At this point in life I despise young people while having equal distain for older people. Is the what the blues song "Crossroads" was about?
Don’t be fooled by the colorful packaging and deceptive labeling of beverages. Many of the products are simply sugar water.
Happy 30th Birthday to Sandy! Welcome to the Nerdy Thirty club (I joined Dec. 26th).
I hope Kentucky fans enjoy this title for the 2 to 4 years it's valid.
woo I cant wait!!
IM OUT YALL
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
hey i just saw you at lunch lol
You're welcome & GOOD morning! :)
We become addicted to being accepted by an ego driven society
when hoes met sally
If You Cant Handle My Worst You Aint Getting My Best ,
LIVE: Tweeting the Congressional #French Caucus. Starting at 10:00am EST. Stay tuned!
Breaking mental chains hoping to get working brains
I've never had a bb so I can't compare but I LOVE my iPhone!!
Britney Spears looks HORRIBLE nowadays
Nice catch!
Just listened to all the songs by I could find. You guys are truly amazing! 
my god i love meeting with people who know how to write a survey. thanks Institutional Research!
He's Just Not That Into You was a really good movie. Much better than I expected it to be
The IHOP Line Looks Like Niggas Been Camping Out For Pancakes..
thank you for laughing!
Watch the New Champions of YouTube!
Just witnessed jit at my school get confronted by the dude smashin his chick ! An he standing there w/the "#iEatAssFace" hahahah
Also, thanks for connecting on here! Hope your week is off to a grand start!
I know i am. Unlike u. Oh BURN
Man i just found out wit BBL mean
#ChoiceStreets love for
you arn't funny
Just saw a monster truck in advanced autos parking lot... No joke. O_o
oh stop, when you say things like that it really makes me wish you tweeted me more often!! :$
i don't get why his view on this is getting so much coverage...we care because????
Leadership is about creating habits that make you more effective so you can focus on the growth of others.
So good to see you!! hope you had a lovely birthday!! :-)
must be planet fitness haha
let's plan a day to go. I'm serioussas
dear dmv workers, please disregard those whiny, unprepared, jerks who blame you for things in their life being harder than they have to be.
Stephen A. has called us boring old & made fun of Patty Mills & Tiago Splitter & yet the Spurs are stil beating the Suns W/O the Big 3.
not the shoulder
We just creative spirits, that's the way GOD made us.
Of course!
One dollar bills coming out her asshole #ghettomusic 👍
Hey #DodgerFam are you following us on instagram? For great pics of your #Dodgers & favorite players. Please follow
Dont treat me like dem "other niggas" Or ima treat you like dem "other Bitches"
Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon split after 27 years of marriage. There's no hope for any of us.
I can't believe tomorrow starts my last week in high school.
and what has prompted this response?
hey Alex can u please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean a lot!
we're always open to new writers. feel free to toss me an email at
NOT ANYMORE. I ADOPTED MYSELF SO HA!
i hate haters that hate ppl who hate haters lol
I'm waiting to see how long it takes the NC SC to rule it's unconstitutional.
that was cool as the fam - let's see if we can't link up again b4 the end of the month. i'm ready when u r!
So i had a dream that i moved to San Antonio and became like bestfriends with you and and it was so cool <3
cute and can't ask a million questions, good choice. My sis's bf hates me right now ha ha
Thanks for helping spread the word!
all time favorite here haha
The possibility of an Eataly coming to Chicago is very exciting!
Lady Gaga admitted that she smokes weed while writing songs.....Must be why she keeps forgetting they've already been written by Madonna.
I quite frankly don't wanna be at herron and my bus pass is expired anyway
Larry Johnson announces that libraries will be included in the Horizon Report within 18 mos!!!
The taxi ads with an obnoxious woman yelling to my driver to change direction are really pissing me off.
or Iowa...
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Paintball – an inspiration for crime and violence — Paintball Blog
In the mood for some GOOD fried fish, suggestions??
#schoolmemories runnign from cpos and the deans in the old woodward tryna skip class
I was going to say, I would love to take you to coffee if you were here to take about #PR! Maybe next time!
follow me that's where I tweet:)
Dont think so..
hope you feel better
I baby sat all day, and night. The only thing I want to do is sleep for an hour, why can't I do that?! Bitch
#3WordsForYou Back Off Me
haha no. my bud's dad built Chris' house so we got to sit in their "friends n family" section. A room full of alcohol though!
The mix is just as crucial as any production, just like the color can make or break an edit
- Things are going very well, thanks! Let me know how we can help you too! Keep us posted and we'll be thinking of you!
You two sound like me this morning, yelling at my cheek for having acne. I'm sure this beer will help...
GO FLYERS GO BABY BOOOOYAAAAA LET'S DO THIS BOYS
Ball don't lie...! LoL
it was a bar...but like UFO
: Return the favor follow us
I hate it when I realize I used the word "great" twice in a one line email.
Found out the problem is a bug in Safari, which is what I was using! Switched to Firefox and it seems to be good now :) Thanks
Wordpress is awesome #Wordpress Blog on there. Thanks for tweet
"Did it take?"
place looks awesome. I'll go there Monday probably.
Working hard all year really isn't paying off
#Elementary When my cat died.
Cookout at 3 last night was not a good idea
blasting fun.'s new CD and trying to pound out the last of this essay
I want to open a bakery. :) RT I'm pretty sure I just gained 20 lbs by looking at all the food you just pinned
thank you!!! needing some inspiration.
Less than 19 days: RT : The show is only days away. Who'll be joining us in Detroit at the booth?
What's up dude?
#RoyalWedding ...I saw Katherine's eyes flash when the bishop pronounced them "man and wife" instead of "husband and wife".
sorry what about the rumors?
That seems like the right thing to do. But then I don't have any furniture for living room!
why is the cheating whore in "hes just not into you" HAS to be named ANNA?!?!?!? damn it
How is everyone..? (: I don't use this twitter anymore.. Don't have time.
are you off dm limit yet??
This blows don't feel good been getting sick allday :/
Yeah do it - or email it - and can you add my facebook acct as developer/admin to any 'app' you're building. (please)
"Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful." John Wooden (1910-2010) Rest in peace.
I Think It's Time You Know I Exist!^.^ Either Way I Still Love You Alot!❤
That's great! I always forget of Jefferson and Lafayette square. Any indoor spaces you'd recommend as a backup?
We are stoked that everyone had a great turkey day! Hopefully you're still full from dinner.
China now largest mobile market : Business development impact on multinational law firms
I'd never been to an audition before.. a grotesque carnival of human misery..
Do they (the refs) just not like ?!
YOU LUCKY BOY.
Playing pacman makes me scream when those ghost are after me!hahaha..:)
can you follow me? because you have too many followers for me to talk to you.
Margaret Mitchell~ Until youve lost your reputation you never realize what a burden it was.
Hahaha, omfg, my cousin made me listen to that today, so funny. SHE RATCHET!
hope that went well!
This is exactly what i am talking about. RT: grabbed his shiznit.Hightailing it back to LI. Stopping@ the
we're running normal times...20-30 depending on your location
I know right? I would beat the absolute shit out of them if I ever met who did it.
Sell Privately? Or Use a Real Estate Agent? Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home. When you sit down and consi
Antibodies can be the cause of implantation issues. After ASKING, RE said, "yes, we can check for that." Annoying I had to ask
u ain't never lie!
so your just on twitter at 2 30 in the am for no reason. Whata loser
Why yes, I am jamming to the Backstreet Boys right now, thanks for asking :)
Never lower your standards to meet someone's expectations.
Ok. Will look for her to contact me.
Belly Dance Classes Start Today! We're going to make this a thing, as Barney Stinson would say.
and we hope you had fun at the Geek Gala!!
"Um is this that Nickelodeon band?" Ha, why yes it IS Big Time Rush!
#s/o 2 on breakin his 1st platinum mixtape! most under-rated rapper out there right now
I'm going to chuck away all my devices and run away into the unknown.
CD Workshop tonight with Marnie Saitta. :)
U cant stop the waves, but u can learn to surf
I know, I know. It's been a hell of a run. Good luck in Philly.
Now I Know What Wasz Talking About (:
Had a Fantastic instructor meeting! Really Experienced Teachers and Wonderful Folks!
Just bought a nice cover for my Iphone on ebay. Great place to buy stuff for the Iphone. Better than amazon.. :) Good Night!!!
Don't be so hard on yourself. Your instincts are there for a reason. I know it's tough to listen to them.
One thing that "bugs" me is questions that start with "How are people using___" People are all different, so people use things differently.
Brass Monkeys tonight.
#eminence Thanks so much! Looking forward to joining the EIS team!
I ain't even mad, oh wait I'm writing an essay, I'm pretty damn mad
Check out our deals on Living Social ......:)
You can either complain about the work or do the work not both- you either want the project or you want to be home
not a spoiler! his beauty makes me sad :p
well i don't watch jersey shore, i think its kinda stupid. i got other things to watch lol
#BRING1DTONYC cmon guys, it even rhymes! trend it!
empty the clip on her 😂
thanks for the apology. I still have Philip love, I was just a little offended and shocked that you would say that. XO
Give Precious a break...watching her kid must be exercise. Shes working smarter not harder
copy>paste This is , you know? Hails bestfriend anyway. You should follow this girl because she is the...
HI Thank you so much for your follow. GOOD LUCK with your release!!!!!
I'm having the kind of day where I feel like maybe Charles Bukowski had all the answers...I need to go home and go to bed.
Yes, that's why I never run on a treadmill :) I'm outdoors, rain, shine, snow, hail, bring it :)
I miss the old me:'(
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be truly happy with what you have.
Yeah but who though?
loved you once,love you still,always have ..always will <3
Set's going up & actors are rehearsing on all cylinders. It's all coming together. Who's gonna be there? 4 shows only.
aw you got a cold did u take anything for it yet
19 hours straight to Montana. Step it up bud.
Wrecked 'Em? Damn Near Killed 'Em!
GO GET EM.
Okay, american, you're winning me back. Was already rebooked to an earlier flight bc mine was already delayed. A+
Madness,pure madness...Lol!
This has to be a joke...ESPN NCAAF - Mountain West and Conference USA agree to consolidate for 22-member football conference
Again, grandstand all you want... but you haven't given me any reason to think that my assumptions re trauma are wrong.
“: I bet Tebow can get Chick-fil-a on Sunday.”
I emailed on Friday - would love to attend the shindig. Congrats on 10 fab years! xo
Brand Name Groceries for Free www.downowinfo I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info Ya gotta eat !!
Just confirmed comedian for #RITBrickCity 2011! Stay tuned for announcement!
Had Christmas songs in my head all day. AH.One more time.AH. Need to play something else quick and erase it from my head!
Kol HaOt looks forward to greeting "Camp Micah" teens tomorrow at our "Mentschmaker, Mentschmaker, Make Me a Mentsch" program.
: Every time you create a text message you increase your chances of arthritis.... we are screwed
i would like more but in like 3-4 years...
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing the photos. I'm going to be there with my son in 2 weeks.
strolling through the Marigny headed to Gene's for a Po'Boy
That "Breeze" just blew in.... Name it, Claim it... and grab a pen...!
Why. Why why why do I keep feeling compelled to get into arguments with people on fb. (This time it's about Animal Farm.)
SLUMBER PARTY!!!
#nyy #yankees guys that's why the answer to beating the shift is simply laying down bunt. It doesn't alter your power stroke. Baseball 101
www.mwishartpi.com. My specialty is finding people. M Wishart Investigations is a full service investigative firm.
Am I the only one who has a bad habit of looking at Twitter during writing time? What time of day do you reserve for your WIP?
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
People started liking josh h. after his roll of petta. Bitches I have loved him sence the first movie I have ever seen him in. so back off!
Where's a good Middle Eastern restaurant in Seattle?
you fool. That phrase stands for the acknowledgment that people believe. It does not condone a particular dogma. Fool
Apparently sidewalk pooping is the new popular urban sport.
#GoodMorning A new day to make another dollar. Early morning grind time. Another audition today.
RT : Adding a shirtless Anderson Cooper dancing around in a fireman's hat would only make this halftime show 0.2 percent more gay.
I look better in photos than I do in person. It doesn't bother me.
Thanks! Tho the b-day was abt 2 weeks ago :)
April is Earth Month! Now thru April 30, 25% of ALL orders will be donated to Clean Water Action of MN!
#ThingsweallLOVE falling in love with the 1!!!
Long ass boring day.. But this beat banga bout to kill itt tho
thanks so much! Have a great week (I know your Monday is almost over) :)
I expected to see your picture in the wall..
I only got a couple pictures of people #hatting :( I NEED more! Come on people! help me out(: Youll be on my background(: !!!!!
Working on pt 2 of my indie rock list today. If we're lucky, I'll finish and post it tonight!
hehehe thank you. :)
Tweeting like a boss
they kissed ? the hell.
#astd10. Look for me at the celebration. I will be the one in pants.
Fun stunt audition yesterday then an awesome Casting Director workshop with Jordan Bass :)
Gambino Grammar Nazi -- RT : *You're RT : Your an idiot.
Somebody DM me something sweet. .
Tell me im your national anthem.
God is not slack concerning His promises. If He said it, He will do it.
Hitting sheets, my two cats are being bed hogs. Goodnight tweeters.
stuff I already teach...History(I start Pre Hip Hop, like Calloway),4 elements,instruments(decks,samplers,etc),record study
Aiden has a dentist appointment today. I can only pray that we have no meltdown. The joys of
CONDRAGULATIONS ON YOUR FIRST HASHTAG! “: thanks Jackie. That was my first hashtag. #gettingthehangofthis.”
Did u get your Royal Ink gift certificates?! Don't miss out!! $50 will get u an $80 value tattoo!! It's a no-Brainer!! (216) 673 - 1550
Buffalo's heartache?
Lost Dog ??? - $500 Reward ??? the Poodle is lost in 56789.
Ron Carle from ICMA: Relationships and integrity are the most important elements for successful local govt leadership
Headed to session on strategic leadership in online learning.
Ty Lawson cooking
“: Thanks for the drink we <3 you” / our pleasure! Thanks for stopping in.
Classes r great though looking 4ward 2 the end of this semester. You? RT : How are classes?
Someone didn't enjoy the #Top10 plays today. RT : White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility
omg i can't believe its over! :'(
My whole back is red 😨
giggle giggle scream beer that is my reenactment of the reunion.
what is an alternate reality game? tell us, !
RT if oh have blue eyes and wish people would see what really on the inside, not whats on the outside. xoxo, AM
This dude is making love to this atm! What the fuck
A favorite "rose through the ranks" tale: Ken Moore, chair of musical instruments at Met Museum, was originally a guard
Witnesses: you "win" a deposition with ur BRAIN, not your mouth. So shut up and learn how to listen/think.
el burro hablando de orejas m.
The Play of the Game: Michigan State's miraculous Hail Mary vs. Wisconsin OR Albert Pujols 3 home runs?
A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up - Mae West
im in love with someone
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 9
You can find open engineering positions on my Twitter!
Off to the Confirmation service. I am privileged to read the verses each of these young people chose to express their faith!
So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love?When were apart what ever are you thinking of?What will it take to break this hint of love?
Also, ran into an employee while waiting for my bus who remembered me stopping in at 48th and forest home a few weeks ago... feels great!
I am!! Thank youu!!!
What do you call an aardvark in a frying pan? A lardvark!
: We need you out there! I really love seeing you play. We miss you in the 18! That makes two of us
oh okay :(
this week we will get it done for sure.
Not dealing with #smalltownusa is an excellent feeling today. I am so glad I live closer to Chicago.
he pass it to him because that's HIS friend it's hard to score on a team when you have a coexist on the same team
WEsNDY WAS MY 1ST CLASS ND I HAD Afew ppl SHOW UP YET I HAV 20 PEOPLE SIGNED UP 2 MY CLASS.N MOSTLY ALL GOT BACK 2 ME ON SHOWIN UP THIS WEEK
. Very fun question, ! My film adaptation wish list would include THE TIGER'S WIFE, STATE OF WONDER and PREP.
I'm on iPhone :(
AMEN I just lost 60 and Im learning although its great its not all about skinny xoxo u look amazing ur beaut ...
Houston flashback! Capers at podium talking about Packers first round pick Nick Perry, Charley Casserley on monitor above him!
I'm excited for my next #photoshoot tomorrow in
Which national park in the Sunshine State is the only national park that is made up of 95% water?
Baxter and I are single
#well #goodnight #sad to #see this weekend #go :(
that sounds good. I could go for some nachos. Julie and I went there once before
M what time and where? :) how much $ should i bring?
i would but i cant get that many people to follow you.. sorry.. how bout 5 for 5???? :(
meeeh u get to go lol I'm busy tomorrow :O
Bitch sounds so much better in english then in spanish.
what is the red stain on that chair????
Had a good time w Jen. It feels good to be bros...:) Going to see Evan Reeds Play tonigjt.
Agreed. RT : Some nights the live-tweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
new Albanian off grant line rd. upside down pizza and pretzels w beer cheese. Do it
aww that sucks :c
Trying Google+ for yet another run. Haven't been able to make it stick in my social media rotation, but could be so important for search.
thank you :)
that singing (sanging) voice..just caught that Keith Murray..Nobody Do It Better...sigh...
About to go "Office Space" on the copy machine!
- thanks for being so sweet & sharing the ivy jeanne love! <3 best of luck on the rest of tour.
Ur so pathetic.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Be sure and check out bar tonight! A great Thursday night & looking forward 2 talking with them about some ideas!
There’s more to being on twitter than just being pretty. Although that definitely helps.
Looking for guest bloggers to share their insights on successfulblogging.com. .
I'm a guy. I don't like fags. Dierks is cool. Scotty sucks.
bro life
Thank you :)
At least there's no bull shit .
Just watched this. Loved it!
I don't want to go to class..
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS.
Need sleep 🙇💤
I got G's rock rock n roll tees with no sleeves tats showing tucked in strap showing.
we still poke each other on fb even though i left!!
I'm bout that life tomorrow. I'll add a lil kush to the mix as well.
you shouldn't have left.
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 3):
Got some extra time? Prime & paint our new Fat Bike corral and get a FREE 4-hour rental! Stop in Friday am! I love Bartering : )
Happy Mothers Day Paula :)
Just be honest....Even If It Hurts!!!
About to join a 2nd gym!!!
WE ARE HERE TO
The Roots killed it. So good!
great new pic of you two!! What a pair. :-)
": I need some business cards"always a good investment!
#NationalAdoptionDay We need to switch from a nation that aborts children to one that adopts children.....
soon after you get home can we please have a cupcake cooking day
Bad news: it's not Friday yet. Good news: We are #CommercialFree !
I like my job but can't stand these people I work with.
Must get motivated!
Every bag of trash left behind costs FoLT $10 that we dont have. Please pack it out, darlin'
Does NBC count all the times I have watched Parks and Rec on Netflix?
If you want to change the world in the 21st century you need to be able to work across generations
If you're not a celebrity...having more followers then you're following does not make you any more popular
I'm student teaching in Hillsboro right now!
No prob bro we show respect when theyre due. RT appreciate y'all !!!
Quinn just got much needed a reality check.
Do you struggle to speak under pressure? Get tips from Sandy Bjorgen on Wed Jan 25 bit.ly/z8Ab7D
Thunder when it's sunny outside
do you need a recipt to CHANGE something , in a hair store [ wea ve ] even though aint open it ? cause i lost that shit lol
u gonna come by. U bettr come by
Silly rabbit...Easter is for Jesus!
thanks for the great show last night. Pretty Face is a great opener. Love the smoke vinyl!
Welcome to Maney's new Twitter feed for all tweets about our #journals and books in #language, #literature and #culture!
you are such a sweetheart!
been a crusal ass week!!
Just made the echo sub-sample accurate. There's some nice comb filtering possibilities now...
On EreThang Big Joe
Mission Valley smells like someone took a dump. Must be all the Raiders fans in town.
Oomf needs to grow up!
Happy Birthday to and I love you guys!!! Hope your day was fantastic:-)
SHE'S A LADY, WOAH WOAH WOAH SHE'S A LADY
Happy Friday followers! Anyone have plans for some hiking this weekend? Give us a shout and let us know where you're headed!!
amber and I will be there too! :) -janie
. I would rather be an "Obamabot" than worry about an R president for 4 or 8 years in 2012.
yeah, that's my concern, a ton of low to mid quality work, but users will find the good stuff & share it - similar to apps
HELP!Does anyone know how2cancel a bid on EBAY?I put in a bid4a 'Mickey Mouse outfit'&now it seems i'm6mins away from owning bo&his cabinet
Oh sweet Jesus now my father is complaining about the health care bill. He claims he's not a repub but he is too susceptible to talk radio.
She already landed with Delta. She will be at Arrivals Downstairs. Does that work?
Tribal Energy Cardio is so much fun you forget that it's an intense cardio workout. Check out my DVD on Amazon or www.tribalenergycardio.com
You're a true hoe !
you both look terrific, great pic
Apparently on its way but of course not 100% til final edits. But yup!
I woke up and immediately laughed :D
he's long gone :(
thanks love
are you taking the #111 bus to the Chelsea #MBTA hearing tonight or the Lexus? No valet in Chelsea. Pay more ca$h get less :(
So nice to see so many children in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville! They love it!
thank you, iupui natatorium for burning my face off. i don't think my face has ever been this red.
That is why I always think I can. RT : Henry Ford Whether you think you can or whether you think you cant, youre right.
So...this is how it's gonna be. Wow.
My son also has a heart defect.
#Avalanche help Isles get .500. That's just sad!! #Avalanche should have handled this one easily!!
Off to bed. Getting ready for a Sunday on Good Morning San Diego. Join us at 6am - 10am!
Why the fuck couldnt eveyone leave me alone im sick i dont even wanna see The Avengers, thats how sick i am.
We exceeded our MFHFH goal! Thanks for the hard work, looking forward to more helping hearts in 2011.
I am not that hungover
The only thing keeping me awake right now is you. -.-
I know exactly what you mean. I do the same thing. It can't be perfect, so why do it? Put it off.
no problem bro, looking forward to hearing the whole track.
I think everyone at the office was watching the Aztecs except me. I was 2 busy tracking down Bob Marley songs 4 March Marley Madness on
Hawks doin work on Boston!
k guys imma go on my personal account now . kbailoveyaa<3
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music... To The Fight
By the beard of ZEUS!!! These oreos are just delight fly.
I think we need to hit up for their $3 tequila special on Wednesdays!
Some fella asked me why baseball is my favorite sport. Why? Because I can go from "aw shit" to "fuck yeah" in a matter of minutes.
or a talent ;) ..do u ever play #Hive?
I thought pizza was a pain killer.....
Dear I'm secretly in love with you shhhhhhh don't tell anyone lmfao I still have to come to one of your shows
As previously ranted... I also hate any and all singing shows, including Smash, The Voice and American Idol. They suck the joy from my soul
Just got done texting (via kik) with a friend visiting Turkey. So cool!
i know! I never thought i would see that side of him, but hes just asdfghjkl. Omg. Lol sexy!
#Aztecs just scored.
Goddamn I like working with google maps. The v3 api is SO GOOD.
oh man! That is so NOT fun 😷 I hope you feel better as well!!
- I want so much for you to meet her!
Fun day for soccer so far.... #Arsenal game was fun to watch and now watching #Liverpool. Best way to spend a Sunday morning :)
Dress cant be altered...and has a stain from the manufacturer
Is in the office... on a sunday? on Mother's Day? Hell yeah... now where is everyone else?
that could have been an emotionally crushing trip for the 76ers
Price would've been out.
I think it's safe to say memorization is not my strong point
Can't wait to see , , and many other great bands at #vanswarpedtour this july!!
Why do discount stores sell socks in plastic bags that are resealable? Do people really care about keeping the unused portion fresh?
haha and this year would have marked my 2nd anniversary as mayor! I guess it was time ;-)
Timing is everything.
Ok, I shouldnt ate that....but it was so good....sushi
That moment when you pee your pants and die of happiness because you find out that has the same birthday as you.
NO ACTAUALL YOU RACIST FUCK DO IT TO YOURSELFS:D
You already? 4 free tickets? Was that an invitation? hahaha!
do I know you?
Watched soccer match with one other guy at large Pittsburgh sports bar -- announcer said 650 million other people were watching it
Thank you! Spread the word! :)
that sounds so good!
old line already heard dat too much
Yay!!! And no, same job. Why you ask??
you know our car is way more live with 5 guys packed into the Sebring
64% off: $10 for 2 Drinks & Appetizer at DRAGONS DEN in the heart of East Village! Don't let this deal pass you by! #Drink&EatBeforeYouRage
we finally had a chance to watch the 1st & 2nd Terra Nova episodes.. LOVE it!!!! You??
Hahaha yeah I heard he'll be here later
Footlong! Who's got the footlong!
he went to town and bumped his head and couldnt get up in the morning x:
We cannot use human beings--it is that simple. It does not matter how much it costs us to stop it.
Just chillen in bed what to do today?
Vote Batman for Homecoming
LOL....I just....I just don't understand people.
You'll have to have one for me too
We thought so... but we're sort of biased that way... :) Thanks!
wait i did on tv i thought that shit was fake lbs
Am on a serious Røyksopp binge today, and loving every moment of it.
Everything - sold out!!!
#GODBLESS THOSE THAT CAN LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY
Or at least not into their librarian/archivist training.
ESS with my boy
Sitting in on David Underwood's Military Button Bingo program ! Go David!
She makes dirty words sound pretty. <3
Going To NYC With My Best Friend!! Can't wait to see Austin!!😄😄😄😄!!
A ghost _and_ a skeptic -- and I should do _more_ ghosting, editing, writing, or speaking soon, so by all means hire me.
Days like today make me think I wouldn't want to live anywhere else... I wonder if I'll feel the same way in January...
great to meet you Dale!!
then go to bed lol
come back already!
YAY I love Seattle to
My grandma is an amazing woman, so glad I had a great conversation with her today
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that do the damn thing for they kids...enjoy y'all day cause I know I will :)
Hey now you're an all star get your game on go play
Isaac made a personal youtube account. Some acoustic songs of ours are up on there. Check 'em out. youtube.com/IsaacD1C
I nearly cried when I looked through the kitty sleepover pics.
If I'm ever hogging a bench & sitting on my phone please feel free to smack me across the back of my head so I can do the same to you! ARGH!
Dog crossed the street using the crosswalk
Up early for work still feel high from last night
did you try new stylist yet?
We just wanted to welcome our new family members in the DCT on Fridays! We can't wait to see you all play.
My Mom dint like closed doors ^___^ so she took mine but my brother kept his. Wtf
How do you throw out a garbage can?
Heading to bed with the certainty it's going to be 12/7/11 when I wake up in the morning, because no way did today actually happen.
hey jasmine thanks for following US!! see you soon :)
#468 1940 Chevy Street Rod 468 Big Block Classic Muscle Car for Sale in MI Vanguard Motor Sales
- you're having one of those nights too?
Ha! Here we go. RT : Mustard in my cereal > Rondo for the last shot.
Sum of those acts were just weird and unnatural
i suck
I'm doing better tonight. I talked with my mom about plans for a graveside and what will happen with my grandfather. It helped.
Commencement is coming to RIT again soon! What do you remember most from your last weeks at RIT?
What exactly are you wanting? We would be happy to connect you if possible!
Do they even still make baseball?
Reagan Admin knowingly ignored Zia&#39;s lies on n-weapons: report
The ellen show cracks me up!
so ready for summer! this is just givin us the fever more!
All-natural soap gentle enough for sensitive skin
The first day of classes is the same day as the first day of the #RNC! We're on campus checking out preparations.
Going to Palm Beach, FL to speak for Yom HaShoah. Temple Emanu-El of Palm Beach, Thursday, April 19. at 7:30 pm Everyone is welcome.
Say what you really mean. Kate Upton. Fuck me. Why the hell would you ruin a good with marriage? RT : Kate Upton. Marry me.
Ok Boston, one of the following will happen 2nite 939: Face painting and clowns. Cooking classes. Tim solo show. Find out which! 8pm
hahaha love you!
“: the song's meaning would totally plummet if the words were "...but I will lurve you endlessly"”
Thanks Bryton. Will be back soon. RT "miss the one and only kicking it with us at pirate city for spring training"
Oh my gosh I am still super excited! And since the official word of a sequel? I can barely control my fangirling.
Fuck... now I want some fried pickles and I don't know of a nearby Hooters. Damn! Damn! Damn! Hoooooooooooooooooooooterrrrrrrrrrrrsss!!!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
LOL, I love when they interview pacquiao.
how about an iPad?
I count money you spell words... Just trying to help you with dollars & cents .. much respect
happy birthday man! hope you're doing well. let's get ramen this week?
No school for me. I hate being sick.
whatever Tiger👊
first time I ever spotted you tweeting
Congrats!!! and thank goodness! I am having to pry them apart!!
thx for the tip! Will def check out Las Tinajas & El Nicaragua. <3 the idea of u & coming down!! cc:
not funny :(
RT : Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee *this much.*
I always forget how my kindle fire can go on the internet((:
I was but my old device had issues so I undid jailbreak, up it to 5.1 and got it exchanged it for another 4s that came with 5.0.1
Why no one understands government jargon. Fire chief: “Wild land urban interface.” Translation: Homes near brush that can catch fire.
#neverinamillionyears canoe tripping in the BWCA
#Vegan creation: Fresh coconut meat+coconut water, raw cacao (chocolate), banana, agave...crazy good
You want to go there too?:@ ahh.. I know it, josh.
i m glad alot of people from my school don't have a twitter ..
Busto. So unbelievably card/spot dead today. Oh well
On 2nd day of my two week tour in Hawaii - today Kauai
you said the one on top !! I'm sorry . :/
oh lAWD! Highlights or your whole head?!
2012 and we're still using broken image captcha? How is this possible?
starting now in Milwaukee
Have a great birthday Melody! Catalina Kitchen is still calling your name! Enjoy yourself!
Can't wait for tonight! Best biscuits in Boston and amazing bbq sauces
great panel, audience and conversations on #biotechnology #DIY #lifesciences Good thing we're recording it all
no king midas sound but i can get it for next week's show :)
Thank you
It ain't over for Boston yet but it looks like it
Photo of Dalai Lama in Trojan gear made my morning. #fighton!
Come check out the new Mystic HD at our Pacific Beach location! 2 free boosters with purchase of a mystic today!
Fuck it. Challenge accepted
i'm so boring - i'm approving time cards.
RTRTRTRT : I wish my life was like an 80's movie.
Write a song about Forbidden love or something like that.
And #Community!!!!!! Great news!! Parks and rec???
Interesting story on NBC's new Rock Center. Birth tourism...Expectant mothers have babies in US to ensure baby's citizenship, benefits, etc.
Well, not the only reason, but it's one big reason. That should tell u something about how Independents on the R are..
It's to early to be at school
Are you kidding? I'm about to break 10,000 followers on Wow!!!
does Palin have "nuances"? I always thought nuance was the stuff of intelligent people. Or at least sophisticated people?
Make sure yall follow the homie
im mention you because i can and you making up shyt about me and that shyt aint cool
Burger king food don't never be hot!!
My new Vans will make things okay today
no I think it is, 2 people just told me it is
[Heb4:2]FatherGod's Word/SpiritualPrinciples has been preached to many but HIS Word has only profited those who have added their faith to IT
super great weekend, made it back just in time to watch the nuggets beat orlando and stay in the 6th spot....Go Nuggets, Go Rockies...
Now this lady know them fucking heals are to fucking small for her feet... her toes hang out super far.. DAMN
different for everyone? Are your folks on min wage? Your friends folks? Pretty sure they work full time jobs
happy mothers day girl! (:
Just walked in on in the middle of a business meeting with a giant pickle. Her professional life is so Dada.
miss u visit u soon cause.I'm not far neeemore ;)
OK ... is amazing. A walk thru history and so many issues and topics we learn about in class
I miss my mom&dad.
Massive traffic jam ... talk of eating me donner party style. #thatcamproadtrip just got real.
cause the bsckground it has wont make it look good.
well arent you SO COOL! jk jk i feel honored :)
she is great
But it is my turn to get excited about Google's logo today! What is your favorite Ancient Egypt inspired book?
Recalls were started based on #act10. Yet not one dem will mention it. Cause they know it worked. Now they make shit up
Whats the name of it and edition?
nite - too bad u will miss #chat2lrn tomorrow as will I :-(
Thanks for the follow. We love baking with bourbon!
Looking for fun iP8d app that lets you take pictures, edit and print easily. Photobooth type thingy. Any favorites?
It's annoying as fuck how you have to be "drug-free"(can't smoke weed) to get certain jobs, yet it's okay to drink alcohol. Ass-backwards.
Follow Back Dudes
Listening to the one that got away by katy perry reminds me of </3 it makes me sad..
nicest cashier at Walgreens this morning. Great to know that there is some good people out there.
<-----this account have problem..
hi! Do u have #Bechets ?
lol I can tell by Xiahou Beiber and so on that you are from Koei Warriors. Nice...
I speak my mind so it is what it is.
People at my school call me Kenny because when they need protecting they come to me. Also... we're both awesome ;D
Humanist speaks out as Christians urged to wear cross - BBC News
I use a Hario V60 for single cups every morning. Also ❤ my Chemex for larger brews.
So much cleaning!!!
Keep looking at my phone thinking she texted back -_- Douchebag lol
dude, I get it. You had it rough, so you're kids shoudl too. Please stop cc'ing me on this. You "win" cc
Great first day at #Socap11 today - very inspired by all the energy and forward thinking folks around
Besides Miami, I might go with Boston.
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, ‘I’m possible!’” – Audrey Hepburn
2 fluent, 1 conversational and 2 getting by. Trying to learn more every day.
Watchin Bullish!t. EVOO powder? Elementary. should've won
My favorite song from iSoundtrack 2 is 'Leave It All To Me'.
well I love root beer
Take a joke
Khloe Kardashian: Come To My Toy Drive In Dallas! (PHOTOS) Hey dolls! I just wanted to start this post off by saying how warm of a welc
Thank you both!
Good Morning! <3 hope you have a good day! (:
Everyone tweeting me, thank you. I really need someone to talk to and I have no one to talk to...<3
GORGEOUS! pinned it! lol
Looks like a beautiful weekend in the Bay area! What're your weekend plans?
god loves me..
Uninstalled from my #android phone. It contained undelete-able sponsored bookmarks and served #VZW ads based on my carrier.
He like a rock in the sea, unshaken, stands his ground. Virgil
A *criminally* undersung film.
Today is gonna be a long one
S/0 to everybody up early and doing something productive with their day.
the only thing that changes when your 18 is you can buy cigs and go to jail lol.
I'm following you
working on a logo for an insurance agency.. inspired by the client's late grandfather's calligraphy work.. hoping it turns out awesome :)
Can someone explain to me how spiking the ball on 3rd down made sense there?
I love U All Ova My Heart ♥
"Don’t you realize that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize? So run to win!..." - 1 Corinthians 9:24-26
Stupid packed !!!! #wildwednesday !!!!!
Happy Valentines Day 
Good Monday Morning. Dragging a little this morning but slowly waking up. This 30 degrees makes me want to go back to bed.
"I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way." - Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)
#oneofthesedays alice, #oneofthesedays ...really though is anyone on twitter old enough for that reference?
nothing!! just about to make some music. whats up
Earl Grey Green Tea and a stack of Library Journals. #CollectionDevelopment Heaven
Just another reason I despise Just a punk move!
i can tell what kind of mood you are in today ;)
's S.Casper reports from his #dareproject rehearsal: "Office Thriller: A muddlestorm of specificity."
#RHOA #Cynthia needs to get a backbone when it comes to talking to
OT in Conway. & Hendrix tied at 57 end of regulation. Yoshimura hits 3 FT's with :07 left to tie it up.
Green team with our first win on the season
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting w Laura Christenbury, a powerhouse dynamo who works with #MKE youth at Boys & Girls Club. A person to watch in 2012.
gives the brewers the lead! He smoked that ball down the line.
Wow Perry is sliding Cain is rising in the polls how funny
No and no encouraging. You're trying to kill me aren't you? No self control!
hahah thanks girl! (:
awesome how all these skc fans come together to make something. It will be Awesome March 17th
We should also mention Afghanistan Declassified is from
Chicago bulls gonna kick ginobli's ass!
fingers crossed for you!
I have more conversations about turquoise and caicos than you would ever believe.
hey Cross my good friend how are ya...in case u didn't know I'm going to school for paralegal studies. Might need to intern..
So...are we going to have to pay for "Premium on Facebook"??
I did get a little time for meditation in.
Yes a little, I mean I've heard of him
is there a minimum number of data points to allow for prediction?
Six am appointment....I've been up since three am! Working until seven, thank god for coffee!
So sad when internalized homophobia plays out so clearly!
been there, done that, 1972, barca bears!
Thanks for the mention!
Before I left for Virginia in late May of 1861, I read a disturbing item in the secessionist Martinsburg Republican newspaper.
When I'm tired of staring at a computer screen...I get outside and garden (rake leaves) to find a balance to social network saturation!
City and Colour.  
they mom killed them and then herself
Do you have any need for a project manager in your SoCal office? cc:
In a Buisness Analytics meeting. Bored, lost and I have only understood 1 joke...kind of. #feeling dumb
and Jeff Beck with a searing version of 'Let me love you baby' on the In Performance at the White House
What happens, happens. You're gonna be fine, bruh.
Like this chick who was replying to a friend's tweet trying to tell him stuff like he's not a freaking Kings historian, what?
OMG you guys! Do you think I'll sleep? I should probably try.
I have had chipotle way to many times this week and it's only tuesday.
great tweet...
Back from running 13 mi on Lake Shore, from 35th Street to North Beach and back. Feeling the training.
Why i wear thick fluffy socks 1% comfort 1% warmth 98% increased ability to slide across the floor like a ninja :B
Hello from twitter land!!!
^_^ well I think I know a someone similar to that
More thanks to for following and for what you do!
I love having an electric guitar player as my boyfriend. <3
about the podcast--thanks! What a funny last thing to have at Yale. Everyone should get to impersonate Hemingway...
If you've followed , you're at the right place. Thanks for following!
*You have to believe in happiness, or happiness never comes.- Douglas Malloch
hey, hey ! a big congratulations to you! well deserved. have fun at Obama's house! so proud.
I love story time with my father...I look up to him so much
Wow. 5-1 for the #LAKings? WTF. Are we really gonna see the #Coyotes and kings in the western conf finals?
Do you cross your legs like Barack Obama?
Who is looking forward to the Marburg Lecture NEXT Wednesday! :)
leg hurting ... stomache cramps ... ugh just one of them days ... don't take it personal !!!
To be fair, David Robertson had not given up a run all year until tonight... Even Mariano had a bad night every once in a while..
A lot of truth is said in jest.
SO to the sorority girl who's taking pictures of herself on her iPhone instead of filling out class evals. I can't make this up.
Pretty miffed that I have to dial in to my virtual meeting - microphone/speaker access isn't working. >:(
Love u bestfriend even tho ur mad at me!!!
im having to delete every file I have for the third time in three days. Is any kind of fix coming?
"Forward = Communist". Oh, here we go...
The May Edition of Connect - soon to be released!
Imma start calling skip da goat
You know that moment when I don't give a shit that you're whining about me? lol I do.
10$ spray tan...look like an Oompaloompa
Thx for following.
you're in though I meant
oh yes, big time
Good morning world
Did the impossible then I did it twice
Sum company used homeless ppl as 4G hotspots in Austin, at the SXSW festival. They got paid, but ppl r bitchin that it's in poor taste.
wonderful. I'm so jealous of you right now. Hah
57 days until In Bliss launches!!! Lots of work to do!
Finding the motivation to go to Asian Religions every MWF is the hardest part of my week.
Orioles have not allowed a run since KING BONO emerged from the waters of the inner harbor & kissed homeplate @ Camden Yards ...
Which books?
Congratulations to Maui Jim, Oakley and Ray Ban! They have been voted best in their fields by 20/20's Vision Monday Eye Vote 2011.
RT : Well...Grizzlies pretty much gave the game away...
Two viewings and a Hail Mary.
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW HIM! (:
RT : Entertainment legend, Dick Clark, passed away from a #heartattack. Our thoughts are with his family & friends.
exactly how I imagined it....wait what?!?
I would just like to thank for the posters and I hope she enjoyed her stamps I gave in return.
It's such a gorgeous day out I'll endure "Pumped Up Kicks" one more time.
Sir Alex Ferguson set to launch Manchester United bid for Sigurdsson this summer - report
time for coffee this Thur or Fri?
Lol! RT : Girls on their period: "I'm fine. I hate you. I love you. Come here. Get away. Youre cute. Fuck off. Fuck that. Fuck this."
I love this!! It's fantastic and hilarious :)
. does a fantastic job in analyzing how will make a major impact w/ #Bears. (see my last Tweet)
And they get a discount on cars 😁
hey hun, would U love to be in my BTR video!! i was wondering if you could sing a BTR song!! it would mean so much if UR in it
If you have any footage you'd like us to RT send it over! We'd love to check it out
angies party with the graduating class & our favorite others (': <333.
Hopefully in a good way! #MalortMonday RT : Seeing malort monday in a tweet just made me cry a little.
when i hit it again, it just says you entered already so it wont let me. is there a way i can send you the link through here?
i need to expand my milwaukee horizons to #riverwest. can you help with suggestions? perhaps a tour?
why not? Attitude like that won't help
It really is beautiful there.
yeah o:
lol she sure is! I'm sure youre pretty too :p
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sat, May 12 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Your cool.
You have such a pretty face, it's a shame you're such a bitch.
I just had lunch @ Papa Joe's BBQ corner of Commanche and North Staples. WOW! Let me tell you....I will be back there again soon for MORE!
Rehearsal tonight! Progress as promised.
I'm switching browsers (bye IE). The question is: Chrome or Firefox? Pros, Cons?
If you're free, head over to Alderman's E-Classroom & learn to save time while researching? 11am: "Research While You Sleep"!
You've certainly convinced us!
RT : Its about that time.....
I met someone at the brunch yesterday and would love to get my meetup group (the genuine girlfriends of nyc) to volunteer
ME: "Does Cocaine really make you skinny?" HIM: "Sh*t, the 7 years I was on it - my ass didn't get skinny!" O_O (LMAO, he's serious too)
if I knew him more yes, but hes new, so no.
RT : big props to julie she led class 2nite PREGNANT. these ladies are amazing! #barre #workout #fitness -lisa
I'm addicted to RuPaul's Drag Race! I just LOVE it.
Portico Learning Solutions has been producing excellent work for more than 12 years in the eLearning industry. Thank you to our...
I swear my parents take advantage of me all the time.
Call Riviera Spa to book an appointment for today or Wednesday. Just say the word ORGANIC and receive 15% off. 214-521-2112
Haha he does scare everyone!!
This Lu Skiwalkr is dope...needs a better mix.
2012 US Figure Skating Championships are taking place today at the HP Pavilion San Jose, CA. Call us now for details: 888-493-0004
hey, check your text message from me
Oh wow, that does sound like a great evening! RT : Started with an Indochine, finished with Kelly's Sgt. Pepper. So good!
I'm watching the last vestiges of hope and life vanish from each persons face in this room. This is the unhappiest place on earth. Labcorps.
The time is nigh for me to finally release a disco blues mix.
can ya boy get a follow back??? S/O that westcoast!!!!
Kinship :) #anthro RT : "The bond that links family is not blood, but respect and sharing of joy."
Obviously I could get a high position in the met office!!
See, this I'm OK with.
Home with a hurt back :/ hoping it gets better for the BEST PARTY IN DC tonight!!! Aka Helen Hayes awards!!
Happy birthday honey I loves me some JG!!! :)
they're real pros, Chris.
Starting the expo hall. Five hours to do it all.
#Oscar best actor winner Jean Dujardin for 'The Artist'!
what kind of bread to eat today... hm
It's cinco de mayo n I'm not in southwest for the first time in years
And I really need some 5/8ths that are plugs because the tunnels will not work.
i am so sleepy.. and i have school tomorrow.. i am glad its the last week:)
Waiting to hear the one and only !!!
What does a working mom do on Mother's Day. Bring her baby to work of course...
not really! she's too fucking dumb ! & do you know the reason she did it?? >.< a GUY like tf? who does that?
I'll ask him tonight, I wouldn't hold your breath though. Lol.
you go to Vegas huh?
What your thoughts on tea? I'm not a big coffee fan.
Anyone near Falls hear/feel that rumble? Cant be thunder, the sun is shining
aww man i missed it! :(
15-page research paper due in less than 72 hours. Getting an MBA is hard.
140 million for Draw Something. Zynga strikes again.
lets, eat
It's a beautiful day in Nashville! Hope it's nice where you are too!
A day in the office without my glasses...
The weather outside is horrible!
RT : Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.....real shit
At Murphy's Pub
she didn't get much time but she better stick to taking pics. I didn't know about the date of the Lennon pic
happy birthday!!
I just updated my story on #Quizazz so please go check it out!!!!!! Thanks!!!!!
FYI Revenge is one of my fav shows and you're ridiculously good on it!
Hanging with Frenchie Davis at the GLEH Garden Party!
Merry Sammas to all! ()
Just finished the 3rd book in my series. On to the 4th and final one. These books are #AMAZING (:
thank you both for fielding :)
Comfortable Stay in Kauai Resorts | Minister Blog
So last night was real. really went home.. I knew they didn't need to use #thesave last week. But God has better plans for him.
k f u like do i know u
Finally done training...time to start gettin money!
Whoever wrote Badger Herald SO 948 about me (or any Brandon on Campus), that is a cruel joke I am not cute...I'm more of a handsome.
That awkward moment where you're watching a butter commercial and wonder where's Paula Deen
Your words hurt, you know.
Need Brain food?..try Chicken or Eggs. Both contain good amounts of choline which has proven to help cognitive function! POW!
so bummed i couldn't be there for the portland show :(((((
It's that time! Tune your dials to to check out Chef as he competes on Around the World in #80plates Go John!
Please follow me!!! :D
Smh my white chocolate dropped the ball now she's just white lol
Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters.
Me too! Also on my to do list for today.
The restaurant I work at is thee best we had so many reservations today! If your ever in the area u must come and eat at
iJento and Semphonic Partner to Deliver Digital and Multichannel Analytical ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Great to hear! Thanks for the feedback!
Why is it so hard to fall asleep tonight? Hm....
you get the pleasure of my charming company and incredible wit, rarely seen west of Old Blighty
so maybe that was harsh. but I AIN MEAN IT LIKE THAT!
That is dedication! What's your loose leaf go-to at the moment?
Oh my- admittedly jealous....looks incredibly comfy!
Waking up to your beautiful face every morning would be such a blessing.
No downloading new joint #ChurchClothes..."Radio Needs This" kanye voice!!
good try..just cause they tossed ur shit dallas twice
have fun! C-ya in Cincy.
at least I know u care about me
Ba Ba Ba Benny and the Jets.
Not gonna lie - definitely stood up out of my chair when that ball left Braun's bat!
A massive capitalization-induced exodus from SD? Damn you and your high standards!
Your welcome! #JoelLanders stick together! :)
aww thanks :-p
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Freedom to be the most creative you can possible be.
- thanks Tony...such fun having a 16-month-old guru. :-)
Just checked the write up about and looked at their website too. I will have to stop by that place someday.
Don't fuck with me. I ate Cookie Crisp for breakfast today, motherfuckers.
I will grade online DO NOT PRINT
I hope you are well! Have a fabulous night! <3
for reals? “: Wow they charge a buck just go into the airport circle now.”
when will you be announcing your presidential campaign?
Thanks for the Retweet Nice to meet you I'm glad we share similar interests.
surprise, surprise
I already lost one of the AZ pins. Need to figure out a better place to stick them.
Love life, and life will love you back. :)
you're just embarrassed I called you on a bad tweet. It's ok. Hate on
I've spied 6 state Senators including
LET'S GO #BRUINS!
If you figure that out, let me know. The words that come to my mind are "Traffic Nightmare".....
Nice relaxing night with a few of the girls :)
hey when is the last day to get a year book?
Also... the hood is something you're suppose to rise up out of.... not try to imitate.
I'm on board anytime there's a discussion about education being had.
I get insanely tired every day at the exact same time. Sorry Chintan
I was a wrestlemania
Funny and you are right. I am still trying to figure it out for myself.
Anyone heading to the ball park this weekend?
Mary Kate or Ashley?
bro he try talking to me with this bull shit saying he missed me you know what i said bruh ? cool story.
it most certainly is! the other two styles are gorgeous as well.
I can't believe I've never seen one!
RT What strengths? Dog training? || Dog tenderizing?
Don't waste money on #Apple 's slave-labor made, overpriced crap. They are an evil corporation just like the rest; don't be fooled.
tweeted me back (': oh my <3
You're welcome. Good campaign!
I leave in the desert where u girls @
For Revolutionary Carpet Cleaning And Water Damage Extraction, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale and Boca Raton Residents Call at 866-970-2532
how do you explain girls that love cars?
Happy St. Paddy's to you all! Erin Go Bragh! Stop thru for the ultimate in Oysters, Beer and our already world famous Jameson Clover Crush!
I have to settle for beer in the basement -_- #whenwillitend I want to live like Benba for just 24 hours!!!!
Some towns are trying to make it illegal to do hands free talking. Pain in the ass.
Thanks. Mayor Bieter used these photos as a fun kick-off to his SOC address. All in fun. No hacking.
alright, sent. Might not want to open until your not around youngins
I am looking forward to tomorrow's #GW2 for a lot of reasons, but numero uno is getting to decide a class: necro, mesmer, or elementalist
Man That Was A Shitty Ass Pick Pats...
Can't wait til my dad buys me a poster :D
Looks like our editing touch ups are done! Now to tweak the music & do the final mix!! The goal is screening party in Jan of Hell's Belles!
Yeah, I'd rather see Jessica leave, honestly, but I don't think she will at all. I'd rather see Phillip and Josh, final 2.
Finally gave my Mix 10 presentation to the company , it went well - even the die-hard Flashers were impressed!
It's To Nice Outside Today To Be Inside Arguing With Somebody
Stoked for prom with my elf-girlfriend :)
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY!! ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY DEBUT.... NO INVITATION REQUIRED
Hanging With Cool Kids XD
get out the way Harden!!!
We live online today w Paul Jr & Rachel Teutul, talking life & relationships w & centralonline.tv
I didn't do it #yeahhbuddyy :)
BitchYou wasn't with me making noodles in the kitchen! *n my ross vc*
At a meeting with a bunch of people who straight run shit. Pretty nifty
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit. ~Alexandre Dumas...
Making notice you is like playing hide and seek in a 100 square foot mansion.
NFL here you come!
I havnt talked to in a loong time where she been at?
that team would be lucky to put the ball in the hoop one time...much less get a win
directed by that fabulous person you see in the mirror every day!
u were hilarious tonight!!! Best snl I've seen this year!
Glad I didn't go. I am always in a bad mood when they lose like that. Doesn't affect me as much on tv. Hm
One car crash has shut down 590 in both directions at Empire Blvd. Car hit pole, flipped. Driver taken to hospital
ritard: there's one in every family.
i think ur lying !
Five hours until the MLB2K12 giveaway on NWSports Tonight!
Watching "My Fair Wedding with David Tutera" whilst tipsy is always a bad idea.... I'm either put out or plotting
Direct msg me what #bartab bar you're at tonight and I'll send you a free $1 drink!
what if it gets stuck around the guys Wang? Comes out with a bracelet on it.
Knowing I always have my two best friends no matter what's going on >>>>
Sheet shopping an can not decide on a color- what say you, twitter? Green tea or teal?
#EarthDay is April 22, Jacksonville will celebrate it on Saturday. What are you doing to do to celebrate
what pick?...#JacobyJones from lane..
Industry folk, come in tonight and 25 % off your entire check, no exceptions!!
This is a global leaderful movement with many communities
Communities of color have decent people living there. We are tried of being a dumping ground for unpopular programs or facilities.
I feel like I just drank a cobweb.
Thanks for the support!
What's the best shoe to wear with a flared jean? Any suggestions?
Don't forget Haiti. The acute medical evacuations need to resume IMMEDIATELY, and they still need A LOT of assistance.
it is a good morning, even if there are flash flood warnings threw out San Antonio today :3
Spring is just around the corner! Is anyone planning any fun trips? How do you plan to incorporate fitness into your vacation?
haha I like this one!
Wat up top city!
why in the fuck are u rt like go get A LIFE YOYO BITCH
- Long time no talk. Give me a call laterz.
in my opinion taio cruz deserves best new artist at vma's
Sick, no school for me! My brother and I are both sick so I'm thinking it's a movie day!!!
Do you ever get out to the Gorge area? Like Hood River? I miss that area sometimes...
What a comeback! So much for Lawler's Law.
- When has Shane ever been stopped?
It was much more difficult to find natural peanut butter then
Ft.bliss traffic a whole nother animal I swear
I hear what you're saying but, it's the very end of middle school why not end it with a bold statement and rock a red dress?
Piling on: Laynce Nix says it's possible he will go on the DL. Calf is worse. -- Matt Gelb ()
Oh, and my 3 year old daughter LOVES #Super8, too!! {{HUGS}}
How's the flavor? Natural?
brent @ my twitter name .com
Thanks Tonya - I will check it out and repost with an updated link
hahaha, i instantly thought about you :)
Gradventure was so crazy loved it !
Is it too late to wish a Happy Birthday? I was hoping run into her and wish her in-person at tonight's screening. Happy Birthday!
LOVE THIS ANSWER... I knew you were smart, but this confirms it... :)
!! RT Tripping balls makes you Nostradamus RT WAS GOING TO LIVE TWEET THE GAME, BUT JUST CHALK UP A 3-1 MARINERS WIN
'morning friends. in the midst of a crazy week of production. getting so much good material but tired tired tired....
Who needs guestlist for this weekend?
SAME. I have heard several rumors. Yet to be confirmed, but still...I cried.
I'm a sucker for interactive maps with plotted data points...
Great dinner party last night. Hosted by from :)
How do you listen to and/or discover new music? Spotify? iTunes? YouTube?
I can't even damn sleep for some reason..& i keep thinking about french toast..
I haven't heard from u....
Everything is going well buddy
LOL. Then what would I do? Play ping pong?
Everyday is EARTH DAY at ! We will recycle your old Macs/PCs, hard drives, cell phones, iPods/iPhones or small electronics 4 free
O'Charley's again tonight...
Three more likes...please. Like #700 gets a free trip to Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Frank Martin will be South Carolina's next men's basketball coach! #GamecockNation is ready!
glad to be of service!
Thanks for the RT. Cheers for a great weekend!
Running has the power to change your life. It will make you fitter, healthier, even happier. -Selene Yeager
Madness at THe Cat last night...back to bed
Hmm, I feel like there's just something different about you..
true...but i think ull never lose it..
Ha ... You are correct. Hadn't heard of that one.
hey when will you and me skype?? DM's please!! :)
Chasing love is a dangerous chase, True love don't have to be chased...Love meets and agrees.
I want to say I miss you. But it wouldn’t change anything so I’ll just keep on pretending I don’t.
do you hate vonte leach since he played for the packers?
A cover on a cover: The new has the most incredible use of Born in the U.S.A.'s red hat in blue jeans. Plus Romney. So rad.
Well you texted me after I said what's up, you responded "smoking weed"...
nice profile, i like YOUR longboard!
RT if you love your fans <3 :)
Done work ...pinterest then a nice long nap!
trying p90x. i hear it's like a cult. any thoughts?
Thor Hansen has started his treatment in Norway. He is getting the exact same treatment as his doctor recommended here in the US.
George Zimmerman speaks in court right now "I am Sorry" he says
So excited to get in a week of runs beachside. Hopefully, the dolphins will hang out w/ me as I run.
Please urge your buddy to narrow the scope of #SOPA. Dont kill Cal. innovation, entrepreneurship a lazy Hollywood.
installing a server in Valdosta!
don't worry it was just lit and I had math also but That's it no worries
man that lowbuget 2dollar titty ass stripper she is lucky she blocked me i was about to go #teamscalin on her ctfu
my god u look good we should go out some time
Thank you! =)
hopefully my babe comes over after :) I miss that lil fagget already<3
Done with online PE forever
I've never met her never noticed/Tw'ed/RT'ed me, doesn't no I exist, but I will always support him, and always be a MAHOMIE<3
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is the Varsity Movie this weekend! Thanks !
Enormous thanks to all our supporters today!!!!
traffic in #NYC is the worst!! Any event for you tonight??
Don't even care about the table breakin'! We just wanna have a laugh ;)
congratz future wife of Harry Styles :'D <3
Im sorry I was virtually stalking you purely by accident, ""wings" that turned out to be pigeon" WTF?!?!?
loving the sight seeing, but keep getting distracted by the impending awesomeness! #can't wait
Only a few days left to take advantage of 50% off for crawl packages! Do you want your big data or not??
I'm the biggest dick to my mom.
This sex offender registry is pretty insane. I mean, comeon, who asks for a $500 Dyson vacuum?
14 more days till my birthday! 14 more days till my studio project is due! YEY! sigh.
id in invite you to come play super mario with me and my crazy cats but you probably are very far from me lol
"One gram of weed here is 20 dollars but in Colombia, it's only 2!"
I know they have a Pac holagram. We need a holagram for Screw,Moe,Big Steve,Hawk,P.A.T,AND PIMP.
you guys are pretty good, we'd love to feature you guys on our website :)
My #promise 2012 is to make people challenge themselves, motivate, and ignite positivity in others :-)
Opt for a luminous finish. Shimmery blush looks great on everyone. Try powder for normal to oily skin & creamy on normal to dry skin.
I got your back.
Hee. I think I'm going to spring for it soon :-) Also, happy belated bday!
Oh... just a few hours till the beautiful, new Vons opens. I can't wait! If you see me there, be sure to say hi!
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
The highlight of 1Ds performance was Zayn poking Harry's face. I love them so much.
I once had Alison from ANTM as a waitress once. I got my own drinks at the bar.
Nice job
After careful, laborious consideration, the Orioles have decided to make an attractive offer to Edwin Jackson in the...what? He did? #!$%!#
Katie finally converted me so I can tweet about Gavin's new song!! I love
no problem:)
lucky you!;)
Watching the fight wit the family GO MONEY TEAM
Who wants to chat with me ????
OMG CONGRATS u should def bring back some babies!
Finally tried Kombucha Tea & understand what all the hype is about!
...Also before anyone starts hating. Its a joke. Sorta.
So James won MVP. Is is Most visited pu$$i.. Lmao
Am I the only one that thinks Forrest Gump is sad?! Lmao.
Easter dinner is not complete without heated political discussion.
When will U-Verse be available in the Pacific Northwest?
It was pretty chaotic after the ceremony, especially next to the bar. No worries!
I go to the gym. The Boy goes to Gymboree.
If there was a rule in life that stated "you may only use an excuse one time!" That rule alone would power up everyone's imagination.
Me & my sister are jamming out to Climax. <3 (':
I want to leave this country (America) now and just go somewhere else for a while. How's Italy sound ? or Englad? or Ireland?
Thanks..I was not sure where I was suppose to go..
thats a good idea, thanks. PS our efforts have paid off, thats all I can say right now
Helpful Tip for the kids bathroom! Provide a trash bin in the bathroom so the toilet isn't used as a garbage can.
A4: Clear skies
- Thanks for the shout-outs!
Just because your decorate homes for a living, it doesn't mean you have to work from one. no office=no legitimacy.
Well please tell me what his username is. I, for one, would like to follow him. 🐶💙
What's everyone's favorite song off the new album so far?
woodley park or dupont, with a bit of walking!
Riding this drunk down to chicago. BABY
my parents aren't home either lol
2days Aussie walk. Went by BeeGees childhood home. Its 4 sale. Going back to offer 2 trade my 92120 rental-where Hendrix slept. Back me up.
I was right on with my blowout for most of last night, until NBA-magnetism struck and the Bucks made it a close one.
May Fri.21 - Sat.22 LIVE - THE TODD MARCUS QUARTET - 9pm & 11pm sets. Purchase online tickets at www.TwinsJazz.com !
RT : HEALTHY TAKEOUT: Panda Express Mushroom Chicken contains just 220 calories & 13 g fat!
when we "skip" practice we are rlly there but we are just so darn good they can't see us(:
Young Writers: Check out , Billy Lombardo's global poetic collaboration. What does it mean to be young? Tweet us.
It's lying to you. Also, I'm coming to visit tomorrow! Looking forward to seeing your pretty face!...and Peggy, of course.
Denver and the OKC OT!!
Thanks for saying good luck every time you saw me today.
Happy Birthday Beckett. :)
I wanna see this
didn't get a chance to ask primetime about pilar
Bored ass hell and can't sleep
LOL. Mexican baby lobsters. Succulent...
nun sorry about replying all late all he time, this app I use is #SHIT lol
"409 Conflict", people. She's a bacon-saver.
lol not gonna happy celtics not sweeping dem so u owe me 50 ur cable gettin cut off bro
Today is Dictionary Day! To celebrate we are pouring wines with names that mean something else. See you at 11am. - Bethann
thanks dude :)
I don't have A/C either, just ++ trees. They're supposed to talk @ st. bugs on 5 PM news(wJAC)today(mostly just seal openings).
Bad move on Harper's part?
Thanks to everyone who came to my Sweet 16 I had an amazing time and I wouldn't trade it for the world!!!! :P
I'd be perfectly happy with either one. ;^)
also I have Kansas on my bracket.
Some people will say anything to get what they want
This issue needs to be addressed or I'm going to explode on you.
March starts at 5:30, so I'm conserving my phone battery till then - call me if you need me.
started watching the 360 battle, was he the drummer from Blink 182? Only made it through your first round, good stuff so far.
Thanks to for meeting today and allowing me to be apart of his FCA small group. Enjoy our friendship and catching up
just saying hello... hope all is well!
That was a great talk tonight #MicrosoftBI. Would be fun to connect when you're back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE HOPE ITS THE BEST ONE YET! YOUR SWAG LOVES YOU :') <3
" ima big dog, big bite, lil bark boy ..call of duty guns uh put that scraper rite n park boy
Its only 8 points ... why y'all mad? It's the Lakers they always come back lol I just like talking shit lol
A possibility, I wish there was an app to keep all of my social networking sites together on one page
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
WTF are you tagging me with this stupid shit for?
We know we've been quiet lately... but promise we've been working! Good things on the near horizon.
I was melonhead, haha. Not anymore though. When you become 6'3" and 205 with broad shoulders, the head doesn't look big, haha.
Nw The Game
total #snuggle weather !!
You should date me because YOLO.
I frequently find myself choosing between coffee and ice cream. It always seems like too much to have both.
