Sometime I feel like I am so average in my achievements. So many others can see things in me that I cannot see myself. Just 1 of those day
What could $102,000,000 do for kids programs? What can YOU really do for NYC borrows? Be creative - don't cut kid's futures
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
That awkward moment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on.
Fuck tht btch. She turn off her fone n expect my ass to wake up extra early to catch the bus to her house. Get tf outta here
The princess Diana thing wS really cool
The gift of serenity
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter ~ Martin Luther King Jr
Oscar viewing parties gaining momentum this year, serious coverage before, during, after make more valued asset for brands
Double-RTing yourself has to break some sort of unwritten Twitter rule.
Well this will do nothing to quiet those that thought the perfect game by Phil Humber was a fluke.
lol sorry bub, I'm not French
I guess it may help.. but I don't understand what my issue is. I pray about it.. I talk about it.. and yet I just can't get it together.
“Modern music is as dangerous as cocaine” (Pietro Mascaqni)
Going for a run for the first time since August.
Need to get my college clothes for friday...always unprepared.
How many vodka sots have you had?
I'm worried about in his grief cave. Will he emerge before next season?
It depends nmn sa tao e. A friend, I'll let him know first coz I know single xa.
thanks for following, im actually looking for singers/songwriters right now to work with.
Congratulations! Here's to the next 410!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs. There's nothing like it.
You need to be following Nicole Williams author of the new book "Girl on Top" she rocks!
yeah i did but... i didnt think about that haha
Could use a good talk with right now.
M breakfast the best meal of the day... :)
I was just about to hit J about that... Couldn't remember the name. Thanks Champ! #trainhard 😊👊💢
First attempt at Frito pie, didn't work, 7/11 ran out of chilli. Still better than most of my childhood.
When ur in a group to work together and nobody does anything. Then there's that one btch who criticizes you on everything you do.
Shaped, cut, same shit.
Dustin, its good to have you back in Texas!
I'm doing just fine, suga lips!
Because I'm in such a good mood ^_^
If I'm not following u and u want a follow back, just ask (:
me too!
Working on the new website as King of Peace gets added to more radio stations each day! God is good!
Strapping young lad from Dallas, Tx, Proficient in language of G.O.L.F., Handicap 0, creative and competitive
OakIvy, LLC is a publisher/distributor of fiction books. If ur a lit agent or writer looking to publish query us at
Happy 91st birthday to legend Ray Bradbury.
Have I mentioned how much I absolutely loathe law school, and I'm not even in it?
The best way to predict the future is to create it
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!\
The Force is with you.
like it, love it...got it at Ross
This is great - you did such an awesome job! you are one of my fave directors!
Everyone download the song #GLADYOUCAME from
THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR in a wild bar hop through the 1930s will open June 15th for a six week run
wish i could just work from home
Hot 100 and fight weekend! Let's go!
RT IF YOU FROM THE BURGH
The battlefield of the IDF's culture war: Jewish identity - Haaretz
Brilliant artwork!
no bother. just have to follow the twitter account
Question: When was your first massage treatment?
I disagree. There's a civility to the apology that is less about fault than simple politeness and connection.
just got home :) you?
I'll be in Austin next week for Affiliate Summit Central & ShareASale Think Tank. How about after your event, the week of 28th?
Decently Funny #105 - Live from Reality Rally
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
I love it when the rain ruins my plans to go lay in my driveway and look at the sky.
story of my life.. hahahaha
like changing shirts, making dinner, and spilling all over my shirt?
I'm craving some baked macaroni and cheese !
#dsoc #sla2011 arrived in Philly had lunch at Reading Market, picked up regis mats. Got my verizon modem turned on. Let the "games" begin!
I remember cartoons and cereal on Saturday mornings
Just saw this sign: Moms eat free on Mother's Day at Hooters.
Feature Fragrance Friday! What's your Black Friday scent?
Puttin up CHRISTmas decorations... It's that time again
PLease guys help me get 500 followers!!! I want to follow more but but first i need more followers!! Can y'all give me shoutouts please?
Cael Sanderson wins a spot on the 2011 world team....
they'll sing at random haha
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
i knew you lived in Texas its just that she bully's me alot and she tries to intimidate me so I just wanted 2 prove her wrong
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: over turned vehicle Northbound I35 at Onion Creek causing traffic delays for about 1/2 mile
Getting some work done at Borders and got caught up in a local theater production. I need an office.
#phdadvice Write every day - 500, 750, 1k words. Adds up quickly & writing is thinking
I'm done wit nuebela welling and breen
Congrats on your bro being drafted tonight!!!!!!!!!
Wendy's just gets better and better!
Life should never have an intermission- download- InSpotter mobile app
UW police Chief Susan Riseling says 41 22 calibre long rifle hollow points found on concrete areas near Capitol doors.
I found the music to be incredible at the ASCAP Music Cafe here at
Had an awesome meeting yesterday. 5 new attendees came out! LP Atlanta's getting ready to bring the pain in 2010.
Right there with you. Obama "allowed" "capital too much power" after 2008. Yep, right there with you.
are you shocked by that amount? That is the going rate better not fall apart this year
is a funny dude! follow him
Now go back home to Maryland where you were born and raised, Yankee fans.
Heard a lot of talk about getting up early......first one's on me before 7am.
S/O TO ALL MY FELLOW AQUARIANS
Congrats on your new ! Looks very classy!
Why do smart people fall for pyramid schemes?
I had THEE most detailed beautiful dream with you last night! Its a whole story!
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Two more tweets till my 1,000
Great cover story! Love the subject, Milwaukee is kinda the "Green" trendsetter, who knew?!
I love you & miss u. I'll tell her xoxo . Check yur DM
Commiserating with members of my reviewing staff about Beasties shows we saw. I should go to bed.
But I thought you liked snuggling.
I enjoy the train wreck that ensues when people have to sing multiple names in the birthday song.
How do I become a Chicagoland carrier for Becker?
ROTFL The Weather Channel says you should keep your children & pets in during the hurricane. Good idea!.
Holy crap. I just discovered dill pickle flavored popcorn.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 4: "I'd like to see how your model works and may be interested in a future project"
Rebounding is a problem for Hylanders.
wait I'm lost who down the street?
: #82 just dropped a pass for a first down. Terrible.
Web414 is looking for additional ideas and resources on Responsive Web Design for Feb meetup. Please, reply with suggestions.
TM's file naming and file saving location configuration feature gives the user many options and a lot of flexibility.
Just woke up from the best nap.
~ Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~ Patanjali
Very exciting news! Norton's free Family Online Safety Guide is now available, in small quant, in Spanish!
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.- Muhammad Ali
: This is really impressive sir. Nice work… Really nice work.
#AWD students: don't forget we're meeting in 422 Holmes today and Wed.
Nothing's more appropriate for Instagram's nostalgic lens than a shot of the space shuttle flying to D.C.
you are great- wondering if you could follow back my account-trying to build it up!-tnx
If there is one basic element in our Constitution, it is civilian control of the military.
#truthis I've never liked you.
NEWS ALERT: At least 2 people dead after explosion in Moscow's Domodedovo airport via
Best of luck to and his beautiful bride to be today! Thinking of and so happy for you both.
Ask SCORE: Follow Doug’s lead and specialize
Hi Sherri - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! Your blog looks great!
Next Show: Wed May 25, Renfield's Corner, Dallas, Tx 9pm
that awkward moment when jackie and kelso make the same movie with different people.
RT : Fertilizer is what's wrong with us too. We pollute our water just to have greener grass.
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage, he's dropping elbows on angels now
Klinsmann wants attacking play
Faded , faded , faded .
“Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.”
How's the Swiss International Congress on Anti Aging Medicine & Surgery? Is Geneva as beautiful as I imagine?
our room is sparkling its so clean....lol jk
np. How have the birds been liking the moths?
Haha you're welcome.
The horror. The horror.
really? oh sorry! & now? :3.
Anytime mate. You'll be getting an email from me over the weekend. I'm pumped about it!
Food Truck Friday with & Thanks !
oh YOU fancy huh?! lol
Looks like 2012 is going to bring some fun concessions!!!!!!! Let us know if you have an event that needs food or treats!
How about a blog post on MS Access?
Home sick. :/
Agreed. Now I remember why I quit going to this place.
got me extra crunk this morning. I can't wait for the New Edition concert.
4 days until DC! Have you posted your ideas for afternoon sessions on the blog yet? Do it tonight and get some feedback
Here we go yo, here we go yo, so what's, so what's, so what's the Linario?
save ur hater talk til we meet up w yall. then go hide under your covers til your ass stops hurtin
Accepting all applications for the ZDU (zombie defense unit) now! Apply through direct message or mention me in a tweet...
Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover! thanks for shout out
who's tryna get tatt'd today??
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
#Twitter is a pice of shit :P
The awkward moment when you're waiting for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
hey Teddy, hey!!!
"There's a lot of low-hanging fruit for marketers to make the inbox experience better"
call me back
Essential oils are ok if you are using them for a hot oil treatment and going to shampoo the hair and scalp afterwards.
Isaac Lane has signed with Miami Dade College!!
I accidentally all the mango salsa.
Happy Birthday ! Have a blessed day :)
Blah, gotta get ready soon;
Aw Kyle isn't working at Sonic today.
Of course. They seem pretty limited in the broadband case, though.
Excited to go visit a friend in D.C. in a week! Haven't been in a few years, what should I see/eat?
is playing this Wednesday at Mercy Lounge with DeRobert and the Half Truths with D-Funk spinning funk and soul....only 5 bucks!
wow indeed. I'll certainly try to make that.
Sometimes I feel like people only wanna come to my house to get food -_-
Food is making me sleeeeeppyy
So should we just start calling them "Victoria's Secret Service" now or what?
Driving back to Columbus today. Mixed feelings. I love my city but by god, I hate the north. I already miss everyone.
I hate time machine but love it because it's saved my rear before.. .If i didn't need daily backups i'd a quick cloner or rsync :(
happy 327th birthday bach!!
well if it's not too cold a little rain doesn't hurt anybody ;)
Last week of classes. Getting my summer book pile in shape. Dialectic of Enlightenment, here I come.
agreed! And thanks!
RT My favourite Celine Dion song is the one where it's muted all the way through.
The best time to do something worthwhile is between yesterday and tomorrow.
Once-white socks Wash up daily Against the sofa's legs Like driftwood Around the stilt legs Of a beach house
Who came out to the event last night? What did you think of our Spa??
How do you not like JaVale McGee?
Either my phone ain't getting texts or someone sent out a memo not to text me back today. I'm leaning more towards the second one.
Tune in to All Things Considered with , at 4p on
Idk y but ii love this song.!
time to head back to the west coast
I love hearing non-xmu content on the station. I keep hoping for the weekend you allow listeners to take over.
Listening to my bro's road rage. Talking bout some fat lady!
Doing laundry and catching up on the DVR
oh I know right!!!!
Cool! I like the photo... sent you email about meeting tomorrow....
lunch has been cancelled due to a lack of motivation...deal with it
Yeah, I got that text too. I thought it was just to pay, we'll find out I guess.
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp on the fact that you are not fair... so please quit teaching me that lesson.
name the piglets porkchop and bacon bit :)
If u are in the huddle and one of your teamates had a booger in the cornerof his nose would u tellem
Insane. But such is the life of a writer. Keep me up on your novel. I want to read/review! Excited for you!
try Nashville to Illinois.
Do you know what the mafia is?!
Thank you so much! ;o)
Celebrate Oreo Cookie's 100th Birthday!
First full day of spring training was a success. Now all I gotta do is memorize 160 players' names so I know who I'm talking with...
Great win by our team today over Cal State Fullerton. The youngsters grew up some more this game. Proud of all 12 guys dressed out today.
i don't think i've ever seen it fly by so quickly, was hard to keep up with everything. makes for a fun day! i'm ready for Rox!
No. Federal judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate before taking their place on the bench.
Im a season tix holder so Ill wave to you...lol...or maybe we can tailgate!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
If I have my Algebra 1 EOC today <<<<<
u just killed it! You looked like you were having so much fun !! Highlight of my day!
if #google did actors, Stephen Seagal would be the result
is your laptop getting Internet? Hopefully!
Do not seek praise. Seek criticism. -Paul Arden
Write on, brother!
RT : Chapman is so dirty.
#Backwheniwasayoungin i could be anyone i wanted to be
why we have a crib in our attack is beyond me. More kids will definitely not be happening.
what do you mean "in the full LGBT description"?
haha. That low battery beep will haunt my dreams forever. I heard that beep more than my actual ringer.
Three years. 18 credits/year costs same as 13. Saved year of tuition by getting done faster.
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB !!!!!
Wow I do read a lotta men...More women writers in 2012.
I was on meds for that last month. They messed me up
Alex please follow me ? :) <3 that's my one and only dream .
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : Hey, you know what sucks? IRISH MUSIC.
RT : Our vision: helping brands unlock the passion of their customers
They came out with a now 42... That's fucked up
I can imagine! Have to try it at least for that... #thaimex in
70 parents and 500 students later...hello, laryngitis! I had an amazing time getting it though ;)
(jen) Really slow connection at the cafe this morning. Hope my upload doesn't time out!
How the fuk is it tj, tj already has a twitter account
tommy got a kid...but ill shoot you in the face andre
MT grantee of the day:'s ArtSmarts prog. sends museum educators to participating Richmond pub schs each wk.
NO NO NO NO NO
You're the weakest kid I know.
Imagination is more important than knowledge
he is! I talked 2 him last night. I'm really exited 2 work w/him, party w/you guys & live in the wind city, we gonna have fun!
do you actually know the rules or are you just trained to say "the refs made the right call"?
let's do it
toy hell at
So glad you, & enjoyed photo booth! :)
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
Bernal Heights with the yellow moon over it looks fake tonight. Wow.
(cont) Grafton says humanists "are marginalized in academic life unless they adopt a kind of parody of the scientific method" (cont)
Daaa Bills. We got a better wildcat than the NY Jets now
still have paychecks to cash and shit
Hopefully today is better then yesterday
me too!!! Thats most definitely a key for me to getting through those busy ass days ;))
This is terrible....at least I'm partially doing my sociology homework. Kinda.
Are you really Gonna be in Philly tonight performing??
Happy Valentine's day to all our friends!
My bed and I have a great relationship, we sleep together every night. (;
Woodlake area without power
Shit, just got real !
I tried doing you're clap and you said "there's no going back." Haha.
Finishing LITTLE BRAT shooting schedule. So sleepy...
LET'S GO NC STATE! still proud of my alma mater. Helluva game. Now let's go CARDS and Kansas, beat UNC!
Happy to have tax day over!
Thanks! I submitted a quote on your site.
good luck!
We can finish in last place with out Hoyer!
I had something in my eye. Went in the bathroom to look. It was a dog hair! They get everywhere.
breathtaking display of guitar playing. Cuban band a very tasty condiment that did not overwhelm main course
“: Zubrus on the ice now...” he'd be good at soccer.
What the hell kind of organization doesn't have Chris Shelton as an available topic? Step up your game,
are you looking for local neighbors or can virtual neighbors join the block?!
Watching "2012 NFL Draft" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
": She makes it through the entire video of "2 girls 1 cup" #ShesAKeeper" nope
Hansen camp huge sigh of relief with No. 14. (inadvertently tweeted 13 previously)
Looks like this season will be a goodie (from what I've seen)
End of next week. RT : good to see you Fred, hope to see you in #TheLabNYC soon!
Please tweet me<333333333 i am such a huge supporter, i have been for 3 years and i always will be<333333 :)
its 11:11 :) i made my wish
To you too! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Im a loser because I don't answer my phone. -_-
are you from Carolina?
It feels good to have victory Monday again
Man wtf wings you're sloppy out there!
It's good to be back in the swing of Wednesday night trivia with
yes you do:)!
follow me plz and can u and mb come to newark to perform plz... Tweet back
Nearly 50 salvations so far in 2012 // Jesus reigns at UNCC // 1st Summer Service: June 22&23 (RISE Conference) see u then!
Dear budget rental cars. If a customer has a 6:00 confirmed rental you probably shouldnt close before he gets there 5 mins till
why does my phone run away from me sometimes? Phone, please come back. I promise to be nicer and keep you charged up. Just come home, phone!
We did alright for a couple of ladies of a certain age (although I'm much, MUCH older than Wanda...) :)
Harley Davidson: "We fulfill dreams through motorcycling by providing an expanding line of motorcycles and branded products and services."
alright man, I'm ready when you are.
Kung Fu looks so awesome on camera!
she really wants it
haha sorry :( my screen must be super dim because it looks okay to me! guess I may have to change it, boo hoo.
Would you email me whenever you can? I have some follow-up questions to my HuffPo article.
Boo you whore
I clicked on the link expecting to see #DonaldTrump oh well
My foot hurts today ...
There is free coffee in the back of the Jones room
Still looking for a #MovableType consultant to hire for MT version upgrade, templates, plugins, etc. No hurry, but will do when find help.
It's right around the corner :) I can't wait for you to hear it, we put everything into this album <3
She shot the bullet that ended that life
God - he stole the handle - no way to slow down........
Good morning Monika... is that a wild lilac bush?
Ill do everything in my power to get you a hug from someone that matters that night or at least at one of the shows.
Follow Back
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there ! 💜💙💗💚💛
the Jets need to draw up some plays that intentionally begin with Sanchez flat on his back.
Fresh off work, time to sleep before music .. Low Key tired of Life !
and Roger and Me
Lol.... no unfortunately not! :)
What can I say? I am so philosophical! haha.
Good morning all... Hope you all have a great day :-)
Paul Sherwen said Byron, CA is a beautifully little town. lol
“: I'm done with you. turned you against me. F Yall. Lol” oh shut up lol..
RT : Look at this little Rock Star ( ) but he turned down my cupcake:( /u can place that cupcake on my desk
biting his nails in this squeaker of a Big East game against Pitt!
#Unity = #Power our presence is best felt together!
you are a very talented & gifted rapper I wish to be like you someday, you inspire me to continue rapping thank you Busta! :)
Tomorrow marks Dr Julie's last day @ Levine Dental. We wish you the best in your new endeavors and we thank you for being part of our team!
query: How to Burn Calories While You Sit? Should I unsubscribe since I'm a publicist and not a fairy godmother?!
Freak hot Winter day - Our neighbor's harley rumbles His prostate healing
You and should come over for cookies some time!
RT : I'm sorry! I'm sure it will be okay :/
you're a coach!
that's so sweet!!!
Yes, yes we do! :] I'll look forward to finally meeting you! :]
TRUTH in LIFE RT : I don't get the obsession with yelling Free (insert name) when they are locked up for committing a crime
A guy's biggest mistake is giving another guy the chance to make "your" girl smile.
Me and last day of school today! We'll my official last day
#thingsthatmakemethinknastythoughts when someone spells "coming" "cumming"
my Dad used to not only repair those TVs, he built them from components.
im gonna write a song about bluejeans,(dont judge me! :p) will u sing it if i do?
Congrats!!! I don't know who is going to be president first someday, You or me? I vote you, so I can have you leftover decor
kk dance tonight<3 tap and technique.. i got this!
You - Lily Allen
awesome! What are your 4th of July weekend plans?
Just spent the last 2 hours hanging up corn in centerfield at Hadlock for the Sea Dogs Annual 'Field of Dreams' Game..this should be special
what's a lawn?
what is your response to allegations that you killed 5 hookers at SMU? I have never heard you specifically address them.
kiss thatdog for me!
im following
My mom was saying I should cut my hair when we were at lunch, but then the waitress interrupted us to say I look like Johnny Depp.
thanks! Yep always a busy week in
I do! Had this very conversation last week with a colleague from
Summers are here and we want new tees!!
Heat suck.
#U.S Capitol Historical Society symposium "Mary Lincoln vs. Congress" 6:30 p.m. Dirksen Senate Bldg. tomorrow.
thanks for following us! nice website!
is a sleepy bear. if i don't answer messages (or for that matter-my phone) for a while i apologize in advance... i'm hibernating.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow:/
i think my mom forget where she lives.
"I need something to soothe my mouth" "A penis?" -__-
. why, yes, it is! bring me sausages!!
Jake Peavy is from Alabama. If one gun runs out of bullets he has like 80 more.
Do I really look like I'm not white?? No..
So if you were on a deserted island, what one dessert would you want to have?
Okay, I know what "gormless" means, but WTF is "gorm," anyway?
Truth be told: I lost trust in someone.
Dinh: "Okay, maybe I'm wrong."
wow. Thats nice!
Yes, let's all write about Adam and Eve on the AP Bio test
I honestly haven't felt this down since I was living in CT. Wow. I really don't like this feeling.
Anyone aseen the new west suburban commercial? strict pro occupy wall street message. Will gladly be switching to chase this summer.
As requested! (I Tweeted you!) :-)
Been listenin to that new track all night
how are u doing boo?
Welcome to The Albuquerque Museum of Art and History. Stay tuned for news on exhibitions, events and special programs.
Are the extra "u's" because of my name? RT : I wuuuv you ;)
So gone say " i was combing my hair and i felt a baby dread lock. I got dreads ! " lmaooo 😭😂😭 i almost spit my food out!
but keep in mind the phones you buy off that site aren't going to be in great shape. They are affiliated with bestbuy.
Floating on my back beneath the stars and chemtrails, watching planes circle the Burbank airport. Ok, SoCal, you're a little awesome.
Tupac was cool, but I'm gonna need a full Biggie hologram concert!! make it happen!!
Danke! :) RT : Amazing again. Baby back ribs. Whiskey ice cream. Bacon brownies. Yum!
There's so much candy right now
Do you follow fans of your blog?
Wealth Tip: invest 5% of all earnings into yourself. Open a seperate bank acct & save 5% of each pay check. Make it apart of your budget
just considering our audience! But yes!!!
My dogs think my hands have one purpose... Pet me pet me pet me!!!!
- cargo shorts are just sloppy no matter who makes them. I'm not saying a pair of lee jeans does the trick either.
You're ever welcome with me anytime you like, let's drive to the countryside, leave behind some green-eyed look-alikes
Today life threw a curve ball... I will be using that ball to hit life right in the.........
put some icing on my twitter profile today. I need more in my everyday.
When do you change your prices? Whenever you want to!!! Love that. Applies to
mee too me too!
": Confirmed: Cap City Diner is closing." Very sad to hear.
Eating pickles at 230am???
Wildavsky "Mobility is empowering" free trade in minds
Honored to have you aboard Sir. Let me know if there is ever anything I can do for you, the troops, or our veterans.
that line's infamous.
also learn the facts before you bash th trade check jose campos stats other guy they got
I'm hiding in my closet with my two cats while I eat the marsh mellows in my lucky charms And feeding my cat cheese.
looks like the #EURUSD is bouncing off the 200 mva and head towards 1.36
Went to church with my mom i ate the cracker but put some cheese spread on it
looks like she robbed a Christmas tree.
1st trip back with #Xavier Buffalonians was Tim Hortons (exit 97 near Columbus) followed by Mighty Taco.
ik it's not ur face!!! And yes he is! But why does he have money on him?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HP TouchPad Custom Fit Case
I think we should start taking random english pope tweets and translate them to pirate via
because having a silly session looks like a lot of work
Sgood siddds hit me with a follow back nigh
Hey! I'm going to be in your area today around noon. Want to grab coffee? I'm around later in the day too.
New pipe inspection technologies include Laser Profile (for crack measurement) and pipe scan technology.
Lakers are done they going Home!!!
North Korea blames Yoko for the break-up.
I'm a Santa Monican. Aren't you a Venetian?
Ahaha You Watch Ur Mouth JACOB.. Lls Love You
GO RAMS AND BEAT THE CARDNIALS!!!
Happy Birthday Brad Marchand! <3
Watching recast of dedication of 'Reading Corner' brought to you by Staples on BNN.
I love being a Mahomie. The best feeling in the world is looking at Austin & seeing him smile<3
couldn't view iPod video.....
not sure I know what a tweetup is but a meetup sounds great. Might go to CSHA but I'm just slammed these days...
. I keep a credit card swiper in my backpack and charge $2.99/minute to talk. And yes, I'll do "adult chat".
Haha Cause When We Wake Up & Have To Get Our Beds Checked One Of Us gotta Know How To Spread It & Stuff. & I don't-__- lmao
Fingers crossed that there's a Green Jello reference coming next...
i love outlook 2010 quick steps, i love them so much i want to export them so that i don't have to recreate them ever again, anybody?
at least they'll lose that many playing the right way.
That was high!
Though I have Cerebral Palsy, 2 words are always in mind> KEEP GOING.
I just downloaded your new single I Want Somebody (Bitch About) and I love it! Just one more reason to love you!
Does anybody know of someone doing interesting Digital Humanities work in Cape Town, South Africa?
so this is kinda late but omg. those people at the game last night were stupid. ive never seen so many rude, unclassy people in my life.lol
Just bought the beach yoga groupon in Chicago....hopefully I like yoga! Lol
I have a crush on Kim Kardashian (:
“: One last statistic to cap off an unbelievable year: 41% of the #iubb roster earned a degree today.”
Rosen: "...about 15K to 17K will be going to the stadium to watch MLS". Are there even 15K soccer fans in the US? We're a rare breed.
It's a Tool kind of morning.
Six flags! Maybe haha
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
How would the black poverty and unemployment rate be if black "mega" churches were to put their resources together?
wat r u getting? Im gettin my first tattoo for my 18th birthday this year(:
last night was my leg, had pants on though! Im little concerned too but luck is how you look at the situation huh?!
Chicken Butt & free books for #headstart kids?! 2 and 4 pm - Session # 528 & 527, Governor’s Chamber A!
Look out, ur gonna get al 91 of those dudes followers on ur case.
hehehehe:) im posting 2cover videos on youtube...WATCH THEM!!!!!! please:)
“: Sometimes walking away is easier than just standing there and acting like it doesn't bother you.”.
that's a great song. I love that entire album though.
when did that drop. I didn't see it on the ghetto new york's best seller list
Now craving chocolate covered strawberries !
And thanks for the follow, beautiful.
3 more days. 3 more days. 3 more days.
Glad you are there to help Dallas Thank you for the follow!
Ok I sent you a message did ya get it?
Avon Street is closed, just south of Rockland Avenue due to heavy rain and constrution.
today I was feeling like (enough is enough) I like this one too!
where on the article does it say the student is gay? I saw this as classic bullying...
Hey guys! We go on at 8:30 tonight at And don't forget, it's free for 21 & up from 7-10 pm.
Sketchers to pay $45 Million for deceptive ad related to fitness shoes. Shape Downs.
I need summer to be as long as the school year
#austin dont forget about Family Day tomorrow!
It's all lies. Just like all the sunscreen that tells me it's non-greasy.
For Memorial Day Weekend please be safe and enjoy the comfort of our classic American cakes and brownies.
Cabin in the Woods is AWESOME! Everyone go see it next weekend. Thanks for getting that one in.
Abundance can be had simply by consciously receiving what already has been given. ~Sufi Saying
Good morn ladies Dude is back
Really looking forward to relaxing this weekend
OMFG that video was fucking good af ! I so think & nas should date now ! my life is slayed ah
RT : We’re so impressed with the #WFFConf12 attendees. Thanks to everyone it such a success. Safe travels home!
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you put something in the oven & then when you go check on it you realize you didnt even turn on the oven ! :/
when i go to your profile it says im already following you
follow me!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Attorney General offers free child support aid but be patient because each attorney handles 7000 cases.
My cat wont lemme sleep!!! Its almost 2 am... NOT PLAYTIME!!
What the whole world wants is a good job.
We were in Kentucky. Now in Tennessee. Georgia, we are coming for you next.
so obsessed.
Again with the Phillips batting cleanup thing.
While I think Titanic II is stupid, I doubt it will have the SAME ISSUES the original ship did. We aren't in 1912 anymore.
Off to First Thursday! (via ) look forward to seeing you! Aaron will be taking the stage at 6:30...
Rock on!
I'm starting to get real tired of this shit.
many thx to crew for your support of & young literati's book drop bash! sorry i was too shy to say hi.
u always make my day! :)
RT : Who wants a FREE one month membership for SEO, Backlinking, Traffic and Keywords Training...?? I'm giving a couple away!!
Sun bathing :)
Today 6:30 52nd oak free screening, reception discussion of Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: women who demanded peace in Liberia
Jimmy! Come get me! Wait, where's my flask?
when does csi miami return
Thanks for the save the date RTs everyone (2/11/10)! Hope to have our website up and running later today. Stay tuned!
wat u been up to latey
Yep back in Denver at 9news. What station are you at now? Are you still directing?
Responses mixed to news of sale
It is all around you, waiting to be taken in...
If your business takes phone calls, and you advertise online, you need KeyMetric: www.keymetric.net
Does anybody have an invite for they can float to me? Didn't think it would be hard to sign up!
Im n2 that headboard bashing, neck chocking, ass smacking, u shut the fuck up & better not make a sound while I'm killin that pussy
I see we've gone over 400 FB followers. Welcome and please join in!
Car Crafters makes sure that you receive confident repairs after your collision or timely maintenance when a part goes bad
The digital library is a horseless carriage--a transitional concept to something much faster and better.
WTF? I take a nap &... RT : AP confirms LA Times report: Would-be al-Qaida bomber was working for CIA and Saudi intel all along.
Many thanks to the NO RULES Book Club of south St. Pete for a lovely afternoon. We enjoyed great food & a lively discussion of BENT ROAD.
On the air 6:50. HA! I just put an empty milk carton back in my fridge. why I'm not allowed to make decisions until after coffee
GW Parkway Classic this morning. Go crew!!!
everywhere man. everywhere.
5:12 and it is almost dark!
Whos ready for mothers day ?
Thank you for great info on Merchant Circle!!!
same here! but if I go to highschool, I'll be going to a whole different school as ALL my friends :/
Designers are almost not even innovating anymore. Obsolescence forces this, yet still creating jobs/revenue at the same time
We want to tour with Who would come out?
Saw a mother at a gas station digging thru back of an SUV, 2 kids in car seat and she's smoking. At a gas station. Only in
Only three days left to get your pre-sale tickets for FC Brewfest!
All my dreams and all the lights mean Nothing without you- lana del ray "without you" seemed fit for a certain persons upset feeling :(
It depends on what type of YA you're going for. I do a lot of author sites. If you want to talk, let me know! Cheers!
retweet this if u from Kansas City!
We've won another round against #PIPA! 2 cosponsors ask to cancel cloture vote.Thanks to every1 who contacted their rep
Missed ASMP-SD Holiday party tonite due to postproduction. Hope you all had a great time. Happy Holidays.
. no one has ever seen Chris Collins and the Dowager Countess of Grantham in the same room. Coincidence?
Poets = really boring rappers
What happened to the value of human life? Stop the violence and senseless killing!
Chris Brown better win
#WhenABoyFightThey Always Pull Up There Pants And Take Off There Shirt
You've changed so much, I just want you to know that I will be here forever, regardless of how much you do.
Samsung Galaxy S I Announced: Eye-Tracking, Siri Feature
I cannot wait for this semester to be over with!!!!!!!!!!!! #pleasehurry !!!!
Ok now I can get crackin' on this Mass Effect 3 thing!!!
Completed my 3rd Kettle Bell Training last night... quad muscles very sore, and I out right admit I have NO ab muscles.
miss you more, WHERE have you been?? Let's get together this wkend!! Kisses, muahhh =)
Me and Brittnay-nay are thinking about making a YouTube channel...
"Remember pain is temporary, you can't go through life without it. You will never grasp your blessings if you give in to a little setback."
Hey thanks(:<333
Ya, thats fosho....Lets Set Some Thing Up... inbox me your number
n history and the deep connection that occurs in the presence of an artifact--'the very object'--that was touched and used by someone de ...
Makana is awesome!
Bad news for Mr. Kitty: He's got masses on his kidneys.
That's that shit I don't like
That last one was for you but I forgot to link it lol
Good Morning everyone, wish you all a great day !
Since you cant change the channel when two things are recording, I guess Ill just watch ABDC. Too lazy to go upstairs to watch the game.
yikes! yeah i'd say thats the best thing to do for sure!i've been doing yoga all week cause i hurt my back lol it's driving me nuts
June 6th. Beat that.
Love the Pic! Lmao look like a whole different nigga.. Ya lips look bigger now Lol! Just fucking with ya! Take care
So Moreno gets a DUI. Can the broncos just cut him already? He did nothing for us so far. #Know-show!
Perfect Game!!!
Student story had "breakfast pastries" in quotes. Makes me not want to eat at that restaurant for fear of finding out what they really are.
Its not delivery its digorno
OH: "I come from a long line of Jews."
yeah for the warmness, an ice latte sounds delicioso....thnx for planting the seed ;)
how sick...Harry Reid must go...
what up big bro. miss yall. be cool fam fam.
I have extremely limited usefulness. I can't help you pick someone up but can probably sometimes get you free Pinkberry.
please tell me I'll Have Another was named as an homage to the Omega House in Animal House
Is it me or is this week going by extremely slow?
I think June will be warmer than average. And her blog says "since Seattle is farther inland than Portland" What??
just noticed the expiration on my half & half was april 30. it still smells/tastes ok though?
your not the boss of me
Someone walk home from work with me tomorrow night. It's supposed to be 76! (and is too busy)
Someone just sent me an email asking that I call them on an urgent matter. I can't make this stuff up.
fml:/ I wanna go to toughman D:
can't DM if you don't follow but the answer to the question is onevsmany -at- gmail -dot- com
bacon the 13th
Q#44 Answer is...D!
Now I should get your tweets. Mobile was off.
Oh well, I'm not even gonna try to fix anything.
ah thanks x
I would buy the games through apple tv but all caps games are blacked out afaict
gerl whatevs. shouldn't you be studying for finals or something, mr. i needa be banned to study?! deathh
When life gives you lemons, suck on them, the sour taste rocks!
AH!! Its cold...er than yesterday... Stupid bipolar MO weather 8(
Empty. Get it? Kidding. My bad.
Check out all week long #SXSW -5th behind FrostBankTower
Thanks! MT A literary journal of poetry, fiction, commentary, at U of C--been looking at your site, and it's pretty nice!
Great. Look for an email from Greg Scott, renegade sociologist and video documentarianologist.
Right back at cha. :) RT : It's that time of the week again
you crack me up.
Sent you an email about what we are doing, hope you can check it out!
NEW PROJECT LAUNCHING IN 2 DAYS! Destination personal training & an incredible online community! www.Twitter.com/Levi_ETB
My bed is calling me, but my schedule has another plans. Filming aka waiting and playing #drawsomething with Peter. God bless technology.
I'm afraid not. Good line-up but all area book authors and I'd read most of the books. So, my first year away. :-(
I just wanted to tell you.... I LOVE YOUR TWITTER BACKGROUND! (:
darryl really yu aint bout that lyf so please
whenever you book with me
Um, Martha Stewart is 70 years old?
yes, i'll take them wherever i can get them. thanks :D
I have literally been laying in,bed all day depressed wow :/
": Just because you compliment me and THEN ask me for something doesn't mean I'm going to do it."
Some days you just feel like a tomato in a fruit basket, where you technically belong, but it just doesnt feel right.
“: fucked up and flawed #deadlwithit” Flawless is the correct term.
What tool do you use to archive a hashtag?
Wow I just woke up hhaaha :D
a scene in a move in class where you see a man from the chest up oh no lets make sure every guy looks away
Had a great time handing out fliers...
We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow...Let's get it
the avengers....amazing.... dead..... speechless. thats al there is to say.
no one should be arbitrarily "stopped" and "frisked" --- both actions cause psychic harm. They are not neutral.
badge fix: reverse diode 3, swap the lower two pins..top one near lanyard remains the same.
": Me and dad made a bet. If I get 100 RT's on this, he'll try to stop smoking. #pleaseretweet" worth a RT.
Sportaneous founders are walking to the White House to receive the Champions of Change award!
would you be allowed to go to sawgrass?
um let's go to the in Santa ana
you are quite welcome!
#Skrillex to kick off the morning and get some motivation to hit the weights.
Meet us tonight @ Favela for a fun night of #kizomba!Bring your comfortable shoes bc it's going to be a long night of dancing!See U there:-)
well, the Republicans retired to, but the Dems said there weren't nearly enough tax increases.
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
one of my dad's earliest and most influential memories
Listening to the iPod lol I need more followers follow me n ill give u a big big big hug
#thesandlot is on.. one of my favorite movies of all time.
That's #Boilermaker dedication. RT : Work time ill do an extra few reps just for Manning coming to the division.
At the tanning salon with my sister
il Never Miss it (:
Phoebe is invited to stay for dinner at the house of a friend who has 4 siblings. I feel for the mom, Phoebe says "Enough with the empathy!"
One hour till begins! We are ready for you! Perfect outdoor shopping weather
follow this guy his page is hilarious lmao
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Cultural foods class tonight- good reminder, some Brazilian & Jamaican foods have #peanuts. Caution if
are you in mobile?
Stephan Ramsay posits, "Do you have to know how to code [to be a digital humanist?...I say 'yes'." What do those at #CICDH think?
I had college stuff to do. :p
"Imagine Breakfast Club meets Glee (delete songs, insert comedy sketches)."
that was a funny episode of Victorious!
thx ED! Well, if true, that is acceptable. Props to CIA Bounce.
WORKING OVERTIME
I wish people liked me so I could have someone to text.
#edchatsa 3 pilots programs for schools: 1. Wireless mesh networks which open opp's for entrepreneurs to develop wifi structure
Thnx. I have a good friend who is a Lt for Kirkland, WA. He alsi does GIS 4 them.
Why do I feel like my boyfriends cheating on me or something? I don't really know how or why I think that though?....
FOLLOW ME PLZZ IF U DO ILL SCREAM SO LOUD THAT U WILL HEAR ME IN ALANTA:-)
Awesom time with Congrats to and you guys!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me.
book maker or book marking site?
We hit up Chang Jiang at least once a week. Extra MSG, please...
haha the only other person I've ever heard that is my mate who moved to Yorkshire, haha that's a funny word
Show sum FB LOVE..."Like" Passion Parties by Treco!
totally talking to you. P.S. Come to Hell Burger Too
32, 15, 5 for the King. What can you say?
Great news! You get to train your own person now! Lol!
Thanks! Excellent food and service! :)
I feel bad for kids in wheelchairs. I bet they get pushed around a lot.
Twitter. We meet again.
Who wants a personal #imagine ? Tweet me your name :)
Oh really? I missed it. No, I only got a few basic things done. Nothing spectacular though. I was lost with it. How did you do?
Thanks to I now know the origins of the word "pub". As usual, I'm on pins and needs for the next episode.
I CAN'T STOP SAYING DONKEY.
I hear about that all the time,whr is it?
Im shaking. Im not even joking.
BBDC New Happy Hour Menu Now Feature $5 Appetizers and Sushi In Addition To Our Drink Specials!! Come Check It Out!
Who all used to wake up early Saturday mornings to watch Kids WB 33??? :)
better late than never , never late is better.
Grace thank god you are one of 2 friends I can count on Ivan is the other
Sheriff Mink, IMT, animal ctrl and are class acts. Hang in there, guys. Love, Andrea & Todd
Isnt it strange how a day can make a difference.How when we need them the most ,an Angel holds us up,and holds us close.
RT @ I BEEN FOLLOWING U. I MUST SAY YOU HAVE INSPIRATIONAL ADVICE EACH DAY.
Another OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued, and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
we love You Michael a.k.a Travis. I will see you tonight at 10pm at USA.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233
Crawl specs and algorithms help researchers assess and understand web archives--Leetaru
bebo down for about 45 minutes now, that's my queue to leave
Barr-owed time art by my friend Judy Nielson
Just went to sleep a couple hours ago and I'm not even sleepy
The pictures are beautiful
“: We are officially up and running, thanks to Blair , Veronique & Erin for their support.”
Oh! Laser! I like! (I have a laser!) Probably not quite like the ones used to etch metal-Oh how I wish! Ha!
Welcome to SA!
I always played as the Penguins. Lemieux was the awesomest.
is anyone wearing their crowns? or
Thanks...I'll check it out!
I'm not #sikedtogethome (:
#IWish Lindsey Stirling would marry me. :D
What I say, is how I feel, so I believe its true...
WOULD YOU RATHER: give Alli a bracelet that she wears everyday, or give her a picture that she looks at everyday?
That doesn't surprise me. If I'm not mistaken, they didn't match the yr after that 42% hike ('01) until lots of fuss was made
All signs point in the direction of AWESOME
Everytime I look at your new avi my head leans to the right. Kidding. I dig the new photo.
Task number one once I get a time machine. Kill the inventor of karaoke.
Just woke up early as fuck this mornin and can't go back to sleep cuz my stomach hurt smfh. Time to take my medicine
are you ready for 'spirit hands'?
Our fav DJ RT : Breaking new tracks and new artists is what I DO!!!! #ChocolateCityMix and #CrackTheCrateRadio .... #boom!!!!
The Pro-Love March was a huge success. Thank you WSBTV for covering the event.
unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
the smells of the #sfmuni...urine & moth balls
"Be inspired to be more than you are: to inspire others: to help others when they are down! Karma makes the world go round!Melissa LeEllen"
A fool is born everyday...
what does that mean exactly?
I may be ugly, but they sure love to stare.
For the first time in 16 weeks ..no school tmrww :)
There will be a Jake Helman "bonus" for readers before TORTURED SPIRITS comes out!
your house and range rover
Just wanted to let you know that we are inching ever and ever so closer to having a show! I can feel it! =)
Welcome Express your art through the gift of dance...
#YouWereCuteUntil you started acting stupid on purpose
very sorry to hear you didn't get our notifications - we send 3 emails during this process - email me at
app keeps showing that I'm not following ppl I know I added. If I try to click "follow" I get a "forbidden" message.
When I served in the Navy people cursed & spat at me. It is amazing how they treat service members today. I am happy to see it-hope it last!
Wake - The Cloud.. Let's get high to these lows
At # nnicwac with Michael Klare: most existing oil fields will decline production more than 70% in next 20 years
Shit... I thought #dickclark was dead years ago...
It all depends if you look at the glass half full or half empty. Broke, without family, no job, doesn't mean the road ended.
I wanna marry dark chocolate.
The TSA just managed to find a corkscrew with a knife in my carry on. I didn't even know it was there!
Tomorrow night it's another episode of The Rewind @ LOST LEAF!
can narrate any show for me lol
If it's RA, let me know and it's on me!
thx very much. super tweet.
So excited with life and all the infinite possibilities ;-) Keep a positive attitude towards everything and life might end up working out!
I'm the background on your phone? I don't even wanna know what picture
come on D. You have to drive to the basket in crucial situations. That wide open 3 can be fools gold in the 4th.
A5: Name a leader who isn’t visible. Chances are that you can’t.
its working boss! How's the vacation going?
I want to work downtown where I could walk to lunch and a #foodtruck or two!
awe! thank you so are you.
Almost called the suicide hotline while watching Sex in the City 2.
I just dislike these FAKE PPL...who say that got this for ..they got that for you...but in the end they HAVE NOTHING FOR YOU!!!
Thanks for heads-up. Could you send link to ? I can't open tiny link in your DM. Best.
Balogna is the Devils treat RT : Salami is too RT : Baloney is for real niggas
: #Streetlit at it's best. Follow The #UrbanFiction#author #ColeHart is Astronaut Status. Shared via TweetCaster
behave yourself! x
SO glad THAT team is not hoisting the Lombardi in OUR house.
just did bro
Went to Stadium for the first time today and wasn't there. Feels like the occasion was cheapened.
Happy Saturday! is finally here! If you don't cheers me, you don't count. Can't wait to see everyone there!
hell yea!
Word of the week: Bashert- Predestined, fated. Used when talking about two people who seem "made for each other," or a happy coincidence.
Some of the art in the has signs that say please touch. We like that art!
Bring. It. Stairmill.
Happy Thursday! We will have live music on Sunday! Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar!
Yinz guys going to the meeting tonight?
Lawns are for Sheep, Yards are for Gardens - www.y2g.org #YardstoGardens is Gardening for Web 2.0 (in minneap, soon in sf)
Just a few dozen followers short of 500. Who will push me over the line? The 500th gets an Indy Newspaper Guild ballpoint pen!
I hate everyone and I wanna be alone.
all 1029 news articles » oakland general strike on google news
found the cutest old looking house in east la (; hopefully we can move in ...
About to pig out for birthday !
. we're also involved in with and working on a solution for the streetlight issue.
Awesome! will begin tastings First tasting will take place this Friday from 5-8pm
The Ultimate Avengers was decent, I like the quality of cartoon versions they have made in recent years. Now for the Ultimate #Avengers 2.
We're looking fwd to partnering with & listening to Plateau customers, this is just the beginning-Lars D. Your phone# Lars? ;-)
Have a blast!
lmao y he cute
lucky i have softball at 8:30 in the morning. :/
my pleasure! all of GODs blessings to you melva!
Had a nice surprise tonight about a former project. Can't wait to see the finished work!
- thank you for coming out in support of marriage equality. You rock!
Hahaha, we're gonna get so fat (;
I’m still waiting for the day that I will actually use xy-(4-20)>x-5y[2+9-7] in real life.
Oh, hark! Tis a #SaturdayLibrarian like me!
I heard that you got to see some Best Websites folks last night.
My dad: Oh you're cutting out a card for your mom? Me: -_- No I'm cutting out Greyson pictures...
not hard. Just make a valid point or disagree with their outrageous argument
MADE | Full Episodes, Photos, Episode Synopsis and Recaps | MTV
Good luck with your public relations career new graduate!
VJ Big Daddy tonight plus some smoking hot go go dancers...stumble in at 10pm
Watching where the wild things are.
maybe a win! that would be splendid! lets go on a massive win streak boys!
hungry. I want Pancakes and Bacon!
going to have a good day. A lil swimming later.
"Building a Library Lab for Emerging Technology" on Monday afternoon!
The song you & me reminds Austin of a beach. RT if you want to go to the beach with Austin(;
Jo Hell once again because he's a badass.....gotta luv the gang tho, or rather, the circle of trust. Greybeard--Snowflake--Sexy Boots--Moi
's repertoire includes Toxic by Britney Spears using 4-8 cellos.
No worries. I have cookies to bring, regardless. C.&I'll be busy tomorrow, so if able, tonight's the better night to call.
Coming up with some questions for right now. Anyone want to know something about #WPSLKC?
Thanks to our new followers for tuning in-can't wait to hear what you've got to say about reforming NYs prison system!
excellent. Welcome aboard. We'll talk. You tweeted during the conference too I noticed.
Mexican food is the best!
#tarantulas do bite and their bites are venomous, but *most* are not dangerous. Toxicity is more like that of a bee or wasp.
#Eng9WOD Who are you as a student: a sycophant, reticent? There's a time to flatter and a time to listen- find the balance!
I'll at least spoil some of the suspense for you: Pedroia ain't getting moved.
Ayyyeeee ": Whipping today !"
So cool I love Oregon
Iont kno bout yall but i b hornier in the am neway!
Community Partnership for Homeless is now CHAPMAN PARTNERSHIP. Please visit their new page on FB & press like. Thanks!
what's wrong?
It's very quick. It's a buffet, so you can get in and out in 30 to 45 minutes easily...
best tweet today RT : Taking spanish in high school finally paid off cause now I can read tweets.
done with this !!!!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow
Good Morning #aas12 #aas2012 Handmade books from India, new looks into locales of #otaku culture & benefit fiction for Japan in booth 310
I am seriously considering selling wine in exchange for bitcoin. Someone talk me out of this.
Getting ready for the NY Upstate ASLA annual retreat! A big welcome to our incoming president: Andrew Hart!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, SINCERELY YOUR TOE.
Can't wait for Andy Pettite debut today!
I'm about to graduate high school, that is. Haha
movies collector
How is business thes days?
"put your name on it"
So I'm up n getting ready for church so morning dollies n genties
but not better teams:) I would live Dempsey, but I don't want his carter to suffer by not being a 1st choice player
if your bored i think you should follow me(;
I'm just pulling your chain Mike!
thxx and i guess
Houston anyone?
sure, go on my website:unforgettaballs.com, look under the heading 'stadiums' and under that, unforgettaball moments.
One knows when one is ill when one looks at Halloween candy (all that chocolate!) and has absolutely no interest.
The best/worst part of #SB45 was the footage of Cameron Diaz feeding popcorn to A-Rod. What did u think? I thought he came off like a diva.
yes sir.
Now im excited for summer(;
Big day politically... the backlash is gonna be horrendous.
All my work Ashley instincts just almost shushed this room during intermission cause it's so loud
thanks for followin' me
#FBsci being positive on Facebook works. Let's end all the negativity!!
I really want to trade if possible
I FEEL LIKE KSWISS MAKING A COME BACK
Don't miss our children's ministry performing Joseph & the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat tonight @ 5p and Sunday at 11a.
& neither is u , hoe
Celtic Irish ale now pouring. Just in time.
I did, enjoying your videos! Loved 10 items! Laura Gellar products look like fun. Its too bad about the parabens & phenoxy.
so have a day off and come tonight
if u only had his hook shot too!
Love when I have a song stuck in my head and it's playing on the radio when I get into the car.
"Time's fun when you're having flies." -- Kermit the Frog. Reminds me of a run I had the other day...yum!
embarrassed to say that I just washed down my multivitamin with a diet pop... oh the irony.
i wish
Hey, Sunshine, HAPPY VALENTINES DAY, hun
#HappyCincodeMayo excited for tonight #MayweatherCotto with only POSITIVE people tonight! ;)
Contour is not dead yet-would like to enjoy as much time as possible with no car payment-saving up for that yacht-thanks though!
I am also looking forward to finishing this thing. I only have an outline now. A 2000 word outline that is being revised.
The quick answer is NO...
Really disappointed right now........ I guess Adele earned it but Born This Way was so much better
Hard to know if it's up to him.
Got the sweetest little note from :) pretty sure I'm gunna do well on my exams now :)
Nice to see Matt Kuchar leading the PGA. Looking for his first major!
In a little bit. The word floodgates finally opened and the writer's block is gone.
Mary Poppin' Pimples
Hey check out brand new tees just released at www.deadburydead.com
Wow. Sigh.
At for Always... Patsy Cline. The perfect Mother's Day activity for my Momma and me. Love it!
circa 2005 reggaeton tracks at this queenstastic spot i watched the fight, crowd eating it up. feels like some sort of strange timewarp.
Washington Manual for IM. Still use it today.
Good to see you today!
Tweet while standing on your head.
Nothing to do, might as well go get my nails done
I do not get the whole < or > after a sentence. Can we keep that for math class?
Brewers have to make Timmy John pay for this... Hart slaps at garbage
i feel u
RT : invest in compliments: they are free!! pose no risk!! & yield only profit #TFB #F4F amen ..
Anybody want to buy a kidney or something? I want a new boat
Who wants a follow back?
We didn't come to be America's Best 'Trick' Crew. We came to be America's Best Dance Crew! ~Mikey Fusco
Sleepy, calling it a night
there's another twilight movie? I thought we were done with that disaster
“: Happy monday my twitter lovers!” morning! :D
Ive been in the car for 5 hours and i have atleast 3 more to go . . . .
Who cares about their comeback I'd rather the lakers lose by 15 than by 3 anyday
My. Head. Is. Pounding.
I'm always reminded during the #NCAA tourney why I never watch #TruTV any other time. Lizard Lick Towing ?? Really? #march madness
"I wana throw down like a in wonderland #giveaway #Win"
we're hella chilled its sweet. Whatchu up to?
RFT (: “: I shdnt be a mom if ima have a swimming pool >xD”
RT : you all brought it tonight in Lexington! It was awesome meeting you // great meeting you too!
Baller MT : 28 years ago w/ $1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at the U of Texas, I started Dell.”
RT : 's () recap of our ALN-TTR Phase I results "#Alnylam racing to prove #RNAi works..." [#client]
darn birds...pooping all over my car..
you sent me a spam dm last night shawty G.. You need to change ur password lol
Thank you. Really appreciate the kind words.
New phone, aye (:
lol I don't drink coffee, not me
Why is it that to get someone's attention first you have to ignore them? We all have been on one end or the other.
Thanks for the RT
Spread the word im back online
Following back :-)
Molly McCourt on Don Draper's identity crafting. A walking, embodied Facebook profile constantly tweaking his timeline?
no unnie ull will get sick from it!
Nobody ever made me feel this way.. I'm a
I write it Monday thru Friday
Wtf the first part of that tweet that I messed up didn't even go through!! But if you need help with photoshop i got you!!
to clarify: Travis approval of COTA economic incentives still to be negotiated, the terms of the deal will come back to court
Leo is watching a video of the song "If You're Happy & You Know It" on YouTube over & over again @ top volume.
Hey guys! Would u all be so kind and follow us =]
There will be no more rainbows over North Carolina...
Thank you You Convinced me to keep my mustache a little longer. I don't want any angels losing their wings because of me!!!
They're following me too. ;)
If you try to keep everybody happy, you'll never be happy!!
DEMAND IT! RT Dear , my #rulingclass cable package does not include fox business. Wtf?
Great to see u w the cast of #csimiami! Great work! I'd challenge u to a tennis match but u only used ur racket to whack a dog :P
that's what she said. Couldn't resist.
I did! I went to Eeyore's bday party in Austin. Have you ever heard of it?
trevon hey hun I'm fine and yourself?
is love to help that crazy Ass
yeah, you're welcome on that one big dawg
theres that one random person on my timeline not tweeting about #HappyBirthdayMGK ahahah
Going through this thing and looking at how many people got held back AGAIN and laughing at whores x)
#NJDevils Even the series tonight!
Good Morning!! 😊
I see some things never change at delt haha
There's something about my cool 'Nebraska' guy #you&i
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 31:57 with Nike+ GPS.
it was a wood box.
Received a copy of "The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls today from a friend. Thanks RS!
Finally backing up files on my laptop and doing a little counterpoint in between.
I sure can! I'm always here!!
True love knows league.
Florists from Krogers in Middletown made the blanket of roses. Krogers has done so for 26 years.
Oh, Voyager Cataloging module! How I love the. Let me count the ways...
Cambodia building houses, you?
hmm, its just the headphones. They block social contact. Join us!
haha well i made an account but it has nothing on it yet lol
i need you i adore you i admire you i miss you i understand you i LOVE you
I'm so glad Adele won all the awards she was nominated for. She deserved them!
is at my 4th of July!?!!?..im so lucky!
didn't he openly deny it couple months ago too? curious when the signed declaration took place and if he told GB
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
I'm so sad were not gunna see Peyton Manning with the Colts anymore. He's my fav QB and Colts my team! not the same w/o him:(
...and Bone Crusher with all his Mama's side and some. Poor thing was icing along on an old-man came. Looked sad too. Hope my smile helps...
the love is mutual. we'll do anything to support and
Already found my week 2 #Brewer of the week
Just finished the last masters class. Weird but I'm not ready for it to be over...
Know you were born an original—to make a difference in the world.
Yes it has! The scaffolding is gone but they're still working up there. We're just glad our view of the dome is back!
Will be on the air tonight at www.wcuw.org streaming live Jewish music from 8-10pm (eastern)
faded . faded . faded .
Winter 2012 is not going out like a sucka. It just gave us the middle finger.
Me to... I want in long hair! She looks beautiful!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 2
Karaoke canceled this week @ #7ultralounge our DJ had an emergency. Sorry for inconvenience guys...
you still doing that?
are you actively using this twitter handle? Any interest in selling?
Thanks! I hate those bugs, pain when on the lake. I already had my first tick bite of the year.
“: can you please explain how Italian food will cool me off?” cool you off in the AC!
I would LOVE to come back for a game this yr. Wanna sponsor me?
and I'm going to continue to pray for the something until my heart gets what it wants haven't gave up and never will until my hearts stops
can u ask people to follow me plz?xx
Have questions regarding social media & how to use it strategically? Tweet at
Airtran canceled my flight this morning!! Some bullshit had up there at 6 the morning... its all good though i'll be there tonight!! META
Signs along Interstate 5 read "Congress created Dust Bowl."
someone google searched "sjled83 pictures" and landed on my blog... you might have a
Major performance expectations compared to my days in the newsroom.
I always thought that reputation was off the mark, though early/19th folks often choose to do other stuff at ASA.
Congratulations on Magazine of the Year award!
Please follow me!!!:)
iNeed a hood bitch that tell me that I sing too much
My current mood is Excited! reason being I am excited to be meeting so many extraodinary individuals. Such as yourself
How about that Rockies Game Yesterday Afternoon, We won the series.....Tommorrow it's the Braves.
I think I deserve a cut of this deal -- with payment made in the form of 6-inch sandwiches.
Am spending an inordinate amount of time planning the Big Move. Just want to get going :)
Out to Franklins to celebrate being done with classes till Feb!
I hate it when farts burn!!!!
After Anita said that her favorite animal is the platypus i realised how much i hate everything
At least that Bread's "O" face looks better then most men's.
I don't come 2 skl 2 do nothing. I can do that at home
Updated my facebook page with Thursday night poker results. Not my best game or attitude that night, just wasn't myself.
hello...my name is.....not important
thank you so much<3
Thank you for the recommendation! Just invited him to participate & talk about his name!
Men listen its nice that u out here chasing that money.... but don't forget Wat u have at home waiting...... Out of sight out of mind...
#moversli available tomorrow for any size move. Have multiple trucks and vans on stand by. $210 for 2 movers and 16ft truck
RT The Cost of Creativity: on the irony of combatting the negative side of #creativity through...creativity
Who got the best deals on CDs and inserts???? Let a twigga know asap..
that's sweet!!!
that's a quote? what's that from? it is very true. there aren't many people, but a few during your life like that.
Welcome to SDCRM's newest clients, DentalMatrix in San Diego and Smaato in Hamburg Germany/Redwood Shores! Are you next?
In need of my own place
The classes that wash most are those that work least.
Half expecting to see some hail out of this storm... must be super cold in the upper atmosphere to be this loud!
has the crowd pumped for the main fight #NateDiaz vs
Advocacy by "political elites" is key. Scientific findings aren't, probably b/c ppl likely to be swayed that way are already swayed.
It's getting closer an closer to the end....TIME FLIES WHEN YOU'RE HAVING FUN!!!
I'm pullin for Leben but you know how that goes......
Today I shot the TV commercial, I wore a t-shirt
Want to hang out in Malibu much more often than I do.
Looks like melo wants an ass beating
Tony Sheflers TD dance is.....GAY! Just saying
u dont talk to me either STRANGER
09 was a nice year I tell ya!
Tired one more hour to go.
Dear #LotusNotes, If I double click an attachment, why do you ask me if I'd like to open it? Isn't that what double click means?
I wonder about this so-called "Arab-Summer." My reservations concern the identity and agenda of the rebels? Who are they? Why back them?
SSWorks Holiday Open House...happening right now! Sampling and free photos with santa...
my parents care WAYY to much about what other people think of them...
And a BIG shoutout to , who mixed/mastered the entire 'Collection Of Themes: Vol. 1' and a handful of tunes from the new release
they did it was IMF
RT : Dinner at old Sinatra Chicago hangout, Twin Anchors, w/Paul Duttlinger, huge supporter of Notre Dame Univ women's basketball
thanks babe, have a great Sunday :-)
it's so good. TRY THE BLACK EYED PEAS APPITIZER. ITS SO GOOD.
User:Ovejordanv - trend analysis
If you are that miserable do us all a favor and OFF yourself so we want have to read ya sad ass tweets everyday ✌
ok. well, i guess i should lay horizonal too. lol is after midnight here.
WOW! I haven't been on here in awhile! I need your guys help... Name your favorite celeb!
You sure know how to make a girl feel good about herself! ;)
I like your hair! Who does your hair? I wanna go there...... PHSYEAH! -Alexis-
oh I just saw this! I'm doing good! I was thinking back to Camden recently. I went to this discussion group b/c they gave us
Wed-Sun for now. Check our profile for hours. We are hoping to expand as we move into summer. It'd be rad to see ya!
damn i look away n look back n the heat down 3
Thanks! The crew has done a great job
aunt edna always told me "keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that"...
I think you can sure argue a case for it. I also have THX-1138 in there too.
no I'm not, I'm probably not even going to tomorrow lol
I just realized I've had an iPhone since august and I haven't ever used the FaceTime thing.
Celebrating Earthday by using 50% less electricity.
RT RT Fantastic piece by about training program that helps young people who #dropout succeed
I just can't believe it... RIP Whitney Houston
thank you for your kind words!
thanks for coming last night!! Super fun night
Frank Fukuyama has drones?!
So far today has been really wierd hm donde esta cagando el diablo? As my grandma says👽
It's my birthday!!!!!!!! Who's coming out to the ballpark today? RT if you're excited for some Mascot Madness.
the "everyone elses" referred to the big libraries, Dojo, Ext, jQuery. The "your favorite" is us, the Mustaches, Backbones, etc
Why people never tell me goodmorning bck ?
haha don't worry it was already scheduled in my planner!
checking it out right now
White folks stereo type me.... you'll Neva hear Another on da sterio like lee no passin go nigga yu are on E lol
Fantastic. Monday? I take orders like an Airman, think like a producer and write on
#chefscon Chef's Alex Seidel, Lon Symensma, Rob Seideman and Robert Danhi will be speaking at the conference.
oh I thought you meant the members of hot chelle rae
RT : Ryan Howard will read the Top Ten List on tonight. also on the show. (via )
Julie T totally teared up
What a Game!
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.—Author unknown
MILWAUKEE NEEDS A MLS TEAM !!!!
all you need now is a Timbers victory to top it off!
Will be spending the day in airports. Looking forward to a new book on my Kindle. How are you spending your day?
Ladies Night @ Cellar Wine Bar Every Tuesday Night
Chiropractor in Gahanna Announces New Website for Back Pain Patients
there will be some fore letter words used with my game right now.
frankfurt airport. cleared customs just to get a brat. my hockey team is still alive. waiting for the 6 hr flight to abu dhabi
the fact is, we (as in both parties) waste a lot of money and we need to fix it, regardless of what needs to get cut
Ugh!!!!!! I'm leaving Florida and is going to Miami???? ;( just wanna meet em once..
