Who is making the pizza? It looks very good.
rain rain go away!!
Good because it's a Friday and I plan on both. RT : It is extremely acceptable to get hammered on 4/20 as well
ahha well your booty you know it big so i cant leave it behind haha
Now totally looking forward to your cover of Suicide Solution...
IM TOO good for him :] I've known this all along!
There are still two weeks for me... Why do you start such soon?
-- you're welcome
“: Yayayaya first swim of the season” jealous.
"Now, how would you like to hear a nice story about a bridge?..." - Buzz Killington
He's the man. Not only a man. But the GRANDman.(: Yes, I know. He's cute but not only cute, He can DANCE.<3 StandGrand
Need to get my real thoughts about this out before I actually have I talk to her. Twitter seems like a good place.
Just realized I've been using someone else's credit card for a week. Siddharth Coelho-Prabhu if you're out there, I'm sorry!
Stay in a child's place. I love kids who aren't too grown and know where they fit in!
gettin two new tires for the car
you can have mine she's nuts.
Wit these ppl dat are high as fuck and everybody jus ignoring dis one kid dat keeps tryin to talk lmao
Can't wait to get some pulled pork from El Rey on Saturday!
#FF Dude with cool stats. :) RT : Of 15 largest quarterly profits ever, 13 are oil & gas companies. The other two are Apple.
Love makes everything that is heavy light.
'To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.'
Holy acronyms, batman! Library science sure has a lot of them.
So we dont end up really screwing up here" J Biden quote of the day. www.newyorktimes.com
Yes, he's vetting his position + viability of the biz. 45mins. may be overkill, but I'm still in for the ride ...
Weird fact: I don't need to sleep until I need to sleep and then I NEED to sleep. But can't.
we will be using HP tablets beginning next fall. The students currently are using netbooks.
On my way to VA beach for the tourney!
not complaining just sayin. We are suppose to follow one another I thought. You stand by me I stand by you. Kepin it real.
but it was worth the wait, right?
It is great to see that the World's leaders are helping to address energy poverty.
Operator: “911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
it's good. Just trying to finish school so I can have free time back. How's the wedding planning?
This mans cologne is triggering some strong yet fuzzy memory. In a good way.
Calls for a National WEEK of strike beginning March 20
Who on the team wanna get something to eat right now?
I'm starving sitting in this hair salon
Not yet, I do Driver's Ed online.
Off to with to visit with some awesome 4th graders!
I would like to sincerely thank the people at Lollapalooza for announcing this years lineup and subsequently saving me $230.
I love you!
Let your light shine. Know that your being is a significant contribution in the kaleidoscope of life.
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever:)
hey folks wrong hashtag!
halloween costumes: tonight, wedding guest; tomorrow, scorpio rising or senile old lady in fuschia; sunday, exhausted traveler; monday, ???
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Also, I would slaughter entire villages for Penelope Cruz and that imperfect nose of hers. That is all.
I'm having a ball with these kids....smart as hell kids fm all over the world. This is pretty amazing...
Im having a good time they just tryna ruin it. #TeamDrizzyDrake <3
Thank You
where are you heading?
Lakab i'm be Chillen on a couch drunk
Disney pretty much invented the
very nice! thanks
Bye Everyone And once again thnx :)
oh yes. yes yes yes. whoever made that video is a genius.
Gotta roll with the punches and bounce back.
Wonderful weekend :)
Good afternoon everyone! What's going on in Denver today?
Cool, thanks for Following
If I see a mess I will go crazy lol
You ain't about that life
Writing Xmen script! It's going to be pretty awesome!
And a correction on that first goal? Dom Dwyer took the PK and converted that one
I like to think of myself as a social media courtesan rather than an internet whore.
Anyone of you life in Miami and take acting classes?!
AH! Don't mention chop blocks!
Happy birthday to my boy from the East coast! 18 is a big one! Enjoy your year!!!
Premature Wicket Loss is no laughing matter. PWL strikes suddenly and inexorably. The only known risk factor is shit batting.
There is a blue line train, its sign show "special", I don't know what special. (@ Metro Center Metro Station w/ 9 others)
So good to FINALLY meet you! Fun day, wasn't it?
hi Tristan. We're beginning a startup and would like to talk to you. Our CEO will message you on LinkedIn. His name is Tom Nassr
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
This #Barcelona game is upsetting me.
If you had an hour to learn from 1 poker player, who would it be?
hey do you have a web link we can promote for you?
well now that everything just fell apart uh idk
I gave up my iphone and now I have a galaxy note. I feel kinda lost in this world without my phone now lol
When everything else disappears, all that matters is your heart and soul. Make them beautiful.
Kinky sex tape of Lito Sheppard and 's wife surfaces online. Can be seen on most cheap porn sites for about $3.50
Why is it so hard to see my advisor?
I wanna get drunk ...right now
I guess we will see what Happens in the Mercedes-Benz SUPERDOME!! :)
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
Stay Strong Dylan<3
You know you're an REI addict when THEY start following YOU! My wife's not going to like this. ;)
me too!!! Unprotect these tweets! They're not going to get knocked up
that nap was on point but I'm still kinda sleepy.
I really hope she's not trying to steal my bestfriend away from me... Cause if she is.... All hell breaks loose >:/ :/
We'll work on it.
ME AGAIN CANT GET OVER HOW CUTE YOU GUYS ARE
A Monday factoid: Massage may be the oldest form of medical care as it is shown on Egyptian tomb paintings.
Usually when I have a strong feelin bout something 9/10 Im right
Love that the new Aunt Jemima Confetti Pancakes don't specify what the colorful "confetti" flakes are. You just take it on faith.
New iPad versions for: GarageBand, iMovie, Keynote, Pages and, for the first time, iPhoto with editing tools without the need of a stylus
Damn sometimes I just hate to be right....
Tell me about it!
I'd pair my book with a screening of Rebecca Miller's #film The Ballad of Jack and Rose.
You wear white and I wear out the words "I love you," and you're beautiful.
I love Ritz crackers too much.. I could eat the whole box.
2nd album in the works!!!
Proud of the guys who did work this week. in the and in the
U lied!!!! U says u had like 100 followers, u have 5
I'm glad you enjoy your night! hope to see you soon '
tacos for dinner <3
My cat snores louder than my dad
Invisible cloak bridesmaids dresses. RT : I just want protection if the guys are carrying swords.
S/o to my new follower Dnt be a stranger. :)
Our March 17th St. Pattys show at Madison Theater has been canceled due to double-booking mix up...bloodied but unbowed.
youll get a cheaper price.and them niggas say they sold dope..huh brother
I got you. Thanx for following me.
thanx for the follow
I better return my current envelope - I am not subscribing to any service called "Quikster"
RT : McDonnell tks off gloves: VA will be Energy Leader on E Coast: nuclear, biomass, nat gas, coal, offshore oil
Shdhdhdhdhfuebdfb is doing a christmas album ah
hey mama at home chillin, whats new?
glad someone else is enjoying this nothing going exactly like I want it too kind of days.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Unicorns became extinct when they lost their war against the forces of My Little Pony who were allied with Dolphins
Hell yeah, they're good :)
3, 6-8. Such an awesome series. Have you gotten a chance to see Hungar Games? People keep comparing it to HP.
I'm like cabs but have found some great blends too!
Are those actual people in the stands at #MSG right now? Its like a library in there.
Jesus: you can actually deal with Philly jury duty stuff online. I'm pinching myself to make sure that I am actually still in Philadelphia.
I did some quick research on the WEB and found out that by the 1950's, most livestock were not free range or grass fed
I am patient enough, but I am assuming there will be Louisville trips in between then
what are you talking about I'm confussed what did my brother do
Thanks for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK Rachel,
i swear some of these asian kids cut their own hair
Crowdsourcing Demand One of my favorite features in a web application is Demand It! from Eventful. The concept is
a sandbar in front of the W formed a nice reef break - I couldnt help but look to your presidential suite from the lineup :)
So you can slather others who desperately need it??
Omg so excited for NAMM SCHOOL JAM
Jumpstart DC Corps members from Catholic University perform Jumpstart your life too much fun. Who knew our Corps members had so much spice?
they're delicious--just corn and salt but roasted and fried so they're very crunchy
There is a difference between hearing and listening. Make an effort to be an active listener!
Adjourned, waiting for the report of the task force concerning unincorporated Cook.
It's not thin air. Bo actually did the thing. If he hadn't called in, would have been nearly as big. Already was.
Just tried a piece of React 5 gum and I did not feel like I was tied down to a grid of iron while being pelted by fruit.
Off the Grid quite a bit this week. New learnings. New perspectives. New responsibilities. New security access issues -- Real World, no?
My apartment smells like roasted kabocha squash and caramelized onions. I think I win the Best Smelling Dwelling award.
how is it? It's under one of the requirements huh?
Just had one of the best rides of my life, so thankful for my family, barn family, and my horse!
RT Its official. I'll be speaking at Fitness Bloggers Conference in Boulder, CO June 25. See you there? Yes!
It's late night n NYC, and I"m bored after having sex I'm looking for something different in my sex life, now what could that be
there gone
I thought we had to do the last section ? I have the rest of it done.
Being shy will ruin thousands of oppertunities.
funny how the digital native comment got the twitter stream really going!
probably doubtful now with two different builds, but they should have thought of that before!
they really turned the place upside-down
big macs look good in the pictures too.
How the hell was that a foul on lebron?
When people laugh when I say I have dyslexia it makes me want to punch them in the face because i do
OMFG I CAN'T EVEN. IT'S SEATTLE FOR GOD'S SAKE OMFGG FINALLY <3
Hello all! Sorry I have been absent. But I have been doing homework like a ggod girl. Finals are coming up soon. But I will be back 2nite!
I'm gonna start telling people to NOT talk in my face
Thanks god is Friday!!!
Power just flashed. The combination of massive power issues and crazy winds is scary. Especially being I have no laptop battery UGH
Some of y'all really be worried about what people think of you. From how "holy" you are to what kind of weed you dabble in. Crazy world.
Youre a great mom :-))RT : Mob Ties #MobWives sippn Mai Tai's....WHO'S READY FOR THE SEASON FINALE...I will be live tweeting!!
I just need a 77 on this final and for the weekend to get here already so we can celebrate summer. Everyone who went home is missing out.
I hope to see some snow when I wake up. ⛄
last grad tweet. it's been an awesome day! congratulations on everything!
thanks sweetie!!
Somethin about a guy with out of state license plates ;)
Dude, that's not even a question. Take advantage of that opportunity!
I'm against crime. And I'm not ashamed to admit it. —Bobby Newport
Devon those are literally all my favorite sports teams....
I hate having to do things I don't wanna do. Like wake up early and go to a school full of dumb shits.
doesn't know what good dancing is
If you build it, they will come...
aw thanks my luv
lastnite made me realize how poppin southeast used to b an how azz it is now..glad im bout to b out dat bitch
#cheapgas #Escondido $4.07 at Broadway & Mission AM/PM per George Chamberlin
Love #telseyandco - wacky auditions with complete seriousness
#SignsaPersonCantCook..they burn pasta.
I want a hot man right now.
could I possibly be in the UK for the Diamond Jubilee weekend? oh man, oh man…
Heard the nat'l emergency test was a big fail. Definitely need to fix this system.
Gail, and yet again she blogged anger, indignation, resentment, and rage
No, thank goodness. :)
I immediately thought of you and your Where the Wild Things Are tapestry :(
#TEAMCHAZMARCELL New to twitter
“#ThingsILearnedFromWatchingFringe There's no place like home. Except over there. And over there..and that other reality there
You know how I do (; hahaha
My wife and I watch weekly, love the Gingrich interview and Reid. Yoy do a great job on interviews and as a moderator!
Going old school tonight. I am the voice behind the Brockport hockey PA guy. All hecklers welcome!
#reasonsToWorkOut to LOOK, FEEL, and FUNCTION better
you're being petty, you just want to put her in her place every chance you get. Just admit you don't like her and be done!
oh please, just open up your purse, reach your hand down in there past the used condoms and I'm sure you'll find some
Well at least it's not another Saw movie. Lol
is home...had fun with my friends last night!!
ha! Yes, that was in Wednesday's paper!
text me??
Nobody ever found hair in their food at Central Perk.
....IRU PRODUCTIONS coming soon....
PSU Slyder football boards. Check them out at www.slyderfootball.com
#301999 im the on in the profile pic :) xox
I thought pinterest was addictive now I'm saving everything in my pocket. Pinboards, pockets, links, Facebooks, tweets, work?
sorry:/ find seth on facebook. His name is seth centerbar. Tell him you can pay throug paypal.and he can work from there! :)
WHY does DUMBO sound like a war zone today? This construction noise is driving me nuts...
live life to the fullest, dodge the haters bullets
Wish I was there, too! Silver lining: I didn't have to get up at 2:30am this morning like I did last year
Well it's new comic day, so I'm good lol. How are you?
Anyone wanna hit up the movies?
I LOVE waking up to the sound of rain.
Adidas party doing it right here in tthe NOLA
what is this "radio" thing that you speak of?
This is true. And I have #pandora one.
Vodka: it's not just a delicious breakfast beverage.
Uh-oh. ": That sinking feeling when you realize your all natural deodorant is made of crystal dust and optimism."
We're monitoring today's winter weather. We'll have a decision about tonight's sessions by 1 p.m. this afternoon.
Awee the flowers are super pretty!! =]
if don't grow up to be a lawyer it will be a serious waste of your talent :)
I installed that same sink in my old house. Lowe's, right?
I started using colons too, just to disguise the em dash bias.
Yo bro, lunch next week?
man your on a roll tonight ~^^
I believe our touch screen products will serve your purposes very well. We would love to work directly with you!
Andrew Royal and Color Sound Circuit at Brown Rice tonight www.brownricemusic.org
I am so pissed off rt now I could cry. A 3 night work trip & my friend just ditched me for 2nd night wo a car. What a jerk.
sweet! Have you read the sequel?
Yes. I saw him in the distance....so fast...must have been line 6.
Wednesday just keeps getting back in here somehow.
#Salute Left It All On The Floor... Here We Go Again! Maybe Next Year! Glad didnt nobody wanna bet! Lol Go Grizzlies
RT : Super relevant content on the other end! RT : 70% of Millenials answer phone during sex | at
Never text someone asking them what theyre doing while youre on the pooper. They'll ask you back and you wont want to give them the truth.
Meeting with CPA next week and the incorporation process is underway! Very exciting :)
Seriously though, i feel great! GETTING SHIT DONE at worked....oh, how i love Sativa!
"I give tattoos to strippers and idiots" -/// lmao, that's awesome.
Just got done hoopin..
YES RT HBO Go has it. I watched it last week ;)
$15 eighth all day for members! $20 for non members =) Hope to see ya in!
Listening to our great team call right now featuring Glenda Degler, new rep! You can be a part of this too! Ask me!
Seeking intern
no idea who that is.
Players with a total rebound rate >20 and more than 1 blk / gm: Camby, Howard, D Cousins, Bynum, and... K Farried.
Irish music, Guinness feels like I'm back in ole Ireland
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Loaded Carrot Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Business meetings all day. Sometimes they can be a drain. Today they're energizing!
Just booked a coach ticket on a fledgling express airport plane to Ohio.
“: There are 25 courtside seats empty, zero energy in building and 5 minutes in Pacers are up 11-4.” it's mothers day
email me your presentation later
LOVED reading your tweets from the #SHRM11 exhibit floor. cooking tips from are always glorious! So great to see you!
soccer this early kills me
Need some poker chips? Come to ONE STOP Poker SHOP! www.eproducts4less.biz
Want tix? We knew you did. Listen to - They have them in the #BigAssStash this morning
": Working on this song for my buddy :-) #AmbitiousGirl" :)
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 20
Side walk chalk. 😊
I wish I could tell you the way I really feel..and to stop the hurt and pain I feel inside.
Thank You! to all the attendees of the Public Funds East Summit. Hope you all had a great time!
seriously the Boyfriend music video is just awesomee i love youu..follow me?
That good gangsta beverage! #idothasame'ish RT : #random I can't drink out of a can unless the top is turned
Thank you! and thanks you for the repost!
What if there was a Social Media Apocolypse? Would you have real relationships to fall back on?
parental units arrived last night. Ugh!! There goes any chance of rest.
Tickets just got cheaper for some reason from Richmond to KC. Can't say I don't like that....
wish I was w/you right now!!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ”
Bumpercrop had a really great pitch, not sure that there's a business there, but I know EXACTLY what they do. Well done.
Why doesn't NBC & NHL understand broadcasting in widescreen or HD?
Today at Lehmanns bookstore in Berlin, you could get your bicycle checked. Also, in nonbooks, we sold some amazing nougat. Tons of books.
you must be drunk lol
My stress level is over my head .
I love you twin!!!
Eat, sleep, fuck and flee- four words, that's me.
That used to be me an elyse song
Re MD's "millionaire tax" - "targets single taxpayers making more than $100,000 annually & couples making more than $150,000"
Yes, Kendra! We will be showing this on Saturday, June 30 at 4 pm.
lmao. I knew that would be my first response.
hey Liam(: can I get a follow?
Phone calls with >>>
True that. Example?
Remember when I lived in NYC and made $36k?!?! HOW?!!?!!
But at least she's wearing a bear shirt ;)
Oh!!! And i'm gonna be in your next video. Because i'm one of your biggest supporters out here and you know that!
How in the world do people find me on here?! lol.
I love you to baby<3
#ItsAmazingHow One person can change your mood so quick.
and for the people that think michael floyd will be available at 22, ur retarded
it was probably a little forward to ask for his number the other night.
haha nice tweeting lately, are you ok? :)
I've used Evernote in the past and have been pretty happy with the results.
When I have to take people home<
Pancakes sound really good actually! :0)
look , your followed again!
in Bellwood. Thanks for the wonderful service of running my pizza and check to the car. I didn't have to hall my little ones out
n its funny how u off alday n kan neva do wat I ask uma fix u dog
If you talk like bestfriends, flirt like first loves, protect each other like siblings, then you know it's meant to be <3
it's amazing
awesome . I think everyone want to see Axl Rose .
Amazing Quantum Levitation Technology Could Open the Door to Floating Vehicles!
Thank you, Shannon!
bigs? Trying? Oh god..
Wtf is u hatin on Like u done something for a nigga
habanero kick, of course. :)
lololol ashleigh wants all of one direction I just want two of them lololol
Tippy Tow Tippy Tay ,you gonna get a tip today ,fuck that you gonna get some dick today ;) Real talk haha
I saw a Hinman collator demo at a few weeks ago. The book-nerd's demo of choice?!
So we love football, and what's better than football and family on Sunday?! Who's your favorite team?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!
Congrats to both the Giants and the Patriots. They both played amazingly well. Real winners tonight are the fans.
lol , no im not
not even. -__-
Ugh why does uploading music take so damn long
New lyrics: "Laughing, tears are pouring from my eyes, middle finger in the sky, as I'm driving"
Hey we're gonna be having a practice 2morrow so we will either be fully done with So Far Away or a little part of Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Presenter asks people to pair up and think. I immediately turn to phone
happy to see the sun out in Chicago today!
avocados are really into peer pressure<aww their soft
Really? an adult, "which tigers do u like best-- striped or plain"? They're lions!
Okie dokie folks, grand slam for the Red Sox in the 5th. No outs. Tied ball game.
demoing install of the facebook chat plugin, turns out its a java plugin and leo says 750 M will now need to have java installed
Why it is impossible to send a message to all of my cms users OR export a csv file of all of my users is completely beyond me.
Ah-cassettes! Caitlin, cassette is a means of playing back audio recordings using a portable device with tape.
I'm in. Name the time & place.
A few half marathons. Rock n' Roll, The SeaWheeze, and America's Finest City. What about you?
we can finally set #MicheleBachmann on a block of ice & send her out to sea
You call yourself an eminem fan and you don't know who Bizzare is, whut?!
The only interesting matchup is gonna be whoever Kobe is matched up with.
A bike ride this morning was the best idea I've had all day. Course, I haven't had all that many today.
Also-Thor was the hottest followed by hawk eye...
Even up...4 rounds each
Need mummy costume inspiration.
to me that moment is a testament to how actors and directors play such an important part in
Thanks for the follow - great name ;)
Up late trying to think of ways to revolutionize the Human Services field like like YouTube, and Facebook did the 2 world
Well played, gf!
I am A new #Groupatic , #Teamfollowback , more developments coming soon.. Visit www.groupatics.com
Great day spent with 2012-13 #Fulbright U.S. Student Alumni Ambassadors. Good luck, everyone!
sounds good
Remembering 9/11... More Samples and Drops are up now!
Oh my Paws! The #Talent is amazing over here! #FF darlings: Sinnerman24
you're lookin for a lost shaker of salt?
you are, however my history with them wasn't always great...this one I am working to keep in the positive.
Chillin with baby sippin on dis miscato bout to cook this steak and shrimp! #EATGREADY!
I smile all the time
#NYR please hurry up and score, I have to pee. If I go to the bathroom I'm gonna miss the winning goal!
I'm at Denny's building my own pancakes!!! (: I'm so hungry!
I am Kay in the godfather
I don't think I've ever found Jeepers Creepers a scary movie.
Saw 'cabin in the woods'. It was pretty good, then it was *awesome*.
i guess ill get to blogging on tumblr, havent been there in awhile.
I would LOVE to see in your magazine because she is amazing and deserves it So much (:
lol nigga don't front. I bought every album Field Mob ever dropped.
They can start with checking the calendar :) But hiring you is a better idea!
job is clowning.... she got a 9-5 doing people...smh
Responded to FIRE @ 7 Sun Valley Road, Livingston Manor, NY 12758. Red Cross auto update.
Amazing night <3
Will Manu wear ear muffs to protect his ear laceration in the next game?
i bet the danish fans love u guys
Dr. Benjamin of quotes Moms Mabley: "If you always do what you always did then you always get what you always got."
The NFL players and owners showed how little they really care about the fan today. Tough economy... says who...
don't think he's THAT good.
lol(: I can see you and crying all day tomorrow and the concert
Today is the last day to get your groupon
How cool! In show w/Philip Baker Hall (imdb.com) Theatricals. Don't miss us in case we're not extended! www.newamericantheatre.com
I appreciated that Sarabande B&B's subtle flower theme won't cause death by doily! Lovely place.
#TellTribune keep KTLA! or else im gonna legally crying for a whole week at school..
Homework is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
Performing at 7:30 tonight at the Arts Mill in Grafton
That wasn't strange at all I swear lol Xx
I hope that is true. Otherwise I am very, very disappointed at the
Just filed today, once again I'm not automatic. Running alone for now. What's the group your supporting?
If I tell you your ex is dating someone better looking, #JustGetOverIt, and get your ass to the gym. I'm trying to help you
yes talk to shelly
I can't even explain how stoked i am.
i hate having fake nails sometimes because when i bump into something it hurts like hell
some of the best Christmas meals were in the mess hall w/some of the best family... Wouldn't you agree
xD I can't drink iced coffee, dunno why.
oh, thats you:)
Your my little secret *sings*
On this day we should all strive to reach HIGHER ground.. Happy 4/20!!
Finally, FINALLY, the video is converting. Man, I hope the students are actually watching these.
The best side is
How come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far I fall?
I love the people that donate to ASPCA on the phone late at night while eating beef jerky. "I only save the cute animals". (too preachy?)
#foreverconfused of what I want in life.
haha glad you enjoyed that :)
It is just soo complicated.
in both the written word and spoken word, buster. You guys ALL dropped the ball on this; but you're still attacking him?
lol so the kid who likes my 22 year old sis he's 11 he was chasing around a remote control car thinking it was moving on its own lol
Ann Powers of NPR Music: panelists represent global city and defy genre categorization.
I'm just playing devils advocate, really ;-)
Ladies if u walk on the dirty ground without shoes barefooted...gotta say its trailer. Keep the shoes on please it ruins the moment.
did they contact you about payment for using it? They should have.
Thanks for the follow, Lisa.
Before I discovered his account, I thought some other dude was President of the United States. #FollowFriday (via )
I wanna see in concert so bad.
The house,which was built a year after the Great Baltimore Fire, used reinforced concrete because it was safer.
Did anybody just see that big flash of light n day sky?
yes, and they came in costume as, you guessed it, a Mountie and a moose. Those two!
Resolved Problem with &quot;./ts3server_linux_x86&quot; No such file
whats good bro bro
Damn! This could be a Lifetime movie. Good luck. Call me later. Hugs!
Is there any easy way to pip install wxpython? I'm getting errors when I try ...
Looking fwd 2 checking out tonight 4 their opening! #congrats FABLE!!
sounds cozy :)
With Shanahan's track record in the playoffs, Torres will get 1 game, 2 games most and MAYBE a fine.
but I'm pretty sure they will have tix at the kiosk, located on strip across from mirage near denny's/margaritaville
Yes. I plan to get weird.
thanks as well!! Now we need you as a #Celtics fan too!! Lol
as long as u reactivate it within a month u want be completely deleted.
thanks!! Not sure what's next, maybe somewhere in Utah or AZ - Petrified Forest National Park has always fascinated me.
no thanks??? D move kasian d move
Why does everyone want their love to be like a movie when it only lasts 2 hours?
The first Chicago Cubs game under lights didn't happen til Aug 8, 1988 and was rained out after 3 innings
Good morning folks
Dr Who-themed burlesque act gives new meaning to the phrase "police box"
Interesting blog post - don't worry - there will always be hope for Mr. Cranky. :)
I dont need to literate... Books dont make money....
Oh good idea!
u need any stories to be written, just text me. Most of the time I'm pretty free.
do u know anywhere that will be showing Man Utd/ Liverpool game this weekend?
YOU KNOW WHAT ? WE SHOULD MAKE THAT HAPPEN ...
hi girl(:
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Tom if I have to choose between Moore or Garrard I'm choosing Manning.. As in I'm officially a Bronco fan!
Damn its a Good Day ! In My Gucci Voice' .
is killing it with that wrong song mix on gotta cop looking at me 1/2 crazy over here #Jammin!
In between shots. Running long but with excellent results.
Thanks so much for the follow back!
Thats great, glad to hear that, when she coming home?
yeah bro all is well. I haven't been able to keep up with the Stros as much as I'd hoped for either.
Grit on wry: A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard - CNN
So you are here today...no burns. Was yesterday's cooking adventure successful? What did you make?
Thx for checking
Greek life? Looks promising
Your welcome. Can't wait to share some incredible info soon that be so helpful to everyone in the industry.
can't wait to see them! I'm going there in 27 days and I am so excited!!
.: We used to have a word for people who helped us do journalism: sources.
It looks great on the wall. It gets a lot of (positive) comments.
": it's gonna be my birthday party since i didn't have one in december xD" I WANT TO GO. \(^-^)/
Wendy Chun rocking the Prezi today.
no idea she's engaged though. I Love hank
My favorite principle is that all content must be shareworthy.
Denise Armstead - dancer/choreographer, teaches horseback riding.
Excited that my book, Brand YOU, is on display at the London Book Fair April 16-18th in Earls Court Exhibition Centre, Warwick Road, London…
Don't ever vote for someone 'just because'
BRINGING MATT TO COLLEGE TODAY!!!! :'(
Jenna! Follow and this page, it's Delaney. c:
yay, i get a phone # for the orthopedic surgery department. Happy happy joy joy...not
#Seahawks draft DE Bruce Irvin with the 15th pick in the
how long on saturday? lol
. What an achievement. To shave time off like that means you have will like a hammer on an anvil.
We'll change that one, too :) RT It's kind-of like judgment and judgement, isn't it. We're loos(e)ing our E's
I love it when I'm Holding you. I love it when you're close to me. I wanna make you mine.
chex mix for lunch,I'm with u RT "Christmas" is a perfectly legitimate food group, thank you very much.
Barbara, very smart. Skin care is huge, margins are awesome!
thank you!
Yo. Check your email when you get a chance! I sent you a quick question.
I fell asleep watching Rupaul.... okay goodnight.
hey! you guys are 'similar to me when you really are! haha
Amazing 1st yr celebration weekend for ! is the best producing/writing partner ever!
Just finished my Christmas shopping at Amazon.com #retailmenot Now I'm ready for the horrible Christmas music to stop.
hahahah andrea andrea andrea
killing with the avi
Design and development to suite your needs.
Listen to "Rapping Up The Nite" - music by and more - crown.edu/crownradio ~
Teennick is torturing me. The episode is up but it won't go to it :/ annoyed
if thats the case mine are always hot -_-
SEATTLE FRIENDS: I have 2 tickets to Motopony & Bryan John Appleby tomorrow at Nuemos. They're yours if you want them. 21+ over.Let me know!
One more day of school until the weekend, fair, and lots of fun!!
Great post!
Mingle, network, get involved! #MilwaukeeHYP social hour: Weds, May 23, 5-8 PM, Karma Bar & Grill! RSVP to
I freakin' love you. I just figured you should know. Because ya know, my love is eternal. Famous. Chocolatety, even.
Spotted at the Warehouse Sale: sweet potato, barbeque and original , a perfect accessory for spring!
how would you build in time for tech failure?
yes. i would absolutely date a snowboarder. even if he has longer and more luscious hair than me.
Sitting next to , flailing over
please follow me :) love ya babe!! <3
Accidently left my laptop last night fell asleep doing homework
Adhere to FINTRAC/FINCEN regs by scanning and uploading all your KYC information online for easy yet secure cross-branch access in real time
Did we mention that this week's prize is a pair of tickets to both exhibition games?
S/O to can't wait to have my songs on their radio soon!
But I do give some good takes on Boston sports!
good morning♪
Text You for Teens helps your teen learn their value and gives them motivation and self assurance when faced with everyday problems.
Drinking coffee 3 bean, my invention,and eating Godiva (homemade) cookies.It's good being a bird.
Last SOURCE meeting of the Winter Series TOMORROW - 5- 6:30! Hope to see you all there!
Congrats #maryland! Bo #NJ, right to love for all Americans plz! #equalliberties!
Everyone PLEASE Go Follow My New Account >> :) I'll still keep this one as my personal but thats a second one:)
PS people with my number - phone = dead
That being said, I can see the Heat blowing out the Pacers in game 4. Hope not but . . .
Need some new shoes
Who is Edwin Maysonet?? Well people know who he is now. He hit a grand slam on national TV!
He's raking right now!! The Indians would rather have Johnny Damon though.
you arent camping though.
“: plz let us have a new divas champ kelly time is up”your right about that.
yeah not sure if its writting..or that Amy/Rory are getting a bit lame..but last season was just ok..
since you brought it up......haha
I luv u
Photos that appeal to your monkey brain.
I'm halfway through Tough Shit by Awesome read, really enjoying it!
He looks like he belongs on the evil Icelandic team in Mighty Ducks 2.
I'll keep you posted about it
Last chance to get 20% our services when you visit us at booth
Hockey. Baseball. College Football. The League. I'll buy the wings, who is bringing the beer?
i guess location plays a part in that. Tough for a major market at that rate.
Magic city series on starz. Is pretty darn good.
What is Canada like? (:
you know if Ashur would have lived in modern times, he would have made a hell of a politician! 
and needs to follow me(:
Ha i got chu
yeah.... it is what it is. i hate blaming refs... but they made it difficult the whole series
thanks bud! how is your application process going?
Soups to end the week! Try a bowl of White Chicken Chili, Turkey Wild Rice, Tomato Bisque, Split Pea w/ Ham and/or Broccoli Cheddar!
hah it's pretty fun to play too
they are getting hood rich, don't know how it is there...people here on section 8 with 40k cars cause no bills
I hate getting alot of homework in one day:~(
draw a stick figure horse with a knife protruding from it's chest. hang it on the fridge with the word "LOVE" in all caps.
sorry my phone is jacked up
Arbiters is only correct in certain context.
Idk probally add a number to it. Just like I did for my email. Or just keep reporting the page till its deleted
Of course. Don't take it personally -- only two people know my true identity. They have instructions to reveal it if I die.
Just posted a draft of my new song "Note to Self". I did a complete re-arrange on it, and lightened up the lyrics. It's swinging and...
800th tweet..n I can say "This Tatted up mega hottie is now following me" #CLUTCH"-->: ahaha I already followed you"
k you know the drill :P
I'm super excited about 3 hours in Gym!!!!
but she gets texts... clever cover up. Someone out there is a fake!
I would love to be on punkd and punk someone, i have brilliant ideas!
Hey Hey
Kristen Stewart, Tom Sturridge &amp; More Featured in New 'On The Road' Character ... - Celebuzz
Ugh! Cindy needs to hurry and put music in my mp3 player!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#FF Fun in
Right Right Right
sounds like a power supply to me
Man, you are on fire! The wit is string with you today. It's awesome.
So I bought my fish new food and she won't eat it!! !):< $8 down the drain
Even when God Almighty holds a web conference, I bet that the first 15 minutes are spent getting it to work. (But w/better on-hold music...)
u suck. Enjoy your chicken fingers homo
Amen! Thank goodness for us creative innovators! - Scott Thompson
I miss my Coreys!
who likes #greentea?
Also can we talk about how El Chavo is Dolly Parton's favorite bar? And the bartender said, yes, she really is a peach in person.
Any registered voters in #RVA please see that last RT & sign the petition.Just having Mo in the mayoral race will stir things up.
Though not the reason to go to conferences, a side benefit is you can tweet it. A way to take notes, reflect, share, question.
I think perchance you are right; we should work perchance into daily language.
First day of p4k festival
I wish Jay Z would hook up with Rick Rubin and do an entire album a la 99 Problems
Tomorrow wasn't promised today I'm bout a dollar
Obama says he doesn't tweet because his thumbs are too clumsy. Which is a polite way of saying he has a real job.
@ speaking of... I have seven diff colors of duct tape.... For what it's worth...
Did you know that September is Library Card Sign-Up Month? Visit your library today!
Happy Birthday to you!! Hope u have wonderful one!! :-)
are you still going to vail or did you head back to Denver?
wondering: if Wilders gets a UK ban for poss incitement etc, then do all the hate preachers calling for people's heads get banned/deported?
RT : "they say that wakin' up is..hard to do..." Oh my gosh, I just love him :-)
Hey Every1!Follow please!tryin 2 help him get a million followers.plz follow him,u wnt regret it.thanks-bri
Bi-curious is a term used to refer to someone who shows some curiosity in a relationship or sexual activity with someone of the same sex.
yes please :)
you are fucking killing it
what are u doing mami???
#DJLaz is going to LA. Tune in now to NBC 6 for details
yea she is :-) thanks!
I need a new intro and a youtube background, does anyone knows a good designer?
ok I'm not a stalker just like reading your advise who is your Team to watch and who is your SB prediction along with NFL MVP
Happy mayday.
I've been here for a while and I will continue to be here. I just hope I'm doing it for a good reason. That I'm not wasting my time waiting,
I think that's step
Isn't it funny after years of talking about the post-PC world, it is upon us without anybody really calling it out.
you were glasses me to post a pictures when you find them
But WHERE will it go? After they cast it…what's gonna happen? That's what I don't understand. But til then, I'm watching!
Sadly, Bar Kochba & his army were destroyed in the great battles defending the fortress city of Betar, southwest of
you getting out of NY?
#Economic Review: We have been having positive job growth. Do you think this trend will continue?
even when kyle screams i'll reign again??
I always think of humans as mini galaxies in a cosmic/spiritual sort of way. Kind of cool.
I've got you covered, no worries - what're your plans tonight? A bunch of us are at the side bar now
Not that kinda baby.
Hey Coach! Want to be our 4th in the Angel Babies of Hinds Hospice Golf Classic? Think about it. It's a great cause!
Visit today for some of the best science answers under 140 characters!
Wasup bro. I need to stop by and burn a track. My laptop is still trippin'
Went to dinner w/ 's mom. She had the lobster bisque.
Who needs a heart When a heart can be broken
Kobe really does this ball shit
Tree. Trimmers. So. Loud. Can't. Hear. Pandora.
#nw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Gn.
It keeps getting worse. Arrests. Suspensions. What the heck is Comcast going to look like nexty year?
Cuddling with a puppy, because these drunkos are driving me crazy.
Tomorrow is military and law enforcement appreciation day at the Balloon Museum! Come by for a free breakfast 6AM-10AM
Calling it a day. Tomorrow is left uncertain....
LADY TERMINATOR is a must
One must be serious about something, if one wants to have any amusement in life.
Looking forward to the rain on Sunday. Rain is good for lawns.
oh rough day Becks! Can't wait for some East Coast fun in a couple weeks.
In dance class bored!:/
Enjoin the weather;)
Thanks for the vote of confidence! RT : it's for the best pizza
michelle money is an interesting possibility. rt I do like Michelle too!
the wives of some of those Man City blokes must be breathing a sigh of relief! Then again there will be action on those streets
Connection made, with extra OJ and black coffee for the road from a friendly FA.
Come see us & get the best original pieces at #hollywoodshow this weekend! We're always showcasing something different & at wholesale prices
15 days ago I made a 6-9 prediction, we both hoped for 7-8. With a few injuries and Davis having to get a W while his avg. ...
What a short fantasy baseball week on Yahoo!
I vote for the gym. Go get em Brooke.
no problem and I'm good xD
vacation tomorrow <3
Summer is coming and I can't wait to start playing
OAN: that marriage proposal is still on the table just in case you were wondering
I heard that, we are wide awake as well, cruisin.
You should just be able to tap the display.
So this happened yesterday: My mom joined Twitter. Hi Mom!
I didn't realize it was on colored vinyl. Picked it up at Waterloo tonight! I'm very, very happy.
I know, but they are so good. Love simple cupcakes without globs of icing.
I did. You okay?
“: it was some fancy dinner I had.” haha di Kayla get to try it?
Feel free to write it in. RT : High school yearbook quote?
SHould be, but don't know for sure. Will know within a few days.
There is no cure for an addiction to "Chopped" besides more "Chopped"
good luck with the event. Sounds awesome!
Ladies, even a little hair on your upper lip is a major turnoff. Please wax that shit or somethin
Preident Obama to speak in NC about jobs
HATE ON IT
free tats for ur whole crew if u get me on tv or a trip to the factory fair trade? even though u got the cash for anything
Ha! good point. Sorry for clogging up the inbox with an inside joke fellas.
yea, that works. What time?
Jim, our driver, is still awake. Thanks for being on the team, Jim.
Missing my Chow Chow RIP Myko!
thanks brother
On my way to Austin! Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
Natalie portman is glad crystal isn't going to be mean. Cuz god forbid you make it entertaining for us
trim da vegetation,compact hash,afta seperation,ive begun preperation,imma start chasin da cup,one puff,high times cant get enough,no bluff!
Best night of the semester. Holy tits
#thereisalwaysthat1person that talks on their cell phone while working out when the sign kindly asks you to refrain....
Tim Tebow just proving people wrong
Bout time I'm home, let's go OKC
Thought so - hubby has the exact same one. (I bought it for him). Imma Saints fan. At least you weren't sporting Patriot jersey
Prof O'Leary is talking about the perils of multitasking. The last piece of candy in the box tastes better than the second last...
What did YOU think of the President's speech, GULC?
lamb is similar to Afflalo
“: I FINALLY found my favorite shirt! <3 <3” // Which one is it?!
Law and Order, then playing some League tonight! :)
Amazing. Could you imagine what we could do with 16 mil?!
Attending #W2E? Please stop by and say hello to of (client) in the Lenox Ballroom!
Eat dat pussy like some cold pizza!!
2011: Landed my first job ; graduated from ; met my best friend ; and made amazing friends along the way
Just to clarify - are you talking about applecare or applecare+?
hey man! can't wait to see you and the rest of the team beat Auburn tonight and Give God all the Glory! Can I get a Retweet.
Thanks for following!
Do you have your dreams crushed, large grey boy?
sorry, I was going for smarmy, not naive. I'm sure Mitt will have more, er, "flexibility" once he's elected.
Would love to see Montel reunite with Jason Losconzo at Washington St. Would be great in that offense. We should have thrown to him more.
It was great to meet and chat with Daniel Lipton, new Artistic Director of Opera Tampa.
They're nothing but "periodic SCARE TACTICS" put in place by the domestic terrorists in the American government.
Dense Fog Advisory? What advice do ya need? It's ZERO VISIBILITY OUT HERE!!!! DUH!
Putting together information for next year's #CollegiateDECA officers! Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
Happy Easter!
I will forever be a Simpsonizer! :)
Bitches coming up to me at the gas station asking me if I have a few dollars to spare for gas. Bitch take this 10 and let me eat my hotdog.
no you're not
SO glad tomorrow is Friday. Hopefully I get to see my babe.
A list of NJ Nets with higher TRB% than Lopez last season: Humphries, Gadzuric, Favors, Wright, Murphy, Petro, James, Williams.
seriously miffed yesterday...I'm human, not super woman. :-)
Data rocket fuel for innov know where you stand and assess progress against goals. Must get into hands of patients+ professionals
Running on 3 hours of sleep. My body is going to hate me by the end of the day.
My worst nightmares have found me. A bus full of prom girls.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. 
I just spoke to SD-based and they confirm they are adding bacon-flavored milkshake.
I know this is random but shit someone had to say it. The women of this generation SUCK
Why does my mom have to suck so much D:
Why is it getting to me so much man...
Jamaican's love themselves some East Indian Mongoes. This sweet, delicious mouth watering fruit it an Island favourite..try it u'll agree
that was Arnold's fish on different strokes!!
uuggghhhh im getting frustrated with youtube !!!! i jus wanna change my username thats it!!!!!
Well, the cold decided to kick in. Today's agenda: email, Kleenex, drama, OJ, repeat.
thank u keep the swag up as well
Just propose to him already!!! ;D Hahahaha, I expect lots of pictures missy!
hahaahaha at first i thought u said "realy nigga no wifi" aha i was like.....is she still hacked aha
- very helpful video, thank you.
Yes, I'll be there tomorrow! Sadly, I have to leave early but hopefully we can meet!
I wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. – Donald Trump
alright.. who was it? who fell off the bar deck at #madriver in #manayunk last night?
I need some company I gota feeling I'm finna be to bored
ALL GOOD PUSSY EATERS TALK WITH THIER TONGUE!!!!!
Did she go with you?
I am just so lucky to have you. :)
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?! YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE #Bigtimechicago CONCERT!!!!!!<333333
I'm so so sorry Mr. B. I know how heartbreaking it is. My thoughts are with you.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 20
Had the traditional grated from Matthew's last night. Now I want it every night.
Confession : I lusted after an old lady garden stool on the top shelf at the garden center. My dignity was spared because I couldn't reach.
-- ciao e grazie!
spoken like a true poet
Oh, I figured it out. Someone replied to my legit links with spammy junk. Love the Internet!
Sharks have an entire week dedicated to him
well, it's official...surgery on may 30th.
I don't mind:) sorry I was in the shower xoxo
“: Big ups to my dude thanks”. Thanks sorry was on a call
SO FUNNY! RT I was the first woman to burn my bra, it took the fire department four days to put it out.
JR Smith rocking the KD's
Thanks a lot Cox. No Redzone. Wonderful service as usual. Are you even working on this?
Looks like Mark Geiger is letting both teams play a bit...
Don't know about that - you've never seen Linda code. Way smarter than me!
Hardest thing in life to do: put toothpaste back in its container.
Next Bus Leaves at 3PM. Hint Hint Give Gr8 Answers on Survey Perhaps Your favorite Aria Will Be Sung42StBrdwy-8Ave1866.8413505
Shoutout to my new followers! Thanks!
coach, will cowher or dingy coach next year
one of the new disruptive areas will be BI/Data Mining. Due to availability of large scale computing + explosion in data
Have a good weekend everyone!
lmao I'm funny iscell doee ya hurd , nah chill how you been tho ? Text me 12018502625
Libby says 55% of San Diego nonprofits think it is illegal for them to lobby.
i got.it last Night and so far its better than advertised, what u think about it?
I must get tickets! Erg,but I have no money,I better start saving now :p Haha :) xx
you're welcome. Also, pop lock and drop it. Maybe toot that thing up.
I'll put my money on Butler or VCU...
who DOESN'T love sleeping on the office couch?!?
Unknown is revealed. Peace out, bitches. -throws up deuces-
In your dreams :) Olympic qualifying ticket purchased. Hope to see USA v Mexico with a smashing victory by USA of course.
I hate how cable companies have made it virtually impossible to get premium like HBO without paying for crappy channels I don't care about!
hope you and the aussies enjoyed!
We've got your news after the #Heat #Pacer game, about 6:15ish. has Mom's day/night forecast.
Charity knitting project is going great! We have terrific donors, friends, and supporters!
the word or the action? I'm getting tired of both.
Been so preoccupied lately, I haven't been tweeting at all:/
This movie is funny af #Due date
#Ashton Kutcher taking #Charlie Sheen's place?? Hm.
Groupons makes me want EVERYTHING!!
New song on the 4th.
It ends just as he begins the content portion. Are there more clips?
Going to church (:
If you are trying to impress her, try looking at her eyes and telling her "exactly" what you are thinking.
I'll keep that in mind... thanks. RT : Mars ain't the kinda place to raise your kids...in fact it's cold as hell....
Honestly, I know nothing of either account or complaint. Will look into.
#microstories My daughter is so beautiful. If only I weren't blind.
right? Bermuda baybeeeee :)
#badgers look done right now, no focus or aggressiveness what a #wastedopportunity, Syracuse was ripe for upset
Not for nothing but how does the poor broke city of Newark NJ afford to pay for the Housten funeral today?
Thanks for the RTs and the support!!
We've having a minor API disruption with nearby queries in SimpleGeo Storage that is also affecting SimpleGeo Context. More updates in a bit
Lets start this weekend already
Haven't seen the nonsense first hand yet, but it's looking ugly indeed.
i want to get my license sometime next week. :p i just need to get my paperwork filled out..
Want to thank my boy for bringing me on Fantasy Pros 911 to talk NBA on this evening!
Long Story Short it was love
Uh Oh...I see you Rhonda hahaha making these late night check-ins
Passing through #Rossville, home of the legend
hey hows Michigan treating u
Watching Wall-E & Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort. /:
Unreal that 2nite I got 2 play Aretha, Jill Scott, Annie Lennox, Amy Winehouse, Jamie Lidell and Indigo Girls back to back. :)
Don't know what to get a guy for special days well ask him what his favorite team is and get him tickets to see it!!
Good luck to all of those students with finals this morning and throughout the week.
48-47 Faber. The Judges was on one tonight I guess?
J. Vilma out for the season? Are you kidding me?? Roger Goodell, you are the biggest pussy and ironically your the commissioner of the NFL
no i dont...just a tooty
Thanks brother!
Quilters: need to find a quilt store when traveling? There's an app for that! ttp://iquiltnow.homestead.com
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st <3 Thanks
seven more motha lovin days. can't wait to wave high school good effin bye.
IM A WILD BOY IM A IM A WILD BOY
Kingdom of Vegetarians was so good! Dim sum vegetarian lunch for $12. heaven.
I haven't seen any article mentioning Corbin. It's the Jerry Sloan curse.
No problem, great story!
..indulging in silence
Bring on the bloody mary!
: as Luke, Jeremy Jordan as Han, James Earl Jones as Darth Vader.
I think you have an awesome voice plus your hot
ii know its Monday, but ii can't wait for the weekend!
happy bday bro from milwaukee.enjoy and get healthy
Question for has your voice changed or evolved?
so, you're mad?
RT I say we dig up Turing and give him the Turing test.
Crap. Extra innings. C'mon you Redbirds!!!
Seriously though, why do I have to be so short?
thanks for following back celeste, you and piper are so awesome (i know i've said that alot) i love you guys
John Grant with his 100th point of the season!!!! Go Mammoth.
she showed me the text. (: and then she's like I guess u guys r going out. I was like no we rnt ! God ! Lol
U there for me. Im there for u.
Italian leather really couldn't be more addicting to buy.
EMAIL INFO TO
Is it even legal to ask somebody to work 36hrs. straight??
Sure tell them to email us :)
Are you a social entrepreneur or wannabe #socent, #greenbiz or #bopbiz? What are your most critical pain points?
I even liked the live feed. Imperfect and spotty, but good resource.
WHY CANT IT BE PITTSBURGH :((
#supportlocalmusic More live today then yesterday. Requests in the chat-room join me.
I cannot stand this rainbow wheel on my MacBook.
Maywether is precise
tonight 7-9 you can try it all. Every other tuesday we have a sampling of different brews.
Yesterday, I nearly missed a flight out of Honolulu, & last night, I missed the flight from SF to SD. Hotels were sold out, but I got one!
If Only dreams came true bhaha RT Standing by the refrigerator opening it every thirty seconds hoping some new magically appears..
#InOurGeneration losing our houses is becoming too common, stand up and ask for help!
TBH, I'd have preferred a top- quality indie coffee shop, but beggars can't be choosers. :-(
This humidity <<<< my hair has to go up :(
Have you ever missed someone so much that you just want to cry cause it just hurts? Well I do.. :'( #Ilovemysailor!
Reading "The Magic of Thinking BIG!" good book so far
i might have sold my soul to be there ;)
I should've went down to Ford Field and deep fried a turkey Downtown Detroit smells so good
Well, you are in Oregon. That's like saying there are Polish people in Poland. LOL.
PatMania 2 main event will be announced next week on the PatCast!
Branding is tough. So much competition everywhere
Looking forward to seeing it. At the network and just say your name on the board!
Not sure if school's a prison cause their moms pack their lunches, but some schools come pretty close.
just started it. Kinda slow. What's new.
what in the world...?
I just got slammed w/ 4 emails from 4 diff restaurants about making my mother's day ressies. I get it alread.y
Helping the American Grassfed Association with social media today! Please say hi!
great saison. Felt like I was working in a Belgian farm field (minus back pain).
Becoming partly cloudy this afternoon. A bit breezy but humidity is low and temps are comfy as we head toward 74!
Follow And I'll give you a cookie!!! :D
my friend thinks thats how the song actually goes lmao
Only invited speakers at LoCo Chamber breakfast support #dullesrail. Opponent says he was locked out of public meeting.
If two chains charge 100k for a feature how much does he pay for beats ?
I've lost too many tickets to learn that will call is always the way to go.
J-Mac doing his part. Lousy support from the troops. Come on Buccos!
The Titanic-docked in Pigeon Forge Tennessee.
Wondering what Olivia is going to do tonight #scandal-love this show!
true that
St Joseph << hospital I was born in(;
We work on ourselves in order to help others, but also we help others in order to work on ourselves. Pema Chodron
Aloha! This blog is not affiliated with ike kuokoa as listed on your web page. We are totally independent and receive no funds.
heard about that
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN THE CAUSE
you know d.targaryen is eventually just gonna wreck shop
My nieces are so goofy, just like their auntie. Makayla is hitting Cornika with a pillow and she is laughing so hard. They got me laughing.
Nice app. Have u tested for all states? Wld be interested in a version for our voting rights work. Possible? Thx.
I can see your jealousy miles away
Microsoft Academic Search has had RSS "subscribe" functionality for ~2 years!
I am doing a radio interview with someone whose last name supposedly is "Malarkey." Is that Irish? WDYT?
I'm guessing it just depends on the impedance of the output device but what if the input device has a built in amp?
Very important things happening here tonight..Meetings & Gatherings. Volunteers Galore. Also, there will be pizza.
Happy Birthday! :D
I'll see what I can do to stop this 😏
I'm done with this buggy Droid phone. After tomorrow, I will be an iPhone user.
NO. my dreams are crushed. stefano, i love you. <3
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
Aww mama bear... I wish I could be too. Missing you right about now.
oh okay.
Gotta think the guy on TV made an honest mistake while live on the air. No excuse for putting headline on website.
Mission accomplished! Wonderful :-)
yeah i hope so
that's made me wanna poke my own eyes out sum ppl just should not dance
I'm listening to 700wlw n the reds fans r not very happy with Dusty. Get Kate in there to call the shots.
looking forward to it either way. I'm down for #lobbycon if it comes to that.
BAD GUYS IN MOVIES: "But before I kill you, I want to tell you this really long story so you can be saved." (-_-)
no offense and defense
We read comics we do not watch comics.
Make sure to Tweet a #FF with so everyone can be kept in the loop for our next event!
um no? haha yes...
how are they gonna beat thunder..when they can't even beat the nuggets. lol
idk if its drinking and cheifing all night but im trippinn out
I guess my #shamelesselfpromotion could have been even more self-promoting and shameless ;-) 'Twas an amazing experience.
When people can't do something, they will do whatever it takes to talk down on whatever it is. I'm here to say you can do it! Go for it!
#tablet market is blowing up!
I don't like freestyle dropped everybody check it out and show love
Might I suggest the cake batter?
oh great. now that I know what bezoars are I can have nightmares about them.
Katy Perry would though and she makes the world go round.
Indu Subaiya up on stage at
I just figured out what I broke in my timeline overview this morning. Smart quotation marks vs. plain ones. GAH!!
Sounds like bliss. RT Go for it! I'm having Stone Levitation with Sugar Babies right now!
That road trip after SF makes we wonder..... We'll find out because Grienke and Yo are going 2x apiece on that trip.
This night has just went down hill .
'none of this is clear cut' agree fully. engagement is not linear #multichannel participation can be highly fragmented
Lying ass rat.
Thanks for the heads up!
lol I HATE math the onle class I like is pe
Keema's a punk she won't do anything :P I'm going to bed! Goodnight!
Is it bad that that gave me a pit in my stomach?
What's that word I'm looking for F______ it. I give up
I have 1/3 entries still alive.
1.5 gen? That's me! Maybe I can sneak out of mtg early and can join me?
looks yummy and dangerous. I have ramekins but know better than to go down that path! LOL
I can't stand her talking to you. I just don't like her -.-
Hilarious. Also sad. I remember Stuart saying to look that up, but I never did. Must make him sick.
No he won't. Bron will get one this year. Durant will get one in about 4 years.
You said it buster!
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Adam beckoned^ Eve, his wife, to conceive, and she gave birth to Cain, declaring, "I have conceived the human manifestation of Jehovah."
Right, basically.
gonna howl during the eclipse. no reason. it just sounds like a good idea.
As if any person i involved myself with was better.
The Shave Barbershop Miami Beach Best barbers Call For More Info 305.866.1940 back to school Special Just $ 10 Dollars Yeah Just $ 10 Dollar
HAPPY bday to LISA roger's BDAY bash in HOUSTON tonight...
I hate how mexicans think Idk spanish
agreed! Went to the Yankees series and the crowds were pathetic!
if you don't shutup you'll be in trouble
Happy hour is now happier! Now late night specials daily 10pm-close at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill. (daily happy hour still 5-7pm too)
Thank you for your time & effort.
I'm so freaking tired. I want to marry my bed.
you're the one skating around the foyer with your soccer socks. :l
I cant even close my eyes without thinking about you. Its gonna be a long night.
Something's just not right he always comes & stays w me wen he gets off work early
please follow me back
Life is to short to sit around being miserable.
Yay for the Holiday Party! Can't wait to see these #whiteelephant gifts!
Does anybody besides me miss old cartoons. The ones that use to come on Saturday morning. 😔😔 one day
Martin: reward schools help create a better accountability system, can't focus only on the negative
Have a great weekend everyone!! Cirqa-Real Connections, Real Time, Real Life! Please register for the beta version at mycirqa.com!
I'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home! lol
Man Bynum need to call Ron artest psychologist too...
Yay Friday! Any plans for the weekend?
go that way really fast if something gets in your way...turn.
What a fantabulous morning working on macro analysis of carbon neutral growth, rock on!
yeah, that's all, and if you can spread it as well, he already filled a report on it with his email before it got changed
Complaining about an 8 hour delay in Amsterdam indicates a lack of imagination
At the Dog tonight Torque...Full Throttle Improv!
"Watch me move to hip-hop classics ....." Some of these commercials make me want to put a bullet in my head.
Great morning with church family. Lunchtime with lovies. Catch up on cleaning. Relax on patio.
Himmelrich PR has an opening for a PR account executive. Details on the firm's website at www.himmelrich.com
Not happy Nene is leaving Denver
Tired of drama and tired of sharing a room.
Nothing I ever fucking do is right.
lmao at Brian Fallon talking about Park Slope moms pushing strollers at this concert!
People these days don't know their worth and they are willing to settle for whatever they can get and settle for whatever ur willing to give
oh no I hope everything is okay?!
You cant help someone who will not help themselves. Done with the bullshit excuses from people who want 2 get paid but don't want 2 work.
In the store, thought I had something only to find out when I get home that it is not in the fridge !!!!!!!!
My perfect day would be shopping, Chinese food, movies, and Starbucks. c:
There is currently a 73 degree differential between the temperature in Houston and the temperature at my field site.
Potlikker Noodles with Mustard Greens Recipe from Bon Appétit
come get your new #summer hair color at sbs today and receive 15% off. And play some old nintendo while processing (773) 252 - 9522!
Questions next on
Thanks for the chat today Good stuff.
Yes, it's about time!
Need a little motivation. One Day at a time and Passion 101 by R. Shamar are available at iTunes, Napster, Amazon, etc. www.Rshamar.com
is cleaning the condo w/ one of her favorite boys. :)
Oh yah!! RT Franklin College Football Coaching Clinic sponsrd by Lids will be held on campus tomorrow...expecting great crowd!
Scott Brown said he was filibustering financial reform to get some changes for in-state biz. GOP has now caved. Did Brown get a result?
Going to the #Caps game tonight? Take advantage of our fantastic Happy Hour and pre-game in style before heading to the Verizon Center.
I knew I would leave someone off. Can't wait to see you too! RT wow love you too pal!
The United States government ought to rename its foreign and security policy "Unlimited Checkbook Diplomacy."
Seminoles are the Shit No if ands or buts about it
What conference for Farmers was held in 1892 at the Tuskegee Institute? Let us know your thoughts & see AmericanLegacyMag.com for answer
first tweet from new MacBook Pro!
so much for that last update :-(
Good Sandi, looking forward to your PPC class today!
when's your book going out? best Simon
The way ppl treat others is just a crying shame! :-(
hell yeah it was. M
Whoa! No comment RT : A punishment in Ancient Greece for adulterous men was the insertion of a large radish into the rectum.
Yes. Listen at little after 8 tonite! RT : are u playing the new single yet?
Oh noes! Not the killer THC!!! :x
Congrats to of #Flyers for #NHL weekly honors. There's something lyrical about the phrase, "Scored a goal with his face."
Looks like you're trying to buy from You should reply to their tweet with only the word buy. No exclamation.
Come on #ESPN get it together with these technical issues with your live FFL
swag stops the minute I throw up
the mind reels, I mean what are the other two?
Ready for my PPL to start
Too much tweeting. It's actually only happened to me on election nights before. lol
Who knew tanning could be so relaxing.
That one goes to the grave with me.
Finally, and I are on the same page.
Does anyone else bump Stevie Wonder these days?
Good hows yours been and whens your next live chat? <3333 :))))
Hi Jen! Sorry i missed you in person! RT : Hi Jess!
goes well wtf ya right bunch of shit!
ALRIGHT GASOL!!! Thats the kind of stat line we need from him
Golf-Frenchman Dubuisson leads in Korea as weather hampers scoring
follow me! :)
LOL, was not in Chicago. PTL, just helping the Districts pitch their local media. Excited for Ft. Woorrrtth
Things are good. I have Ichiro on one team too. Glad baseball is back.
Cool, thanks so much!
Life is full of mysteries.
Oh you fancy huh?! Lol that's a tad far though
exactly! Smh and why tami always chewing on some gum or nuts or something lol
Had a long week
Getting my nerd on watching #CharlieRose. They are talking about the brain. And how it works or tries to lol
Honor Band Workshops are awesome for kids learning to play instruments. We have full music staff to help + rehearsals + theory
This would be a nice spot for to pinch hit, were he healthy. LHH and swings HARD!
I'm not going to lie. is fake. She has no proof like I do.
happy b day i hope u are having a wonderful day :)
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO ! #WWE # Wrestlemania
May the 4th be with you, and tomorrow is revenge of the fifth. My life.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. – Malcolm Forbes
Saw the film Trade. Disturbing but good.
I would kill to see live!!! When are u coming to #CHICAGO LOVE?!?!?!
bummer! we'll record and post to vimeo though
#MyFavoriteArtist usually gets industrialized after everybody starts to hop on that wave (50Cent, Lil Wayne, Wiz)
Litigation Researcher Opportunity for Large Law Firm in Denver! MLS or JD and at least 3-5 years of experience. Email katie.cyboron…
good!! you deserved it after all the prep you did to make our tweet up SPECTACULAR:)
Top 9 countries that like Living Philanthropic: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, India, Philippines, Singapore, Brazil
WHAT?!! oh dear. It really helps for mild injuries.
Awesome! Come check out our studio next time you're in LA.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song. Chinese Proverb
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Got there in time. Your presentation was great. I'm going to play with the demos tonight.
wow never thought a show could be as boring as #luck i want my 25 min. back before i fell asleep..
donelio! <<< See what I did there! Your names constancio? Its kida rhyme lol!
Glamorous travel day! Canceled AA flight phx to dfw,now on DL thru SLC-flat tire on plane will arrive DFW early am-patience is a grace.
$640 Million Lotto?! This is going to be more competitive than The Hunger Games!! It's on!!!!
Look at this spider it looks like a tranchilla!! hahaha
yeah its 13 I just checked my calender
There's a fire starting in my heart.
I love you all(:
I love me.
Word is starting to spread, people need our help, please considering volunteering for our organization!
Amazing performance by Humber. have a bad ass rotation. This is going to be a fun team to watch.
PickUpLine: I can sense that you're a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
Woke up singing "Hands in the air, Drinks in the air... L L Let it fly" mainohustlehard got a hit cuz Roscoedash is one catchy nigga
is a class act!
If youtube twitter and facebook join into one they should call the website youtwittface.
At architecture + design film fest: up nxt, Zaha Hadid!
Oh no, that looks ugly. Please just be momentarily stunned, Hoss.
And that's all they played!!! Thanks for either stopping by or watching the livestream! Re-air will be soon! Stay tuned! Peace!
don't think I won't. Bring beer. Lots of beer.
why Milwaukee is named the Bucks is easy.
The 's Michele Woods says there's no apetite for copyright term extension. Check back in 5 years.
Tweeting & Not texting back <
#soctech just starting Pablo & Andrew in Nashville. We are moving right along towards live feed!
