dangit... now I'm hungry!
Thanks for the mention Shane! See you Thursday night.
The Man gives a shout out to the Tweeter in the corner.
The Grey is really good
RT : Currently in Tulsa: A Few Clouds and 88°
she is..
Wieters is just sick.
My text messages right now <
Does anyone know where they are at now in the difference? Last I heard they were at 3%?
So now that #ROWE 2.0 has been born, I want you to start thinking about ROWE 3.0. Have that ready by tomorrow.
Just discovered my new found #talent of finding awesome parking spots.
Aye, I use it, rather regularly. It's still a quite-nice program; less glitchy than google video chat at times.
friday funday. we are eating Mediterranean food for lunch. therefore coupon code for a new waterproof shuffle is: FALAFEL $11 off
Thanks for dropping by last night! Did you get a chance to slurp some Oysters?
I woke up face down in my pillow. Blonde headed sluts did me in !
Excited about our event next week w/the Japanese Ambassador to the U.S. Expecting a great turnout from the entertainment/creative community
20-Inch Wheels Bmx Freestyle/Jump Bike By Mongoose ...
Matt Canada has about as good a resume as one can hope for having coached at Indiana and NIU ... which is to say, still kinda crappy.
This fool said I'm gon kidnap you, marry you, then have your babies...you don't have to thank me lol smh
This cutting back on meat thing sucks... I want BACON!
Hannah&Jenna--U are both awesome:) RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE SUPERSTAR!!(: we love you!!!:D
shopped at Trader Joe's on Vine 4 the 1st time. Ppl more aggressive than me! Total came to $7.77. One of the Baldwins checked out behind me
Now that Santorum has dropped out, the GOP is about to go full force with negative campaigning about Pres. Obama.
lol if you had games I can almost guarantee he would skip mine to go to yours :(
absolutely, and pre-season is the worst time to go back too, think ill just stay away for now.
Give your favorite chat room a shout out below....
Good morning! Andaluz will open from 11am to 9pm today! We are still getting more fab new merchandise!
REALLY?! <3 oh my gosh.
RT : so, much, good, music!
Omg! Chelsea score. Now 2-2 on aggregate and Chelsea have an away goal. Barca has to score again to go through ..
lol I was just telling some about that the other day. He emotionally scared.
Get rid of all your excess debt NOW-if you are in Texas, ask us about a refinance-rates might be better than you think!
all day
best tweet i've ever seen!
★ ★ We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming event....or we can help plan the whole thing! ★ ★
JUST WIN, BABY!!!
RT : I love being a writer. What I can’t stand is the paperwork. PETER DE VRIES
TLC its all waterfalls, Hope you don't get wet when the waterfalls.
Only 5 weeks....
unsilent night 4... Ah can't wait (:
The Droidax 1600mAh lithium-ion battery replacement for Sony Xperia Arc is long lasting, lightweight and powerful.
dont think I did? Text me at 2703178082
no Jazz Fest for me alas. will be thinking of you !!!
I'm a gentleman, and you're a liar. \m/
Tell me what u think about the new profile pic
Splendid revelation today, I can look like I'm enjoying bottles of beer when it's really hard cider.
lol it'll be fine either way trust. Just find the right crowd to chill with throughout your time here.
If you guys haven't checked out yet, you're missing out. That's our #FollowFriday recommendation. What's yours?
awesome, congrats!
i'd be in.
Just got a chance to watch USA Indoors, !!!!! Orale Simon Que Si!!!!
Bases Juiced!
Lol. Kay! Did you ever take the GED test? I miss you and your bitch in classes. :(
#Imagine Austin Fan Boying about you everyday!
I don't care if you don't like Austin but just show some respect. K bye.
there was 60+ GB of stuff in my trash bin? pro tip: empty your trash bin
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 04/25/12 is Dan and Ian!
Practiced piano this afternoon. Tonight, I'm chilling out after a long week.
My character in the film "Vengeance" has a really crappy day tomorrow.
Good food, good coffee, good conversation... GOODNESS OVERLOAD!! You are definitely too sexy for this song.
Good Morning .... Fresh new start to the fresh new weeK / month : )
yeah it was a nice day :) and getting in n out after was amazing! Lol
Play Your Part Everything Else Falls In Place...
BTW Ever heard of Mother Mother's "Bright Idea"? Got stuck on that song today.
odd jobs around my neighborhood. Text me.
In airport awaiting delayed flight I plug computer to kiosk w/3 others NO power They're ALL sheep Not one noticed I lose faith in humanity
I can paint one in yours as well. :)
I'm about to order Pizza Hut & make them deliver it to HML again ...
sure just did:) be sure to check us out and let us know what you think:)
How bout some Leuer w/ my Monta?!
A game that is John Lackey vs Brian Matusz should be banned from TV for graphic and disturbing imagery.
Thanks for following me!
Will have to read
SHOUT OUT FOLLOW Shes Amazing 
Getting ready for a wonderful talk in Chicago. Love Chi Town!
follow back? :)
I'm sure we can see what's going on after work. No water, !
yup yup!
SXSW party was amazing! We met so many cool people. Y'all rule. Special thanks to
I am paying attention
Are you watching the Ravens battle the Seahawks today? Do you have any game day predictions?
": I Don't Watch NBA or Anything, But I Take It This Steve Blake Guy Sucks? Lol"--- he just ain't clutch
Well Good Morn sunshine
RT : Shoutout to my girl because she sends me music files ✌
Which one can leave when he likes?
Evening to myself tonight.
First day fly fishing this year....froze & zipped but still better than work.
Decorated & finished shopping .. Now ready for the week.. Game night & 2 thanksgivings woo .. I love the holidays!!! <3 <3
Too many details to share in 140 chars-plz DM me an I'll provide a phone #
Math is the only class that makes me feel STUPID AF' -____-'
At Red Sox game... It's gotta be 50/50 Red Sox-Rockies fans...They already have the "Let's go Red Sox" chant going.... Only 1 pitch so far!
Love that!
oh hey!
RT #Obama2012slogans: “One thing for sure, if something went wrong – it wasn’t our fault!”
I really can't wait till school is out.
s/o to my new follower y
When a staff member brings an accusation against another staff member, it's up to the manager to do some fact finding before responding.
Pailla: This could be an ad-hoc committee with a deadline, keeping in mind student obligations, bipartisan, 8-9 people.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 7: "Best practices on using open resources"
Clarity, peace, serenity
I picked Kansas to be in the final four!
The chorus to The National's "Abel" is "my mind's gnarly", and I won't be convinced otherwise.
i just wanna let it go for the night
Anyone have a place in Venice that needs a housesitter in a week?
Re: I'll go with you!! I'm dieing to see it too.
thanks for the follow...
and yes, this is all I have to talk about in the mid-7th of a 7-2 #Brewers lead...
this too is a warning.... :P
no, not even sure what it is... Sounds like something that would further my disappointment in humanity. >_<
Listening to and are #thingsbetterthanSOPA i love these boys so F*** sopa and ur censorship
Hello , Im curious, my sister is named Kristine Neri, she lives in GA,
Trend today gone tomorrow
W8ing to get NFS Platinum when I get headset, tired of racing for last trophy
And ! RT : Happy birthday !
Eating a healthy Subway sandwich when I really want the greasy DoubleDown from KFC. Damn my body, why can't you handle fat better.
Do you have a great attitude? Are you well-spoken and confident? Then you are the sales consultant we're looking for! Email us your resume.
": ok, stop the tease, spill the beans." Yeah! Give us something here! :)
Almost fell on the guy next to me on te trolley. This day is going to be hilarious.
youu even said it yourself darling, noo need too lie on twitter(:
RT that when you find out ! And a vitamin for alertness. I want to quit coffee :/
That's funny...Maybe, I should worry more about the vegetables that have suffered/sacrificed themselves for my meal tonight?
Seriously. RT : ! Fix your audio!!!
mom. if I can't get my skinny jeans off, I doubt a rapist can.
victoria secret <3
- I remember seeing the video for "Spanish Sahara" and being entranced by the images & sound.
what a show! thanks #ABQ. stay tuned for more 2011 dates!
Cameroon pres elections holding Sunday, October 9. About 21 candidates running against incumbent president
realizing i have horrible posture when i'm in my office desk chair. now that i'm 32 i really do have to work on these things.
": Why is monday so far away from friday, but friday is so close to monday!!!??"
oh ok..you didn't miss anything b/c it was a flashback episode to the very beginning when she 1st started plotting her revenge
I think when there are widely available pictures of you doing keg stands in your underwear, you kind of accept a success-free life.
Im pretty sure Sopo rec will be open at 3 today
Cardiology deals with the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders of heart and blood vessels.
Ah, note to self: Facebook is not the place to be dramatic. Professors begin to ask questions then.
You know what the most expensive part of shopping on-line is? Shipping charges! We don't have any! http//www.sharperdefense.com
I'd say PDX weather is a little schizo in the Spring. :)
come to MOA
Just ate my weight in !
You suck. Can't display a pic.twitter image natively in android app, click link, get mobile twitter sign-in, lose URL!!!
where what
Thanks all who attended PerformanceAnxiety @ CultureFix! We had a great turnout & an amazing night! Look forward to seeing you again soon!
we are pretty bad about that...
You have to turn your talents into profits
It has been a long 10 months but I am proud of myself. Celibacy looks good on me. Continuing to move forward...
#e2conf: "If you don't have an enterprise-wide collaboration system, how can your employees effectively use social media externally?"
Thank you David, we're pretty excited about it too!! :-)
yall wanna go watch the playoff games with me??
One of the smoothies here is called Hangover Healer
#RG3OverLuck Drew Bledsoe was a guy who could make all of the throws and look where his career ended up. He's got that Killer Instinct!
people these days
RT : Just left the studio with my niggas and workin on some heat!!!!
today only comes once
Bale hails from Wales
what type of photography?
NFL seriously considering discontinuing its pro-bowl game, which is usually played in Hawaii. Discussions continue w/ NFL Players Assoc.
My science class is crazy
Now three and counting
how about meeting Thursday after work ?
Boo. (Yeah, I'll admit it) On the plus side, I now no longer watch the CW, which is probably healthy. RT : The CW cancels 'Ringer'
true love is like ghosts,which everyone talks about but few have seen it
you're a joke
Did u get an answer? I can only see the parts of the conversation from the people I follow. So I can c u, but not Tracy.
wrapping up a great week of boating and hanging with the family. a few more intense wrestling matches with the dog, then flying back to MKE
Had to talk to my siblings about adding MY friends on facebook.
Just got word Jason will be wearing his 3Bet 'Run Good?" shirt at the FT. Hope you RUN GOOD!
Didnt you know ignorance is the "new" kewl lmao j/k Got to love stupid ppl.
Globalnet Telecom.. Bespoke pricing & solutions for any business. Also recruiting Channel Partners throughout the UK. Call: 0844 880 2010
Dating's not about sex? :)
Spending my free day catching up on some crafting. :)
The nuns!
I don't know if there is research on it, but I see it as true. "Good job!" doesn't come out easily.
follow me, I'll send u a DM with my txt
Do you need to "Cure Your Male Pattern Boredom"? Visit www.machorhino.com! (via )
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone! Slainte!
Woot! Deal! :-) Happy birthday to you!!
": My dad's wearing a snapback..what a steezer lol" Suegro got swag, what you talkin' bout! Lol
I want this relationship to last .
Models finally casted!!! Show on Wednesday! It's bout to go off!
So, tomorrow is FRIDAY!
Be better than me.
lucky you :/
It's worth pointing out again. is less interested in truth than I am in brussel sprouts
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Ugh that's the worst. Good luck!
Amen RT : reminder to sport management students: You can't degree yourself into a job, and there is no substitute for experience.
would be a sweet matchup. We'll see if the Fly Boys can get past GW on Tuesday. You know how they fare against bad teams
Veteran Day Special - All Top Shelf Strains @ $35 an 8th: Purple Rhino, Alaskan Thunder Fuck, Sour Diesel, Lemon Diesel, Island Sweet Skunk
no worries ill keep them safe.
Enjoying an 80-degree day in beautiful Lake Forest. Many great patriots here.
So much homework I have to do, but I don't feel like doing any of it..
you already know!
thanks! I appreciate the follow
congratulations ahead of time!!! Enjoy every second of YOUR day. It goes by so fast!💐
WHYGO Automates 1100 Public Video Conferencing Rooms Worldwide - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Yes sir! Next time you're down you'll have to grab a plate! :)
yep that sign screams virginia alright...
no worries! will have the archive up soon, Cheers!
Blah, I'm bored I need people to text me (:
I believe it gives them false hope in many cases."you let me go, but you want me in network?"
“: No matter how hard I try, I can never look at you & pretend like I feel nothing. <3”
Have 3 kittens that are so little they still have umbilical cords attached. Animal control was gonna euthanize them. They need homes. HELP!!
tell your friend veronica, it's time to celebrate
That's a good one, I always teach it in first-year comp. classes.
CG will have to be closed today...back tomorrow at noon!
Apparently, they rig up a radar system that brings in the whole "A-2...miss" thing too.
A guy who's the triple threat #SomeoneIWantToMeet (;
Missing my sisters and and karla hurry up and,come home dang!
So today I learned a teacher in my school has a brother that is going to be one of the opening acts for One Direction…
lmao, you aint never lied... And Marcus, who says he never sent that message he thought I was trying to leave him alone
Pepsi free? #bttf RT : up can't give you a tab until you order
yea, pre 27, the east was not stacked? im talking teams, not individuals.
I'll be there RT : The Ronald McDonald House of Indiana hosts Swing for the Kids at Broadmoor Country Cub, tomorrow
Will buy but only if you promise to use the 5 bucks to buy a Cinnabon. Btw, great interview on NPR.
Our biggest enemies are the neoliberal tendencies within ourselves. Kill the wanna-be Hollywood mogul in your head.
Northway usually. Big, Bright, Shiny. Any of them are fine.
No hahaha. We never talk lol.
Rocking the shades
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
They need to be happy he's alive! Forget rushing him home
So, 3 different pizza places just showed up at our house, none of them were ordered by us. Who did it hahah.
I can’t wait to see how terrible and pixelated the entire Internet looks on the new retina MacBook Pro.
So naughty....
go to bed!
Hi Kurt - thanks so much for your RT! Hope all is well & you & your family are staying dry here in Austin.
Today, thus far: rain, sleet, rain-snow mix, snow-rain mix, sleety snow, snow. Enough!
So im an hour off schedule. Didn't get the memo
to me, db is step in interpreting evidence, by cataloging, regularizing, relating it.
Thanks! Followed you back. Happy Tuesday. :-)
We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit- #Aristotle - make #healthyliving a habit
Or Roots
Please follow me!:) We are waiting for you and Austin will come to Chicago!:D
#sca2012 Good morning. SCA session on digital curation: here's Heather Yager, Computer History Museum, on selecting open-source software.
- I've been a Trekkie since birth (I never had a chance). It's so close... I'll have to visit the Twin Peaks locations soon.
well there went an hour and a half my employer will never get back
Remember that awesome speech made at Sundance a couple years ago? Anyone know how the distribution of RED STATE is going?
Dang proved me wrong huh boo! Everyone give minaj_stan a round of applause twitted him!
lucky you, would you had got in trouble?
the Frankenstein ish ones?! I wanted those, but we were to broke at the time.
Happy Birthday...have a good one:)
sounds good, Gallery Hop is on that Saturday too, we could promote heavily on High St
She can love you good but I can fuck you beta...
No judgement here! People who don't like mayo just say that because they don't want to sound 'fat.' EVERYONE LOVES IT.
I'm not sick. I feel perfectly fine.
Just finished talking to my mom on the phone. Another ca-razy saturday night in our world!
have fun buddy!
got a gun?
You're looking sunny,
Sorry Guys not the real PacMan just a fan!! Follow the real pacman I'm just a fan guys!!
RT “: For another great chat, will be joining #shiftingthemonkey chat on his book tomorrow at 9cst #educoach”
I thought it was an awesome show live. I actually thought there was a chance Cole had the belt won in the main. Great match.
The reNEWBOLD project page is officially ready for tomorrow's launch. Going to pass out now.
"so far as we know the entire benefit of dietary fiber comes through it's conversion to short -chain fats by probiotic gut bacteria"
Twelve hrs shooting .... Tomorrow twelve hrs again .... I'm beat :-(
All day! RT : Who wants to see a hilarious blog site for done by your boy? RT if u feel it!
have fun!
Match Rule #8: Don't sign up if you've been drinking.
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES alton brown
all of u follow me!
Just bought a new bikini top and wedges for Las Vegas next week! , ,
thanks for the #FF :-)
Lookin for Boone Pickens @ the #BedlamBaseball game. Gonna ask him if I can tie my wiener shaped banner to his G6.
RT : Gonna have a long ass day tmrw
ya just one sec
RT : I really should be studying right now. Whoopss
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." John D. Rockefeller
#WeWillAlwaysSupportYouAustin I Will Always Support You Austin<3 never forget that your mahomies love you and will never give up on you:)
Samee here ! /; RT : I need to see my baee asap:/
#NowPlaying - Missy Higgins - Don't Ever
I need cable lol
Thanks Brian...Cheers!
"101" also looks like a herd of dalmatians.
“: We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight !!” me too!
I do now thanks to
Hi Michael, thanks for the #FF mention - I hope you're doing well!
Get these fuck boys off the court
legit video
Oh ya lol he's the alpha now!
I MEANT "why didn't you say HI to us?" And thus ends my attempts at witty replies to others' tweets.
I haven't taken a nap in forever!
what would your song be?
Hoping the Coyotes tie this series up tonight.
Well tell me then
See everyone tonight at my Presidents Reception! www.chesapeaketech.org
who Courtney?
Awesome!! I'm glad you had the chance to experience it and you found it amazing. Hope you share your experience with others.
So far so good. Only feel slightly dirty.
I trust people if they don't give me a reason not to buy once my trust is gone theres no way in hell to get it back
This #pencilchat is seriously funny. Check it out!
images + lots of contrast, convert to 1px by height, look for bits that are black, those are your images. ewlarson
: nothing. I haven't knitted or crocheted in weeks. I have little to nothing left.
RT #nmsplc "If you don't know a subject you can't teach it. If you aren't a content expert the equation doesn't balance." Craig Barrett
If Brown stays right he'll keep tea party happy but no one else. He said he'd be independent - not just a NO.
It's in those moments God corrects you.. you're Instantly Humbled.
See you in a few. I'm changing shoes.
and I have a table outside!
Grab Bag Sale continues! Just realized how much great stuff we are basically giving away! Ops ;)
now he is howling
#progressparty hosts inc +Neil,Fallon,Laura&James Z
PVK throws down an awesome 400im tonight. Love it when the guys race off events and kick some ass in the process.
Be extra creative and extra vigilant to keep up with tech in the coming year. Play and explore. -
Glad to hear they liked the demo! It rocks bro!
Seth is anxious about going to Texas tomorrow for the Dylan #Ratigan show to talk about #Wevegottimetohelp. He will do great!
sweet! Let me know and I can meet you for ones without the service charge!
Marriage is a beautiful thing! Congrats to the newlyweds Robert & Ariana Garcia!
Your Stupid Game Addiction Earned Zynga $321 Million Last Quarter
Pukka's love tea..rose, chamomile,lavender.yum
SNOW 2.0 Investments in the biz: Personnel, data centers, #cloud ops, cloud architecture,
how did you like the fencing show?
We graduate in 21!
Get On Fb Little One
Woke up to the message I was not looking from her
Trust the boat that knows the ocean.
80 cappers with wk FB plays posted so far with cons sount up but not listed yet. Bigg FB Sat coming and will have consensus plays posted
Commencement wknd at ! Congrats all! Shout out to my seniors! It has been a privilege. See you later!
Thak you so much! Support greatly needed.
Niggas be lying over that petty shit.
i'm not spending any money tomorrow!!! i'm done will anyone be in the I'M #OCBound !!
Who"s the big winner tonight ?
Love a #naturist special getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Odd, I did yeah... I will have another go at it. The email on your page, right? Maybe Andrew doesn't like my gmail account?
scared to death that John Cusack is supposed to save us all from oblivion in 2012! What happened? Wasn't Bruce Willis available?!
Woah... Julie can sleep tweet...
And you could have just gotten me a ticket to each of those places... Would make my year! or Life!!
Hey roise whats up with ur show on own did they cancel it or r u on vac please tell me u r coming back on???
I should watch #Glee right when I wake up everyday...sets the right tone.
#Imagine Justin brings Pattie on stage & he sings Turn To You on the Believe Tour. Beliebers will flood the entire arena with tears. THIS (:
can be such a b**** and I love her for it.
Back to learning about Compass Learning Odyssey. Will I be able to use this in my classroom?
I was just thinking about that, but I have no idea .__.
Just got the first shipment of supplies for Warped tour!! Cant fucking wait!!! -G
The English destroyed a Paspahegh town in August 1610 and executed Wowinchapuncke’s wife and children.
On The Menu: Salsa
just found the kittens!
Agreed, one of many players who connecs w/ fans thru social media. 130+ guys on Twitter!
Twany in the first half?
False alarm. Show tonight cancelled.
you should go to the chocolate factory hey
Not ready for state tests; ESPECIALLY math -_-
Finish watching Yankees game with grandfather! :)
I went to his office and he was there lol. We talked for a min and he gave me a book on the HIstory of Rock n Roll
Oops was she talking to me? Earphones are in babygirl :)
oh oh ... >> hides vintage Blackhawks sweatshirt <<
over the summer you will never be at your house- it will be great XD
"Happy Monday" is an oxymoron like American Education.
Today is the day of the #sls12! Yes, there will be awesome speakers. Yes, there will be great panels. Yes, it will be epic.
lol that's funny man
I appreciate your tweet and attention, MPSE!
if i were to see you in public, what should i do? lol
Love that three of the best women journalists are right here at home
feel better
Send my best to Jo'burg/Jozi/eGoli
That I Don't Care Look People Have In Pictures<<
grl.! The next few wks should b interesting
looks so delicious! Can't wait to try it.
we did good we won! but it was so hot everyone was like passing out it was scary haha. hbu?
Galileo at Csc w f Murray Abraham is just brilliant.
I miss Maxx
#edumooc3 like the live panel but wiah the webinar (Elluminate?) screen was more visible
m chantrel mushroom bisque. i'll be going on a run tonight...
Congratulations to all the students that walked today! #HookEm \\m//
lmao I knoo! U had them white ppl in front of us weak
Thanks bro! “: hell yeah brotha ill b watchin here on internet!”
Best conference ever attended: 1st International Small Giants Summit in Konstanz, Germany. Great sessions. Great parties.
Who just saw our Big mac McDonald's commercial featuring old school hip hop during the Bears game? GO Bears and Happy Holidays!
Lemon layer cake is so scrumptious with 7 minute frosting. A true lemon curd makes the best filling. Happy birthday!
$10 free gift card with purchase of every $25 card you buy! The holiday gift everyone will love ~ today only!
Good News: We have four more SloPig tickets to give away! We'll post a new question at 4 p.m. today.
Nah I'm good.
Yeah most likely. I think they open 1/2 hour earlier last week of month!
... eh, he was okay. Nothing spectacular. Hes a fucking bum tho obviously.
what are the pros to it?
hahahaha okay sounds like a plan!!! Lets do this! Lol
I repeat....why is Jefferson in the game?? Lee won the first game. Give him a shot!
Getting ready to start my session on Games in 101GH. Quite a crowd already!
At Al's Den tonight for some music from Lewi Longmire. It's great to put the spotlight on all the great talent here. Live on KGW.
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout School!!! RT If you hate when ppl tweet about ppl at their school that you don't even know!!! (Follow Me!!!)
isn't that normal? RT : #shehechat so room full of people to talk to at #amcchicago and I'm sitting in the corner with my phone. :)
bless you!
Going to see Hanna with my step-mom. The last film she saw in a theatre was Vanilla Sky.
I'm single and chillin' and y'all lonely and stressing.
Hey there
and more taking the same emt and my English. Start the intermediate and all the bios next term
Romney's secretary of state will be Jesus, the secretary of defense will be a Jesussaurus Rex, the secretary of commerce a Mr. Fig Newton
Hail storm in Denver right now... Crazy
Google+ Hangout! RT : Let's all Skype While Tweeting #foodiechats A8 #foodiechats That Ways we All Dine Together!!
RT : Just an FYI: The "news" of a contract extension for Ohio State's Gene Smith is from a release from October of 2008.
Went from sea level to 6700+.Forgot it makes you suck wind.SO my golf game isn't what it should be.OK, it never is, but now have an excuse.
Votto getting walked like his new contact deserves.
Face your problems. Don't facebook your problems.
Good seeing you today. It's been a while..
I have nick <3
You have a point! but most of us spend most of our time unaware of our Union - so there is an opportunity for achievement
Will Ferrell is wearing my mothers old shag rug as a toupee on SNL. Guess he trumped my Dinner plans. Asshole
#HighBloodPressure Ways to Combat Mindless Eating Ways to Combat Mindless Eating
&#39;Avengers&#39; full of Hulk-ing fun
That's Closer thinking ! RT : Russell OK with new duties. Says closers have to be a little messed up, and he fits that.
Yes! #saysthe13yearoldgirlinme RT: : Are there really people out there who want to watch #TitanicIn3D .... ?
we have gobstoppers. U jelly?
We are OPEN today for all of your pool party/day off/drank too much at the race/lunch and dinner needs.
And you wonder why people don't want you around.
Hotel reported we had ~0300 people on the wireless at the keynote this morning at #CILDC - not bad for an area the hotel wifi doesnt reach.
If you post self portraits on the Internet, stop it...
yes it worth it if u are Chinese lol
We are excited that is supporting gala!
had a splender on her ass lol her booty was bleeding.
Breakfast with grandma and gramps! 😊😘
Meetings that serve no purpose just suck! This is a complete waste of time & 3 hours of my life I'll never get back.
Oh OK! Thank you!
Chris Rock has definitely been the funniest presenter so far, and I love that he totally practiced the foreign names
Its starting to feel fally at night in NJ. I am happy to get a taste.
I could live on chips & salsa...
ok for now a pillow then maybe next time braclets
Having a great birthday today!
RT : Damn girl, you've got a Mubarak. (an ass that won't quit)
What does I shamrock new York mean?
There will be a time when your dreams will come true. That's when u will have to support others to make it posible too! DREAM BIG. DB
Also, I may be wrong about the deadline. ACRL is 2/15, but maybe not everything is?
u think that the retirement of b roy hurts or harms the team.
yo dick big
I've asked on Facebook before...but are any of my Twitter followers amazing website designers? I'm in the market. :)
#whosgonnalose - Jacksonville at New England - Jacksonville will lose
This street is never ending !
Just finished day 1 at the seattle bike expo, come check it out tomorrow! :)
Wish you could come watch a game with us, that silly job of yours really gets in the way!
Via LATimes/Shanghai protesters outside a Starbucks were arrested for denouncing high food costs. No hi coffee price protests reported.
Did just say Peyton Manning, the brother of YOUR New York Giants QB, Eli Manning on NBC Nightly News.
Put a shirt on Chris Brown
he deserves it...that's why I love JR
Oh wow congrats! That sounds great, is it your film or are you seeing someone else's?
RIP Levon Helm.I just saw him 3 wks ago and his voice sounded mouch better than it did 2 yrs ago. God bless, he played until the day he died
Had such a god night =) I need more nights like that!! Love you ArielBeezy & our krew out in Tempe, the Condo was Amazing!!!
I think the most important quality needed to become a successful entrepreneur is self-discipline. You need it in every aspect of your life.
thx for the follow!!
Pre-register online or call 282-4630 for Digital Pictures with Flickr at the Main Library on February 21st at 11:30am.
I'm wondering whether banning mobiles in the classroom is missing the point - use technology to support learning
long island
What About Your Fans From WASHINGTON? Don't You Love Us Too!? :(
"The Dry Land" is sold out.
Watching VH1 100 greatest songs of 00's. WTF happened to music?
oh sorry:(
Man will you stop your nonsense on Floyd! He's not scared of anybody. I would pay to see smith/bayless fight
Our sponsor Printing Partners has been named to The BCA 10: Best Companies Supporting the Arts in America for 2011. Congratulations!
I thought that place was dead to you
i followed
re your comment: OH HELL YES. And thank you.
I bought a skirt @ deedee & edee and I often get compliments when I wear it! A stylish shop with great clothes and jewelry.
GUYS I CAN'T THOUGH LIKE IS HE EVEN REAL HOW IS SOMEONE THAT FUCKING PERFECT
What do u do for work now?
How did I never turn right at the #MilwaukeeArtMuseum and run through Lake Shore State Park until last week?!
WEDS HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE= 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO/IMPORT BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE
#Falanghina is one of my favorites but not well known I don't think, in the US. Do you have a favorite producer?
I've gotta pee but I don't feel like it
Don't Stop Me Now - Queen
My mama Bday party today I caint wait to kick they ass in some Bid it's going down
make sure you can afford 's meal stipend!!! Might be a deal breaker!
On the inside?
About to head to now
this segmented hose or faucet thing looks kind of like a big insect leg?!
How to avoid sprawl in mil.base reuse? College campus only economical option?
me also would love to do today
There is 2 other people in my class, and a teacher..
I wish I could grow a beard.
you don't listen to very good music
Had such a great time last night at #IRIS at the Kodak Theatre. My fave Cirque show to date!! Although, #Zumanity is a close second ;)
Interesting point
hahaha well im tan but im kinda red
t someone that sounded like a great person. I said I'll meet them and I do it. Sorry if it seems like something else. But its nothing. T ...
Good morning sexy pants!!!! Have a FAB weekend loves!!! Muah! Xo
he's trusting his closer, well at least somewhat
“: just started studying John, so happy to have your podcasts to go along w/it!!” //
Hrmmm no and the show breaks down. Coincidence? I think not! #he'sthegluethatheldtheshowtogether
Time to head for gym:((
yes if u want to send something in do so quickly
cue Rob Bell
Boy, those #Badgers are looking good! :)
Haven't been on here in months so I guess I'll play around a second
interesting how you came to Twitter to tell us about your Tumblr. A link might be helpful Mr. Mayfield.
Chorizo Burrito makes troubles go away.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!55
JOIN AIGA! it's awesome. I volunteered once and now I am on the events programming committee. Lots of great people.
If the Devils score again, I can't see how the Flyers come back.
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back...ya know, since you're not really using it. Sincerely, _usic
City of Laredo Texas Home Expo 2009 Sat and Sund July 11 and 12th at the LEC Arena. Register to win 2 roundtrip tickets to Las Vegas
“: I've seen them! They're right across from my dentist.” yep they are pretty
RT No Problem. #iSupport #Art RT Today is one of those days where I need to feel the LOVE! THANK YOU!
k wut. why is #tumblr down. now i can't go to sleep...
Thanks Dinosaur Train and for teaching the kid to eat his greens like a "hungry hungry herbivore"
Lmao this boy walking down the hallway saying my mans boner was higher than his ACT lmao!!!
thanks for the ri!
I feel yu
lol I know I'm in the same class as you
What? American Express offers it.
See poet Christian Bok's work in this area.
ya but what's the point in staying nothing so hat Monday thank u
actually, bitch. i hope you don't come back to parkway tomorrow, cause you're annoying and cosmo is so much better without you:)
My Dad is expressing interest in getting an iPhone. Oh boy!
Reading Gregory Corso's Elegiac Feelings American. Inspired to pick it up once again by Sonic Youth who pays tribute to Corso on new album
Just watched another epic performance by on StageIt! Check back tomorrow for a full review!
Shirley - viewed in its general tenor and substance
Jeremy Lin sounds like Matt Saracen
You owe me if not! If it's not, you follow me mister! That's the deal! Hahaha But serious, I want you to be proud of it.
Just found out about the party.. Hope I haven't missed much
I'm always flattered when asked if The Handy Craftsman is a franchise. I take this question as a compliment.
thank YOU! I downloaded it and am looking forward to reading it!
#Houston's daughter treated &released from LA hospital for stress & anxiety. Bobbi still out on tour
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!!! GO AND FOLLOW THEM!
haven't had a chance to listen yet, but I will let you know once I do. :-) /
From I'd rather suck my dads dick then yours
She's the SWEETEST girl!!! And she still has puppy breath!!! =))
well let me know if you want to get together later, I'll probably leave Charlotte in late morning
Aw, your so nice! (:
Praying for texas Lord send help keep the families in texas in Jesus name Amen
lol....you know this...MAN!! haha MISS YOU MY CHRISTA!!!!
"If she read Fear Street instead of Goosebumps, she'll put out."
Prepare to tailor your style every six months for fashion maintence
Good for him! Why do R's want to destroy our country's beauty with such fervor and glee! Stop backing big oil!
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.” - Martin Buber, German philosopher
Another promising historical that pub'd today - Bernard Cornwell's new title THE FORT about American Revolution
Is there a link to the release?
one time i joked to my mom and said "i like my men how i like my coffee. black." and now she says wiz khalifa is my husband :-(
Time to pack for SF!!! Hate packing but it'll be way worth it!!
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
Dj Robbie Rob!
drink and think of as many patriot insults as possible. Much love!!
ohh that's nice to hear :) soo what u been up too?
the start of a story (if the whole thing loads) If you like it there is more writing on the "writtings" page at tomsmithguitarist.com. He
There's 8:01 remaining in the first period. I wonder what's coming up next...
It's kinda bullshit that so many airport kiosks sell sweatshirts but not pants. What if I need pants?!
Sierra! :D
Now they're making crap up.
Amen sista! Words of wisdom!
morning' Glen
Thanks for the follow, I really look forward to your tweets #voiceover #voice over
"relational" dbs come out of cs decades ago; cs approaches/philosophies as varied as dh is.
I am a ceiling fan, especially during rain.
« I love my girls »
hey I have an Exam wish me luck?? (: xo
I really wanted to see The Hunger Games tomorrow.
I think what freaked the airport security out the most was I so relaxed about it. I was like, "I can take off my pants too, if you'd like."
I'm sure she's exceptional. Post to us about bachelorhood and how it made you and your relationship better!
Take It Take It To The Floor. Show em Show Em How We Roll. Drop It Drop It Drop It Low. Drop Drop It Low Drop Drop It Low. Ctfuuuuu.
yes welcome back Zizzzzzzo
i will be back on
I like the cupcakes.
BIG congrats to Brian and the on 10 years in AdMo!!!! Big Up!
High of 23 today. Get your hat/scarf ready! (finally!)
Before Christ, I was NOTHING. With Him, ALL things are possible.
tyvm! Getting out the word!
oh i love <3 RT 3 more days until I get to see my wifey
I don't know how to tell you this...so I'll just say it: You rock my socks.
the weekend of the 28th
paris thats my fav. eventhough the star are blind if you show me real love baby l show you mines..
spinach, leeks, artichokes, onions and garlic - divine!
Wellingderps and David... we are all so sadistic
Understanding the role of "Hydrocarbon Wealth" is fundamental to understanding the the Middle East.
Radio_pirate thanks i hope so too! Thats gonna be an Awesome birthday present!!!!
You forgot the first rule of remakes, Jill. Don't fuck with the original!
: What?! This is so disheartening. People really need to get over themselves. Ugh.
Argh. I hate how Daylight Savings Time screws up my Dreamweaver synchronization data.
That is terrible..... But still laughing hard:-) thanks for the laugh!
The app is excellent--fast, simple way to find books and have them sent to your local branch. (Yes I still read actual books.)
are you also a speed talker?
Lets go Show off that pink driver.
I am so captivated by what's happening in Syria.I understand there's hurdles, but surely there's something to be done to stop the massacre.
": I need to learn to stop expecting so much." Words from the wise
One man drinking games is my favorite mayday parade song, omg.
I don't like running in the rain.
That's very comforting. Coming from a marketing major at a party school.
I watch Ubaldo pitch the same way I want a horror movie: hands over my eyes, peeking between my fingers, braced for something bad to happen.
shower + nap.
Bottles bottles bottles bottles and more bottles "drunk" (with a head nod)
Think you know your #Medeco? Find out today during my certification class. Questions will be asked. Reply back to win
What did you say you would do in 2011 that you haven't started yet?
We all have a function in the body in order for it to operation as it should.
If a movie isn't a hit right out of the gate, they drop it
Happy Birthday to Mr.
Are there any good new imagines??(:
RT : Brilliant use of social media; Cobra escapes from Bronx Zoo, tweets, has 163k followers in days.
I would definatly have to say timessqaure. (:
RT : Boy: Would you like to be the sun of my Life? Girl: Aww... yes! Boy: Then stay 9,995,887.6 miles away from me."
This Boston game suck now ... it feel like I'm watching a high skool game now ..!
On my way back to the Big Apple after an amazing few days away.
thanks for posting about our drupal meet up!
Only you can make my body tremble like Leo in 'Titanic', or Cusack in 'Say Anything'.
Thanks to our new followers , , and You make us feel so popular!
See you Saturday?! <3
Very cool, Sara. And that's a great pic. ;-)
Thanks for the retweet
You're really making it hard to concentrate
uhm..then stop tweeting me? Like seriously? It goes both ways. And same to you darling.
“: US Hispanic spending power to hit $1.5 trillion in 2015 from $1 trillion in 2010. ~Nielsen via
Thankfully, it is all better because of parrots.
maybe we need to make a chant out of that...
Holy Jesus ! I'm so surprised Christina got rid of Jesse Campbell !!
#resume #tips Talking to a woman soon in TX (?) about SEO and how it applies to resume writing and all that! -Jason
ouch, you get tornados? That sucks. We get gnarly earthquakes
you're a better man than I
Time for bed i got this 10 hour drive back home tomorrow
It's funny how the power of someone's writing on a page has the power to make people think it's authority.
We saw it twice today. Beautiful words and beautiful music; our 7 yo daughter was mesmerized.
. The Color Kittens by Margaret Wise Brown. "The kittens fell asleep in the warm dark night with all their colors out of sight..."
do you represent ?
been meaning to change our icon. I DONT HAVE BRACES ANYMORE! emily pick a picture and edit it aalrady?
how was dinner?
Why the crap was Lindsay Lohan on Glee tonight? & why in the world did they refer to her as "America's sweetheart"? No just no.
saw Black Death at the burton last night; readying my #beakdoctorcostume for Halloween
Might be able to bring a bit of chili to the globes tonight, so you don't have to go hungry.
Hat's off to Hers was the best of talks today!
Those interested in comics and computerishness might be interested in the comic markup language from
Wow, congrats Man City!
Oh, perfect! We're covered, then. :)
Better yet, proofread and then have someone else proofread it too.
Yes very much so, new system, he will get his shot! RT: ": speights an option now?
its okay lol
DAMN RITE... WERE MY BBY
We have the worst communication.
You got it,man. Have a great day!
Trying to plug things into the wall in the dark never goes well.
am i the only one working today?
Just a reminder that as there is no 420 area code, today holds no numerical significance whatsoever.
First complete day off since dec. 26th. Anyone up for fun? I like fun.
I hate hearing her ugly ass voice. Why couldn't I be wolverine..lord knows I'd slice her guts out...ugh
Just painted a wall I am the wall painter, painter of walls.
Roland Smith: use THEIR language 2 get through 2 leaders abt getting better at leadership (ex: tell CFO u want 2 run a diagnostic)
I'M SO STOKED TO SEE MY BOFRIEND TOMORROW WHO IS BETTER THAN ANY OF YOU. <3
Up since 6am cleaning house. Lots to get off my mind.
I'm leaving at like 2 on Wednesday.
If you are superstitious tomorrow is Friday the 13th. Get your equipment fixed today!
Slam dunk contest is just the rap game now. WACK
I know. Just thought I'd pass that along 4 those of the male-appreciating persuasion. Your #atheism makes U hotter, 2.
You and me nothing together
So tired but want today to go quick so I can go fishin with Mikey! :)
I really wanna go to Haiti. What countries you wanna visit?
Getting off twitter because I'm so bored and there's no one to talk to so bye
omg its rainning.
Nobody is taking the bait with my taunts. They must have spec'd in taunt resistance. (anyone who gets that joke is a nerd)
That awkward moment when someone gets mad at you and you just can't seem to care
can i buy tickets and if so where? Thx :)
lol is this a convo we need to have on twitter lol
Cant find a status that matches my mood at this very moment.
Definitely one of my favorite things to do.
My juice spilled..
game is less than 30 min. away!!
he did.
K I'm locking you in now, I'm going to text you so that you can do the same
Congrats Colin!! RT : Excited to say I'll soon be joining Team , though I'll miss the awesome folks at !
Solid night of deck making, burrito eating, and dog walking. Nice work
#NP--birds take a bath--Future
Yay! Jean Dujardin won best actor
thats wassup, what do you have in the pipeline currently that may need some assistance?
Question of interest: Would you order more burgers if you could order online or through your phone and then just pick it up? Thoughts?
In darts, what constitutes as a "hat-trick"?
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
You know you're a band geek when you use how happy you are by a scale of 0-updated prelims score.
Curious about your thoughts: What #golf item would you be excited to receive this holiday season?
just barely caught the 21. On my way!
Google music becomes "Google Play".. call it what you want it's still my music service of choice. if you = android, get acquainted.
So are you launched now??? Weekly photo contest looks fab.
You're very observant!(:
You guys are nasty .. I can hear you from this room .. #NastyA/F
oh well he can :P HI CHRIS'S DAD XD lol i love you christopher :) your my everything :)
that's two raven players we picked up for defense
's trustees have voted to sell Tell why you think this is a bad idea.
If this heifer don't txt me back.. M. Gunna be some serious problems!
Final step before becoming a Jedi? Standardized multiple choice test.
birchbox, where are you? birchbox birchbox men, can't wait to see you!! :) So excited to see what's in the first Birchbox for men!
most frustrating thing about my "job"? listening to the MILLIONS of excuses why somebody CAN'T go to school...excuses are like..right? >=/
lol "are you missing zach?)" - dad "...no, is just playing basketball so I'm bored." me lololol.
Educational technology is mostly tokenism, a way of saying "hey we're modern, too." - Alan Kay
Been less active on the twitterz lately because I'm booking lots and lots of gigs. Be back soon - promise!
Sticks and stones and weed and bones.
i get annoyed easily
haha im assistant..nothing fake here.
if they hate on Justin they were NEVER beliebers!
1 black man vs. 20 men in black. #spoilleralert. The caps won in OT.
I'm sure it's a hit.
hi naddem this is Amirand iam from Hebron. I do work on the same Dev team. you are doing a good job though.
HELL YEAH!!!! TEX WITH THE RUN HOME RUN!!! 2-0 LEAD!
Creativity isn't something to be ignored. Ignoring your creativity is ignoring your authentic self. And you REALLY don't want to do that...
WRESTLE MANIA IN AN HOUR CANT WAIT TILL JOHN CENA BEATS THE ROCK..I STILL LUV THE ROCK BUTT HE HAS GOTTEN MEAN!!
Spend my whole life puttin on, you spend your whole life puttin up.
[piano bar music] “gh, i”
motherfuckers wanna find me.
LA was never my plan, but I'll go where the opportunity takes me.
Central Park is full of wondrous things, like a zoo and stuff. East Village/ near NYU also fun for walking around
i fucking hate when kids comment my status thinking they're god or some shit. what the fuck
I DON'T GET IT, fat ugly girl, skinny alright guy, CUTE as baby, like WHAAT !
The thing is, I don't mind pants. It's the oppressiveness of socks that I detest.
Avoid the hecklers
Watcha know about half off 97
A question for NOLA #sla2010 attendees, particularly What is the price of a Kamikaze shot at Lafitte's?
#html5 semantics useful for blogs but not so much for say portfolios (ie, no articles per se)? Seeing shifty use of aside, nav, section...
I truly want to trip anyone who finds it necessary to run down Carson street.
everybody has something to shout about just let go before it brings you down - :) great song! Give it a listen!!!
Madz got picked up early. I don't have her tomorrow. :)
they recently had lapchang... in a dessert round. wait, mashing chicken feet?
Bored as hell need some new ppl to tlk to
At Costco again ugghhh
Ya I was taking pulls of benefits till like 4a.m from what I am told, but I remeber nothing after about 2p.m.
12,373,445 passengers hopped on ABQ RIDE during 2011. Each one of them saw Interior Ads. Ask me about reaching these people.
Yes indeed! You going on Friday?
Omg me too ! :p i'm so sleepy :O << yawn hehe :P
Hanging out with , , , and at ! Indy wedding ideas!
"My favorite thing about the United States? Lots of Americans, one America." ~Val Saintsbury
Working today in Madison, WI with Troy Reeves, director of the OH program at UW-Madison on Oral History in the Digital Age best practices
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Instruction does not prevent wasted time or mistakes; and mistakes themselves are often the best teachers of all.-- James Anthony Froude
Going to the Bruins game tonight? Stop in for dinner and drinks before or after! GO BRUINS
O WOW THIS TRACK IS TIGHT!!!! I love it! do u have the lyrics to it written out
Not sure if the mechanism is NFC, but the door does open upon waving the key near the sensor.
Haha I have to go die in a hole!
come to ireland? Hah then we can hang! Lol
“: Marcus Denmon is a killer🏀” Where is he from. That's all we put out is killers.
congrats guys!!
well, duh.
World Of Warcraft, Fanta Stick Baby.
In e-mail, says they are closing, effective immediately.
Gonna cry all day lol fuck you all
It's just brutal to watch the Grizzlies play like this. The turnovers, the bad passes, the dumb fouls. We're beating ourselves.
To get what you want, design a business that gives a large number of people what they want.
Some folks are commenting about Tiger's mom's demeanor during his televised statement.
I love it, too! In fact, I really need to schedule an appointment! :)
#ImpracticalJokers Funny shit I can't stop laughing #MyStomachHurts it's gonna be a funny night
Thanks for the reTweet!!
God I'm tired. I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow.
SHOwer Time!! :P
Its god. You know how brooklyn go lol hows georgia ?
lmao u wild cuzzo...im at the office watching movies and shit
I'm your biggest fan!
Pay no attention to those who say it can't be done. That's just their opinion, not your reality.
That annoying couple who decided to show the world over Facebook and twitter how much they love each other.
Thats what i said lol RT My fingers are too fat for Draw Something.. :(
"For example, let's say the Patriots win by 35, with Brady finishing 34-for-35 for 450 yards and 6 TDs." no too far off, billy
Hey there stranger! How and where have you been?! If you get a chance also check out !
Thanks for listing me in 2011 Women Who Move the City issue!
I think is the best
Wishing can only keep you alive for moments, but having your wish comes true keeps you alive forever.
Yeah Tim Tebow created the Rhodesian Ridgeback because they're both from South Africa and all
with your skinny self? Cover up those legs brother before you scare somebody. #irenehaseffectedyourmind :-)
Don't forget! We're running our LIKE ME LOTTERY! Be our 725th 740th and 800th like and recieve a FREE copy of our EP!!!
i always follow ppl back #teamfollowback :)
This picture is an overwhelming display of facial expressions :-)
Right? Color us flattered. =D
CNNheroes What a touching program &the stuff I'd like to include on my all positive story news network. So Much 2b Thankful 4. Report that!
dad got a twitter??? hes such a nerd
Thank you Nora Rupert from the Broward County School Board for attending the JFG I&I Ceremony High School on Tuesday night.
in first grade, i remember that I was Blue from Foster's Home of Imaginary Friends! i freakin' loved that show..
why did they bring the charlie angels show back with the same type of flow - three female angels. men can be agels too.
Congrats! You all are the best!! Can not wait to visit.
thanks Gee! Glad you like them!
WAIT....are you selling your tickets or??
actually marriage is really common in this generation, divorce is too. old people are old fashioned and are afraid of divorce.
SONGS TOO
You are too nice!! Thanks lovely sister 💗
Wow, crazy comeback for the Clips.
Watching #DanceMoms best show ever!
Concussion chops? Anyone?...
That would be decent!!
Aww that sounds like fun!! :D Who are you going to dress up as? :)
$BZRT - OTC Pink is
I missed being able to wear a tank top ♥ :)
THIS SONG IS SO AMAZING I LOVE IT! RELEASE THIS ON ITUNES ALREADY AUSTIN!
"You can't rename your dog! That dog is going to have an identity crisis."- Ma mere after learning Tim Tebow renamed his dog
Shut up shut up shut up. Omfg
Home alone so imma plug my iPod to my speakers and take a shower lol
The University of California, Santa Barbara&#39;s independent, student-run newspaper.
anyone with nekoosa/Lancaster updates?
Congrats!!!! That's awesome :)
"Look, Grandpa sent me an Amish tweet!" -- that's referring to getting a letter in the mail. He's on a roll!
just joined the world of twitter :)
Hey Monday, I fucking love you mate
BREAKING: William Cannon closed between Westgate and Brodie.
“: #Aquarius is a free spirit who values independence.”true !
Thanks. Not much different from other name generators -- no lateral, associative thinking, just word blends.
If She Go To Chicago I Will Be There!!!
No one can qualify or disqualify you based on what you tell them over the phone, only a healthcare provider has that authority in person!
I was assigned someone to kill so I have to kill them. Someone is on the prowl for me right now too!
Ethnic World Pageants is accepting delegates for the 2012 Pageant and we are accepting applications for state and country directors.
oard...i been working on music fareal...what day is it?
slander is wrong
Definitely. We don't need to squat on their land just for the Lithium and Heroin. American lives aren't worth it
Ugh fuck this
I mean it, if i meet justin bieber, my life is going to be made <3
": Don't feel so bad about that loss, Blazer fans. Warriors lead the Lakers by 15 in the 4th."
WBA did a survey of communicators, and results say they are much more optimistic than the general public.
obvious...but impossible...sad state of affairs
Has to be Altuve with Lowrie a close 2nd. Wandy has been great too.
#askaubrey Random Question: What's ur favorite perfume? Looking for a new scent & like some options. Gotta mix it up :)
going to be hard when others team would pay to get in plus sacrifice other kids like in the hunger games
con't Communication and listening are also important
Remember, remember The Fifth of November, when #OccupyAtlanta takes back Troy Davis Park.
Global midterm was fairly easy..2 math tests today..fun fun fun :/
It's only Monday...
Okay so, for the first paragraph, talk about like a connection to your toy or like an intro to it
on election day, 10,000 recall signatures collected by 600 volunteers in 13 hours - 13 signatures / minute
About to go tho my lil sis volleyball game hope they win everybody wish her luck
Check out American Businessperson is an educational talk show featuring guests nationwide and Promotes American Dreams.
It’s Prix Fixe Tuesday! Enjoy a 3-course dinner for just $18.95 per guest! How can you pass that up?!
coriander oil a great way to kill bacteria & more!
some fucking junkie stole my bike right off the front of the motherfucking bus
Nearly every #brewers player is underachieving thus far. Most concerned with Axford, Ramirez, Braun, in that order.
RT iF you love justin bieber!!!!!!!
U said Obama's theology is "...phony.... Not...based on the Bible." That's what #evangelicals u r courting say about ur faith.
Man my uncle is funny as hell man
Before speaking, take a breath. Ask yourself, "Is it worth it?" - Marshall Goldsmith
You are too too kind (blushing!!) Thanks!
Are you coming to MoCCA, or you just want someone to distro for you?
"I oughta come down there and kick you right in your c#%t!" RT : your a filthy women!
hi we saw your tweet re: CITP We're looking for partners for a new innovation network. Any suggestions?
It's follow friday, my good man! When you tell people who they should be following!
always cheers me up (:
Thanks! I love your town. I spent a couple weeks there in '09 training for Ironman Canada. Beautiful!
Church then hanging out with :)
Where were all you heat fans at last night tho?
Good to hear! I'm addicted to journals, art supplies, etc. The possibilities are so delicious :)
I'm all for in LA but I'd rather have a Winter Classic where there's a chance of snow.
Last Friday Night<3(; i love you girl thnks for being there for mee Crackheaddd Aunt(: #HarryPotterNerd(: #Ploop(:
Washington County Sheriff investigating shooting death in Lake Elmo. Body found in driveway. Neighbors reported shot or shots.
dude somebodies acct got hacked or somebody was feeling the whiskey last night :)
Awww there's doing behind the music Aaliyah
Thanks for the opportunity!
Question #1: What famous tennis player is from Pasco County?
3AM is on the radio right now. I can't wait for the new album to come out!!"
josh scaring me talking bout I ain't gone be able to get em
RT : Images should have meaningful alt text. Use thoughtful microcopy.
The 2010 NFL season concludes Sunday night at Cowboys Stadium when the Pittsburgh Steelers meet the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XLV.
I'll stick with club soda. It's closer to booze.
Prom was fun now boat cruise 
You will have to go out and shop for the latest trends in the clothing industry and then sell them in your own boutique
It's still yesterday here!!! So! Sanghiljukahamnida!!!!
TAKE A BOW TWITTER AND GOOGLE!!.......BRAVO!!
suggestion: set up agreement w/ stores that machines are in to hold the DVDs if machine is full.
Check out our youtube channel!!!! The Band Camp vids rule!!! www.youtube.com/mistakesweremadevids
I cant wait til Peyton plays some games for us. I'm tired of looking at Indianapolis Colts highlights, to get my Peyton fix smfh
As long as you don't drive like a Kennedy. Am I right? Ha!
Ok so can they let us off already
I'm still slightly shocked at how much of a scumbag John Edwards is.
"My Boys" is a TV show on TBS, silly!
Think I'm going to come back on twitter again
Going to get burnt again today!
i have not been sick in years... why on this beautiful day do i have to be stuck inside :(
RIP Donna Summer. I grew up on your music
I don't care why you're leaving- you'll miss me when you go.
thank you for your advice talk to ya 2mmarrow
OMG!! wow that must suck!
Give existing bloggers <3 while recruiting next great blogger in the pipeline #prsawebinar Good tip!
Platforms like , create marketplaces w/o gatekeepers. Education is headed that way. Charles Best at
i got family out there wat r u takin up
your welcome & please follow me back :)
RT : Farting in Sephora creates a smell more puzzling than any other.
The Show is on Saturday, April 21st, 2012 @ 7:00 p.m. Jennison Field House!!!! All 9 divine Stomp the Yard We Finish!!! LEt's GO!!!!!
okay my Love i'm looking forward to talk with u again!! U can ask me whatever you want to know about my life :) Bye xoxo
fort greene park bright and early familyshow 10am:: wed
will be there and is joining us as well :-))
Hate to do this, Team LB - need to push you guys to Wednesday 12 p.m. Thanks. We'll hit 'em hard tomorrow!
Today one friend said he appreciated my soul+spirit, then an hour later I was told I was mean+unsupportive. Let's see what tomorrow brings.
I expect the favor returned... Lol
But seriously why do I live in the US. I want to live in England. Or Canada, but still
My rooting for a baseball team is often enough to doom them to failure
It is a waste of your energy to worry about what if. Life is for the living. ~Paul V Harris
TONIGHT!! on the Emcee Eternia goes on the record about her latest project "At Last" and why women are needed in hip-hop
i'm a triple threat
i have but its not ur fault an u no i likeu aloy
If you bored hit me up ! We can talk about anything
Aww She Said Some Shit Lml, I Might Second Guess It "Its In Human Nature I Suppose, Second Guessing"
free admission this wed/thur @ surrender night club just use my name @ the guestlist ( Travis sosa) only LAdies c u there
NO I didn't ! Anyways when are you leaving
lol is that good? 😳
hey girl!
EAST BOUND AND DOWN! #KennyPowers!
the weeknd plays in ATL tonight.
#betoorourke tells of a time he stood in the Mexican national line coming into #ElPaso for an unreasonable amt of time.
Facts Bout SpongeBob:it actually makes u stupid after watchin' it. Prove:the ppl from the nickeloden production wrote an article:))
"when you think Tim McGraw, I hope you think my favourite song, the one we danced to all night long, the moon like a spotlight on the lake"
I just saw you guys left Bamako for KC. So glad you are all safe & well. xoxo
I think I would be Counselor Troi. She best approximates the tone I have to adopt during Tense Moments in the Arts.
Congrats on the expansion! Ground breaking 11 a.m.
9AM, 80 degrees & sunny, spent time with my Savior, walked on beach, took a swim in pool, working in board shorts & flip flops..GOD IS GOOD!
Was in a car accident yesterday.. ehh I'm fine but totalled the side of the car.. shows how good god is. He is very good.
haha I bet but what r u doing for break?
laying in your own bed is the best feeling ever.
Thank you, dear! You are most certainly not alone :)
that's funny!
Going to visit Mom today. I hope the rain holds off until tonight
I just had some tacos. You were thought of.
Spring break can not come quick enough!
People who blare music at the gas pump are among my least favorite.
#suicide "a permanent solution to a temporary problem..."
Graduating is so tight butthole
Haha #runnerproblems RT : “: you have exposed my first ever bloody nipple” that is great
I have the lovvvliest piece of feta cheese waiting to be used in zucchini pancakes.
at least you didn't almost die by peanut butter like I did that one time. And the power didn't go out here, weird since yo ...
I think it's that you have to do it manually. A good system would figure out that you're reading v. skimming/skipping.
You might have ruined my past, screwed up my present. But there's no way you're going to touch my future.
follow me please 2
prank gone bad...
#iug2012 views into the database allow local reports to keep working even when the underlying tables are changed. Good stuff.
The apocalypse must be upon us, not only have I caught myself watching football today I also yelled at the Vikings.
I have a vertical of that from 08-11. Such an awesome beer.
you better ;) !
Did it this morning. My dog was not impressed.
Be sure to tap on this topic. I'm taking a course from her: Teaching Online. An absolutely brilliant course.
congrats on sticking to your goals! Not many of us can.
#fangirl he called me interesting <3 <3 <3 (i'm taking it as a compliment)
you're so blessed to be doing all this traveling! My job is sending me to London for a weekend in July. But you got it made!
Is Doing our monthly Loft show Mon Mar 5th. 1030pm. Free.
I think my job is giving me panic attacks.
First lecture of #SCAA2012 - One Year Later: Hunger in the Coffeelands - How Can We Help?
ok:/but I want to help them so bad cuz I hate seeing people fight
Yes I did. But I can, I'm not a Cubs fan flaunting myself on Fox 6 News. Lol
Top 3 in :30 coming up shortly
Lo siento, a mi me gustan los hombres, no la mierda.---- ha ha ha 😄
nothing like changing a car battery on a cold as day.
Well you seem to be obsessed with her to a great extent. You look up her name and defend her like some creep.
-- He's having a great season ... but he's not an absolute necessity uniless you have Joe Nathan.
also what is that oldest picture haha!
Run, run, run, run. It's time to run.
I'd rather the death threat.
hey.....which type of training?
thanks loads!!‹33
#Entrepreneurs: Join mosaicHUB by tomorrow at 11pm EST and you'll be entered to win an iPod shuffle or a $50 American Express gift card!
#DivaTweet :b : About to put on my eye mask and crash out!
ewwwww. Deep fried bagel? Really?
Can't Fell My Legs D: But Imma Keep Working Out ... Lmao
At Bailey's having a good time with compadres. heading back to Texas tomorrow, awesome dude!
Be careful when telling someone everything will be ok. The truth is, sometimes, everything will not be ok.
Shin to the Face!!! Way 2Go !!!! Awesome KO!
#EveryTwitterTimeline has that one person who, for one reason or another, just really shouldn't be on Twitter...like really.
me too!!! Thanks for making the 12 hour trip ;)
hope u have fun at prom mines is in 2 weeks I can't wait :)
It smells like a zoo in the boys bathroom
Its something about Denzel Washington..idk what it is but I like it
Nothing like that euphoric feeling of blasting Gangsta's Paradise on the drive to work on
is Cincinnati that bad?
need me to come counsel her? Then we can have some fun after ;)
i'm very.. very.. very short(x so we'd look like the most fucked up couple or whatever! xD
Even better!
Justin Bieber's Post-'Fantasy Factory' MTV Cameos: A Wish List
I want to swap all the bright things!
If only Ghost Rider glitter bombed Santorum in the movie.
Right back at you!
Awe, we’re blushing! :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best. NO JOKE.
I'm disgusted at everyone throwing cuse under the bus. Especially from SU students. Stick behind your fucking school it's not over yet
It is clear that they struggle to remain apolitical and simply focus on reforms that amplify the voice of the people, e.g. CFR
Well done #Bulls! Way to wear em out- we're proud you're representing the Chi!
Facebook Pushes Mobile - RedOrbit
mid-googling 4 "is the better part of", autofill recommends "is the better part of valor". love it.
Students want everything they need in their courses behind a "single door". Integrate all software/sites in LMS.
omg i can't keep up!! You take too many pictures
And I love u back sis!!!
Need some logo work done in the next few weeks. Anyone interested or recommendations? @ or DM thanks!
As a welfare program representing a population without an adequate political voice, Medicaid will always be underfunded.
Here's the first work week of 2011. I hope everyone has a great week. While you're at it, finish the night off at some great places to eat.
It's Thursday, which is "Friday Eve" in Optimisian.
well put!
#fridayreads Grave Mercy by RL LaFevers, Ismae escapes a brutal life to join a dangerous new life of service.
tin lizzie bball watching
The brainwashing has begun!
I just learned that Harrah's & WSOP take $1350 out of the prize pool for "vouchers" for the top 27 finishers. WTF!?
In Houston, invited to judge at #rbpc Rice Business Plan competition, anyone else here?
Looking for Mentors for an elementary age students---have lunch w/ 1x week, 30 min. time slot between 11-12:30 E.Austin
and also looks like a jackwagon
Someone needs to give me their INSANITY dvds.. I need to get in shape quick :/
yeah but I look good when I wear it with my pen protector
By creating & overlays in your videos you will gain more clicks!
Need performance, reliability, and scalability for your legacy apps? We can solve your problems.
what's good boo
u from maryland cause i am
It's finally here! Tonight is the first ever Sideshow!
The only reason this woman isn't a legend is because she doesn't realize she is one already. #FollowFriday (via )
I am so glad that I am not the only one! #libraryschool solidarity
My sister scared of my driving
with and both out of the office today, I CAN DO WHATEVER I WANT
always something new with the dog
Hi Robyn! Look forward to it! :)
cause ur slacking!!
I feel like I need one more NYC adventure before I move next week...don't know what it is yet. Ideas?
Victoria's Secret Swim or Beach Bunny do you need a fresh bathing suit idea? #IHaveAnIdea! that is explosive. Peops will want your suit 1612
Thanks for following us ! We offer our services throughout the San Diego restaurant industry ! 858-486-4070
I knew you weren't a man.
Work stuff... LOL... Everything is good, just time to make that money!
55k at 150/300/25 missing online poker a bit right now
I just ain't have finals today. But that's a good ass walk bro
Today Was So Pretty ^.^ I LOVE THE SUN <3
The ONLY thing we all have in common is our butt hole ._.
you could apply to Puckett's Pond, we're always looking for more writers.
I cared about what you have to say.
Happy Birthday, biatch!!
Your spam re #UBTech is going to get you unfollowed. Tone it down please
i hav skool today D: i get friday off
ii saw your mom yesterday I miss seeing you all.
oh wait fuck SWAG
Thanks brot sometines we need to hear that
I knew Brandon I think as a passer by but not too much... Cool guy from what I remember though
Okk I will give the heats sum props for winning but why everybody shittin on the knicks tho...
Oh you know, just danced for six hours tonight. Nbd. Woo
Break To-Do Item #3: Step away from desk. Sharpen the Saw.
Your favorite *gadget* blog, I should say.
Hahahahah random as fuck. - "Here's a joke, why did the plane crash?" / "no idea." / "because the pilot was a loaf of bread."
