Happy hour at Office Nomads hosted by ReVision Labs. Then, 500 Days of Summer.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key. ~The Eagles, "Already Gone
i do like the bro bros send them my way they can bandwagon me ;)
Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back. It simply means you are two steps ahead.
you know it!
Then my work here is done.
do you want to meet ?
Brit just hurt my feelings yall, she aint a real nigga no more.
Back in the #ATL after a VERY interesting trip home......
Riverwalk in San Antonio!!
Traveling to San Fran wearing a Zwack Liqueur hockey shirt.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
tweet tweet--Thanks to all the new followers! or as might say cheep cheep
So... WGN is going to air Supernatural after they air the news, right? RIGHT? Stupid Cubs.
how r u
Today is Thursday, right next door to Friday, it has been a great and productive week here at Sperry Van Ness / Hallmark & Associates in Lu…
and we heart u
: just experienced my first LA earthquake. A nice little 4.2 I like to call "mamacita."
I haven't heard from my bff in a while. I hope she's doing good. 😊❤
Put large amount of leftovers from lunch meeting in kitchen. Came back a minute later - nothing but crumbs remained. VULTURES!
I DO IT
Scary movie marathon with and Hooper :-)
Glad that worked after all! ;)
oops.. that should say"good you best not! :-) my stupid typos
In 140 characters or less, can you describe what the day after elimination is like for a player and the team?
sorry, we have to put out our teasers for now! But we'll have an official announcement coming soon! :)
RT Agree! #hiwi RT I love houston! [and houston's glad you're here, helping us become an even better city!]
I wanna sell YOU a HUD home. So if you live in Columbus, Ohio... Call me @ 614.778.4520. Rates are as low as 3.1% on a 15 year loan!!
Where did you volunteer?
#JordanBrandGame. Tarczewski is looking real nice. Setting great screens, getting boards and buckets around the rim. Can't wait til nxt year
Wife in shower. Must get up. Make coffee!
like..all the time...RT: : That annoying moment when your friends are whispering in front of you.
I'm starting to get used to opening up power rankings and starting from the bottom when looking for the Brewers.
AC/DC taught me about the highway to hell, Zeppelin taught me about the stairway to heaven, and Johnny Cash explained that I walk the line.
What a kind offer! I will definitely find a way to take you up on that. :)
omg really? thanks awesome is it in greek? are you planning to get it publish?
OH! We might be sending someone to SAA's annual, here at DC, in August. Can archivists rock it like librarians can?
Hey Twitterites, what music/bands are you most excited about right now? We need some new background sounds up in this place!
Is going to add 3 more miles to my sneakers tonight... Last night walked 3, maybe we can do 15 this week? I want to start training for the m
another triumph for serendipity. such a treat to meet you IRL.
Bruria Tamir has a distinct style, fusing both ancient methods and modern techniques.
Flop City.
Thanks. Now I'm more stressed.
“: Semantic Satiation is a phenomenon when a word loses its meaning temporarily because of constant repetition.” sorry
Hi Scooter
The first to apologize is the bravest, the first to forgive is the strongest and the first to forget is the happiest.
LOVE! Have a safe trip!
Headed to #Willard in DC for FedInsider's Forum on #Obama's #Veterans Hiring Initiative.
sup bro hows it going?
love the neo soul feel.
you need to realize that Emily sees everything you post. And she doesn't appreciate it.
well hope you keep us in mind next time. Our film is airing nationwide, been in 200 media, and working on a follow-up.
The Senate has called off a vote 4 a bill that includes a funding increase 4 cancer research & prevention programs
Happy Birthday to the most amazing and handsome guy in the whole wide world . Love you.!!
« Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."»
Is such a handsome man.. :/
sampling too? time consuming work & assessment after #alamw12 re data
No First Thing, How? Second, My Name Is Dallas. And Third, I Was Talking About Me Playing At My Orchestra Concert. Sorryy.
wtf go to bed.
i just finished making my video of me and to Swag it out :) It's almost done ;D IM SO EXCITED!
that has long been my motto, "working smarter not harder" stree, worry ,etc does not equal results!
my universe will never be the same i'm glad you came
ha ha. Thanks. I'm more muscle based & hate jumping around all crazy b/c it makes me wanna throw up. Oh well I can live thru it
To the bird that crapped on my car RIGHT AFTER I got a car wash, you have some fucking nerve.
get 'em Bean!!!
That is a RIOT!
And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you.
Good to know. Thanks. Are some of the others charging for every use of the debit card?
When hot guys send you a message<3
thanks for the follow, love your description, as I am an american football widow. I understand.
Maybe I can get some when we make I to the crib!!!???.
Did you get to work on time today? Yesterday?
Fred Richardson learned first hand how much a person's exposure can grow as a result of playing in same uniform as a top 10 ranked prospect.
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
she's at the top of my list too! “: Finding out who #A is tonight!! #PLL. I think its Mona....”
Lol. Eating is our favorite hobby. Nothing wrong with that!
Glad to hear that :)
I am going to be at Blue Martini for another friends bday!
Its gonna be a great one i can already tell haha
great magazine. Great people!
no im not it's cool
So I might not get turkey, but I get holiday pay!
This is my, "I'm gonna get laid" face.
Call to action of the week nominee: "Join us to Celebrate Asparagus!" — leaderboard
: it's not that you're competing with your neighboring publication, you're competing with your neighbor.
Any question you've ever tried asking a Non-English speaker.
pouches? #weaksauce what are you, 15?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
no problem
Thanks for the follow, guys! We're huge fans!
What's in your green salad?
the slow red fox hopped under the lazy dog.
RT : Open Question: What amount of energy is needed to change 1.0 kg of 0 degrees C ice to 10 degrees C?...
i love her face!
Think big, dream BIGGER! It has been awesome to share with you these days and experiences!
#rawmilk Sounds like a reasonable idea to me. What do others think? RT : #uwsmphic what about no ban, but label raw milk?
she is cute... Problem,? I have family who are problem solvers
It's 6am. Do u know where your brain is?
"You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well." - Wayne Dyer - Have a great day from your friends at Hieber's Pharmacy
I also like trucks, guns, beer and bein' outdoors :) HA.
#edt246 it scares me that he was able to hide his ability to read because what if I see that in my own class? Will I leave someone behind?
(c) flames that burn in my heart'' :) the name of the band is #StageFright and if ya like it subscribe! :D
. "program is grant funded, really intended for families." Was supposed to be shamed for using lib resource.
Tired of waiting..
gudnite my sweetie boy ({}).
One week into a 30 day Shakeology Challenge and the participants have lost 5.2, 3 & 1.5 lbs!! If you want to be next message me for details!
Is this thing still working?
Onions & garlic, for sure.
“: i convinced the dentist that i have a gag reflex so that i can get nitrous every time i go.”
Cupcake, cupcake, oh I can't wait to eat u....there will be a party un my mouth soon
I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette. ~ Rodney Dangerfield
come get your puccia fix ...OPEN ALL DAY !!!
- I Think I Like Him ! He Cute, Smart, Funny &+ He Just LIVE ... I'm Talking Channel 13 NEWS! aha
#Java whyUnoFormat output like I want and not like I program
Hey long time no type :) Not ok, how about a follow to make up for it ;) haha
Anyone else think they were doing We Will Rock You?
And what will happen ?? ♥
just think in 40 years i'll be gone and you will be ''old'' maybe!!!
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
my mom took one car my dad has the other and the third has no gas... I don't have gas money. Lol
I'll drink some tea for you too! ;) #whenourpowerscombine!
See you soon, Pittsburgh.
So glad it finally rained - the earth (and the air) needed it.
He has no filter on his mouth whatsoever,but gotta love it lol! Thanks so much and it was nice talkin to yall!
great I brought hailey with mr
like lick the bottom of a shoe with freshly stepped on dog poo on it?
#nowwatching Grey's Anatomy (:
What ever happened to anything close with 2 strikes you are swinging
Thank you for the rt!
Tequila French Toast, Crab Hash, Juevos Rancheros! Get in for our brunch, serving until 3!
Need a job? Who amongst your family, friends, church, community knows what YOU do? You'd be surprised who doesn't. Share!
It will be interesting to hear the details of the Infrastructure announcement by george osbourne tomorrow.
A beautiful warm day in Florence, AL. :)
I graduated from hungry and made it to greedy!.
Scientific Certification Systems is Accredited to Certify Responsibly Farmed Seafood to Aquaculture Stewardship ...
RT : 42% of women who have abortions have incomes < 100% federal poverty limit
6 AM IM STILL AWAKE THINKING OF 1D. ;D THEY TOOK OVER MY LYFE. <3
did the guy with the red, white, & blue anvils get seriously injured? I didn't hear what happened.
Isaiah 40:10 - WOW we are Jesus' reward. I want to live like a reward.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
Use the dialer to call out to others so they can be part of the meeting without their computer
Still having trouble wrapping my head around Thomas & Friends being narrated by George Carlin
i like when people freak out when they drop their phones when it's just like a daily thing for me lolol
damn i barely remember how my skin looked wit out all these tats lol
word is that are working on a new album we are very excited. in unrelated news we have been talking with a new band as well!
Carne alotta? You must taste like puke
GOD always pays off. Always. -PMJ
English translation of that last tweet: Carlos Fuentes died.
Give a call...he'll help you pick out a perfect seat!
so who wants me to suck there dick
wouldnt it be great if there is a real superhero in Singapore.where ever you go, no worries because he will always be there for you.haha.
Just joined Equity!! Woohoo! So happy!
Want to be happy? You can start by surrounding yourself with happy people.
They are so cute!
don't disrespect
Im back on the east side MLK for me..
Come in tonight order any burger or Hotdog and get a free frie
My new baby kitten is the sweetest on the planet.
Keeping the #energy and #spirit up, for that after work gym run lol
The greatest of joys For good ol' boys with their toys Is making bright noise.
Love!!! Rt : So...did y'all know that the feminine of executor is EXECUTRIX?? Executrix.
What's it like being a Reporter for on the Web?
Hey everyone, who is going to see Lucky Boys Confusion tomorrow ??
Miami!!! Hosting a great show this Friday w/ Carl Rimi & Msg me to get on the guest list. Mexican Wolverine over n out :-{ \\\
Burning purple flowers!
hi. i love you. and shig. :)
Merry Christmas people :)
great article - I can't believe Sheraton charges $10 per day for wifi
Come to SwingFest 2010 with thousands of sexy swingers and see what others have experienced. Who knows, anything can happen at SwingFest!
Prosecco........nectar of the gods!!!
Thanks! I'm hoping for good things - them interacting more with the video than a lecture - pausing, rewinding, etc
i think "intent" is the larger strategic goal; "purpose" is the more limited tactical objective of the operation.
Bar Fly will be at Dales Ales in Orange City, Fri. and Sat. night, 9pm-1am. Everyone come out and party with us!!!!
i would love to see ya!! anything you would wanna do?? ;)
If only they didn't ride them on sidewalks!
Love is in the air baby
Excited about the #Radiohead concert in March. Anyone know of any other good shows coming up in #Austin or #ElPaso?
Xavier I still love u though butt face
Can't imagine tebow picking NY. Go home, more comfortable culture and probably a better chance to be given a legit chance to start.
The World Famous Glenn Miller Orchestra will be performing @ the Ohio State Fair Celeste Center on 8/02/11 @ 1:00pm. Doors open @ 11am.
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 60.
I like signing Mathis, but I'd rather see Gurode at center over Birk
u keep your beautiful head up
hey :D txt me sometime? When you can? :D
Damn! Don't u hate that ugly feeling in ur guts?!
happy birthday to the prettiest twins ever, and !
Can't trust anyone
Word bruh. we got you. just let us know when u wanna meet up to get that. $10 a pop
Excited to announce Congressman Lipinkski (D-IL) to sign on as the 32nd Co-Sponsor of NMAP!!
2-4 inches of snow??! Damn....guess I gotta switch back to imperial stouts and barley wines for a little :( Getting over the Penguins...
So tell me, how'd you spend your birthday evening? Whatever you did I hope you went home w/a smile upon your face. :)
I wanna go home
Morning neighbor! it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
no they don't, and not this year.
Shot selection for Syracuse this half: A Y, as an F is too kind of a grade
Thank you for the #tea #ff !
RT - We need a law preventing any sports team from New England to be called the "Patriots" until those people denounce socialism.
: I dont have your number no moree :/ dm it(:
#BOYFRIENDVIDEO perfection all the way. jesus.
Learning more everyday that dependency on God is simple as less of me and more of Him....
- good job tonite, Pastor Miles! It was a very nice memorial service 4 Junior Seau.
I'm done "abusing" Gary Busey......
we will consider your interest and contact you as the event approaches . Thanks
Dude. Our #Coachella house is a 1 mile walk to yours.
I'm going going back back to NY NY
#IveNoticedThat People Suck
No way am I going on that Tram... LoL
i really miss my nana ): i regret being such an asshole to her now that i think about it .
How can you love anyone else, when you don't even love yourself..
Finally official: There will be a recall election, and Tom Barrett will be winning it.
Vegas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Florida, maybe Maryland all in one month. May is about to be crazy!!! Lol
Avengers was a great movie
Hey vegetarians! Slice of the Week North Ave: squash, eggplant, red onion and gorgonzola!!!
Cheaters was mad funny last night.
#IfOnly you knew
Heard on NPR today - Twitter is like a focus group in the wild. Love!
Multitasking can make you feel better
Today is my first official day as a Mannhattanite and as such I will henceforth refer to cheese pizza as "plain." Thank you
“: change your twitter pic!! I don't like it… AT ALL!!!! lmfao" lml okay i will
Thanks Tracy!
What does this say about high school? RT : i thought i was going to be done with coloring graphs in high school.
Shop shop audition shop shop
I seriously haven't felt this good in awhile!! 😌
LOL Now THAT's different! Have a good weekend Michael!
Got A Headache
Do A Show For Vasache !
Do you even watch the games, or just go off of box scores? You should have blogging rights be revoked for such a statement
I love watching French films on YouTube. My favorite Juste une question d'amour
Headed over to the Sparks Farmer's Market this afternoon. Going to pick up a tote bag from and fill it up with fresh corn! Yum!
Thanks for the post. I needed this for a friend. Jim Stoppani always has good info.
Hey Tess! just checking in on the Global NeoSoul Diva Hope all is well with you and the Fam just watched your new Vid all I can say TakeOver
wishing for a more peaceful night for my friends in Michigan!
This girl has some bad troubles
"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose." - Lyndon B. Johnson
A fun night with & at Barnard Appreciation Night. Better luck next time Lady Lions, you played hard
Happy Spring to all of our fellow San Diego people! Let's get back to warm weather and longer days here in this gorgeous city!
Just met Amy from They're doing some very cool things for local non-profits and local businesses.
Playoffs? We talkin about.........playoffs? You kiddin me?
Thank you sounds like a plan.
Airport transportation from FLL to Miami
you're welcome!!
That's RICE village. End transmission.
Whoever scheduled basketball games this early and this far away, screw you
At the end of 17 innings, Team Lembo leads Team Rudy, 23-9, at
drop a line when u are in town. I have 11 years of doggy LA-living advice. Love silver lake, but too far w/ dogs. Need bus or bike
McMenamins in Mt. Airy.Nuff said.": “Yuengling Bar of the Month.” #YNGBOTM"
I see, thanks! Makes sense. Would be cool to store to FireEagle, correlating the timestamp of the location with a tweet.
My mom and me. Spanish film. We didn't know the plot. Minutes later, on the screen: two men fornicating in the most graphic way.
Taker vs Triple H!!! Greatest Wrestling Rivalry Ever!!! What a great streak...20-0!!! Go Taker!!!!
it's because those you already follow are the ultimate in awesomesauce.
what r u cooking over there is smells yummy..lol
Well that's a first. I was asked out by a creeper at Fleet Farm...
this isn't a result of show business. It's a result of upbringing. Support her, but be with her 100% of the time.
S/O for the FOLLOW! dat background go hard too lol
aww bestie... I had a blast today.. And diddo..
#freshthursdays and then
S/O nice meeting u yesterday at the Mothers Day event! Stay blessed
#fresh12 loving those shoes on the speaker!
#sincewebeinghonest : Your voice is like the combination of Fergie and Jesus.
Good karma is one of the few things left that you can still get for a dollar.
honey flavored yogurt?
Damn this is a crazy ass game
After due consideration, I think it's safe to say that I hate my job.
Thanks ! Keep suggestions coming! Where should I take my mom in NYC? She's a first timer!
Capes. Edna told you, but you didn't listen, did you, Syndrome? Did you?
Elementary School: Yey Coloring Books! Middle School: WTF Is This . we're Not In 1st Grade . HighSchool: Okk Who The Fuck To My Red Color?!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!
NHL PLAY OF THE DAY - Washington vs Nashville UNDER 5.5 !!! Lock it In !!
no bc the Starlight parade comes behind it. But I promise, it's worth trying. Yesterday 5k #ShamrockRun didn't kill me. :)
So.... The Avengers was a disappointment
What Sport will benefit most from NFL lockout? Hockey? Baseball?...
Where The Fuck is ??
I am worthy. I am enough. I am perfect exactly as I am. As my self love increases, so do my opportunities.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Las Vegas! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Can you believe it! Only 16 DAYS until #Necrocon! So much to do! First time in years I'm doing a costume too! So much fun, can't wait!
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail. ~ Edwin Pond
We Like to Party / Let's Get It On mashup?! Lovee it
Appreciate you telling me to switch over...better than the game!
: you don't need Tabasco Ask Donnie about "green stuff".
ONLY 7 Spots Left: www.impactmilwaukee.com !!!
Finishing up some cool original music and mixes for a couple of great PSA TV spots for The American Diabetes Association.
Chilling' on a dirt road = anthem for the barnevald drive
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
I get the unique impression that I have strep. Ugh. Probably good I didn't go to the Sporting KC game.
trip with to Green Bay a success--
Nate is right. Please stop this RT : Dear red sox, please stop sucking.
New characters have emerged in Book 2 Ardor: Love, thanks for the inspiration mike and sadie! PS They also just got engaged! Congrats!
she is just annoying lol
everyone at beckinfield,,,hello!
Every line of the really great poets is filled with beautifultruth, and calls to all that is high and noble in the human
pet peeve: ppl who don't get the difference b/w web design and development
Work in 25 minutes god NO
congratulations on 21 years guys!!!
lol im not but thanks :)
agreed. what do you and the kids have planned for the holiday weekend?
I wonder who "Paul" was?
You are more than welcome - such a great story! Hope it went well at
Day 40 of 100: I am thankful for my wonderful friends.
If follows me, that'd be the best B-day gift possible ♥♥♥
Fill me up fill me up baby
Laziness FTW!
got my mcdonalds ice coffee craving fulfilled.
id hit on you either way.
Do not wish for an easy life, wish for the strength to endure a diffcult one
Cant wait 4 Skool 2morrow!!!!!!! She looks like sex look it up. Such an aweeeessssoomeee song!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
Just on the tube with me, Andy Hanshaw, San Diego County Bicycle Coalition Prez. His Bike the Bay - 28th - Across the bridge, round the bay
Today is my birthday!!! Hurry and wish me one before its over!! Please !! Thanks!
If you follow for me I will give you all a shout out :) go!
i got your message! now lets go get wasted and I'll show you how to face plant into a kebab of some church steps!
i did it brings me to gay shit.
"Man's goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished" -Nelson Mandela
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine Oh. My. Gawd. Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi(:
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! .__.
Most in will be working until 67 if not 70. Do you have the education, skills and experience to continue to complete for the long haul?
Yes, would love to talk about it sometime. Your tweets are among my favorites.
Me too girl! RT : this just made me so excited!
oh. Lol. Thought you meant outside
Watching sun rise on east coast... long island beach!!!
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Suck The Clatter - Dance With You (Original Mix)
Today only: Full priced Hot Box & one of our famous TShirts(s-xl) for only $21! B1G1 Sludge Bars! $8 Chef's Choice Dozens! Pickup/Delivery!
Thanks for the follow - higher-ed tech manager here with doctorate in Indonesian lit - eclectic by definition!
I got passion in my pants and i aint afraid to show it..i'm sexy and i know it.
RT Giving my mom () a Twitter tutorial and showing her so she can find other techy nerds!
I'm not like all the rest. I'm not. And until you stop treating me like I am, this is pointless.
(224)-63-GO-NOW make sure you leave a message
Technology=2-edged sword. Asking teachers 2 chnge wht they 'know', and commit 2 new technology is russian roulette (2 a teacher)
David Stern just told the press that #Kentucky had to win by 25 or else none of them could enter the Draft.
Very classy I must say.
Yes the sunshine is nice. It's going to be 70+ degrees here today. Welcome Spring! :)
way cool can't wait to check it out
Of course we did! ;)
I Cried When my O.G smoked my weed
Meet me in Los Angeles in July? :D <3
Visit www.sternmanagement.com and there you will find wonderful apartments at great prices! :)
- i really like your article -- we are at a wonderful time in the history of women - thanks...DJ
wtf , i loved her!! How she die ?
hi my name is carl~
I haven't had an E of Chicago pizza. What side of town are they on? I'm here in Hilliard and Luigi's is old favorite, different.
Is almond milk better for you?
If you can get her fans to call n during our radio show on Thurs from 8 to 10pm, we will do it for free.
Kitchen Bootcamp Roundup – Grilling, Broiling, Roasting, and ...
Good morning world!! Thanking god for another day🙏!!!
It's a jeans-kinda-Friday today, thanks to our awesome Business Development/Member Services team!
I have seen the future, and I can safely say that 2012 is one year higher than 2011.
I love this woman! "Think about the consumer! Don't forget there's a human being there."
The trolls are out heavy tonight. Guess they feel emboldened.
ALL of my contacts were somehow erased from my phone .... ? Bloop! What up Verizon? Trying to test my numeric memorizational skills?
how old are you mr wiz?
dm's ... Please check & reply..
sweet a #northeastern grad was arrested for plotting terrorist attacks.
Sorry we didn't have more time to chat! Thanks for coming and hope to see you again soon.
in your webinar now!! I'm hoping to learn more!
I would delete u off Facebook but I want u to despise my happiness<3
Happy St. Patty's! Hope your beer is as green as ours.
We have to read The Hunger Games for our summer reading shit. FUCK YES
Heading to the career fair today? Tweet with #RITCF. Direct questions/comments to and get updates from
it was a risky bet made with their own $. By Dimon coming out so early in the quarter should quite pundits down at quarter end
Physical therapy tomorrow. Get better soon, knee!
Great anointed artist such as Mook of Ruff Ryders, Stephanie Courtney, Chessie chaney, D'Shawn...etc got ta bless the stage Angel Style
That reminds me … it's 's turn with the shaker tonight. I'm going to relax … with my ice-hoard.
turning #thebig14 In 2 days(: sending you a birthday gift(:
Why does need to research things that industry can do for itself? Industry might do the investment--- *Eventually*
I'm taking Tupac's advice and keeping my head up.
What kinda new stuff would you like to see us do?!? Talk to us!
RT : We are off to Detroit to jam the Jazz Cafe @ Music Hall Center for the Performing Arts tonight 8pm! Wish us luck Columbus!!
Hey late night tweeters, our music video drops in two days! Hope you're ready!
Just finishing up in the studio headed to the crib BANGAS ON DECK
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp left the game against the Rockies during the 3rd inning due to a hamstring injury.
It doesn't sound like there was anything suspicious about it other than it was left unattended.
Cheerleading: Canby also set to hire Karlie Richardson - 06 CHS grad - as new head coach to replace Crystal Corona, pending board approval.
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law’s Admissions Ofcr tomorrow Sept. 21st from 1130am-245pm @ Binghamton in the Univ. Union-Old Union
It's sad to see bad things happen to good people. . 😔
Check out my and for golf and boxing info.
Learn how to
I go to play my 360 an the batteries in the controller are dead
The average repair at Car Crafters takes between 3 and 5 days depending on the amount of damage and the availability of parts.
I wonder if Yahoo can return him and get a full refund. Maybe from Paypal.
That's awesome Pat I'll try them all out. Do you do a lot of development in Chrome?
So yeah i'll be gone for a week. I'll miss you guys <3 ( group hug ) lol. Enjoy the Boyfriend video :)
Ha, I wish it were a stranger.
Closing in on hour 14... Do I hear 15?! 15?! Anybody, 15?! Going once, going twice...
No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today. Never been in this court house (thank goodness).
. e-mail is back online.
Thanks for the RT, Dan. EXPATS!! :-)
There are 2 days, 71 hours, and 4289 minutes left until kickoff! Let us know where you will be sitting or where you will be watching from!
completely forgot gills stupid project is due tomorrow
Skipping to Long Beach Pride festival!
Bitch you stank.
Tell me about it! I watch every night and he has never once given me the courtesy of a reach around!
Seriously. It's freakin' everywhere.
Patience is also a form of action. ~Auguste Rodin
The one I have is a bit larger, serrated, with a forked end for coring/hulling. Great for strawberries, among other things.
I hate when I get a hiccup when I'm singing...
Lololol I know Rochester film festival u have to go there once in life time. Amazing fest.
The world is a asshole and I'm the next big shit
#3WordsForYou One Direction Sucks.
you put the wrong twitter name, luvky i saw it(; and yes i will(:
I've been giving that a lot thought. Met a guy recently that sold some software he wrote. Sitting pretty now. Got any ideas?
Kinda hoping for a heel turn for my buddy
Re-recorded. Whew.
agreed. it's newly launched. but it seems #CRE would need a residential component to make it on Pinterest.
sorry we missed you. Are you still in town? We could make plans to meet. Let me know.
oh it is! come visit! ;-)
Your customers leave home w/ 3 things: keys, purse/wallet & a smartphone phone. Texts have a 95% read rate.Text: 916-420-6020 to learn more
I know, you know it's funny it seems like the girls digged me when I went to McDonalds for dinner in my Tuxedo
Can u still buy mega millions tickets?
Adventure day with ! Quick bfast at Webbs then off to Cave of the Mounds and a stop in Madison for dinner!
Congrats to on their win! Bring on the UNC Tar Heels!
sounds good, bringing and/or ?
I wish delivered... I need some right now lol #StupidTests #Hungry #INeedFood :(
#S/O to my ever so gorgeous wife === === everybody follow up AsAp hurry GO Go go!!!
Awesome to see you, my friend! =D How are you?
Xtina sounds good but looks like a blonde Snookie
See if you can get #TweetForJillandBrit trending. Definitely get points for creativity.
The dude who lives next to me is going to pound town
I dug that movie too - also really liked VIcky Cristina Barcelona
Yo sexy, I got something for ya but can't figure out how to up load..
RT It's snowing in Houston! The most amazing sight and probably the best day I've had this year. #housnow [#HIWI]
Q2 How have you used face to face networking for creating collaborative teams and opportunities?
hahaha I haven't heard that name in awhile.....Are you coming out for opening day?
Summer hits of the 90s is not disappointing right now. #np "Men in Black"
There is nothing more important to true growth than realizing that you are not the voice of the mind–you are the one who hears it.M.A.Singer
Madisen sick too. Hope you get better soon, sorry :(
calln you today
I WOULD!
Just found out a little about 's mom. She pronounces LinkedIn with 3 syllables
any ideas about the academic researcher - practitioner divide (or lack thereof) in UX research? please let me know your thoughts!
What advances in AR are you looking forward to most?
I have the same problem, I call it my "natural bitch face" I always look pissed off! My mouth is naturally shaped like a frown :(
Tourists taking pix with the nypd in times square?
Thanks for the info! Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011! DM not available until you follow back.
pretty AVI boo.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for All But Serious!
Just caught myself saying "yoink" as I pulled something off the grocery store shelf.
RT #mexico iPad won't miss a beat in 2012 despite competition from new Kindle Fire and ... - TabTimes: TabTimes iPad won't miss...
I miss you, too! Come to town soon!
Shared storage, no studies on cost benefits for deducing in compact storage facilities RR question
Them saucy niggas.
a healthy baby girl, my supportive family, and God's grace
O live for the hulk
"To see what is right and and not do it is cowardice." Quaint, dated phrase from Confucius. He didn't work at a university, obviously. : )
Were you at our Pennsylvania dinner last night with ? Tweet us your takeaways from the discussion.
Just had an #auctiondraft for #fantasybaseball and must say it's 10x better, even doing it online. That said, it takes hours to finish....
Too bad Jonah Hill still looks bad... Wear clothes that fit your new body and not just ones that you can button.
#humpday ,ohhcheaa, sexiest day of the week (y)
Bus trip update. Almost to Baltimore. Half of Pat's cheesesteak gone. Next to Ethiopian child, so plenty of room in my seat.
vermetian subs: saad (rookie) for bravo w/ 2 min to go in a tie game; olums debut fr arnaud when preserving biggest W of yr.
I will never understand how you can be up front with someone and they still just don't get it!!!
More obnoxious with the mouth guard... Kyle "Ashton Kutcher" Korver or Patrick Kane?
Marcus Mosiah Garvey, the original MMG.
when it's TVD coming back?
SMOKE UP JOHNNY!
yea.... i smashed that
/ concert tonight at !!
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them" - Walt Disney
Is there a #When tacked onto the end of the date or some such thing that's stamping it down to the second?
#FF Our friends at
Lots of Days of Thunder chatter on Kurt Busch's radio.
At The Brooklyn.... Seattle.
norv has "confidential photos" of high ranking execs
Gone off this drink feelin good just chillin until later xoxo(b)
dont be talking about me in your tweets.
thank you! Day 9 today. Please stay tuned!
Hella excited to go to the spot and get yumi yogurt tonight!
cool! I've been at home being yelled at for nothing! :/
Where that bitch Nene at?! On #glee wtf!
& what type is that
Dont Feel Bad Orlando! New York & Chicago Will Be Joining You VERY SOON!
St. Patty's Day TOMORROW. Doors open at 10am $4 car bombs $3 shots of irish whiskey plenty o' cheap green beer, irish stew and corned beef
Hendrix hates the rain. Peed/Pooped in lightning speed. Get it? MnWx
Come see us today at Lennar Homes (404 Falcon Lane Leander, Tx) from 2p-4p! Heather Rivera and the promo team will be giving out great...
aww goodness, I wish I could! It feels like it has been years since i've seen your beautiful face :) How was your final?!
To compete is your bondage; to create, your freedom. ~ Hamdan-Adan -Ismail
One Day when I tweet...I'll get paid too
I had an amazing evening !!! Kevin & his team have such an amazing philosophy & approach to literacy in Chicago....
Hopefully they play godzilla
Yes. I think most folks on Texas should come with subtitles.
TEE GEE EYE EFF once again everyone!
don't forget to schedule as a wkd patio brunch Dj's too!
Red card for the ginger ninja
hahaha just straight up tell him how much of an idiot he is
I know what you mean Professor! it's been almost 20 years since I've gone to an event w/ credentials. Big difference - lol
Bigg Weezy on U stream Comedy by the Slice in Hermosa Beach
ahahahhaa im eating candy so i stay up late . hehehhehehe . hi
salad trembling in bowls held by laughing women
On My Way Baq To The Mil
If u can tear urself away from a Gyros u HAVE 2 try our chzburger!1/3lb patty w/ grilled onions, ketchup & Tzatziki sauce on a sesame bun
they should. Always know the language of your enemies.
- Happy Birthday!
In the still of the night, I can't tell if it's cloudy or bright.... no, that can't be right...time for my beauty sleep. Z
this job... "did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning" uh, no?
RIP Justin Ehni. I'll miss you, buddy. You were a great friend.
She fina bust his ass now. Nh.
lack of pass rush killed the #Packers was not resigning Jenkins that much of a loss?
we have a month before submissions close and we've loved using your service. thanks for a wonderful experience!
to my peeps follow my dog
Only #3Days left #Boyfriendvideo my ovaries are going to explode justin. Only #3Days ican wait..ahh naah who am I kidding I can't to hyped<3
U trying to steal my keys this ain't no piano
Looks like someone had bitchflakes for breakfast this morning....
the afternoon is filled with sounds of Dre, Jay-Z, and the Beastie Boys.
<3 RT : What I have does not determine who I am..
"Life is PERFECT :)" fixed! ;)
I'm exhausted and somehow managed to get in bed at 8:45. That my friends is winning.
hahaha that's great. And yupp you thought right. I've never had that problem :)
Driving. Thirsty. Found a water bottle rolling around my car with a few sips left. How bad could it be? Yuk.
I pledge allegiance RT : I'm declaring war on bullshit
oh Im not heart broken lol...just word of advice =)
generally would have zero interest in any game that doesn't involve the buckeyes but i will definitely be watching this one
you're email address that you're using to do this, has been submitted to the owners of this site, and you will be shut down!
did your color change during or after pregnancy maybe?
Making the rounds on #MothersDay provides me the opportunity to catch up on all the great analog TV channels I've been missing.
Operation #15 Hanging by a thread
I hate waiting! This date is taking forever! Who goes on a date at so late anyways lol
Patience Is A Virtue. Patience Is Looking Like Halle Berry Right Now
That awkward moment when straight girls follow me on tumblr...
Q5: ...we'll think again and realize how silly that notion is.
Thought so. Tell him thanks!
When I see my polo scarf around the neck of whoever stole it. Just know that you will be strangled with it.
working and catching up on our dvr, then packing for Cinci!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you wake up and you can't talk, then you realize you have to work today and your job is answering phones
But back to the other guy. Right now, id just like to be good friends with again (:
Bending the rules of videoconferencing by adding movable tables and chairs to our Center's distance learning classroom. Pics soon.
I'm sorry I feel asleep... Omg I didn't know !!!
ESPN's Todd McShay has Skins taking Bradford.
They should rename ash Wednesday to " people walk around with dirty foreheads day"
Oh ur the REAL JACKPOT! MegaMillions aint got nothing on U! > ": Having a woman like Khrystina is like having a fortune"
Is okay, because probably 60% of dads watch games! Both are multi-tasking. :)
Good night with :)
whoop! I keep it G, lol.
Oracle's Ellison in advanced talks to buy Memphis Grizzlies
I guess that is what yall do up in Lubbock.
I do it because I CAN BOOM!!!!!!!
White t shirt gang.
remember #whenitwascoolto scrunch you hair..
Just tried to SoundHound a Uum Kulthum song to remember to buy her stuff a d it came back as Burl Ives -Frosty the Snowman. Wow, again.
Arrons done. Time to get this studying out the way. Might as well bust my ass these last 2 days.
I'm thirsty, not as in " Imma talk every female I see even tho she don't want me" type thirsty but as in " I need some water " type thirsty.
Why am I still up? I have to get up early and it's going to be torture.
Your graphic looks way better. Next time, I won't get mine off "Shane's dragon blog" :)
babysitting but literally watching tv and that's what I guess white people call babysitting & I'm good with that. :) easy money!
Now I understand..
that is good hockey right there. can't wait for the playoffs to start. best/toughest sport there is.
batting glove
Check Out
Rocked it out last night in North Palm Beach's Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar...what a great crowd. My 'Whitney" tribute was cool(:
Spicy? I'll take it! Thanks, baby. Happy New Year to ya!
See? Easy. Incidentally , you can thank me later. I expect the check in the mail and the FULL amount this time.
that stunt she pulled damn near scarred me for life with the whole trusting shit...
New topic - E620
Giving up pessimism and alcohol for lent... What's everyone else giving up?
That one song that always makes you dance. No matter what
Yeah, it really looked great...and you know my standards! ;-) We should work on something together.
Hi depends on the show but Broadway goes on sale 6-8 wks b4 the show's in town. Our eClub(free) gets 1st offer to buy tix!
About on my way to a possible new life
At this point of Anime Blog Tournament, majority of the time, I am voting for what amounts to be the losing blog, which I don't care.
Yes! Heard about it. TY so much. I value ur input b/c have gr8 respect 4 u.
i hope you had fun at six flags:)
I would love that! I miss all of you guys so much.
"So what are you going to do on Easter if he's Jewish"
RT : It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness
Thanks Nicole. You guys were all great. The fans loved it, another successful WTHR umbrella night at the Pacers game!
Happy Chinese new year to all our Somaphonites and dragon aficionados celebrating! :)
haha yeah I am now reaping the consequences of not applying myself lol.
Last day of classes! Time flies when you're molding minds.
you'll be the first to know ;)
"Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison." - H.D. Thoreau
I'm knocking on your door tomorrow! ima get me some food lol
My wife's a hottie.
It's picture week here at Stop by, smile wide, say cheese!
Shouldn't you?
"Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the year" - All those things we put off for the next day or don't properly schedule add up.
I hope no babies are created after you play this song
Obama is getting pretty thirsty for votes..?
you have to admit, is on a roll tonight!
Eight legged freaks > love this movie
Skiiers rejoice...I-70 has reopened
Im glad my brain took over my heart..
If you haven't tweeted since 2009, I just unfollowed you. If you are still here, and are sad, let me know.
Glad to be part of it! MT : We are so glad to support the cause! Because #ItGetBetter!
I KNOW! I'M GONNA DIE.
Follow 4 follow
lol i am
I actually have two families. My beautiful family. And my beautiful Swifties<3
Seattle, about to head in for a 12 hour shift at Children's Hospital....
I know right!
We love it too! Keep sending the feedback. What's your favorite part?
Well, that's a good reason. I'm always getting spammed
“: RT : Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides >I can't take credit, thank ” u sent to her
but it's cool, id rather be weird than normal anyway
Cuz I just wanna live my life & party .
Opening session underway at #SNIPSummit. PetsMART Charities & ASPCA discussing their support of spay/neuter & Humane Alliance.
I felt my first earthquake! It was kind of scary/kind of fun waking up at 3 or 4am to a shaking bed. Everything is okay, though! No worries.
“: i Want a Supafreak ;)”
Listening to Young Jeezy while studying for an exam will instantly make you feel more prepared, the man is an idiot.
are you still up here?
The fat has been trimmed from our first Kickstarter project. Let's see if we can raise $4000 in 45 days. It launches Tuesday!
Very true - many people that I actively engage with on Twitter, I met in real life, first.
where is the cocktail party? Is it open to registered attendees?
Thanks - I'll send shortly... DM means direct message
I sincerely apologize for any hearts broken or tossed asunder.
Shorty Wanna Fuck Me I Say Get On Top n Rollercoast
can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow nath! it WILL be amazing and i expect a hug :) xx
lol y'all still fawning over her?
#LightMasters Number 13 by "My grandparents are watching some black @ white movie older than my underwear."
UPDATE: We are on at 3...hang tight!
The booth is right next to the cupcake station at tonight's bridal show.
hahaha no i was so close!
Where do I sign up for a class where I sit behind a Zumba class and just watch?
<3 u back
I'll make you one, but then it will likely come from a box.
TKF students learned about recycling today on our EDCO tour.
#Patriots, cheaters NEVER win! Congratulations, #Giants!!!!
T Woods in great shape on 18. It's Sunday!
VDOT reports that Chain Bridge will be closed today from 9:30 am to 2:30 pm. Please use alternate routes.
We goin hard like 500pd gold brick
I love #scandal - when will they say if it is renewed?
i will see then in concert this friday november 4 in houston , tx . so do you like the old GNR or new GNR
Go out and make a difference today.
Drinking my last Wee Heavy Scotch Ale
dont forget to tell your friends to follow us! monday were choosing a random follower that has been promoting us! <3 xoxo
Interested in a unique POV on social media? Meet ... Int'l social media extraordinaires! Great team!
I'm up and in lobby now if u wanna bring Ur stuff over. It's right outside door next to Atlantis vid arcade.
Bummed that I missed last night's debate.
No one cares about basetball
Class start Monday at UT. We're getting ready for a massive fall issues of Vicious Music Mag! Thanks for sticking with us!
Great job on the mobile app for this year's fest! Amazing lineup too!
Kind staff at hotel made me a toiletries bag and sent me to my room with a glass of champagne. Day is brightening!
LOL I WAS GONNA CORRECT YOU BUT I FIGURED ID LET TYSAN LOLOLOL
Yes. I'm an outside reader (obviously) for this one.
I was just on your site today. Looks like you have a pretty good season coming up!
I land at 520
the nuggets are taking a huge dump all over the lakers right now. oh well! game 4!
Teaching Johnson's Idler #31, "On Idleness," in the last week of semester, feels just right.
ill go as far to say womens sports > baseball
so fancy..lol
Tick Tock Photo starts our Weddings at $400.00. That is for 3 hours of shooting, all photos edited, a CD and all rights!
you rocked tonight at the #BlackCat in #DC this eve! I will pay for your quotes on the #tramp stamp!
W/e happened to referring to anything crazy as 'Pulling a Jenny' circa 2005'?
Cleaning the house getting ready for the week
Hey, it's a realistic Halloween cruise!
It was cute!
RE: 127 Hours -- my son said it perfectly, "Just watch the last 15 minutes to find out everything you need to know."
You're the best I've had
thank you!!
Thank you Pastor Janeen. It was truly an "epic" shoot!!
I need someone different
BLURB OF THE YEAR. Throw up the devil horns! WOO!
I would love to contribute to the body mechanics of massage research
where the party at
CT scan probably "best" test for Chronic Sinusitis
A2 staff have technical knowledge, volunteers have passion so hybrid can work - also never hurts to have more eyes to review!
1234 soon as you walk thru the door Countin 56789 one million thoughts quick hit my mind !
If I were Morgan Spurlock, I would make a movie where people on Burning House actually have to carry all that stuff out of a burning house.
When someone says "everything happens for a reason" I'd like to smack them and say "yeah, I guess you're right"
Wow stupid spam in my inbox #word .
#Podhbcu brief daily writing sessions - even 5 minutes each day – results in increased writing productivity AND IMAGINATION
that moment that makes you feel awesome because you sang a song that you haven't heard for about 2 years or more XD or just a very long time
Pickup Line: What do you say we go back to my crib and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply
did you have fun in NOLA??
That is beautiful! I picked a venue. It's a castle!
yea it's kinda like finding out the human eyeballs in the haunted houses are just boiled eggs
Verdict in trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, accused of manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death, to be read at 4 p.m. ET
Quack.. Quack.. RT Just Ducky Tour blocking my traffic. Urge to kill rising.
#followfriday Taylor Christian Jones - photographer for Alabama
#QuestionsIGetALot why are you such a bitch?
air them out sweetie. Nothing wrong w commando
sounds good!
Bagels from Bodos had a very low seed count yesterday.
Was checking out your Twitter stream, seems like you're having fun. I am in Paris and Madrid (3rd to 9th Nov), u around?
good point. Thinking of how much IT has changed in 18 months...the iPad only came out 2 years ago!
Realistic solution to save the global economy is for the Chinese to invest in debt ridden nations with their vast cash reserves.
awee its ok, I feel the same way </3
It's snowing in Pittsburgh, yeah!
you have nothing better to do than monitor the bathroom habits of coworkers?
WTF JUST HAPPEN....THIS A FLASH BACK OF MIAMI GAME FROM YESTERDAY WITH MARIO CHALMERS....SMDH!!!
"He has risen!" Happy Easter!!!
what news? Good news?
In Austin! Pretty quiet here at ufo so far.
SHOUT OUT TO !!!!' really awesome directioner... And tweets are amazing! :) xx
Just found a great play writing seminar in Madison. Now I just got to figure out a place to stay.
just woke up n playin with tini
lovely here this afternoon, thanks! And you?
News Flash: Old dog learns new trick! RT : OMG, about to blow away his Windoze partition!
it's amazing man, haven't pumped the breaks since well before SXSW, good to relax a little bit, miss my people tho man! Hbu?
Von Trier. Ogbh. Best Place @ Pabst of its open.
Turkey trot reg, car detail and hair do. I'm pumping money back into the #Cleveland economy today, man!
I'll do it when you're least expecting it....
If her age is on a clock, she's too young for you bro
You rock dude!
Hey Ladies.. If you a Dime Piece, but can't keep a Man.. That means yo Coochie is Wack!
Met all the boys just now with my girl !!!
let's keep in mind that this was not a win to brag about.
Now following I need a #vegas trip asap!
ha! No they are wearing black today. Could still be the problem...
Telling me that Google Plus added a cover photo is like telling me the Sears Catalog switched to soy ink. Don't care, never will.
Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd?
what football team r u cheering for this weekend
attended a brainstorm session about bicycle burlesque last night. smart women are so kewl. shall i perform?
I love cool nights when you can raise your windows & get some fresh air...then you realize your neighbor is burning his trash.
Do you even know what a condom is? I know you have cable there's a lot of commercials...
haha, close to my real initials silly! NCD :)
Show tomorrow with ! Come out Whittier.
I'm mature haha
Thank you! I like being out of my element - so many photo ops in new places.
Um. Yes please.
Got your FB message, so joining here!
Daniel is like a pesky little gnat
Almost any company why?
This is how I feel... RT Good riddance to TV. Sad people lose jobs, but that network was atrocious.
Don't be late to class tonight - no excuses!
And Jesus rose with all power on the 3rd day. Happy Easter.
Is everything OK? I haven't gotten anything from the press in a while.
Why are so many people tweeting about David Beckham ?
RT : Now that commencement's rolling around, we want to know: What's the #bestadvice to give to recent college grad?
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
For sure! Love you! Any chance that you'll be singing something from RENT on Glee? Maybe even with Lea? Thanks so much. :-)
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction. Tom Browne
u guys were amazin tonite on kca ! wish i could see u in concert one day ! <3
meant to say "glad you received it!" Hah! :)
Liars..phonies..frauds...dickriders...gets NO RESPECT from me
why did you put yes ?
Some cans would be awesome! How are the book sales coming along? (ps this is Megan :)
Another thing to add to my bad Tuesday... Diall is trending.
Just a few days amidst the neon with friends. Be well.
I want to take the time to thank god for waken me on this beautiful day. 🙏
Are you currently attending the 2011 #eclsummit in Austin? If so, what was your favorite part of Day 1?
Yeah it was Dillard that got hit by back to back lefties. Still should only be one ROOGY in the pen
Yes sounds like a plan.
Yep... RT , how would y'all feel bout opening for a rock band? Lol.
Watching #RedState. Now to find out why everyone was hating on my homies film.
every alpha needs an omega
I'm giving in. Does anyone have a invite?
Oh, PubMed. Why must you go and change every time I'm about to do a new video tutorial?
''Seesumbaagee votes for Seesumbaagee." --Seesumbaagee's assistant, "Pirates At World's End"
Feelin like frosted flakes =p
You gotta spend your last dime before you ever make a million
I kinda miss school?!
I got u lol
Louis Freeh testifying at MF Global Senate hearing
did they? They love the pedo lol “: hey Lauralee n Amanda came n saw me at work tonight lol”
hope u can make it!
where u planning to train this summer?
Maybe there's an alt Turing test here? MT : Still light years from being a Sam Malone
Remember when Brandon Jacobs trucked that guy then stepped on his chest? Me. RT : Feel like I'm playing Madden!
Sure! We can do aprons.
This game is pissing me off 😡
The Grizz would've given the Spurs major matchup issues. Remember last year?
Leadership is knowing the difference between teaching and telling.
- better sign up for June's Dealer Day today!
Dogs are mad because I made them go outside
Not bland. Subtle. Not boring. Subtle. Not meaningless. Subtle.
I won't wear the dress, Trog. It's itchy and un-American. I don't care if it's a funeral. --Clay
How do you jay walk down westheimer and get mad at someone cause you almost got ran over lmao
congrats you deserve it<333
cant wait to go to prince royce concert in march
some day… Art Basel will be a trip for me… but for now I remain chained to my Mac!
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.” ~ Howard Zinn
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!
email and ask for it.
Who wants to go on flock?(:
So who else is in town still?
RT: Be connected!! Scripture warns against facing life alone & being prideful! > A S K = (A)sk (S)eek (K)nock -Matthew 7:7
Good morning
i was just looking at that list! tir na nog is normally a pretty good spot.. wanna start there and we can move around if we want
On the agenda for tonight, #Avengers at !
Absolutely loved the Artist. The silence is not used as a gimmick. It was great.
Half Price Bottle Wine Tonight!
slow internet will be the end of my internet life.
Movies like that make me cringe. No therapist should even think of doing that.
I meant hw. Gosh. You're not invited to that part of my life.
I love K Wood but it's time. I respect his loyalty & dedication to the Cubs though. Others could learn from that.
tonight hip house at pink elephant nyc:)
Tyrion for Pres. 2012 RT : game of thrones yes! I finally broke down and got HBO when season two started
You must be really bored. Do you understand Spanish?
Weyler: We need more available editions of early American novels that challenge dominant conceptions of womanhood. They exist.
i love your song 'boyfriends back' and instantly fell inlove when i heard it, i absolutely adore you style
Just finished running 7 miles at griffith park... way too hot, i am happy to be home!
Sure. LMFAO. Weirdo.
All that hype for Instagram, and I never even used it
Thursday Dodge Ball leagues are now forming @ Ultimate Sports Center, Columbus Ohio. Please visit us @ www.CapitalCitySports.com 4 details!
hah I miss skyping with you
I've managed to make today one of the laziest days in history.
It's going to be Christmas soon! Hehehe! Be sure to spread the word! ;)
Tonight, Chef Chris Foster of shows us how to prepare mussels & an insanely delicious gnocchi dish. 7pm, WLAE-TV Ch. 14 or 32.
Today in Literary History: On May 11, 1942 William Faulkner's GO DOWN, MOSES (a collection of short stories) was published.
Tonight, join us at 6pm at the Herring Run Branch of the to see the newest films from
Spotting a rat in NY is like spotting a squirrel in LA.
n reality all these hoes r jus loose ends
Im going 2 stop working hard 4 my money, Im going 2 have my money work hard 4 me!!!
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul
The expendables
#np - bite my tongue by yma6
Reason 17 to love the BBA: We have pretty street banners that we collectively worked hard to get!
Psalm 86:11-13 is giving me life right now! God's love towards me is great& He has delivered me from the depths of the grave.
When james got the and1 miller hit us with that pelvis thrust hard lmfao
recommends! “: Had an iced coffee and it was good! You must try one right this minute!”
Hey,dirty baby I got cha money
so many followers^-^
I know Ty and I coming down one weekend to visit family!!! We gotta go out one night!!!
Finally got my presentation out of the way. I sucked but whateva
thanks for the help anyways. i appreciate it! havent been to the store in a while, i'll have to swing by sometime soon
Be Safe Sacramento, Use a Taxi if you are going to drink! 916-501-8171 J's Taxi of Sacramento
Hey got any El Anatsui? Might have a collaboration project for summer??
yeah it is!!! i added you!!!
Thanks to all those who helped us hit the 200 mark on facebook :)
Just had a conversation over the phone with a 23 month old.
North Carolina....Embarrassing
“: #FF and thankful 4 true friends Same Here!!
My Dad lives in MoVal. What you doing out there?
Having trouble adding people to follow for some reason. Anybody else having trouble with this?
Waiting for formal notification of Mali feasibility study grant. Going to Mali Q3 of 09.
"Style is primarily a matter of instinct." -Bill Blass
WeLoveJoBros Because they are freaking amazing :))) Love <3
This other kid starts singing "I want Ms. Chatman to READD the book."
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: Toshiba Thrive 10.1-Inch 16 GB Android Tablet
Our website is pretty much done, just waiting on a few things to come together before we go live!
Oh how I love a sequence in which a young girl is encouraged to cheer on the objectification of her mother.
harcdore creeping on sexxy ass boys >>>>>
This guy on the Spurs' Facebook post saying there's "Resentment between Pop and the players". The hell are you talking about? We are not ORL
I desperately need to get my hair done
Gotta love !! I only pay $88/month for FULL COVERAGE, with $0 Deductable, AND a renters policy!!
All you moms on Detroit, have a awesome Mother's Day!
Goonies never say die.
...and a fabulous happy hour :)
"The oil industry does not own the sun, so the use of #Solar energy has not been opened up."
These ppl who live above me are really stressing me out. What is all this walking around about at this time of night. **grabs broom**
if someone starts playing Rhinestone Cowboy I am going to be pissed & probably have to finish the 2nd bottle of
FACT: Adults ages 30-45 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families & pursue careers.
GO FOLLOW NOW
Dwyane brought LeBron to Miami to do all the heavy lifting while simultaneousely being the permanent scapegoat.
On the ground in Boston!
yes I'm in but how do I give the photo?
Whether it's Yoga, Photography, or anything, focus, and let your light shine.
Calling all writers- building our website on LD...If you have an article &can share, contact
Woo! We have screaming babies errywhere and it's finals weekend. But hey, I'm getting out of a wedding shower, so...worth it?
what if its funny?
Mariano Rivera you were one of my favorite players and one of the best players of all time. Get well soon!
The USA is still a populist country.
sorry I can't be at the grand opening! If anyone is in NOLA, you must visit McClure's.
Stressed. Should be sleeping, but there's too much on my mind.
my lil sis is coming!!!!!!!!! make sure there is room in da car!!!
Good choice Radio 104 and congrats Allyson!
How do you ask a girl out? Open the door and yell at her until she leaves. lol lol I love Corey Matthews.
Pretty excited for the weekend. :)
Eagles are my #1 ranked Defense this week. I could intercept John Skelton
could you please follow me..
i hope follows me she is so talented and so gorgeous :)
Auntie M! Auntie M!! *spins around in a circle* It's a Twitterstorm!
they probably just like us because we're really nice people! :D
What will I do without Ketchup
every single directioner on Instagram is crying their eyes out over ! What happened?
let's go check out lacma's 'under the big black sun' sometime next week. we can stop by occupy la on the way.
having long hair for the day is so wierd O.o
Really wish Ja Rule would make a comeback
I agree steve, the iphone bores me to death too.
no chance. low minor pro hockey almost dead in this state. NAHL could prob coexist w/ Stars but the only rink just closed
Apparently a superhero this guys impersonates when he is drunk.
www.tweetiator.com alerts you in real time when people share links to your content on Twitter and lets you follow and message them!
thank you for the re-tweet
The principal amount is not exchanged between counterparties, rather, interest payments are exchanged based on a “notional amount”
you can be my friend. (: teehee.
it's a great day
Amen. What's metadata? FRBR, now that I learned. Oyf.
RT : It's true! The World's Best Cheddar is naturally 100% lactose free. Enjoy! RT for real? lactose free cheese?
Not a good day for packers.
A reason not to love the NHL Playoffs: having to watch hockey.
i'm bulletproof,nothing to lose.
Amalia Alarcon talking re: her involvement in the Equity technical adv group
About to play The Camp House in Chattanooga, TN with ! Chatty folks, come out!
Eager to jam with our new bassist!
Thank You All #FF Peace & Love...
Her pr date has blue and white in his hair.
You and Jesus Barbie lead such busy lives. :)
Had a great auditioning workshop with last night! I found it very insightful to learn from a director's perspective.
Let us take care of dinner this evening, come get a Grassfed Beef 'Spring Fling' or a Brown Butter Rabbit 'Easter Bunny'! Open 'til 8!
Wow this E-40 song has a Bjork sample. I like!
Nice --> RT Oh great. Out of all days of the year for a CNN interview. Friday the 13th? For serious?
Thank you so much Pam!
She can kiss my black ashy ass! RT : I told you to be quiet dude now you're gonna get it
Oh my god, what is that smell?... oh right. The baby.
RT ":*Mom calls your name*Yeah?*silence* Yeah!*silence*What?!?!?!*silence*Wtf *sighs and gets up to go see what she wanted*"
or you could just wise up and follow the right people...
wow the Blue Jays killed the Yankees tonight. well that's really cool
I would have to agree. Holly's talent is unreal.
thanks Miri - Rick
Gears are turning. Big announcements coming soon including dates for volunteer information sessions and registration! Stay tuned!
Thanks for the follow! What type of investing do you do?
If your nothing but negative , you life is always going to be negative .
Congratulations to the first 12 Associate Members of Lambda Chi Alpha at #AmericanU! A Lifetime of #TRUEbrotherhood lies ahead!
Wow! We saw SO MANY talented people this week... We've got some really hard decisions to make!
Going tanning never fails to relax me
be safe Rick.
wow u guys messed up... Of course ur gonna pick the crying fat kid?
When will you be in Chicago?
roger that. will take a look. do you have any design in mind?
In This California King Bed
Ditto! “: So glad I got to visit during #aam2012 !
thanks! The story's on wctv I think.
Christmas at my Sitty's house 
Awful news. I'm still in shock. “: did you hear that Craig Cornett had passed?”
I know I talk to you before
I regretted alot of things in my life,but I learned to live with it,it was the pass know this is present!
I meant did u get my Em Address?
Congrats to Turkish Thunder, Ersan Ilyasova on being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week.
you already know. SUPER BOWL!!!
currently I am working on a proposal for work. complementing Sam on blogonsisters.com
you know that's your baby first :)
Lindsay Lohan Gets a Li 'l Catty for Court In not-so-shocking news, Lindsay Lohan returned to court this morning. This is the umpteent
Love unconditional tho the hate is visiable , visibily rise like D-Rosen with the lyrical ...
Love my books, they teach us to enjoy life. Or to endure it.
The social network
how did you feel about cena gettin the F5??
Don't Panic! Tips from Safe Kids USA - Story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
anytime hunny bee ^.^
Great highlights on the news tonight!
Man, the nuthouse is rocking
Vibe'n to my old show music from back when I was 18, Damn that shit was live . . Wit the bro
Let me know next time. We'll ride side by side in Duel stereo LOL
Stop trolling.
Mention me # teamfollowback I follow-back
When wearing Under Armour, pause and ask: Was it provided to me by a team or school I play for? If not, take it off because you look silly.
but hes not famous right???? Do u know him???
Certainly. I mean no one shld directly ask people to beat others up, but that indeed is not the accepted definition for some
I didn't follow you back because I didn't want to see your ugly ass on my TL
That's incredible!! WOW! You're still in Md. on the HistoryMakers, right?
Back in NYC!
Why does the library always smell like a hamster cage?
no need for all that drama, esp on Twitter. If someone upsets you that much thats what the block button is for.
nor does it mean that his explanation is necessarily correct.
standing in the sugarpit line waiting on #in yourhands to start. Lets get this city a Rocking!
watching criminal minds and tweeting!:)
"Obesity will crush the United States in oblivion." - overheard on the television.
your dumb, end of story.
Hello 1st time I saw your smiling face today, hope you had a fun Maine filled weekend!
wants to see tour.
#bmaengage needs to provide a table for speaker's water
i know, everything is getting more visual, and I think it's because of broadband internet... and touchscreens.
Stop. Hammock time...
it's okay we'll FIGURE IT OUT TOGETHER. :)
so i kinda need you to go to your PO BOX and get the shirt... i wanna know if you like it!!!! :)
#CT2011 - it will be slow to move to the cloud at my campus -- all kinds of privacy issues, myths, pessimism, blah blah blah
When do they back it down? At 100-0?
Would you sacrifice your life for a night of love?!
thank you!!!
Just got home from a #Cubs #Sox showdown that was supposed to be for city bragging rights, but ended up feeling more like spring training.
New Call of Duty revealed May 1rst.
I really enjoyed it! Hope I could provide some small guidance. Perhaps I'll see you this summer, keep us posted on how things go.
Lets meet at the Chispa booth during the lunch break?
#OdetoOldFlames is coming. Real Soul music from my man
not sure welcome to twitter
Oh my just realised i have left my house with a hello kitty plaster hahaha
Join "Out of Fashion" artists Mary Tuma, Gabrielle Duggan and Talena Sanders as they discuss their work on Jan 19 , part of Talk!
Tweeting live from Woodland and Euclid in Lexington!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and Beef Barley Soup
Too bad #daylight savings time didn't kick in every night I'm at work for 12 hours. That hour ahead made the night go fast last night.
I love the smell of old computers.
So much Cuban food. I love this vacation.
": He tweets about CNN. I tweet about myself. Lol"
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/07/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Thursday night is Scott Wilson night. Bring your nostalgia.
love that! What are your top choices so far?
Congrats to : The Future of #Film looks amazing. Film critic shld speak!
yes you are
hey will you be kind and follow me:D
I also have several book ideas - plots, characters, settings... But those take longer.
This is my 1,200 tweet...go me, I guess
what is that a picture of?! Lol
requesting a follow back.
looking forward to the red carpet and the performances tomorrow night
hahaha and ironically, I love sour patch kids...they tie with skittles ;)
I will for sure! :)
Since when did "finals" equal "eat my weight in junk food"?
I'm leaning more toward Harold Camping being wrong....but I have to wonder how many of those who believe his teaching concerning the end...
link to speculation in question?
#NP Welcome to the Jungle
is your job hiring?
Don't know if it's taboo but something we rarely see depicted in ch/YA bks is cross dressing. Also transgender parents.
It's aright and it's nice not to be so alone, but I hold on to your secrets in white houses
ugh my brain is spinning what to do what to do
“: Lol, sadly I bet more hours are spent on the email than the meat!” So true!
hey do you know fan mail address..?
such a smart way to use twitter! MT : Need a fresh read? Tweet us the last book you liked & we'll make a personal recommendation!
The HUman VOIce a Instrument, a GIFT...... A BLESSING. #love #jazz and
tired of inconsistent, unnecessary bureaucracy.
Smash Mouth -- Bassist Paul DeLisle & Wife Accused of EXTREME Domestic Violence
So hot in Raleigh today. 10AM sure came early y'all. Guess I'll roll into work and put in my 6 hours before calling it a day.
It takes more than capital to swing business
two days in a row! Can hardly walk today! Foot massage anyone?
#howrace it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game. Also, team five definitely in the lead.
I love <3
But that has nothing to do with being a hipster.
Amazing knit wear designers in Brooklyn - just fabulous! I am starting to knit bags again - passion still, 13 brights! #Yarn Studio
Emily's 15s with Dayana & Melissa :*
I did it.
Trust is the hardest thing to find and the easiest thing to lose.
This on the World Market for the buyers and the salesmen to use lightemitting diodes lightemitting diode lightemitting diode o :-)
Whats a King to a God?
is wishing a very happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful, sweet, and sexy MILF's out there. Also, well wishes to all other moms as well.
say what??
I Have one thing to say
