"A gd education tends 2 B the most reliable escalator out of poverty [but] disadvantaged kids oftn dnt get a chance 2 board that escalator."
hey, I'm your newest follower, yeah I thought you could use another follower :)
DM me what you want.
i wish
It's about to rain I just want a hot meal n my man
Done with class now time to hit the gym I'm goin HAM
I say I don't like abortions so I don't have one. You say you are "pro choice" so everyone should agree &pay for it
Apache Closes Cordillera Energy Partners I LLC Purchase - Quick Facts
Happy Sunday! Since the weekend is quickly coming to a close, what are you doing to relax today?
you visited me today at work! Lol.
don't disrespect mr. Crooks . How dare you spell his name wrong
no idea, but I'm interested in hearing what you decide. Thinking about doing it, too!
Laying in bed, watches the Yankees Game, eating cake=the perfect night(expect for being sick) ~*FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr <3*~
Last day working for starbucks.. Yes...
The tan may have taken a turn for burn today. Perhaps my shoulders will opt for some SPF during tomorrow's five hour sun rally.
Home sick with strep throat today. Just discovered Young Frankenstein on TV! Saved! Hurrah! My Pop loved this movie! Mel Brooks is amazing!
7 days until summer vacation begins. 10:30 AM it begins!!!
Lots of new interesting Blogs on TopSistaBlogs.gotop100.com Check them out! If you have a business add it to TopSistaSites.gotop100.com
Sorry to hear that. Would really like to hear your feedback if you could take the time. Email me?
Halloween is almost here What will you be this year..Will you be a vampire, beer girls, betty boo zombies or just you let me know
enjoying the beautiful day??
Tonight! at The Bowery Electric in NYC! Free vinyl package w/ entry. 7:30pm doors. Hop to...
in that case, we'll talk into it. :-)
well deserved.
««Now I move with aggression, use my mind as a weapon
#REDalbum is fire.... is the best in the business
Telegraph operator: DitCurator.
Helluva book tour, #Newt--helluva book tour!
Guess what I'm going right now?
LOSER :D
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
"I would love to go to home depot right now.".
RIP Adam Yauch, No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
aw I'm so sorry, babe. </3 xx
Thanks :D You is Boylieber( Justin bieber)?????/
.RT : French teachers & members: Don't miss our article about the DVLF in the January issue of the AATF National Bulletin!
If gays want to join the military and fight for this country, by all means let them. Current policy makes no sense in this day and age.
lol no im ten
a follow back would be great nanduche !
So much to catch up on the first day back after a conference!
Kevin Hart is too funny. Watching him on comedy central right now.
Got my journalism and electronic media major acceptance letter 😄😊😁!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you got it right though! Good job, despite my moment haha
Nothing like on a sunday morning on my way to church
oh yeah I forgot they are celebrating him today...I didn't think they would make everyone his number because I it!
Old age brings pleasant memories, sometimes of things that really happened. - Don Kirkman
#FridayChallenge difficulty level: 1 Talk to a female as patronizingly as possible. Tweet me your experience Now GO
Needs a sugar daddy afterall...
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training! It's always good to connect with others in the eyeball biz!
seattle , 'cause i like it and it's more quiet :)
ok if you need anything else just askk! And yess I'm so excitedd(:
Stab me
great night man!!
I pluck the black roses prematurely sent by enemies to their overly-optimistic dating of my demise and funeral.
for the same reasons it wasn't this year. Too much to explain in 140 characters. Come to a PCBA meeting sometime.
I know! Its tough to find league info around here
“: "I'm giving up wine for lent - but only in Texas" - ” She told me this last night. I give it 24 hours.
please follow me or RT me plz
winner winner chicken dinner. ;)
Don't sweat the negative and embrace all of the positive.
Berman and jackson are the worst. #espn you need to send them out to pasture
nope they are here rockin with us tonight!
Hey is your patio puppy friendly for behaved doggies?
For a florist, you should call Exotic Plants
Happy Mothers Day !!!! I love you!!! Thank you for Everything!!!!!
If UGA beats Kentucky tonight, I will buy every one of my followers a beer if they remind me next time they see me out.
I agree RT. Act like a lady .. Think like a man. Incredible! Movie is Gr8!! Funny!! Everybody did their thing!
this is what I've been waiting for. My whole GABF trip ends with a visit to
Chapter 2: break-ups
Final 18, avg chips, goodish seat, time to own
ahh. it's YOUR fault! i vote for you to cut the caffeine! ;)
#anchorman sequel would be one more stroke of burgundy genius!
what's up my friend?
JB is lovely and wonderful, and you haters are anonymous cowards who take pleasure in hurting people you don’t even know. you make me sick.
Off to DC United game, hopefully it won't rain to much
Big admirer- Thank you for helping expose moral delinquency, and making DISGUST for it the COOL thing to do! Much <3 !!
Thanks . We're excited about where it goes as well. So far the response has been amazing. Heady days here at the studio.
And now he's coming back in.
Interims in Charleston today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Figured out what happened on the first lap in Goodland... Tire went down.
I love to SMILE.
Google limiting Twitter options on purpose. Only option from Google app is share to Safari and then Tweeting from there.
Wth its to early to be up :/
hahah<3 its okay if they do ill just play along
Don't forget,you can listen to my conversation w/ on www.kfmg99.1.org
soon not sure yet, but u know ill let.ya know the second I find out :) gonna need everyones help spredin the word about it!
shoutouut to for playing her butt off in tournaments. (:
Apparently we still have his tail...
what time/times were the spots aired today?
Again I got in the shape I was in the picture with cardio and loss very little muscle mass while on low carb.
Who knew an EIGHT & UNDER game could be so intense
Thanks! And definitely -- we may be out in CA next month
Meeting with a Networking partner @ Andre's Uptown
Naturally, price will play a part in your printer decision making processes
Thanks Chris. Appreciate the good word. Cheers mate.
Today's added plates: Meat and Potatoes Omelette / Alabamy Sammy- Buttermilk Biscuit with Crispy Chicken, Sausage Gravy, Fried Egg
Looking forward to a fancy dinner my wife Jana Williams Photography is making for us tonight!
that's good! We had some one make an illegal left turn by our place and hit and run. :(
Come see ya boy tonight at urban heat night club in Mesa Sycamore and main!
just saw season one of teen wolf, you were great!!
The topic will cover how organizations can utilize SMS and Near Field Communications (NFC) in their mobile marketing efforts.
Listening to the 12 days of the Browns on awesome!
BummerRT : Knicks Point Guard Jeremy Lin To Miss 6 Weeks After Surgery For Meniscus Tear
trying to understand how twitter works...
I consent
My credit card company called me asking to let them LOWER my interest rates. Why yes , You will hear no objections from me!
Will hike 'n photograph at Catoctin Mountain Park tomorrow morn in MD. I look forward to capturing the changing leaves, a post should follow
Please don't give advice unless you take your own first.
: what's up brah
LeBron still missed the two free throws that would have put them up 1
Parked at cvs waiting for my mom and two scary Mexicans with missing teeth parked next to me and keep smiling and I'm scared shitless.
he already had me learn 5 cuaa sets.
Kelly Osbourne's hair matches Sarah Hyland's dress. Grow up, Kelly.
Well come over my house than. :)
when I was 12 my friend and I prank called these girls blastn' "Bring Tha Noise" the PE & Anthrax track. They loved it
"you should call me sometime" "okay" *not gunna do it i know shocker*
wth u doin #LosingFocus?????? Im good...unless u wanna feed uh brother...lol
“: If any of my old teams invite me for an old timers game I will play. Anything for a look”Give it a rest bro it aint happening
Ha ! Lol you sleep long !!
this bitch over here lickin niggas backs and shit!
I hate takin the bus
Same ol' weave , just a different glue. Mama need a perm, baby needs one too. Times is getting hard, tracks is getting loose ha
huh. I haven't listened close enough to notice, I'll check it out!
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
Looking forward to learning more about #Houdini tonight at 6 with Thanks to for spreading the word.
lol at girls these days, thinking that snitching is going to solve their problems.
Tuesday RT S/O to incredible talent:
&&although she still wants him, I have him, &&he wants me..(:
is learning the rules of the road from touring veterans in Everest. Great group of guys, kick ass music, and this beautiful country = drea…
headed to #Chicago and have a free day on Friday. Anything to do/see? How about a salon for a good haircut?
Radio stats for the trip to spokane. Most played artist: K. Perry; Most played song: Don Henley - Boys of summer, which was surprising.
hungover. I'm just going to watch it @ my place. What's your plan? Come over!
: RT : I pray that a loving home comes to those two twin foster puppies now.
English friends: will you be around mid-July? I am probably speaking in Ireland again and might stop in London along the way...
I'm very skeptical of the Marlins' new spending power, since their 2011 payroll was such a paltry 57 million.
Life's too short to be a downer!
Many thanks to #BrickOvenPizza in #FellsPoint for supplying some amazing pies for our play date!
seriously people. can we please get on a chat site and talk? PLEASE
Hot Sunny Day :) -A
post that video dj!!!!!
Amy X dinner/concert just added to the schedule for Saturday, August 20
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together. -Jack Kerouac
Could never get enough of him. <3
So my bro got me mw3 then stole ops from me lol smh
its nothing like that were just friends its how I talk
Replaced Mail in my iPhone dock with . We'll see how this goes. I rarely use push anyway.
just got back from your show! You kicked some ass tonight! I must say I loved you REM dance.
Looks like that'll be pretty efficient!
Hey, do you know ? Met him tonight, he mentioned Collekt, a web at a winery in Temecula.
I'm not single & I'm not taken. I'm simply on reserve for the one who deserves my heart because they say good things take time
Awh, thank you. :]
You looked better in my dreams.
indeed. Even more then before to be honest.,
You're the best :)
I don't know what notes are but margaritas and pizza help me study for finals pretty well.
It was a retrospective ruining. Also: hi! Welcome to Twitter.
UH, they are so good.
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
thanks! It's gonna be a late night!
I got away with a Valentine's day card with puppies AND a fart joke. I rule!
Hi Guys
Spring Break!! #Swag #HecksYeah #Finally!
Lucille Ball moment. Lugged laptop, briefcase, lunch sack, & hot chai into office at once. Spilled mug o' chai. At Dunn Bros now.
Ah gotcha. Thanks.
Well, it's official...A.E. Pearson Photography is now 100% FILM! Just sold off the last of my digital equipment today. Woo Hoo!
yeah lol that's why i always say that but it's okay
I know there are supposedly happy people in this world. I never believed it, but I take it for granted. God knows, they're all on television
The beginning of a new year and its brick outside in the NYC!
makes me wonder why I ever left Istanbul.
looking forward to a morning (of reading) with bell hooks
What are you doing to reduce your carbon footprint? Join + in celebrating Earth Day! Pls. RT
Kobe has more heart than basketball player on this earth. Period
my mom's embarrassing me again....sigh. NEVER dance in public mom..
Sounding more and more like my good friend, Kermit the Frog by the minute.
Good times today with capture the flag and a variety of arts at #LyndenSculptureGarden! Get outside and play!
Here we go Huskies! Here we go!
Connect with other women healing themselves and powering up everyday by joining our group on Facebook LET THE WOMB BE HEARD!
what's the number to the station?
yeah! Lol!! It's about to be funny
Dicks and butts will make no babies
I saw. Looks like I'll be working double hard for the last exam...in only two weeks. Yay!
#CHICAGO!! RT : Shawn Marion's basketball camp is coming to Chicago very soon! #Follow 4 details
My cab drivers pet bird was in the cab with me tonight.
: Thanks! The cookies were happy to catch some rays yesterday...
Meek Milly Racked up Racked OUT!
Three units: "Chaucer the Victim," "Chaucer the Murderer," "Chaucer the Zombie."
when Scottish people say your name >>>>>>>
finally a convincing win from the thunder, been waiting 2 games lol
When my mom asks me 10000 questions ! >.< OMG
I'll bet that's what everyone thinks when they work out next to you.
The restaurant of live, and I've chosen the tasting menu.
the stories bring family history to life - thanks for this!
#cheap flowers Lowest prices this week on chrysanthemums, lilies and carnations in yellow and orange.
be faithful to be happy! good people always win! that's the rule!
Principal, Donovan Davis, is quoted in Design Builder Magazine; 10 Homebuilding Trends You Won't See in 2011
It's CHEESEBAR WEDNESDAY at our Little Italy location! From 5-8pm to enjoy an array of artisinal cheeses, spread, fruits, nuts, the works!
she is so bi-polar!!! And those eyebrows...
I'm sorry everyone, my twitter has been haccked, please dont click the liink in your DM box!
At least my English teacher offered to write me a letter of recommendation
Happy Friday!
Got told last night that I should start caring a little more....
The Super Moon is exact at 8.35 PST tonight Saturday. Not Friday as many have mistakenly noted.
haha me either. What english, math, and science, and electives are you taking?
Had a perfect assist to for a goal!! and I had some good blocks. Great game unbagged balls! We won 5-1 with 2 subs. Woohoo!
Money is much more exciting than anything it buys
This listen in for the A4V team is hilarious haha how did they make it this far? Bickering,fightning. This is entertainment.
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I do wat u do
miss u a bunch
I hear you are going to Brewers tonight? I'll be there.
If you've got some more #SXSW interviews that need transcribing, you know where to turn!
Wow! Finally calling out for what he is. ; ) : There are a LOT of douchey Cubs fans sitting by me. #notsurprised”
nytnyt and sweet dreams miley~ love you so much my dear friend~ hope you had a great day <3
Yay!! I finally got my invite for little monsters! Been waiting months!
Unless it's true. What if it's true?!?! I need to click.
Help a guy out and give him a follow. David I need 8 more followers to reach 100.. I need your help! RT
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Getting mixes of our new stuff today! We so xcited! It will be coming your way soon
It's our very first Tweet. It should have been more memorable, right?
I must say Michelle Obama completely won me over on #biggestloser tonight.
Have fun in another country!
Off to my sisters dance recital. Always fun to see my punk rock sister turn into a beautiful Ballerina.
ah yes I did! It's was a great day he RT/Tweeted me web I wished him a happy bday! =D
RT : I never NEVER had a valentine! :c
Wow, followed up by glory road.
i dont think we have i would love too tho .
21 Jumpstreet funniest movie i've ever seen, Wrath of the Titans was tight and so was John Carter
Looking for set piece, rare prop or costume? Need a designer or stage manager? Message me & we'll make it happen!
eating a burger wit peanut butter and jelly on it, drinking Seamus. 👍
Seriously, why do so many conferences happen in May? (CTIA, Streaming Media East, Cable Show...) Couldn't we get one in February? Or July?
This #PTFC # #Crew96 game is brutal
Tx u so much, have a great weekend!
One great idea for #kitchenlighting is under cabinet lighting. It illuminates the counter tops and gives the area an intimate feel!
It's not normal that I'm uber nervous for New Directions. Gone get it, club.
making rock @ chicago sound lab tonight
This is a lucky time in so many ways.
Thank you! Now begins the long road of the diss...
Come see me Sunday, 9/25 from 12-2:30pm @ 3928 Penny Royal Drive, Ft. Worth. See you there! See more at www.andreabell.com
Don't forget to share your favorites!
Can't wait to be back in my favorite state...
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!
Let's make it happen.
Act Of Valor! Lets run it
Your avi-> (always)
the Dream of life is living to what we have passion in & when we are told to put our passions on hold until we make a living or take care...
Severe lack of dancing amid this great mix!!
Http://audioelementalradio.com listen to the automatik shuffle live right now!
shid im makin plans hopefully soon gotta get my racks up cause i plan to trun up for more than a week
Hahaha seeing girls who wear heels and can't walk in them makes me wanna trip them. OH!
Great games today. Now onto the nights. $1 three olive cocktails for ladies from 9-12. Sunday is FUNday.
My first tweet never went through. We bought 4000 live crickets to go in our next Re-thinking Soup, to talk about ecological sustainability
Cher's first solo recording was Ringo, I Love You. She released it under the pseudonym of Bonnie Jo Mason.
Directv does have the Redzone Channel.
I ain't bouta put that shir on twitter till its finalized lol tryna set me up lol
- but try not to judge me, cause we've walked down different paths.
#nyy #yankees Mark's BABIP(B.A. on ball put in play) is among the lowest in entire MLB.This is entirely due to the SHIFT (started by Maddon)
The part that most of' love 'was ''call me maybe'' when selena and justin are going to kiss and separates ashley
Lovely piece! Yes, having hobbies/following non-work passion is important. The movie "Rock On" exemplifies the need beautifully.
I see al these randm ppl askin 4 2 follow thm an im 1 of thm I mean I try Everything an it seems it wil never b gud enough ;(
woot! the Rock's gonna be rockin tonight!
yeah I made it 1 or 2 months ago I just never came on
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
Happy Friday everyone! CEREAL LOVERS - HANDS UP!! Take time this weekend to measure out how many cups of cereal you eat - then see from the…
Lunch and riding bikes on Newport Beach with the kids. Could not be a more beautiful day!
My son Bob loves it.
‎"Ladies first" is just a nice way of saying "Let me look at your butt while you walk in front of me"
Who the fuck sniffs glue anymore? I think people realized how fucked up they got.
Awesome opening last night at Caseworks gallery, great people, art studio party, 80's dancing! I love
the surest sign of maturity in any American, is concrn about d interests of others rather than our own ..
indeed. like your profile pic - very nice…
RT : Getting excited about Florida with are u gonna be there this year??!!? You KNOW it!
happy birthday!
hope you're doing good Bridger. You still in LA?
book sounds interesting, i'm new 2this dif world.How does 1 start a blog? Is it challenging?Pros&Cons?Found u by #autism tag.
Burning the later-than-midnight oil with some classic jams, I see. :)
you must sleep wild as hell
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
“: what is the most humane way to assassinate squirrels who use my flower garden as food storage?” don't!
Hope your Friday commute home doesn't involve 15 minutes watching people not adapt w/middle lane stopped. :( UnHappy 1/4 Hour
thanks! thought of you - one of those great new colleagues co-founded the museum education program at GW!
Get it!! Jealous that I'm in statistics right now!
hahahhahahaha. Omg. I was just kidding! I've been applying everywhere!
I am working on that right now...will let you know
Need another A-Bomb from ARod.
in need of sushi rite now
I miss my sweetheart  .....Cant wait til he comes back tho 
UNI is where I went to school! Unbelievable!!
About to start Service Layers presentation at
Ur a dick..and thanks for calling me back on Friday.
RT : I'm getting calls from all over town that THE KENTUCKY DERBY by is selling like crazy. Always good to hear!
u a stranger...we gotta comunicate more....you was my bestest homie
Nerd joke alert! RT : RT : RT : Facebook investors: could I suggest you look into tulips?
We'll look into it. Don't know if the NCAA will allow us to print that logo though :)
Remember the good ol' days when people robbed banks... not the other way around?
would love to make a project out of popular exhibition and entertainment in Boston but i have no idea what would be an original angle on it.
You wanna taste it ? When he said that i herd wanna taste me ? Lmfao ! I love justin <3
ugh. i seriously can not get it together. i am so lazzzyyyy....help.
It's good, you?
FUCK YOU MONDAY!
Have a great weekend! Enjoy the first official weekend of fall! Bring on the pumpkin lattes, the leaves changing colors and the fresh air!
RT : On top of the August 15th and 16th shows, may have one on the 23rd in NYC. Stay tuned.
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, The Courage to change the things I can,& the Wisdom to know the Difference
#twittertools TwitterMass: TwitterMass is a hyper networking toolset for Twitter on steroids. Site suite of tools aim to help relieve some o
be sure to tell congrats on the opening and we'll see them soon!
Always be a first rate version of yourself... instead of a second rate version of how somebody else has made you feel.
other songs heard em say-Kanye (from the chi, like tim, its a hardaway),Glory-Kanye (D wade & gnarls barkley meet charles barkley
“: I think I'd be doing a lot better when I'm in the IT world than in nursing.” True. You're a freaking genius when it comes to gizmos
‎15th annual BUGS Farmers Market tmrw 10-1 at 802 S. Caroline St. in Fells Point- don't miss this 100% student-run, urban farmers market!
Up with insomnia so I decided to but on some Verdi and work. So delirious, it's kind of a party.
Would you give me a follow? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
how about I send you a large crate and you pack all you & kit and up and ship yourself here.
at least you didn't have to pay for it ;-)
Oh these fkers... That wasnt even the preview of the video.
Lamarcus having pancakes at 3:30am? Guess it is the all-star break. RT : Hot cake house off Rs Island bridge!
So, didn't release the video or tell us their big news yesterday....
The only sports discussion that should happen at work is about how much <MN sports team> sucks and how <WI sports team> is great.
t-minus 2 days until #CraftyBastards!! SO excited!! Come visit me at the Etsy booth from 3-5pm!! :)
Is this the real Anthony Sims from ole miss?
I hate moving.
I hope you take the road less traveled.
You will do fine! Vale! Pax!
RT : A clear conscience is a soft pillow~German Proverb
gonna be live tweeting today's events. Join in
what's with the wave crackdown at the ballpark? Does Holland have vertigo?
June 14th..."Suits" premiere.
I'm in such a cute mood hehe idk why
Six months since the announcement of and not a single confirmed act.
EVENTS CALENDAR for Week starting APRIL 27 - New Haven Register
Eric is coming today!!!
I've been a Canton resident for about 5 hours & I'm already so happy with our decision.
SC native reaches superstar status in country music
so my mouth dropped as I read these tweets! I didn't corrupt anyone! I'm pretty sure u live ur own life heffas
O, I want to see it!
Private party at the owner of pamplemouse grill top reatarant in sd..yeah that's how we roll baby
Don't worry our girls don't ware glitter! You're wife will never know!
With apologies to my Texas friends, GO CARDS!
I do
there are a lot of painpoints in this q and a
I hate #oomf so much.
Beautiful Day in Scottsdale, Arizona today... A sunny 88 degree's. Perfect weather to play a round or two...
Not good: RT : Struck by near complete absence of EPUB3 noise from #LBF12 #digiconf12 (assuming Twitter is omniscient of course).
I'm making me some Talapia for dinner tonight! I haven't made fish in a while
Bravo on your wise decision. A greater destiny awaits!!
I didnt know if you guys were doing the pathfinder day or anything.
Wow. Okay. Totally want to be a Cirque du Soleil dancer when I grow up.
Finally watching Obama's jobs speech--I love how Boehner looks so annoyed whenever Obama gives a speech.
If you're keeping your laptop open, try closing it. I had that problem with my cinema display at home.
STEM is not just science or technology or math or engineering. STEM is a truly integrated approach to these studies.
bishop luers bishop dwenger and Jefferson got them yesterday
- it would be wrong to want to watch new episodes of jenny jones.
Just her whole style in that particular role though.
yeah, me too.
My journey to the 'dark side' is near complete. Records Management beckons me.
We're welcoming students to a sweet spring semester with free cupcakes, Feb. 7, 3-4pm. Stop by tomorrow!
well im off to go outside alone for the millionth time hahaha i thought friends were supposed to involve you
Boiler Up! RT listen to me rt now of with my guy as we talk #nfl and #superbowl stuff!!!
Im so slow!
what's the drank situation lookin like? Whatchall brangin?
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
holy shit! tell mom to stock up on some shalimar! now, now, now!
": Janet just said "how do like someones stat on twitter?" Lmfao omg!!" LOL well shit I didn't knw
You're the best.!
Over to Lincoln Hall at PSU for a preview of the Portland Gay Men's Chorus concert before they head to NYC for 9/11.
k thanks
How successful is a tree going to be without its roots? Focus on ur strengths not just ur weaknesses
u got snow in jersey lol Colorado is in the 80s
Pizza Shuttle get's more than wild sometimes. What's your craziest experience?
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide x6
yea encore is playing now and tomorrow on HBOGO
Mm, I like arctic char a lot. Healthy like salmon, mild like white fish. Also, using purple carrots in one-pot rice dish = purple rice. WIN.
With each song, we're compelled to become better story tellers. And the story is always about
dm's..please reply. Seriously. :o
i gotta unfollow somebody to follow u
Roll Tide baby! Today is the day that champions are made!
will b tomorrow for lunch serving the best chicken n dumplins as featured on WKRN last night!!!Come on by
go ask he knows the gossip xo
RT : came from giving away a bike to a hardworking 5th grader. Praise God for the work in which I am privileged to participate.
Awesome show
I don't know why, but I absolutely love reading/seeing/following the coverage of plowing park roads and !
I know. Amazing.
Having yet another blissful experience with Steve Reich's 18 Musicians.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY thanks for all babe
Spring Shopping #Eggstravaganza Giveaways and mall gift cards up to $50! See Guest Services for details
lol, i thought that lady hair was red
Caveat Emptor => Let the buyer beware
Wow...that was close!! I thought that was gonna be it...hes one tough guy!!
A person should gamble every day, because think of how bad it would be to walk around being lucky and not know it. -- Robert Turner
bluebeam will be the biggest deception of all time. bible says that God will have to block the elect from being deceived.
Wohooo! Just helped a home buyer get approved! The mom took time off working to stay w/the kids&re-entered the work place about 2 weeks ago
Partying with the axpers capital cities tonight
Half Time. 1 all.
RETWEET!! IF YOU SEXY & YOU KNOW YOU ARE
Thank you for the follow! You're an awesome comedian and TV Hostess!!!
Don't forget to add our profile page hair of desire South Africa as a friend as well <3
I'M HERE
Pete can go from 0 to total creep in 2.5 seconds
I guess can tweet (from his iPhone) but not answer it...
that just mean the lakers suck
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Chipotle Slaw & Choice of Side $10!
It's funny how everyone lies on Facebook cause they know everyone, but everyone tells the truth on twitter to a bunch of strangers
Freebies are awesome! Email headin' your way! Thanks!
Surely not by giving over a billion dollars to black farmers because they were discrimated against at one time.
some people just don't know when to grow up
Happy St. Valentine's Day Chula Vista.
thanks for the mention--I forgot to tweet it myself! :O
PLEASE bring Gabby onto the podium with you! Nica Hults brings her siblings, you can bring Gabby!
i call the gym, church, always set u straight.
I followed back!
Had all these offers and unconfirmed plans and decided to drop everything. Just gonna stay at home with Tikky.
Separation of whites and colors? When will this segregation ever end?
I'm lovin the new Death Star
I miss you sometimes. The more I know, the less I understand All the things I thought I knew, I'm learning again.
That's what. -She
Starburst jelly beans >>>
Number 1 Rule: Never Get Attached!! #singlelife ;)
Brad Pitt’s Benjamin Button character & me have something in common, that’s not a disability. We both have black Mom’s! :) HELL YEAH!
Absolutely read "skittles" as "shirtless."
Purchase a beat and record for free, DM for details
Spending the afternoon meeting with investors and going over plans for a big new project... stay tuned!
Full-steam ahead !
you Hat them? Are they little top hats?
Thanks for the shout out! We hope you can visit too!
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best
Black Flag, Dinosaur Jr., and Flaming Lips, all in 87.
just gonna have to go back and read it again real quick.
“: Happy #openingday to all of my #Brewers friends in Milwaukee. , you guys save me a brat" yes
McDonald's for breakfast!
Hey everyone! Check out my brand new video on youtube.com Search Karissa Lynn, Its the Closer cover
smells like pizza.
hahah! Dang, I should have had you bring that by today!
Experience and professional tools will make your training videos top notch and your message resonate.
ha! man's a genius. I think he needs to start a Groban comedy show. Will be sharing this on our other twitter. ha.
Awesome, thank you!
Sleep tight! Your brain is a billion times more complex than your laptop. And laptops break all the time.
i didnt get to talk to or last night. im so sad :(
My stack of mail from Ohio State is ridiculous. Shit's not a game!
Susan is cooking dinner and I'm in the den, my chores of weeding, mowing, and walking the dog are done :-)
BOOM. roasted.
This time Gretchen tweeted sumptuous and aromatic
Man I Would Pour Water On A Robot If He Was Sucking Gas Out Of My Car
#FF - thanks all for a great year!
Hanging at mad planet for the heavy hands Benefit. 3 bands. 2 comedians. 2 artists. 1 fashion show. 1 dj. Free booze from gld.
About to go defend this mutiny...
I wish I had more songs to listen to on my iPod! Cannot wait for new music!
Did you guys see the new photos I posted to my page- Check them out and leave feedback :-)
Like what ?
hook of broken vegan shame...why yes! how'd you know? "Chicken's not vegan?"
you're right!
are you gonna be outside the radio station or something?
If you care about what other people think, you will always be their prisoner.
Both Danger is Paradise and The Last Day On Earth were beautiful, good work.
Holy long line batman! Just passed cafe du monde and the line was about a block long.
Some more great new followers :)
we are mostly excellent. Frank's a bit under the weather, but the #tribe just tied it up. And I have good wine tonight. :)
lol shut up!
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
I'm not really into real muscular guys...but WHOA HAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I can't wait to see you today 😁
« 200 Followers in 2 days for my company Thanks!» I GOT U Radius
(CONT) Bob Barker spaying & neutering hookers, TSA at the door molesting people for safety, a random chess game, sea monkeys #stefon #snl"
Back at you. Enjoy the day.
i wonder if ever gets nervous before he gets up on stage
LACK OF HUM
Let's go Cincinnati!!! #WVU loves ya!!!
I wanna go play in the rain ☔☔
Back/bicep morning, acupuncture, work, & cardio! Figure out how to eat 6 times & drink 2 gallons of H20 too...here we go!! :D
My Quote. " Be Yourself No Matter Dont Let Any Demon Turn Any Other Way Without A Flaw Thats Not Who you are"
Me and my nigga writing to niggas in paris
I'm rlly wondering how #comcast is still in business considering they haven't done a single thing right in setting up a few phones/internet
yes we crunch do we can #Brunch! Lol
!!": Fun with obscure collective nouns: A group of whales - a gam. A group of moles - a labor. A group of ferrets, a business."
BROOKYLN... & it's safe to say we outta here.
wishes a happy and safe holiday weekend to everyone. Travel and return home safely. Family time; Me time.
Ha, weird! Is your gf ? We should have a party at or something, apparently!
Very true.
damn, retweetin' so much of your shit lately bro.
Not printing money to address the likely double-dip we are now facing would be closer to "treason". F--k Texas.
either way, artest isn't too different from ebanks
Great production meeting with & !
that nap i just woke up from>>>>>>>
Did she just ask me if I'm stalking her? 😂
but you have such a good assistant!
Let's all help ! She needs more followers! C'mon, Everybody!
Seemingly, you're never more desirable than when you're happily in a relationship with someone.
RT : It would be awesome if we didn't have to be so curious about whether the President of the United States believes in fairness
Belmont and Whiskey tonight. Nothing like a night on the town at milwaukee's hotspots! Let's do it
Mequon/Thiensville big hail heading your way. Hitting west part of Mequon right now.
Shit Asian people say. What are eyes? - Rachel Connelly
at Belle Isle for the AIA picnic!
cheer up ;)
wut? edward kissed jacob?! uh... so much for team jacob nd team edward. jake is so smexii. lol. but g'nite for good
Two wine dinners in one week! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed both, we will let our #Bacchusmke team know!
TY 4 the debate summary! Curious abt ur thoughts on #mobile #accounting tools serving
"Change your thoughts & you change your world." ~ Norman Vincent Peale
thanks so much Melissa! And thanks for the link. We hadn't realized it was archived.
Everybody come out to Archer at 7 Support in the Mahogany Auditions...
Is getting his Think Tank Photo camera bag today. I can't wait to get home.
Have you used Delta's Sky Club? Tell me about your experience there: .
Met 2 great ppl today on the plane to SFO. We were all checkin out the #dl10 app. Devlearn for iPhone...bringing ppl together since 2pm!
Thanks! Yeah, we see a lot of Ontario tags en route to Florida. Hope it was a fun trip!
Noticed that almost everything at #interop was labeled 'next gen'. If everything is 'next gen', isn't it all 'current gen'?
....if I could just figure out how to take a 6 month vacation (& than do it twice a year); I'd be good*
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "please don't let me trip
Some problem doesn`t need solution , sometimes it just needs time..
T You ? and You ? RT&Follow follow me
okay it doesn't matter? Girls will be girls don't you try to be one
Great meeting today with one of our speakers , so excited with the knowledge he will be sharing with us at the conference!
Capitol police announce that Capitol will close at 6 p.m. Crowd roars back. "Our house."
Not against Right to Bear Arms. Did Founding Fathers put loaded hand #guns on their coffee tables? #Texas says OK if no kids in house.???
My internet connection is trying to kill me.
I hate that oomf's mom hates me for no reason!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing tweets.
There been alot of transactions this offseason in baseball
oh dear, what did you do?! & have you tried frozen peas? or is that's what's under the wrapping?
I have a feeling we may actually work this time <3
Tech integration is key to success of students especially those with special needs. Why don't we have tech standard?
have you ever eaten a candy called Violet Mints? they taste like perfume, but I love them.
RT Not losing the faith, hope and praise! My God continues to reign.
Spring break road trip to SoCal
The security so boring
there is another Carnivore restaurant in Nairobi. About to eat ostrich spring rolls at Lucky Bean in Joburg
You know it's time to stop spending so much time at the gym when people start asking if you work there... #gymrat Granted, I ❤
Breaking news, a train operator just self-repaired to the CORRECT pronunciation of Gallaudet.
RT #womencantresist a man who knows how to dance ;)
Thanks for the add to the #EBWW 2012 attendees. You rock!
This slow push he's making on my heart... that could really take him very far. Surprise phone calls always leave me smiling, considering.
Sometimes 10 mins alone in a coffee shop can feel like spring break, an endless beach, or wild curry. There: I tweeted. World, get excited.
Lol I'm better no I put a guy in his place and he's older then me hahahahaha dumb ass
24hrs till the big show!! Come down to Eastside Green Mrkt tmrw on north ave,in front of beans & barley 10-2p to get yourself a sweetcake!!
Ok. Gotta go get my nails done. Can't be going home to Atlanta with no raggedy hands.
If you call my phone and I don't answer do yourself a favor and don't leave a message, I'm not going to listen to it
All those nights of procrastination. Make one night of
Stephen hill, Courtney upshaw, Peter konz
I forgot to tell you guys yesterday but I got my headshots!!!
its just your innate teaching abilities
New Orleans-March 16-18 need females for Power Shoot. You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Today I spent over half my day in band and APC.
Turkey drumsticks on the grill. Homemade potato salad in the fridge. Cold beer. 90 degrees. ah summertime. . .
Hahahaha, chocolate judy? That's interesting..
Glad to help. That’s my current understanding of it at the 50K foot level.
I cnt sorry
Thanks a lot!
Saw last night while I was driving ... It was pretty sick
Please wake me.
does that mean that I can't be right all the time?
english class = biggest joke
Coffee. >:p
BRO my bad- too drunk yesterday. Wasn't hitting my tweet game hard.
Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Malaria kills 1 million people each year. 85% of them are children under 5 years old.
Happy April fools day! Only 14 more days till my birthday :)
Awesome night promoting #VolcanoGirl at the #DGA! Hopefully we have some new fans!! (The DVDs went fast!!)
Rodriguez also says Newton is the only division in Central Bureau to see a reduction in crime in 2012 compared to 2011 (so far): 6.9%.
Walk out of smoothie king, have the smoothie explode all over my arm when I try to put the lid on. Why?!
IMO... you will be the STEAL of the Draft
Hey guys tweet and tell her happy birthday ! Do it !!! Oh and let's see if we can get happybirthdaycadygroves a TT
You just made my night! But look who's talking Mr. Trifecta...
Ain't it interesting? There are ZERO concerned citizens voicing their disapproval of our account! We're talking Ziltch!
I keep it kid free! Because that's my last name
Ha; yeah it's a neat place now!
Thx for including us!
Guess who won an iPod Shuffle from Lightning Web Design and NM Sweeps? ~ Desiree Lucero ~ Check your email!
Reckless driving is defined as speeding, improper lane changing, and improper passing. Many other more helpful facts at:...
Happy Monday!
Thanks for coming to Wine & Roses June 10 at We look forward to your fabulous French food!
RT : I'm taking this space to say happy bday 2.0. The world is a better place with you jc. // me too ... Point-oh!
yea, me too.. ugh
I am....why do you ask?
Congratulations to on being recognized as the Railway Age 2012 Regional Railroad of the Year.
click like if you are on spring break like we are! WooHoooo!
Good morning! Waking up to in the wine light, Kurt Ellings. It'll be a good day.
That mouse winked at me!!
What's up NYC!
Vogue Turkey April 2012 : Lara Stone ..♥.
Almost there... Just need bags, car, dog and then home.
Anybody know who's taking submissions for
thats cutting it close for an international
Calling it quits after 11 hours! WOOT! Go team!
it's not my fault no one else understood the context of the question and could answer it correctly
I cried a bit :,( but now I'm going to watch wear house 13
Soundtracks for the Blind - Swans
Going shopping today for my new wardrobe for Greece. Thanks members for buying me clothes and a trip to Greece.
Well, let's see what Fugazi has to say about this...*Guy Picciotto screaming indecipherable words* ...the reports will be filed soon, Sir.
#ItsHardTo not talk about you; chances are you're perfect bc i don't talk shit.
back boys
I should've had my OJ this morning 😔 .
funny thing is we are considering it. you're on point!
happy bay🍰
THANK YOU
one dream at a time ha. I'm dealing with one life changing decision already. all I need is more pressure =/
#ifihadasuperpower I'd smite people like Jesus & other powerful men of his time. Then unleash my rage on KFC for making Americans fat& nast
My grammar goes out the window with hunger
maybe just a quick vacay
wish she would to smh
so glad to hear it
Just saw a #Grantland TV ad...looks like Simmons made the big time
Woke up crying again
is counting down right now your #HotFacebook5At8 w/ #OrderUp for up for grabs! Keep Track! :)
Houston: prepare yourself, I'm about to be inside of you for the rest of the year.
watching Eve Ensler's TED Talk on #Netflix, "Embrace your inner girl"
Attending interesting asthma and micro biome abstract discussion.
This is going to be S.A. FINEST Year to come with so much good music and artist comeing out.. for hip hop and house. ..l
Hey guys! Follow back please :)
Being super productive this morning - was out of the house by 6:30 and almost have all my errands done. Getting ready for Atlanta!
nah its just the my financial advisor told me that condoms are a lot less expensive than child support. Lmao
I love it.
Someone scheduled a meeting for tomorrow morning. I'm going to have to "fix" that person. #fridaycoffeeclub comes first.
Bitches with stitches!!
an elephant never forgets. There's a good possibility I'll be drinking my way through Burlington sometime in the next six months.
Nope I actually got it!
take my hoodie tomorrow! (:
I'm ready to get out of here to enjoy my weekend.
With 169th pick (fifth round) #Ravens take Asa Jackson, CB from Cal Poly.
Thank you for downloading my music! HAVE A GREAT DAY! Luv & Kisses
Good morning. Praying u have a very blessed wkend ahead! :)
If you think walking up to a signed in Facebook is hacking, you aren't a hacker, or a
I've pointed out to such folks that the image we've seen most often of George Zimmerman is a mug shot.
i won't go a day without doing something creative....we should aspire to leave the world better than we found it.....
#TheWorstFeeling; when a guy thinks everything is okay, but inside you're really dying
haha your weird... I'm not paying attention to it
“: Our specials tonight at Penthouse. Bottles of Absolute $125 & top shelf lemon drop shots $4!”
Whitman's Leaves of Bran: guaranteed to filter and fibre you blood.
On average, you'll
Flirtationship - More than a friendship less than a relationship
Who is headed down to Turner Field for the Atlanta Hunger Walk???
. - Thank you for bringing to our attention. Beautiful site and much needed service. We'll be in touch!
Happy FUCK I'M IRISH! Day! :) Gonna take my ass to the #Columbus St. Patrick's Day Parade.
Everyone dies but not everyone lives.
Ha. Me 2. RT : You bet I am! Speaking of clicking, I just wanna put on my ruby slippers, click them, and go home.
I wanna wish a big happy 18th birthday to the funniest white kid around, ! (; Happy birthday, Joey! I hope your day is great!
Sounds like Crazy Linda would be a great reality show!
Win $1000 in FREE Promotional Marketing Items! Enter monthly at www.brandoutsolutions.com. Click MONEY BAG on Home page to enter! Good luck!
Hey what up? I am a Hip Hop DJ/Turntablist but I love to spin and listen to Neo Soul Music.
I hate when websites have a blank "Contact Us" page. That's a quick way to get on my sucks-a-lot list.
People yell at me for talking to myself, but I just have such intelligent conversations with myself.
I can see her replying with NOT YOU. LOLOL. Because I would.
Claire said: is there any money? Pam heard: what? Eddie Money is playing?
what the hell just happened to twitter mobile??? it looks all...fancy
haha he never lets me sleep under his pj's unless he's drunk!
- as you should, you live and work there. See you in the 21st. Peace and Chicken Grease.
There have been a lot of rumors. And there's no question that Gilas WANTS him.
haha okay!!! And josh can take us home!!
Pastor Marvin Winans is tellin it LIKE IT IS
it's almost an insult to actual geeks and nerds who enjoy the kinds of stuff the show parody's.
Oh, that's a good idea. Or if the plastic cup and foil seal were biodegradable!
Thanks, Adam!
definately done caring about everything
going to the home opener pacers game tonight.
You better be getting the pounder!
please explain. Saw tweets and have switched to #fox but don't understand what happened.
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
Blisters can go to hell.
RAWRR :-D i miss your face Jimmy!
4 hour naps can fix almost anything...
believe me for mine honour, and have respect to mine honor, that you may believe:
Try a $5 footlong and make lunch out of it 2 days in a row! Bring your baked chips from home!
already getting money for graduation
WHY CAN'T I HAVE NICE THINGS? (Oh yeah cause I fuck them immediately)
Bud Selig should be sent to Japan for 'baseball reasons'.
He doesn't need this shit. RT Nick Diaz is an idiot.
sounds good! U wanna meet in the game room then?
Hope to be there! RT : Will i see you there?
i already am </3
we hope you're having a wonderful time! Happy Birthday!
okay okay thank you. i will stay crying in my upright position
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
as far as I know this is only true in academic libs, also it's important to note that total circ can go up and circ per user down
Loving too!! Impossible to pick a favorite.....
attempting to clean...unsuccessfully.
What's one thing you will do/take away? What commitment will you make for change?
You and your memories are an amazing part of what makes #Monicals a part of our communities and we are honored!
Stomach bug anyone? Serie has it. Where did it come from?
nick can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
cool story bro.
Mistakes are inevitable.Difference is what you do when mistakes are made -paraphrased Carol Dweck #NAISAC12 ME: do we let mistakes happen?
Curb your enthusiasm and entourage..HBO better be in the dorm
hipmunk.com, (started by Reddit cofounder) RT : What are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel?
Where the hell did the time go?!
You're welcome, will do:)
The bullying South Park episode completely wrecks the dude who released that documentary in theaters.
Haha just saw this. Who's the hunk?
#BeforeIGetMarried You must have success at keeping a job and a place for more than 6 months...
Now accepting #silentauction items for the our People To Know benefit on 4/21/2011!! Contact us if you can help.
Goodnight lovely followers :) :* <3
I've never lied to you, you've just been asking the wrong questions.
Last day of class and her ass still teachin
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
what was the most mischievous thing you did as a child?
Watching the news...bored outta my mind ugh!
You usually can't get pissed at pansy assed wimps, but when they enable other pansy asses, it's easy to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention.
Good look RT : Support local producers like
Another day off today ! Rehearsal tonight !
If Zach just came up and started grinding on me id be like "Woo shake dat bootttaaay Porter! Owwww!"
I was a biomed student all throughout middle school. :)
No amount of coaching can help if your not truly willing to deal with those beliefs that no longer serve you- my 5 Step program is unique.
Is 4 times around at Memorial Park equal to a mile?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
it was good. 100 degrees everyday... SEASON 2 is on! Congrats
Hi you!
Love the delight of your footer And, yes, I did watch the entire "Cowbell" video. Forever hilarious.
Cheers to for finally adding the "Show the comment" feature for comments in reply to other comments!
Just like Guinevere
I met him when he came to Boston in GlenGarry GlenRoss. My husband and I had a 1/2 hr. conversation with him afterwards. Sublime!
legitimately having the weirdest dreams ever lately
It's a mother/son thing :-)
This bus is a few degrees warmer than hell. Someone crack a window.
Time you enjoy wasting is not time wasted.
I fucked up badly on this test
yeah L.A. called again today. Really pressing for a commitment. Makes my Mom crazy! She wants it for us too. All good!
Funny, after listening to Chris Hedges, it was followed by & I wondered what a debate between them two would be like.
If you want someone to look over the proposal, I'd be happy to do so!
Thanks for the tweet! And thanks for the letter. :)
Our kid watching nature show in next room -- "Oh no! We're all going to die!" I don't think us laughing made her feel better about it.
will be exhibiting at DoD Enterprise Architecture Visit us to see best-in-class cross-domain security solutions.
how's life chide Amphibian
I see lol
LOL that's
And by baby i mean my car.
thrilled you stopped by! it really is beautiful out today
Happy St. Patrick's Week. Keep it classy, NY!
HUNGRY AS SHIT
Über-smüg. In fact you can just call me ÜBernhard from now on.
Staying focused.. I'm starting to see things a little more clear now, this is definitely what I love doing with my life
What to do for dessert? All my snacks are too nutritious, and candy bowl is empty.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thanks for the #FF. Enjoy your weekend!
Don't get all the snow talk. It's 80 today and I'm in shorts.
ya gotta get with .....q
RT : Madonna doesn't look half bad for a 77-year old.
NP: Ben Webster Meets Oscar Peterson. Actually been playing this one all week.
I'm falling for your eyes but they don't know me yet.
I love you women! Xoxoxo
DM You know what it means to be an underdog. If you are up for a challenge, we are taking on Apple education but affordable.
lol you would go nuts you couldnt handle it hahah kiddin but no you have a baby when you love someone and are ready ya ass
Finishing up a job today in south #Austin. We're really rolling along now!
lmao! Favorite tweet of the day!
Sadly...people feel they can pick on others. Because it ask boils down to the old 'us' vs. 'them' mentality.
School -.- One Test & a Quiz
Whoa ! Forgot about those. VINTAGE. XO
full of dangerous wonders
u ever reply to ur fans
wow my last RT is a must read for everyone
A letter to Ari? Omg. :) Can you include me in it please? :D <3
"Each one of us has the power to make others feel better or worse. Making others feel better is much more fun than making others feel worse.
they all amped up
Tweet Me Please ?
And now the journo-fun begins... MT : MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin elections board orders recall election against GOP Gov. Walker
He is probably interviewing at either Arizona State or UCLA
I saw #EddieTheSleepingWalkingCannabal yesterday.
Thank you to the 2159 law students who applied to our Summer Corps program! The application is now closed, but we’ll be back next year!
I did not know that. Yet another notch on his awesomeness belt.
Natural Gas ETN Premium Tops 100%
Had a good but short show tonight due to pending rain. Fun crowd! Headed to Oklahoma.
At first, #Judas was OKAY. Now, I can't stop listening to it... Way to go #Gaga. You did it again.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone Just hang up on a bitch. Fuck it.
what movie are you planning on watching?
Anyone interested in meeting me to listed to some barbershop music at 7? Central United Methodist Church, University and Central
Its a Wonderful Life is just the best.
I've had #SportsCenter on mute since 3:30 a.m. ... and each time I look up, they're airing the "Not Top 10"
Don't forget to call Farmers Insurance today and save money on your Car or Homeowners Insurance now! Call (619) 733-5322!
Life is what it is take life by the balls and always be strong no matter what..dont let life get you down....
Nothing brings inner sunshine like our Farmer's Market Lunguini w/ asparagus pesto! Will away the clouds w/ a meal that’ll make you smile!
I gotta let it be it ain't qoin no where...
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 20
Aww hunny lease dont tell me you need it! (;
Isn't that crazy????
#HappyValentinesDay to everyone. #AppreciateEveryday not just today. #LoveIsNotOcassional enjoy!!!!!
We've run some giveaways to help spread the word. We'll be having some again soon. In the meantime, they're on sale! :)
Feels so good to be home with myy girlss !
Ran into today. Cool guy. Miss his old resto in Lyn/Lake.
thanks for the RT Amanda. Hope all is well with you & the family. Planning a trip to London in autumn & hope to see you.
Going live again shortly with from with the latest on the suspicious bag found by authorities.
FB and all those brands that market on FB, I don't even check their page even though I did press the like button, but thats
State of the CE industry presentation is at full capacity, more press and analysts than last year
Thank GOD it's Friday!
That's what i like to see!!
Miss you too!, saw old cheer pics yesterday that made me giggle:) Sorry about the hosp,I hope he can come home soon & get better!
some one retweeted you and i was all, her name is cool.
Thank you to everyone who came out to today! You rule!!!
RT I wish you were in town for my B-Day Friday! We all miss you!! #Family ----> Me too Corine. I miss you guys.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship.
I follow you now! Haha
Capeesh! Sauce is overpriced!
NEW EP'S coming out THIS WEEK look out for.. 5/11: "Thrones" 5/12: "'Purgatory'
late bible study for me lol
You're such a health nut! haha
Yay, I was chosen as a book giver! I'm thrilled to share the power of the imagination to change the world!
lol... just wait!
RT Codpiece Intelligence Agency.
Did this nigga just say Black Widow was better than Captain America -_-
Why do some people in NURSING HOMES get a FREE RIDE while YOU are SPENDING your ENTIRE NEST EGG on nusing home care? www.MedicaidProtect.com
iTunes previews of #KarminHello songs on replay in preparation for next week! #CantWait :) PS - Happy B-Day Amy!!!
Ok that wasn't funny
They really make the free version of Spotify cool enough to use, but the ads and recommended songs just annoying enough so that you upgrade
ah... That's true too
Would you want to help Mateo and a I get 2 co titles in MW3?? we would help you get them in return. We need one more person. Plz
Hi, Total Solutions Alliance LLC is inviting you to join Facebook. Once you join, you'll be able to connect with the Total Solutions A
Follow now !!!
#PHXcoyotes why do u promortionally white out when the blackhawks are white?
Getting leading marketing execs together for a #uwebc roundtable. Great event for leaders in the area.
RT The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. ~ Arthur C. Clarke
I just say...some people's kids. Don't want them in my clinic if I can help it! So sorry for you!
Bermudez with a stolen base and moves to 2rd on a catchers throwing error.
I know, I know. Can I at least get ANY credit for watching it at all?!??!
loving what i do and cranking up the office speakers ;)
u open it on you're computer and u would just read it as if your reading on a computer !
Gingrich says that Freddie Mac is like any other business? COME ON.
Awww that is ok there are 9 different meetings we are holding in the neighborhood, I will be tweeting them periodically!
Tonight: Rabbit with la ratte fingerling potatoes, tatsoi and thyme.
In moments of conscripted/mandatory joy, is it not the job of the joker to be dour? Maybe? A playful & loving "Bah humbug!" to you all...
together thing kind of ruins it.
Cars are faster than bikes
“: #Aquarians find out everything! You can't hide anything from them or lie to them”
haha damn! Check out that new track me and just put up. You'll like it
I don't know what that means, but I'm thinking "thanks" is a good response? Maybe?
With #Schoology you have control where/how content is viewed. #Schoology vs.
im getting into trouble and dancing with the devil
yes I do! ^-^ I actually did one today, and currently doing redoing my angelbites.
REALIZE, I DO NOT LIKE YOU.
baseballs 4 run rally in the 5th is unbelievable!!!! LETS GO PARK!
hi! yes she does :D
These sneaky-ass bastards...I just love how the facts just slowly drip and ooze out about George Zimmerman. He pleads not guilty? F*ck that!
I need your help. We need to do "gold outs" during the playoffs. Fans and players wear gold every game.
do you know that really skinny senior girl? I think she's ginger, but her boyfriend's car! They always park on linum.
thanks ! cant wait to see my kelly banana
If I sold wedding cakes, I'd be all over it. We have a marketing platform for auto dealers. But I'll get there :) cc:
My teacher fought another teacher
ur welcome... what kinda job is it?
Photographed a wonderful first wedding of the year yesterday!
Ladies in bikinis and beers in the fridge at #BlueRock. Is today a #studio rental or frat party? Maybe both!
I keep retweeting like everything (cause I have nothing clever to say myself.) XD.
She from Dallas ....she eat Rudys she go to big t on Sundays she a cutie.....Ayee
:-"( Smhh whatever man.!
try the satirical blog of . Funny stuff about edtech.
Ugh. Shudder.
nothin coolin what you been doin i aint seen you in so long
Individuals stay zoning me out.
why do u say that?
I think I'm missin shorty I was talkin wit
check your Facebook boss
Finally at Midway with my driver's licence.
I guess if I can handle SoA, I can handle this. The previews made me flinch, but SoA does sometimes too lol
A lot more than I like being your gov! RT is following me!! was just wondering: how much do you love Bojangles, Gov?
Just got called "Renaissance women" - cuz today our projects go from car auctions to Disney backyards.
When is it?!
Trivia Question (without looking this time): Kelsey Grammer is the voice of what recurring character on The Simpsons?
Wow you need to learn how to spell out your words you stupid chode(🍆😏)
:-) I really like those new ones
you reached 90!!!
you are the perfect melody but now my harmony is feeling out of key<3
were you at that Kent party they've been talking about? Haha
Someone on Facebook just proved a good point to me. The Giants sent home the Braves & my boy Bobby Cox. GO RANGERS! Haha - Wes
The favorite movies is The Notebook, lol.
At the cherryblossom with my wife and son
I possess a working knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley SOX. If you are looking for a proven, professional CFO:
Thanks guys -- Dylan covered it for the day but I will definitely keep you two in mind for any future stories!
Omg guys Hannah is talking about why Liam is scared of spoons and she said you should e scared of your fingers. They can slip into your eyes
Will I see any tweeps there? RT: Still time to sign up for the Edelman Happy Hour! - Only 10 spots left. Come sign up at registration.
they have sensors....
Happy st pattys day tweeps! Have one on me :-)
trev and I are excited, too. Thank you!
Glad you enjoy listening to it. Keep spreading the word.
shut up dummy I'm out wit my aunt lol we already planned on bowlin
Still folding his PJ's RT : Darryl Sutter a no-show for media session...Kings PR folks can't find him...be on the lookout!
LMAO. Something like that. What a disappointing performance by Maia. RT : Were they drunk?! :D
RT : tweegrams make you sound crazy. just puttin that out there. bunch of y'all out here tellin on yourselves.
right...just something about the show.. I am not diggin' it..
hey, just sent you an email that you'll surely want to read!
lol girl your too funny
I don't like you .
::flutter flutter:: ha!
haha trust me, he's aware I tell him all the time. How are baby plans coming I'm so excited for you!
Tarballing my morning away.
the second TD Bank comes to Nevada, it's a wrap for Wells, Citi, BofA and Chase!
Even when I'm old and gray, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game. Michael Jordan
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer48
smoking rolling riffer up
Thank you for the #FF shout out!! Have a great weekend! :)
First day of Spring! Are you riding your bikes?
Rang in the New Year at 10:30 with my little man, did some sparklers and laughed. Now off to bed. Have a good night and be safe, everyone!
In 1902 NYC Parks Commission turns over the Aquarium to the feldgling NY Zoological Society which is now the Wildlife Conservation...
nothing. i actually got u a bday gift even tho i wasnt able to make it
why didn't the skeleton see the scary movie? he didn't have the guts!
The smile on my face doesn’t mean my life is perfect. It means I appreciate what I have and what God give me.
Elway bad liar bad investor no vision & bad at getting value on trades/players
Happy Friday the 13th! Don't go camping near any infamous lakes. And avoid anyone wearing a hockey mask or carrying a machete.
Used to smoke and work on a help desk. It was like every hour on the hour. So.. eight. Ten on a bad day.
Good morning!!!! Hope everyone is doing well :]
let us know when our stickers arrive in FL! =)
And... waiting. Some more..
Watching Bridesmaids, catching up on all the Oscar movies
I am that ignorant person that took my shoes off in class lol
Florida misses you! Palm trees, beaches, the sun... ☀
Just got cut off by Kenny Rogers.
I Feel Like Im About To Be Single :/
I was going to wait until it had a year left on its life... like i did with MySpace.
Something about Wilbon's chafing my ass tonight. It's like he thinks his sources are better than those of fellow d'bags...;)
well, you won't see Democrats complaining. Palin vs Clinton 2016?
It's never crowded along the extra mile. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
work hard love the pony xx
"Don't give up. Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door."-
Good question...a parallelogram?
Kid playing in my office just put my Nancy Pearl action figure riding a plastic horse. They are mesmerized by these McDonalds toys...
What's the Twitter horse curse?
We have an avid player here too. RT : World kickball championships this weekend!
Photo shoot lined up, New Website Updates, and More "SNO" shirts... www.SnoClothing.com - "SNO" A.K.A. - Stylish. Neckware. Obsessions.
Take care of yourself!
So glad I made it to work on time today 😁
LOL - I am sure!! RT : There's more than a few Mullen folks who can probably relate. Thanks for the RT!
Old advice taht's good to hear again - Make sure what you're saying on your resume matches the job description!
whats up friend?
I've learned quite a bit growing up..when you have the option to do right, then do right. Life passes you by quicker than you think.
No! Where's it located?
Indeed. I'll admit to looking forward to the #printForum happy hour(s) in addition to the actual conference itself!
Are you moving to Miami Austin???
“: It's insensitive of Brad Pitt to have "The Rachel" haircut.” LOL!!!
Tried to wish my sister belated happy mothers day and leave her with happy thoughts. Halfway succeeded in first goal, not so much second.
Love the new first ladies exhibit!
"A good library is a palace, a palace where the lofty spirits of all nations and generations meet." — Samuel Niger
I wanna live in California.
. it doesn't change anything short-term, and won't last long-term.
good point
What can't wine fix? Nothing here.
Thank u for magnificent time aboard under-construction new 787 Dreamliner....amazing!!!! ;)
God 4give me 4 I have sinned
nah he a bitch though
I would retweet so many more people if people didn't swear so much!
Going 2 c my cows now xD EEEEP! I can't wait!!!
Do you guys have any interview videos with people in your web design program?
RT : You guys hear that new single by Chief Queefe? // ?????
Watching Cupcake Wars too?
What a great workout this morning! Burpees... woo hoooo! :)
Adore the new designs by at #HPMkt. So fabulous. Even style spotted by the fabulous Woohoo!
i hate that too
Look at all the breccia volcanic rock.
Can I just go back like one week and do it all again okay thanks.
haha that picture's not as bad as I thought it would be!! Lol
Watching for Next invites like a shark but still failing to catch them in time. These preview videos are too much of a tease.
Taye Diggs looks lost in th Subway. I can esort you bra, I take you to your destnation and you...call your um agent for me! Its ah win.
Nope, just tryna create an illusion of responsibility.
ew no diet. Might as well go all out
Going to the beach even though its prob gonna be cold yayayay
have fun!♥ spoil her !!(; xx
#ff for Happy Friday the 13th
Had Maury Povich been in Star Wars, we would have known who the father was a lot sooner
No need to set alarm and up before 6... Sweet
RT : a truly exceptional #foodie full of #gourmet #tips, #recipe RAVES, and #goodfood know-how >>
Stores selling pants in a "tall" and only offering the jacket in a "regular" is just wrong.....lol
I love reading Facebook drama hahaha.
Are you gonna have the backup divas to sing with you on AI performance of NCOE? Want!
what we got new?
Ditto! RT : Love being part of your community, - great blog!
that looks unbelievable
Just voted for Kathy Griffin for favorite Reality star for the Peoples Choice Awards!
I always get lots of brilliant ideas while meandering the aisles of
wow Art Mann is still a thing?
We really want to help
im so tired
"A Week with Marylin" favorite quote When one is young, one should use a lot of mascara. When one is old, they should use much more.
Doggy want that kitty ;)
#textingdisaster when you just get done typing a 4 page text with everything meaningful and somehow your phone manages to delete it all..
Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road - Arizona Daily Star Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road Arizona Daily Star Tucson
You A Fine MuuhFucker Won't You Back That Ass Up .
Had a very, very fun time
: Cause I'd go , I'd go all around the world and fuck different girls cause it doesn't really matter to me
my nephew is doing great thanks for asking :)
because he is made out of iron of course :P haha M i don't why? I guess I like his iron suit...2nd favorite, Captain America:)
I'm so last minute...ugh!
Real-person curation is better than automated, algorithm-based content recommendations. RT
today, I get to stand where you stood and perform on the BPC stage! So excited! =]
Going out to eat with the bestfriend! :D
Bitch look down, tell me wussup
If you don't take care of yourself, how will you take care of your business, your family, your life?
The best creative brief a designer can get --- "Make it sweet."
goal number 23, go to yoga with me at least four or five times. :-)
Fantasy Baseball Player Prospecting: Patrick Corbin, Tyler Moore, Welington ... - KFFL
I'm gonna tell everybody this it's going to be a tough series
i didn't mean to do that, my bad cuzzo
and how many child suicide bombers have they caught? TSA + perverts
mine is over 50 because apparently niceness doesn't matter if you use foursquare.
450+ submissions for Crimson's "Megahertz" music vid. Time to make calls to choose ppl. 60ppl will be chosen for the video. I love this part
Omg he called me at 453 in the morning.........that he's eating at a diner and wantsme 2 come...and he knows were I live...and said he would
so true! We love #moab as it such a fun town and so close to Arches and Canyonlands! Was at #zion today too..great day out!
I hear that in my family, too.
What do you like about #window 7: we work slow to create more job! #Mac: we work faster to eliminate job from those window user!
I should be studying, but not until tweets me back. (:
Just had one of the best egg sandwiches at Rocco's on Vermont. - it's got your name written all over it!
Is PRETTY sure that the dude, with his pants halfway down his bum, screaming down the street, "I am where it's AT baby!" - - might be wrong.
hey! I see this! I'm in for movies! Include me!
Long day..Need some rest
what your email? Dm it to me.
I think this is a good trend, its too bad chose bashing advisors as a way to build their bus
yeah yeah yeah
I'm getting one!!!
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
Next thing on my bucket list run a 5k.... Who's with me ?
You said Detroit hasn't won anything in the 4 major sports. They won 8 championships in the last 4 decades. So has Chicago.
3rd day of #SportsExposLV! What has been your favorite part so far?
I'm ready to go!
mine is cleaning out my garage for spring clean up on monday(:
