Another book finished! CHU JU'S HOUSE is a good book and a great #readathon pick.
Carrie Underwood and Julianne Hough on #DWTS tonight?! It's dream! Well and mine too
Tattoos in the right places >
The Ref just had a sweet spin move to make that call
OMG, it's prom night. YES!!
Crashing into the car in front of you as you window shop the Car lots
Your friends at www.earth-saver.com wish you a great eco-friendly week!
We did not see it. What is unrealistic about it?
I hate hair rollers.
Jazz Tuesdays at Stober's
awsome!!! Have fun.
i will try to LOL
They also have Fresca. It's a game-changer RT : COOKIES! This changes everything RT Delta has cookies
: I'm staying at a friend's house but am allergic to her cats and can't breathe
This o-line is horrendous
this guyright here -----------> is my best friend and i dont regret meeting him :) Ily chewie like my big brother i;)
I may be from Louisville, but my heart belongs to the #Hoyas now! Final: GU 71, Cards 68. Stunning upset!
Chad, have I offended you? If so, I apologize. You have never answered one of my tweets. I have been tweeting you for 3 years.
So...the next question: where might I get a set?
When is your last day of school?(:
Bought four bottles of co-op hot sauce over lunch. That's a totally normal thing to do.
Its Still Ugly Outside..
#SDSummit 'we are living in a fine print economy' and we likely don't know
Went to Hollywood already & saw stars on sidewalk. A group hostel would be about $25. Greyhound is $2 & transit in LA is $10.
MORNING TO ALL MY SEXY FOLLOWERS!
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 13
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-69
Take me with you sometime??(:
You're welcome. It's a pleasure. I'm always excited to meet and connect with talent. :)
Monkey's been snapped with & from #supernatural. I write. The Monkey parties. Huh.
can't believe there is only one more week to Christmas! wait . . . what? . . . tomorrow? . . . tomorrow!? . . . you MUST be kidding!?!
& Liz Trotta at it again. Ignorance with a shock jock mentality. If only they could get hannity's fat ass to find that video tape
Approximately 98% of legal actions settle before trial. We can help you resolve your legal issues without costly court intervention.
Ketchup wins!!!!!!! And it's not that Steelers ketchup Heinz!
So you love being in a sewer? Interesting....
are you back at school?
Thanks for a great breakfast this morning with Jeff Light... gained valuable insight on 's recent changes!
Hi Amy. We're a social network startup in Austin. Building a fun site safe for kids and families. Let's chat during SXSW?
Mitt doesn't have to"go after" J Wright. But repudiate ads? Guess attack ads are only 2 be used on fellow GOPers": McCain Cunningham
I want to have a serious conversation with Luly.
Have you tried the popcorn at Clary's in Madison?
History 2.0 - thought-provoking presentation at
Gets to start running soon! Excited, yet nervous...
why haven't you two gotten married already
That should be something geeky historians say when something good happens. Free coffee n the lounge? Thank your awesome sources!
Life is but who you are.
a sandwich based on the film Barbed Wire! great idea
Santorum ranted in Oct. that birth control isn't good. Lead to ? In debate about if legalized bc is a states right & he said yes.
Then maybe you should!!! We miss you!RT I have absolutely loved being in Italy but I am SO ready to go home now...
Appreciates the updated Sherlock Holmes. Maybe they'll update their racial politics sometime.
Curbside car repair done, back to the future.
Newt is getting killed.
How's the trip back guys? We're rolling through Durham right now. /te
YAY Boom Thursday?!? ...
here's the thing: does it matter? the situation needed to be raised in the us conciousness...does it matter how he did it?
According to the feedbacks I get during and after prom I has best prom dress #sweet hehe ;)
Fitting. Next time you might consider a cafe on something like Flowery Ave. or Hugs Blvd.
Washington and jefferson meet
my new favorite charter school name has to be the "Phantom Knight School of Opportunity" in West De Pere
We could big time movie critics!
#theitcrowd #covertaffairs been catching up on it crowd episodes and covert affairs.
have you been to a store at 12 Rue Lancry selling vintage YSL, used Casadei etc called "Thanx God I'm a VIP"?
enjoy life one moment at a time
drink a cup of water...
": It's going to sound like Santa Claus is on the ice when the flyers head to the locker room at the intermission in Philly."
I see the #slut is still sitting in the front row at #brewer games.
2.5 hours and counting till game time!!! If you're not at the Merrell Center in #katy, you don't like Houston HS basketball!
Yeah, couldn't resist talking about your maps when discussing cool humanities projects using Ruby in some way!
Are you the guy from the NIck&Artie show? MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
This weather is something else.. Gotta love Wisconsin, always keeping us on our toes!!
Our Volunteer Potluck Dinner was a huge success!! Thank you to all who attended, and our celebrities, Josef Cannon and Karen Hoyos!
Yay! application sent in! I'm a bit slow on the writing part but alls-well now. cc
“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.” ~ Pablo Neruda
All I heard from GA was "blah, blah, blah". Why until 10th? Why not immediately? I don't understand the UN sometimes...or at all :/
The wordbreak analysis in my code agrees with me: Your second hashtag reads badly.
I'm still smiling! I think I'm his only fan.
Go like our boys in sheperds of god!
I want dinner for 2 this week for Restaurant Week
Chris Paul can land on me anytime.
Im still up thuggin still sippn an bout to fire up anutha one.. Ima sleep good af
call me from someone else's phone! I have to tell you something!
This would make an awesome logo! Except the colors would make it impossible to print on most things.
in honor of our #21 ranking in douchiest Chicago bars we are throwing a party $21 well, Dom drafts & bottles & our beloved tots 8-11 tonight
Tune into Top Chef at 9pm to see and show top chef and the world how to throw down.
Who would Colts like to draft with 2nd round draft pick? If he's still on board at #34, TE Coby Fleener. He was Luck's fav target @ Stanfrd.
check you DM ASAP!
Continue to reach for the stars
Glad I caught the last 3 minutes of that game.
Gym time with pool views. I love this place - be proud haha
Student: What religion are you? Why? You don't speak in religious terms. No I speak the language of science! (It's a science class.)
it is kinda sad watching espn promos for monday night ftball trying to hype up the chargers v jaguars game
Two for two on proposals at #NCSS12 I look forward to seeing you all there. Have a great weekend!
if u don't want 2 suck
we can just set the stage and then wait around for the play to sorta start itself.
Wanna share it at fEASTival 2012?? :)
4 last year's words belong 2 last year's language & nxt year's words await another voice. & 2 make an end is 2 make a beginning. T.S. Elliot
She saw the Chuck e cheese sign...damnit
Fire #Corso! He drops "F-bomb" on national TV?! Completely unacceptable. needs to hold itself to the "high" standards they demand.
I don't know what this means, but I'm going to watch and I'm excited about it!
That feeling when you scrape your nail on something. BOAAAAK.
she's only a Stablemans' daughter but all the
I just went to Taco Time because of you... You sparked a craving.
Seeing my brothers including & at #MingleMondays which is the place to be
RT Have confidence, not ego. Search for love, not lust. Be stylish, not slutty.
I hate to do this twitterverse but (spoiler) Betty Draper got fat. REALLY fat. Not in the groovy fat cat way. Like stuffed crust pizza big.
I wish i had a nooka watch for every day of the week, i get compliments on my two watches all the time!
Order by 12pm TODAY for FREE delivery tomorrow, and by 12pm TOMORROW for free delivery on Wednesday! Ask us about flavors!!
": The 54th #GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min! West Coast, beware of spoilers!" You guys should go live in LA!
Maybe I wasn't paying total attention.. but I didn't quite figure out #TheRiver. lol Going thru #WalkingDead withdrawals, though.
The only reason I knew who Lily Halpern was us because she was in Peyton Sanders video. Lily & Harry- NO
� You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. � Wayne W. Dyer
lets make plans now! In case you haven’t heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin.
have you seen PRIMER?
Zayn: Girlby? Harry: That's a name? Gibby: Yeah, it's a really popular name here in America. You wouldn't know that. RT if you remember! ;p
My Mova is the baddest Chic I know!
"All teh metadatas" talk - rdf triples - subject predicate object.
I will drop you an email. Should be fun since you are pushing the youngins and I'm pushing the oldins :).
Just got home... had an amazing day :D
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
I honestly don't believe he cheated--honestly believe Herpes Meds triggered + test
Where do you rank Rakim?
Congratulations to Neil Diamond! He got married yesterday. I hope times never seemed so good!
Tonight Area 31 has two screens, music by me...best bar bites, and 5 dollar lebron jameson shots...16th floor people come on up!
Did you see Wil Wheaton's writeup of that?
love you Bingy!!
so I don't take you to school?:0
This is not going to end well.
New Funny Movie Coming This week.. The Trailer for the New Never Before seen Footage of Michael Myers
You're meeting Dr. Fauci! How much nicer you want?
you actin street fam you told a nigga you had whatever on my head you was thinking bout RITE here I em nigga
Oh my gosh siri is so funny! Me: Take a shower. Siri: and what would I do with that? Me: stick it up your ass. Siri: dude!. Lol
Very true -- which is why the MVP vote is so subjective, worthless and not worth using to debate all-time greatness.
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Zayn walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
the event is PM but its not a certain thing since I don't know whats going with my family that day. So just RSVP just in case
Rage on, my friend. It's hard, I know. But as long as Nezumi is feeling good, you guys deserve the extra time together.
"Either you like #bacon or you're wrong." -
Healthy body = healthy spirit
Thanks for including me in your MediaTalk wiht Meaux!
I wanna call you mine, wanna hold your hand forever, and never let you forget it. Yeah, i wanna make you feel wanted<3
did u get my txt
#ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks because we just missed seeing having her Starbucks.
Welcome to the back 9 @ Augusta...
there is no way I would feel comfortable oweing somebody $.. I would make it my priority to pay back Asap
5 hours until #foofighters. Who else is going?
Great work, Keegan!
How'd you find me?
Last summer it was "Oh My" -Roscoe Dash ft Fab. I wonder what the banger this year will be...
SEE????! WT...?! #DUMBDUMMY LOL..ima start seeing how much I can get away with bc I SWEAR these nigg do the MOST!!
ChargED iPod! mwahahah
good to kno
Some people need filters on every picture...
Isn't there some kind of armrest etiquette on planes? The little brunette in 14B would like one, thanks
Awkward chestache-as-a-bra joke quota completed by a customer. Thank you ma'am!
lol *whoops* did I just blow my thug life cover?
You guys are looking alot stronger than last yr, because of all of the injuries are not there.... Too many weapons!!
It is in your sock drawer, under the erotic graphic novels. I will remind you.
LET'S GO HEAT
was just there Monday!!! Good times!
"We now return you to the medicine cabinet... ..." Oh how I loathe cold and flu season.
A full-time teen programming job became available!
Thanks to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday. Love all of you guys xoxo
I have over 800 followers & 200 friends on FB - cant see your posts/tweets - text your customers instead. text me for info: 916-420-6020
Finally 18! Getting my tattoo later today n gambling wif my jd!!:)
Boys Fighting For The Ball! Funny moment caught
GH full of sundresses, shorts, and sunglasses this afternoon! Love. This. Weather.
"and it was al yellow.." ; Story of my life today
Can we make out yet?
Obstructionists, domestic terrorists, and hobbits...all of them! ;)
You can only put your faith in God....
Ugh, I couldn't even drum up fake optimism that Hosmer could come through there. I don't have a word for what watching him makes me feel.
Rainshadow built custom poultry processing plant that allows small producers to sell retail, but only w/in OR.
”Workin all winter shining all summer I aint no beginner”
is the worst..
Ok then tell to stop
=) God morning! Are you gonna be a trendsetter or a trend follower?
new iPad looks pretty cool. curious to see the new garage band version...
lol nothing yet!
wow Naja you're so theme-y! Next you'll be rocking out to Friday by Rebecca Black ;)
About to Dj at Priceton Elem.. Leg Go
that's awesome! No intl. travel at this time, but check our website for updates :)
Amused at the battle for Ratio mayor.
I wanna talk to my Jamaican L.D.L hmph! But he's at work...need to hear him speak his Patois in my ear lol....
I guess me and Lizzy fell off
Sat next to the devil on the bus and saw cyclops jogging. It's just another Monday morning
Let's go #Dynamo !!!
Thanks again and
Perfect! Let me know what day! :)
Saturday's severe #stlwx KO'd the AOA's phone server. Pls consider email/social media to contact either office.
BILDERBERG ATTENDEE LIST: (The day Obama went missing while media locked in Jet thinking theyre going to meet him).
Thanks for the feedback. Appreciate it!
#Health #Tip: Feeling run down? You may be anemic. Have your iron levels checked and eat plenty of pumpkin seeds, spinach and beans....
Handball, swimming, running, jumping, basketball, and boxing were as much a part of me as breathing. Gene Tunney
Cheer blogs >
Whatever. I heard that guy say his fond playing memories are from Golden State and he considers himself a Warrior.
Americas got talent :)
"Because even broken wings can fly away"
Go to bed.
Playing with Windows Live Spaces. Reading www.manager-tools.com
Dam now that i think about the kicks>bulls
good lord, that is some heavy lifting!
You point is well taken, but "30 cents per year" seems wrong. Times 300 mill people = $100 million per year -- far too low.
How has Wrestlemania Weekend been treating you Percy ???
m beets!
G'morning tweeps! I'll be bombing around ATX today with new Twitter, Rapture, and Adios Mofo shirts. Gimme a shout and I'll swing on by! :-)
We are working hard on making auto delivery easier. We'd love to get more feedback from you. Please contact us at...
you don't know how long i have waited for this confirmation.
I don't remember following Denver fans during the regular season…. hm
I will have 2 look
This crowd boos at everyone.
My cat has this interesting habit of waking me up about 10 minutes before my alarm, then stealing my pillow when I move.
Being transformed into a fairy :-)
pizza and chips lol ♥
it was such a pleasure to have meet you in person and to know we all have a purpose to fulfill in life! Thank you! Take care!
Thank you! More great things to come!
Cant wait till florida !(: #6days. Leaving ALL the drama in tennessee !
RT : “It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.” - Napoleon Hill
m&m commercial by far the best one xD
I can't wait to become a cook at work
You're beautiful.
i am<3
Serving up some more chilli dogs at our open house today...if you have to work you may as well make it a party!!!
Singing "I beat the pizza up" loudly in the gym apparently still garners as much attention as the regular lyrics.
I can see it in your eyes you're angry , regret ain't got shyt on what you feeling now.
Memphis and LA are 2 teams where you often hide your eyes when the PG gives up the ball.
“: Happy birthday and God Bless u Man of God!!! God bless u Sir!!”... Thank you, Bro. I am blessed. God Bless you!
If Youu gonna come , Comee Correct
Always Great 2 see u!!! Your new project is Gi-normous but X-citing! Loved post Women in Green
Calvin Johnson wins madden cover!!!
Okay. Zach Porter and I are PERF. Can we just be together already?
You are too sweet! Do you have a logo I can use when listing you as a sponsor?
I think either team could definitely pull off the upset. I don't think either will though
omg that song was amazing. And I loved the music video he made
Ill take that lol
asks interesting question abt as a female nonprofit exec. Appreciate discussion of gender at
2 fights in a day not too shaby(:
I can't deal with this anymore.
3bottles in the bathroom at work. Overnight shift must have been interesting.
no problem... How are you?
I can understand leaving a poor tip or no tip at all if the service was poor but don't degrade someone who has a lousy job
Damn right. Thanks!
When a guy loves a girl he should treat her as a treasure not a target.
when you messaged me on facebook...thinking I was chloe...saying that I was a cutie....your watching a couple movie...
Need paint for your holiday project give us a call!!!!! (404) 997-8011
y so seerius?
Y r guys complicated and guys don't pick fights wit ur gf
Throw your cups in the air! We so fly. #middlefinger up to the sky!
“: In Fairbanks, Alaska it is illegal for elk to have sex on the streets.” I would like to see an elk get arrested. Spring break??
I'm all jealous of all these people tweeting about their relationships. -.-
down 4 it . Got ideas goin on in my head like a miami rave party
But marketing & advertising or business management or accounting I can go either way
Up to $19.7k from a $5k starting stack... Let's go...
There must be at 350 styles of pan-handling. I'm going to write a book.
I hope I pass both of my finals today
Absolutely! How are you feeling this week?
Once we muster courage to do that thing we feared we wonder why we ever feared at all. Jim Woods
I'll admit I didn't like Jordan in the beginning but now I freaking love her!
#writers #bloggers protect your content: Google allowing authorship html tags
There a still a few spaces for food vendors or growers at the East Side Green Market for this coming season - get in touch!
i could buy sushi with those 4 bucks
your welcome(:
Good morning #Lakeview! Stop in for a fried egg BLT or a Scrambled Egg Sandwich to start your morning right!
"I'm bout to ghost ride yo ass."
Stralman is an idiot. What is he doing, Staal has the angle.
I kind of wish I had a man who can cook me breakfast in the morning or have dinner ready for me when I get home....
You see, my intentions with you are clear
Is the canceling of Indonesia, the BTW Ball's "biggest tour date", going to affect overall gross a lot? I hope it doesn't.
J Roberts asks whether any part of your case is about racial profiling? US says it is not.
rt RAWPortland: HAPPY MONDAY #PDX ! what creative things are you doing to kickstart your week?
I have almost 500 000 suscribers on youtube ! THANK YOU! New video coming soon
Never been to #dishonmarket but their tweets make me want to eat there.
how's life?
Have been hacked again. Pls bear with me if you get some spam. Thanks.
Awesome! #FreeFuel5000 RT : my 8 year old daughter put them on all her school folders.
you too!
Malcolm X~ You cant separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
I am getting in shape
for sure deserves a day in Wisconsin, but you cannot say that Favre doesnt because of his last 5 or so years.
You gotta love it! Thanks for the response
My guy's an electrician. He tells me a typical lunch time topics are: women/wives, booze & drugs and bitchin' about their work :)
“: thank u Hopefully one day we can do some work together” we would love too! Let's link
That FML moment when you hop into your bed, get under the covers, then realize you forgot to turn of the light.
He lost me to some NON-FACTORS....
RT : - Don't forget the Deans - Myers & Landsman
hacked out a quick iOS proof of concept in couple o hours, 4am now, found memory leak (in asihttprequest), or maybe me not thinking straight
can't wait!
boyz 2 men just touches the soul. voices of angels AND friends with
#Watching Chris Rock: Never Scared on HBO. The stripper skit had me laughing so hard my stomach hurts.
RT killin them at right now!!!
must have been boring as hell in carpenter lol.
she's crying her heart to me, how can you let this be, i just need time to see.where i wanna be, where i wanna be-donell jones
Really respect Mark Hominick going at it 200% tonight. And here's GSP, bitching about his eye.
he's.. Unnaturally strong ._.
im sorry, i get so excited cause i love mascara so muu-u-u-u-uchhh.
Ighttt. Its a plan. I'll text you tomorrow. & we'll figure it out! (:
well to be clear I didn't put him up there!
If only we could combine The Oscars with the Puppy Bowl...
Don't know that I ever responded to this...so sorry! Definitely looking forward to checking out on my break this pm.
Feels weird being at the batting cages
I'm sending in requests(: #YEE ❤
Everyone has at least One friend on Facebook that will do anything in a photo just to get heaps of likes.
Hahaha.. well, if nothing else, that will end up on SportsCenter.
Oops. Feel asleap in History....0.o
Here's to the kids that loose their keys for a week for 'driving recklessly'.....IN THE FREAKING DRIVEWAY.
www.msnbc" unfreakinbelievable. its not because she is a democrat and i am not. it is because she was given a responsibility and she is
thanks jeremy
$AAPL will fall through $600 today
It is witha heart a gratitude that I salute all those men and women you have served and are serving the United States of America. I'd also l
Bye bye, Baltimore...
Just had dinner seared scallops and shrimp over penne
I'm afraid ur taking the 'togo' part of ur Twitter name a bit 2 srsly ": Starting to drink health wheatgrass juice...”
RT This If Yuh Like This Song " Give Me Everything Tonight"
I'm on a boat!
never give up hope!
what are those
And then "Can You Feel the Love" starts playing in IHOP...
Stupid long day today, but I made it! Now to get ready for this Hawks game performance tomorrow...
lol i feel u I seen a girl with some uggs a pink shirt and with a jacket on o she was
Yeah. Work sucks.
Hindu Hammer...Man..what a name...
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Yo, why does anyone care if Sarah Phillips is making money off Condescending Wonka?
not this. Let's just agree to disagree on this.
i feel ya bro
Should have saw this coming
LOL! RT : Yes officer, I did hit a pedestrian, but instead of dwelling on that why not focus on how many I've missed?
Pheeeewww six classes down today and I enjoyed every single minute! Teaching just one tomorrow, 7pm at Sweat Hot Yoga! See ya there!
"Shooting what?" you may ask. Shooting our web series "Cell"
The greatest trait of nobility is generosity, for generosity is the best way to keep your influence for good.
O whats goin on at school ?
One who walks in another's tracks leaves no footprints meaning they didn't make they own way
Im dressing up tomorerow (:
TY! Your guidance, as always, is most appreciated!! NH is wonderful. Reading,Crafting & cooking w/Jeremy is so much fun!
“: Again I say: Believe the best about people. Pray for their short comings. You are not the standard. We all need grace.”//Amen!!!
So bummed that judo is canceled again!
--AWESOME ... Thanks!
let's say what Gaga has done or for that matter Madonna. If we want to go back even further, to the hair bands of the 80's.
Poodie's Hilltop in Spicewood, TX this Friday @ 9:30! Then Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Sat @ 9pm & Threadgill's in Austin on Sun @ 8pm!
Conference title: Ephemerality, Mutability, & Marginality: Print Alteration and Literary Culture
Nothing to comment about my work..... Typical nobody.
I look back at my tweet... it didn't make sense at all! I meant to say because designed it, lol. :)
Hard to believe Colorado weather sometimes. Dumped in snow today, 50 degrees on Thursday!
Ah, wrong tag (silly pluralization) owners & Cat Daddy are on at 7pm tonight!
are you talking abut my feet bitches !?
Omg! The guy I love asked me out today!!! <3
Super sleepy! jus gonna knock out. night!
Can't wait! RT : Big shindig for Colts fans at Lucas Oil Stadium on the Friday night of the draft, April 27.. Save the date!!!!!
you wanna ruin my happiness, well ya know what ya cant so FUCK YOUU!(:
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Before you’re about to give someone another chance, remember what you’re getting yourself into again.
100 page paper dew next week?
So bored. texts would be nice.
thanks for promoting it for me :) feel free to give me feedback when you get the first issue!
#np Chris brown - take you down
I will let you know when I have viewed the flick. :-)
i can't wait to see all the prom pics!! ^_^
how did women make it visible in 1920s etc ? they were mobilized v. organized people IMHO :-)
thank u for the support... whats up Turkey!!!
“: I know why the caged bird sings. Suck on that liberal arts degree not-havers.”
Is #ShahsOfSunset really going to be a thing? Being insulting unintentionally is funny. Being an outright asshole is not.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Be On Top Today
stop puttn horse hair on top of dem project NAPS!!!lol
Obama attack on Supreme Court is an attack on the rule of law.
omg you HAVE to report about it! CONGRATS!
Really miss u today jeff
These are facts. I will not shy away from that.
"not twix, twigs" -- my away message if aim was still a thing
Chilly start to the morning! Not too cold to build #retaining #walls and #seat walls out in Carmel, though!
Getting a website done is as fast, easy & affordable as EVER! Tweet or email us to get the site you've been wishing for...
The Comcast saga has finally ended. Let's home it's at least another year and a half before I have to do that again.
Thanks to a snowstorm and a DOT that likes to wank it instead of fix shit, my streets are littered with potholes. Can someone help?
would love to see woods get a shot
I SO WISH I WAS THERE!
ight bet bro come thru lets get it
You mad?
no, cause I don't hate you. <3
I'm in your forums MF'er. I just left 5 free-codes for my Writing Software in the "Any Writers out there?" thread. Go try!
Husband heard him speak just about a year ago at an academic space conference(!!!).He told them he was retiring from film & tv.
5 days till #SOMEDAY I Guarantee yu that its going to smell #EPIC (; <3 2
You obviously don't want to talk to me, so I'll shorten this conversation and just stop replying.
I'm the mayor of the library, how dorky is that
Fine, fine :P
After mounting a big comeback, the Steelers loose in the first play of OT.
Awww, thanks! It was fun hanging out & talking with Antero & friends.
can't wait! hope you have a wonderful time
where do you find the prompt for the blog assignment? :)
what kind of phone do u have?
"Get up, get out, get away from these liars 'Cause they don't get your soul or your fire"
RT : If you're in Australia & need help re domestic violence, call Lifeline Australia's 24-hour helpline at 1800200526
Snow Waffles are a rare Northwestern treat. Don’t miss this opportunity.
Need something to do on a Friday night? Come to the Clerk's office and vote early! We're open until 7PM. Don't need a reason but bring ID
haha u were late over here.
We have totally transformed the word "NIGGER" to "NIGGA"....you NEVER heard no one say the ER..wether they tlk proper or not...
something short - what about like #PMAPropTup or #TUpPPMA ?
13 missed calls and 42 unread text messages. This is what happens when I forget to turn my phone volume back on after something.
You're truly the best Dept. of Transportation among all the districts under the exclusive control of Congress.
Testing my Tweetbar installation, cursing firefox 3b5.
#Makesmelaugh when I look in the mirror. Lol!
sweet!! What high school you go to?
Also, how conception of identity has changed since the 80s (and how it changed in the 80s from the 70s).
(cont.) Okay, maybe not duh, but cartographers/geographers have been harping on this for years.
cant wait to get a job hopefully at finish line
The sciences have bitter roots but sweet fruits.
We're at #RealDevLearn too. But I forgot what number our booth is.
Might make it a movie night since bad weather is expected to hit later on.
Hate being sick :(
RT : I will defend the cultural importance, relevance, and awesomeness of disco forever.
I hope today is a good Monday, I'm really not asking for much. Simply mediocre would make this Monday good.
My eyes want to close but my body is on the run 😞🏃
I'll have a beer for you. We'll be the ones in Angels gear behind the Pads dugout heckling Padres fans lol. Jk
ditto that, great to meet you guys, keep on keeping on
any idea when you are coming back to FL? Hope that you have a Great weekend!
People who steal other people stuff is a true bitch. Hate to say that word but .... its the truth!
That was a Teddy tribute?
BJ for Kennedy is about right. I'd still try to improve my pitching via waiver wire though instead of giving up hitting.
RT : and Dr. Morrison wins NV Taxpayers Assoc's Good Government Award. Congrats!
oh. Haha. I had no idea. Thank you so much. :) You guys are awesome. Much love.
Take time to re-group. You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
FCC proposals to reform media ownership overlook small markets most in need of efficiencies possible by TV-TV or newspaper station combos.
Tonight's results just another indication that whatever #RonPaul is its not a republican. Probably can't count on another Guam either.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Can I spend day with you? Your my hero! :)
lets talk !
though secretly I wish it was He-Man & Masters of the Universe
i have no effin idea lol
AS A TRUE LOS ANGELES NATIVE, I CAN HONESTLY SAY ITS SO PRETTY OUT TODAY,IT MAKES ME PROUD TO BE FROM SUCH A COOL CITY. WESTSIDE
Fair enough.
and i have two tomorrow... den off to NYC we go!!
Thankful for the night we had last night , God touched the lives of young people, healed bodies and had a salvation!
I'm thinking that will be a big fat no... Even though it's the announcement I'm really hoping for too...
I was talking yesterday about possibly keeping bourbon in my desk drawer for afternoons like that...sure would change the day :)
great news for event JUNE 15, is about new 508 Draft Spec, along with new 255 info. More details in a week.
Head Hurts. I feel like fainting,dizzy,LightHeaded. Oh Jeez>.< Not Going to end Up Good.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
what happened?
lol im so bad if ita goin to be longer than 10 min I start to get anxious & ready to goo lol
Included with the "Rise From Zion" pre sales are a free download of the title track and a free t-shirt, for only $10!!!!
only in a life or death situation.
scoring seats late to the Pros vs. Dominican game.
Loved your Direct Message, #Education truly is tied to #happiness. Our Social Media team would like to speak with your bloggers!
Hmm, looks like I need 2 Blue Snowball mics, but now I need to find a nice external recorder for when we do interviews.
i love learning new music, now if I could just learn new recipes i'd be all set!
I found three same-sex couples (all female) living near each other in the same ED here in CA, all using "Partner" terminology too!
yeahh me and madison just got into it
As much as I don't care, what is the point of putting the Beez in the Trap video on tv when Nicki can't even say Trap....? makes no sense
omg! I almost killed myself doing 8 pages in 7 days.
S/O to my new followers!
iight bro imma hit u up later im bout to grab somethin 2 eat
no, but the shivering is evident in the handwriting :-). so great to see you this week.
#WhoInspiresYou when you work out?
Watch OR150 on "Good Day Oregon" tomorrow at 6am. We'll be hanging out with
He didn't attack a fan, but more brutal. Can US Gov legally tell him to change his name back or at least to not be World Peace?
7:15 and this dude's already drunk and dancin' with himself in front of the jukebox. I heart this place.
considering applying for a position at the Detroit office of Digitas... It's not Chicago, but at least it is with Digitas.
should really start revising:\
Yes, I just heard "The Most Improved Award" goes to Gwyneth.
if you are reading this tweet "I love Oreos" lol... I'm weird.
More than 90% of companies say that customer experience is a top priority for them. Insights from the Conference
jus askin mama...plus i kno we in different time zones too, im from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. you?
yes. But they won't need to
I'm telling my bestfriend everything on my mind .
nice to meet you Mark! I'm a Chicago girl so I love my Chicago teams. :)
Don't throw me under the bus cuz' I will back it up and hit you with it
Hey Warriors, Hope your having a good day, and have a better and safe weekend!!!
Yes! Mini vaca in NC with snow!! #sweet!
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup go out with another girl right away
Had the pleasure of meeting Google's Vinton Cerf this week. Resisted the urge to ask him for $20. #HeInventedTheInternetAndHasMore$ThanYou
I'm having a boy :)
Like meek say thank god for lettin me ball on des niggas manec
also my papa!
We just had a few of your #coworking diplomats swing by! We're always excited for folks to use their coworking visas!
The ringing in my ears shows my age, but the smile on my face shows my spirit. Wilco was perfect tonight.
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE LADIES THAT CAME TO MY SINGLES PART! & DJ ART " THANKS FOR PLAYING MY SONG!!!!! HOPE ALL HAD FUN!!
I miss more kid that made my day see you soon bro love u kid
missed it, I'm at camp......no service. Saw what happened tho.
First episode this year Matt Weiner doesn't have a writer's credit?
After 2 years they have 8k subscribers to their bi-monthly podcast, journal is 1.2k
you really going to bed? nite is just beginning in nyc !
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
Tonight will be a good night!.... Just 5 more hours of work.....
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
i'm eating sour jelly beans...:D
Come hear my perspectives on open source library automation at 1:30 E203 International Ballroom West
Thanks for all the suggestions. I like all kinds of music, keep them coming.
on to drink number sixty
it was somewhere in Plainfield off 267. Don't remember the name, but it was yummeh. Ha.
Going thru #SDCC withdrawals? Plenty of #CANYONROAD interviews on YouTube to remind you of the good times
u wish u went to sped school. "oh mckenzie why are you 10 minutes lat?" "oh i forgot to take my meds" "oh ok sit down:)"
#BeatTheStreak SMH Jeter did me in back to zero!!
S/O to new follower
Thayer Evans is bashing Calipari again. #BBN should let him have it!
We're strangely amused and curious as to why we just NOW saw jeggings in the wild here.
if I can find it yes
I just dont have tv jacks in our bedrooms.. Old school. Haha
I swear this is the last time I'm going to wal mart they have absolutely NOTHING! I need! -____-
Count me in! RT <Have a gr8 week. May every day be Mother's Day for you all!
Just got a free couch for the studio! No pee stains so it's a win in my book.
Maybe that's why you can't sleep RT In bed, #Gemini toss and turn because they cant quiet their mind.
the kid got good music and this is one of the best things hm has done
Good morning and happy Friday!
Girls softball game. Pink hats, argyle and leopard stripe sox, high fashion, cheerleaders, singing in the dugout...and incredible playing!
Good morning
“: If you are involved, I'm sure it's going to be an awesome event!!” => Thx Hometown.
don't fall for words,fall for actions
From a comment thread: "Internet and phone-free mornings are the future of scholarship."
I wish Reyes was playing will buddy anytime you need to chat you can call me I'm going on Sunday to you should try to go
i agree there is a such thing as TMI some people tweets just make say wow lol
your tweets are cracking us up. KSL cares, you know.
I am having an awesome day today, thanks.
Also, since it's baseball season and I'm once again trying to appreciate baseball, get ready for confused tweets. #GoRedsIGuess?
Rascal Funzone :) can't wait it should be fun day/night
I really just talked to him yesterday.
i can't afford it... but i'm going to go anyway. :)
Yes of course
please do I'm gettinga couch this weekend!
I'm FREAKING OUT because likes MY lyrics!!
#FF - Social Media & Blog genius & super coolio person from down under -->
My bestie is @ my house we bout to go to our friends birthday party at hotel
Quality trumps gimmicks every time.
Come on bulls hold on!
Clippers making an absolutely amazing comeback. 26-1 run. These are not your father's Clippers. Watch out for LA! They have the lead!
Our vote is for reading on the porch! It is a beautiful day!
#faggotstatus on the rise wee woo wee woo wee woo
that we are His people, by reaching out to our fellow man, in love, caring, compassion, and mercy....telling the world that there is HOPE!
We'll be performing at Sweet Auburn Fest saturday 5/12 on the Dobbs Stage <3
Still no luck ... My only hope is life will balance out.
Yeah and all of the crayons and markers would be gray... And I don't think I would be a vegetable in the song... Lol!!
Author sighting: just spotted Meg Cabot in NYC looking glam in a leopard print coat!
Got to step away from development... Brain freeze! Going to shoot some sticks to chill out
Call the billing number or is there another number that will get the process started?
Shower was nice :)
They sent an announcement via press release. We all get it. It's called quoting. All media will do it.
Excellent starting place. If you want to host an aspiring Wikipedian let me know.We'll learn together. :)
we need a better network
do you do weddings? I don't have one coming up or anything, I just like saying that I know someone who does weddings is all.
“: RT : Annoying persistence is what helped us become great #MashCon” I'm calling u 1000 times on Tuesday!
You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.....
I wish I can stay in bed forever
hey Lucky...
thank you for the RT UNYEIP!
Don't know what I'd do without you
RT : RT : You might be a liberal if putting underwear on a combatants' head is considered torture, but abortion is ok.
That woman looked like she was made of Mahogany!
Listening to Sal Khan at #elcea, 5 minutes in and already totally engaged. (checkout his TED video and you'll see why)
it's finals week (-_-,)
thanks! I took a rather circuitous route with a technical degree in the middle. Feels good to finish though :)
Okay so I really want the shower curtains with the periodic table on them. Is this what the consumerism of Christmas does to me?
hey i jus posted my kidnapper on here do me a favor? pass it along please so more people are aware.
be careful what you wish for
Where's the <3?
Katz: predicting outcomes - how does the human reasoner do this? Thought process against aggregated data...
I fix 1 issue and another comes up. Files back, apps opening but about 1/3 of them disappeared...not sure which ones though
Listening to Licensed to Ill right now.
Hate when the chick think im looking at her and put on the cocky face lol
Makin Moves
Thanks for the RT! :)
hard to say what helps "better" fusion, but I worry about lung capacity.
Over my dead body.
This could get old fast.
same here , you've got greatness written all over, not by what you say, but by what I see you do! We dev's got your back!
MISS MANHATTAN BEACH baby!! ;) Miss California Nov 22-24! Sponsor me and put an ad in the 10,000 programs being made!
Ghost stories by the fire.
then before a party you're ready to go, condom in hand and bam. one lonely hair the size of ya dick.
Meeting tonight with my brothers for Missional community.
Two glasses of wine and then switch to beer never fear
I had a migraine and went home in 3rd hr:/
You're not afraid to try again, you're just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason.
Seriously, everyone in the Twin Cities should go see at the Cedar tonight. I'm so sad I can't go (rehearsal). She's AH-MAZING.
check out the song reflect on my soundcloud page and repost if you like itt :)
If I die There will be a Stone Cold Willow Memorial Service at Rupp Arena
haha I kinda like them all but I'm not a fan of the purple/grape :/ lol
Got my VIP ticket ;D
WEST SIDE FOUR FINGAAAASSS;;
You're welcome Dan! ;)
Hurricane Katrina survivor Chandra Richardson: "I don't want to see that kind of economic and environmental damage here in Boston"
I think I just learned a very good lesson
Just registered to take French for reading knowledge this summer.
pizza is on the way
Leo really wasn't onboard!?! Ha!
Past is not present, you use to know me you don't anymore
! You look so beautiful tonight at #DRAKE! Love seeing u. Luv that look :-)
>>Happy Birthday you!!! Anything special lined up?!
Hooray for useful equipment! Happy weekend!
hi Tyler,I live you!!! I really hope you'll follow me soon!!! 3
So glad its Thursday!
I hope Kofi Annan helps improve the food and medical crisis of the suffering people of Homs, in his new role
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
Friendship means being able to keep secrets. Not telling the entire school. You aren't true friends.
i need friends and coffee, pronto.
Luckily, I was re-reading what I wrote and only lost a few minor changes...hopefully you didn't lose anything!
“: Ladies, if you don't know how to dance. Just draw your name in the air with your butt. Problem solved”
what chu talking about Willis?
Are we sure we're not watching a replay of the second period from Game 2?
RT : Who else is heading to the Copper Quills tonight?? Who wants to sit at the COOL TABLE with and moi?
Check these guys out! They are awesome
follow me
when are you buying your orange Tebow Jersey
YUP “: Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal. #teamfollowback”
lmao damn look at my profile background ! thas how long I aint been on dis shid !
If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies,
Don't put your identity in another persons hands. Be confident in who you are
Got schools blowing me up thinking about going back....
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
I don't know anyone who naps more intensely than I do. Don't fight me on this, I need a win.
Six new volunteers graduate from our spring 2012 class tomorrow night. We're so excited to have them join our community!
email me album art to along with the link and ill add it to the site!
does Santa make you as a gift?
Word up hov RT : Bigger reason to be upset this weekend duke getting duked or dwight Howards indescision 2012??
Her: Math. Me: Need help? Her: Naughn Me: ...??? These conversations make tweets look lengthy. Sigh #parenting = Hard Work 2/2
Meanwhile in vanity: haircuts are always rough the first few days, but hey, I think my left eye is healed so I can wear contacts again!
So jealous! We want one in DC!
Must battle Boss Friday to the death before I can hang with Princess Saturday.
RT : Setting up for #tunesBlooms music starts at 6
thank you! hahah, omg wow! god, that so retarded :/
Laughter is the great healer, especially if we can laugh at ourselves. As Toni Grant said, " Life is not a dress rehearsal...this is it!"
Wow! That's amazing. But I can see how it would impact everything in your life too.
um...i dunno...against the law, maybe?
Thanks for including 33days Maria!
What if #WDYTYA is not renewed for Season 4 - how does this impact marketing costs for Ancestry?
I'll do anything to see you smile
hey! we're new to this whole Twitter thing. You seem like you know what you're doing. Any suggestions on who we should follow?
Triple #FreeHockey!! Put down the Molson and put on a pot of coffee! I'm cracking another beer, myself.
if u have a early work out, eat a lot of protien. I'm also taking 'animal pak' supplements after my breakfast
"Bridesmaids"...homemade churros, .and an Ambien...my night is complete LOL
always think about where u r heading nd never forget where u came from
Watch Ustream right now!!!!!
burning my letters.
Interview with Mike Gonzalez, captain of the Titanic: "Even though it sank and everyone died, I felt really good out there."
My dad told me today "No one is listening until you fart."
ALL morning? That's a lot of running lol
Shocked beyond belief.
Both. Protein and carbs to help utilize the protein.
Seriously: #linksy as an internal tool for mega-huge groups of folks to get into (any kind) of funnel has to be a plus.
haha, that is very possibly some poor English/Comp Lit major's term paper reading, you assumptive sicko
Thx! RT : Had a great time at & FIRST DATE. Loved seeing so many old friends onstage again. Very funny.
she made everyone aware of what kind of man he was
Those are pretty sweet kickers too!!
thanks for the RT today
u should have came to my house
Some of the things people pull out of their ass and make up are so ridiculous
Coming up on the show, will join Troy to talk about tonight's game 5 of #KnicksvsHeat in Miami.
Join us for our first SAC allocation meeting of the year! 8 pm. Club Room (Leavey 3). Open to the public.
Bills player scores td then hands ball to Dallas cheerleader who he is dating...
lol who the fuck have a crush on me.
yup yup!!! Thanx
An hour till kickoff and I've already managed to spill condiments on myself multiple times
See Klaggle at Tech Crawl East www.techcrawleast.com
lol hahaha were crazy about seeing this movie haha butbhtg I'm tired lol night!(:
yall tryna turn up tomorrow ? ...im havin a house party !
This gone be like the 3 or 4 talk/discussion/argument/disagreement whatever u wanna call it over the same topic obviously u don't care
Taking my 5D Mark ll, a tripod, two outfits,and stuff for the kids.most I've packed since backpacking thru central america.
it only matters if you and your chair like the idea. Most important is you. After diss then pubs, but b4 it's just for phd
Needa stay off twitter till I get back to my phone charger
We don't like to "sell" on Twitter, but we HAVE to mention -Our Buy 2 Get 2 Free Window Sale Ends July 4th. So many call when it's over
End the summer in style! Schedule a Diva or larger this week only and receive half off a spray tan!!
Friends Follow back to get more followers
Oh, I'm thinking Good Night Moon or maybe Love You Forever.
Why is it so cold 😁
I did until today
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not, but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for."
link building needs to happen in a natural manor, getting 5000 text backlinks from a forum is not a good plan
Who cares what you think if you don't care about yourself? Keep waging the war on women by supporting the GOP, airhead.
In chemistry about to k.o
YOU'RE the best ;P
Who's coming to the show tonight!?
Good day with my boys
that is brilliant. We're switching the program 2 giant MDJ office dance party
only if i Can Make Me Some Moree
i want to watch the avengers and battleship...i think i've said thst before lol :D
thanx for that seriously!!
It almost amazes me how much sleeps..
Pretty Lights, Skrillex, & Diplo: Full Flex Express Canadian Tour this summer...see you soon Toronto o_O
Spending the evening writing a paper alone. Awesome sauce.
but do what you want , I'm done telling you what you can & cannot do . I may want to be together all the time but I can't always
That's what she said.
y does my fb page look weird
what's going on songwriter Dameion..we meet at international music conference
Do you manufacture here in San Antonio? If so, do you give tours?
thanks! Took 6 of us to finish it. Now: sugar coma.
I keep lookin at the same dumb shit tryna fall back to sleep
Of course we have school when its gonna be 90 degrees in #NewYork !
The Muppets hosting the Oscars is the only way to go! I might even let Myla watch if they did...
did you know KOL beat is this past year in the Nashville Scene's best local band award? -formerly starlume
you should follow me ;o
Hi Sounds like you may be overwhelmed???
#schoolmemories so many vant name them all
RT : Proof that beautiful women sell: Sharon Stone on the cover of last month's AARP magazine. // She was terrific.
would love to be a New Yorker. Bravo.
Probably cheaper and he already knows the system! Orlovsky instead of Garrard
Or maybe I won't. RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready. We will see. Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring.
So much house
Perhaps, "build schools not jails"?
Follow my personal account: with a Z!
My parents are in #SanFran partying with my brother this #Easter weekend. I'm jealous; and a bit scared....
I'm chasing the cat the cat chasing the mouse the mouse chasing the cheese will anybody get what the want
: Thanks for the tip, I'll pass it along on Facebook as well! Thanks for following us and have a great day!
#BackInElementarySchool i was a teacher's pet. i cried even when i got in a little trouble
I have attempted to work with in the past, but this stuff from you is counterproductive...
Happy Birthday Go #Green Go #White!!!
fun's over RT "yo twitter get ready for a rip roaring good time #twitternoob #nineteenfiftieschic"
Thrilled to finally have a night to myself, no plans. Unless you count spinning and a date with the Hunger Games as plans
yep just got here
Thanks for posting this! One of my besties is a new librarian and new to SF and on the hunt. I will rec it to her!
yup yup yup! :-P
Surveys are good to go. Thanks everyone!
Sober tonight so I can enjoy my pizza! #Lakers RT Interesting how personality changes after TWO sips of Makers Mark.
Aha Success! Finally exported the video with the right requirements for upload!
That guy was still better than Alabama's kicker.
I loving right now!
In the trash
NREI/Marcus & Millichap Investor Sentiment Survey shows only a slight decline in investor sentiment from the high of 164 recorded in 2Q11
if you want to send me 1 or 2 by email, I'd be happy to help.
Great to have u on the show RT : AWESOME time with . Thanks
Nunez more than likely will be traded no way will he sit in the minors until he's 28-29 waiting for Jeter to be done at Shortstop
Remind me to tell u my SCOTUS slumber party story if I haven't already.
ha no - but that Peter Griffin sure knows what he's talking about!
Dam bug bites!!
They're all pretty fucking awesome :3
"TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!!" <3 Okay I'm done... Night(:
robot wars today
yep! He's going to meet us there (starting off #DivaStyle with , & friends).
Wow is all I can sayy right now y r da makkin a big did abot osama be laden itZ freakkin pointless
i hate this.
Upside down in Your Mortgage? Contact Me 4 Free booklet on Program HR 3648. This Government Program Expires 2012. Help is Available for you.
I have impressive musculature compared to most seven year olds.
why must you taunt me with Wagyu when I'm trapped in an airport?
free weekend to get this script finished!
Pls tell yr MI HS supers, principals, athletic directors & school bd members you want them to VOTE IN FAVOR of the AGE WAIVER! LetEmPlay.us
Yes! That is my brother. Nice to meet you.
Doesn't feel like testing today...
Happy Friday - Need a laugh? - Here you go: The 50 Funniest People Of The Decade -...
Of course! Lunch on me ;-)
U gettn any sleep these days, she said...Nah! Fav quote came to mind..."if the world won't move for you, shake the MF!"
Learning a lot today
i swear you say the stupidest shit
That's about $2 too high. Sounds like you're near the airport.
Bioness Initiates Study of Neuromodulation System for Chronic Peripheral Nerve Pain
have fun !
No it's not, her email was hacked
WOW. I just checked Wikipedia, and it says 19k total students go to the school. However, another 60k take classes online.
Just another one of those days when I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go
thanks, im going to frame it for sure either 2night or 2morrow
And I wonder if I will ever be good enough
At the library doin homework
hm m
That last RT is another reason I hadn't worn Nike in fifteen years!
You may not have it all together but together you can have it all...
why the fuck do all these young girls cry over these RandB singer dudes?
how come when someone says ACT NATURAL everyone strikes a pose...
Them bitches must be crazy thinkin they can judge me!!!
I can check..
. piece on MCA made me so sad. "Be sure to live while you're still alive." RIP, Adam.
tragedy on the corner of Broadway and Bleecker! broken bag = at least 1 dozen Magnolia cupcakes squashed.
Tweet my whole TL , I don't give a mother fuck
There should be some sort of law against wearing a tie on St. Patrick's Day.
Holy shit. Jan 25th. I am already close to my boiling point with the amount of tv political ads already running.
AH YES!!! WHO WOULDN'T BE #Oldtimes #memories I CAN'T WAIT!!!
The government should not be involved in creating inequality but that is precisely what US tax policy does!
Agape2Learn field trip to an Alpaca farm & yarn manufacturer! We LOVE learning!
-im up with the dream chasers & grinders/hustlers.. ;)
just finished my chemistry home work
Tired & not feeling so good :( #MissingHim ...
It's a little ridiculous how many times I keep making the same mistakes
Baltimore will lose to Cincy so don't give up hope of first round bye yet.
#100ozChallenge complete for Saturday! I love my Tervis 24oz tumbler!
Baked a cake for my mom. Then made a shit ton of corn-bread.
Wolverines!! Red Dawn was awesome but Utah Valley baseball has won 26 in a row!
#ArtFact: #Leonardo #daVinci was a vegetarian and animal rights activist, he would buy caged birds and set them free.
Any day you're alive is a good day!
Um...Madonna's new video is HOT!!
Sundresses when its windy are great
“The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.” -Joseph Vincent Paterno (1926-2012)
It's about that time
Hacked again! I changed my password, ignored suspicious DMs, did not even check in for four days. What's up?
used to live two doors down from your parents. your dad was such a wonderful man. miss his spirit.
Exhibit about Werhner von Braun and his contributions to the US space program-after leaving Germany and the WWII V2 rocket program.
Happy birthday Adele.
St. Louis-bound for #aejmc 11 - presenting a paper with title is so long I can't tweet it. Sorry, hedline writers at #AAJA Detroit!
En route to Cape May for a wedding. Car ride giving me time with new fruity device.
Im fuckibn drunk
Spring break 2013 come soon I gotta go visit my girl in California!!!!! #stoked ❤
This film is fantastic! "How to Lose Friends & Alienate People."
// Nice! Is it sponsored by any corps? Do they have mobile apps for in stadium experience?
u look so pretty your outfit nd your hair is looking right barbie
thanks for the follow! I would love to do a party for you and your girl friends!
cannot stay asleep..might just have to roll out to get some hardees brekfast
Friday night #datenight. Pre-valentine's weekend. tasting menu @ h50. can't wait!
Just got an invite into the Dota 2 beta, nice!
Rod the Mod.
awhh thank you:)
heading over to the big cultural and history event at county hall on friday
Totally went into so do u guys hire gays ?? Cause I'm cuter then the dash dolls !
I ordered 4 pairs of black flats from Zappos with the intention of sending 3 back. You would think one pair would fit. You would be wrong.
No big biggie.
LOL, yeah. It's cause we don't talk anymore >.< ahah
This Cuse/UL game is crazier than Joe Davola.
Hey, #pghtransit the bus driver could at least make an announcement that we broke down. Other buses were driving by - could have grab'd 1
Congrats to Casey for Signing with Wilhelmina Models Miami : ) You have a great career ahead of you!!!
hope everyone had a very safe closing day!
#quote All your choices open doors to new beginnings. Which choice feels best? That's the right one!-Cheryl Janecky
Jan 29,2012: Milwaukee Wave vs. Syracuse Silver Knights: 3:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
or sharpie B)
RT : People are pouring in to for Derby Day! Come out and enjoy the celebration!
RT An Internet Talk Radio Network - Broadcasting Empowerment World Wide !Wide variety of prgmng, informative & inspiring!
its what we do.
L'oréal's mascara makes your lashes 60% longer?? Wow! They should make condoms.
Recently obtained: #2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney on 5 items.
You are welcome my new friend!
You have my empathy. I watched the end of the game on Bourbon Street. Amazing, but perhaps not in a good way...
Austin's a cutie;)
Green Bay Packers WR Donald Driver waltzes into third-place tie on 'Dancing ... - The Oshkosh Northwestern
Was at city walk so sad cuz came at 8when I left at 7:30 wish he cud stay and do another 1 on June 5...wen I'm going bac ther
You're welcome. I'm ready for data input just need to do taxes tomorrow. Let's talk soon.
So great to meet you guys! Come visit in Denver anytime@
Awww. DC misses you.
yeah...it's an unfortunate truth. But I'm glad someone else gets it.
what's the point of giving nice speeches at a funeral ? tell that person what you love about them while theyre still breathing .
thank you! We really appreciate it - hope you can join us!
- Pleasure working with you!
thank you for your beautiful spirit. It was great seeing you this week. I'd like to DM you please. Love and Light.
From Soldier Field: Nick Collins has a knee strain and his return is questionable
ha. im a Vlut.
can't wait for tomorrow night
just found your stream. love it. yay women leaders! hope we make the cut. ;-)
Your not even big you don't need a diet!
Really want to go to CP! T^T but nobody pick me up!.
Dear sabrina like I always say u and mikey cute couple!!! Love your bio too its great!! Tweet me more!!
HIT UP MANEMANE TO TELL HIM HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND RECEIVE 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!!! Music
Did jelena break up or no i kinda believe it but i kinda don't idc that much though
yea boxing how good r u?(: nd i got some new Laker headphones(; nd some clothes i get to wear ties n look sexy lol (x
The cheese
...what, you don't like it? I think I look quite pretty.
Happy Birthday Ramon Sessions your birthday present will be having to guard Tony Parker tonight. LOL
while everybodys makin babies ;; im makin money #$$$
Best Against The Grain I've ever heard!
More like my cousin RG3
that was great! thank you both; I learned a lot!
Wheels down. Insert beg cheesy smile here.
Back from a wonderful holiday break spent in Salina, KS with some on-site lab research for Kodachrome thrown in for good measure.
awesome! thanks for your support! /
Missed u!
Adobo grill downtown turns the restaurant to a club too!
Talking to a TV screen doesn't count RT Just talked to Kobe he said ALL SYSTEMS A GO!
I like the dancing! =)
Question of the day: Are you the type of person to dig out every last french fry from a Mcdonalds paper bag?
Chief Teare has been subpoenaed to testify by the county council, in connection w/ his role in County Exec. Leopold scandal
webinar about using hacking the kinect.
Somebody plz pull the fire alarm!!Shows how sidetracked I've been to not know American Reunion wasn't a patriotic flick
lmao I know you made that tweet bc me!
feeling like I just got us all backstage at a rolling stones concert and my friends are like, "who are these old guys?"
water is back on...pipes are fixed...coffee made...65 degrees today...& my desk is littered with stacks of CDs...hot damn...it's a good day
Going to go see crazy, stupid, love.
Morally passionate but familiar storytelling - The Copenhagen Post
me me! wanna baby sit;)
so everytime I tweet I write asd?
Thanks for stopping by!
Dang. I wish my back was as black as my neck is.
mothers day, Sunday, the day before Monday, the Lord's day, the 13th. What is it?!
This #WorldWaterDay watch a video & read a statement from partner Lucy Mulenkei on water scarcity & Indigenous...
Got to use my gold card for the first time this morning! It finally came in the mail.
“: I swear , my Boobs feel extra big today . Lol”mhmm let's see them
hi I'm tia
- I went out to watch that 1st game back against PIT. By the end of the game, I was a Browns fan. From then on.
yea so its more intrestin to no 2 languages
thanks :D
Seriously, what next?
Wisdom is always reaching out to you.....from a senior citizen to a child, wisdom is calling. Embrace wisdom..
Bacon Popcorn Not gunna lie mouth blowing amazing! do ur tast budds a fav and take them on a wild ride.wat R other odd bacon treats u like ?
if I apply for Denver job. The job posted. I applied the other day. Now let's see if I get it.
hey. I dunno if you check but there's a pretty dope play on gentrification that some friends of mine are doing on may 20th
I jux kno... ppl want it more then ppl that have it
I just watched a kids movie I used to watch a shit ton as a kid. This time I heard like 16 sexual innuendos and saw two titties.
I want to love somebody. Other than wrigley and
Of course! RT : seriously. i never knew coffee could taste so awesome. With of course ;)
lmfao that picture is so hilarious. Funny ass shit.
Same here. Obama's recent bipartisanship is promising. But, the affordable health care act is scary.
#WhattoExpectWhenYoureExpecting was a hilarious movie! Love all the actors in it!
wanna see u sometime ! M k !?
Wish I could have shared! Have a lovely Sunday.
folow back ya
its all good now. Old man cheered me up on my next call.
Seems like you're mostly just fed up with Wolf, which is understandable, but there isn't much that can be done about it.
I should have!!
i bet your pretty with or without makeup :)
hi is you at your casa?
Add me on oovoo djpickett or
Aw, thanks! We're in good company. We'd recommend all of those, too.
RT : “Fall seven times, Stand up eight.” – Japanese Proverb
slept with Suggie last night! (wow, does he get up EARLY, like 4:45 a.m.!!!)
#FEDUP Annual Budget Deficit - difference between fed govt spending & revenue received during yr. Deficit adds/Surplus subtracts from DEBT.
Nice smile you look so beautiful
Oh my goodness, I was joking . ;o
Wine fest this Saturday, you in!?
Literally doing nothing in 7th omfg I'm totally dreading going to 3rd
true dat. Altho i bet if she found out what i did to her grandson sat night she'd come at me w/ a frying pan...
Setting up big survey in SurveyGizmo - over 6000 potential respondents. Gizmo lets you paste in 10000 emails at a time - wow!
I'm looking forward to living there finally. The traveling there as much as I do has become ridiculous might as live there
For God is not theauthor of confusion, but of peace.- I Corinthians 14:33
Just found out no one can find me on #WordsWithFriends. Sorry, folks! My correct user name is " SquirtleSquad1" No spaces inbetween.
jeez..the booze and bacon sure make you grumpy (and spelling challenged)..let's be happy drunks, k?
Friend:"Apply for this job. It's terrible and my boss is even worse but the pay is amazing." Really? You don't know much about me then.
please follow me...your army followed me
#2012 You read my thoughts exactly!!
hey : no more surveys, etc. JUST FIX PARKING.
We sent him a picture in the mail.
Lol You Right, Them Names Just Set It Off
did you ride Rip Ride Rockit?
Welcome to the pacific north wet :/
Is he violating some constraint that the local context has to match up with the song structure?
#BoyzAreBack <3 omfg I haven't been this excited since they cane to Seattle. :') <3
Nae might wanna chill. I know Whit. She from Chicago lmao
I wanna sleep in!
How You Can Treat Eyelid Infection And Swollen Eyelid
For the 1st time I am using flickr to upload my videos. It's pretty cool! Have you used flickr for video before? I'd love to hear about it
had a really great time performing at Andre Clearfield's Music Salon 25th Anniversary in Philadelphia. Many thanks to everybody who came!!!
Thank you. Didn't quite mean it that way ... I guess "it came out" wrong ...
M...Dr.Pepper:D
Wisconsin state Rep. Cory Mason: Jesus would oppose Gov. Scott Walker's Medicaid cuts.
Reading your book right now. 'Users are not going to magically create your content!' Amen.
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM
Oh it was. I was there myself. The guy was dead. Middle of Lincoln Park in Chicago.
Guinness floats!
I mandate that designers be tested on proper Photoshop filter usage- example: LensBlur or LensFlare? "Uh, Lensflare?" FAIL!
RT : Why wouldn't Peyton choose a place with no playoff wins, no receivers, a coach never coached and management no one trusts?
NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATESHOP PEEP IT ON MAY 1st DJ ELEMENT WIT DA BEATS GUD DEALS & CHEAP THRILLS .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
I beat the pussy up up up up
Just another day of class draggin by.
In theory, practice is no different than theory. In practice, it is.—Unknown
My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga
Academic librarians: have you ever done a quiet study week at the library during exam week? What marketing materials did you use?
Orlando-bound and so excited!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rodan - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off! U r paid liars&maipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
That's not what you said on #espn #scottiepippen !! you backed up on that pretty quick! I think Lebron is probably more talented but? what?
I really like him and im excited for candy tomorrow<3
Such a thrill to see you walk into theater to attend performance of "Judith of Bethulia" this afternoon!
ahahahah...weight room!
Wow long time since I was last in a computer, or at leats Twitter.
sammmeeee no matter what i'll still love him 2♥♥♥
Chicks that wear Heels everyday; Bottoms of they Feet feel like Deer Hooves! Yall need to Visit Ling Lings Nails Twice a Month
It's easier to keep up than to catch up.
Who in NYC wants to let me crash with them? I basically have no other options at this point.
Starts line up for New App Pokerpool . Arlen Bruce and Ewa The Striking Viking.
That's awesome. Can't wait to watch that.
touring WILL and News Gazette with #490st today!
Did Madonna melt?
love your voice. who knows. you might be someone's langston someday. plus? "bless her heart"? best.phrase.ever.
I'm the worst golfer in the history of golf
I love Zooey Deschanel but that new iPhone commercial she's in makes her look like an idiot. I hate it. No one gets tomato soup delivered.
note to self .. stop scaring your friends by telling them you will decorate their genitals ... its the thought that counts if you ask me! ;)
I'm so excited to start working at TJ Maxx. You guys seriously don't even know.
Will be in Las Vegas for Juve/Madrid if it gets finalized. May go see Spurs/Galaxy but not sure. HDC not my thing.
Nice little article about Books by Chance in the 's Up Front section of the May issue. :)
That moment when you realize that campaign video you made was actually really bad.
Thanks for following Follow, love him, worship him. Awesome- inspirational- cartoony art.
Please let your LA families know about Sunday's #specialneeds Resource Fair - free + activities for all ages. Reply for details
Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, ! Cheers to lots of success ahead in the #pr industry!
I'm really regretting those shoes I bought right about now...
I'll be waiting!
RT : Watching the food wasted here makes me wonder why more restaurants don't have smaller portions only. Plus, obesity.
thank you!
Over here dyin laughin at rickey smiley crazy ass
“l bet the "YMCA" dance is harder to do in chinese.”
Front Desk Friday: Whowza! Kinda an epic day, visitor-wise! Think I gave the Alaska Native Land Claims spiel about 9 times. Need brain nap.
hahaha I guess so
haha its the 14th...damn my memory for birthdays...should i?
Can't wait to see what is cooking up for our show poster
Leaving Huntington Beach
I hate cleaning my room!
Oh, that really annoying noise that makes you want to kick a baby off a cliff? Yeah, I hate listening to people eat too..
Dam 10 to 4 like come on
Rep. Jauch: "This was a budget with misplaced priorities and misguided decisions."
ii hate bitches datz loud for no reason!
Our new twitter spot, watch for cool promotions here!
Another win for the CCS Lions 1st/2nd grade team. Excellent infield defense.
Suddenly there's all this product placement on #giulianaandbill. Yuck!
kiss cam? this sounds great. i'm in!
No U.S. access to Afghan killing sites
Jealousy is a terrible sickness... get well soon.
yea I think so!
We're the only coolest. Very much. All the way.
Standard stuff from #arsenalfc today. A lot of passes between defenders, lack of creativity and individual brilliance going forward.
Trying to get 's new #FrequentFlyer but I think everyone in the world is as well, making the website crash.
Tyler the creator??? what has he created????
to early to wake up 5.30 am to go to Singapore for meeting. God all the things you do for better life. Ow well such is life. love all
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music !!!!
A friend told me that I should go see a therapist. He said he is taking mood altering meds and that's helped him so much...
Shooting this weekend and it's going to be HOT!
Enjoying #Starbucks while #reading #THEGAZE for a few minutes before I have to leave for work...so...hard...2...put..it...down
Here's hoping today is a productive day with bangs in symbiotic agreement!
#wiunion ..I laugh; at any one who thinks that #walkers pandering, outside of the State of #Wisconsin to save his butt, is manly.
#CrewLove forever <3 you may be thousands of miles apart, but NOTHING will ever tear your friendship apart . i love you all <3
very good news about your offspring and his accomplishments.God be the glory on your parenting skills and vision for your son.
aww he is so cute with his little brother (':
An candidate that wants to sign an executive order to block Obamacare without House or Senate vote is power hunger. Think about it
in what city?
I wonder if anyone I know had his or her last class as an undergrad/student today ...
Loved having you share the afternoon with Velva Jean
“: Believe it or not... Faith is the most important ingredient to success.”
Watching with the fam.They r eating hissing cockroaches 4 $50k....Not going 2 b able 2 do it! Eliminate me now! LOL
