What it do?
concurred. Haha “: yeah that's prob a strong possibility. Lol”
RIP Chuck Brown.
You forgetting about KD? Like Melo to but I got to go KD
HEY NOW!!!! I've only totaled one.
Web 2.0 summit lots of talk about payments!
New cycles can only emerge if you take some form of action. You must do something different to make that happen.
What #ESP does everyone use? I'm frustrated with my current provider and am thinking about switching to #MailChimp or
I had my first topperstix in a year on Saturday.. I couldn't resist
You really couldn't tell us more?
If it is , maybe we can go after my bday dinner 😁☺
Strippers who make careers out of being a stripper--(which I think is pretty cool)--what do they do after they're done? Regular work?
now its a fucking party!
I ended up not submitting to #4c13. I intend on going to Cuba this Dec and that'll be expensive enough. Sigh.
The Long Wong's Show is close, beer, wings, local music, m good!
It does not matter what you do. However, what does matter, it's how you do it to make yourself a BETTER you.
#ff because she's beautiful<3
Finally got asked to prom <3333333
“One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.” - William Feather
Got a problem wit me, say it to my face
If starts to follow me today I'll buy a homeless person a Subway sandwhich.
Life is too short to live someone else's dream
Last night was the last night I sign up at the Comedy Store open mic. It doesn't work for me. I don't work for it.
"Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who’ll argue with you." --Coach John Wooden
Anyone else think Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton played a big behind-the-scenes role in Obama coming out publicly in support of equality?
...that is the saddest, recently unfrozen, unappealing dish. Shame on them. The saran wrap on the skewer probably tastes best.
Give give and shall RECEIVE... You just have to be PATIENT!
Only 1 more day 'til #ArtLook map launches, helping you discover which have #ArtsEd programs.
Hi Curtis, please come see me perform Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison at Lenox Lounge on 5/11.
stopped by to see ya...
"Come Morning" starring me coming out in the fall. Follow on FB. Like us for a chance to win absolutely nothing! Read "Camera, Speed..ACTION
exhausted but can't go to bed. Must pack.
Ur the best!
have a day!
Going to NYC in two weeks! any free time?!
Bored as fuck..... someone get on xbox
Do your windows need to be replaced? If they do, give us a call today for a FREE estimate! (512)371-6054
I hope your enjoying a great Thanksgiving. My thanks to Tia for allowing me today off so that I can be with my family.
Painting a white wall white
ah thats awesome! hope u get/got a great manager on ur side...it's been the same ol shizz wrkn,eatn,n sleepn lol
Will do!
Just arrived in Richmond for Board of Medicine duty all day.
I love how I can't log into Shelfari or get anyone to responded to my emails but I keep getting emails from them.
But then again, promises are meant to be broken; but ill try my best
We better not need to come back, I want to get this over with
Oh hay! That was mega surreal. The radio never talked back to me before...
Johnny Damon leaves the #Tribe game with cramps?!
Haha you're welcome i guess! are you making it a mission to creep on omegle ?
And if your girl still awake after sex, you DID NOT lay it down
Smh, I wanna laugh, but that ain't cool.
at my tias
Thanks for the mention
I'd love it if you'd leave a comment!
Lord Bless The Dead
twitter isn't the real world??
Summer you're so close yet so far away
turn it out tonight
Jordan brand did good on these 4s. They look great.
The girl and I are talking business. I've never been more turned on...
I thought the same thing!
Sittin' good right now in Hudson, New York. Aka on the toilet.
I was born in Bangladesh
I have had both in the last 2 days. Envy my life.
A7: #SB46 team decided hired staff must have #indy tie so we were passionate about city to begin with. Instant connection.
Thans but lately my wve has been more getting your butt kicked by the undertow.
we have more of a hardcore original style, if you make a beat like that we can def rip it.
Can't wait to hear all about it...lolol
TODAY'S MY BIRTHDAY SISTA!(:
The tenacity and ambition of interns! They should really have an intern's holiday.
juicy j sat me down and taught me well in trippy class
Two missed Field Goals from Prater already. Ive back Denver incase you hadnt worked it out yet
loved it! great stuff!
No, thank you! We are glad you were able to make it!
i kniw how ya feel bud... Im in need of a nice ass n a big cock too
Bad game tonight for
“: Whores like you make the rest of us have to worry. #closethoselegs”
anyone watching snl?! they were just singing one direction :) "you are gay and beautiful" hahaha
Fall special... Buy 1 Get 1 Half Off on Suits & Sportcoats! www.leodys.com
"Trying" being the key term.
Good point Bethany. The heck with people criticizing based on religion.
Everyone follow
things could be worse
Tip #152: Consider that the "accepted math" is not accurate. For example, we have a flush draw = we have 9 outs max and 0 outs min.
IT REALLY PISSES ME OFF .
Just saw the back of Kate Gosselin's head.
can never get tired of hearing them ♥
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. I'm excited to go to mingo central! :)
Are the Dodgers unbeatable at home?
Just realized I spelled Thursdays wrong in that tweet over yonder. Oh well
does anyone know if Zombies swim/float well? I'm think of learning to sail so I can escape/be safe from the zombie apocalypse. Please advise
same here
Agreed. Losing the Momah appeal and (potentially) Harris doesn't help us out either.
follow please!!!
Loss of expertise: Customers may lose the expertise and knowledge
#LIBER2011 In Europe, unlike the US, Google is digitizing only public-domain works.
ER doctors face a painkiller dilemma
follow me?:) LUV YA!
Celebrating a lot at tonight. got a haircut, I got an iPhone and got a baby
I get home, just to see that Xugo's gone. Feels bad man
I'm lost on what he talking about... Still not coming to me direct. Ok That's Kool.
#hometownslogans Pittsburgh: The city of champions, bridges, Primanti Brothers and potholes.
I'm so bored.. I wanna go to a PARTY! LoL
or give it to someone who can take it off your hands immediately for
lol. Nobody knows.
it gives people an excuse to act like a dildo.
Thankful For Another #Blessed Morning🙏
"Welcome to Twitter Dr. Lori James! Your friendship, leadership, and insight are priceless." ~ Solomon
I didn't know Elvis sang "My Tractor's Sexy"
Awesome day! 1st sermon preached- 7 souls came to Christ, 3 for baptism!!! God is a wonder!!!
#chicultural2012 Questions to #NickRabkin what was the plan and what was the results of the plan?
RT : I talk about my dick like its an inanimate object
For direct consultations with a Marimark Mortgage Specialist call Toll Free 866-910-8020
EXACTLY! This shit be mine! MINE! I've nearly started skanking and then I realised I'm at a tram stop :/
Happy Mother's Day to all of you incredible moms for tackling the toughest job in the world, raising healthy and productive children
Labor Day White Shoe Bonfire Last Chance to Tan Last Burn
You nailed it! I'll pass this on to friends who missed #scbwipa. &that magic golf bag holder looks like a bench to me!
I'm just kidding! I remember you.
You'd think it would be the other way around since bills normally have more paper in them:) Lol. xoxo, Downtown Donna
no sweat! I like being able to tweet. You do need to change your egg, though.
Done. Let us know when the Krispy Kreme endorsement comes through
that's outstanding. Congratulations John!
Thank you very much for the mention and for posting this on your blog. We really appreciate it. :)
Days like this make me wish I made more moneys
your music is Soo amazing!!! Downloaded for sure!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Im so sleepy and hungry
Sure over sell the show...
Right now it is 80 degrees west are supposed to reach 98 all I know is that it feels great outside.
If couples who are in love are called love bird, then couples who argue should be called angry birds.
Trying to plan a surprise but failing miserably because I can't keep a secret.. Lol
WASHINGTON DC tied SA on Wednesday for the top listener spot on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with Dallas/Ft Worth, Atlanta, and LA close behind!
LOL you tweeting like you bored.
Rereading Marcuse's Eros & Civ, I really wonder WTF Munoz saw in here...It's actually pretty misogynist...
Umm Pastor u didn't mention your choc twin she chewed up Satan and asked him for another round ha
Thanks to those who visited the Cambridge booth at ISSCC! We'll be at the IE INFOCOM meeting in March! Visit our site to view all titles
we are always happy to be pointed in the direction of free food and drink! Sorry we missed this event, sounded awesome!
Discussing voter apathy. "No connection to real life."
Fantasy football was a thing of the past until my buddy from myrtle beach invited me to play in his league this year! very eager!
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life..:)
GA Tweoples! #wheneverimbored I hit the weights like Hines Ward #3000 times harder. #godzillagrind #saturday #rockmusic gotta have it!
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE ! like now! (:
Thank You!
Strange we didn't know about this twitter account. We will follow along for sure. Feedback on Golf Washington app appreciated
"Understand What Makes You Tick."
yeah, No problemm! (:
Charlie Sheen...Ben Vereen...shrink to the size of a lima bean!
I love my grandparents so much
Made In India Jaguar Sports Car Coming In 2013
I can't help it sumtimes I flirt without even noing got a number from a cute ass business man n a suite
thanks for the follow!
RT: wislaborTeaparty wants tax cuts for rich, cut spending except defense, cut medicare, education, and that will create jobs?
ah hell Naw I putting down tile, so I know hardwood gotta be a pain
is there a group, or someone I should connect with that you know?
“: It's rally day. Fired up. -bo” oh my gosh. I love our president so much.
Sorry my attempts didn't work...but I'm still fighting for your profession in the senate. Thank you for your support!
we're now hearing about upcoming studies - what platforms do people use to get information?
An original. Is worth more than a copy
MT : TX AG's office confirms they're filing suit against the federal government over the Women's Health Program.
Will let , Chris Tucker, Jon Crowder, Sara Schmunk, Whitney Cravens, Chris Sinclair and crew know. Execution!
Oranges and water taste BAD together!!
Can you believe it’s already August? Make sure to keep your #berecruited profiles up to date!
Kathy Klemperer interpreting ONIX-PL as a communication/messaging format rather than storage of terms as many libs see
If your talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
That thing is scary haha RT : Train on the loose at the Castleton mall ... Hah #what?!
and a million other things.. : I wish I could write and make brownies at the same time.
Doing the finishing touches on my notes for my first my first presentation at a #WordPress #meetup in Fort Lauderdale
I'm taking a nap before the show and also downing caffeine. Hedging my bet?
The more Carl tries to stop the ABC community, the more determined we get.
Yet they are content to support bills like CISPA/SOPA which will never protect a child?
My "help remove a body" friends: You inspire me.
I was once and lookit me now.
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger, God you are higher than any others ❤❤❤
tweet bout me when i sung to you ! lol and member you use to lay n the bed and ill be like tweet about me
My Morning Jacket at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium this Friday (12/2 – 7:30pm)
I RT that just for u
Auburn boy Cam Newton lighting it up yesterday for Carolina... Different story against the Packers this week?
thank you for following my twitter feed. :)
What kind of teacher gives homework over spring break?
I love it , when it rains here in las Vegas
with skepticism in some quarters.)
ESPN NFL - Bears have fired GM Jerry Angelo, league source told Chris Mortensen; Angelo had been GM since 2001
Dear Single People Who Hate Valentine's Day: Yeah, about that. Probably why you're single.
Word is Rick Perry is going hunting again!
Accidentally touching a hot stove :(
Forgetting at school <<
People go back to their ex because they're familiar, but you can't finish a story rereading the same page
if you're LATE it's 9 ALREADY, a little music from previous centuries (Brahms or something) can be calming
Is that a treadmill in the background? Kristen the only 1 on that thing?!
Hate when my pants give me a fake boner
WOW... I really been slacking on my twitter game...lol
Holy rain in c-town!
why you gotta be so hurtful D:
Getting attacked by a puppy when I wake up
I have my first follower on Pinterest! Gracias
thanks for the rt
um I never see you any more :(
I say bring it sir. How you doing mang?
Is that post worthy? :3
I am in front of #WendyShow studios! Too bad no shows are filmed on sundays #HowYouDoin !
“: “: blakeshelton kinda quite tonight on #TheVoice ~ what up???” My team didn't perform Einstein. No! Because you suck!
I'd do such dirty things to my cat.
haha honestly Im rooting for both leaning more toward Clay just slightly
Knickers all the way RT : "panties" is all wrong. "underwear" is too utilitarian. "pretty-little-things" is too long.
Someone deliver a pizza to my house. Please and thank you.
I hope so too.! I need some tips on sprinting lol
I'm throwing rocks at your window at 9:30 after class.
Pretty lame, Audio cutting out and switching to other games randomly.
You laid your keys down where it made sense at that moment. Don't beat yourseld up because you forgot. Just find one place to put them.
Dude, what's your email? Want to send you Rotary newsletter with your pic in it
MENTALLY EXHAUSTED........
isn't that answer up to each individual?
TSOI-NY is checkin' out Swervedriver at Irving Plaza.
Thank God it's Friday it's been one of them weeks... But trusting in God he always makes a way!!
My drunk cousin
#idol what are the lapel pins this week? 6's?
It took us a minute to realize. Lauren said "that pizza looks like our pizza."
Thanks for coming to the talk and tweeting it! Good to see you. (And sorry I missed the c in your twitter handle)
we put the finishing touches on my favorite new track today. One more to go!!
Yeah the're crazy. I'm one week in now...I can only imagine what Month 2 brings. I heard the workouts are harder and longer.
dude type Cute avi bruh. No homo ....Telling another nigga he is cute is all HOMO
cool shit..that Mercy sound really good
Aggregating info, activity, and people in mid-size cities is important
#ff chardonnay1988 follow and you will get a unicorn
Dear Jordan Taylor: Our Hero has not missed a free throw yet today. Take notes.
I've seen a map on a sign there, around back.
Gladiators Cage Fighting Info for tonight 3/14: WI State Fair Park. Doors/Undercard 5pm, Main Card 8 pm. 25 MMA bouts. A great night out!
happy day!
Ponder will be starting by week 4
I vote for a classic Manhattan, if you've got great vermouth. Sazerac, if you've got Peychaud's.
Excited to start shooting ABC Family's #BabyDaddy next week! ...Babies, a live audience & a CRAZY girl fight?! Can't wait! :D
Monkeys are like humans only with more hair lol
hey sweetie...how have u been?
It's good to see again at Gov 2.0 Summit
Take Torrey Smith! DD is getting old, JJ is a FA, and our O is based on spreading people out. Plus, he's a dynamic returner.
Who else counts the hours of sleep they are gonna get before they fall asleep and are disappointed when it's not as much as you want?
We appreciate you highlighting our blog post
That is so sad. I am so sorry. I was evicted when I was 26 so I do understand. Misrible economy. I hope things get better fast.
I always do this to myself
They're lucky to have you
I think just became my new hero.
Bedhead so crazy today I had to whip out some headscarf action. would be impressed, I think!
Today: Inter-blink Interval Patterns in Dry Eye and Normal Subjects (D976) from 3:45-5:30PM.
High-wattage appliances like microwave ovens, vacuum cleaners, hair dryers, and toasters are often the cause of tripping a circuit breaker
Thank you sir. Glad to be here.
One lie begets another lie, then another lie, and before you know it, you're a lawyer
Pre-conference institute topics include: motivational interviewing, medical respite care, chronic pain management, advocacy and PCMH.
we'll be there! RT who else is going conference?
I know one. Maybe if we run into each other, I can introduce myself, and then him. But me first
It's hard for me to care about getting past this dragon douche when I know they're just going to tell me I've got the wrong castle.
You're my 2,000 follower! Congrats! Now I have to think up a prize for you, huh...
Can I get a what what!
Join us tonight for the Aries bash with drink specials, DJ Krillz, and free entry for all Aries all night long!
: Morrrrnin from LA!!!
You Got my heart beat Running a Way😁😜
omg i want sum
Would love for the Devils to wake up and play hockey like they can. Start strong, finish strong. Come on.
What's up with Cee Lo's pet white cat on #thevoice? It's kind of random to just be holding and petting a white cat while being interviewed.
vperryky: Lunching at Cincy airport & reading new book by Almost home.
Wow Duke just got raped by north Carolina
Due to unforeseen and unfortunate(thank you autocorrect) circumstances---today will officially happen tomorrow.
what about rockwood??? Better sound and ambiance there than the bitter end...
....Ion like football, cuz ion get it....but i just wanted to tweet ----> #superbowl because of the football icon lol
Is anyone going to the #Carlsbad #FlowerFields for Kids' Day tomorrow?
Just posted a great 40 minute - full body workout for the gym! Also, working on a pushups/abs video that can be done in home, no equipment!
Lmao! Yeah my little cousin was watching it the other day and she was like no Max we have to get this done and you can't do that
Gandara going down. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
You gotta swim dont let yourself sink. Just find the horizon I promise you it's not as far as you think.
their version of "Timeline" or the "News Feed" after Twitter, "Places" after Foursquare...the list goes on.
Enjoy the celebration but if anyone misses it they can always attend the 2nd Annual event next April
Ahaha my production manager showed up to do ONE delivery. He calls me & he's like "why am I here again?"
Bought my pre-sale tickets. No way in Hell I got meet and greet. Ah well. Maybe next time. :)
Any e-learning professionals at APHA 2011? Want to meet up - DM me
Hey is it weird that the Knicks lose as soon as comes back?! He is a disease to every team!
Lol I just fucked up my computer lol. Windows won't even start lol
I really need to stay in the hiuse and do some studying but instead I would rather be some where else...
If you were a fly on the wall in FL, what do you think you'd hear?
didn't know my picture galleries were flash-based. gonna buy me some shears. anything that says 'flash', cut loose.
awwhhhh i love them all together
Sounds rough! you should probably stop in for a tan ;)
I miss my self-esteem. RT I miss the Dominican Republic.
RT : Q3 Name the best bar you've ever been to in the world! via
Wahi Media opens a new Client Relations and Talent Development office in #Tallahassee!
as a bird.
I'll definately RT that ! is it available on kindle ?
Thanks, Doug. It'd be an honor and I could definitely use the $$ (can't we all?)
we were. Now we're being good parents and tracking the boy down for documents.
Thanks so much to the Mad Rollin' Dolls for the limelight at last weekend's bout! We all had a blast!
Reach count can be more important than fan count on Facebook.
Going to mcdonalds for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
Hello, Android.
I have the best mom in the world. So ya'll can go on somewhere:)
All I see is a lost game of Tetris
Good seeing u yesterday! Proud of u fam! Seems like just yesterday u were playing for me in the Great American Shootout lol!
Agree! RT : When using social media 4 biz be genuine & authentic, building trust & relationships, & seeing how u can help others.
Relishing unexpected, delightfully genuine bliss.
ok thanks :-)
so mad i'm in school right now and not watching it. -_- spread the love ??? <3
hubby is going to do the final walk through of the house. I'm staying here because DS isn't feel well.
Or-- all those pple make music for babies, and that might also be true
I thought it was delicious. Ray agrees. Better from tap (of course) but a very acceptable brew.
Sometimes it makes complete sense to sit in the rain without an umbrella. Chin up, arms out.
RT : I'm glad Leap Day is over. It's become so commercialized.
Dirty Arches inspiration?
HELL TO THE NO!!!
Drinking starbucks on my way home :) had an amazing day!!
Monday Mantra: “If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.” ~ Pema Chödrön
Success! Sparkling water now added to our soda/beer fridge at work. #it'sthelittlethings
I find it remarkable how little has been written on the history of Methodism and the temperance movement.
We can forward that report to Neighborhhod Services if you provide the location of the signs. Address or intersection please.
how long u gon be off for
Hi We do have a map on our website. Check the bar on the bottom of the home page - on the left. It should say "directions."
HOLY HELL RANGERS PLEASE TIE THIS UP
Look for a tall blonde now. I change things up a lot! RT : sweet pink hair girl! use to have pink hair and miss it!
Listen #Newty, you're not a #failure because you tried, you're a failure because you're a failure at being human(e). Now cheer-up
Duck and cover !! RT : oh now its on!!
Craig on the first friday
would like to :)
Getting raedy to go in the hot tub for about an hour. Turn on the jets to hit my back...is totally realaxing with a cold beer and ipod muisc
We think so, too!
i forgot what i forgot
Keep up with what’s going on in sports by following
I feel like the most valuable questions would come from a non-supporter, but yeah whatever.
RT : Gallery hours at testsite start this Thursday, 6-8pm. Come view the amazing work of Tamy-Ben Tor!
Thanks Kym!!! Happy New Year to you & your family!
Happy Friday, and for that matter, Weekend to you too! ;-D
Ma life is jus a waste o time man imma go back to skool
You had me at "officials respond to e-mails" RT : need more reasons to write about Hawaii. Officials respond to emails with "Aloha!"
- I watched the videos on Amazon. So bizarre & funny. For a serious look "Those That Save Us" by Jenna Blum - so interesting.
The #RIT Big Shot event is tonight at Seabreeze! Are you going?
I NEED to get my nails done.
Nat'l Women's Health Week: It's Your Time! Organizers will bring together communities, biz, govt & others to promote women’s health.
Nothing makes you drive careful like a full cup of coffee
yes. YES. YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES!
Many thanks to the lady who broke it down with me during the open dance break. I hope I can move like that in 40 years.
Did she give up being stupid too?
Saw the earlier robot tweet. I may be king of the cubicles for 40 hours a week, but haven't hit the Singularity yet.
no. I never log out lol.
plz follow me i miss going 2 jonas brothers concerts with my sister so plz follow me it would mean the world 2 me
love Florida country boys #keepin'itclassy
ok. & im sending like 2 letters out jst incase one get lost in the mail or sum. Lbs.
RT : “ The Avenging Angel Returns. Don’t miss the season premiere of #Dexter tonight at 9PM only on ”
Absolutely. There's no way someone should ever reach 5 or 6 OWIs!
good job lol.
Pull No Punches TV Returns on March 19 at 11:30am EST Stay Tuned For more Info
Had a blast at ! with my girl amazing weekend ( : Can't wait to do it all again #industrytuesdays : D
i'm on now ^.^= but i'm going to bed cause i'm really thired lol idk why? But just tweet me & i'll reply when i wake up lol
I deleted ya number for a reason
This app always shops #travel for you based on your profile preferences! Sign up for your FREE profile &
I was going to holler at you but my phone don't work worth a crap in the stadium. Looks like we was pretty close together
That's dead RT : you mad because you bums about to get smacked by a real team
Your welcome :)
God gives me words everyday...I'm only being obedient in sharing them with the world via Twitter! If I could only say more ;-)
because Paul Frank stuff is so freakin adorable - no matter your age!!
Dickinson: Online course design is done based on what you want students to know, not always on how you want them to interact
Stay tuned for all the wonderful events we have coming up this month... including a FREE estate planning workshop!
youll learn who to trust and who not to trust, lol family is hard to trust too x)
This summer is Grind Time!
"I'm a cool dude in a loose mood, I done smoked dope and shook hands with the pope." - my 84 year old grandfather
; Omg . This one guy just texted me like 7 times while I napped for an hour . Effin stalker !
Just sneezed. I hope these two thing never happen again at the same time.
Naw...besides people don't get arrested for taking pictures...
ong! True story!
Atlanta is such a dying city, loosing #bloomingdales is another reason not to move back. I don't shop at
My chick fat, my chick hood, my chick eat shit that yo chick wish she could.
Whether you're pregnant or not, if you own maternity pants, join me in wearing them for
I just have #sweet dream tonight... ^^
Perfect bus-to-bus combo after the gig.
Where are u headed? And why do u hate urself lol
Agreeing w/ me in ur 2nd tweet EVER? Maybe conservatives & radial hippie eco-communists can work together after all.
oh...I'm there
Thank you! Happy Holidays
Literally just heard the most ignorant, homophobic rant of my entire life. It legitimately offended me.
spent the day sharing poetry and stories- empowering teens from South Central, Los Angeles w/ stellar artists
I am so thankful! so very thankful! Blessings come to my life in the most unexpected ways....
Ready to celebrate two of the best people I know and
: How about partnering up w/ to make "Text-to-Pay" Rent possible for Renters?
Resource Sharing, a union experience: MelCat, SWIFT, Prospector
Try buttered rice!
just trying to better myself and stay focused
Now, to actually LEGALIZE same-sex marriage. Here's looking at you,
good to hear you're keeping busy. We'll be there in October so you can see the boys. Loves
when are you coming to Long Island City?
I'm on the listserv for DPLA. I love the conversation! Nice to see a rep at
I'm still laughing at 's #sadtweetsfromkmart That bean bag chair with no beans included tho<<< lol
Great cast and crew. Thank you for you the support!
I miss you more than you think
ANYONE WANT TO SHOW ME ....LET 'S DANCE!! TONIGHT..... LET ME KNOW.
What the Bible Really Still Says About Homosexuality: Jesus did recalibrate the purity laws, but Mark 7:19 makes clear that the episo...
A SME generating content is generating user-generated content.
One voice alone in a crowd can be lost upon deaf ears, but when that crowd becomes a collective voice everything is possible.
call me
Thank you for helping!
So now that the rain forest climate has moved up here, do they have glaciers in Chile?
Have you listened to tranZitions yet? Have you bought it? Have you told anyone else about it? Let's spread the word!
congratulations on your new role with !
Huh. Wonder if they scrapped it because of the New Yorker cover.
Let's go racing
What up Wayne
Love you bro. How are you my friend???
“: You call yourself a Christian? I call myself a billionaire. But guess what? I'm broke! #Wordsarecheap #liveit”
God is taking me to the next level that's why He had to remove some messy folks out my life...
Guess who is sitting in the history department... again... waiting... again...
Proves how little oversight there really is, & how they don't care. I'm going to tell that to my mortgage co. see where it gets me
Reminder: Follow us here on Twitter at to get 10% off your next #vinyl purchase through our shop! Why not do it? ;)
I wonder how long it would take me to wipe out in 4 1/2 inch heels. They're so cute...it might be worth it.
RT :Still time to see an amazing performance of Children of a Lesser God this weekend!7:30 tonight and 2:00 matinee tomorrow
I miss the days of a chat monopoly. Currently running AIM, gchat, Skype and Office Communicator to talk with varying groups of people.
solid #followfriday love
HilClinton on news beering & dancing in SA. Made me think, she's cool. Barack&Michelle r cool. Mitt and GOPers very uncool in comparison.
Fuck am i watchin this nigga nicholas cage got a mullet
#kidssaythedarndestthings so after the dough on our pizza what do we need? Potato sauce! You say potato, I say tomato
Can you all tell I'm a former #NCSTATE player and Alumi. Really excited for what Debbie Yow is doing w/ athletics here.
I got hung up on the last one. What festival would have Jack Johnson AND Dave Matthews? The Texas State Fair?
David Fincher's The Social Network was engaging. Favorite scene - crew race against the Dutch. Good performance by Justin Timberlake.
you playing tomorrow? game at 7:30!
that is awesome! Such a great idea for #differentiating #tutoring sessions!
Following back, tweet me if i dont follow you and I will(;
#MKEbrunch We do brunch every Sunday from 10:30 am to 2:30 pm...Reservations recommended!
Hard to keep up w/your social media sites? Hootsuite is a great way to organize and schedule posts in advance. *hint hint were using it now!
are you Ok
We so need to go get coffee one of these days... let me know when you are in town again.
Uh I just wanna grab u hug u n tell u everything will b ok even though u won't let me
follow me!
they have said its also the ending to shepards story. The mass effect games can continue on forever if they want
Accept no one's definition of your life ... define yourself!
Listen to "Universal Mind Control" by Common........then listen to "No Knock" by Gil Scott Heron.....circa 1974 Dude was rappin like crazy
Jinx RT : #WhiteSox pitcher Philip Humber is three outs away from a Perfect Game... 3-0 White Sox, bottom 8th. via
.... Madison has buses.
Hate working overnight. Something has got to give. Can't handle much more. To stressed to even think about anything.
" Where is the weekend?" Between Thursday and Monday? :)
Life would be boring if it was like a story book but I can defiantly go for a bed time story right about now
Merry Christmas! Happy Hanukkah! Happy Kwanzaa!!! We will be closed on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. We hope you have a great holiday!
That's ok Gusgus!Ive got some greenbacks!
Cute I met
Blaise cant stand the HEAT..her lil nose cant handle it
Grrr....Twitter isn't working properly.
Usability testing will validate your design, but keep monitoring your product to validate usability testing.
on the wheels of steel.
I'm sorry jake! I forgot!!!!
I HATE WHEN THEY PULL THAT CRAP! ABC FAMILY CHANNEL PULLS THAT CRAP TOO...
wit me >
And if i know nothing at all; it's that a wall is just a wall and nothing more at all. It can be broken down. - Assata Shakur
At the end of 1 #HEAT up by 4 three more to go
Night everyone
Oh aight.. Yeah he not saying nothing. He a jamaican-southern rapper.. lol But he rep the Dungeon Family so I'm a lil' bias.
Can't believe a woman ad beautiful as you is still single
#6wordstories Love is like a tortured flower.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! FOLLOW TO GAIN MORE FOLLOWERS!!
yes we are in Florida
BOO. She's the one with the PhD!!!
So, how about opening a Milkshake City in the Rainy City of the USA?! (Seattle) ;) x
New Gender Specific Formula for Peak Heart Rate
Thanks for follow Mary Annette, is Wichita really the midwest?
haha ill make smoothies for all of ya!
haha I need new clothes too ugh!!
Kai Chase can cook for me any day. Yum.
Bad career choice RT Im makin that call big bro
I'll be there!
twitter hugs!
don't be sad! Be happy :)
no problem. Thanks!
Thanks to for a great Saturday!!! #minnebar !!!
Enjoying a great cup at my favorite coffee shop in the city - Temple on 10th near J. Right beside my fav restaurant,
Lol : Music is murder on relationships lol
Ride aint nothing like a summertime. I cant help but stare at her even when the other girls are passing by. She got my full atention and i
Reason 22 to love the BBA: The small town feel in a big city. Shop local has a whole new meaning.
what? o.O
Ditto J, y'all have fun tomorrow evening 😉 “: nice running into you :)”
well she does have twins ya kno :) I will talk to her and get a day where u can go this time
Today I was told that I am a well rounded person b/c apparently I have had all of my rough edges beaten out of me.
Happy Hera Day!!
Thanks for the follow!
Don't give up... you are almost there!!! "The mountain only seems high from the valley".
Is the second half of this game really necessary???
Not at all too much to ask...keep doing what you love! (:
#finchel How cute!(:
hot! It's has ass!
To all our friends and family worried about our safety in todays storm we are ok. Thx for Ur kindness
Signed up for Audio Preservation this semester. Soon I will be playing in your audio files, digitizing all your outdated formats...
anyone creative out there want to help me pick a domain name? i'd appreciate input!
the same... It wont get any better, unless i can get a whole new back lol.. I have missed our talks.. I wish i could ur back better
Bury me standing under your window with this cinderblock in hand
I thought you were referring to the guy's bad body odor!
thanks for the so. I hope all goes well.
Sunny on w/e only;-) RT : sup Penn Yan? Traveled 8hrs from NH. Woke up in Horseheads this morn to rain.. what gives!!
About 95% of the texts I send are about and the other 5% are random song lyrics. :)
Parents think b/c I work w/ kids that I wanna watch all these middle schoolers at our house. I get paid to work w/ kids! I no work for free!
Thinking about the issues of coordination and communication in global systems. A sticky set of problems...
Dell with Dell is a great combo. We have several great wireless printers to pick from. Let me know if you have any questions.
I could follow that!
RT : Don't be surprised if #Nascar doesn't shrink the size of the plate before tomorrow's pratice w/lap over 206 mph.
or when u use it to pretend ur flying an airplane..thats love at its highest
Good grief. This #Lakers game has been stressing me the eff out. Finish 'em.
Also and in a hot scene!
Apparently $28 million is. RT : No price too high for a big time QB. Can't win without one
"Arby's, its Good Mood Food" love that commercial
forgot his name but google dolphins accountant byu tight end lol
Let's talk tomorrow about your OAuth issues w/ Twitter4J; I might be able to help you out
call me when u have a chance I will explain. Super easy 773-216-6817
I hate when I say the right answer, then someone says it louder and gets the credit. . . . Bitch -______-
you too!
I wish Corvettes exhaust had a different firing order the 2011 Z06 sounds great... finally but it just doesn't rumble like it should
I wish I was drunk. I haven't been hammered in a minute
u should preform in branson missouri at the landing. Its a great and big area to sing at :)
even though #harbaugh ended a great #Trojans win streak in the #Coloseum, can't help but root for him and the 49ers revival! beat the Saints
If you missed the #VoteCreateATX Forum from - let us summarize: Peanut buttered rhino hoof subsidy.
Good morning all. I'm at work. Leaving at noon. Hell yeah.
Love this!!!RT : Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world
Haha ;D AND GUUURRL! It means Laugh Like Niall (; you're welcome :*
Germany in 44 days...
i got the same card for my mom 😳☺ BY THE WAY YOU LOOK SUPER CUTE IN YOUR PICTURE
Life...... Is crazy outside that window !
the space is looking better n better ;) cant wait to relaunch
The Sologne on the Loire - the sweetest woods in the world. And the pheasants! Today visiting Azay-le-Rideau.
Wow RT : Up cuz I took a nap earlier :-/
Don't ever be afraid to be yourself, though people won't always like you, at least you're being true to yourself.
Huckle STUMPED?!? Is this the episode where Huckle finally gives up & goes on a heroine binge?
Katie's going to London this summer. Can you pick me up a metro map or something while you're there??
- ugh , i miss my baby so much,. i might act like i don't but deep down inside i do ! but good morning you guys !
Guess what?
TRAK Records and Library now has a Twitter page! Follow for the latest updates!
continues to struggle. reports Tiger's warm up included gimmicks in his stance to fix balance. Is it working? Nope!
I get paid on my birthday!!! I gotta fly somewhere.
Words: Spelling pronunciation definition and Application (with Index to words)
Did I seriously get TP'ed last night? Who even does that anymore?
yes they have
well your not testing back, so I'm going to bed.. Sorry that it didnt work out. Goodnight. I still love you. <3
My nap was beasty
Hint hint.. Feeling ya
IF YOu SPAM Me I WILL TWEET U BACK!!
At JFK!!!! Back to reality!
lol but he make his BBQ sauce
RT : Warning - the latest Kindle update for iPad. Broken and won't let you to change settings.
i hadn't; thanks! hopefully it inspires more positions elsewhere!
im done with finals, when we kickin it?
#beverly hills. thats cuz they saw 'her' with her bag and was like "uh oh." we were like BAM!
ah, thanks! > than 90% of millennials who took survey (a select group), but not 90% of millens. was hoping it was the latter :)
I hope you're having an easy last day! (And I miss you already!)
Thanks to Pastor Goble & Mei Ling from for being such great hosts during our interview today. Story launches April.
LOL. Nothing to hide... I'm a little scared that 10+ people I follow actually follow them...
im telling you if it has to do wit drama he say she say let it go im done wit drama
Wish I could go 2 cedar point
I know what sold Nerlens to Kentucky...that guy that offered him his wife if he picked UK! She must have been hot.
": If your va j j is blew out, you get threw out lol #DontJudgeMe", lol dum bro
Any articles/photos/blogs about looks of a 21st century middle school classroom... lookin' for a change
Monday Monday Monday what to do lol
Looking forward to see at our #Life30 event in 3 days only
ah would of liked to see him in f6
haha no. I should start that. When I'm a senior I will haze te freshman!
I want a pig :(
Lake day! Can't wait to be at the lake with
Right? This was one a long time coming, and it's a good one. This year is all about what makes me happy, dammit.
that's a keeper
Hey Kyle just checked out ur website. FAB U LUS!! & thanks again for the laughs on set. U 2 should really go on the road lol;)
A smile in my face is what I don't like, they steal ya whole sound thats a sound bite.
I don't feel like being at school today
Creating this online site is suuupeer long, 3rd day and counting
I know u weren't but ur sticking up for ur boy when has his own stuff going on.
I've learned that no one can keep a secret.
#Happy #Good #Friday & Earth Day! FREE COFFEE at #Starbucks just bring in travel mug they'll fill it up for you via
we did! Thanks! My boss had not been to that location in 42 years! Enjoy your day!
8 flavors was good i felt Angle's they did very good.
i'm loving this georgia weather right now...warm but partly cloudy
Im like so sad rite now:( i dont want it to end!
Awesome! We would love to have them, I believe we have 6 signed up already so the more we can get the better!
Wow!! Brain ready to explode after session at
Hey heard congrats are in order. Kudos on being in 90% percentile of tech test takers. has dibs on your first order.
RT : Share this! #AA has reduced #airfares for #travel #June 1-28 and #July 1-4 on many routes. So poke around!
lol. True normally is b obsessive to get as many as posible. But
Cool I have to get another shot and drug test....
Dinner with my cousins who are coming from Italy...meeting them for the first time!
Luke Bryan, marry me<3
The Bell Centre/Molson Centre sounds unusually loud for this game. Crowd seems into it and surprisingly not going with the Ole' chant.
hahaha, on the contrary - it tastes quite a bit better than gagging down whole milk ; )
thank you so much for following me! Ah I love you ❤
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 8
same here youngin
We really like Chicago, but what are some of your other favorite cities during the winter months?
Woke up to street construction at 5am, it's gonna be an awesome next 5 days.
Goodnight , so tired ! Bleh .
-that's a keeper purely on the cool factor!
#SJSharks power play looked lost to start the third. Nothing doing.
LOLOL no. He's in 6th grade and sorta with my friend Cierra. Plus.. I can NEVER date someone younger.. I like older guys LOL
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
going shopping
Fill in the blank! "I fill my car with gas __________ times a month!"
It's the things you do when nobody's looking that define you
Should I buy the paid blueprint app or just get free. Is it worth 20 bucks? It sounds awesome that u can mockup working apps.
loll she was witth her mom right when we were walking into fff21 !
hi Tyler,I love you!!!! I really hope you'll follow soon!!! 3
"holy ghost hoedown" HA!
Now the #RWNJ's are after the Girl Scouts. Hypocrites again assume moral judgement!
Yogurt Makes Mice Slimmer and Sexier, Study Finds | East Idaho ...
' But who wnts to listen to somebody having sex Lmao
I prefer Zite
shooting each other with fireworks
Hey Clayton, didn't see the Suite 709 pics. We'd love to see and share any shots you got! Thanks! :)
ESPN News - Yankees closer Mariano Rivera plans on coming back from torn ACL, says "I'm not going out like this"
naw it's a song juicy j song
Don't like having to explain why I'm only half the man Cory Booker is tonight.
thrilled that you came!
i am here already! Dinner or something tomorrow?
excited to see new product...our booth is set, come and see MUHS at booth #209, take a picture as one of the 3 Holy Companions!
Dan You Drive Me BANANAS!!! :p
Drake concert in Miami next tuesday. who wants to come ?
Joining the police force isn't being motivated....
Please ignore money making tweets from me. Got hacked !
And it goes like this a penny for your thoughts But I plan to make millions
At the Boys and Girls Clubs of Baltimore Be Great Champions for Youth Gala. Great cause for a great organization.
your obsessed with that song dude! Yea, true . . I like it as well . . LOL :D
RT Any ways doe... // National Hoodrat quote .
sounds good, next wknd?
great, lots of fun
you must be in the wrong area, cuz when i was there this summer that city did not stop, at all.
my mom is still not going home yet hm.....
Did you know that a woman is raped every 5 minutes in the Congo? Can you imagine that?
Thanks for the follow! I support Sacramento Biz in social media efforts and website redesigns. If you ever need help plz call!
lol you said you were in the middle of one(: haha
Last night I dreamt that I was at your house....WTH??? I figured that meant it was time to ck in :) How's your summer going?
just applied!
Thanks for the mention
nice! lets hang out this weekend
#NeverTellAGirl that yes, she looks fat in that dress. Just don't.
It's strange that colleges take so much pride in low acceptance rates. It just indicates is a colossal waste of resources on both sides.
Better than your smell of Burger King MT The best part about leaving is that I won't have to smell chew.
Get it together, boys!!! We can't shoot like this all night... It's the PLAYOFFS! Let's get some LAKERS bball on & dip these Nuggets!!!! :-)
I want a girlfriend :(
Ron Paul gaining ground??? Wow!!!!
If your still posting status' saying "10 most finest females id cuff ... LMS :)"
I thought Mitt was a rich guy with richer friends ?
Dear you a gee, I need more people like you on my feed and in my life Sincerely ~Admirer
#top10Lies Ok, today I'm going to stop doing that.
lol.. will do... thanks.. have a good night
My Legs And My Back Are Killing Me Man!
Please prepare for tomorrow as it is THE NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER... much to pray for...
Happy Birthday. May continued & enormous success, good health, serenity, love & harmony be your gifts in 2012.
your friend is drunk...I have never talked to him and even after he wrote horrible things to me i offered him a ride
i love my boyfriend !
The driving force that effects the intensity, quality, and penetration in what you do is WHY you do it~
Good luck stopping Paul Ryan's #waronmiddleclass " It was great meeting you last night as well as so many supporters!
#obviously and look the best in those BALLIN hats... I mean caps.. I mean, what are those things called?
Man. I'm not gonna get to talk to her. I don't get service in different countries with AT&T
At least that church.
--you certainly are doing your share.
"not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol"
Cutting cabinet liner, picking out room colors, hanging curtains - am in DIY home heaven
That's badass! Congratulations man!
Home to sleep 7am Meeting tomorrow
great time, just not digging the rain
Yep LOL what what??
Something u dont have.
bridges are definitely a summer/early fall jam for me. Manhattan Bridge is generally how I roll. Take it ta da bridge.
Good night for now, and thanks for all the new followers. More tomorrow, reading and shut eye for now...
They should really fix skyrim for the PS3, either that or you need to convince the world that dragons actually fly backwards.
omg he pulled a switchblade on him. WHY DIDN'T HE STAB HIM omg. this could've reached Degrassi levels of fake drama.
Stoked for to drop a new album soon!
Congrats to Jean Dujardin on his Oscar win! He totally deserved it!
damn, so stressed that the ulcer in my stomache is bleedin again. tell me that artists dont stress lol
from where?
I hate school . 3 more week dog then I'm out this bitch
Thank you to Veterans and to those who are current soldiers in the armed forces.
Kinda sad that #dramatictheoryandshit tweets are done.
Overall I had a good day.. Just need some kush
And nothing changes..
If S ring Break lasted every day....
can't smoke tho! Haha. Random drug tests.
cool, glad to hear..
I love "Breaking Bad", but it bothers me how half the characters' problems could be solved if they picked up their damn phones!
what is my baby doing in Fiji? On vaca? wish I was there with you to enjoy the sun and the beautiful beaches. <3<3<3<3<3<3
Know anyone who is gluten free and/or dairy free who needs help with what to eat - that tastes great? www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
fuck sophomore conversation
WOW. Pretty cool. Quite an adventure. They are talking about possibly letting Kelly go on the radio. Hope not.
There's nothing to do in this class, so I'm guessing it's free day! :D
Big ups to Julie @ Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans for making the AxeOff USA come alive.
DM We are putting together a National Edu Consortium & would like to explore adding Facebook. If interested please DM contact info.
yea.. That's why I have trust issues when lending my games now. Must sign waiver release form or lawsuit in your hands!
No matter how late i stay up i can't sleep past 8:30
#NowPlaying Again Dr. Dre | Kush | diggin the beat, but Would love a little Nate Dogg instead of Akon on the Dre track.
Thanks Everyone for the B-Day wishes. I feel both blessed and honored. One small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I'm betting on the jockey with the BEST NAME in the 10th race!
Random thought: what ever happend to David Allen Grier?
Plan to do the pirate ride fri 8:15. Will you join me? Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
good shit fellas
If I rent a deposit box, jewels I put inside are STILL MINE. Why should Google Drive get rights to my content? I'll keep paying for Dropbox.
J. Scalia and J. Roberts have expanded the commerce clause in the past. Let's see if they will continue in that vein.
That looks a lot like you cooked a chicken with a sandwich press.
Goin to my last college class ever!! 😊🎉🍻👏
oh my lord! When was this?!
Just noticing the party is tonight. It'll be good to finally meet you guys.
OMG! I didn't know you were on Twitter!!! I'm a fan and and now a 'follower'!!!
“: i bope my brothers fish are okay /: #hes too sadd:( worst way to see my favorite family member </3” oh thanks -__-
JImmy Kimmel was very funny and Pres. Obama has great timing.It's great to laugh , now time to lead.
yeah, I'm definitely following you now. Let the amazing-ness begin.
MPD confirm #badgers running back Monte Ball arrested for trespassing for not leaving porch on #Mifflin2012. Police say he was cooperative
Had a good week,but i think i failed my math final :(
Wasn't Portis like a late-second-round pick?
The reason why I smile :)
Thanks so much! Appreciate you reading!
Don't do it! After you break yourself of the habit, it's easy to enjoy one every now and then.
Sixers up at half. Bring it to Boston.
AUSTIN MAHONE IS MOVING TO MIAMI NEXT WEEK!!!!!!
Call me old fashioned but if I were a dude.... The moment I heard a female cus she'd have less of a chance!
#oomf is an ugly koala.
That awkward moment when you are walking up the stairs in a parking garage and have to stop because a squirrel is staring you down. Lol
RT : No 1 is expected 2 get along w/ everyone. ppl R difft 4 a reason. But we shld ALL respect 1 another & R differences.
Tectrix Used (nice condition) Recumbent Bike for only $350. Textrix Used (also nice condition) Upright Bike for $250.
given that he couldn't even stand I believe it's much worse than Manu's level of strain. He was in serious pain.
Yes tell us please!
Teaching is being both a role model and a mentor to someone who may have neither at home, and may not be looking for either.
Wow, FSU gets to walk all over the place and never seems to get called for fouls under the basket.
Trader Joe's was all out of the tasty varieties of cheddar, so I was stuck getting "mild" (i.e. completely tasteless) cheddar.
Girl, trust me. Really skinny girls are unattractive and fake. No one wants that. The way you are now is perfect.
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands? A pocket watch.
What classes get you out of bed at 6 in the morning? Let us know
not in the least bit. I wrote that I was a fan , but due to similar content as your newspaper I've stopped listening
Eavesdropping on people's conversations because there's so many people here!
Mobile #pubmedia visitors: more likely to bounce b/c they're more focused in their visits. More likely to be new visits.
hanging with and at
Done laxin it up time for
'Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.' - Abraham Lincoln
Rape tweet RT : that was cold blooded
This little girls laugh is cute but then it sounds like a demon child at the same time.
Good morning! You can not force things to happen you just have to be ready when it does. Enjoy your day!
Wine? WINE NOT?!?
follow me olz
A book must be an ice-axe to break the seas frozen inside our soul. Franz Kafka
you are pretty, btw.
wow thanks you just made my Christmas. Flapper.
Thanks : Congrats to for losing the "interim" title and landing spot as Madison's Economic Development Director
After 15 calls and 50 or so spam texts i failed to wake my friend :(
I never said how you were getting paid, Pumpkin....*swinging bucket and sand shovel*****
RT : : "In the next 4 years all of global population growth will take place in cities - 2.4 billion people"...
Beat It Up #Pleasure P!!!!!! This My Songg 😊
555- ah, i love talking to you. ! your so nice.
Garden Tour Private Tour with our homeowners, volunteers, and sponsors.
what teachers
glad you digg it .. Let's keep making fire!
I think when they do that they are trying to build a clientele. Get you in the door with a discount and hope you come back.
FOLLOWED :D xoxo
have you read the cancer one
I get yelled at because the rental car is $40 -_____- like really? Supposedly the guy is supposed to do this stuff. Idgaf
thanks for spreading the word!
hey. you do graphic design?
haha - we are two peas in a pod!
how was ur day ?
I really don't need this 6th vodka lemonade
Thank You!
RT : I could be asleep by 830!// not until I get info from u :)
Sure thing :D
Whoops! That's a typo and-a-half! I'm not coming breakfast, OK? // RT I'm coming breakfast "Dinner-Zero" now. So be prepared for that.
pretty sure my best friend is ignoring me. that's cool. considering i lose every good friend within a year.
morning! I'm thinking about going to pick up some vegetables and get a quick workout in this morning, lemme know if your down
Yikes! But you're in good company... lots of Ball players out with same injury and one of our dogs too! Good luck! :)
got ya babe, hit me up
Thanks for the quote!
USMC, Happy 236th Birthday to the spear of our Armed Forces!!
Working on it.
Pretty excited about the rain we're getting in South Austin right now.
didnt do terribly much haha just recorded and hung out with some friends... what about you?
So sorry that Natalee Holloway is dead.(please retweet);
My family born and raised in HLP. Have been going to since I was 4 though. Check it out for a possible story!
Does it cost extra? I have unlimited texting....
need Asante Samuel and that makes our CB trio DEADLY
You should check out Hero Academy on your iPhone. Best iOS game ever. It actually made me quit TOR. So much fun.
whats your email? i'll add you to the portland list so when Roshon is coming you'll be the first to know!
whats the occasion? You'd better get some Voodoo Doughnuts while you're here? ;)
Give your nails a labor day chill -- no polish - nourishing lemon soak - olive oil soak - nail oil - naked, shiny nails all weekend!...
Why can't I pay to watch Entourage if I do not have HBO? Are executives that fucking stupid to think I will just go pay for HBO.
Wellington Call Me Maybe ? Saw you twice this year !! 4692330512
Laugh to keep from crying.
We love the Red Rooster! Next time, come see us first--independent kids and YA bookstore in Katonah!
The police and helicopters all over Forest Park in the G section. I wonder what happened
Our sweet hamster Chi-Chi passed away today. Who knew rodent ownership would be so wrenching?
Office supplies are lame when you have to pee and can't leave.
It is a beautiful day in the Bay.
Thanks Brad. Have a great day.
"I Go Back" coming up NEXT
Receiving take-home finals in the jetway.
Watching Frontline's #postmortem doc. Interesting and very disturbing.
Just saw a man mowing his lawn in the rain.
I like attention
Have they stopped making episodes of 'The Universe'? I'm still waiting for it to come back on.
Sometimes I wish I never met you cause than I would cry myself to sleep every night
THANK YOU Pierre for all the good memories from a fan. Best of luck with RGIII in DC
Are you cataloging by the taste or the bottle? The latter qualifies you for more than fast my fiend ;)
“: Ur name is Gillette? RT : My mom named me after a razor...wtf was she thinking o_O”//yes
Could you put in a call to the "Democratic Nominee" for us? We want a debate...
Welcome to Twitter!!!
atleast 2 more months till my nephew or niece gets relace from my sisters belly :)
See shiz its four? Darn it. Insomnia claims another unsuspecting victim
I just met my soulmate on #pinterest. Is it too late to become a lesbian?
Your welcome. You can join Home Games Clubs to meet people, especially Showcase: WSOPlay Money.
JIMMY CARTER WAS A NUCLEAR ENGINEER.
I'd like to take the time once again congratulate Fenway on 100 years. #Yankees! #Slugfest!
I dont have acne like omg imma die but when it does show up and is seeable it is omg imma die haha (:
Hey there! Did you end up getting any rest later in the weekend?
Biz should shift focus from profit maximization to purpose maximization - from the Great Places to Work Conference
Damn i should be sleep
Curation tools for pedagogy: looking for tool that allows user to explore collection, not just marched through.. Does it exist??
Lol...I'm good. I already have way too many. I gotta get rid of some before I can add more.
wow a Hipster on upper Monterrey,.going to freak out the locals..
Residual glitter bomb on my boots!!
"Your EDUCATION is something NO ONE can ever take away from YOU."
me too. I'm bout to go seek Him. And wait on His presence.
Oh yea after today's squats and all those exercises I need me some aspirin and ibuprofen . Who has some NOWWW!?!?!
I love the line for Quicken users about Dad going out for a pack of smokes. Any verdict on Lion/Aperture 2.x issues?
I tend to agree. Do you want to talk to or listen to your guests? A smaller list allows 4 greater agility in many ways
If i were to have any fetish, it would have to be burping in public. #imacreep. What. Lol
Web Tip of the Day: Never use the same company for your Domain Registrar and your Webhost.
We're thrilled to celebrate our 5th anniversary of the food tours w/ the food trucks today - stop on by!
Let me have you...
good morning Jeff!! Thanks I will!!
Finds his german seatmate's exuberance infectious: refers to 747s as monsters, says marinas are tight like Holland. Lil Dieter learns to ...
back around march. He had his shootusdown account still <3
Saturday is the 1st day of Passover and the next day is Easter Sunday. Have a lovely holiday weekend!
Research and Markets: Food and Beverage Processing Machinery - Top 5 European Markets - Germany, United Kingdom ...
Is google finally updating #pittsburgh's street view? Don't think we didn't see u #googlecar !
Thanks. I still don't know how to make any of it stick, short of quitting watching the sport. But I'm glad you dug it.
I (Frank) want all three to stay. I get Rich's point though.
might have the kiddo with me. I will check and let you know fo sho!
no i saw it on my timeline. my freaking bad.
More stuff for the EP!! Actually a lot more
Let's go texans!!!!
oh shit, i think i've just ran out of cardboard
hello there :)
idk dude. idc at al lol now im a tweeter ;)
Idk you but that's definitely not true at all! No one is a disappointment. Nobody's perfect! Keep your head up! #ThinkPositive!
That's a bit to much info!
$25 Kohl's Gift card SOLD to the final bidder for $2.35!
THERE IS NO DATE. HES WITH ME. david, tell her. lolol <3
"today's iPhone is tomorrow's walkman" on the "mind boggling" pace of change
enjoyed playing concerts for kids at Meadow Montessori and MVCDS earlier today! Next up: side-by-side concert with the MVCDS string...
Off to the Run for the Trees 5k in Winter Park
Bout to be late for work...Ima blame it on the rain lmfao
RT : New Post: SEO + User Experience: Like Peanut Butter & Chocolate. presentation from
No, I'm the victim!
Upside of having to cut way back on coffee consumption: when I do have a cup, it tastes like manna from heaven.
In the crib ova wit foe the nite
Democratic alternative would cut subsidies to oil & gas companies to pay for this fix. We must stand strong against Repub games.
Listening to Sean Paul while reading an article in the Journal of Law & Econ.
Bro you don't know how bad mine is!!! Errybody tryna get me for my bread. We gotta be entrepreneurs. I been telling you bruh.
lol you got that from drake
EKU showing interest in OT Matt Axline from Shelby Co. Signing day is just around the corner and EKU is compiling a stellar recruiting class
the performance will start at 4:15pm and then we will have a talkback. It is very short and should be over no later than 5:00pm.
tonight. making noise and sounds on kissfm at 10pm. you should listen. it will be life altering.
Just finished what felt like the longest work day ever. Now to do about four hours of packing. Taxi picking me up at 6.30am tomorrow.
If anybody cares I'm at la fitness in scottsdale.
I need a gym partner pronto !
"Her face is pale with anguish. She gives a cry of joy when she sees her son."- GOLD
Couldn't be any happier! All I want now is Mopar after market exhausts!
Hey thanks for the follow!
When is it? I might be free.
RT Be sure to bring the kiddies to today until 5:00 to see Santa Claus! *Bring your cameras too*
Your posts are consistently stellar!
In 1786 today, Virginia legislature adopted the religious freedom statute.
Slap a muff
um. Matthew Caws just tweeted at me. Starting the day off strong.
Off to KOA
it's so true. that girl has really got around
I miss Leticia so much ):
Awesome, good luck Ash!
Its a Million you's its only one of Me
TESTIMONIAL: “Wonderful Customer Service - Excellent Tasting Portioned Meals - On time all the time. Fit2go ROCKS!” – Raul Valdez, Loyal...
Why does it seem like the NFC North championship is not even a topic around here?
yoga is preventing pain before it arises - Patanjali Yoga Sutras
I took a hike in the Himalayas once. and that's a complete, utter, lie. and yes. to your original question.
I'm playing tonight w/my band at with The Purrs, Daniel G Harmann & the Trouble Starts, Speedwobbles. Come on by!
Young, rich, and famous, thanks for asking. How are you?
I just got insanely excited that Carrie Underwood's new CD is on Spotify already. Soundtrack to my article writing tonight!
Celebrate the moments you've managed to survive. The music might not be in tune, but take a moment to rejoice that you're still making it.
I'm not saying my ex was bad in bed but I didn't notice she was dead until the dishes started piling up...
Im near San Francisco, CA. Ever been?
What defines map dependent? I don't see any reasoning, you are just saying that they arent...
thanks Jason, I had a blast!
new haircut today ((:
I'm tired of this "friend" of mine saying she's there for me &then goes behind my back. I'm sticking with my real friends<3
RE:| Aw bro we just getting started! Lol...
seriously been considering it
hate to say it bro..
Nt @ all actually! U actually encouraged me..I thought it would be strict. I'm probably going to take Comprehension 3
I'm sure they love the twitter love, but it's isAgenix, not isOgenix. :)
knee deep into #dsum12 notes.
TNC News, Celebrity night out at East Andrews tonight come and celebrate with us. For more information visit www.tncnews.com
. storyteller Dr. Chris Kraft is a Hopkins expert on gender psychology. Oh, & he was in Madonna's 'Material Girl' video. Seriously.
welcome. #mizzougrad working in Virginia. Did time in Biloxi at a radio station helping report following Katrina...
Right now, my new Galaxy Note... ;-) ": Deep Twitter question of the day: What is real happiness worth to you?"
Uribe looked even fatter than normal on the play... Hopefully it doesn't come back to bite us
Note to couples: No heated arguments; no hot make-up sex.
mikes too hammered to even shake his fist at me. so ridiculous.
likewise. looks interesting.
that's always a good icebreaker questions when you meet someone
Sleeping naked,
CO Senate passes early childhood literacy bill 35-0. House approval of amendments expected.
nothing against finding people. But telling people to call 242-COPS and passing it off as a headline deserving investigation?
": Your on I'm an hour from Lansing." Sweet i will let you know beth you coming?
April 6, 6:45 pm. My band, Symfinity will play at The Bitter End in New York, NY.
YouTube? oh, to make videos of acting?
I am so swamped with loosed end at work right now that I'm actually hoping to go into labor... like tonight.
always reverse white-page numbers before you dial #lessonslearned Now that's a skill for the
I just set the trap and put the runner band on the sprayer for the parents.
Washington Redskins visting Indianapolis Colts kick-off at 7:00 PM ET #redskins #colts #nfl (Via )
Agreed! RT Totally worth a retweet: RT : Megan Rapinoe is the 5 hour energy of the
getting ready to go for a bike ride with my neighbor by sitting in bed on the computer...getting ready to do laundry by going on a bike ride
Why *Force* yourself to speak as if you have a lisp? "May the Fourth Be With You."
If my patient is this psychotic this is gonna be the worst weekend ever, no way I'm doing a dbl on Sunday
my mouth is all wet
Ok so I haven't done this in awhile but who would like me to DM austin to follow you? I'll do as many as I can
Just filmed an interview with Eric Balfour and Sam Trammell at the Surfrider Celebrity Event in Malibu!
#quake Indonesia quake--geology is like So Calif Catalina Is (blueschists, accretionary wedge) w major sideways motion of slab (in Miocene)
have faith
Everybody acting like Kesha wrong for wanted to call the cops. Give that woman back her stuff damn.. I hate that shit.
Pre game ritual time: naked napping
2 in your name in will call my friend
Train to Chicago for a wedding this weekend. Plane to Toronto Sunday. BMW to Phoenix Monday on... Just another week + in this 'togs life.
Yes, I'd love to hang with him during the cocktail party for sure!m ;-)
Going to brunch at Lucia's. Any menu recommendations?
If corporate taxes are first applied and then capital gains, the typical tax rate is 47% on $1m. Too complex to explain, class warriors?
Excite bike, all day.
hey boo
Playing the shit out of it, having fun. But I need to get off from being lazy and learn more characters.
such a pleasure meeting you in NYC. Enjoy the rest of the tour!!
Dario Giles n I making fun of all the drunks in their faces while they coming outta the club
"Heroes get remembered. Legends never die." -babe Ruth from sandlot
House Appropriations meeting has begun. Comptroller's office estimating $7.3 billion in Rainy Day Fund at end of 2012-13.
OMG! Please tell me where to get the best salmon roe sushi in Portland!
RT“: Maybe if Bron was in practice instead of out shopping for headwraps...”
that is as important an achievement as any you will have. Glad you are okay.
is now ! Follow accordingly!
getting kinda smelly. I know these fuckers are gonna try and put me in the shower or video me swimming the pool again.
You are ready for a 10k now!
the typo is "dont" should be "don't" the word is on the fourth line of the paragraph
I don't feel like I am physically capable of saying anything serious on Twitter today. I have spent the last 3 days inhaling paint fumes.
cuz they jus want him to rap for 2yrs catch a body do 20yrs and say #FreeKeef ...niggas is haters
's chipmunk voice >>>>
So happy Bulls are going down 3-1 and on way out of post season. Let's go Miami beat NYK.
Glad to be there! RT : We thank for coming out to this special board meeting on youth violence in Milwaukee.
I agree!!! Great blog! True foodies
good morning and the team you're working with today is lucky to have #peptalk! Is your book out yet?
Praying for my sisters getting ready for outreach tonight. Hundreds of girls will experience the gospel in word & deed tonight.
Watched be hilarious at Second City! #nicework!
that's how we do lol!!
refreshing the page until I could get them and as soon at you could, I entered all my info went to but them and they were
what brother ? Lol .. But yes VERYGROSSSS
nice job Matthew!
bitch, shut up.
« ": Ima most lightly move out of Penn hills...."Um its *likely lol».....oh thanks trick lol
you're welcome. We hope you had a successful event.
I know right
Love you
I can't wait for Disney Nature's Chimpanzee's!
Next stop is Boston vs the Red Sox, let's go O's
Congrats on finishing!
Tough decisions are usually the right ones. RT : "3-star OL Caleb Stacey has decommitted, wants to stay home & attend U-Cincy.
I'm really watching a scary movie by myself. This is a first.
125K - Perm Position - Sr. Software Engineer - Requires participation in multiple project lifecycles from inception to transition, 5+ years…
For my friend with a broken foot: good bone health foods for breakfast:milk, fortified cereal, blueberries, & glass of OJ = calcium & Vit D
I won't say whether I was happy or sad at the thought of her dying (happy).
from one MacGruber fan to another... Would you have time to call in to my radio show while youre in Baltimore... 3-6 pm
Have your Birthday Party w us for Eden Fridays Happy Hour Lounge. Rooftop Style!! Contact Zita Hawkins for info!
Suzanne Fischer just showed image of life size "Mouse Trap" @ Maker Faire that crushes a car. I wanna play!
I woke up at 7 am today and spent nearly four hours in bed reading.
May the 4th be with you -TGIF
never!!!! Can you shoot lasers out your eyes now?
We're speaking with Margaret Nelson, of about attachment parenting
lol I told you
^ Believe me, my children have more stamina than a power station. Robbie Coltrane
Starting to look like it. Ball, White and Gordon looked outstanding. Jeff Lewis is also very talented.
Express Lube is now providing an Eco-Friendly Full Service Oil Change. Ask for Pure Green!
hey:) I haven't tweeted you in forever haha
RIP Junior Seau. So sad. Met Junior thru my man Lew Bush who passed a couple of months back. 8th member of the Bolts SB team to die
Chris Walla of is here!!! We chat in minutes on and then YOU chat with him online!
Ryan Leslie is a underrated musician
RIP Dick Clark
Lets go Nuggets lets get back in this series!!!!
i want a krabby patty
Welcome everyone to NOBLEPRODUCTLINE's new twitter page!!! We are so happy to have you join us!
I also consider him a provacative thinker and a great person. But funny is funny
Simple things is what my heart beats for
How can you call Liam ugly omg it's like hurting a puppy.
Playing a gig right on the river. Beautiful art show, live art, and I am providing the jazz.
Time to watch the
Aspiring screenwriter/part time hand model..Sounds weird but if u saw my hands u would think Da Vinci did this work of art himself
I don't know what's been up with me lately, I don't feel like anything .
Watch out for the Nor'Easter Bunny. He's like the Easter Bunny, but instead of hiding eggs, he comes and sinks all your fishing boats.
Made me giggle. I'm married to a man who uses a bread knife for everything. Will RT!
lol these kids are crazy omg
Hoping the rain and the storms will stop. So tired of severe weather.
Cooley&#39;s Colorado Office Makes Denver Post &quot;Top Workplaces&quot; List
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers; you are special and much appreciated!!!!
We must come to view life as we would a beautiful painting, and accept the lights and shadows essential to the perfection of the work. -MPH
Seriously if you come to Wendy's... I'll give you a discount on a frosty
she really don't! What's funny is that she is not even in school, talking about im taking a couple of years off -__-
Girl scouts are already working for The Devil, they can't also be communists. Or...wait...yeah, they can.
How many Q.B. sacks will Denver's "D" get on Tom Brady? Five! he'll leave the game with a concussion...
What is structured sentencing? Example?
sweet, which gig are you going to ? i'm probs going to the O2 one. Should be really good !
It's been a full day since our Fan Cost Index information was released. What do #NBA fans think of the avg price ($48.48) to attend a game?
..."artists" seven total, actually.
skiing is harder to master than boarding.
That's probably the 2nd thing I'm going to try out, after my agent is leveled up enough to be a capable healer.
