What do library vendors expect from librarians during a sales meeting? Express the library's needs; make time to listen. ProQuest Webinar
RT : Among other things there is a growing market for consultants who help businesses and organizations "Go Green"
Sounds like my grandmas gonna be staying here for quite a while
=) what's new with you?
bro we need to go play ping pong!
Thanks for helping us thank #nonprofit #volunteer heroes!
#sschat, discovery, pbl, student centered. essential questioning all used to create rigorous lessons, yet still struggle with grades.
Nothing says romance like secret service and metal detectors.... Valentine's day dinner w/ and Obama at vermillion
The way I live my life: Not caring and keeping my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds.<3
I have basically 0 respect for America these days.
Havent been on twitter in so long!
I never loved the move because I'm a big Cervelli fan.. Girardi loves Stewart's defensive ability though.
now i have to go get gas and fail this dumb AP test with a bruised ankle
I really wish I could see the inside of my eyelids for more than 2 hours at a time...
thanks for the RT!!
Don't wait too long! Oil changes are very important for your engine.
oh haha no he's not
Anyone want the good old days back? Like May 10, 1990?
Im still here. I swear. Ive been busy. And learning to spin records.......
Opened SHORT $NZDUSD @ .7601; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76% SHORT
Lana Del Rey - Blue Jeans (Official Video): via
I say what I think if anyone takes it personally they must be guilty - if the shoe fits feel free to wear it (;
Alright, I'm sorry for the obnoxious tweets, all right in a row.
It wasn't that he left, Bro. Martin, it was that he chose to do it for an hour on TV. While the whole world watched!!
i figga really bout to die in this iupui library!!! ..........um its goin down outside
Getting into bed: Pillow? Check. Remote? Check. Phone? *feels around...kicks cover...Phone hits wall and knocks battery out* -__-
Yep every Tuesday and Friday are my upload days..so make sure and check out my new vids. :D
New show added March 9th the Old Brogue in Great Falls, VA !
I'm on my way there now, when U coming.... Bring a coat
what's up woman? Where have you been hiding?
got extrra faded yesterday !
Houston loves you! You and wax were amazing tonight! Next time you go on tour keep us in mind!
Wearing a Judas' video inspired outfit is the easiest thing ;) LOL
hey wanna donate free taco coupons 2 the first few people that donate old cell phones to our fundraiser benefiting
I will look into that.
Greater is He that is in you than the one that is in the world! (1 John 4:4)
#MUSICNEWS Take an early holiday this year and get yourself to the John Foxx & The Maths gig in Madrid, Spain on 26th May. Don't think su
Today I am #grateful for a wonderful husband, 3 amazing dogs and a fire to warm my bones!
the important question is, did the team win?
It's such a fun project. I just finished The Shining on audio which was
I'm so exhausted I'm dizzy. I don't have a day off till Monday! But this event looks cool!!
"You wouldn't coach football by lecturing about it for 9 years and THEN letting the kids go on the field. So why do our schools do that?"
Just watched the original Star Wars with my 6-year-old son. He loved it!! That is why it will always be the best...it's timeless!
My mother is ill, please keep her in your prayers, if you can or care. I am so worried.
Dworkin: here to present taxonomy of types of reading that are "poetic, but not necessarily musical"
#Scandal time!!
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
I can't be your Superman.
Steve () has shared a tweet with you 3 months for $99 two locations plus all group fitness classes are included
hockey predictions are like vacuums. They all suck.
GOOD NIGHT!
Great share! One of my 2012 goals is to go to a show at the Funhouse... I keep imagining it's ridiculous and awesome inside.
now that I disagree with 100%. Kid played at 222 this yr. Was 224 at Sr. Bowl. Was not out of shape.
crazy game. I was hoping you made it home to watch. :)
"WHAT HALF A BILLION BUYS YOU IN D.C." #huffpost For billionaire Peter Peterson, hoped for cuts to Social Security & Medicare. What a guy!
My parents are going on vacation next week and they gave me permission to get drunk with my friends... Uh holler ✌🍻
Off the cheer practice:)
Can we start a music revolution!?!
It's a windy day! Contact Desert Pool Cleaning to get your pool cleaned up! We service Phoenix and Scottsdale. www.desertpoolcleaning.com
CONGRATULATIONS Tim! You've proven yet again that you're the #Ninja Journalist I've always said you are!
We Thx u for your input! Have a great weekend! Peace and Love!
thank god your back christian i love u
my favorite was riding around following a boy band with my best friends for four days!!
LMAO RT : If a wife forbids her husband from reading playboy should the same rules apply to her for #50ShadesofGrey?
looks great! thanks for the pic!
hey man weres justin bieber
Are you seeing snow in your area? Send your photos to www.krqe.com!
feeling lascivious
Listening to local rapper Pashion...Copped her CD from her in Harlem over the weekend...the chic is nice...great music
Watching last nights Mad Men. So excited!
Cia bounce takes down team takeover. Tyler ennis pg has some game that is really developing. Wiggins beast of course.
Where are you going to hide the Pizza Planet delivery truck in #Brave?
What's this we're hearing about scarves in the future???
“When I was young I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures, so I did ten times more work.” - George Bernard Shaw
was it of hazelnut creamer? Haha
Haha, yes we should:)
ouch! I'm sorry to hear that.
AH followed you!!
I'll see you next Sunday. Will be there for brunch.
Super Mario Bros. for Wii ! Gonna be a good night(:
Thanks Joan! Would love to talk to !
any way to review calendar conflicts in #outlook07? don't want to review them day by day...
Off to school....
IMY to girlie it don't matter just let me know when
Can STAT's contract be voided because of this?
you're welcome! We had a great time!
I think you got hacked guys/gals...
Thank you I got to be a cog in the machine!
Nasty Gal is basically Coachella...all year round...
Tonight's recap: Lower Body Power Circuit Training Workout + Intense Stretching + a 3 mile Fat Burning Power Walk. It's recovery time. Amen!
You are a former tax attorney - can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?
Miami tomorrow after school. Fuck yeah!
fb is totally boring these days
It's funny how one person can make your whole day. ♥
Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me ♥
“: DT Marcus Stroud says he is considering return 2 NFL this season." Please reunite with Jack Del Rio! <--
Today I FINALLY got to be that jerk in the parking lot who got your spot.
They got like 5 schools on the street!
The day totally flew by... probably cuz of the drugs i hav 4 my allergies tht just make me drowsy, thts it, doesn't help at all.
Any holiday specials posted will be retweeted on our Twitter page and
guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long. Psalm 25:5
I see so much of t-mac in kevin durant
stop by Common Grounds coffee & meet Derek & Graham of b4 5pm if u r in the area :-)
had a great time being interviewed by john and allie from swingerscast..
#NP Photographs - Rihanna
I dnt even know your last name
"If you play to win, as I do, the game never ends." -- Stan Mikita, hockey player
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds. Dogs only have about 10.
Posting some more pictures up
RT : Great clubs, incl. Seattle. Why overhype Sounders? ----- Look at Keller's clubs. No "big ones" there. Seattle right there.
You never achieve real success unless you like what you are doing. Dale Carnegie
apparently today is #NationalBestFriendDay happy day! You better be celebrating.
please stop sending me the same automated message over and over; it is getting annoying. I have already asked once. Peace.
OMG THE 24 HOUR SHOW WAS THE BEST I WON A SIGNED WEBCAM AND HE SAID MY NAME OMG DID YOU GET THE GOD DAMN VIDEO.
RT : Congratulations. Youve succeeded in hurting a girl who truly loved you.
I say we chow on some chipotle to celebrate 😃
Q4: Clean work-station (canning "mise en place"). Order & rhythm of the process better than any equipment.
Hockey players have the best last names.
You gone write me up cuz I dont have my hw done for another class for tomorrow you ain't ma teacher ! That's why it's called homework! HA
less then 5 days until the #FreedomwalkNYC2011 save the date, learn more at www.FreedomWalkNYC.org
Almost 10 PM, maybe I should start studying...
Awesome, congrats on the house :-) //cc
Ok Coffee doin its job and all will be well
If I'm immediately bored by the powerpoint about how to teach, does that reflect upon the lesson?
Guys. I can't breathe right now. Oh dear Jesus, lord above. Phillip Philips, father my children?
AND HOW WAS THE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT??? really wanted to go!! love bruce. did he do badlands?
Hoping the homeless found shelter during the snow storm this weekend. Donate warm, dry clothes to Denver Rescue Mission.
Merry Christmas everyone :) don't take the season for granted, cherish every moment!
plus lots of #eyecandy that won't make me fat.
Enjoy DC! Not sure about the sculpture of Kennedy. What's the story behind it? What did the students think of it?
The only thing i hate about it getting warmer is all the damn bugs
um so long as the same thing doesn't happen again I'm glad to work with you
Thank You for your help, Happy New Year ;-)
thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day!
I am SO SO SO DONE
A lot of buzz on Stanford WR/KR Chris Owusu today after his Pro Day performance yesterday.
we liked hearing about your racquetball realtor friend, do you play as well?
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. - Dalai Lama
dunno...wish I could see it with you! That would be an extra butter topping event.
Wish someone would just come out with somethin different from this whole skinny jeans auto tunes crap...if so, then don't sleep on Colorado!
#whitepeoplewednesdays drum circles. Music festivals. Salvia and mothafuckin coors light son! ...together
omg he is SO hot! And my fav show .....
My auto correct eve phone will be laughing its add off, I meant ASS!
Seeking-motivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA. Great place to work! Call 881-3449 today
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
+1! The moms & I wanna go cherry pickin' w/the wee ones! RT : When do you expect sour cherries to be ready?
Does Not Follow Back -__-
Obama camp's walking a pretty fine line in claiming their ad was attack on Romney but not private equity. Were his actions esp heinous?
Anyone dying to see the Vikings on Sunday? (2) tickets section 214, row 15, seats 9 and 10 - face value $74. Will take $50/each.
heard that this week by MS1s who just developed "Osmosis" flashcard program that's a huge hit at
Mono-occult.
Thanks for the link and interest! We have passed your info on to the proper channels! Thanks!
Capitale tomorrow! AlanQuinlan1: sorry I forgot to pack you in the suitcase today kid some..
every song you put out bodies the last... incredible man.
Muhammad Ali was the kind of guy you either loved or hated, but you wanted to see him. I happen to really love him. Gerry Cooney
thanks bro...really would love to get some exposure...what can u suggest?
don't forget UWSP also.
What the hell Idol voters? Jessica and Joshua are clearly the most talented competitors. Bottom three MY ASS!
don't think so. Someone in a Purdue dorm reported it too
I need to step up my athletic game.. I've lost a bit of quickness...
Wise men say, only Fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you!
I got so wasted last night - I mean, I wasted last night playing Call of Duty.
Thinking of memories from Florida with my advisory :')
watching jersey shore on netfix > doing my research paper for health
you too!
love your board short!
haha you weren't my Facebook friend yet! ;) free cake! Lol
Now this movie just reminds me of an episode of Emergency
bc then it won't come true baby (:
People watching is one of my favorite things.
I feel like its not normal when my chest cracks
I succumbed to the siren song of this dive bar.
I need crazy tracks email to including your contact info.. School time catch u later tweets
Great show man you killed it!! Thanks again for the hookup!
I hated 3rd rock too. Glad I wasn't the only one. ;)
I'm running early today maybe that's it.
RT : Great bosses are servant leaders. They guide, listen, praise, & remove hurdles so others THRIVE. -SC Edmonds
Looks like a nice chilly day out there. Time for some BBQ around the fireplace.....
Where youth are invested wholeheartedly in their economy: Costa Rica universities. Eco-tourism is their future and their hope.
rest of world uses MARC21 or USMARC.. In France, we don't like to do like everyone else, so we use UNIMARC.
what's tht mean
same! Lol don't know why I said 3 My momma and my dad used to watch the games all the time and apparently my 1st words was Rangers
Making Puerto Rican-Style Roast Pork Shoulder from "How to Cook Everything." Looking forward to the final step: "whack it up into chunks."
Thanks for the follow and ! Now, lets save the world!
Just realized I hit 7.O tweets...
Ay man im 15yrs old you thiink i can take creatine or am i gonna fuck my shit up? you kno im a Young Thannng pls reply
Interesting to see my friends from WI support UW and Marq. this time of year even if didn't go there. Doesn't happen for MA folks and BC.
you are now legally able to get drunk. happy birthday. :-)
Kids these days..
Rest In Peace. Love you, big brother.<3
I have to say the best hip-hop/rap artist of all time is
my 2nd favorite side of you, ha!!!77
Of course I sit next to the loud dude waiting for Obama, morale is low, food scarce, can't...go...on...
I think if we just focus on Roger Clemens and Sen. Edwards' dick we'll figure this thing out
The Q of the day is simple...witch a witch? What do you get back?
Brian Mitchell's twitter timeline is hilarious.
Iwant a blue coconut cream slush from sonic 
I can take these 85 degree working conditions no longer
It's opening night for Everybody Loves Chlamydia at the ! So excited!
If they turned the power out in here, I think I would still be able to see Grant Hill's shoes.
Just got my tickets for in PDX. Yeah be jealous, I get to see Conor.
that could be the stupidest analogy ever.
I'm not lost you know were to find me you just never cared to look smh but its all good
Argentina here we come. Whats the best thing about being away from home?
My school financial aid office dnt ever answer the phone.
I said hi to DeWayne.. && he said "nothing hbu". Uh.. The fuck are you on?
First year of not getting an award.
Never knew u could give ur all n sumbody just take advantage of it.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Perpetuities have returned at least in part in South Florida courtesy of the
Its easy to underestimate the power of a kind word,a friendly smile,a genuine compliment,a word of encouragement, & a listening ear.
Most Outstanding contribution in reggae - Brigadire Jerry
I already miss the break ugh school :(
Because Notre Dame has as more proggs and pro-aborts with tenure than believing Catholics?
I can barely feel my feet.
#Arsenal play AC Milan today and Vintage Reggae Winter Fest on Sunday...what a wonderful week
indefinitely, but the Bach pad is a construction zone so CPBG it is.
So glad it's the weekend!
absolutely NOT. Thanks for clarifying.
explains the origins of Media Commons + her recent work: from thinking about digital presses to digital networks: new ecologies
Justice of Trayvon Martin! We won't sleep!
that's awesome! I love that book!
Won't be long until that is MD. RT : BREAKING: Washington state governor signs gay marriage bill into law; measure takes effect June 7
I saw y'all on Nightline last night and I STILL want to be Janelle's BFF. :-)
My Mom said that the Outback in Springfield was on fire today.
speaks about the technology gap & learning skills. ACS addresses a key population that not everyone pays attention to
You never know what love is until you loose the one you love the most.:'( #R.I.PZachPebsworth<3. My cousin.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Who has been a bigger surprise?
Thought of you when I read this! RT : Courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway. ~John Wayne
Like it hot? - head for Borrego where you'll find upper 90s. Everywhere else will be cool - 60s/70s through Friday
thank you for the RT!
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Frog leg festival in Fellsmere, FL today then Lonestar in Stuart, FL tonight for lessons. See ya on the dance floor!
And Genius will add Wiz Khalifa to this playlist but not Guilty Simpson? I would make my own playlist, but that's just too time consuming
thanks for following ••Maauh••!¡!
the #Lunsford article points out that writing overall has increased because of shorthand. I think it also helps in development.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein Dream Big!
Going back to sleep
related news, I fly out tonight! Yeeeeeee
The concept of a classist space war appealed right off, & once I found the main characters, the rest flowed.
What a phenomenal game!! OMG it's incredible. People tune in. Tied bottom of 9th. Braves vs Phillies.
I miss watching dominate the #badgirls house x( she was so entertaining ... :o
Wildavsky rankings key benefit: provide external benchmark - and here to stay in Age of Accountability
What's the strangest food you discovered while abroad?
Glycominds jumps on positive personal MS diagnostics trial
nope, they were MIA.
preaching to the choir..i'm a fan. but i still love that quote from 'the 40 yr old virgin'.
this is ashleyolson I will be there tomorrow. Where r u at? I will be in SoCal w AshPederson!
Roddy White cant do it all
(expletives!!) RT : Wouldn't that be nice?! Can't get funding.
thank you my friend.
I'm trying to pee, and bailey keeps banging on the door. And now shes playing with my underpants.
thanks glad i'm not alone. Kinda feels nice if I walk slow ;) lmao
Their live to inspire people, gotta #fridayfollow the folks from : , ,
Back to work in 31 minutes and counting... Have a fabulous Friday!
My new word is "Fancy". Everything is....fancy...
Please follow me. (: Thats all I want.
How fun that my family (&awesome neighbors) are streaming my performance online tonight! Yay technology! :)
awesome! I'm picking up wicked lovely today and- I am going to books for the beast! You?
Most mellow song ever <3 I'm Jim Morrison I'm dead - Mogwai
Playing good poker live and online this last week and going this week.
DC; Join me at the SE Tennis Center tomorrow. It's early voting time for this quad. See You there and leave your pencils/pens at home!!
Hey ms I just left the compton court bailing a client out
How is there this much traffic at 7pm? My child is freaking out in the back of the car. "momma momma mommy mommy momma ...."
ha ha ha..love it! It's especially embarrassing when you are in a restaurant and the waitress addresses you by name.
Florida bound ;*
It was only a matter of time.
Bill agrees -- bears need to learn too!
Dude brought a bobble head of himself & Emily...creepy.
Excited to start another kitchen update...a small one...still waiting to finish up last bits of the larger one I've been working on!
report report report. share the good work that you are doing. grantors are interested in what worked and what didn't
preach “: Womens soccer is so clearly the best women's sport. second? dudes lacrosse”
LOL... good one!
Aw what's up babe?
Don't just check it...fill that bubble in completely. Lol. We need every vote for #AlphaAction to count. Thanks good brother!
Oh crap just saw Aaron's text! On my way!
do you not own an e-reader or do you prefer print?
With the disclaimer you are covered. I was speaking in general.
If you have hair down to your bum, I envy you.
you are just a cool cat!
im a former Marine turned web designer. Thanks for the rt! Thoughts on the site?
love this quote, so true!
"I thought we were playing telephone?" -
Regression analysis is surprisingly fun.
I'm burning up in this heat! Why is it so hot? :(
Happy mothers day mrs shepherd
Shower Flow...
can follow me? I have a question about tomorrows
Chief Keef,Reese,King Louie,Meek Mill
Greetings to you too! Didn't know you were out west. When are you back?
would the Flyers consider trading Bryz?
Making balloon animals and painting faces could be your job! Also, some of us (me) may require a babysitter/lifecoach on tour.
Love love LOVE me some "Low" helpdesk request responded to in 12min, resolved in 30.
Working this a.m. Going to golf outing in Crete, IL this afternoon.
HECK YEAH IT'S SPARTA!! #300 is a great movie
True life: i am jealous of my sibling...more like True Life: I am a drunk fat bitch.
plus if you use it daily you'll have a hard time putting the weight back on, even with cheat days and stuff
Something will come thru for u. Keep your head up.
props to for herding the thousands of cats that made #pycon2012 possible
If you have your own car your instantly hotter ;)
tell him I said please
“: Once you go to sleep on saturday night the fuggin weekend is over.”
Back to black hair Friday... Maybe
Everything is made in China except for babies ... They'remade in VaChina.
okay good! :)
RT - #Madden12Facts If you pick the Jacksonville Jaguars you can set stadium attendance mode to one, two or three people.
Ok then :)
No sleep?
Now checking messages
Wanted: study materials for State of NM Life/Health Insurance Exam.
One more info session left until final app deadline! Email if you can join Jan. 11 at 6:00 pm
After the holidays off, this wasn't easy! But I was here in the gym. Made some new friends. Start weight training tomorrow.
more shitty chains that take away from local business. Real fucking excited.
i am watching ur stop bullying video <3 Ur so inspirational i get bullied and it does not feel good but i stay strong
Everybody keep sending these followers to your boy
I will just tell her I brought some extra glitter home for the cascarones!!!! ;)
Maybe moderated and turned into a podcast by someone like you.
who can't stop reading imagines? I know I can't stop I love her imagines!!!!!
Lol if only it were that easy
Michel Gondry unveils indie film 'The We And The I' trailer - watch: High school graduates ride the bus one last time in the new Mich...
I'm seeing ONCE mothers day. Let me know how Peter is, want to see that next :)
Anyone have any #ISTE2011 hotel rooms to spare?
yeah I am,schools out at the end of may
thanks man, but Ty Rattie's game is what's beautiful
...I'd like to hope that classical, instead of on an assumed pedestal, is considered one aspect of a vital, real mix - wishful thinking
We have some exciting news in the works. Stay tuned...
Hey NYC, anyone want to come and see with me tonight at 10? Meet me at AMC7 tickets still available
rocking a middle part today! scary!
Did it hurt??? Hurt what??? Wen you feel from Heaven...... LOL
yay for dance icons
we going to be ghostly brothers
Interesting fact from , no superbowl loser has returned to the superbowl game the following year since 1993!
Headed to TX tmrw. On my packing list: sunscreen, cowboy boots, beer money & a shameless collection of country music on the ipod. Yee haw.
yo do you work with vers'?
Not enough monster sex
RT The US university fellowship, the permission to travel gives everyone a face-saving way out of the Chen Guang Cheng drama.
sorry i'm falling down on the job today. i'm tired and busy and don't think you want to know every time i transfer a phone call. am i right?
Join a #video #collective about residents of
Good job & good luck from WI! RT 3 and 1 on the day. Play UBC first thing tomorrow
lol im not worried bout it aint nun bt some thirsty females that done said the shhh .....
Take you down nice and slow
aww shnap! I love you too! And I've been taking voice lessons ya heard??
Hey man, do you know why I would be unable to register to join your forum? You site never allows me to register.
I truely believe the one person most impressed with is Rachel Zoe.
New track on the ay ft. my lil girl called (All I Count Is Money)!!
Wolfram's new CDF looks interesting for people hip to Mathematica to make web-pages w/ data-driven interactive widgets. www.wolfram.com/cdf
Yeah, it is kinda hard cause retards move too much
Asked BF to name something I'm good at: Reading...falling asleep early.....waking up early. All the qualities you look for in a mate, yes?
Strange sight: Live turkey loitering on the sidewalk in Staten Island this morning. #justhangingout #nobigdeal #waitingforthebus?
Thanks! I love yours too! Did you make it? ;)
So full I look like a bloated pregnant woman.
i called finical aid at buff state and they told me tuition is a lil over 3000 and that i have more then enough and if i wnna
Kudos to PowerPoint users who just put up images! No text to read = me listening to what you're saying.
I want to see pictures
I find it engaging that most folks arrange their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
lol . Ms.oatmeal , ohh that sucks -.-
I'm in need for one. If interested, I'd love to see some of your work. .
El Cajon business owner Ben Kalasho, who ran for council in 2010 (and lost), speaks to council to "present myself as a possible appointee."
Justice Jorgenson presents on e-environment in ILstate courts: beginning w/ CJ Kilbride's words in June 2011 press release
Finally you asked me out<3
I'm tickled to have new Dunkin' Donuts in the area!! Welcome :+D RT : TOP SECRET: Check out
gonna make u shit bro lol watch
Yea EVERYTHING is bigger in Texas. Even damn roaches. I'm moving to Alaska. I'm sure they don't have em there a
Thundered the fuck up.
Eddie and Isaac will be at 's show at The Rock tonight, so come hang out with them and enjoy some sweet pop punk!
its still in the books for me brother, we'll be okay.
Ironically the original flag of the Confederacy is now the flag of Somalia
Out today on beatport: Raoul Zerna-Love The Things You Do and Damien-Boogie Beats vol.1
A little closer than I would have liked. Glad you had fun watching the Nats reclaim 1st place
Horrible information has been released about what happened to the Powell boys before they were killed by Carbon Monoxide Poisoning yesterday
Have you ever put FUCR into google??? lol I like the one about Cannabis and hemp! the other one scares me!
The Coliseum and the Islanders are a top priority. Losing them and all that comes with them is not an option.
Harry Connick, Jr. turns 44 today. I love him. I think he's a good person and very talented.
Floyd got Justin b and triple h walking in the ring with him. Moneyteam all day
Squirrel!! Lmao...that gets me every single time. Anyone who's ever seen the movie UP knows what I'm talking about.
check the group
Get your bass saxophone on tonight with Miss Cherry Delight & at 8 pm. Best hot jazz in town & just $10
don't know what the "wall" is. I do stories occasionally about the Trinity Cafe & try & keep in touch.
if you're out there, give us a follow! i'm curious to see who uses this crazy twitter thing.
Getting ready to melt some face! This winter break was far too long...
“Sex is kicking death in the ass while singing.”
Thanks for the tweet, Tracy! We're getting excited for National Walking Day next week!
android for now.
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
q Rico papa!
Good Morning Everyone :)
iPad3 is 4G, great for the US, damn what are we waiting for in France
#PhDStudentPanel regarding librarians 'cold calling' grad students by email to offer services: yes, please put us on a listserve!
Be authentic today.
#ItsBritneyBitch who's in? #Aville come say hi!
": how come - D12" [One Of My All Time Favorite Jams]
Ed has more than 30 years of strategic and marketing consulting experience.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
My brother averages a droid a year. Me, a few months. What do I *do* to them, you ask. they fly off my bike, get hit in rainstorms, etc.
I can't download it! Won't let me find it in appworld... you do it for me? ha
👀ing for a queen for this king sized bed
"...Now I know why he keep blessing me, Now I know why he keep blessing me,Now I know why he keep blessing me...So I can Bless U U U"
tell him to tweet me a picture of his dick
I hope you are doing better!<3
Have fun out there!
#twitteractivity tweet a pic of you holding your hearts up for a special video compilation of the single! :)
feel like watching the Avengers. wanna watch with me anyone? :)
Hash browns found! Eating outside MetroDiner--great morning!
Facebook is on the way out
My head is gonna be so unfocused for the next 3 weeks because ill be focused on one thing.
Officers from 15 WI law agencies are assisting Madison police, Capital police, State Patrol, Dane County Sheriff's, UW police, DNR.
Hope you're feeling better, honey!
Does anyone have one of those "Carry On" sized suitcases that a boy like me could borrow from Monday till next Wednesday? Flying to Midwest.
“: Fuck people who put you down, they're not worth your time.”
Somebody get me a corndog!
Watching UFC & farting my brains out,good times. My farts smell like Cinco De Mayo & hotdog water.
BOUT 2 POUR AH 8 IN AH 2LITTER AND KILL MYSELF!
ill give you a nice bag a skittles if you follow me;);) (not the sour kind) lolz
When I stand or sit next to people, I get a bit paranoid that they can hear what I'm thinking.
can I get a weekend weather outlook in there as well?
Is there any active development going on for b2evolution? Most things on the website seem to be several years old.
Sporadic rain showers and I didn't bring the rain boots today for the very moist ride home. Out come the plastic grocery bags.
#TNC10 25 million people in socialist system, govt operated, with highest satisfaction in US: Veterans - Howard Dean
Lol. Nothing set in stone haha. Just an idea miss!
Today I have the pleasure of presenting our Social Media for Job Seeker's Workshop for San Diego Housing Authority
Love how #GOP blames #Obama and #Clinton for economy but credits #Bush for Bin Laden. Their history timeline looks more like a knot.
Happy Monday All!! xoxo www.kissandim.com
I just heard a siren in the coffee place I'm working at. It wasn't a siren, though. It was a little boy warning me what's comin 4 me
is on the National Mall, picnicking, celebrating the 4th of July & waiting for the fireworks. Happy Birthday America!
Mother's Day is around the corner! What to get Mom? from on right now with great gift ideas
i already knew
Been in costume almost all day since 8am...wee bit woozy.
avatar reminds me of ferngully. to me this is a good thing.
Kenan makes a cute baby!
get at me some time! I need to see you <3
remember when you used to text me all the time? Yeah, I miss that, girl.
It's so attractive when guys actually have high morals and standards for women these days. Very rare though.
Bomb scare NYC at 46th st and Hudson river! Cops just blocked off the running/bike path. In Intrepid?
#pens goal.
My grandad was always afraid of dying from a heart attack. Guess how he died... From a heart attack. :'(<3
I eat it 'creamy'...are you cooking then baking it?
A parent compliment goes a long way. Thanks Annie T. from California, we're glad your son loves his #Trumpet!
Awesome! Keep up the photos so we can live vicariously through you.
still here! finish up! :)
I haven't checked the weather out there yet. Hoping for the best!
im gonna be 16 in 44 days :)
Watchin the ships sail in and out of the harbor,waitin for the right one to hitch a ride with,and there it is..the one you have waited for!
Does anyone know if the chemistry quiz was hard? 😁
Me & are too raw! #swinging #oppositeways 
thanks! RT : Great people doing great things ..
Congrats on the new "position!!"
#MichaelGelb #2011icf By picturing externally you stimulate your ability to picture internally.
I agree. We really need learn how to protest in the southwest
will you buy our music?'
Can it be Friday yet?
Show us your unfailing love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation. Psalm 85:7
Heading home soon. Had fun up here with Teena and Jen. Work at 9am
WTF Wednesdays Tonight at Davenport LoungeSA
MOTHA FUCKIN G.O.A.T BITCH
Take advantage of our July special: $49 monthly group class membership! Take #yoga, #pilates, #cardio. & #kickboxing for $49 a mth
If you're in Pittsburgh, its a great evening for some outdoor dining. Get out and see some of the new culinary additions to our area.
The morning's libation easing the sting of a 2:30 wake up call, erasing the suckitude of today.
no more jumping on the bed!
Watching tv with tony and jake
Awesome pic! #loveit re: Camera Department.. And yes, it was freezing! :)
The Advancement - Sunflower (1969)
Absolutely, unequivocally, 250% obsessed with Don't trust the B in Apt 23 - so. freaking. funny.
happy birthday!
Aww I'm back down to 699 followers again #wHy???
Unbelievable! D;<
RIGHT??!!! I thought that was a little freggin nuts. OK, just checking....RACE ON!! Haha
lol I'm usually right abt in the Pleasure/Relationship department! Haha
RT Good morning ATL make your day GREAT by planning LUNCH at open 11am
fosho unless u wanna come help wash a car
My brain is turning to mush
Thank you! :) re-tweeted!
when you walk up behind me and scare me 😊 >
you are welcome. Thanks for writing it! Happy Friday :)
...how bad are irregular sleeping and eating habits....
Man, I forgot how awesome the doc When Were Kings is. Thanks, Netflix instant.
Loving my life
Yeah!!! Awesome way to start the show! Great job !
ohh Brian is the one that emailed me! Brian smith
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over how many miles of DNA? What's your guess?
Newark's Best Kept Secret...El Pastor Patio!!! Party!!!
Hello. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thanks for this Alex. Glad you found it interesting. Wish things had gotten better for Jazz in the 7 years that have elapsed.
Those other topics: #art #culture #books #media #writing #criticism #lgbt and more. That's my new plan.
RT Chien-Ming Wang plans to make his next rehab start Thursday at Harrisburg.
We're excited you're coming!
♥ Love your twitter! Very detailed and informational.
Who would you rather scissor? or ??
couldn't agree more "Nights like these are perfect for baseball games...someone #getmetofenway"
The 11th Annual Dog Days of Summer is Here! Enjoy 2 for 1 drink specials on house cocktails at Twins Jazz Club Sat. Aug 7 - Sun. Aug 8!
That moment where you are alone at night walking down the street preparing for a ninja attack.
That sounds delish!
Celtics will kill you Philly..
soon! lol I've been over there a lot lately.
we have to see about gettin you up here inbox me!!
“: #FF because she's pretty & seems like a veryy good friend ^.^” aww girl, your soo sweet & pretty too <3
isn't that game kinda like warhammer?
Lmaoo ill be alright
so poetic. you're such a writer! but i'm pretty sure you made some AP mistakes...
Did you enjoy the gorgeous weather this weekend like we did?! Sunday Funday was a huge hit on our patio!
yeah i will pass
Officially counting down to the school library internship. I'm excited and terrified. 1/24 and the shit hits the fan y'all.
you're too funny haha!
RT : this nigga is in his GLORY right now! hahaha My nigga
Some exciting numbers: has gained more than 600 new followers in the last six months.
People are getting sick of the Newt/Romney Show
agree, but semantics is best left 4 technology rather than word play...#dreambig sounds better than #envisionbig.Touche!
Missing and Hyperbole and a Half, hope you're doing well!
hahaha I would have brought them back
is seeking two/three interns for fast-paced marketing company in Georgetown, DC. Social media, writing required. DM for deets.
When I grow up I want to but a HUGE house with a TON of land and rescue dogs from the kill line and get them re adopted (pref. pit bulls!!)
David McIntosh Promises to Serve No More than 6 Terms If Elected To Congress, Signs the U.S. Term Limit Amendment Pledge
This Mexican boy just told me i'm fucking cute lol the way he said tho >>>>
Texts btwn me and Mom... Me "Can I use blue Prismacolors for eye shadow tonight for my 80s party?" Her "Better use acrylic." #i<3myartistmom
is there a way to meet you at spin before or after a show for us underage #RPDR #fans ?
woo that what i was waiting for
RT : RT : Don't forget - tonight is the Teen Volunteer Fair at the Hockessin Library. We hope to see you there!
I've wondered about that myself. I notice that a great many posted comments are spamulent in nature.
Thank you for the follow
Kings will meet New York in the Cup Finals. I'll call that without a doubt now.
Met this AM with ED of Bflo Grassroots Gardens...putting our many MT lots to good use, like healthy food. Good work being done in the B-Lo!
"When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt." ~Henry J. Kaiser
Knicks get destroyed by the raptors and the bucks destroyed charlotte!
Did you know that the average woman smiles about 62 times a day, and men only smile about 8 times? Do you agree?
#WOTD: A #Wilco fan can help ya RT : Cool, since no one with a car wants to go see wilco wit! h me, I can't go. Just awesome.
. Great point! That guy's done!
Ignorance is love And i need that shit -Kid cudi
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Well, Julie got home last night from Nebraska (of all places!) with her new toy... A new Corvette convertible!
I can't believe how significant this game feels, considering it's only round 1 game 2.
Since the world apparently won't end before tipoff, let's bring the #rapture upon the Mavs! #ThunderUP!!
no no honey , just no
will be attending the last Tuesday in the Plaza in Healdsburg, goodbye summer:(
love this motto! I will join you in that! <3
“Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.”
never mind. I see paper.li can you profit from that?
Ocala, FL- Need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
i might as well be an only child..
Why does this kind of action happen after the fact~ Americans have been eating this foolishness 4 years!
The alkaline diet and what it does
Considerations that need to made are how to tackle the massive amounts of information being produced online today
I'm also kind of wondering what the 13-year-old pictured is doing in 5th grade.
today should be the day you follow me(:
Yes! +1 “: So awesome to be at ! Stoked to finally get to meet in person! Tweety Got IRL Friends! <3 #BigOmaha”
Perspective check. CNN's "Breaking News" banner is this: "'Modern Family' wins the 2011 Emmy for for best comedy series."
Bb is up again, temporarily. Switching servers was not as seamless as they had implied.
elders/HT's. not as personal, but just as good
you gots to chill. That my shit right there
thanks man! looking forward to some forest solitude.
wow only 6 minutes?! That's crazy!! Oh well, we'll catch her next one :)
this is officially the most boring saturday ever
Woking on an interesting ml training set while watching war games.
so I wanted to tweet both you guys and see what's up with tomorrow. Tiny any ideas? Hahahahaha
Very cool! Happy #FF to you! RT : We allow dogs on our patio! Bring em by!
We believed then and now there are no limits to growth and human progress when men and women are free to follow their dreams. R Reagan
I so which he would remove himself out my life...
I wouldn't have to be so ruthless if you would just back off and get over it.
At least those of us in the 717.
Heading to NYC for Legal Tech; meeting Sonnet there to see what's new in legal research!
Reluctantly coming to twitter.
*clickclickclick* what number are you on now? If its even possible to count that high...
I want a blanket made from Alice Hoade's hair
Do women find other women with glasses more intimidating or less?
love you too sugar mama
#LTBroadcasts "On this date in 1911 King George V held his first court in Buckingham Palace." (5/9/31)
A nigga don't care wtf yo friends got to say tf? Idgaf about nobody input
im going to bed goodnight!
I'm torn ... is it really worth the trouble to make a screen-grab of 10/10/10 10:10 in one hour, or is the real prize 11/11/11 11:11?
Tweeting All Accessibility Champions - Let's Follow Each Other. Together we can "Open Society's Doors and Minds" to barrier free access!
wins the Internet.
Patch the small hole in the roof
#30Rock writers: Just kill Kenneth off already. Geez.
Since it will be the Black Mamba vs. the Durantula, should the game be televised on Animal Planet?
oh, that's profound coming from campaign consultant! Follow the $
hey, check out my friend's new ebook on amazon: "You are a Writer, So start acting like one".
frankie beans is boarding He got to play with Boomer Jr and Stedman today
Need more followers
To the BPO. Director of Marketing
Drinking a Shiner Bock at Love Field.
No doubt -- it's much, much worse in the political realm, where things actually matter. Translate to Gov + Politics
You mean I won't get to see half of Copley's portrait of Paul Revere!?!? But the bottom half is my favorite part!
cant wait to see GCB
Who wants free sunglasses??? Look for us all over campus giving away free btownmenus goods! Ask about us!
I have tasted heaven and it is San Pelligrino Pompelmo flavor.
Guitar amp pioneer Jim Marshall dies aged 88 Another sad day : (
Taking a cold shower<<<<<<<
how lovely and true.
Maybe the most bro-centric press release ever written: "PENNYWISE TEAM WITH XBOX LIVE FOR ALBUM STREAM". At least they know their market.
welcome, lmao ! Yeah :) what grade are you in? <3
Ha! RT ppl r complaining about the snowpocalypse now, but in 9 months when 1/2 of them are in labor, they'll REALLY be complaining.
aye just chill my nigga we just clown ...he over there gettin salty...come on man we sapose to be brothers lol
The power of knowledge...
Can they fit on my 96 Carolla? RT : Damn near bout to give these 26's away!! Who want'em??
None of those sound like anything I would want to do during a workday with my co-workers, except possibly baton twirling. :-)
She aint you - Chris Breezy ~
yo call me
the parade was a blast! Hopefully you caught one of our beer koozies that we were throwing out.
wow congrats! Hope you have that Animal drum set saved somewhere.
I will be tweeting sporadically from the mn gop convention.
hey, thank you! Will you follow me too? ;)
Opening at 5pm tonight, with happy hour from 5-7pm!
Were all the sexy women at mentiion me and say hey
HahahaRT : My son on ,"When he sees or talks about Tebow, it looks like he gets fully torqued!" ....LOL
"I'M COMING BACK. Write it down in big letters". Well what is #YankeesUniverse waiting for...Mo has spoken!
aw I love her I miss u guys so much!!!
“: And just like that it got cold. #LAisaDesert”
J Montero leaves game after taking a couple of foul tips in same AB.
hate to see the price on an authentic. YIKES!
first of many homers at a #Cub. Congrats!
Stopped at a new Mexican Restaurant 4 some lunch take-out. No Corn Tacos on the menu. Too fancy for Corn Tacos, Señor?
did you need to borrow my snuggie?
like what the cartoon version of jersey shore??
CAN'T LIFE BE DRAMA FREE?-I WISH IT WOULD JUST BE FUN, NOT HAVING ANY HAVE RESPONSIBLITYS!!!!!!-DREAM(:NGU
yes another yr but like old wine its gets better the older it gets!!!
: a new twist. Haven't yet heard of a lawyer vampire. This your first book?
Everyone is telling me to get more active so thats the plan for 2012
# Who do u think will win the Semi-Final of Uefa Champions League Reply Barcelona or Chelsea
Lol.. he got a baby mamma now :p
Just picked up some great #books at #samuelfrench on #sunsetblvd. Ah I could spend days there!
"On the Coloured Light of the Binary Stars and Some Other Stars of the Heavens" (1842) by Christian Doppler
Just got a haircu finally :)
semi naked nerd pics will always be my vote. Hahaha
Q9. One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
up and tired but bout to hit the bed...
she's hot!
new ava and new username wdyt?
Alphabetical order #FTW!
Need suggestions for a laid-back, budget-friendly vacation spot for November.
never stop...but maybe take a nap!
Stop beating women.
After dling the new version of Effects from , I downgraded back to 2.7. Reason? I'm not paying them again for the premium version.
check your dms! :)
Got a hot date with the stage tonight- Palms Bar in West Hollywood 9:30PM. I'm gonna wear my Spanx.
Hating this Winnie the Pooh movie. Pooh is a fat, lazy piece of shit. Cc:
Your even drooling :D
Ah!!!!!! He smells like cheese!!! Can someone tell him to shower?
Omg to many kids in one place!!!!
The news is coming... just a little late because of earlier basketball. Stay tuned! I'll have your full 7-day forecast in just a bit!
RT if you thinking about someone special (:
NCAA has never approved of college fantasy football. They can't stop it. Protected by law.
thank you b!:) RT happy birthday to my b yeeee yeeeeee
#obamaFirsts - 1st president with no authentic record of birth
A very successful first read of our upcoming Troilus and Cressida went down yesterday, with the biggest Porters' cast (21!) to date.
It would lol.
Celebrating the life of a Princess to Queen Whitney Houston. I celebrate her victories, a mom,her powerful love for one man, and her gift!
After watching "Social Network" last night...er...um...I hope you're not like that in real life Mark Z.
“: as long as they don't cross my path.” You say you don't have a problem but your statement sounds like a threat
Great! Cant wait to see you! Will be Good Times!!
We're doing good, we are taking this beautiful tuesday off bc of all the shows we have RT : hey how are you guys
Over time, the skill level of everything improves. Poker, professional sports, programming, anything. So trolls will get better at trolling.
I'd absolutely love that tbh:) <3
Why me and her still single,knowing that we love eachotha but its already feel like we togetha
What traditional stereotype would you classify yourself as?
Slow motion for me.
CRASH: Proctor @ Meinig in Sandy
HELLO HELLO, HELLO HELLO LEMME GET THAT INFO SHOW YOU WHAT I MEAN!
“: This nigga on maury said.. "i sleep with my eyes open.. the baby sleeps with his eyes closed so I know hes not mine."WTF lol
Arsenio Hall + Bill Maher is AWESOME
how many scoreless innings did AJ go in his debut???
Hey guys! Follow !!!!<3 Means a lot xx
its already done :) . Do they all follow you ? (:
you could get arrested for that
cb_Mexico thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I honestly don't care anymore.
shit I will do that soon man haha
RT : If I'm walking with my head down and your head is up, why are we colliding?
i just forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me"
Only until you realize your worth, will you stop accepting less than you deserve.
SWEENEY TODD at Citrus was incredible! Congrats to the cast for an amazing show! :D
join the club loll
I watched you guys on ABDC 4 times already. you were AMAZING, i love seeing you on it again. <3
lol---mental note to avoid howler monkeys! (unless writing an Amazon setting...) ha!
That octogenarian and septuagenarian grandmothers can cause this type of reaction is awesome.
I just found pictures from 7th grade... Ew.
that is a great picture!
Good morning!!!!
Many good ideas coming out of our placemaking efforts to make the 36th & Falls intersection more interesting, beautiful and SAFE.
I am so excited for you guys. Blessings!
Queen Chief #americahealing U cd not be Indian in 1800s LA. Had to be black or white. Some went white, some black. Eugenics & survival.
Im starting to hate it too but oohhh well!!! so what part of india are you from?
#sxsw #Startuplife likewise!! See you tomorrow at cereal bar!
Photo shoots are so much fun! (:
missed you too I've been sick all last night and today :(
#Fact: this life we are blessed with living everyday is too great awesome enjoyable and 1 of a kind for us to waste it! Enjoy it!
Finally colored my virgin hair
Well, I think my marshmallow war strategy was extremely good.
We're geeking out over the Apollo in our studio right now. This thing is pretty amazing.
Maybe they're setting the stage for him to return to Punk'd.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :(
What Pasco County city was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film industry in the 1920s?
sorry I know nothing about that
Blessings are gods reminder :)
In honor of the manga that shaped my writing...my heart goes out to the people of Japan today, the 1st anniversary of the Tohoku quake.
awe thank you so much! *big puppy hug* :3
Where's the line between courage and stupidity? And not just physical courage and general idiocy? I'm not sure I know...
OMG, when I get home from winter it will be ramp season! Yes!
I guess it's her time right now and not mine. *sigh* :-)
I know! Had a nagging injury the last week & on Friday I had a contract obligation! I'll be there tues, wed & hopefully fri
#NP Say My Name by Destiny's Child
At least you don't have to pronunce anything beginning with the double "L" sound in Welsh. That's the hardest!
Ah hell nah, my mom just called my dad boo boo.
Does anyone find Winehouse's death odd?
"...his shelves/ A beggarly account of empty boxes/ Green earthen pots, bladders & musty seeds/ Remnants of packthread & old cakes of roses"
Hold it down for us in MA Big Deion. We're praying for you. Lights off!
Good news! Woodfish is completing the final mastering process of our 2nd album today. Songs 2 b released online thru Woodfish's website soon
A half hour into the drive home both of my girls are passed out
My moms still isn't back from Puerto Rico....
Let's go flyers need this
saw jim monday in Nashville - what a great set!
is selling Kind pints for $3. Help them kick that keg tonight!
and it just struck a nerve with me.
": here's to the kids who avoid going home at all cost."
We've had a great response to the special Katie. It should be available soon on our regular menu!
Lol me too. That works!!
The guest is Rashida Jones, Quincy Jones and Peggy Lipton's daughter.
all eric does is fuckin flex
Interviewer : "What's the mean thing you've ever done?" Liam : "I didn't say 'bless you' after someone sneezed"..
Congrats to my UConn friends today!
I know it's been a minute.
Don't forget, tonight at midnight, we'll be on The Katt's Local Talent Show!
from the looks of it nowhere
I must be in Spanish mode. I just called a number because it had an F next to it. Fone? Not ehstupid Fax - blew my ear off! (embarrassed)
Sounds cool! Going to be a film major?
25 is nowhere near old. You're just getting started. Heck, half the time 25 year old pay teens on tv.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
Hurray no RAIN! That means it is gardening time! #Madison #WI #Omaha NE#
Agreed! RT : So many hot consumer co's *only* on iOS @ the moment: Instagram. Flipboard. Color. Milk. Quora. Pinterest.
Come over NOW for the Hippocrates Cafe on the ground floor of the Pre-Clinical Science Building (next to the Dr. Mug cafe).
Order sent to Rachael in VA!
Have to tweet something on a personal note, please forgive! Forgiveness does not come with conditions, nor does it come with anger and pain
": Negative, distrustful, fearful, or degrading attitudes toward anyone work against the self.~Seth/Roberts"
There aint nothing wrong with me
I'm In My Grand daddy's, Blowin on that Grand Daddy, She Like Damn Daddy, Boo Man Got A Smooth Caddy... now she wanna
that would be me... I have kansas over kentucky though
applications already sent!!x
the whole point of that rant was to express the symptoms of my illness. Now go do something productive faggot.
anyone know of an app I can use to enhance iM0vie on the iP?
My Grandma gives such good advice, I'm so glad I get to read them in Twitter form.
And the only real bad ones were the ones that he RT'd. I didnt see him RT any of the hundreds of nice tweets.
Had such a fun night with and ! (:
It is an awesome day in Badgerland, love when it is in the high 60's low 70's. Happy Mothers Day to all the moms.
I was thinking the same but thought it was me.
he was in underwear no homo..
There are those who quit at the 1st hint of an obstacle & those who conquer actual obstacles. Which are you?
Thanks! Yeah, it seems fitting to have bday Pi(e) on my bday of all days.
totally agree with wilbon about the Nike response
If I fart a lot. Is it that am getting the flu or is it due to allergies? My wife says it's from all the shit I ate. I don't agree.
Let's go #Bruins let's go!
Never seen a "grown" man cry so hard over a dollar...
hey i am following both of yall so can i have a follow back please
Hahaha what the hell bro
thanks for the shutout :)
Come Park at Peachy Airport Parking. We can give you a VIP Card. Also when your restaurant opens we can co-brand. We r srvng intl
blame it on April
I do freelance graphic design & that's my "real job". I also write t-shirts, write comedy, sell on eBay, etc. ADD is amazing.
LOL! RT : I bet Simon's milkshake brings all the girls to the yard.
Len, thanks for the RT. Hope all is well up in Boston!
ur up early
Get raped RT : Just MOABed one of Wiz's clan members HAHAHHAHAHAHA
I thought maybe you were just trying to shorten it for twitter ;)
i was studyin anatomy && that was only one chapt. && im still not done with it
The BK sausage egg croissant I just eat looked like it walked into a McDs & got the shit kicked out of it by a couple of egg mcmuffins.
That is a BLAZING speed!
We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
David Hale of NLM, crushing it at
i am dressed as a 70s rollergirl, i just took some jello shots, and i am on a party bus.
How people treat you is their Karma. How you respond is yours. - Wayne Dyer
hey but maybe you'll find a cute British boy to show
DONE! You guys are fabulous! Thank you and happy windy Tuesday!
Stevie wonder is my dude but it's time to cut the hair !
Your #Medifast Weight Loss Counselor will work w/ u to choose meals that best suit ur taste, lifestyle & rate of progress
I hope that wasn't a confession by anyone...
People who break your heart are not worth trying to get back because they could just break your heart again
I love black people laughs hahaha
Want FREE Holiday gifts. Visit Santa at Buddy's Rent to Own this Sunday (12/12) from 12:00 to 5:00, FREE Drawings every hour.
Your winky faces are hot.
Fun stuff! We'll have to add to the Holiday Lights website. Thx for sharing.
yea cause it's hard when your her daughter she can say no. I'm not getting over it I'm still pissed
almost got hit by a creeper van at walmart...
Big night for my Aunts, Carolyn and Edith.
THAT needs to change!
Finally on this since I made it like a year ago lmao
Mimosas make everything better. ;-}
glad u like pez which one did u get?
LOVE IT! All winning places, check out Paddy O's for the bar scene, awesome loyalty construct - spend $100 get $15!
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
you're welcome :-D
Just wants my best friend to come home now. 😢
Things some women do
Draw a mustache on the person's bird tattoo
seriously - my 3 yr old did that. humiliating!
how do you know they didn't? boom, roasted
King Tex fresh out the lock, grindin the block with new #Valentines mixtape coming VERY soon!
aww you rock!
There're too much bitches in this world.
if i get sent one more recruitment to work in upstate new york i might just have to apply.
Someone that i used to know-gotye so true in so many levels!
Okay, even though, it's a terrible day, happy birthday Julia Child!
exactly, banners on the wall..
Ha. What about like "try to describe this artwork in a text-based social media post with no camera." <- snooze
Yo where the barbecues at this weekend nothing but pool party responses .....le"go
What we create in our mind is what we paint for our future!
Will there ever be a way for server mods to add custom blocks without the need for players to have the client mod?
Don't be that person with the greatest looks but the most horrible personality.
lol ok ill be nice
Are you a Records Clerk who is a team-player with a personable attitude? Our client, a government contractor, is looking for someone like y…
Such a big fan of Apple Jacks. Always have been.
No need to thank me. If I RT is was my pleasure. Have a great day.
The chemistry test grades are on Edline. LMAO.
10 more minutes of #80sThursday! Finishing up with Van Halen, Bow Wow Wow, and The Motels.
Put yo guard down girl, put yo guard down
I MISS SAL
Great Event at Marcello's Chop house MDA raising Money and Awareness! #MDA USA. Also a great way to network for job leads for seekers!
Stricker really struggling with his irons today. Will need to make a tough up and down at 10 to stay even at TPC
Want to visit NYC in 2012? Enter our Photo Contest & WIN 5 nights in #NYC! See our FB pge to enter on.fb.me/u6SrRw
Strange things always happen to visiting teams at Heinz Field
why a ravens jersey
Back at 'cha! ;) And I look forward to seeing your work!
Duck News » Blog Archive » All Aboard at DUCK for Massive U.S. ...
It's Friday and we are working hard before the weekend (except for who is off to a chili festival! xo)
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. -W. Edwards Deming
anyone up for a #SuperBowl replay ? i still have enuff food to feed a hundred people !!! LOL
Just climbed a 🗻
Welkah! Put your bootstraps on!!!
The brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow will be on April 21th,after iCarly! It`s called 'iCarly' and it`s so exciting & funny!
me too lol. Got my fingers crossed ;-) haha
Wise people respect themselves because they know their value and understand their distinctive purpose!
we're in babies r us so then we can meet up
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
As much flack is I give Siri she's quite helpful… Sometimes
it's a damn shame
Not Really
can you bring your fondue pot? I'll get/make the stuff to dip in the chocolate
Reminder: Meeting tonight @ 7:30. Great time to be come check it out or become a member..hint hint
Woohooo watching the
Fact: Some of the most annoying people in the world shop at Whole Foods.
Good lord, this The Five show on Fox News is terrible. it's like they took their cue from ESPN: talk a lot, but say nothing.
Thanks for the shoutout!
< lol boy u crazy!
+ what a perfect sunday
I’m always afraid of failing. It’s great motivation to work harder. - Mark Cuban, Co-Founder of HDNet
it'll get good! In so happy I'm in a story like aobdkaydiauns THANK YOU BO <3
Gentrification on a global level? Can't even stop it at a local level. Sad but true....organize, prepare, be aware I guess.
#TXLege #VoterID In Vegas, they pump oxygen into the casinos to keep people awake.
Pb and Jay is diggin at the Junction South Boston
I love coming home to the sound of fried chicken <3
housing hunters call an sister up looking for a place suck
And the Cubs take the lead on a STRIKEOUT! Go
thank you :)!
I hate waiting for the cable guy to get here. I feel so alone without my wifi...
“: Vanilla yogurt + granola w/ raisins = hippyish, but yummy.” add blueberry and bananas and I am there.
People working in education know human nature the best. Educators rock!
SHOULD DEFINETLY FOLLOW ME!!!! On this fine day! PLEASE!!!:)
Congrats on your new project 8 Count! I hope to come in and meet you and Hieu for the bad dancin' host.
Q.6 What's on your culinary wish-list this year? just looking for stainless popsicle molds!
Headed to the FSTA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) convention today in Las Vegas through Wednesday. Look for updates daily!
The Rangers are stressing me out...
Ever since I found this 2009 scrapbook, I've been in the mood to do more.
TRUE BEAUTY IS SO NOT COMLICATED.
�May the bridges I burn light the way.�
I fully support the NBA talk. Wish you did more... But that would require us actually having a team. Sigh.
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy , Dont jump on someones lap and frighten them lmao and dont hit them haha. Yes iv done that .
Mediocrity sux and allowing it to occur is sad!
Happy Friday Tweeter. Hope this weekend is as good as the last!
Needs 20 followers! Follower her pretty face.
hehehe we are the studliest spies alive
LOL. Sucks to be you
I've becomee a person , who gives it her all .
Stop that. And look to see where the ball is. Please and Thank you.
congrats Lady Aztecs! Mtn.West Tourney Champions. city of champions? Quite possibly!
eeeeep can't wait baby! Im bringing my lives savings with me lol
Cuz he know that it be a rap when im ridin it from the back . oh wait lemme see your phone cuz all them bitches is ratchet.
Note to self: take care when photo-ing just knees doing a hilarious dance. The resulting pic may appear like something else was the target.
Too soon?
Darn, Katie. Hope your day gets better!
I hate spammers. Quit tweeting me!!!
K... I give up I can't do a hundred tweets in an hour like some of u tweet heads...
yaaaaaay! i have mucho experience babysitting newborns, FYI. just saying. ok bye. xo
I was Joan of Ark in my former life.
many would argue that "quietly and privately" goes against a core mission from the gospels: evangelize the lost. Unfortunatly.
I just honestly am not in the mood to talk to anyone.
RT Most A&R's can only get u a placement if ur music sounds like everything on the radio. Be original vs. Compromising for a check
Thank you, son. You are an amazing man of character. Keep living for the sake of comedy, by God's design.
Weird Day, But Fun!! :)
! RT : I support Darien Brockington and his choices regarding his spirituality but I wish he was still making music.
no hate
Excited to hear from Jordan Boyd-Graber next Tues on topic modeling. 12:30pm (MT )
In those Fly Over States <3
p.s. you ladies always get WAY more kick-ass boot styles than us chromosomaly challenged men ;)
Just submitted a fix for the "airplane mode" error. Awaiting review from
White skirt + orange pop = don't mix
We're OPEN for business! Check us out, VACOEDS.COM!
What "world" series? It's a myth. The baseball championship of the Americas outranks a national baseball championship between league teams.
AND HOW.
haha well it'd be different if you started when you were young, you know? but yeah...these guys are amazing.
Sometimes its good to be out by yourself. You get to relax and don't have to deal with anyones bullshit.
National commercial audition this morning. All digits crossed! :-)
Hey, Pat, if you get injured from the diarrhea flying out of your mouth, it would serve the right.
RT : is waiting to record the Mostly Comedy podcast, with and Good times.
no nothing is wrong
Making the Printing Industry Affordable For Everyone..Banners,Magnets,Ebook fulfillment,Invoices and much more.....
Congrats!! I've lost another 1.8 lbs. That's 12.7 lbs this month thanks to and
Hey guys what are your ideas for shirt designs?!
Indeed, hope all is well, cheers mate! -CK
The perfect fan backstreet boys or music of my heart by NSYNC and Gloria Estefan
I'd like to have my brand involved and maybe even my artist on future events.
- why so buggy? Rather than launching new products, can you fix the ones you already have?
Doug Reside on "Becoming a digital curator for performing arts"
The world is out of
Eenie meenie miney moe, you aint nothing but a hoe, you think you're cute, you think you're classy, newsflash bitch, your fucking nasty.
Sorry for the lack of content guys. I assure you, we are still alive. Just lazy. Stuff coming soon.
Biggest female badass: Michelle Rodriguez.
Anyone else have trouble with godaddy web hosting? I lost all my site content even tho I backed up, and I have email problems daily. :(
Ha ha ha. I'm waiting til someone else figures out to get a tutorial.
Time for the Friday music question. Surf guitar legend Dick Dale turns 75 today! Favorite surf/beach music?
Great news! Maybe a sign that the economy is starting to turn around and generate more work? Let's hope it's a positive sign!
please do! And I'm going to your homeland this summer!! Im so excited hahha 👍🇬🇧
I wish I were half as frat as the 1% :(.
Only one Answer! rel to Hot TrendsMore Tweets
Don't text me if you have nothing else to say.
ah too many video games!
Shawn and I got dressed up and are at a fancy hotel bar for the hell of it.
Dear , I will be your devoted #cookie customer so long as I shall live. #Macaron heaven. THANK YOU.
You gettin' your Deep Purple on at work?
Shouldn't that be pretty much true of anyone and their performance? Thank you high school art for teaching me this.
Trying to make new music. Overnight success takes 15 years! My time is coming..atleast it better be
There's a difference in promoting a d annoying the sh*t out of everyone.
The cheese buffet was not as impressive as in the past but still enoyed it
I was the one who came up with "Filthadelphia."
Is there any documentation / tuts on using less 4 with compass? I'm new to sass & scss. Not sure the "read me" on git is enough
Me too.. Good Night!
49er Pro Blow Safety Dashon Goldson was not taught how to tackle in HS, College nor the NFL, he was taught how to tackle in the 6th grade.
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Good to know we have fans on Twitter! RT : Oh, is here! <3 your stuffs! :)
It's National Merry-Go-Round-Day! Celebrate with the Jellycat plush Merry Go Round Collection. Ponies, lions, and owls OH MY!
It's a good thing is right down the road from the AAC. Got to have a few beers before
"Are We All Khaled Said" Social, Media, Dissidence and Participatory Governance in Egypt - Adel Iskandar
Niggas whinnin on twitter because they struggling to keep up with the new fresh competition. Lol, These Old Niggaz knees gettin bad.
Kristen Stewart always looks like she just sniffed a fart or is trying to hold one in
hey, how is she doing?
i forreal love you
Pictures R deleted, her book is deleted, number no longer exists in the blackberry but in my heart she still remains.. Moving forward
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale this Friday 5-21-10 241 Drinks gonna be epic!!
Oh wow… My dad just offered to let me see all the old letters my mom wrote him when they were younger… I don't know what to say...
Duchess is missing ):
To celebrate their 15 B-Day, Boloco has free burritos at 1080 Boylston St. Boston. Say thanks by making a donation to LIG Playmakers!
I really want a Scott Walker t-shirt. Is there a place I can get one beside buying online?
#CanIBeHonest tired of double standards! Why can't white folks use the 'n' word? Lol Like what up my ninja? Crazy ninja! Ghetto ass ninja!
& will be out of the office all next week! We'll be live-tweeting from NALP's Annual Conf. in Austin!
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. ~Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna scream!!!!!
No eating here tonight. Woo. No eating here tonight. No eating here tonight. You're on a diet.
I got off work 3 hours early. SWEET! Now I can spend more time cuddling and watching Ghost Adventures with
Focus on getting things done no sleep and no slacking to achieve the ultimate dream. #NoTimeToSleep#
follow? c:
How do u put pics on this thing?(: plz help
I will be spreading the love for from #spiceworld2011 today... Good times!! RAWR...
Sitting next to a music industry lady on my flight who helped Bieber, Jonas Brothers, and Taylor Swift get big. #menext?
the 'Reptilians' are feeding off of Manchester City fan's pain right now lmao. #Phillyphans know how u feel tho,
“There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.”- Nelson Mandela
"It is a terrific team with a lot of talent and I look forward to doing everything I can for us to reach...Stanley Cup." - Vokoun, 7/2011
Property Values: Real Estate for $800,000 An 1840 house in Providence, a Spanish Revival in San Diego and a Queen Anne in Nashville.
has no friends ...
"trollhunter" is fine and all, but it could use some boobs.
Attn: Museum gift shops, cultural/ historical venues...consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your gift shops.
152+ to 81+ minutes #grizzlies have led clips. Wow.
#Republicans are crack heads when it comes to #Oil. They can't get enough & don't care who they hurt.
RT Going out to Fallbrook Winery on Sat to watch estate grapes come in (Dobson's carries Fallbrook's Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay)
Tiz true. Tiz true. Someone should go to DC and take over. Nows a good time to impeach!!
pottermore is amazing. i'm in gryffindor. ;D
they go ham, i go gray
haha if I'm ever there I will take you up on that offer.
its not the greatest but at midnight i think it does the trick ;)
In elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else behind you was your b*tch.
So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!
doesn't look promising in Baltimore ..
Do you mind taking some pictures of the arena or line? Thanks it would be much appreciated if you do. Whatever you can get...
any chance we could get and on NVC today please :))
Your Mayor is feeling fine this Saturday morn. Heading out to walk in snowy Grant Park and gaze upon the handiwork of Big Bill the Builder!
YES, Fear the Deer..... did you watch on that busted TV or were you in ATL? How is the TV working now?
I want some chinese food
bitch I'm back on my grizzy
off to bed. so happy about the trends! love you always forever young :)
Haha. why's it stopped?
Ever since Six Feet Under was cancelled, I gave up on television. I just watch Maury and Steve Wilkos now. Ok, and Khloe & Lamar.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool. - Lord Chesterfield
#StuPidasso Bout to go ham
RT : % of rapes reported in the U.S.: 16. % of conviction rate for those rapes: 2. (Let's let this sink in for a moment.)
Flight delays = streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix
Hey , cap quickly before Ireland does.
Shouldn't you be working instead of twitter patrolling?
this marks the beginning of a new, huge sports rivalry between the #canucks and the #bruins ...
Yes, the online store is being worked on as we write. I am pushing the team to make it happen now!
Same! RT I haven't stopped listening to
Cuddling mood....
Misty's my new best friend. She hurt me...but a good hurt. My shoulder still aches, but soon it won't. Thank you!!!
I just died in tower of fortune. My hero was strong too. All the way back to the start. RPG + slot machine + 8 bit graphics. Awesome.
We're trying to grant Wish #9! Call 228-1099 to donate to the Make A Wish Request A Thon!
ouch! but yay nitrous!
i dont like the new twitter :(
