accessibility to an education of reality to allow people to comprehend the truth and make decisions results in good for self and all
Scan days are stressful, always that big sigh when the doc calls with good news.
#improvaganza is amazing!!! Thanks for bringing your improv back to us!!
You should buy them in another color if you got a 2 syllable damn.
my last tweet before I go to sleep. follow me??
lots of us ladies are loving it :-)
oh wow!! What class? You can have your phone out? :P
The next big thing in fish farming? - The National
so how many will win by next week? I'm going with 3 to be on the conservative side.
Good weather always makes me want to shop.
I've heard they're good live. I don't listen to Muse or Bright Eyes. Hhah
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💦
We'll be rolling around too! RT : Meet us at cathedral square for #streetfoodfriday 11-2pm!
Getting Sleepy but I wanna stay up and have late night convo with #oomf ha
"We go for a walk in the park" -even though it's fucking freazing outside
for Founders event : Happy #PCBW everyone! With so many events to choose from, which are you starting with today
Was that Bone Crusher on my tv?
Oh and I've got a cover on my Facebook page! Zaona Lanaye Curenton is my FB name! If you add me tsll me if u a fan or not. - Zaona
Ahh, I'm just boring as f*ck!
Drank that wine you guys brought. Two glasses made me really tipsy. Good stuff!
I aint even sat down yet and he dunkin people smh..
Bummer day has turned into bummer night.
Boo. [hugs] Sometimes people just say things that hurt us. Just keep going and you will get there.
Arrived in Denver for #aejmc10 - presenting on Friday!
Darrel SAVE ENERGY. How would you like if somone turned you on and just left you there? TBailey
Sitting alone at lunch \m/
A2 I prefer to get my drank on at a solid local bar before hitting the clubs. Personal faves, or
If we were comparing roads to diseases, I95 south would be the bubonic plague right now.
Could be a big inning for the Giants. 3 straight hits and 2 runs. Giants now lead 3-1.
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.=)
I love Muenster cheese so much. Oh, wait. That's .
I was beyond fucked up lol that was this weekend at the tellys
lol so what did you fo besides union today
Wanna know a secret!? Anyone!? If so.. then retweet me saying u want to know!
Thanks for following us. Please tell your friends about us. Mark
ATL has a lot of good music & people, it would be a pleasure to visit again! :) RT : Come back to ATL soon! I...
she's annoying lol
'Why no Wifi? I want to FaceTime in the woods.'
Honor, Respect and Dreams Today.
sorry used the wrong twitter hah
my favorite snack. Ever.
If you don't like shellfish you get no sympathy from me. I was allergic to it for most of my life till about a year ago.
RT : Anyone see the new UPS ad where a delivery guy backs over Secretariat and burns down Abraham Lincoln's lob cabin?
no its not. Countdown until I see ypu??
Momma & stepdad is leaving Friday Morning !!!!!
New FL panhandle shows announcing this week! Going to be a fun summer!
Ceiling Cat pwns all. He pwns teh ceiling and teh floor and walls too. Forevur and evuhr. Amen.
aww I do wish I was there!
Good Day, Tweeple!!!!!! How is everyone doing?
Putting you out of sight never meant I put you out of my mind
bitch I didn't even ask u 2 come 2 my house (looks at door)
and we bet you feel great! See u on the mat!
Working on a project w/ JM & Nick...missing the rest of the boys of AG crew
wat's better etc....all types of funny shit lol u'll see I'll start a funny argument 2morrow w/ my homie Los he luv 2 argue
double parked over two handycapped spots...at a church
I think Dylan is having that too! He was eating bacon in his blog! :)
:) your so right babe
wat it do my niggas ready to burn one wit the fam and my man
thats not racist at all.. but if a white person said all these black people started following me, it'd be racist right?
I agree.
Was in NYC last weekend and was very sad I missed this. I hope it's fun!
me to RT : I want whatever jobs the "Never Miss A Super Bowl Club" guys have.
You're far away & if you can't see my face. If the world is cold but the sun shines the same. Shut your eyes, there are bluer skies.
Outside x) its cold, I'm in sweat pants nd Brendon's sweater :D
aw that is soo cute:)
Why is it so easy to recognize your flaws but not those of others?
My first presidential library visit! in Little Rock.
your gorgeous and I get called ugly all the time I cried today for a long time because I am realy sensitive
RT : "museums show us that a better and more compassionate future is possible." at
lmao that's some funny shizz!
Tried the cream ale last night. It's already got some carb and it tastes awesome! Double pitch is where it's at!
Happy Pride Long Beach! EqualityTV will be filming today and we've got a special surprise planned. Want to share YOUR Pride experience? Jus…
Lol i'll probably be nearly 50 by the time it happens. But what an awesome thing to witness in our lifetime! :D
#tastemakersKS that is what #socialcommerce IS.. The value of your brand, and how you can use it to your advantage.
"candy man" mary jane girls
Are you Looking for a way to Manage your Social Media Presence? Call (267)-592-2972
There's a new Ace of Base single out. I'm hallucinating this right?!
RT : So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Just hung out with Batman!
Lose the egg, Shine cc
Had my head buried in work for 2 days & now I understand the guy at the end of "Owner Of A Lonely Heart"
hey sh*t head, shut your mouth and do something productive with your time. what you're doing right now is BS and you know it.
Chilling with shwaay
do it
If you ain't help me make it, then don't tell me how to spend it
I feel so close to you right now ❤😘
I don't understand. Im sorry I just wassssnt paying anttentionssss.
words to live by
I have wished to know why the stars shine
it iz.... But we gotta instigate unity with our movement so we can reign n the Midwest n hold the game as long as the South
there in spirit!!!!
Hahaha. You and my name.
Call me whatcha want I don’t give a finger in the middle
- Lol. I told you the Express ones were boxer briefs.
We want to watch on a TV not a tablet or iPhone. Watching TV on the computer is not enjoyable. Why buy XBOX when have ROKU?
Thanks to all who came out to the opening! If you didn't make it, come out the after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10pm!
And he's married to Maggie Gyllenhaal. So he has good taste.
would you be upset with me If I threw a potato at you that said " I love the Irish"? I hope not, cause I just might :) jk ily
lol now I probably have bird flu. Did you read those two chapters in English?
I believe in love at first sight because i've been loving my mom since i opened my eyes. ♥
Drinkin Beer and Wastin Bullets is such a classic.
someone should text me :) ask fo the numbaa.
Spring where are you?
I know, bummer.
If you're going to send me a follower request, please for the love of cthulhu send me a message first
Zombie Land = Bad ass!!
Time to get my paint game right.
Suggest Three Septembers and January, the Emperor Norton story from Sandman
Hi! Looking forward to your posts! :)
yall really got the moat random dog lmao
Even though I don't know what she's saying, I'm just going to RT everything says
I feel better..... Tank god.
I feel the same way Lol
Q2 See, in the city, I don't want comfy furniture. I have to think, "Someone's gonna pee on that".
Off to the city :b
We have a winner! RT : it was commissioned to celebrate the centennial of the Statue of Liberty
Ray Allen was trending earlier. Now Jerry Stackhouse. When are Glenn Robinson and Sam Cassell gonna trend?
it is, I dare say for many of us, both
Hey all!
RT : #whendiditbecomecool to be mean? --sigh-- Glad I missed out on that.
Not sure what I'm winning by tweeting #thevegasbash...can it be to have not show up?
“: C'mon Caps!!!!!!!!” I like that RGIII is already rooting for #DC teams
I'm with nd
haha I'm coming! Hope I don't drown.
Shake are u gonna get a table too?
Where is the pig, where is the pig? Where is the pig, where is the pig?
Happy birthday to my favorite Uk player of all time,
"It is a good rifle, and kilt the bear that kilt me. Anyway, I am dead. Sincerely, Hatchet Jack."
I'm posting because told me to share my annoyance that the Ebisu Garden Palace closed before I could ever get to it.
well I still think she's a little nutty. What is it?
have not seen it either; I'm good buddies with his agent who passed along that news to me last week
OMG. They said one guy gets to come back! It has to be David!
The crack-up: "His mouth opened to make a wordless noise that could have been anything, a yes, a no, or both." Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
Whoops I forgot - never break a rule.
Thanks! Happy Friday.
agree - best results out of classroom or structured enviroment
lettuce, tomato, avocado. I add corn salsa from Trader Joes to mine. It's too spicy for the wee ones
Today is yell at day.. I'm about to have it..
what is your opinion?
I have learned to use the word 'impossible' with the greatest caution.
following u follow back
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
School tomorrow boo! The math teacher is going to start talking about pie again and that makes me hungry for pie. ggrrrrrrr
on iCarly right now, then SNL at 11:30. What a great night :)
Oh its a damn shame you don't live out here. You'd be taken care LOL
they obviously aren't familiar with the concept, either.
what am I ): RT:: Wish I had someone to watch movies with..
It’s a beautiful #Seattle day - how are you taking advantage of the sun?
Im about to turn into an icicle . This class is to cold ! :(
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Every defeat, every heartbreak,every loss,contains its own seed,its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. -O. Mandino
want those chores done? Lol
Added some new shows to the schedule, check'em out
RT: Who my twitter world got in the playoff games today!?! <---Bears/Jets....leegggggooo
Wonderful to visit with Tracy Stober and Clark Sorenson of JKS today, and to meet other Koreanists!
Please remember to recycle your Christmas trees in the proper place, you can take them to San Diego State parking lot D off of Alvarado Rd
sometimes I dream of having a normal 9-5 job, and then I realize how bored I would get.
open an art gallery, a nonprofit, a publishing company whatever. You can be & do what you want just play pleasant.
Thank you so much. We're working on our EP now. It has a few new songs on it.
Say what? RT Slap my el... Slap my bow... Slap my elbow
Waking up to the last day of testing
Just wanted to thank u for having me present not one but TWO topics this year :) Beyond awesome!
make sure you know how to say it in español and you don't have your phone out. She's a crazy one
We're throwing a big Memorial Day Festival at Marble on May 28th. Want to join us?
Adam on Chelsea Lately made me fall off the couch in laughter. XD
When I wake up Saturday I will be in the best mood a human can be in
Gotta have it
i forgot like everything today -.-
Sending a warm hello to our newest followers!
will do!! Such a great talk
I hate hospitals..
Best rose bowl ever
Waiting for a text <<
cocktails at the dot for keefs bday tomorrow night!!!
yes please do! I'll add.
It's never the perfect time to start something
LMAO oh here we go again lol
Congrats Grizzlies!!! Amazing team! Love to see the underdog making it to the top!!
hey can u plz follow me and are u and the boys going the tour the usa in the future? :)x
Theater is a collaborative art. And YOU are mistaken. Most theaters are rather small orgs, like chamber music groups.
I think I was broke that time. So I'll blame my wallet. Independent of me.
The awkward momment when your tired and can't fall asleep.
No. 9 #Pittsburgh trails Long Beach State, 45-36, at halftime; watch live on ESPNU
yeah you called me a bitch. What's up with that?
My Statistics face.... O.o
It will be movie night I'd I can actually find a movie
your pineapple coconut water satisfies my sweet tooth & my thirst! I'm in love!
One last tweet before I get famous!
it was nice to meet ya this morning! Thanks for coming!
haha "the more you know" xD thanks. I really needed to know that .
haven't had my touch screen..now I do n I'm having a wanting to be social moment lol
caught in thee act!
💩 👈who had the idea to make this o.O???
thanks for making an audio recording of faculty session on reengineering.
Pittsburgh Is, indeed, a great place to incubate and innovate. Thanks for noticing!
turn up.
Getting ready to take wife to airport this morning, much too early to be up and moving!!!!! Coffee
make a drinking game out of it! :)
Cuz its a bittersweet symphony this life...
Good question from How does preservation stop being a movement and make it something that we just all do?
Close. Cutting wood all day can tend to make you a little mad. ;)
Hope you're ok! Xoxoxo
Ok dog, but how about "dawg" instead?
Unfortunately, as a chronically employed non-narcoleptic it happens... Thanks for the EXCELLENT WORK btw, it is appreciated!!!
what do you need me to do hun? you know you can trust me
until she gets a twitter I'm just gonna make up a twitter account for her... GET A FUCKING TWITTER!
Hm…hurt…
"Republican Asked To Resign After Red Light District Photo Surfaces" #huffpost The Party of Family Values!
Whats up with park patrol putting tickets on every car for blocks around Lake Calhoun today? Something going on?
he's amazing:) he changed my life<3
Thanks for the great webinar, Buffy - lots of great ideas and points to ponder
Happy Birthday to me lol!!!!!! :D gonna be 16 pretty soon
Guns & Horses: Watching Kentucky Derby coverage before heading to shooting range. AND it's Cinco de Mayo!
50th anniversary submariner with the green face. Big hunk of change!
they making it dog. Black L the man
Madeline Forester CD release party Friday April 10th. Free show, should be awesome. Some fantastic artists all at 1 venue. Boulder @ Brooks.
For every $5 donated to our film gets you a ticket in a drawing for a NEW Ipad2 www.indiegogo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
#Bruins #Caps tied at 1 after two periods. Here. We. Go!
Finally named a Ped Pal that best describes my personality Yes I confess, I am a Soap Slut smells like yummy sweet Apricot Fressia "yikkes"
hey china i love that name and i was wondering how old are you???
this android is awesome lol
RIP Cliff Robertson. Native son of La Jolla passes away at 88. Watch PT-109 & visit Soledad Memorial plaque in his honor.
Praise God!
excellent! love you leslie!
It didn't even rain today. IT'S HOT AS FUGE OUT THERE lolol
So they say I'm gaining weight that's what happiness do to 💁
Yeah, that sounds abt right!
cool just let me know i got you
my giants are going to win. Also big shout out to my main man for running the NYC marathon. We'll spar soon
#Ijustloveitwhen someone feeds me :)
First break of the game. The #Aztecs trailing the Broncos 6-7
That's the American Way, don't u know? Corruption only works if u pay off BOTH parties!
not even..I texted you back the other day
wishing my momma a happy Mother's Day!!
agree in screening our film?
On Twitter for the first time
For some reason I'm not sleepy...
Just Lyrics tonight 7 to 10. Good looking band coming on around 8:30. Check website www.randomrow.wordpress.com.
rock it, girl!
why is my room the coldest one in the house l:
I watch u daily. But u will 1 day realize that ppl dont pay attention to the Kellers of the world.
Home from the cruise...back to reality
meant he's in Ohio. Argh. First he's dead then he's in Ohio. Don't know which is worse?
Turf toe you can get from any sport... Not just in football. It's like a strain in your big toe.
"when you're busy making other plans" "I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round n round"
“: #Oregon's facilities are amazing. I can see why people would want to come here for the "cool factor". #sportsbiz”//try okla st
open today, Sunday, May 6 from 10A to 5P for early voting. Come by after church services or brunch. We'd love to see you!
Excellent expose on the economic impact of sky high energy costs
If you do the Polar Plunge, you deserve to throw on
I'd catch a grenade for you!" Normal people: "Awhh!" Me: “WHY WOULD PEOPLE THROW GRENADES AT ME?!”
I want to see some more senior pranks.
Have you ever tried talking to someone in a club/concert? Yeah its hard. Calm the fuck down about it.
This asshole ex-boyfriend who inspired this album needs a grammy and a thank you, show him some love Adele!
is even her book green? That would be impressive. Rock it, sista!
Thanks for the Lynyrd Skynyrd God&Guns tip. Epic album and rare that I like every track. Dark Side was the last time.
Yay! RT : Did you get tix for #LACMAThroughTheMic w/ 3MG ( ) on Thursday? Hope so, because it's sold out.
Can't find the cat brush. I bet the dog ate it. I wish I could take it out of his allowance! This is my alone time with Sylvia... no brush.
I make the best grilled cheese ever ;P
so you are after the phones of all Americans ? ha ha
“: I caught the last minute of it & wondered where it happened?” one on Mayson Ave. Then a second one on Hawthorne St.
Is it just me or does Russell Brand look like a crazy serial killer?
Big daddy kane
Ran into the wrong mf today
Apparently, when I say "I work for myself" it comes out as, "I have nothing else to do but talk to you all day."
Degrees aren't required in the film industry. What you need is professional training on feature films, which is what we offer.
The best things in life aren't things <3 I could never remember this till the day I got your love <3
Red, white or blue --- which patriotic color is your favorite fashion color?
re: how to refer to usability testing: keep it as generic/neutral as possible: session, study, evaluation, meeting
Reza: Has your recent relationship w ur father broadened the outlook in the Persian comm to accept people more for who they are?
But today is errand day! First on the list- getting my hair done before our engagement pictures on Sunday.
RT : Silver lining of a Rose Bowl loss for Bucky? Last time that happened, the Packers won the Super Bowl
So one of the benefit of being #unemployed right now.. watching as much MARCH MADNESS on TV as I want!!!
Back from Los Angeles
there's stories to tell, we been through it all.
just DM'ed you!
I would buy those just to wear around Christmas time.
March 6, 2004. A water taxi capsizes in the harbor, killing five.
Gotta do My hair.
« The #NFL Schedule released today, which game are your most looking forward to?»
is reading the Elections Canada Act. (From start2finish.) Say what u want about how often we use it but Canada has a great electoral system.
Just announced! Arma is playing SXSW week in Austin TX! Wednesday 3/16, 6:30 at the Trophy Room
do you consider yourself a good bowler?
That awkward moment when you can't hear someone so you just laugh and nod your head and hope it wasn't a question.
seriously a treat.
"In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins-not through strength but by perseverance." -H. Jackson Brown
Watching #cupcakewars makes me want to bake tons of cupcakes.
If I were to move, ima make sure I dont coming back
Running Quote: "Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it." Oprah Winfrey
All of em? Damn. I'm a beast.
Thank you Lauren! Wonderful to meet you.
supposedly chopped onion, garlic, ginger, chutney, soy sauce, mustard, worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and wine.
Like to see bubba pull this off
awesome! We hope you enjoy the blog!
And George C. is pretty cool too....
is it done?
Lucky guess. “: It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)”
These last 2 losses have made me angry!
finally put some music together until the site is done, check it out at http:/myspace.com/zacyoung.music... enjoy!
YES! can't wait! RT : Well just wait till I start playing virtual Barbie with !
Home Sweet Home, where you can look ugly, enjoy it, and fan girl over Justin...
Workin on a new song and its sounding b.e.a.u.tiful!
Overheard in NYC Thai Restaurant at 11pm ... 'I'm definitely going to have to go get Botox soon. A lot of it.'
Dear Ladies sitting behind me: it is just FAB that you are so rich & entitled to so much. Sorry you're persecuted for your wealth. But shh!
Ya buddy!! Let's get it!
heres to enough shots to keep the place afloat. Lee Bruce thurs and my mini celebration sat night.
Whewww, thank goodness! I burn pretty easily myself. Stood outside yesterday for an hour and my shoulders are pink!
“: I am not in the mood to learn anything new in school. #comeonnow #wereallydontcare #summer”
Drop by our stand, number D350, for some of our latest releases!
Fun fact: The USS Constitution once took over a Whiskey Distillery in Scotland, stealing 40K gallons of scotch
yeah :/ RT : Lol, I guess you meant *you saw a dude with cornrolls" « RT : I just a dude with cornrolls
Sensing some jealousy. Are you upset you didn't get some free delicious tea?
✔ unemployed, sadly
More MHM advocates r arriving. Press conference is on #Saveourclinics #OChi #MHMChicago @
“: #FatGirls hate the song "Work out" by J.Cole” lmfao the best one yet! Ha!
I slept through most of New Mexico. Thankfully, I wasn't driving.
u look thick ass hell I would boat you!
"The Dignity Must Return of African and African-American Educators" - Dr. Sharon Minor King
Do it! Do it! Do it!
Finally in their place
“: Leyland confirms Doug Fister will more than likely start Monday in Seattle. #Tigers” YES!!!
Thanks so much!
Everyone follow my bro
Trust me...we will. I want my shit done first before starting that! lol
you too cute shorty(:
Might take you up on that offer lol.
Sorry, I'm not doing a good job tweeting this great talk & so will hold off, but +
I swear that takes my breath away.
ima a girl. i overreact. i underestimate. i overestimate. i over think everything. i dream big. and when i say i love you, im not lying.
i dont get how she so famous on twitter she only met Justin bieber that's it she don't know him personally u kno duh-.-
Enjoying listening to at the IU Libraries In-house Institute
What Happen To Jerking That Used To Be The Shit..! #You'reAJerk
thx and there is SO much good off road
There's a spider in my room so I'm scared and decided to sleep in the living room. LOL!
- Breitbart is a joke. And a liar. How anyone can support Breitbart is beyond me.
Jelly-filled donuts from the Mennonite store are THE BEST.
thanks for coming! Good to see you!
missing your chance..
perfect time to head to #xfinitylive to party
oh well I thought u would know since it has a picture of u in it
Thank You Father For Your Gifts And Talents Given To Me. I Present Them Before You. I Walk In Increase As Your Son To Expand Your Kingdom!
lol. Who put you on cwaig! P.s I'm hitting u up this weekend about the trip
Working on website for new tub/tile/sink resurfacing business in Louisville. Let me know if you're interested in their services! Gr8 people!
Breakout sessions: XML in same room on 1st floor; Oral History and Omeka sessions are on 2nd floor, someone will point the way.
great movie and I'm British haha!.. Norman Reedus and Flannery did a great job!
Terry - I am catching up late - but know from life that Fats Waller helps. Always. My grandfather Carleton taught me so!
just sent you the email! See you there!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that never shuts up long enough about their life for you to tell yours
YES HAYLEY. MOTHER FUCKING YES. ok? YES. not no. YES.
This fog makes me horrified that I'll turn a corner and be attacked by zombies.
Take the 2012 WOMAN Challenge. This is challenge is much like the President’s Challenge with a little twist. Meet your physical and...
good luck
Sounds fun. RT : #BurgMYT Score 9. Had 1.5 hour intense dance class for "fun" exercise and managed to eat well.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me36
hahaha you're welcome ;)
Irish American Images calenderfor on LuLu.com with beautiful images for 2012
Warm tonight!! I hope this great weather holds up! :) #sunshine goodnight folks!
I had pretty close to an emotional meltdown when I realized that i forgot my m&m cookie from corner bakery on the table
Congratulations! RT : Named Business of the Year by Fishers Chamber of Commerce. Very cool!
Not at the table carlos!
That's acceptable. Go Ducks!
Ok, I might have jumped the gun on the website "later this week" post. LOL Our Digital Media company just called concerned. Ha!
Yes, there's that for sure! RT : Hurdle for me as tech dir was always admins super-scared of social media
Breakfast makes me sleepy
Woke up and Looked in the mirror said "Wassup"
Homework flow
I didn't know people still took the WWE seriously...Oh, that was the GOP debate? My bad.
The Heat are on a mission!
you should live tweet yer date... I hear that always goes over well
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar 8:30pm Oct. 16th featuring Jesse & Andrew-Classic rock to the newest hits. Cheers!
Regional TODAY!!!
some of us are single because we are in the process of finishing up with our Master's Degrees and preparing for our PhD's. XO
correction: freezer
I can't wait to join
Thx love! will I see you on Saturday?
I love the sun and everything but this is really hot
*Sings out loud* I GET SO LONE-LAY! CANT LET.. JUST ANYBODYHOLDME
Barrett just said he won't be beholden to out of state special interests like Walker. Does he not want Union money?
You are amazing!
I have never been so happy to see my big king size bed #goodnight ;)
Pizza and movies at our house tonight. What are y'all doing this weekend?
get an inbox, ppl!
The online shopping experience is visually stunning - for a minute I thought I was on !
Joe says he is officially retired. Maybe that's code for 'he can't beat me' LOL Just Kidding
So be sure when you step, step with care and great tact.- Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!
When we watch the ICONic Boyz dance without Vincent... I can't even right now. 😔💔
or go on a one-year sabbatical every 10 years! The Europeans (some) seem to have a much better grasp of this.
"we need to start focusing on what this stuff means to a broader set of people." miracle cure is distant future; respect relevant now.
Absolutely. After all, we both want vodka. Clearly it was meant to be. So...do you have more than one couch?
This week is awful and it's only Monday.
your new twitcon is really cute :)
Hey Check out our new track on our Facebook when you get the chance :)
that picture needs a cat
Tap now...on me
WORLD PEACE
What a way to end the year.. married my best friend ! Happy New Year to all!! God bless!! #honeymoonhangover ;(
u dont love nobody
I'm addicted to words with friends.
had not planned on it - I don't recall getting an email. Maybe I missed it! Is it a good one?
OMG I FEEL SO EMBARRASSED.
Charlotte, North Carolina
you sound colder than we do in AK! Now on to the chocolate sauce. Wish you were here!
Atta girl, Desi. The sun will come out, tomorrow!
hey you there?
Aaaaahh so that's what he meant by invisible children
pretty sure sex class teach was supposed to email us too...
great background...
Today I need a flashlight.
I've been there three times now and it's amazing! So dangerously close to work...
Chrysler's gonna be pissed.
Yup. Our two 2012 presidential candidates have thoroughly "evolved" on this #MarriageEquality issue, Only in reverse! Ha!
good article. Hope all is well with you and the hubby. Enjoying CA I'm sure. I know I would be.
thanks i am trying to get rid of my belly fat what should I do
Trying out Workflowy, UI and tutorial is very nicely done, think I'll start using this instead of Google docs from now on
Thanks for the RT today!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Mark Wickard ⁰Rising 11th ⁰East Lansing, MI ⁰Travel Team: Elite Nation ⁰Point Guard 6’0
Good example - some of the longer clips Rob has put together are very good
same, the 20th. interesting tidbit: was reading hardt & negri's book 'commonwealth' and your aunt irene was cited. fun fun!
Every time I've gone to recently that song has come on. It makes me dance in my chair. : )
I'd be more into CSN&Y if the "Crosby" had been Bing Crosby.
yeah no more baby cay :(
:O Thats A Waste of Cake.
Nice to meet you too. Yep, that's me... always ready to give some blog love ;)
If God didn't plan on using u to score for Him, nobody & nothing would be tryin to block ur shot
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
We only called him that when he was in trouble.
Hummus & champagne to celebrate the end of the semester. Why don't more people stay in school, again?
Chuck, was great 2 meet u last wk. Congrats on the new gig! Would love to tell u more re: our social enterprise. Pls DM w your email
Shout out to my main man, Devin Hoeper for doin the awesome work he's been doin, lining up shows and recording and what not!
Probably didn't need that last shot of moonshine.
I've been wanting to go have drinks at Magic City. We just might run into John Secada or Albita!
YUP!!! MEETING A COUPLE HOMIES OUT HERE
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by NEETTA BLACK - (The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)………."What Does It Take To Be A "Black" Man?"………
RT New episode Giuliana & Bill 2night on STYLE @ 8/7c. One of our fav episodes! Retweet to win signed copy of our new book:)
: Thanks for the follow - and following back. Look forward to receiving your tweets!
Just one month till much anticipated mixtape #HatersMotivation is released .
POM on sale at Target. May treat myself with a cocktail or two tonight.
hey nice to see you here! :)
30 miles to Portland. What a night. Boston, you have our heart. You always did. Until next time, old friend.
work that foursquare !!
I'm glad to have search engines to check if a phrase has been used. "One App Wonders" For a minute I was quite clever!
My ears are bleeding- please make it stop! (Tony's singing)
if you have on your social media you guys are in good hands
the only bad part is its staying on my record
wish we could have been there Brie! Have fun for us! ~yd
You don't love me, big fucking deal. I'll never tell you how I feel.
outside! Been in an office too long!
thanks Nana.. Love you too!!
What sites/apps do you use for that? Socrative?
Whatever ! Don't listen to him. Am I supposed to tell you it's good not to want to go to school? No! I'm not
So exciting! Hope everything goes great for you!
this title changing crap is so annoying. Seeing the title change this much makes me want to stop watching.
thanks to Noah for sharing his birthday with Ethiopian orphan relief! That's some serious bricks be donated!
Rocking my Money Gettin Kids shirt to skew todae s/o to Damon Steen #MGK Clothing.
thanks so much for your support! #muchlove :)
thank you!
Rihanna To Be The "Fast Six" Villain?
that was scary as hell...
Setting up for the NCAA today, walkthroughs tomorrow and open practices Wednesday!
Hanging out at the Westminster Flower and Jazz Festival this morning for Carroll Counts. Stop by!
I understand that you're trying to make me jealous . It's not working
Real woman now how to cook!!!!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
subscribe for what
Did not see your Facebook invite request yet. ... Grin.
...And on December 9th, 2009, all of mourned the snow day that could have been.
It was great meeting you, Jenny! RT My brain is still jam-packed with comedy theory & practice thanx 2
Do you think the Love Guru will make a cameo? Or will he be the villain?
Banner: Tomorrow the dream comes true. God bless America.
varsity cheerleader with my best friends and 😘💚💛
Dear Mitt and Ann: Don't say "Trump" or "money."
Thanks, , although I'm biased towards #BloomingdaleDC ;-)
Ello Twitterverse, I'm teaching a class at next week & need some kid-friendly Legomation videos for examples. Have any gems?
ohh ok!! yay!! love you! x
Revised a talk today to include references to Steven King, Gingrich, and Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer. Feel much better now.
#MyPastRelationships Taught me how to act, what not to put up with, taught me patience, made me sweeter, and meaner at times.
Talladega gets ready for the Ballad of Kurt Busch
Don: Lots of people who haven't taken LSD already know that, Roger.
"Klout believes you are influential in Steak." They just make this shit up, right?
: Oh no another wolfman came up to me and now he's trying to eat me. Go away Wolfman. Ouch. Stop biting me! APRIL FOOLS!
lunch this week or next? i want to hear about your new years :)
no, I misspell and get pissed even more at myself. I was originally just blowing you shit by being a smartass.
#justpainted my nails and probly not going to school tomorrow!
Weekly special: $59 Sky & Sea Facial. 60 minutes of pampering! Add a peel for only $20.
I love the feeling of not having to set my alarm and waking up at 2:30 in the afternoon
The Chemistry of Life--we are all connected; to each other biologically, to the Earth chemically, and to the rest of Universe atomically.vSB
Roast Coffee, its on Maryland and Locust. Delicious breakfast sandwiches!
All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards.
she loves you too
Did i read that correctly, or does anyone give a fuck?
I think forgot what date we set for Tennis!!
I found that there are a couple places in LA that can be shot looking like they are Australia...& 1 could cut together stuff...
can't wait to see her room! Twitpic it....
Awesome, enjoy!
Just wanted to thank you for your AMAZING presentation at GBS! My mind & my business have both been transformed forever!
Follow me My old account was for demo for class only!
Because words are small...
We do have some merchants currently using BoA, so you should be good to go with them!
umm joy thats fine and all but i umm think you just put your arm in dog poop.
Me and my friends are sitting in our school auditorium in a high school right outside of Nashville, wishing you were here t ...
special skills RT : Where do you put that on your resume?
Hey man it's been a while. We should hang out soon!
Going to have nightmares of IU, Baylor, Louisville, and FL. FML.
We're lucky that it always is around here! Cheers to you!
hi u still in Florida message me
I did not tweet Boiler Up. Looks like I have to think of a two digit password to stump my Purdue friends
OH MY GAWD! -Abby I'm using my iPod and keep getting notifications
Definitely pulling for the pacers in this series
I ordered an L from the site. Tell the bot to get to work, I want that new HOUSE OF BIRDS shirt!
timeline is full or #spurs support, i love it!
it's hot in LA today. cool and inside, working...
lol that was me!
BAH! I hope your booty gets on TV. Lol.
On the road to MA, listening to Dora the Explorer.
his anc relection bid should include the tagline "helping the community by moving you out of it!" Be sure to toss them in his yard.
I want to feel wanted..
He would've been if it wasn't for you, bitch. He's gone cause he went and fell in love with you. You are a toxic disease.
Loved the #Scrubs reunion on #cougartown tonight!!! Awesome.
heard you're in the vicinity...pay a fan a visit or what?
I'm at the Marvin Center. I'm here with Sirius XM
How you gonna take a pic of yourself in a dirty ass mirror?
I really don't know
Introducing my remaining Film Criticism students to certain Black Knight.
First I need a hug, then a miracle, and then a diploma.
Josh Hutcherson had a deviated septum; he had it his entire life. That's why he had to get surgery on his nose.
Heading to bellagio/aria to hopefully play some PLO. Will settle for nl
Heck of a race.
I like that I'm playing Ramapo College in Mahwah, NJ 2nite cause it means I can keep saying "Mahwah" as much as want. (9pm, Berrie Center.)
What a lazy Sunday!
Call in number for the show is 646-929-0368
My classes are full of idiots. I need to take honors.
Why are you so hurt over someone who wouldn't give one fuck about you.?
The boy had a sleepover last night and his friend is one of those kids who I could adopt - so easy! A blessing for the work-at-home mom!
Green Renaissance Fair, 9-19/20-2009 we have center stage for the city of Portland www.green-renaissance.com/fair
Oh yes, because everybody loves me.
I am so proud of U I could just *faint* _________________thud
yeah dude, you know who he is - which other asian dude did we used to ball with all the time late as hell?
preTTY MUCH EXACTLY SAME
Looking for a space for a new art-therapy non-profit. Do you know if there's anything near Woodburn? Like a level of a house?
do NOT wake up carol.
The SAGawards inspired me. I'm definitely becoming an actor.
i am good thxs,
What's w/ these obscure Italian composition competitions that send you unsolicited applications? I get asked to apply to like 2 per week.
Playing tonight! Come out! Birthdays, drinks, and a Dunk Booth will be present! Good times for sure!
In the mood for some Ale House food.
Okay Rays, let's do dis
Sure, I'll go all the way to Philly at a moment's notice, but when I'm out of food and cherry coke, Safeway's too far... *whine*
beat you to the punch son
#BritneyBio is trending in Philippines! ' 45 minute biography just aired on philippine national television. Well done!
Technology itself is not a solution. Quality journalism is the solution.
Saw them in action but didn't use them yet. BJGE doesn't get me excited though, lost Rivers too
Rise up my tweeps, time to grind!
when are you guys coming back to NY? i'd love to see you again!
Looking forward to rocking The Buccaneer in Memphis tonight with Aron Shiers. 10ish. Do it.
im not eligible as i am a radio dj.but just to play along "They just saw the 51st shade of grey"
do you have a question about hair or makeup? let it all out!! ask me anything!
Ken-Tool Offers Mega AirBlast Bead Seating Tool
Jord, I had a staring contest with you before the show in CT on the 3rd, I was standing on a hill with a ginger watching you(x
no you are!!! Can't wait to see you in LA!!!
iUndergroundReports.com is going to branch out from news-oriented video stories and start tackling the fun, the weird, the wild. Send tips!
think they should at least keep him until zucker et al make it. Unless they can get a stupid return of course
Good morning:-)
Birthday weekend festivities continue. Lunching and shopping with in DC.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Penis
must force myself to go to sleep but too excited about private weekend applique class with David Taylor!
Anyone we know? Lol
: So cool! Greetings from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
I turned that movie off after about an hour. I wanted to like it for 's sake but I couldn't get into it.
you will be missed. If you find yourself depressed, get help. -your friend across the ocean.
thx joey, great to meet you this week.
“: yo u gonna get an Oscar 4 this one Fam! Lol, nah but great performance bro!” thanks brah lol praise God
men with guns"; and about how the dad/husband in [SAFE] is played by xander berkeley, who had been known mostly for that kind of
Noted from today's Shuffle: 1. country music makes me cry 2. I've officially jumped on the Mumford & Sons bandwagon (was not on it at all)
shipped out your samples today. If USPS doesn't shutdown you should have them by the weekend.
Off to North Berwick with my family and :D
mad at the #am already
Delayed flights<<<<
Got so much planning to do. Hopefully everything picks up soon
Its so cute how you ignore me!!! Thanks babe! much love! xx
I'm getting the idea I'm not the target demographic for radio ads.
Do you have ANY more of the 'Eat Cake for Breakfast' Terry bags? I just saw it on sale and came back and it was gone! Help!
Then they put up twitter pages calling you a bald homo and prank calling you all night long? I call that childish.
Watch Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn answer viewer questions on Real Milwaukee today at 9am!
hi =) no i didn't! i'll have a looksy for it in a bit! miss yo face boo xo
Just starting my laundry at midnight.
haha yea I know you are
Aw, a baby girl! Are you loving it? :)
Studio time starts tomorrow!!!
Can't sign up as a member - the two words I need to type in don't show up on my screen - help?
I have been approved! I officially have an apartment!
JUST GOT UNDER IT OH FUCK ME
Muj, you should seriously just look into a career as one of those rishta aunties lol
I'm not gonna cry, I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna shed a tear
Are you have any caffeine withdrawals?
going to call radio for tickets
R.I.P. Alex Anderson, co-creator of Rocky and Bullwinkile. You are remembered.
Hey how are you?
Whirl up, sea-/whirl your pointed pines/splash your great pines/on our rocks/hurl your green over us/cover us with your pools of fir. HD
It's been a good day so far. Hbu? ;)
Going to see cats!!! It gon b good!!!
Thanks for refollowing me
If you believe in reincarnation, you should be very amused.
The good news is 6 fish populations were declared rebuilt. Bad news: 14% of stocks are subject to overfishing, and 21% are overfished.
You know... it's not my fault the doctor dropped me in glitter when I was born and for your information, I've been shinning ever since! :D
hahaha i like how you put that! lol YAY! cant wait to see youu! and i actually get to stay this time and hang out hah woo!:]
Presenter finds kids like to record their own commentary//Why not pursue that? Let kids experiment, be silly & imaginative
just rocked that on to the next one lecks freestyle at my gig. People breakin their necks!!! Legggoooo
What a gorgeous March day!
RT : Mobile has more potential to be useful for local commerce than even the web.
I just got mentioned on Colin Cowherds show...and that is exactly what he said. FRANK DA TANK, FRANK DA TANK!! LOL
Happy Super Tuesday! “Politics, n. Strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.”--Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
Aww shucks, thanks.
We all made it to 2012! Well that's something. Lets see what this new year brings us. I hope its good. I really do hope its good.
- yes, please ask him if he'll consider going into the Hall of Fame as a Redskin.
Having a boarding pass with no seat is united's way of being a total deusche.
There's only two huge reasons to watch The Patriot if you know what I mean and I think you do.
cause i'm marvelous.
“A poem should not mean, But be.” Archibald MacLeish, born on this day in 1892
as long as they support our boyss..
The smell of gasoline will never leave my hand.
don't forget obama v boehner.
happened several times today. YES i'm aware that I should be in bed asleep right now!
Thanks for the retweet. This was a fun article to write.
Undrafted FA FB/TE Ben Guidugli had a strong preseason and appeared to make the 53 with Rams. Being waived today.
Yes, and junk in your grandmother's attic. I like the sound of "Victorian Studies" & 19th century material culture.
I forgot how hard handwriting is.
what's good bro?
Congrats to , winner of the $50 Amazon card in our RT contest. Thanks to all for helping us share the great airfare deals!
Librarian, Archivist, Information Professional... Informationist... what label gives us the access we need to be effective?
its going to be a novel that shows no matter how different u think people are from u there can be one that is the same as all
that would be more PG appropriate. And hey, buttholes is just funny.
Lots of great Japanese food in NYC! Sorry I wasn't home in San Diego to greet you when you visited.
I'm giddy with anticipation.
Great comedy show tonight at the Brokerage Comedy Club!!!
Well, then just wait a bit, and you can have the infographic for dessert.
C'mon you ain't slick!! don't try to lie to me!! Or at least don't smile and laugh while lying!!
do you know about #2amt and #newplay? You will find many (sometimes too many) theatre conversations happening.
Too busy to keep up.
This is what hot weather does!!
what thaa nut. 😏
me too lol
you bet Adam.. and thanks for being such a good interview! Best of luck on your next fight.
A new children's book about the history of hair claims "cavewomen" sprouted blond hair to be more attractive to "cavemen." #whatyearisthis?
Students using media:scapes today to learn about #deathpenalty. They amaze me with collaboration, inquiry, depth, emotional response.
No problem :3
Spent the afternoon Skeet Shooting just for fun! Great way to spend a day.
This is your last weekend to check out ARTOMATIC! (I'm heading down again this evening) Also, have a happy 4th of July weekend!
What are the odds were talkin about legalizing weed
ps that was my 1000th tweet!!! Whoop whoop
Great opening presentation by Peter Ricchiuti for the conference. Makes me want to go back to college.
Agreed! RT : Sometimes the way you interpret things may not be right -- take a breather before u act
Now we get hi-yah call that shit karate.
pwetty please. Get some art on your body too!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
Person tht inpires me is Marilyn Monroe:))
when my dad gets called in to work and i think i get away with chores then he texts me<<<
& & a few others but didnt have enough room...lol. Ill let u know when I watch it though :-)
Music makes the world go around!
Did just tweet props to MSU from jail?
That is great. Good job w/o booze! If you're bored tomrw I'll be at The Riv! PS I'll get us Stellas when your booze hiatus ends
what's the hurry?
Research says that sleeping less than 6 hours/night can increase your risk of diabetes.
Jenny's afraid of water....
Would you give him the deal Albert Pujols got from LA? Personally I'd give him 5 years - that's it
sure :) what about? I just followed you btw :D
Let me love you down
I got to praise me some Jesus from behind a drum kit today! Good to be back!!!!
Congrats! RT : Just finished reading "Infinite Jest" -- what a crazy, epic, funny, sad, moving book.
Goal for the week: Grow a mustache. Okay, maybe goal for the month.
why you bein a #hater? Show some #Love to people... Hate spreads faster than love apparently....
p.s. I was at the Boston Cyclists Union gala a few weeks back but I had to leave before you got there.
Just got to krik fest where its friggin jammin..will be a good show!
I am liking all the love from the Twitterverse!!!
Hey ...Bring Back Ringer is trending WORLDWIDE!!! :)
Come join me for great happy hour specials at the bar.
Would love to see it, I'm sure Starr could use a little comforting from her Aunt Dorian these days! :D
after being considered by most experts to be weak in their respective field trumpet the virtues of the feminine mystique.
That is an incredible idea... low performing students need the arts to support a love of learning!
Dear how can I get a body like yours like its flawless like I would do anything to get a body like urs sincerely Abby! <3
My mom won't let me get wrisrbands for the signing... HELP ME..
Taco Bell
More military personnel have died from suicide in the past two years than in battle, according to recent report
I would love to see this as well...but...I just don't think it's gonna happen. Hope I'm wrong!
ten thousand dollar bet, not this again.
Thank god the patriots lost!!!
my kids are too. Except we are in a car!
Hey guys is on #twitter. Follow them for #goodmusic Keep rocking I'm definitely a fan!!!
r u talkin to ur friend on here
Amazing night for Philadelphia! W's all around!!!
You know what would go great with today's weather? Some 'Q from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint, of course!
Well, watching "The War of the Arrows" on Netflix while occasionally clicking on a button in "another" window. This is working for me.
son your drunk tweets are too much. Also come to my house to say goodbye before you leave.
...i just love him and care for him so fucking much, no one understands
thnx 4 the follow! Happy #styling ;)
going to lunh with my aunht my momma and
well if your mom wants to meet up let us know! Be safe down there.
I agree Playa !!
I Can Tell By The Hair ;)
pop goes the weasel until the weasel goes pop.
been there. I feel ya.
Look in the mirror. You're BEAUTIFUL. He may not think so or admit it. But thats not what matters. What matters is you know who you are.
I would drop a Kristen Bell reference in every tweet if I could.
don't cut it!
did u chose the wrong emoji!
...Sad to think that such people call themselves educated individuals!
that's what I was thinking too
gettin' ready for school! (:
Lol. It's ma first tweet in this account! Luv yaa !! You are my role model. :]
haha obviously lmao. Think of thick teeter dancing hahaha
Watching your videos<33 What are you doing?? :)
Klusoz block party going down
MCA has grown more powerful than we can possibly imagine
Coffee always gets me going in the mornings.
Left Miami now back in the O
Some guy asked me today whats so good about drake + I was like bitch plssssss, coleworld
It's a great day for a white wedding! So excited for you both. All on national fluff day too. haa.
Bunch of things coming together this spring involving my favorite Twin Cities new music performers - very psyched to work with them.
Oh great, Favre will see Ras al Ghul and get ideas about immortality.....
Waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep is the worst:(
thx for reminding! Trying to shake loose to make the event, if so - we'll throw down for sponsor.
Extreme Networks' CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
Ok I have my prediction for who will win the US open tennis finals. Is my man Novak Djokovic; what is your prediction let me know
You should invite ALL your Twitter followers over for a pool party when it's done!... or not, cause that might be creepy :/
“: I like librarians because they love to share ideas. There's no concept of stealing in this profession.”. So true.
#Cartier commercial on during #CelebApprentice . 5 minutes long. Now I want a diamond encrusted Jaguar. But I'll settle for a bedazzled one
Currently in love with " If I die young" by I'm pretty sure I've listened to the song 25x today at work. :( missed then in sac
I think I have worked every holiday at bdubs.. Go figure -__-
The tires didn't do the before, sides those big fat end fences won't cause flat tires. The bumpers are not worth it!
We all possess a unique trait we should use to build our business and add value in a way that no one else can.
why drag Wisconsin into this? They did nothing:(
Loving the pool! i get to read my kindle
Shes the reason why i smile <3
yesterday was a big day- sent my first news release and successfully edited in vignette! Sending healthy vibes.
yes cuz u wont get off ur electronics for more then 2 seconds unless its to fuck
Annie - great to see you last night! Am excited to visit Dash and Albert and PineCone Hill soon!
AEGIS Tools wanted our customers to know we will be out of the office next Monday. Get your orders in and we'll get ship them out...
Come jam w/ us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Black white Puerto ricann Chinese boyzzzzz!
Remember that bitch vitamin c who ripped off a Christmas riff and made it into a graduation song
I know!
Thanks, Austin! Hope to catch up soon, and Frankie is still looking forward to meeting you
Whoa thought that was a woman. My apologies to James Coburn.
southeast part :) like an hour and a half south of st.louis! :)
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime turn to you - Justin Bieber
Games is on, music is playing. Stop by and grab a paintbrush!
has reduced its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 25 cc;
Im in the buisness of misery, lets take it from the top.
Thru managed comp & cutting costs, we changed the way the we do business, & can now begin restoring services inc'l $ for lifeguard fireboats
rt I am fallowing invincibleepic. Please follow me
good luck on your new endeavors!
I refuse to think about work tonight or tomorrow. Ugh! That's hard! Happy New Year!!!
i am corn holiyo i need tp for my bung hole kmsl
Double header<33
The best & most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt w the heart. - Helen Keller
I go from : ( to : ) when I talk to you. I thank God everyday!
" Tear that shit up ! "
hm... RT“: A survey found , 1 in 5 women ended a relationship because their sig other was too busy playing video games.”
Wow reed Johnson was so close to getting hit in the face
its obviously about her. If you have a problem with her cleavage, I suggest you confront her about it.
seconded. Wait... do I get tuesday off? I don't even know.
Just got done making an out of town buyer video! Email me if you want some, too!
I've had that thought a lot lately. Working for the man is sobering.
Followed you (:
Happy #ff Friday!
Facilities tons of meeting rooms and outdoor pool construction
RIP mom 4 years. I love you and miss you.
brozz that put back was nasty huh
lol it didn't hurt that bad.
Now that's just funny!!!
SPACED is a sacred 'n' special institution, at least in my house. I'm glad we didn't Americanize it.
President Obama endorses same-sex marriage.
Hi teachers! Good morning!
Long day - at the oral surgeon, checking a bone graft and planning for the next steps -- good news -- all looks great to keep going - soon!
Oh hey girl! How long you been on Twitter? You see your vid blowin up? woohoo
Going to be 4 Kentucky teams in the NCAA, can't beat that.
Thx for comming to Loving Collective
At the rosary one of my 'aunts' hugged me and said, "You're so beautiful. DON'T get married." Girl. Do you know something I don't?
This is to announce Meck CPA Accounting Firm now has a Twitter Account ~ More to Follow
- love u, girl! And someday, i will mail you your card. It might look truly vintage by then, but i WILL mail it! :D
The only person who erred here was you. Whether you thought it might be misleading has more to do with your own biases.
and in game 2 of our quadruple-header. Who's it going to be - Blue Demons or Sun Devils?
Headed to
What is it about original don that makes people want to get rowdy
8% increase to healthcare costs every year with government plan? How does that translate to more affordable care for all?
Congrats, you have jumped the shark. Won't be watching the hateful tomorrow. Buh bye.
Thanks! Your kind words help make our day :) #Monicals RT : Exhausted but getting tonight is keeping me going
And follow I did. Nice to meet you.
In dc!! #waaaitwhaat? This is really happening?
#30RockLive is amazing!
okay thanks love.
is going to start using twitter so can rest easy.
Thanks for the new follows - look forward to learning more from you
are coming back to the US in 21 days!?!
next season of Fringe will be better X Files sucked season 8 &9
me too if I buy you one and mail it would u drink it :3
finally stepped ur game up eh?
young adult novel BUZZ now available in Chinese e-book, as well as in English, in both formats - realistic contemporary fiction for all
Helpful to read more about Proposition 8 (the "California Marriage Protection Act") on Wikipedia, to get a grip on what's actually at stake:
“You can’t escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.”
why? is it another rainout?
- I gave up on today at about 11am. What took you so long?
I am forever playing phone tag.
They don't even have guys clothes do they? :-)
when are winners posted?
They want you to show you hands. Do not fall for that trick.
tweet me after you put it up
Smart kid! RT Youngest son: "I care about all living things in the world." Oldest son: "Care about them, but don't join PETA."
Great run tonight. 65 degrees. Crisp. Awesome run!
: fragments/split infinitives make my skin crawl (fragment: real live grammatical error!), but at least d/n hve polit. impl.
verbal supreme
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
why does technology have to be so difficult
@ Hello I Must Be Going premiere :)
just the sub please. combo meal if you will
all I can say is Wtf?!
Feels great to be back at the Can to watch the !
RT : #gsmc = Global Social Media Chat - 9pm EST Tues. Join us. G+ review & content generation. Open to all!
im watching bad girls club and wwe mondday night eaw..let's get it
had brief, unplanned visit to Indianapolis this wk - lovely city & campus - hope to be back soon to visit KVML & meet up.
what to do,what to do
OH in Wendy's drive-thru: "I have to go to the bathroom." "Yeah, well so do I and no one else goes until I get to go!"
swedish fish .
I love you too w
Back in Ann Arbor. And I'll actually be here for a few weeks. Lots to catch up on, both professionally & domestically.
Leaving Brookwood High now! And it's nice and sunny outside!
Looking for a delicious, huge burrito in #DC ? New spot at 7th and Florida Ave NE. Solid.
where have u been?
Big Shout-out at my boys over great people doing good things in the Dallas area.
Haha just read these...yea, thought you're tweet was funny! #crazy***bag
Agreed, Whitaker.
anytime before 2
Appears is getting to know me better. Have clicked "Follow" on numerous Promoted Accounts the past few days.
who knows.
If your eye is injured, you should always get immediate, professional medical attention. It’s simply the best way to safeguard your vision.
Headin to see tthe Chiropractor ! Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
u talking about joe from school?
Can you tell them you have an official school-related project? You do, sort of.
Your a guinea pig alright Hargreaves....hope your found up Tevezes arse you ungrateful twat.
East end. Maybe the Bench in a pinch. Plus, it'd be nice if they're open weekeneds and have longer weekday hours.
website is now up, but not good. needs to be refined. Anyone willing to help me do some basic design? Thanks!
Baffling catalog issue of the morning...who was adding item records to e-journals on our behalf? We don't even do it that way.
Your very welcome!! :D
O!!! Watching the regular show!:D
BlastFriday kicks off this afternoon in downtown
am not lol :)
thank you!! How are you feeling?
OMG. People at my school know who you are. You're popular. ♥ LMAO. And soon you will be known to the whole world. Believe~
RT : This quarter's VACEOs/Robins School Economic Outlook Survey has been sent to central VA CEOs. Last quarter's analysis...
Just woke up guess I'm not going to school
Before anyone brags about being a Pro Bowler they need to watch a Pro Bowl! HORRIBLE games seems like nothing to brag about.
Google Doodles - the fun, date-driven alternative logos located on Google homepage - may have started as a bit of a joke back in 1998
Is NBC seriously cancelling Parks and Rec?! Who are the morons running NBC?
Good day with my boy and my homies. Stony point tomorrow with everybody. Sweet.(:
During my exit interview today regarding my layoff ending a 36 yr career the thought foremost on my mind was whether or not to plug my books
#slpeeps Definitely "tweeted". I'd avoid the other word.
Fair,friendly Liberal leader
Just got a spam DM from Taylor Rafford. Since when tho.. I don't even follow her. o.o I don't think I do anyway.
Playing at on #valentine's day with Special guest will be sitting in with us on sitar!
I can already tell how this day is going to go...
Thanks Henry!
Take everyday to remind your loved ones that you care. Plant the seed of kindness.
I'd give that to Koscheck...
Lounging at the beach in Miami = an amazing day...
haha :D:D
Haha me too!! I'm always singing their songs!
Im sorry about that! But this quote helps summarize it "Here’s the thing with networking. It is extremely powerful, but it takes time"
maybe u, & me are on our own fault not being monitored by USGS b/c my windows don't rattle like that in a storm.
No. 1 factor in social biz success is company culture. #socialbusiness book has a culture assessment
not fair, u eat what u want and don't get fat! Lolo
RT : Last stop Mount Clare Junction
fantastic I'm glad your enjoying it, hey Wednesday you should keep an eye out for the new album
all you can eat mexican food mon- fri look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
Damn man I'm startin to miss her n shit like damn
what the ugly fuck is this ??? #Quotations from who???
Just gave 4 ed tech workshops in Australia. Great place, but it is good to be back home.
I can already feel the tears coming down my face.
Guess I thought strawberries shaped into a heart on my sons's morning oatmeal would elicit joy not a shriek of terror #toddlervalentine ;)
How does Facebook not exist in #himym world? And you KNOW Ted would be an ex-girlfriend. FB stalker
TY! RT : it worked perfectly... No buffering or anything. The movie was ace too. Ill defo use the service again:)
iBooks Author app - Drag and drop media, word file, app scans for style/font, sections and lays out preview of book
next time try please press one for....f...two for....u.... they'll never call back
Concentrate on yourself & your genuine friends. Never lose yourself to ppl who only know how to talk shit & obsess about their problems
Thanks for sending me an ad,Troy! Unfollow.
LEARNING SOCIAL SITES ON XBOX
If this bitch don't back off my shitt....I MIGHT JUST DROP HER. Just might...
hmm, you may be tongue-tied by the end of the day. : )
I'll say something to you! I'm on the east coast... of course I'm usually not tweeting this time of the morning. :-)
Prob not a good sign if while fucking you're thinking "how will this damage us.. psychologically?"
"Using Pinterest to Market & Promote your Wedding Business" sounds like a great topic for #weddingmarketchat!
Mulling audiobook ideas for the drive from Brooklyn to KC. Thinking Gass' "The Tunnel," but suspect it would probs end my marriage.
That time u invested in being jealous of another's success could have been time spent preparing and working towards ur own.
I want to see if they are still a company in 2025 or whatever year that commercial takes place and hold them accountable
Great job at #bwela today Eric. great new tools
Theres no need for this.
i am great (:, how about you? Are you on spring break?
ok the site is back up
yes ma'am.
Y'all are missing out if you're not following this lady: RT A million dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? SMOKING
in the spotlight..
Had my theatre cherry popped tonight. Amazing. I want more!
totally! We are long overdue for an Elvis/Henry play date. Happy holidays!!
Speakin of pig on Easter, #MegaShoutout to #SlaughterHouse! They'll be tearin down in OC tonight!
Just text her then....
I'll put it on the list, thanks! :) nom nom
#fundraising+you if have no answer after 3rd meeting take it as a no.
Sales and Marketing March 21st Luncheon. Learn how people make decisions to tailor your sales presentations and marketing to individuals.
On my way to in cleveland. Can't wait to taste this!
New allegations against #MissUniverse competition claim that Miss Angola falsified document to enter and win a qualifying contest in England
Saw a girl passed out before 10. YOLO
Thanks to everyone who followed I'd still be following anyone who will follow her.
When it comes to Fabian , it's a whole different world .
Don't forget, we will be closed for Queen's Birthday this coming Monday. Make sure you plan ahead for all of your print orders!
shit four overtimes im leaving
I only watch grey's anatomy because of Jessie Williams .. so fucking hot!
Miracles don't happen here
Bronx Pride Awards tonight. BP Ruben Diaz Jr. is issuing a Proclamation of the Day. Brainpower receiving a Citation of Merit.
Yes. I'm being a brat solely because of the fact that you are not giving me any attention.
yes please. I miss you!
lol ... ur silly. as if i determine the outcome to anything
I will be in Miami, FL over the summer yayy
RT : Oh dear. , save yourself from the BJJ madness <= So far, no madness. Just a lot of bruises.
Lol I taught my 4 year old sister to rap 2 of Nicki Minaj's songs 😁
Hold your head up, and you will go far.
Sending out some headshot/resumes to LA agencies...prayers are welcome :)
I like "put out, or get out" better. But yours works too!
she's LOCA
Going underground, now the circus begins
You have a great Friday as well!!
hey, what's your cannes programming roster looking like? have room for more short films or web series? is there a fee?
Excited about these belly dancing classes! finna move like shakira in hips dont lie..yeah :))
Out to breakfast with my momma.
May 11,1942: Nicolson: Ed Murrow says anti-British feeling in U.S. intense. Causes: Anglophobes (Irish, Italians, Germans, isolationists)...
looks like the browns might win a few this yr
frymaster suggested we get in touch - shoot me your info please!
Come see Kevin Farley at the this weekend, the guy is hilarious & tells some great stories about Chris.
Haven't talk to in a while :( sister
gonna make this an analog weekend, photo wise. Loaded up on px series film from + rocking expired fuji NPH 120. Whee!
shhhh! Don't tell. They'll eviscerate one of the few free tech moments away from ad bombardments!
#mke tweeters, who wants to do a #FlashMob for a good purpose? Lemme know I'll be there!
That boy sang that damn song. Woo!
muahahaha thanks for the laugh.
Today in 1991, Scorpions hits #4 with "Winds of Change".
Like my hat? HAHA! did a wonderful job on yours, I love the bow (:
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
looking like the weather will be perfect for an extended weekend at the lake house. awesome.
Cindy is now asking folks what they expect to get from the workshop
Stevens-settler colonialism prevails in America. British come with families to settle; French men come alone
I want this promo badly dam
ugh. that's last for me too. Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it.
lol I don't want to.. you go to bed -___-
First off I wanna thank God for waking me up this morning!!! Second off I wanna say GM TWITTER WORLD!!!
bahaaha I will not be meeting u xD
Suck it haters! The Hunger Games win again!
How do you explain Twitter to your mum?
Don't judge someone's attitude until you've felt their pain.
thank you for taking time to do this while dealing with the lose of your mother, God bless you & give you comfort
Love is an emotion which heightens all others - and in so doing changes who we are and our approach to the world.
O - if anyone knows Tim's & the other niceyounglady @ Croce's tw handles...
talking about DPLA at #thatcamp #se everyone's a little bleary eyed but engaged none the less
is busy looking for his next opportunity. Who's out there?
no takers? Fair enough. I suppose that just leaves more for me!
Use your GPS RT : Im soo lost right now ,
Oh the memories! RT : #DD always takes care of me. Gracias !
no nigga, im peanut butter
I have NOTHING better to do than tweet #GetAustinToTheTop10 LOADS of times to make my favourite boy happy(: <3
Is selena going to the uk with juju?!?!!?!
thanks for the welcome. any offers for US holidays?
ipod touch
you are lame dude
sure followed :) follow back?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. -Margaret M
Hail 2 Pitt! RT : Good job tonight, Congressman, but I have some bad news. My Gators beat your Noles tonight, 6-3
is on the cusp of acquiring an actual turntable. Woo-hoo!
By way of rejoinder
taking it easy tonight - I'm doing the GMAT tomorrow AM. I'll prolly be up 4 something tomorrow night if you're around
Ah, it was! I guess that's what we call stepping on toes (no pun intended)! (lizzy - tweeting for Alma)
Word of the trip: fingerblast. Don't ask about it, no one here knows.
If you're #chaining right now you have #SWAG <3
Home sweet home in LA!
Damn some people do think they are hot shit...
Wow, the downtown (Indy) is closing. I seriously thought they might be one of the few that would survive...
Ha! Drinking and golfing go great together!
Nope, I'm a single pringle!
We were slaves - but now we are free. We should all take a moment to think about the people in this world who are not yet free.
Awe, thanks Bri! I'm hoping I do anyway lol
its ok though. that only means that you are different..and different is good.lol
a session with me up for auction I'm also on net flix Sensing Murder please bid
thanks for the follow
Is hanging out tonight w band guys 1725 columbia rd nw u could hear me sing "doctor A woman love or new song"dream of dreams
Great night with the man I love ;) I'm so happy to be home.
I would pay to see that!
I love having roasting sessions
Bravo to you (and your X-Men style left hand) for your wonderful Bach program at this afternoon.
#atxcouncil into pre-clearance issues with new maps
sounds like my kids!
Sounds good. Give me a call.
never before has everyone had a video camera in their pocket...
Welp. I'm bored.
what u make?
#FortunatelyTwitterIsSilent! ;-) RT : So sick of the RHONY ads... "SHE IS A THUG IN A COCKTAIL DRESS!" STFU
