ShopBuddy will integrate w/ any shopping cart or web selling platform. Feel free to checkout our site or signup & try it FREE.
Did someone remix the ice cream truck songs in Baltimore? This one in Patterson Park got the handclap.
Erin martin from the voice. sexy hot hot hot
Agreed! And me too! RT : Stanley Tucci in Hunger Games is so fantastic I would like him to host Oscars in character.
As much as I don't like the sound. You can't ban the Vuvuzela.
that awkward moment when Dustin Penner explained that they were playing Phoenix ahahahahahahaha
Hiya Tom how's it going?
What's it called? I need to watch this.
A lot of questions and concerns this off-season for the #Yankees. Where do they go from here? What changes should be made?
definitely! And talk about the pains of being pure at art in a corporate world :)
Its an utter embarassment right now... Maybe they should lose out to get a chance to draft Andrew Luck... Suck For Luck! lol
Back to YOU! Thanks for the follow. Enjoy ur weekend.
ariana can you tweet me please! i loved the new episode!
I don't care I so what these bitches
oops I mean he don't look like nelly
this is my first year trying these. I am actually looking to do some winter biking but have to see what locals do
Realizing that you just accidentally creeped on someone...
Make huge effort to get vol discount rates from body shops and custrs still think dmg cost is 2 high.
If you don't know what God says about you, then who are you?
": Say "ADDICTED" after everything I say. Drugs..... Coffee...... Alcohol.....What hit u in the face last night…."
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 25
ah!!! 'Preciate that Rod!
Had so much fun- cant wait to do something similar soon!!!
how was the Superintendent's talk? Sorry we missed it!!
i wish we had more like that in south county...have u been to ?
no more spitting snow has turned to light snow in Santa Fe near Plaza
I think ima go roller skating.
Brand new book out NaLee check it out at NaLee2010.com pure fantasy to feed all your senses the beginning of a TRILOGY
I just love getting on the bus looking like a pilgrim/nun.. Choir competition  choir dress 
Why does this cemetery have a plot for Italians?
"Life moves pretty fast. If you dnt stop to look around once a while you could miss it." -Ferris Bueller's Day Off(: <3
Thanks for the awesome post about the yearbook :)
FUCK YOU CBS! Quit giving me these garbage ass views! #
I love how Facebook shows when people comment on others Facebook post or pictures. Prove me wrong every time.
R.I.P. Baron Davis' knee
I just realized I can make 50 funny faces at my boss in less than 30 seconds while the elevator door closes. Anyway, got fired.
when are you gonna have a show in Indiana? :3
Also...really random but I went to Earlham College for a year and think I recognize you from there?
Peter M: “It's caviar for the rich and cake for the rest, wealth grows atop a fragile pyramid of inflated home prices, and consumer debt"
Oh dear Lord.My neighbor has been going nonstop w/ the weed eater for almost 30mins. The noise is killing me and keeping Molly from napping
so yall telling me if i make n sextape yall wouldn't talk to me smh ole well
thinking of VT
Ran One Mile / Walked .5 of a Mile --- staying on track.
RT : Tonight.... rehearsal at Miller Outdoor Theater for tomorrow night's FREE dance show (In the Mood to Dance! from......
yes, it is worth a retweet XD
hope you're praying hard...lol
I am humbled... cheers to you, dear man. :-)
's freak out haha. =P
Winterhawks take on Kamloops tonight in first game of 2nd Round of the playoffs - Let's Go Hawks!
. is pretty much the funniest girl on the planet. // The 72% off Crocs sale is still 28% too expensive for me to ever get a pair
Is it up? I don't see it
wait, where?
it's the heart that matters more!
MICHAEL JACKSON LIFE OF A ICON DOCUMENTARY IS A MUST SEE FOR THESE HOLIDAYS CHECK IT OUT
they LOVED it. especially Robert's costume. In fact, they were trying to guess what he would be dressed up as. Great show!
Wanting great performers to come to #Portland, OR #USA... When can you make it?
..meetings day...
need to start planning for my bday hm....
O.K. I screwed up. The radio interview is going to air on January 27th. I will send out more details when we get closer!
Holy crap! Silver Lake is hipster central! Never seen so many dirty looking disproportionate haircuts at once.
Ybarra is very emotional. She wipes away a tear after being asked a basic question by her lawyer.
air-kisses to Misha fo me!
Best memory from in 4th period he tells me well " The girl call me Addi Daddy " gtfo lol
Finally happened. Music from my Childhood on the classic rock station. So bittersweet
what's up!
I'm staying in San Isidro. Any reccomendations in that area?
My momma don't trust me so I don't trust her... She uses me but I don't use her. I still care, for now.
If police officers do not get the benefit of the doubt why would Zimmerman?
It's time we stop war and give love a try it may be easy to hate but its stronger to love
I would expect nothing less. Don't keep showing your hand tho, if you have a card you want to play, play it. I'm not bluffing.
With avoiding sugar 6 days a week and eating only “slow carbs,” this diet has been incredibly easy to stick to
Today will be a great day. Repeat.
i know!! that's amazing... will look for it , hopefully i find it here, Thanks girll!
Though the smell of the sea came with will and the sight of the sightful hero the little boy were. Though the great good in him had
I wanna be a movie marine..but not actual combat..something like battlefield la..that shit looks fun..hurah
#ShoutOut to Hope you all are able to enjoy your day to the fullest !
I'll always have that one place in my heart for you <3
wound by chanting "Let's go buffalo!" in the halls of HC. I kid you not, I was seconds away from punching one of those assholes.
In order for a partnership to work you don't have to like the same things, but you do have to hate the same things
Why aren't we talking about awesome, POSITIVE things about working with teens in libraries? Like that they're open to different genres?
I'm looking for new Twitter and YouTube loves...also people with awesome blogs/vlogs, so follow me and shoot me a tweet if that's you!!!
Awake? Hungry? Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am tonight!
"You got some green construction paper? I need to make some frogs." You're supposed to bring your own paper for diecut. "Oh, I didn't know."
Good am! Giving drum lessons to a 67 y.o. and an 11 y.o. then headed to DC for my presentation.
Did you know: When you run an RSRA with Phase One Inc we will deduct the price of the report off of a Phase I for that property!
Thanks so much for coming into Chicago Apartment Finders this weekend! Did you hear about our $1,00 in free rent giveaway?
I think I have the workings of a cold.. No!!
Our goal is to reach 1000 fans by the Jingle Bell Run #jbr on December 10th! Help us spread the word!
In the studio in Nashville and I'm lovin it!!
3 mile brisk walk on this beautiful Tuesday ... oh yeah, feels so good!
#Tigers win! Come on Angels.
So, I was promised #margaritaville after the second encore..... Come on, audience, don't let me down.
West Virginia....showing the nation what we who live here already know.,. We not only compete...We Win!
<3 ~~> RT : It's official now. We have bagpipes.
Hey check us out :)
Just took a break to sing Father Abraham in class... :-)
Your NYC fans are thrilled to hear about your upcoming Broadway debut!
in honor of the weekend, which Founding Father had the best wig/hair?We've made a lot of Ben Franklin's, so we're biased- what do you think?
Good bye lil rock!
so when is your doctors appointment on june 1st? like early in the morning? i wanna go to the LIK show so bad lol
Hey! Where's Lemon Bar?
I'm enjoying my day off. Just bring a couch potato. Lol
I like boys who, like girls who, eat carrots. RT if you like them boys too!:D
Noushin THANKS for your message and all you do to help those in the cancer fight!! THX for referring anyone you treat who needs us :)
At least finally admitted the web site was down on the web site. 20 minutes of trying to order was painful.
Mustard is cute. But soy sauce has gorgeous skin.
its goes from 830 to 1230..byob..at the house of culture 71st and st lawrence..
#IfObamaWasARepublican he would be hailed as the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER IN AMERICA afta saving #econmony, #autoindustry & KILLING
they all do that it sucks for the people trying to pass them
My coworker just told me we can sleep together as long as we don't have a baby. I'm glad to know he has boundaries.
eric clapton is a great antidote to a rainy Tuesday
Sometimes we must review the phenomenon and drill down through the facts, then we can interpret and move beyond the story we tell ourselves.
Step out of the house in my pj's to move the car for my parents, and run into half the neighborhood walking their dogs. Hi.. I'm back..
re: accessible twitter name change: "the app formerly known as accessible twitter"
Yes, yes it does. So much and rad T :]
RT #mlamobiletech really enjoyed webcast & tweets! lots of good takeaway info- gave me lots of ideas... cld b dangerous, bwhahaaa
OMG. Yes.
otr was born there, you know...
What a lovely #royalwedding, complete with stunning British choral music adding beauty and solemnity to the occasion.
The Rolling Stones’ 1969 bootleg version of “Carol”
add me on Facebook please
It was pretty tasty!! Had some hummus and pita chips on the side... tasty and healthy!
this is just a test.....
#RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, who died from Cancer this morning, aged just 47. His career spanned more than 3 decades.
We would be nothing without friends like you. Thank YOU! RT: Thank you for existing and also coming to Seattle every year!
LOGAN UGH
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the #present #moment. -
interesting we were just asking about offsets. It's certainly a tradeoff over helping in your own backyard
The Fall 2011 catalog just got dropped on my desk...Must. Stay. Focused. On. Work...
McVey: Want people to remember your message? Get it out multiple times, and get people to do something/be active.
RT : "Leaders begin with the end in mind" sign up for SLU Regional Atlanta if you haven't already! Only $149
It Don't Matter You Are Fine As Hell anyway Luv Your Work!!!!
you know them....
Come out tonight to
Can we have Yuni back? I'm not kidding.
They don't get up for my 8 months pregnant wife, so why should it be any different?
Wha... what.... I don't even. But should go for it
Hello to ,.Thanks for connecting with us. Have a fantastic Friday!
There is actually a difference between being tan, and looking like a burnt steak.
for sure :)
Retweet for chance to win Resurgence of Rock, critically acclaimed album of new classic hard rock by BlancaWhite.
So are we! RT: Thanks so much for a great lunch! Looking forward to working with you in the future!
Good. Because I've been gone to long.
W/#African problems still unsolved--confronted with recent coups in #Mali & #Guinea Bissau, and crop failure. Akin to #leadership failure
Mfs on twitter with the real fat head cough cough
well thanx but im about 2 start crying right now
LAST DAY OF NOVEMBER SPECIAL! $5 Soup and Sandwich Special! Get any sandwich and any cup of soup for $5! (Dine-in or Take-out only.)
The things your mom does while youre rehearsing haha :)
We can promise M.T. Anderson will be the closing keynote speaker at our virtual summit on ebooks but we can’t promise he’ll behave
SO wish I was at 5757 Wilshire right now!
Gearing up for the final day of #SWMadison and the presentation of our project,
RT : If children cannot learn the way we teach, we must teach the way children learn.
Ppl u gtg see #NEVERSAYNEVER3D!! IM GOING! I LOVE U JB!! !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
obviously trying to take attention away from that face
See you at #SWMadison tomorrow!
just starting the search. How best to translate building a company for value in corporate logistics?
thank god for autotune you sound great now hahahhaha
"#BeliebersAreAliensBecause" aw, thankyou haters for making a TT for us(': love you too babbiiiess<33
I wanna meet Justin Bieber.. (:
just you wait. Its time for the return of Rodney the destroyer.
Can anyone help me?! What is the password for the one direction pre sale???? I will love you FOREVER!!!!!
Just be thankful you keep ending up where Barton does.
I think o need a morning nap... Just about 30 mins...
visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for all the best toys and games for children of every age. Check it out now!
Beyonce named People magazine's Most Beautiful Woman of 2012. Hard to argue with that. Thoughts?
hi and good morning
the first4 days of your mostarda seems similar to making candied fruits seen all over Italy's markets. Have a technique 4 that?
Agreed. RT : Well, it's safe to say that the B-Cycle demo/Q&A went above & beyond expectations. Mke deserves this system.
I am so sorry to see Peyton Manning leave I will truley miss him. I certainly hope Ursay Knows what he is doing. Colts Forever
Our habit here of prefacing highway numbers with definite articles (e.g., the 101) is often remarked upon.
your flowers are probably dead.
Via Tweetdeck FB RT: Why doesn't facebook have the ability to "retweet" status messages of others you'd like to share with your own network?
Happy 50th birthday !
I am great hru?
: ha yes I told him Regina lactated on the notes
I cant wait till your new album #believe comes out.(: I know its going to be amazing(: #muchlove .
my is great! How about you?! (:
i freaking love victoria justice. shes beautiful.
u c that rainbow from the bathtub lol
Secrets are actually the Truth, embedded by Fear, which is protected by Silence, and when infiltrated, ends up being defended by Lies.
Three winners left. More later ;-)
Greinke would be a potential fit for the #Indians or #Orioles. No financial risk past '12 and they have prospects the #Brewers would want.
I want to go to an art show or something to do with art :|
It is most definitely true "what goes around comes around" the energy you give out is the energy you will receive"......it never fails.....
Monkey rench! Haha Listing to that now
I wanna party and bullshit
I don’t even need your love
in class learning how to drill a needle into a patient's bone (with an actual power drill) to give meds...cool stuff!
i'm evil and i know it. ;)
Thanks for supporting at today & !
What you want is not what you need...
The St-Jameson as we call it. #TresDelicieux!
I now have to keep company. Thank heaven.
SO SO SO CLOSE BUT SO SO FAR AWAY
no problem :)
I'm starting to worry about you. Please don't let what's happening become material for a Hallmark channel primetime movie.
you have amazing haiiirrrr.
ELIJAH MERCER RUNS AU.
Mom told me to go look for clothes and i did:D probably too much if you ask her
RT Via- Happy Saturday
yaaay, my boyfriend got me my new glasses
G. Roger Denson: When Walls Come Falling Down: Left Political Art Timeline, 1989-2000
#Browns receivers are in position to make the play this week against a great defense, its an improvement, Little will make that play in time
Lest we forget the true purpose of higher education.
i was telling him how big of an ass he was and HAPPY BIRTHDAY AGAIN ;D
ha! You beat me to it. I appreciate the exact same sarcasm however.
Tech Week begins right about...now, let the cranky-ness begin.
Wow! That's a long night! Definitively time to relax and rest :) RT alright im bout to hit this tampico then KO
get your twitter game up.lol
Today is Stamp Out Hunger! Don't forget to leave food for the postal workers to pick up!
got to get me a sport coat like that.
The Boss is in the building...lol...Diamonds
is on stage now and they are awesome! If you missed them this time, don't make that mistake again!!!
That is FREE BEER to the first 75 people to RSVP. 1 hour of drinking Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Sign up now. . .
Yeah I played...went out with two pair o a 4runner flush. Ill sign up for Blackbelt today...do I get a sign up bonus?
Tired of living, living, living, by this double standard. Standard. Standard.
Friend request ,e on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
And you're right, progress is a struggle. There is a class struggle, and the bourgeoisie will not give up their power voluntarily.
Push to exclude blacks from tribal citizenship in many Indian nation has been continuous to this day
Alright, I'm teetering toward the wine.
The jury took 12 minutes to put #MarissaAlexander away for 20 years. 12 minutes. WOW.
Anyone else notice that the Tea Party is corporate welfare disguised as patriotism and fueled by a smidgeon of racism?
You and her aren't even gonna last.
- & im melting in your eyes like my first time. <3
On my level
have u heard? is starting non-stop flights to Seattle from KCI as of 3/12. Woohoo!
; Kristen stop being gay && do something useful. Like cut flippin paper.
It completely helps u understand a co's unique fan interaction w/pg #FB bought it & it was created by Marketers needing ROI
so you can shoutout new followers but can't hit back friends though? I feel it... -_-
Just remember I'll be there
hard to believe that
Hey hey! Where you showing stuff now 619 is down?!?
Beadhead! wrap sections of lightly moussed dry hair around a curlin iron.Next a.m, dont wash! Spritz w a leavein conditioner, scrunch n go!
Don't know what's going to happen in this game, but Pats' def know how STL felt 10 years ago.
finally everything is coming together.. EDC in less than 24 hours! 🎢🔊🎡🌻🎧
RT Machine Learning with Large Networks of People and Places (by )
Our research indicates strong support for Individualized Learning Plans from parents, teachers, and students.
It just hit me how saddened I am by the end of the space shuttle program. /pours out a 40 of Tang for the Orbiters and their teams
Warm and comfy coats at #macys.. tis the season to bundle up! Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday shopping!
#shehechat Topic 5: If you had to choose, would you prefer to write or edit? Write. But editing is fun too.
Just read-A Portuguese bank has an interest rate deal by letting clients bet on the outcome of the U.S. presidential election.
what is his last name? maybe I knew him :p
YUCK! Smells like animal dookie in the office but most likey, it's someones lunch
Thanks for the follow! Hope you can share my tweets and great news on being apart of the Academy Awards this year! #Thevallie ;)
:-/ just be careful not to let your tum shrink. Won't get too far on the fabulous "stuff fest". Have fun! :D
"You said I gave you butterflies then you flew out of my life."
My oldest, when 6, loved a dinosaur DVD, and would do <impressions>, asking, "Who am I?" He'd wait, then say, "Velociraptor!"
I'll be sure and show you when it's done. It was interesting being filmed. I kept wishing I could see what the camera saw. :P
Mini-decisions lead to maxi-decisions—both positive and negative. What one small positive decision can you make today?
soy de la cd de Méx. !
I miss Ally and AJ..... Wah
okay, thought it was something graphic. Haha, thanks for sharing. I hope the pain goes away soon, long car rides suck!
I'll get like 3 so hold em till I get to that side nikkkkkka
RT "The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before." Good Will Hunting
#WFUD12 Casey Smith: Something "bizarre and pernicious and weird" about owning language.
Wondering how my douchebag cousin gets anywhere w/ girls
#ThatOnePersonWho you can tell everything to.
Who's your favorite PRO?
You're all a bunch of dildos
In order to easily identify what code is running, created a system to autotag each Tixato deployment with an "adjective + noun" ID.
I've always thought Arrieta had the best stuff of the #Orioles' young guns. Still waiting for him to take that next step forward.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when boys act like a different person w / their friends .
nice! I was hoping it was one of those ball things that they hold.
haha holy dang! i'm good! lol you better be going to a ball game then with all those days off!
Is that a little wax and a buff? ": 75 min to live. It's getting exciting .just finished makeup off to hair"
Thank you!
Samsung Galaxy product endorsers by Japacurry - I'm not interested. Stop asking me to try your phone
Represent! :-) Is your photo from paper camera? I like it!
Coming to America is the funniest movie of all time
Optimize your web presence! Call Nivula Innovative Designs at (866) 536-9257 to see your new site Today!
Y didn't I think of this while in HS? “: Is your mom a lunatic who won't let you date dudes until college? Become a lesbian!
yes omg this better happen and Gigi did you hear about what jasmine and I are going to do on the 15th?
that's what I was thinkin , I have to being them in for my English class too
looks fun! I will investigate the other bands.
Badger hoops time. Who will step up?
follow back please(:
boys come and go but my girls are forever
No power, no internet, no cell coverage = Modern day Gilligan's Island? #hurricane #irene cc
Why is this night different from all other nights for Mets fans? 4-0!
I freaking love Australian TV lol
I'M SO TIRED
Thanks for the follow. Keep me informed of your project. All the way.
Mrs Nerd just screamed out that exact thing.
You think your cute? Cause your not. Your just another biotchh that got her legs open.
Lmfao now I'm wearing tons of makeup like every other day
I need to get a Dr. to look at my sore instep before I can run again. Any Chicago recommendations? thanks
thanks for touching base! Hello and happy holidays to you. All is well here. Hope your 2011 is wonderful!!
wow!!! Thought we were keeping that in the past!!! Lmao!
I can't stop laughing as I read the tweets of people who raged for 's birthday schnelle. Goodluck cleaning (jk).
I didn't think you were gonna do it till you were hanging out the window! Hahaha your my hero
I could really go for some soup from paneraaaaaa
Does anyone #edit / #proofread anymore? Appalled at the number of typos I've found in a book I just started reading 20 min. ago... :(
Watching Step Up ( : love this movie!
all u SF assholes buying SFxTekken i won't even look at the game until i pick up your controller and beat da shit out chu wit Law
I bought a hippie dress
WRITE ME A STORY ON QUIZILLA
Hope all the winners and all my lovley Followers have a great Holiday xoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxo
ill dm it to you now
Come visit King Tut this weekend! Time is running out to see this amazing exhibition at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.
What a pointless speech......
We ARE open on Saturdays from 10-2. Call for an appointment or stop by if you're in the area.
Shouldn't have said dudes name...
#IReallyHope follows me :) They are amazing!
Today I ran out of clean shirts at Josh's, so I'm wearing a pullover hoody sweatshirt. Thank god it's casual Friday.
Live life to the fullest...im so happy about what life has given me! I love my baby and my opportunities
Hey! Ping me if you're ever in NY or Austin. I'm buying. : )
Into racing? Hit me up
Long day of WCing. Time to hit the gym!
thx for sharing your goal setting tactics Gamification of the world is everywhere. Keep an eye on #TEDxEmory w/ follow up footage
Alright, the last session of the day is over. We're headed downstairs for the closing remarks in about 15 minutes. Now it's time fo…
wow, a lot of people i love were born today!
Into the studio today to record our first album. Could not be MORE. EXCITED.
your faces? Did you mean faves? Are we your favorites?? ;)
I like D Will 2nd and Rondo 3rd. The only reason Nash isn't in there is because of his defense.
Just babysat 5 kids under the Age of 8, and got paid $30 (:
Twenty seven years of life means I've accumulated twenty seven years of STUFF.
Quick tip: if it's not leopard print, it's not you. Just sayin'.
that was fast! Cabin In The Woods indeed!
I want 2 say this why is fathers day so boring it seems like it is not a important day Why is that?
RT : No argument here, sooner the better. RT : Both say it's time to get out of Afghanistan with a plan in place.
its going great!
so say we all
in order is like ray Roc prince and prod ....
Dumb phone trippin'
thanks for keeping us fans updated via is def lacking today in that department!!!!
Had a great weekend ! Can't wait to finish this Interactive strong! What events are people attending today? Lets meet up!
To any and all haters: ( ) that game was given not taken.
Can't wait the see our home town LA Galaxy in the MLS Cup this Sunday!
I stay dreming and one day Ill touch them.
my wonderful, amazing boyfriend just bought me half of a laptop for my birthday :) woohoo! he rocks!
Wow I can't type. Urban Outfitters has a 5 dollar sale going on for their website only. Fucking bomb !
Dj Spin is at SCOUT BAR with 98.5's DJ Mark3 in the mix!
There are too many voices outside my room.
Afterall, favorite professors don't grow on trees you know. Or maybe they do, I don't know.
Cavalcade of the last celebrations and the music.
I know a couple other guys on our team with
So sick of baby food!!! I've never wanted a salad so bad in my life!
I'm thankful all the NEWZ sites are reporting JoMo to TNA... Weeks AFTER we did
I would like to see a browser that can be expanded/contracted from all four corners
Obsessed with the work!! Even bought notecards by ya guys before I knew who ya were! Need to be more like you. Hire/teach me!?
To hot , I cant sleep man
Waiting for 2012 (hopefully)
Good news!
saw this on the news last night!!!?
I finally had some, it was quite as delicious as I hoped!
That's NOT what makes you a billionaire. It's the freedom after you've become that to be comfortable.
Is it me...or is the voting percentages going down?
Boy, it's a good thing no GOP talking head has EVER said anything REMOTELY nasty about Michelle Obama on TV. That would be awk-ward.
not your best work.
Gastric Bypass can ruin a life or kill you. They forget to tell you that. It makes me wonder if this isn't overused.
Have a safe and happy weekend everyone!
great talking with you tonight!
Also...Bryson will def be starting early on being a RAGE fan too!! ;o)
Oh, cool. Please keep me informed!
Are there any tools/ queries that allow you to search for sites based on PR? / Anything that filters results by PR? Uber wishful thinking?
Losses like yesterday is why god invented ice cream.
Yes,Mr. Thunder has been a Grammy member of the P&E Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
I better start only getting emails from Notre Dame asking for me to donate to the Arts. Cause clearly this sports thing isn't working out.
I liked it at first until I noticed it marked something as read before I even started the first paragraph.
I'm in town, but it's crazy. Maybe next week.
Major kudos to Brady Hoke being named Big Ten Coach of the year for - well deserved. Go Blue!
burned 300 calories doing 35 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
serious typo!
Home is where you unexpectedly run into old friends /cc am still smiling!
So #hype for IU vs. UK on Friday night!
Thanks everyone!
I've always either gotten them from ECC or Dumb Friends League or they've wandered into my house.
Maybe for once can plans not change on me? Sigh..
My g-chat statuses this week are in tamil. And, that language is totally whack, just sayin'
Awesome mock up bro. Creative idea and great placement. Thanks.
homework almost done - 35 min til debate time!! woo-hoo!!
Cuse escapes. Phew
Ginger cucumber limeade from That is all.
Wow. After watching #Biutiful last night, I could only crawl into bed, hug my son tight, and just thank goodness it was just a movie.
That moment when your body is too exhausted to get up, and your belly is telling you to go make some damn food.
If them niggas keep tripping they can share an ambulance 🔫🚑🏥
Oops, I emailed you but looks like we already have something booked. :/ Sorry about that!
Cool! That's good..you should be proud of it..nothing boring about your choices. That's awesome! :)
I am going to be in San Francisco from May 2-15. We gotta do some stuffs.
Yes it was one of the better Thursdays here is NC
Apparently squirrels in my yard aren't that smart.
Everything~! Been busy with the Boy,Dr's.,School,Art Show,Play,PTA,Photography and friends ans family~! Love it all<3
Peds win first Softball game play another Lembi park in Roseville
Thanks for recommending us-- very kind of you!
I honestly don't care to see you today.
Failures not an option
I need a serious sling shot or a bb gun for sure.
with #writtenembattles ? And they still suck. S/O & both came ready to ripshit
it's no prob :) love the cuffs.. can't spend the $ now but I can help share on both accounts :)
Money can't buy friends, but it can get you a better class of enemy.
thanks! I seem to have a different illness every other day. I long for the days when I was just a hypochondriac!
William Pickens~ Living together is an art.
almost ova
I just made some with organic beans! Ooh umm good!
I wonder if ive met the person im going to end up marrying.
treadmill + workout music + weights + ab roller = great indoor #workout today!
Is looking for a stage with a curtain, four puppets, and a butcher's apron to borrow next Saturday.
Yeah, me.
Gone b bad bitches at that #CRAZYASSPARTY including Me Hahaha!! Ya boii
I love you alot...
Elected as VP of the Sports Business Association at ASU #bigmoves coming
Please follow me?(;
There are only two reasons to teach. When admin micro-manages, there is only one reason.
I was going to play basketball but then the gym is closed for reservation.
Although MSU began the season unranked, the Spartans are now #1 seed in NCAA Tournament after winning the Big 10 Tourney today. Congrats!!
Good night
Blog updates will now post as facebook notes as well - but for the embedded videos we like to show off, visit the blog proper.
That time when nothing goes right, well for me it's been going on for a while yet I slap on a smiling face and deal with it
#YPO Heading out to speak on Facebook ads at ad:tech SFO next week. Anyone want to meetup?
Good morning everyone! B)
I won give me my money. You what? I lost ctfu
C'mon world. We all know what time it is with Kansas. I, for one, been supporting Kentucky since the 90's.
“: #TheBestThing when you can be in a relationship with no drama..” wish that was reaaalllll
did you take some heroin ?
is my best friend in the world! She has been with me tru thick and thin..when she try's to make me feel better she makes me....
I'm reading through a Google doc they ended up with, and then I'll be blogging. I'll let you know.
i hatee when ppl get madd for no reasonn... :/
Just keep on bouncing!
When I'm good I'm really, really good but when I'm bad, I'm even better ~ Mae West. Have a great weekend! #HaveFunBeBad!
Love it! We'd support you.
will do .! all has ben followed
You ugly ....you coming toBw3 tomorrow right??
jboogiejustin shared an Instagram photo with you
Can't wait to rock that shit on Thursday night!
hey ✋ chill Lebron is that nigga
It's beautiful here!
good morning
love ya <3333
I try so hard to make them happy but they only see the bad thing about me!!!
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me :)
Follow me please? :)
I propose SAGTRA. It sounds uber macho...like a character on Transformers or something.
I can do that cuddle buddy :)
"Use your "real-eyes," to "realize" the "real-lies."
Thanks so much for the kind words, Enon!
Christoph Meister is adding a point about the 'historicity' of humanities data
From the age of thirty,
I thought about it, but I figure if we ever wanted to sell (not an antique dealer) it might kill the value.
needs to punish Montreal tonight. Be nice to Davy, but punish them with goals tonight. 4-0 is doable.
Made it home from long day.. saw Rise of the Apes, good movie, went to rehearsal and now prep for a meeting I have tomorrow w/ web developer
RT : The key to getting what u want out of the coming years lies in a commitment to #TakeBackYourLife" -...
#AutowayToyota REALLY needs a social media presence.How else will people know the great experience awaiting them?
finally done with my sociology 120 research paper!!!!!!!!!!
Just when I think I could be really right it also occurs to me I could be wrong.
I need to run back to chipotle....$2.95 for guacamole and chips. i Hope that there is not too many calories in that little portion
Woo hoo! Joshua McKinley is our hometown fan fave!
“: what was the regular season record?” 8-8
We have a Guitar playing contest at Hard Rock Cafe (Platinum Sponsor) & would like to incorporate your business. Mike Ladd
I don't think you want mine either haha
Lets get #thankyoumrpresident trending.
Waiting for them to call my flight so can pass out on the plane.
always believe in BC! :) see you at Apple Cup?!?!?
Punxsutawny Phil saw Mike Scott's shadow.
for the picture compliment, pool shark. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Thanks for the cool cards! Wish I had gotten more cards at #blogher11 since I've used the blank ones already!
Not sure, yet. There's someone interested. Just trying to get the estate worked out.
$100 goes a long way... except at the strip club. The #WorkplacePayoff $100 ca$h EVERY HOUR 9a-5p. Win your share starting now.
“: it means shoutout for shout out LMAO” LMFAO I KNEW IT!
First, know that yoga is for everyone. It doesn't require u 2 have any particular body type, flexibility /peace of mind. There is no rush.
Lincoln/Vampire, yes I know. But if there's a Downton Abbey/Breaking Bad mashup happening, well, that would be news indeed.
actually neither of us get anything anymore lol that'll change this weekend when I go back to Temple
LOL. Well, there's my favorite bad boy.. :)
Shouts to my boy
Anyone know weight in grams for a cup of blanched almond flour? Thanks!
also I despise the new anti-smoking ads with the lady with the hole in her neck. Creeps me out!
yay!!! :) that's SO awesome to hear!
thanks for the clarification!
thank god!(:
tell my brother to close his mouth he looks like a goof in that pick
Can't come to Iron Lady tonight at the FFL? We are playing it again on Friday the 11th at 2PM!
When I see as one of the "similar to you" users, I realize that I've succeeded in life.
MORNING!! a little hyped up on this coffee i'm rockin....and now my brain is workin! =D
Shit, when I tell my parents I'm pregnant by a black guy, mom will kick me out, dad will find the guy, torture him, & then kill him. Lol
LIFE REALLY SUCKS TODAY
Excellent! If anybody else wants to get some drinks, let's meet up after the petting zoo.
u asked if they even teach kids to read anymore when you were talking about high schools making exceptions for athletes
can I call you my baby? if you ask me - I'm ready
Chest and Head is Hurting like hell
Awww! Thanks! :D
D: Leave Des alone! I loves his tweets. :)
I second that! RT : Think I'm gonna put an exhust system in the garage, so I can cook BBQ all winter long..
ABC's of Portland Spirit:X is for xenodochial, kind to strangers;hospitality. From Captain's greeting to an opening number, we welcome you!
No, kid, I'm not Ms.Fukushima but that's ok. Also, I'm not Ms. Pi.
Bill O'Reilly doesn't want to spend his "hard-earned" money for Sandra Fluke to have sex. Bill, you don't have any hard-earned money.
I think the crowds aren't that similar more an issue that ICCM is back in the US this year
Say whaaaaa? Tell me more (when you can)!
What are those things? My son has found a few.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I try to post a couple things to Pinterest a day just to keep it fresh. Links back to our other pages helps build connection.
that was a good night from what I can remember LOL love youu! Play again soon?! :)
Fun day with my friends ^^
Nihilism ~ Seeking answers without the use of belief.
Want to annoy folks? Speak all of your sentences in the haiku form.
so is it official in Aussie time yet?
REALLY looking forward to coming home!
Sending Cali some luv Fam Fam! Wake Up Wake Up Wake Up! #today is that day.
yea, I don't think I want to expose him to that embarrassment lol
Chilly Day and Chillin IN with the Fam... Hope You're stayin warm! #feelthelove fr #GA ~
i have no idea :) OH: it has a retro modern ikea feel.
Lmao! What do you want for your birthday sweetie? FARMVILLE!!!!
but Jay was one of the group of "comic book weirdos" with me. Talented guy even back then
$50! When you go, I wanna go to ask her about mine! Just to see if it's healing right lol
This Chris Paul/Steve Nash match up is looking good.. I still can believe the Clippers are even in the playoffs
Expunging rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Building a bridge to span our faux river at the prayer garden in the morning. Anybody want to come over and help?
We need to hangout soon!
3 Days Later & Now 4,892 people will contribute towards My Dreams & Goals! Thank You All!! Yes 72hrs later & 800 more people have joined!!
You know we getting hotter and hotter! Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down!
hope tomorrow gets better
haha hold up
. Q2: What else are career colleges doing to enhance the student experience?
No worries, hope all is well!
HEY BEAUTIFUL
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.-- Oscar Wilde
Hey there! I mustache you a question; but ill shave it for later ;)
TGIF my goal for the weekend is nothing but #PS3 and tv!
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. ~Jamie Paolinetti
I will say I hope focusing on streaming means they'll update the nonexistent instant queue management.
Oh yea it is
You often sense when the best mgt solution is to knock down some walls. But sensing is not the same as admitting nor does admitting = doing.
Beth Ann frazho? Sister of John, glen, Gary, Dennis, and Kurt???? Wow that is a mouth full!! If yes, please contact me via twitter
closed Pandora by accident and it picked up exactly where i left off, now that is awesome!
Who knew that raisinets and pinot were so good? Thank you Steve and thank you Halloween!
And then studying ways to harness the power of Genograms to help our #brains be more
that awkward moment when you buy a bag of air and there's chips inside...
omg... Yeah buddy!
Thank you, much success!
Please let me know of any modeling and acting auditions. I love to model and act. They are a passion of mine. GOD bless you all.
Perfect pass to him, gutterball to the chief
Love is a conflict between reflexes and reflections.
I'm gonna miss this. What a freaking cool thing. #ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
me and my kids laughed so hard! Thanks!
your voice gives me the chills! LOVE the cover of Payphone.
Kodak no longer making cameras? My Kodak takes much better pics than my iPhone. Phones can't substitute for a good camera.
Drinks are necessary tonight.
that seemed pretty amusing from my vantage point at Olive 8.
Now learning about Princeton Prosody Project.
If the #Brewers were to fall out the #Mets could be in pos. to take Greinke. Greinke for Harvey and Flores?
take, Dong Zhuo, Yuan Shao, Liu Bei (however I like his current version better), Sun Jian & Sun Quan for example,all similar but
Safe Travels! Say hello to my beautiful city. Can't wait for quality time with the boys...
I know I'm late but I had no idea that Dick Clark died
Is that a request for a Harley Ride?
53 degrees in January?
I book talked all your YA novels so they were checked out of my library. Way to make job both easy and hard
Did not need #FSU to bow out this early, they were one of my #FinalFour picks.
You should send it to bed without supper, naughty iPad
I don't eat meat, so when I stroll into Carls Jr I decided to order a large fries. Anybody have any better ideas?
In NYC# Celebratory beauty & darkness.
Just united with other businesses to form Iridium Skye. Keep an eye out 4 us in event service market!
a true OG then huh? Just a piece of advice, anyone invites u to a restaurant named the Palace ChopHouse, stay the hell away
I'm growing a little to fast for them .
"Who is watching The Watchmen?" Nerds.
Verb need another case same as the last.
The two most popular #athletes in all of sports are now both in the same city. Hang on New York, this is going to be fun!
Having family on facebook or twitter is pointless. Its like saying "Hey! heres another thing about me to complain about!"
I'M GONNA BE IN YOUR AREA VERY SOON. JUST WANTED TO WARN YA. HOPE ALL IS GOOD WITH YA.
One of the Bad Chapters members owns 3 Gibson guitars
Oh God lol
This is exactly why I had to ask. I kept thinking of it as an anonymity device, which was obviously the wrong angle.
hey I'm in Starbucks if you guys are around
Giants Came to Play!!! Great half!!
The LA Dodgers have the best uniforms in baseball, in my humble opinion.
LET'S GOO ! I CAN TASTE THAT RING, CHARLIE SHEEN A BULLS FAN HA'
"Nigga they made them gats. They got some shit that'll blow out our backs ..... from where they stay at."
nope. hope you are well and hopefully Katie is feeling better:)
LMAO, You STILL owe me some Starkaburs though or how ever you be saying it.. Lol smh
Paid all my library Holds fees and got a 29.5” receipt. Dear ILS... maybe a paperless option in the future?
Finally some summer in the MN forecast! RT Sunny, breezy & warm high 85 via Jon Yuhas
I have the best hubby who supports my running and spending money on running in hopes that my running will get better :)
My birthday is next week. Asking Alexandria concert tomorrow.
LAPD checkpoint on Manchester avenue. Between Figueroa and Hoover. Stay thirsty my friends! Lol oh and Go Lakers!!! :D
I wonder if Jaclyn is inviting The God Warrior to the Solstice Party..
looks like I won't be able to go trader joe-ing tomorrow...so sorry but duty calls :-( foodbiz+holidays=dull girl
just saw it. Let's both look for someone. So excited to shoot with you, too!
holy crap, it's 6 PM & I just finished dinner. Feels like 9:30.
idk about that one. I mean all barber had to do was stay in bounds then not fumble. He did both
Having an AMAZING day on set!
The Capers connection could be key (assuming Im right that he coached him at HOU) RT : That name is getting more and more play.
i go dress up like Michael Myers (fromm the halloween movies) and scare kids *laughs* at my church
The psychic said to give him a chance--IF he called. I guess she knew that he never would.
hahaha cheeseburgers. I love you.
Thanks for the follow, you're doing great things in the comedy and video space!
Oddly enough, I've been using twitter less, but G+ hasn't affected my fb habits.
Thanks for sharing! The words resonated w/ me too. :) Have a great day!
God, what u working on? I’m not sure. Lazy eye, obese, brown hair/red beard, small manhood, low IQ, muscular dystrophy, I dub thy Ernie.
The great thing about teaching is that you always get a second chance to do it better.
I really have a problem cause i know i want to take a tinkle but i decide to wait it out for hella. I really need to stop but I CANT! lol.
I hate when people try to blame others for there fucking problems .
Im a loafers kinda guy.
Also, <insert GM name here>: Manny Ramirez bad fit <insert team here>. RT Theo Epstein: Manny Ramirez bad fit Chicago Cubs
Finally Friday, what a long week.
I luv Peace.Love.Shop!
Doesn't that make you want to cut loose with a marker?
Awesome...good luck on your solo piano album!
Is it wrong to use too many exclamation points on twitter or fb?! I think I use too many.
that will be very nice Kat, no worries for you!
how cool!
I feel like, iv been overthinking things lately
A couple dozen d-men are cheaper AND better than Martin, pathetic..
anything is better than writing this speech right now..
which is used to create the actual key. Most key codes are blind codes,
Ok Friday, please be kind. And very productive.
How cool would it be to help your staff with your own "Biggest Loser" competition? We can help!!!
Yeah, me too!
We're looking forward to seeing you guys at #DevNexus next week.
you'll love it just as much as i do!
Over praising Christ with young folks cheah!!!!! Loving it!!!!
haha just woke up for school xD
nope chicken soup
White people are afraid of Black people...Black people are afraid of crazy White people.
Aunt: "We're having Easter dinner on Rob's birthday, but he won't be there," Grandma: "We can Skype him." The times, they are a-changing.
Got hella faded last night! Filiberto's here come b dogg
Everyone go follow SOME OF THE BOYS FOLLOW HER SHE WILL DM!! FOLLOWWW NOW
Wasting my time..
#Upset city
I don't know. Can you do me a huge favor
OMG , Time flies when you're having fun ....the weekend just ended !!!
My ass was loosing the ball earlier lol
My timeline is booming. What's good chuck. I listened to that song like 10 times lol
": Somebody's always gonna try to break you down! You just gotta ignore it & say fuck 'em."
of course! :) anytime!! thank YOU!
Its a celebration bitches!
Who is coming out this weekend to dance & sing with Lost in Paris?
RT "We cannot afford $1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire” POTUS
Having info session&bake sale at Kiosk B in JC at 4pm today! Please stop by and ask us about TABLE FOR TWO!
I can't wait to connect with everyone on Twitter!
maybe he can replace Chapelle Waffles! “: Over 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like waffles.”
WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER - and with win became only 4th driver in NASCAR history to do what?
This plan seems MUCH better!
You telling me I can't, just motivates me more to do it. just so ya know, I'll be proving you wrong. :)
I should be sleeping, but I can't sleep.
#ThingsICantStand when people act like everything is a joke !
same... do you dare me to comment saying "ho0ldd MAAHh wEAVEE!" ? \
Outdoor living sales pick up for businesses in Myrtle Beach area
How do you wake up Lady GaGa? Poke her face.
doesn't do it as much for me but still same gut reaction: this shit is crazy.
The jury duty lunch DVD is Rockin!
Tonight tonight tonight free drinks ladies only spot
Yes-I judge books on looks esp when browsing. Title/jacket art/font=incredibly important to book's appeal.
RT : Win or lose im proud of my magic!
dis girl at our school look very cute online, but wen reality hit in school she look like a fuckin foot
Glad to hear it was fun in person! It certainly looked fun from afar...
Success and Great Sex
Is this what February weather is supposed to be like in PGH? I've never experienced it, but I was thinking it was a bit too warm recently!
I'm more of a thinker than a talker
what happened?
it was some peggie
: What's a good #Easter #recipe that involves a slow cooker, #chicken and chicken broth/cream of chicken? Trying to plan ahead...
Popeye Jones > June Jones
"after a dark night there will always come a brighter tomorrow"
#waystopissoffafatperson: Put thumbtacks in his Twinkies!!! Mua ha ha ha!!
Well after all that anticipation. I am going to go and get some goodies for a personal celebration. Congrats SAG-AFTRA.
HA! Love it.
hey lady where in the heck u been. Just saw Noel last week
Have I mentioned Cheesesteaks yet?
Convinced they made The Rock grow a goatee so people could tell difference between him and Vin Diesel
I'm sad that I have a meeting and can't be there with you too!
you playing ball with hindle?
Finally, a good Washington team.
Got my keys!!
yeah, sorry for that
If you are going to Milwaukee Film Fest tonight I'll be at the Oriental. Not sure what films I'll be at for sure but if you see me say hi!
A little too cocky
God give me the strength I need to make it through this day give me the strength to ignore stupidity in Jesus name amen
Hey, I kinda dig being a Twitter tomboy. (Any excuse to alliterate.)
I tell that to my dog when he pees on a fire hydrant, too. Seriously, dog, that's *been done*.
I hate meatloaf with a passion.
Power came back on at 3am last night, go to sleep, wake up and BOOM power is out in my building AGAIN! #bostonapocalypsePart2!
RT : Blessings Don't Come Just In Money But In Health, Mental & Physical Forms, But The BEST Are Spiritual Blessing
That episode was a mess LOL
Just brought my 12 yr old chic fil a for her bday lunch n a bunch of fries for her friends. lunch with middle schoolers, now I need a nap
I love listening to AJ He has a great morning show
Gonna have some gyros, baklava, and other fun greek foods at #panegyri in 1 hour.Oh,will meet up with friends but more importantly the food!
I can't buy underwear, balls are to big.
Slowly realizing u cant rely on ppl all the time
i wish could get over 1000 followers!
Damn it Jesse what did I tell you about making me smile!?<3
See you there... Thanks! RT break a leg on Glass Circle,ifim not filming Bush vs the people ill be there
what?! That statistic is outrageous.
takin my lil sister outside because my brorher is to lazy 2 do it.
Wishing everyone safe travels this Thanksgiving holiday!
If it takes you an hour to ask if I want to chill ... You're not worth my time. Ugh youngins!
Working tonight at 5. Someone come see me :) and then to Racia's I shall go!
GREAT song!
What's good this weekend y'all? I am bored as hell.
had a great weekend! a lil overwhelmed with decisions, but excited/ anxious @ the same time !!!!
:O and why u so depressed? :/
I've never had a student or parent thank me for how well I prepared them for standardized testing.
Thanks for the mention!! How was your experience last night?
Big concert announcement at 5:03 on Did i mention free tickets before you can buy em!!
Sorry to hear that. Hope it gets better!
Super Senior!!!! 3x World Champion has a nice ring to it, dont cha think? :)
Yellow Pine St LBC It's a Grind alum.. Micah herein ;]]
Hey Loyola the lights out at Hollywood, so traffic on Sheridan is a bitch. Moral of the story if you have final downtown take the El.
Will be nice to see 's skeletons properly vetted rather than ignored by FL GOP, plenty there, & Dems will remind & amplify
im actually feeling tired now so I might actually sleep
Writing. Under the dryer. At the hair salon! What are YOU doing?
Great night! Yankees win, DRob gets the save and Josh Hamilton has a kick ass night for my fantasy team ;)
Legrand | Ortronics Introduces Clarity(R) High Density Copper Solutions
Hump-Day Hipster BINGO starts in 5 hours...Are you ready?
What kinda friends were y'all ...
Had a great time at dinner with Too bad she can't go to hilton head.
yes! can't wait. lets lock in a place/time in the morning :)
why hello... I'll be your huckleberry.
"my utmost for his highest" >>
'BIEBS MEET LISA'
Google home page back to normal. Must be International White Man Day again.
I say enjoy the beautiful outdoors while the temps are still nice. Hit the museum in July when it's too hot outside. ;)
about 26 seconds?
I could see you as agent hill for Halloween. You just need a nick fury and agent coulson to hang out with :)
Greg Oden is just too big. Injuries were his ONLY problem. Youre clearly a douche bag huh?
TONIGHT - Code Red Friday Night & HEAVY GRAVITY & Special Guest DJs Sin Seven, Lank, Turtlefeet & Electronic Chronic & Lotus Resident DJ XES
How are you Nel? Thanks for the follow.
Sometimes the best cure for the way you're feeling is a good, solid
whats up with this" Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again.
Thanks for entering the Coathangers ticket give away. Don't miss them at the Comet Tavern tonight.
You don't have to agree with Bo, but you're arguing the wrong thing. Why does it matter whether it it's in or out of state??
as long as you are watching this season, all is good. Lots of nutty women this time around. :-)
Take it you're a huge fan...?
Shout to big Bruh Beat Go's Hard G!! #NiggasFromDaCrib!!
Haha sounds good. :)
sick on the nicest day this year so far. this sucks!
you have such faith in his awareness of the game industry he supposedly works in!
A brutal traffic jam on the way home punctuated the mehness of the experience.
Yes the Boyz come to New York but they actually don't really have shows no more here.They mostly go to open classes and auditions so yah
Thank you for being there for me especially when I need it most. Your such a great friend! xoxo
come visit me.
I hate all the cunts at my school, tbh.
go w/ what works when it comes to #fashion. I know would agree although his wardrobe is more diverse than mine.
time to start getting shit done
My life be like...
I can't wait till break only 4 more days to go!! :D
Only from the interwebz Bob... and we work for the same company. Small world, eh?
This pussy clean this pussy squeeky. That pussy old. That pussy creeky
I even took off my shoes for that!!! -David Eisler lol
#MyBiggestFlaw...I tend 2 over analyze & think way 2 much!
really? How tall are you? Well i also have 2 tats. After i turned 18. I got my nose done @ the age of 17. No more piercings
Happy 16th Birthday to my baby girl.
Waiting for a taxi
Acupuncture on NBA All-Stars and their families for Lounge at the Ritz Residences Downtown LA, Fri & Sat!
“: ((Ronnie)) your mom knows you love her. ...sad when you have visit UR Mom in a place with all strangers that are
well if you weren't going to vote for ersan no one was going to ..
can you explain more? how does navel gazing relate?
Give thanks for the things you do have.
Heartstrong fire contained says the Sheriff. Hotspots expected to burn next few days. 24,000 acres burned.
Happy + Hour = Sunshine x Fun & Stuff!
I am 99% sure I could eat roast beef every day and NEVER get tired of it. Especially if I had homemade mayo to go with!
Preds getting killed on face offs
Not fitness related but my car just broke and will costs quite a bit to service :(
": When girls think they can just learn pointe overnight. #DancerProbz" I wish #tweetless bri had a Twitter!!!!
Joy. Power's out.
it is by the bean alone that I set my mind in motion
thanks for the mention!
haha get a job pat !!!! Shoot dude that's all my job pays for is gas lmao
I haven't seen that tat, but that would be pretty epic...
Ooh, olive green! I like the sound of that. Aren't they super comfy?? :)
On the way to day #3 HOLLER *holds up a peace sign like a white girl* :-)
I MIGHT have followed you back, until you mentioned me and told me to.
- cat says p-bdays ran its course? Whatever man. This & Shoopy leaving? The ticket might be dying.
I think that'll be the plan, exactly. RT Be great to see DeVito in there on 3rd and 1; and Coples in there on 3rd and 10.
I don't care what people say, I love Taylor swift 💜
Also, I've got a paper topic and 7 sources for class on Tuesday = productive spring break.
Tourney time!!
I feel like I need to talk to someone about what's going on but idk what to say.
So I'm thinkin in the new year I need to amp up my plan to take over the world from my living room. Na never mind.
“: Chillen with Rocky, best cuddle cat ever.” you're with Snoooki?!
I hate a dude that try to be tough all the time... Sit yo SOFT ass down!
"Hey & I vote for #goldengroomeraward"”
Jesus, Joe! How can you fucking breathe, dude?!?! LOL
You can let them all underestimate you but never...ever underestimate yourself.
Ten years ago, companies reached their consumers through trade shows, print advertising, and other traditional marketing methods
Today I learned 40 year old tortas can dance better in Zumba than and I :')
Auditioning for a feature film today at pier39 from a call back, keeping the fingers crossed !
: You will never reach the right person, if you don't let the wrong person go!
sounds like your talking about Ha
All my ex's live in texas
Wait, what?
Taking things slow this time.Not going to jump to a conclusion but relationships never workout for me...keeping my fingers crossed.
Mira, new picture(:
I'm sad tonight is the last episode of #theexes Ready for season 2!
NEW song droppin in a min... Make sure u cop that & let a young nogga kno what u think.
lovin' this weather
Prince, Good luck in Detroit
I think that would encourage people to read you. We tired of the syrupy romance chick lit. I go for more serious stuff.
Still haven't accepted it? Today is your day. Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional "Your Best Day Today," at www.Rshamar.com
who is this "Dale" guy the Cubs speak of???
shocked the NY Knicks havent rolled over and died yet...
I am so excited to see my boyfriend
Thanks so much for sharing! We'll see you tonight : )
75% off when you book this week for January and February!!!
feel me nikka
Getting ready for ! Ready for a great 24th year!
“: To my players: Robinson's rebound = THAT is why I'm always riding you about rebounding with 2 hands EVERY time!”
Boyz night continues....
I may steal that.
My Friday night is starting badly.. I need something to do, somewhere to go. :c
Not the best dancer...but Shiite yo girl could do her thing..:)
good shit big bro
come live in Nashville and do us all a favor?! kay,thanks! hahaha, i wish </3
Look ahead...move ahead
Love it! Enjoy.
Waterskiing is so much fun
wat u tryin to say jazzy word
Getting excited for the #superbowl? We'll have a live sneak peak of preps from Indy &11.
You and Diane and The Streak would love this (if you haven't gone already!).
The woman on the right
Broke my bottom left molar eating chocolate chips. At the dentist now. Waiting...
YEP because Chris Brown is back.
At least I know I'm never moving up north.
And cheaper to transport than UNDER THE DOME I'd imagine
As soon as my fb changes to timeline I'm deactivating it 😒
- where's the list?
Nice one.
I'm not sure if I like you or not.
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
May I recommend giving up only WHITE wine for lent? After all, red is the blood of Christ and all that. ;)
See More WOW videos at - www.indiemoviemaking.com
The magnificence of mountains, the serenity of nature-nothing is safe from the idiot marks of man.
now I see what you mean about china....very different
All this way and NO San Antonio show!! ;-( Got to Antone's in Austin
lol yes i am...ever hour....until i need 2 sleep...dats the bad part, but until den lol :)
“: Girls, don't be possessive over a male. It's annoying.”
Cosmopolitan sends him magazines monthly even though he didn't subscribe
Why am I obsessed with weed? Cuz it keeps me blowed. Don't want No sticks, No stems, Nor seeds. Better yet pass that dro... LM(Blowed)AO
It just hit me... if I change my middle name to something that starts with an N, my initials will be "RNC." This is def worth exploring.
SimonThunder 4 the final Idol judge spot!Who else could do the show&contestants justice w/his non-sellout philosophy 5octave 60note singing?
That was just upsetting. No beards this year :'(
Theres always that one friend that never knows whats going on.
Rid your life of evil.
RT : The Detroit Lions stretching in the endzone watching the LSU Marching Band warm up!
Thanks for all your help! Your students rock! \../
Blue Ivy = the Blueprint IV..Get it Blueprint Ivy (like IV?) #getit? #getit? #getit?
Accommodation for your travels you find on XhostelX.com Your budget travel partner forever! ( www.xhostelx.com )
Aw yeah pancakes and sausage
I love
yeah I can see that
No, no, NOT awesome haha.
What were they talking about? Would you happen to have a link maybe? Thats cool to hear!
did you see my DM? I sent it to you. Good luck!
You are beautiful.
"Nearby he for Henry creeps." sounds like a line from a Shakesperian tragedy.
lovin the fact i have a job! ily princess everything i do is for you!missin him...
I hate being a guy i get a boner out of no where
&quot;How to create a mindset in students that you need to be vulnerable? How to mix confidence &amp; humbleness?&quot;
i just did yo(:
just finshed beating the game the king of dragons on my psp and just beat my family in dominoes
Its Friday whoop whoop!!!! :)
Happy Birthday!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
i love tacos!
I sent you a message.
30 point lead?! Give it up Lakers....
Tremont, yes or no?
Wow. Thanks to , I now know that turned out to be a) hot, b) fucking hilarious. A. Ma. Zing.
I thought the Alien movies were boring.
thank you sir! I appreciate that.
Ever eat at Cranberry Creek Cafe?
Haha Im just like not into these people ripping them apart. And Flyers fans are even bigger jokes. Leave halfway through G2
Denver police stand off still underway with man barricaded in his house; Tennyson and Vasser. Tear gas being deployed.
it was awesome enough. 1 guy with transparent skin (cause hes a shape shifter) just kild anthr guy with transparent
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
We gonna go to the hotel tonight :D
It's getting dark out :( Going to go lay in bed xD
Ouch! Just heard a smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love. To quote R.Kelly, 'a just fell up out my eye' :'(
I think I've ID'd my frustration with Community - it's more clever than funny... Perhaps it's a #cleverdy?
Where is CUT? I want one!!
Passed 50,000 words of my space opera and reading Cassandra Clare in my spare time!
Yayyyyyy!! Now I just need the second book to open! Haha.
YES MA'AM! Good Lord it's tough, but it is truly mental first --> "...obesity is something most ppl have control over..."
Thanks to everyone who attended auditions! Same time same place next Friday ^ noon-1:00pm
We are booking a US tour in June/ July. Get in touch if you want to book a show
how's your fantasy matchup looking going into tonight?
It's a beautiful day out!
How about a personalized baby basket? We can do one for you at Bath and Body Bistro.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
Must go must buy! The Wedding Beat is out! Smart chick lit from a guy who covered weddings for NY Times.
Tell about a collection you have now.
#games Tiny Airships
(Ralph Waldo Emerson) Eloquence is the power to translate a truth into language perfectly intelligible to the person to whom you speak.
awesome, dude!
Coffee time!
haha false again, but thank you :)
My sister is looking at a magazine with "Don Francisco" on it n she says, "he's getting so old, he's gonna die soon" Made me LOL 4 reals!
Wow. 's feed, full of RT's from Wikipedia malcontents, is killing me! Amazing how many ask WHY? when the blackout page SAYS why.
So who's excited for the weekend? I know I am!
are u out of practice yet?
ok ur really disgusting dont want to talk no more
how was Mikeys?
State passes the witness. No questions for Lopez from defense. State rests. Defense testimony will begin at 9 a.m. Monday. No court Friday.
keep following please:)<3
- Let's see some Visit Milwaukee banners or signs in the parade!
please follow me!!! i want very much
thats actually false any real pretty boi does haha
oh sorry is it to much to ask if u can ask Sam to follow me please
Puss in Boots <3
You're very welcome! Have a great week!
#LeBron = Mr.Clutch. He took over in the 4th!.
We are so excited for the future! Big plans and surprises for you all coming very very soon!
u better follow me im such an awesome tweeter
About to go to my grandma house for dinner
Sold out for tonight's preview of "Dear John Mayer", starring . They're howling. You should too. Openfist.org.
* « Everyone stopped texting me t-.-t»
Aaron W. Dobbs librarian.
Can't wait...gonna dig into my chocolate, peanut butter cupcake...looks SO good!
“: It's a nice day for a tamale, fries with rosemary garlic sauce, a BBQ Pork Banh Mi, and a coke :)" and now I'm hungry
Club saga 2nite party rocking Wed in full effect $3 you call its! Arrive early!! Me will be spinning!!
get a refollow from the best burger in south beach
Zero followers.. I guess this is a good time to announce that tonight's show at house has been canceled by the artist.
No nervousness needed. I watched my sister's procedure! Over within 5 seconds per eye. She reported no Pain.
I kind of didn't because of your ways were so fucked up. But nigga you know I care.
There's never a bad time for basketball
my mom is def tech-savvy but hasn't gotten into #socialmedia yet-got her an iPad for mothers day so I'm hoping it'll catch on
Stay soulful
Jim shoettler just might be a Democrat
There are schools that analyze the risks of TEXTING WHILE WALKING ... no comment.
Thank you - but of course I was joking
Give me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
I'm sitting about 40 ft from you at the cubs game #wheresthesun?
ugh no way jose. safe sex all da way.
WOULD YOU JUST ASK THE FUCKING QUESTION
You are welcome! This is my 2nd SMSS. Glad we could connect!
ugh, my ears... it was loud, okay!? haha
My little sister (who's 9) probably cusses more then me. And I'm 7 years older then her
Much better receiver than Teddy, for sure.
What things are causing your business to die or grow right now? End of first quarter and time to do an autopsy. Make changes as necessary.
what is the song played on the intro and promos for the Bucks post game show? I know you posted it before but I forgot.
“: Nice....Rock it !!! ..: Exited to sing tomorrow en español at First wednesday! Don't miss out ””
Things change, people change, feelings change
My mom isnt even letting me audition for xtreme. She got mad at me for asking. I really hate my life right now.
Thanks, and yes. :)
Oh wow.. Make sure you rest too or take some time to do something fun too.
*****CHECK US OUT ONLINE!! WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM TONS OF PRODUCTS AT PRICES YOU CAN AFFORD!
Thanks and for the referrals! , looking forward to meeting you!
Is Lily your daughter? She's a cutie.
Just love this “It's not about the goal. Its about growing to become the person that can accomplish that goal." - Tony Robbins
What she said RT : getting logan ready for a nap and jamming to 30 mins to upstate check his shit out people!!
new that was coming thanks dog nuts
Mike Mayock knows his shit. Take it to the bank.
Just saw a trailer for Battlestar Galactica. Reminds me I have to make watch (NYT said it's the best show is the history of TV)
Wow... The clothes (or the lack of) people wear to walmart! Smh...
I could only wish ;) - the were in a brews quintet together back in the day
- Hey, no worries... It's only your LIFE!
Cool, iMessage so all the Apple nuts can talk about Apple amongst themselves without bothering the rest of us. :)
Excuse me. Super caffeine soda is not a replacement for sleep. LOL! …and we drive on the roads with these people. :-P
Does anyone remember any blogs being written about the WI Capitol windows being nailed shut? Need info for my thesis
If you've tweeted #TSPARMY at least once in your life chances are I love you c: thanks for all the support so far guys!
I need some ideas for a YouTube video please help me .
u culdnt even imagine tha moves were makin over here...but u jus keep stuntin 4 twitter...
watching the Virginia Tech vs. Maryland game.
RT : Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Following, sunshines! Much love from New Mexico...
Obama support gay marriage!!! LETS MAKE IT LEGAL IN EVERY STATE!!
NFL should embrace it! theres no EGO like so many mediocre millionaires in pro sprots!
- Yes! Me and Tim Grogan playing for Rae Hering at Mercy Lounge! Come out!
4 More Years!
Obviously an all-skyscraper metro area would be bad. But not much risk of that.
My 100th tweet!
Amazing ride y'all! Great photos too, sir! I'm curious about your route. Wanna share?
Nope. No big heads round here--that's all you boo. Just mean he gone be smart tho. ;)
Followed : ) And thank you!!!!
How about "On Wisconsin" on the Pepsi Max commercial with Regis?
You were my everything , but now you're just #somebodythatiusedtoknow </3
Taiwanese English major taking Asian American course in Taiwan: Can I be Asia American?
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. ~Wayne Dyer
Thank u SO much for the RT! Miss you on AMC! Thank you
"RT Q5: What are some products you use to help exercise your pet? #furchat" A5: Running shoes for US! Exercising takes two.
!!! RT : Recording the SNAILS EP right now!!!
I live here. I know what's goin' down. Also: I have many, many friends in the CPD.
Listening to Evan Christian at Kafe Kultura.
I use Wikipedia all the time to learn about things. It's a great first resource for learning about almost anything.
629 Monroe avenue
plain .... Or. Blowup doll
Oh... I see. But hopefully it can be reduced!!
its not up to me.. its up to her. and if she leaves.. guess shes over me
I hate that I like you so much.
Boyfriend will be perfect if he was the somebody else.....purrompan!!!
Take all your life experiences and pour them into training the next generation Kay Coles James
...and then the apocalypse comes.
Tomorrow is going to be huge! translitmag.com
Like how am I emotional over something filled with essentialist conceptions of Southern Women.
Forgot I took a benadryl and then took an ambien so I can skip this migraine. If I never wake up, please launch my body into outer space.
100% biodegradable sandless sandbag..No more time and money wasted to build traditional sandbags.. Can be deployed in minutes.
From 3/11 : , songwriter to stars, Stoughton mom of 5, by #TaylorSwift is a fan!...
have a good day as well
they are coming to my school on may 18th! :D
could at least spell the dude's name right
hey I haven't get any followers and I followed u and da Oder 1 plz help me! 
i just sent her a mean text lol
when one teaches from electronic texts, one is also committing oneself to tech support.
love you 2 (:
There are 2 (two) different types of corn syrup in the jam I just put on my airport bagel.
- That's crazy! Well, good luck to ya!!
I wish I could indulge on this Fat Tuesday, but since I got my wisdom teeth pulled today, I guess i'll have to settle for soup from Panera.
MPLS Mayor Rybak calls stadium bill a good piece of Minn politics. Not perfect, but one that addresses parameters set by GOP and Vikes.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THE HUNGER GAMES!? are you #teampeeta or #teamkatniss ?!?!
thank u 4 following and hello from SoCal.
#RIPJohn My mothers really good friend... Him & his gf died </3 I guess it was their time to go :'(
thanks man. hope you are enjoying Synergy - nice cartrail shots from earlier
