you say 2 weeks of Harbaugh v. Harbaugh would be too much? Your obsession with Tebow is the definition of "too much".
I've partied in Puebla before. I would see your set there than im my hometown of Las Vegas any day!
morning have a great
When I heard the news this am of Brian Dawkins retirement from football my heart was saddened to see him go the main reason I was an eagle
I wish I had 5 hour energy
So much else going on tonight.. NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs & MLB baseball. Gotta love the month of May!
Did Theresa win a chipotle lunch again?
hmphfff. Man of your word? I think not!
My twitter is so fucking creepy. What's wrong with me. Done posting "love tweets."
Worlds Unknown: The Regions Ignored by Google Translate
Seems that the more prominent entertainment industry tweeps should do more to campaign/inform abt the absolute debilitating nature of drugs?
it's kind of true that you can make the stupidest picture look cool haha but it's like twitter for your own pictures
If you are into #DC #brunch and #charity, you NEED to check this new org out!!!!! First brunch is April 15.
hey F:S! I just sent over my application to be your next social media intern! Hope you like what you see :)
So why do I care, I care at all At all At all At all
"""Heidegger brought our fears to the center of his existential philosophy"""
Speechless... absolutely speechless... 32 yards?
Seniors at tonight's Senior/Faculty Banquet be sure to say hi to who wants to hear about your favorite memories at Simmons!
I have a co-write :( !break a leg!
Make sure you create something for Mother's Day.... don't just buy it. "B" A Movement #B BELOW THE BRIM
I am now offically in a suburban neighborhood as I was invited to join the monthly Bunko game...I had vowed I would never do that-LOL
. I'm getting so much spam on here nowadays; have you jumped the shark?
Check out Nathan's Tree!! A new contemporary Christian band with a desire to spread the message of Jesus through music!
Fat ass. . I bet cake crumbs be ur mouth when u wake up n shit
Finally upgraded to premium. So worth it.
Watching the sandlot in creative writing
Amazing offer in Bethesda, MD: 52 % OFF QiGong, Acupuncture, Yoga www.healthydeals.com via Plz check it out!
thanks asshole. Now you got me singing it again.
Next person who mentions their follower count is getting reported for spam and I'm stealing all their good tweets
Looking for a great late lunch?! Come to the B for a Turkey Scallopini, or a B Veggie burger! Open until 5 today!
“: Does anyone realize USF is 6-3 in Big East? #STANHEATH” As long as you have that's enough, Dickey V!!!
More locations in the East Bay: and Pegasus Books (College Ave.) are now selling Issue No. 6 for $1.
We're Florida based too - love to chat about collaborating.
More 💉 after I leave the 💈 gotta be fresh for super chevy bitches.....
Good night Twitter Mmwah;)
No. I need to wake up at 6-7 so I can work out hard. And then pig out on protein. I cant do that at 3pm. :(
Good! How Busy as always, which is a good thing. How abt you?
The Holiday season is upon us and this is our gift to you! Enjoy HALF-OFF massage every Saturday in December! By appointment only. http:/
thanks - sent a fax to the gift card dept. It was definitely stolen, but I have the original receipt.
RT : It's hard having a friend of the opposite sex when youre in a serious relationship
: "Say hi to yuh mutha for me."
At the Nat, watching the #IndyGrandprix. Still cool to me that these are the swimmers we'll see wearing USA in London.
sweet, maybe I'll see you when I get in. What bay are you in?
Huntsman: Bo Xilai case will be isolated, now part of anti-corruption campaign
HTC Taps into Tegra 2, Android for Upcoming Tablet [Tablet News]
Yess!!! Lol “: I just had to advise that I was always available to sing background for pulling me through”
#OomfNeedsTo make up their damn mind already
Tonight stupid as fuck
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
So many people adding me daily that its hard to keep up.. If you added me to your home brewing circle, I'll try and get through all the...
So, I just knocked over my watering can on my balcony. People on 2nd Ave are prob pissed. Sorry... It was a total accident.
FACKKKKK My Computer Is Dying.
A great day for Georgia music therapists. SB 414 passed in the Health & Human Services Committee allowing licensure for MTs.
Charles needs to do more Golds Gym and less Jenny Craig.
so you do RT ur fans, i like that.
Okay with all that, we get it lol
thorough, yet tweeted from the wrong account.
I work in a shelter for homeless peoples here in New York
- My sentiments exactly re the swiss army knife with the flash drive! :)
Are you a labeorphilist - a collector of beer bottles? If so, pick up a Dundee Variety Pack this weekend to add to your collection.
For my fellow PR pros, does it date me to use the word 'backgrounder?'
hahahahaha no way
A small crowd gathers around Alonzo Ball as he sits on one of his 3 horses accross the street from Trinity Baptist Church.
so glad you are here!
At backstage for the play.....
No podium in my AG but PR'd none the less! Good to get a race in. I needed that for training motivation.
I'm getting use to this thanks for ya help
Any Vikings stadium plan that requires the demolition of Lee's Liquor Lounge is a bad one. Lee's has won just as many Lombardi Trophies.
Thank you for the RT! ^TM
so true
You should put 1D or Harry in your backround!!
followers of ---> NOW follow
thanks for the follow, but guessing you may have been looking for they're cool too.
LOVE it
Thank You #trueblue you Rock!
Lol sorry k fell asleep
Hmm, Im thinkin I can two more hours of sleep in. "Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep..."
feel free to get some more $ and take any of my shifts this week..finals kicking my ass
Damn pine tree's... heading out to clean up these FU^*ing needles. Blow that shit into the neighbors area..lol
Can anyone think of a venue in Vegas that can hold 100-200 people doing Yoga?
The #JJHC2011 committee would like to thank Brook Kroeger, Kate Panuska, Faculty and Staff of , John Breslin, Elliot King..
I also realized I can't spell garbanzo, and it's the same word in Spanish: ¡Pues, callate et dame un garbanzo, idiota!
At least it works on iOS! Maybe we should, at some point, find an audio only streaming provider. In fact I know Mixlr is great
whta's happening to the un?????terrosrists make speeches!!!!
Keep the Rio pics coming!
Lmao!! ": Cheers to Glad u Nama-stayed ur ass in Houston. Took me all mornin to come up with that #sad"
Museums are respected institutions that can bridge the gap with schools in encouraging the use of twitter, YouTube, Wikipedia.
I would like to thank Tina Price in the Short Sale Department for her diligent work & assistance in closing 9913 Ardwick Green Way
I looked for you but you were probably watching mean girls
all this Orioles karma prob means the Ravens will be horrid this year
is on the voice. Congrats on the better hair.
get over here and you can! Actually, I have to leave in 10 mins... But I'll see you after that!
This little birdie sees blue skies!! The sunroof open, windows down and music providing the soundtrack for the evening to come!
This song got me thinkinnn !
" Sounds like the Bears wont get Mario Williams.... appears the Bills are in the lead--with the most money"
Have fun at #140cuse today! Had a ticket, but couldn't make it >>
both white wine & salt work, it depends how bad the spill is
Duh, Of course.. He know how I like it. Lol, More than that fye head this timee. He gone dope me. LMAO
Woah? Natl Margarita Day? How did we miss that one? Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ;) RT Yesterday was Natl. Margarita Day...
Am I really the target market for emails that say 'Real Sexy Older Singles in Your Area'? Really?!
Put a folk in it. New York is done.
AW! HUGS!
Balboa Park Wi-Fi now live with 40+ access points... 30 more to come. My favorite is the ZoneFlex 7762-S with a 300M range!!
For everybody staying in tonight itss okay! We goin hard young!
RT : Hey SD -- Who's coming to Park @ Park today to watch the #Padres season opener? Away at the Park starts at 1:00! Free parking!
Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.
your tweets wouldn't have showed up in my feed of I wasn't following you
I love Alysha Bremer! A great friend(;
Kisses to my new people ! Tx 4 the follow!
Hey everyone - we're The Paramount & we're getting ready to burst onto the scene this spring w/ great music, food, drinks + more. Follow us.
okay. Just wanted to make sure it made it in good order.
“: I love you SS!” I love you so much too!!! So happy to see you on here again!!! Xoxoxoxoxoxo
OK I need a recipe for some awesome mini-loaves of bread or something to make for a family foodie exchange.. HELP!
I was @ game last night. He was lights out. He had just hit a big three when he got hurt.
Mario "Foul ball, back in the booth." Rod "Where you goin?!"
im moving :/ it stinks I move like every year so I have no friends :(
#Merry #Christmas!
This next album will really set me apart. It doesn't sound like anything I've ever heard in my life.
SO WHEN YOUR LONELY ALL U GOTTA DO IS CALL ME..
Hope you slept well! Thanks for stopping here, we loved having you. Send Fred photos when you can.
I'm too attached to the people here, can I take them all with me?
Us, Today... new song? Done. Hear it at MOTR on Feb.12th!
Perhaps we live in a peculiar state of grace
he keep fucking forgetting what he teach tf trying be a English teacher nshit. Bitch u teach gym!
Will Smith and Angelina Jolie are my absolute two favorite actors.
is there a particular account I should tweet at to report app issues?
That awkward moment when astrology twitters are obviously run by your friends...#right?
I knit or play guitar. Sweeping works, too.
Maybe Francona will now go the way to Damon, Boggs, and the Babe: to the Bronx. And would someone please throw at Carlos Guillen?
Heading to South Park Abbey Restaurant for launch party for West Coaster, the new voice of craft beer aficionados in San Diego!
No problem:)
and make momentum changing plays and force #UofA to call a timeout. 19-14 Buffs.
I'll have to check it out. Haven't used it.
Thank you thank you thank you, good sir! Ah! The finale was perfect. You know what I'm talking about. Chuck and Blair. <3
Happy 4th of July!
wow, by the CELL? now 7,000 data sets open
at a set tryna turn up
Would you rather with :)
It took a little time to get into but now it's so weird it's kind of good.
#FF to & ! Follow for info on upcoming events like tonight’s launch of #WonderlandFridays. Be there @ 9!
Shittiest week in recent memory. Roll on 5pm. Happy hour in Milwaukee is going to be abused.
What's the wife look like?!
On my 3rd hour marking bibliographies, I really want to fiddle on Wikipedia. I settle for writing this tweet. Back to work.
follow and please :D x18
The 305 is good man. How's PA? You still w/ the USTA? RT : What's good Boris? How is the 305 treating you?
75% could work too. 65 is too low.
Still haven’t checked out our college night? 9.99 for a Lrg 1-topping, 4 sodas & photobooth coupon:dine in 5-close w/ valid ID
you're right. I'm sorry.
The officer was in the wrong for imputing incorrect data and it resulted in a innocent man being shot. If not the officer who pays for that?
How are you feeling this morning?
Cleveland Policeman Steve Loomis supports and voted for Phil Pavarini for Cleveland clerk of courts , and you should too
'The Larry Sanders Show' is streaming on Netflix. In related news, I'm positive that Dr. Phil is a character played by Jeffrey Tambor.
Why was Cinderella able to surf the web?Because he footman turned into a mouse.
Work why dont you stop being a dick
btw who the fuck owns a globe these days? 🌍🌎🌏
all that sounds awesome but replace boyfriend with a girl then it would be better!
please follow me I love your tweets!
if it doesnt work out, you can always do like Al Bundy and make a 'Tang-wich'...tang + bread
What a crazy game wow
everyone's getting their nails done.. Except me..
LOL! If I did that with Ramen, I'd need the paramedics on speed dial.
Two things: 1) Make it a pro UK story and 2) I can't believe you stood me up for my prom. was right about you.
Mixing my new CD-day 2
hey, what's so funny. I was pretty hardcore back then.
No, I won't be live tweeting. However, if you want to be on the list to know when baby arrives Text CLARA to 68398. Powered by
I gotta possible gig for u, wussup Moe!?
We will finally get to meet you today. Look for our Baby Blue shirts. Great News.
. Whatever next ?
Why can't things get better
Anyone up for lunch after this time slot?
Referee actually assessing penalty on Devils for playing "Party Rock" in tense OT situation
I need to put my laundry away and do some work.... But ooooooohhhhh csi is on.
when I was cool?
Watching Matilda with takes me back!
You know what's going to happen, A J will win 20 for the Buc's if he is traded. Never fails when they leave Yanks
Ive gained this terribly awkward habit of wishing people a good day and even though they dont say it back to me I say thank you.
That was...quick.
Dear #Obama, could u please spare us all & STOP using "I want to be absolutely clear!" Now I want to be CLEAR-STOP using that worn out line!
Its funny when they be like that rihhhhhhh .
I am never gonna change my background 1. Because I love it 2. Because the picture is on my other computer and I can't find it anymore:(
sure. most weeks are open for me. will email you a few times.
Welcome back to the bay area Mr Tejada and welcome to the 2010 World Series champions!!
I think soo....
Somebody make this man sit down!
Court docs suggest motive for murder in Pearl District was robbery. Police say they found the victim's watch and wallet on the suspect.
Yeah. I'm teaching race/ethnicity and obesity on Monday. You can bet your ass I'm using that as a counter example.
When I meet somebody, I want to leave a better impression than when I got there. -Tim Tebow
so _that's_ why my BART ride smelled like a Bacon Cheeseburger the last time I was there.
The morning's getting better with every sip of coffee! Here's to #MaxwellHouse m... m... Good ;)
It actually only takes a HS education to have decent grammar.
I almost put that on Facebook
Stupid gas is much cheaper down here in Texas. And it shows.
No, you don't. Because I didn't do anything.
12/16/2010 Landing Pages: What are they, and how will they drive new business leads to your site? Romero Research & Design
Might head out to the mall to buy my mom her giftt ..
#FridayReads finally getting to Leon Perotta's the Leftovers, and I am so flipping excited to read this book :)
back to work after 15 days off grid. quite overwhelming, esp 350 emails to sort through.
NLT is looking for an experienced CAD Archivist. This will be a short-term contract opportunity in Baltimore, MD. Must have experience w…
sent it to your inbox
I may have a headache, but you best believe the radio will be on full blast when Lullaby by Nickelback comes on
Canes is closing? Somebody better open a venue devoted to Tribute Bands STAT!! Cha-ching!
lol troy is still terrified
: suborbital industry marks a move away from a capacity-limited market to a demand-driven one
Don't stand to close to the heater girl.... Plastic melts.
How are you today?
pick a subject anything I got it
Can I request you don't post any more articles for the next 2 weeks while try to write final papers and study for exams? Thanks.
Happy 21st to my best friend!!
I've decided I finally feel ok being honest with myself about the type of person I want to have a romantic relationship with.
we do NYE in style, ALL-INCLUSIVE style > www.bignightdc.com < you won't pay INFLATED prices for food & drink, it's included in your ticket!
only 12 trying to tell me that he like my style
Prediction: In Detroit, the tweets per second after an Inge walk off homer would exceed that of Obama's gay marriage support yesterday.
Sweet!! Im glad you liked it!! lol were planning on doing that at a really big show :) lol like in september with chiodos!
Ugh, dude, I was gonna have a house party for Allstar this Summer. But it's freaking 20k. Like are you kidding me.
It started at two around here. TPR HH, nothing like it. Can't wait for Rascal tomorrow. We are gonna be six rascals dancing about.
If I'm ever in a financial position to buy my own house, the two things I'm adding are a firepole and one of those bookcase doors.
My Fantasy BB team is dying. RT : Getting tougher and tougher, though. At some point Weeks needs to start getting some hits.
Thanks for the RT!
turn on NBC. They're putting the names up.
I'm urging them to schedule a screening for students specifically in this area. Agree we need them on board
maybe if you told me before I got back...
Gearing up for egg hunting with my side of the family! Wow. My kids are insanely happy today.
Woodfish recording more tracks at Suffolk Recording Studios June 20th!
and awesome!
Same here! So fun! Happy Weekend! RT So happy to spend time with you both today! Thank you :)
that's the truth!
You were my world.you were everything I though about .You were someone I always thought I could never live without. Did you see the WERE
Good Morning World.
Barrett spokesman says Walker trotting out unverified numbers "to mask his economic favor"
Grateful for life.
Any new shirt ideas for this coming baseball season which starts in tminus 42 days... #
Join the for live blues music with Tommy Dukes Blues Band, Sat. May 19, 9pm. No cover charge!
you had to put that . lmfao haha But yeah He is youurs we established that already (:
Open at 11 for Red River Shootout. Irish at 2:30. Some LSU also. Good Food, Cold Beer. Get in here!
that is awesome, did u bring them w/u 2 #innotech? If not we hv cell phone collection boxes locations
No follow back = unfollow back
Can't believe it's only Wednesday. Longest week ever.
We are hiring the following FT opps: Interactive Art Director, Graphic Designer, PHP Developer, Front-End Web Developer, Lead Technologist.…
hell back!
let's save water? So, justin, can I take a shower with you? *kidding* Follow me pls *_*
This is an interesting study! There are some very talented female administrators in sports...
sure will...we'll catch up sometime once we're back...
I know I'm so sorry I'm such a lagger :( I need to fix this problem.
going on now, Urban Encounters: SightLine - Motion Art Presentation @ 8PM FREE EVENT outdoors at 14th & Champa in Denver
After the start of show 4 I realized Dave isnt Ryan Reynolds
MAAAAARRRTY MARTY MARTY!!
Preaching my first message this weekend at RC3 on idol worship. Just now realizing that if I do a good job everyone there will be offended.
How much of our tax $ is being used for the supposed #Rapture tomorrow? #NORADTracker #CDC preparing for #ZombieAttack makes sense tho. :)
I liked frank where can I find him ;)
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron AirBud. But only on the basketball court.
Thanks for the help with RBZ last week. Love em
It's a date! RT : Thanks for the warm welcome and hope to see you at Donovan House soon!
Thanxz for Following me ! Much love ma !
Old C with my #NAPA crew!
Nortel bankruptcy mediation begins with $9 billion on the table - Toronto Star
thanks bud. I'm sure today is not easy for you.
I like the rain, there i said it. So if you would kindly not drive like assholes we can all enjoy natures sweet melody, KTHANXBAI!
Great big band rehearsal last night! Performance at my recital on April 29!
right there with you. What a waste of perfectly good weekend.
Trying out this new iPhone app. You speak into your phone and it does all the typing for you! texting and driving is back in business!
you're my hero.
RT : They couldn't have picked a better person to sing this. Jennifer Hudson
Can we advertise on the site?
Massage Therapy in town today . OIAs this week
#HighSchoolMemories When tropical storm and hurricane come and they use to call off school. Them was my favorite days.
Just plugged in a USB cable on the first try! Woo hoo!!! Take that, 4th dimension!
yes! embarrassing or they remind you that you're thinking too hard, even when you're at rest. haha
There are a lot of drunk people on this train for a Saturday afternoon.
That's like having a friend that thinks it's okay to say The Phantom Menace is the best movie of the Star Wars saga. smh
They won't panic? Smh What do you call all the hate tweets to Shabazz? Stay classy.
I wanna be someones superhero. <3
But I can't eat anything there!
Well, it looks like I gotta get my machine singing beautiful songs. Pronto!
published? Roomie is published? Tell me where so I can look it up!
Honored to be part of the Songwriters Night @ The Mucky Duck in Houston tomorrow night w/ Lisa Morales, Graham Wilkinson & Brian Keane!
native communities have no word in their languages for art. They consider it just what u do. Live.
": Okayy then don't talk to me ! #igotyou"
true story: Roy Halladay's son is on my Little League team that I coach.
can tweet bible scripture from a rotary phone.
"THE DEEDS YOU DO TODAY MAY BE THE ONLY SERMON SOME PEOPLE WILL HEAR TODAY" --Saint Frances of Assisi
Love is like war: Easy to begin but hard to end.
Two bain girls found. Adam mayes is dead.
Every time I hear Jean Alesi, I think of those powerful Ferrari V12 engines. What if IndyCar tried something crazy like that?
is that online somewhere?
Obamacare - If it was a right, you would have the right to refuse.
“: did they announce how far that Bruce hr was?” -- I'm sure they will as soon as it lands
This syndrome is most likely caused by a hormonal imbalance and can be reversed naturally
Obama--wow wow wow.
And on that note, I do. And use incognito browsing. Because if the rest of the world is anything like me, beware!
LEATHER FURNITURE HAS TIMELESS APPEAL
Think imma try to get my nose pierced this weekend.
thanks for all the #FF appreciate it.
Thanks Carlos! Looking forward to partnering on something at Content Marketing World!
what's your real name ....
I'm hopeful <3
makes me happyy :D
Hannah deserves a standing o!
#SOTU health care talk at last! Says won't go back to insurers could rescind policies, deny coverage or charge women more
Suddenly I feel like hell up in the nose-n-throat. I must be allergic to not smoking and to posting updates.
Summer rain sweet rain!
163 members of Congress voted to stop DEA raids of medical cannabis facilities. Thanks to all who worked so hard to
both during elections and in between to ensure our officials represent the 99% rather than corporate "people" who fund campaigns
-__- gahhhh Y U SO SLOW!?
updating my picture....there are so many places to do such a thing now a days
Wait...isn't a #MIprimary that's too close to call kind of the same thing as a #RomneyFail?
With a cool start this morning and clouds on the increase temps will stay in the 50's today. Slight chance of rain in the afternoon.
There's nothing short of dyin that's half as lonesome as the sound of the sleeping city sidewalk and sunday morning coming down
at least im drinking tea 8)
want to change up your cardio workout. Try HIT runs. Makes for a great change and calorie burn.
Morning guys. i'm freakin tired.
How so? I can't wait to get the CD!!
Women that break plans...
I cry on this movie every time
Pietrus looked solid in warm ups. With short bench he could have some openings.
Yay for Hunger Games and BIG yay for the gym!!! I'm going to HG tomorrow.
unfollow them then honey!(:
Thanks a lot, Nicholas. We appreciate it and look forward to seeing you on the 28th.
- thanks for the follow - let's get The Playground on your radar ;)
heh. Im tired
walking down memory lane this morning...nostalgia with my AM coffee
I can't never say my mom didn't tell me so
WHERE DA BRO TORY AT CUZ IM ABOUT TO STEAL HIS TWEET LBVS
anytime! Happy Friday!
Finally checking out my building's rooftop. Now just need the sun to come out..
A few observations/themes from listening to ag producers and agency reps today: Input prices continue to climb while crops prices flat.
The results from my finals are in: All A's and A-'s in my graded courses! Maybe I should have expresso more often excluding 9 shots vers.
Having one of my last cups of cappuccino and fullo.. kimchi mushroom.. saltcheese.. indomie again..
I am in! Headed that way now. Cc:
I wonder if people in Arizona are ever like: "Well, I'm nauseous, but it's a DRY heave, you know."
I'm going to go enjoy the Denver sun instead of reading everybody's terrible trade ideas. That one's for
you got it anytime buddy! Thanks! for the support
When we hear 's vocals bounding though every hall of the Simmons Center, we know it's going to be a good night.
RT : Why do students put MY name on their papers? I know my name. If it was class name/section that would make sense.
Laptops for Kids & Teens starts at 3:30pm. Because it's easier to coordinate your team's strategy when you don't have to library-whisper.
Toms and stripes today
white papers are all the rage - they are replacing Ambien as new #1 sleep aide!
Snow, time to break out some hot cocoa and oversized sweaters c:
I wish I felt as good as you do about this team
will u plz #follow me plzzzzz
I'd absolutely love to take you out :)
Hahahaha no! Definitely not!
There is Buddha for those who don’t know what he is. There is no Buddha for those who know what he is. Buddhist Proverb
Hey new twitter friends!
That is a great looking watch. I want it. :)
Thank you so much for all you've done and all the great memories! We will miss you!
Finally, I haven't been on here in days... Smh!
RT : My brother is a doctor & delivered a baby named Y'all-Jealous Jones today. This is not a joke. Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
First smart toothbrush with Bluetooth interface
nice page
congrats ! she gave you(:
yikes...which is it ???
Those Astros/Colt 45s jerseys DO look pretty sweet. I'd wear one of them, and I HATE the disAstros...
This week's post will focus on education costs, the return of the investment, and the economic effects of higher education.
I think im going to make an album just for on my phone because of all the pictures she takes w/ it and just leaves it there.
well that's good so am i
Do you think Packers might be able to get a shot at either RB in draft?Trent Richardson or LaMichael James
Red lobster date with tha boo :)
okay they still taking all day ugh lol
S.F
“: Do You Guys Think It's Time For A New Avi ?”Sure why not..
We want you at our event! Let us know if you're free May 21st from 12:30-3:30
glad you liked it!
Been watching holiday movies on Hallmark. Thank you Larry Levinson...
Everyone I've ever dated has been a perfect ten...to someone
Back on this incredible hulk shit
Hey guys! Get the word out!
Needs to be productive...
Today is my annual attempt to clean out the garage day, oh joy.
We use a highchair/booster that sits on a regular chair. Seems to keep everyone happy (and marginally cleaner)
Being as funny as Jimmy Fallon
Niggas need to sit back & just play the role mayne
#SomeFactsYouShouldknow, You're getting confusing and i don't know right now?
ha ha, I think I did. I was drunk and lazy. That is funny. Great pick up on poor twitter etiquette!
Sucks getting up for bootcamp w/ , missing my bus by 10 secs & the early train. This late train is slow!!!
Twitter is trying to meddle with me!! Haha my DM's are all out of whack and I've lost my photos :(
Catching up with technology with
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving,. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Getting drunk with our seemingly never ending supply of Shiners.
Likewise, thank you for the follow and the great support!
i been to 2 diff clinics an got 2 diff answers but im pretty sure im 15 weeks. ill find out for sure this week.
Kicking off the afternoon: moderating a Personalization Industry Outlook feat.
I was enchanted to meet you.
Tomorrow might be the last day I get to wear a Ranger jersey till next season that is depressing
like the logo a lot. :)
Im #Feeling u like im #Blind promise me u won't #Waste my
San Diego Zoo today!! Yay - never been! :)
Big Bang was great! Really fun episode!
what up man welcome to the flock bruh. Gt ya twitter game up!
Jam sesh in the studio to 's with me?! Love it! -Ashley
We cannot let LA respond quickly now
no sir I can't help you with countertops, but if you'd like to request a Flo Rida song I'm very capable..
every time I want to tweet to you it comes up with T-Swift first. I'm considering just unfollowing her.
I said I'm okay but I know how to lie.
I think that it was Scooter who posted that malaria tweet on Justins account. Justin is partying, he's not gonna be tweeting about malaria.
Rap makes me want to get nasty, maybe it's because all they sing about is sex. Ah skeet skeet. Word.
Create Commons 4 R's - reuse, redistribute, revise, remix.
my wrestler is the undertaker, becuase he the best entertaning wrestler to watch :-)
i know but they had the game cj blew it
Casting for a film 3 white females age 17-25 mature RT! $
"I liked being able to move along at my own pace. I was able to complete the course in just over a month!" - S. Burghoof
That's not about today's opinion.
Senators see ballooning national crisis: helium shortage: At a sleepy Senate hearing Thursday morning, the Energy and Natural Resourc...
I'm hoping we can do it, loyalty is something I'm guilty to a fault on, I respect how you feel tho........
No matter where u are in life, your
Proud of u!!! Looking forward to pub crawl this Sunday
I'm quiet so I say a little. But my actions speaks loud
Feel sorry for the guys out there.
OH LORD 😲
haha no problem!
My weekend has officially began... begun? Started!
In game interviews are ok I guess, but when you are showing the interview in the booth INSTEAD of the game? That's just stupid.
your parents died D: im so sorry
Well, just killed it on MTVs NYE special with Mac Miller. Dance is still lots of fun :) #proudsistertweet. Happy New Year! Xo
the same reason guys do... THEY'RE SEXY :)
It seems like everyday I hear about another library system that is pulling Fifty Shades of Grey. I thought we had moved passed banning books
The "just 5 more minutes" stage of sleepiness when you know you have to wake up and be some where but u can't get up <<<
school is trending !! UCLA ^^
Dear John Lennon - I sure hope you passed on some of your superstar talents to me given that I was born on the same day you died.
follow my new business page
Ahh just saw a restaurant down town called Pita Belly :). It reminded me of
U are a amazing man. I've been a fan of Urs since fftl. Thank U for being you. Owner of Broductions Entertainment -Justus Kalson
Thanks. ISTE is only a part of our time in San Diego - we want to hit the zoo and Legoland as well.
Having a late lunch with my Mom, cousins and niece for my Mom's 65th birthday...
I made fish and chips for us...he said he wasn't hungry..a few mins later he puts a frozen pizza in the oven...thx...
Tall guys give the best hugs(:
hey Pretty Lady ! Did you get your Stinky on this weekend?? D
Buy a new one. She deserves it RT anybody know any tricks to get the smell of vomit out of a car seat??? my baby is sick :-(
That Awesome Feeling In Your Throat When You're Chewing Minty Gum Then Drink Water (;
nigga i'm so fucking sick i think i'm dying...
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; - Romans 3:23 KJV
Is there any books or papers you can send to us for review?
I got give her game proper, spit it so she'll get it, there she is I got to stop her.
Do you have a facebook?
I figure one day I'll be able to get a decent amount of sleep with this splint on..maybe just maybe..
Looks like a good win for Louisville.
follow my bad bro i switched pages
People in attendance to comment about #amendment1 will still get to talk, though.
Uuuugggggghhhhhh I'm so BORED!!!!!!!!!! follow or tweet? I love u so much and it would make my day much more awesome!
Being #lazy and watching #oldschool TV shows. Saved By The Bell and Boy Meets World...they just don't make em like this anymore.
Sounds good Lisa!
keeps me busy
I have a french test tomorrow.
I know you're wondering what's wrong and if I'm okay....honestly I can't say that I know I am
did you pick up some pork chops? I need to hit up Bashas for some pork chops
a que hora?
We should specify -- it could be a basement, cellar, castle or dungeon-type looking location. HELP!!! #location #movie #comedy #help!
Following you! =D
you making it out to west coast for the block parties this weekend?
Dear , please stand with farmworkers. We'll happily pay the extra 1c a pound. via
I get tired just thinking about joining a gym.
Drummed for 2.5 hours with the Pigtown community. Good times!
Just days away from the 30th Annual Heart of Texas Regatta! Are you ready? What are you looking foward to? Any predictions?
Shout out to on that 1-trip-zeros tweet...WHATWHAT! Congrats!
we will!:D please follow mee<3
Paradoxically when I lessened my NEED & expectations 4 the deeper connection, our connection deepened
What #NACUA AC session are u most looking forward 2? "Dealing with High Profile Interest and Advocacy Groups and Agitators" is up there.
My only human friend is brittney smith all my other friends are cats.....
ONG THE SHADE OF IT ALL
25% OFF ALL DAY!!! Use code browns25 at checkout to receive discount! W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer25
how are you?
Can't believe May is almost here! 9 day class May 2nd and Eve. class May 3rd! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I'm going to the BTR concert and I'm so excited!!
It's officially a dusty bluebird day here in Anchorage, Alaska. I'm not sure whether I'm glad to be inside or sad that I'm not outside.
Wow abdc is really good lol, did he follow u & thank u(:
YES! Very scary!
I dont think anyone is judging for eating, I think ppl are just in awe of the entire situation which isnt helping him!
It's True..
Eugene O'Neill on The Iceman Cometh: "A big kind of comedy that doesn't stay funny very long."
When I see it, on video in five years, I will send you a direct review!
Lol its funny when one of my mixed/white friends try tahh qett qhetto.! Lmao my tummy hurts...:'(
slow but I'm about to stop planning and start making some decisions (also title of a book :-)
Thanks Britni. Look forward to hearing from you Jewel.
most definitely! I think it gives us new energy haha
When it comes to online video if you can say it in 30 seconds, do it.
hello cutie
I need that 6000.00 from PRA to start there but etting it could be harder than normal
yes you did. Their still sitting by the door where you left them
is so gorgeous and talented i hope she follows me :)
You are very welcome. Thanks for the mention :)
Happy B-Day, love ya:) JR
When someone asks "whats wrong?" and there the problem.
Rock chalk
Winding down at #delltechcamp Great day at the O2
Too lazy to get up and get a book I need. Might be the lingering effects of thanksgiving.
Would anyone else like a shoutout before i hop in the shower?
Patrick told me its swellers/Ymas co headliner
In the studio with
Sounds interesting. I might just have to give it a Twhirl! Ha, sorry, I Just couldn't avoid the pun!
seriously with this train
So excited for this summer! The more I talk about it the more I just wanna leave!
You're just gonna have to creep on my music instead.
“: If When stuck in traffic, the only lane that doesn't move is yours ... Retweet #hateLAtraffic”
I've got you pegged (generously) at 70 +/- 10
Carlito Fuente knows how to produce a fine product. Good times
Uncle Miles coming through with a giant bag of PopSicles for the team! Yay!
I love you my amigo! Haha
always :). Thanks
Vaughn went to sleep on me 
Trade show display specialist offering a wide variety of quality display products and service our customers
Am I the only person that hates EVERY SINGLE O'FALLON BEER MADE?
Ha, fair point
Congrats to for the NEA grant to support your amazing event!
Issue number 14.16 has just hit the printing press. We got it out early, kids will be happy tonight.
WOO HOO, more rain!
The Cougs lose by 15 but were 36.5 point underdogs. They played pretty well, and showed some good things during the game.
thx for follow! Love love love God is Dead (story & book). Curious: which came 1st: idea to name Powell, or not (as in The Sun)?
New to the twitter thing. Sorry for the late response. I'm breaking new ground in my industry w/interior design. lets talk.
Dear Vegas, may I have my soul back?
you make me wanna!
Every time you hear a fart, say: "I should have bought Toot Away... yesterday."
oh, sorry, i couldn't tell. happy easter to you and the fam. is it still sunday in japan?
Congratulations for $1,000 in revenue and landing a new vendor!
Please email your November events in Press Release format to
pretty good (: and you??
I do not ever want to write a blog post again about something as complicated as EU privacy laws. Never. Again.
Usa soccer
Digital organizing at #demtraining. Pintrest? Huh?
about gramps...we will keep u in our prayers
see you then. Bring your appetite.
besides me and two other people if you want clarification
#Virgo is grateful for the chance to find some solitude on this busy holiday to let go of external stress and connect to the God within
What do you say re: value-add & performance evals that claim to account for those "conditions"?
If I can just make it through Wednesday..
Great info already!!! :)
my skin is theirs
Fuck, I don't wanna get up in the AM
"If you bite and devour one another, take heed that you be not consumed one of another."~Galatians 5:15
#OFFLINE going off for the night be on tomorrow aint going in school until 10.40
I am so happy for Dave and even if she did steal my dream husband :p jk jk he wouldn't marry a fan xD
yea, basic training shows the traditional side of the military when people used to be motivated.
More artists' resources coming soon... Taking a short break from the interwebs. @ us if we missed your event/news/info!
why r u crying
So I got a question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement #you'reloveismydrug
Well it's 7am. Guess its time to go to bed.
Hopefully this one is better !
Well damnit if I miss writing why am I tweeting about it?
To hear songs from: The Sweet JuJu Band go to: www.reverbnation.com/bobspeirs
To hell with studying... I'm done for the night. Hot shower then bed for this girl.
Comptroller Franchot is already here.. Fashionably early? I plan to thank him for getting my state tax refund back so quickly
Calcium deposits are awful....
I was late for work i sat in traffic gotta get my ass in bed early but i wont i'll be up on this freakin computer.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Had a dream last night I was hired to redesign California Pizza Kitchen. Like, all of it. Honestly, it wasn't hard.
thanks, all for coming out to last night. Glad we could be a sponsor along with , , , & a bunch more.
I'll be drinking Pretty Things Beer and Ale Project - Jack D'Or and Brooklyn Brewery - Googa Doc Pomus (cause I like the name).
#JetBlue is having another PR weather-related nightmare. Are they the only airline leaving people for 7 hours? If so, why?
At least Gogo doesn't shut down IM, like on Southwest : )
is going to enjoy the State Fair of Texas with my mommy today!
LOOL good brother! :') tbh it did kinda work cos up till this day i'm shit scared of taxis :$
lmfao i just sawthe pic of us! WHERE ARE THE ONES WHERE WE MADE THE MAC & CHEESE!? with the spoon on my tummy hahaha
Let's follow each other!
throwed off remix old songs gettin played
What a shitty fantasy week for my team.
Cholesterol and Fat.
Break a leg!
All kinds of pairing happening today - UI, dev spikes, SQL. Feels (and sounds) good.
Weed b having some of yal breathe smelling like 💩💩💩💩😝😲😖
Visit Capital One's new recruiting site for college students: www.capitalone-campus.com
Have a happy and safe New Year's Eve and New Year's holiday!
I would!! LMFAO! My little cousin was looking at me like I was nuts
Rum Punch
YAYYAY I just realized its Friday!!
Ripped out the carpet and redid the hardwoods in the bedroom. Going for the rest of the house in the next 2 weeks before big trash day
“: Google Chrome commercials, making grown ass men feel like PMSing, 16 year old girls since 2012.” I'm 16 and PMSing.. What?
thats good news for me, i'll see you soon then
thanks I didn't know that! Cal was at Krogers last Sat.
done and done lol
Oh good! Is your roommate happy with the teams picks?
thanks for sharing with us guys!
he needs to be released from those undies.
Can u say desperate? RT : Looks like got the official #wiunion talking points. Not about jobs now, all abount John Doe,
Late night making samples for a photo shoot tomorrow. New pics will be up on the website www.lovepopsdc.com soon!
FANNY PAK NEEDS TO LEAVE ALREADY
Wendy's baked potato for dinner. BOO YAH!
my dearest flower, i haven't seen true beauty until this day. TS3
yes, I am! I'm excited about it, thanks!
Tubby left On his own, Gillispie was fired due to off court issues.
Patron called for directions to the branch
to packed hate that shit lol
Will be good to have you back in Jax, even if I can't make the event to hear you speak. Have fun with & !
"If you can accept losing, you can't win"
Isiah 41, 28-31, but verse 31 is my favorite especially being sick allot; & doctors or people in general don't want to give a helping hand.
Quiet day - soft rain falling. Have to put a little effort into getting charged up to get through today's to-do's. How do you get motivated?
Hope you have a relaxing day off. Enjoy! :-)
Watching UFC fight and eating a damn good brownie somewhere in scottsdale!
Thanks, Chris. I appreciate that.
great flick! Next one should be called "Riverside" starring
I hate the noise of my alarm. It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Still trying to warm up after 35 mile bike. Toes are frozen!!!
ah. Ok. But the reality is that to 60 percent of the american people do "like" him and we need millions of those people.
2 u as well!
Also we have Robert Johnson Guitar Clinic in 19th Floor and for you seasoned uke players, Advanced Uke in Beale! Starting 1:30!
hahaha - glad someone picked up that reference !
If you can't sling it, don't bring it!
M... "Summer Cocktail Attire"
Why do you say that ? Emily said they won't know till Wednesday..unless ...:0
This SYFY pos makes 2010 Moby Dick look like Gone With The Wind.
How do you define #YFE ?
wats good man hit me up fam
Why thx sweetie. Not a mom, but I'll take the compliment. Xo Hope you have a good day tomorrow.
I think licenses are for alcohol SALES, aren't they?
Use promotion code PGAZ10 at checkout to receive an additional 10% off all rental reservations made in December.
Happy Friday Facebook Friends! Have a wonderful Labor Day Weekend!!
Home from a long shift.
apparently she's on Fox. Didn't know who she was until she spewed her anti-gay rhetoric.
At the movies watching never say never
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin! Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
And on the 7th day we rest. New Daily Finds coming tomorrow!
Two days in of being a vegetarian and I have eaten salad, eggs, bread, muffins, and a cinnamon bun. I have become a continental breakfast.
I was at the White House yesterday while the Packers were there. More ppl there to see Packers than Pres
didnt we say the same thing last year?
#Mets need to make sure Chipper retires.
happy monday - Revo is coming to San Diego soon!
Of course I'm going to vote. I'm proud of the right! SongCast...let's see...a one word hint...repetitive...
This Day in Blues History: Johnnie Taylor’s “Cheaper to Keep Her” peaked at number 15 on the U.S. pop singles chart on November 24, 1973.
Just in: wins Audience Favorite Dramatic Short at the !! Congrats to our cast and crew. Thx to our AZ fans!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon. ♥
i dont know how i survive with the bs in this world
KAKERA: A PIECE OF OUR LIFE (2009) -- subtle, stinging J-drama about the soft and hard elements of love. Watch it, but not on a first date.
I'm always thinking of some outrageous bets lol
Your not fishing?
Thanks for the post on Discover! Happy Perihelion...only 147,055,00 kilometers from the heater :)
no it's just a bunch of awesome modules, the branding is off :)
Looking for Great stuff. Visit www.publicsurplus.com. Similar to Ebay, but All auctions are from colleges, government organizations, etc.
Grubbin' at #LocoMoco before physical therapy .
" give everybody a present tonight and drop this chump, alright?"
Do not dwell in the past, don't dream for the future, concentrate the head on the present moment.
no. Too early to tell if we will have any Severe Weather. Monday through Wednesday.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like, It's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge.
And the way you do that is by having a bigger “yes” burning inside
Would never do that too em if I came up wid them
'as he is gracious and merciful so you should be gracious and merciful' abba shaul purportedly in some medrash somewhere google it
Champion Of Birds loves
Phersy > Jerry Maguire
So if that large coffee I drank earlier didn't wake me up, the thunder and torrential rain pelting downtown CLE definitely would have!
M&A Tip of the Day- There is the new Healthcare tax coming into effect on 01/01/12 of 3.8% that will cost you that much more when you sell..
You've got it. The "real world" will have changed by the time the students leave school. Make a difference now.
Happy Birthday Big Blue Nation wishes u the best & many more to come!
Really not in a good mood.
during the 06 drought, whenever conf rm tv showed rain on radar, I would #HAPPYDANCE, co-workers will verify
Also seeing tomorrow, so if you are around me in the next 24 hours, prepare to get death cab vomited on you.
I think all three teams have a great shot at getting to the Sweet 16. Cabrini played in a weak conference and could be upset-prone.
I be on twitter more than I be on fb...
#Weights this morning and a 1-hour #spinclass tonight.
The light had escaped them as darkness fell upon the land. The beast was walking as a man but with no soul inside his flesh. There would be…
love you <3
Can anybody pick me up, I don't feel like being here..?
YUM! Sorry I missed it...I need the downlow... cc
sorry bout it Rapunzel!! 👸 at least we put you in un yeso!!!
Considering what I used to do for a living, I'd be willing to... LOL!
This place is going crazy. Raffle tickets almost sold out. 32 teams #ManDiego thank you for hosting
Tip of the day: the strength of the wind reveals hidden secrets.
All it takes is a little faith,truat and pixi dust -peter pan
What's up with your boy wade????
Couldn't be simpler: Visit the details tab on any taxon page & hit "add an article to this page". PM me if you want to chat.
Fuk... and and fucked me up... Now let's dance
$1500 per auto in UAW benefits seems to irritate people more than the equally unsustainable benefits for public union workers.
well done #mirror &
I listen to you guys every morning!! You guys rock!
Maybe there's hope for this after all.
don't wait for me, I may meet up with you at the bar.
I find it a fascinating contradiction how you believe animals have a right to life but not babies. Shouldn't all life be sacred?
'Voice Over' got an honorable mention at the 2010 NM filmmakers showcase! Yippee!
- love the media day coverage!
forming in ATL!
The SUPER BOWL is right around the corner and YES we are open!! A must have snack at any #SuperBowl celebration is __________
Will you be my baby?
I feel so bad for Rivera =( I know this was NOT the way he was planning on leaving the league. But at least he's still going to the HOF.
Just finished watching the new and how to rock! I'm excited for the 1 hour special of victorious. :]
There are some books that I can read over and over again. What books have you read more that 3 times???
What you been up to
. uses it!
We are filming 2 new poker reality shows, If you are a poker player and live in AB Contact for casting information.
It just fine. Just get to feeling better. And duh with your awesome dance skills teaching us and motivation it'll be great!
Go Cubs Go!
I know I'm heavy Nothing a big steaming bowl of bean chili with extra cheese and onions wont cure
really enjoying reorganizing our finances, etc. in the church office. Who would have thought?! We can begin to dream about the future!
I honestly hate when ppl try and hook me up with ugly dudes .
can we do thursday next week? I'm going to brave crossfit on tuesday. or we can do late tues?
I think has forgotten about us :(
WHUT? Just got a PR email talking about "back to school." My head's gonna explode. #sofast #sonumb (<-- REM reference)
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for your big contribution to our lives :D
“: Just aced my first official college final exam." awesome!
A4: Don't get caught up in numbers. It's all about connections. 10 good follows/followers is better than 100.
At the end of blessed day we don't have anything if we don't have good health
#Obama didn't show up for court, get's a free pass automatically.
RT : New Blog post up on the not-so-recent trend of adding a strength component to spin classes. What's your take?...
I'm doing very well! Almost all my injuries have healed, I just have some trouble with my ankle still - I'm very lucky tho!
Kobe's shows are too nice
World Pizza Games events: Freestyle Acrobatic Dough Tossing-First Division & Fastest Pizza Box Folding. The rules are GREAT reading.
Woman deserve so much more then what they put up with & settle for... (it's sad)
Viva mexico!!! viva South Africa! Predicted a tie....
Thanks ! I thought of favor you could do for me after all. Could you pick up that book from Urban Outfitters?
Thanks again Boris! Have a great day.
Dear knight in shining armor, No thanks, I'll go with the guy in combat boots with dog tags. Sincerely, my Marine is my hero.
If seeds hold, you'd play those teams later anyway and only get home ice in the 1st round. They matter but they're not everything
were two Giant Series 1997 tapes and they both had Kobashi/Misawa.
Apple Cinnamon oatmeal <3
A patron wanted to know about afrofuturism. Got to tell her about Sun Ra and Octavia Butler, but then she disappeared.
Lakers are inconsistent, Clippers are inconsistent. Is there something in the Gatorade at Staples Center?
This year's been great! We should be thankful for our health, our friends & family, and Twitter.com! What's your resolution for 2010?
Israel moves to thwart pro-Palestinian "fly-in" - Reuters
It's hard to be in something you were never a part of.
no school Friday kid, dnt forget 8am on Saturday
okay, maybe i said that last tweet wrong. lol
Good morning twitter friends! Join us today Join us for the #SPPC #StPeterandPaulChurch Fiesta! #Wilmington #CA bit.ly/kP9R8u
FYI: PDN Top Knots photo contest extended until Jan 11.
eaving in Tony
haha well ill say hi first just cuz I'm nicer!(:
only on days that end in "y"
STTUPIIDD ppl get on my nerves -___-
Who's got two thumbs (as of right now) and is carving pumpkins tonight?
you should follow if you dont already =)
#TheDevilWearsPrada is on Fox Movies?? I have it on DVD so its kinda pointless to watch on TV?
Hell Yea Bro Cant Wait To See What The Bears Have In Store This Year
Thanks for swinging by!
Finally started watching Girls. I can't get enough of Lena Dunham's witty one-liners that ring so true. It's a love-hate relationship.
Who's gonna pitch if tie this up?
I hate product placements Who cares about Avatar. Get on with the game
Skippin with a guy who used to hate me .. Strange ?? I think so . Lol
Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber.
I was never good enough for him, Anyway. Its at the point now where I don't even give a freak.
oh ok but im not tryn to flirt k
waaiting to see what team i made! ah this sucks.
I will NOT be sucked in!
: overhead is absolutely a part of the cause.
Meet you at the ATM
thanks hun, sorry coodnt really kick it monday...was a lil busy :)
Our soup is Vegan Chili; kidney beans, red peppers, jalapenos, tomatoes and Boca brand soy crumbles.
Snowing back in Portland-Sun and 74, here in Vegas. Not sure how I feel about that. Weird.
: if I kill a BLK person everybody will keep it movin. But if a cop kills me I will have a army of protester in the streets.& u ...
Wooh! Party! Wooh! RT : Senior Salute today 4-6pm at DeVault Alumni Center. Come out for free food, music, & surprises!
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book ....
I think i just made my first 3 ever in a basketball game....i think its my first time i ever even shot a 3 hahaa #guardswagg :)
From switching on to actually typing in the tool bar it takes 20mins on this laptop...not ideal
That amazing feeling when someone asks you if you have a boyfriend and you can say yes<3
bo the heat bitch
if i make it early enough, I'll stop by BK for coffee.
#Huguely police video played for public in Charlottesville court. He's visibly upset when told Yeardley Love is dead but no tears.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.
Just got back for youth.Reading on "The Lucky One" day dreaming about
Thanks for tweeting about Found LA!
it's supposed to be relaxing...I'm afraid I'm just not seeing it :)
And, what do you wish you'd learned while in school? RT What do you WISH they'd told you at your graduation?
The theme is the Power of Giving. It's an opportunity to thank someone or maybe just highlight a special cause. Your pick! :-)
RT Needs to stop being such a fatass and start a diet/exercise plan. Fuck
Renee and I are on an #OscarMission to see all "best picture" nominations, plus #TheIronLady for which #MerylStreep is nominated.
Im ready!
Go take a nappy on the beach. STAT.
Spring Fashion 2012: done. Time for sleep. Link forthcoming.
Just leaving lasertag. I forgot how much fun this was.
Tell me about it. I got elected.
1. Ugh, tired, going home. 2. Happy that I worked Giddens into my background (Shh, don't tell Melissa). 3. I love gummy bears.
Very happy & including the HUSA Administration is apart of making history at the 1st HBCU Awards 2012.
thank u for sharing
The VooDoo run out the clock after the turnover and the Predators lose 68-61.
Thank you as well! ;)
mostly Jim was speechless I always have somethin 2 say plus im an outstandin athlete & never once been tired in my life
bit by a dog during my run this morning.. 2 puncture wounds, scratches, bruising, swelling & a police report later.. I just wanna take a nap
www.NewWebDomain.com you can register a domain for up to 70% less than other registrars. FREE HOSTING CALL ROCCO 847 514 8785
considering buying a Virginia Woolf book for my library. really feel like I need to get the Hankins seal of approval first, though
you make me sick
actually my car is silver so it worked out great. It's almost all done underneath so not even noticeable.
new loophole buy now
for more than $1?
got to be the beef n cheddar it's my favorite!
they seem to be kicking up their game lately. I think the collections have been getting better & they are promoting it better
Being stuck in traffic without dental floss sucks.
culd u follow back
You're beautiful <3
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in a zoo. Don't be mad ill be there too. Not in a cage, but laughing at you.
Listen People.....Follow Me......I know the way!
"A society which seperates its warriors from its scholars will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting done by fools."...
"I thought Jason kidd lived in dallas... what are you doing in new York."
Sitting outside in the shade and grading final exams. The end of the semester is near :)
Hales on Rose Quarter: "It's an unrealized place." "I'd like to see a corporate HQ there." Maybe Columbia Sportswear
Man ... it doesn't happen very often, but boy did I ever get pissed off tonight.
do any archivists out there write/read project blogs? I'm starting one and I'd like to see some examples...
All these tweets about #casesmc are making me jealous.
is now live in the finals. On
i can't wait to see think like a man
Awww, he's a good egg with a good sense of humor.
Kid next to me in the library not only has the same voice, but talks just like Andy Bernard.
"Honey, it kinda sounds like those people are just chanting tits." - someone standing next to me
we're working together right now... #Itswhatever :/
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
disregard females, acquire currency.
Join us tonight for Happy Hour 4-6pm 1/2 price sushi, beer & wine 9-close 1/2 price draft beer
Hi Jeffrey. Thanks for the follow.
TY for a responsible stance #duediligence is still needed
Cannot wait to play Arlene's Grocery tonight!
Who's ready to tear up some dollar crabs tonight?
“: s/o to my cousin for this awesome pik he did :)”
yeah baby!!!
Its sad. I was a otr for 2yrs. And had the problem of ppl following to close. I pray no on loses the life.
Thanks for a wonderful screening in #Chicago w/ on Saturday! Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Candace Gorman!
It's almost like it was made for you.
I can't wait until my baby gets to indy in sept. Tickets are already purchased
Weird, Twitter is acting odd. Just had to re-upload our photo. Noticing others are having to do the same.
Tech savvy college grad w/ Ruby on Rails experience? Opportunity to make it big in NYC awaits you! Contact me - Lead Programmer position.
I'm not sure how this is supposed to get me on 'The Real World: Tampa,' but you're the boss, Mr. Seacrest...
lol watching show about Boris Yeltsin. Him dancing around is funny as hell.
Excuse me. Um, excuse me. OH MY GOD, MOVE!
#1 reason why #SalesTouch clients use an interactive touchscreen system: engages consumers, encourages finding out more about the product!
Happy First Night!
miss you
clean water speeches.
Love this quote I just read (unattributed): "Without data, you're just another person with an opinion."
Green Marketing is new and innovative. #admerica!
Made it just in time for POTUS's #STOU speech ...... whew!!
Runner on third for the Cardinals two out 7-7 on Triple
you need to interview Bob Uecker sometime. That would be gold!
They immediately remind me if the wallflowers and the allman brothers band had a love child
thanks a lot for the shoutout :)
thank you I will for sure!
Okay so clearly I forgot it was friday. Oops:/ but follow these studs pleaaaaaseee And everyone else:)
who u wit
Good luck!
I would if I had some sort of internet connection...
William Levy😍😍
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.Francis Bacon
Ha. Love it. RT : Google "askew". Right now. Hilarious.
2 Schmirnoffs, Under the Table and Dreaming, 15 minutes...guaranteed we're suckin face
Cant wait to hear Giles little pussy coach cry on the sidelines when they lose.
I just died inside.
i wont all i have to do is #RiseAbovehate just like john cena does
good morning to you!!! Love your pic! Where you headed?
Happy anniversary to and !
Thank you!
Busy, busy, busy day today, & I can expect more of the same for the rest of the week.
Oh man. That'd be the worst. But don't worry, I'll try not to.
I had a beautiful dream with austin Mahone
. The 1st time I got one of those it freaked me out. I'd only been on twitter a few months then and wondered what did I do?
Green Bay Packers 13-O. Go Pack
where was u jammin at
Yes, and very funny
The highest form of socialization is
Yay! Exactly, 1 day at a time! Congrats on loss so far! You're doing it! RT : thank you. Weigh in today-lost 13 so far,slow&steady!
The humble PB&J varies greatly depending on ingredients and cost. It's a staple of the American diet. Annualizing 'nutritional value' for U.
Thank you for having me on your wonderful show! You are amazing <3
: Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
Going to hollywood tomorrow <3
i love you :]
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
Congrats on Organic Leaves!
My husband just called me a theo-punk.
totes saw you waiting for bus on Michigan Ave as our bus flew by...so HI;)
enjoys the worst of music
I might consider voting for #JayBruce for president if he keeps hitting the way he is.
guess who I'm listening too?!?
snagged a reservation for us at Aviary tonight for cocktails! : ) What to get??
ADRIANS NOT INTERESTED.
she got hit by a boat and almost died... People die everyday from that stuff... Her life and "popularity" revolves around justin
watching beyond scared straight, lol they bitches.
Headed to the funeral at 2pm New Mexico time. Please keep the Knowlton family in your prayers... Thank you!
I AGREE
you heard mayday parade's new song?
they dont get paid, seriously!! i used to think tht too!
You bet! Wish I could've gone, but am here in #NYC. Where can I find the best recap of the weekend?
Long time no see. Would love to connect and catch up some time soon.
time for some major #pillowlove i'm so exhausted and stressed
"I like it when he sings to me"
McIntire's grandson calls us "the keepers of the raw data"
Bout to do inventory for the club...#TeamL.A.X. nightclub..lehhgo
hahahaha Tim don't want ya baby
<3 I'm still in shock you posted on my wall :) I started screamin I love you
Systematically identity top designers as early as possible
Love the colors of En La Playa, so excited I beat the crowd! How are the remarqued?
Exactly. Unfortunately you can't ban them either.
Email me at .us
Just tipped off in Greensboro, Tech on the board first with a Gani Lawal free throw.
Today is the anniversary of V-E Day. Make sure you thank a solider for all of their sacrifices.
With all the #brewers injuries and mediocre play it makes me wonder - can you play short? Or pitch middle relief?
bedtime story?
Woah. Betty Draper likes her nomz.
'd T.O. play tonite? lol
you should follow mee <3 & creep on my shittt . (;
Feel better soon!
If NC State gets in, we're cooked.
The sluttiest girls are always the ones who say they're not easy.
YES! Haha I did the stairs today.. my legs are still pretty okay.
1st and 2nd no outs and of course this american league monkey of a coach Joel Maddon doesn't bunt. Amazing how bad these managers are.
Will be drawing with a nude model starting Thursday. New experiences abound!
Are you serious????
That is the worst, funniest shit ever.
They say money can't buy happiness. But money can buy chocolate and really...what's the difference?
I Do Not Feel Like Gettin Ready. I Just Wanna Wear Sweat Pants Nd Go.
#WelcomeToTheLife Where niggas try to front about they whip....Nigga thats the same car I rented last week.
Finally I have come to the end of another work day. Off to job # 2. Enforcer & Smooth Operator. Okay father & husband.
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRETTY PLEASE?!
Thank you! We're delighted to hear the celebration is going well!
That really shouldnt have made me feel better, But it did.
awesome! we'll have to chat about project mgt soon! and, i would love you to meet Imogen ... be forwarned ... she's 100% octane!
Why couldnt the pig lab be the final like wtffff
Compared to our corrupt politicians, she is up there with Mother Teresa
XD RT : The fact that a "Carlo Clean-Up Kit" needs to be a real thing is actually terrifying.
Welcome! RT : #RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to! I enjoy the daily! cc
Just invest in some heavy-duty sandpaper to keep the edges nice and rounded. :D
GOOD MORNING PLANET EARTH!
alright, will do!
Lapsus Linguae => A slip of the tongue
At last the 2012 Membership Scarves have arrived at the Kommandos HQ!!! Join Us / Renew today!!! Prost!!!
Laced up movement !
If I want to spend more real time with my family, is it a good idea to get a smart phone?
I FUCKING love when people hang up on me!! :)))
is working on packaging the latest version of Symantec Antivirus for testing by the group.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
here at the #latism party.
“: Ugh. How is there only one episode left?!? #ABCScandal”
Sometimes, wanting a little more proof that it's real isn't asking too much.... Least I don't think so!
#DTownTV can you do a segment on the differences in focusing screens in dslr cameras?
Rockin with authenticity! I'm working on Blades Greystone's Episode 2 - The Road to Success - Licking the Scabs: Confidence and Commitment
Hungover breakfast with before goes #Ham on the Celtics.
Just got my repair quotes from 2 business days! Very happy with the cost and wonderful customer service.
Thanks for the Momo promo! They (Momo) have a new album in the works...
Looking for something to do this weekend? Check out the Latino Film Festival presented by !...
we do it BiG in #Boston !
- haha! Keep wondering if I should torrent that. I mean it's Tom friggin Hanks, right?
Yesterday was a bad day for Chicago sports fans. Both the Bulls and Sox blow late leads and lose. At least, I got my taxes done.
what do you think about the Nene trade? And do that mean for Wilson Chandler?
"Appreciation is like an insurance policy. It has to be renewed every now and then." -Colonel Dave McIntyre
and now i pinterest until my iphone falls out of my hand
Just thought I should let ya'll know that our BIG upcoming event will be this Saturday June 18!!!
Can't thank the studios and networks enough. They are showing great support for SKINS in 2012.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
haha I definitely need that. And why are you looking into email stationary?
#madmen in #Boston? YES #SEO #News they #hire like it's 1963. Women & Men 40 years or older NEED NOT apply. #Age #Discrimination :(
What y'all know about them 4's - Reesco put em on the map - Im finna put em on the globe!
Affirm: I will not let outer circumstances determine how happy I am or how successful I can become.
aw,she definitely is:D <3
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
THANKS can you tinychat with me?
RT : RT MOMeo Magazine for Work-at-Home Moms: Business Tools | Parenting Advice | Mom Lifestyle Tips | Mom Blog | Mom...
Reading "The Woman Behind the New Deal." Story of amazing woman (Frances Perkins), & excellent primer for successful political activism.
yeah I was dying and barely checked my phone. Basically slept/recorded and that was it. Had to even go to a dentist in orlando!
everyones like "stop trending louannah" lol, just saying louannah is still gonna trend it, dumb fucks
How I lost 45 plus pounds?.... COUNT CARBS!!.....Forget calories....forget fat....you need to reduce the carbs!!.....the pounds melt away!
Perhaps a preferred communication channel opt-in would help? And an option to pick the frequency of communications too?
Who are you? Why are you here?
Leaving Sin City.
There's a lot of sex talk on my TL for it to be a Sunday morning!
When you recognize your limits, but still embrace your life with graciousness, your inner dignity grows. John O'Donohue
Slept 3 hours later than I wanted. Might as well go to brunch, I'm already late.
not quite over yet. It looking positive :)
OMG i still have the text from my friend saying that ONE DIRECTION IS COMING TO SEATTLE when i was at school lmao i couldnt stop shaking
Alright will do
Your song "Up on the ridge" one of my all time favorites! I have a song on my page I'd like for you to check out when you can
where do you live? :/
heh, sounds like a challenge. Let me see what I can whip up.
Yall know yall tired. Probably forcing yourself to stay up to talk to who ever. Smh.
“: Caused the problem in the first place” Their coreligionists did, yes
I confess that I miss you, but that does not mean that you will pray again
Gettin in some pizza before the new diet tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure wkhtmltopdf is what I'm using too. Works well.
Meeting w/ the amazing Steven Hero 2moro for more music work! I can't wait to finish 'Lie To Me' it's going to be amazing!
RT : Great user experience does not exist at the expense of your profits. Profits exist because you made the investment in great...
oh yeah yeah
I've got a 4 pack of passes to a practive day at the Indy 500 - hit my facebook page to get 'em!
I agree
I'll announce who I'm signing with on Thursday
The birds,the bees,the flowers and the trees..... God made them for us to enjoy.....appreciate them all....
I wanna throw so bad . Fuck
RT : "This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it." Psalm 118:24
It's only a matter of time. Then ima be MVP in that competition we got
When likes my swag hair >>>>
This is so fucking annoying everyday the same thing.
That moment you have to physically make yourself stop dancing to Ke$ha when you are by yourself at the nest
Girls like cute dogs cause some apparently equate them to human children smh.
We also have a video interview, but on DVD only for now. I will upload an abridged version on YT and send you the link :)
This game over
I'm too nice, bleh. It's annoying.
nah i can't go i have school
Blah i hate being sick!
Oh yes ! I always have a blast w/ you guys! Next date we're doing lunch!!
enjoy the day. Looks like a nice day here in dallas
so cool!!! I love the placement on the shoulders. Those are great!
Client who wrks at airport: "People said ur cupcakes were the bomb...and that's not a word used lightly w/the airport." Lol'd for real! :)
If you're gona be a math teacher you have to have patience because people ask a lot of questions! So if u don't then why are to teaching! 😡
Freckles errwhere thanks to the sun.
oh lol not just that, but I always wanted to go there & I already know I have no chance in meeting him so. ;p
really? it's today?? WOW.. Than Happy Teacher's Day to me :) (I'm studying at Faculty of teacher education, I'll be a teacher) ;D
What You Know About Having #ConstancioSwag ? It's An Acon Thing. <3 :)
I kind of want to go to the funeral..but I wont be able to bear it..
Need Memorial Day getaway ideas. Relaxing beach theme, not too far from FL for 4-5 days. Thoughts?
Our ATM started randomly speaking in Spanish when people walked by. I think a heckling ATM could make a funny SNL skit. (ATM is fixed, btw)
So proud to see and getting recognized. Two of the hardest working guys I know. Get em!
congrats on the division title
avengers is actually pretty kick ass
Dr. Pete Warren,professor emeritus of counseling & former chaplain of Lynchburg College, is awarded honorary Dr. of Humane Letters.
Listing after some homes on the Shorewest real estate show...wonder if should showcase city-owned homes like this?
The resignation of George Zimmerman's "lawyers" seems like a stunt. Were they ever really his lawyers? Strange.
If you feel the need to comment on/like everything your boyfriend/girlfriend posts on the internet, you have some shit to sort out.
Working my next to last Sunday night reference shift for the current academic year.
come when you can. Can't wait to see you!
check Kenley Jansen's stats from last year
Big thanks to Trustee Lee and his mother for making the #AsiaTrinity Tour possible-36 hours until the delegation leaves. First stop Seoul.
No, lets reword that. I still have my FLUTE'S lyre mark on my arm.
When it's your fault, I miss the late nights, Don't miss you at all!
"Expertise is the new currency of success" - Josh Bersin RT
According to sources.
