May the New Year's Eve bring you joy, and happiness in ways that help you set a very positive tone for 2012. Happy New Year!!!!
Funny when you can tell when someone ripped the album online instead of buying it.
Check this out...More Money More money...WOW!!
Very intriguing programing over at
I really enjoy taking care & helping others. I think this is my calling. :)
Went to a FASHION SHOW
RT : Simmer Down Sound just got a fanpage. ILLumiNati Congo's The Graduate is one of the selectors for this movement.......
how do I reply to that... Uh... #sex #cum #penis #vagina #blowjob #eatmeout #Imsuchaslut ....
Miley Is Not A Bad Girl
Recipe for Sticky Fruity Pudding
spending my night applying for jobs...yay
we should jam together at the show.
Finally some fucking death in Houston tonight... Rose Funeral at Mango's enough said!
You would, paradise.
RT Every piece of soul food you can think of is up in this church! Me and are about to throw down!
don't the coke polar bears after have to pee?
#Str8LykeDes.... Had a long lil talk with my bruda from another mother about some real tuff love shit...
so rude. ahha
Until very recently, scientists did not know what caused brain freezes. Wow.
Ever hear about a lawyer drafting legislation that would have allowed his daddy 2 serve longer as a college board prez?
based world
I did the opposite. All tools for volume. Conditioner, mousse, root lift, round brush. Alas, pin straight.
it was WWI. And they didn't get very far.
thats what im working on right now :P worse class ever..
listen to the rain, listen to the rain hm #insider lol
Hanley with a freaking bombaaaaa
Life ain't easy but somebody gots to live it
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goody two shoes.
dont worry i wont tell anybody lmao i be gettin the same way lol
I got told I was attractive by a female and that we should be together. Lmao
are you ?? So something you could pull off. Whats the latest portland gossip?
The devil is really out to night...
I need talk to my aunt , she's always there to listen to everything ^.^
We think the sun missed the memo to come out of hiding today. How else are we supposed to enjoy patio weather?
Any time my friend. Theme song in the works?
I will be posting jokes telepathically, so if you think of something funny.... that was me.
life is like ice cream you should enjoy it before it melts<3
Yes I love wrestling in Japan more than anywhere else in the world and I learned a bit of Japanese while I was over there!
To confirm - lattes from Mei's Cafe in the lobby of 1 Capitol Mall are AMAZING. Thanks !
Bundle up today, its going to be a chilly one. But don't forget to do something great. Look for an opportunity where you can a difference!
worked on my homework for like three hours! That was alot! Im proud of myself :) yay!
That should be a cocktail in SF
you KILLED it!
-_____- you think you're funny eh?
4-2 #Arsenal. Lovely. Such a Theo goal too. Awful first touch or two, but was only in that great position because of his pace & class finish
Just got in and I miss him already.
., of Real Housewives fame, will be making an appearance 's Grand tasting on 3/2! , thoughts?
Paint a flower pot for Mother's Day! See store for more details!
I really hope printed books survive through out my lifetime because bookstores are one my favorite places in the world
I feel like I am in the Bermuda triangle. is having issues with Wells Fargo. I follow both. Will Earth's poles shift too?
We need a video summit for B2B media. There has to be more than editor interviews at tradeshows.
Arty mom dang
ooh! Imma save u as oon as Im back from breakfast! Im meeting m new step sister. haaha
sad unpacking is the worst!!
What is Alicia Keys doing?
Need dedicated skilled editors, ongoing technical support, startup grant to create critical mass.
childish as HELL! This is ridiculous
"Picking just one athlete doesn't work. You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
jay I know you mean well but you are a dick. Damn tantalizing pictures.
i just posted it on our blog
that's because the people who need FREX are busy working in Denver.
Makes you wonder what's still down in our ocean's depths.
is following me. hI sAnTa!!
Follow Me.
Lotion came out beautiful, this formula may be the winner, we'll let it sit for a few days & check back.
haha! Thank you!!
Are you trying to start something?
woot! The lovely has some for me to use. After today only 4 left!
scared to watch the pitch to see how fictionalized it is. might catch it on netflix.
Game Is Getting Married To Longtime Girlfriend Compton rapper Game finally put a ring on it.
People who change lanes as if they're taking a hard left turn scare me.
you can get them now at burlington or datavis.com
Are you taking the psychology exam on Monday?
I inspired you to write a sketch?!? How fantastic! (And a first for me!) Would love to hear about it, my dear!
thanks, keep an eye out for the rerecorded versions and new songs!
Plowing through the work at my secret prairie hideout feels good, but I've got #th3 envy nonetheless…
love u always xoxoxox
Our neighbors have transformed our space into a wonderland of fun items! Hope the auction for neighborhood playgarden goes well.
it's all about the mp7 “: What kind of gun do you use in #MW3 ? Do you use a Light machine or a sub machine gun?”
leave it alone I said all there is to say on the matter. Educated or not ur not earning top 1%. Which is my point. B blessed
No? Please? No?
I'm going :) RT : Who wants to see Coldplay tonight at the Rose garden ???
oh okay lol
Aha! Very interesting.
Make sure to listen to Cougar Calls with Bill Moos on Monday at 10 to get a full run down of Cougar Week in Spokane
When I was in school it was always 2 spaces after a period. Still feels wrong to do only 1.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston. She was easily the greatest voice of her generation and it's a shame how her life ended.
wasn't sure if the man was gonna take the muzzle off so scraps could eat lunch. glad he did the right thing.
What? Surely I would never need to do that!
Do you have this thing memorized?!?!
asdfghjkl <3 “: all my girls fans are gorgeous.... yes you(;”
Youll have my full review by nights end RT Get the WI Steak Sandwich. And nothing else. Ever. Okay, maybe the parfait.
thanks for the RT. Is The Citizen widely followed in South Africa? We don't know much about it.
I still haven't gotten used to the fact that not all the Walmarts here are 24hrs....
When a positive experience occurs, take at least 20 seconds to focus on the goodness of that moment.
saving us from the Middle East Oil.
Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Pair of, pair of, pair of dice! Ooh Ooh Ooooohhhhh
Can't wait for teen wolf season 2
Not even in Indy & Philly... would be terrible... I would watch every game though...
ur posting bout ur night when I'm waking up for work lol happy bday homie
well I think rugby is hot so - and maybe that's the way to go initially as I that is totally diff ya know?
It is a good thing to demand liberty for ourselves and for those who agree with us, but it is a better thing and a rarer thing to give...
Congratulations to Pulsar Award nominees and recipients!!!!!!
What a great day at school i got a ton of birthday wishes! (:
Movie tonight..We Bought a Zoo.
I'm as cool as a penguin ;)
#played tennis today.
Social media is important for your overall SEO goals.
All-you-can-eat birthday sushi got the best of me. Laying on the floor in my sweatpants digesting. Good Sunday.
oh yeah? What's that.
Only about 30 pages left to edit for my 1st novel! Even wrote my synopsis. Getting excited!
Why do you keep saying your ugly? God made you the best way he can. Just accept it
Come enjoy our outside seating for lunch today!
When people only believe there's a God when they need something..
Mississippi (Ole Miss) Rebels 1/4 ′ Block ‘M ’ Tie Tac – 10KT Gold Jewelry
Obama penalize Syria & Iran blockin protesters net access Human-rights abuses in his hometown Chicago however OK'd
What you talking about?
I have a year.": #Coachella2013 wknd 1 here we come! Round 2 , hope your ready! "
I can't get this homework done -_____-
Me and Brett will go get Tyler and come see y'all! Haha
that's why I said it -__- I know this lol
because I work way harder than you. I interact people, care about them, try and help to make better and most likely can beat u
Pa. Voter ID Law Faces Legal Challenge - CBS Local
HA! ha!..Kramer passes a stone/makes gymnast lose his balance!
Thanks, Andy!
I could use on of them right about now. #dead arm from pitching today. Massage is really needed lol
Hey, anyone else get their Nokia Lumia 900 yesterday? We did ;) Let's talk about its gorgeousness
Attention Ravens fans: plenty of room on the Orioles 2012 bandwagon. Hop aboard. And bring your wallets.
Just got that presentation out of the way....YEA
Nah, it doesn't suck any wiener. And that's not my fault for your boredom. That's your fault for not having a cure for it. :p
The human spirit needs to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy." Ben Stein
I seriously can't wait for #CFBlockParty tomorrow! :D
Second chances they never matter, people never change..once a whore, nothing more & i'm sorry that'll never change.
Does anyone know the drunken giraffe? :D
would you be so kind as to follow me?
tired of being on this roller coater ride
No no. Tufte's elegant minimalism has contributed mightily to this phenomenon.
wait I'm just seeing this on my twitter feed... have they really split? #immenselysurprised x
Was taught some very interesting dance moves today! Thanks to Ashley (my insane friend), I now know how to Dougie and Bernie!..lol :P
nope I'll email him today about it though.
RT : Breaking news: Conrad Murray sentenced to 4 years in prison.
Totally got a break from The Big Guy upstairs tonight, no traffic on the commute home! Yes!!!
as always, you rock. Great job on
guy thinks he's captain knots, captain tying knots
Abel is such a good friend.
Somethings gotta give already
Who is your favorite (and least favorite) Basketball Wife?
Keep an eye out for Fremont Street. Pretty soon the trees will be laced w/ lights for the Festival of Lights Dec. 9,
4 horsemen of info-pocalypse: terrorists, pirates, pedophiles, & mafia. If u say ur battling these, u can get away w/ anythng
The Avengers wasn't as good as I thought it was gonna be
"I want to be America's barber!"
Lt. Gov Garcia: "SB15 takes no resources away from CO, from the institutions, or from any other student."
RT : Ken, THIS IS WHAT SEPERATES The boys from the MEN...AND the girls from the WOMEN,LOL...#RoadLife//Love It!!!
GSHL 2A soccer: R.A. Long 3, Woodland 1. Joe Buckley three goals for RAL.
Scratch that, fire was on 9th Street. NOT S. Washington Street.
wow! (includes likes) how lame
We get you noticed online by your target market so you can increase traffic to your __________________."
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday. Unknown
Matt Stafford is injured, the #Bears are playing defense, fall is here again, and all is right in the world.
Sleep! It's good for ya
A great week of running! I'm excited to start Week 3. Fingers crossed for good running weather.
Laertius Diogenes~ The mob is the mother of tyrants.
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities. Wanna chat?
Up next BG "Love Letters" columnist takes your questions on the trials & tribulations of The Singles. 1-877-301-8790
The Justice League can own The Avengers.
Ready to be off work
happy thanksgiving n plzzz follow me.
Wuz good my bad I haven't been on my
You drinking drugs??
": likewise hun!!! Enjoy this sat while ill be baking n designing cakes" < now that sounds GOOD!!! I need to check them out!
I've been out of the loop here Please don't tell me I missed out on Bloody's with #bacon tonight
Goose bumps RT If ExileOnMainsteam 6song cd can rock my world imagine what 10-12 new songs is gonna do ......
too bad the guy that looks like Jeff bridges isn't listening to 50 cent really loud. Ultimate best friend.
i miss the sisois family :( I'm excited for Tina to come back for Easter!!!
Haven't you always wanted to try coworking? Well today at NextSpace San Jose you can work for free!
OLA and Happy New Year to you too, Sis! Definitely want to see more of you this year. RT : Happy New Year! OLA!
Pippa Middleton 's Fay Trench Transitions to Winter Weather You know how some girls have the best dresses, and other ladies have a killer
loving this weather<333
Or at least the ones that I used to own as cassette singles.
the electrolytes don't work if you cry them out
That awkward situation when your mom leaves you with the guests and you have nothing to say to them.
yeas maam! They have to move in, like not in the water obvi, but theyre making rooms fo dem
Two more weeks till this show
I have the best mother in the world!! HAppy mothers day!!
Enjoying a pre-Spring Break day off. A foretaste of next week!
gets them all in a world of shit...
what kind of cereal did he get to enjoy?
love this weather
Good luck to you!
No work today! At Deep Eddy Pool with and hott wife! Yeah!
You make beautiful things out of the dark, out of the dust
Tonight I was a bandwagon Bruins hater. I think it's because I grew up on
Welcome back! RT : So very excited to be headed back to Silicon Valley after 7 (seven!) years away. Yep, last visit was for Palm
Twitter you're distracting me from my homework...;c
It's been the longest week ever!
hi lori. Saw more crews out cleaning 490 et al. What is going on? Never seen it to this extent before. Bc of no snow?
Yvette got her cards read today and ugh i want to go so so bad but i have to save that money :|
grab some cool chahckas in my home town :)
in yo room
AMEN SISTAAA .lol omg I can't even *le dead * omg omg
How much would a hitman cost to off 's top?
#fuckit I'll make the customers get them then
After a long day of work, nothing beats coming home to a box of
I got 1,828,295 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run... catchin up
RT ": "1D doesn't even know you exist." RT if this kills you inside. but you act like you don't care from the outside."
Don't forget that VCs look at where the company would “fit” well into the existing portfolio, filling in gaps from a stage or sector.
RT : so much depends upon a police officer releasing pepper spray to maintain safety.
May the pho-urth be with you. (in the mood for Pho and Starwars)
I wanna go to the beach this weekend with my bay
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin.
the guy from workaholics hair is epicly fluffy
I've learned to live without you, but I still miss you sometimes
#SteelMagnolias opens tonight at 8 p.m. in the new USF Performing Arts Center in downtown #FortWayne. Students are free, public for $10!
Bo! MT Stunned that was not also named as award recipient for her work on Sweetwater corruption case.
Isn't is awesome?!
GOOD MORNING TWitters! :)~
stop hitting me up so late! lol, I was sleeping.
RT : As Latinos in Social Media we need to blog abt immigration more often! We can make a diff in this election!
hell no lmao
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :)
I'm an American kitty and would like 2 give a shout out 2 our #Military Thank U 4 ur service, sacrifices + keeping us safe and free! xoxoxo
Thank you for the RT, Ben!
you text me first. #dontarguewithmejustdoit. (:
just being a fan of is great
haha i love the self-RT to really drive the reiteration point home ;)
as long as you're good for prom :P
Finally on break
Boehner cries on House floor in defense of vouchers for DC.
Okay! See ya!
me too , is that 4 or 5(x?
going to be a super Friday!...I can feel it.
You fucking confuse me.
Excellent, we will be in touch via direct message shortly!
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ws1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
A hot babe said we could have sex if monkeys fly out of her ass, so tonight I meet with a zoologist, proctologist and some guy from NASA.
Am I sick or are there some serious allergens floating about, breaking through my Zyrtec/Benedryl forcefield?
it's because I pressed "loop".
Over reliance on testing a threat to American competitiveness.
I like how the link shortener almost looks like cat food LOL.
Game of Thrones has consumed me.
tell me what shawty???
For the last 90min of workday, will pretend I'll have pizza & beer when I get home.
Way to hustle Braun!
I'm feeling better--as is Laura. We're at her maternal grandparents for dinner. Still coughing a bit-but better than yesterday.
Remember when Johan Santana was an awesome pitcher????
no way...its not happening...ive already studied for an hour....
time to start cooking what should i make emmmmm lol
Been driving for a year today...I haven't been in any wrecks or anything...
I love when a girl knows when to STFU! got points with me and probably Plenty other niggas.
its a sunday, that means every one i really care how much you "hate" strongsville.
well I'm not scottish so I didn't no what you where saying chuck! You are a inbred look it up!
#Today: Take 10, yes, just 10 short minutes for yourself. Do whatever-anything, but that 10 is your's alone, a gift from you to you.
Need to study for finals but I'm sleepy af!
With the Bio-Terrorist?
I'm guessing that today is your birthday. Happy birthday. I hope all your football dreams come true.“: BOOM!
#ThingsTougherThanDRoseBody lmao this is just harsh
yyaaaay......i want it to be "realler"..no lol..serious face
Oh so true, but I love a freebie!
Some kid in my class mass emailed everyone. Wanted the answer for ec in class cuz he skipped. Offered 5 instagram likes in return
Nothing like taking off your contacts before you know where your glasses are...
sure <3 see ya
#Divorce #parenting tip: During & after divorce, #parents need to help #kids deal with loss. Again & again. It's a process.
My college kid is choosing to watch Face the Nation. I'm torn between being concerned and impressed.
Pawn stars.
So excited to be on the show 2mrw with ! Be sure to tune in to 100.3 around 8:30am!
"J.C. and the Sunshine Crew" tonight at the Hudson Shanghai Bistro at 6:30! Come hear some great live music w Tanner Taylor & Mac Santiago!
About to bru some good vibes, making vegetable soup from scratch! (eri-eri ficky ficky).
Denise you have to stop Stop STop STOp STOP STOOP!):
hey, would you like to meet for coffee to network/brainstorm? -Natalie
Yay, finished VCAP-DCD5 exam. I hate those diagramming questions. No score for a few weeks.
Mine &a friends conversation about me:"im in love with Niall. & hes freaking Irish!!" friend:"Does he like lucky charms?" wow
a little rough, but better than yesterday. I hope you had a good day as well.
I just lost with quad 8s in seven card stud
RT Boykin >>> Easily the most popular choice right now. He makes sense. I also like Florida RB Chris Rainey.
what!! If anything your wack (:
"The Vow" was a good movie, romantic and yet real life stuff-- not too cheesy.
I just can't find a way to let go of you.
yo! when you gonna get out to the pool wet republic is waiting homie
Safeway BBQ Battle next month! I want to ghey marry the giant inflatable pig.
Omg Do I Really Have To Go To School....Not Felling So Good
just here at work hella bored -____- i want a build a bear lol
Tune to 95.7 KJR FM (Clear Channel Seattle) at 8:30am pacific time TODAY for an interview with both Felon Fitness authors.
I thought he was going to mention it by name in the beginning
A strong person Forgives and goes on...A weak person holds a grudge and hurts themselves.
I don't get it man my side line can kick rocks.
Time After F*****g Time
Do you think parents that spank their children are abusers? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#Flyers lost this series because of a)Peter Laviolette,b)Bryzgalov,c) #Flyers assistant coaches. 8 more painful years.....
RT": The moment when you lose all respect for the person you used to like.."
Good morning, school time :/
lol i hate people like that;)
Never Born, Never Died...Only Visited This Planet Earth Between 11 December 1931 – 19 January 1990 ~Osho
Steak n' Shake
And now back to the Book of Eli
...Speaking of smokey-goodness, Chef Mina's awesome Baba Ganoush wraps up our "Best Things We Ate in #pdx Last Week" list. Lucky us, right?
Lincecum= that long haired guy in the movie Dazed and Confused.
Being what you wanna be in life feels better than anything else
"Today Was A Good Day" perfect ending to a great day.
steve jobs face?
it out!
HUGE thank you's 2 #NYFamilyDay stars ! Much love 2 the amazing hosts !
You already know, ugly. " fucking SLUT"
Now I know why they called her Wednesday.
tell all your friends that I got movies and CDs for sale
FYI loves to run!
You too! Until next time! RT : great to see I safe travels
I really want to know what the first person to milk a cow was thinking. :-)
Uh-oh. RT : No water in #Georgetown this morning. A dcwasa pump broke..
Thanks for the Follow!
GET OUT OF HERE! I better go check my mirror and see if I'm still running against SCOTT WALKER. Is he in jail yet? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
nope! not like uss(:
Catching up on Oprah Lifeclass
Kent Brockman from the Simpsons said on St. Patrick's Day
Way to take care of business! Bring on the Rags or Caps!
I'm digging it. mentioned it a while back, I finally got my beta invite.
I've been really tired lately :/
I actually did that tonight. It was awesome.
Rainy & cool in PHX! Nice end of winter before we get 8 months of 90's & 100's!
thanks for following! Mogul!
I just got asked if I'm my 8-year-old son Jason's grandmother. AGAIN. (This never happened before I moved to Georgia.) smh
looks good, like the 70s film style J.A
Now watching Fear Island w/
My baby just learned to clap to the beat with rainbow Arabia live on !
You got it! RT : We need you at #xdlab on Thursday. Brainstorming will be in full effect.
She making sure he come straight home
ice cream truck. where my dots.
I need to get an Xbox again. I miss raping ppl in gears of war. :/
Thanks, I am a freelancer for Community Newspaper special sections, so I feel like part of the family. Enjoy your show.
Ortiz, refusing to be shown up by some young wipper-snapper, goes Yard.
RT!!!!!! EVERYONE PLEASE FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!!
NaLee a rich mermaid fantasy... the beginning of a TRILOGY
Ditto! RT : I can hear a bsb song like a dog hears a dog whistle.
WHew! and are back at least!
Client w/ pain radiating down his arm into his hand for 2 months is 100% pain free after 2 Tuina sessions and a lecture on weight lifting!
My buddy can only have sex doggie style.-Really? That's the only way he knows?-No, that's the only way his dog knows. Follow
Good Sunday Morning! Stop the gun violence! Have a super day!!!
That means I'm getting sleepy
ability/want. "All" DJ needs is win in finale 2 get the $. Same w/ Luke, Rose. They can smell it. others need someone to falter
Are you in the main ballroom?
BEACH BOYS still got it!!!
Los Angeles your to good to me
How's that 6% treatin ya? ;)
I loved ur nail tutorial but just a suggestion wouldn't the tiny beads stay on a tad longer if u put on a super strength top coat?
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist's office suspends Eggelletion and Gallagher from office 2009 Broward County Corruption Probe
What shocks me most in that video are the women's voices. I want to hear them walk out, but they continue to sit and listen to lies.
6 more weeks of winter... still waiting for the first six weeks
I just woke up, I missed this beautiful day :(
yea yea, you have an addiction, its called a criminal minds addiction!
Want more info on Kid's and YA Latino Lit? Watch for what the #REFORMA chapter in Tucson is planning this spring!
OK. So if Eagles win tonight, then beat Cowboys next week, Eagles have a true shot to win the division in final week.
You're welcome, Emma! :)
Yayy!! We just had our version of the red dress gala today!! for the first time! and it was a huge sucess!! <3 in aoe<3
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~Albert Einstein
you get violent when you haven't had caffeine, Nathan...
Fresh ass new haircut
Hannah's sleeping but I think she'll like Pocoyo. Thanks for sharing.
I was curious why she was using a lantern when there was a laptop on. And actually covered my eyes.
follow back?
Its like the One Two Step
like attracts like. the law of attraction is the most powerful law of nature.
Cant wait for my vacation.
miss snl enjoy! :)
It's so nice. Can we have work outside today? I have a laptop, so for me, the answer is YES!
If you do die, what are you leaving me in your will? Cash will suffice. :-)
Oh sh*t...One month from today is Jesus' Birthday, and I still haven't gotten him anything! What do you get for a guy that has everything?!
Love is grand... divorce is a hundred grand!
BREAKING (FAKE) NEWS: might not be able to due weather at 10 due to his watching #Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's on an endless loop!
I go to the gym to be healthy, not to get coughed on. Stay home or at least cover your mouth if you're sick! Ewwww.
look at me everyday <3
It didn't take long for talent attraction to come up as an issue.
yo this track goes hard ahk... raw.... shine bright......
thats what I like to hear cute self!!!
your ham is probably cleaner than my vegetables and has no pesticides
We should read to give our souls a chance to luxuriate. Henry Miller
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of packaged air, and there's chips inside it? Pisses me off!
There are so many awkward couples in this school
You've been on a kick lately! Naming all these songs I remember listening to as a youngster. NICE!
let's announce a do-over.
little delayed, but thanks for the RT
Whats Who's Your Caddy?? I've played golf before....
In real life, I'm wakin' up alone, its one more night, you didn't make it home, & one more time you pick up the phone.
I think the last thing Bills fans need right now is a manufactured QB controversy involving Vince Young.
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” --Thomas H. Huxley
happy birthday ! i will never forget your birthday since we celebrated so many together! cheers to a wonderful year ahead :)
Can it be 2:45 please?
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Congrats to for collecting 55 #pledgetoreg yesterday!
What the hell are you doing in #Bellevue?
thank you so much!
Throwing caution to the wind
I'm giving the group presentation assignment in #mscdeng3510 today. Order your book today.
ry and I will be in Bloomington as well!
Gettin in tune with my softer side and watching The Vow
Why is there bumper to bumper traffic at 1:40 am
Washington DC bound!!!!
Guys we tell Lies.Women dress up as them. *SheWearsBootyPopPanties* WTF
guy next to me on the plane started chewing the second we landed. my lip curled and eyes widened dramatically
Guess that I don't need that tho.
Well I did and on more than one occasion ;) x
Expo Line turned over to MTA - LA Observed
Wish we could have made it!
Don't let the door hit ya? RT : Buh-bye. RT : Hmm. RT : Rosie O'Donnell Relocating Her OWN...
Get your facts straight, "MBA." Oh, wait, facts don't matter to Screech Palin's fans.
It appears that Luke Donald could get disqualified. Reports indicate he shot a 75 but signed for a 73.
I was expecting something completely different.
Morning playlist: Beck, MGMT, Coconut Records
Figuring out Twitter
Everything that feels so bad makes me feel so good
Who thinks i should make a quote page? :)
they are awake...still trying to figure out theo compensation
Sizzle &amp; Fizzle: Highs and Lows from the Last Week in S.F. Music - SF Weekly
Moved all of my old furniture, but my bed, in my room today. It feels weird? 👽
I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter for my first time Friday! Is it great?
"I don't imagine I plan"
Over the weekend I attempted to get the perfect class schedule at #universityofwashington this morning my wish came true THANK YOU dropouts!
Fortunately I only use 95, 123, and 7100! Guess I'll see how it is in a couple of hours.
6.1 mile run 2 day. I'm getting there - slowly but surely!
Thanks for the promotion! Good luck today!!!
Like the Jones pick. Pats should have addressed the DE / OLB slot for several years now.
Listening to while reading his #sxsw on twitter. <3
Don't let the name fool you. My wife is now on twitter. Follow her, she is brilliant! But at this point mute
Wow every other fuckin girl I see is pregnant, fucking gross
hahaha, just until Wednesday when summer staff starts. It's been a while ma'am. How's life??
Come have some milk and cookies with our friendly and sexy HAPA Staff Models!
Be the #change you want to see in the world. Gandhi.
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
We just flashmobbed the annual meeting of at #ASM12! New York, New yoooorrrk!!
...and the new restaurant idea is born.
I'm hoping to go to San Sabestián to do research on culinary innovation. Fingers are crossed for a grant I submitted.
I had to wait for Debo to share the good news with you before I tweeted this: VILLAGE!!!!! YAA!
Have you downloaded the IRS's app? If so, let me know your thoughts. I downloaded it and tried it out. I will give you my opinion.
Who will be in a birthday video to Austin Mahone? just ask <3
I feel like Mikey sees tweets that aren't mentioned to him more than the ones that are mentioned to him now... lulz.
Thank you. We are pretty excited. RT : saw the article. Congrats!
I co-sign that :-)
Can you give me one? :)
working at the #Sixers game tomorrow!!! so excited!
Getting tips from our tweet master "srstore"
good to know
Yes, Pandora, I'm still listening to you. Just because I don't always respond to you doesn't mean I'm not listening. Stop being so needy.
followed back
RT google john avalos david chiu or leland yee and you will see the sponsored ads. #SFMayor #notrunning, really?
Neighborliness is a funny thing in NYC. I'm only really aware that anyone else lives in my building when we're all doing laundry on Sundays
Sweet!! Have fun!
Good. Just preparing for this damn hurricane. Hbu?
I never owned an Apple item, but to honor the contribution Steve Jobs made to the world, I'll wear a black turtleneck on his birthday, 2/24.
welcome Carly!!!! (:
Even for small week(end) projects I don't know how I would get by without easy branching in my vcs
A little beef tartar, a little red wine, a little fun at the Earth Day Party at !
tell Matt to "die to self"...not die physically! Wow!
the best day of my life
right back at cha
Yo breath stank, put some Listerine in there.
how our teacher hair blonde and white lol.
I will miss you very much, my fellow Twitter Warrior.
We've got a great happy hour from 4-6 for people in the U-District!
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 7
Awesome opening tango on #DWTS !! Go #williamlevy and
Not playing Lolla this year?! When are you getting back up to the Chi bud?
They were in my hoodie pocket. Evidently fell out & were sat upon. Ugh!
Holy crap. That. Looks. Amazing.
Thank you! Please spread the word!
I had a great party last night :)
Graduation night and I stayed in ... Smh
yeah and what ?
I love Irish drink they fuck you good LOL
My usual is six! See you tonight at SMCJax?!
Email your address & my people will send you FREE copy 4 your sppt RT : I went to see but uh didnt get a cd =\
true story (:
yeah, think you have it under control
And day 2 of #2012AUGrad has begun. The Pipe and drum corps just led the students from into the arena.
I can now say I've seen every episode of "The Singing Bee" .. I need friends, or a life...
What? I went to walk the dog and we are up 10!??!?!
So, I'm sure you felt the same way when Tim Pawlenty vetoed all those DFL bills from 2007 to 2010, right?
Thanks! We are doing great & then some! Lots of things in the works soon to be released. We are very busy which is a good thing :)
I so wanna see titanic in 3d!!!
Definitely agreed! RT : yep! Had to get it fixed right away. Too hot not to!
GO ! Padres are going down! :) Hope you're back soon, !!
All ova NY, women, men n evn the 'sexually confused' r doin the 'walk of shame' from things they did afta last nites concert!¡!
so good!
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow:D
holy shit bagel bites yes
Wheeeee, what is it?
RT : "Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love."
Yes! We had some there when we went back this year to #Philly for Scrapplefest! ;-) was awesome!
thanks appreciate it!!
Happy 4th of July, our U.S. office will be closed today. Have a safe and fun day!
Rep Cleveland MGK
Great practice tonight AND we got the first round of posters up with a second round going up tomorrow! Sat. March 24th at the Smiling Moose!
Flogging Molly is trending!!!!!!!!!! Oh Happy Day St. Patty's Day!!!! I'd Like to give some green lovin to the Dropkick as well!!
Thanks! Hope you can make it again sometime!
I miss all my old Indiana friends soo much. It's crazy how fast time has just dissapeared.
Resmovits Dm'd you my email
blue is mint, green is melon, red is berry. Blue and green are my favorite.
Heading over to Community Block Party - see you there!
RT : #shehechat A3: I don't mind slides but they should not be the presentation. You are the presentation. What's in your brain.
YES let's!!! I'll give you a ring tomorrow : )
Not doing sponsorship ATT. Thanks for the support!
WSJ's online voter guide gives me wrong information. Says I'm in ward 90, but I'm in 104.
Stopped en route to fancy luncheon to check my tire pressure and use the air hose. Like an f'n lady.
Thank you! :)
The crusty stuff I washed off of your tooth brush, by the sink, and the porn mag!
#sschat Hmm we do Immigration, Holocaust & Civil Rights for our book clubs... tx though!
Yet some of my friends are still saying the refs in Florida-Louisville were worse. Uh, no.
Its Bad to lye
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Just got my school to unblock it. Most students had access anyway. I said let me model it in a positive way!
nvmm girl I can't, but good luck and kick their asses;)
i'm going to think about it >.<
We used it to pull together reaction after a well-liked professor passed away. Don't feel like you have to include every comment.
Back monday! At concordia college today to interview John Dower and Jaimey Gordon.
My top three made it to the final 3 on #americanidol -- the whole top 11 were great -- except one (IMO).
Junior Seau dead. Wow. Sad news
be a more inviting conversationalist by turning your heart toward the other person when you're speaking. subtle cues go a long way.
I love you twitter, but finals...
Happy Sat, Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.
I hate your work. /:
“: No matter who wins this will be controversy!!!”. Rematch!
So? who do you have in your life that you should buy flowers for?
All the reggae and dancehall on this station >
#BlogPawty Uh oh, I think the toilet flooded upstairs. I saw a couple #kittens float by in a tube.
my hands feel kinda numb .____. WHY MOTHER NATURE?
Im auditioning for an arts school in chicago. It will mean the world! If you were to RT reply or anything giving me good luck! :D
What color am I supposed to wear to stoplight? Green? Yellow? #clarifyplease #confused 😒
"everytime"? Didn't think that movie was worthy of watching in it's entirety let alone more than once.
I disagree! Love the haters too bc they love you too! Just in a different way! Lmfao ;)
Why can't we just make it an autocratic decision and leave it to me? ;-) Again, I say, !
Will someone else's life be brighter tomorrow because of what you have done today? ~ William Arthur Ward
Bop to the top.
No need?
great seeing you too. Crazy place to meet up. Do you have a big weekend planned?
Thank you Sarah!
5) Releasing judgement towards my body 6) Experiencing joy 7) Weird juju moving around my body in weird ways 8) Premonition of good or evil
feed them dog food and call it meatloaf!
Enter Sandman and Until it sleeps are favorites but like them all
I know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas. But they be the same bitch thats fucking niggas
why isn't young forever on iTunes??
It was great to meet you last night!
its too big lol. get on ichat before I fall asleep
Not my day
"You need to ride harder in lower gears!" Shouted the older gentleman as I flew by him on my bike this morning.
Hey ! Yes you can buy party tickets on site!
Fulton Market St. is in Chicago. It's the art district. I am heading this year's art walk in the city. I'm crazy!
Hell yes. There are new flavors of Builders. I want to try Smores so bad...
“: just found out next vintage of Lopez de Heredia Rosado will be released in...2016! Ack!” Shoot! I love that rosé.Good price too
we will see you there. I love the Barrett Jackson Auto Auction.
#2012c19 Lazo: hemispheric american studies reminds him of the movie groundhog day.
: with Federer knocked out, this could be Djokovic's first championship. I call him in a final with Nadal, and winning.
last night was the weirdest night of my life! my face the whole night was 0_0
Corned Beef and Cabbage plus Fish, Chips and Eggs. All this and $3 cans of Guinness and Lakefront Snake Chaser.
2/1/1784->Lafayette:I am become a private citizen on the banks of the Potomac & under the shadow of my own Vine & my own Fig tree
I actually didn't start my homework until about 6:00 and finished around 7-8:00 then I took a shower and got ready for bed. So, yeah.
I feel the need to have the sons of anarchy custom hoodie texas chapter. I need it. Addicted to SAMCRO.
I'm so sleepy because of this heat.
A nuisance...
Well what a surprise lol definitely saw that one coming
lol don't get upset you'd be a fool to believe reality TV is actual Reality
I've had people ask me why I wear an ARMY shirt. It's 2 honor my father, grandfather, former players of mine, & the ones serving our country
Congrats to all the new graduates out there! What's ahead after graduation?
congrats on the wins brw homie!! When r u back??
niall drunk and zayns sexy dance? i'd say it was a good day for the fandom!
that is awesome!!!
This is gunna be my summer. Full of laughs. Full of friends. Full of memories. Full of everything. ♥ ☀
i'm always SO much more productive when it's gloomy outside.
and we gon' play this game for life, Mackin' and Hangin', Mackin' and Hangin' I'm jp, i love that movie doe
WHEN I CLICK FOLLOW IT SAYS FORBIDDEN :(
Soda tax for health!
Checking out and thanks to ! you might find them interesting...
Got to be an extra in the new Dark Knight movie yesterday! Still trying to quell the excitement!!!!
That's awesome, I bet he'll never forget that. Huge game and a great win.
Nigga gone on that strong
Black Rock has been good to Gapers Block. As has the Highball Lounge which doesn't have a distinct room.
yeah i agree but at least they got back together instead of her goin back to the other guy
I gotta live with the choices I made and I can't live with myself today
TONIGHT!! CAFE ACOUSTIC Featuring "Millions of Boys" a band out of Omaha - They rock! See you there! 9pm!!
"Between 30-40" short format docs apply for the Oscars each year! Odds are good, if you can afford the theatrical run!
#IMissTheDaysWhen people under stood each other
Life of #Julia is a wonderful story of a girl who lives in the world of a growing nanny state. An inspiration to anyone who hates freedom.
One Nutcracker to another, via my 6 year old: "Now you're in the hot lava, too." Love how hot lava makes its way into everything kids play.
You're a douche bag.
O papa made me some shakes ☺ thank you !
My last article for comes out tomorrow. I will miss everyone at the Observer-Reporter!
Super Bowl Party at the Playhouse. Starts at 2:30 goes till game ends! Go to Couplesplayhouse.com for details.
Awesome saturday night 👎
I know how to make well over 50 handbag styles why is it that I can't decide on just 1 to make? Ugghhh
How are your kids?
I know how you feel!! #ArizonaWeather is brutal!!!
Shout out to sexyass, personified.
send pictures!!
I gotta treat a #RavenNation member to lunch or something when they come to visit you know?
#nw Waiting to Exhale...love Angela Bassett and of course Whitney
We just went to the Erie Harbor opening at the River Romance Festival. Now leasing.
yall killing it in LA! Crazy big #salute to the City of Angels and Cali as a whole.
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
he doesnt matter
Congrats! and yes you DO deserve a drink.
OUT! Pointer MIDDLE :)
Bodies suture :: Geographic rupture.
Summer Special!!! $50 credit!! towards your first AD in the Community Links when you mention - twitter 323-965-1544
That's what I'm saying. No need for you ladies to scramble #date_like_a_manplayingdefense this morning!
my fave #myspace memory, circa 2005, last time myspace was relevant
Great to see you too! It was awesome, I loved the office!
says she was proud to end the fire brown outs. Aka fixing something you broke and calling it an accomplishment?
doesn't feel good :-(
been spending too much time on other people's writing and not enough on my own. Must change...
Boy American Idol is gonna SUCK next year!!!
Ms. D. Moss of USPS, here at the River Terrace Community meeting, announces that the Minnesota/Benning Post Office will remain open
this hoe is really here quoting used quotes all over my timeline.. She thirsty ..
Big ole pot of corned beef and cabbage finished.....gotta love crockpot cooking....
wat u mean
We are getting so close to having 1,000 followers! Help us get there by next week.
you look pretty in your new picture :)
Town of Fountain Hills Parks & Recreation staff did a great job, planning & executing last nights FH youth "Party at the Park". Bravo Team!
I only suck on sunflower seeds and Popsicles.
bout 90 miles
It's a good one with the creepy eyes! lol!
If Georgetown wins tonight there will a big "One City" celebration in Penn Quarter! Go Hoyas!
I'm back twiggas
Spending quality time with the kiddos!!
SIS even though its bn yrs I still love you I mis u lots still cnt blve ur gone missing u like crazy praying 4 the day we r 2gether again LW
Never gonna grow up Never gonna slow down ❤
I will be willingly stolen ;)
why is she so fascinating?
No disrespect man; just pointing out how the government deals with movements that affect corporate interests; take out the leader.
I know that feeling. Sometimes uploading pictures can be a pain.
Sue from IL says: "I absolutely love PF and what you do. I love my cards. You are all such a blessing and truly are God's angels."
Five star dishes. Food for thought, bitches.
yes. Arrived yesterday. You around?
First time at GVR on Regal Tuesdays, and that place is like high school dating central!!!!
Just finished it! It was one of the two books that made the trip to Lisbon with me.
Gonna get my nails done with thee twin:)<33
I have love for them both, but I will ride with 'till the end!
No, I did indeed expect it
Great show
This bitch rolled her eyes at me.
5 More Years of the only guy on ESPN that gives a crap about Hockey, ! Horray!
Think good interpretation facilitates cognitive experience & is all about obj. The map is not the territory, but expected nonetheless
"The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing"-James Brown Happy Friday everyone!!!
Don't forget that I'll be playing with full Jazz Crush combo for "Second Saturday" jazz night at Kana winery in downtown Yakima. 6:30-9:30.
Yay! RT : I have seen so many blurbs lately that it is all about visualization and I finally get it - thank you !
My whole family told me to give in... I cried for a while but I stopped crying once I realized they can never make me give in.
ya Banjo. If my mom flies me to Kalifonya we kan run on da beech toogedder.
Carl Jung~ The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances if there is any reaction both are transformed.
GOOD MORNING LASHIONISTAS!!!
Utilitarian chic menswear, with embossed fabrics, diagonal accents and a spray of periwinkle at QLUV.
ooh well i like it :)
ahh, crud. Sorry about that! Next one is on us :)
RT : Thanks all for the great
With the realization of one’s own potential and self confidence in one’s own ability, one can build a better world. Dalai Lama
I love Pinkman. And the attorney Saul. And Badger.
"the doctor says I can never get pregnant" #givemeabreak. Every woman I meet says that.
Who'er 'visin th mayor needs 2 b reminded; it was poor folks and peep and Wards 7, 8 (BTW the poorest Wd in the city) who put him in office
... bless your heart!" LOL - the guy was very funny! And I always think of that when I hear people say that! #BYH!
sorry. Meant has them but then you must control. He will be successful. A birdie machine
Goodbye, Justice Stevens. Thanks for your service. (via )
Don't you wish that Emmy VoiceOver guy actually had funny bits to read?
. Look forward to seeing #Cleveland fans
PLEASE FOLLOW AND ME! ♥
you too Darren! Have you watched the new episodes of Hardcore Pawn? The story line finally seems to be picking up!
Morning, shoppers! What do you have planned for the weekend? Plan on saving #cashback?
COME TO CAMBRIDGE:D HAVE FUN AND NOTICE ME :D HOWS MIAMI? DO YOU STILL GET SUBWAY?X
either does mac, wiz, and damn near every rapper
Call the world , if you please, "The Vale of Soul Making."Then you will find out the use of the world...John Keats
joked out just thought about something!
A new Howlin Rain record makes for a good day today. Happy release day and happy to give you my ten bux.
OMG!!!! THAT'S THE SWEETEST PUSSY I'VE EVER SEEN!! I'll keep wishing!
In singing for acting-acting for singing class with Lenore furshpan. Working on son of a preacher man.
I noticed European guys(in the US) are a lot better at "chasing" girls. American guys wait for us to do it. Stop it, American girls!!
Glad you liked it! RT : Really super presentations last night meetup last night. Inspiring stuff.
18+ #Flip Flops tonight !!!!
Antidepressants are no joke. Especially since we don't completely understand them. If you want to stab someone, count to 10
Was so happy earlier when my name wasn't on that paper would have hated to pay 75 dollars to take that stupid test over..???
- Thanks for the Shout Out!
I hope you dance
Do you know companies who need OFCCP training to be inclusive of all in recruiting, hiring & advancement? Contact me! :)
I'm gonna film myself performing every song I've ever written and every cover I've ever learned. Then I'm going to do something new.
#IJustWantToSay...that I am an ice cream junkie(:
Tucson, Arizona(:
Why are online job applications so difficult and long?! Garr!
If God had wanted you to be like everyone else, He would have created us all the same.
I love how you preaching luv, keeping it real much luv.
anger management
undoing the damage meant finding a way to separate food from comfort, food from love, food from belonging
hmm. Fair enough. I choose to care. Death by any means typically is painful for a lot of people. Sorry for your loss.
About to go live with my ol pals Happy early Monday morning!!!
Awww well I appreciate it. How are you doing ?
damn thought I was fam too
C they not as stupid as they look..
Where were you w Bush was running debt to 11 trillion? Where were you melt down in 08 when more debt was charged off to O
Gigantic XLVI roman numerals getting installed and ready for viewing this Friday monument circle!
I've always wished I could read people's minds.
Bill Benner, of the Horizon League, said "present yourself in a strong communicative way."
And our favorite person of the day award goes to.... for leading us to Daffys!
thank goodness for online troubleshooting forums. MacBook audio output suddenly well completely kaput. I was freaking out.
goodbye ruined it
Canada has given up on the penny! Next the US! My evil plan is working!!!!1!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA-HAHAha!
Agree it makes sense on the surface but most LPs don't like / won't allow carry-on-carry investing, too much fee overhead on the $$
No, you were not.
JJ is known to rock a porn 'stache ya know...
HAPPY WOOF WEDNESDAY, FURRIENDS!
ha! sadly, I hadn't even thought of that, must still be shaking off the return to the work week cc
lol I Am!
if i could write you a letter . i would . & it'd be a unstopable letter. Because you make me speechless. Follow back PLEASE!(:
Still Father John Misty
All I want for christmas is Justin Bieber to come to birmingham so I can see him in consert and get a pic or tow with him and a autograph ;p
Just try to be positive.
it starts at 8 right?
So happy that it's ridiculous:)
So I saw #phillipphillips was trending and for some reason I thought of
Imaoo your BFFs with ?! Jealous :p
Filling up your tank is the worst feeling but having a full tank is the best feeling
What's the deal lady?
I just passed holy child
What can i get my 16 yr old bf for Christmas!!? Something less than $20!
What a great spring breeze; here in Orlando. Top is back & windows are down.
We are excited to announce our IBFF 2012 screening location, , and after-party location, on Belmont! Yay!
talk with on Thursday. Tell V I said hello.
God see” s everything so be careful......
Be awesome if you could make it this weekend.
I don't either. Say it ain't so!
now that future is past. :b
#2011icf Psyched for session Intuition:The Coaches' Edge
Watching the sunset with my boyfriend on the beach tomorrow , sounds like a plan 
Great tasting of 2010 Burgundy from the portfolio. Rousseau Chambertin stole the show; lots of power and length.
Two guys volunteered to help - whew. Six eyes better.
haha of course I do! Though not really fond of peeps..haha
great! cu then!
Cousin had sinus infection, laughed so hard he choked on breakfast, then sneezed out a whole Little Smokie.
The shyt feel so real like its virtual
LOL. I call twitter my crack cocaine.
hope to work with you this season
“: hope ur day is AWESOME;)” Its almost Friday doll. So ready for family day on Sat.... Hope your doing well...
“: Who are you guys listening to right now? #curiousgeorgequestionoftheday” and
BOOM! Ur welcome man!
“: cleaning gutters shirtless on 18 and ryan look for your boy #tanning #stackingcheese” I see you😉
are you back in Wmspt now?
Im koo on going to see tho
Another school on lockdown because of potential bomb threat. Hendrickson High School in Pflugerville. Second school today!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
yeah always (:
yep! that word cracks me up.
Yay 👏! Congrats Ladies!! I'm looking forward to the storyline!
lol okay. if he ever txts me back I'll tell him the details -_-
46 billion in profit & the retail price is determined only by low Chinese labor costs? No greed in there?
hope to win
Thanks! Are you an intern alum???
Really? Ronaldo and Kaka both mess up?!
ur awesome, today was super fun. Ur dvds were sold out :(
he is horrible
Time to quit stalling. Workout time.
It's kinda funny how, whenever someone tells you they like a guy you go and flirt with them.. Because you think youre good enough to get him
#GetRobertandAlexANDAUSTINonEllen Don't leave Austin out!
Does Corbin deserve COY? He should be at least getting more mention than he is.
Guys who think they have all say <<< ha yeah right. Not happening.
we're legally obligated to tell you to refrigerate it. But I can also tell you I had a bottle out on my counter for three weeks.
unfortunately Thursday will not work either. I have work obligations that extend through the dinner hour.
Keep. A. Lead.
hey man How r things going? can we catch up today or tomorrow for like 5 minutes-
On the positive side I made a version of the Perfect Pita's "Falafel Hummus Veggie" sandwich for the family dinner -- with jalapeño hummus.
i'll give em a listen. let me know when you're gonna drop them
Just proof'd the ADDY showbook, and somehow, I am smiling....almost there...almost there.
am now eating pizza with friends watching degrassi marathon
WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER ! PLEASE stay there .
Two Fortnights Post Hence
Shout out welcome to the tweet world. Lol.
Tellie Is Bonging On Sesame Street ... Smh ...
The Great Food Truck Race on Food Network right now
why do lots of people think Oregon is only school he'd leave bsu for?
Oh, BTW. The USA vs. Turkey game is getting ready to start.
America's Got Talent (:
I saw your tweet just as I am going out the door to get some burritos from Cotijas. Aaahhhh!
we're still here! Friday will wrap up an incredible
grown ass men should never know of his music!
omg is right now #latingrammys her spanish not so good but her voice wow
What workshops do you want to see at SCT next season?
Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video.
Between Tebow news and Saints news- I can't keep up!
Congrats to my wife's alma mater, Lehigh. Go UPS...I mean, mountainhawks.
i been busy with skoool..
just I don't know anymore
Changeable infrastructure fosters creativity. Allows for more experimental exhibitions.
I reeeeaaaally want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !! That song is the jam!
Josh Hamilton with 4HRs in one game
thanks. You're amazing
I'm playing guitar for Alexa Marie tomorrow (Saturday) at 6:00pm at Ollie's point in amityville!! 16+ to enter, $15!!!!
YO awesome concept and elegant implementation. Great work!
u know it but how u been i miss yall
I have good days and really bad days (every so often), but I know it'll work out in the end. :)
This week couldnt possibly get any worse
Anyone going to the game tonight?
we don't have any Vuitton purses at this time, but we do have Vera Bradley, Coach, and Vuitton's other friends available!
life been crazy lately by my daughter having Di-George Syndrome her health has been even more crazy
Watching City of Angels. Not a bad movie, but the original (Wings of Desire or Himmel Ueber Berlin) by Wim Wenders was amazing.
Persona Obama: The president, press & public image at noon w/Sheri Park & Martha Joynt Kumar
LeBron's the best all-around player, never debated that. But who would you rather have in the playoffs? Durant by far
I'm so tired I could eat a horse! ...wait...that's not right.
Best. Receiver. Ever. Not to mention biggest smile and greatest heart. Wisco loves you, DD.
Finally moving!!:DD
happy birthday jordy!
“: Who cares? Meow died! Nothing else matters.” Exactly. Romney who?
Don't forget! This Sunday 8:30pm. "Bob and Bob" at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Join us at the Goat Farm. It's gonna be awesome!
Some people remind me of animals.
TY! RT : Thank you old chum! Happy New Year!
and the media could lose advertising dollars. What is amazing is the way Canadian media follow them. I say support Canada's baseball team!
Tylenol cocktail today
You said a mouth full Mike.
Omaha has many kid-family activities!! We will make sure to tag you on some of our future posts!
Nothing like a gud old cold budweiser to get yo day going
Busy. Writing today, then jumping on an editing gig tonight. A bit too much on my plate this week.
I want to but I have to play someone in a sec, maybe soon. my psn is liveStone if you want to add me.
Me, too!
Come see The Devil & Daisy Jane, the hottest new musical in town! 3234628460
#SteelersFan till the death of me. Backs turned to all these Pgh
bitch u kno as well as i do we're both drinking as we speak, we're alcoholics, the ??? is when are we drinkin together =) lol
I want to see The Hunger Games . I mean it's not like I've already seen it ✌
is taking the stage with Innovations Worth Stealing,
With full faith that the future that we are playing for is at hand and it is greater than the pass that we are letting go of.
I can always count on
Live for the dollar and gratefull for every one we stack, Mind of a man with no sleep my thoughts brung feedback
im so happy . Thankyou (:
anyone have any video requests?
Steve Jobs wanted to change the world! He started out a student like you all. But then he followed his passion! What is your passion?
we will look into it! What kind of video connection?
RT : Rapid Response saves jobs, rebuilds careers. Your ability to tell story and show value critical.
Don't think it didn't cross our minds! Startup budget and all
#homeowners need more than justice, they need relief from #underwater #mortgages for #economy to recover. Banks owe people.
Come on! We're one away from 200! RT and help us out!
RT : Time to start thinking #valentine #cocktails! We'll be mixing up a Roman Holiday w/ Campari, hibiscus...
looking to connect and learn and share with some of the best and brightest right here...
Hey Mahomies. I'm not sure if i want this account anymore... who wants to be my co-owner?
GOTCHA :) got u already ^ okay ^^ thanks
Hoosiers and Hawks unite! Cheers.
On my way to La Nouba to check out the new drum set up and catch both shows!
On my way to fort lauderdale to do a show at Dillards broward mall. Meet me there 12:30. But I 1st have to sleep on the plane for 2hrs...lol
You've got a whole basement! Haha
Well that was a horrible line change by Pittsburg...
😳 wow RT : At the very least, Floyd Mayweather is guaranteed $14,815 PER IN FIGHT SECOND tonight (if fight goes to cards)
If you are still in WPT Jax, and you follow me... GOOD LUCK!
im sitting in front of The weeknd right now.
pretty easy ta get her naked
HAHAHA! OMG - I have to say that was definitely funny. They should play that video when she looks so stern/poised on top model.
nah, I got to play with 's Kindle Fire ast night though.
maybe the most awkward super bowl TV moment since Janet flashed some booby. So bad
I could come over after work this Saturday!!
Watching a Tegan and Sarah documentary on Netflix! Awesome
Will Jason Kidd Retire now after 19 seasons?
the situation well enough on my end understand that there is some crap that has hit the fan. Nothing the cats or I did, it's something else.
I swear I think half your callers just got off the jerry springer show
we really are sick and twisted
you tweeted a lot of strange things today okok
people are stupid. They will Decline even online events. So lazy."You took the time to click cancel and didn't even read."
do I get some sort of comparing 4 that?:-)
My default privacy setting for FB updates is now "Only Me." Bug or petulant toddler company? "You want privacy? I'll give you *&#! privacy!"
Alright guys, who messed with my car.....
Taylor Swift - Fearless - 05:06 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
lmao. . Damnn dude a bitch need some breakfast lol hurry tht.ass up ! !
So everyone with a job is much worse than a homosexual according to a book that that has no definite credibility, written 1000s of yrs ago.
"That's so Reagan"
I see the first person who fell asleep!! I'm going to go draw on her face!!
lol this show revenge crazy. Hope you enjoying your next chapter in life graduating from college :)
Getting pumped for the show tonight at Highline Ballroom!
great question! Definitely great to have a #wedding pro around to help with venue selection :)
RT : Big mistake if they let Tebow go. < Yes, he's the future. Not sure he'll accept backup spot.
Im fina go to sleep on dat ass.
Neck's a little stiff but otherwise OK, thanks. Sorry you guys missed the eclipse. Hmm, that's true about the birds...
No way!!!!!! If @ kym_johnson and Jaleel go home Im going to be so pissed!!! After Karina, I only watch for kym!
"All hard work brings a profit, but mere talk leads only to poverty."-Proverbs 14:23
That sounds like the perfect way to do some work! Enjoy being poolside!
OH DEAR GOD: Snooki is considering filming her child's birth. Ack. Imagine it will be a lot like that evil spirit birth in Game of Thrones.
chillin dancy, how about u busy bee!
I have way too much shit to get done
but your going!!
haha uhm..thanks for the shoutout? Why did i get one?
Living as a Christian is not easy. Sometimes its difficult to resist believing the enemies lies. #God promises to gift us with strength.
shane falco did
Today and tomorrow are two of our favorite sport days of the year. What games will be upsets?
Just heard "Pinterest" mentioned for the first time (sure more to come)
bad day turned good :)
I was known as GAGA In my old high school
Excited to have him! RT My son is excited to learn from and Go #TeamMNu13!
From the ashes: Issaquah&#39;s Equine Escapes thrives 2 years after barn fire
“: I bet a vagina looks awesome in a blind dude's mind.”
exactly. I can't see it but I sure can hear it. Yikes. >:|
Ugh! Your Always Working!! Lol RT : I would but I have to work
Thank you for the feedback and additional tips! ^bw
me and Frank go way back. We ride together, die together, we bad boys fo life
24hr news = zero accountability among participants. Inflation or deflation; growth, recession or depression; employment, housing; just noise
You are followed, sir.
Was on Facebook earlier and saw my friends doing good in the bodybuilding and strength & conditioning field
Sounds nice! :) .. I getting stay in Illinois.. With the rain and wind and family... Now whos jelouse
Received 15 submissions for our 2012 composition contest. Hear the winning pieces June 8th at the Good Shepherd Center in Wallingford.
if you're fat, im Godzilla!!!
hahah right? I feel ya :p
can you walk with a torn acl?
I have found life an enjoyable, enchanting, active, and at some time scary experience, and I've enjoyed it completely.
Smart thing about Kia donating a car to Kyrie Irving's former AAU team rather than give directly to him? He'll never drive it.
lol i think i am
That sounds like a great idea!
I think the most in the shower and right before I go to sleep
It's Event Day! If you can't join us in person, follow our tweets from tonight's Benefit Dinner & After-Party!
Happy Birthday (: Hope it's amazing!
hw ??/???/ i did not even start school
#3WordsForYou: Spurs Never Lose
so do me a favor. GET OVER IT!!
RT : #rockies let it bee!
U go girl! Im there! MT : I'll be in a theatre #CLT #production May 19! Come watch!
That was so nice of Justin Timberlake to give Bieber his leftovers.
im so happy for you!! I knew you were going to win! <3
Katz, the sun is shining here in Fort Worth!! Well, at least for a minute.....Go Mavs!!
Good to hear! Thanks for drinking #SPORTea :)
Hi friends and stupid random whores hahahahahaahhahaha white bitches fo sho swag
thanks for the follow - look forward to your tweets!!
ha, he's a little secret agent
Welcome to twitterverse!
Gretchen Young of ERISA Industry Committee now speaking on "The Existential Angst of Large Employers,"
" done it"
Preparing for Sunday's Sacramento Library workshop on the NEHGS Web site. Can't wait! Join me, it's free, starts at 1:30.
TIL on : Mr. Bell founded Taco Bell
Catherine and I just got in a brawl with the whole Florida state softball team. We won.
#RVA -- the #FUN has already started...the #FOOD is cooking...the VCU Black Awakening Choir () is about to hit the stage!
. The Thomas Clown Affair
RT if u came in sober but u leavin out sloppy
Actual recent news report: study shows conservatism linked to low iq's. Explains everything.
Dear Barnes and Noble Classics Collection, Please stop tempting me. I'm already committed to Penguin Clothbounds Love, Mary
taking a shot for every "omg" I see on my tl
my friend is so mad at me for something i did not do, now am sad :(
awesome video!
oh ok.. watch it and later tell me your opinion, ok? :D
that's sweet and considerate
That sounds like a plan! Best 26 bucks I'll ever spend! Do you know the guy that plays for the Rangers that I text you about???
thanks clockwerk music group nice sounds and studio
#ThankYouAlex trend it!! He deserves it!!:D
#Glee white chocolate.
Nap didn't work as well as I would have liked. Sore throat. And off a silent auction tonight.
If you get a chance tomorrow, read Sean Dobbin's 1A story about effects of a car crash.You will also find it at democratandchronicle.com.
If Dis Is Really U Follow Me Becuz I Respect Wat U Do 100% N U Following Me Means Alot To Me Swag TGOD
I appreciate you raising into who he is today, because of you he is my biggest inspiration. Happy Mothers Day!
Ah anniversary's, today's my 1 year with
I'm from NC but I gotta agree witcha on dat 1!
you look like a sick tiger... with a sexy v neck.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
collaboration and networking! How did you get past google+ waiting list? I like to try it out but no response back from google.
Tulisa named world&#39;s sexiest woman
- Thanks dear! I'm pulling through, me thinks...
Are you here at
- Shut Yo Mouth Up !
face the turkey
No doubt, he messed Hammil up bad. What a night!
Now if you could provide (or direct him to) therapy ... Too many hurt folks put here.
I can hear my girlfriend in the other room cleaning up my cat's pee. As soon as I think she's done, I'm going to yell out "I'll do it babe!"
Those tests were for the new Tumblr-Facebook sharing feature, which is new and improved. Great work, !
i would literally do anything to be noticed by the boys. anything.
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
A very successful Martin County Fair has come to an end. Thanks to everyone who came out. Congrats to our newest chick, Bubbles (Lindsay).
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a MacBook!
I agree! The Giudice's have their handful with her! And imagine she-s only 5 !!
No swelling...if it still hurts tomorrow I'll call and ask if it's normal. I don't remember this from the last time, though.
hi there! I thought I'd follow you to see what beautiful things you were up to.
two words: Stoney Jackson Have a good rest of your evening xo
has already stepped into "My New Year". What are you waiting for? . . .
discount double check
yeah...the Horse Feathers are definitely worth checking out!
Be that as it may, I'm still going to take my black arse to the gym to work out these frustrations...smh
Wht is love?
just fell in love with IZZE sparkling pomegranate juice
But I hope Alma gets better soon
Hi there. Great to meet you!
Thanks so much!! Glad to be making music again!!!
Eating like a mad men.
Why am I awake right now wtf
#NotOnTheMenu - Tahitian Vanilla ice cream with truffle caviar, sea salt and virgin olive oil. to-die-for, but only on request . . . shhhh.
Winner of our grand prize Ducati will be announced May 11 on Facebook and Twitter – stay tuned!
Just went SnapBack and kick shopping. Can't wait for Sunday's photoshoot with magazine!! 😃
Hopefully when my family comes to visit this summer I'll be in a show :)
Just booked my ticket to Madison for #recallwalker! Woo-hoo
I HATE gel deodorant o_0 i dont like when my pits get wet x_x
'nough twEeting fo' now....gonna grind before I get my grind on......oatmeal with honey here I come! Happy hump day!!
Hi there ABABng
Found out my roommate for the summer :)
pure strength there
Happy birthday to two of theatre's most legendary composers: Stephen Sondheim and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
We are hoping for something special and we have no doubt you'll deliver.
nice drop Laroche
If so send it to me! But no Facebook! Lmao
Mr. Matthews is yelling " LAKERS SUCK!!!" Like realllyyyy??? -____-
A small British military plane crashed near Oxnard, CA ~12:15pPT. One pilot was on-board. Ventura Co. Coroner called out to the scene.
Before you take off all your clothes remember— you can't take it back.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh wow, did someone order the cucumber salad? I'm joking. I have a boner.
*jumping up and down*
Amazing and touching! Thanks for that and all you do Tony.
lol!!!! Sorry! Can't help myself being corny lol haha
Tiger is just there to take Luck out after the game. You know what i'm saying?
married , job,happiness
Speaking of the new ugly-sofa, why is there no such thing as a "woman cave?" "Come into my woman cave!?"
I think I need to watch TV a bit more📺"
Snip Snip. All this dang WEAVE !
#ThingsMyExsaid don't even apply to me anymore.
You should totally make an energy drink and call it Tiger's Blood!
Uhh. Did I just see the top of Jane Fonda's nipple on the #GoldenGlobes? I think I did. Now we can stop talking about Janet Jackson!!
Just put two and two together that this dinner won't be done in time for the draft. Let's get some big screens on
