ooh, almost forgot! Profit share is one of my most favorite days of the month!
lol one thing I hate about Alex's younow is all the tweets sent to my phone!!
Critical to quality check the bacon. We want only the best for our students! Thanks for keeping us stocked.
Happy Birthday bro!
Sex is your business.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Why does ranch taste so good with pizza?
girl ive been doing the same thing! Listening to all of Justins old songs <3 ah I love him.
love this! Mantra for my first half marathon this weekend!
Awesome show tonight !
DeMaio is told "no more props"
so I went on a pretty cool hike today, except it took us almost 2 hours to finish and only an hour to get back....doesn't quite add up
Barack Obama becomes first president to host a Twitter town hall: James K Polk will be very upset that he didnt win this honor
i mean...i guess it's nice i just didn't think it was her thannngg
I hate to admit it the #Caps are terrible.
RT : *Q4. *When it comes to accessories of any kind where is your favorite place to shop? cc
Metta World Peace really is the epitome of a real n***a.
#sexfact 69 is da best sex postion.Its the best of both worlds. Gettin head & givin it. Ride my face while I fucc yo throat from up under.
OnRoute Digital Media launches mobile platform “BreadKrum” with the New York State Broadcasters Association (NYSBA).
Ladies, I'm deleting.. This ain't working out for me ;)
Look for me, especially at unexpected times -gandolf
tough question. But I'll tell any flyers fan that fleury can stand on his head until Bylsma says stop lol.
the zoo the zoo!
appreciate all of gods creatures
hey thanks for the follow. Hope you had a great Christmas. Say hello to Margie for me.
Super sick cardio workout due to beats provided by !Warping,dub stepping,and 2 stepping my way to the
“: Amendment 1 passed, and it's a damned shame. We did not outvote you, but we will outlive you.”
Blue Laws (holdovers?) UTAH: It is against the law to fish from horseback. (wonder what the origins of THAT were!)
isnt that why we've kept adam around?
Watching juggle "See, they're orbiting each other"
Somebody really did say happy Mothers day to me smh
done!! Text me about it and we can figure out what time.
Heading out to dinner at Chili's with the family!
Happy birthday man!
Can I just go die in a hole?
such a beautiful day out :)
Calling all #Java Developers around Duluth, Georgia. I have a # of spots. Work from home 2 days per week as well.
sucks to be part of that minority.
I am super pumped for baseball, opening day can't get here fast enough!
“: Still haven't had my postcard from :(” email us and we will resend one this week!! Must have gotten lost in mail!
I love hockey but I hate what games like this do to my mood
That was just incompetent
I've stuffed my face with so much food, chips and candy but I still keep eating even though am no longer hungry lol
I just got a great workout in and feeling great.
I don't care who wins the Super Bowl as long as it's not Tom Brady
Rodney is like a cougar magnet. It's highly amusing.
is that u
Yu kno it feels nice outside when all the birds chirping and singing
I want true love, not a crush.
Hello world?
Listening to a little Smokey Norful this afternoon as I work on my laptop at the kitchen table.
oddly enough, Chicagoist has already been there and taken that very picture!
I concur.
because I'm done with drama and that's all you and breeze are soo with that being said goodbye .
The weekend's here started it right, even if I only get part of it right. live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight!
love you
good to hear that! A true Knickerbocker fan
1st on the open mic an older guy singing about guacamole... I need a smoothie
Starting at 6:30 tonight I have back-to-back Fantasy Baseball drafts. Yeah, that's how us ballers roll.
You don't look heavy to me though!
Owner at work told me I'm the best girl bartender they have #flattered :D
Dear commercial, yes because ALL the cool kids go around thier school dancing with everyone else and showing off their notebooks...smh.
Roses baby! #Wisconsin #Badgers!
Because duck dynasty is over. :(
Well, I dont have the exact figures but the global black hair care industry is in the hundreds of millions of dollars at the least
Just watched '21' for the first time in a long time, which reminds me that I should really finish planning mine and Jim Sturgess' wedding.
<3 RT If I win the #megamillions the first big thing I'll do is start a national center for #ALS research. My promise.
goodnight sweetie, hope were still on for tomorrow : ) i hope so because i misses you tonss and i need the deets on this weekend : )
You my friend, you get on my last..
11 things to check off on the to do list in less than an hr. Let's go!
appreciate the follow... Now following back.. Have a great day!
RT : #Rockies Nicasio: 74 pitches, 50 strikes in the sixth. Kid looks great tonight.
Have they started playing the American Idol "going home" music for #Kansas yet?
only 23 more days till i am in the same building as ....'le dead'
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
Around 1:30 PST will be live voting for Colorstache. Please be ready to vote and support Reno and share w/ friends. URL will be posted soon.
seeing #furthur on the floor is the best, on floor for AC and 5th row 100 for MSG. A friend asked if I could get any #Indy tix, any help?
Cupcakes will be coming soon to the IDA! We wouldn't forget about one of our best clients! We'll be in touch. ;)
HAPPY NEW YEAR Bitchez! Im just recovering in New York! is today a Hair done day? hmm
how is The Weeknd???
Thanks! “: total cuteness!”
Awake in fetal position on bathroom floor for last 9 hours with food poisoning. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.
Margaret Wheatly Leadership and the New Science
"Hold on Eva Longoria's texting me"
Wow, sad but there's that pressure isn't there? That until you're published you're not a *real* writer. That needs to change
The #Brewers are getting all of their bad baseball for the season out of their system right now...right?
Money on my mind... check the Cat Scan!
I am most likely leaning towards the theoretical end, however I am not sure nor entirely convinced this will be my route yet.
yeah I think it is :)
Tomorrow we're going to Harry & Izzy's for lunch and then to see A Christmas Carol at the IRT. Happy early birthday to me!
If anything have a consult with a reliable entertainment lawyer.
Hi Brianna Brewer. c;
New candles and stuff for my room, Yogurtland with friends, and #HellsKitchen!
OMG ELENA IS GOING BE A VAMPIRE, I CRIED. OH MY GOD. :(
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great week
you gotta let me know what you think of art when loc brings it home...
We now have some famous mice and well loved duck on our Twitter profile.
Gurl who u telling rt lol": I need to hire a massage therapist.. This dancing mami is so sore all over =/"
#bengals success will make the decisions easy for you.
Pancake breakfast, bike ride, picking blackberries... What have you done with your Saturday morning?
We can't directly impact Tomorrow nor Yesterday. Today is our slice of Life so let's live it wisely & enjoy it fully & laugh much & have fun
Success requires #persistent redirection away from distractions & back toward the #goal. SeanLetwat
sounds good bro
haha i love my mom:) she is the best!
happy birthday S/O to my boy
I tend to freak out in the mornings.
thanks. #Compete and Defend!
So 3 feet isn't already enough?
Thanks so much! Feels great. : )
Reading yearbook signings from Freshman year... I'm laughing and crying at the same time!
your mom is beautiful! :) tell her happy mothers day for me please! :D
It's been on my to-read list for years! I like it so far.
The world is the practice live stage for your premier in heaven. follow Christ's examples. Avoid religiosity and simply concentrate on HIM
Thanks for the follow!
Guess I'm have to let this one go!
It's my doggies birthday today he's 4 wish him happy birthday!!! And happy 4-20 Hehehe
Hopefully hitting up Two 4 Tuesday at Bremen cafe with my pals Ryan, , and !!!
Found boyfriend chinos @ J. Crew on North Ave. last night-on sale for 20$!!! Wearing them now, SO cute and SO comfy!
Why is Toby back with his "favorite person in the world"(Jenna)? He always hated her. Is he just trying to get back at Spencer? Idk.
Jean Quan: "Vacate the premises....again." #occupyoakland: "were not going anywhere"
I think these "revisions" just became a complete rewrite. But the story's gonna soar when it's all done.
you KNOW I'm down for tacos! Also #tacos>cheerleaders mark
Corey Tropp sent away for slashing. #Marlies to the powerplay looking to double up in the first.
United. There was a chemical accident that shut down the baggage sorter @ O'Hare. We waited a bit, then took off w/o 6 bags.
Loiter squad is effin hilarious
FSCJ defends video that jokes about wasteful spending and being in 'utter chaos' - Florida Times-Union (blog)
First day of the 2012 MLB season. Who do you think is gonna take the World Series this year?
Sweet " A soldier fights, not because he hates those in front of him, but because he loves those behind him.
two hours?? Where u at girl?
I know! She did it! I have tried and failed with orchids many many times.
check out the wonderful PR guru
I havnt swiped my card since he came along :)
Play back
Follow all the
Hello #RadioWaves keeping updated with ? make sure to follow them on twitter and "like" them facebook.com/radioforthepeople
I was there! Driver was caught; no injuries “: Someone just drove into the Hyde Park Grill building and then fled the scene!”
Now who's the one that doesn't wanna hang lol?
Drawn together. And not pulling away!
can't make excuses for everybody though...
Wow i dunno how to feel... I guess im just gonna wait for the call
Witnessing the magic of apple tv.
Selena's sister died, her parents divorced and she gets sick hate everyday, yet she always has a smile on her face. SelenaG Is Flawless
RT : Great post! : Top 10 Excuses Why #CRE Pros Don’t Use Social Media and What They Really Mean | –...
Oh and follow Friday to the starter of the street teams !
At dan electro's guitar bar in the heights listenin to eric demmer and the sax dogs. Incredible!
My plan for a solr shard on every text datanode won't work. There are 328 of them, too many.
Just realized I'll be in Chicago for St. Patricks day. Green rivers & green beer.
meredith ann marie pietsch! i cant believe youre using that language!
Govt to enact legislation to remove squatters - Trinidad Guardian
Yummy lunch with after packing in an 18 mile run. Your sandwiches are delish!
UIS has told us that every dorm will have wireless by the end of this school yr. Not sure if Vil B is categorized as a dorm tho
Why must you blame?
dag nabit; I need six stars by god!
San Antonio CD & DVD duplication, packaging & Custom t-shirts! Born here staying here.
“: Last night's investigation was phenomenal! 4teams collaborated at 1haunted, abandoned location in search for the unknown"
what do you mean by all?
Just wanna get it out there that I really appreciate everyone that's following me!
GM World
excellent point.
Looking forward to getting onto the 405 to DTLA #practicingpatience .. Who said traffic didn't have its perks ??
a fitting end to the rivalry. Wish you all weren't leaving.
Is it cause the Canucks suck? #Trolol #NoCup ;) hehe im just playing bro! :D
SquE-Z now or SquE-Z later, the choice is yours!
if I return item that I bought w/Kohl's charge in March and paid bill for already, do I get cash or store credit? website is unclear.
checked you guys out man love it. Coming to new Orleans anytime soon? Maybe we can show trade if we come to la?
a very nice blog, and fashionable, too.
omg i am so sorry someone hacked into my account and emailed everyone im following :( :(
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
It's weird that no one has tried to get to 1 million followers. She gave us a number one single guys. Come on.
well at least they can't call y you a teenager anymore.lol
Was staring at Holder last night and couldn't place the resemblance. You're 100% right. Stedman it is!
got it, thanks
that's so old
yeah, I knew there was a reason I avoided talking to him before now.
In their defense, their old head coach was probably banging a woman half his age on the regular.
Thanks for the follow Mr. pretender. I am one too.
April 27th check us out with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and many more at Peabody's!!
I, apparently, can't drink anything without spilling it on myself.
Personally, I can't tell the difference between 90* and 95*. It's all too goddamn hot to me.
#Inconvenient: when you have to use your phone with one hand because your other thumb has a band-aid on it.
Lutron's C.L dimmers work w/ CFL, LED & halogen. The new one is 1st digital to work w/ CFL. Right ?
#HAPPYBIRTHDAY TO ME AND TO #ALEXANDERMCQUEEN *<]=D
an old perverted man...sick
Sure! Suitably aquatic, I reckon :)
thinks should tweet more
oh yeah!!! U should definitely come out here
it would also help if there were some tunes out there for consumption, but that's not your fault
Thanks for the kind words, Gonzalo. Wishing you and your's peace too. :)
Definitely. I respect that he had the guts to talk to me after such a tough loss. Shows a lot of class.
Thanks be back in May. be ready to get it in!
Heading out to to the Nats vs. Padres game with my new Enterprise Services team :) Rough 2nd day!
if i acted the way most girls do id drown myself in a well. that shit's not cute.
I'm a great believer in Luck, I find the harder I work the more I have of it ~ Thomas Jefferson. #MakeYourOwnLuck!
It's done.
already 10 years have gone by
I love my Mrs. Wrong
you're lying again?
counting to ten...
just done my nails.... now i feel like im a vegetable.
OMG...how are you??? You teaching a class at UM now?
I'm here! Wha'happened?
There's a thing called the Bill of Rights that says yes. And he'll keep writing them until ppl stop reading.
Good morning fellow Twitts
.|!__| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
OH lol, yea well Verizon can go suck a fat ________ < Insert word of choice here.
Hey bro..I will see you in Cleveland next Friday..follow back!!
She don't deserve a daughter like me
at least my vagina doesnt smell like some dead fish. Honestly your the biggest bitch of all time. Jump infront of a bus
at night my body is an orchestra
Bought the upgrade to watch online via iPhone... Cannot login online... Trying to watch Marquette! Called, emailed, nothing...
Yes we are stand J310 featuring our new collaboration with Nina Campbell by And So To Bed. Come meet us. Larry & Michel
Who would you rather have driving you, Miss Daisy or Donte Stallworth?
I cant always be the bigger person.. Overweight
#SWAG :D
Enjoy a cocktail & live piano entertainment tonight at Goldfish starting at 6:30!
thank you so much Loretta! you are so sweet :)
Hurray! It's Saturday! 2 cups of coffee and I'm ready to go!
The Food Trucks are 's Food Truck Fridays At Palmetto Bay Village Center. You don't wanna miss it!
so, did you create your account already?
lol that sounds so mean (((:
Door knocking with Shannon Sneed today. Write in Shannon Sneed!
Watching Costco Craze and the power of their buyers is unbelievable.
RT : Power on in Steele Canyon!!
=( must stop smoking..... again.... =( why did I temp my strength, and re-start? WHY!
My boyfriend has no idea how amazing he is. Never happier than when I'm with him, and he may never know how much I need him. <3
Nice. Can't wait to get out there.
He was as gobsmacked as anybody...and he goes to everything.
Sure there is a panel on new media and we are needed to contribute to it
hyperbolic lies = #waronwomen RT U have war on INFANTS!!! Infanticide in streets! In backyards.They killin babies!
Just found out about & I'm in love. Wish I had known about them when Myla was in the NICU.
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down.
getting boxes done like its my job
At least your finally happy. <3
Never been a cat person. But my pussy is bomb
yep, looks lie the #laarson guy. My car in the crime scene @ Fairfax&Sunset, comments from police/fire coming shortly
Off to the Badger game!
some dude wants to trade me a 79 Camaro for my EK.
I don't play with assholes but I am one on TV. Wait...I'm not on TV?! o.O ...Oh well, I guess now I can play with my asshole.
V for Vendetta
What a wonderful blog! Seriously, this helped me immediately understand a few things a bit more clearly. Thank you :).
me a kitten???
sounds like we're on the same page. :)
Major milestone. Now I'm thinking flight for dinner.
I'm sorry Jessica :-( I'm unhappy that you're unhappy.
I forgot how stressful the last couple weeks before prom are! Still so much to do!!
I don't agree with the comparison. Dukakis' question was directly related to policy...Newt's was not
I realize how bad my knees are when I have to sit at a desk all day. They throb when I sit but when I stand to stretch they get tired lol
he's a fag! He's funny doe!!!
TODAY'S Super Mystery Jackpot song clue: Think wildlife. The jackpot is $80.
Perfect time for a creative block.
Todays Wednesday- which means Orientation and Open Call! We are all excited to audition new talent!
Their commercials make me think that as long as I eat it with something healthy then it doesn't count. Right?
Two words : B flat (Bb)
Are you actually kidding
How was your day?(:
Our next major server update will include support for more Java programs, like Minecraft.
S/O 2 n showin love n support at Roc the Mic!!!
A 40% break-even and a 12% success rate is anything but a "flop" given the minimal capital investment to get to an app to market.
Better than dying of herpes.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 317
So.... who wants to be on tv? I entertaining the idea of a co host... if interested let me know.
Taking care of the household this weekend: & yesterday, & today
Ooohhh I like this one! RT : When you begin to shine, that is when your shadow will disappear...
Praying for whatever you're going through right now. He'll never put more on you than you can bear. Be encouraged. Love you Cuz!
At the Warner Theatre in DC to see Human Nature. Opening act from Wm & Mary is an acapella group of ladies, the Passing Notes. Very good!
Guterman: 80% of child abuse fatalities occur in the 0-3 age group.
You got it :-) Thanks for coming out
Are you still doing stuff with d6 user_badges?
#TwinsFest schedule is out and #CenturyLinkMSP is already getting excited for another season as exclusive comm. provider @
This cute gay guy I've been following on twitter is actually a lesbian! Stupid lezzies and their trickery! Always up to no good.
Add incline to your workouts. Running uphill will burn more calories, strengthen your leg muscles and build your endurance.
Damian, you're welcome and thank you!
Havent been here in a while! :)
one of their done followed me thanks for ♥ how about & ?
There's like 6257832994210 Dj's in Houston and only like 20 are actually good.
Feeling good about my last semester at #MICA, resolved my
El Vez has left the building.
I refuse to tweet anything because will make fun of me.
So hungry, hope dinner is ready soon :(
Last class meeting of law librarianship ended. I'll miss having class in such a lavishly wired, outfitted building on the actual 40 acres.
Karma is God's way of showing that He sees everything and that there are consequences for everything you do; good or bad.
The Shema likewise expresses the heart of all that we seek to embody in our lives
Can I get that mm can get that Ahh
Yo DUDES! we're trying to work something out with Apollo Games for the Midnight release of MW3. It should be sweet.
Tonight's Happy Hour cocktail- "Apple Blossom." Calvados (fine apple brandy), lavender, rose-geranium. $5 until 8pm, $8 afterwards.
Euripides I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart
LOL, what is it?
is bush league ..... thanks for nothing!
yes sir. Good here too
lol i'm just sitting here dying of laughter smh
We open at 4:30 w/ a great cask of Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.
right on, buckhead is a great mix of new and experienced folks. If you ever hit a lunch WOD you'll prob see me
LOL, Uthoff should've thought twice about UW, then we could have avoided this whole mess.
Much needed girls night out at
RT : guys. dont be surprised. we have a governor who pointed her finger in the presidents face.
just signed on to Produce/Line Produce the feature film, "The Lookout". Pre-Production starting this week. Production tentatively scheduled…
Happy Monday!!! Here's to a great week!!
bella thorne if you dont like me and if you dont love me i dont care I will always love you <3<3
Yes, but there's no need to be. We're all uniquely beautiful in our own right.
I skipped food and caffeine. Im stuck in traffic. I hate today already.
nothin worse then a red bull crash
I got RayBan and Polo glasses
I release all resistance about where I am and I allow the next level to reveal itself to me. Today, I love myself for where I am.
thanks for the follow! If you have any furniture or mattress needs you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!! ITS GOING DOWN
hey sweetheart did you need a massage? You can always give me a call
Face twitches<<<<<
- run barefoot & write & edit great content for start-ups. Interested having coffee?
Cool! Looks like a trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and over the Verrazano bridge is in order for this coming weekend.
This bolis rompope ice cream I'm eating is so good. Omg.
Cloudy with Chance of Meatballs is SO FUCKING CREEPY
RT : I hope to run at least a half hour every day! A little bit makes a huge difference! #HDSHoliday <ditto that
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 42
The never ending story
That play, Mr. Bruce, just confirmed it. You are OVERRATED!
w . t . f - so jealous !!! dont go to shoko. do go to razzmatazzzzzz
I still debate whether working with college students makes me feel older than I should or keeps me younger than I ought to be...
if they give you any more grief we just had an OF spot open up on our slowpitch team and we have a "No-Tweets-Barred" policy.
Just realized that today is my last day of mass com. Let's just say, I CAN'T WAIT! Woo!!!
hello baby!!
10 days until the Community Student Retreat in Lone Star, Texas! Praying for lives to be made new.
thanks Bryan... New pics from Don Hales ;)
MT ...Manny Banuelos: 3.2IP 2H 0R 0BB 5K <-- Good to see in a year where pitching's been a bit sour for Yankees throughout...
Verona gets on the board as Ashley Seymour finds Felicia Retrum for a score. 1-0 Wildcats. Goal came at 44:57.
In case you missed the MIA flashmob make sure to check out Miami channel 10 tonight at 6pm for local coverage.
We missed my aunts graduation because my uncle hates that im gay...ugh..what a fucking loser!! 😡
RT ~100million in cost savings if we embraced open access publishing of publically funded research content
Going to the MainStreet Chamber meeting tonight in Medina. Anyone else going?
true. fewer spinning beachballs that way.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! X
follow back please?
#NP the boy is mine glee cast
That's amazing, It kind of looks like Jennifer Lawrence.
Your life, Your choices, Your mistakes.
RT Indian Coffee Break, Nashta Chai, is tomorrow from 3-5PM at the Grad Lounge. It is going to be cool, so come by!
pLease do..! if only things were possible over the internet..
What if the refs hit Ohio St with a T for the manager who just ran out on the floor...
Seriously, what's with all the Netflix haters? Get over it. Everything used to be cheaper.
About to indulge in some Deathly Hallows pt. 2 w/ while eating Baja Fresh burrito bowls, so stoned we both look half asian
Studio Time! SPREAD THE WORD!
If I'm nervous around you, chances are I liiikkkkeee you;D
a little bit. not surprised to be in the playoffs, but surprised on how they are playing yes,
same thing
#webserieschat I always pay crew, and I am vowing that my next project won't start until I can pay the actors too!
Yess. Please show them Again
I apologize. I just hate to see that Gabby wasn't recognized at all at least not on TV & I think she deserved more recognition
You're so fucking bipolar I swear.!
that would be kinda sorta awesome
Chris Jones and Adam Bailey are the new Bradley Cooper and Ryan Gosling
#tailgate. Who is up for some Tailgating! It's Wednesday and the red river gang has started
why do guys always hurt my heart
I got hit!
": I text you first everyday. But today I won't. Today, I want you to text me first. Today, I want YOU to miss me."
miss u fam!!!
#SOTU drinking game idea: "America is great" = 1 shot; "America is great...but" = 2 shots.
Thomas' phone case.
everything on my newsfeed is always like, "about 2 get drunk wit ma bros" "high as shit" congratulations, your life is so interesting.
Weather is *finally* awesome in Chicago for the last day of our #tek11 adventures.
Thanks for your RTs, #RonPaul's true patriots!
Our pleasure ! We love helping you and other families succeeded!
Live a little. Eat dessert first today.
So... "After FNL"... worth picking up?
Best Cary Grant/Ingrid Bergman/Claude Rains Movies - Allentown Morning Call (blog)
because i dont want to be talking about the wrong thing then look retarted
How are you :)
Audition for Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday! Limited seating.
My daughter loves singing "papa - paparazzi" (she's 4).
I tell geo?:)
you already said "you never know" hahaha
OMG excited to c where you go!!!!
I don't want to even think of those days! Want her to stay 5 forever!
An 18yr old strangles his girlfriend to death for ignoring him, was not caused by black ops video game! The foundation was never solid.
what are some MUST see or MUST do things in LA.. I have lived here for a while yet feel brand new...any ideas ;)
haha...sorry. We have gone to 2 games this year, both losses. Think I will watch from home. I am bad luck I guess!
― W.H. Auden, New Year Letter
iamjacquees I Swear I Love This Song "Keke Twist My Hair" I Have It On My IPhone Mp3 Player Computer Ps3 Xbox 360 I Have It On Everything!
No school for me today (:
Good morning ever1!!!! even though I'm gona be in bed for another 20 minuets ;p that always happens...
It's so fun when your editing system crashes 7 minutes before your liveshot.
How does Chris Raney keep getting through. WOW.
Omg you're an idiot haha nvm
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Check out these Traditional Marketing products: Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Enjoyable Parties Guar
That my friend is the safest bet!
"You're special. Take that in." -Parenthood
Putting together a renovation project schedule for my cherch! Though my allergies are KILLING me, I'm going to get right back on it!
now we need to set a date!
Took the new Sawyer out for a spin today and LOVE IT Can't wait for better weather and the good wisconsin trails
I say "this is my city" like other people say "oh this is my jam" #civicpride i haz it
Jealous! Hope you get a pretty color :)
There's a fine line between clever and 99.999% of April Fools pranks. The ratio is much worse online. That last 0.001 is worth it all...
it always does for me too. ahh the days where we could drink crap alcohol and not get hungover the next morning
Haha I know :)
finally got my phone replaced and the first thing that comes up when i turn it on is twitter...
naw not no more we in Cape Verde some island
.: "[The world] can be even better.... We can't make that happen by ourselves, but [it can't happen] happen w/o us." (2of2)
Ooh, I don't think I've seen one! That would make me smile. I see a truck up here that has a Nugent/Palin sticker. YES.
ORANGE you glad you're snooki ORANGE?
2 hours till the show w/ excited to be on this show!
watching Ray do his pre game rant makes me want to crush someone!
HE CAME OUT OF THE CLOSET I FUCKING TOLD YOU!
I wonder how many people watched the space shuttle launch this afternoon? Seems like going into space is "ho-hum" news for some of us now.
Jealous much?Your the same ole song
Thanks to everyone who answered the textbook question so quickly.
Left is Right | A bitter left-right debate is born in Quebec - Metronews.ca
boomerang is pretty awesome too. easy sell to people who dont like complicated things.
What's happening ?
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service - MarketWatch (press release)
200. I think.
No Georgetown today? :(
I get really annoyed when someone leaves my room without closing the door...😒
Will you design a new logo for us? That way we can open and serve amazing coffee and food to CCAD students in #Columbus. Thx!
“: you look nice in your avi!!”thank you.!!!
Wait, you're not?
wsup with the game...
First #fairuse case concerned a biography of George Washington, that defdnt lost. What do legit biographical practitioners do..not
Hey guys check out www.spiritflowtv.com
finally made it!! #GodisAble so pumped to worship our God who is indeed able :))
cool I didn't wanna see you either
Thanks for your RT. You definitely need to come to the You could see the zoo, Seagrove, and the Village of PineHurst.
I'm hungry damn it
it's not your fault .
It's not easy being green ;) MT I'm trying to get rid of my Kermit avatar and Twitter won't let me ...
Happy Sunday Facebook friends!
How old are you?(:
Friend and I went on the apartment search today. How can a 1-bedroom be $1,500? Disappointing, Seattle...
do you think McCown will give the jags a chance like Gerrard did his first year as the starter?
It should not be so hard to convince a doctor to administer an HPV test to men. Love your lover's cervix.
Just realized there was a new 30rock recorded in the DVR!!
Can you guys believe that NBC cancellation news today? That's so cool that they're cancelling Leno and bringing Carson back from the dead!
as i was told last night: mercury was in retrograde. so THAT was my problem!!
'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion' What does that mean to you?
Boutta roll one
Getting ready for a great day at #erl12 tomorrow. How about you?
miss the big sexy! will see you soon!
I read her food truck posts with lust, envy and maybe a few other deadly sins
Dont play wit me Badd bitches stay wit me ..... Yea its okay wit me all day wit me okay wit me......#Ak Wit me bitch City boi..........
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Partly sunny. Highs around 80. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
His legs are as soft as clouds
Ok, ok. I will end it. I know the right answer! Just hold me, dammit.
That Rondo-to-Bradley layup was LeBron-Wade-like. Nice work, Rajon.
I had enough. Can I go home now?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor!!!
": wins. kay bye." owned and thanks<3
I believe that we will... Uh Oh!
Someone should text me!
Is that even possible?
In the new millennium, vampires no longer fear the sun. But they do fear... THE SON OF GOD!!!1!1eleventy!!!
And no nasty headache or unnecessary weight gain :) Sounds great! Enjoy!
Swanson Engr. wants to thank the RK Mellon Foundation for the largest private foundation grants in Pitt’s history!
FIT kicks off the first LuLuLemon free yoga class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.
We are getting started here at UDC's Urban #Sustainability Summit- welcome to Will Allen!
Hahahahahaha! I need a cardboard cut out. Like now. Lmao...... Yes we do!
you and me both gurl
Is it just me, or do I detect a certain skepticism?
Sorry me&my bros haven't been on lately.We're currently on a vacation in Jamaica.Not much internet service here
i can do that
GARRETT LEAVE ME ALONE. YOU'RE FUCKING ANNOYING. UNFOLLOW ME, BLOCK ME, GET OUT OF MY FUCKING LIFE.
Sunday mornings at the Fox theatre, I <3 Pomona
LOVE IT. #routetree #scramblerules #sit #IDcoverage #depth #D&D
Can you still golf in Colorado this time of year? Too cold yet? Flying there today
I wonder how many texts i start to write but dont finish because i dont know how to spell a word...
psh whatever! Just dust off those pipes and belt it!
Morning to you too lovely!
One per icon
Happy new year!
do not like training courses that not helpful
RT : You're 13, you smoke, drink, and have sex? I sense you have a bright future ahead of you.
New website is halfway done & looking AWESOME! FYI, you're getting a page on there under my resources section!
we know you're feeling better b/c you're tweeting more!
New York's Arbor Day is the Last Friday in April. -- Can you name the NY State Tree?
RT : OH: "keep your dirty nose off of Matt's murse!"
How about R2L? Is that still nice or did the natives dog it? Try The Palm or Morton's...
playin hangman in school+i ofcourse choose as my subject+all of the sudden a girl goes Harry styles I made a new friend 2day
O #sleep is no replacement for you. This is the earliest time I've gone to bed in almost a month. Hell of a week.
*gasp* I was doing both of those things!
Live demos are a key part of the training webinars I host.
Analyzin' the world
Gotta go with the Pack. As much as I love the Brewers and what they've done so far, I've always been more of a football girl
RT": Mitt Romney. Because the guys who brought you the Iraq War have to run somebody." / SO true! #Mitt puts the also in "also-ran"
Caleb class of 08. Bradley and Hannah class of 10. Sarah class of 11. How any of this is old school is beyond me.
We'll reboot the Sisterhoods of the Traveling Pantsuits!
. I don't know how it got in there. Some dumb joke I guess. Don't worry, honey, you know you're all I want.
I prefer real people around me
☭ ♫ "Шаляй-Валяй" ♫ ☭ from *Стиляги* kind of makes me cry a little.
oh boy is right. She's single now.
client update~day four of the TSFL program. Down 4 lbs!! Way to GO!!!!!
WHAT ARE YOU BEING FOR HALLOWEENER?!
Thanks! I'll try again later.
Though that may help him with his divorce proceedings, primetime should've never involved the kids like that 8/..
I requested yesterday.
RT : My 10,000 tweet is dedicated to because i missed him at my 9,000 tweet lol Love ya hahaha
LOL maybe we should set up a call fwd tool for you. Or you should just come work for us and get paid for your inconvenience:)
You did great! RT: Thanks everyone who supported me tonight this was a new experience and I hope you continue to enjoy...
the new "People You May Know" beta functionality on is pretty slick and huge improvement
Watching the laundry go round and round. :-)
hey - we're the Craft and Folk Art Museum in LA and we have an idea for a Handmade Lomo Photobooth Project - DM us?
So awesome! What was the other old song they played? It was between Underneath the Sycamore & Death of an Interior Decorator....
Trying to contact and meets the best agent for my career in L.A!!i have got work visa for 3 years without restriction!!!
Whoa.....! StormyBreeze over the weekend......! Devistatingly Bad..!
In Kevin Colbert I trust..
Oh, me too! I got a two-scoop sundae at Baskins & Robbins, Oreo & Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough with Hot Fudge.
Thank you for the awesome post. Dead on.
Bossy from head to toe, A freak but never a hoe, I play this game like monopoly, And I dare a bitch to land on my property .
Ten hours in a Cube again with a computer. I am hardly human any more. Bummer. Auto Self-Destruct over ride is in "Off" mode.
At a +roads. 6 mo after dumping corporate world, finally found true calling. Met with cancer aware people - now making purses with soul.
“: #FF Love these guys (thx for the drink!)” Thanks!
who cares lol
If you're happy and you know it _____ your _____.
is chatting about his role at Facebook and why #Facebook Timeline is really meant to tell your life story but engaged w others.
Thank you for the mention. Have a fabulous day!
No scheduled power cuts in Mumbai in 30 years. Chennai still has daily scheduled power cuts + random outages + brownouts. Chennai != city.
me and have study hall at the same time. how odd?
Fumbles = Playing as much this fall for #OhioState as I do..... RT: My suggestion to Rod is to NOT put the ball on the ground.
it's so nice out today - I think you should all come by the factory store for lunch and eat at one of our outdoor picnic tables.
#RevolutionSaturdays with Hosted By Buy 1 Bottle get 1 Bottle FREE! RSVP:
5 more days till Pre-Sales start for T2-Live in LA and Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. 1st 100 bundles signed by Neal and Mike Portnoy.
As far as I can tell, GGBridge rally cancelled. Those in solidarity asked to meet at Larkspur Ferry. I can't get to Larkspur.
absolutly adorable hope u can handle two boys :P
Soft shit coming up
**enter kobe was sick excuse here**
"Most people who went through a divorce as children have few happy childhood memories."
Falling gasoline prices.
Haven't been on twitter in forever! A trip to Florida and the holiday had me pretty busy. Hope all of my twitter friends are doing well.
hahah ok how about this.. Were all hanging this summer ok?!
Headed back to the airport and home again, way too early to be up
Never fear, corporate penal colonies will mine the moon for helium-3.
Milk Shake at 1 a.m that's what's up :D
We're doing a VIRGO fix right now- Call #s show in search results, but not after clicking for more detail. Back to normal ASAP!
It's official. I've registered for my last semester of #libraryschool !
Feel like I'm missing something with all the Mumford & Sons hype. The album just doesn't do much for me.
I don't see the point of school after the FCAT
Demo Submissions and Executive Meetings are free til July 1st!!! Also interviewing next month for A&R's in the Richmond Area!!!
I hope they don't try to touch your feet!!!
studying for my last exam before spring break. Wish it was done already :(
Trey Gunn popped into my mind because it's cool and edgy but loaded with world instruments
I got schooled today by a 4-year-old on trains. He was not settling for anything less than a James train with coal and passengar cars!
cmon man you allready know I been bumpn that. Mixtape or what? And I know u said you was cool wit Nipsey When can I expect tha
We are finally up and running!!! Check us out to find everything Neal Morse, Transatlantic and many other artists.
I see you
Don't even say it. It's not true. It's a bad dream. ....WHAT?
A Day In The Life
I have a service that does that. I'm following you again.
please do share your new fragrances with social media in "Real-Time'.
well that was pretty pathetic!! But hey, they weren't even supposed to be there.
Enjoy the show!
why yes, I do make weird noises when I want someone to cuddle with me
TODAY SHOULD BE A GOOD DAY.
"Someone's definitely seeing my nipples tonight." - Jacqueline Fay #hilarious I love her.
I can't stand in da way ass niggas
I'm going back too sleep
OMFG I JUST HEARD BLACK OUT oN Y100
Just had 's eggless egg salad for lunch. Love it everytime!
With the team winning !
Hey comedy nerds! Get in free when you arrive b4 8pm tonight. See you for the comedy show!
who told you? Lol
woofs n thanks :) xx
At the Dekalb Public Library, signing and speaking. Come say hello! :)
mine to
“: Anybody wanna grab lunch I need some food to shack back !” -- lets go .
yes, yes you will :-)
bro u wanna know sum funny
I'm bored
Wow, culinary uniforms make people look fat.
Thank you for your notes & live chats, we'll get to the bottom of it!
I think every great design or designer must be unpredictable.That what Austin's is Mondo is good but his looks were predictable
happy to help out with Berlin tips. See you next week then.
she was nice. And I got out of there quickly and without paying crazy fees!
The One Show had over 20,000 entries this year. And ad peeps wonder who the big winner was. The One Show.
Yes. I love it! It's kinda all over the place musically...Ish.
That bat did not die a hero.
show last nite was incredible-don't miss him HRC Denver & Seattle if you can help it. Funny. Ponient. Rock God.
Good Wednesday! Is it your birthday this week? Celebrate it at Oz! Free bday cake, card, and 1 spin on our Birthday Wheel of Fortune!
Haters don't hate you, they hate themselves, because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
Lost three friends on Facebook this week. I guess there have been to many pictures of horses for them to handle. Not real friends I guess.
do u like scentsy warmers?
soo good. Yes! You will. I feel it.
thanks for such a quick response. That's great. I can't wait. Great product.
Just Dance with the
So much for letting children be just that, adulthood comes fast enough. Let them watch Spongebob, and enjoy being a child! Repulsed.
Loving the website! I'm getting hungry just looking!
Retail therapy
you are the fourth person who used the block button tonight. Kudos
So much to love about the EEOB. Strikingly unappreciated treasure. Also: Where many of the Nixon tapes were recorded.
Who got up this morning and went shopping? Or did you stay in bed and relax in those stretchy pants!
As do you my man!
#Swag Bra.. Much Luv!
Glad to hear it - we'll see you next time!
welcome and is that you in your icon
Mowing the grass is not a priority for me. I am at an age when a man needs a sense of nobility. ~ Garrison Keillor
#ACM - Blake sure likes drinking songs! Maybe because he does such a good job on them!
Incredible. FYI- In fifth graph, think you meant "Ms." instead of "Mr."
Sitting here in this hair salon is getting on my Nerve 😖
*currently still sleeps on a futon*
check you dm
Fresno-Clovis Most Wanted: Homes for Sale! There are a lot of buyers and not enough homes for sale. Call me: (559) 779-5550. Sell your home!
Don't forget! For transportation To/From Fort Lauderdale Airport Call 561 212-1236
I don't know if we would be cute. What I do know is I kinda like you. Wish I knew what you think...........
I love you boo :))) and you were really great tonight <3
I know what you mean. He IS a silly man! I can only hope most who listen to him don't take him seriously. Please no!
Woo Lovely Day for #FollowFriday !
My boobs hurt lik a muthafuckkka
Tip #70: LIVE...If someone puts out a HUGE over bet post flop against your remaining stack it is usually weak.
There is nothing wrong with shorts and boots
Sleeping in until 1 completely throws me off!!! Wth
why? it is a check mark so the city can say they have a web presence for all agencies
HAIRSTYLISTS & SALON OWNERS! Boost UR sales w/ hair extensions that'll take UR biz 2 the top & Dr. Wiggy will show U how @
i gave spop your address. They will be sending you the gift card.
How beautiful a day can be When kindness touches it! ~George Elliston
look at the usb!
whats harry styles account name.? Still new to twitter
sahaurita at the moment
Harry used to live with Louis but now is moving out to his own flat.
thats what it said let me check again
Another great Digital Dialogue speaker this week: Jeremy Dibbell () on Bringing Historical Libraries to Life at LibraryThing
Watching the food network
Look for Coconut Water in the VIP gift bags of the Localicious gala!
Thighs are killing me.
Ultimately, I feel the level of hypocrisy is the same, in both countries. The scale of deception and brutality differing (more)
GA Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atl's Fulton County, African-American youth made up over 93% of total intake criminal offenses;
Damn Killah you still in the 'Rockies you better of put my red rocket to good use my boy
Whelp .. Ya learn something new everyday!
"Oh He knows your voice, lift your hands it's time to rejoice, child your cries have awoken the Master"
Seeing the SJU theatre company's production of Is He Dead? A SECOND TIME
this is not a difficult question. Men cheat 1. opportunity 2. disconnect from partner 3. low self esteem 4. hurt.
Surely it depends on whether you're looking for active engagement or just some kind of bulletin board?
“: If you do her right, she wont ever do you wrong...”that's a lie...
RT There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
What a great question.
Well I don't plan on making that face very often :]
I got it in the mail, It should be coming
Sorry i havent been on guys! i have been uber bussyyy! how is everyone?
Appreciate MLB MVP & Cy Young pitcher of our Detroit Tigers spreading word about military & veterans initiative on Twitter.
Ha, that's a pretty substantial number.
one hour Swedish is $75. Ask about our snow emergency discount available today and tomorrow... $60:-) hope to see you soon!
ooooeeee! Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
You're really close to a tweet milestone, huh?
Passions by K photoshoot taking place RIGHT NOW!!
I wonder if lurks tumblr like he does twitter.......
Dwyane Wade didn't even get touched... Couldn't body George Hill, & wanted a call for it. "Ain't that like D-Wade?"
I'm bummed I missed Jermaine. Is Christina just full on cray now?
u too
the classic James Brown beat traces directly back to New Orleans and Clayton Fillyau (the drummer on Live At The Apollo)
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
Pretty good workout
FYI that's a tweet from last year that you RT'd re: Fashion Night Out. Tix are on sale for this year though. :)
In the late 1800’s, Chase & Sanborn put out a flier on how to read the coffee grounds at the bottom of the cup (like a fortune teller).
tried to find you, then got wrapped up in Rufus King stuff, I'm sure you understand.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday. ♥
We have our Key Lime Pie and Snowball cupcakes today! In Alb you never know which way the weather will go!? Current KLP!
The Father knows where and when to place you. If you move thinking you should be elsewhere you'll be out of alignment when it's time to work
nah, I dont even feel like blazing.
will be at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln in Chicago giving away free drinks and shots at 10pm.
Director of the stuff larry cohen on stage
me lol & my crew
Thanks to lovely hair new followers please follow for unprofessional tweets
In other words, astronauts just want to avoid treecials.
The panel is now reviewing application #120021 for Bunch Montessori Early Childhood Center.
. and I are having a FB convo about pancakes. She doesn't understand cakes for breakfast. Is she ok?
sorry, I just slept again! XD
Thanks for RTs!
Gonna celebrate my birthday tonight, my baby's back from Denver!
It's not hard to not be stupid.
often, because every where I look in the world it's mostly prostitutes and whores anyway I'm happy at least Concetta
Who can take credit?
Mormon's react to student novel, that parents claim has "anti-mormon" message. Will the book be removed from the read list? Watch CBS19
Tomorrow night, Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall at Bailey Ave, Mt. Washington, 6 - 7 pm.
oh duh! Why else would you be marching?! Lol that's kool I wish I could do something like that
“: #Scorpio's don't trust anyone but themselves.”
Lawn's been #raked and
You have too many crazies on your team! RT : he is a nutcase ! But I like crazy !! Watch him in game 7.
Literally just turned on the Phillies and laughed out loud immediately.
Arizona (AZ), Phoenix wedding reception,Top Phoenix wedding reception sites, Phoenix Wedding Garden and Reception Center
thats bogis what they call him but there just haters
Thanks for the tweets! xoxo
Congrats! Good Luck at , it's a great school!
Thanks so much for following Dr. Robert Miller!
#kced points out that more and more of the teachers that works with have students on the #autism spectrum
meet me after this period , I'll meet you at the top of the stairs !
Sunday already ! Church in 7 hours :) school tomorrow aha saying that already ;p still need to shop ! Baseball season so far but its cool :)
I see you r enjoying the new season. Good epi so far? Did u ever finish SOA?
Sure do love the game of - calling for ball, hitting the J and then forcing offensive foul. Good series.
are those bugle boys?
what levels of the RnR did you use?
Agree 100%. Next thing you know, authors will be selling direct, as some already are.
Well what is going to be the next fad on facebook after this number crap dies out?
#Imagine Louis: My turn to decide what we're going to do tonight! You: Okay. Tell me, then. Louis: We're going to bed early. ;)
I've been Hustlin' so long I need to brush my face and shave my teeth!
your hologram needs a software update
Research shows greater contentment/happiness for those who have interests & passions outside of work. What are you passionate about?
Oh yeah, I'm good for that! Constantly cracking jokes
New gmail interface has suddenly appeared.
When your told this might be your last summer in kansas because ur moving.
it would make my day if you follow me...<3
Yes please most definitely yes.
Smoke the pain away...
They're exactly the right height!
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day! Xo
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'.
Today only! FREE Marketing and Advertising Tips to help your business success! Visit www.nivula.com and call (866) 536-9257
lol XD and where are you from? ...i you don't mind answering that
Need me a nigga who's not all about spending his money on me but is willing 2spend time....
At New Heights restaurant tp
I DID know that!
when do you perform
46 days until the BIG event!!! www.LeadTampaBay.com
Hi again...I know, my twitter etiquette response time is horrid! All fine here. Hope u r enjoying FL and the weather too!
Thanks for the follow!
The only thing that has more faces than you is ME.
lmao u know me so well
RT @ D6MERIT Just checkin in to see if anyone wants to play me in a game of Pokemon later.
Oscars or concert? Music it is!
I am here tomorrow. I'm all the way on the right, in the glow of the lights brighter than the sun
I just met someone at DrupalCon who lived in Honolulu and interviewed with Bob and Gary back the day! Its a small...sing it
Are any of our Capitol Hyundai Facebook fans planning on going to the Silicon Valley International Auto Show next week in San Jose?
its ok though cause i like school.
Got DMs. Share away, my friend! More it's shared, more its enjoyed & more shirts I sell.
Brenda Walsh ruined R.E.M for me.
MVP is generally right after the first round. The rest are just based on convenience, I think.
Melinda Gates "we are confused by our own conversation" - from her courageous talk on contraception
and it's a wrap! #health2con Big-Data Code-a-thon!
I agree.
Brooklyn Black Ops will be on shelves , albeit briefly, this Friday, 12/9. Check out Armanetti's feed for more details.
did we west our skirts
Im crying.
Get it ? Forget it
Article looks great! We're in SF, but not a huge deal. We like to make it easier for friends to get together EVERYWHERE!
You hijacked my heart and programmed it to beat for you... you happy you selfish asshole?
i hope you are proud of yourself. you're the real winner here. you BELONG in the music industry; you own it. i love you.
I did, when I saw that. Lol
See y'all in kansas.
Think I just got my groove back.
Hey everyone follow Pastor Great pastor in Kentucky! Gloryland Harvest Church - God bless pastor
It's another #WienerWednesday at Sonny's Tavern. Vegan and beef dogs are only $2.50. It's also trivia night with DJ at 9:30pm.
I haven't gotten more than a solid hour. I better see your ass there!
Leaping out of bed cuz today is 1/2 off #easter candy!
are you a teacher? #dumbquestion?
Ha- totally agree.
all concerts for this week are cancelled
If only there was a way to pull texts back in after you hit 'send.' Hahaha... oops.
Good thing Shea isn't playing for #USMNT soon. Oh, wait.
Lets be real, you'd fall in love with a tree
Horrible, horrible. I am very sorry.
Milby has no dress code next year ?
A very Happy Mothers Day to all!
An indication of how scary the #Yankees lineup is - among all #mlb teams It ranks nxt to last in intentional walks received.
lol RT “: Dear Sneeze, if you're gonna happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.”
and I thought I'd heard it all...
"To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals." Benjamin Franklin. I love Ben's wisdom and joyful insights!
oh ok lol
Oh Golly.(; I love that movie<3
me too
That moment when Pinterest crashes and you'll never see what the next group of pins were.
#FREECLOONEY OH NO, a sexy man like him cannot be locked in prison, he's to beautiful!!!!
Not after a massive break up? No?
I needed some time to sleep, meet people, ride my bike an do laundry and working 8 shifts a week is not going to work.
we'll be there! RT Proud to Announce Game 2 Viewing Party at - Drink & Food Specials! Who's COMING!?
: Filmed my cover this weekend. Let you know when I'm going to post it :) I'm very excited
hahah! please follow and help me get them to 800 please ?!? <3
haha it was supposed to say "too". Like as well.
OMG, those pants!
I have learned that many libraries have renovated their Carnegie buildings and they are very proud of them.
PTL! RT If you don't know Him, I invite you to seek Him. He's alive, death has lost and Love has won. His name .... Jesus.
My new Legal Guide: San Diego, California Landlord-Tenant Guidance - Establishing the Landlord Tenant Relations...
I'm going to DM you!!
Thanks bro! RT : Loving what #terencevaughn, Nick McNack, and did on 's record.
No lie girl Ive gotten 3 tickets this month! But so want those shirts! I could pay end of this week!!
Much needed spring break is on the way lots of things to do so little time
Alexander McQueen Savage Beauty- stunning.
How are you feeling today Alex? I'm Super! Thanks for asking!
I'm doing what international Super Stars do - be fashionably late. New episode coming today - whenever I feel like it.
The man who wrote "Psycho" also wrote a ballet, an opera and the delicious clarinet quintet called "Souvenirs de Voyage" ... It's on now!...
yes, but not by choice. Those dang gnats fly into my eyes, nose, mouth. I take it you are getting your fair share?
So... I'm on twitter. All thanks to ... if they can get THIS GIRL on twitter, what can't they do?!
who said anything about my therapist being a doctor?
is having a simple day with my boyfriend on the beach with cheese pretzels that much to ask? wahhhhh
WI regional ED leaders will talk about EG tonight with WI Entrepreneurs Network
What do #GWU kids do while they're in the hospital? Apply for internships.
Can't wait until we get to work with !!! Thanks again for the opportunity!
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Happy Birthday LEAPYEAR babies! Youre the youngest people on the planet and have saved your parents and families a bundle on birthday gifts!
RT : Live your life so that by some little thing you will improve our world just by living. --Joe Paterno 1973 PSU Commencement
What conference are you at and who wants to report on it for LJ? (Assuming my boss says yes.)
Thanks for the #ff! We return it on a Saturday.
What state are you guys in?
Tell us: If You could fix any problem in our world today, what would it be? We want to RT what you feel are the greatest needs!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great and busy weekend! We still have availability for this Thurs. night so call now to book!
- cutting the grass wyd ?
You'll always be the most unique person in the world because there will only ever be one you. Hope you have a good week.
Same Damn Time
The Fray+National Anthem=Terrible
lol u tell me :) haha where u at
At the school carnival wit my friends not all claw but ima try to have fun LOL party time lmaoo
check out some of my music lemme kno what you think
u welcome :)
Make a wish and say i hope you come true 1,2,3,4 soon as you walk through the door counting 5,6,7,8,9 one million thoughts quick hit my mind
thx for the support and see you guys next week!
Is looking forward to attending #ASHE11 in Charlotte for Hopkins.
Way to compete! RT : How bout 'dem Hawks & !!!
I don't even know who Begal is, so I'll defer. But I do know Baggot is terible.
Exactly, but they called Jagr a traitor, said he should be removed from the Pens record books and banners
all the dang time
last summer night :) its bittersweet
sorry baby cuz, it will get better. xoxo
Going to the game with the wife
Yes. The church just south of Chickasaw, on the east side of Perkins. Found in the attic.
My step mom does this all the time. She goes drinking at night and skips work the next day 'cause she's having a hangover.
So happy i gotta twitter pg now... Im tired of FONKBOOK... Yaaaaaaayyyyyyy
i really want to grill something.
Huge funny this weekend at the Dog! Fri: Thunderlips For The Holidays! Sat: This Improvised Life! Shows 9pm Cost $8
GE,Wall St, have everything to gain from a Republican winner in 2012. GE owns MSNBC. MSNBC is dividing progressives 4 corporate advantage.
Good Morning Justin, Happy Mothers Day to your mom hope you two and the whole Bieber family have a great day
has a sexy JB Icon :-)
Dear wheel of fortune game, don't limit me to 7 turns and then make me land on the bankrupt 6 of those 7 turns. thanks.
RSVP N/Ph/E to: Come April18at814pEst Live-Web-Demo EZMarketing Tool Featurin Video Emails & Hot EZMobile Marketing!
Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes after Blue Ray? I don't want to have to restart my collection...again.
in DC
consider it done
it's weird when ur talking about something and someone's like "I know what it's like"... u cant ever experience something the EXACT same way
You r not a failure until u start blaming everyone else around u!!!!!!!!
And so begins the war on 3 fronts! RT : FLASH: Obama has approved use of armed drones in Libya, missions are starting
Study finds 4 oral bacteria in atherosclerotic plaque as passing from mouth to the blood stream & affecting heart health. www.closys.com
Can't believe Ringer and Secret Circle were cancelled.
It's almost here!
And it was really good cake too.
I had something extremely important to say......
I kind of miss him already;
Count me in!
Chocolate shake before work? Sounds like a plan.
What artist would you love to see live?
Look at y'all.
-----> RT : Girls w/ small B-cups & big butts who don't wear bra's, I love y'all.
If they snag you, make it a publicity stunt -"Rochester cupcake legend feeds the masses at the airport, because TSA stinks"
I feel for D-Rose
Good Morning.. How about dem PACKERS! :)
If you say Yes to what is, you become a magnet for possibility.
After having one of the worst days ever,I spend some much needed time with my family <3
good luck!
happy birthday to my favorite amazing junior gymnast :)
I hear there were cookies.
CMU students arguing about the quality of gourmet cupcakes. Yep. That happened.
FOODS THAT HEAL: Food of the month: teff: Eating foods that are high in fibre, like teff, will help maintain proper bowel health and ...
the first tremont scoops visit of the year, and I missed it. :'(
Sure, no problem :)
Shirley Manson interview: Breaking up the garbage girl - The Guardian
real good. Won all my matches today.
Strand Events Today: Dinner and a Movie - Grease Dinner starts 6:30pm Movie at 8:15pm - FREE popcorn
luck, I'm jealous log up your thinking
Im so pumped for the Dani DaOrtiz lecture. If you don't know who he is then YouTube him. Pimp!
asks is #mobilebanking enough? what are the responsibilities?
Vogue !!!! Love her scent and the wrap dress. BTW, I met the founders of Benefit at the Rome, Italy Sephora today!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :) 11
how is it/she?
RT : Congrats ! RT : PBWA gives #Bucks the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above & beyond.
Great night tonight with and :) can't wait til Tuesday:)
Rockin' the snow storm in my Birthday #Sorels thanks to Ali and !
hmm, not much beer in my fridge that is less than 9%.
Do more than is needed. The extra mile that you walk makes all the variation.
Congrats on finish! Registered to run #chimarathon but battling injury
I really like this quote it makes sence.
can't I work tomorrow.
you chicks better bring ur butts out tonight. Lets paint the #capcity "blue" tonight! :)
Does your staff promote ebooks? Encourage them to! Patrons need to know abt ALL services.
For some post-Insquared hanging out tonight with & join us after 7 at
Hahahahahaha I saw the claymore, backed up, started shooting at it & at the same time suddenly cesar walked in & it exploded xD final kill
Can you buy a #MegaMillions lotto ticket any where in Arizona?
How nice. Guess I need to change the password
Like our page Lovely Hair LLC
RT : OKC not fucking around though. They about to get their King Joffrey on.
Lol @ my professor shitting on this guy's attempt at small talk.
I can show u around with p diddy
You can't keep running from things that you fear or things tht bother you
she said Niall's ugly. okay, brb. i need to sharpen my knife.
how is it? What system ya on? Working through bioshock 2 right now, myself :]
#Subways Chipotle Chicken on flatbread with extra Southwest Sauce is like crack.
Save the money FOR an Ipod!
We'd like to give the opportunity to redeem the table she won last week but wasnt able to attend. If not we'll pick another!
My head is hurting :/
good luck
so true aniqa!
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
An OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow for the Front Range region.
Money ball would have been so much better if Hoffman, during his role as the manager, used Capotes voice
Today's Soup Is Moroccan Lentil-Vegetarian, Dairy Free & Gluten Free Goodness. Now check out the rest of our lunch menu...
Big props to #SportingKC for playing "Sabotage" before tonight's match!
no one cares Kyle....
I wish these kids would stop spelling words with z at the end..you are NOT tupac......bad dog...
BIG OLE BUCKETFULLS OF REGRET.
I def wanna delete this but dnt kno how
lmao at least he likes his Sagittarius's we got hope!! L
Just got HBO simply for game of thrones
The city has a demolition order for 3851 Kevin (Behind Staples on 38th Street). Structure was built and now has storm damage.
If I were David Stern #nbalockout #nba #nfl #football #nbapa #nflpa www.weeklylineup.net
One of THOSE days! Down sick, little guy is cranky & everything I have he wants, including my glass of milk. 4-year-olds!
The robots in this car assembly line move with lifelike precision and fluidity - could have been programmed by Pixar!
... why the hell do i have a twitter -___-
Demo is recorded. Waiting for edits and finished product.
Freedom is found only when people know the truth, so honesty with yourself and others is the only way to liberation.
"Oracle is reviewing the Sun roadmap and will provide guidance to customers in accordance with its standard product communication policies."
Making sketches for the holiday card extravaganza. Thus far my "star" designs look like starfish - not quite right I fear....
Stephen Coletti is so fucking hot, gosh why can't I marry him I've had a crush for years,
it was a total Rick Perry "oops" moment!
not a problem! Let us know if something comes up!
went to world of coke,
Wow, the kid just gave an explanation of the irrationality of women that was as good as any one I've heard
Baking them! 1st rise was unimpressive. RT : dunno but I'd still bake them. Did they do well for the first rise?
When the head aches, all the body is the worse. ~English Proverb
So, getting tattoos hurts like a bitch.
no I didn't! You never told me when!
pretty pleasee follow its means alottt
#PoeticJustice is a great movie for social commentary on the plights that occur in Black Love. Tupac's performance was underrated.
We've all been there, it happens! “: Got my first kind of bad grade on a paper, ever. Bummed out. #libraryschool”
Although I do love Will Ferrel and was joygasming when heard about Anchorman 2....which BETTER be good or I'll cry. =(
Seriously. Watch the video.
T4 - people hate marketing when the "feel" marketed towards.
Saturday, April 14, 2012, it'll be end of the losing streak. Join us at the to witness this moment.
wow is the coolest person we know.
I found you more inscriptions yesterday! See you soon!
yeah Jesse it looks sickk as fuckk
The other day I got banned from laser tag. Apparently you can't use your knife to save ammo.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3ß009
"Sometimes there just arent enough rocks"...
Does anybody else think this guy is handsome ---> ?
sweet!!! Can't wait to get mine! See you sat..
interesting! I want to know more :)
truth. is a solid addition. I'll see what I can do...
..and a bag of peanuts.
Thank you for the wonderful cupcakes, we enjoyed them!
Yes! MT : #DearG8, #Malnutrition btwn pregnancy & 2nd bday steers a life. Support nutrition=better health,education,economies.
I hate whn its concerts on rock quarry
We had three of the 20 most viewed posts on last week. Thanks for reading!
#MFFL Time to get loud!! have fun tonight bro
best poster ever made
Thanks for the info on tonight's Experience at Art Hop. #TheAvengers are great, but #WMU has its own comicbook superheroes.
#4496 haha I also use that number when I enter a numbergame :P aww! you're so pretty! <3___<3
You call it boring, I call you unsophisticated and impatient. A tradition like no other...
thought it would be a closer series
Why are you everybody's bitch? Lmao.
you have no idea how often kate and i talk about this. should make the switch now, esp now that our main antagonist is gone
Lamborghini mercy, you chick, she so thirsty
Huh imagine that saw #cowboy owner jerry jones on camera u dont see that very often
when your sitting there & your friend goes to the bathroom so you just look around the room like a lost puppy. #ShitJustGotAwkward .
Ask Jamie Dimon if he deserves to be paid $20 million a year.
Bon voyage tweeps. Off to San Jose,CA! ...imagine pomp and circumstance in the background : )
damn. I'm already back in Youngstown. Any chance will be going? Maybe I'll drive down then
A real email from a nun: "HELLO- WOULD HAVE TO BE AFTER AUGUST- SUMMER VERY FULL AND NOT QUIET DUE TO HAYING AND OTHJER WORKS-BLESSINGS, MH"
You're either in the dough or in the hole
bro are you working right now?
Do you know anyone in Argentina?
Why does my butt look bigger today?
“ " - freak out factor was my Term
yeah the GE/Bud ad still didn't do a ton for me even on full volume. Trying too hard to be American/blue collar maybe?
sucks lol I'm obsessed with her
Tonight! Picoso at The Eastside. Cheap beer and dancing for St. Patty's Day fun.
he has defense now?
Watched New Years Eve<3 it was adorable(:
Following the #tdf on Twitter while learning Python at Google.
Getting things together for show week with "Rite" premieres Friday
great meeting you today!
Tim #Tebow is just precious. If he thought Florida was bad, the women of NYC will throw themselves at him relentlessly.
good luck!
Lastly #IThankGod for his son #JesusCrist for being my savior. Amen!⛪🙏👼❤
OH KAY SEE!
But Happy St. Patricks Day to all you assholes that are already celebrating! 
My whole attitude is about to change ...just watch lol
Anyone in Amsterdam? Might be stuck here for a few days...
Let us know about your next gig to pass the word, U have a bliss for what you do, we'll be there when you are ready. good luck
Earth Day is Sunday, April 22! All week we'll by sending tips via twitter to get you in the spirit!
Come and get your gyros we're open till 3AM!!!
I wonder if is offline and I'm just talking to myself.
I did not even think of that. to to funny.
I'm good to :b
Web as platform and harnessing collective intelligence.
Wear your pajama's to work day! As a society we'll do anything to make up something to talk about. Generations 1023 explains sleep attire
Just realized who this is lbs! imy boo
right now, today...who would you want on your team: Randy Moss or Terrell Owens???
Court docs detail case against former Doernbecher nurse charged w/ child porn. 100's images-kids including infants. Officials:no patients
- iwanna choke this lil girl man . /:
Everyone saying that fame has gotten to .. what...
Taylor Swift Or Miley Cyrus?? Vote sexy people.
You ever feel like a tv show is part of your family? Entourage thanks for the memories!
Guess I better stick my head out of the door and see that! Thanks Pauley for sharing, been working too hard, time to take a break!
Best new classified ad site
Hey aren't you supposed to be working out to get ready for the season? Remember we are shooting for 50 save.
Her love her some snooky
Tick tock tick tock. The sound every reporter dreads. Especially when your story isn't coming through....
Sometimes going back to the drawing board is the way to go stay blessed !!!
your foursquare tweet had me cracking up. You're crazy. Hilarious, but crazy.
If you call Sharon she will probably let Doke come play with you. I got to see him twice yesterday
Great show in Indy tonight & it was great to meet you after the show!
#ff love all around!
2 tires are the way to go today
I'm going to watch 'America's Got Talent' because I really feel this is the season in which someone will be killed.
Which district do you live in?
Nature is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere. ― Blaise Pascal
Let's do math, dinner in3 hrs leaving ny now, 7 hrs to Pittsburgh...after 35 hrs of packing & a gallon of kombucha will I still get turkey?
I don't know. Free accounts who think they should have the services of a $800 a month dedicated customer.
Yesterday=most beautiful day you could ask for. Today=snowing.
how about a RT for the #LASERSHOWMUDDYCHICKEN!
#Rangers power play is cooking tonight
Thanks for the follow:)
