I'm always amazed at how empty DC streets are at 9:00 pm. Don't people do stuff (or like me) work long hours?
You're 19, he's 30 and has a 4&6 year old, GROSS
lol well mine isn't mainly for HipHop. The boyz can do some ballet and jazz though! Hahah
STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I really dont wanna go to school tomorrow
RT : This is championship level defense. It's 8th seed level offense, but still... that D....
Wtf I went to wango tango last year and it wasn't even that popular, like nobody knew what is was. And now like everyone wants to be there.
The Champ remake in 1979 was originally intended for Ryan & Griffin O'Neal.
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Brain Clay Should Get Life
If he did wud he talk about his matchup zone, or his patient hard to guard offense? Lol. Doesn't matter, he'll never hav it lol
All the people I know do. In fact they "like" on FB. Crazy? Yes.
Well foods ready... In laws don't like to eat late... Don't won't 2 b rude, but I'm watching the game...
RT : From average price of gas 10 years ago today $1.16
sorry bro - eat a garlic clove before bed - always helps me
If you have a problem with Sidney, it's your own fault.
Ticket Oak freaks me out
boy it's a good one, Money Making Floyd got this one from the looks of it
na hell...u like booty clubs lmao
Lots of Spring Break visitors here today for Titanic and Samurai exhibits Museum.
I'm bout to listen right now
i try..... but it's never good enough?
Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail!! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you!
Somebody has got to need a professional photographer for Google iO, ..right?
thx for the follow! Will check out your site!
$80.00 for 60 min swedish massages today! Come in and get ready for your weekend. Happy Friday :)
ON SALE NOW -- Rodrigo Y Gabriela & C.U.B.A (4/25) and Brian Regan (5/18)! Tickets are now available at bit.ly/zxEQsv
Tonight We are young So let’s set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
Looking forward to talking on the show
Community! Both are great though.
she's so cute lol
It takes a while for that show to move beyond Eliza is HOT...but it gets there...ish
how about be around 15 and maybe, just maybe, TRY to get double digit wins.
Guess who's back? :)
I don't have an iPhone (or Android)
Did I ever show you my interview article with Snow Patrol from the Final Straw tour?
yes. B&O looks appealing!
Had a awful morning
I wish we could get* some of these chivas fans to come to skc games...
You are everyone's rock. But I am here whenever you feel you need me. Bring on Marine week! ;)
the yammer session was great. I have a lot to share.
I think I have ear cancer :/
enjoy - you deserve it!
Thank you! - Twitter Analytics: Techsoup has been using and lately
I bet North Carolina doesn't support Wizard-Muggle marriages either.
RT : Portland, beware: $2 for 4 Voodoo Doughnuts got us bewitched, especially the one with Google-themed frosting...
Not when alone!!!
Just got my Film Independent screeners. Ameerka, The Vicious Kind, The Messenger, and Easier w/ Practice. What should I watch first?
The Hard Rock Style Lounge at Hollywood/Highland was incredible. Team Shangri-LA Luxury put together an impressive event.
National Weather Service plans series of radar upgrades across Minnesota. How it will keep you safer on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
Expected large contingent of Murray State fans in Louisville. If they win & advances, will certainly be home game for Murray.
“: About 4 million people in the world were born on a Leap Day (February 29th).”
Upswing RT : RT : Nightmare scenario for GOP: nominating Romney just as his sole message looks to be evaporating.
"The guitar is a wonderful instrument which is understood by few"
#WhyDoPeopleThink they can do hurtful things and get away with it? You can't hide from karma, she plays a good game of hide and seek.
Personal contact and referral. Some action on facebook...some on the VO sites. It's all about responses!
I c u
Lunch Special! Double stacked Cheese Burger, side of Fries, and Coleslaw.
Yuck, your name has become a top choice in my auto-correct. Rat bastard.
Prom Night for Guys: Fitting and Haircut...Prom Night for Girls: Fitting ,Hairdo,Makeup,Manicure,Pedicure ,Eyebrows,Wax,Jewelry etc...
Thanks or stopping by the JPL today..
I got tickets to the america vs chivas game!!!
Can't wait on way to #MMI with
Thanks new Achieve Beyond pediatric therapy followers
See you tonight! I've always wanted to see you perform. :)
Haha! I'll be sure to relay your review to them whenever we eventually bump into each other in the hallway.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Wheldon Family!
Just made the easiest $200 of my life
don't hate. You only have more followers because more people like you.
watching it now, pretty crazy stuff
Australian 😊 “: what's your accent?”
my sister left her tumblr signed in and all she has is Harry Styles and One Direction on her dashboard...
Yep, I am the chief dishwasher at the office RT : Startup CEO advice (one in a series): Janitorial - learn it, live it, LOVE IT!
Sacramento sends love too. RT : Hoping all & RMHFtWorth are safe. Heard about the
Shagging balls at a soccer game <<<<<<<
answer your phone
Why are people so sensitive nowa days
Holy traffic. Oh well at least im crusin next to the beach
GM been up since the crack of dawn. Bout ready to throw down on some breakfast.
This time I'm going to be selfish ...
Get rid of hierarchies; put marketing in the middle of org chart.
Well I was being sarcastic with my last tweet. But if we're being serious, let's not worry about 1 game, however long it was.
At Joes Crab Shack then to the Miranda Lambert concert<333
Looking forward to how will be executed and received. Congrats !
I'm gona go with snake skin.. Wuz up Snoop? Long time fan & long time luvr lol.. Jus wana show sum luv xo
text me
Did someone say presents?
Former #Badger goalie Brian Elliott comes in for an injured Halak and shuts out the #Sharks. He's good, real good
Y'all some followers.
Happy Veteran's Day! Huge thanks to all the military for your service and sacrifice!
ever been to a tenn game? no one plays their fight song as much as tenn!!
I'm gonna have the sickest profile picture after formal this weekend
we interviewed yesterday for Mavs.com and #Unbreakable is on point! Def on my Christmas list now!
#FitTip The key to shredding pounds is to increase your workout intensity, revs your metabolism causing the after burn effect
Burger king now has the credit card swipe machine outside the drive thru window. Hmm, interesting.
any good advice for movies not skipping from Netflix on the Sony Blue Ray/DVD player hooked up wirelessly to Comcast? Please RT.
hey girl, good to hear from you. I make it mine, do it my way. Bring something to the table. Cliche, maybe, but the truth
you a force
Livin the college life.
Just called the Batline. Batman didn't answer - how disappointing. Austin's foul weather means they might not take flight tonight. :(
Decked the halls while sipping Mexican hot chocolate and listening to carols. Now to start on this year's #Christmas story.
Go follow the for all the updates on Milwaukee's Arena Football Team
already know!
NewsHour isn't local. Now what? Help a brother out.
: We had our vow renewal ceremony there! It was LOVELY. You working with Katie?
already follow :)
the morning of #pubcampBOS, we'll gather to propose and schedule events (on a "board") for the day.
Don't you have those galaxy foamposites? Rock those!
in the past 1/2 hr the bar I'm at (rated 1 of the top beer bars in the country) put on the soundtrack from The Wedding Singer
Nope but ask around. : you're welcome. Hey any rec's on a whiskey place in Austin or San Antonio ?”
A remote show sounds like a good idea to me. Make it happen, Drew!
Gess what my phone backround is and win a shoutout and a follow:)
Too lazy to go to school .. π___π
Got the #Verzionwirless #Galaxy #Nexus this morning. So far really nice
I almost laughed out loud haha. He is old but he's a cool guy!
Yes, totally normal.
doesn't know what to say anymore.
Newark? The gloom kind of gives it away.
Touche!!! I've been away too long? Most of the time I'm usually running *away* from roaches.
DC. I love you. Did the full tourist thing today. Everytime I visit I get a little closer to moving here.
I like being on the radio. #happy this is my
WHO HAS MY IPOD?
Thinking about you .. you have been in my thoughts and prayers... hope G is doing better...
Bored, just got my laptop fixed, need more followers. Show some love and I'll do the same
Lon Safko is giving us some great ideas on enhancing our social media methods! If you missed it, download the podcast!
your out already?!?
thanks. must have been filtered by the university where I work, because I was able to access it on my phone, no problem.
new album by is fantastic. can't wait to see them
should have let me kn0w!!!
while dual monitors are pretty cool, i honestly don't really need them.
Moses, thanks for following!
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net --our summer tour of "Avanti" is going to be exciting! Some big news to announce very soon :)
Just dropped my keys down the elevator shaft at work. Good start to the day, right?
art flow!
just adjust the headband. It might be too tight. ;)
sucks to suck ☔⚡☁
I will, definitely. Are you still around?
Sanders played monster D last night at the BC. He was fearless in the paint!
Its over, no, .3 to go
Badgers drop out of the Top 25 during the Bo Ryan era. That hasn't happened since.....ah....has it ever?!!
God finally saw a Madea movie, had enough. RT: Firefighters battle 4 alarm blaze at Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta;no report of injuries
My whole life is a level 2 class.
Answer: "I woke up on the floor surrounded by Taco Bell wrappers and porn playing on loop." Question: "How drunk did you get last night?"
Sitting In class with Madison Sandridge , Kaylee Freeman , Austin Morris , Shelby Bowman and Rachel Cross
LOLL this made me laugh so hard.
So so true!RT : No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
Has the Gate City/George Mason girls game started?
Yama Yoga has "two fantastic light filled studios and a great vibe" -yelp reviewer. Get 50% off beginniners yoga on www.crowdclick.com
Happy Birthday from me & ur buggo's
We get out if school on May 8
Excited to speak to today at Balboa Park!
Welcome to the 505! Email if U need anything
If you respect yourself , you wouldn't have to lie about it :)
Aw feel better!(:
When people make decisions about how much to give, they are influenced by how much others are giving.
I told to tell you hi for me. I just wanted to make sure he remembered!
forehead kisses are the BEST!
you too, Brent! yes, let's do it up White Center style very soon!
Jessica A. Schwartz F'11 of will speak on dissertation research. #ACLS2012. (4/4)
I have. LOL Time to hit the hay. 5:30 comes early.
Its amazing i get to meet you
LOL at the guy who created Instagram! 
I didn't say no, it's just that I might not be going.
Hope is always there to offer comfort, even in the toughest moments.
Happy birthday to the "pied piper" of elite players to come to St. John's in this era, !!!
Ohh. Freaky. RT are we sure Tim Burton isn't just sober Johnny Depp?
still here, never left. pissing off tweeps by breaking cardinal sin of taking my phone out during a movie.
why ignore medical marijuana questions?
ooh, no I missed that!!! Will check it out! :)
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
Nook 101: Barnes and Noble provides Nook classes! Check your local B&N for details.
thanks for RT.
Yes, that would be cool. One of them should glow in the dark, just because. xD
Chaperoning this morning for Annie's 4th grade class field trip to the Corvette assembly plant. How cool is that?
RT if you remember "I wanna be so good of a dancer that...that I'll shut the club down"
you mean #swingEttaMiss!!
I can't wait to leave work and head to Miller Park. A Brewers win would be the nice end to a long, long day :)
check my song out I'm a weirdo out on YouTube limmit52
Tom looks the best he has in years.
Making final touches on my #PromoYou presentation 4 - I must say, I love #Twitter, it's the wild-west of
Did you know GWBush ordered CIA to shut down ops to locate Bin Laden in 2006 ? #Inconvenient FACT for the Lying Reich Wing
Have u noticed the hysteria over gas prices is accelerating big oils push for fracking?
if I get done in time I'm downs with that.
A1. LinkedIn is the magazine ad to get people to ask to see your brochure (resume). The interview is the sales pitch for the TV.
How is your writing coming along?
lol well it seemed like it was u! but she is kinda pathetic now lol
Wearing one of my Sunday Funday shirts all day today as motivation to remind myself what I am capable of creating.
Oh this is gonna be fun... Subway is busy, and I'm in a shit mood. People are gonnaa hate me.
I'm only trying to be your friend!! YOU make it impossible, Why do ya even hate me anyway?!?!
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day! Shop with us at #Paradise Valley Mall!
Toot toot (Lemme hear that beep beep!)!!!
Slippery balls are going to be the architects of our sorrow!!
Once again I'm faced with a bunch of obstacles, this time around, fuck it I done cried them two tears in a bucket...
I have to turn into the Terminator to make him leave work.."LEAVE NOW or I will destroy you" *robot voice
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with DUPLICATE MeCP2 mostly have autism and deteriorate till death by about 20 years of age.
That's what I'm worried about. Morally, it's all good. Mathematically, I'm not sure.
no we trying to see if anybody else trying to go so we can all be seated together....were is it gone be at
see i told ya! :P
haha I'm out here making things happen! When you graduate??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
RT : Robert Siegel's first words when I started as an intern in 1999: "Radio sentences should be short." Great advice!
Make it nasty
#thingsineedinmylife Someone who drops everything n says baby I will be right there, in response to I'm going back to the hospital
Sending you wishes for a wonderful new year. I'm enjoying your tweets!
Football will always be my favorite sport, but it's funny, these days I can name the #KyDerby post positions & not the Raiders draft picks.
it's due on Friday
"Your CREATIVITY will add meaningful content for human socialization and productivity!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
To be connected from MySpace of the table of images contact tables for MySpace of drawing regards Friendster Xanga or to b :-)
We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it.
of effort in your video. it was AMAZING! but the person who made the video chosen for NY put in effort as well. i understand
This looks like the Washington team that lost to Oregon by 20. Not much confidence in the Huskies to turn it around
RT : My father's petition 4 release was denied by NY parole board yesterday. I feel tired/scared/angry but never giving up ...
.login form .input next to .login input. I don't even know anymore.
Whatever happened to 's late night horoscope tweets though? Always a nice way of saying "GO TO BED, YOU LONELY LOSER"
RT : Yahoo sues Facebook over patents in N. Calif. federal court. Story on coming soon.
at #WonderCon this weekend! hoping I might meet at the panel tomorrow!
Happy hellos to , , RAM publications, Worldwide Books and many other friends exhibiting
Give us the scoop, Sarah, at and we'll give you some props! Congrats on the new gig at Tallahassee Museum!
Roger Federer is so going to weep Jo Wilfried Tsonga ass, Roger has waited for this revenge for a long time
ha! awesome. Maybe 's next album cover?
Tough to beat C-ville in October. U.Va. Homecomings is this weekend. Just sayin'.
If you see the ladies of just randomly hug them. They say they don't like it but they do. Even if they squirm. LOL!
ah! 90 more tweets! and its....the 27 of december....wow...i should catch up..
Can you follow me?
We've got fresh, flavorful wings and Monster energy drinks waiting for you! Call 442-4242 and order now!
It's never to late!
U’ve tried 2 rock a celeb look & after 1 visit 2 the salon ur hair looks like a mess. Why is ur hair not quite just as hot? Stay tuned!
What type of music gets you moving when you run? We are working on our next event playlist and we want to know what you want to hear!
I wont accept second thats simply unacceptable
I like a store where you can pay your light bill, buy a 40, "cash a check," & buy single cigs. ...It's all about convenience.
#FacebookNeedsToAdd the disclaimer to bitches profiles 'I'm borderline psycho and will kill and cook your pet'
I'm reluctant about calling a 7-game playoff series over after Game 1 ... especially if we're talking about the
Off to my dance show! Wish me luck?
Decided against patronizing a business because they used Homestead to create their site.
the homie said he had did a ratchet hook recently but I bet its not more ratchet than wht & I wrote 4 Jeremih
iMM LiVE iT HOW iTALK iT
SYRACUSE, NY - SAMMIE WILL BE IN THE CITY (((APRIL 21)))
To nap or not to nap..?
do tell.
what kind of dog is that? it's adorable!
Lunch time = Pizza time.
Cementing your brand in Hollywood on Sunset Strip.
thank you baby and I like you .. 😍
i may not always tweet. but when i do, im
yep it is... But not what I use...I've got a rode mt-1a & groove tubes gt50
lmao i donnnttt think we can fish there! but its worth a shot right?!? hha
Whoop whoop just have to survive until sat RT: It's Monday and officially 's birthday week!!!!! Yeeee
fyi all therapists were booked this week so this has to do.
He said "if you plan on wearing your hair curly in future just don't work anymore"
Awww...Thanx Mama Alex! Miss u!!! XoXo. Lunch soon?!?!
Looks like Corey Hart is starting another hot streak this weekend.
That's why I sprang for the full passport. Sorry you're not in Canada.
he's a she!
What are the best email marketing software systems that include a auto responder and shopping cart features?
“: - I will be there next month. See you next month for another great event.”-me too! Bring friends!
Hell Yeah Buckeyes! Final 4 bound!
Hahaha yes RT: I get really angry when people wear flip flops on House Hunters. You're on TV. Get your shit together.
We can't all be heroes because someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
Damn my guy what's the deal
bought it yesterday...on page 202 today....
- thanks for the mention of Backyard Campout on your blog! Hope you and your kids have a fantastic time.
Looking back, I realize I saw a lot more than I should have as a kid.
What pizza describes you best?
I think is not even a isue if we now n love God we will talk to every one the way God will talk to us cause we want to be like God notbegod
Holy heck. Just watched and, wow...
You have to learn from the people who don't learn!
I just sent a help request but I need help FAST. Do you have any other means of support?
Haha! Those Mex. restaurants are responsible for my need to buy a miracle suit for swimming! Lol!
Sounds good to me.
Also: if a vegetarian chef makes it past 1st round, double bonus.
Just burned some sage in my apartment. It smells like soapy weed.
my ignorance is bliss..
wuz up bro long time no talk
OH HEY THERE.
Saw THG again. That movie will never get old :)
Send me a DM with the roku serial number and I'll make sure it can get the update
for those kids that need to use the neighborhood library to access a computer, the cloud evens the playing field.
The world sees you as you appear to be; God sees you as you really are..He sees your heart & He understands your intentions.
I talked to Kevin durant and he said "a sweep was in order"...I agree
they declined your apology didn't they?
really miss my brother.
RT : God is so good .
I thought I was broke, now I know I am. --- Paying bills
My daughter graduates from pre-school today!
hey! Hw r u!? Yea, I wish he could draw me up some too, oh how it is to be a kid and dream big lol
I wish I still played soccer. I wish I was still in high school playing soccer
Happy Birthday Sir Elton, one of the greatest performers in the world!
I miss you.
Point blank is much better then tebow at qb!!! Get off your man crush
haha! Ugh, it's going to take a miracle for me to make any sort of comeback. My team=Cubs of the league.
thank you
While it's true YOLO but do you really want to waste the ONE life you have with an STD?
Thank you!
glad he finally found out
i already have the duct tape, flavored lube, sex toys, and all 8 seasons of desperate house wives. lets get to work.
Father, I am called to be your child. Today I will look closely at the quality of the faith you have given me and marvel. What a miracle!
RT : Teaching proper eating habits and providing time for exercise works wonders on a child's potential to excel -...
I like to eat pasta that isn't cooked. So yummy and crunchy. M
Writing sesson about to commence... finally!
I honestly love so much.
Looking forward to meeting you & all the other interns this summer!
Staples Center's about to get crazy in a couple hours. Going to Clippers/Grizzles Game 3! Then watching Mayweather/Cotto later!
We are taking a quick break. Pause for the cause.
Masters Minute: Monte Carlo, April 20 Friday's Play (1) Djokovic d. Haase, 6-4, 6-2 —Dig beneath the surface of this routine scoreline
Had a great dinner now gonna find something to do!
what do you need?
RT : everyone can't be like u and never sleep// But i do sleep tho!
I love that Sergio's NBA profile picture, linked from the Sacremento Kings Web site, still has him in his Blazer jersey.
I'm on my grown woman and I need the match!
Thanks 4 the follow
lol thanks love . I have to go goodnight .
Standard. Running UB Mill (and it's pretty slow-- eek!).
I can't exactly explain why, but I think this is the best thing I've ever read on Twitter : )
She is one in a million girls...
after you.” “I am willing to redeem it,” he replied. 5Boaz continued, “When you acquire the property from Naomi b-and from Ruth
I guess I'm just use to my southern women who takes it slow and not all fast acting as these booshie.
Lmbo!! That is so true, the malls are whack!
Marathons are fuuckking HARD! No Sub 4. But 40 minute PR.
The party starts tonight with And maybe Gonna be a great weekend.
Have you bought your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope" tickets yet? Don't wait too long! This event is going to sell out.
Regardless, I'm w/ you, just saying he was basically same hitter all yr. That was impressive. PT, D hurt in '12, as you said.
Yes ma'ma!
I finished everything BUT my essay -_____-
my ass
Be one of the 1st in a new snack company! Free to enroll, whole foods type snacks! Delivered to your door! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Gotta go for low hanging fruit...NoFo!
In love!
I chose to watch the wrong Heat game. -.- First shot in and Lee is already on the floor. -_-
Legal document server, Sacramento, CA. Call 916-509-0677
GM! Thanks for the follow
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch That my skeet can shoot up to 6inches......I measured it.
I spent the morning taking more photos to fill ina few holes, hope to fill in missing text ASAP
Akinade: Africa is lagging behind...and I'm not happy about this.
. Thanks very much. Great Novel Writing Conference this weekend by Clearly many great books in the works!
thanks lol. I would have stressed all day trying to figure it out. Now ima download it haha
Mike said the same thing ;)
Test kitchen last night I experimented making a foccacia bread. Fam loved it but I'm a perfectionist and will keep tweaking the recipe
Nothing worse than being on the bus next to a sick person
you bet!!
I also love Jerry Lee Lewis.
Healthcare-The Medicare Advantage Program was the test for socialized healthcare that failed! Stop Gov Reform Now www.theprofittrap.com
Dude you just f*cked up your Ferrari. Seriously, greatest Bay flick ever.
OH! THE PLACES YOU'LL GO! You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights!-Dr. Suess
yucky... kinda glad it's not me LOL
thanks for the follow! You are our new favorite follower. Which means nothing. We just like how u like the beach. Congrats!
Aha man. He living that life.
I wish I could do that before work. It's such a bummer that I am responsible.
but of course.
It's #humpday! Stop by any of our 8 San Diego locations to get your weekend tan ready.... 50% off instant tans today only!
Hummingbird, just let me dive, inside the broken ovals of your olive eyes
Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha
This is a very odd telecast, some parts are very good, others very awkward.
I work tonight too!I wish I could have met u when you came in, I told Brit I've been wanting to cause I'm into acting/modeling!
sent a dm to your old account damn it! Sorry, check it :-)
Sublime, or Janis Joplin? IT MATTERS.
Oh, Mr. Wonderful. He needs to be put in his place by someone, somewhere, somehow.
Had a great closing today's thanks to
It kind of smells like my grandmother...thinking about it turns me on.
That's hilarious and so true!
thank you for the follow sir!
Flyers stepped it up in the 3rd period, but you have to figure a weird bounce is going to decide it. Either way, amazing game. Go Flyers
On My Way Home <3
Hustlin' is my girlfriend, failure is my ex, i'm married to the money, but i'm fucking the hell outta success!!
If I'd known it would've done that & made up cough & sneeze, I would've never sprayed it :/ I hated myself that night -_-
with that spit on his beard
You don't care
happy mother's day to you Ashley. Being a mommy to animals is a mommy nevertheless <3 hugs.
I saw him in the online scheduler somewhere...
Happy Birthday to Michael Tuttle and Deol D'souza from all of us here at Dell University - Oklahoma!
so good. (garden state was also a fabulous movie and that's where i first heard the song!)
#SupportTheArts check out my Green man done my a local traveling artist
If you're 18 or older come play trivia with and me tonight at Oasis inside Minglewood Hall! Its at 10 pm and its free to play!
All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves.- Albert Camus
Thank you my friend!! Hope you have wonderful weekend plans ahead!!!
RT : Chargers officially retire No. 55
Dear it's OK to admit that moving the kick off up is a bad idea. You still have time to make it right by the beginning of the season.
WHY IS THIS GIRL SO UNBELIEVABLY AWKWARD?!?!
Happy birthday !!! We know the DJ
I am not at a dead end. I am reaching a new beginning.
Crimes against Ewen AND crimes against fashion!
like what is the surprise i am follow ing him and u but i can un follow u !! if u dont tell me !!!!!!!;0
Lmao!! I shouldn't have asked. You're a fuckin machine. Lol! I guess this 22 minutes on the treadmill won't cut it. Lol
Celebrate summer w/ live music, complimentary wine & appetizers. See live birds from the Raptor Center, take guided garden tours & more.
yeah , i think it's now obvious .
Wishful thinking my boy!
have a GREAT SWEET WEEKEND sweetheart! C: <3ILY's :3 aahaha
I love my friends <3 lol
I'm gonna marry someone who can come home to and relax with a beer :)
NFL en espanol no mi gusto!
I love the way you lie. <3 ... Just kidding. Next time you lie to me I'll throw a chair at your face.
you don't need even to hint, I'm with you in spirit. All of you deserve a better outcome xx
Having a good day! Tweet nee of you wanty to talk
Ovaries, I do not need you acting up when the whole upper part of my torso hates me, too.
June 29,Section 3,Row L #1DTOURUSA If you had to cast each other as characters in the movie mean girls who would each of you be?-Madison
Example: Judge: "So Mr. Davis, you need an extension of time, yet you spent your entire Tuesday quote 'funneling beers at the Marlins game?"
and that's why dogs are the best. They are full of love. (Mine sure is.)
Washington is really growing in me. Such a beautiful place a lots to see its nice to catch up with my amazing girls #FunAdventure ☺
SO FUCKING OVER the people in this house. I CANNOT fucking take it.
I don't mind paying for the phone itself b/c it can do so much but then to have to pay $120 a month for service too? No thax!
The right one will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
Quiet night soaking in tub ended when Night on Bald Mountain came on Pandora classical.
Confidence, confidence, confidence...need we say more?
Nope, you are correct. Sorry, hadn't updated the list...
Haha! He looks extra creepy
If you're a man in the NYC area who's daughter gave you an autographed Derek Jeter ball for Father's Day, You are having a miserable day.
I'd like to be positive about the whole thing, but she started a website called hello giggles and I just can't stand for that
makin me some coffee i need energy!
This vacation went by too fast!!! D":
I might have my kid fire someone today.
What do you expect from a SoCal boy... His mind has been forever skewed by the notion of fame...
I don't cheat. I got sick of being played. So now I play the game.
I love you too sister. Thank you. :)
Thanks! #wifilmfest is heating up. More original content coming. So, stay tuned. And keep those awesome tweets rolling!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: John Barleycorn - Pub (live updates)
Bros betwixt hoes is my policy.
What do you do?
well , had your hair done last nite so that gives u some cred
I know - Remind me to get you a copy of this awesome T&H book about signage and how to do it right. Pro tip: Germany.
Choose your allies wisely......it's a war outchea!!
what was the consensus? Branding on Pinterest; yea or nay?
yes exactly my point. they tend to hate on da stronger team but it only makes thm better
I understand that you "don't do the whole girlfriend thing" but it sucks not hearing from you.
Plaintiff's lawyers are job creators: I filed a suit last year and now 25 lawyers have been hired to defend it.
you're responsible for me FOLLOWING --->>> :)
Good Morning Friends. Enjoy your weekend!
Exactly. Putnam's "Bowling Alone" thesis predates MySpace, Livejournal, Blogger, and broadband connections.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
I only do live shots anymore my friend! You on Linkedin?
pick you should.
Ball don't lie.
P.A. is some how an acronym for bitch
6 I think
Check out Madison No Fear Dentistry booth at this weekend's event to get a great healthy smile :)
Watching Tom Green filling in for Ron Zappolo on #KDVR tonight. I've always thought he's a really under-rated anchor.
we will be seeing you guys real soon for some
Thirsty? Take your pick of craft brews:
s/o to u to my nig!
is loving Portland and the NCPH Conference! Thanks to and for a great panel
The Pens also had no defense or goaltending, so no they weren't.
Coming up May 6, 6-9pm -- First Friday event with live music from ! No cover, all ages welcome, more info soon!
FOUND HIM!!!
hahahah that's funny!
- I raise my hands N the Air from the heart of DC for RED TAILS this weekend!
Barnes and Noble is NOT letting people camp out before 6 or camp out Monday as it's considered a nuisance. -
♥_♥ One Direction Is So Sexy I Cant Even
Chey Is Way Happy In The Morning . Wish I Could Be Like That !
What are you thanking me for???
Happiness, I want it all.
alright... Let's do this!!
We've reached the fish taco portion of our day.
Hope you have the bestest birthday ever girlie(: best wishes to come<3
Go see the Chicago Symphony Orchestra: Malkki Conducts Strauss tomorrow in style! Use Mr. Chauffeur's affordable limo service! 630-363-9027
I am so ready for summer!! :) Bring on the sunshine, and the beach!
Yes! RT : Always thankful to be back in Chicago.
PRETTY GIRL PRINCESS,NO YOU DONT KNOW ME,
RT : Flowers...are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world. - Ralph Waldo (cont)...
are you on a state-wide DMV tour?
I'm so pumped up for s wedding!
just played a tune over skype with a friend in new jersey.
Being single = less drama, but lonely. Being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. The choice is yours.
ok it's a late reply. Read the Screw Letter Tapes. I love the way he constructs the dialog.
“Hard work spotlights the character of people; some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don’t turn up at all.”
Watch out for the creepers
Bout to be up all night
Want my hair twist
thanks! See you tonight
Thank you, Jana! We love love love love you right back. :-)
In the TV movie, the F.L.A.G. serum is only used in the modern day. Steve Rogers is a modern guy.
Old dudes on bikes; chill out.
": lmao you know im your favorite person in fourth!! duh" nope is! Lol
Happy Birthday Kameron!!  Enjoy :) 
I let all the nonsense skate so me and you can
Me too, I tweeted Mama Bird highschool pic she was FYE lol RT : #Random My mom is a hot mom....I intend to be a hot mom as well.
Not exactly sure. I thought I found one, but can't find it now. o.O
Thanks Ray.
Southern Indiana in the spring makes me wax poetic. Everything is in bloom.
Please tell congrats and that we miss him tons on twitter!!!
Sergeant fuzzy boots
CEO Elisabeth Mason led all-star panel Fri in exploring solutions to boost students' chances of persistence & completion.
Curren$y album drops today. Mastered by our very own
touche.. i woke up at 6ish
Bulls are getting to the ball a step faster than the 76ers so far, as Chicago is feeding.off the home crowd. CHI 25 PHI 16
When does swim team start?
will put that on my wish list. Any in particular stand out in Tulum? Headed back in a month
Want some chicken
Too Big To Ignore is GREAT!!!, laughed my A** off, well not quite;) lol Congrats again !
Miss faked her love
Thanks for the sample of Seattle'sBestCoffee! Just got it in the mail today.
Mrs and Mr ღ
Big show in tears?! Real men cry!
Stop being weird lol YOU tweeted ME
MoronPosingChristians:Read da Bible cover2cover using a concordance&dictionary praying first!No1knows da hour,day&has da mind of da Creator!
giving the iPad application a thorough run through tonight. I've been super pleased with your desktop application, very Interactive!
'Meet me in Chelsea' #hometownslogans LAME
Watching "A Chorus Line". This movie is epic but why won't Cassie (and her mullet) go away.
Im more selective in my twitter posts these days* *everyone I've plagiarized already has found me out
yep time for MUSIC
Its alright, just dont do it again. RT : okay, sorry daddy.
Tilda has moves like Bowie
Gitelman: While Busa is often recognized as "father of digital humanities," she's suspicious when we all have the same version of history.
dude my hat is flying away to mindless behavior house RT
Excited about #THEDRAMAYEARS? It will be in a store near you on April 3! So proud of !!!!
So busy Robert! Planning on calling you tomorrow, is that ok?
Saturday: LEARN conference with addresses by both Congressman Chakah Fattah & Governor Ed Rendell #LEARN2012 :...
the human heart in conflict with itself is the only thing worth writing about.
Yay!! If you run to Canada, don't forget to stop by.
I hear you on the PhD apps. They sure were a pain.
good luck with that one, brah. Bet those dudes on TV find Bigfoot before you get maki rolls with a human meeting that criteria.
she said ya, just call the salon after 10 tomorrow and make a appt. She doesn't exactly when she is free.
Knitting for beginners? Materials included? Yes, please!
Day 5 of my 5 day fast! Feeling great.
thank you for sharing that magical image with us all.
You don't realize you haven't been breathing in fresh air until you do, in the middle of beautiful, nowhere America.
#yousayyougotswag but does your polo shirt have 5 legs?
… 501 jeans on bitch I'm counting figures !
thts my nigga! Lol But yea..it be borin af out here! Unless you got sum for us to do.
I deleted my instagram last night, twitter is getting close.
What time is green flag today?
good job winning your match!(:
In the town dancing wit chucky and terrance
Breathe me in and leave me for dead like all of the rest.
Not fair, who are we to make fun of! RT : Elisha Justice leaving Louisville for Pikeville
I'm broke! Haha
... how much time commitment are we talking, really? I think that's my largest issue/concern.
Can't wait to hear about visitation today. BTW, there are some hotties in D.C.
Love u mother!!.. 4 everything u done n tought me!..
Thanks I'll give that a shot
I'm unique, i'm different, i'm limited edition because there's only one of me in the middle of billion on this earth."
Dale just looked over me at my phone and yelled "dirty pictures" to the class. I just will never understand what drugs this lady takes.
RT miss you ! “: I wish I was with my beautiful piece of art right now”
AP reports Whitney Houston has died.
Punch and Astrobot KILLED that shit too, though. Like.. that song is very very good. Words can't describe it.
It's a sacrifice I'd be willing to make..lol jk.....kinda.
Hi Mom.
its like if Mater picks a day to fight
Moving back to NYC (UWS) with my bellabike cargo bike. Dare I lock it up on the street overnight? find a garage space? Daily commute w/ kids
Remember when Capos hadn't given up a run in May? That's over now. 0-2 for
Not a surprise!! We'll have to add you to our dinner gang. My wife's an outstanding cook & we are foodies.
I seriously hate it when people change plans and don't let you know until later
call Karen Walker
Drive fast cars... fuck bad hoes
Being home alone and blasting the music up as loud as possible>>>
Sunday... lunchtime! How about some Nachos?
Just joined Twitter
word up
RT : Amazing Nightcap party last night! Thanks to all of our friends, clients & for making it so fun.
no link?
very handsome! ;)
I don't know how I feel about the fact that I understand that reference
Check out the new widget! Definitely integrating this into our website :)
love Philly because it's super dog-friendly!
I wear my shades in and outdoors.
After a near goal on a 2 on 1 the #Bruins will be on the PP
That was my initial reaction as well.
Can't help but notice how popular pack defense is becoming. We r blessed in Wis to have so many great coaches in recent memory!
Just confused the potowatomi stage for the potowatomi stage. I knew it was too good to be tru 3rd row for robert randolph
wait: what?
told me what
that sounds great! will also be interested in i'm sure!
there is college fantasy football. U-sports.com since 1996!
is everybody in?
If I didn't get distracted, I'd never learn anything new.
Just found out about Mindy Kaling's new show and squealed. So excited.
I'm going to the #Idaho Caucus tomorrow for #SuperTuesday...Come restore America with me & #RonPaul !
Bones and Phil have chemistry (Can't buy it). You and Lopez made #golf fun. Tiger needs a guy like you on #PGA to keep it light.
Join my new group on LinkedIn: Leaders in PM Process Improvement in the Greater New York City Area
I was twitterless for a few days, but I'm back!
"Speed Up & Scale Out your Enterprise Applications with #Terracotta" is in less than 1 hour. Stop by our booth to learn more.
Truly...You have as much love as you need from me Billie ;) BTW Kobe must play like he did tonight....EVERY game to win series.
Always go with the decision that makes for a better story...
Or for people who like sweet and salty. I love mango salsa, but only with chips and beer.
not much wat about u
Congrats on your grand opening. Cheers
hey cudi do you love the Indians like I love my Sox?
#whosgonnalose - (UDPATE) Arizona v Nebraska - change to tie vote
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay……Just Seeing You & Your Smile :)
Yo, so did you make it through Friday the 13th with no bad luck? Happening again in 13 weeks!
yeah hurry up. VIP treatment is hard to come by
Hi Texas, how are you doing this evening?
What steps are taking this next week to make your life better? Please share would love to know.
People annoy me... A lot!!
Don't let the fear of making the wrong decision prevent you from making any decision at all. Go 4 it you will be fine!!!
:O #BrittnyGriner holy moses!
that requires me to shower and get dressed. so much work. im lazy in the bones.
Great Q. No altmetrics in this study. Was from 1998-2008 & not with any peds who tweet! But intriguing idea, next project?!
Can't get over the fact didn't win!Your voice is amazing and perfect in everyway:)Love you
It's totally ok. I appreciate the info!
no problem!!
gaahhh its absolutely nuts...like everyone from high school either has a child or one is on the way
If I was a boxer and I was loosing I would be doing the windmill the whole last round.
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES; It takes away today's PEACE.
Where you thinking of? London, presumably.
About to walk out this house. I can't take it!
When did lose all that weight? Wasn't there a line in Funny People about getting skinny=unfunny?
rules are ment 2 be broken so lets have fun for once
did you here the track ?
Good Luck!
Woke up feeling blessed
album is awesome! Go to your nearest Barnes & Noble to listen and purchase! It is so good we play it in the store!
So happy to be bartending again
some ppl are attention seekers... me? .... i aint about that shit
Having said that, I can see why you would feel that way.
Thanks for the RT and the follow. I look forward to sharing tweets!
nice! Which color is your fav?
To my librarian/info sci friends: Who uses digital binders? Any safe, free, options? Have lots of difft files I need to compile & share.
Yes, it's ridic.
Good shit Darren
please give me your #POWER ! I'm done charging my phone every hour !
Why you gotta be so mean?
never choose the backscatter, If some fool touches my junk, I would punch first and then press civil charges. 10k fine?
"What we academics so often forget is the role played by the sensibility that arises out of the streets around us" - David Harvey (1 of 2)
there seem to be a lot of pinterest clones lately
my guess is that Walker is gleefully anticipating beating Falk to death in general with the (WAY too early) AFSCME endorsement
LOL oh we'll be doing a lot more fun stuff before nxt yr. esp. with you around!
i was with him here at school. & he's prolly gonna be home with mom when u get there
I have got to send you something herbal!
Late, cool.
Wat is that on tv or internet?
Reality is about to set in though 😏
Thanks for the RT.
it's embarrassing. Especially the homophobic slurs.
If noone tries to help change the issue, how will it get fixed? Someone has to try to help.
really like the crotch rub in your dance routine. super klassy with a k.
hurry it up. Or you can come out to ar-Kansas and we can go gator hunting
The notebook is the best movie tho. <3.
flowers, people, landscapes, makeup, honesty, love, kindness, prayer, music, friends ~
#TeamNotDoingShitTodayAtSchool I never do shit any other day so
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today 😨 I was so scared
drank a little too much last nite....im good tho
Taked to my cousin Rose Long and sister Fay. Had a great time. Cynthia Harris
I need a doctor~
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me?? I'm an unforgettable person!! HAHA XOXO
"Yes, We just did a free giveaway. is about 'Helping Me, Help You.' afterall..." -
omg what channel?!? What show?!
Only #100days till #London2012 Opening Ceremony! What's your favorite Olympic memory?
Works for me!
Everyone should be really cool and follow my band :D
I just wish it didn't come on 17 times a day.
A very sore back
I'm on lunch break, plenty of time to look at em!
I want Chloe and Tanner to be those high school sweethearts that get married and have babies and stuff
Saturday ate 5 Star Burgers after my aunts funeral.Impressed.
RT Schnitzel sliders are made with pork, not the traditional veal
cute puppy
S/o to Luis for bringing my dog back, stupid dog she would get out! 
Isn't it amazing?... someday.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor @!bishopforeman
I love me some Big Jake, you are a lucky bird
yes sir
you know when you see the plus sign its an International call!
Denver, Colorado
RT : Special Birthday S/O to our brother, our fam, the man behind the account, King Dizzle. Happy Birthday brother
creator the ,tyler
“: Oxi Clean commercials just aren't the same without Billy Mays.... #RIP”
#VEVOnewfront. Reid: "Brands need to be involved with music artists early in their career."
Just submitted artscape proposal for ambitious collaboration... Keeping fingers crossed!
Gingers are my favorite.
My tears taste like tuna.
lol these lames is real funny....they aint never gon show they face...they gon hide and talk shit....its scr8 though...let da party begin
give kim a call when u get a chance
I really don't think anyone uses twitter the way I do.
Feels like the whole city has calmed down
Tweet me maybe?? or maybe not... ok I get it
Good Morning.... "Happy Friday"
Thanks for the RT love, !
see you all this afternoon at the Diamond Club! Looking forward to my second Fish game of the series!!!
I publish ebooks. For many pubs, I suspect an ebook is a way to keep a title "in print" and thus keep rights from reverting.
There' a higher level then the top,so u got to make more, don't make do with what u got....
best of luck man
The first member of the theater group is here. We have begun.
my dad rages around anybody. He doesn't care. That's why no one comes over when he's here!
Wil you do an #imagine for meh?!?
Andreas & Goran are playing right now, they sound incredible! come down!
Best embrace the suck.
What district are Katniss, Peeta and Gale from?
do you want nappy nigger hair?
Yeah, there was a snafu. No big.
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down. That's Wife material!
Oh Twitter how have I missed thee. I am back! woot!
This girl yawantia feel asleep again
your welcome n HAPPI 4TH OF july
Being in Severna Park makes me have to repeat, "I love my mom, I love my mom, I love my mom." Because, you know, Severna Park.
Not really. :P
naw not really just kind of a chuckle but dam gotz to find me one of those kind of female's..
She ruined my morning. Keep her on Fox where trash and lies are expected.
YAY! More stress :D
Buying ugly houses today
Re: I'm at Marin Color Service (770 2nd Street, San Rafael) - And why should we care? 4sq is so annoying.
Have you been to Lucky's on Tuesdays?? Check it out...
Looking to get into the compositions of Pleyel - any recs for a good starting point? - DvL
Oh look at the time.... Pffft screw school. it isn't almost 1:00 A.M.... #Sobored!
OK...Good
there is little I love more than the Houston skyline.
A Hooded Oriole built a nest in our front yard. Fun to watch colorful Dad going back & forth to nest.
Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 770-380-5277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs
Let's go simple. I'll lay this out very simply. SHUT UP.
Thank you everyone that has helped or is helping our Music Video shoot Jan 30th. This is going to be fun!
sweet! i just found out that we're staying on the opposite side of Hawaii as you :( but we are gonna take a day trip up there!
okay NO! I have to take you now lol!
We've got $2 #LabattBlue tall boys for all you #hockey fans today! All 3 games will be shown here tonight!
P90X on deck...let's do this
Austerity is not a dirty word. Fugality shows discipline.
Place just went nuts! Stewart's first homer at Coors comes at the perfect time. 6-6, bottom 9
: our duty to keep a promise for future generations - cleaner water, cleaner air for our kids...deserves a national voice
Happy anniversary!
This is what you call a classic backwards situation. RT : I received +K in Subaru from , thanks!
- They were brilliant!
'85 Jackson Soloist in my avatar!
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
thanks!!! Can't wait. Should be a great time. Taking a first-timer with me
Not that at all
Like to write one--what a fascinating instrumentation and subject! What are the details?
yeah, he is "fine", but imagine if he was your hardest worker in the gym how much better he could be. Stop mking excuses, he's fat
The 40 Year Old Avery Jessup
Had a great time here at Western! Campus is beautiful and the people couldn't be nicer. I think I'll be just fine here in August!
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
Stuck at the gig
I'm impressed you know that song.... I just started using it a few weeks ago... Goes over great... How've you been?
A good day for Texas & America - Unveiling of #TejanoMonument at Texas State Capitol and honoring leaders
Omfg!!!! I'm alive after successfully climbing Koko Head! My legs are shaking.
because it was amazing!!!!
add me on bf3! name: rbkl
Sushi sake with the little brother, as a thanks for taking me to the hospital today
Had a great weekend, it was beautiful weather here for the first festival of the season !! Now rain for 3 days.. ;)
And you better NOT be late for CHURCH
is listening to the album Chameleon, by German band Helloween. One of the best rock albums ever. :)
thanks for RT'ing!
I mean didnt the Bears learn from Colorado st's Caleb Hanie there are no players in the WAC give up the contract!
Black men are quick to venture out into other ethnicities and so are White women. I think Black girls should open up & White guys should too
oh no, i can just enjoy what i hear w/out bein in it lol
Legoland it is...let us know for sure!! Sorry about your legs that is a bummer. Take your horse pills and get better. :)
Love New Background!! You're so Gorgeous
RT : Larry Bird won Executive of the Year. 19 of 30 GMs got at least 1 vote. Ernie Grunfeld was not on any ballots.
I saw it and thought visionary, fraudulent, and empirical
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, Listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left. ♥
I'm overboard.
This scrimmage has been awful, I really hope Josh, and Ron are okay):
Fortune favors the brave
I don't think about tomorrow, I live for today -Jesus Santos
Thanks, , for #sloancres. Presenters sparked many terrific ideas for furthering online #STEM education. Much appreciated!
Mobileprenuer!!! ...Mobile Happens, is it happening for you or your competition??!!
how awesome. Great to hear the show was really good.
I love Justin biebers new song
Heading back to Portland today.
We have similar film taste so I trust your judgement on Avengers. Seeing it in 6 hrs.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
. is a Twitter prodigy.
And that's a wrap. Finished the 5K #mbcrteamfiu good times, good times.
Innovation: If it's important to you, you will find a way. If not you will find an excuse.
Just heard two old people talking about having sex, and suddenly can't get the horrifying noise of doors creaking out of my head
hey ya me isistes el face book
Good shit Nigga!!! Is this a year contract this time or a one day thing?
Whos going to be my valentine this year? two valentines i would love forever.
looking like a good night for KARAOKE at The Safehouse and 3 Lions Pub :)
there we go.. excellent point. It's hard to prove your opinion either way.
So good day everyone time for work !! Have a fabulous day :)) ♡
100% store bought
#iplspring seminal decision Qualitex v. Jacobsen Prods. Co. (SCOTUS 1995) - unanimous opinion that color alone may be protected as TM
because you care about people that don't care about you...
All i can hope for is that after this while girl, i hope that you smile when you see me
Starting to wonder
Just subscribe to MLB TV today and the Phils are blacked-out and not on Fox in Dallas!
U don't want me I can simply say fuck u YOLO!;)
2 New Tracks Written. Mixing Tomorrow. Things are getting exciting for
Red pants.
Duh , Who Else ? Lmao ": if you talking bout my son he right here"
Please follow :)
Anyone else feeling particularly stressed today? Cocktail!
carl's jr in c-wood? wordd =P ->KimBeezy<-
makes all the #meatheads look good
Such great company - Tony & Brad! Can't wait to hear you & speak on Weds. yey!
REMINDER: Tales from the Ethereal Plane: Volume 1 will be FREE this Thursday.
He said grand
Lying is pointless.
RT : "Truly hate ugly app icons, devs please don't overlook this aspect of your projects" Can you say "Good Reader"?!
Thanks for letting me teach such a fun class this weekend! Can't wait to get my hands dirty with you again soon!
i have forwarded this to child protective services...one for stealing my child and two for hanging him...
The Joker > Luke Skywalker
Everything is Illuminated! Love weekends cuddling with a good book.
I'm gonna grow a beard.
A huge Congrats to our hermana for winning Greek Woman of the Year at GW!!! We love you and are so proud of you!
I hate when people play stupid mind games with me.
school needs to be over soon #iwantsummer :/
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I've eaten many poboys, especially in NOLA East, made with Vietnamese bread.
having Pierogies on Christmas Eve and during Lent that were made by the church ladies of our Catholic Church.
Haven't even started mine. M'eh. What's the worst that could happen?
So sad. RT : Junior Seau!?!OMG- Junior Seau. What price fame and glory?
New video up on youtube
Hoppy Easter every bunny!!
A clean colon allows your body to absorb more nutrients. Buy CleanStart colon cleanse by Utah based company Nature's Sunshine!
i love you too . and you better not doubt me again ! lmao I Love You EmmyBearr !
Going to the Shakespeare festival.
Speaking of Clark Gable, that song is playing right now on my Pandora. PS. I saw a Zumba infomercial. I'm convinced.
Ok, but don't be yourself....be that person everybody wonders about!
and the list of reasons i love keeps going :)
Feels like we're cramming all of 2012 into January...
Sometimes, I want Santorum to win primary. So that his crushing defeat in election might spur Rep Party to improve, be rational.
And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope cause I ain't dying. My words gon' last forever.
we'll see...depends on how the team is. Happy about them drafting Leuer, he played for UW badgers, I go to many of those games.
"I'm not living if your not by my side!!" - Nicki&&Chris!
if you follow me it'll make my life the best♥
Hello Yes, a fine piano can add sunshine to the darkest day!
So who's going to school tomorrow
Sad face :(
Good morning texts >>>>>
It has been quite a day. Just want to remind all you dogs out there to tell you parents be careful of us as we are outside!! Thanks!!
I am not going to college. I have a career already and I'm sticking to it. No matter what..
How was Inman Park Restaurant Week for you guys?
Amazing and HOT day at ! Thanks for dancing even in 90° heat! True warrior status!
Scraping HTML/CSS together for a site. Opera, Chrome, Safari, FFox: coolio. IE: WTF? Do people still use that POS? I kinda miss Mosaic...
Have you ever considered the stress test scenario for tomorrow 13% unemployement 50% decline in the equities markets and 25% housing values…
The Testosterone Festival floor is set, the stage is built, and the chicks have tried on their SugarBaby bikinis... we're ready! TTFest.com
Nothing feels better than after a great lift
Just watched a Pro Bowler Shoot a perfect 300! #$10,000.00 bonus
Have you tried to knit two socks at the same time? I have started that, but only have half of two socks! :)
My bus driver to damn nice he wait at this stop 4 like 10mins waitin 4 aLl des kids smh
The Mink downtown H-town the show is going down
I think getting rid of my #iPhone is the first step in quitting my technology addiction. some things i will never quit. like my macs :)
Where has the time gonee...
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
I kno it's a song, yet it's still impossible
MEMORY: once told me that staying home from work when hungover is JV. Now that dude is a creative director. Full on varsity.
and you call me a drunk
What hurts the most.....
agreed. Might borrow some ideas for use at wisc MT thanks for sharing some gr8 info tonite via session
starting 'em young
2 DAYS LEFT for our food drive!! Clean out those pantries! 3 canned goods = 1 free med coffee. Let's support our food bank!
looks good. where in LA?
The Underworld franchise is apparently as hard to kill as the main character in the Underworld franchise.
what time are you going up there & when will you be done? I'm going up there later, don't want to get in your way!
I will call tomorrow. Thank you so much!
srry i was eatin and yeah i do , but can we do it tomorrow cause someone else is using the ipad
I WANT THAT HAT NOW
Simple but wise advice from my friends - ABC (Always Be Charging) -
Nice!! Can't wait!
Paris is one of the few cities in the world that defines an entire country, yet stands singular and apart from it. -- Jennifer Lee
That quote killed me as well. Thanks for the tip!
I have a feeling Kimmy and Lucas are going to be my #dancemomsmiami favorites :) thoughts ?
Wink at your mate from across the room.
Diner with Lynda at the Olive Garden. Stuffed.
I'm not arguing with a baseball "fan" who insinuates O's fans are stupid but has never heard...
I loved that class! Who do you have?
Actually you want to go to kieran's for Open Mic Night? It promises to be awful[ly entertaining and somewhat racist].
Up early to try to get a Jason Wu dress at
okay thanks (: i'll hit you up if I got anymore questions
I didn't say it would be done.
RT Some shit easier said than done!
what happened? My dvr didnt record #happyendings. Will you come over and reenact it?
i am!
Co-CEO of & Member of the #SAP Exec Board, Jim Hagemann Snabe takes the stage to deliver his keynote "As Boundaries Blur"
Burger king then planet fitness
Note to self: don't eat snowies in the park if allergic to bees. Happy Earth Day!!!
Hope im wrong but I doubt we get to see any comp bball today. #kentucky rolling, see #kansas doing the same unless barnes brings it.
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce..., so that...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied"
maybe it's a longshot, but I'm trying to get into synth design. And I have no idea where to look for information. Got any tips?
(I'm not being snarky) your tweet about powerful leaders assumes that one is always beneath others and not at the top
Be yourself 'cause life's too short to be someone else.
Thanks man, that makes a guy feel good. Hope you are enjoying life there.
Cause I see some lady's tonight that should be havin my bae-bah, bae-bah
I'm drink one for the #thizz homies that got popped by feds this week. You know its #Thizziswhatitis #thizzin Dubee lil Bruce Miami
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Thank you oh delicious one!
Hey Chris! Good running into you tonight! Nice to see some Mississippi blood.
lol I was rofl when I heard that lol
thanks for coming out! BraziBites are so delicious!!
Nice. And it's downtown, right?
Hey bo
you know it...hell idk even know y i even gave them my numb. itts jus a damn shame...lol
“: and can feast on goat milk and honey dew melons”//LMAO!!!! I can't take it!!!
Anybody own the Williams-Sonoma digital oil & candy thermometer? It's just displaying lines. Changed the battery to no avail. Suggestions?
Avengers in an hour!! :)
Mr. Universe from is currently downloading. Can't wait to watch!
wish wpuld c this and rt
#UFC was definitely bad ass tonight!
What do you think are the three elements that make a great film?
It's Papelbon time.
LMFAO you just made me die Alyssa lmao ... Very true !
I forgot how hilarious I robot is. I cant help but laugh every time they say robot. However, the laughter stems from my fear of robots
Did you know? Jordan has an extra toe. But is it on his left or right foot?
Getting tweets to your phone is #classy (: #ClassyAllis fyi: my name is Alli 2(;
Tell your mom us GRANDerz said Happy Mothers Day!!! :)
I got a great idea...we should have sex
Pittsburgh , PA! We are performing tonight at The Smiling Moose! Doors at 530!
how you feeling?
Happy mothers day to all u beautiful mommies out there!
GO ! Game one here we go....
yeah the conan profile pic def threw me off!
Time is good as well because everyone needs to "calm down." Everyone on all sides is in agreement that there's a problem.
I'm the same way! But how can I help it when Groupon is the day job of half the actors in Chicago?
i'm too tired to get ready now .-.
It is a beautiful song but I like everything that you do.
“: “: Failure is a part of learning. #dtl2011 - but not part of the promotion/tenure process... ;)” it is where I work :)
I wonder what would be my reaction if I met Matt...lol
Thank the lord for waking me up this morning🙏🙏🙏
Just saw amazing clip of the film Romero on moral leadership in the face of mortal danger.
Bummer! Yes I will be attending the Detroit expo.
the important equation ! Punk
I wanna motorboat with LBT
Beautiful photos!
Having a hard time distinguishing a "bad boy" from a "good old boy."
Let's get #whatgodhasdoneforme trending instead
4th sack by by my count.
shit sux smh guess I'll just have to buy a new one. U gotta ps3?
Join Councilman TJ Dow on Fri. 6p at Faith Temple Church of God (7038 Lexington Avenue) for state of Ward 7 address.
that lady is cooking up some new Slobber Snaks flavors..coming soon!!
you can do it boo....im so proud of you!!!
came too far to lose It now hardwork.should pay off for me
I wish the Colts would draft RG3. He's crazy athletic
has some sexy ass hair.!(;
#TheHungerGamesTrailer was amazing! Can't wait for March 23, 2012!
Craig Volk~ The killing was the best part. It was the dying I couldnt take.
Could you tell us more about your property ?
get off your high horse you dwarf
Disagree re: <canvas> and libraries. We're working on a book locator that relies heavily on it.
I should be seeing you more. Maybe it was just wishful thinking. Need more girls nights!
Most non-partisan economists agree that the stimulus package saved or created 2 mil. jobs & kept unemployment below 12%. What failure?
Its not real, its never real I see the fiend in your eyes.
What mile marker you at, ? Ready for you at #AdWars at 1800 hours!
Howard Rambsy on prolific tweeters as already prolific writers. "How did they get here?" "Where are they going?"
Is that you, Christine? RT : Hello!
Oh yea and today is #NationalHonestyDay so no telling
Cocaine in DC elementary school. No surprise here when over 50M adults use. Had enough? FB coalition for a drug free home for info
Doubt it <3
Blasting "theraflu" while overdosing on theraflu...
Jeff Withey is getting molested.
Rick flair nigga
you're odd
Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;)
I dislike the Bruins.
American or not-I wish you picnic feasts-fireworks-parades-swims in summer lakes that reflect blue skies-warm sun&cool breezes-love&freedom!
Tony allen got his ass smashed on!!!
Thanks to for offering a platform for filmmakers to show their work! We just submitted 'Briefcase' to the site!
Just finished watching dear John ❤... Now heading to bed ... Goodnight tweeters!!!!! 💤
“: Nothing loves you back like your career can. So love it with passion and it'll give you a lifetime of happiness” #
We don't have a statewide signature count yet. We would like to collect 60,000 signatures in March. Can you help?
Finnish MP says he speaks publicly abt being gay not for others 2 bcome gay but 2 promote understanding. Norway event @
he saw u through the window and decided to give u a little midlife crisis gangsta style strip tease.
finally got 11:11 on my phone! Straight to ring tone :D hope your having fun at your photo shoot!x
I would miss being announced home coming princess because i was in the bathroom #talent :)
bout time! Hahaha. Your colorful bras are cute tho. Lol
is in my improv class
Fuck em. They're jealous they weren't fondled by The Dusky.
Glen, may I venture to ask what inference you would draw from that?
Thanks for the RT
It looks like we might have to close down our Facebook Group and just keep our Facebook Page instead.
Jesus, help me to simplify my life by learning what you want me to be and becoming that person. - Saint Therese of Lisieux
I don't understand how someone can hate Ed?
I guess I gotta bring in a fruit plate
Former World Champ Sean Grant just left the building with 10hrs qualifying left to go confident he will be in the playoffs!
Short selling the sub-prime mortgage market via credit default swaps will be viewed by historians as the beginning of the end of America.
i hope you got home safe hun
EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE HOTTEST DJ HE IS BREAKING RECORDS
Damn man
Follow me on instagram @ celeste_love !!i follow back:)
Start your Labor day weekend right!
Hey, anyone find a laptop charging cable at #swroc? cc:
hmm i am watching lost , and it's getting more lost again, lol
": Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you..."
Cheer Comp in Cape Coral Saturday!!!!
S/o to Came thru on that Superbowl party.
S/o for the follow keep the real music alive!
back at ya, awesome Monday
This pisses me off.
feminism is dead, girls can't DJ, and david guetta is clearly
Who won da fight
Saddest part: watching vendors from my corp lib director days realize I can't afford those sweet deals now that I'm in academia
Last band show of my high school career today.....
Welcome to Boston!
We have Angry Orchard Cider available on draft. Might be adding a gluten free beer in the coming weeks.
please be in that show!!!!
Open access is moving copyrighted materials into the public domain at an excellerated rate. Free the hostages!
Ready for today!!!!
That's awesome.
Hey! I just realized you changed your name....are you cruising this year?
Congrats to all who purchased tonight's Locks! Will be either 7-2 or 8-1 tonight, either way a tremendous profit booster!
I just belted out 'Strawberry Wine' in my office. I did.
HA! thanks
Sense I'm dying of boredom I think I'll just go drown myself in the shower for a bit!
Thanks for the #retweets Enjoying your YouTube videos!
yeah, it only took me all night to figure that out... my genius is showing now
Kingdom Relationship -vs- Kingdumb Relationship. Insecure, unstable, unproductive men stays KING with an expectation that you'll stay DUMB!
#FF Shout outs to Happy Friday
or, you could get a wireless landline phone and walk around with that ;]
YEAH for Delaware!
Hydration tip: water is much more appealing in a shiny purple bottle than in a plain mug. Because oh...shiny!
Good Morning! How are you?:)
Idk what ima do after tomorrow , no boyfriend again til Monday .
Officially moving to LA in January!!
im back on the hook again
back at youse guys!
oh *that's* fun. Yikes.
haha nick needs to look out for nuhdeen
Happy to report the republican loves the apartment. Confirmed I have great taste and picked a winner.
Eating sushi for lunch and I remembered to tell everyone that we have plenty of 10% off coupons for at
Zuckerberg needs some eyeliner, or maybe an eyepatch + cutlass.
Recovering from a baddass weekend in Denver. Too much drinking, music and fun at Marc and Margarets reception, Congrats!
Yup, always liked rogues better.
All you have to do is call my name no matter how close or far away ask me once and ill come ill come running and when i cant be with u
Whitney Houston We like you is in our memory for ever ♥ ♥ ♥
I'm not even gonna let that ruin my day
