#ThoughtsWhileRunning *I really want some Ice Cream right now*
I'm using #IA2011 to tweet from Saltmarsh's session.
Oh nevermind... Y'all are already following us!! Bahaha thanks for the follow!!
Sirk or Wilder, sounds like a plan.
#someoneiwanttomeet all over again (:
juxtaposition of the altmetric/decoupled journal guy with the speaker from Thomson Reuters = #datacite program committee win
It makes me really happy to see come together. Did today even happen, it was such a blur.
Leading when you are not THE leader. Get the keys in my latest article at www.mikehensley.org
Seriously thinking about this #EatingClean lifestyle.
8th grade holds all the best
Dominic's giving away tickets to see Corsair at the on 4/21 today during his show (ends at 4pm). tune in at 91.1 fm!
Wonder if I'll be the only #vegan at the #sxsw panel
90's music >
“: OMG! Mr. Feeny is on Grey's Anatomy!”
Beautiful day in Cali;)
We got dragged through a system and got burned by crooked lawyers, and the list goes on and on.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???
Hotel California- Eagles
I worked in journalism for a short while so the media never surprises me :) Headline's last goal is to convey the fact/truth.
No. And you're not following me back so I can't respond privately
U didn't have to cut me out. I don't even need your love, you treat me like a stranger, and now you're just somebody that I used to know.
…Also: If MSFT owns the streaming rights for MGM movies, then they could drive other studios to lower prices for Netflix, Vudu, etc.
please get back up now! I need to run end of year reports.
Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted. -- Pasi Sahlberg, Dir. of Finland's Ministry of Education
Man leaves #occupyportland after mayor oks camp out. "it ruined the march, and has nothing to do with me wanting to sleep in my own bed."
LitFuse - We just coined a new term at LitFuse - "Poop Fairy"... as in, James is sick he looks like a Poop Fairy.
Lmao. Unncessary ass debate RT : Now the weight a woman 'should' be debate. Yea. You dudes is gay.
pretty freaking fantastic!!!!! <3 Working my way up to getting a Valentine:)
Im sorry to all Sabres fans tonight. 1st time in while I just thought they had no chance. Were down 3-0 early, was pissed. Amazing comeback!
I just saw that Draw Something punked us. They didn't give you the right letters! WTF!
Time 2 start picking out the records. Bottle of #Hennessy would be awesome right now. #RecordPartyAtMyHouse #WhereYouAt?
I'm happy I can take my mom and grandma out and treat them to the movies. It's not anything big but it's a start.
Just saw our promo during the Oscars! Highlight of the night.
Finally : Mark Pickerel, Kaylee Cole & Kevin Large, Bryan John Appleby, Lucky Lawrence, Roy Kay, Kim Field & Lisa Theobold
i wasn't talking about that ! I was talking about the ones before !
Truth! RT : The only thing that MIGHT make me feel better today is the hope of watching #SDSU get killed by
welcome back to #Miami! How long are you planning on staying in town?
I've been on my couch sleeping like all day...GOOD
I can't wait for the concert tomorrow!!!! Hopefully it's something I will always remember :)
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE I LOOOVEEEEEE YOU CODYYYYY!!!!!!!! meeting you was the best day of my LIFE!!
Teacher : " DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!" .. Students: "Are you asking me out?O_O""
love this! Not quite the formula we are using but I see room for improvement now :)
gap band (you dropped a bomb on me)
What happens when you mix a very white lab, a skunk & tomato juice? You get a "pinkalicious pooch"! Poor old fella how embarrassing
sorry, but what tennis? Not sure what you mean.
Getting people to follow instructions ... Its the bane of a managers existence
3953 florida st Apt I, san diego, ca 92104
lol #STL is hotter than #Jaipur right now. okay, so it's midnight there and noon here, but still... #STL is burning up.
RT Kobe walks in AAC, sees Jason Kidd and says, "J, where's your cane, man?"> attached to the broom we swept them with.
Sunday's would be way better if Monday didn't follow.
Just talked to Joe and is almost fully dilated so she should be going into labor soon!
#betoorourke explains the need to respect Mexican national shoppers wanting to come into our community and our stores.
My iPhone and the radio are playing the same song!
To the club now
I'm starting to like this unfollowing shit though....plenty more to go I just shouldn't be following more then are following me period.
Congrats to on his Commodores win!
Watched the One Tree Hill Finale today...is this real??? It can't be.
RT : God does not need me. -R.C. Sproul
baby come back! You can blame it all on me! C:
How is the weather where everyone else is? You can only imagine what it is here.
Great! Going to be a really good project.
Interview went swimmingly!
Naked Lunch in my pants
Dayum faith long time no tweet on this twitter
Forgot my mug today which made my coffee twice as expensive then normal :(
or get a tattoo lol
Will do!
Our donation jug had two dollars in it! I know where one came from (thank you, my dear friend!), but who dropped the second??
Responded to VACATE @ 7 Roff Street, Staten Island, NY 10304 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT : The Oregon State Fair begins next week! What's your favorite part of the fair?
I love it when you tweet!!
Busy days can only mean that everything is going the right direction
That's it... I'm gonna have to buy some of your delish lip balms ASAP! Your tweets are making my mouth water!
#LilWayneSongsILove President Carter
This is a bit out of character, but I would do unspeakable things for a PBR right now.
Why the fuck do I have to watch my mouth when you can't even go a fucking day without swearing!? #pissed 😡👊💢
S/O to my lil sis for being able to record a song for the new twilight movie soundtrack.
Yep. I'm going back to the C-J. I'm going to cover Oldham County.
I made it for the first time last year. Fun. Good luck!
Switch to the Chicago tab on www.crowdclick.com to get the Brumder Mansion at 50% off!
10 Orin Swift Palermo. #Napa #Cabernet as only Mr Phinney makes it. Very forward. Big dark berry nose, huge flavor, developing. 91 pts
Good stuff! I like.
Let's go let's go let's go!!
Spending the weekend at the farm... I'm trying to escape everything :(
Hooray from all of us - now hurry back you have work to do!
read about 'spreadable media' RT UCLA Mediascape: Speculations on Virtual + Viral Witness to Human Rights Crises
Have you ever divided your can of soup into 2.5 servings? Watch out for serving sizes in nutrition labels to count your calories correctly!
so what did you think?
hahaha one day you'll get it. like what can she do you skipped one class to do work?
In May, EU is hosting a workshop on tools for management of legislative content, particular to XML.
im back bitch
Let's go get some food bro
omg ong omg omg im glad u read it and thanks for following me.
:/ . Hold it together !
“: I'm not totally opposed to Jmm-Morales but what about Danny Garcia??? #Justsaying”
I'm reading a physical newspaper. Like, printed on paper. Just thought you should know.
Visitors to Miller Park can get their photo w/a life size cutout of sayin'
and by work you mean serf porn and masturbate right? right
FFOR EATING A DAMN COOKIE
Congrats, Beverly awesome NEWS!
Gary Pruitt leaving McClatchy to run AP is headline
Having a truly beautiful Sunday in New York. Feeling very blessed and filled with gratitude!!
Yo loving the #SWAG on tha #BLOG youguys #OWN !!!!
Great catching up with you and ! Such a great meeting, wasn't it? More soon on #compdb!
When the pain of adding to a giant message board thread is lower than the pain of not, you add to the giant thread. Next, drink a beer.
lol No! i want you to kno this !
From "Baby" to "Boyfriend" <3 From #NeverSayNever To #Believe <3 has changed so much I will always be a True #Belieber <3
Pregaming Boston means exotic kale and fruits. #grownup (oh and wine)
has a cat. Cassidy I need all the hairballs so I can sell them on etsy as organic keychains
“: "that's horse shit" , "he has lots of balls". This is what I hear at work ...” Lmfaoo Brian!!
Just made some really good juice/ice tea! :D
Me and 2 beers. ;)
Yes indeed. Please feel free to DM me so we can get in touch.
Watching Crash Course videos like a boss to review for APWH.
guy who sold it to me told me wrong. I've a new phone, but you pretty much can't do anything on it. Since the data plan is so low!
ha we have a hound who likes schedules, he starts.whinning and howling around 6:30. I feel ur pain :)
So desperate for news, having to settle for #CNN because #MSNBC is running prison shows. Like getting instant instead of brewed.
That moment when you go out with some friends and forget your wallet at the house
"Hanging out on our couch helps"...
Alright come on Dolis.
Working late. The world of Manhattan real estate is picking up the pace. Deals being done - multiple offers everywhere!
Great day at CG! Drop In & Crafting, Glass Fusing and a craft party!
haha right ? Where's josh at? Lol.
It's all or nothing
Okay so I followed every1 who follows me and fuccck ya unfollowers (: unfollowed all of you too <3 lol.
Amen to that! RT A new season awaits you. New beginnings. New opportunities. New levels. This is your time.
Watching another trial. Shame on the state for prosecuting peaceful citizens for exercising their rights under the First.
Band practice tonight. YAY!
“: forced recycling with she hates the planet but loves diet coke. "#granola cruncher. Crunching cans =dirty
RT : Ron Artest will be suspended before the 3rd quarter in Game 2.
I see u all over my news feed or twitter feed or wateva its called lol calmm downn
We are the gunners!!!The Best the world has ever Seen...
Please don't riot. We have midterms to think about.
lol I'm just kidding, I just got a little frustrated lol
#America is a weird country.
Don't deny yourself what you
#EDM PLAYGROUND BACK ON AIR w/ @ DJ_KRYS1S SPECIAL GUEST DJS TONIGHT TUNE IN RIGHT NOW! www.xradio.biz HOUSE
how are you??? you did incredible on the Kids Choice Awards!!! you are such an inspiration to me <3 have a nice day =)
Of course! And you should totally get a dog.
Ryan Dempster dinged for missing the anthem this year, they weren't playing O' Canada were they???
yeah he FINALLY got out of the hospital after being in there for 9 days! So glad. Thanks! :) <3
Oh but then you gotta come to Sweden! ;)<3
Quick stop in Compton
EVEN IF YOU WERE BROKE MY LOVE DON'T COST A THING. lmfao ugh.
aww I'm sorry girl:( so why don't you have your license?
finale right now!! Curious to see how all this ends!
Good morning World!!! Just Woke Up Feelin Good Ready To Get This Money!!
Eye infections are just freakin awesome...
at least you're proactively scheduling your laziness. Mine shows up unannounced when I have tons of crap to do.
Tina Fey or Kristen Schaal as the workers' cult leader.
Cigars here I come. Yall been waiting 20 minutes to long! Lol
I don't have. Your number bro bro
do tell
can i get a #follow back please
With the
heaven knows how to put a proper price on its goods.
And a big happy b-day to my wonderful brother, Bri. here's to another 40 filled with vim & vigor.
Can You Follow me please? Thanks, I Love You♥ I'm proud of be Directioner *-*
favorite actor i've ever worked with: Gina Torres. Such a sweetheart.
no we can't
Want to have your voice heard? Rabbits Black is accepting guest show reviews all next week. Going to a show? Get it published! DM us 4 info.
I luv ya Pamela!
I just gave hannah a bunch of #'s (;
See, the knowledge is in the books!! Documentaries are like books but without all the reading and research.
I'm no Jezebel; I have no eunuchs.
Sisters big 18th birthday
I have a .NET windows app I want to authorize to a web apps SQL db. Is web service way to go here?
lol Crystal u way late
Hey there, I'm also an author and live in Chicago, I write on the paranormal with some spiritual bits-I'd love to meet sometime!
The release date for our album "Vultures" is January 24th 2012! Just set it today, everyone get ready for a crazy new years!
Lets see if the knicks can break the 70 point barrier tonite
Bah humbug to the USPS for being lazy asses and not delivering mail to my house yesterday
He's contrarian. It's what he does. I also think he's speaking to a larger group of fans-we definitely have whiners.
Happy to be back in Alaska... I missed it more than I thought.
the way shook the shit out of and started wilding out LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bet! I heard at #140Cuse and I'm sure the panel setting will be even better. Good luck!
UMM. Do you see what she does to us? a hug doesnt help us right now.
it's Dlist celeb couples on Vh1. Like Hulk Hogan's ex. I'm all in.
My Beloved grows right out of my own heart, how much more union can there be.-Rumi cc: (thought you would like this too!)
Never have more children than you have car windows
I seen nothing :O. You're not at school?
Its not very hard to NOT get blocked from goldie. Very simple.. Don't ask dumb questions.
Trying to watch game from MN but blacked out here.. guess we're try to stream it
Briere? He is really good for nothing except dumb penalties. What the hell is wrong with him?
Breaking: one dead after shooting in Pickaway County. Investigators on scene. Shooter still on loose.
Hope you haven't forgotten about #Pink&Purple ! You can get #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on #iTunes now
Show some love to great thing ahead!
Handling my life is challenging these days.
i don't know about love me...but strong like is a high possibility
Obama may not be the perfect president, but he's better than the "alternative" (Romney). Mitt would be an even worse puppet than GW!
Dont try to play me on the internet i will shove u in a locker dude.
Nice ;-) RT : Having my own Ferris Bueller's Day Off today. Slept in. Cranked stereo. Sang in the shower. Now off to hit the town.
#sosea livestream begins at 7pm PDT i.e. Pacific. Been nice, if confusing to begin summer time in March
I hope im lucky enough to get followed by you<3
People just don't get life. Neither do businesses...
The #Buckeyes are on to the Elite 8 after their 81-66 win against Cincy. #1 Syracuse is up next. O-H !!!
Tomorrow's a jam packed day full of Bowl games, keep an eye out for chances to win free Scorzies!
That 2 o'clock feeling .... RT : I seriously feel like my brain doesn't power up until I get coffee. Anyone else?
Go n-eírí an bóthar leat - May the road rise with you. Happy St. Pats Day!
haha just lol'd in class, yeah #emoticon check it out I'm obsessed 😜
Have you had a chance to go outside and enjoy the weather today? =)
We created our New Years card today!!! 2012 get ready for the Sashes and Crowns girls! Go Team!
Is that teenage white boy really sagging his PAJAMA pants? And what is he doing with 8 jars of Goober Grape?
Great day to run it's 68 degrees
You can come back later and add to the GDoc we are using tonight.
so, umm..there's a twitter account for your penis, just thought you might want to know.
Are y'all at the Library?
listening to "The Adventures of Sam Spade", eating lamb shank, mashed potatoes, and mashed parsnips == best lunch ever
while #installation is based in LA we are curious to lean more about the #photographers in your roster. Cheers!
Finally done with class.. time to go home and do a crazy amount of homework
Dermal fillers are simple injections and have a minimum down time.
I would argue that this is already the case in many cities!
#LMSunSIG dartmouth may keep Bb, may switch, but is dependent on faculty
Rate the following: Great White, Rasp Brown, DT Brown, JW red with Coors Light Chaser, Guiness while in the land o' the Irish
: she's precious
miss u guys. sometimes lurk ako pero hectic!!
I'm sorry to those who may have been looking for an opportunity to do some TV work but I've decided to stay true: I'm doing films only.
"Jeb Bush on Zim"....wow, when Fredo chimes in on the side of justice you know it's an obvious, bad situation. Geez...
Hop back up as I start to slide...
Yea, that's what happens when I gave my true opinion of her to my bf, then he tells her everything. He asked for it.
Happy Anniversary to and !! Also, happy birthday to the lady!
HI-LARIOUS AND SO TRUE RT : You read The Hunger Games before everyone else? Aren't you a Hunger Games hipster.
overtime rules
Thank you much! I'll drop you a line when it comes through.
Game 6 in Boston #Celtics vs
Glad you enjoyed the show. So....how do we compare?
Old lady working at McDonalds? I'm youthful and still don't have a job.
Well, I think they'll be headed to the golf course tomorrow. The curse of being a #Capitals fan.
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
freaking brilliant game brother
YeS ... im not taking my shirt off
which one? bueller?
Blink-182 on Saturday, but the jury's out on that for now. How was the Blind Melon show?
Hi Pam! So glad the blog helped you. Let's chat. Email me.
just spit my drink everywhere LOL
i like the jump, kinda an equalizer
Get up, Kettle bell clean, barbell clean & press, bent over barbell row, medicine ball push up, single leg dead lift,
loved skypeing for 2 hours today. I miss you so much!
I've also taken to screaming every time our poor Guinea pig moves because I think it's the mouse. Yet the g.pig is the larger rodent.
speaking of videos.....
Tomorrow is customer appreciation day at The Blind Man. We will be celebrating with live radio remotes, free food & more. TheBlindManNM.com
When doesn't tweet, I think the poor wench has died.
#GYLO = uncapitalized startup trying to be the next Knewton. Not clear what their value add is or competitive advantage.
For the most part, it is generally agreed that any person over the age of 16 should have an identification card
I can blow $700 on a pair of shoes. That's really not a lot.
Search terms that brought people to ThePublicProfessr website: 14th century cartoons; campaign against president hoover cartoon; old tv sets
Success it's within your grasp reachout and grab it. Perfect motto for
I don't think anyone understands my obsession with pork egg rolls like theyre just way too good
I was just bout to wash the car but it bout to rain
DJ forgot the records
Up in the gym just working on my fitness
when is ya r&r?
What way? Ppd?
totally in!
I vote for.. Keep up the hustle breh..
when do you get out ??
Happy President's Day! Happy hour starts at 4pm! $3 house wine, $3 rail drinks, $3 select drafts until 7pm!
We're celebrating Library Week by celebrating librarians at the PSLA conference on 4/12!
thanks again for all of your help! We are learning learning learning!
I got a big weekend coming up! Check out my schedule on my page & come on thru for it all!!!
I have that CD. Somehow.
If has people smoking pot around children I think A call to child services is necessary.
#GoodLifeSaturdays @ Club Saga be there!! Grown & Sexy!!
You know you're skilled when you get 11,00 tickets and still have two bags full of them.. :)
What a waste of 10 bucks. I shouldn't have spent that 😒
How many feeds do you people have? I checked DispatchAlerts.
I don't think he loss steam, Dave. The #Rays made him get it up. #Unearnies. Real #patient ABs late.
hey Brian. Thanks man. I hope you are doing great man. I had a blast this weekend. Thanks for tweeting :-)
Bye guys love !! see you tomorrow ! :) Love xoxox !
Very sweet performance by and now back to the awards!! Here comes Common and Taraji for best R & B Album
Wow lol butt i still wanna know how i changed b/c i don't think i have changed </3
#AustinTo700K <3 Yes, to :D x
truth, sir, truth.
S/O to her y'all
Come on NJ
RT : loving something is to realize an aspect that it can be lost in the physical, but not in the heart or mind.
What warms you up on a day like today? It's hot tea & honey for me right now -Kristin Burns
And...our van broke down. We are cursed.
What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship
Zo! & Sy Smith at DROM, New York City NY | May 3, 2012 NEW YORK STAND UP FOR SY!
lmaoo you'll just have to wait and see
Exciting for all the local followers. Gahanna's Stoneridge plaza SHOULD now be your hotspot for lunch today.Try the 's lunch!
I would see it for Emily Blunt.
Heres another freestyle i did today..
Dating Tip #2: Grab a bucket and wash your car. Ferrari, Mercedes, Hyundai… Your ride is an extension of your personality.
Bella will you please follow me ?? (:
All I got is my truth and fear tactics aren't going to keep me from saying them! All we need is love.
Somebody set a dog on fire in PG.
is robynbanks lol gosh u don't tweet me no more I don't be feeling loved smh
Me, too! If the three car alarms going off simultaneously ever stop! Goodnight all y'all. :-) -->
The Major General of each divisions division will select three men who will value the price of each gun of the departing soldier.
/// GO!!! RT : . sent me a beat yesterday that added 77777HP to my life-bar, instantly.
Snow day today. . .it's crazy out there!
Oh and I left my headphones too so i cant listen to music on my phone #arewethereyet?
are you coming to the house for Greek sing?
Tim tebow baby, all 49ers fan here but i knew when he used to smash my # kentucky wildcats, dude is just a winner! What more can u do ppl
This is right in step with the model privacy work you are doing and even here in Seattle
. aren't part of the #NorthCountyBoB, but seriously check 'em out. Good homegrown hip-hop.
kiss your boss's feet.
Another day in the life of me... I wonder when this long nightmare will end? Hmm...
WAFFLE HAPPY HOUR IS GOING ON NOW! Telling the cashier "Behold the Power of Waffles" and you will get you a discount on all waffles!
got you!!
#BBN prints are now available of my Miller picture, as well as Cal w/trophy and Cal hugging Davis. $17 shipped
Friends turnt to enemies, enemies turnt to friends 👳👱
hey Andrew! (: can you follow me!?
wrong person sorry what is it?
most definitely the piano keys.
Currently playing in my office: Freak Nasty - Da' Dip...awesome.
“: Come on Irene, oh I swear what he means...at this moment - you mean everything”
lol when u have a callous from bars and it rips off when u swing around the bar
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? It raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/add lemons/splash of juice
Thanks for the follow back from our newest followers! I look forward to sharing!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
She probably just noticed me sitting here in the dark; the automatic lights go off if you don't move for a while.
would love to have that just getting up feeling instead of that just went to bed feeling.. oh well
Count me in.
oh ok! Thanks:] xo
Can hypnosis help you break the smoking habit? Read a great guest post from Jon Rhodes at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com.
Quark. I'm sure he'd know all the loopholes.
The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live…a story.
excellent website - thanks!
Would you consider maybe comming to lubbock for a concert??because i know a lot of mahomies who would go(;
Hello and ! Thanks for following and very pleased to meet you!
same here ... Insomnia sucks
hey send us some cotton candy vendors in left field... We're dying out here!
Yeah, that's probably true.
lol it's ok I'm tried :( I had a lot of work today -.- how are you feeling?
looks like a side pony haha are the curls falling out!?
could be where you are sticking it too - the cheap ones are more picky about how they are sitting
turns out i don't have to get my wisdom teeth until july lol
listening to the news: "recession is over, commodities are up, unemployment is up, dollar is down..." -- something doesn't gel.
And an iphone
I cannot wait for love, but if it's coming as fast as he did well, shit that's two minutes well spent that she spent with him
hey girl hey
Helping others achieve their goals helps you achieve yours.
hellurrrr of course I did!
tomorrow its going to be an unforgetable day
I think I enjoy working bc it keeps a lot off my mind that I rather not think about
Old ways won't open new doors.. 👌
"Quite a glittering assemblance, King Stefan. Royalty, nobility, the gentry, & ...haha how quaint! Even the rabble."-Maleficent
Wondering what I should make for dinner. Probably BBQ chicken, corn on the cobb, and a salad. Maybe blueberry muffins too.
For those realignment junkies like me, has been calling this #ACC situation for a long time. Definitely worth the follow.
twitterrific! :) thanks so much for doing that!! Did he seem mad at me?
no problem, nice post!
Thanks for the Follow Friends! Have a great day!
Hello Amy: Great to talk to you here. Robert
Nobody could ask for a better friend than So good to be reuinted with brochacho after 3 weeks away!
you better be ready!
man.......I so appreciate your work. Much love sir.
In Lusaka they are doing all sorts of business from selling cloths to putting up giants massive infrastructure
Too early man... So tired really dont feel like going to school today
A fruit punch Brisk would be good right now. .
Everyone was Born as an ''Original'', dont Die as a "Copy"
happy birthday<3
did you know?A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
trying to start a fire in the hearts of this generation!!!!! but...websites suck.lol
Check out the Z bench! super clever tailgate equipment
Ghost Adventures tonight?
Amazed at how ppl #complian when flight is delayed! If they don't like it walk!
we appreciate you looking out for us
I love spending time with my bf
Halftime dunk contest is about to start.
Watching my favorite show #smash are amaxing! Want to be on this show so bad!
Yeah you can. If He wins 2 more, you can make a real good argument
lol, well you'll never know ! it could happen.. Heck the #Mavs did it... i cried like a big ol' baby...
#FF Fantasy Analysts!
You need to mix in some condensed milk while it's hot! Takes out the bitter
Chiodos > D.R.U.G.S
Make it nasstyy ;)
#MUSICREVIEWS Feeder return to the mainstream with a vengeance in new album Generation Freakshow. Following the Renegades 'experiment', w
Road 2 final pilot: Steve on www.unpwnradio.com tonight, SAT Summer Poolooza! w 7/20 SHOWTIME
simply the truth
Order #TEA from #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE and get a personal #JAZZ cd from us to enjoy with your
Hi Anise, a big fan, Kitty Hawk on EA
Waiting for the dentist to stab and drill me! You'd think with how hot that sounds I'd be excited...
flaherty, on , says european economies are flat, alluding to their arduous environmental review process.
RT I got a 'goodnight' from as we left Miller Park 2night. Only bright spot of my day. Get a W tomorrow, Crew!
Kamloops Blazers, Portland Winterhawks look to renew bitter WHL playoff rivalry
What's up everybody
haha u r really pretty!!!
ESPN News - No. 1 Syracuse (20-1) upset by Notre Dame, 67-58; Murray State only remaining unbeaten team
im am wasting 30 bucks for a one day thing!
I love throwing up at walmart
Someone like you!
Thanks. We like you too!
Congrats to the #BaylorBears on winning the women's #NCAA championship.
I can't wait for the cleaning party that is about to take place on sunday
that's crazy. It's for the best though. Oh the time suck, the glorious, horrible time suck.
so what's the population of porland? Oh, around a million
naw ur to sweet to be mean
Sleeping now goodnight folks
Want to help us out with a Fox59 Face Off? Come on and argue against the gun bill that would let guns in LOS. Msg me!
let's see if it breaks beyond hippie epicenters ;-)
Just had a nightmare... :(
teacher : kat stand up Kat williams : b.tch i am standing up
My former and current places of residence are playing right now. Can't believe I'm saying this, but go NC State!
#youknowurfat when you sweat in the shower
I love you Kaylie!
Don't Change~ Music Soulchild ♥
Hello friends if you are at one of our markets, we would love for you to check-in on Facebook or Yelp! Thank you for the support!
love love love ALL the characters in #downtownabbey. Love the writing in , but I just finished season 3. So convoluted!
I just hallucinated and thought I saw a hot dog on my bedroom floor. Time to get ready for work...the wieners are callin me!
What's that?
you rock. the world should follow you.
Thanks for the RT!
if you looked like a boy.. Maybe
Pop Chips Rule
A Valentine's Day Haiku for via Oh, LaBarbera All of your tweets and traffic They make me tingle
that was a heartbreaking piece of writing. It felt like a punch in the gut, but you nailed it.
The technology that is continually changing has peeked the interest of millions
It's "Heart" time, in honor of my favorite singer: Ann Wilson, Happy birthday!!!.
lol I got game
Which reminds me, just heard & enjoyed yr interview on Marc Maron's WTF. Great condo, really interesting stuff re physical-comedy
Wild day on the turnpilke in Florida from the shooting, sad.
Kitchen is open til midnight. Beautiful ppl! Eat! Drink! Dance! Mingle! !
Pick ANY 1st year starter & go look up 1. stats, 2. wins, 3. playoff success. All three combined makes Tebow Top 5 in last 20yrs
Hi.....u r really hot....i need followers...will u plz follow me...btw i folow u 2...il b glad if a hot grl lyk u follow me
Taking a moment to enjoy the coffee before the storm. Have a great Friday all!
.....& ya'll said kansas was better cause of their talent NO BITCH!!!!! Dont work that way Kentucky BUST THAT ASS!!!!
What he clearly did was pretty bad but he did it as a kid. Not as an adult. The question is did he learn from what happened?
Thank you !
wondering if today will be the day that all 70 public computers are in use at once - and what will happen
then we have to start all over with the amount of likes we get. but in no way am i saying your opinion is wrong.
Last time Vin Scully missed Opening Day was in 1977...#Dodgers went to the World Series that year, BTW.
Privacy-Enhancing principle of #NSTIC includes following Fair Information Privacy Practices and limited attribution sharing
Weiner is stepping down. -New York TImes
Gorgeous night at Olympic Sculpture Park - next Thursday is the last summer salsa night!
You can call it that. But only if you and your family are preapared to deal with paparazzi like cc
The entire week at school I'm going to be thinking about Basketball
Busy week! Among other things, looking fwd to the operas and also #ELEKTRA at Oh, yeah & auditions & planes etc...
Anyone missing the banquet is crazy! This is deliciously adorable!
thank god our savior for life [=
For those running broad st, an oppty to run 4 a cause: Almost $9k in a wk? This is big, Team CcTC! #youvegotthis #25kchallenge -
lol no hope for them now barely had hope with rose
if i had a son he'd look like sean couturier.
I don't think I've ever chugged water that fast..
RT : A bet with my Boss. He says Twitter is a waste of time. He will give 50p per RT I get but I give him £10 if I don't get 10
I can imagine! Our office is in love with our tea kettle.
Thousand ones up in my pocket ima make her dance
OMG! Forever smiling! <3 thank you! How do dogs say thank you?
hows our biggest fan?
Stalberg should be done for the night he's been horrible all series
I am sexy and I know it lol
You are a very sick distrubed animal, I hope law enforcement starts investigating your family cult soon!
#website what is the name of the big photo website that starts with an M?
#MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways through thick & thin & good & bad love you miley.e
I met with VP of WB Casting Tom Burke & his Assitant Richard Parkinson.....Both So Genuine & Authentic!
oMG every1 zayn lykes a foOD LET'S ALL EAT THAT FOOD kaykay
Same to u.
Specials all night!!!!
Lunch time at #CITEconf. Who's hungry for mobile apps? ;) Taptera booth is near the food, come say hi!
There is really no polite way to eat chicken BBQ
Ah, centroids would do the trick. Thanks, will check in about that
is feeling the love tonight. Thanks for posting the show with !
CrossFit on every corner. No one has education or experience, just claims to be an ex-athlete. It is great for my physical therapy practice!
will it help if I dare you?
Because I know she creeps my Twitter, I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Beth, was is my biggest fan, editor and influence.
what have you been doing? and I are ab to start insanity soon
nah man I can't lol but I'm trying!
Getting out played by journeymen and re-treads. Aside from Ichiro, not one Mariner position player would start for the Red Sox.
Trying to fit social media into a jam-packed schedule? Stop thinking "more;" start thinking more creatively.
"Lemonfarming" - how to look at failure on route to making lemonade. Brilliant
Only 6 more days with my seniors...
Lyon continues: But even if you can't identify to the point of "being" Trayvon Martin, why do ppl like to say it? Performative question.
Little worried about my stuff getting locked into weird Final Cut X format, though...
What aunts are good for: introducing nephews to Twitter!
why are people so fake
I need several. Will probably stop tomorrow on my way back to #cle!
All I can say is if you disagree with me about something, by all means. Challenge me. I want to hear it. But give me a VALID argument.
I'm so excited about #LeapDay but I have no idea what to do about it.
yeap one moment:)
are they really? But it was so good why would they chang it?
Lillibridge is almost as fast as me on the base paths!
Between this and in playoffs is why I love May! RT : It's heating up here! 12 cars on track right now.
Thank you! I couldn't have done it without your support and encouragement. Love you!!
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3?!
got hella fans out here in Memphis now that's
Oh meetings, stop getting in the way of my #nats baseball
woww soo you like eminem right:))
About what? lol
I'm still freezing
Hopefully at least some of them emailed you with the understanding that it would take longer to hear back :)
Same here. I look forward to linking with you. “: nice to meet you via ”
Back the last weekend in May... I better be seeing youus
thanking all of my cute followers ;)
SBTB bronchitis explosion.
81 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating with Latin honors overall.
May 11 is deadline for LA Archaeological Institute of America undergrad fieldwork scholarship apps. Message me for an app if interested.
Can you put my name on the Jumbo Tron tonight?? ;)
Happy New Year 2012
So ready for summer (:
lata Twitter and hope you will follow inlovejnb...
CONGRATS!!!!! RT: 2 Grammy Nominations!!!!! Thanks so much to all of you for your support and love!!! ()
"It has to return for a 2nd season! RT: : Didn't know whether I would, but I'm liking Scandal."
or Reggie Jackson was able to develop faster. Lol
You call yourself my "best friend" ? Right, learn what a friend is. You're terrible at it.
If He doesn't get mad I'm gonna change his name to V-na cause he's a vag now
Late to the party but fuck yeah!!
Go Badgers! Muck Fichigan.
mainly their "friends" and fellow "artists". The guy I know sold his music as a senior in h.s. to impressionable freshmen. Haha.
"Health Warfare" - The concept of interlacing a hazard within a healthy promoting remedy. (Giving Thimerisol - Mercury - in Flu injections)
Ron Artest will go to prison before this series is over
auditions were like day 7 or 8. It all happened so fast but right after you graduate you have to go through the agency
There is no rhyme for silver, but if you climb a hill ver-r-r-y slowly, you can almost make it go. See?
My wife thinks my hairstyle is from the 90's. I think I'm going to let her chop it up.
And I probably should read one, shouldn't I, so I can be in the know...
ABC News is reporting that George #Zimmerman did take a serious beating. I'm guessing Reverend Al's going to gloss over this update.
2,000th hit a dinger. That's why Placido Polanco are two of my cat's middle names.
There's an ex that I would beat the shit out of if I saw him again. The rest of them, totally cool with.
Watching five waiters try to pick the lock of a bathroom door with two butcher knives.
Explosions in the Sky Pandora...there is no better way to have a Friday Night Lights relapse/withdrawl...except maybe John Carter.
Ref should call a foul on the CBS director for taking that high camera angle so much.
crazy since NYPD is cutting 33% from high crime areas in efforts to balance out the numbers in other places
The Hurt Locker" is by far the most effective film yet on the Iraq war.
Export to H.264 native, no encode, and import into prog
hope we learn to use this equipment soon - you should have a martini!
RT : Life is like water. We want to hold it in our hands, But it flows through our fingers. Make everyday count! ツ
Edit once, twice, a million times! Two proofreads are never enough. Typos, I hate you.
WHAT?!?! We have 1/2 of our group in #Milwaukee already filled with women looking to meet new friends! AWESOME!!!!
Susan Bennett quoting Mark Hanna: "Two things important in politics. First is money and I can't remember the second"
everyone's going!
Great! from my team will be in touch to set something up.
cool! My ma got me this ring years ago. meeting with her team of doc's about her cancer today. Perhaps it'll bring luck
Thanks for the shout out :) Always makes for a good Friday.
Tell her she's beautiful instead of hot. She's a person, not a temperature.
#SmokingWhackyTobacco RT : no 1 n I mean no 1 torches chris paul
My third book should be a go by the end of the month. I am also currently editing a childrens book, and have outlined an epic story.
#MayTheFourth be with you.
lol. Bad look for the pac-12. Anthony Collins ended up way netter than I ever thought he would. I was way off in him.
don't you have diapers to change.
RT Started the day with best cup of coffee ever. delishhhh
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Shake that ass on the floor call that shit a ass quake
what time r u umpiring tomorrow
I don't need a declaration by anyone else to know that Rupert Murdoch is unfit to lead. Just look at his newspapers and TV news stations.
Having known him for 12 years, worked with him for 9...that's not always a good idea! :)
A special thank you to for being such a fantastic panelist at the Cyber panel discussion today!
Kicked off my campaign by havin' a gopher stompin' contest @ #Depaul! May have accidentally stomped some students passed out in the gutter..
I'm a big fan of the cheese map!
I know that a FEW passed on this thick, home-cooking, house-cleaning, supportive-of-my-man, sexy siren, & now REGRET it!
Goodnight. Swag. Love you guys.
you know is in Cannes, France right now right?
wow, lots of new followers- i promised if you follow me i will in return follow you.. shout outs coming soon...
I like that ocean breeze wet, wet -- yeah -- I said it!
Thanks Mitch!
when people say to stop trying God says keep going move on have faith! dont let anyone bring u down. NeverSayNever right? :)<3
1) twitter unfollowed you :( but I followed you again 2) snooping on yr personal life: r u going to derby? if so msg/call me
Enzo update coming as soon as I hear from the doc later this morning. :-)
action item is there
nominations open now-12/28 for ArtWorks! Gwinnett's arts awards (categories include artist, arts partnership, & more)
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola ~Diana Vreeland
All well, thanks, hope everything is going well at your end! Looks like you're doing some interesting work!
2 separate events in sequence. But hashtag is #NITLE for both.
Go Local is among the people! Come by on Armitage, mention this tweet, and get a #GoLocal card! (Already got one? Give it away!)
Man, they better get a CBA deal done. This is MADNESS!!! Football's my therapy, my medicine! I'm gonna be unstable without it!
I am the happiest when my whole family is together!
Lost my Kindle on an airplane. #Delta wasn't much help, but the customer service at #Amazon was pretty close to spectacular. Very happy.
that's what everyone is saying. Where do we get a summary?
Tim Tebow is going to practice with the vikings this week, to get more confident in his ability
Email not working on #openingday. This must be a sign. If you need us, call! Or walk on over. We'll be by the elephant ears in the park!
Wondering how I should break this bad news to the director
I suck at life today.
most everyone is up, just watching NBA playoffs
I like it when a girl knows what they're talking about shit is rare nowadays.
The day I am able to get relocated to the new apartment I owe you whatever you want from Whataburger. I promise.
Annoyed that PVCC is teaching basic web page design in Front Page 2003; they say they're going to Google Web docs next semester -little late
-.- why am I even following people & they don't even follow back.. hmm easy as that ~le unfollows~ now we're even.
In case you are one of those people I love in Seattle, hit me up. I'm here for the weekend.
guess what i did there.
Mahalo if you follow meh, I ain't talking bout twitter this reality
Hello, Friday! So nice to see you again!
And Onto You As Well...
oh thats funny that you would believe that. Quite funny indeed.
I've been so busy moving out all day I've forgotten to eat
: and that is an important lesson! (were authors usually constructive, or comfortable trolling students as professionals?)
Come see Chance and Necessity at Theatre J tonight at 7:30! A play by #CUA prof. Jon Klein. IT'S FREE!
And if you get in you pay to ship and get yourself there for the shows, etc.
Time to Clean -____-....but its always better when i jam out to <33
yeah... And Poor myspace, all alone... ;)
I've been at tables like that more than once in my life. I can pull the trigger and have.
when can you come to Waco,TX and Selena Gomez is coming to Baylor in Waco,TX YYAYAYYAYAYAY!!!!! :) Hope you see this! RT
Attention Austin liberals! Put down that latte. Looking for a paid internship? of Stanford Campaigns might be looking for you.
Heading to Manhattan with all Levitis clan. Then my vocals preparing for my big day.
If I told you I loved you, would you believe me..........
I love everyone. Well, except Kansas, as per usual.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. Thursday night from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
I passed a gas station last night that was $3.69.
I need to focus on myself .
thank u mama
no i putting cali in my future plans
AHAHAHAAHAHA YOUR TOO FUNNY !!!!!!
I think I drank too much cherry coke 😳
Well I wish OKC would've won but it was still a good game
Life is very mysterious, don't you think?
- That is the EXACT SAME THING that I tell people.
Have a great Friday everyone. Take care this weekend. Don't do drugs!!! If you do, then don't do a lot of them. Peace to the Middle East!
Monday's metadata word use count was only 2. We were installing Archivematica most of class instead.
yes!!! Great to connect here!
Dammit, waitlisted “: Sorry,I live in a lesbian-rich environ+I just cant take anymore right now.Get in line
Its an aday i hope my plan works cuz i wanna go to mb circus
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
Fun friday! Have any great plans for the weekend?
Its sad when they don't accept you for who you are.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
Thanks, Lisa! Hope you enjoy. And even if you don't, please leave feedback.
": ": Jazz players considering punching fire extinguishers in the locker room right now" HAHA"
Single doesnt mean Im looking for somebody
NEW SONG IS SO SICK! :]
Thank you so much! I had a great day. If you're a mom, happy mother's day! How have u been? How was the concert?
- Axl being Axl. I suppose if he were still relevant, I'd care. ;)
I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you. -Psalm 119:11 -- Daily Bible ()
I've been laying here for the past half hour. I need to get up and take advantage of this beautiful morning.
Procrastinator Monday. Who will crawl out of the woodwork today and expet me to be a super-hero CPA? Or better yet, wait until next week!
Confession: I just ate Jack In The Box in the "fitness room" of my parents' building while watching Nick at Night. So much shame.
When people start convos on twitter <<<
#vaforum12 Love to see people excited about their work--Clifford Ambers doing detective-work about VA indigenous grapes.
What a fucking joke.
at least you r not the one that sings from the top of your lungs pretending you're talking on the phone!
Show your love and support like the ski new York page on Facebook.
Why does the doctors office always take so long
I KNOW believe you. Next time "twitpic" RT : I hope sees this~ Go hard in the trails #fitness (via )
Waiting for take off on flight to LAX and thinking that many colleges run like airlines: at capacity and no margins for error
That's a sweet start for inspiration. I just pulled the trigger on a much uglier cx500. No style, just stamina...I'm hoping.
lmfao okay you guys debate it out 750 is no 3D and 820 is 3D you guys decide
At this point I really don't know who would win out of them. I think it would go down to the end and be a controversial finish.
Looking forward to feeding you tonight
Old people are basically like toddlers.
Do not question the Collinsworth. When the man says you need a visual aid, you need a visual aid.
Watching #Emmys and eating a big bag of #funyuns, #goodlife :)
Neevveerrr will I beg like Im crazy for to follow me.. Its a waste of time because he still havent.. prob wont
you did AMAZING tonight! You deserve every minute of it..I am SOO proud of you and the Boyz. <3
Catching up on wknd tv I missed #entourage - waiting for it to cool off before a light jog around
50/50 is a great movie. It is so inspirational.
Thanks for your help today!
But your press releases are always very well crafted narratives portraying Goldsmith as the hero.
Thanks Doug.
Everything in Paris sounds fucking romantic. RT : Its pouring in Paris.
yeah I feel u on that...thats a must...good luck ;)
missing you so much! Je t'aime.
lakers are sucking right now.
Cheeseburgers from the grill French fries baked beans. And brownie sundaes for dessert.
dreams is not a sure, realizng them needs payng dues. Jst dreamng is like roling cloud, nevr leavng a trace behind.
Magazine evolution RT How Magazines Are Adapting to the Mobile Revolution - on.mash.to/mTqswZ
kid I told you,it's Ray Charles to the fullest now jump up on that d*ck and do a full split.
There has been a change of plans in my life
"To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and dream, in spite of your fears..."
#nw The Big Bang Theory
Tuesday lunch rager with my boy Will from Now off to drop the new issue of !
wow! Huge congrats! The work you guys do is so inspiring!
ahh! I'm Googling all over the place.
RT: : #iprefer substance...so many individuals lack that characteristic"
Purpose Girls Academy launches coaching program for teen girls.Becomea PeerEmpowermentCoach. It's time for our ladies to Look,Learnand Lead.
Happy Birthday - have a great day and can't wait to see you on the pitch!!
back following U
Do you think about me, like I think about you
ina a god mood :) listening to #SaySomethin by - AMAZING <3
Aww, how cute! Happy Mother's Day! :)
At what point would you say someone has a platform? Is it a # of followers, name recognition or something else?
I love that last tweet. <3
Haha I might have to check it out :)
#IslandMusic makes me happy. :)
Overheard on Metro
Just saw a solo that will likely be compared to 's solo. Not quite as intense though.
its #friday :)
Failure is the most important thing in your life because it helps you learn how to do better says
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more profit means u can expand your business
Nice fake tan Max.
I think even 's choice to use word #evolve makes it easier for others to do the same.
so true. Why can't we get this right? Education is THE most important thing we can do. It will foster job growth, decrease crime…
Excited to (presumably?) meet at Rackspace tomorrow. is the next big thing, you heard it here first!
Did you know that today is the last day to get buy one get one free fresh strawberry shake from 8pm to close!!!
no way josé! i'm only taking two next year!! :)
My best friend's basement. Her dad had a quadraphonic system, listened to Oscar Peterson. His runs blew my mind.
Started a new project at work...I will now be regulating all the temperature and humidity in the galleries and in the historical house
Going to hang out with , Kelly, Clay, Jenna, and Kate. Blue is real excited! (So are Kar and I)
BreAnna you're so pretty. :)
bumping some of that reggae thanks for shout out follow if u looking for a video
I'm the guy in the middle FYI haha. Interviews I feel went well but we will see. Never know. How are you?
Come on in out of the rain, and get in for Happy Hour! $2 Rainiers, $3 Sierra Nevada, $4 Wells, $6 Wine & Bloody Mary, 5-7pm
#ItsAmazingHow much I can't stand you.
Looking forward to seeing Democrats from all over the county tonight at our annual Roosevelt Dinner!
Uhm you are on drugs
Crack kills!!! Lol
Yes! I love what you've created. When will you be in the US?
Someone please teach Maria Sharapova how to make a proper fist.
many thanks for re-tweeting my original tweet to SO many people, daniella, ..SO HONoured. Thank you, honey x
Your parents are awesome! Your dad was blown away! He was so excited to give me his card too. Too cute.
I loved it :) probably one I the best imagine stories I have read :)
If you manufacture quality security products and would like to join the SS&Si team of Manufacturing Partners email
Watching Dumb & Dumber. Realizing my childhood infatuation with is still alive and kickin'!
Sweet, if I do it I will be holding you to that! (Congrats also on the new gig)
Commercials these days are so weird.
Who holds up stagecoaches and steals laptop computers?Click Turpin
awe thanks
That's so awesome! She needs that costume so badly!
So my brother can just come home whenever on school night but I have to be home before 12 on the weekend
try to come to portland if possible!
when i say i love you Forever i know it's a long time but I aswer wouldn't mind spending it with you.
Come see Uncle Jim @ The Man Show in Niles, Ohio
born #original and im better than i ever been!!!!
Why people always gotta fight somebody? That dont resolve anything
RT : Need one more follower to break through 5900<<you're welcome, now where's my targeted tax relief?
Happy- Born Day to our founder, and Director... ME! Jerome Welch, where would we be without you?!?!?!?! LOL! Have a great day people!
the best, most favorite words of any #author anywhere: the end #mustfinishtheBOOK!
Thank You for purchasing tickets to Tomorrow Nights ! It is going to be an awesome time!
I just ate a ridiculous amount of potatoes.
“I love talking about nothing. It is the only thing I know anything about.” – Oscar Wilde
I'm hungry -_-......... so I'm going to the chicken shack lmao
Know anyone with allergies, asthma or joint pain who never seems to get relief from prescription drugs??? Contact me for a natural solution!
So like three weeks of school left? I'm ready for sunny days and late nights.
aww. What kind of dog is that?
Going to church! Goodmorning everyone. :)
Wow, I called it.
All My Life - Jack Rock
lmao every time u work with "this kid" i start cracking up about your tweets hahaha
FOTF commercials? Gross.
Awww,im fine but i have to prepare for my presentation next week. :( Hbu?
me too
After two nights there, I think the Cosmopolitan is officially my favorite hotel!!
cool you gotta take care of urself. Thanx 4 the follow btw. :-)
lol. Understandable. No one here says it.
Well said! RT All Yankee fans that are saying the team is done need to go root for the Muts or the Sawx. GTFOH with that mess
Insurance man out the house today. Leaky roof and water damage. Hope they pay $
mornings & school don't go together. I always have an attitude until lunch. so thats more than half the day.
Joan La Barbara's In solitude this fear is lived @ Playing It UNsafe
Save your praise until after you've heard the whole story..... :)
what if Justin Bieber starred in Twilight instead of the other guy.
I'm sorry your stupid.
Aw, they were shy the whole time though lol
Nice shot of the orchestra!
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us. Franz Kafka
thank you so much! c: okay, i will.
At until 5 tonite! :) Then off to for drinks & dinner with a friend!!
Dear cheryl, Could u pls stop calling me sara. Thanks.
Weirdos having fun.
dude, it's so much more than just a podcast.
Fell asleep too early and now I'm awake. Stupid daylight savings.
is he a puppet or just a stuffed animal?
Nothing quite like a group email political debate to start the day! Democrats vs Republicans....and we are still great friends! :)
We have to go hard in Cormans. Boy scout this shit.
#np Dire Straits - So Far Away
Gorgeous day at the river for pike formal. Let's see what the night brings.
2 on and nobody out for Prince. Tie it up for the NL please.
Agreed. It almost seems "too perfect" of timing for his detractors...only time will tell
Thanks for the RT!
Cycle tweeps! Best bike route MKE to Chicago? My nephew wants to know. TIA
Up too early this morning... had to be at work early and unfortunately, I have to stay late. Oh well.. I'll get to take the time off l8r
That I don't have arms like Tara on
love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it is probably shit lol
OMG Adam Levin, of Instructions and Hot Pink fame, is signing now at Booth 84!
#thankyoubulls for a great season!
Its notes like these i wana watch the skyline fade away n never look back im over this town
Poker odds are probably more accurate
Looking forward to tomorrow!RT : Spent the morning at Symphony Hall rehearsing with the Boston Pops & Amazing.
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing. The flavor of your lips is enough to keep me pressing
If that had been Suh hitting Brady instead of a DB, it'd have been 15 yards. I hate stupid rules.
yes!! asap
lmfao you dumb! It probably would have been even more awkward lmao
I missed it! But that sounds like it would be right up his alley of irrelevance.
Smoking a lil hookah and watching Ghost Hunters, what a lovely yet terrifying evening! I think I may be in love with GH's Kris Williams! lol
then we got plenty in common! I'll have to get you out to a Rapids game soon :)
They don't want it lol RT : Gasol ticks me the sixth letter off
Yeah it's true money don't love nobody... But I love money like I don't love nobody...
is that because your bday is in February??
#KingsIsland40 the grand carousel
RT - Just met a Jaguars fan from Jacksonville. He's been to every home game since the franchise started.
happy camper after a week of hyped up work
maybe you can sleep in the middle tonight?
Need Someone to call :)
The Obama Administration wants us to tattle when something negative is said about them. Seriously??? LOL.
You mean "shirt punch"... right? (please say I'm right)
Awesome! All coming together. #CircusMashimus is looking like the place to be
Oh man, I really hope Mariano can recover and come back next year. They say he's a phenomenal athlete, that's gotta help at least a little.
FREE AVON PRODUCTS To My Orlando Florida Avon Customers only, How would you like to get $10 or $30 of FREE AVON PRODUCTS? Here’s how!
Watching Whitney Houston A Song For You live WHH 1991
& He Said Aww Thanks(: & I Said Seriously Juss Make Me A CD Of Juss You Singin. I Would Listen To It All Day!! He Said Ok I Will(:
": watches grandpa Porn" i love me some wrinkly dicks
well said. truth.
sorry but looking back take min.s off my time ... the trick is to never look back... becouse that is when one begins to loss...
It's my babies Birthday today! She is 6, took her ballons and cake and party gift bags to school today! Way excited!!
#ff great teacher and coach. Check out his showfax column "Casting Corner".
That lawsuit against the Bellaire officers was dismissed 8/... That appeal should be right around the corner I hope...
I want was good for ME. Not was good to me
RT “: But when people say "dont do anything I wouldnt do" how do I know what you would and wouldn't do?”
thank you 😊
electroacupuncture is particularly helpful in neurologic disease, particularly IVDD *intervertebral disk disease aka "slipped disk".
that about defines my last 3 years here...
then yes....is that better? :p lol
Never be with someone who doesnt bring the best out of u!!
Lol, thank you :)
LOVE it! xoxoxo
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - we are put on this earth to be innovators and creators, not wagon riders.
Be excited. "The minute you do what you really want to do is really a different kind of life." - Buckminster Fuller
Tell that girl what she wanna hear!
“: Figured with CFB over it is time to change the twitter pic!” is that a men's ball??
Looking for a Google Maps developer. Send me an email.
thank you for the #WW!
Processing *tons* of Czech materials from a major estate gift! Interesting stuff and some great additions to our collection.
OK, I'll follow you! :)
lavender moon in old town :)
GRRRR When is Google Voice going to open up for new registrations? :(
Last day at my day job, actor's blessing: flexible, best boss you can dream for, cried at good-byes. Left me with a deep sense of gratitude.
Another injury for Bogut!!! GEE can't count on him EVER
I'm chilling in Macon today.. I hope my mom have a safe trip!!!
I see. The #UN report on #Libya was written by #Iran #NorthKorea #Syria #Cuba #Algeria - All the usual suspects
I'm tired. I say stupid shit when I'm sleepy...
#flipbigclass about to do webinar on flipping classroom with echo360 folks & U of TX Austin.
Hm... Where is Tebow going to go????
Haha your still awake and I'm the ass hole that didn't get in touch with you when I said. Come by for free head shots tomorrow
When giving notification to participants it's appropriate to get ahead of the curve; gives opp to show everything sponsor has done
lol sup my guy
Oh and we did not know each other or anything. We lived in different states and met years alter lol
#YouAreTheReason i can be me and stand up to bullys. you are my idol and i love you very much. :)
as long as you're safe. i'm a worrier.
adsfjkl My face burns OMG
NM I'm BALLIN baby :-). How bout you?!?!
How did #chakrasana go? It's hard, but in #ashtanga if you break it down I think it's approachable for most students.
Please use the orange feedback button on the site. We really want more input from working scholars.
Blessings J new Chunes are in your email Respect Lion!
MT : Libraries are all about access, why should that be just about access to info? What else does your community need?
please be okay sending good vibes.
Happy Birthday Tay Money !!!!
Unbelievable!!! Bob Knight talked about Kentucky!!!
Putting my 9 to 5 clothes in the donation pile.
It's Tuesday and you are tired of your old car. Here at #ParkroseAutoCenterllc we help you update your vehicle. So join us today!
def or perhaps some kind of tainted beef
what happens after ever?
First virus of 2012 has attacked.... I'm so Not excited....gonna slay this virus with weapons from OTC.......
nothing sitting home doing absolutely nothing! I wanted to come over yesterday but I didn't feel like driving
Design: making solutions. Art: making questions. Meada
yeah their whole "friendliest airport" motto is just cover for how bad that airport is
Problems cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them. ~Unknown
Hakeem Nicks everyone. Wow.
will be with for this week's "Water Cooler Wednesday" 1/25 Noshing & Networking!
First few seasons were pretty good I thought, compared to most garbage on TV.
Amile Jefferson will announce at 4pm today. Down to NC State, Duke, Kentucky, Ohio State and Villanova. NC State & Duke are the favorites.
com to tally!
“: -- Me too! I miss all of you guys!”...from former News4 producer Tom Duerr in Dallas
Lol, I Guess Homeboy
"What does claustrophobic mean?" "It means he's afraid of Santa Clause." Lmao.
Does min and max width work on images?
Purdon concludes with a discussion of a scene that takes place at Battersea Power Station in Hitchcock's "Sabotage."
Happy Easter & Spring!
Yes, sir.
compl agree which is y I said, it comes in ones own time.
My girlfriend says I'm conceited. I'm not conceited. Conceit is a fault, and I don't have any faults.
When lasalle takes my phone <<<
forget #tomorrow #itsnot promised what are you doing #today??
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!(: im 16<3333
Heard of long-term food storage? 25 year shelf life, great tasting, just-add-water meals like chicken ala king or lazagna. $2/serving & less
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothin. A hundred mothafuckas can't tell me nothin.
This test should be interesting
I'm hungry
Audition tomorrow for a new HBO pilot! Finally going in the right direction :)
genpop here i come
I think we are. RT Are we all lonely on a Saturday night?
Reflective mood today, thinking back to eight years ago, and keeping a positive outlook for the future.
Who's coming out tonight to catch the first game of the Royals/Yankees series?
still in shock by it. Would love to have seen a picture of the teacher
I have to come up with a research Marketing project.
I'm freakishly becoming a domesticated woman. I went to look at plants on my lunchbreak.
If it was up to me I would fire the broncos offensive coordinator. Horrible play calling
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
January is National Celebration of Life month! So eat a piece of cake and enjoy life! Now taking Cake Orders! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Nice to meet you Lynne!
fair enough, you win. OUR BEACH WATER IS CLEAN, BITCHES (the sand is dark, and full of syringe-surprises).
I want pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Terrible things...mayday parade. Fuck. Worst song to listen to if youre emotional.
Woo WIN!
bru I said its gonna be a #HottSummer, I hope you ready! Every man for his self..
so: Beyonce= Sasha Fierce, Katy Parry= Kathey beth Terry, Me= :)
did you really "plant" your face in a chocolate fountain?
having been to the Ballpark at Arlington several times during the Johnny Oates era, I couldn't agree with you more. Great fans.
Welcome! Check us out : In beautiful San Diego California for the 2012 craft brewers conference, very excited.
15 hour work day...let's see how this goes!! :)
Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!
Yes! RT : Volunteering with and Glory from for Popcorn & Pasties! So many tickets & mustaches!
We're Sorry Dylan. love you.<3
Bout to pick up and check out our crib!
": When someone says "all around good guy" in their twitter profile I immediately assume they're a lying liar" agreed.
sure thing(: Sorry i didn't see this earlier haha.
An eye for an eye would make the whole world blind.
Promoting Independent Artists right! Independent Video Channel - IVCTV.NET - for the hottest videos. Record Labels and Artists check us out!
I'm going to bed a happy man :-)
I think all those other things have to come first.
Our packaging for Tropical Punch is almost complete. Just a few minor text and color changes!
NFLPA 'punishment w/o evidence is unfair'. a signed declaration is evidence, isn't it? lol
Bored... seems the database took a crap, so can't work. I would say the DBAs are probably not bored, though.
yay happy cinco to you too ! See ya later ! <3
We will always love you...thank you for giving the world so much with your voice of an angel and now you are one. R.I.P. Whitney Houston
It was a resort in Punta Cana, Dom Rep, I believe it was Barros Star...
I almost got a $2,000 dollar ticket and 180 in Juvenile Detention for sluffing one class today.
Manchester man in wheelchair is victim of theft
here's to the kalin and myles fans who know every word to all their songs.
good!! I havent talked to u in forever
Who do we contact if we have an issue on a car? Email address?
ok on twitter or listening to music idk!
Im always one step ahead of you
yall still recording bro
I love how my grandpa is an ICONiac. We used to watch ABDC together when I would go over to visit. We would always vote for the boyz ((:
Ironic that loves Pokemon... that dude is so against animal violence.
#TrustInGod #Fearless #RadicalForJesus Psalm 25:2 O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.
To one of our greatest Public Servants, thank you for all you have done. Rest in Peace Ted Kennedy
you ain't flying, come on man he showed the rookie in him.
Playing Arkham City. So fucking afflicting.
i'm bored, i'm gonna go to sleep.... i think i just have fun in my dreams. BYE AND GOOD NIGHT TO EVERYONE : )
completely after Ur done throwing, or after each throw? By chance, can you take a pic and point to it with one finger?
Seriously though, congrats on the noms and having Dark Room in the bag. Look forward to it. And give Book #8 hell. ;-)
I freakin miss I haven't kicked it with her in a while.
is delicious
Derek Lowe pitched a GEM!
Unfortunately, is already taken.
Where did you come from baby and oh won't you take me that a away
Everyday's a new day
The coach site is definitely hacked right now.... yikes
Yeah... must have been steroids.
feelin HOT HOT HOT!!!
I love these anchors in Australia!!!!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Socks and Sandals
burned 250 calories doing 50 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
looks like an interesting way to visualize web traffic. Love the
"Nothing" by The Script ; in the chorus at the begging "And my mates are all there trying to calm me down..." I just realized they say mate!
I hear you!
go to sleep, sir! its past your bedtime.
well i dont either & you should stay with me. im going up to my brothers house for my family party..
Um, , Anna Kournikova had zero singles wins on WTA Tour. Won some solid doubles titles w/superstar Martina Hingis.
At Yankees stadium about to give some s**t to any Tigers fans we spot up in here.
. selling me on why Zac Efron is gorgeous. Puke.
Never mind
I'm good , just working the usual ! Exhausted thou
Curt Ellis: Iowa breadbasket communities in many case are food deserts
We can help you, we have a team of structural engineers and work in newcastle
yes of course he even leaves his clone number after he leaves damn he made alot of them!!!
....getting boring but LHH, no ma'am. HANDS OFF!!!! lol
that's my fave! :(
lol I told you yo stop makin out with your dog
I want a.new texting.buddie will,you be my.new.texting Buddie
Good choice...
There's a bunch of accidents this morning. Not giving a shit about people makes it really hard to deal with them all, but we'll do our best.
Has anyone else tried the MiOEnergy water enhancers?
Somebody help ma
The 80's called. Wrong number...
In our time it was rare to find a group of young men working so rapidly to develop themselves.
dont try & flex on me wen u kno damn right id take ya fuckin head off if i seen ya bitch ass in person lol
If you're gunna talk shit, say it to my face, cunt.
The benefits of a professionally installed epoxy garage floor are immeasurable. 480-488-1651
I already have the dvr set to tape it. :)
i want to be in a really bad zombie movie
My parents are going to L.A. And I'm going to school.
we can.
GAME DAY!
Receive 15% off of your next painting project! Just ask me how! W.yourpaint.org
RT Hope u get a chance 2 read this but can u hook me up with a few of Crookeds HHW acapellas? Im only missi...
And your dog scratched my fucking screen.
goin on 59 south so I can look @ 2 cars in the morning ....change coming
They don't see it as a war on women b/c they've been taught that it's God's will that men rule women. Very twisted.
the phone works both ways though...hit em up
Can't wait till Saturday cause I get to see perform at the KCA
“: Nope work...did I tell u im working?? RT : “: Lol u b forgettin about me (cont) http:// No Fake Ass
My house went on the market today. I go on the market tomorrow.
President Obama to hold press conference soon on the death of Osama Bin Laden.
Thanks for the mention Happy Friday!
Got kicked out of parking complex for skateboarding with some friends.
#nowplaying Love Me Tender by Elvis Presley.
Sorry for your loss, Tim.
The heartbreaking, frantic 9-1-1 call from Junior Seau's home is released.. and what happens to those left behind after a suicide.
thanks for the birthday wish! Awesome food again!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I recognize that the #confessionalcommercial is #sexist and VERY inappropriate and insulting
idk what to do with myself.
Thanks for all the rain reports!
Having fun Spinning outside to music with
And I didn't die! Not dying FTW!
JOE TORRE, EVERYONE
Thanks for the shout-out yesterday! Happy Friday!
If happily ever after does exist.
Hail is attacking my face.
Got my thinking cap on...
Are you still doing your yoga everyday? I just started again and now can't remember why I stopped. Still loving child's pose.
DC shows just announced for BOTH Das Racist and Wire! Time to move back!
I said I'm puerto rican I don't work ! Prendelo prendelo prendelo !
Thank you. I have had several powerful women today tell me how they do it. Thanks
omg you're on a roll today 👌😂
I have no idea who those people are, but yes!
Thanks for the RT. Are boomers serial entrepreneurs?
I pray that i can get a job soon so I can have some money to put away and to spend.
is home early!
Add A Rod being on line to be the final out in an elimination game to your car chase and no hitter list.
Win. Just win.
Straightening my hair for tomorrows interview for Pershing..
GOOD LUCK TO MY MAIN MAN BEST FRIEND WHO IS REGULATING IN OMAHA THIS WEEKEND AT BERKSHIRE-HATHAWAY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING
What a catch, what a catch.
Have you seen Detachment? Makes me want to hug a teacher.
A client complained how his failures weren't his fault. I said A strong man acknowledges his weaknesses, a weak man denies them. Good stuff!
You Don't Like Me ? Get In Line Wit The Otha Bitch STiLL Waitin For Me To Give A Fuck !
I haven't been on this account to much I started up a PA account on here is
Please follow me back:))?
SORRY HOES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK
true...u got me. lol
They should have consulted us and Jared White.
shoot me an email. . Thanks
