Big news announcement tomorrow! Stay tuned!
Baltimore was 3rd highest in Winter Classic ratings. :)
If a guy has a girlfriend, ladies it doesn't mean to still try to talk to him.
where's the pics from last night
miichelleBG CAN A BROTHA GET HOOKED UP WITH A BUY ONE GET ONE FREE AT LIL CAESARS. CRZY PIZZA THOUGH!
okay, are you coming back for game ? I was staying for you.
there's only like 19 days left of school, but yet we have a billion tests and still so much we haven't learned yet.
actually yes i did. it scared the crap out of me lol
Time to face a new week. Whats ur thought on dangerous children?, hunger games? More than meets the eye...
(3/3) better believe I will be going. So maybe we can all go together.
Alright Ohio Stadium let Penn State know how the country feels about them right now
rip that shit off
she's looking like she should be saying "oh" lol too cute!
"I'm troubled, I'm dissatisfied. I'm Irish." -Marianne Moore
how many libs follow up with students/researchers re: what they produced after uing materials? What a simple, wonderful idea!
WHAT PLANET WERE THESE REPUBLICANS ON?! There's never a time when American troops are NOT fighting oversees! MY GOODNESS
@ Followers add me on facebook:) or on my youtube,:)
Shout out to my new Follower... He is an Awsome person to follow... i got Mad Respect for him!!!
Reach up for the Sunrise! It is my ringtone
was in charge of the whole thing is now helping other players/teams, doesn't seem right to me. And I thought he was a lawyer.
note to self...never shower in parents bathroom....or you'll get stuck there. -_-
Joanne Rose is a confirmed speaker at the LA Web Fest 2011. Dates: March 25 - 27. www.lawebfest.com
I LOVE #SodaPop ;-)
- last day in the office this year!
I am seriously the only girl who finds wearing a ponytail on her wrist uncomfortable
FINALLY watching the last two episodes of
hey are you going to winter music conference?
Ok here we go. Like A Prayer. So much more relieved now that M.I.A. dropped the pom-poms.
I'll take ya girl,kidnap her! Beat her to my mattress!
blakk people b piss me off on family feud
I just finished a 1.63 km run with a time of 08:47 with Nike+ GPS.
Off to Salisbury for the third MD legislative preview.
Heey! Thank you very much!! I love your default picture, by the way! ;)
Ideas are a dime a dozen, execution is priceless.
Two random political thoughts: 1) I don't see how Dems can raise comparable SuperPAC money. 2) What woman will possibly vote GOP in 2012?
Is there goingto be another #MaximumBeadle today?
Happy Valentine's Day from everybody at the Daily Grill!
that was an actual song they played on the radio
How can she help??
Thanks much for the follow! Have a wonderful week!
yeahh ive been busy as hell lol but all is well thanks! getting cold tho... still up for that trade?! =p
thanks gorgeous!!!
i wish i could really hold a convo with <3
There is a special kind of language spoken by government IT employees. Trying to learn it as we speak.
Warm weather = sun dresses :)
Here's hoping the grocery store tomorrow is not like it was on Friday.
you are amazing!
13 mins left in the Second. The Bulls are not keeping as much pressure as they were at the start. UNM is getting some chances.
Today my former showbiz world collided with my anthropological sphere and it was *really* interesting ... I could get used to this :)
i have a headache because my brother took a stack of paper plates today and punched my in the head with them
Hey you, how is school going? Am prepping to go back next year and want to hear how it's been for someone doing it now.
Going further, gifting seasoned dutch oven for indentation ...
Purple Rain
Let's win this- ASS FIRST BITCH!
No sweat. It happens.
I mean I actually know you so it wouldn't be considered "thirst" u feel me lol
#ThingsICantLiveWithout A well-made suit jacket.
hey Jamie
Win a free boardgame! The best stock market joke or comic submitted monthly will get the new www.StockMarketTheGame.com. Must live in U.S.
Yes she did.
I didn't say false imprisonment WAS news and I am well aware of those facts.
Carter joins the fun, as Kings score again. LA 3 STL 0.
really cute! I need new make-up bags. Great gift idea too! #ValentinesDay cc
your gonna be on radio disney tonight?? NO! y u do this?:(
alright Fasho cuzo! How the family doing?
I don't think I can even do mine because I left stuff on it for too long.
you need to be my good luck charm!
“: everyone you meet is afraid of something, has lost something, and loves something” I'm afraid of losing something I love
Thank you!
Finally I can tweet. Wasn't able to tweet all day.
Did you know that "Jessica Sanchez" is trending right now? It's a total hussy WITH YOUR NAME. Sic 'er!
yeah it's just like iphone apps on the 4 before they all updated for retina...
: Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event #idgaf!
Good thing about traffic jams? Plenty of time to charge your phone!
"Recorded Future" is a third generation search engine that goes beneath metadata for its results.
": Kanye taught me, not only is HAM delicious, but you can go it!"
Tom Ashbrook back on ON POINT RADIO = the world is back in order! He is the greatest voice on radio... or anywhere else!
Hey Ram. Good to see you on Twitter!
will be joininh us in
Surprisingly easy. :)
when You comin back? Evs going home fpr good on friday
1 final left:/
Halloween is coming up quick, get that special someone a candy flower arrangement from us to make the day extra special!
OK, just don't overdo it. Remember what happened to Becks! :-D ... I'm not exactly sure but I think I overstretched it
How many Heart Attack Grill casualties is that? I've lost count.
I do weekly market shopping trips for 3 people, why does it seem like others shop for an entire year and for a family of 10?
Who do you mean?
Game 7, go hard or go home, no tomorrows in the playoffs
Joe de Bruyn is what is wrong with Australia. He sounds like Tony Abbott and wants to march this great nation back to 1920.
Happy Birthday to have a great one :) and lots of fun (:
interesting. I don't get why they keep making the same movies.
awesome! Personally wasn't involved but hear it is cleared up.
Signs your date is going well.
I need my bed. Headache. Nite nite :-)
I'm No Beauty Queen , I'm Just Beautiful Me !
Ohai ! Hanging in Cap Hill for Seattle's #Python shindig
So many good movies come out today i really want to see Red Tails!!!
away with u, jackass
Guess what I'm doing 💩
if I come within a 100 ft radius of achohol I'm gonba barf
"every time you close your eyes (lies, lies)" - The Arcade Fire, Rebellion
I am missing our good friend Cotten Stone. Know her so well.
Housing is much more fun than I thought. Dancing can change your battle strategies ;D
I'm catching up on the game episodes lol
Thank you, Nita! Look forward to it...
I always get what I want
haha i did the samee thing!!
Thank you! We did, it was wonderful.
Auditions after auditions that's what I want my life to be busy. Never taking along break. Always following my dreams
but also indicates that one can't even be bothered to insult (cf: "You're so so lame, and no one here even mentions your name")
HOLY SHIT! That's terrible, so sad. The lady taping it told her to stop. Why not stop recording the video and hit her?!
Virtual Hug*** If that helps
Thanks Ebony for the re-followed. Have a great weekend.
5 finals in 4 days....could be worse.
thats good man lol. only a Packer fan could have a room like this. Thats insane you get to go to Bishops camp man
RT : Best lunch ever! pulled pork sandwich was so delicious and a burger with brisket on top thats some
Have you read the novels of ? GREAT stuff!
my dad said I can come. So ill see you guys Saturday in school...
its ok hahahah i always come on here trying to promotee us but then i always get into silly convos hahaha
gOING TO GO WATCH JUSTIN BIEBER ON DVD PEACE TWITTER ;P
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Anything from "In Love and Death"
Stay up-to-date! To sign up for the Poetry Center's monthly education newsletter, DM us with your e-mail address
Lollapalooza, North Coast, and Loops and Variations are all set in to place! This Chicago summer is gunna be just fantastic! #LoveIt!
Are you serious. Lmao. If I was Keshia I would have been saying bitch you come on and touch me not the other way round. Kmsl.
Thanks for the RTs this weekend
RT : Intention defines outcome.Don't believe me? Look at your own life.
Trayvon Martin's killer George Z. arrested & charged with 2nd degree murder and is in custody.according to the Associated Press
This class was a waste..
Go big or go home
I've never been a Tito fan, but was I ever happy to see him win and celebrate tonight. Score one for the old guard.
I need to stop cursing so much
I'm DPing a comedy in a few wks & my director wants me to watch "New Girl" Im in manic pixie dream girl hell. #I'veGougedOutMyLeftEyeAlready
You know what really grinds my gears... snow that goes away overnight
hello brother!
Lucky you - it was delicious!
Love Direct TV, but not right now. and I are going to miss our shows because of the storm.
Don't hate the player nor the game. Hate yourself for not being a factor.
I'm home, but not yet for good. Have a month and a bit left
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 3
was that English?
You sent me a message guys but you are not following me so I can respond back ... Scion Social Media team, follow back, please...
hole in one, motherfucker. eat that. *tink tink* right off the flag pole. win.
There's a room full of niggas, what you following me for ..
Will women ever stop slotting themselves into the characters of Sex and the City? Currently, someone is insisting I am Carrie...
Clutch goal for the US before end of the 2nd period. Can't lose to Belarus.
Mine is fucking up too.
u have to follow me first, u can't direct message people who don't follow u.
I voted no on HB 5005 when it come through Economic Affairs Committee. Thanks for your support-keep making your voice heard!
Check us out at #interop anytime this week in booth #1117 for a chance to win our grand prize Ducati!
Laughter is inner jogging. - Norman Cousins We should all do more of that :-) Happy Friday!
TOHHHHHTALLY WORTH IT!!!!! It's like Freedom! ;)
Now you're talking. That's the best name I've heard yet.
no, just following from my office –would be great if some of the sessions could be upstreamed
That's what i mean! It was quite a shocker to see a line
TY for the RT on #internpro! Now following. Setting up a GenY panel for a new project.Would you be interested?
um YUM! Seriously. Yum. I'm thirsty now.. and I think my lips are chapped. ;)
Pool and beer. Yay!
what's good bro bro? In the city trying to get on, raising my daughter and learning.
Absolutely breathtaking view of thunder from the 11th floor of UTA!
OMG THOSE PEOPLE ARE EFFiN CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!
Is It Raining In Milwaukee?
Thanks, Glee!
IT BETTER NOT >:| #crushedsoul . They're literally one of my favorite bands.
He's right about state funding, though; for the 08 FY, GMU got 140.5 million from the VA general fund. In 09, it dropped to 118.2 million.
I'LL MAKE HIM
Newsflash: Jumping rope hurts my balls.
I hate my internet 4real bruh
I'm in such a giddy mood right now and don't want it to end
Reading tweets from #saa11 and wishing I was there. Next year, , next year!
Welcome to twitter....about time you plied us with your musings.
Thank you very much for the follow on Twitter
It's that awkward moment when you're on a different plane than anyone else moment.
Spring is around the corner! Need a good spring cleaning? How about a detox? Contact me to set up a free initial consult!
I believe Innsbruck, Austria.
Private Love by Delyno ft LooLoo # greatest song ever! #
Aren't crystal and Jeremy on the schedule for tomorrow? Or are you just stopping up?
I HAVE A QUESTION
how are you
look forward to catching up next time!
Ha yup!
let's do it- I cannot wait! Topic opportunities abound....
We have our winners! Check your direct messages to see if you won.
Thank you, Titanic 3D, for making me obsessed with Leo all over again.
Exciting things happening here tonight! The LoveBomb Go-Go Marching Band is coming around 9pm! Join us for some comfort food and music!
Set fire to the rain.
Random fact: If it wasn't for music I would have shot up my high school. Scary but true.
looks like your wish has been granted!
that's just a bunch of malarkey
You should get in touch with our friends they are great people and great bakers!
Making my do not forget list for Boston.
Long, rockin weekend. Back to the grind at midnight.
Reveal yourself, tiny songstress!
I don't need her lord knows ion need her
really digging your twitter profile pic . Is there about to be a #Scandal? LOL
I thought so! I love your stuff! I might have to blog about it! :)
I hate the way the announcers say his name, too -- Poon-to.
Sorry no response when you Tweeted. I know Judge Wiggins, and I read the articles. Msg me 2 discuss if you like.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high and we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it. - Michelangelo
RT A lot of brides want to get married on 10-10-10 a note to future brides: 11-11-11 will probably fill up quickly too! lol
mines on Saturday!!!
#Verizon & #ATT really have not hired some smart pricing economists to do their usage based pricing schemes?
Wow Urban Noise fest is tomorrow at Brooklyn Bowl!! What the hell am I gonna wear!?!
Just had an earthquake in Long Beach! House shook hard...no damage apparent though. Scared us for sure!
= A political JOKE! Two Truths by Obama on economy & you rate HALF-true? Then, with all going "LOL," U correct to 3/4? Really?
Rather than saying fudge, my professor chooses to say "God bless America...or Texas"...Loving my Nonprofit Management and Leadership class
I thought no one was suppose to know !
Stayed home cuz I thought it might snow ;)
Got some at the Banff Mtn Film Festival over the weekend, looking forward to giving it a try.
The saints didnt actually injure anymore folks than the average team. An veteren players on all teams offer to pay the fines of teammates.
S/O to everybody thats Graduating High School/College
Lonely up in 460
Why did i ever let you go?:/
Columbus-based Middle West Spirits' OYO Whiskey & Vodkas are now in the Washington, DC market! They just keep on growing!
Yeah, this is her GIF that Alli liked on GIFboom (:
Treat yourself at Tipsy Salon & Spa and earn 20% #cashback with your purchase of $60 or more! That's a
thats why i like the summer, lots of heat.....
Why did they have to start construction on Capitol when I decided to be over here everyday? BS
Someday I'll find a balance between tweeting for work and personal tweets, but for now, find me during the day and !
Friday the 13th? ;o
Yo I definitely know that feeling homie. RT : If it ain't one thing....... its another.
Its funny how and i are sitting right next to eachother and were talking to eachother over twitter
Just because today is mothers day doesn't mean you should treat your mom special today, you should treat her special every day!
The best way to get even is to forget- InSpotter mobile app
It would be cool if Rosetta Stone had a course for common business terms or something along those lines....
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Please RT our previous two messages to spread the word! Thanks!
- genius is often misinterpreted as lunacy. Patriot!
Sexy thunderstorm... *Drake* damn... damn.
No test today c:. Cant wait to get out at 11.
Eating lunch in my office because, after 4 years of working in archives, I can do that.
does anyone use hotmail and find it crashing all the time?
Got a temporary crown on my tooth today. This is a first for me, and it kinda hurts.
Need ID'd by USDAs J. Stiener in #feed9b discussion daunting - need to produce 21 bil gal of non-corn based biofuel. Requiring 29 mil acres!
great hike this morning up sunrise mountain. Getting ready for hike this week with
All I have to say is that Josie tore up the dance floor, and I have 300+ pictures. Congrats to my brother-in-law and his new wife.
I can't stop watching 30 Rock.
(AP) -- Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary
#pissed twitter isn't loading. Can't see anything....
Top 3 movies of all time?
“: Memo to my Grandmother - don't even THINK of doing cartwheels. #Superbowl”
If another singer uses the words changing and rearranging in a song again I swear.....
My screenplay for "The Homecoming" was recently made an Official Selection of the Queens Int'l Film Festival screenplay competition!
black & white diamonds, fuck segregation !
Wasn't she the cutest baby!? She has grown up SO fast! Her Daddy said we could get another one! WOOHOO!
Turning the corner on this ear ache. Recovery is as challenging as the onset though: re-pressurization is brutally uneven.
I know! I love it
Wow! Lucky you! Do they perform a lot over there?
what up guys
amen. What are people so busy doing after work that they can't clip them at home?!
no no i know what you meant but i was just saying haha
Ethan is definately on my prayer list!
well we better be catching up soon! Come to BSU studios tm night when we're recording
Have been sitting on beginner's chords for so long... Must Get Rocksmith in the fall. Time to get electric!
What are these shots?
Tonight at the grange in DE with bright and early run for it and me equals you show at 6 10 bucks be there
good luck #vineyardvines with the #hingham #derbystreet opening, so excited for all of you!
hey did u find ur camera?
It will be. I took a pic and put it on FB and am proud of it. I was only STH with guts to write. Good thing I'm a jounalist.
Members of the public shouldnt take lightly the potential effects of emotional abuse in childhood or in any life stage.
There are so many things wrong with bacon. But so many things that are right.
hello (: I am mentioning you.
We don't need someone to eliminate the debt if we have someone in office who can literally consume it. Chris Cristie
:( sorry to hear that
‘The Avengers’: Chris Hemsworth Interview and New Photo Gallery via
Anthony Davis, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Harrison Barnes, McAdoo, all here.
When's the last time you saw a movie in the theater?
one song can bring a person into your mind so fast its unbelievable.
Haven't learned about anyone I work with leaving their job via Facebook or Twitter this morning. Hope I'm not missing anything!
Placed in platinum league! Now to begin a lengthy losing streak...
is Mary Hall Surface on Twitter?
Leggo im ready to go
You have a new follower in me! Excellent insight.
Me and Keaton just Chillen in the bed
lol yes she is :) cause she told me
Last tweet!!!<3
I guess my dress is inappropriate for all these older pp.....so what! #crosses legs*
Hey Jack!...guess folks tending to their Momma's..have a great one..
fighting for a Council Seat Washington Post...
DOPE beat on "broads" man!
Sitting , looking at the early morning light in my sons face ...he reminds me of the Stay Puft Marshmallow man.
Back to the music check us out soon on reverbnation... the CD bout to be flooding the city too... Free... B.O.D. V2.0 & the new Black Book
She is terrific! I'll be tweeting tonight under the handle 4 bcast of & Follow
will you ever notice me? <3
#FollowYou Can't wait!! it's gonna be amazing as always <21
yes we see what you tweet but you dont see what we tweet whenwe tweet you lfmaoo.
Its is still crazy to think back a 150 years when there was no instant communication. We are spoiled
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it. John Naisbitt
“Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life. You don't have to live forever. You just have to live." (Tuck Everlasting)
GM Mike, Again I have to say Great show this past Sunday.
I just need to wake up
Long day! But thank goodness I got what I need to be done!
Alas, he's the only preschooler in the neighborhood. But, his older brother can be a bit thuggish.
i wish there were more guys like the best<3
I am SO excited for the new episodes coming soon!!!": : Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. Enjoy! #StorageWars"
What's a formspring? Should I already know this? I can be slow...
Or how about a toad-in-the-hole!
O Vegas...... How I've missed your pretty face.
So sleepy, not even 10
Sweet Dreams Love
Ugh! I should have sent that chandelier pic to the Patent Office after all.
RT if you know what's good for you. Speaking of... is on CP Short List, TribLive Tickets, and WYEP on air announcements! Get there.
Thanks Good evening
according to I am influential about the following three things: brand management, microsoft and china. i had no idea.
Happy record store day! Come by the ZIA RECORD tents and get exclusives from WMG artists!
I must have those shoes.
Porcello is giving them the biznazz!
:( I'd take the day off, but I have a big Friday deadline.
Going to 's concert Oct.29TH! Cant wait!!(:♥
Positive thinking 🙏
The Scarsdale Public Library was great. I loved to browse the young adult stacks, until I stumbled upon a man masturbating.
My story is still being inked!
Keep pushing and keep moving forward. You are one person away from where you are trying to go.
Yeah they're great!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that saying I'm a the German word for potato as loud as you can is fun
I need a battery cover like asap
I'm sure since your wife had the baby, she wasn't feeling it anyway. Why not work on your batting I say!
DM me the
Self published author help get the word out on blood drain angel's story pleasse RT info on profile or @ facebook.comaprilrenamooreauthor TY
Broadway Jeremy Lin taking over New York. Knicks learning how to win. This winter is shaping up to be a special one at the Garden.
“: Did you know that the human body cannot make #omega-3 fats on its own? We must get them through food or #supplements.”
ceta is nice and quiet right now....but not for long!!!!
and we are super proud of you justin
Like duh!! Change ur password to something more other than iLoveBrandon ;) that's so hackable RT you got hacked yo!
• Cub fans are adorable, because there's no such thing as a fair-weather Cubs fan!
#acozarks Arts Center of the Ozarks. Where you need to be the first Thursday in may. Catch the Fay and Zoller openings.
Joe Biden's 2016 presidential bid gets a boost. From goat to hero in 3 days (at least on the left).
thenn we gots to have a chat soon then :)
Where is at??
Bout to eat :)
It's 8:00 already.. Wtf?! Where have I been...
#ItSeemsLike I'm a rich bitch. In reality, I'm just a lucky girl blessed with parents who went through college to have a better future.
“You miss 100% of the shots you never take
Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb, a great big expression of happiness
it's shitty out but snow should be melted by game time. See you there!
thanks for the RTs!
Sometimes things don't work out how you want them to.
I didn't realize that NHL refs get to be baseball umpires during their time off
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
REAL TALK GIRL! Lol RT": I look amazing naked. Real talk."
Crowdsourcing - it's the new black.
Yeah. I've had my moments of terror. But once I check my closets, I feel better. That or I cower in the corner with a knife.
When people use good and well incorrectly I naturally correct them in my head. Bad habit.
what would happen if I reached out for you.
Sup twitter bros
So, is anyone looking for a roommate?
Wow. We can't believe how quickly the time has gone by. It is nearly New Year's! What are your plans for the holidays?
Thanks for the bday shout out my dude!
Baltimore 's Little Italy community have restaurants opened on Christmas Eve for the feast of the 7 fishes!
If you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to
Just Tapped: Russian River/Avery "Collaboration Not Litigation".
thank you so much!
I laugh in the face of ignorance
lol,that's your opinion. almost every guy think the same for guy singers at our age.
Retweet this to your followers? And we are so glad you did! #180voices180stories RT It's my day to blog!
you're very welcome as always my friend :)
11 years after graduating from , I'm brainstorming on datasets for the student projects.
Big bang theory is such a funny show
DailyHookahTip#66: Check out the new washable hoses , less than $10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
haha its ok. She's washing it tonight =)
C'mon Kobe's ego... you know you should try better 2 establish Gasol & Bynum anyway... Prob would've done that if u weren't sick.
When you skip your math homework to go play in the park in the sun... Fell of the swing and cut my knee #karma'sAB****
If we can now send a man to the moon, why not send all of them?
I don't care for Budweiser but there's something about those Clydesdales that makes me happy. And history themed
Assembly amends and passes both #familycare bills
I hope me and you can be friends someday, as of now we need to take time to heal from this. I just hope it didn't have to end like this.
Have a good laugh! Wrote A few words to "JUST IN TIME" to express my thanks to Congress The video is on my Facebook page mrsingfranktony
--lady taking the picture was retarded so it came out all demented. Would you edit it if I sent it to you? Xoxoxoxo
Yall are boring me -_- need more answers on the questions 2 entertain myself. lets do it this way,a S/O for anyone who answers the questions
Off to boardman probation 👍
If you do something "white" it's not considered cool. Unless it is at a job interview.
Who lives in ARIZONA ?
ok good thanks 😊
RT : Way cool...just spotted a hummingbird nest in one of our Luquidambar trees.
#NewOrleansMascotShouldBe a Popeye's bourbon chicken, cause that will #ComeOutToPlay 24/7, unlike the Hornets
Watching #Titanic. This movie never gets old!
Moonwalking into jail because you're a smooth criminal.
Follow me !! :D
playing wii bowling with and her family and her french exchange student, lol,
will be having auditions for his film Blurred Vision on Monday, May 24, 2010 from 7-10 p.m. at M.I.U.A.D., 1501 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Rosales, Humberto, YOHANNES, RACHEL and Cole Washington!
Hair pulling, ass grabbing, rough riding>>
Tune in now and watch Sachin and Martha cook at 10AM on hallmark channel!
What it do pimpin? Hope GOD watchin over ya and keepin these haters at least 50ft from a pimp. M-TOWN 4 LIFE. PLAYBOY!!!!
Damn lost all 3 bets for nba playoffs and a bunch of blind plo flips... had spurs, okc, and Portland moneylines. I'm prob a fish
HA! way to make all the valet parkers feel guilty!
The Bonus Track #18, I Fux Witit... Love The Mixtape! Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday.... LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Having a blast w at cousins quince 🍻🍻
"drummer Omar <> suffered what M*** called a 'self-induced health-related concern' that made him unable to perform with the band."
Goodnight Guys :)
I want a sonic slushy so bad!
Can you learn me to dancing ? =D
had the doritos tacos at SXSW. It tasted like eating pure sodium :/
Anyone got any recommendations for beach books?
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5.. do you have any pictures of the accident you could send us? Thanks
A new release is on it;'s way!
that's wrong in so many ways
Rise and grind!!!! lol I know I'm not the only one that just woke up lol
RT : Delmon Young belts a solo home run in his first at-bat with the Tigers!! Tigers lead 1-0 in the first inning.
thank you very much, i could not have done it without you.
My stomach pains... <
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Tweeting!! And watching TV.
Thomas Kinkade died. I bet his soul is resting in a little glowing cottage in a painting in a mall somewhere.
Thanks for the RT :) - this is a great chat! My first one.
Followed me on instagram. Life complete.
Thanks for the Envision mention!
I love you to.<3
yes yes yes yes <3
Completely gave up on choir...
Good mooring Twitter friends.
now only if your vagina tweet was an original. has to stay celibate or we won't get any more songs like Alejandro. FHL
Farmers tan from lax equipment >>>
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Do you actually mean what you say or is this just one of your games.
yep n forest fires n hurricanes
But I like herpes.
I like when my sport overruns class. I mean, Bummer.
I think it was a long time ago too.
shout out!
I want to know her hairstyling routine. It doesn't move!
"The future depends on what we do in the present." - Mahatma Gandhi
Happy Friday the 13th!!! #FF LOVE THESE PEEPS!
“: Many have asked about…AI, ML&DB…is a full load for a Stanford Masters student. We suggest trying it!” < rest of my 2011 playtime
thank you again for the invite to the show today! Great band, awesome people :)
If friends only talk to you when they need something
Today is the birthday of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, Class of 1838. via
A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service: all you do is play games
Sure: could you come up with a specific title/topic + blurb/reading list for the site?
Tlcfree2beme/put a few celebrity sub stories behind yours and you can sell it:-)
Dedicating my whole life to music and discus
camp ramapo is a wonderful camp....you'll love it!
Oh my fucking god, this girl private part stuff is disgusting. >_<
We hope all the moms out there had a well deserved weekend full of fun, hugs, and relaxation!
yeahh! Didnt think about it bc i turn on tv immediately! Thanks!!
#momquotes: Mom "If your friends jump off a bridge, would you?" Me "Why would any of my friends jump off a bridge, Mom?"
I just need one of those hugs right now.
KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN BIG HOMIE!!!!!!!!!SALUTE 2 U......
The Washington Highlands Interim Library closes Saturday to prepare for the opening of YOUR new library June 13! Can you tell we're excited?
Just heard one of the most inspirational woman speak at the YWCA Luncheon; Ashley Judd!! What an incredible human being!!
Social take a back seat to search for purchase decisions.
": To The only women who has my unconditional love no matter what My momma I love you!!!!" #cosign and well said
That's what she said.
Hop Crisis is chock-full of that lip-smacking hop goodness!
iight then bet
Can't wait to see how faithful Tebow Mania is now that Denver has a real QB!
BORN ready man! See you soon :)
Valencia County Deputies investigating dead man found near Monterrey & Manzano Expressway near Los Lunas, #NM. Story on News 13 at 530.
Thanks for the follow. You do have a great day and a productive one.
No worries lovely :)
thank you for the info I will be sure to check that out. When u find the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
help me with my religious studies revision then please! i have my exam tomorrow :( xx
Lol aw thanks girl!! :* RT : #FF , she's mad pretty and her dimples are a mile deep :)
“: On the tele-seminar with & ! #REDXTS” [it was a great call, thanks Michelle and Sue]
Clouds with a decent chance of rain & storms in the afternoon. Strong warming as temps will reach into the mid 80's.
I concur! Srsly needs to wake the place up next year - maybe Emma Stone hosts?
Lmao!!!!!!! ": Harry Potter will always be in my heart, no matter what happens. ♥"
drink more water. I always try to do this and end up with another cup of coffee on my desk. guess I shall go get some...er um water that is
Huh, interesting. I'll try to make a trip to see that. Thanks!
Oh wow. Yes, that's horrible.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry .. LMFAO!
Thats what you do on your free time? Cool. RT : I just called someone a loser on fb and they gave it the thumbs up. I give up.
yea the earbuds wit the red wires.
Beef teriyaki and salads :)
Look trick phuck u and ur twitter. . .ur officially being Unfollowed now.
rapid fire DM back to you! Sorry but had a lot to say!
only thing missing is the pool, DA POOL
It's 3am and I called room service to bring me a DVD player
RT : "There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life." -- Frank Zappa <---Truth
Think not just about what Christ gave, but what He gave up in order to be our Savior. What will you "give up" for the sake of someone else?
Really great coffee. Has just the right balance for me.
Two notes on sweet endings: 1) nothing quite like Nutty Bars and 2) weekend accomplishment = finishing #MadMen, hurray!
Thnx 4 the shout out. We are nearing the 50 mark & the day is just starting. Come on #innotech lets donate those old cell phones
Excited about our CSL Directory Project with - improved site to come!
I am tired of being fooled ,I was going to vote 4 Sen JOHN EDWARDS a Dem ,N.C.hoW STUPID IS i?
gas is expensive so you best believe I'm getting my money's worth :x
I feel bad for because he's bored at my house. Anybody want to hangout?
i dont talk to you because you're bored
Hey all you new followers!!!
I broke down and joined Pinterest yesterday. Just what I need something else to get addicted to online.
are always talking behind their back an talking shit. Get over your ego trip. You always have to be the center of attention you
Love God first & watch the pieces of your life fall right into place.
Blues will beat down Nucks in playoffs!
ah the
It was sad at the airport :(
Just read your final column. I always enjoyed reading your stuff. Good luck to you. A true loss for the Journal Sentinel.
Use Sunday night to prepare for the success of the coming week.
Keep it real
- Badass. More of this please. This is such a necessary component to Chicago's growth in the tech segment. Good stuff.
Dude dress down to his but that's entirely too long
such a good movie
Every man takes the limits of his own vision to be the limits of the world - Arthur Schopenhauer.
I can't believe I'm drinking Heineken in a can. Thanks neighbor
right at 12 o' clock last night school became a lot more hectic
Are you people coming back to today ?
I love you 2 death Dylan, but idk what 2 do. Ever sense we kissed, youve acted diffErent
ever notice the V for vendetta tattoo J-Rich has on his shoulder? Haha
A pleasure and ditto! RT Well thanks. We hope we will be seeing more of you!
#Baltimore Baseball Tonight on now Talking #Homerpartyattheyard. #Orioles taking it to
Everything I touch turns to mine.
That used to be my bar! Lived a block up the street from there two years ago.
hello there my friend!
#blackberrysucks! yeah iPhone!
You know, our big girl Electra loves roaches.
Oh my goodness. Is that where you're working today?
Im so in the mood for a good
outstanding, thanks for responding & letting me know. Luke hit a big dagger 3 for Cavs last night, looks like he's settling in
I really hate the fact that I am painfully awkward with people
Certainly seems to be seeing network effects on a new scale
I'm currently working on a few last minute changes to the new profile which launches this week. It's going to be really cool.
Awesome game!
Everything that you have ever wanted in life is close to you merely waiting for you to recognize it
OH: "Of course, there are the people who still don't HAVE a CMS." Sigh.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is currently at Libertarian Party meeting here in Fort Myers, Fla listening
Lol this negro finally got me my money..i was finna make a call.
Done... and done!
You don't want mine! haha I can check around for ya?
Text your bf/gf if you're in a fight. You're tweets back & forth saying how mad you are are doing nothing but pissing me off.
Had a parent say to me this morning "I see u everywhere watching your players." As I told him that's the point. Care will take u a long way
Attention friends and followers! I have changed my handle to #thekatekennedy Get into it.
Gonna back him up on this, He could've gone much worse. In fact, I expected it... so now, I am disappoint.
I am not as much as I should be but trying to find out if I can volunteer at ASL!
Randomly: I wonder if there are any bad puns on Latin mandere/mandāre. There deffo should be.
agreed, and I bet they will.
For my mom this morning I hugged her tight & sang to her saying "Happy Mother's Day to ya" then says "your hott get off of me" hahahaha lol
One never knows what each day is going to bring. The important thing is to be open and ready for it.
That trip to Chicago was supposed to make me rejuvenated and all it did was make me more antsy. Not to worry, its a good thing :)
Called strike 3 on Pedro not even close to a strike.
Wow can't believe Bama's BCS trophy got shattered.
aww thanks and i hope you have a great week 2 :)
EVERYONE TWEET to try to get his help to change 's mind !! She tryin to commit suicide!
Man The Hunger Games was epic, but a tad disappointing it left out a lot of detail
How tropolones synthesized in fungi: 70-year-old chemical mystery solved
maybe it will grow on you. Wishful thinking right?
RT : Grab some pine meat! Are you eating from the bark of a pine tree?
Bill stands for personal responsibility, and spending less than what is taken in. Vote for responsible government November 8
little jimmy delagotti (spelling?)
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
I am super excited! I am currently looking for a place to live in Nashville, TN.
I always think of Louis whenever Look After You comes on shuffle. ☺
- most underrated golf area in the world.
Hit me with a MENTION
Finna go make me a sausage egg, and cheese bagel! ftw
It's always darkest [I'm drunk] before the dawn [there's a cop staking out my car]. #TrueTweet?
Last thought of the day R.I.P. #junior #55 will be remembered as one of the best LB ever thoughts go out to his family
Gummy bears and Cava...yep, it's the #Oscars!
I want to be the activist investor of the 21st century. Icahn's day has come and gone. It's our turn now
Oh, see if Newt Gingrich were President, not only could children be janitors, but musicians as well!
haha you should (: and OMG cool ! Hoe old r uu ?
Wearing my white hot heat gear, playoffs are finally here !
for real crazy weather it was in the 60s in atl. I'm not complaining at all to be 45 in mpls for the winter.
Surround urself w/ people who know ur worth. U don't need too many ppl to be happy, just a few real ones who appreciate u for who u are
- I've seen all of her concerts. She is amazing. No one does it better.
These Bitches Is Wack . ( Dusting My Hands Off )
Lol she's sleeping right now
Just got the best tip for the day: "You can't give out great advice, and not listen to yourself."
#nowlistening #mm "Please Do Not Let Me Go" - contemplative singer-songwriter at its best.
I loved it<#3333 please tweet me
The shit annoys TF outta me!
on our way to a posada
Headed to my alma mater Howard University for homecoming tomorrow! Can't wait!
you assumed correctly
Just after 5am and have been in traffic for 20 minutes - suppose that could bode well for attendance today for
I just can't take any guy that only listen to rap seriously.... Have some diversity!
Only for the most hard core of fitness/cured meat enthusiasts. No amateurs.
Ok, ready to be back in CA
These old guys are ridiculously adorable.
wanna be an ambassador for the largest campaign against human trafficking ever? (legit request)
That obnoxious couple doesnt make me want an ATT phone. It makes me want to watch as they're eaten by hyenas. #just wrong
What show are you going to be on soon.
nice bunny!
The National Museum of the American People will tell the story of all Americans who came to this land and nation!
wonderful! Make sure to introduce yourself...
Had a delicious protein shake <3
Black lightsaber of death & destruction RT : Clint Dempsey.......Jedi Knight? What color do you think his lightsaber would be?
I'm getting sick :(, can you help me feel better? :(
interesting! I wonder what it's about? :)
oh wow lol
Dude let's do it!
No dinner tonight.
*facepalm* You'd think I learned from the whole Lar... I mean, “He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named” experience...Terrible.
Hi Sarah, thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
life at it's best'
Mum wants to take us to see Rizzle Kicks, its a day before your birthday so its like a little treat for you
Wow. The new site looks fantastic. Was that an in-house job?
I love seeing ish like this. {RT : Holy shit. Cincinnati is an awesome city!
Today's gift card winner is Abby Litkenhous. Congratulations!
Please stop just tweeting all these depressing stats and give some solutions.
What does Britain's Got Talent and Politicial affiliation have to do with each other?
Sending good thoughts. Hugs to you.
muthafucker can't stand the ground i walk on?! how bout that?! i should motivate u to get some act-right bitch!!!
“Above all, I’m taking the shield of faith, with which I shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.” - Ephesians 6:16
boy u got my heart beat runnin away
Thanks Lydia:) how are the girls?
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Not watching the game, but enjoying my Twitter-feed of fabulous feminists calling out the predictably sexist Super Bowl ads.
Now you're just somebody I used to know - Gotye
New book released 6/26: “Wait – The Art & Science of Delay” by my friend & country’s most respected observer of legal behavior & finance.
will you come to Nashville. You have tons of fans here!!
and my brother driving like somebody damn grandfather we ain't going never get home!
Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?
I need to lock myself in a cage or I'm never going to get everything done that I need to this week.
I poop my pants.
. They are taking the Discovery space shuttle to the Air&Space museum on top of a plane that is showing it around in the Nat Mall
Arabic test tomorrow.. I don't feel like studying ;/.
hey I need to get up with you on how you did your packet? I'm here at i106 lookin to move to the next level!
somehow I forgot this story involved bloody marys. Was this the polish drunk?
Sheila Colclasure Global Public Policy & Privacy Officer follows ED CIO comments on stewardship of data and policy imperatives
Joridel performing Live @ the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!! everyone in miami go show me love
Why must chocolate be so tempting? ...and expensive
Improved my triathlon time by 9 minutes. Only my second triathlon, first was less than a month ago!
Awesome! RT : Sounds great, I'm going to sign up for the Wimlink event too.
Datasoft... Worst name for a company ever. Le Stick. Worst name for a product made by Datasoft. Also, NEAT!
If HCR gets done - all credit in the world to Pelosi and Reid for staying with this. Especially Reid who has real tough reelect this year.
Great night - thanks for being amazing! See you soon.
whtis this for !?
A rigorous two day work week, then it's off to NY for #MUBB at the Big East tournament
Oh my goodness, I found out early today that the legendary Nate Dogg just passed away yesterday. Words can't express me now!
New album is AWESOME! Worth the wait!
at my friends house
Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back soon!
im going for ricky, lake:-)
says: DC Fire & EMS in full water rescue assignment - nothing found. Units back in service.
Evening of stimulation to the senses. Ended for me with Hollis Frampton. Loved it. #filmmakers coop
Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but you think the fact that everyone in the US is also entitled to an education would stop ignorant ...
Dessert: dark chocolate covered roasted almonds in Turbinado sugar & sea salt w/ an Old Waldorf's Last: 1 gin 1 cream 1 Orange Curaçao--up!
hey those are just good people trying to get from here to there…..unlike those loathsome pedestrians and bicyclists!
I was very productive today too!! Now just chillin at home rocking to AC
yes, follow and retweet Japanese baseball players
Did you take your wife to for Birthday Celebration. My gift to you is NOT singing!
thank you! Wish I were on the bus today...
Hootsuite!! Love it!!
UVM vs. Lamar in 30 minutes. Yes, it's technically a play-in game, but it's the game the tournament (for me).
Quick totally missed it though. Could do that a 1,000 times and not score.
RT : This weekend is Goes to the Dogs! SM staff dogs include Josie, Sam, Zero, Muldoon, Sully & Bodi.
Happy Mother's Day to All Mothers, Mommas, Baby-Mammas, G-Moms, Young Grand Mothers, and Step Mothers. You Are God's Blessing to All of Us.
op, I guess it was unattractive...I swear I remember her saying ugly....weird.
no doubt baby!
#wildwesley Dance Tonight @ 8pm!!! food too!!
I think I'm gettin sick 😥😷😣
sounds fun! Light, delicate body right?
"In EMILY'sFILES Adal #writes a view of the alterations of #time & #history in a #thriller that will keep you on the edge of your #ereader."
just got out of the theater a bit ago. It was awesome!
I feel ghetto today
Thank you !! Happy #FF!
your welcome!:)
Feel free to drop in and check us out anytime (and visit & Zig the Pig)!
That's funny- and I had exactly the same idea on the way over here!
Well said “: For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been'. -- John Greenleaf Whittier”
worse...or did you mean "better?"
hey happy wanted to get some records from you for a new artist we have, u have a contact?
Thinking about the right way to do Web API documentation. The REST API docs are one of the best examples I've seen.
“: Grateful to have the opportunity to help another human in need, especially around my favorite holiday. #thanksgiving” -> Yes! :)
doesn't matter I worked it out!
Watch U2 live from the Rose Bowl on 10/25 @ 8:30PM PT, www.youtube.com/u2
and rich niggas like me don't care about money! *hands 100's to the needy*
on the rail and wishing good fortune to in #wsop15 ! - Time for that bracelet! Take it down Allen!
It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular .
lol me too ! I didn't even knw how to do my pict
Devani is finally gettin her weave! Sucks that its raining....
If every guy was like Liam Payne, almost none of them would be single, just saying.
Crispy. Chicken. Bacon. Swiss.
I think your website is down :(
My mom taught me to read, as soon as she possibly could, using giant cards she hand-lettered in calligraphic red ink. Thanks, Mom!
I guess I'll force myself to sleep.
I haven't ever been so excited (no homo) about a rapper dropping an album before....hurry up and drop that son!!!
Headed out for my weekly lunch date with , always one of the highlights of my week! :D
To the woman at the #Liberty #Chipotle, god bless you for always knowing my order. It makes me feel that I'm at a burrito version of Cheers.
hey, mind shouting us out?
Yeah. Now u don't have to move ;) Guess younger voters & > educated also voted vs. it. And Asheville, of course.
Nice to meet you! down at SXSW, look forward to learning more about what you do. thanks for intro!
I think it's just called VACATION. The "family" is implied.
Getting ready for lights out hope a good amount of ppl join in
SO to on his visit @ Puget Sound
Good tip - when it comes to #contentstrategy, treat photography as being as important as copy.
Christmas sho Christmas sho Christmas sho rock!!! @ the tequila garage tomorrow!!!! 10pm!!!!
MY MOM HAS MY CAR I CAN'T GET THERE DUH
Inspired by #BL12. Gonna grab some water in a refillable bottle for #BritaChallenge and tomorrow. I will run Sara
Lately I been goin through life
Need to rethink searching - we need to think about how we can leverage the distrib. nature of the Internet
plus romney has talked about believing in christ
Trend 3: new media channels, where big brands will build out own media properties, "social cloud architecture" via
Someone has serious issues! #GROWUP RT : Just saw two grown men on one motorcycle...that's wrong in so many ways.
isn't on campus so would anyone like to give me a ride home???
Its funny how ppl who call themselves the hottest is barely lukewarm, and those who r the hottest never boast about it
It is on Fox.
did you guys drive through Toledo, Ohio?
Would feel much safer outside with my Australian Shepherds if they didn't try and hide between my legs because they are scared of wind.
thanks but no thanks
hey im great... hows poland these days?
Dedication: FREDERICO MARIN, Dad, we really miss you. Not a day goes by that we don't think about you! Love Lily Marin
Awesome! Thanks for the props!
Thanks to Mountain States Insurance Group for your support of KiteFest!!
It's better to have few true friends than lots of fake friends
#idRatherHave A few close, loyal friends instead of a lot of friends that ain't down for me.
Sleeping all day >>
I recommend everybody go follow she'll follow back, and she has the best tweets,!(:
think you Joey hero
Getting married? How about working with the cupcake bakery that is consistently voted "Best of the Knot"!
Q: SM and #Ford A: reality show with social media component Sat night. Engage via live screen after the show. --Top that :)
I just got thru watching H50 finale. I cant wait for u to watch it.
#Ciroc ... with the babe tonight!
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle
yea me and Craig know... we've already set up our first coffee date on May 26 lol
#imagine Austin constantly kisses your head and cheek, and has his arm around you. He can't take his eyes off of you.
blender does allow exporting at .stl file - which will work in the neighborhood 3d printers - turns out we are who we thought we were
Well the surgery was rescheduled so at 12 its gonna happen
What color do u consistently gravitate to when it comes 2 clothes or shoes? Never fails, I always go 4 beige heels lol
#GoTribe Steven sleep walked
Can't believe I'm sitting in a work training telling me how to use twitter and Facebook. I don't want work in my social media!
Two technical foul FTs from Brian Stafford gives #Pioneers the 27-20 lead with 15.1 left before the half.
PVLA has a FAQ resource for Artists re: Philly Biz Taxes--let us know if you want a copy!
Trying to make the my own hashtag catch on for work makes me feel like Gretchen Wieners. So fetch...
Ring My Heath Bell - Disco night at Marlins stadium
I'll give you an "A" if you get a perm.
and vagabondage ruled that show today - lots and lots of gypsy rock hooray including random street love
Just got in #Lebron James #Brewers jerseys! (Just kidding.)
Amazing statistic! RT : 1200 laptops lost or stolen at LAX per week! Tom Koulopoulos, CEO, Delphi Group,
interesting...where is "here"?
Why is caitlin in the hospital? :o
Yeah! So whatcha wanna talk about?
will have other parties, yes?
they didnt like your outfit?
Matusz is done. O'Day now pitching for the
alice hoade is the coolest gal i knows!!!! i want her to be my bestEST FRIEND
okay! Will do.
Adding to my list now...
"Lovers of punk rock..." Not me? I was in a punk band in the 1980's, and in Maximum Rock and Roll!
It was pleasant surprise in my email. Nice gestures don't go unnoticed.
Boys ? Not my main focus rii now. If one comes along great if not then its okay..
Okay I'm reloaded!
Thank you for following, were following u2 . Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb. 5 at www.ruactinginla.com
Inbox Zero. Did not see that coming, but I welcome it all the same.
If you ask them about it in class, let us know what they say. I want to hear their answers.
how are you tonight? Just finished watching LOST I am so hooked
#mdayton accuses us of not attempting bipartisan cooperation after HE refuses to show up at meetings in his own office. Unreal, but typical.
Happy Winter solstice.
#telljimmy #AmericanIdol is horrible.... It's fucked up #tv and
Nappy ass headed bitch.
gym was funny 😂
not all are a sleep while dreaming
and me?!
been way too long! Have fun here in
Good Monday ATL! We have some tweet catch up to do from the weekend but hold tight we've gochta covered
Major craving for popcorn! How early can I get the good stuff tomorrow?
Shane Dawson 8)
unfortunately, I missed it last night :( heard it was amazing! I'm watching it tonight, what'd you think?
yeah - been meaning to sign up for months and finally bit the bullet.
Congratulations to my BFF Denell and her hubby Marshall on the birth of their beautiful daughter Marina! Headed to the hospital soon! Yay!
RT - In Pittsburgh for Pirates vs. Astros tomorrow and then on to Cleveland for Indians vs. Yankees....
Talyor Green is one of the oldest looking rooks I've seen in a long time
Maurice Sendak was truly an amazing children's author and he showed us that not all monsters are scary. One of my favorites for sure!
it'll be fine.....after the xanax..bahaha have good time:)
Prod meeting today with the new additions to the crew.3 were removed and 5 were taken into the family.should be an interesting sat..
Having Denny's with mi madre and mi abuela
Happy Thanksgiving to all the #cowboy fans out there! Hope everyone is having a wonderful day with wonderful food!
She has been in biz since the late 60s. I adore her. One of the strongest and most charismatic people I know. You come!
Worked on edits from photography shoot.
always great to talk to our advisors! thanks and for all the great advice :-).
RT: If we hardheadedly choose to hold on to strife, we are choosing to step out of God's protection.
oh but it is past my bedtime! Early to bed and early to rise!
she said it very bitterly hahahahahah
Tomorrow at 7a.m.
HELLO SUNSHINE Event Wednesday, March 14 6 – 8pm. You're invited to experience Dr. Bucko's exciting new Harmony Laser system! RSVP now!
Thank you to for hosting me yesterday up in Boston - Wonderful to spend time you you all!
Soon. Very soon
there's just no one, no one like you
watching reunion show & you really outta stop. You hate on everything anyone says positive about their life.
New Yorkers are 1) smiling and 2) wandering around aimlessly. 70 degree weather turns this place into an entirely different city. #Portland?
- I appreciate u sharing that Wade, now we have a perfectly reasonable defense, whenever we need to smack some since into
Bringing a 5 year old to my Phi Alpha Theta officer meeting. This should be fun, Surely she'll tell us about Ben Franklin and John Adams
My baby got another account please add him.
I agree with this comment, which is why Im ?ing ZZ & DP's strong defense of Hester as legit WR in 1st place
Every Bitch takes a picture with this facial expression ^__^ <-- Dumb Hoes
Shooting the Spokane Shock game tonight..should be a good one!
It looks like it's neck and neck in the "Who's More Douchy - The Peeps Happy it's 4/20 or Those Annoyed it's 4/20" Race.
talking about play - innovation at
We're on our way Baltimore, tonight!!! Hope to see all you lovely folks there ;)
Thanks for the follow! :)
nite but I'm not goin to sleep! Wyd??
damn. I dunno if I should be mad or not
You KNOW change is needed in a game when it goes so long that POSITION PLAYERS have to take the mound and pitch!!
Sonic #Baltimore Don't forget 1/2 Price on all Morning Drinks everyday until 10am and then again for Happy Hour from 2pm - 4pm.
YOU!...lol actually the moment to seize the opportunity and run with it..Til the wheels fall off
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
Fuck Carol too, what do you mean you don't think you can trust Rick?
The feeling of being unwanted is worse then death it's self
practising raver makeup on and listening to :D
Boutta hop out of 317 and hop into 305
Probably because people like free full walkthroughs with every detail about sidequests, bosses, hunt guides, etc, oh and pictures..
Summer training schedules now posted on our training page. Visit us @ Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Terri's Tues Tweets. Transform 2012 Register a friend & you get 1/2 off; reg. 2 friends and you can come for free -
okay thanks will do
So cool!! I just used a #starbucks app to pay for my drink!
At 415 Westlake for Social Media Club
So which one is evil? :-) Can't wait to see them in Grand Rapids, Michigan!
Sorry, I never saw this...learning to tweet, but I ain't got wings. Why do you think the secession thesis is dying out?
um what? you are living in a glen beck vaccum
am I gonna see u at warped tour
Avoid using words to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Everyone download draw something and draw something for me
@ my office woopwooop
Hey Nick! I'm posting this so I can find your page to follow you because it won't show up in search. Hope this is right. O_o
Nice to meet you! Would love to be in touch re: edu activities that tie astronomy + art via Twitter. See
RT : All Purple Cafe's have a special Mother's Day Brunch Menu, Lot 3 is rolling out new Brunch Menu & Barrio: $6 Cocktails
Pizza rolls >
great job! You looked beautiful and have a wonderful personality to go with it. 😉
Creating library advocates is all about energizing & engaging stakeholders. Impress those who matter & show value.
I feel you, bro. I miss Rich. And I'm on the phone with her right now, she said he still is/:
Sleeping good tonight for sure >>
Monday morning LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Funny & believable! Lmao RT : My lawn looks better than the Marlins outfield grass.
AccuWeather on my Amazon Kindle Fire showed an advent for the B&N Nook Android app.
If had attended Mitt Romney's prep school, I wonder how Romney would have treated this kid, so different from all the others?
I have legit questions that need answers.. Exactly HOW LONG will MONCHELE be in NY for?? Will Cory go home? Will Lea stay for a bit? SIGH.
. Onwards and upwards!
Now "Candide" ventures into cannibalism. What's a vegan to do?
she said tastefully done. Broom bristles are anything but. Lol
It's late
$XOMA down 76% YTD. When will they turn it around?
Still takin shots to the yankees win...could be a long night
I love it how I think theres no way u could be a bigger douchebag, then u go ahead & prove me wrong. Way to keep surprising me!!
nighty night tweety-fulls ❤.❤ gotta catch some 💤 and 🙏before i go to sleep. It might ☔ tomorrow
Yes, you should learn German.
I hate when kids talk about "MJ the best" and all of that like they were in front of the TV in the 80s watching him. Nigga please!
Well I hope you had a little time for play... less work. :o)
flowers in the lobby looked great this morning! Are you taking appointments yet?
Gonna take a nap! See Yahh!💛
it's about damn time.
Taking Adi the wonder pup to #EasternMarketDC. She's so excited! Wag wag wiggle yip woof!!
Congrats Jean! Great school and town.
Guys don't forget this Friday night.Pastor will be with us at Life Culture. Come in and support this great man of vision
click click pow
Go Giants!!! Super Bowl Champs!!!!
Excited for to rock the Bluebird tonight
yay! Haha when she says 'oh well' at like the perfect time >
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!! I need me a Fun-Day Monday ;-&#41;
Learn how to meditate and do it daily, do out enough and you transcend all. RT : I'm trying to modify the part of my life that...
"With e-books, you have no idea what anyone is reading. This is an incalculable loss, not just to fleeting crushes but to civilization."
In honor of her 90th birthday next week: On how many sitcoms did Betty White reprise her most famous role? Name the role and the sitcoms.
The End of Business As Usual: An interview with Brian Solis
Reheating Pasties so I can print up "Reheating Instructions" for market customers......I love my job.
"Christ was a chronometer." -- Herman Melville --
I certainly did.
Rumor of an Art Bus for ArtWalk 2011!! How cool is that!?!
I would reduce the Majority Leader's salary to $0 if he or she failed to bring a budget resolution to the floor by April 15.
And not even then...
Just saw a man with a NECK TATTOO AND TEAR DROP TAT. Yup. Sketchy as hell. Double not trusting him.
I'm going to be an arrogant bitch and say you should feel blessed at my presence
SD Pride Community adisry council formation mtg at ctr well attendd lots of discourse
Calhoun returns, UConn rips DePaul Connecticut's start to the 2012 Big East tournament looked a lot like the way the Huskies began last y
lol we're too fast for that.
Interesting article-thanks for sharing.
Marmol take? I can't really see Dollis running away with the job.
Heading to NY for the weekend. I hope the #blackjack playing masses in #vegas can make due without me. :)
Thank you to for the RT's!
very sad :(
Dog park or regular park? Not that it matters, folks need to control their dogs.
I never said she's not talented. But her music style is so bring and lame her lyrics are so self-pitying and morbid and to
Reality is when you realize what you are doing, whether you accept reality is a whole different subject... We know both side!!
Life is truly a gift that continues to give, most of the gifts are awesome while others aren't.... Keep that in mind and ENJOY YOUR LIFE!!!!
same here -- didn't receive any of the money i applied for. no for me either.
You get Wat u pay for -EyeCatchinMedia
heyy austin just wanted to say dat ur amazinging.nd ill always be there for you:) till the end.
It's Bacon Monday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint - Try our house cured and smoked maple candied pork belly. Let us know what you think !
Hurry down to #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, we'll be giving away an iPac Handheld Pachymeter shortly...
hoe i aint even said i was gonna do sumthin so get the fuck on
Its Hump Day people... Who's getting humped today??😜
I'm at a talk re: accepting fallibility in our heroes. RT : Ann Coulter is the shining light of truth logic & reason buy her books
too many people try way too hard
I've run an x-ray photo of that on my blog. We've all been there.
Teens, join us tomorrow for a performance by Triple G! & it's crochet night! 311 S. Madison, 7-11pm. Did we mention it's FREE?!
oh. Yes! Who had that cupcake?
mad i just did this resume and cant log on to the application
me too - but not for another 10 hrs. Enjpy the weekend Ray!
caught a kid staring at me and his face shot red
PRISON BREAK!!! WHOOP WHOOP
I'm still a little sad that Trey Gunn left. But that's okay. I'm a Tony Levin fan. :-)
Magic'a StanVan and Pacers' Vogel are certainly a study of contrasts when it comes to coaching.
WOW! Over 35,000 Views of Tonight's Single Chef Show!!! Thanks for the support...MATT Reruns on NOW www.theroomlive.com
it's right up your alley. you can pin pix and videos in collections. perfect for a visual person.
Great to see you here!
I couldn't imagine, so many other productive things that money could of been thrown at.
Theatre run was good. Trial and Error. Ironing out the kinks, getting lighting together. Friday will be IT!
Wow April webinar on Creating iGoogle Gadgets sold out already!!?
congrats on getting into southeast showcase at the U!!!
The fact that my butt is so big <
We are in the homestretch!!
RT : Still in one piece after the party bus last night! That shit was epic! Shout out to escobedo party bus !
And I'm serious about that sports show, feel free to come out for it. I can't wait to buy baseball cards and more! Cc:
Iknow! And that's when he had his braces so I can't wait to see him in person without them!(:
One out of three employees who received a promotion use a coffee mug with the company logo on it.
follow for follow? x
"Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'."// "You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!"
Going to be needing new headshots soon. Actors/Agents: Who's your go-to photographer for the best shots in town?
Yay thanks!! Btw your mix tap is so sick!!!!!
First time I put my hands in #CoreAudio. Really powerful! Amazing everything that is possible to do with some peaces of code.
Upgraded the Corporate Tower by reaching level 10 in either the Business or Journalism careers in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Sorry it has come down to that, we do realize it is always about us though.
I can't get over how amazing it is that proceeds from #TurnToYou are going to single moms. Justin is so giving. love him! ♥
YES C:
What about the girl who ran? She ran so far.. She tripped and fell and broke her heart and now the only thing she does well is fall apart
Good defense against the run, good against the screen, good against the long ball, but we are vulnerable across the middle.
like i said the heat ain't for nun
Frustrating when i know they arent sincere..
Not today mann, not today.
Sometimes I don't know if I should take a person seriously or just burst out laughing and walk away. And that happens often.
ALWAYS PUBLISH YOUR MUSIC. Publishing is where a lot of the money is in the music industry.
haroses made/rents already ignoring me/off to Chinese 4 dinner/ah Passover!
You were at our Leroy broadcast?
something's burning!
ALMOST is b-day wat should i get her
Love the Proverb! Thanks you!
we all know that, food is food though.
Good morning, and live music rules!
Remember that Cinco de Mayo is an important celebration for mexicans everywhere except almost all of Mexico.
One sister is #vegan, they other is #vegetarian. Where do I take them for dinner? I'm struggling to find places.
Strong girl looking for these guys as much, which you can be finally weak
in tired :(
Hope you're keeping the boys in line at YooTheme! ha! Plz message me Sascha's email, I have a quick question for him. Thx
In order to get ahead of everyone else, you must start before everyone else
Good to hear someone difinitively say that picnic with the pops will be at Cols Commons this summer.
Thank you for the great interview and experience ...Hugs:)
Heading back to San Francisco in just 5 weeks. Time is zipping by so quickly!
I had an amazing stunt training session with the Philly Stunt Crew guys last night... These guys are insane to watch in action!!! Love 'em!!
Has not spoken to JoePa since firing but sent him a note this morning
Returning from Berkeley and Pacific Film Archive where UCLA's restoration of RUTHLESS was screened for an enthusiastic audience.
If you smoke hooka
Posting on FB & Twitter, north, south, east, west, across the pond and down under...WE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!! GO DD GO!!
The only thing I know how to do is move forward. When you get to that point hard times really arent that hard
woke up hype
so excited!!! Are we going to he in NY or LA this season? We all know west is best.
When you choose to live a life of LOVE, the world around you begins to change.
Hands On The Wheel #Freestyle boutta drop soon
IB nick or jason
Great piece!!
cannot DM because you do not follow me
3 wins and a close second lol
Braun just got annoyed that the centerfield screen was showing the broadcast - hence him. He made them turn it off.
#20factsaboutme I have the best friends in the whole world
your lips taste like heaven, so why should i stop?
turns out not to be true! Had all the trappings from behind but failed everything in the front
Excellent lecture by Tim Pauketat this morning, very interesting stuff about Cahokian religion and sacred landscapes
how can I help? DM me details
woof how 'bout that snow in Chicago? hope everyone stayed out of the slush today! it's 2012 and we've got some exciting stuff goin' on.
Cora is too much to handle ! Lol
Suck it cards!
Thankyou, I'm worried.. I mean she was like my sister..I'm kind of afraid to go to the funeral :/
i would consider that a cool weekend
After three innings in the World Series quarterfinals, Southern Virginia leads Spalding University 2-0. Golden Eagles still hitless.
Incredibly ignorant & stupid thing 2 say. Ward Connerly must B proud of U today! Shows $$$ doesn't cure stupidity!
I cant tweet when im mad... I dont want to say shit in the moment.
Which Art Alive night are you going? I'll be there on Friday
Damn auto correct Jane
“: haha. I did it on purpose. :)” yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not.. Wonder how many people caught it..
A man with a good character enjoys the power of self.
Good morning tweeps
got invites? hook me up!
I hope! I drove thru Madison today. Counted maybe 300 people with Kloppenberg signs. Not a single Prosser. Kinda funny.
Looking for something to do tomorrow? Hit the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen
This is the first time this season I felt like #TeamBlake could take the show! Brava, Jermaine, brava!
waiting with baited breath :)
no i know. i was just asking lol.
& they sweet !!
What was your favorite promotion we did recently? We'll duplicate it just for YOU!
he was my gangster friend, who always had my back, told me he'll fuck up a nigga if they screw me over :o buut he moved.
I vote beard
Amen RT Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem 1st make sure you're not in fact surrounded by Aholes
and i freakin love janice she knows how to make me feel better<3 lol she had me laughing today
#terrible. you should probably watch it right...now.
#whatifindattractive a guy who knows how to surf with a nice body
Going to go for a jog. The temp is warming to 26 out there so it's not quite winter yet. Just a dash of snow on the ground.
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) announced that Dr. Barry Selick, CEO, is scheduled to present at the 2011 Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference in NYC
HI CHER AND NIALL! How are you both!?
Giving myself a mani/pedi while designing new workshop curriculum. Doing something else helps to inspire my creativity by clearing my mind.
Eastern final.... Heat vs Celtics...Western final OKC vs. Spurs....NBA final Heat vs. OKC ....
Time is running out! Less than 12 hours left before online registration for #NAFSA12 closes.
#Randomthought opened the door for you how can you be so disrespectful?
You might be a groupie lol RT I have the Lakers tatted if you didn't know!
yes definitely!
undocumented fritz. No evidence lol
Hopefully my breakfast will get me up and movin..
One word text show you who doesn't like you
again, what does Cirque du Soleil have to do with movies & #Oscars? WE WANT MUPPETS!!!
Say 'beer can' with a British accent. I just taught u how 2 say "bacon" with a Jamaican accent. You're welcome!!
I'm about to head out to Wet 'N Wild. And it's exactly what it sounds like. A waterpark. Perverts..
It's all happening! Concert day is here!! And we decided to just start calling his Hanson-con. Because that's basically what it is.
YES YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES
I think the networks have a big part in that too.
Ugh, OT. Now we will miss the whole first quarter of Lakers / Heat.
Get out the barf bags
Don't fall in love she's a beauty. She's one in a million girls, one in a million girls.. Thank you 1st Wave..
So if Chip Kelly goes to TB, can we count on him drafting LaMichael James and Darron Thomas?
I've moved and I'm almost done unpacking.
Boyfriend in 3 days !(:
haha! So true!
Packer Hall of Fame. Roam lot before game. Eat a brat. Have great time. RT --> Don't miss Stadium View tonite!!
Getting ready to Jason aldean >>
It's krazy kobe nem take a L and some how lebron is the topic Haha smh
down is bad news. I always suspect it is my fault.
Oh how I love So easy!
yes it was so good kept me guessing who was the dirty cop, but I knew it was the one it was.
