holy poop that is just bad luck
good big pic/purpose of ethics
9:30 can't come fast enough! Let's do this!
Wake up in the morning got the yearnin for...
When it comes to genre fiction, I'm inclined to ignore the lit types. No offense to them, but kids want good stories...
I'm sure they'll be very happy to have been randomly selected.
Getting excited for in Chicago. Hoping he gets me the Dell Boy hook up.
This is going to be an amazing day!!
Dear BET on demand is suppose to help us catch up on what we missed. Why is it I have to watch the Game starting at ep 506 where's 1-5
family time, that's what's up
is correct. Entering a date of travel 1/29 or later will give you route information and stops for the new GreenLine
Pics are up on our Facebook. Let me know.
I like that plan. Dibs on Franz.
Has anyone read "Fifty shades of Gray"? Is it good? Interesting? Provocative? Crap? What is the deal?
#FF because they know me personally and will call me on my bullshit, should I spout any!
What is known as the King of Cocktails? The Manhattan. Come to Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar tonight and try one. 1120 N. High St., Columbus
YESS YESS PLEASE DO FOLLOW MEE ID REALLY APRECIATE IT AND PLEASE FOLLOW to XD lots of love
Beautiful Sunday :)
V.U., I like the resolutions. (V. is a personal friend of mine, & a bright, entertaining dude.)
My band is headlining a show may 12 at music evolution in orland park!!
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
we want more Kirstie =)
#CAD2012 strong voices make a difference for children.
. they didn't evacuate Blumenthal but a lot of people left anyway. Very minor trembling in our building
what said.
He remembered that they were but flesh a passing breeze that does not return. Ps 78:39
Weekend, I hardly knew ye.
it's really cold. Not snowing today but it did a few days ago. I'm so ready for summer
RT : Is there a careers email where I can send you my resume for DONDA?
Haven't even launched yet but was telling somebody what we do and his reply was ” I'll take one. When can you have it ready.
African American and Hispanic girls are more likely to view themselves as leaders than Caucasian and Asian girls.
Insert Baby powder into palm of hand... Now SLAP that bitch!
Tip #83: Practice with as much intensity as when you play. This way when you reach that critical moment you will be prepared to succeed.
you may think that, it's okay. People have opinions.
#bestdressed is Penelope Cruz. Color is great on her. Love her short hair. Beautiful jewelry. Love.
Retweeing some updates from today as they host CEO Ursula Burns today. Stay tuned for #leadership advice!
well we honestly appreciate it. And you. More than words do justice.
Hahahahaha!!“: don't drown yourself in the fountain after the concert tonight! 🎸🍺”
and what are those expectations grounded in? You is a clipper fan after all lol 😝
whatever!... And dont put stuff if your not gunna even show them!
cause of Penguin duh
Sometimes i wish i could go back to last year and change the things that has happened.
I have a weeklong to do list for our social media agenda now...
Thinkn bout goin bck to school to study Mechanics
It's officially Christmas time! Watching Elf with my sister.
Whenever I cum, God thanks me.
Oreo cookies turn 100 today! RT this to celebrate 100 years of celebrating the kid inside!
Brunch this morning was good. And afterwards, I had to mow the lawn.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
NYC go find and eat up all of her food. Its Free why not.
movie with my dad... Message me on twitter so we cn tlk more
In that ''wanting to go to a carnvial'' kinda mood.
are you going to do index cards, or some digital equivalent (i.e. Evernote?) instead?
stop saying yolo. it's not cool
Please follow ?? It would mean a lot for me :DD
I may or may not be crying right now just having read that last tweet.
Lisa made pico with tomato and pablabo pepper from the garden. M.
Please follow me back?:))
anyone else seeing the human centipede 2 at midnight tonight?!?
�Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Thanks so much!!
just listened to your newest Black on Black show!! #FIRE when the next joint?
i'm not sure why some people choose bullying as their preferred method of business. we're supposed to be grownups here.
“: that articles perfect! get. it. girl” wow! Thanks for the compliment. More articles on soon!
check your msg's
Thanks for the photo at the game, B! Next stop: playoffs!!
Thanks for sharing!
Thank you so much!
:) GRATULATIONS :) I LOVE U JUSTIN
Yeah, it's slower than turtles stampeding through peanut butter... Unplug and plug back in, helped me a lil bit
it's gunna be the dopeness.
Beautiful day for biking in Spokane. Must've been a cat holiday. One ginger kitty spoke and approached--I felt guilty for riding past.
SING BITCHES. IT
yay! So excited!
now that you have your priorities straight, how about working on lowering my taxes!
Liz, You have hit on my passion. If everyone could see Special Needs people in a different light, can you imagine?
angels and gentleman . Best mix tape ever!<3 g.c.f<3
please follow it would mean alot:D
The music vs. The Industry.
Dear 5:00, Please hurry up and get here already!!!!!!! k:) thanks!
Happy B'day Sparty! RT Also, today is mine & 's b-day. If u don't wish us a happy b-day you can go straight to hell!
Good morning everbody!!!!!
"I pray that you may have power to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ!" Eph. 3:17-18
Why did this pregnant chick bought some cigarettes? only White people.
Great discussion! I was really late but read all the earlier tweets. Thanks Melanie! Thanks litchat!
i dont think its till the 30th but don't forget, you don't wanna miss it
Fuck typing on trains.
this was my shit back in the day
I need a summer job, gotta start looking I don't wanna work at Ross again, fuck customer service
What part of town are you in?
Well I guess you're rationalization is also wrong, LOL don't you get tired of that?
#ITALYLOVESDEMI stay strong, i believe in you <3
Get Security cameras From us before theives get a flat screen from you!!!!
#NF RT : ....Hi...to all of the twitter world that is ha ha. And I can't forget to say, No Pressure No Diamonds Lady Bears
I bet bro. Catch some z's when you can. That's not healthy.
love you too. Where are you?
Thank u so much <3
hey Jeff
On central ave, working, getting paid to sit in a booth all day. #Win!
I still use a Powerbook G4, though rarely now. Was a primary computer until about a year ago.
Apparently the battery wasn't the problem with my laptop seeing as it still doesn't work. Looks like I'll be driving to Nashville tomorrow.
#shoutout to everybody who helped us make it this far! teamwork is the dreamwork & keep ya hustles up. #boppo!
learning affiliate marketing. any tips??
I love Matchbox Twenty. HATE ME.
de texas o como se escriba
'It is the sign of the times with more kids skateboarding than playing little league baseball today.' -Tony Hawk
went from MySpace to all the way to the billboards POW
Love this! Especially the peeing and the carrot thing...gotta confess.
Oh shnapppppp! Goin on a trip for Spring Break =P ATV's... Hiking... Ps3 and owning nubbies on Black Ops... Fun =D I sound nerdy now... lol
Looks like ESPN disregarded my autodraft strategy in favor of an age-based algorithm. Should KILL in the Wisdom/open-heart-surgery category
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hooray you figured the microphone out. When do we get the mandatory #FridayFacts makeup?
That is the idea behind our work. Have you seen our books?
There is a world of difference between doing things right and doing the right things.
Damn It! I wanted to come along.
who u like better to win this okc game?
Congratulations to Biscuit for such a remarkable card! How did your little doodle receive this correspondence? So jealous. ;-)
- came across your blog today, good stuff! Would be great to chat sometime about our current UX opps.
Jennifer Trayers says the couple planned to have children, and got along well, in the years before she allegedly murdered him.
Oh my I love it! I will soon miss you too!
Awesome game! Go pack!
Sounds great! Great Urban Salad, burgers,fish &more!
sounds like a good plan. Good luck. Let me know if you need any UK help!
so looping? Lol what
this lady always trying to bother somebody.
“A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.” C.S. Lewis
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's always tryna go places wit people when they wasn't invited
Forgiving is much easier than forgetting
You're a chocolate genius!
agh! Awesome! Alrightyy! This weekend? Ill text ya :)
happy birthday bro. Have a good one
I'm bored as hell in class, somebody hit me up!!!
Trying not to laugh out loud when watching be a horse
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
"PymP" by limpbizkit feat. jonathan davis and method man
Finding Terranova a bit cheesy. Meh.
Morning! Thank you for the follow!
i didnt mean to wink
Can't believe Chicago wasn't selected as a home for one of the retiring space shuttles! We had an anthem all ready for it!
maybe it really is sunday and everyone else is wrong.
August 4th Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth - More at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Pretentious people are pretentious. It's occurring now.
yeah. *wipes hands on legs*
I'll be at the #NationalActorsDay event tonight. Curious if any of my fellow actor friends will be there.
isn't who married?
bring em all!
Playing with people at the opposite end of the world?...
MattyB always replies to you(:
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad When there are 2 cars in 2 lanes both driving under the speed limit & not letting anyone pass.
Blessed to wake up another morning
I'd much rather have a Pap Smear done than to listen to some of my co-workers boring ass conversations
LOL so i'm guessing it's better? :P
Tell her she is reading the right stuff! Reading the story as it emerged in the news was uncanny. Garner captured that.
I think, once I'm no longer UTSA's University Archivist, I may be compelled to come back as UTSA's unofficial University Historian.
thank you friend!
Damn the Orioles' pitching SUCKS, at least we won good seats
It is going to be interesting.
People the likes of Harold Camping have come and gone over the centuries, predicting the end of time for mankind.
When wil we see a Stand Ovation for Christopher Plummer when he wins the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
Today i've been at Justin Biebers concert check out theese pictures www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
hey thanks a lot for reading! Come back soon!
I love Sleepy Hollow.RT I agree. That was a great movie.
Important things from kids: It's more fun to color outside the lines.
#AskMindless will you guys ever come back to Indiana..We miss you 😓😓😓😥😥😥😥😥😥😥
i know u r going to the game today...have fun...it'll be rocking at the Rec today
Woking FC playing Arsenal FC's 3rd team tonight. Not sure about rumours that Fabregas and Gervinho putting in an appearance
Got Ketchup On My White T-Shirt.
When a song gives you the chills >>>
I feel like a complete idiot when I'm being interviewed - why can't I just submit my answers in writing so I can feel like a partial idiot?
Hope work go smoothly, it's my birthday dammit 
"Youth is like a long weekend on Friday night. Middle age is like a long weekend on Monday afternoon."
So hmm I jut realized something I think heyy dies his hair! God I'm slow
no people need to change that! (:
Do you have a CCNA Voice certification and are looking for something perm? If so, let's talk.
yeah Weeden provides fresh blood/ "hope" that Colt can't reproduce
Days like this make me love being a server. I am tired now though ready to watch an episode of #judgejudy that will wake me up!
Pallbearers are preparing to wheel #Seau's casket out of the church.
ha. they're not missing that much. working. trying to eavesdrop. start tweeting people!
Played a benefit 2nite 4 the new Pennsylvania Jazz Coalition org. A good crowd showed up 4 the auction & music. Lots of happy people.
IM BUYING THIS SONG ON ITUNES K.
EPTI... MEGA MOVER!!! R/M news any time now. Don't get left out!!!
Can't wait for the weather to get nice so I can hang out on the patio. Reminds me of New Orleans.
Great meeting with & learning from you too --Looking forward to working with you more. Oh, and nice play by play on the debate.
i like meeting new people! :)
You're telling me that you don't think *anyone* he's drafted so far will end up a top 50 at some point? I don't buy that.
YUM. I can't wait to try that!!
dear chipotle, i want you inside me
run today? Please.
Watching the #NASCAR Bojangles southern 500 race. live from darlington raceway.
Just had the best meal in 3 yrs here @ #crazywater. Thanks #chefnellbenton for sharing it.
Friday Flashback jam: Voice Of The Beehive - "I Say Nothing"
big time shout-out to Brian Kane, winger, as he contributed 15 of #MURFC s 25 total points.
Excited to have come across The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook while shelving
One word #Withey This boy
Love the NZ wines Kumeu my fave so far! Thanks for wine diversity!!! woo hoo!
Can't believe how creative her V Day present was, looking forward to all the other months to open up
*like*.. Think that breaks a twitter rule but whatevs.
i just don't like rock nation. Bunch of Alluminati's
Looking good, Brittany!
I'll join up gladly-Thanks Chip.
Editing going beautifully! Tedious.........but looking fantastic!
#mythoughtsatschool my back needs to pop.
Being there & understanding it! Enjoy while you can!
it wouldn't be #wisconsin without it! now we just need some snow!
RT It’s remarkable how little remorse I feel when I crush your Prius with my Batmobile.
I agree. Next week?
Love it: the box trying to figure out why Outlook crashed has itself crashed.
This will be a super cool event. Are you going?
offer still stands lol #ijs you either take it or not. *shrugs*
I missed 's following spree. WHY. WHY ME.?
Happy 13th Birthday to google.com! Definitely revolutionized the search engine
Only have a couple very minor things left for Snack Words. Should be submitted as soon as Apple lets me.
You can't own a position until you choose a position. Start with unique gifts and package them. You are the "free prize."
I'm going to hope it isn't true. But that seriously hurt me.
One day our alien overlords will have to deal with ancient human curses when they wreck our cemeteries for landing pads and plasma farms.
Shaquille O'Neal throwing his retirement / birthday party @ #Ibiza nightclub tomorrow (9pm-4am)
o...what are some of your options?
so you gonna take me tanning and shopping?
Thanks for the RT!
other person
It's just pass 5:00 AM and there's a crisp breeze and 52°F..
Blue Jackets game tonight. Holler if you're gonna be there!
I really wish niggas would stop #spamming us
I'm a sucker for the #predator movies
yeah true that
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
#incaseyoudidntknow it's okay to cry, we all have emotions. Just becus you cry, doesn't make you a "bitch"
Hot dog on a Stick...funny hats the employees have to wear but good looking corn dogs!
One. More. Day.
Sometimes I just want to slap you, in the face really hard, but that would be animal abuse.
He's going on tour again & tickets sell in May, I believe! I'm so excited! (':
Pamper Party in 15 min yay!
thanks for the follow!!
we need to have a talk text me.
Live right now - The Best of Small Plate Radio - www.sprnetwork.com
srsly! After 3 beers — im going to leave this matter till tomorrow :)
FOLLOW THEN ASK FOR A FOLLOW BACK AND I WILL!!:) RT PLEASE<3
Suckas! ": daily cardinal for incoming freshmen : "Meet your chancellor: Biddy Martin""
Thanks to and for including #ScavengerHunt in last night's program!
Homos before skanky 'hos. Got my blade and Vaseline, we'll give the red room a fresh coating ;-)
That driver took "MOTORIN'" too literally.
Is it possible for the LMS to have multiple points of entry, so that everyone has a place, and use can grow 1/2
Future of EBooks @ Nat'l Arts Club #ONANYC and anniversary of John Butler Yeats
there's only one person who understands me... and that's the sea turtle from
can just be my very attractive British lover, is that okay..?! ;D xx
Conscience makes cowards of us all.
I think you meant democracy "inaction"--at least when it comes to protecting citizens from smoke.
Well, I starfuck unless it's something exceptional. That's when I RT. That's my rule of thumb.
I can condemn liberal-bashing, bad journalism, bigotry, etc. & still grasp the idea of "conservative" as an adjective w/ no value judgment.
(c) WITH THEM I WAITED FROM THEM TO COME ON SHAKE IT UP IM TRYING TO WORK INORDER TO SEE MY BABIES THINK WHAT YOU WANT (c)
Yes, robots are flummoxed by my name.
lil nigga im mad at you!!!!
Skrillex and David Hockney to premier new iPhone app/collaboration
hahaa alright!!!!! we should make a group LOL
Steve Kurtz nailed for using materials for his artwork. Faced a 20 year sentence in prison for having biotechnological bacteria.
Stupid warm feelings -.-
Bro you night traveling with your shorty. Niggas will jump a old lady in a wheelchair out here bro. Sad
Hulu Plus will show it
happy birthday!!!!! im a huge fan
It's a wine, movie and long underwear kind of night.
not looking forward to it!
what's confusing?
Thanks for the mention !
Wow. #dez is a monster... Guess I should have had more faith and started him in fantasy. Love those #cowboys though
Cindy, you go girl! Werk that brain.
Even drivers need editors. RT My driver just handed me a card on the way from the airport: "All rate's are negotiateable."
3 was so bad I don't mind the reboot and at least it isn't just Uncel Ben gets killed here we go ...
Thanks for the mentions and RTs !
"you pretty...you smell god um" getting hit on by the T driver #egoboost or #creepy ?
Thanks Kayla. We are doing great. We miss you and our NJ crew!
Just messing with you man. I can't wait to hear what you have to say about my #stories. Maybe you can come to booksigning
I am going to work on not being as awesome this year.
Same here.
thank you for the follow. I am a huge fan of your music.
How many pizzas will be consumed at the Helen C. House Party this year? Stop by Sept. 15 and count the empty boxes!
does it fell better to call someone babe or be called babe???
GOOD NIGHT SWEET DREAMS! lol :P have a gr8 day tomorrow!
True love doesnt only happen in fairytales it happens in real life to you just got find the one worth crying for
seaside? stormy out there?
Everyone wants others to understand their feelings, but no one wants to understand what others feel. Read & think thrice.
ctfu khadija told me, "i drove to school today. . . . ILLEGALLY." haha her dumb ass!! 😂😂😂
Laces out!!!! Hahahahaha wow!!
it's not it's
That was lame
KFC at my house .. Do I look black to you 😒
good morning
Committees on the Emerging Leaders
Good for you man.
Yeah, no problem, Stuart. Just wanted to bring the actual text of your tweet explaining the picture to
*smiles back* Just checking.
that would be awsome!! We need and #AskTheKameron !! Pwease!!
Watch the badger and golden eagles $2 shots and $2 burgers
i knoww!! he's probably walkin around shoing it of
Fair Oaks man is killed after being electrocuted. More info to come.
I don't care what you say - the hardest workers in LA are the Liberty sign twirlers! They're on every corner...
you should start a Kickstarter for a crappy video game. Those seem to do well.
#Leo MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Hotch-A-Do 50% off at www.crowdclick.com
That's a real classic sit-com. I don't think there's anymore on tv other than Tyler Perry stuff.
Have a great day everyone! Heading 2 NYC 4 VO work, then home 4 rehearsal, then work.
#ThingsBlamedOnLeBron is trending....I feel like LeBron is behind this TT :P
good night pal
thanks to all my new followers this week :)
COME ON GUYS LETS GET #Replace1DSongsWithNandos TRENDING!!!
I been hurt to much hurt to much I don't wanna hear it I done heard too much...... I'm starting to think im going crazy. I <3 this song
- Favorite quote - "Mopery with intent to creep."
BC the younger generation doesnt wanna have to think
“ has most restaurants in list, with 8 (3 in top-10). France 2nd with 7; Spain had 5. #nobiggie” yum yum go USA!
Why do we hurt the people that love us, and try to impress the people that hate us
Anyone else notice the similarity btw Daughter of Smoke and Bone and Alias?
Watching mostly ghostly #oldmovie pretty cool
I've queried about several apartments in Harlem/Washington Heights/Inwood. Premature and also scary, but it's making things seem very real.
“: I have a few skeletons in my closet. Every single one of them deserved it. RT ”
Happy Weekend!!!!
#RIP #MJ #Amy #Whitney #Marilyn and
Much ado about brew tix on sale now @ kgoradio.com/beer
#Oomf makes no sense at all!!!
Seeing a good status on Facebook but not liking it because the person is a cunt.
I often try to understand why anyone would buy from my competition. I keep ending up with the same answer. Our only compeition is ignorance!
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough. – Joseph E. Levine
music and school is my life
i really appreciate humble paleo peeps who dont get caught up in their popularity like and
Very cool. I've subscribed.
Shaq is too damn gargantuan to be singing and shit. Cut it out lol.
what up NPH, winning!!!
im good a its always DC or nothing with me
I'm drowning in my own tears listening to #TurnToYOu beautiful song ever.. we loveyou mama<33 gonna go show my mom♥
#illbethere for , today, tomorrow, and a l w a y s <3
I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death! - Patrick Henry
WE KNOW IT'S NOT DELIVERY.
Go BULLS!
The potential possibilities of any child are the most intriguing and stimulating in all creation.
Looking forward to hearing Stephen Costello tonight in philadelphia!
Morning tweeps! Websites up but still have lots of work to do on it being that were just starting out..Anyone cheering for their teams Sat?
Wow how about that Cartier commercial, pretty impressive. Gosh can't imagine how much it cost to air it.
Well that just goes to show you who you can trust these days. Guess being friends since diapers doesn't count? Yep.
Seeing the world in a new creative light today.
how you doing ?? lol
Just because you don’t see a way doesn’t mean God doesn’t have a way. Keep trusting!
if it was yours and you lost it, you can find and have it again. If you can't have it again, it was never yours ;)
I got to go get my hair done dogg... Lol where we at 2nite. Lmao
Strange. I guess that was me cause I see them all on my wall. I'm sure my friends will enjoy them!
French Conversation Meetup 2nite at the Living Room in Old Town! New members welcome! 7:30 p.m.
if you're looking for dashboards for learning there's some interesting NSF stuff I've seen & can find again
that's such a great accomplishment!
thanks for the shout!! if u get a chance check my music out.. www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Today is beautiful in the city!
did you forget I follow you on twitter. guess what, we are fucking done.
Last day of #NACA2012. You've been great to me Charlotte! Big ups making it BIG!
i want a follow back please :D
Nice catching up with you in Cincy. Hope all remains well.
Heading to the dealership. Could be coming home with a new car tonight!
i Js wana come to you ; scoop you up & go to Fairytale Land (: lol
D-Backs batting Blomquist leadoff. Ned can't beat that for bad managing.
On this day in 1914, President #Wilson officially established first national #Mother's Day.
Caffeinated cupcakes! Brilliant.
HE WORKiNG..iM WAiTiNG ON HiM TO TEXT MEH BACK...
Wow, that is a lot of pink events. May I suggest multiple calendars to separate the wheat from the chaff :)?
Free drink day! Go to and get yours.
Miami field trip. <3
not at all... Called it today
Just landed AMAZING auction item for the Gala. Never thought an experience quite that cool would materialize.
I GOT NSN :) I SAW NSN IN PREMIERE BUT NOW I HAVE IT IN MY HOUSE SO ITS MORE FUN CAUSE I SEE IT EVERYDAY :)
Are you listening to EmilyG on KISS?! Hit her up
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 47
besides Pittsburgh frankly was/is The team to beat and well..
RT : Any of my followers interested in winning $500? Follow for info about our upcoming freestyle battle
forget diamonds ! my best friend is chocolate . (^_^:) <3
Even I am not heartless enuff not to acknowledge this tweet! That's whats up fam! Miss you too!
So early
Birth control: the ONLY pharmaceutical Republicans don't want you to purchase.
RT Rain is the best!! I love it so much!
you're welcome c:
We're fans too! We just produced your 4-pack carriers for all 6 flavors and shipped them out to Denver, CO!
I just cast another 125 votes for my beautiful friend on #playboymisssocial.com! Please help her make the finals by voting too
That stach' only exists in the month of November. Enjoyed our meeting and the feedback.
If you are looking for a tennis or fitness info check out what are doing
will u pls fallow me today is my birthday and it would make my day if u did I love ur music :)
Thank you!
There are many in the library world-some don't care about ownership, and some would die on the sword of ownership.
for this week? B rip = jim holder. Downtown =
Love it!
Dont bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
Did not surprise me at all when I heard you were one of the best performers! Good job Erin, Im happy for you!!! :)
Ride is still in the shower lmfao
email this address () to get "Another Mistake" by Adam Sizemore & The Modern Day Players heard on 88.5 KCSN
Do great repressions create long lasting social control? Did the 1932 destruction of the WWI vets' march on Washington help create the 50s?
Does that mean you're going to shave your head Chris???
Things that last longer than Kim K's marriage: the pause after Dora asks the viewers a question. Hahahahah
Remember life's too short to be anything but happy
Favorite Movie, The Lying Game can't wait to see season 2
What ever happened to Bob Herbert?
Damn he's hot ;)
Oops. Sorry. Just checked the Roku and it's in the Channel Store.
Just read about the #greenbutton initiative which would make energy data available to consumers. I'd love to see it!
It's a beautiful but chilly morning here in Ship Creek, #Anchorage, #Alaska. -8 by my thermometer. BRRRRRR
DC Jazz Concerts here, Follow Us K_BETA
thanks the mention!!
Why am I staring at delicious rotisserie chicken? I blame You win Swiss Chalet!!!
Volleyball tournament for cancer was great won best dressed if that counts for something
50/50 no doubt..sad it won't happen. UFC hasn't allowed that happen...yet
#DuraCloud for #HigherEd community, runs on multiple platforms in the cloud. Open-source platform, run locally or as a service.
; some chips lmao
Hehe RT : "Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight actually is cheaper, less crowded, & has a better view." George Carlin
why did twitter change my profile pic again?
Do that at the xmas clerance sale cheap yet smart
Thanks for the tasty honey! RT : Spotted Duck Apiary on the air!
how do u feel being a role model 2 me n everybody else around America??
Boston Girl WARNING!! Do NOT let the fire go out COMPLETELY...If there is even a mere EMBER, fire can be rekindled...
Noche Pdx doing it BIG tomorrow, Noche de Pecados 2 | Masquerade Ball 2, with celebration of Daniel Merchan's Birthday Bash!
My favorite color is red
I Might Get A Little Obsessive When I Find I Guy I REALLY Like .. :DD♥
Possibly, yes.
Polish that chrome on them bikes and let's take a ride with a BBQ
People standing in the middle of the hallway...
Let's just all love each other.. K guys?
Flying saucer complete. Next up...the SET.
We are really excited about the upcoming #momvoxbox! Make sure to unlock your Mom Badge in order to qualify!
Those words are blasphemy! Do Not Blaspheme! Do Not Blaspheme!
Another lovely quote: "Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." -C.G. Jung.
hahahaha you poor thing
NP Robin! Glad 2 c u in Twitterland, with all that wisdom God's given u!
think you're missing the point. Walmart wasn't paying protection money. It was bribing to grease the skids. Much different
did you see that needs a flashlight? lol
I hate waking up forgetting what day it is and feeling like your suppose to be somewhere
The anticipation builds at the takeover dinner with First round about to be served.
May all be well!
I can't thank SBD enough for a great 4 years. Excited to join Summit -- new Twitter account is Thanks to all.
16GBs of RAM just aint cuttin it!! Santa please bring and me a new GFX Card and 32GBs of Ram!
oh really? Haha
It's 6:30 & I'm still in bed.
One more date in Ohio. Tonight 730-1030 at Treo in Sylvania, Ohio. Small easy club date with a fun local rhythm section. Back to NYC Sat.
All a nigga need is money, Fuck a bitch!!
Sweet Mandy B has the best cake in Chicago.
You ever have a tweet so pure and devastating that you know if you unleash it all hell will break loose? That.
Working on a new program for Buying a Successful Business in 8 weeks! Stop in and check it out.
Bejeweled should know when I'm intoxicated and handicap my score.
I am jelly!!
What happens if you're a smart ass with your children? They become even bigger smart asses.
Adriana Rodriguez: Encourage your students to go to places that seem inconvenient.
signs to #MMG.....Congrats!
It wasn't silver was it?
Nice meeting you at the state of reform event today!
Everything! The arogance is ridiculous and he just over-talks everyone even his co-hosts. #NOTtheSTAR,JUSTtheHELP!
Alivia!! I wish we could hang out soon!! :/
It's really hard to sleep with a broken leg...can't find a comfortable position, not to mention the pain
Oh, that's so nice. I wish I interacted with her more f2f.
Focused ultrasound and MRI will lead to new kind of surgery. -Medan
At my aunts house cleaning
One last day to get your script at the Harwelden Mansion at the Nightingale Theatre for our auditions for Vatzlav on Sunday 3pm-5pm.
Well if you were a girl...
...many of whom, out of propriety, endure tortures even unto death, rather than submit to the necessary treatment by male physicians. (1857)
Was this the week for ramen?!
I first worked in fast food & learned the little things are important, the value of team work & the need for great service
i'm not in kelley. i have no need to take a survey
need a web master? need a web programmer? need a web designer? need a web strategist? need anything done with a website? hit me
And actually, do a double check of the link to the audio. It seems to not be working.
ew your one year older than me, stop acting like im 10
lol i know but ughh hahahhaaa :) but no he is awesome
“: Not a big fan of BL13 To much conflict, not enough inspiration. turning into Survivor or The Apprentice?”
#FF These guys are funnier and better looking than
fuck no, barca would kill them any day
Headache for the past couple of weeks off & on. FINALLY subsiding!! So sick & tired of being in pain & hospitals. UGH!!!!!
. I see. Is it OK for employers to say to employees, 'You must buy this if you're going to work here?"
Twitter & Instagram > Facebook
It's true! RT So fab: The Observer hired as a staff writer...all the full-time writers on the tech blog are women.
join me on twitter
If we can't change the contracts, we need to publish them /
Where are you? DM me ur # pls. Love you, mean it!
Many young mothers don’t have a support system in place. Reach out to a young mom in your neighborhood and see how you can help.
love the dunkey monkey segment on Oreilly
In Bed Watching Sister Sister, Home Alone, Enjoying The Quiet
Carl just brewed some coffee through an old sock...not bad.
quick poll: would you say you spend more time on facebook or twitter. reply with just the word facebook or twitter. Have a great day!
I'd gladly babychuck sit if I could figure out how to seperate you from Mommy. Lol. Guess we have to wait a few months to hang!
Totally sober!
back in jersss! Waitin for #papabear so I can head back to NY #homesweethome but not trying ta be in a car for another 2 hours
correct! Woo hoo!
u need to listen to that E-sauce dis on him an his crew! Thats whats real....
wow! Twitter be hating on you big time lol
If everything goes good I may leave jersey city untill the fall time
Just a few minutes away from an amazing night of music including a 20th anniversary recreation of #toolatjcdobbs set from 1992!
ima b in LA this weekend....
❤ whens our next reunion? 21 jump street? 😍😁
thanks for the show mad money, a big fan
At the #Orioles game? Tell the strangers all around you about Operation Orange tomorrow night. They're all part of our O's family.
I want the movie "Going the Distance" romance...
Check out new track "I'm Back" getting on these rapper's ass
Let's go
Even though i don't know much about the presidential candidates, they all remind of a creepy uncle id rather stay away from.
Nice use of the hash tag!
pandora coming to a vehicle near you
At the Ottobar in Baltimore, waiting for the Dwarves...
thank you so much for a great day on the set today we all had a great time my mom Darlene and thank you
but have you noticed that the heat haven't gotten anything from the transition game?
Well that was 20 minutes of work. Time to test the company's porn filter again.
I hope GAYWEATHER loses tonight... He don't need to be undefeated!
aw well im sorry:(
Heh. I was totally crying a little bit, secretly.
I really love Ricky Dillard...Johnny Gill...honey....
GL James. All of Deerfield is rooting for you - only if we see pics of u reading Mamet's The Secret Knowledge @ table
Follow Me Please!? 54
Hoping I can make it out of the city without a boat.
Drinking water & thinkin its the best drink in the world because your thirsty (until you get your real drink of choice )
just left thi studio in #wisconsin went in like #bowbowpow ya dig
I text to sext.
Im sure that Alfredo is going to come along too. OMG I love the new 18 year old Justin lol.
haha! Thankss. And sorry. You never texted me back.
that's right, sleeping, adele, dog-dancing, and library projects are my next week.
I still can't get over when u was in show !! U made my day!! I Love You so much :))
follow please ?(:
Have your haters make you, not break you.
HAHAHA FRENCH RAP. ME AND LISTEN TO FRENCH RAP ALL DAY LONG. OMFG. but i still fail the french test. awks
What you don't have access to a private plane. You should def look into it.
nice i happy to hear this ! and u r welcome
Freaking tired pues going to sleep good night people :)
The lottery is now $500 million.
Just discovered that Neil and The Queen are the same age.
Thank you to everyone who made Portland Boat Tours. Success tonight. You are awesome.
Looking forward to showing you our cool 3D tech RT getting a head start on what is all about before visiting tomorrow!
It seems like more and more, the apps I use are pure utility and are for information consumption. Games, etc. Not so much.
roroxchox click the "leisure" tab, middle right of page!
Ellis is the worst, such a horribly written and cheap character.
Monitoring 2 earthquakes that hit northeastern Burma this morning, also known as Myanmar
#3WordsForYou Round of applause!..
gurl stay in yo room thank you
is keeping secrets from his computer
Thanks. I just want to see us dancing. I think if play our best ball we can compete. Impressed we do so much with 7 players
website frozen already! Haha. So many non-equity dreamers can crash a website in a matter of seconds!
if you wanna be list in 20 list go follow .. twitt me to list you go plz :D
Be prepared for an #audition, but you're not expected to give a full performance. Know the material, make a clear choice, and go for it!
I love my students. I am so proud of them, I could burst!
French crime drama, Spiral. Excellent
I do use mine as an e-reader, and I love it. In fact, I never use my Kindle anymore.
wasnt towards you love.
Who's going to Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend?
I really enjoyed that episode
Hopefully you didn't take a shot every time he said "blessed" you'd still be crawling around with a hangover.
Obama says Reagan couldn't get thru a republican primary today
update on new #nafsa12 TweetUp paddle holding policy: TweetUp paddles still missing. & may hold answers
I'm so excited for prom this saturday... yay
Haven't been on for a long time! Haha(': hey guys:D
and make one heck of a team!
please follow back. I am new to twitter.
Thanks, Bob! Go Cubs!
Damn got datpiff shut down!
AFTER SIX MONTHS "Midnight in Paris" is now $55.6 US, $75.6 foreign, $131.2 global and is still playing in 38 screens as of 11/13, congrats!
thats what my dad said he would do:) woop woop
Becoming God's Super Women. Romans 12:1,2. Sis. Hope Moore
Thank you!!! We are looking forward to making it an unforgettable stay for everyone of our guests.
Wokee up outta no where . . .
you know it's a Deborah week at the DCA blog when it's all about politics!
Your task is not to seek for love but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. -Rumi
watch out for rockets crashing in to beauty bar austin this sunday with businessman and zorch.
Super stoked for tonight!
Hey, it works!
Don't ever give someone a second chance if they fucked up the first time it's their fault. Fuck them.
good! Yeah, babysitting, I need to start saying no, but I miss my little girls and taking them to ballet :P
I'm only one person. I'm only human. What do the "people" really want from me? I get migraines daily tryna to figure the ways of "people"
*dumb moment* tuna have bones?
shit bro i aint hattin on those squads but they are just to old there gonna run outta gas quick fuckin with okc or the heat
Mulch smell
a good one b/c I will kick a hoe to THA curb quick..lol #2TearsInABucketFuckIt...My motto
Drunk dude passed out surrounded by cats & fire trucks everywhere. These apartments are fun.
Just like the Estrada start, a brief series when a pitcher can't get anyone out spoils an excellent pitching performance.
im sure you will (: the last time I met him I waited 3 hrs in cold without a jacket on and it was worth it
Grab the free shuttle and Come Explore South End with me tonight!
i agree to that
Thanks. Got too excited and tweeted early. :)
Thanks for RTs!
Are you sure she isn't just jumping on the cool bandwagon after seeing Newt with his copy of House of Leaves?
Elliott - Try the bhang lassie. It'll make the Taj even more incredible.
Hanging out at Revolution today; man these offices are sweet
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
LMFAO niggas are puttin money on Steve Blake head...
So far is winning the live blog wars. I've got in 2nd. Sadly seems dead.
I know! Good content, but design is awful!
Get ready for the weekend! Stay prepared with personal towlettes from Patrick's Sunscreen. Great on the go!
Grilled cheese for lunch: Muenster cheese, sliced turkey, and sliced pears. Really Yummy. But of course my 2 year old won't try it. Grrr!
To all my new followers: Welcome aboard Astrella II! Good Voyage! And TY!
Hate to tell you this but people are calling you "Ofor"Braun
i love u!
Had a great show at the A Club last night with 427 and Concrete Grip. Good turn out, good people, good show. Can't wait for the next one.
The #nofilter tag is really grating. We get it, you got what you think is an amazing shot… with a cell phone. Get over yourselves
Well said, Karen! :D
Doing lines in the bathroom. Bad bitch.
Love your FB timeline and profile photo!
Snowed in on my day off. Looks like it's just me and the Black Keys. I love me some dirty, Blues-y southern rock...by dudes from Akron.
I don't pay attention until the day of the game. Who are we playing?
ST 2009 just saved me on a child scream filled flight. Can't wait for 2013!!
that sounds amazing! Do you make your own hot chocolate?
please turn this trash off {the bachelorette}
The video of the Harvard baseball team dancing to call me maybe is so hilarious!
you might need to lose 100 lbs in the next week tho :)
Retweet any of my posts with the hashtag #iwantmyipad2 and you are participating in the iPad2 Givewaway of 888 The Check
Show some love and write your best Blasted joke
Thanks, !! YES it was! The reward of pleasing a client, however, is always a good one!
thanks for the RT!
"The finishes are exquisite, the view is breathtaking no matter the time of day, and the people are wonderful." - Shea and Sameer
#Hawks working way too hard on offense. Need Joe Johnson back in.
Ah Josh Hamilton. I could watch that swing all night. Assuming Cody Ross is also at the batting cage watching for some reason.
is it david guetta?
RT : I'm rockin' it ex officio style... // so that means you get to wear a top hat at meetings now, right?
make some
A lot of extended clips, no actor. Bang Bang!
Tyler Perry Studios having a 4 alarm fire? Not good.
everybody send hate mail. i asked her to send a picture of our class notes 3 hours ago & still haven't received it.
THANK U!!
Finally seeing some much needed rain.
i cant wait till you guys come on the east coast! :D
Hey Jon! How are you brotha? Hope all is well with you? That's awesome! You are doing things Kingdom!!! What City is this?
Never make the same mistake twice, there's so many new ones; try a different one each day.
Open #offices make for some interesting times - I am at the #apex of sound, all 30 people and guests can hear when I sneeze. Ah choo!
Candles & witches, Love it!!!
Carmelo needs to retire ASAP
then don't subtweet me
A: howcome you can all see that tweet? Are there new twitter rules I don't know about?
If I wanted to hit it in 18 positions and eat u out in 9.. what would u say?
": Omgee iT Is UnexceptBle That Hello Is # 5 On The 106&Park Countdown" -_____- Are You Serious
Being there for rides to & from work, scool, babysitting painting study, hold down family house & go todance & socialize is a lot of work
Congratulations Mozart for having your lost work found!!!
When somebody kills you on ya own track. <---- This dude just did. S/O to my man Channel.
The Jerk
I'm pretty positive the things that are in your ear are actually called plugs
Great to have in Charlotte today. Thanks for the advice and thoughts on world domination :) Safe travels
Second day in a row I woke up and had to pee horribly bad
i also wanted to know where i can find photos, mixtapes, music videos... we tryna find out everything there is forreal
I still sleep with the lights on at night for fear of Y2K. I will never feel safe.
Please add a shot clock to high school basketball !!!
I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours & reading your tweets.
my dog needs to stop barking
you said ariana can't sing? haha you just jealous of my cat valentine angelic voice
that would be interesting business model.
who's that fuckin wit u
Just wrapped up 2012 brochure! Featuring:
Every Time I Die : I Fight Dragons : Impending Doom : Machine Gun Kelly : Man Overboard : Mephis May Fire : Polar Bear Club(cont)
Good morning! How is everyone doing today? :) We are launching a twitter account for @ focalpointcorp, any tips besides job posts? thx!
Ah!!! So that's why Lin is the way she is towards Tenzin!!!
My very first New Years resolution...to stop twittering! oh. Ooopsy.
Off to practice.
Anyone who follows me i will follow back as soon as possable
I feel like a failure in life right now... All I wanna do is run away from my problems cause I can't get shit right... It's fustraighting me
to funny. I don't like flying either
Modern LASIK laser systems can effectively treat astigmatism with excellent results.
Watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
too bad didn't ask for feed back on twitter...but she only uses that for press releases, not citizen engagement.
Nick and who is yours?
‎[Campus Bulletin] Today's our 126th birthday. Whoever brings the best cake to Tech Tower by tomorrow wins a semester full-ride scholarship!
Next semester please & thanks.
and , thanks for the zydeco and Hurricane! Best Wednesday I've had in a while :)
Doesn't look like Knicks are playing #defense on Xmas.
Groups of black & white students called rode buses through the deep south challenging Jim Crow Segregation Laws. Learn more
less arty. less design-y. just make it better.
Retweeted by ? Impressive!
hahahah thats our record!!! YOU BETTA LIKE IT. Come to LA and ill put some drank in YO cup. thats right.
Visit interiors from spain's booth if possible. We'd like to show you what we do! This is our site: www.fromspainmagazine.com
thanks for the follow Friday!
LET ME HEAR YOU #PACKERNATION!
Are we ready for sunday's game ... I have to work but will teleport home ...LOL
KC already sounds like my kinda party then! ": BBQ and rob people"
When you are, the city of Houston will be on lockdown
RT : RT : The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
LAVT volunteered with a local school choir - providing care for children can be fun and challenging!
Tis the season for engagements... so keep in mind!!!
No one really changes until they experience something that changes them.
can you follow back? :)
can't get much better than last night bro
yeah it was so sweet
Amazingly, I'm crawling 5mph on I-95 between Baltimore and Washington due to roadwork at 2:30am. Should have taken 295.
Happy New Year!!! You are right...it is time!
So I was talking to my bf about going before the General Assembly of tonight, and he was like, "Hope you impress Ragland."
Finally saw video of "Meta World Peace" and more of his mental illness. Elbowing someone in the head like an untamed ape..oh
The members who command the best service at your golf club either have the lowest handicaps or the highest bar bills.
I was told to get king crab, since it's in season. :P
These folks getting they shit took
"The lunatics on the left are wrong" - brilliance from
Wrapped an awesome character shoot with and actress Rachel Orlikoff...thanks for bringing your A-game ladies! :-)
Feeling good this morning ....Hello world
she didn't text me back either zach.
Watching Dexter. You?
What a game last night between the and the
On the couch watching Money Ball and eating tortilla chips in my underwear. I'm a woman - I swear it!
that's pretty sweet :)
Hello Jacoby Jones. Goodbye David Reed.
50 things to do before you die (Travelers Notebook): #17 Follow in the footsteps of your favorite travel book.
No person in this world has ever been rewarded for what he/she has received. People get honoured for what they have given...
Spurs take the lead into half
Jobless claims in spotlight on calendar
FYI: if you listen to the Jim Croce Pandora station long enough, you'll hear 3 different versions of James Taylor's "Handy Man."
A patron just brought his kids into the library and showed them Title 49. "Want me to show you where Daddy's books are?"
knowing everything that did and you can't even remember what you ate this morning
#preswk12 now: Occupy Wall Street Ephemera. How archives can help structure the narrative of the movement
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
I wish I'd never lost you. I wish I hadn't ever stopped trying. Most of all I wish I'd never left for college.
I was kidding(: I would have if I didn't have hw. At the game I trained today, a kid broke his collar bone!!
We will be the studio guest on DJ Rossstar's Punk Rock Show on Wednesday June 22nd @ 7pm PT (10pm ET) on stickam.com/djrossstar
When deciding between carrots or bell peppers, I went w/ goat cheese.
love you forevs babe 😍😘☺
throw backs with Mr Cee, he's killing it! Dmx - How its going down
Lost opportunity is the result of failing to commit. #notimelikenow so I am on this!!
Thankful that our Precious Lord Jesus thinks of us and His Plan for our Future is Good!! Trusting Him and clinging to His Word =)
#BrittsBdayBarCrawl is on the move. Headed to Cafe Japone in Dupont! cc:
Thanks for the jolt! I'm long overdue for a Chinon bell pepper overdose! Wish I had it with my roasted peppers & sausage tonight!
I was a Cherry Hill girl when I was a wee one. :)
“: Lamar Odom always sad” I would be to if I was married to shrek
Great work in the UCLA/SI piece by -- fantastic reporter, a star back on the LA Times' soccer team, too.
All Browns pre-season games scheduled for tomorrow are canceled due to weather.
Lovely day!
-you don't have to sleep with every guy you meet..
nep.... lawwwddd, jesus ! Uma have to choose in a min ! Dnt say no name ... you already knw !
: it would sure would be nice if some nice person brought them around tomorrow!
It's all fun and games till the wine glass gets broken.
Came back from New Orleans more of a whale than anything else.
Home of some incredible Grateful Dead shows.
found a new app for us early adopters...Highlight. Check it out in the app store.
it's basically a live video feed where people can watch her play games and chat.
cool! ICA is such an amazing space - looks like a fantastic show.
To the girls from 16 & Pregnant you'll have to wait until next year to be wished #HappyMothersDay and 12 years to be 28 & a grandmother.
how did yue get christian beadles to follow yue
- Sounds yummy! what is the cake boss cooking?
Venture Capital and the Successful Company = High Risk!!!!!
We've got #falafel on our mind...
#artpolitics populism in SAQ. He's so cool he produces melodrama around him - Obama.
Did you know coconuts kill more people in the world than shark attacks?
QUOTES: "Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." a__ Einstein
Saint Patricks day is such a perfect day for my mom to be sick.
On from noon to 1pm Friday to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
yes you are watching muahaha
Saw #RoadTraveled tonight. So impressed with the photography!
Pinterest Amazon recommendations are lame. I pinned the book "Hunger" by Knut Hamsun and was recommended earrings!
- Welcome Grant! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
So it won't hurt so bad to see you love again; so it won't hurt so bad to watch as you forget about me.
I'm following ya on instagramm wud ya follow me back?? :D
this white lady tanned till she was crispy black..... She on the news lookin krazy!
I don't doubt that i'll be a good mom... but I'm such a wusspants
and you will be my new favorite customer :) the girls sizes are being reprinted now, so I'll let you know when they're in!
nothin just here oh yea so r u gonna get the harmonica tomorrow
- The Intellect NEVER Helped Anyone, ONLY LOVE DOES!
The #AFCWest got interesting again!
Zach and Avery Jessup Make A Porno
There are two fundamental types of problems: those that involve working on them to solve, and those that involve looking for solutions.
Between earth day and my new spring cleaning issue I am so inspired this lovely morning! Q'viva green livin!!!
PLEASE TELL US WHERE TAYLOR SWIFT IS STAYING IN DC! please please please with cherries on top =]
Why is Chicago/Phoenix always on CNBC? Best series so far. It should ALWAYS be in hi-def.
so delicious with the chicken chile at !
RT It could be the wine talking, but I used to be grapes.
of the cut on the key blank. Depending on the maker, the bitting sequence can be
Today is the first day I have ever gotten ready before 7:00am. #Record ?
i only seen half i watched in on some website cause i was too lazy to go to the movies lol
Watching the Rose Bowl. Again.
sucks man... we are there June 24th again.
can you please please please please PLEASE cover the song 11:11 by ??? PLEASE
Don't play with my heart please? Thank you. It's Hurt
29. how about u?
Perry says Obama had to learn how to work in Washington. And what, he won't? He's been in Texas, fight?
Used to work on 'Hearts Afire' with John and Tom back in the day, and see you on set too. Good times!
So my parents preordered the believe pack YEAH BUDDY they said its my bday present n i get believe tickets too i love them <3
My family is my school of duties founded on love. Enjoying my day w/ my inspirational & beautiful sis
You say this because you've heard Teddy's "Wikipedia song" right?
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
Your welcome it's well deserved.
Every time a child loses a tooth, Sheryl Crow smokes a joint.
for the people in my past, i miss you.. for the people in my present, i value you.. for the people still around in my future, i love you
raging waters..drop out (;
I just used that story in class the other day. I like that they reported it with the psychology angle.
As a beacon for the free spirit, shine on, shine on, oh, Burning Man.
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
at a bar within view of the beach. Whutupppp
Maybe Foxtrot needs it's own Twitter account.
do u have a link to the webcast for today's provost candidate open forum? Can't find it in my email and uwm website is down.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them. - James Baldwin
About to read a book
That's a nice looking group!
Can girls break their vagina ?
Exited to be at the community meeting at S. Marks. I know we can make Marriage equality a reality in Washigton State in 2012!
RT : Not super-impressed with the quality of Zimmerman's legal team.
We will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL performances..1/14, 1/15, 1/16! Thank you Oregon Symphony!
u may have 50000 gf but i have 5000 wives
Is it just me, or do events both global and personal make polytheism seem rational? The gods must be crazy.
RT : Shout out to people who work with passion
At the iOpener Conference in Chicago with talking about enterprise mobile technology.
Imagine there's no heaven. Its easy if you try. No hell below us. Above us only sky. :)
I'm not watching the game but following but why is the sportacular app showing Punto in for Peedy? Is he hurt?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD. >> ALL OF YOU
Comedians on Twitter can teach us a lot about being inspiring, engaging, & witty in 140 characters.
When researching ADD/ADHD treatment, be wary of quick-fix treatments and research that is not credible.
That's EXACTLY what I'm gonna do too! Like guess on everything and then just write a bunch of poopy stuff x) Haa we suck!
I don't know which one is Hall and which is Oates #Macgyver&InigoMontoya
You are very welcome. Continued success!
I need coffee!
The Southeast Anchor Library garden club could use your help w/bulb planting tomorrow 10a-1p. Contact Amanda 443-984-3904 to volunteer.
Nashville not looking so tough now Still think Hawks wouldve done better against them than Yotes. Preds & Blues about 2 b bounced
The Knicks are kicking the stuffing out of the Pacers at the Garden. 98-70.
Vanderbilt fans: Introduce us to Nashville
I love guacamole which has avocados in it so Zayn loves me. Your argument is invalid.
WHOA, Nate the Great gets his barrel sawed off and it helicopters about 15 rows back into the 1st base stands
Florence is gonna perform at red rocks amphitheater in July. this temptation rn
Yes isn't it awesome
I never enjoy my days off, cause I'm usually the man-bitch at home, just like at work, except I don't get paid...
...when a man has absolutely NO CLUE how sexy he really is.
you gotta get rid of that egg ya creep
Kent Desormeaux, Ball So Hard University
Watching "Smash" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
fucking great!! now is a pussy eating, carpet licking Lesbian.smfh there goes my childhood and crush -______- thanks Raven
Walking around the house at night shirtless >>>
Thank God Steelers! I can't bear to see GB win, I would keep hearing that GB wins and Chicago doesn't
let us remember that we all work together. United we stand. We all serve an important group.
Aw, he's got a most unusual look! Maybe someday he can have play date w/ Teddy (my rescue pup who hails from Pa puppy mill) :)
please weave more :)
forreal in my bio it says now all I need is Alex and to follow but idk if I can change my bio
TODAY IS THE DAY! GET YOUR GA & PREM. TIX EARLY @ PEN AIR! BONFIREJAM w/ JOSH TURNER! JAMEY JOHNSON! LEE BRICE! DEC. 10th! YEEHAW!
boring I thought ud be watching sumthin else or calling the brat..lol
XPN free at noon concert: Bobby Long. Woot woot!
You've trained them to put themselves into ur vav bag?!? RT : If I find one more stink bug my vacuum bag is going to explode.
we still home have fun
next time! and yes thank you!
photo shoot tomorrow :)
Like the old song, "Simply the best". Thanks Jack, for 40 years of yum!
i'm still working on my book about you:) <3
I'm sorry adele your overplayed and I don't care for you at all
HyperCities is based on the idea of maps as layers (W. Benjamin) that allow you to tell stories that move through time and space
Rise Against at Warped Tour?! Omg. I'm going. No matter what.
Tricycle teams are where it's at.
Watching dance moms Miami new one come on at 10:00 #team dance moms miami
Omg dawg they Feeelin the speks dude! they might end up in the suitcase lolol...Goodnight!
Second that whole-heartedly.
love that place!
Unnecessary roughness? That got us the touchdown
Elie Wiesel welcomed at Xavier U w 7,000 standing to honor his great work
ya like today's text dont even lie :-p
Had not heard of Widen. Need to look into it. Thanks!
I miss my Jimmy Choo shoes!!
My tv is a little sketchy with this storm... but I can always rely on for her great #CELTICS tweets :)
#Youknowyourhigh when you have a trending topic that's spelled wrong.. You're not paying attention, are you?
Halp is on the way,
Of course! I'll keep u posted on whatever news that drops about the iPhone 5
Hey if you want me to follow you you have to follow me first
If Tim Tebow ends up in GB i may have to become a bears fan....
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy
You're definitely my favorite #DanceMom! Thanks for the follow! I'll have to check out Artisan. Is it on 22?
This is true of all types of libraries RT You must do something new to be sustainable. Innovation must be part of the job.
I think Floyd is posturing. He doesn't want the fight because Pac is a better boxer. The money issue is secondary.
YES!! hahahaha I love it!
"In the next world war / In a jackknifed juggernaut / I am born again"
all mention working with to help with senior transportation
3 years ago it was what? why is it different? why are you giving me this case?
Dj'n at dis party on the Southside #NP FOOL N THE TRAP
World-Peace is the dirtiest player in the NBA
It's all fine and dandy until you realize you have class in the morning...
When did my house become Grand Central Station? Why does everybody come over at once? I am tempted to pretend I've run off with the circus.
Hoping to finally meet you in person one day soon! Are you going to the premiere of ?
It's time to make moves with my life, no more sulking. Talking to lawyers and the FEC today, get ready for something exciting.
. Thank you! Hubs got me a Lancome gift set - Miracle - he said he smelled a bunch and liked the fragrance. What's your plan today?
#iPhone on Verizon...Will you switch?
but isn't that illegal?
PACKERS! All caps doesn't even do justice to my excitement!
Checking out your site now thanks to xo
What channel mcdonalds all american game on?!?
pls RT so sorry we had a malfunction but everything is corrected. You can now go and shop for $1.00. there will be a 15 min extension.
but im gettin' money with these white folk.
tweets got me weak right now! Lmao
hope everything's ok! We missed you but attendees loved your moleskins! Thank you again!
how many points we behind by?
Mikey has some huge junk doe. K.
creeping me out-just did some yard work-a few stuck to the trees but the live ones- making a lot of noise!
bro dude whatever I just followed her
i hate wine
RT : RT : No matter where you are along your career path, we’re offering great programs for you at
Hello world who loves me? :)
You don't have iMessage?
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler, former olympic gold medalist Frank Shorter and ESPN's Rick Reilly on tomorrow! Big show. 7-10 AM, 1510 AM
Lol who steals sprinklers?
Which titty am I voting for?
LOL that's perfect. I kept calling William's death from the first episode.
Ah! I miss you! Thanks for the #LoveTweet :)
*shaman cave achievement unlocked* (it was pretty amazing, pics later)
Where can I get into a game of Bo Taoshi? Anyone want to fly Rebecca & I to Tokyo?
I forgot to do a discussion question, i did all my wrk for the week last night tho.
Lesson: always give it your all because you never know who is watching!
And go! $2 craft beer night! ($3 all 53 taps on the list.)
Watching Hot Tub Time Machine. So hilarious.
FYI :) MT : I'll be returning as a swamp creature.
lots of sports
mope by bloodhound gang >
Corona fer days
I am interested in partnering with H3. Will email you as soon as this lil' girl naps...
Another day, another photo op! What will we see today???
"If I Can't Change Your Mind" was my first exposure to Mould's songwriting.
Noel, Archie Goodwin and Alex Poythress on Espnu right now.
you guys are hilarious. if Masterson gives up a pair of 2 run HRs, the offense isn't picking him up. if Ubaldo does, "pull him"
YOUNG MANTRA IN DA BUILDING
Woman run this world god bless all woman because without them I would not want to breath love ya
I will get in touch with you when it gets close to the date.
lizardmarsh: Killeen TX: Animals seized from abuser Ashley Nicole ...
read signs much
New!! Slow-roasted pulled pork sandwich!
I honestly have never seen this girl in my life. I didn't even know she Exsited :P lol
Probably what they had in mind when they became the main sponsor! Welcomed brain washing! Kudos #runDisney & #Cigna! Kudos.
THAT'S SELF-EXPLANATORY IF U GOTTA ? THAT QUESTION THEN THERE'S NO WAY POSSIBLE YOU DO OR 4 THAT MATTER U EVER WILL .REAL SHYT
Absolutely. It's such a shame that so much of the album's brilliance was so overshadowed by everything else she was doing.
S/o. To all my new followers
One car even rode the line of two lanes debating whether to turn or go straight. Wound up turning right w/o signal. Smh.
Oh Well! Congrats on being really close to finishing!
Omg jus passed up a couple gay dudes and they were checking out my bros azz lol it was hillarious
#CincoDeMayo, #Derby Saturday, AND a beautiful wedding?! What a great Saturday!
MON 9/28 Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Hard Boiled Egg, Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing & Shaved Green Onion
Molly our massage therapist has a couple of openings for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Make an appointment quick, before they are all gone!
Why do we talk to our dogs in such high pitched voices...like, think about it.
Why do men tell me they love my body and then buy me cookies?! :) As if I can say no to cookies!?
OMG! Just heard that the Colts are taking Andrew Luck with the first pick in the #NFLdraft!
#marlinmascot is an accident waiting to happen
Getting buy-in is essential for any library project
Getting set up for todays program and networking event
Sweetheart..you are the only one that has a matching heart 2 your mom..U took care of her fans n I thank U..She lives 4evah!!!
back in korea now?
well thanks!Would finish the week for my family!My nan died this morning, and your giving me crap over tweeting
less then 2 weeks #JERZDAY living the good life
This bitch said "yehp I got two boys. I don't know where either one of their fathers are" smfh
Book reps begining cycle of competitive feasting for my department.
2015 Super Bowl awarded to Arizona! Congrats!
Yes that's probably more likely
Omg yayyy!! you're finally doing it !!
you're welcome
Don't forget to find a RECYCLING BIN to dispose of all the beer, pop, water and juice bottles you drink from this holiday weekend!!
same here. Lol
Ridinn' In an all black benz with the all black rims & we lookin at some 10's through our all black lenses.
aww ok bye(:
Too much king cake, valentines day chocolates, and other junk got ya feeling weighed down?Mardi Gras special 25% off detox services all week
Stop by the Farm and say Hello...don't forget to pick up our strain of the day Super Silver Berry!
"be very careful, this guy is a good hitter" #blyleven on Jason Kendall
So cold here. I love it! Warming up the fireplace and putting the tree up tonight. I love the Holidays! (don't miss the colds though)
should be my 33rd follower! <33
watching inception for the first time! How was your long drive?!
Now I'm the happiest girl ever 😊
Please come to North Carolina!
i think i'll be in west palm beach for a day too to visit my grandpa
pretty sure there are no lines going into Texas from Mexico, Miami is the closest entry point
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 96
Don't think Netflix (NFLX) will slow down. That stock is heading to 200. Call options here a good bet. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sometimes you catch a glimpse of what's REALLY possible & you know you're on the right path... It just FEELS right... No logic involved...
Attn Alum: is now on Twitter. Make sure you follow back!
good morning birthday Sis!
Thanks again for hosting Our Voices- Diversity in Media reception- Had a fabulous time last nite!
Wear eyeglasses with bifocal or progressive (no-line bifocal) lenses? Multifocal contact lenses may be your best bet for ditching the frames
Finally it's beautiful outside.
Broken legs to everyone performing at State this weekend with CPCT's "A Few Good Men"!
THANKS! It seems like a great organization, Your husband is fortunate to help market such a great cause.
just found this joke: what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients??? ***************************** get batter soon
too bad I have to have an account to see who it is and how to apply. Sounds interesting.
Kimbo is garbage, should go back to youtube.
Defer. Yup
Trying to come up with a "tag-line" for new Brausse Group brochure. Any suggestions on how you came up with yours?
My struggle when writing email is to not use too many exclamation points. Yay! Yay? Yay. I am terminally midwestern
At the track meett.. it's quite hot out let me say...
Wow Danny! It hasn't even been a month, and your twitter is already verified! haha
no problem :)
": GOOD MORNING TWITTER <3"...gm
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1 hour later
Blocked 6 people on twitter today. New record. Oh well. Damage is done. I'm done with them.
did you shoot this video? how can I get ahold of you?
Raisin my glass to the great city of St. Peter, MN today...can't believe it has been 14 years already
IF I BELIEVED IN GOD I'D CALL YOU THE ANTICHRIST.
Railroad Blues in Alpine, TX this Saturday & La Kiva in Terlingua on Sunday - come on out folks!
it was time for a change
I haven't had good luck holding things for people on craigslist. What assurance will you give me?
Love your song (Beautiful Life) !!!
Tom Coughlin just walked out of his hotel to his press conf.with five security people that would make the G-men offensive line blush.
Lazy Sunday afternoons are my favorite!
hocks tonight?
you would have a show the day AFTER I leave LA. #thissucks ... You better have more shows in July cuz I NEED to be there!
Getting close to being that time...
Did the highest paid player in #baseball, on the most expensive team in baseball, just make their last out of the season 2 straight years?
every time your avatar pops up my 2 yr old keeps asking me "what's that one?" "What's that one daddy?" Recruiting them young.
#becomingfearless is about stepping outside your comfort zone and not letting fear stop you from pursuing your dreams
It's Getting #LOUD In The Early
I dont smoke dude
Who's got plans that they can't accept an #Oscar ?
Road Atlanta was awesome today!
Talking a walking around the city. Whats up Boston?!?!! Starbucks time!
yeah and who would've thought it would be delish?
Burning the midnight oil trying to catch up on work. Short week next week cannot come fast enough!
thanks that the best advice I've been given by anyone could u hit my inbox with your math if u have time 4 me to HOLLA
If you get a chance, say hi to my longtime friend & women's basketball coach at Concordia Portland, Aaron Christian, for me!
May have helped the future president of Grenada make photocopies today (assuming his leaflet campaign is a success).
i get money && sit on asz at the same damn time !
Hey Follow me Fabolous i am a huge fan reppin INdiana
That's why it's funny haha. The stupid ones are the best.
Turns out stocks more toys than books in store these days.
Perfect combination Curly Fries+Chocolate Shake ='s Happiness
Lolol. Thanks for the captioned pix
Well that is awesome! Congrats on being our shirt giveaway winner and for answering the movie trivia question so quick.
Uploaded 2 covers tonight...she will be loved and little lion man... It's a good night
I'm feeling great! Glad to have the wisdom tooth out of the way and eager to start treatment. :-)
peppermint hot chocolate and the packers game, sundays don't get any better than this, unless the pens have a game
I follow you on twitter in order to live vicariously through you.
Happy belated birthday to YOU!
We have a new line of guayusa tea bags launching this March! We'll be keeping everyone posted :)
RT : "Can we get Jesus tattoos on our backs?" "Yeah, so it can be like Jesus got our backs!" -___- << you love & me!!!
people go to school in Morgantown? Lol J/k honey, how are ya, besides being late.
Businesses over a particular square footage must pay licensing fees for showing broadcast TV
