Keep ur creative tweets coming #music, #voice #dance, #scripts, #concerts,
so glad you could join us and that the Twitter team already has a NASCAR fan!
Cleaning my room and dancing/singing to Crazy But True 143
I had a dream I was a cast member of , I was in charge of keeping Max & Caroline from overspending
Sassy @ Arnold's Feb. 17. Come hang!
stupidity is not a defense.
RT : Culture is meant to be viewed through the lens of the Bible. Not vice versa. God's Word trumps my culture, every time.
#WeWontWork if you keep hiding the truth
“: Like our chances Sunday night with Woodley and Harrison probably out #revolvingdoor #Ravens #SteelerWeek” we will see
Huge thanks to all who attended the Gold Crown Art and Film Fest last night!
Recommend training now C is strong, the health & fitness champ of our family. Should have seen her face when I told her=)
thaks for the follow
better get lots of rest and take a preemptive exedrin. NO MIGRAINES TOMORROW! I won't allow it.
Protesters against the liberal media are already gathered at the Hilton ready with posterboards.
If you're eager, don't bother.
His girls need lunch money for school and filed trips fees.
Why u not sleep
Just walked out of Walgreens with a buncha beers, homeless lady asks for one, I oblige. She didn't have a bottle opener :-/
Full house for DETROPIA at blue note false
League of Women Voters debate today live on Metro Cable 14 at 2:00
Hello Sweetheard how are u ?
Jennifer Aniston Scouts Out Wedding Locations In Crete
Indiana GOP Senate Debate is live on #CSPAN tonight at 7 pm ET.
Leave me go where you belong. Higher heels and lipstick napkins dying is your latest fashion!!!!!!!
Last night u was shaking ur ass in the club but now its sunday and u want to get on your knees and pray......
See you there!
haha I have to use the job aide directions every time
May the fourth be with you
At least you were in your own car. Yesterday I tried to open someone else's!! Nearly died of embarrassment.
. I purchased a pair of sandals I saw on just last night.
Taping the debut episode of Waveform today with and Have an audio engineering question? Ask the pros!
Justin bieber is still a cutie ;)
School. The only place to smell sweaty armpits and ass.
I hate this fucking week
I can't wait to graduate and get the fuck out of here
Oh noes! I like that show. RT “: So it seems that #TheKilling is in trouble, ratings wise. Yikes.
if only, if only the wood pecker sighed... -alexis
I'm crippled! Omg my hand. Wtf I'm an idiot -____-
I hate guys why do they always have to lie and call girls fat!!:/
#sorrynotsorry guys ;; if you're going to #cheat, atleast
Go to bed.
My back kills
Oh, and my #readathon stack is more than 2x as large as my TBR shelf...
i am the female weezy
Now that's sweet!
CBB Fest IV descends on the on 1/21/12 with a bluegrass megajam featuring David Grisman, , +more!
And so it ends! Goodbye Wysteria lane.
One of my favorites!
your pharmacy lines are huge again. I can't 20-30 mins. I would still love an answer to my question. Don't continue to ignore me!
Fort Apache and Tropicana. Mom says you'd love it! They have the cutest stuff, and their prices are pretty reasonable.
Swan Dive was a GREAT crowd on Friday. So, we're back on Wednesday with Sara Overall. Show starts at 9pm. See you then.
Let me know more about your magazines. I'm writing a book about my adventures all over the world. Short travel stories/pics
Woah ladies! When the buns try to stab each other, the meat might get cut.
Prayers for the Pope's recovery.
Coach Jones & I were on it. What PVI did was special. Winning EVERY game in that conf. will stick w/the kids a long time
Ok, so he has a super teeny tiny ulcer - size of a pin head - a little more antibiotic eye ointment time!
What's good FAM... How's things going with your CD Release?
lol yeah ms lisa picking me up -_- I wish u could've been at class last night it was so funny. lol
Probably the most fun I've had watching baseball in a longtime. Baltimore could use real playoff baseball.
Aw, you're sweet. ^_^ I'd love to meet up if you make it out here!
you know I do ;)
Malerie, I've got exiting .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Love that last bit about moose coming into town from the mountains to avoid the snow. Makes it sounds like they're on holiday!
While waiting on I seem to notice we might be the only two people in this building not going to the #Royals game today. Bummer.
wow what agreat set with Wade falling out the whole time from that kidney stone from earlier this week- WHAT A F*KN TROOPER! No Clue kik ...
KBPI's Willie B and Missy are giving away Motley Crue tickets at 6:00 AM tomorrow morning @ CMS!!! Come and check it out!
when is your procedure? excited? keep us in the loop =)
Your welcome...sure will :)
I get on twitter and all I see is tweets about Justin Bieber getting slimed haha #KidsChoiceAward .
wahoo! Love it when storytellers get to tell (at least some of) their stories!
inspirational: Gov LePage of ME:"Now that I'm governor of Maine, there's nothing left to steal". Ladies, start your engines. please. soon.
2015: When the US and China will reach parity in manufacturing costs if trends persist (productivity, currency values, etc)
Terrible news for #Longhorn fans, Fozzy Whittaker tore his ACL and MCL Saturday against Missouri & is out for the season.
name a spot.
new to Android but it looks like the Sensation has a leaked ics rom that has working camera can we use those drivers on the inc2
BIEBER AFTER DENTIST "is this gonna last forever?"
Haha I know you call a bathroom a "lou" (assuming you're from the UK). What do you call the others?
Open today from 830am to 4pm.
just traded street lol
HEY BIEBER HOW U BEEN HOW WAS IT FOR U IN 8TH GRADE TOMMARO IS FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL AND AM GOING TO BE IN 8TH GRADE WAS IT HARD
Last night went GREAT! thanks to everybody who came! We enjoyed your company :)
I've been through it too. After the second time I started speaking out and standing up!
These people really towed my car. OUT OF MY RESIDENCE. I'm bout to show out.
jorge: Now in Kemah. Trying to get over the bridge. Police checkpoint. We just got past. Top of the ridge. one photo and come back he said
just finished an onion bagel and cream cheese and latte at coffeeshop so that I could get their password to get online. I feel like a sucker
I think that is Steve.
My mistake- got two. Though has four. Impressive.
Going over today's meeting. Contemplating schedule arrangements (have to factor in growth). :)
Retweet this for a shout out for my 2,000th tweet! Roll Tribe!
guess what? Today i turned 20! (:
Just Me and My Beats by Dre
hahahaha I'm not MIA anymore but was doe for a bit hahaha
try out SBSChicago this weekend and we will give you $15 off your cut (773) 252 - 9522 :)
#OMGrandeGame Singing in the rain
Wish I at least had a 10th planet shirt on.
#ChildHoodMovies Nemo and the lion king :)
lets get awkward!
Boston Loves what you do!! Your the funniest guy and should get your own show! Keep up the good work! Follow back Boston?
sure I'd love to!
Thanks for the #FF! :D
follow your heart
I will be on the Bill Buckmaster Radio Show at noon. Kvoi, 1030am. Join us.
I hate when my mom is telling a story and says something wrong. just let me tell it.
I wanna dye my hair should I go lighter or darker?
loved the video...
Finally got to see the avengers
MT FTCs David Vladeck:For the mill of peep that bought Skechers toning shoes, the only thing that got a workout was their wallet.
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
SERIOUSLY!! I heard it at like 3am. lmfao like what the hell makes that noise...imagine if it really was a wild monkey
I am love with the idea of dodo transport, and promise that it is worth the wait!
-April, I think. I'll ask 2nite @ and get back to u. Feel free to join us 7pm Memorial Hall, Blanchette Park, St. Charles.
@ #PRIMAL Saturday Celebrity Heat ft. performing #CashingOut 960 Spring St. Downtown ATL
My pleasure, Jim. Happy to do so.
check ya DM! :)
“: cried because I met Fleury and she hasn't #clurproblemz” ABBY YOU KNOW IM IN LOVE WITH HIM!!!!
Accepting your hug and raising you two! Thanks.
Love it! At first I thought it was a scooter patch jacket.
RT Making a mistake is the best way to *really* learn something. Have patience for the mistakes of others - we all make em!
I think I know too.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at AREA 31
Ironically, if you win, you won't be able to Tweet from there.
Just got an email from #Bailey's saying Mom's Eat Free for Mothers Day. My guess is it will be full of poor people who hate their moms.
Doing some BIG BIG THINGS!
Georgia tech did it a few years ago
awww well maybe a different day... Can you tomorrow? Like at 7 or something? I have service hours for school during the day
lmfao omg baby stop
thanks girl!! I love it :)
best weekend ever <3 last week of school this week :)
i really want to come to your show tonight with a friend of mine!! do i get 2 tickets for my RT... :) that will make me smile
Found out what my calling is!! =)
That #BrianBrigade is a very smart man indeed.
What Did You Get Your Mom For Mothers Day ?
OMG Barry flipping Gibbs is here, he looks so young. I just want to touch his chest.
Sent a DM!
hey, Ben. Thanks for following.
Have Dinner for Schmucks loaded up on my Ipod to watch tonight, in case I need comedy relief in case there is a L
My stolen internet be straight buggin'.
it should count more, don't you think? They can make a new "keeping your sanity" requirement.
@ RevRunWisdom, Very true. Praise is wonderful. Mark Twain said that he can go two months on a good compliment.
Pandora is playing some epic songs right now! My my my
Today: take an action with
My uncle always leave our house smelling straight dog ass and feet! That's rude.
Dan! Can't believe you didn't talk to me bcs I'm fat. Lol. Srsly, thght I saw YOU in Sher lobby on Wed but didn't say so.
Fire up those Denon's! Time to go to work! On our way downtown.
no phone till further notice yay me -_-
wow, then I must be pretty far down on that pedestal. Lol.
I've been to every divey Chinese restaraunt in Lodi. Why do I do this to myself every Tuesday?
Ignore the bs and let it fade away....
Going to go see the Avengers today
#iCantBeTheOnlyPerson NOT WANTING A PLAYBOY BUNNY FOR EASTER..
Damn, I always thought libraries prevented piracy, not hurt revenues.
10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will, 5% pleasure, and 50% game.... and 100% reason to remember the name(:
OMG your so pretty n cute that's all yours
Yay to you! I'm pretty sure I hooped and hollered a little when they called your name.
Turns out the collectors edition art book from Mass Effect 3 has tons of spoilers and straight up tells you who the last boss is.
now that's true enough!
could you make the groups searchable from your Community tab? Too many are using ! to get first listing, which is a bit useless. :)
Don't let the money make u until u've made enough.
monday suck!! i can't wait till this week to go on i have alot thing to do and jobs interview and nascar weekend yay yay
": “: 3 grand essentials to happiness in life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope 4!
Tap and hihop were suprisingly boring tonight. Mehhhhh dont feel like being back at schhhooollll
aww thank you (:
I love yal so much cant stop listening to ALL OF YAL FROM MARISSA IN FLORIDA
Oh I see. It's part of his character background. It takes him FOREVER to get to work.
HE DID NOT DO SUCH A THING....
Up on the roof: revamps 's roof bar & cafe re-opening May 18 w breakfast lunch wknd brunch cocktails &
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithShorts Tyler Perry's: Madea's Big Happy Shorts
yea i was waiting the other weekend too man cause i thought we shooting some videos
the offense will be a machine m the defense will look like it used too under chief I think, attacking n more agressive
A newyawka -- good! Be nice to each other...
What are your big takeaways from #SXSWi?
I am so wound up all the time but sit still. Hoping you aren't in pain based on your reply!
Sure, I'm new to the scene but excited to get started! Check out !
yeah for your mom when her kid gives her fashion advice:-)
I'm doinq my best girl... so you still single?
whatever. You know you loooovvvvveeeee Mr. Berry
Merry Christmas week from HT-LA! Stop by this week to bronze up before the Holiday! Normal hours thru Thurs, closed Fri & Sat.
Crazy world we live in smh
Who wants to go to wings etc tonight!!
I think I feel like doing a little
WOW internet is so incredibly slow. I need to go back to AT&T.
Farm to Flight at #SFO gets customer experience. I pay with a credit card upfront and people in back know my name. Not necessary, but nice!
lol, "all mater guys/girls" thats anyone in every school.
and what's your site for your twitter business?
Long night tonight. I'm so far gone
Special thanks to all of you that came by on Friday evening for the Holiday Stroll
the search for a new apartment kicks off today! has been a revelation so far
he is a first round early second guy...just fits better then the other 2 in their schemes
tweet me ? c:
New month, new fitness goals - get started today at Studio 4 Fitness! What are your fitness goals for November?
Last night's story was 's
I coach my clients to do the things that bring them joy or to rediscover fun. Many of them don't know what that means.
But that's the fun part!
but how many times fo they gotta play it? I'm tired of seeing Otis dog out my man David Ruffin!
Hahah yes. RT : Most likely to be the only expecting mother in med school:
Don't wanna be here. Don't wanna go to work. I just want to be lazy
Thank you! It was wonderful having you as neighbors last night!
gabby got #verysick and #threwupeverywhere in my
Tom thanks for the RT! I look forward to sharing and learning more.
#DancerProblems Feet always hurting!
Just sent DCSP soundtrack to for Great Demo Review. Includes local SD artists Satanic Puppeteer Orch., Cabron, Jeph Preece...
Im in...give me a few to collect my thoughts...
Anyone have some tips on not being annoying while internet marketing your company? Anyone?
a speacil someone(;
oh hush, you are travelling all over the country, too! You've been to way more cool places than me!
Everybody needs to accept that email response times are subject to severe volatility.
Anyone know of great #3D #printing #vendors for events? Hit me up!
Lizbeth has the greatest stories.
fuckin Sandra where the hell u been?? its been like 80 years
I'll be traveling in Chicago! Could we try Monday afternoon instead?
See ya Devon Ebanks you freakin' loser!
We love you and our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Your mom was such a lovely woman.
Harry's homosexual is showing. hahahah.
Husband is out of town for a bachelor party...just ordered a large cheese pizza just for me :) catching up on DVR'ed shows
people suck
Trick question. That's because Truckasaurus is god.
Yw or you're welcome! Have a great day!
#Friendships in movie high schools are definitely not like friendships in real high schools.
I feel like a hypocrite telling everyone to stay strong when i'm the weakest person in the world.
....thank goodness you chose Bob Dylan. Your obsession with Randy Newman concerns me. :)
Here's to another year, another chance , another fresh start, another beginning
just wait till Borderlands 2. Looks amazing!
Thanks for the follow :)
Strive for excellence!
I stay up till 1am every night
Thank you so much!
what episode of Kickin it are you on?
What gives ? System update crashed my #DVR. Lost all recordings including my only copy of episode featuring yours truly.
Amen! RT : 25 years after its cinematic release, tonight I have discovered the pure brilliance of #ThreeAmigos! Comedy gold.
Does anybody use LinkedIn or Branch out? Im wondering if I should use it at all
HERE I GO
##FF , for EVERYTHING you need to know about relationship marketing and Facebook marketing - the Queen of Facebook!
He who denies all, confesses all.
Whoa, reporting #bryanstow exonerated suspect #GiovanniRamirez at #DodgerOpeningDay in box seats behind home plate. Wow.
Made a 98 on first final :-) I think it was the beach trip before that did the trick. Three more to go yay!
he'd started being suddenly and intensely cruel to me, both in person and online. it's a long story.
Why So Serious?
Take a shot for me
#EAv Thanks for the action on EAv
No relationship is worth hiding & if you have to hide to be happy, it's not worth having.
I've been so fuckin' happy lately that my cheeks are hurtin'.
Hot 107.1 the hottest station in Memphis
me neither that.place was so good dude
Looking for that special toy at very low prices? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Had to bite my tongue as dinner conversation turned towards the evils of meth. If the newspaper says it's bad, then it's bad.
Love a #lifestyle special getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Starting this Valentine's Day by leaving mine for a few days. :(
Thank you kindly for the RT an sharing our tweet with others! Glad you enjoyed the article.
JELOOOOOO! You made people think that I'm not a directioner because of that freak question! -________-
Get a massage (no, not that kind)
working on that right now :) shirts can be purchased shortly!
. unsubstantiated, but I'm guessing insurance fraud :-/
I was Louis-y.
True. What I like abt travel, in part, is how it highlights what we like/don't about home.
we have the same birthday day. So have a good one. 
All Set to Go to Atlanta. 900 tickets sold already!
I've heard rumors Manda will be accompanying on the keyboard :)
- You should go to Lexington Market. It's one of a kind!
YAYAYAY IM THE THIRD PERSON gave a shoutout to in his new video:) thank
Come on up for the rising, Come on up, lay your hands in mine, Come on up for the rising, Come on up for the rising tonight
Really dont want to be here.
any chance you'll come to Moscow, Ohio?
From the sweetest wine, the tartest vinegar. ~ Portuguese Proverb
what I'm most excited of seeing at the KCA'S is seeing Big time rush win a blimp!!!!!!
shuttle no go will try again @ 1:10:22 AM Wednesday. C U Then abeachdude
fun :) happy birthday!
Thanks to all our exhibitors at this year’s C. Frank Webber. Attendees: This is your last chance to connect with them. Make it count!
is cleaning up Louis Israel Park today. Way to go team!
Morning Rockstars! > Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. - Samuel Johnson
Check out 's review of Room in Barracks Row. And she naturally included some anecdotes and her love of Old Bay.
n'awh thanks :')
do you have a map? because I just keep getting lost in your eyes..
playwriting / show producing conversing with theatre partner-in -crime
fingers crossed. I will sit my ass in a line the night before if that's what it takes. And you will too! You better!... ;)
Such a perfect song for to be singing on right now . Sitting and wiping away tears he deserves this
Which is more dumb, Gluten Free Beer or Black India Pale Ale?
truth be told love who you desire not just who desires you... Love has no color
We love ! A great resource for style and lifestyle.
good night, babe. With yo' fine ass that I'ma pounce in a few.
Caller says FAA doesn't need to do any new testing of electronic devices on airplanes since the Mythbusters already did it.
Preppin' complete. GBC initiate- twelve hours.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!! ;) #follow?
RT RT : DIGITAL HUMANITIES anagrams to MATH AIN'T LIES. I DIG.
Watch Netflix prove that content is king. New Arrested Development to debut exclusively on
Now we're blaming it on a hoodie? Let's smash this crazy stereotype. This is about trust. Trust your fellow neighbor.
Vegas Thursday w/ & the crew
Some people take the michael
Watching P.S. I Love You makes me want to marry someone Irish so much.... Someone find me Hahaha
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
Heard the SCBWI conference was a a blast! Thanks for tweeting highlights.
will Bianculli be wearing his finest Hawaiian shirt?
Not to mention the nightmare of a parking lot.
“: Olivia Newton-John ()—grand marshal of 2012 #Indy500 parade--- needs younger cmte to select these things
I'm on my knees praying for something, Hoping for a change <3
Did FB happen? RT : Speaking of #hologramnabors I think the only way we're going to make this work is Facebook group
COMMONS: There was a great debate among the developers on what platform to use for their project. Ultimately they chose Drupal.
I think you've noticed me once or twice. But haven't really talked before. I would talk to you but your always in line with all them girls
Yes, what said; & do these parents/nannies realize you are not childcare? & this is for their benefit, as well?
I'm wondering the person who invented milk...what were they doing with the cow in the first place???
Good afternoon, everyone. Any local bands releasing albums in the next few months? We'd love to hear them, even if just a song.
these wack ass rappers And Ratchet as trailer park trash on the stage Making me want to commit suicide
Jersey shore
Happy 128th birthday to your bubbly baby Coca-Cola
A friendship or relationship should be give and take and if they can't give any then they can take their ass to the curb
Meant Doleman..sorry about that..
A little bit of heaven, in a shell!
There are the stuck up pricks and than there are the rick girls, whos daddys buy them ever thing they want. Im nether... Thank god!!
I'm a big baseball fan, but I'd happily take the other stuff without the baseball. ;-)
Which I think that's how the whole song goes?? Noo? K.
Way to like guys Frische
Cool, using what hosting company?
How is your water intake so far today? Make sure you're hydrated or you'll be fighting an uphill battle all day. 1/2 body weight in oz!
Become a fan! www.facebook.com/madisonconcoursehotel
Im Searching For...#RealLove!
who let this thing sit in my spot?
On the bright side... since I don't have to save for a trip to New York I can go see BTR this summer! Still a lil bummed though.
Have a wonderful evening!
I think I've been cursed by the evil tiki god of traffic. Strange things keep happening during my commute...
Yes, bleak & accurate. Social networking is such a misnomer-- it's totally public narcissism.
Great! It's always a great time! See you then.
Don Draper looks more like a Disney prince with every episode. Betty is the perfect Evil Queen.
Yes, she does! I loved their outfits.
I'll be on BBC World News Hour Radio at 12:30pm PT today. Broadcasting live from deck of the the USS Midway on San Diego bay. Listen on KPBS
Lots of good plays by past players in the AFC game today...
This guy walks in class 30 mins late every meeting we only have 55 mins
We were glad to support night's Kirtland's Got Talent! Thx for being there! We love military families!
Holding a info session on our Athletes in Service Program. Date to be announced soon!
Ten miles from Pittsburgh. Go ! Only 7 hours to go, are debating if we'll drive straight through ...
don't let my loud cussing, hair pulling display of anger fool you - i really do enjoy being schooled by the crescent roll "open" tab.
Positive note: Julianne Hough, LOVE your black strapless gown! Thank you for bringing your A game.
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. – Robert F. Kennedy
Sure. What's your fancy?
American Chopper & Monster Garage ARE FINALLY collaborating! #HolyShit! I'm so watching it on Discovery...
I think Warner is speaking of the natural parental instinct of not wanting their kids to get hurt. He'll let'em play.
#top100lies nah i dont have paper
at work with the twins...MY BOSS & HIS BROTHER.
You're sexier than Jon Stewart.
me too
Totes hopes that I get this job.
close your eyes. visualize yourself surrounded in a deep blue calming mist, start with short breaths. take in the calm.
Wtf! The power jus went out then bak on! I have to wait 4 the computer to load
headed to cali.
Got mooned by an asian
So much Duke in Chapel Hill
Johnny Depp was house shopping in Peterborough, NH. Gotta love my hometown.
A drunk mind speaks a sober heart RT Apparently when I drink and text, any thought I have goes directly to my phone.ANY.THOUGHT
I want to welcome these new advertisers to Flagstaff Business News: New Frontiers, CollegeAmerica, Bank Of The West, Babbott For Supervisor
#SomethingIWillNeverForget My first kiss
We agree that parent involvement is so important. Enjoy the #saicon11 conference.
RT : [Reframe] Don’t think of it as casual sex. Think of it as… you’re helping your friend have an orgasm.
Wait~ theres a carnival going on :o!! And I'm going to be stuck at work? >:o
hahaha life is a game but with life itself!
2 Team LOCK - IONA MONEY-LINE TO CRUSH PURDUE AND V.C.U MONEY-LINE TO CRUSH SETON HALL . Mike Glover is a man against boys n Momo Jones !!!
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
no chance
yeah I already know about those. I always stay through credits on all Marvel films anyways
Congratulations to Jaylan Tucker! His first booking with MWM will be a print shoot for Western Union!
Ok, I give up. The nose what stop running. Over my dayquil high. Heading to the doctor so I can get a full day of work done.
Be precise in #business... rounding to the #dollar is noncents!
good lord, Paul mccartneys new song makes me want to get exploited for information by a sexy british spy in a Paris hotel.
thanks for the support!!!
I'm god, just living . wby
I'd like to say I was spring cleaning all day, but it feels more like summer.
please join team jackson. all mj fans please show love for the king. Follow me and god bless always
girl, interruted. i watched it in psych. i will never forget that movie.
Me, too, darling. But in that dress? DOABLE!! (says the staunchly heterosexual person)
Fruit on the bottom yogurt bothers me, It would be easier to mix if the fruit was on top
sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies. You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help.
Thanks Farmer Brown!! Have a good Friday... despite the sleep deprivation.
My goodness, Jordan Hill is terrible.
bitch sleeping iz for lame ppl elohel
thanks for the tip, will try that tomorrow as I'm sure he'll be there. :-)
Appreciate the follow, Dawn! Have to get you back on Rob C's podcast again soon... :)
Cool, thanks!
Good to see you at #CoSN12! Hope you had a great flight back
yea get it right hes the best analysis on #ESPN u a hater! The Packers have the best offense ever!! So watch yo mouth!!
Ah those were the days 😌
oh that sucks
Spent the last two hours of my life watching Vincent @ Riverside city BBall. Triggs twins are studs, so is MU recruit Burton
Thanks! We'll check it out after we return from the holiday weekend.
Why can't the news say today has been canceled go back to sleep
i'm voting, so where's my follow? c;
Oh you know we in there Freshlly Blunted too
Nat. "Nat. IQ" seems to be stand-in for developed economy. The real pattern seems to be geographic: Baltic and E. Europe.
"...take lots of pictures and meet lots of gorgeous men with yummy accents." My friend wishing me well on my trip to Italy. Funny girl:)
caramel color in soda & cancer - Who/what to believe? Beverage makers self-interest to say otherwise, but are they factually wrong?
Working on our new logo...anyone have recommendations for agraphic designer?
Devoured Born Wicked by this wknd. Prob should've been doing hw but am more concerned abt what happens next w/Cahill sisters!
Oops! I blame the fact that I'm on my phone. I saw it in the shadows and saw panda-ring eyes and black arms instead of ears.
please tell me when yo it will be good to see another philly face out here
Checking emails before I go to bed.
It getting cold in here, so put on all your clothes.
talking about a show
Happy Birthday Twitch
It's not always rainbows and butterflies but compromise that moves us along.. 💜
Fubar tonight and Busby's West tomorrow night!
VDN's failure to put Paul or Griffin in earlier may have cost them, know they were hurt but....
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
So proud of my mom today. Faced another painful biopsy like a champ. Please God, let this be remission!
We'll be waiting!
Nice! We should spread the word on campus for any student running their own business!
TVs on the moon!
4,600 tweets? Wow, I need to step my game up!
#FF Happy Friday to you!
bro I'm am on my way to dinner from Lincoln's tumb
Have someone shake your chair during the action scenes.
Excited about the new Eastwood movie, J. Edgar. Decaprio is one of my favorites.
you're welcome x 10000000 ;) and thank YOU for your patience..you "rockstar" :P
Today is "Thank Your Mentor" Day. Call up or shoot a quick email to the person who mentored you along the way and say "thanks!"
And contagious. I think you started a trend. (Suggs and Rivera)
I wonder why it takes me over an hour to get ready to go to the gym but it only takes me 10 minutes to go out to eat or party. Hm...
what are those noodle things anyway??
Late start, managed to get 35.2mi in. Thinking of doing some Wolf Fitness Evolution #Kettlebell Groundwork.
♥ I've had a great two days with my Baby!!! We are dressing up and taking couple pictures today!!!!!! #LGBT ♥
Hey #Preds check twitter before 2nd period. Plenty of solid coaching advice like "get it together" and "play better". Hope that helps!
follow me back(:
Time to go out and shovel snow in front of the school. Again...
my friend, I have discovered the fucking awesomeness that river north is. Anything is good
It says his last tweet was in 2008???
So good to know my momma and dad will be here in just a week or so!
Is #geertwilders really that funny?
Watching #HairyBikers on #History Channel eating McClards ribs... Torture...
nothing really, just on twitter! you? (:
With an eye on growing markets, mortgage branch networks are expanding at a healthy pace in states
working on the chi-town venues. Thanks again!!!
Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it. Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle --give hair time to seal in the color!
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me??
I'm watching strange addiction, " dating my car and I snort baby powder" o m g
o forreal.....humph *looks at roommate*
Too close? So you could be there in a few hours right? Or is it because you don't have tickets?
My sewing machine is working again! :D
Is there a road map of future released features that are planned to come out for QBO?
Will be MIA for a few weeks - heading off and traveling for a bit.
Girl please, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
lol the community needs to come together!
Hi there hot stuff!!
I'm wearing shorts....-_- days ruined
Not trying to jinx anything yet, but the Cards are putting a woopin' on the #5 Cats at home. 6-0 thru 6 innings
Lunch of wine tasting at Witch Creek Winery in Carlsbad Village
I have 3D glasses, I usually carry them on me in the event I stumble upon multi dimensional awesomeness :-)
That is absolutely terrifying!
the fact he will say absolutely anything to get elected is enough reason for me to hate him. This is frosting on the urinal cake
i donno what to tweet about tonight... im twatless... lawl. >.<
Hey Twitter Fans Take A moment today and check out the next generation in social networking. www.iBand.me MUSIC and more!
something heavier? Maybe a fully gassed up chainsaw?
This is too good to be true
Yeah--I did it this fall. Very disappointing. Just because it kind of looks like mashed potatoes....
Those art collectors looking for prints from Both Joe Sorren and Nicoletta Ceccoli Storyopolis Entertainment has it in stock.
Highway to the ... DANGER ZONE!
In reality, yes; in the minds of some, it wasn't far enough out of hand.
most definitely. Where are you and watching it?
anyone noteworthy. i'm digging dirt on a story of a food cart entrepreneur of some local fame now. media is always good too.
hm... not really?
People thought I was crazy af when I said that id rather marry my boyfriend than JB. I love biebz but im IN LOVE with my boyfriend(:
Goodnight, fuuuuckkkk today.
I wonder how the last guy who bangs the Bachelorette feels to get the sloppy seconds squared.
brah, u there?
GigaOM Pro report focuses on #smartgrid apps, specifically 6 trends shaping grid evolution. Available to Pro subscribers 4/21.
RT : Point of fact to Mark McKinnon: "Life, liberty & pursuit of happiness" is from Dec of Ind, not a right guaranteed by Constitution
Congrats - that's a great day Passed! I am now, as they say, ABD. w00t!
SOW: Would you like a nice cake with three candles for your party? PIGLET: I'd rather have three cakes and one candle.
I am a real esteta broker in Manhattan. What are you looking for?
WIN $1000! Remember listen between 9am - 5pm for at least 10 songs in a row without commercial interruption. Caller #1 wins $1000!!
Hm? Glad I'm married for 36 years and in a partnership...that takes teamwork. Film at 11.
Maybe one day!
one of my favs!!!
Ugh i really want to meet Austin Mahone!! <3 All those lucky girls who saw him today!:/
Just booked a gig to spin at an auto show in SF this week.
My current smart participants have a tendency to overthink simple homework: misplaced perfectionism.
When TG insulted my outfit, I knew I made the right decision this morning.
I just don't understand sometimes..
Tebow cant Lambeau Leap from his knee! No way MM brings him in. But I get your intrigue.
I'm so sick right now
haha que awite, he asked me fo' your # so i hhad gave it too him
Hey thanks for following back! :)
"What you seek is seeking you."~ Rumi
Good cooking is an art!
RT : Sweet RT : RT : has raised $126 already on check it out & tell ur friends!...
Today's question: What was the FIRST song you ever heard? We will RT an answer at random! :)
millers raining threes. Hell be out wit 3pters elbow rest of yr..its a cousin of tennis elbow
You gotta be a dumbass to get me mad
true story. :)
Mistake me for the other, and I'll remind you of another.
RT : Pray for vocal strength!// Praying!
. ironically the flautist and are likely both members of the
she about to get cut :o
Man ain't they though
Glass-plate negatives show Springfield's past - The State Journal-Register
it b makin me laugh all da time
Hey Adrian!!! Thx~ How r u?
the broncos were going to bring their top 3 back for a 2nd interview, but ditched that after talking to fox for 9.5 hrs
Yes! she really has come a long way.
Just bc ur not invited to everything we do doesnt mean u have to get pissed about it everything
BLOWS MY MIND
*besitos* RT : And screw you ! I'll never be able to get rid of all the confetti in & outside of my house!
are you an introvert?
Scanning Rose Bowl stadium. The Ducks half with green and yellow is impressive, but there's more Wisconsin red overall.
You don't know me and you'll never see me again, can't you make an exception just for me?
. so excited to have you as a style mentor for
I agree
Chiana:I dreamt about running away and joining the circus, but it will never happen. Those clowns are hinky.
love your background on twitter. Right on, hope you guys are killing it in Chi Town.
jorge: Is it called looting when a store explodes into a pile of debris. Opportunistic "shoppers" picking through souvenirs along seawall.
A tree fell on some of the power lines by my house :/
I love #switchfoot :)
“Being yourself is like showing your soul to the world, being somebody else is like showing your shadow in the dark.”
3 hours of must see tv tonight ! First up is tough enough and the Raw !
Kmsl I told tiny he aint hard he told me he is , I said boy you pussy like ya girlfriend drawls he say I get pussy ask ya drawls lol he lame
listenin to some .... love her!!!
I really hope what I'm thinking won't happen ...
How come you are not following fad- check out what we are up to.
Creating advocacy requires finding the passion ALREADY in your category, THEN attaching your brand to that passion.
working maintaining these,bills
sorry you fouled out Cashmere Wright, and sorry about your name pal
#dsoc #sla2011 up early to attend Mil libs breakfast, thanks 4 the invite!
Ya, I love Foo Fighters and dig Avenged Seven Fold. I know the other bands, though I haven't heard too much of their music.
bro I can kill you so bad that everyone would remember me instead of you at your funeral
Excited about your launch! Congrats!! RT : You rock, Ginna! Thanks for the follow. <3 Cee Cee
The fact that Nicki is surprised there is a helicopter involved is reason enough to send her home.
Boy, oh boy. has some payback coming his way.
Hey - Thx for the nice plug in ! We will definitely continue cranking out the books for many years to come!
Heritage beats CA in boys lax's first round of playoffs, 11-9.
haven't had the opportunity yet man, but it's on my to do list for the day. Expect an e-mail soon!
people on twitter crack me up!! especially the 20somethings who think they are all the ... You haven't a clue!!!!!!!!
Theodore from the chipmunks lookin ass!!!
was the cute bartender working?
called my phone dumb in a text and then my phone wouldn't send it... well played eco phone.
Happy Easter everyone
RT : Living everyday happy with who you are makes you incredibly lucky
Thank you!!
Good night Sleep tight! :)
Posting another new song today! Check it out!
But I def cant count those ducks cause its all going to my business.. Focused!!
RT Niggas will never stop being (wait for it).....Niggas.
N I do this everytime smh... missed my beat ! ah !
Thanks for the kind words Richie. As an entrepreneur I'm sure you know and understand the importance of networking! Good luck!
UNLVPD officers go through the same training Las Vegas Metro police officers do.
thanks man I appreciate it
Drunk. Hollywood.
Hope all the beautiful weather isn't too distracting and remember to support #RISD by giving to the #RISDAnnualFund!!
It's been way too long since I've listened to Saosin.
"So I grabbed a candlestick and killed that son of a bitch."
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
has a hot elbow. c: #weirdisgrand ;D
Seconded. RT : "how to serve publics who know how to copy" is a really great turn of phrase. [...]
Spread the word. Maria is looking for peeps who like romance bks, dogs, & gardening. Lonely on Twitter. I barely know anyone.
old school map - love it!
Denver has to close this one out
Nap pods, massage rooms, game rooms and frozen yogurt trucks ... Incredible
Yea it is bro.. What you whippin' up?
Nice chat with Ursula tonight. #feelsomuchbetter! Looking forward to the next few days...
i been iight, just tryna stay busy w/ music! Wbu?..
I'm just seeing that tweet
Omg ur soo lucky That is my dream!!! I wud burst out into tears if I wud Meet them!
Blue man group was amazing!!! I love Chicago...
cool, no matter who wins wrestlemaina will be awsome!!!! :-)
Hooray for #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
it did. Love how it looks but couldn't use it because of the drain. Not familiar with Klip but will take a look. Thanks!
Goal by assist by Beth #werkit girls
Got the 'I Am Sasha Fierce' album on full album oh yarr
It's getting hot on my shoulders....
“: #Dubai airports reliable, fast & free wifi yet so few U.S. airports have made it a priority" Tho Dubai blocks skype!
it is where I live :)
haha i tell you !! , its happened to me
Bored as hell
'Two and a Half Men' -- Renewed for Season 10
I'll just miss you. :-(
I love Tofu!
Get it, Chris!
Somehow, between wine night and now, I ended up with a man in my bed. Now he won't leave. Help!
“: I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole” lmfao
Thanks Jill. Bragging rights in the office!
Our tutors are available for in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area, including Auburn, Granite Bay, El Dorado Hills, Shingle...
...and we're going to make changes to the way we do things so that we find ourselves back where we were in the aughts."
Im home waiting for you
IM GOING RIGHT TOO !!
"The truth is easy to kill. But a lie well told is immortal." - Mark Twain. (I do hope he's wrong.)
A zoom in on your face would be wonderful. The eye makeup is gorgeous.
Watching #NASCAR raceday and the weather at talladega superspeedway is not looking promising.
OMG! Absolutely love Maria & Derek's performance!
Chilling @ Toby Keith
dope! just found it under my bed!
Today's Facebook forecast: Partly boring, increased drama, and a really good chance of bitterness
Brilliant Dempsey free kick strike, number 17...
AND THE SCREAMS CONTINUE HAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS RELATIONSHIP I HAVE WIT MY SIS :P.
Me too. (again, says something that he didn't say something - ya know what I mean?)
"experience is the best teacher." -uncle si
In our horrible economy today are you wondering where to get operating capital? Consider factoring as a great method for quick cash flow.
Economist George Selgin warns hill staffers that #Fed created excess reserves could turn into excess spending and hyperinflation
I use IFTT so that when I favorite a tweet it goes to Can also email w/ #tags in subject line.
“: lf a l ask you a question, you should tell the truth. cause chances are, l already know the answer.”
Oh shit...I'm experiencing 's standard driving. 😳😱😲💀❕
How does an octopus go to war? Well armed :)
Your family is hilarious :) I'd do the same thing if the press was all over my family. Maybe now they'll leave you alone!
3 weeks until Summer, who wants to hang first doe.
Hey, thanks. Good list.
I think allergies cuz that ac at the lab was blowin hella dust
Hope everyone has a good day!
He could pay your car registration 20 million times. Another reason to never move to Cali.
#np randy Rogers band-interstate
Did you know: We now have the best #Gumbo in town. Tell us you read about it here and we'll knock $2 off!
(Side note - don't know if this is true for your industry, but I always kept cover letters to one page max.)
you're welcome 👩(<-- Sadie)
Mañana happy hour with Dj Cruz......
glad to hear that you'll find it of use.
thanks michelle!!!! :D It is always so much fun!
Direct correlation between my home and my life-state. When I'm worried, upset, unfocused, I notice my home gets cluttered.
You're not really fooling anyone. Just because you're wearing sunglasses doesn't mean you can stare without being noticed.
#top100lies i'm different to other guys
It's a rainy Sunday. Rain is nothing more than liquid sunshine!
Never will I let that happen again. #goin hard
#IBelieve Women will ALWAYS have Pass/Advantage versus Men. That's the way it's always been!! Why tho?
yes! It does. I love it! and Im so glad a cool Selenator got it instead of somebody else! ;)
": Damn that was faster than I expected haha #newpromdate "
Can we getta RT for anyone who feels extra BALLER today! ? Cause we feel you!
Making Music, Making Music, Making Music. Working Hard
That awkward moment when you give Rowan Atkinson weed and he becomes a baked Bean
I'm watching this without sound and it's already blowing my mind.
brunch with parents, dinner with immediates. All around great day and ...I'm done! Leftovers tomorrow. Hooray!
ah F yeah!
still having difficulty getting through. Ill keep calling and texting to try and help you and your family out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: "People don't buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it!" - TED.tv. Do you know your WHY?
Hey (: RT : Good mooring
you girl! Looking forward to hearing your music someday soon! god bless you!
! I check in wherever I go!
#Brewers win! See you in twelve hours!
don't make nothing but HITZ mane.
She will be loved - Maroon 5 . :D
": I like where your head's at. Also, cowboy hats at iparty that say "bride to be"... too much?"
Big week ahead... Tv show appearance, Gravity Studios, and a big show friday night in Chicago!
I think Mathai is better
someone ooVoo me
it's no big shakes nowadays but back then it was haha We did a gig at the Jersey Shore at a gay/lesbian "underground" club-edgy lol
"THAT DUDE WAS JUST TOO DAMN LAZY!" bahahahahahaha
: "This Lifesaver tastes like rum!" Me:"Yea, it's butter rum." Her: "I feel like I need to chase it."
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!♥ 4 MORE PEOPLE PLEASEE!(:
Everyone: "Myspace....will you accept this gift we are offering you today?" Myspace: "Yes." [warm embrace] [Myspace boards plane with RN]
agree. but they started the night with 13. gotta think they felt like it was house money. Made sure noone else got TRich.
CONGRATS to Nick Collins & Nichole Lorean and Fred & Sylvia Molina for winning the GET SOME Marriage Getaway Contest!!
Hi! I'm good and you?? Still gettin used to this whole twitter thang!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu! She opened for cody nov. 19th 2011! thanks xo
RT : Happy thirsty Thursday!
Today is my last day of the internship and also it is the Chinese Valentines Day
Wiff &Tiffany. Chillin. needs to text me back.
RT Happy Birthday S/O to gonna have to do something crazy during the 5 or 10 tonight for him
let me take the time to say this: I am SO incredibly happy the brewers don't have this chach.
and a long process, too, if you also have an iPad and a MacBook, too.. AND have to move all your stuff to the iCloud...
lol twitter fuck up so much it's annoying
Did you know: Whiskey Tango was voted "bar of the year" in 2010/2011 and we are nom again this year!!
Thanks! Glad to hear you're "ex" Accenture, too! I think you forgot the hashtag in your vote!
'Aura' is one of the books which has impacted me the most in my life. Gracias Carlos!
wishes everyone a very happy holiday!
So much homework this weekend -__-
You are going to be xcellent in Sparkle...that movie is a classic and you will shine..Congrats!!...Whit as your mom?..OMG!
does you right!
Beautiful Banner... ABSOLUTELY beautiful!
Big Blues win could have done without the Late QPR goal a problem this year. But Torres hat trick made up for it 6-1. And 3 big points.
Thanks for the mention!!
Happy International Women's Day to all the awesome women in my life! You make it grand :)
This treaty is like an exclusive membership for the Titanic. Difference, you had some chance on the big boat.
Nice!! Thank you!
Tomorrow morning at the bus stop is gonna be REAL fun..
: sort of loving the Agassi autobiography. Had no idea that his childhood was so intense.
you bet you'll see me at where #gamechanging begins.
dude had a big azz spidey in my sink :/ so gross
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports & entertainment? #WeekendOutlook <<headed to Vegas
Right near my apt. : Shooting: 1800 Howard Street. Adult male shot in the lower body. Detectives investigating
Happy 4th of July to our fans and their families!
The Museum Store is proud to participate in Small Business Saturday Nov. 26! Shop with us and support our local economy!
i think we can make the list of participants and their email addresses available on via message board
Oh thanks...and you too! (:
Just got a new follower a few seconds ago that makes 50
We're now running #BuddyPress on top of Blogs@ Baruch. Let the academic connecting commence!
yeah girl!
really??? im there! call me
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
I hate macie..
Hot as hell today in Austin....really miss training camps...
Avengers was amazing!!! A must see!!
Just hope it's fun! RT I'm loving HEART OF DANKNESS, btw. Completely fascinating and detailed, and best part, lots of you.
Hey Maurice! Thanks for the follow!
Only if he uses the rally to officially take no position on state issues, Romney-style
Goodafternoon ! Sexi young brunette playmate here ! Come check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
hopefully the only reason VY is let back into the facility is to clean out his locker. Time for VY to go bye bye.
guys who mess with girls feeling piss me off
First things first: I need my complimentary shot of
Ice cold water right now
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Don't forget to vote for !
Everyone in a zombie film is a marksman. Head shots every time.
To Virginia I go. #statehoppin'
“: Best practice to allow for RT. Use about 130 characters #amasalunch” like this?
I do what I wanna do wen I want to
Do you have a Tumblr blog?
I am so over
Can we open for you in NY at one of your shows.. pretty please please!! We absolutely adore you! <3 bri
sitting by the pool looking into stars.. dogs bark. soft took some random test to see if i was clairvoyant, they said i was just normal phew
tshirt totes anyone?
True. But illiterate folks are cognitively functional, unlike, say feral children, I think is 's point
If you had a chance to get ya virginity back would you???
Trying to get my thoughts together. Happens to be a difficult task.
6567 Santa Monica Boulevard baby...6567 Santa Monica Boulevard...
I don't eat fish.
What is indeterminate sentencing? Example?
Torrents keep me up at night with there download this and try that stupid addicting computer...
I'm craving a pampered ginger juice from the boys.
The awkward moment when you've been a fan since the start & you see everyone else getting retweeted & followed. 
I like the song, and i following you alredy :D
Babies are like the newest jordans, everybody's gettin them..
Justin. You should follow Me <3 (:
lol you know who I'm talkin about(:
Getting the distinct impression I massively underestimated someone I've known for years. Wish I hadn't, b/c they're awesomer than I thought.
finna' be there about 1230. You?
I Ball hard.
Been working on leveling bricks all day. I think anyone who had spent all day with a level in hand has wondered, who leveled the level?
Former foster youth Danielle Jennings shares her story of abuse (her father just learned 3 days ago).
Sliding slipshod through moments; sand in teeth crunchy as the hourglass spins.
Girls night in for my daughter and I. Movies, junk food and nail polish. Of course later I'll make a Mama drink while she has fruit juice.
Lifetime Movie Network all rainy day!
I saw real life players in a real life #MLS ad on NBC (Sports Network). God must be real.
HEY im seeing you in concert OCTOBER 7th @ REDROCK CASINO but i will be in the far back wish i was up close, at least i get 2 go!
I WILL CRASH LIVE NATION && TICKET MASTER FOR THAT #1 GIRL TOUR JUST LIKE I DID 4 THE JBIEBER MY WORLD TOUR!! IF I WANNA C MB IMMA C THEM!
What'll be his job? figuring out how to better snoop within other peoples bedrooms? or women's bodies?
I really hated the part in the matrix documentaries when the flying squid robot machines shot up that dance party.
Together Everyone Achieves More.
I wanna guy thatll sing to me...<3
What are your goals for this weekend? Don't just let the days "happen". Put some purpose to them!
Jealousy is kicking in.
another bad day w/ my bullies
Abt to lay it dwn with the only one who's opinion matter...Im not goin to feed into people stupidity bcus im bigger than that..With smiles ♥
Other hallway themes are video games, tv shows, and music.
What about the animals?? Jerk. RT Shoutout to all the people out there.
I will.. After next week
Warped tour bound and so freaking excited!!! Can't wait to spend one of the most amazing days of the year with ! :)
Watching watching himself on twitter .... Sort of like inception...
i love u and u look cute ??
Jeffrey Tobin says the mandate is dead, so let's all pack up and go home.
God made love a challenge <3
All my successes have been built on my failures.
the part where it keeps crashing :-)
Guess got dress .
I went to the Chicago date and was blown away (in 1998)
Today was literally the best day ever.
I don't believe in. happy endings
Kindle Lending Library likely a sweetener to move those new readers. Wonder if/how it will affect library k-lending, which just started..
I be blanks out sontimes yo..
1 of the things taught in journalism school (& as u know, unfortunately) is tht u will be fired. Better u handled it w/class!
And now I see that the article is talking about Michael BBerg. So much for paying attention....
Are you serious
Um, that weaponized caffeine sounds *intense*. I am intrigued...
I just want to talk to
7 more days of school including weekends. :)
How to cleanse the palette with some 2 girls 1 cup.
Dinner at Herbsaint's in NOLA. Turns out that pork bellies are NOT just like bacon...
So far, I'm liking the draft of The Mighty Green Bay Packers.
Leap year means we got 9 more days for spring submissions! Deadline March 1st! Theme: community!
round 2... Tick tock yo times up, imma surprise u like when lesnar showed up.
Happy Halloween! Doing something special at your martial arts school? Let us know!
Hey! Sent you a DM back.
Did you know our MJTI Network site (mjti.com) has all kinds of useful articles, videos, and blogs. Check it out!
Yes, amazing would be all of that + your butt snuggling with mine & T-Bone's
thanks! but not sure what it is that you wanted. =P
Just heard a woman pronounce parfait parfet. Woman asked WHAT and she said it 2more times.
Life isn't about how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away.<3
Sleep has been guiding me toward solutions, which I find totally extraordinary
- anytime buddy. You tearing it up in Cbus!?
Happy Birthday . Have a good Friday!
A girl that i never met added me on facebook last week, last night she waited on me at bar louis, didnt talk, freaked, any suggestions?
Is it wrong that I live in the south and I don't say "y'all"? 😜
Eddie Murphy Delirious a close second
Dr. Jen Rawley: Children by nature are good or at least have the desire to be good
: Thanks for the Kids Club feedback - We think it's the best we've produced so far- The Verlander drawstring backpack is very cool.
good job bro! Keep pushing you'll get it down no doubt
Nope, that award goes to me.
surprise me! :)
what is going on tonight? Anything outside?
Books featuring birds could really afford to have less egg word play. An egg-cellent book it does not make.
college classes :)) yay!!!
Thanks for the #FF!
Me and Dylan's crashing for tha nite :D haha. DylanMyBro!:P
Hates the show Archer
Off to NYC for league meetings. Should be a fun couple of days.
A car with a dictionary. Has already settled many a car bet, i'm sure. Gotta love the Map Room.
G.M. to all twitters...topic for today is to stay positive and stay focus .on all things and any thing that you may accomplish.!!`
unless, well...it actually is soul searching. Your cynical assumption doesn't leave room for that.
Ok yes I will be in touch this week. Hope you had a great holiday
"I feel like an idiot, but i am an idiot so it kinda works out"
OMG Adorable on Leno!!
I stupid. Apparently John moved the stuff inside so that wouldn't happen.
Need Beatz / production work / studio time ???? @ B.H.P Black Hooded Production HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1
What a small world! Haha!
Boggled by the possibilities for promoting your library's OverDrive collection? Focus your efforts with a marketing plan....
I new that was you I wasn't sure hahah I'll say hi tomorrow
Lake Placid is a weekend destination for #AAU basketball teenage girls. They're everywhere!
don't let Fred fool you. He played all those keys himself. Yep. by himself.
Definitely one of the best Karaokes in the city!
Usually at this time of day my tweetdeck gets really laggy. Will tweet as much as possible.
hey, hopefully Wake will be ON tonight, and feel the bats pounding already, the D looks ok so far lets not Jinx em.
To all of friends who dedicate themselves to teaching kids, I raise a glass to you all! Most teachers deserve much more than they receive!
I mailed your autograph picture of Cameron Mills yesterday! :)
Emma Donoghue presenting at the Lambdas!
Very interesting that brain surgeon was your guess.
missed yaa today :\
can you please follow me ? <3
#vaumc conference offering to brazil mozambique & Grace ministries arlington.
I deserve this one
hanging out with my family. How bout you?
jealous! can't wait to see this, you'll have to tell me all about it!
Perfect timing. I will arriving at that time as well.
Continuing narrative medicine w/iPads pilot project. Repeated pt feedback: You should do this with every pt, everyday.
GAH! Even my idea about ideas was already someone's idea.
New month, new business...despite being Monday, this week's off to a good start!
RT :drinking a beer out of my adobe flash on tap glass and designing some stuff for the BoNE show. next thursday, be there!
"LadyFyre" sounds like the name of a trans stripper.
It's almost draft time! Perks of studying in NYC this semester? I can go camp out at Rockefeller all weekend! Pics and vid to come!
What exactly is a natural cause to die from?
The cat pooped in the sink
Happy bday! RT : Happy birthday to the Points Girl & homegirl ! Enjoy your day!
The lady cut my hair too short
Day 2 home sick and my 6 year old is organizing the crayons by color. In preparation for a crayon tag team wrestling match, of course.
and how do you have the nerve to say such a completely uneducated thing look in the mirror
A total of $350 just to get my taxes done this year!
“Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive.” Anonymous
Too many cute couples.. I shall go die now (:
I WENT LIKE A WHOLE FRICKEN MONTH WITHOUT ANY EGGS AND NOW THEY ARE ATTACKING ME.
I'm not sure but I think I gave my brain a hernia while working on latest book.
I am so stupid, I swear.
Finally made it to Jacksonville! It took a little longer than expected, but we made it safely. I'm excited to take a look around in the morn
LOTS of Food Specials @ THE SMILING MOOSE TODAY like our Creamy Potato & Bacon Soup, Cajun Chicken Sandwichs , & Some Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
good night
Thanks for catching that!
scared? you should be.
Man... Zankou chicken has really raised their prices!
tough to call in a division loaded with pitching! Maybe a pitcher this year?
<3 I love it :D
Fan base won't go for that. With seats already empty and support dwindling, have to try at all costs to win now
FOR THOSE THAT WANT TO HELP GET FUNDED - FIND US ON KICKSTARTER!!
My Galaxy S2 is supposed to have 16GB of storage, but it appears to only have 2GB in applications. What's up with that?
Me, Myself, and God #AllINeed .
thanks so much Gene!! Love to hear that for you and your wife!! Loving every minute of married life so far!;) Happy Holidays!
At least we aren't the Knicks. Am I right?
I Love The Way You Sing.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get One Of Your CD.!<3
haha yeah I've been up. I had to work at 8am so I just watched the game from my home.
RT : Our whole crew had a great time last night and served up some fantastic food! Big crowd last night
Wow that was a powerful statement. How wonderful you have truly impacted him for sure.
Top 10 Reasons to Vote in the LISSA & ALASC Elections: #10: It's the most conscientious way to procrastinate that you're likely to find.
How abou this: Propose to him?
ah you have your days Lolol jkkkk. You're a sweetheart :)
I would rather see a team in St. Louis than KC. I don't want our fan base to be split. We would have one hell of a rivalry.
When people can ruin your day by saying just five words to you... I need to take a nap lol
#whenIwas13 I didn't have a #smartphone or ! What did I do with my life?
If you think deception can't be in a pulpit ...think again. Pay attention to your children!
Archaic does not equal authentic. No one only re-reads past chapters in a book because those are the "real" chapters. Life is a story.
Like always, keep treating me differently.
Small victories? (Also, I just tried to "like" your last tweet until I realized...)
don't do it man!
Thanks. I think they liked it so much because it followed us around the zoo for awhile.
Twitter IS working :-)
This game so live like forreal tho..
Seriously can't wait for to be back in San Francisco! It will complete my life, I have gone bonkers without her :/
West Palm Beach went very well!
"Great leaders know that leadership is a social construction; they are just playing 'leader' -- it's a role." -- Douglass Rushkoff
RT: Every person deserves some one who makes them smile & laugh at their worst moments. We all deserve something better.
Good Monday Morning. It's time to Move Forward.
Wow, I was horribly wrong - I called a 2 hitter from Suppan, the Brewers managed a whopping 4
Sometimes I wish I could dance.
KFAN is doing a wonderful Groundhog day bit this morning....but what is more funny is all the people that don't get it.
Like most kids, those with ADD/ADHD respond better to rewards than to punishment.
thanks Darielle! Glad you liked..:)
I always try :)
well thank ya very much ")
Trained shoulders tonite. Quick and heavy. 45 seconds between sets. Give it a try. Wow.
I haven't done anything yet. But yes
Even if they won't know the origins, I think we can keep the 8/16-bit style alive. I think it's our duty.
Originally planned to see it at the end of the month but it's not going to happen. I'm a HUGE fan of Nicole Ari Parker.
Congratulations for your win last night!
Billy Tibbets should be able to sign with the predators then.
RT : "Citizenship is not a passive function" - TIME's Managing Editor Rick Stengel addressing the 2012 Butler University graduates
when i french kiss..
is very excited to be serving tomorrow.hope to see you there!!!
ill turn you on, whats your email address
on twitter and checking my email
i think i will go for a run tomorrow... gonna bump it up to 6 miles
Looks perfect!!
Thanks so much for the kind note Randi!
Got a Sinus Cocktail Shot this afternoon, so hoping tomorrow I feel better. Doing Research in Alabama and they migrated to Lake Co., IL.
Amazing actors Sang tonight! Robert Alan Beuth, Susan Leslie, & Tim Bagley! Thank you much for your support, I really appreciate it!
I wanna give back to my daddy if I didn't he made sure I did and we did prom all by ourselves with no help
thanks for coming to the LeDroit Park Civic Assoc meeting. Great info on DC Public Trust!
Line up
Ever see #freedomwriters about students overcoming adversity? Breaks me down every time.
What like $6 for a ticket?
were glad you like it!
i followed him! :D
Book club alert: Check it out NOW
For the record, you have to go to here. Been solid all year. Have complete confidence in him.
Thanks, Karen! has given me a lot of joy in my life, directly and indirectly.
keep playing hard and what a game! Your the double double leader in the #Pac12basketball!
Ducks win!!! My husband can finally sleep peacefully :)
nice! have you ever tried fundraising with the Entertainment Book?
Don't take a chance! #CysticFibrosis is not a "white disease" My husband is #AfricanAmerican & carries the gene-our daughter has
dm programmers rock.
Only 20 more days. We are in countdown mode for #WorldofConcrete and #Surfaces, are you?
Sometimes people deserve a second chance.
RT : Check out my first hand report on 99% spring, a great idea that can be completely negated by lackluster organizers...
Many blessings and doors opening, thank you God! Bendiciones para todos!
Call me asap
It was great to connect with you in Boston. Until we meet again!
And when those same two people got together 10hrs later 2chains inked a deal wit def jam....yea Oprah that baby mine
#twitterguy trend is boring!!!
wise words!
Love the hat you wore in Cabo. What was it and where can I buy?
the peace that surpasses all understanding
BREAKING: The #Saints have selected interim interim head coach Charles Manson to run team during interim head coach Joe Vitt's suspension.
Congrats to ARTS' founder and director, Matt D'Arrigo for winning the People's Choice Award at the 1st Annual SDFAS "ArtAwards" last night!
I just need the money by the end of May if that would help
So much energy, music, and an occasional tough story. Such a community here tonight.
Registered for classes..getting ready to go to the keys for the 4th of July
Big time job. Oxymoron.
#Actors add change clothes & clip nails out the window while driving stick in traffic while telling mom about ur audition to Special Skills
that is so cool! How'd you make it?!
Ohh thanks,i know its just not the same without me. First hour is just too early..
BENEATH THE SHADOWS by Sara Foster looks like an interesting read.
hope you all are okay out there!!! Just saw you have a tornado warning!
Re: coral snakes: Ok sweetie, if you see a snake with red and yellow like McDonald’s, it’s bad and you should run away from it.(Bell Museum)
That's why Matt jumped. Reminded him of high school.
New apple tv 1080p is legit
You Bet! Best of luck tonight! Don't be a stranger! Pls tell Gail Levin Hi! :)
i miss u alot! when is my juju bear coming back?!
excited to try out some more Ranger$ videos tonight. Best part of my day :) Ha, obsessed!
Can wait to get home so i can start my lasagna
1/12/12: Chicago's first snowstorm and a happy quarter century birthday to me! Cocktails to celebrate, 1/4 of the NYC girls have arrived :)
Put your beds back rumpus time is over
Dude I Really Like the Guy! ;o
five days till a month. But its a fucking necklace no need to wash itlm
Intuition is really a sudden immersion into the universal current of life—Paulo Coelho
Thanks for the follow! Check out my partner in virtual crime & our video game blog too!
ugh! So tired!
MIL/OKC U212? I think that could go over by the end of the 3Q. Good Luck
I would still prefer President Herman Cain over President Bachmann, President Perry, etc.
Indeed! When time is money, people tend not to waste it. How to fix this in academia?
Shut up..
Who want to be my #1 MAHOMIE friend On here??:D
Pretty sure they don't have wifi there
Black and Yellow?! More like Black and Blue! :-)
are you in NYC? BBQ may be one of the only foods that's better here.
Oh my lawd, this guy just said tyler bray sucks. Hah
Goin over the ladies house tonight
Buck's Tavern this Saturday, 9pm. Acoustic trio this time! on percussion.
It's always my fault.
Latino parent engagement is essential for the #edwaivers process. Check out English and Spanish resources from
Who Wants An OG$FTA Tank Top OR Shirt ?
Great Interview Preparation: "And if hired, how can you make my business stand out?" - Scott O'Neill, President of MSG Sports
anyone know of any places that are #hiring in #Chicago?? Seasonal, short-term or long term??
just wants to update her stalker... I'm at longitude 345789.24 & latitude 578754.70 and I'm cleaning my gun.
RT If Islam is a cult then so is every other world religion. You have no idea. Do u even know a Muslim person? | your point is?
It's good to give thanks & praises.
Folding a fitted sheet.
do we know when JFK will be open again?
it's taken me more than 17 months, 26 days, and about 5 girls to forget about that whore!
wondering what kinds of "celebrations" or "thank yous" others close out the semester in the WC with
not only that but you have 13 million followers now!! YAYY <13!
haha omg! Silly girl!
This is Getting Kinda Boring Lol.....Wanna Play Truth Or Dare?
Happy Mother's day to the best mother in the world!! :)
Soon! May 7-19 in Petrified Forest. We've applied to National Geographic 4 funding 4 Fall 2012 - during the school year!!!
It's very important to provide cues about users current location on website -> easier to orient themselves.
- i Caint Stand A Judgmental Ass Bitch . .
thank you- as my first order of business it will be make Sheen hit up SXSW! Lol
at least half, and quite possibly 3/4 of the NCAA soccer final four are going to be teams from the ACC.
Wow - that's tough, but you're right, coming back from 12 down is huge. Congrats on the great season.
rough one for Chelsea. Thoughts?
But I check the mirror every day worrying that my hairline will start noticeably receding. A man's biggest fear 😠
yup this weekend i ll get at you
Everyone and their cousins are in a relationship and I'm just here like
Checks such as ... what?
Underground Hip Hop scene > Hardcore Punk scene
u suppose to been did that!
Just because it's called make-up... doesn't mean it's supposed to makeup 99% of your face.
this job needs to call me back, the anticipation is killin me
A midget goes to the doctor and says, "Doc I have an itchy cunt." The doctor burst out laughing and removed the midgets ugg boots.
"have fun watching the game with your friends. LOL." -your mom
Dose up on immune builders vit c, astragulus, and garlic among others.cont'd
Wanna see if my mom'll take us by Party City? We can hunt for one there.
RT : I think what makes u great is dateam that u surround urself with, they keep me so motivated 2do be better everyday..
heyy!! Sry today I woke up rly early and then my study hall teacher took my phone :(( so I just saw ur tweet
Io is a possibility.
Nah, it was History : Mitt to Newt: "Call it what you like. I call it influence peddling."
Any teachers using pinterest? If so - what are you using it for?
who knew? I has never seen so many kine. How am I doin??
Midphase is dirt cheap and I've run a ton of #eecms sites on there. I prefer slightly better hosting, but they work in a pinch.
We think so too :) RT Sun Stand Still book+coffee =a great way to start out your morning!
#Spectrum12 Join us for Karaoke at Lovin' Cup at the Post conference Monday Night Meet-up
Just rented my first car. I feel all grown up
The joy of playing is that you are engaged fully. You give yourself over to something and lose yourself in the pursuit.
We're going with 4by6 for biz cards - thanks for the recommendation! I'll write up my 5 vendor review soon
No shit? RT : Just wanted to point out that I've always dated McLouth.
Wis. state Sen. Alberta Darling: "Compared to our neighbors in Illinois, we are a star."
Thanks We're so glad to have you supporting us!
I thought you were asleep...
Wow Boston pitchers are terrible. You really gonna give Teixeira a high & away pitch w/ 2 men on base?
