long enough to notice yo swollen ass pancake face
Big day for the GOP!
That is so true! "sadly, the silver lining had prob been under their nose, too blind or greed for the gold to see".
I just landed in Dublin. It is so nice how everyone greats their families at the exit. I can't wait to walk trinity and temple bar
Ugh i dont like it, i dont feel it
thanks! Please repost it if you have a chance. It was so much fun, I want everyone to see it, haha.
Oh my gosh! Shut up! You're drunk? :D PLEASE tweet about it for the rest of the night. OH and make sure to be illiterate too, k? -.-
help with a show there!
wishing life could just come with directions...
Yall bitches not bad with beauty supply store sandals on..
they have nothing else to do
Thanks, Fred! Look forward to seeing you!
Its official I'm tired and cranky...
Lol. You should do it! I was afraid to do it, but I did it & ended up on his show! I think you should try! (:
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Let's keep up with this one shall we?
Practice makes perfect..... Working on my left hand.... POOF!!!!!!
#DASER Rothenberg "the best example of camoflauge are cuttlefish."
agree. go to the tupelo honey cafe. yum!
how r u?
that rondo just got burned
Alex Got This Ugly Hoe On His TL Too Smhhh
All i need is my music
We could always use both or change it up depending on the context. I searched #vivi and it looks like a lot of Spanish speakers
I will just will win just wait and see
its k
I'm gonna be so sleepy tomorrow at work. 😲😔😒. Finally turned everything off and getting some shuteye 💤 GN #TweetHearts ❤
Milan blew it from very START of season, no decent result against any top opposition in Lge, major injuries worse than UTD easily
I hate when people don't know their networks. It is the fastest way for me to tune out. Pitch me on Linked In and I will report you as spam.
Hey love please follow , for all of the behind the scenes of me;)
See you in 30 minutes friends. :) 8:05 start time
The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person's life. William Wordsworth
I agree with punduts who say this won't sway many voters one way or another. Big Guy made the right call.
Can I get a what what
okay, okay, sorry :P
"he probably grew meth"
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :D
Well, not single anymore
stay fresh
": Game postponed. Single admission DH tomorrow. Who's coming to watch the boys play 2?! #ALotOfBaseball" I will drop bye.
I still don't understand how these women on Maury can be a "million percent sure" he's the father... And he's still not.
thanks! good news, auditions will be announced soon!
#youknowitsfinalsweek when you don't see your friends because they're finally studying for once...
Preachin to the choir...ya live ya learn, doesn't mean the realization doesn't suck any worse.
I question 'truth' only in the context of the many voices that remain marginalized/absent in social media, archive-making, museums ...
drunk txts from the ex on a sunday <<<<<
hm well look at DT hes DT haha :D ill think of a nickname for u!
Just gave in to twitter, meaning a little bit more privacy just flew out the window. At least it went willingly...
Doing my sisters Make up for her 8th grade Prom #WingingIt lmao insider with
The movie #Haywire looks really good
You have been assimilated.
are you considering US applicants?
Have you heard of ?? He's one of my favorites and ACTUALLY writes his own music and is going places :D
Formulas are great, but you have to be creative with them and know when to break away from them.
lmao sorry - will come on more then :P
it's okay baby I love you so much i miss you and me and Emma will be asleep when u come love you baby *kisses* @>-----
LABJ Circ Dept is hiring a New Business Dev Rep. Great opp for recent college grad or 1-2 yrs exp.
New EP is available for digital download on www.adamevolving.com on the merch page!!! Spread the word!!!!!!
Awesome meeting with today - watch out
Why is brown rice so gummy? : (
Showing staff wordpress
Pah! Not fair. So.. if I had a question about your site where would I email? ;)
I saw your post about Danny! Ohemgee!!!<3
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
my neighbor's dogs won't stfu, I'm about to go crazy -.-
Every time I think about you I get chills everywhere
You have done a great job as miss Venezuela!Congratulations!
holiday greetings to you and yours!
RT if u ever seen the show Kenen and Kel its so funny
baby i found an xbox and i put batteries in it so fabian can play and stuff ur welcome hey now we can play together <3
Cause of Death: Failure to Keep it Real
r u serious???!!!! WOw LOVE you cuz
Off to bed, didnt make the 800... who knows what will happen whilst I sleep?
yes u can.
Yep we went there last July. Had the Kolsch.
What if there were no hypotheticals or similes? That would be like...
dear I loved having ya'll here in #austin but please go home now. I'm done. Thanks.
answered again
Sorry, I ran out of lighter several semesters ago.
Thank you! Will we see you guys on the list next year?
goin to Calyle house till later. You?
have an ? hate when it corrects SO to DO all the time? go to keyboard shortcuts and make one that is SO and the shortcut is SO =)
u go girl lol
now they trying some reverse psychology BS on me hahaha
Sunday roast at the queen vic today.....yum!
sweet bro:) help us spread the word!!:)
Food, is calling me.
12 days of school left. #yayy(:
oh sorry! no tv! but fantastic happy hour and prime location. :)
Just realized that Brew's twitter is actually Sorry for making you follow a random dude.
is excited for the possibilities of the day. Happy Friday!
#ThingsIDislike LIE'S!!!!
just found your iPad video on youtube - great work! will share with my teachers!
Dresses with elastic waste bands are NEVER look good on. They look cute on the hanger, but then you put them on and BAM...Frumpy
DO! Is the side im on. Lol
If you're not already, give a follow right now as he tweets exclusive images from the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
goodlookin yo, i just been busy dawggg strugglin gotta do good in school, but im out of school now so pressures off especially
"Bring out your inner sparkle!"
First Lost in Space, now Stargate. It's like every awesome movie from when I was a kid is on tv this morning. What's next, Waterworld??
It was great Brett...so was the Wurst Times bratfest...
Really smart girls open books, easy girls open their legs and girls like me open their hearts to easily.
#ineedtostop following : I just kissed my dog on his penis for practice in case the NY Senate forces us all to marry animals next
Just always always always use a chain lock. The steering column locks too, so sometimes we just lock that, but NEVER AGAIN.
June 1st! If you already won, you'll be re-invited. RT : when's Chris rene coming????? I wanna know!!!!
Alfred North Whitehead~ The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas wont keep. Something must be done about them.
Beautiful day in #Austin for a run !
check out the Dallas Mavs site. They make themselves open on Twitter.
That awkward moment when you run into your Sunday School teacher from years and years ago. Oh how things have changed... Hahaha
Take it easy on TP Pop. Seems guards are getting hit with the injury bug so far in the playoffs.
So happy I started watching #upallnight so my life! Thanks for telling my story!
76 DAYS UNTIL WARPED TOUR!
nice and simple is always good. :] and "peta" sounds lovely lol :] one gansterr peter
Complimentary entertainment with Rich Hill on piano this Sunday night - 2/5/2012 from 7-10pm
one night when he was cutting the patties, IT HAPPENED.
good old days when AOL was the shit...
Before using Twitter, I always assumed it was a more obnoxious Facebook. Then I noticed the lack of baby photos. Advantage Twitter.
hey gurlfrann[: i love you! if you called me i think i would cry! do it up! (PLEASE) 972-815-9498
Avengers was pretty awesome, this year has been filled with great movies so far.
damn! - Biggest star fucker ever! Thanks.
Washington* phili Nj and Ottawa
I don't doubt that... golf, shmolf. have fun tho!
WOO freaking HOO we reached 100 followers !(: awesome !
can I get a AMEN
Wait nope 1000 ways to die then Keith
Headed to the Celebration Theatre for the FREE reading of "Better is the Man". Go. You'll be a better man!
The Nathan HPL #020 is what I use and love it. Super light and comfy for runs of all distances.
at sor #SXSW :: fusion rock in the glow of stained glass, other-worldly
My local grocery store uses 4 checkouts. Unless it's really busy then they use 1.
SAUCE! RT Sick sauce!
Two play auditions last week, two callbacks this week! Haven't heard about the pilot yet...I'd love to go 3 for 3!
I biked so much that it hurts to walk
Morning! Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms and all those who fill that role! Have a great day!
They are all true to size. They are a nice fit
I will be on a flight. Delonte!?! Gotta get my gogoinflight!
"money in my hands that I'd like to blow." That's how my trips to Vegas start.
good doing hw, you?
Cherish everyday like its ur last bc we only have one life
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
good morning to ll hope your having a blessed day.
Summer classes have ended (Woohoo!), which also means our summer hours have changed to M-F 8-6 and Sat 1-5.
#swagfail colorful rain boots -- with no rain people kill me
I wonder what would want me to sing at karaoke?...
Nice shot of Vista Bridge through an office window during last week's episode! Made me think of
What's your favorite hair product?
- Got a shout out on the Nick and Artie Show tonight!! Well deserved...best analyst on TV
let's hope they can rebound after this rough loss...in the meantime it's time for some
I hate how when people come over my mom expects me to go out and say hi. NO THANKS
Getting settled in is fun stuff :)
nice.thanks<3
#SteelerNation stand up!!!!!
It would be awesome if the #D3 beta worked.
When I Break Up Wit A girl or She Break Up Wit Me ,, I Always Bounce Back The Same Day ahah #NoFeelingsForALameBitch aahha
freedom is such a sweet thing.
Need you guys to check out you won't regret he's a very talented artist
yeah your time to get #9!
who wants to give me ah shoutout ill give one back (:
If I can't have you I don't want nobody else baby.
QUOTE - "Worry is like a rocking chair: It gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere." Erma Bombeck.
RT : I can't stand Eric Cantor. I hate his face. I want to give him an atomic wedgie/ his face is like he's getting a wedgie!
zoom zoom zoom!!!!
Contact for info on #bellydance wkshp & to perform in Les Folies Intoxique show! will see you there!
I got a perfect 450 on the math part of the cahsee, wooopwoop 👊😊 Check me tf out 🎓
I'm changing the way I look at things so the things I look at will change.. I refuse to be an old bitter woman!
I need to catch up with you on the food, ha ha! Yes, let's definitely meet up again soon, it's been too long! :-)
can I b your valentine
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
Excellent news. Maybe not for my productivity but still good.
... and Good Night to you Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Ok, that might make sense. I grew up with a Harlequin Dane mix, one of the sweetest dogs ever.
headed to the movies with vaness
ah, man! I wish I was there. Just finished filming. Getting ready for #Wrestlemania party now.
So Kool and The Gang just opened for Van Halen. Is Kool really the last original member?
How was everybodys long weekend?
"you are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone..."
Follow and for updates on Personalized Medicine and DNA Sequencing at MCW
Happy Easter!! ZUZU is OPEN!! Begin this day with a fresh approach. 8:00am -- 4:00pm today
grow some tits then talk to mee.
Hey Terps, if you didn't know yet Noam Chomsky is speaking at 4:30 today at Stamp in the Grand Ballroom! Be there or be [ ]
had a blast y'all! Cool group!
I LOVE Becky Jackson!
In #Norfolk for Virginian Railway research. Lots of railroad-related appointments. (hint: it's for a special exhibition Summer 2012)
Winners do what losers wont do #Winning!!
I'm breaking out from all this stress of AP testing. I hate this.
i wish you the best of luck then you go kickin clubs on me.. #c'monman
Wats so hard about telling the truth?
what does tcoc mean??
Day 2 of training for 2013 #BrewersFantasyCamp (and summer ball) complete. Got back at the weights, working on my rotator cuffs. Feels good!
RT : "This is how life should be. All about happiness." - WE AGREE! #MobWives-yes agree!
Still going to be able to make it Saturday? :)
OFWGKTA will always have a special place in my heart.
New Sascha Cohen movie. Theories?
Dallas is weird because it's obsessed with water--have you seen all the fountains? Esp. Fountain square ...
who's idea was this?
#FF: : Coming together to support our military families. Happy Veterans Day, everyone, and thanks to all who have served.
Phone on silent, finna take a nap.
The will be running through Better Block OKC this Saturday! Come cheer on the runners and hit up Better Block!
Only way this game would b better is if the White Mamba was active.
RT : Jay Cutler thinks D Wades body language stinks
Can men join curves I wanna lose 20 lbs in 90 days?
“: "He's the black guy in this X-Men ripoff movie." #WHERESWALLACE #WHERETHEFUCKISWALLACE”
just gave you some LOVE, whatch those likes go up
I'm heartbroken over the loss of Ms. Whitney Houston :( RIP. You, your music & voice will never be forgotten. Condolences to her family. ♥
Lulz. RT : #Flyers fans are confused at Jagr's desire to test the open martket? Have they been paying attention to anything?
Finally + officially done with the semester.
Drama free I wish I'm like a magnet for it Even when I'm sat twiddling my thumbs my phone still get hit with some mess so I welcome it now
come to Los Angeles California to visit me! lol
And now I have to go to the one on Highway 100 because I don't want to be anywhere near Miller Park bo
followed ^_* love u too miss u more
I'm confused when people offer "market-based systems" as solution for #NTTFaculty. Seems that's what we have! Not working!
sorry to hear your story. What we can do is help recognize and spread the word on the great innovations happening in our state
i just screamed my heart out just watching interview & jayy looks badass like always. i love them :")
What is your #1 2012 goal?
I may be there too. I'll let you know if I am.
The guys were so good tonight!
Something to Burn and My Mind are now up on Myspace. We think? You never know nowadays. How the mighty have fallen.
Hungarian Sausage today! Tasty!
I Got my Flu shot today (: it was really funyyyy (;
Just follows a ton of people. please follow back and check out 's music(:!
Exactly the question I'm curious about. Plus it bleeds off some of the "SRS BZNS"; important given the topic of Games & Academia.
Mark Kotsay has a chance for another game winner
oh idk.. We will probably be out a little later than u want
Got in a 3AM, not yet recovered from the Mall of America
Time for some country slow downs & a bed. #sleepy #goodnighttweet 😌💤
RT : Planting a lime tree in honor of #gartending , I think the theme of ths year's IGC tweet up shld be
*cough *cough. I have a head ache and cramps. :(
Woo! Now hurry up & get Jumping Trains out, I need more song titles giirl! RT : love the article bestie! ;-)
Wedding invitations, shipping labels and stamps do not mix well with production to do lists.
awkward moment when your friend and you are planning to drive down to see christian..but then realize were not on spring break but he is
A Bold New Way to Advertise Your Business!~A Bold New Way to Fund $$$ Your Cause!
love me some Rick Allen!
don't give up!!! You can do it!!! Stay distracted. :)
1 month and 16 days until I report to the MTC
RT Horrible what's happening in Japan. You can text REDCROSS to 90999 to send $10 to relief efforts. Thoughts and prayers.
Getting excited for Opening Day. Big question: #mustard #ketchup or #relish? Do know it all gets washed down with a Natty Boh, though!
Hope you friends and family are well in the midst of all this craziness going on back home.
Always remember what go's around comes around so be careful what you do cause it dose come back on you
Time for pilates.
you are not alone. I want to sing that to you like MJ. but for real, sending anti-stress love!
If U have veggies growing inside rubber containers, they were probably protected fr last nite's East Coast frost. Rubber holds heat longer.
trumpets! Top hat must not win.
Poor James...he used to be called a fatso in school! Fork you haters!
Im getting it chick lol
You'd think they would fall over due to the odd weight distribution. Bauble boobs, anyone? Anyone...
Lol You silly but Really considering it
Their zingers crack me up! Who writes this stuff.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre will always be one of my favorite movies. Judge me.
thanks for the #FF shoutout! hope to see you at #FPAC20!
Excellent cause! In line with Dario's keynote yesterday; feels good to make a difference!
minus that hastag
STOP BEING A WIMP SOLDIER AND EAT THE DAMN STUFF! lol pls so i dont have to look at it!
cool, i'll try to make it down there soon! thanks for letting me know
that's our thing <3 (;
that's $850,000, more than enough to open the pools. Oh well...
So happy I don't have work tomorrow night so I can watch the season finale of Californication! Hank Moody is my main man
why thank you :p
Gurrl, you tell me when. I'm in the same place 5-Days a week. Cheese date!!!
lol yea u might need a bottle for the room
Remember people: don't illegally download movies. It makes George clooney sad. Like, I don't want bang my model gf in my infinity pool sad
Harvard Stadium?
Christmas Day I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are in need and meals to less fortunate families :)
way to go on winning best branded social media campaign!
My last tweet is amusing if you're into time-travel paradoxes. If not, just scroll past me.
This year's #NHL playoffs are definitely not as much fun as last year's playoffs. Tough series for the defending champs.
Off to pregame then concert. Can't wait perfect night to rock out to some country music!!!
Great presentation at VAIS today! Thanks. Looking forward to exploring your recommended online resources.
ok pretty
Please be sharing the event. April 21 is almost here.
wow 2000 already! its a huge hit!!!
I want you to produce a song for me. Reverbnation.com/mahigatomusic
GREE buys Funzio for $210 Mil. The big social-mobile game platforms continue to roll up key app developers to expand their portfolios.
Good morning guys and gals! We hope your day has started wonderful.
The "Cathy" comic is the women's equivalent to country " ...eventually every man will grow old enough to enjoy country music."
Just passed Ridge Wilson in the mall exchanging dat. Hm
I wish we could meet this week. I am a fan yet couldn't attend ASTD this year. Enjoy our fair city and fun weather. mark
Hey , what about having a more robust tree trimming program?
an presentation! Wish me luck! :)
prob not - i forgot it was this wk & have a bunch is meetings - have fun - maybe a happy hour again sometime?
: Justin & Beliebers FTW ..
so my mom gave me this Calvin Klein body lotion that she's had & i put it on... not gonna lie, it smells like old lady
stubhub is selling for reasonable
Happy Birthday to Mr. UrbanLasVegas himself!! We exist because he believes. Thank you John
just did!(:
I have no idea... U were saying 30 so I was just giving you a better price with 40! 100+ seems like an ok bet IMO
yes! In the sky box!
I blame the headache on sparkly purple hat. We had it too.
tell her I said "hey"
Was wondering if there is an easy way to find and remove duplicately saved articles in Instapaper (including in diff. folders?
oKaY, iLL TrY t0 QUiT.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Taking a silent moment in my studio before beginning work to summon the creative energy and ask myself, "what do you want to say with music?
why do ppl who hate textn tweet???
i count for 87000 people.. So i can help you to the 200k :)
wondering about spam crap on here, just deleted a few that wanted to follow me, and they were all about sex, gotta be porn hackers
Ok. Will do. Sorry mate.
2 nashville boys have cds that dropped today!! and , get some!!!! U know u won't be disappointed!!
Find Us at Booth 518! RT #ICSC #ChiDM is next week, who is coming?
Q: What's the height of conceit? A: Having an orgasm and calling out your own name.
Some people...
is there a scheduled power outage occurring may 13 3:25 am?
My goal of not over committing myself has, yet again, failed miserably
what you talking bout J
4/20 is ep 419 of #Fringe. 4/20 is also a great day to get high.Whether or not you do it during Ep 419 is your biz, but make sure you watch.
this will happen to me. RT 1.5 years after getting my MA, I still seek out sources that I could have used in my thesis.
yea i was a whole half hour late on my tweets but i just went in! #oke lol
um, awesome! Definitely consider adopting from a rescue, totally worth it.
just picked up cosmo mag with on the cover... LOVE IT
Now Justin Bieber has to follow Tony and Jordis. He doesn't stand a chance at being as awesome.
is a good friend of mine. Runner/triathlete and reporter for Buffalo News, covers Bisons and loads of other sports.
Tonight at 7 at the Alley we'll be playin a FREE rock show! Come out and enjoy yourself!
sorry love not sure what happened there we re-followed :)
Text me
When I'm on vacation who will water the aquaman?
no one can roll over the top of a slider away like Andrew!
My friend Derek is a Sports Director there now. I'll ask!
Motivation to knocking out this paper is my mother and spending time with the rest of my family tomorrow.
I was here first.
getting better everyday. Thanks sisterwife
of course I remember you:) how are you on this fine day lol?
Once again the horse industry in KY gets the rug pulled out from underneath it while other states are taking our horses, horsemen and farms!
you never sent me those american government vocab words!
oh no :-/ good luck with that. I say get an iPhone
thanks boo
Statistically, burglaries occur every 30 seconds throughout the USA.
Fresh Cut ✂
Fellow Democrats education of all forms is important to our youth.Don't brainwash like the GOP does,let them make informed decisions.
Good morning
Thanks for the follow. I must check your place out soon
I'm trying to determine a way to check those tweets against all the papers I've submitted between 11pm & 7am.
Hey #NTTFaculty tweeters? Finals week, so limited time on Twitter. What am I missing?
Thats want i was saying when i was voting #TeamMindless can not let this happen.
Have you picked up the new ? What about ? What did you think?
Wishing my awesome husband a Happy Birthday. Make his day perfect & give him a shout-out.
The Longest Freakin Game EVER !!! .
I want to achieve my dream says the kid ....teacher replies you dnt have a dream..o walk in and go ninja on her..lol jk
chances are I was probably too drunk last night.
"Down below they spot small floating icebergs and they know that there will be no turning back."—Colum McCann's "Transatlantic" in TNY 4/9.
jealous! Real ARC?
ugh bored today is boring haha ima call angel back to see wat she's up to!?!?!?! :/
what you said to Bobby. About his spelling.
I luv the source code
Please tell me why my car is the front yard? - "My own worst enemy" - Lit
Working towards the weekend - starting it off with a gallery opening - Jennifer Main's new gallery in Las Vegas.
whoever it was...kill them for me...im sick.
I'm trying action method now. I'm as particular as you are.
I look forward to it! I saw no previous tweet, nor did the CIA, Scotland Yard or the KGB (they're still around, right?)!
Over 600K followeres and still growing (: you're fans really love you <3
You know you have a sad life when you fall asleep on the couch watching say yes to the dress on a friday night.
tonight you should be going to Hyde, 1Oak, Lavo and Chateau if your sticking to industry nights lol
Today is the international Day against Homophobia and Transphobia
My EMR (Epic) does the same MT My ins.co uses a secure email system. Notifies you of a message, & u log in to view it.
I know I'm a grown man but I wish my childhood would have been better maybe I would have made better choices.
other than #ThePrincessBride, MP is Satan.
Follow for #RRtheatre to begin at 8 pm central.
Morning! Good news! Now, in addition to the kindle versions, my paperbacks are available in all of Europe!
send an email with resource info: thanks!
I remember years ago when & I had a shared bep account called DollyPartonFan. LMFAAAOOO
need a follow back
RT : tweeps please welcome ! Reporting live from SCC at the Grand Ave Lounge!
sorrrryy, it skells like eggs and fucked up cheese
Zac and Miri make a porno is on YES. Underrated movie right there
Hi, Patty!
. No, no--shared governance is lovely. Just more work than Dave was letting on! :)
yea she is on her Dora da explorer status
Badger football big win over Gophers. Now it's time to see if the boys on ice can make it a great weekend.
Good morning DALLAS is trending, come party with us at #BlacklightPartyOct22 w/ at the Main Event Center(PURGATORY)get your tix
Zero OJ in Walker Bros? I call shenanigans.
I will still send you the link if you want me to.
next year we make that field goal...
Sorry, it all happened pretty fast, tried to let everyone know. Thx for the kind words, we'll always have Hotdog Plays of the Week
Thanks for the RT!
I call bullshit on the rumor about Harry playing a part as Mick Jagger in a movie hahaha okay not even possible
I was wondering. Don't you have, like, a *show* to make, and stuff?
Congratulations! I know you're going to do an amazing job! Can't wait to see what projects come out of the mind of RJ lol
omg you so lucky!! I'm jealous have fun!!:D
homeless ;p Buuutttt if we can find out their hotel that would make me happy :D
We are shredding today!
How Do Australian Electricity Prices Vary?
lol that sucks. I just don't want to pay after 30 days, and I know to take the card off but I'm afraid I'll forget.
Fuck study hall is boring
Thanks for the RT's! Happy sunny Friday!
Seniors aren't the leaders of yesterday, but the leaders of today too. Let's work towards Inter-generational leadership!
Hoping Stephan Lichtsteiner, defender for is doing ok.
Oh, well still. lol
the NBA, NFL, MLB, or NHL. Spend most of my time following soccer.
#ImHappyWhen I SEE MY GRANDPARENT'S..
Hey Madswag. Would ya please follow me? :3
Well said!!
MOGUL MARATHON...
thank you! weird sisters indeed. so not a fan!
With #DCU after??
you can go with this, you can go with that. We will go with sushi & sashimi platter and mojito tonight. Extra wasabi paaaaleease!
Trying out #TweetDeck this morning. #Seesmic was a great app, but it lacked some key features. TweetDeck is just as nice and FULLY loaded!
But where I'm at now. Can't be any Happier
Don't ever judge a book by it's cover, becaue looks can be decieving. <3
RT #Leo thinks they are a lover and not a fighter but that's wrong: they fight with passion to defend and advance their cause.
Twitch & Sasha like boss on boss!
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape. That seems odd she is releasing her own tape? I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
S. Hildreth of : #DPLA to Start small - but go big.
We just got our 100th follower! Thank you We're following you back
it would be weird if you sent me a normal one haha
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Made back to HOUSTON...
We have a winner! Thanks for playing our third anniversary trivia, everyone. RT : Carrots, potatoes and onions?
Looking forward to seeing a demo of the product!
Private party sun...
that awkward moment when a sentence doesnt end the way you- should press my follow button
You'll be fine. I promise
Aw that's cool you look mostly Mexican though my grandmother was black mexican and native Indian American on my dad s
SHE GOT HA HEAD DOWN AND SHE DROPPiN iT #Plies;)
Can't sit still today. Lot's going on!
your Mother would say the same thing about being retired - freedom to choose how you spend all your time is harder than many think
"Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember- the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you."#in
Chad is playing great and we have got to go out there and play well. On this golf course, anything can happen - Tiger Woods
LOL of course! and Good Morning to ya.
better. At least you're in left field - right field SRO are really crappy
NATO intervention on behalf of freedom and human rights was vindicated today.
ATT: All Slick Living apparel Tshirt will be shipping within next week. RT
so frusterated, tired, and worn out.
Danica Patrick wrecked.
Longer hair + muggy DC weather = ürb wanting to shave it all off. Thoughts? Y/Y? :p
For whatever reason, the spelling of the word "errands" pisses me off. Currently running aaronds.
RT if your one of the few who has NOT been spreading the rumors about , but SUPPORTING him? :)
I wrote wroth in my last tweet :3 *worth.
This guy... SMH
need to catch up... Who are we rooting for??
there are alot of movies casting in Louisiana!!! my agent is calling lets see what he got for me !!!
Pop Quiz: Contrary to popular belief bones aren't the only kind of fossils. What other kinds of fossils are there BESIDES bones?
"I'll take you to the ball, I hope you're not too tall."
Indeed--I'm always on the lookout for observations that might inspire some additional evidence gathering on our part.
what it do do what's your name new friend
I love rihanna I can't wait till her concert I'm bim!!! (:.
I dont understand why people r critical of Larry Brown getting job at SMU. Who would you of hired instead? Is my question of the day....
Venue Meeting for the show. :):)
GO!SPURS!GO!!
thanks for coming out to Flight For A Cure today. It was fun hanging with you man...(for Hans) What car did you bring over again?
Pace is the trick
Mixed salad of fear, regret, despair, hope, and love...with a couple of happy croutons.
Practise what you know, and it will help to make clear what now you do not know==Rembrandt...www.itsartnotstuff.com
Most definite I remembered Just To Get A Rep and Lovesick the first time I heard them word 4 word .Definitely an influence.
She has such a great smile. :) I love when she gets to deploy it on the show.
going tanning in the back yard... Phoenix is the best place for this sport to take place
yea I dnt be on here like that...
Great set. Great meeting you. I'm in NYC for a couple more days. Are you doing any more shows here?
In the AM a 70+ guy on a razor scooter. In the PM a woman commuting home on rollerblades with her CSA box in hand. #MUNI alternatives
Ok the game was over an hour ago stfu
Apparently the groundhog saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter my ass. #GroundhogDay is bull! Nice how this is the warmest winter ever!
Buzzword alert: I heard “universal commerce” thrown around at a recent #CIO event I attended.
you really cantantantant. ;) holy shit i just realized something... no matter what mood your in, you always have pants on.
if you're bored, check out my new twitter background: boy on left, Western Civ on right.
my sympathies. I've been there, paid the price. Definitely not fun. Naps for everyone today? Good luck.
I miss you BIG
what should i say in reply to "whats up" seriously tell me whats up!!
Job applications??? My job makes me want to drink!!!
soo excited can't wait!! Love you all!:) <3
....paperweight not only in weight but performance. It's like Apple's Ive recently stated that competitors compete on wrong points
oh. Omg I like to listen to their accents.
I almost done with my prospectus, and by "almost done" I mean "scrambling to write something passable."
Merry Christmas everybody!!!
As long as we have faith in Cody, he'll go far :D
did... you eat it delanie? ewwwwww you cat poop eater!
tonight, pre playboy mansion event! Tons of bdays! Hit me up for guest list!
I really want to read your book!! I may have to just get it!!!
Padmapper app is great
Good read although still hard to fully immerse oneself in the program and interact. I use my iphone to find more broad info
Happy Valentines day! About to go hunt for and shoot down the cupid!
Thank you for the amazing blog feature on #FollowFriday! Come get that green dress!
thanks! We are in first place now! 
Im really happy Directioners from different countries dont have this problem watch directioners that are "mad" are going to kiss and make up
in this video on fuse tho...
regular domestic short hair. Presenting an enclosure design
I wish I wasn't awkward, my love life would be so much better.
I took the picture, but I can't take credit for the graffiti. I love it, though.
": Man get ya money & stop being mad for nutin. U chose this life Ain't nobody mad on check day"
"people are wrapping presents in the lactation room" -
outside naked
In the crease again tonight! :) YAY
shes look like a pancake. lmao !
Nice work! Few agencies will actually take people somewhere for services/documents. We believe transportation is essential.
And we've reached the point in the program when Phyllis Kahn takes the stage.
#JuicyENT & Meek Mill is about to be too fun at the longbranch !!
Now booking weddings and events at Mount Airy as well as guided waterfowl and big game hunts!
Pressure cooker
Cole never finishes!
If you can't appreciate what you have got then get what you appreciate.
Looking forward to speaking at Grimm & Parker Architects Calverton office today at noon!
okay okay!
Don't ask why bitch, ask why not.
Film #3 America's Surrogate Mothers now playing!
Follow the best DJ ever
Still looking for Associate Search Directors in the NYC area. SEO or PPC, if you're interested let me know!
831 means "I love you." Eight letters, three words, one meaning. ♥
*sigh* Yes, I'm at The Hunger Games on opening night.
Procrastination Is The Evil One.
Just spent two hours on the best bday present ever
My dream job: Making can opener, garbage truck engine sounds & etc, like the skinny black guy from Police Academy.
We're about to open the exhibit hall at #urjbiennial. Stop by JPS booth 111 as you make your way through!
Well, there's that ... and the fact that you're in your 40s now. Let's be real. :P
#FF -- He only needs 4 more left. Tell your horror loving friends!!
RT : Be Remarkable! Be Re-Tweetable! -
Good morning everyone...Happy Friday :)
everybody makes mistakes
I told her she don't have to, but she probably will cause I'm "her baby" lol. I hate him anyways, so I don't really care.
I really love getting off the bus and walking down my complex in weather that you need a boat to get through....
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes. ~ Anonymous
Lesson: Do not tweet voting results late night. b/c #whatisthisringouspeakof makes no sense. #whatisthisringyouspeakof is. right?
' I'll Have Another ' won the #KentuckyDerby .... that should have been a no brainer for me to bet ... WTF was I thinkin ???
your pretty
Everything is falling into place for our first season! Check out www.12peerstheater.org for more information!
i hate life. okay bye.
spot on. she's reviewing my audition tape.
I love it way better when im with my brother I get to go out and have fun. But when mom comes and gets me i get to hear her bitch
Favorite part about Sundays? Is it a good thannng or bad thanng? :x
just decided i need to go to the hole in the wall tonight. yep.
....Dave followed me. Hi Dave.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when my mom talks to my step sister about my dad & her moms divorce ..😳
Three solutions to every problem : Accept it, change it or leave it. If u cant accept it, change it. If u cant change it, leave it.
haha! thanks for the comment on my camping post. yes, we shall eat like KINGS! :) -lisa
I'm hungry fuck this shit 😞
Grading papers at the beach while ogling my sweetie in the surf. This. This is the proverbial life.
They say that alcohol kills slowly. So what? Who's in a hurry?
love your voice! Keep it up :)
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
But I love my doggies, despite the fact that they drive me crazy :)
last night...new favorite spot for a drink in the Ukrainian Village!
thanks so much :)
I don't think will ever follow me. Please Robert<3 I love youu!!!
Nah. The next few years. Dumb trade. RT : Said one Warriors player: "So we're just giving up on the season?"
Good morning thank god for another day
What is the time counter on a video called? What is the term used?
Ah that's my friend's mom on #RockCenter! Love the Angelo's coverage too. What I wouldn't give for a plate of gravy fries!!!!
Good luck!
Now we've got a game worth watching!
All #Rockets fans should check 's stream over the last couple of hours. Nails it as usual.
I think they just switched the twins lol
At BattleofAtlanta 43 June 17 we're hosting an InHand Marketing Seminar for our friends; see www.battleofatlanta.info for details!
you are so awesome!!!
ETHEL's CD relase at Joe's Pub was great!
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WOW: bonus word, This is NOT a compliment, she is amazed that one person can be so stupid.
First day at work for my new job. Wish me luck.
I think you mean 22 cash games not 35
CODY IS BOSS !
hi Keith!! I'm well thanks!! You?! It's a wet sloppy mess out there!!
Forgetting your headphones is probably one of the worst things to do.
will you be in Az next weekend?
Ladies, don`t ever try to get a taken man to cheat. Cause if he does cheat on her for you, he`ll cheat on you for another girl too.
Obviously being employed is important but does the major hold the key to success/happiness?
haha see I was right, I knew he said it
NFL getting what it wants, people going overboard, they'll say we tried safer on head injuries but union, fans media fight back
Headed to Vegas for the weekend, let's party?
I would hate to have Jesses mom ,
ive got boots and she got wings im hell on wheels and shes heavenly id die for her and she lives for me
Great second half effort helps proprell us to a 92 to 69 win over Methodist. Got a quick turn around on Sunday againist Kenyon. #letsgo 2-0
i am asking for prayer for my son jesse his in jail but i now he needs jesus please lift him up in prayer thank u frome my hert
<---- follow them, follow back instantly! who else wants a #shoutout?
"pretentious."?? This from someone who follows Bill Mahr?
We'll stay tuned. Have an awesome week. Peace.
it does. It really does...he has been up since 2 am and can't keep anything down and is too weak to sit up. It sucks =[
Today's article will be another awesome indie artist. Check www.thevinyldistrict.com/Chicago to check it out. Spoiler Alert: he's awesome.
SVEUM hits a drive to right center and deep! GET UP! Get up and get outta here GONE! A solo homer for Sveum and it's 1-0 Crew!
I played the Big Gamer on Campus Instant Win Game & Sweepstakes for a chance to score big prizes! Check it out www.biggameroncampus.com
good god! so violent!
when do you plan on coming back to the ?
I was going to post something intellegent, but considering how my brain is still trying to wrap itself around my schedule: BRAAAAAAAAAIIINS!
So scared for tomorrow #hurricane Irene will come to newyork city cause my dad just came back from bjs and got......
Forrest tho I got so bitchy this year.
Rare day off with , birthday breakfast with friends. What to do after that's the ?
Dear Fairy Godmother: #wine #massage #cabanaboy #sunshine needed
Chapter 2012 Page 123 of 366 Praising Him in advance is easier said than done.
one man's reeking...
How'd you know I was talking about you? hee hee. I kid! Just kidding, I'm not kidding, I was totally talking about you. ;)
I'm Focus Man!!!
Just joined wrongplanet.com as a Neurotypical- I'm the outsider this time! Hoping to learn tons from the network!
we'll pass on the good words to Perry for ya
I agree. Yard sales, flea mkts, estate sales = Heaven
today? Or do I need to come pick it up?
: Playing in the dirt again?
Have you read the transcripts or listened to the oral arguments today? Feel free to sound off
one hour massage at the chiropractors? yes please . I'm gonna enjoy this 👍👍👍😍😍😍
Back in Northwoods after two weeks away. Trees leafing-out. Woods a bright spring green under cloud-streaked sky. Cowbirds gurgling. 47 deg.
You are right Mike....The Admirals desperately need these 2 points vs. RF....Good luck to one of my fav Badgers!
They send cards, flowers, candy, diamonds-something to show love on this special day
Keep it 💯
A big shout out to Donald Trump & Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!
I'm getting my sides shaved this week. I need a new change.
No problem phrat!
Health care faces extreme austerity measures - Ottawa Citizen
My whole life comes to a stand still when my thyroid becomes unbalanced severe fatigue hot flashes
The Girl I Love She Got Long - Led Zeppelin
I'm on some keep ur thoughts an ur feelings BITCH U Don't NO ME...(x_x)
i must say, i wrote a killer hook....
// I am! I started working at Creature in Jan. I hope to meet you soon
did you make it okay?
Wha?!? Going there tomorrow! :)
Had a nice evening with the boys at Leducs.
How else was I suppose to carry a gun without being hounded by the cops, despite having been arrested almost six times at that point..
thanks! haha. I'm wide awake & I have to get up in two hours for school :O
RT : Congrats![Thanks, Jay..it's nice when players get it all together.]
Lets go Raptors
she would be my best friend if she didn't run so much XD but seriously. I want them in a basket and i want little bowties
Short week... Chi on Thursday YAY!
Thx, so glad to hear! RT : Thanks for having us. Dinner and the service was spectacular!
Due to unforeseen circumstances, we are unfortunately closed tonight. We are very sorry for any inconvenience. Hope to see you tomorrow.
At the Salon getting a hair cut, then mani and pedi, its "Beauty Time"
A letter writer does not need to receive an email request to submit electronically, they need only log on to our site.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
I'm honored to be a new member of the Advisory Board.
It is easy to observe out of this list how taking drugs can result in ongoing dental health problems
Please realize you can't control certain situations so don't get so upset all the time!
I'm so tired. worked all day :)
I am from Maryland. What kind of info. are you looking for?
Dont want to go home after school.
Tell that mofo, bump that. I'm outtie... -_-"
The Hunger Games YEAH
A person can be as great as he or she wants to be. If they believe in themselves and have the courage, the determination, and the dedication
DANG! They may have found one A but I have a feeling there are many more A's out there. Great episode!
At the mall cuz I have nothing better to do
Inform is fun. I'm pretty amazed how useful they made it considering they use almost normal English as a programming language.
oh that's sweet!!! :D I bet both of you are excited!! haha
tucking in to a curry sucker
Make sure you check out President Obama's speech tonight!!!!! I wrote a gem!!!!! I think this was my best speech yet!!!!
those are the plug wires?! How convoluted is the rest of the car?
Who the hell told everyone in Hyde Park, West Campus & Clarksville to go grocery shopping tonight?!?
Someone: *singing* its a small world after all, it's a sma- Me: I WILL FUCKING RIP YOUR EARS OF IF YOU DON'T SHUT THE HELL UP!
Omg I was just called a asshole, idk what do. Think ima go and cry....psh foh.
Matt "The Walker" will be @ Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!
There you go again
Great... Thanks! Check out my blog listed on my page. I've started adding there.
:hands you a cup of fresh brewed: ;]
I've been good!! How have u been
Need a Father's Day gift? Stop by any of our locations for a gift card or tons of other "cool" ideas for the dad in your life.
re Pinterest, I also wouldn't mind if we cld create pix or at least p/up headline if there's no visual. Maybe after IPO lol
Hope you enjoyed your meal tonight!
This convo warms my heart (and my brain). Just talked today abt NOT ordering new txtbks. So excited to use more.
yall sleep or what! Tune n now while we got on line co-hosting, http//tsm-1.com/ click radio 2 tune n. LEGGO!
Gregg Williams offering $10,000 to the NFL executive who lifts his ban
Thanks for calling me venerable! Many will disagree. :)
One day off and then 8 days in a row of work. After that, Halloween!
The Barry Levinson movie "Diner" will be made into a Broadway musical. What will some of the song titles be? Here they come...
LOL Very Excited!!!!
This weather sucks
to be closer to the pols who won't let us enjoy a smoking ban?
If you wanna win next year, don't count on us. We're gonna need 3-4 years. At least.
Yall can call us ignorant but Niggas dont give a damn ..
quick run down for the wkend, tonight The Kennedy..Saturday(PoolParty at HawaiianVillage) & (FoamParty at TABU)!
Have a case of the Mondaze? Head over to and Whip In and grab a donut! It'll cheer you up!
#nce11 Alan November: most imp. Knowledge in classroom questions of students
Killing time murders opportunities.
Teacher brought a furbie to class
2012 We want to make sure you have the resources to run for office w/
We usually don't go in for formality, but could you please complete this speakers bureau app? ://ow.ly/1LQ9lL cc:
you'll be missed man. best of luck after graduation
Lebron and Wade should have to pay 100 dollars for every missed free throw, ill advised shot or shot not within 18 feet of the rim.
That would have to be the lowest point of anybodys life, to borrow money from their childs friend.
NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T
Got new iPhone. In a word: rad
Keep up the good work and promo ladies :) I'll gladly keep in touch mwahh xoxoxoxo Mwahh! Thanks chica!!!
DMC's got my vote!
My android was doin that & calling ppl I dont personally from my FB list 3 in the morn. Had 2 scrap it.Sounds like a song idea
At Univ of Pitt Law Graduation. Lots of people in robes here. Normally, in a robe at 2:30pm is a bad thing.
Congratulations to Henry Caslin. He was the winner of $250.00 for Peachy Airport Parking's drawing at the 2012 GA International Auto Show!
that is be true
congrats Robin, sucks they are breaking the team up tho.
Ugh, there it is: "the way in which"
that's 3 FOR and 0 against. Shots it is!
Getting ready for a ikea shopping day with the wife. Sounds like fun
Faulty friends and messed up nobodies don't really bother me... But family.. Smh
u sho u good?
Good morning!
Getting ready to present the inaugural Chuck D. Dziuban Award for Excellence in Online Teaching!
Tumblr is ruining my life
Cause stone cold said so.!
Action is the foundational key to all success! What action are you ready to take?
“If it is to be, it is up to me.” ~Wordsworth
Thank you for sharing!
give your heart a break music video needs to come out now. <3
Surround urself with value creators so you can be open with your heart n mind in an environment based on grace, merit and generosity
UChicago haiku: Above the towers / Heaven’s vaulted expanse yields / Countless creations (Neil J. Saltzman, AB'91)
At Ruskin with my mommy godsisters nd cousins
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Two Huffington blogs coming...one on the green production of #ThinkLikeAMan and the other on #leanstartup in Hollywood...stay tuned.
Proud of Bopper and Mark. Represented #BBN well!
49er's or the Giants? Patriots or Ravens?
Cook & Schmid won four local industry awards for outreach campaigns at this year's Bernay's ceremony. Thanks team.
HEY GUYS- so... why didn't you review this movie last night on WEDNESDAY, NOV 3RD???
I look forward to a day like today when my adopted african son Reginald Jamal Amick will be committing on ESPN
I'm sorry :( What are you doing today
Bought some church clothes
I heard it doesn't count on your plan. Some people still don't have unlimited texts I guess. So IPhone to IPhone is free.
Keeping wishing for that one guy but you know it's never going to happen
Sunday is going to be CRAZY! The No Theme Super Dance Jam Sunday Afternoon with , Bunny Fufu and Precious Cargo! PIT STOP!
Andrew Garfield, Girlfriend Emma Stone Kiss in High-Flying 'Spider-Man ... - Celebuzz
Yay, congrats! RT Just got interview by KCRA! A segment on Holiday Shopping! PeraDice on TV! Watch for it tonight!
Hi : ) Just got home~spent day with my niece.....I will be working on report cards for school shortly so I won't be on 2 long
just got done unloading everything. Still up for a drink? I think Simon is out, but I would be down.
Wearing flats today... You know, YOLO.
#Follow You won't be disappointed. I've spent way too much time on his account this morning. O.o
Watching Glee :) 'cause i like to keep my issues down.. <3
Its officially over!
Hey im happy
hi Alba! ! What?
Thank you for inviting me to the play "Crazy is Love" last night. I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people.
Hello Wednesday?
I'm pretty sure Amanda Palmer is actually a dude.
haha well he's hosting this after party and there are def some kids here to see Him haha
I grew up in Ky and thought archaeology was all pyramids etc. didnt realize there was lots of things right here 2/2
Agreed! It's like when the Hemingway heirs licensed the signature rifles. Stop living off the family genius.
I would like to point out that this time was not eliminated from the narrative.
yep. I'm still all hopped up on goofballs.
this it's the results of believing in the people and american worker.go obama
toot then boot it
men's restroom key
Russell Brand stand-up commercial followed by Katre Beckinsale action movie comercial.. One of these things is not like the other.
A #Pisces artist easily dwells in a world of Neptunian images & sound. They produce colorful entertainment that speaks to a generation
Please follow me?!:)
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
I'm helluh mad is desperate for 's follow rn.
A successful #law practice begins with a database: all the potential clients and their decision makers. Overlay with news, socialmedia, etc
. ninzi's is on University in Hillcrest.
Shepard Smith of FOX News says of the Obama announcement: “The president of the United States: now in the 21st century."
Keep the good news coming.
Happy #FF everyone! The higher the twitter activity the less work gets done. But we're not complaining. FF lists coming soon!
Does he punch her at the end of it? RT > : woah this brandy chris brown song is cray
Packers fans talk about football like how i talked about GI Joes when i was 8
Austin! I love you <3
ah, you have the English goat names! What edition do you have? Mine has Swiss German.
Thank you hun!! lol off to class....fun times ;)
Just rec'd an automated call about a bomb threat being called in to the Chevron Bldg. Evacuate immediately. If I knew where that was, maybe.
Do you still take care of your tootsies with a pedi in the winter or just hide them under fuzz socks & cute boots
LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event. We will re-open with regular hours tomorrow!
what act did you see and what happened? we do not like to hear that our customers are unhappy!! DM us and let us know!
There is NO g behind #saysomethin get that straight and we can be friends :)
Prediction time - Who wins Game 7 of the World Series?
Bring Back Ringer 2
oh eeeww!! good tip though!!
Enjoy a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
Jeff beck Strat in surf green!
#superbowl party menu should consist of foods from participating teams city
everyone loves you except for bush whacker :)
RT if im cute ppl dont do this im ugly I get it
Charlie Brown Christmas Special is exactly what every Christmas needs.
“: .... I am gunna start my application for tonight :) ! I'm excited”
sounds good to me...
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller #Entrepreneurs. Embrace fear. Today courage has your back.MDM
IM AT MY MOM'S HOUSE
Wtf RT : FYI ITS SUPPOSED TO RAIN UNTIL SUNDAY
Just finished the planking song it is crazy!!!!!!
I spent 44 hours with amazing, well-developed characters and you barely even touch on them in the end? WHAT. THE. F
wrote you a letter & delivered it today for you to read! Lets stop bullying so ALL kids can feel safe & happy.
Tired of everyone arguing about same-sex marriage. Some of the negative opinions are flat out insane.
[DK GreenRoots] Short Term Climate Forces: Black Carbon ...
Have any pictures of the beautiful sunshiny day? Send 'em our way and we'll share them!
Superbowl XLVI . In my home state...
Congrats!! Plz tell me you're not moving to stillwater though?
Good day at the beach with
Having family lunch in a tent in our backyard on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
If you wish to know truth then hold no opinion for or against anything, truth then is obvious to an open mind. -Zen-
it's crazy expensive' RT Get use to it. I pick up my daughter. I wish that the hairdresser was as cheap as a haircut.
#bolognese #wine and a movie...life is good!
Gotta go hear that new jcole and missy elliot... am I dreaming missy back kim back all we need is eve n trina china white n SAYSHA J BIIIIH
I think they do that shit for entertainment.
to love someone is to see a miracle invisible to everyone else
Nice to join and/or meet you!
I know I know! Its on my list of upcoming future vacations -SanFran/Napa Cali trip!
awwwhat?!?! ICONic Boyz didnt make it at HHI?!?! The Judges were obviously high and Legally Blind!
Im so hungry hungry hungry
Enjoying the nice day! Designing jewelry for the many SheaMoí Naturelle customers!
You're such a man, your truck has balls.
Fuck you. Roll your window down, Gadniator.
good piece; thanks for writing it (and for the link)
Omg I swear I would pay 100$ JUST if you would take a few seconds and follow me :)
But it is our weirdly-shaped state. RT : I vote for Maryland for most weirdly-shaped state.
Boyfriend is touring a refugee camp in Kenya today. But I might go to Harris Teeter later, so I'm sure my day will be just as interesting.
grimey gates next flight bro
LOL!!! I use a nerdy high voice :) like an 7 year old girl.
Riding in the car right now. It's HOT outside.
thank you for the K+ !
When your mom says "look ma no hands " going over a ramp .
What kind of freak grinds their teeth so hard that their whole face hurts the next day? This kind. Ouch.
Gonzalez, Gamel & Narveson all likely out for the year. Karma for Braun getting out of his 50-game suspension??
Ah we have been here for 30 minutes now. I want to leave!
Miller is doinf well, Josh Reddick had an odd error that could have cost us if not for pitching and "Infielding" covering that to end that
Hello, Steven. It's a pleasure to meet you. :)
Natural Balance here, at your service! Love your tweets & articles...exactly what our clients want to know! ~Linda :o)
FAIL - RT #blackeyedpeas rocked the #superbowl halftime show! The best I think I've ever seen. A job well done!
Thanks for entering! Winners will be notified shortly.
So...my license plate was stolen...yep, that happened. What a frikkin WEEK!
She was born ratchet.
Up at four!! Gotta catch a 720 flight this morning!! Very tired..
I wanna go camping.
i can't wait till that grammy touches your hand<21
#dailyfeedback It's Pete Seeger's birthday. Songs that are somehow connected to him: covers, feat Pete, etc. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Arrival temp of 90 may deny cashmere.TY
#SustUnbound Steve Traszkoma: Humanities can interrogate very meanings of sustainability itself
thanks!! We are thrilled to go to the West Coast for the first time
I found a purple shirt to wear. Sadly I am unable to take a post a pic in support. I am still in though. WEAR PURPLE TODAY TO SUPPORT!
Got sushi? SAN SU HAS SUSHI!
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites. Follow us to receive free services and promotions!
Check out the CohesiveSelf iOS app by , a #swroc participant. is another #roc innovation.
Awesome! Hope youre well man": Game 1 in the books. RANGERS!!"
Ecosphere Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
": ": I ain't got one either, so what's good«««u foreal
Damn you are out to get some produce and then some.
Guys, we interrupt this important news story...ANDREW LUCK IS GETTING OFF AN AIRPLANE! OMG.
Welcome to the iWorld.
All-U-Can-Eat Crab Legs Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday - 4pm spacer 2-4-1 Margaritas Tuesday and Thursday
The Exorcist? Girl bye.
Feeling is, yes meaning does not see it.
check out the belt!
Anytime! Did you change the storify URL or am I just having issues connecting? I'm getting a server error.
The COMPLETE list of Oscar nominees!
#NP hey DJ by lighter shade of brown S/O to my boy
thanks for RT, bro :)
ah well I may come down... Will let ya know skidz!
#wtw2012 true true! WeLead alumnae too shall take over!
I tried to put a Waterbed in my house, but Anthony Davis blocked me.
Is there any NEW #MATTFLYNN news?
There is a shortage of Brach's Cinnamon Candy Hearts in Milwaukee. I've been to Walgreens and Target and both stores are out!
Jeremy and Elena act like they are in love and not brother and sister.
I LOVE your music and follow you cuz you're amazing! My brat auditioned!
Well, I'm thinking about Jet Black and blue w/ a blonde streak.
Feeling unlucky today? $13 dollar tickets to tonight's performance of "..de mi corazon Latino" at Source @ 8pm. 202-204-7763 before 5pm
Have been told today that you are the best MMA host? If not here it is. Your the best MMA host in the biz.
lol am driving ha
Gonna go pick my baby up for lunch 1st time seeing her in like 2 weeks
thank you sweet girl! We celebrate in 2 wks in LA!
Prom dress shopping is so stressful D:
Much appreciated. I haven't had a chance to get it yet but there is on on the 315S onramp from Olentangy at Riverside.
WordPress keeps my vote.
You send it in email?
Nothing like a 2 hour brainstorm related to a rare blood cancer to make you rethink your position on quitting coffee.
Why am I about to do something called #Insanity?!?!?!? Smh
Only 5 o'clock?!?! My days drag when I don't work. Guess its more #Netflix streaming till dinner time. Oh yeah, I gotta cook. Damn!
Bah, not well. Something came up so I had to stop for a bit. Should be good to start again. Will post when I do
How do u transfer Raw images onto your computer?
All the candidates are waving their class warfare credentials
I'm a lifelong 49er fan and I just want to let you know that real 49er fans have your back. The sun will shine again bro.
Thanks for your #investment in us on the #EAv we really appreciate it :)
At buffalo wild wings with the fam :) after this im going on a diet...lol...i eat too much.! lol
Pay attention! Be alert! Be amazed! U never know how God might break in2 &out of ur life in order 2 bring healing&new life 2 the world~Credo
There's a difference between quaint and junky. The Brady has moved into the latter.
completely calm! :) Life is too short. hope you are having a great night!
#GMIC gets it. they purposefully left time in program for exercise, good food & rest. went w/ a total immersion strategy.
Aren't those pens from your employer?
My mama boyfriend just said he want let nobody knock his tooth out for 5 million$$ -_______-👈👈👈👈👈👈
Who's planning to play tonight? Libations, appetizers, & half baked chocolate chip cookies...
finally got the chance to watch Austin's ustream on youtube. poor baby.
If people can't do something themselves, they wanna tell you that you can't do it either. If you want something, go get it.
Wow, Kirk Cousins taken by the Cousins and RGIII. Just as much potential for controversy as upside.
Happy superbowl Sunday!
Thanks for recent RTs/mentions!
OSU & UK ion championship game
I need a life. All I do is go to work and go home
Montreal got this far as USL team.
A customer experience begins the candidate/employee experience
oh..wait.
“: sleeve tattoo? #hmm”do it do t
I wish i had more clothes.
Oops - Kent State killings were in 1970 not
✌ more days 'till 's b-b-b-birthday. :D
where'd you get your idea for marking c's growth and skills on that chalkboard wall?
his name alone is an aphrodisiac...and im at work! shame on you ;)
Its gonna be a long day!
A home refinance loan can improve your current rate & terms, can change the type of loan you are in & increase your loan payoff time.
Netflix makes yet another change. I give the CEO 90 days before he declares he's resigning to pursue election somewhere.
I'm not saying get rid of college football, but the system needs an absolute, total change, I do agree with that part.
Ah I can't wait to se my loves tomorrow! MIAMI ain't ready!
When telemarketers call, I pick up and hand the phone to my two year old daughter. Hilarity ensues.
note also, e.g. Canada Post is suing app developers, claiming copyright in POSTAL CODES. impt to preserve open govt interface.
How's the baby doing?
are there still classes at the Minnesota locations even with all the snow?
you woke?
Golf World almost back to normal w a #Tiger win today...will officially be normal in 2 weeks with a #Masters win
Wait...that's not your real picture?
Happy 6 month anniversary baby, I love you. Im sorry you're not feeling good, but I can't wait to see you on Friday.
When words leave off, music begins.
Life is such a waste of death
LOL!! OMG!! Salty. Steven...trust me I want outta this box!!! UGH!
Twins should've put a roof on their stadium.
but for the time being i'm being thwarted by my freaking inability to find this study! *scowls at weaksauce googlefu*
on wisconsin?!?
awh i missed you to
He said , i will climb you b|tch .
loving this city! Table for one, bottle of red and escargot, waiter doesn't bat an eye!
Morning offering your followers exclusive tix offer for #BabyBashBling! Let's chat...
Just finished presenting on rescue to a great group of teachers at Florida Holocaust Museum's teacher's institute. Leaving for home.
...conforming to the european editions.
one in each leg, with room in the ass for Pedroia
hm. I thought he looked very uncomfortable in a "this seemed like a good idea on paper" kind of way.
just give them a call
Wishin my dudes were with me for my 21st but nonetheless lets get fucked up
awww where? lol your like in love with my momma :)
What is doing with these #Superbowl spots? No one is ever going to mistake it for the drink of urban sophisticates.
i need you :)
We can help you keep up with the tech news flow, too! Need sources?
like I felt so bad because he didn't let me have my space :o
Is there a good desktop based social media feed management/aggregation solution out there? Because I have yet to find one.
confirmed for Thursday, December 15th.
Thank you Irma, same to you!
Ebonee I did respond! My it was funny as hell
Reunited and it feels so good , ,& twitterlessnicole
It's been far too long, ! #goblue. : It's finally here...GameDay.
that's a good idea lol, they aren't too bad are they?
agree. Have to be out there feeling the grass
hey bro!
First day of Autumn! What fall activities is everyone excited for?
“I got rabies shots for biting the head off a bat but that’s OK – the bat had to get Ozzy shots.” Ozzy Osbourne
Unlimited texts necessary for teen parents! RT : Teens send 60 texts a day (up from 50 in 2009), according to a new Pew study.
"No bite marks no scratches and no hickies"
Too many life decisions!
The plane is finally here and I am on my way home. YES!
Rockin out to Tailor Swift with birthday girl A!
buy a shirt today and your name will go into a drawing for a free shirt of your choice! go go go! www.hyebyeclothing.com
... Please help by following me on Twitter and recommending others to do so as well. I always try to bring a positive note to your life.
What impact can a great point guard make at the major college level? Take some time and watch South Florida play in the NCAA tournament.
Welcome To Detroit.
Back in the championship! CATS CATS CATS
No more mr nice guy
This week we made Banana Nut Bread. Was a great breakfast. Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough...
Thanks for the shoutout Jen! - glad you like the comparison - thought it was fitting. :)
that's funny. Cool kid
We still have 4 Albuquerque Isotopes tickets for the correct answer to our Tuesday Trivia question on facebook!
Thankful for everyone who came out to Boocoo tonight for the blues jam and those with us in spirit!
E.g. decline of traditional families, rise in people with multiple jobs, longer hours at work
ok , what you doing
oh ok!
Currently listening to Big G's Wakarusa soundboard recording. Dom kills it on the sax in I Can't Stop!
happy valentines day!you da man always.all my love.xoxo *christina the cuban*
I miss summer
Love, love, love that Eli loves to help me bake (and clean up)!
unless you are over 100 yrs old, u moved within walking distance of a Univ. Did you really expect quiet?
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways butter your muffin.
Slept like 11 hours :) #koalastatus as Kevin M. Would say
That moment when your out somewhere not dressed up and there's like 3 cute gus!:)
Choosing water over wine - Nazarite Liberty
got a YouTube link??
yet he got into the driver's seat of the car!
What pictures are y'all lookin at besides the ones on Instagram?
love that tweet!
It's not enough to vote & walk away. Let your vote AND your views be known-It actually does matter to legislators.
Savage Life still fuggin SLAPS
lol thats random! you having fun Styles?? ;D
Haha...You cant see whos online on here!!! dummy. haha :)
I see the still think it's last year - 0 runs in opener vs. Mets. Pretty sad. Memo to management - trade for offense.
Mom (from Illinois) just said: "I can't believe I'm watching the #Brewers game. I never watch the Cubs' game."
longest walk ever . i like sittin' in the middle of the road though :)
Bitch I'm off probation. Gotta go to the lake
Dibs! That car is awesome.
Yup! That's how you win. Ijustwatched the damn video like 5 times. hahaha. And posted it on FB. Usher aint playin around.
I HAVE BEEN BULLIED BEFOR AND ITS NOT PRETTY ITS THE WORSE THING EVER :'(
See...I actually am good for something. :)
i used to do football but then I wanted I get a job, so I had to quit .
Congrats to Cassandra Moore on her commitment 2 play basketball & attend State Fair CC next season! She will have a shot 2 move on 2 D1
OMG go make a commentary about it and make sure you use a lot of exclamation points in your title and put it in all caps!!
Now that's interesting :-)
This is really taking off! We're in Boston WAITING to be found! Look for those orange #RepeatReceipt shirts!!
I don't mind if you followed me, I wouldn't care but just letting you know you're the best to Justin <3 RT
basically how guys at rocket concerts feel...
Yo, I’m such a sight to see I turn a hater to a tourist The way I order Rose, I turn a waiter to a flourist
<====Will tomorrow be the last day 4 a #Bulls themed avi?
First thing first...mall time, I think I left something in Vegas...hello Miami!
We have Jeff Ashton's new book. What he's saying about the #CaseyAnthony case... This morning starting at 5!
haha its true!!
sleepy as ever
Planning a party in 2012? Book it with our catering department before Friday to lock in special pricing.
So my phone fell when I was on one of the rides ... and I caught it with my feet.
:) just dont ever get a boyfriend. they're annoying. :P lololol
am loving the original #Gladiator: Olivia Pope and the backstory of her motley crew in this ep
One hour left!!
Ding!...round two!
of course
Tonight is our HOMAGROWN Showcase! Come join us for some fantastic music with NO COVER! Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio
The show must go on
": That suspicious moment when you know your friend is hiding something from you."
The feeling is oh so mutual!
My #Fridayreads is 5 back issues of The New Yorker. I will catch up. I WILL.
call me !
when does get him back so I can see him
Smoke something
Thankyou so much for sharing "Closer"!!!!
Excess buildup of acid in the body diminishes oxygen supply to the body’s cells and tissues.
it's quite impractical
“: Les go”I have to finish one game im playing now then yea!
Is the world really ending tomorrow? If so, off to buy some Oreos and whole milk!!
Have fun at the
wow, incredible shots!! i love B&W.
I'm guessing by those numbers that was born in 1990, the year I graduated high school.
Happy Friday From Hadley! Enjoy this day to the fullest!
Lol, yeah man RT : I look up and I see you got 18000 followers homie! Lol homie done took that leap!
I miss talking to you guys too! I never use my Twitter anymore =,= I'm gonna start again though!!!
The OKC Thunder picked up thinking he'd help win a championship. But if they keep playing him, they're toast
Can't wait til I talk to #oomf today :)
Ellen Faran MIT: communications is a form of accountability. Asking staff to explain a project to a board often clarifies the proj.
Cool! Wish I would have known before...
Don't think every tweet is for you !
of all the productive things one can do when let out of work early on a rainy friday afternoon, i chose LOST.
lol that sucks.dude
Just finished a 5 hour stint on a painting.
Going on the record.
healthcare should not be attached to employment.
