I don't like this. I don't like this at all!
Thanks for following!!! ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥Bretana♥
#ICantDateSomeoneThat is not a carbon-based life form.
It's interesting how #Christian #fundamentalists r often more afraid of death than non-believers, when their religion says they're "saved."
Finally, fantastic weather -- and on the first day of Summerfest - Coincidence? Has summer finally arrived for Milwaukee?
dude... i have to hang out with you.. smh with wishing. lol
Brain fried. Dealing w/ TOS, risk mitigation issues, IP issues & other legal issues. Ready to switch gears
just ordered a kit from i hope i find something out worthwhile...
Will be at Docksiders at 1230 for the bills game!!! Come on down!!
Brown & Jones Reporting now has a conference center which seats up to 40 people, courtesy of
I've Learned To Never Let Anyone Discourage Yu From Doing What Yu Love!! There's Nothing Better Then Doing What People Said Yu Couldn't Do.
magazine clippings and hotels and rest.s r a great starting point for a design project
I want it to rain!Happy it's the last day of school.
Did hou know? The character 'Hoss" on Bonanza actually had a normal name. It was Eric. Hoss was purported to mean "big, friendly man."
Give teachers a pension & they'll live comfortably for a lifetime. Teach teachers to protest & they'll live comfortably for generations...
every time i say that some new responsibility pops up. Starting to wonder if I'm sabotaging myself on purpose. Good luck tho!
I really don't know how I should dress tomorrow, this weather is bipolar
Did all these analysts watch football last season? The Packers have worked around key injuries before.
my bad, not my intention...we gotta have a girls night soon :-*
Playing with Neal. :)
I get a headache every time I spend money.
Got a NullPointerException today by re-instantiating something that had already been instantiated
Moorea would like to thank Kristen Ruhlin, Daniel Nguyen, Tenille Houston, and Janna VanHeertum for representing today! Wow!!!
RT : Why is it that if you like sex, people think you only like sex?
go like the FB page. They almost have 11,000 likes. Killing it.
She's from a Mormon family, so I'm betting this'll be it for her, for good or bad. :/
When a decent man like Richard Lugar loses in a PRIMARY, you know that the GOP has left the reservation and does not deserve to govern
I have viewers in Ireland and the UK! :D Anyone that goes and watches any of my videos and then tweets a link I will give a shoutout!
I'll never get over how awful The Green Lantern is..
<3 !!! And his fierce poems.
Mother's Day is fast approaching! Make it memorable with a unique gift and carve out some time to hang with your awesome mom:)
don't be shocked that the chick u met off of twitter ain't shit like she presented herself to be while she is online.
Thanks for reading and sharing!
btw- I just meant someone named Tina. I laughed... Her weave was permed though.
cause were that cute, we know. Btw it was Nathalie that old the dude...
I'm yawning and still in my pj's- but the sun is out and about in #chicago. I hear the #ctagreenline in the distance.. I should take a walk.
ATTENTION: towers is now serving Virginia ham so if you've yet to have ham from Virginia don't let this opportunity surpass you
maybe for good depending on how things go! I miss you guys!
I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE!
Walking out my door, view of the lake & Kanye on my Phone-
All right. Kitchen/fridge/cabinets/sink cleaned. Check.
I wish congress would have done it right and given the debt ceiling a beautiful Soanian starfish vault
College sports are my favorite. University of Michigan alum, so UM is my favorite, but hoping for a new coach
Join me in supporting FAIR Trade-best strategy to curtial human trafficking. Please make informed buying decisions. Blessings to you & your…
hater we won that fair and square
Yay! Was worried it got lost. Glad it worked out.
why is every single #buccos commercial done to dubstep?
I WANT TO GO TO 9FEST
haha! I have always wondered if you guys will go through with that or not... cuz it should.
throwin up the middle finga to the world n to those who think they mean sum to me
They are so damn expensive [in French accent].
when in may! I might be leaving may 15th at the soonest!
so I know I just asked this same thing about MM, but did u catch the Parks and Rec finale yet? Like it?
LMAO..... that sounds about right
I met you in NC a few years back. Told you Chipper was my favorite. But but you would always be my hero.
#iWishThat you would vote for ! Arabella Jones -Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
*LOL* So Them Analyst Saying Clips No Chance Vs Spurs- Fuck Dat When A Team Led By #CP3 Anything Possible #GOCLIPS We Can Do It.
“: I love an Anne frank number with a rhinestone collar”
Have you added "Speakaboos1" on AND ! Look at what were bookmarking!
People who owe me money <
my favorite child is the one that is paying attention to me.
Everything I eat makes me naucious 
Summer afternoon-summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language ~ Henry James
hmm but duke is always apart of the team
Cold pizza & lots of ranch >>>>
Thank Georgia! Now make sure to talk to us now kay love?
omfg i love you
5 Ways for CreatingInnovators: Collaboration, Multi-Disciplinary,Trial/Error, Creating not Consuming, Intrinsic Motivation
Route 88/horseneck beach traffic is VERY backed up
Dreams don't work, Unless you do.
Anyone know of any good document cameras?
Rise early, work hard, strike oil
We were thinking more like June once we are settled into our new live/work space.
I already pretend that mine does. :) Been getting some strange looks.
#happybossday to you! You are running the show ! #TRYINGTOTWEET!
EL food has been delivered- if you didn't place an order this week, call us or come by & pick-up some meals! First come, first served!
cant wait til my birthday, its going to be fun i aint seen a birthday sinces 09...been locked up :(
Thanks for the feedback, so glad we could help!
There's only 1 line into heaven, God doesn't care about ur denomination, skin color, social status. God only cares about what's in ur heart.
#wth?? you've got legs :-) ": Cause I am not running and almost everyone else is."
Went from dinner to watching greys anatomy. This is #painful but I shall endure for the betterment of this relationship lol
the 12 year old was beaten after a facebook invite for "kick a ginger day" was sent by his classmates. may have been inspired by south park.
Smh.. I wish things could be different
Happily the hail did not affect morning flights.
#SanDiego: Who's going to see #CHICAGO tonight?! I can't wait!
Flying #frontier to SFO today. Wish it were
I'm sure you do haha I just wanted an excuse to holler at you since I haven't heard from you in a while ;)
good job yesterday! i was impressed
Apparently I've exceeded the limit for winning free Tim Horton's coffee, because God just spilled a large one all over my car floor.
Answers:accessibility&welcoming visitors,provide safe space
Two questions: 1) Where does he "reaffirm imperial presidency" in the EO? And what does that mean in this context?
I can't spell worth shit
yo i like the direction in some of those tracks ....
Some good news for Dewey & LeBoeuf: the Dodgers get sold for $2 billion, and #Dewey lawyers advise on the deal.
I wanna watch it now! Ill make sure to look for it :)
Anyone else getting weird emails from Twitter?
In oteam training listening to joe
We should change the saying to "Home is where your phone automatically connects to your wifi"
ALEX, wanna know how to make me smile?? Follow Me?? I've been trying for forever.<3 (:
Fridge full of food, nothing to eat. Wardrobe full of clothes, nothing to wear. Internet full of sites, nothing to go on...
I ride/die for my Boo! No, not a man... my big brother!
. Very funny! lol Keep up the great work! I enjoy reading your stuff. :)
2012 will be the year of small business but if not it will be the year our ship sank to the very bottom!
I'm good with you!
no, camera is with me. I'd be already in jail if they lost my camera lol all lights, though :(
Agreed, can't wait... RT : Absolutely! This summer is already shaping up to be the best one yet!
I watched "Bad Teacher" last night. The "bad" part was correct. What were they thinking?
Yeah man me too! its crazzyy!
It's possible the column will be returning in a few months. But that has yet to be determined. Some fan mail couldn't hurt.
Oh snap, looks like & I get to hang this weekend in Hartford. Been too long, but that's #industrylife. Listen to
I hate them too!! But I know OKC will kick their ass just like they did to Dallas!
yah girl but we don't have a car mine broke down so we don't have a way to get down there and I work sat night
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
Thanks to everyone who came out today to fight
Who's in weather this evening? My imagination or is tonight's temperatures going to be in the chilly side in PDX?
OKC is on one!!!
no more kale this week, tomorrow we have the Funghi pie as our special.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Announcing presenting sponsor LST Financial for #NYE2012 #party with a purpose! Thx to GColton Photo!
forgot to drink coffee and forgot a granola bar. goodbye day. z
RT : #swagg thank you RT : S/O to and the whole team!! Grind hard and be blessed!!
so 1D has sold out like even the normal tickets
my mother just finished her last round of chemo for breast cancer a day before I did the Avon breast cancer walk. She loves you!
LISTEN TO NN PLAYING THE GAME KYNDA BORED
I'm looking for a job in Portland, OR in purchasing, admin., or marketing
😂 Ristas too funny
If you love country music, show some support and follow (if you aren't already)!!!
No but I'll watch it on YouTube l8er :) P.S I want a WWE Slurpie cup xD
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
First time for me so not sure how/if it'll work. I'm hoping it will though.
(besides the fans of the teams playin) everyone is happy about this mem/lac game 7 except Spurs fans!!! THIS SERIES NEEDS TO HURRY TF UP!
Mayweather won. I'm happy now.
very nice! Glad to see 3d spectacle design has moved past analglyph!
I don't think all you sexi chicks out there realize how much we as men jerk off to y'all... Google isn't just a website...its also a number.
I hate when i put words i didnt mean to put
Follow my new account please!!
happy thanksgiving baddies ;D :*
I think its a great idea. I know so many folks that went through a rough time with tenants. they could use this!
Check me out on LinkedIn and let me know if you need any strategic contributions. Congratulations. I loved WWS. Mark
Oh god, i'm turning into one of 'those people.'
#BRICKSQUAD4L Ahahahahahahaha. #Gohard or #Gohome. That's the moto son. ;] School is for bitches and sluts.
just not so hot that I catch fire
I wanna do something spooky for Halloween. Anyone in #Columbus have any ideas that doesn't include the #HauntedHoochie? I punch when scared.
Where you gonna be tonight?
yaaaaaay!!! Ya'll will love it when u come
Faggot punk pussy!
OH: "Farmville is subsidized by the US government."
If you're on the "he's gay" side of the debate, you win. But you knew that... ;)
shake the glitter !
I love the way the app looks. Great concept. Hurry up and expand to more cities, please.
I dunno where you be at ?
How's life aside from that?
National Board Certified School Librarians’ Leadership in Technology Integration: Results of a National Survey via
A man does not run through a wall because of who you are but for whom you stand
The two most broadly cultivated species of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora & C. arabica.
Can Miss Trudy write my name in German!?
I'll be in soon for some toffalo wangzzz, I'm sure. I'm trying to eat healthier, but always make an exception for Pal.
can a real man love me..lol
thinking of and her family today, sending her my prayers
Watching the Victoria Secret Fashion Show makes me want to donate to charities that help women battling anorexia.
Play and failure can be the same. Like!
never have and never will, A gotta go!
haha i wont!
Don't drift off to sleep with The Exorcist playing in the background.
Did anyone else hear something about #NickFairley having some issues? Thought I saw a tweet today about substance issues with him.
Happy 6th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Long Vang! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
found it iconic the political world uses Music through ever campaign... if their not supporting the arts They should stop using it
Success without God Succkssss!
What the fuck is Orel Herschiser talking about? Ever?
Tyler will be at Bamboozle this year. Anyone going? Come find me!
whoops missed National Best Friends day ;)
Preservation strategies that involve large areas of geographic
Beautiful day to drive to WV Wesleyan for a choir reunion. A new fountain, dorm, & science center since my last visit. And no more Rolstars
Priest Lake - Northern Idaho
Bosh injury is huge
hang in there man just working at it
You know you are an adult when the phrase "in-unit laundry" is more exciting than "Christmas presents."
stay in yo own lane!!!~
Isn't it interesting?
I hope your dreams stay big & your worries stay small ❤
HUGE SAVE by Mike Smith
I wonder what is cooking
RT Watch what u say on phones and social sites - ya never know who's listening or watching
Wow didn't knw its supposed to snow, wish I was in the bed.
I'm sure it is... I'm enjoying it already! Its always good to see her.
whats your number?
TSA at LAX thought I looked like Dave Matthews. That's a 1st. Gotta stop traveling with a violinist I guess.
lol!! Me either!!
Wow, I'm impressed...such a celeb! Help me make my dream a reality!
your frustration, anger, and all the other feelings you're expressing. when we win and 1d come to ny, show them your vid.
false, I ordered a Ron Artest deluxe hip hop full length mix tape. You know, the one he asked time off to record?
Whenever I need to smile, I have a 1:15 clip of one of my best friends dancing and belting out "Born to Run" and that never fails haha
west village one is better. Less crowded.
bring on the boyfriend video. I am going to bed in Ireland knowing that it will be online when i wake up. SWAG
My boobs are to big
I hate when a girl tell me how she feel at the end of the year..
Every year Dr. Truvbhshaoahdumbbitch comes up with shit to stop Freshman Friday, but she always fails lol
Pancakes with fresh fruit for breakfast!
Is it bad to wish that everyone who ever worked on IE6 or 7 deserves to die in a gas fire? I think not.
you have that many pairs?
We're running 10 minutes late, see you soon at Haight and Claython.
tonight its popping 900 east Located suites ,Meriden,ct.Drink specials $5 shot specials w/ new female bartenders
tweet me. im bored
It really makes me sad how ignorant Mark Zuckerberg is.
Sure!": my workouts aren't going well. Can't seem to get where I want to be. Wish had someone like u to guide me."
Just because you show YOUR friend respect doesn't mean iHave to!
OCLS has Shake It Up app: give your phone a shake and the OCLS 'Shake It' app will recommend a book for you
RT : #Mariners' offensive futility reaches level of perfection!
I think I might have heard #summerfest will open a day early...on Wednesday...so still ten days total...weird...
-- Hey Live at 7, still doing the "Hire Me" segment? Career Counselors want to know!
You know you're a southern belle when you walk better in your cowboy boots then you do in high heels <3
dont i sound pretty on the phone too lol?
Wow, I'm sorry. Feel your pain. My friend died of that at age 24. After being diagnosed 8 weeks before.
Thanks for making my morning full of giggles. ;-)
Tahsin Shamsul, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
ha ha ha! time to updated your bio to just
Dodgeball game today at 3:30pm for Spirit Week! Don't miss the action
Crafting. Baseball. Sunshine. My perfect evening.
there's a vry special place in #hell 4
Can they just go out already?
It actually takes my family 10 mins to get in the car, and 10 after that to actually leave. X
The funny part [about the Jerusalem artichoke] is that it does not come from Jerusalem and it is not an artichoke. It is neither. [1945]
Rockin' and rollin' at day two of #Raincamp in Atlantic City!
I'm Watching Arrested Development with Scott. Tell me again why you're not here...
I might have to agree with you on that statement! AND LOL...I just read your "bio" ;-) just go for the monster ballads
yeah ill wait to watch this until tomorrow
I just started following you . I love your acting
OMG GLEE IS ON RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
On the floor Aram Martin (Miller School)
enjoys the deserted spring break campus
: Thanks for the #followfriday love!
good!! How are u?
I smell a scam: Leftist goons publicly mugging their own money guys to create a populist image for their guy with MSM pushing it hard.
I KNOW
Haha i just thought it was funny cause they called you a pussy(: : U to huh! :/ " Lmao :D " ...
#20thingsaboutme im attracted to bad boys .
What's that? You're thirsty? There's an APP for that.
that song is legit
I'm. So. Jealous. Right. Now.
Do you cut your own? I'd tried, but it looked terrible. And I rocked it. Ha ha ha
NY diner cheeseburger deluxes rule.
Yipppppeeeeeeee! #SpotTheShuttle. Great pix to follow from ALL!
I like how that anti-Tom Barrett ad visually equates concealed carry with a HUNTER in FULL HUNTING GEAR with his HUNTING RIFLE taken away.
Slept like a rock last night and now stiff. Plus really would like to crawl back to bed. <Yawn!>
Congrats to England U17's jordandakid and in their 1-0 win over Ukraine in the Euro C'ships in Georgia yesterday
Art teachers: have you played 's #drawsomething on your phone or tablet yet? Well, prepare to be addicted.
At the school in the gym hooping' w/ Mikey , Darius , Sean & Demorea. . ! TML
#atouraine Social movements are "historical agents' struggle to gain control of the instruments and effects of social change.”
Getting ready to hit Keeneland up with at noon. Should be a good time!
in the locker room. i wish i could go home. D:
Odd how I get so giddy when I receive a new or report in my inbox.
I feel like giving something away today on the !!!! thoughts
Interesting. I do know of plenty of folks who, sadly, like to live like the stereotypes.
you should go out and buy one! are they available anywhere near you?
Never good enough
Are you at Krystal?
well deserved win today at Midwest Cultural Tourism Conference! Can't wait to see what you do next!
Im tired af. Goodnight :)
It's 70 degrees and sunny here right now. How are you enjoy this fine December day? Perhaps it's time to escape the cold :)
...to tell you how much I enjoyed it. Question: in your mind, what happened to Vic after we see him last?
Oh jeeze. Last sem, someone in my class blamed the recession on Native Americans and the Amish not paying taxes. Seriously?!
I can't decide if I love the guy that invented the snooze button, or if I hate him.
Awesome -- thanks!
End of first quarter in #Memphis. #CLIPPERS up 16 - 13 with 4 points 4 rebounds. #LetsGoCLIPPERS!!!
Aliona and Laila, Thanks for being friends of Booksicals. We love having friends from all over the world! Happy and Healthy New Year!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Spent the afternoon with NIP developing a Class on Dating. I guess it would be considered a Social Skill, who knew?
:D I'm making up for lost time now, sad that my beastie fandom peaked in high school, but I'm fixing that now.
ay you too ms. Felix fwm
That's why you never trust a man with a neck tattoo.
haven't had oxtail ramen at Kata Robata, (call ahead, they're often out) but their regular ramen is ok
This is one painful game to watch...brutal football being played at MetLife tonight.
marvelous thanks. :)
So tired of being made to feel like shit.
Is Emily Blunt like totally schnockered..said with my horrible English accent
lol!!!!!!! The #earthquake happened and as soon as it stopped....two seconds later my alarm clock went off lol
I Hate Being Cursed With His Genes . -___-
NHL officiating is becoming the laughing stock of sports. NFL is thrilled right now.
Is it just me or is Butler hard to beat whenever they play on CBS???
Juice Plus giving me energy to do yoga in the back of the room in Opryland...peoplr staring at walking eagle pose...priceless...
happy birf day bro! Congrats on finally being 18!
Thank you for the "5 awesome classroom blog alternatives"-Love it, thanks!
In honor of NOLD turning 40, we are tracking his beer intake today. Beer 1 Arcadia Witsun.
Today I begin my serious www.peggyguichu.blogspot.com entries. I'm starting my new year early with daily discipline of my time.
Yes! That's awesome! DM me!
thanks so much! Counting on you to listen-
Lebron gave his mom the best muthers day gift of all time DWADE!
He may B a Fine Man & She may B a Pretty chick but if ya Attitude is Nasty it makes you look a UGLY Biotch! Straight Like That...
Good morning! Back on Happy New Year!
cnn ticker: bears lions and tigers loose. come on, you couldnt have ordered it lions tigers and bears (oh my)?
Go Heels! :-D Graduated in '09 from SILS
You know that feeling when you've just pushed a couple big projects out the door, and then you look at your still-full inbox?
Rams give 2nd round pick to the redskins. Now shanahan can ride RG3s success into another head coaching job he doesn't deserve (like elway)
Just got a nice message from one of the people I most admire :-)
That looks great!
dont put that on here lol
Just noticed that Kim Kardashian is reading "The Joy of Quantum Physics" on the California tourism commercial. Someone has a sense of humor.
The fundamentals associated with website design | Adult SEO Blog
that's you know there bedtime like 10 lol
People confuse being real with being rude way too often.
Downtown Reno - oh so sophisticated.
I know I'm mad late, but finally able to check out the new Ebony site. So thoroughly impressed. Kudos to all involved.
I aint gone lie im in tears my dawg colton gone off American idol wtf !!!!! Lmao that im crying...
The other stuff..
Spelling, all of you!
Excited about going to check out my man tonight in Creedmoor NC. Good music...Good vibe.
oh, I see. That's not cool. #imsorry 😞
My grandpa passed away yesterday! We love and miss you! God be with you.
My family psycho.....like they not normal....I kno everybody say they family crazy....but no....mine just beyond cray cray O_o
Idk what it is about Ribbon in the Sky that brings tears to my eyes no matter who sings or plays it. My fav of all time!
Is he reversing what MLK Jr did?
come in and enjoy an order of Rosemary fries.
No high fructose corn syrup, no trans fats, no artificial colors or flavors, and no added MSG. That's how we roll.
If I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong. Don't talk to me about protocol.
The latest on the stadium bill on News and Views starting at noon! The Governor will check in at 12:30pm
Getting ready for this year's in Atlanta! Will YOU be there?
Everyone has something they can share with a young person. A compliment, how to tie a tie, or a new perspective.
The best part of predicting a "big inning" is there's a wide range of outcomes it can cover ;-)
Completely with you on that. Don't miss the Times much, get enough via links. But I tune into Guardian daily.
: Me with Chef Timon Balloo at Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodriguez's Salsa at Sea -Great pic!!
me too! I drink like 10 cups of water every day...
I swear, if you don't hurry up and pick somewhere to eat...
“Hell is full of musical amateurs.” -George Bernard Shaw
thanks for all your help! :)
Oh geez, boss just brought in a HUGE cake.
why are you so cute?
The Yearling looks all grown up in that angle.
lmao twitter is on crack or something then hahaha
oh when the wizzzzzz!!!!!
Nice! Good speakers. Now i'm jealous, hehe.
Cohen: Don't let your content be antisocial, where it just sits in a corner and doesn't talk to anyone, and no one talks to it
Hello Twitter! I sure have been busy with so many things going on! I promise to be on and tweeting very soon! Much love, DW!
Today would be a wonderful day to make me the 16th person you follow!
I mIsS mY fRiEnDs: wEnDY, lUiS AnGeL, gUsI, JoONy, JoRgE Y kEnNyA
RT : ...the two most outstanding L&D tweeps in world are: and A must have in your #pln! < Wow, thanks!
When is overtired >
#Wtf out here in a blizzard with a hoodie an some lil ass shorts like really ppl be tht dumb....
Don't miss Pilates this evening at 6 PM, at the Presbyterian Church hall in Mt. Washington. Perfect day to workout a little!
lolol thats seriously been on repeat in my head since i saw your tweet, now I have to listen to it! not that i mind
I think Im going to start a website where I write music video treatments for videos already made. So much good comedy material out there...
The show was poppin. Klyntel did it again and with the one and only Reji Lefluer. I love that guy
I received three dismissals of EEOC discrimination charges yesterday! For those not in HR, that just means I did my job real good!
Screw you Rossello!
I'm beginning to think the Sprint guy played a trick on me when he fixed my phone- there's no way the default tones are this gangsta'!
spencer & wren, spencer & toby, spencer & wren, spencer & toby, spencer & wren, jesus make up your mind!
taught for 5.5 hrs today. whodathunk i had so much wisdom to impart?
RT : Unfortunately, an O&A Dunce -- Look whos the dunce, the tweeter, or the one who retweets the original tweet.. Moron.
btw if i didnt mention yesterday was my birthday i turned 13!! can i get a shout out please... Maybe? :|
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment.
Is anyone else seeing their Facebook feed hyperpopulated with socialcam and viddy?
thank you very much for having us - great event!
Tom Hanks to star in Wachowski's sci-fi adapt. of CLOUD ATLAS. Tom Tykwer, writer/director "Perfume" & "Run Lola Run" writes & co-directs
Guess where I just bought some clothes from? (:
i want some :/ RT I'm so high on chocolate chip cookies 💛
wow Rick.. That phone on your "droid" has a quick shutter to catch him in mid-blink
Saying "LOL" even when im not laughing out loud. LOL......not!
I'm with on this one.
Kindergarten reunion??!?!?! I've gained like 100 pounds since then. No way I'm showing up!!!!
Get back to eating healthy!! ZUZU is open with regular hours.
Tee time at 7:30 in the morning? Way to early to golf in the summer but I'll take it
No clue, this weekend is going to be great.
doesn't it? I like the pickle on top
I have a few phone calls this morning and then I can head over.
Fray, Turn-Based Strategy Game Enters First Beta Phase Brain Candy's upcoming strategy title has been slowly evolving throughout the deve
How you been
welcome back!
Ladies, get those Sunday Morning hairdos ready 901-794-0553
Lots and lots (lol)
and I both know where you live and work! #Losing not #winning for you chief. Good luck
what up!
Wish I were at the DH meetup -- just back from a 14 hour college tour fiesta. Exhausted.
The Smoke Thickens | Travel Accomodations - hotels bodrum
Please make sure your referral emails RHS when they sign up and let us know you referred them this ends January 30th 2012
I'll bring you 2 boxes when you pick me up for dinner ;)
who thinks the #jets can right the ship in the last 3 games here and make the playoffs?
you would know.......lmao
You know me well, I am enjoying a Racer 5 IPA right now and just got back from the All Stars. Glad to hear youre enjoying the season!
This Fla L'ville game one of the best college gms i've seen this year. i hit the dvr b.c there is so much to learn as a coach from this gm
lol prolly asking somebody "Lemme Borrow The Remote" you can turn it back! To the game once #Knicks done smashing on em
Email us at to set up your FREE BEER PARTY at CRISP!
what did Dunkle assign them?
Day 1 of cleansing detox!!!...wow super caffeine withdrawal headache!!!
eminem. that's all I'm sayin.
Eat, sleep, work, drink
I have a feeling that the campaign probably connects with Diesel's audience but I'm certainly not a member of their target group
Interesting panel with , and David Carr about what curation and paying for it.
It’s funny.. no one ever believed that I could do this….. the reason it’s funny is now it doesn’t matter what they say I’m living my dream…
Dudes arcade fire is so out of date. new outro please!!!
We think it's a conspiracy & no one is actually buying these 3D TVs. Anyone here actually buy one or know someone who has? What's the merit?
I'm in the dmv what you know about that
RSJ Students: Want to park in the dean's spot for a day? Tweet how much you'd be willing to pay to Bids open now for March 12.
Got a tunic paisley top, yellow and white and an off white flowy cardigan. And teal 9 West strappy flat sandals! Vacation time!
variety of color options would be cool for "bala" shirt. Option for every team u played for (including Aussie team)
Maggie, Mark, Abby, and I are about to shock Cincinnati with our vocal skills. God help everyone within earshot!
More projects & More work :)))))
my 5 y/o will love that NASA animation. he's so into astronomy right now!
No work all play
Why does Latin America have a accurate hash tag of what porn teaches us?
Zippered totes available here at your library! For $10, you can support the library & have a handy bag for carrying all your books.
A day off....finally! Let's go to the lake and grillax.
Well actually we are determining if it will be my first single or not. it's either Warzone or Smile.. still tryin to figure out.
Need shorts #HaveToGoShopping!
Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby
Oops. Just hit return instead of tab and accidentally created "echidnapress" as a new blog. What do you think? Is it destiny?
Happy birthday, have a good one
you can't be serious...sals?
Yes! I love that blog title - can't wait to read it!
Watching #HendersonAlvarez tonight, Dave. He's got some #FelixHernandez in him from the stretch.
imma check y'all out this morning :D
HOW WAS IT?!
send me a message sometime if u feel like talking
"situation regarding spoons remains unchanged"
I hear that will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Go follow them for a chance to win.
sex and the hoes
I want DYING... I thought, if that happened to you - there would have been a scene... and not a pretty one. It was AWFUL.
Woohoo! my fever is gone :)
Why isn't anyone picking up their fone!!!!
I hate bein compared to other ppl
this is not NBA basketball. Every team is struggling down the stretch (omit OKC). Lets just end this season
Just recorded a classic swear I did and I ain't sayin it cuz it's mine either.......stay tuned
Will do. Happy belated birthday.
Busy bee next week! Auditions, showcases, & In The Stars show Friday night @ 10pm - NO COVER at Pat's Cocktails 12121 Riverside Drive
don't worry I'm not jamming to your new album that i actually bought cause i support you…nono its not nasty
can't even tell you how cool it is. Get there early and go hungry. :)
“: #Titans land Steve Hutchinson for 3-years per ”
I guess it is cuz u ruined a friendship for their ass
i guess.. my head just hurts really bad & so does my stomach.
#BofA Wish those shareholders lived in the real world.Can someone please introduce these elite mega financial aliens to a place called Earth
nice - I didn't know that either
Verify PSanders ; <21 Its gonna happen (:
#NP Real Friends- Home For Fall
It should matter to you. And it doesn't matter to me what you do with that knowledge, but it should matter to you.
Fake friends stab u in da bak.... True friends stab u in da front
So... juliet lost?
WOW!! That's crazy, bro!... Well thank God.
agreed! There is so much pressure to jump into social media that many orgs don't prepare for what to do next.
SoundBites in Ball Square FTW
We survived to storm nicnos tonight from 9-1am!
Love them, too! I saw them at Lollapalooza '93 ;-)
Hey are you home?
I pow wow whip it (wat else)
THANK YOIU for the FF! I appreciate it! Have a great weekend! XO J
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective. This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 298
What an endorsement !! is modern, using email is always effective.
from all the long I told her I just wanna talk you sexy but its just some about u that makes me smile to be for real im cool we both is too
you and ray were nothing but a pleasure to work with! amazing to think we never would have crossed paths without twitter!
Beautiful beach day but choppy waters from the storm out there.
Actual made-up quote: "They say he's made of furnaces." --Sheepish guy in my dream describing a cranky guy.
Optimization for my website and blog.
at CTIA? Would love to show you...
Had lunch at Michie Tavern with Marjorie McLellan, who's now on her way to visit Monticello with her friend, Rosalind. Great fried chicken!
The pricing on the website is just a starting point for you to reference. It depends on what you want to do and what yo need.
and I also got his number ;) and me and cole took pic together!! 😍😍
RE thanks Jon. Always great to hear from you.
What I thought was chap-stick was actually a spare camera battery
#BeGreat Go Pac Go!
ETSU #RelayForLife is TONIGHT! Come to the Mini-Dome at 6pm! Help us celebrate a world with more birthdays!
Dude... AMEN!
G.Hill WILL be a HOF, but i don't think he deserves it, his career has been a big "if".
Tom Jones&#39; Two Cents: Tampa Bay Rays&#39; celebrity couple
Watching his 8 yr old son beating a punching bad screaming. " I hate Obama".
Good luck to who are training for a 900 mile Lands end to John O Groats cycle ride in May supporting
Homestead may have ended on-track #nascar season. Today marks true end of season 4 many 'behind the scenes' industry!
There's no better feeling then sitting in the back seat of a car driving through a big city at night and looking at all the lights. Love it.
Wow, so sore from rock climbing last night. Just started last week and my body is really having a hard time adjusting to the new hobby.
I miss my girls. Haven't hung out in weeks :/
I have hit the proverbial wall. It is only 7:00. Wow, am I old or what?!
RT : Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born.
Life is pretty business as usual at this gas station for a completely mysterious eagle attack that has killed hundreds.
lmao, pause first my name was mahogany too much n dha book you tuned it to that, now its this, whats next
chachi u are the best i am so glad i got 2 meet u 2day, i pray for u everyday, especialy today :) ily i hope ur doing okay!
thanks thanks im getting my stomach done next (:
I also think that the #femtechnet scholars' tweeting of their meeting is a form of feminist praxis: opening institutional doors!
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Adrienne Rich. Your poetry changed the world and the way I interact with it.
totally agree. Haven't watched SNL when it was actually on in a long time but Will makes it worth it.
Rose isn't gettin any calls
#JRMartinez can do no wrong! Did you see his latest move? He just keeps getting better!
DigitalStakeout is now assisting in the Lisa Stone case. Check them out on twitter. We are confident that this case will be solved soon!
I am so excited to see your face!
Whole foods has THE slowest juice bar in LA!! I'm better off growing my own vegetables and juicin them myself! Ugh!!
MT: ... #BuenCamino to those who need it. I can't wait to do mine.
You're the best, girl!
My new music video God is on our side has got lots of views on you tube thank you every one !!!!!!!! <3 Kellie
I'm really liking Jennings @ the 2 and Beno @ the 1. It allows Jennings to focus on scoring and not turning the ball over to the other guys
can't decide if that's cool or pathetic.
I'm a dude
I'm not sure what passive income generators are in this space, or anyone who even talks about it that way
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW
= The Realness right now.
yea, not to make you jealous or anything, but the movie was in 3D...
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder. - James H. Boren
it is sorta like the Dark Knight series. He's really turning into Captain Torch.
do u know any challenges in sf cuz I'm starving for food
jeezus they are good
im very insecure when it comes to my real hair
good battle tonight. Well excecuted. See u next week.
Evita broadway show
haha yea alot of people do that just to get money or something but yea lol (: xx
The classes will be every style of dance that I knw, but mainly hip-hop
Guy on the bus Sunday put his hand on my leg is a SUPER CREEPY fashion. I moved his hand & he did it again, so I changed seats.
2 set of lips - & she lies out them both
Wrapping up a great weekend celebrating 12 yrs of marriage w Thankful for God's patience, love and grace!
NOT GONNA STOP CALLLINGG! PICK UP AUSTIN<3
Upgraded to HTC inspire! Bye bye blackberry! Daddy is hella happy!
thanks bud! Excited to get into some classrooms this month!
Pitino in white is good luck (but bad look).
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let us help you have the best looking house on the block!
Rock ON!
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. ~Author Nora Roberts <-love this!
Chipotle for lunch. Feel like I've eaten a brick.
Setting the alarm for four.
Off to list and then to show.
#Braun statement: Should have used UPS! What can 'Braun' do for you?
Proverbs 2:3-4 Cry out for insight, and ask for understanding. Search for them as you would for silver; seek them like hidden treasures.
night = ruined.. #timeforbed. 
then you're talking about a full product life cyle, from initial "notice" all the way through to "love".
Cont. Josh Hamilton DH/OF, & Roy Halladay P
Sad weekend in motorsports.. RIP Mr. Carroll Shelby, one of the great ones!
200 years after no longer requiring voters to own land, GOP would require them to own cars.. unless you think non-drivers go to DMV for fun?
Put God first & everything else in your life will magically drop into place.
We're glad you enjoyed your visit. We hope you come again. Please let us know if you have any questions.
You're welcome. See you next year.
cosign GAG
They should make Justin spiderman. o: Like Really.
Best Relationship Matches = Love & Laughter
hell yeah u own it. Its yours
For da #hottest beats... #FollowMe and send me ya email for samples
hey, no worries. Key West doesn't have 26,000 undergrads or UCLA special collections w/Aldous Huxley's papers
We are going to be at The Audition show tomorrow night too!
Crunch on Sunset is having a $0 enrollment 2 Day Sale. Come in by Wednesday, get the best price of the year! Can I get a RT?
What are you looking for Jessica. Would love to help!
All my days, I've wanted nothing more than a wine in a shoe, so yes, I am very jealous!
Fake is the new trend, and everyone seems to be in style.
#MacBook HP Chairman Poses With Apple MacBook Air
you are my idol
are the rumors of the Oprah of Chula Vista getting your own show on the new U-T San Diego TV true?!
People in California give their cats Prozac.
Looking forward to some roller derby and rock n' roll this evening :-)))
I don't see how we can have a party this summer without live music, private cabanas, and scantily clad celebrities in a gigantic pool
nah but that's the only thing I know I'm better then him at lol that n jumping just as high
Any suggestions on what to do with the ancient boyfriend (who's politically repubgnant) who now wants to be FB friends?
awww Mrs.Jones giving you the silent treatment?
That moment when the school thinks a vial to hold weed in is a crackpipe and adds that to your charge of possession. I DON'T FUCK WITH CRACK
Just realized I replied to Twitter, not to you. It was my pleasure--see you in October.
So where the fk did shabazz go? Or did be not choose again?
If you missed our opening concert Welcome to America, you can tune into KNXR at 7pm tonight for the rebroadcast.
KW: on average, union workers make 30% more than nonunion. Bargaining rebalances power btw employers and workers.
Have a safe drive! My plane lands at 9 tonight
"Heathers" is great because it's totally of a horror movie. Satire-style.
had a great twitter page. I like how he mixes it up with current news and great info!
WHY I CHECK MY VOICEMAIL: 5%: Because I care about my missed calls. 95%: To get rid of the annoying icon on my phone.
I do ? Lol I think I'm better off w/o to be honest .
a few times, very quick, shes in background shots. i was teasing her asking for her autograph haha
25 K is hard but I can't believe it's going to be my reality this summer for the shows when I blow up
That is one good-looking group right there! :)
May the odds be ever in your favor.
The back bar was ugly… the unified search box took up a lot of vertical space… now all we have is the worst of both.
new trk up soon...
For real. RT“: The ignorance of this world takes my breath away sometimes. What are people protecting marriage from?”
Y the hell sebt me 9 txt n 1 min lol she drunk
Who is PUMPED for Ravens/Pittsburgh game?
drink local!
Arrival time at LGB, 925a. SuperShuttle pickup time, 1051a. Total # deep breaths taken: infinite.
but then since justin confessed about what happened , professor crumbs gives all his head powers to justin.
Sit & Knit at the Children's Library TODAY! Monday, 4/2 4-5pm for kids ages 8-19!
Blurry avi's << I wonder do they do it on purpose?!
lynette_amerie maybe. You deal with this problem daily though.
Am I The Only Once Having A
Rediscover #Prairietown We kept what you always loved about 1836 Prairietown and made it more interactive & engaging than ever before!
lol Oh okay. Sry if I misinterpreted that last one. Head is in #fiveplacesatonetime :)
and how did that go? Awkward, interesting?
Oh no you didn't! The Reds announcer on FSOhio, "you can throw a dagger in the Brewers now". He must be a Packers fan.
I'll be spectating. Text if/when you're in the area.
follow me Alex!
Can you please follow me back!! it would mean so much.! your such a funny interviewer !!(:
You can only have one item that ranks as most important in your life, and your actions will tell others what it is. Choose wisely!
when GOD took my mama he placed a woman in my life that love me unconditionally iloveuy grandma tootie:)
Absolutely. We allow re-use in every sense of the word.
Thank you BunkZunk for your support. Most appreciative.
I want some chocolate :D I LOVE CHOCOLATE!!
Just tapped Alaskan Birch Bock
Looking forward to Mayweather vs. Cotto!! There better be blood!
": No one whines about officials like Rangers fans. The NoDak fans of the NHL." Haha, visit the MavPuck message boards.
Thank you Gina from Rumingle.com for helping me on episode 9. You are great and I am looking forward to working with you in the future!
RT : ALPHA by is “Pulse-pounding…Rucka mixes suspense & an alarmingly realistic plot with ease”...
Currently reading "Wings of a Dream" by
n who ever sent the pic of sara flashin justin is a complete dumbass like relly... u probably gunna ruin his reputation retard
#nowplaying Something More-Secondhand Serenade
A thousand times I've failed STILL your mercy remains. & should I stumble again, I'm caught in your GRACE.
The book bags have been packed with care for #bookbuzzcpl Monday Now off to eat ribs at my Chicago fave
Leaving from San Pedro or Dana Point? Love Catalina, esp. Two Harbors.
Thanks for the kind mentions & RTs Best of weekends 2 you
Lately my diet has consisted of burgers & raspberries.
"mobile Internet is not helping people overcome demographic differences" - with a hung head
It just started. You're in time!
Jose!!! Trip-trip-triple!!!
How come Bristol Palin opens her mouth and the world talks. I say something and nobody gives a damn. Maybe because I am more intelligent?
New research from : Women over 50 feel invisible at retail and to marketers. Yet more vibrant and more connected.
DOES ANYONE WANT TO DO A DROP FOR MY SHOW ON CHOP CHOP RADIO....HIT ME UP AND LET ME KNOW AND ILL GIVE GIVE U MY EMAIL ADDRESS!!!
Anytime! If I can assist you in any way I will. :)
Will be at work when the B1A4 MV comes out tomorrow. D: </3 Don't want to see any news about it until I get back from work.
Happy Easter everyone!!!! Family coming over soon :D
Follow us so you can Direct Message us your address we will send you one bro!
they need you on organ bro. Lol
Having never been to Australia, that would certainly be my choice!
wow doesn't surprise me.
The tix will be under Rusty Rollison at will call! Enjoy!!
went to the movies with my friend vicki went to see breaking dawn and jack and jill soo much funn
Bored out of my mind , don't know what to do -___-
When in doubt...EAT CURRY!!!
Basement Sanctuaries will be published as Story of the Week at Foto8 Online on September 22
Very nice! We will try and include that on Saturday's party playlist just for you :)
A guy who won't pitch in Sept doesn't deserve CY ": ": My Cy Young favorites: Stephen Strasburg."// no love for Cueto"
I need to get out of here..
I think it all started when you picked karate kid, down hill from there! I forgot all about the guy hugs. Haha their crazy!
Going to the TRX class tonight at 5:45 pm at Sierra Fitness!
IKR(: Its so weird
Listening to Justin Beiber on and he sounds so mature
yeah, no memory expansion, no replaceable battery. You were better off with an android.
trust me, im so down for that...lol. enjoy ;-)
On my way to school
how can you OD on OSF? (But to be honest, I'm about to explode with food so I think I could MAYBE see how.)
Anyone recommend a good scanner app for Android? There seem to be numerous ones out there...and of course, any good beer apps?
No, it doesn't have to be perfect to be really good.
Every time I hear "look at me now" I think of justin bieber and how he rocked that rap hahah he's so cute
(hehe, just kidding)
RT Before we disappear into the hectic blur of the New Year...yfrog.com/kefwmgtj
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!! Love you!!!
Yes indeed. Also unrivaled among his peers for comic potential application of his name.
You are right, my apologies
Looking forward to the session on grant writing for NIH TODAY at noon. See you there!
Tomatoes are the richest food source of lycopene, an antioxidant studied for its potential disease-fighting properties. Salsa time!
So what you're saying is, I'll have one less follower? Damn! :)
I haven't talked to you in 3 days last . Last text i have from you is Monday ?
Happy 2012!!!! I'm ready for you.
Awesome. I'm with my friend as well.. we are weird ass kids man >_<
You fucked my kindness over! You fucked my fam.i.l.y over and most of all you fucked my <\3 over
Ah! I'm a week behind... is it good?
I just want something cold to drink !!
There is a shockingly good sushi bar in the Detroit airport.
That was a nice burst of productivity.
About to see True Grit at the cutest little theater in the Latin Quarter: the Grand Action. So excited.
haha, i'm hearing terrible things about that region from everyone! i was just saying the other day i feel lucky on the east coast.
"1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON MARTIN" RALLY THIS FRIDAY MARCH 30TH @ GOULDS PARK IN SOUTH MIAMI, FL @ 5PM!
Had an exciting brainstorm session today for a high school student interested in interning for a cable television network.
Where u @ boo.
Once you’ve communicated the emotional reasons to buy, justify the purchase with reasons that make logical sense.
I just lost the game
I didn't get it
Yay! You're a sweetie.
Not shocked
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. Plato
RT : .: "I can't do real-time journalism on Facebook the way I can on Twitter." Worrisome since most people are there.
please tell me you're recording!!!
#Soccer moms through the years: Kick the ball honey! Good job! Take it from her! Don't let her do that to u! Push her back! Hit her! B*tch!
#GameChangeBaltimore : Exterior shot of Downtown #Baltimore, by Mitchell Courthouse...
Affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly.
#WWE So Did Cena Just Admit He Has No Balls?
Study Day: noon to midnight. Tutoring in most subjects, 1st floor center, with treats for participants.
Waiting for burgers at Hodad's, which sounds like the San Diego version of We'll see....
We want to thank for being the sponsor for SMBSD27 this Friday - you guys rock!
You guessed it. The Damn Near Free #Contest continues today @ 5 EST. Answer ?'s for $$
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. Mark Twain
Well we all know the outcome of this game so I guess I'll go do some more work tonight.
I really wish that EotD was bring done as a series on HBO, Showtime, or AMC...Syfy is so hit or miss.....
What a rip by B-Moss
I never accepted that bet, Im not dumb ;)
I can be a gentlemen. anything you want. I can be your superman. I can be your everything.
Never be bullied into silence.Never allow yourself to be made a victim.Accept no one’s definition of your life;define yourself.-H.Fierstein
the proud family movie is gone off so Phineas and Ferb it is
On the beach right now but looking to get back in the game SOON!!!!
Well, now we are pumping up for Saturday!
What time do finals start tomorrow?
are any of you coming to DC soon?
Recording VO auditions. Not used to doing it at night, voice feels off.
Just listened to the latest podcast and was hands down the best thing I have listened to in awhile. Loved the conversation.
let me know when you come back from Syracuse :)
One good reason not to lock your smartphone: when you lose it, the guy that finds it simply calls you back, as it just happened to me.
Yeah im sad, But his heart will always be in texas and i am so happy for him that he is getting to live out his dream. He is doing this -
Have full day off. Anything to do in this town?
Read every Bryce Harper article on Deadspin.
RT : is that a Meetup? Similar. It's at belo nightclub. See u there
Happy Wednesday Twittersphere! Feeling some #memberpride today:
RT : HELLO :D
Agree “: Hey, I dig the white out as much as the next guy but it made a lot more sense when the home team was wearing white.”
This Twitter app is acting stupid.
Someone told me today that I would have been perfect for the role of Lord Grantham
But an entire book every day? That's just crazy talk. . . . I think.
Workout tip for time starved #startup founders - workout in half your normal time, but add a weighted workout vest. It will wear you out.
Great meetings with new and repeat clients this week. Looking forward to working on some new mixing projects for both music and video.
Faith is the function of the heart. - Mahatma Gandhi
The popcorn was so bad I had to return it for a newer batch last night
hahah u gotta help me move all my stuff home too
Holy shit I'm seeing childish Gambino tonight
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
All the "old" people love my cassette tape iPhone case. Those under 23 don't get it.
congrats #TuiTime RT : Excited to announce we've signed Dolphins defensive tackle Isaako "Tui" Aaitui as a client
don't let your twizzler fetish hold you back!
RT “If you smile at someone, they might smile back.“ -Author Unknown
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.
#TheVoice "We're all the same color with the lights off." CeeLo (Love it!)
Lmao its to funny:-)
What are your plans for Memorial Day? I think its time for some BBQ. But then again, it is always time for some BBQ. But that's just me.
Mondays can be tough!
Hi Gregory. Nice to meet you & thanx for the invite. I'm in Charlotte, so I won't see the show, but I will give a listen!
hacking this lil ugly girl twitter
Like minds of quality!!! <3
are you back in NY yet?
Recruiting on a Senior Communications Specialist position in Rochester, NY. Really cool job!
Halverson: Standards and accountability legislation led to shift of schools responsibility for access to responsibility for outcomes.
Lol.. Why is that? I still get buckets too!
Everyday is a great day! I have nothing to complain about:)
When your on deck and all ready to bat and there is 2 outs but the hot in front of you strikes out
You should not make terrible choices or prefer to eat junk food
I better be after what you just said..ON TWITTER. TWITTER. TWITTER. TWITTER.
You either with me or against me!!!!!!!
Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW @ 12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE! Spread the word! :)
EMERGENCY!!!!! What pedals do you use? I want your fuzz/overdrive!!!
Your prof will deny saying that.
& should become part of the crew. Just throwing that out there.
Quaker Steak and Lube tonight! Any friends from Ohio want to meet there??
Marcel Proust When something is missing in your life, it usually turns out to be someone
can we Skype...have a few questions for you.
At 20 a man thinks he can save the world. At 40 he's lucky if he can save a small portion of his salary.
Pleasure! Thanks for the follow back!
ah.. First time of the year there is a little trick.
facebook is stupid
Inbox was full. RT : Leave it to the Hollywood guy to get creative and wear a gray tie. SMH at u Peter Guber
ima let you play with my tattoo...ha..keyboard!....ha
My path is truly becoming clearer and clearer.....
I hope u r doing great Queen :)
Bob Filner looks a little crazy & defensive in going off script.
Tracking with (of fame) tom for our debut release. Happy to lay down tracks that prove we actually are in a band.
It was great meeting you too! Hope to see you on board soon!
it's super amazing, and tyler is totally rad. Were you at the NRA show as well?
print your confirmation out you can reprint your badge there or I believe online on reg page as 4 card probably get 1@√ n
Whack-a-mole Wednesday!
Bennett just told the district to budget based on the midyear cuts happening.
not advocating this. just wondering.
Stretch break in Albany. Home by 1:30 tonight!
Look out for the DREAM TEAM..just wasnt my time
so excited that the fab chair for my AHA panel doesn't need papers until Jan.1. God Bless Fred Hoxie!
Okay Can I have your email?? Ill send you a so we can get this started
I thought today was Wednesday...
I'm heading to DC for the OCLC-Webjunction-Project Compass meeting to hang out with librarians.
Go get slapped by a bus
LOL That's what Twitter is for. You can kill so much time on this joint lol
walking on my crutches after surgery
Let's see it!
PANEL INFO: Digital Runway SIS-223
Same :( RT RIP MCA (Adam Yauch) Going to put on License To Ill and mourn loudly. :(
Gr8 week so far: Hosted an art salon Sun. pm w/ great peeps, dinner w/ fav LA model Treasa Tues, & my friend cellist Serena Jost tonight.
yeah I'm great.. You been aight?
“: More mental health closure protesters shouting in #chicouncil chambers.” not going to stop.Why no hearing?
yo I'm coming outta retirement, playing in a celebrity game next weekend!
He should tweet us saying sorry for playing like absolute trash and sorry for sleeping the entire damn game.
Who Down To Txt Thoo ? (:
Its a smaller party than i thought....thats nice i made the cut off list, i feel loved, haha(:
Stop by booth #904 at #alamw12 to pick up info on the new TV show Great #Libraries of the World! Ask for me!
Jimmy! Whatever you would like. You're the djay.
Nick Julian and chris still need bff's for my story!! ~Ashley
E-mail address is ... Thanks.
Happy Birthday Whoopi! We LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE you. Keep tooting.
hahahaha yes!! A nice, bright shining welcoming face of Missouri... What a nice thing to remember
S/o to all NF.. I always follow back
": Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while."
cuz I havent been here in a long time -dannah
It's so cold!
probably will be late Friday night. Should I make a reservation?
some woods
Bought CD! Amazing!
Co-create one piece of peace a constant intention.
Chunky as charged
Dude named Fred Boyce got rocked by an alligator is a crazy mofo lol
Biogenesis - Harmonic Science
thanks for the RT Deanna!
You guys hearing this news on the Madoff/Mets lawsuit?
Someone get Ryan Seacrest a new tux.
Glad C loves her bus driver, but she talks about him all the time. A little strange for a 6 yo to be obsessed with a 40 year old man.
Poppycock is so underused. Can that be the title of your next book?
oh, I see it. Twitter just pulled his address book in his phone. Dang!
Enough studying, time to take a break and go to dance practice then come back and do more studying :/
how u doin
Her docs are nice!
I am a firm believer that when you see kids behaving poorly, just look at their parents and you will get the answer why it is the case.
"The cure for everything is salt water- sweat, tears, or the sea."
Welcome, Love Boat!
Chillin bout to watch a movie. Netflix time haha
Hear from those who escaped the Plymouth fire after the game.
Why yes, I will trust my home security to a company that robocalls my cell phone.
I need to be better about organizing my work-related research. Damn my professional apathy.
Loved Reitman's latest. Good stuff there. Fantastic story-telling.
I just wanted to tweet you his name cause you said so. So here, :D
www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com ~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management
I feel awful.
The "Stand Your Ground" law should be renamed the "Legal Lynching Law."
And he's Leaving Alex? Omg. Here comes the tears
RT : Come get your grub on before watching our at ! Brunch is now until 3!
Were all my fans of NFL
US intellectual history. I have Hollinger & Capper, Metaphysical Club, Pauli Murray and others
: It will go home empty handed.
I might fall asleep on this here couch.
Pet Clinic is setting up to go on stage at Art All Night now.
When life isnt reason enuf 2 respect the living, will be content w/our own lives being on the wrong side of a societal cost/benefit analysis
was the motion?
We're going to see Follies on Broadway tomorrow! Really looking forward to it, anyone seen this production?
that nigga west brook odd Idc what nobody say
MCPSA is pleased to host a St Louis Student Enrollment Fair at South City Prep on Grand until 2 today.
Guess who took another charge at a crucial moment? Shelton of course! Media timeout with 2:50 left with #Aztecs leading 63-59.
i want to be memorable, never a memory...
We love all our WV teams!
Day 1 of complete. I'll be drinking my beer tonight through a straw
Strong, professional, passionate, global, forward thinking
can all of you guys please delete, please delete for
PYT trending because of michael or something else?
It would be nice to reach 3,000 followers
#vampires #zombies #werewolves I'm more afraid of when mummies come back from the dead, and get pissed because they're not trendy anymore.
hell's ya! Got a 90 on my math test! Woo hoo!xD
Man i remember when I got my first cell phone
did you see the bow he took from Hardin? My face was like: oh 😱😱😱
She may talk it, but she ain't about that life!
yeah oh well!!!
Seriously watching Tough Love: New Orleans.
I don't like that they don't give u the original TOMs box when u buy them from
Unless you use those magic markers, you're absolutely straight on fucked
Finna pull up to the quick trip for a chili cheese dog at half time mm
is slowing learning how to connect myself to myself across my different media platforms, blogs and all! wish me luck. xoxoxox
Wearing white pants is a guarantee I will sit in something and/or spill coffee within ten minutes of leaving the house.
totally right :) but yeah.
ULL will look to defend its SBC Tournament title and record the fifth conference championship in a row for the Cajuns.
In the end...hard work and dedication pays off! Keep hustling, keep grinding, but don't lose yourself! #stayhumble Congrats!;o)
It doesn't feel like christmas at all todayy:( its so weirdd
Black cherry faygo>>>
You guys get to fly to Edmonton? No bus ride? If so, that is awesome!!!
Good eye.
Goodnight tweeters <3
You better visit when you're in Charlotte!
The past is a lot like a shadow on the ground behind you. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not still there.
Lol... that's disturbing.
Also any 'progressive' writing 'not one penny not one vote' will also bear that responsibility for uninsured.
no #sales today-- the kids and i are going to rake, then watch some nba playoffs.
You could have saved him, had he let you.
DJs i really need yall on that "Gettin Em" single, hit me for the service pack
Is home resting. My hip don't lie when its hurting!!! Have a great day; afternoon, evening, and night!!
Found god on google earth.. i knew he was real
nope pleasure trip lol
I hear the male counterpart to the other story.Almost an epistolary flavor but first person/present rather than letters
No problemo girly my pleasure :] thank you so much!
D3 offers good luck wishes today to S.B. and M.F. A sincere & heartfelt D3 congrats to C.V.!
I would have more respect for Jon Bon Jovi if he was an analyst over Jon Barry
Thanks so much, Mike! Very much appreciate your reading and review!!! Thank you!
can it just be saturday already!?
Hi - not in this person this year but I'll be participating in the backchannel
Love this quote: Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
Well then. RT : If I was a Chicagoan on a Domu.com ad, it would read: Lauren. Twitter Monster. Expert booty shaker.
EVERYONE FOLLOW (:
UGGH!! I just got sad again. :(
I never wish death on nobody, cause there ain’t coming back from that
dunno, they had replaced the turf at AA last time I was there...
Happy Mother’s Day to all of those that are Mothers and to all of those that will one day become Mothers.
Thanks! I will need to go get the extra piece.
omg same here! I still got 8thgrade to go but it will be over before I kno it! Ah
#wellington call me maybe ? ;) 4692330512 <3
This Thunder Fan wants to go to the Yankee Doodle Tap Room! #tweetyourseat Sec 20 Row BB Seat 2!!
Swell Noel
What Up Trey!!
My pleasure. Know the kind of work that is involved so had to mention it. Do you visit Texas at all?
If you haven't heard Hillsong's new album I recommend you get it/listen to it ASAP! It's AMAZING!!! :D. <3
Marines headed north toward LA from Camp Pendleton
Someday I would love to join on a #ramenquest. He is the master of
You know what baby. Don't start with me! We are all going to make sure you are safe! Don't need any mishaps!
Do you need assistance making a year-end gift while our office is closed? Contact Lesly Bosch Annen at .
So far, I think it's just a list of one. ;-p
Get it gurl!
Dang it, I got cream cheese on my work pants.
Thanks to all who joined us yesterday at - we will see you in Madison again soon!
Personal pursuits excite students - Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette
wow the left is full of hate I hope you don't represent the majority of uneducated people
STOP CALLIN, STOP CALLIN, I DON'T WANT TO THINK ANYMORE
How is everyone today?
I will vote for any candidate who promises to wall off Florida and turn it into a giant Hunger Games/Running Man/Battle Royale cage match.
To level the playing field... starts w/ the edu of our sons and daughters. ~VP Joe Biden
I like how I think I need sleep for a 6 hour bus ride but I never think I need sleep for school.
So glad to be apart of the INDEPENDENT PARTY! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Begins SHOOTING the role of Concetta in the trailer for THE YEARS OF THE LOCUSTS directed by Italian documentary filmmaker, Carlo Mignano.
so what's the happy hour specials?
Crush it!!!
What time is it? Game time!
I am thinking about getting a 2004 Chevy SSR for a new car!
Lakers, Celtics, and Bulls all on TV tonight. Lakers & Celtics on TNT and Bulls on ESPN.
Working 2 years in the #Azure cloud. What a great experience!
I blogged for over a year on my fansite before I wrote one blog post that got more hits than that entire year's worth of posts combined
Thank me later.
RT : Happy 10th Anniversary to one of the best PR companies in the biz. Proud to know the team there! // THANKS!
I ate the pizza ;) Aw you want my company ^^ #Cute :)
haha wish I could say it would be soon, but funds are tight nowadays... I'd love to make it up there though
Hit up our webstore! They will be put on Will Call at the venue. www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
I am in search of an attitude adjustment this week.
#cosign RT : Make sure to check out to get your free music on! Why wouldn't you want to support FREE MUSIC! FOR FREE!
Tomorrow a movie filming will simulate an explosion in a vehicle with a fireball effect on Withers St at Union Ave between 1:30 PM and 4:30.
I know...Howard is a class guy
is the funniest guy i know lol you shoulda heard wat he just said
"The opposite of #PLAY is not work. It's depression." ~Brian Sutton-Smith (play theorist, 1924) May your day be filled with childlike cheer!
I love the design and unique de signs of Ettika jewelry my fave is the snake ring!
Pleasure reading bender, YES! HUNGER GAMES is waiting by my bedside...all three.
u r amazing that would never change promise
If your in Seattle this weekend, go to this booth A4QSports @ Seattle Golf Show. Another TE from the NW who played a few yrs!
in school :/
proved itself to be amazing for yet another season
no complaints!
Anyone ever notice the word “die” in diet?!
Guess who turned 1??
"Son, I'm 30. I only went with your mother 'cause she's dirty. And I don't have a decent bone in me. What you get is just what you see."
Thanks for the RTs hope we see you there :)
The #Celtics started strong cuz they was rockin to that in #Philly sorry #StreetfixPhilly fans we still luv y'all.
so great to connect with you, thank you for the follow XO
Oh you hurt me so good!
I am gonna come party wit the crew next time! #getready!
your 0% yogurt is still the best, but the cherry passionfruit tastes a lot like cough syrup. Ugh. Guess I'll stick with plain.
I've never been the best with my mouth.
They pay you the big bucks to tweet that?!
The unsavory taste of vodka ads | The Flying Yenta
I wish he would try me ctfu
Always thrilled to find a fan of my books. Thanks! Love DocMartin, so does my husband & friend Thea.
Such a great movie. Although I can't build anything or grow anything so I probably would not make the cut. lol
Wilson's hot tamales makes you jolly
Is it the start of a great day or an extremely long one when you almost make yourself late to work cause you were pinning on pinterest?
His tummy is soft and sqooshy but the rest of him is covered in spikes! He is a chill dude, though, so he doesn't stab you.
You have no idea the turmoil you have just caused me. Yes to carbs/No to carbs. Yes to deliciousness/Yes to no deliciousness
:) Good to hear from you too ! and thank you ! I'm so thankful that they are.
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:39 AM using Waze - Drive Social
I just want to be with right now...he always makes me feel better.
Thank you! That's a super useful reference. My plan now is to get data back as geojson -- should be straightforward sailing. I hope
you know what's really cool is that in your tour you guys perform at a bunch of places I do too :))
I've drank like 7 cups of kool-aid tonight. It's cause I'm black doe.
Wish I could have made it...looking forward to checking it out! RT : Opened up last night for PASIC attendees - great event!
I happen to be very lucky with the people I meet, though :)
It appears I have agreed to coach a team of 11-year-old girls for the spring soccer season. Not entirely sure how that happened.
Oh my god hahahaha. I love when people scream at eachother. Its the most entertaining thing ever.
Suck my dick for a lotto guess
I'm praying Exodus 14:14: "The Lord will fight for you; you need only to be still." (A good prayer for radiation!)
great morning toon
Down the street and around the corner from me...lol. Enjoy!
Pam Armstrong's presentation on the semantic web is the best at showing exactly what is possible with the semantic web & rda.
Very sad isn't it?
it just me or does it just get you jacked up watching in anything he does?
I thought we killed "swagg"??!!! If we didn't we should.
I think I finally got rid of the Twitter virus! Thanks
I believe they own a number of the vacants that are clustered there on Reed. Perhaps there's some larger plan...
Why do i always crave for spicy food when i have stomach trouble?
Are you making any stops in Indianapolis or nearby?
Oh Stephen, ALL of my readers are civilized. It CAN be done...who knew?! Your response was Grade A. Will answer in the a.m.
I think Jack Daniel`s is a racist, because, he does not get along with Jose Cuervo
Thanks to all the haters for making not only my girlfriend, but girls everywhere feel worthless and ugly.
It's so fun to watch good basketball.
what day is comin over this weekend? ..can we get eat park the next morning lol
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is a bitch.
RT : “We love our bread, we love our butter, but most of all we love our butter.” -Paula Deen as Madeline
Yeah, I only got rid of a little bit before I moved. And all of my furniture. I think lots more will go.
When an ICONiac has the Same Icon pic as you...
the people just look at me like wtf. I'm surprised they don't know my name.
Milwaukee's top team takes 113 points, Madison manages 65.
Two days of doing nothing but reading my novel was worth every minute. After 14 rewrites, I still had some inconsistencies.
Then we gotta wait till 12:30.. ugh too fuckin long.
Happiness doesn't depend on what we have, but it does depend on how we feel towards what we have. - W.D. Hoard
I really dislike it when people just stop texting you in the middle of a conversation -____-
We go through a surprisingly small amount of bacon, Portland. Seems odd to us.
LOVE Sampan! Great apps!
holy downpour
whad'ya know?? Thanks a latte for the kind words! “: shout out to my alma mater uwm pre-grind-could have used you”
more positions for new graduates. It hasn't happened for years!
I put you in your place....didn't I....
Sounds fantastic! Thanks!
Goodnight Anthony!(:
Bummer. season is over. Swarm win playoff game 14-10. Still had so much fun... such a great time for the kids!
see you in roughly 9 hours!!! Have a safe trip :)
I just wanna get you addicted!!!
freind with brand new baby in NICU who needs good thoughts and prayers. Get well Sidney Grace.
#cara student Ricky M. secured a position as a production worker at Mars Chocolate through Staff Management! 67 of 310!!
I was on the founding team back in '09 and now run our impact eval system. Tell me a bit about your involvement in education?
Q: Why did #MickeyMouse take a trip into space? A: He wanted to find
(304):I tried to cut him off and he said "I was the president of a fraternity for 3 years, I could outdrink God."
Like a good neighbor state farm is there! With in my bed!! Hahahaha
#beforetwitter i never followed strangers ;)
Hey, I would be too! m, jelly filled glazed donut. Yes please.
Great to be with my son Ashley today in Lexington. 7 people gave their lives to Jesus today!
: Saturday. I leave Sunday morning. It'd be great to see you before I leave.
Kobe see what happens when you pass the ball. Greedyman lol
It was #babypalooza this morning at ! Baby N and I had a blast playing with our new friends.
#LightSkin is the shit! I say that cause I'm light skinned. But we're all beautiful! Black, white yellow, and brown.
this is bullshit! I always text u back! Lemme check again and try to resend
Let's go . Beat sharapova!!
Idk just look for some cute guys c if they're single n if ur confident bout that person then ask if he could be.
glad you survived! Turbulence is the worst! And, yes I think you've earned croissants and shopping :)
oh man I don't know when i'll be up for an all nighter like that haha we need to start earlier!
DJ Costa at Estate this weekend! Can't wait...
only like 20 minutes left of school though :)
We can hack the one-man-one-woman crap by matching gay guys to lesbians solely for passing on fed death benefits. Sham weddings! Cake! $$!
