honestly super super excited for one direction! only like 400 days lol
thats whats up but what you been up too havent talk too you or seen you in forever lol
hope you're doing well (:
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
RT "There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so" Shakespeare
San antonio
Oh snapped, my wife just found me on twitter!!!
Living the dream, acting and being a fireman at the same time. That's awesome.
So sore from the pt test sheesh
Dead tired
Well I guess i'm too old for the traditional easter egg hunt..i'm 16 not 36.I wanna find some eggs!!!
Best of Bacon #9: Bacon, Tomato, Radish bites
This Friday is opening day for the at Miller Park! Are you going? Who are you excited to see play this season?
RT “: What's the difference between walking up the street and down the street? What If I'm walking along side it? #deepthought"
what's the word Laurent?
Dont be afraid of what can get you high..<3 <3PINK<3
It's good for the party that Michele and Marcus will no longer be in the news :-)
IMPACT Milwaukee: If you want to soar like an eagle...quit hanging with crows!
I wanna kiss, lick, suck on your nipples.
I spilled my coffee. This nearly brought me to tears until I remembered that coffee is actually good for keyboards.
What can wash away your sins? What can make you hold again? I’m glad you asked… nothing but BLOOD OF JESUS. Be Encouraged!
Nobody could mis that BODY!!!!
of coarse he cant.. I knew this would happen.
30+ years strong! K&M Camera has got you covered! RT RT RT
Top 5 all time! Successful with 1 pitch in the juiced ball, juiced players era.
You're so damn relentless..
“: What God spoke to you on your knees he will reveal to you while moving your feet.”
Preach, ha ha RT : I'll rather Lose to da THUNDER by 30 than lose to da Pacers at Home...hahahahaha
Ability is what you're capable of doing.....Motivation determines what you do....Attituide determines how well you do it.....Lou Holtz
Have to learn more about it, but at first glace more engaging than old interface. Ups the game for marketers
is having a rough afternoon..... sigh. I need to have some fun this weekend. Any thoughts?
Just used radiant heating in place of steam on a project. Thank you for the follow.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. ~David Frost
Slowly fading away over a stack of books at Raynor Library...I could really use a juice box right about now
lmao tell us how u really feel ?! Shit lmao
Getting back into a workout routine. Had a good gym sesh this morning. Just gotta work on eating healthy!!
ya ik but they are going to be in L.A. im going to be in san francisco :(
I wish Austin had a trader joes!
Because we're talking about a specific demographic in Milwaukee with a huge unemployment rate
Euro pane is the best. They have my favorite kale salad in the universe.
Thank you, hugs from me and Gigi! RT : Happy Mothers Day to you awesome ladies!
Haven't been on this in a while. Dang, how is everyone doing? Haha. :D
That's a good thing! Enjoy the beach and see you next weekend.
Green tagged items at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents each! Today and tomorrow!! Happy Easter!!!
Approx 1 hr until tip off...for all my #Hoosier friends and fans, you deserve this! Let's go #IU!
no, lol we're cool
this sucks Shany :(( I'm gonna cry
Im on my ballin each and everyday. Asian girls everywhere. UCLA!
Romney talks a good talk. How does he walk??? Time will tell as he attempts to move to the center!!!
Feeling sleepy!
AGT was solid, buccos won, not bad for a Monday night.
hey librarians, and others, whats #libday8? i feel behind the times.
Warm weather headed our way in #Boston, AM shower tomorrow! Hello March! :)
Mom is really really sick!!! i hope she is ok!!!
it's Pentecost. Toussaint is still comparatively a youngster.
Started sound editorial on at ! Oh, so crazy!
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
shut the hell up. god , imma slap disss women i swear
that said, I'm also worried he's over-hyped... But I adore Michael Matz
It is hot as hec out here
HUGE thanks to and Brandon LittleJon for the gear you provided to me at this years Sundance Film Festival!
dr. Pepper
The suspense is killing me! Did you get the cut? Or do you want to upgrade to a salon that won't change your appt time? ;)
Dumb girls pretending they're clever always is RT : this is painful.
Not fair. Bolden would be shredding UM's d. He's shred any D if he had this running game every Saturday.
Just weeks away from changing the game!
I KNOW HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON KEWL DUDE! ;)
stupid crap like this is not helpful. Makes us as bad the they are!
OK, thanks for clarity. My mom had Alzheimer's--IT WAS THE GREATEST GIFT OF MY!
doesn't give credit when it comes to bobbleheads
Woman's day, Wasn't it just Valentines day? What next in 2 weeks? A non issue if women actually recognized men a lil more
; i better get a  tonight lmao
A landing page is not mean to capture every bite of information of a person. It is a lead, not a registration or sale.
it's not a mistake if you learned from it. (:
He & ancient Israelite sources missed studies on gender & culture. Two-spirits don't count.
RT This RT : I think I like the fake Tracy Morgan's tweets better than real Tracy Morgan's tweets. // lol
Can we turn STEM into STEAM? A = Art. Yes please!
7411: I love your icon it reminds me of what Austin did and your bio is so sweet #Mahomies we should talk some time {anytime}
idc about your guyses game i want to play you one on one
Just got done practicing.
How sweet. Love these. RT : penfield high... Mr Shay. He was the real deal in my opinion.
Heyy there, just stopped by to sag I love you;) You're my inspiration to follow my dream <3 Follow me.? :)
Merry Christmas everybody!!! Remember the reason for the season!!!
RT : Our new 2-song single "NEW LOVE" will be available this Monday (V-Day!) @ www.parachutemusical.com ..there will be a...
Where's the sun at?
I wish I hadda gotten that pussy
Aren't some of the complaints about the film's 48-frames-per-second rate?
stay strong like Demi
Me ! ask him to follow me :)
"How I Roll" by the one and only - the Femme Fatale album and concert this year were epic!!
My heart is broken.
OK, why am Frigg am i still awake? GUESS ITS NITEY NITE THEN !!
wonderful news. and intriguing prospectus, too!
well Im happy for u that u contract is over wit probably means a little less stress for ya
I say someone should throw them out of a moving car on I-65. Free Enes!
Agile Oracle Application Express |Free All Library
Congrats man! welcome to Billsnation! #BillsMafia are behind you man!
No they're not sorry :( try a&g bakery hollaaaaaaaaa
One day rise to interigate the holy ghost
I'd like to get some back-issues on sale that I missed..can I just come by to shipping and pay on the spot? DM me please..
Summer Hours for #HRHappyHour is 1st Thursday of each month June/July/August - cool beans! Enjoy some much needed time off
Okay ! you'll have more followers I promise you !
Jaylon Jones gets basket in the lane for Lakes. Jones has played hard inside tonight. Seven Lakes leads Hightower 45-38 with 6:20 left.
I'd like to point out that I stayed at my desk during the tornado warning today.
. Always wonderful to connect with students!
Big UPS to and for equally ridiculous sets last night. Think I pulled somethin dancing
I cant stand when I put on lipgloss and its windy and my hair just keeps on sticking to my lips!! STUPID!
I've barely seen any tweets about prom.
Congratulation to the Boston Bruins for winning the Stanley Cup! Go #Bruins!
Front row seats for Wango Tango!! Justins the guest host😝
Hit Park Ave today and do some shopping with ur #RYPDiscountCard, stop by for 20% off and 10%-20% off as well!
Dirty sl throwing up in class. Right
So hungry
My puppy hates techno music and she watches TV. She thinks NO means PLAY. To her, human is a better toy than toys. WTF!?
Happy Birthday drinks & such when you're back! I have a diamond awards type speech prepared! :)
Just saw one black squirrel on the White House lawn.
don't get the taste slapped out ya mouth
have an Idea for fixing the oil spill in the gulf. Do you have an email I can send it to ?
Save money on home and car insurance by combining them via our Seattle insurance agents. 877-783-0034 /
Great questions. That's exactly why I asked.
thank you!!
Back on my bike trainer a week and a half after knee surgery :-)
RT : Interesting article re: Alcohol sponsorship in Ireland. U.S is a very lucrative market - Following you...
Hope you had a great first day, :) Miss you! When can we celebrate it?
I just had breakfast tacos, so I'd say breakfast lasagne is acceptable.
what an amazing voice - never suspected that was going to happen!
please tell me u will B watching Dr. Drew Wednesday. DEBARGE family! He's going 2extend help 2 them. God bless this family.
What would possess a grown man to Defecate in a public restroom while not wearing Shoes?
So is it 21 and older?
If people could read my thought bubbles like I was a comic strip, I would get beaten up often.
Launch date to be announced on soon.........Mad daily deals coming ur way
Short days and bitter cold weather set the perfect stage for long hours of undisturbed creativity.
But not Appalachia. How much did she shoot there? Do you have links?
When Crain comes back, that helps a lot. More than one might think
I did get a new pair! But didn't wear them today. @
Over 430 followers?! Wow! Thanks! Keep spreading the word about Cooper Point. I see big things ahead for these awesome guys!
: Heading to #vmworld to run the #HOL. In flight peanuts rock! <--on my first flight, too. See you there. Lab10 rocks!
Guys + Hoes = drama
no I m pretty sure they are and I saw it on Deadliest Warrior
"Something is wrong with this book. It's printed backwards."
TPI Provides Progress Updates on its GMOL Flagship Product
I can't get the Coach link to work either. A little help?
I seriously Just Lol'd hahahahhahaha
Ali Vegas is under rated
Yes! Mine just emerged from the tubes pink-cheeked, sweaty hair stuck to his head.
I will come philosophize on your test for you. You just have to be willing to take the grade I get for you.
Being sexually frustrated is a bitch.
RT Talk is cheap. Actions speak much louder : : Love is an action not a word. Don't say it, just do it.
Hahaha Jordan Kicks Going Live!!!!!
Young Money, the Mafia
Waiting 4 #sapphirenow to show #HANA #inmemory #Analytics performance that can come close to and waiting... and waiting...
Going out and letting off some steam
Hi ho hi ho off to film I go...
thanks for the link, very cool journal format.
Thx for the laugh! In that case, maybe the microphone should smell like fear...
It's the music. They play great music at the Summits; really make it a party.
Ugh.. you're darn right. if I wasn't such a distracted driver I would get so bored
Tell everyone around you about the large car accident (*wink-*wink) on the road, it cleared up only as we got to school.
'When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.'
registering for classes is way too stressful but I got everything I wanted.
Such a good mood. Even early morn emails were all good news.
My pleasure! Great to finally meet you guys!
love the look of the redesigned website!
Is anyone interested in me starting up Band/Artist of the Week again? Maybe Sunday? me if you want me to! :) It's been on hiatus.
So in what ways are they trying?
ha, excellent. yours looks very familiar, McFly.
I'm looking forward to Letterman's top 10 tonight!!!
Sitting in #crj104 taking notes on chapter 1! Fun times
These teachers are insane thinking I'm gonna do work in EVERY class.
We appreciate you!
When a guy is kissing my neck,
Bitchs run they mouth like a new engine when they think you wont find out
Don’t change so someone will like you. Be yourself; the right people will like and love the real you.
Thanks to all who came out last night! And a special thanks to those who stayed afterwards to do the Cupid Shuffle with us!! So much fun!
Quality of writing is a major issue. JOP editor cannot edit manuscripts.
#biketowork idea MT : Teens can ride BIG Red Bike.....get together w/friends, put your playlist together and we'll hit the town
please follow me!<3
80 towns & cities saying Yes! We make time! Join in Be your town's appointmentlink
Merry Christmas and have a Happy Holiday <3 Kellie
This #CAPS OT is killing me!!
planet krypton.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Seeing Nikki Lane and Spiritualized at Emo's East with
I'm getting better at typing a gut response in social media. Rereading it then deleting. #That'sMaturity. Now to do that with work emails.
Jack white has an all chick band omg omg omg omg
HEY BOY HEY
RT :Plato's voice from 300+BC: “The penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men”
I bought my ticket like last week for tn :)
That means a lot! Thanks!
#sea In a fire who would you save, a sibling or five strangers?
10 minute break while jude reads a brief
im most defiantly going to do that. Ugh I thought she was like a really big Belieber???
And at low risk/cost, obviously.
Dang dude. You haven't tweeted anything since October. Get on it bro!
Ditto! :) RT : I saw so many #spacetweeps I recognize but was working yesterday, so I couldn't stop long enough to say hi.
I know I'm talented. You don't need to say aloud, but I accept the compliment. Ha!
Or the other... #pbrme RT : Oh man! I have to find my shamrock earring! Every year I have to look for one
oh RT From LINsanity to MELOdrama.
hahaha how much was it?
I love Taylor Swift. Shes amazing 😄
Joy Division is an interesting muzak choice for 7:45 a.m. in the restaurant at the Marriott.
I might ACTUALLY send flowers tmrw for making this the best Thurs night EVER! is amazeballs in
OMG!!!! DID REV. JACKSON JUST ASK TO TALK MORE!!!!! lollolol
LOL hey eddie are you too busy rearranging your cheap-o tshirts to approve my comment on your...
where are you going to start working at?
Watching this clippers vs thunders game
my father looked at all my tweets yesterday and said "I don't know who the bigger failure is- you, me or god."
We'll go with you :)
TY for the story tip!
Somebody go follow my sisters They follow back!!
#UNCA Good God these refs are giving this game to
The Indiana Historical Society is super awesome! Did some work there today and will be interviewing at Staples at 4pm!
I feel ya sister. This weekend kicked my butt! LPAC tomorrow for some detox?
it snowed on my 6 mile mt rainier hike. So magical. Dallas is le suck.
how scary!
I'm not so hard to accommodate just get it through or get on your way
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 Wear mid top air forces
tickets still available but hoping it will sell out.
getting bored because you like them that much. ♥
yay Dragonbreath!!! Love Ursula, she's a good lady.
Good article, advice. : "Are You Ready To Win? It’s Time For CLASS." bit.ly/mlDbZ9
I feel like I'm in Chav land at Alton towers 😁 ...
Finally home
JUNE 16TH BABY! <3 SEE YOU THERE
Nephew is here but are we at dinner? Nope. He found a computer. Now we will never leave. sigh
cool for you haha
don't blink
im up for any of those options!
In Sisters, OR. I have never been so happy to see a gas station.
wish I had heard DB's deep mapping description! Need to see the slides.
I feel like Koei is just getting lazy sometimes. I really felt that way with DW6 definitely the worst of the franchise. However it
Walking on sunshine
PACMapper placed 2nd in #SWMadison. Live version soon, providing market intelligence to post-acute care providers across the nation!
Ik I was like yeah yor retarded
Government interference with the pricing system distorts the accuracy of vital information, increasing the mistakes of market participants.
Movie recommendation is Irene Cara in "Sparkle"
you also didn't pick Mark did you?
wow.. I'm amazed
Deck drinking on this beautiful hump day. whose with me?
#FRC needs some additional iconic supporters like William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Richard Dean Anderson, and Patrick Stewart. It'd be legit.
cris wilson is setting next to me he should get on twitter.
true. You living sis?
well i still think its gross. where do you live?
This is where we come in... Fundraising is the engine that runs any successful nonprofit.
the connection to the modem is horrible. have we send out any tech to check the signal?
<33 so I was making fun of you about ya know.. Matching everything.. Well I found a a few pictures JUST like you and Emily..
It's true what they say: music can alter moods and talk to you.
you should go for it!
plus often a social circle of dojo rats to lend encouragement, friendship and maybe even a little helpful intimidation.
Want a $50 gift card? Book your holiday party with us and get a $50 gift card to use at a later date!
haha, return the shine
in honor of our single being released in 4 days... we want to know some of your
": Babe... U remember that one night a couple months back??? #sorryimlate" love it ha!
Reading at the right moment ": No regrets and no anticipation, just this moment fresh and as is. #SpiritualSolutions”
Texting my twin about how I miss her. My first summer without her. :(
Having the Glo-Mo (short for Gloria Estaban Mojito)
no matter who wins this election, times will still be hard. how will you survive....peewaddy.com
Meeting my cousins wife(: Im jelly of her blue eyes.
Never liked Terry Gross. Story Corps is cool but uncompelling. #PlanetMoney is butter. pure, amazing butter, with awesome-sauce.
I love you, you little yogi!
Everyone is going to today #jealous. Dumb competitions.
lmao i had no idea bob marley made the cops song(bad boys)
Pretty fun! Been riding back and forth to work. May be back in for the fenders!
Nope but my boss played one on us, telling us we had Mon. off :(
Cdot spokesperson says cdot was "seriously bummed" that pacing strategy did not work on Sunday for
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA (Limit 1 $3 Schooner only, NO GROWLER FILL on 120) let's spread the love
Irene packs less punch than expected. Those who prepare well and in advance for disasters will be more confident. It's cool to BE PREPARED!
I agree. Incremental growth is not near enough today!
Welcome back!
Thanks for the tip! Can't go wrong with Rev Soup. Know any place that also serves fries?
#10FactsAboutMe 9.) im a dreamer! when i dream i dream big!
I'm going to two auditions today and then I'm really excited to see tonight <3 (:
Looking to form volunteer #Tornado Warning Assessment Group in #Madison WI. Analyze current process advice changes. Contacts?
Glad to hear it! Hope they were both exceptional.
Having a man with NO job and NO car who is over 18 years old should be a automatic NO. Get your priorities straight.
How oh HOW can he fit Grenis in there? The world may never know...
thks Jacob. Keep supporting comedy
What's with all these good lookin white girls dating black guys....
We just passed 1,000 followers. Thanks and all our other supporters.
found out who you were with the song sance(ass)
YES RT : We saw mobile marketing and stopped into #smallbizchat. We make Philadelphia area's best cheesesteaks!
Perfect night. Knicks 10 units won and Toronto 3 units Won. YEAAAAHHHH! The last few days have simply been amazing. Let's enjoy the ride.
Looking to buy, or sell, a home in Albuquerque? albuq-realestate.com
Bought Groupon for NM Magazine. Was so excited. When I went to redeem, my code didn't work. (1/6)
Thank you to all who joined the livestream! I will definitely do another one soon. I loved talking to you lovely fans! :D
10 minutes could change your life forever-it did for Cameron Foster.
Wat should I do today?
Pacers training camp starts today!
Get healthy soon bro RT I guess you guys already heard to news. Surgery went well, thanks to you all for your support, can't wai
up at 245a, in the studio by 330a, test show, repeat for thursday. but guess what? i'll never bitch about it!
I'm still laughing about that car ride
The rest of my Tuesday WILL be better.
just hours from flying home...Chicago here I come!
love the quote on your myspace about "Devote yourself to finding peace inside yourself and not in the outer world
I wonder NBCSports will pre-empt the #Rangers vs #Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
have you guys met or Dublin mates ? Maybe they could get involved :)
Honestly this is the worst class ever.
I made it sound like Finding Nemo lol! Did you notice?
Just fell of her chair cuz a. Preview we was in lmfao. I hurted my arm -_-...
Workout by J. Cole = CATCHY Song
Work hard now to chill later
I kind of feel like Heidi secretly hates her dress.
How the hell did you not see that tripping
I was suspicious about the article claiming meals become less and less healthy over the course of the day, but now I'm eating M&Ms.
wish I could be there but I have my memories of St. Louis 11-10-08 :)
I was trying to write the word "goggle" and it took me four tries. Dang it google
*Sighs* I know how you feel, I feel the exact same way...
Watched a repeat of Good Luck Charlie... and realized how much I love and her TV family... <3
u excited, early Happy Birthday
Field trip tomorrow means I've earned the night off tonight, right? Wrong - grading, grading, grading. . . .
I do not recommend drinking several cups of coffee before a sales power hour.
DcAssault 15s + 16s win big shots tournament at capitol sports complex
when people cry about autocorrect<<< you can turn that off, you know?
“: Riding the waves, if all goes well #NOLA I'll see ya son! #Blessed!” 😳😳😳
Friday!! Friday!! Gotta get down on Friday!! Everybody's looking foward to
Exhausted but feels good :)
Happy birthday!!
I may have integrated Facebook behavior more than I thought - I keep trying to hit a "like" button on some of the tweets I see!
no eMusic in our future. Sorry.
just wait. will RT this...lol
i cld read ur mind lol, but soon i got u
It's OK, I've recently gotten into needlepointing.
busy busy busy :) hope your day was great!
Just tapped, Hoptimum Imperial IPA (replaces Fishtale Organic Stout) $10 growler no limit, $3 pints
#Np Higher - J. Cole
Time to start the day! Got lots to do!! :O
Born To Be Somebody♥:3
I WISH I WENT TO ROYALE LAST NIGHT!!! man, can't believe I missed the best DJ from the UK...
love that answer!!
Get in my TARDIS and let's play Doctor.
it's only 7:45 pm here, so dinner sounds good, gonna have fresh veggies (tomatoes, cucumbers, edamame, carrots) and dip to start
Idk the rest. They just happen
You don't really need me to explain that, do you?
If Augusta National does not relax their membership requirements after this, then they never will.
and service is slow!
I mean I know it's gotta be frustrating playing the the hottest team in hockey but take it like a man. While we straight rape you.
Probably teens and adults you never know. I haven't found the T9-14 & T12-17 But I heard disney beat nick
did you know Nicole Scherzinger of the Pussycat Dolls was on Days of the New's 2nd album before she was famous? Shocked me.
It might be a bit too high-level -- not so much on the basics, more about doing really good presos.
I'm tryna pull a all niter...can I do it....hell naw
Joley Fisher would get it!
Another Cajun #supperclub this Saturday! Or June #supperclubs we're doing a French menu progression of Escoffier to Michel Bras.
Lol @ hookahs being sold at dollar stores.
I HATE KENNY MORE THAN I HATE CAT
Boom RT : "Free Sean Payton"? From what, his ego?
will you talk more about that tonight & explain what the next steps are?
Natalia is a fave bc her "Chess Kama Sutra" ousted #ChessBitch for *best* chessbook title. Can't wait to comment WCh w. her!
thanks to John McKnight for an abundant conversation in Pittsburgh today
sent u a text about studio space
I will not miss this LA traffic
Lovely day
Agreed! If there was a plentiful supply of Titanium Oxide2make pollution cleaning roof tiles it'd be cool. But there's not!
what pulls a new song or poem out of you curious to know !
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got an URBAN CHAT
heard a comedian do a whole routine about that! "oh look - she fell down -> bless her heart!" "oh - you failed 3rd grade again
Watched Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy today. It was good but I actually found it a bit tough to follow. Maybe I was just too tired...
Ah fuck that was almost very bad
The Chairman is being arrested on Hawaii Five-O!
Last night was by far the hardest sleep I've had in a while. Waking up from it was devastating.
Last show I was at I was the main audience target. Now I'm at the Casbah ready for more.
We just planned a larger group vacation over Google Hangout and Facebook group. I love technology.
I'm not passive-aggressive. I'm aggressive.
Keeping my fingers crossed that my luggage makes it to Atlanta! Was über late for my flight so I'm not so sure they will. Sigh.
Gotta admit, "The Dictator" looks pretty freaking funny.
#uwm Figureheads, hot dogs & refreshments relocated to UN second floor WI room!
is rocking the Iowa Google Media Hub Hangout in Iowa. Who do I know in Des Moines?
Found you fool now we are connected.Sweet!See you tomarrow ,today.Ha.
welcome to urbantag! We're excited to have you.
occasional weekend event trumps snow coverage!
#HappyNewYear to all of our Twitter friends!
If I get one more "gift" from Goodwill, I'm going to puke.
is (fine as heaven) Follow her
not yet! Hopefully tomorrow
Restaurant Refrigeration Air-conditioning Services 617-792-3350 Boston & Suburbs
Stalin Notebooks Reflective of History or Political Propaganda - notebooks for school
Imagine emotion that moves like the ocean.
tabi Bonney x Yasiin Bey Chop Chop?!? ...I like it. Can't wait for Thursday though.
Hells kitchen show just announced! July 14th w/ arpeggiator, sons, and whose ox is gored 8pm 21+ ..come hang out with us!!!!!
"Someone said to me "you're too pretty to be single" I said "no, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
Sick of cold Fall days? Grab a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee at McDs! ^Eugene, PDX area only
Vince Vaughn, why would you break up with Jennifer Aniston in "The Breakup?" Or in real life...
well I like my job, there's just not much happening
chicken alfredo.... without the chicken.
Glazed ceramic tile provide an easy-to-clean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls.
Before employment, all our #caregivers are background checked & certified by
You have toned down the raw sex and violence so much, I am wondering if True Blood is worth watching anymore.
aries spears is pretty good too
Ill never see the appeal of watching cars drive around and make left turns for hours.
you might be correct. I think he's making some headway
Juke is oh-so-bluesy tonight!!
not a joke...
im Eating your cereal Fruity pebbles so call me a froot loop to lol
Nice snatch, Gameltoe.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. -Kahlil Gibran
Pass the word around, we open in two weeks...only 4 shows. So get your tix soon. www.theatrecompany.biz
Every time I see a certain trailer for some dance-team movie I am reminded of the South Park episode where the kids "just got served".
or ... poor fake-snake material. :)
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
i wish things never went wrong
Make it nasty , make it nasty *twerks* .
is it me or is Stan Van Gundy a hybrid of ron jeremy and jon lovitz?
I'm not changing your opinion, I respect it. But, you do not KNOW HER.
I'm addicted to peppermint shakes. And it only took one.
Really? they were only 6 seconds from advancing
Most inspiring to see people (via the web) rise up and protest #SOPA & #PIPA - the 2 Internet censorship bills pending in US Congress.
trill life
I am playing Friday night and I am playing with Saturday night! Come by and we can drink shots!
#cody do you like rap? random :D
Only a few of em' cool
I hope everyone is having a great holiday season. Be sure to check out the Plaza lights if you live in KC.
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him... -Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading
Back in Florida from D.Cand virgina
The Union Gospel Mission needs blankets and socks to keep an extra 60 ppl warm tonight. Drop some off if u can help!
ah..Friday :)
LOL!!! RT: : Fingers crossed that Madonna does "Another Suitcase In Another Hall"
Hey everyone. Thanks for such an amazing year. We'll NEVER forget it. #happynewyear from all of us. See you in 2012. :D
Thank god for 5 more minutes
If you fork out almost $2,000 a year on a website, don't you think that you should be able to say whatever you want on it?
follow back so I can. Lol
She wonders if you ever stop to think, "man, I miss her.
: Not saying you're wrong about DRM, by the way. Just that there's a reason it exists, and it has nothing to do with greed.
Home from an amazing kick-ass Dungeons and Dragons session. Everything I had hoped for worked out the way I wanted to and everyone had fun!
more like trying to get a hit swinging a toothpick
Bieber time on The Voice ♥
Sadly yes.
the wife and I are off to Costco...VERY exciting.
Hot ham n cheese is dank.
Going tomorrow so it doesn't run into Mother's Day weekend! Was mindful of that. Lemme know what u think after u see it.
New job starts today. Digging the new office already.
If you will give to Thor Hansen Fund the easiest way is to transfer to PokerStars nick "Fropsy". Thanks a lot!
For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many. Mark 10:45
Haters hate because I have what they want <3
Ha. No. It's #2 on my 42 favorite things I'm eating and drinking this week. 40 more to go!
Yeah, that was totally random. I'll probably be the first person in line to buy it, though :) Ahh, nostalgia.
lol I gotta come visit or get a film project there :) I miss it a lot but I love my Charlotte area
OMG this day is FINALLY OVER! :D Going out for cocktails. :)
Goodnight everyone. Look forward to next time
Thanks everyone for a great chat to end the week. And: RT : Thanks to our moderator
Hey boo, we should 301 to my hotel room. I would repoint my nameservers for you.
I'm obsessed with my work, I care about every line of code and every pixel. Please don't show me or attempt to involve me in subpar work. ♥
Lent, and idk just don't need it.
I just realized that I find myself on the bad part of the Internet do often because the Internet is bad.
I Aint Drink Kool-Aid In A Minute.
Wut the Blip is 67 doing ??????
if its about Devon and megan I already know ahhaha
First it was snow and now all it does is rain now....when are we going to have sun????
I want to see an improvement of the team for next year Darcy needs to move pieces today or else
Stop trying to make people feel bad for you.
hunters here come over
doesn't look like Narv-dog got the memo
Go go go go go! that frozen mojito is waiting there, melting.....
Less than one hour until the Summer of Love comes to Nutter Center at WGI regional in Dayton! Peace, love, and Pride!
twitter > any class work
Now is time to push accelerator, plow through genetic disorders for which the genetic basis is not yet known - Dr. Green,
yeah i wanna noe what its about?
That awkward moment lol RT damn my grades aren't as good as i thought -___-
Nice Joey...
Way to rock that front row, Colleen!
Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own.~Elain Maxwell
we r going after school
That awkward moment when you realize you’re walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending u forgot something.
Chilling! Hum wat do I wana do?
seriously! Thank god its over.. Time for meh-he-co 🎉☀💃
Like #Health & #Fitness? Visit Operation Fitness this SAT May 12! Get a #FREE #MASSAGES from
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward - Sabrina Renee
OMG LOOK! my middle finger loves you! :)
Darn you, bite sized peanut butter cups!
Annual helicopter dropped eggs in my neighborhood! ;-) HAPPY EASTER!!!!
Text VEVO to 67463 to RSVP for the show =)
Really not looking forward to school 👎
hahaha that's amazing and, I'd imagine, horrifyingly uncomfortable.
If you wanna look like THE biggest douche bag in the MLB right now, be my guest.
shows that it is ok to ask for help! Thanks for the inspirational story!
cheers man - killer brand you've got there!
Just rocked a 108 point word on Words with Friends #egghead lol.. where u at??? Lol..
RT - Idk who is worse the jacksonville jaguars or the Boston red sox! Haha. Go yankees!
good afternoon austin! :D how are you? :D it's friday you know what that means?!(; USTREAM!!
Yay, you're there! I'm stuck in a meeting all day so couldn't get there. Go !
By Jocelyn Vena Sure, Rihanna is currently getting her action star on in “Battleship,” which opens May 18 stateside, but
Check out Talk Timbers tonight at 6pm on 750AM The Game. says this installment will be a tremendous show!
It's crazy how your day can go from completely amazing to extremely suckish in just an hour... 😰😥😓😖😢😱😲
You may want to ask him. He loves to tell me NO. Sometimes, I don't even ask a question &I get -NO.
so glad things are back to normal
i re-need them kobes omg lol
<3 ah we're finally done with school life is good! <3
Ha ha... i'm gonna get him!! ;-) RT : Weather folks picking on #facepalm. Not nice y'all.
I like the new Brooklyn Nets logo
About to watch Breaking Dawn with my brothers. Their idea, haha.
Today is #Art Thursday!! Look out for news about art and the arts throughout the day.
Good morning tweeps!! Have a productive day full of positivity!
• I see a fair amount of minor leaguers with protected accounts, they almost always grant my 'follow' request, so why not?
Help the #homeless! Just don't feed the animals. RT : looking for couches to sleep on...
little bit windy up here witch is helping dry everything out. Have a good day
Were tasting our way through 3 hot restaurants in RB in 1 night!
Teach him to do his own laundry when he turns 11
Fell asleep during "30 Rock". Pretty much sums up the week I've had. Exhausting.
Said it before, will say it again (inevitably): Blue Ribbon Panel. It's time.
Yesterday is gone tomorrow is not promised realize what you have today cause It might be taken away in the blink of an eye
Lastnights band practice was 10x better than fridays. Got a new song done. three more in the works. coudlnt ask for more
Yeah! RT : How many seasons is "Community" coming back for? May we suggest six of them plus a movie?
Started my morning in the lake. A bit choppy but all in all a good swim. My blueseventy suit wetsuit - top notch.
5 more hours damn.. I'm so sleepy
we will! but first we need the supplies!
Here we go!
Miss You Too :(
How to address cover letters is one of the more anxiety-producing things for me. Thanks for the insight!
I'm pretty sure that's grammatically incorrect. RT: Critz: "I've learned how to talk to a TV much better than I did before."
Current status: eschewing carbohydrates.
that's what I said ☺
Need it, Want it, Gotta have……A Shower :)
apparently its peach licker
Where have you been all my life
I'm told 1 more week of this boring process, and then over. God hospitals are so down. Ha ha .... Love to my followers
Quote of the Day: Attitude is the librarian of our past, the speaker of our present & the prophet of our future.....John Maxwell
you dont know what that means?
A Thousand Years<3
Wish you would make an effort to talk to me :(
im back in action!
Looking for a PR person with 5-8 yrs experience looking 2 network and the poss. of part-time work in Seattle? Email .
got it, can't wait!
“: LOLLAPALOOZA 2012 HEADLINERS: METALLICA - BEYONCE - RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS - THE KILLERS - BECK - SONIC YOUTH" Ew.
I'm so happy for who starts a new job next week. An exciting new chapter for us.
I do it, i do it, and can't nobody stop me, Young CEO, mean that can't nobody top me. Lol, I does this.
Contador and Sammy Sanchez ride away from everyone tomorrow? An evil plan...
im just tryna give you light, they just tryna leave you blind.
my 8000tweet here you go Nicolas:)I'm glad I'm meeting Korina&I love ya!Sorry for not catching you when you fell :) hehe
How will you be celebrating the great holiday of Milwaukee Day this Saturday, 4/14, Dan?
Libra Life
You're more than welcome. We're always stronger working together. Muah!
Had 2 follow This is one of the funniest pages on facebook. I wanted 2 see u in my TL too!!!!!
I bailed to work on class stuff. :/
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
Yea it's hot. The Saints are playing and you folks like 2 things. Da Saints and cold cheap beer. So get your ass in here by kick off.
In-and-out becoming more of in and wait 25 minutes for order lately
I will marry a man with tattoos. #SoSexxxxy :)
"A friend is a gift you give yourself."
next Sunday.. u think ur gonna be able to make it???
just found the site and loving it. looking for #autism info
MT : Thank you #OnRamp for an amazing event! Great group of startups!
Thank You! :D
Have a fun weekend!
thanks buddy! Wish you could have made the show, but we'll be back soon... i'm sure of it
The guy who made the "Kony" video got arrested for public masturbation. First he exposes the plight of the children,now he exposes himself.
So love watching Larry Bird getting one more shot for a ring, even if it's as an exec
I hate when people ask why. I don't owe you no excuse..
Life is not always rosy, but there are always roses.
oh no! I would offer to help if I was around. Sorry :(
happy new year everyone!!
Directing Jena... Is she gonna b good? Of course she will...
- who REALLY cares ? Who in their right mind ?
So tired. I thought sleeping was important...if it was school wouldn't start till noon or something. Gonna be a #greatday. Maybe.
graveyard double feature tonite at 4AM. ANIMAL HOUSE + AUSTIN POWERS. movies & mai tais. only at Frankie's Tiki Room.
Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Clooney just went back into the ship. Sorry for live tweeting this inane experience, guys. Just hafta get it out!
Getting ready for an exciting weeks end at the Capital Jazz festival in Baltimore, MD!
Today from 3-5 Ann Benoit will be at the Healing Center signing copies of the new Broussard's Restaurant and Courtyard Cookbook.
Watching the season finale of two and a half men.
Kid again so sorry for Easter. Am an Atheist but ur now God of my bullpen. I talk to tomorrow about CP spot
only the new ones are;p still, you'd hate or break whatever new phone you got;)
#SNL performance with was amazing
I agree but I think a majority of std's come from being nasty... And a majority of aids come from these undercover gay men
you and me both.
Thank you ;) What's your NY Resolution??
I'm heated Louisville lost but it's OK cuz my state is still in it
Don't worry, I ate the 4 lone Special Dark miniatures left in your dish
Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites #FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference! 152 Madison, after 10pm!
Hey, just seeing this. Congratulations! Hope you're celebrating like crazy.
hell yeah it would
i didnt understand californias dependence on mexican labor til I moved here and every apt i lived ins shower head is level w/ my shoulders.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ♥ 9
Heck yes, Android came out with Temple Run. ;D
you're a retard.
I those dreams
All that happiness. You just threw all that away because of some anon message...wow.
Exciting news coming around College Basketball! Stay Tuned.
First wedding of the year today! Watch tomorrow for an exclusive 24 hour bridal show wedding package sale!!
Quote of day on trolley. Woman on phone 'doctor said you can t get it by sitting next to me'
I still can't believe you follow me
's new diggs are impressive. Nice upgrade from the basement :D
Social Metrics 101: separate social strategy? We say no. Social should be part of overall org strategy. Social=tactical
lmfaoo got the dvd
awesome having u on the show please follow Me you were my favorite PR designer of the season! Yay! :)”
Now seriously Wake, what's it going to take to get you out into the bullpen today with Beckett starting...
Highly recommend Rainy Day Books near Kansas City. Great independent bookstore with friendly, helpful staff.
It's our pleasure. There's no better work than helping kids realize their dreams!
RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day! Whip up a batch of chocolate chip cookies today!
Let me know if you wanna go CMJ. If you know a writer, I'll try to get you two in. There are lots of writers in NY ;)
Good Morning!
I'm better off alone.
Wow, here comes another Teabow miracle...
I will perform that song! Thanks!
Bet the practice field all wet & extra muddy now
Just learned that the longest, continuously serving mosque in the US is in Davenport IA dating from early 1800s.
cant wait till may im getting ready to shoot my first music video aaaaaaugh im so excited :D !!!!!!!
Back in ATL. Running reports all day tomorrow.
Aye follow the homie !!! Work my leg movement! !!!!!
hahah okay:) am I gonna get the fahmilicious face tomorrow!
Watching amazing helicopter footage on BBC News 24 of fires started by rioters in Croydon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAPI !! I hope your day was fantgastic and I hope everything went good. Iloveyou and tell mama I sed iloveher too!
It's not right, but it's okay. I'm gonna make it anyway.
My dogs are soo happy that is it cooler outside so they can go walking again.
Well fine then be that way:|
AfroAmerican Doctor who graduated in Cuba and has been practicing for 6 years in Cuba. Wow.
Good Morning! :)
I hate when people say "your guys-es".
thanks Kevin carter and the guys at ramp for the baseball tix! Awesome!
USC Marching Band is killing it to start off the Festival! Let the games begin! Also, confession: glad they're not playing ALL day.
Gov 's unwillingness to extend Strickland's ban on exotic animals rivals his other dumbest decision:
My daughter dances balet foklorico!! Recital tomorrow!!
There's a fat man in a kilt getting on the train at Montrose. It's never the lookers who wear kilts in public (save for wooster)
Oh wow.. thanks so much for the generous shout out! We really appreciate it :) Happy Wednesday!
Wasn't Enron on that list?
ends up being $.60 per espresso. good deal. worth it. so good. just get one already. sheesh, i thought I WAS indecisive!!!
#TebowGotTradedFor a commemorative Obama t-shirt and a gift card to Best Buy.
Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
i see you sittin next to me. ;)
I don't like teachers telling me what to do but if I ask for help then do so other than that STFU.
but i'm probably your favorite ass : D haha
they text and email while they drive! This is crazy far!!
That moment when someone says they need to talk to me& it's important & will change my life,
Veggie slices ftw.
If this faggot doesn't gtf away from me I will stab him in the neck
#Punkd is one of my favorites!!
Go Team Fatty!
I just hope that at the end of it all, you'll still believe what I tell you
I'm a huge fan of yours since Goong! Hope you'll be able to read this.
me and raque will be there tonight working on our group project
I want some #Camicakes. Im turning into a big girl, with these late night cravings NOT
“: Listening to #DeathCabforCutie, getting ready to go mild tonight at the ” Hope you're having fun!
BOILLIN POT IS ALREADY ON TWITTER.
One of the royal wedding cake will be made of chocolate biscuits, which resembles the US "twinkie cake".
but you will at least be happy for them and for LA?
Picking up kids so we can make piano lessons. Waiting for the snow to start falling.
With my main squeeze tonight
Wow! Congrats I knew you were destined to do great things in the world! You're off the a great start.
“: The awkward moment when someone ugly says "I need my beauty sleep.", when in fact they need to hibernate.” HaHa
a day in Disneyland. So amazed by the customer experience provided by TECHNOLOGY!!
RT : o what do she have on?
should follow Girl changed into a Belieber because of Turn To You. She can't stop playing it. :)
Come visit me Friday at Silverado. ☺
Why do people wait to make decisions and send me tons of e-mails when I'm not in the office? Scared to be gone 3.5 days starting Friday!
u r
Seems like there is a lot of outrage that Kelsey Grammer won the GG. I agree Cranston deserved it, but Kelsey was amazing in Boss!
"Talk sense to a #fool and he calls you foolish." - Euripedes
Kudos on highest GPA award and highest New Member GPA at the Order of Omega Banquet!
♀Hurting people hurt people♀
Tyler! I think you should follow me. please?? that would make my life. just saying.
I love
he was playing for a crap team remember
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. ~ Nido Qubein
Taking the bus from DTLA to class in west Hollywood what an adventure!
No one wishes they were the #RedSox. No one.
Tonight, we gettin crunk!!! Huge show with Show starts at 10PM! see yall here
"The harder you work, the harder it is for you to surrender."- Vince Lombardi, speaking about persistence.
haha... sad thing is, mine is probably just as big! Can we say over-involved? lol jk
Happy birthday :)
please come back...one more year, we love you
Look, I know it's hard to hear, but we will not be including the same link with different wording in 3 different spots on the page. Stop it.
Editing photos listening to my son play System of a Down-Chop Suey on the drums...not right!
Thanks for the RTs. They are really helping!
awesome!!! Good luck, I'm sure you will do great!
I am creating a new background for my Twitter profile...should be up before 8 p.m. PST...just in time for "Chuck" [nerds unite!]
I pray Mother Khadijah is doing well and will recuperate quickly. Allah bless you and family, love you ALL!
new Glee episode on later eeep! thank god for dvr
Getting Ready For Dance rehearsals!(:
I thought my U Conn loving friend might be upset. Tomorrow, with the men's championship, we become comrades again. Go Irish.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on NY shoes
That's good to hear! Thanks for sharing!
#WeWontWork If You Talking Shot Behind My Back
! Its two of my favorite movies! I can't wait to see William Powells eyebrow...
Watched the outsiders with & It was one of the best movies ever! Stay gold Ponyboy! :)
Just chat one of them I hate raping twitter feeds -_-
he is doing them but not for everyone, he said just some people & the show should be cast by the weekend.
of course! pls use it 2 tell ur story!
Great Show Last Night With Flatfoot 56!!! Thanks to all of you that came out and had a great time!!
I wish you had had a more public and open discussion with Portlanders about the Beavers, and I wish you had done before now.
We have been focusing on a physical collection, however that is not what our communities want. Can we preserve & grow?
I grew my beard out for Kesha and all I got was this rash
Great to see that canines get some much needed TLC
Aw thx! #blushingalittle Good morning and you BETTER have a wonderful day too! Later...
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
Apparently my 84 year old grandma is dating an 86 year old guy she's dubbed a womanizer.
Squirrels keep chasing birds away from our squirrel-proof feeder. Is there a larger message hidden here?
Scary isn't it? “: #Celtics up 22. Feels like 42. But let's not forget this team is fully capable of blowing this lead.”
Whoa! put the gun down...slowly. That's like believng n god & swicthng to the devil. Why so extreme? At least try atheisim 1st.
is just like every other man .... Sad
1 hour drive and flight is delayed!
yes they do! That's why I love walking my kids to school.
Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL
If I don't get tickets for this tour I'm going to die. I just might spontaneously combust, Ohmygod I don't even want to think about it...
Bobby Brown - Every Little Hit (Megamix) HQ: via
My mind is like society's garbage bin, everybody that goes by stuffs something in my head.
#Verlander is trending worldwide :D
Push ur care, push ur burdens aside. Erase everything inside and leave just one thing on your mind.-suicide silence<3
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ~ Confucius
#welovegreyson because his hair<3 I absolutely LOVE Greyson's hair!! <33 it's amazing<3 I bet is fluffy [:
LOL RT : If I had $100 billion to spend, I'd either buy (A) comic books; or (B) Finland.
Busy days full of driving sometimes it's nice to kick back and
Yup. Put that up there with old-timey ringing phone ring tones.
I dunno-he hired an interior designer who owned an antique store. If u want 2 eat brkfst off a barn door, he's your guy.
I wish I was a little bit taller
#I think I'm pretty hilarious. & a nice looking beard doesn't hurt.
Is that a good movie?
Well I carry a bag, but sometimes I take a backpack. But yeah.
gathering new energies...
NU Tennis player Samantha Murray wins at in #Midland MI to make it into main draw
We're pumped too! Unfortunately your partner can't make it so we have sent out emails to try and fill his space!
For shame! I once dressed as David Byrne for Halloween back in junior high. Everyone thought I was a Blues Brother.
Being shallow is so imature & Ive grown so much. I dont care about the physical more than someones personality
my baby girl helped me twist my hair. 3hrs now time for me to rest
What should I cook to see the new trick?
Client Brian Bartes, author of Life Lessons, featured in IBPA electronic newsletter just released. Go Brian!
Honeslty, i just want this week to end :(
watching bridesmaids at work..did i really watch this with my mother?!
it's on my reading list. how about Ready Player One by Earnest Cline or Makers by ?
Do it, do it, do it!
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious. -Albert Schweitzer
Does anyone understand how HUGE it would be if the Pacers beat the Heat in the series? Possible Finals team out of the East
My horoscope: Your mood is upbeat; your activities are offbeat. You march to a different drummer playing at a pretty snappy tempo.
The eye of a master will do more work than both his hands. – Benjamin Franklin
RT : hm, maybe we can turn this into a party, who's up for a PNUTS & Beer Lunch - I'm buyin!!
We wish you the best and we hope you'll reach the goal/number you wish! Let us know how you did on the MCAT! We miss you all :)
I'm jealous NYC. Wish it was snowing here. Stupid rain.
Girl, get your tweeting on! Are you following me? :)
My main problem with #BBC America is that 90% of what's on are cooking shows where one person yells at another about how bad the food is.
lmao but i was smackin out their in davis for that little party day shit!
Voice =gone.
Thank you for the follow!
Hold the letter on which you want the accent on - a popup menu will appear allowing you to choose the accent.
i'd be scared to feed that crap to my cats, which are fed a high protien diet, makes me wish I could make a crunchy food 4 them
haha OMG. REALLY?
We'll all float on alright.
Feeling like garbage this morning
you watching that on abc?
Great career and internship advice from today. There're so many opportunities to take advantage of!
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend. ~ Edgar A. Guest
I started out so motivated and productive today. What happened? Oh ... Friday.
Woo! RT : Soiree Captains meeting tomorrow 4 o'clock ! its getting close! #dallassoiree count down.its #crunchtime 13days
he's not on the show anymore.
As I followed live brain surgery this morning from #mhbrain, reminded that tomorrow is #BrainTumorThursday & importance of spreading word
just a few days left... the 26th draws near!
It may just be better to love someone you can’t have than have someone you can’t love...*
can i get a retweet for my birthday?!
''Desserts are like mistresses. They are bad for you. So if you are having one, you might as well have two.'' - Alain Ducasse
I am liking the temps for this week #Pittsburgh. Even with all the supposed storms.
glad you are feelin the album, got a favorite track?
I just hate working on Saturday
Girl stop playin. Keep telling me no
Hey All! Our online responses are supposed to be 300 words each yes?
Six months, which is doable. Neither job is a perfect fit, but both are tempting. Must ponder this further.
No actually, thnx to a change in SD Co ordinances :) its growing quickly : Isn't that number a bit high? Every month?
If you want the grant, you must complete the app. Done!
anxiously awaiting 9pm can't come soon enough 👑
Site is back up!
Great to see your update re: plans for arts coverage. Will send you info on new interactive art experiences.
Get jealous, When comes to the ROC, they're bringing your faves,
being mad at #Geraldo is like being mad at the guy who seems reasonable in the klan
maybe he's just coming home that way?
omg thank you so much :) this is my first fanfic that people are reading so i am trying to make it good. :)
Austin's gonna be a little bit. The calendar will say 2012.
Once tried to change my cat's sleep schedule by keeping her awake all day. Didn't work but I was amused. Wear protective gear
BRIEFLY: April 21
Great show last night! Let's do it again. Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight, 9pm. Jason Cooper on drums/vocals.
so my day was horrible how was urs?(:
while you are celebrating I'll be reading War and Peace and in between reciting Bible verses. #
Seconding that. RT : There are many things I do not miss about the #mnleg. But I do miss Johnnie bread day!
Life moves pretty...you know the rest ;-)
keep hitting the gym hard bud. No one but you can limit your willingness to work hard.
Mero in the shop this weekend ' cant wait until tommorrw
I advise everyone to NEVER listen to the song Rock and Roll McDonalds...
My pleasure!
"Multipliers aren't geniuses, they create geniuses"
Whatever. El Corazon in Seattle tonight. Fuck you. Do it.
I am somehow now the owner of a pneumatic staple gun. Somewhere a government agency has failed.
i do believe God is love and forgives, but theres one sin that God doesnt forgive, blasphemy.
time for the annual CISSP renewal decision
Cal "Understand, following up on what we just did is not for everybody."
Clinging to a 2-1 lead, this is where Tortorella's system, which the #NYR have played all year, should pay off. NYR blocking shots, good D
Enjoys being the one to rain on the parade
So true. RT": NYC is always paradoxically beautiful after you've stepped away from it."
Pls let me know how Dark Shadows is. I heard they turned it into a comedy.
I bet Darron Thomas wishes he could change his mind and return to Eugene for his senior season.
Thanks for the follow Shari!
Sad to hear of the passing of Hal Goble, one of the founding board members of Belay and .
if you're there in about an hour I can!
mwahahah I did my research
get gonzo in the game!!
Last touched by Kobe. Refs, don't f*ck this up.
But Anita where's your new music? We need you :)
PS do you still need 1 more ST or are you set for now?
would love to read it! Thoughts on legal issues surrounding it? Illegal or creative? Agree lg event like world cup are targets
Let's go Av's!!
Yes they do!
Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!! TONIGHT feat ANVIL BITCH + 6 more bands, 5pm. $10. Plus jello wrestling at 10pm!! 304 south st! \m/
Flonase? iPhone? iPad? iPod? Kindle1? Kindle2? Device chargers? Money to buy me a gift from Oklahoma?
In case you havent noticed, christmas is coming...how about a mocha lounge gift certificate for that coffee lover in your life????
Man, I haven't been on here in a MINUTE! :p
"I'm saying that... I hope you'll be happy because you will always be the love of my life." Tom to Lynnette
Ben Curtis, Jason Dufner and get my nod for one of the most underrated groups to follow at
alright guys here it is finally MW3 tip of the day: wen trying to get kills with machine pistols use akimbo for dual fire next tip tomorrow
"And you get a technical. And you get a technical. And you get a technical.." RT : These refs got a little carried away
#RGIII for heisman...no other player is as important to their teams than he is
When you get a chance I would love to have a word with you I will DM you my contact info
You're you going to know its real when I stop giving a fuck !
The was the weirdest phone I've ever had O.o
Looking for a few vendor partners for EHR. Please call 913-859-0177
Hey twerps! This Wednesday July 27th we play at El Cid (4212 Sunset Blvd). Show starts at 8pm, we go on at 11pm. Oh yeah, and it's free!
lol you still have your humor. that's a good thing Drew.i know you have alot of requests but can you follow me
i sure hope so!
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
Beautiful snow.
Dont let fear stop you from experiencing all forma of life
Finn goes out of his way to cause problems.
RT Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas!
Feel weird being only 1 on my phone in session, but I love conference twitter chatter!
I didn't see my salad today../:
why does something weird always happen the night before the grammys
LOL yes it does RT : but it must be smelling bad
i feel bad for Justin and Selena she even deleted her Instagram! Cause all the hate she gets:/
I'd hit it lol
“: Because NY needs religion?” Nope NY just needs Jesus.
I'm back and yes dope is my new word
we love acting, dancing, modeling and drawing but we especially love o simply o webshow
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
setting up EPK stuff soon
lol oh girl he knows the peacock song! and excuse me ! you know she makes you dance ;)
#TEDxABQ is amazing!
Wow. I hate all of you.
super nice feeling! thanks for to be next to my career!
It's tough trying to properly #rant on #Twitter with only 140 characters.
Thanks for the #FF!
"A new study finds that people who eat chocolate several times a week are actually leaner than people who don't eat chocolate regularly."
*Stop in for October specials....students receive 15% off packages with a valid I.D! :)
Those people affected by the tragic earthquake and tsunami in #japan are in our thoughts.
I am well rested and having my first cup of coffee in a few days. I feel amazing.
Rosanne just did a strip tease
If there are trucks serving in East County, we'd include them!
as a fellow Grace I sympathize! It's even worse overseas...
You Are Perfect! <3
If ya have alt suggestions for mobile site cont. management, I am done wasting time with these guys... Need to start over elsewhere. Thanks!
Mike Judge is the unfunniest of the"comedy" guys. Nothing he's done is funny. Seinfeld also makes my unfunny list. That's right! I said it!!
Rocking and fucking rolling.
Please respond! RT We're working to save Portland Triple A baseball, any fans out there? We want to hear from you!
LOL... what? I dont get it... I mean I understand the doorknob part but whats the rest?
dylan you dont know me
Boys are soo confusing and complicated!
vinny, nick, madison, justin, mikey, julian,jason, sarah, tracey delara, and bailey follow me zsbwkwjkdejojwodj <3
Movie Time ! Been Lazy All Day >=O !
RT : Tell me I'm a screwed up mess. That I never listen. Tell me you don't want my kiss. That you need your distance
I am not a whore I have a life and your retarded for loving Selena fucking ugly Gomez
“: "Trees have nests for birds & squirrels," Henry notes. "Yeah," adds Finn, "and cupboards have nests of dishes."”
I laid out chicken an hour ago..I forgot I was going to cook!
Half my time in jersey bars is spent figuring out why these people have a problem with me. The other half is spent trying to find the women.
All my life lessons I've learned from Mr. Feeney
- Yeah, I would have done Puyol.
I'm going to Italy in November!
If it makes you happy...go for it. Don't let everybody else hold you back. It's YOUR life. Do what YOU want to do with it.
I KEEP IT SO G
My world to believe
bomb site!
Researching "how to use a crack pipe" for a #book. If the feds ever confiscate my computer please tell them it was legit #research!
Mya Hatchette of Winderweedle Haines WArd & Woodman, PA Orlando, knew my case is for real property Olmstead rights, she is Autism bullying
#sports, #statistics,
Are you guys ready for our new tracks?
Whatya call some1 who constantly lies. Makes up achievements he had no part in? Robert Ressler needs to seriously assess him.
Only if you bought last week and any time before that though, according to the little birdie.
Definition of "EX" = Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
I approve of Valencia going down to A (not that that matters), but Plouffe to play 3rd? I was not consulted on this.
sounds great! we'll be in touch after we choose a date
Let's get musical! The #syncmission begins tomorrow bringing together British music executive from across the world.
I'd rather fancy you know that
Want to see Grammys tonight. Can't remember EVER saying that before.
Never Back Down 2 is on netflix, but the first Never Back Down isn't.
You stole my twitter introduction
Curt Will
Yes but too many variables (technique, indication, prp concentration, #&freq of tx, etc) to make valid conclusions as of yet.
God...now I feel stupid.
Okay, I got it. I got my dress, guys!
Last time I saw There Will Be Blood was on 12 January 2008. I have records of these things
I ended up going 16/16 yesterday! not so well today tho
Happy (M)other($) Day
Money hunt.. Get down with me let get this money.. If you're an artist looking for a song writer get at me..
Join us for TGIF Happy Hour tomorrow!
WHERE ARE ALL UR COVERS?!!!!
Facetime work meeting, got to love Apple. Puts me right into the Boardroom, as if I'm there!
"We are as gods, and we might as well get good at it." ~ Stewart Brand, The Whole Earth Catalog.
oh and you smell like roses!
Surprisingly, no. He was way too impressed by a college degree. And I was sober. RT so they got it still???
God morning.
We are Marquette!
so mad you went to Dance of the Decades haha.
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treatets
I love the #brewatthezoo facts that have been tweeting for the past month. Follow them for boozey factoids.
Who's up for a snowball fight in the morning?
U want blessings? remain assiduous in faith and comprehend that patience is a virtue follow me and I will def follow u rite back :)
Paula Patton looking stunning tonight while her hubby was down the street from my house getting arrested! Just make weed legal already!
Server overload! Awesome!!! We got a bigger server! Keep going!
Thx for the note back. I'll be in the Okanagan in Sept. What are the "must" places to eat while there? Thx in advance for the tip
What it look like
2nd thought: Have I become jaded/cold? What can I say, it turned into a philosophical #SundayFunday! ;-)
Love the football season!
Now we need the guide for working *with* one!
Fun was had. Next time? Gotta make sure Nick gets his walks.
Who do I go to with my concerns regarding USGA?
The object of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other bastard die for his. General George S. Patton
My phone's decided not to let me receive texts anymore. Since it's time for a new one, I'm just going to get it now instead of next month.
OMG! Lesley Visser looks like Jerry Jones!
Thanks for spreading the word. Everyone likes free music, right?
Would you like to save time and money when you buy your next home, guaranteed? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 0018
Thanks for the RT, !
Why are you stealing third?!
I just remembered I got to be there 2nd period. Where the hell is my dad at .-.
I want to take the time to love your body ;)
Current fashions set the pace....lose your step fall out of grace....
Sydney was my favorite speaker....her no nonsense analysis of the keys to a successful transition was refreshing.
Looks good, although as long as isn't a closet identity thief you should be fine.
there always seems to be at least one guy at the gym wearing jeans!
come then! 😊
What if I just didn't finish college...
M! RT : nothing better than monicals frozen pizza/French dressing. Have them weekly on the...
Enjoy the 2 for 1 salon services, relaxers, updo's, quick weaves and more. Call 901-794-0553 for more information. LIMITED TIME ONLY!!!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves
Random+Confused=FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahahahahahmuahahaahahahahahah !!!!!!!!!!
im good hun how are you
ARGH!! WTF??? I meet someone genuinely nice, who I really like and then he thinks I'm a pushover & can just walk all over me...
"i'm going to slap you so hard omg" isn't something you say to someone you love! D;
#24Hours until #Boyfriend comes out... I'm loosing my mind!!
call me
I'd like mornings better, it they started later.
Follow me and I'll follow you
Only if you meet us there :)
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 14
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
wow - incredible shot with the T-38 lined up too
not the voice......American Idol
What time does the competition start?
thank you!!
whadda voice you'll add Lem. I can imagine the spirit - the intensity you will bring to the message. POE is rising to listen.
switch. Or dual flush. Either way prefer on front, not top.
You really ought to. Peter Graves, Martin Landau, Leonard Nimoy, Sam, although Sam was in the later seasons.
Local Underground Tent Party continues. Free wine tasting & glass purchases available.
That it is! How are you doing, Doug?
going to 1d merch shop tomorow on chapel street :)
its cold! wrap up in luxurious, one of a kind alpaca knitwear, stay warm and look cool! #fairtrade. www.shopmayu.com
If you stop looking and just accept what is then you really will know God.
I'm OK, still creating, just don't kno what's wrong yet. The result: I have a "new disease". It's name is Neutropenia. Thanks Tim.
tell him how you feel 💑
1) We're not 15 year old girls. 2) Healthy respect for one another.
The religion in this country is putrified like a pork burger in the colon of Barnie Frank; A METAPHOR OF COURSE, PRETTY GOOD ONE 2.
I don't lie, sir. You're the lie.
HAH, awesome. Our words have been MARKED. We stand by them and appreciate the literal interpretation. Thank you.
- thanks for the RT. Have a great weekend!
Hey now! Don't be too hard on yourself!
I sent you a dm
Thanks for the #FF shout-out! , ,
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan Than You Just A Hater
That looks beautiful
Don't be so serious -_- #Laugh a little
ready to kill a hoe, I sense the spring crazies in the air delayed a few months :D
justin bieber?
ThMorUKno:”The Hebrew BIBLE is product of scribal culture of its time; its status as DIVINE REVELATION is CONSTRUCT of scribes as well.”
mi amigo y sus amigos son lo mas! FF on a Tuesday everyone pls add
Well getting ready for my banquet excited
1st Order to Microsoft just left!
it will probably be August at this point. Our iPhone app wont be ready for another 6 weeks so it has delayed our launch a bit
My sister better give me a neice!! jus sayin.
Raining like a muthafcka :(
"If you fall, I'll be there for you." - Floor
I hope I wake up by the time I get to work.
lol as I add it to my amazon cart of 6 other books.... did you listen to this bookworm show? she's so amazing.
tweet me please ???
need and r&b singer hit me up let me know
RT : #ENT RT : i may be ugly, but atleast i ain't got no money
just received #superbowl update from host committee... only 66 days out!! time is flying... is ready though!
Come hang with me at BOMA 4-6 today- fun, sun register to win a scooter! Oh let's have a drink too!
Cubs get out of the inning with the lead which I'll definitely take.
Happy Monday!!!!! Let's have an awesome week!!!!
#Quincy get out and vote for !!!! #Koch needs to go!
Im finna dumb out
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an "accomplished leader of global digital influence" If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
Protect ya neckk
hey do you know number 4 on the comm exam?!
Come check me out this Tuesday at the Haven Lounge Orlando
Is on location..
Thanks man Could you leave a comment with a link in the gameday thread and I'll get it squared away in a minute with
First off you are so freaking cute. Second is tonight really the season finale of P?! An Third well you really are adorable.
Writing article on Denise Milani for Very sweet and kind woman.
Tired,and don't feel good...
Woke up this morning with cotton mouth from too much beer and Prince stuck in my head. Good night last night
lol I love my glasses, they're purple with swirls... I love contacts too but my glasses make me look smarter :)
I'm taking the exam on monday. 2 weeks to study when working full time. Hope i do ok. When is your test date?
OMG for how long?!
You mean, oh JOY!
Tea on Tuesday rocked. Thank you to the beautiful folks who joined me! Everybody else: content-packed videos from tonight are coming soon.
#firstjob I wore a giant oven mit in front of Arby's. People loved me, I was pretty much a local celebrity.
if i cry will you come visit me?!
No problem babez. ❤👍
That moment when you realize your friend cool w. Somebody that dont like you . # Tragic "/
Would be very interested in seeing Teich apply this to DH discourse. Or are there too many disciplines involved for it to work?
Thanks Karen! I just drink a lot of coffee. Haha!
I just saw the Boyz on the shake it up....MY TEARS. omg. They are growing up so fast. I can’t.
