Life Course theories state that there are turning points in one's life in which they determine whether to commit crime.
THAT's what Emily's looking for! A guy who's stable & all about family. She gives 1st rose to Doug (did I call it or what?)
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about #lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
I'm made of wax Larry, what are you made of? - A Day To Remember
": People who strive to be different are beautiful. Those who follow society are Basic and Boring!!!"
that is AMAZING!
Had a packed day with campaigning in Bourbon, Harrison and Pendleton counties, followed by a fundraiser in Northern Kentucky.
need friends. so lonely. 18 at home and have nothing to do. help me!!
color blocking manicure, very cute!
I'm convinced that life is 10% what happens to me & 90% how I react to it. And so it's with you, we're in charge of our attitudes. Anonymous
Maybe, but Boston w/a rejuvenated Big Ticket??
Morning my loves! =)
We need some new music artists...
Thanks! I like you too. Had a great time at your North Beach Pub Crawl, thanks for having me.
You sure can smell Fall in the air!
um excuse me, why isn't in my bed right now? I require sexy time.
Thank you to everybody for wishing me a Happy Birthday yesterday!!!
Lol, I'd probably have things to tweet about. And even if they were stupid, people would still retweet it because I said it.
Is Fox Sports Radio simulcasting the fights tonight?
I wished I cared more about the Tony's than I actually do.
I'm start to do it more I'm a bird who needs to tweet lmao
awe that still sucks!
I think it's about that time again for Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman to make another perfect movie.
Watching the #CNNdebate on National Security. This should be interesting...
is headed to snowy #kentucky and #tennessee to hand select barrels of #woodford and #jackdaniels for the #mgmgrandlv!!
We're all about spreading the Gaga love. Thanks for the support!
in Frankfort meeting re. current historical trends and what is next for KY history documentation. Cool discussion with really smart people
"Like" Truffles Catering at the Belvedere's facebook page between August 1 and August 31 to be entered to win a tailgating package for 20!
before new TMNT series comes out
thanks so much! we are on our 2nd year! feel free to post your awkward moments
no one can drive me to the talent show, so im stuck at home...):
you're doing my presentation for me! Note that we left brochures about Collaboratory on table in DH room.
dont know what you 2 r talking about but this is hysterical! : I'VE GOT TO DO THE NEWS! *pushes random guy*
Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
Think ima go for some #hibachi #chicken,shrimp,n steak
:( RT : RIP, Dick Clark. "For now, Dick Clark...so long."
I want to stab someone and then jump into a pool.. Of their blood.
Even keeled Rich Waltz is no fun. If that play at the plate would have happened yesterday Waltz goes nuts.
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer (air conditioning) -- an amazing journey from that point!
Where are you this time? You never showed, I'll never know.. How could you just let me go?
watching the draft from twitter is already so awesome!!!
Have a wonderful day my loves
TY 4 including us in your top stories #Jerusalem #Israel ! We appreciate u viewing us as a source 4 sharing w/others!
I can't direct message you back because you're not following me
I'm hoping for triple OT
Keep the music thumping.
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up, beasted up... You can add messed up, too cause my Pipster confiscated my Hittsburgh shirt & slept in it.. PIP!
Off to hopefully put a dent in my photo documentary project, then to put it all together tonight and maybe even wash my hands of it all.
Remastering Julie True's newest CD "Heaven's Embrace" today.
“: If Jesus Christ is all you have, you have everything you need.”
hey you, I sent it, let me see what happen...sent it the same day i dm you
I win c;
need help?...
thanks for the RT!
I don't like you either so now
snagged a whopping 27 gift certificates to local restaurants as prizes for #movember! more info coming soon! tell your friends!
On the bright side, #RedSox lost...to Bruce Chen.
Jasmine forever in my heart! So sad! You left earth yesterday and you are with the angels! #RIP my friend!
You picked me up, breathing life in me, I owe my life to you but for the life of me,
So last night this chick from Boston gon tell the crew she really from North Carolina, b/c she says things like "Finna"
I'm obviously rooting for Liaison because his jockey is wearing neon pink and green polka dots
what if it was u
1/2 Planes for campaigning are not new to #WV politics. Manchin, Raese & Rockefeller - big fan of planes to get around our state.
Unedited: Gizmodo Wishes a Happy Birthday to Our Brian Barrett [Announcements]
#IHateItWhen my damn iPod dies in the middle of my favorite song! ! -.-
These gone be the last trips for the Lakers lol
I can't decide what I hate more. Paying for Cold #Pizza or Warm #Beer in
Stupid slut. -.-
Wow! After being stuck in Raleigh at a garbage hotel and massive miscommunication due to your merger, I then have to deal with (1/2)
hope you do too...i'll say it again to make your day extra great - good luck in hoops tonight.
~> RT Thank you Peyton Manning for the last 14 years. And, good luck to & his team as they rebuild a great team.
dont got school tomorrow gonna sleep all day
Hangin' out with Victor made me miss New Orleans even more!
what Where are you from baby
": Why is everyone wearing sunglasses at the Grammys?" The bling in the room is too bright!! Lmao Good question!!! :)
they dont handle it too well...
RT Also I have done all my readings. Now I just need to do all the exercise problems in seven chapters of maths text. >.<
it's a rainy day in texas... how's the weather where you are?
Comic Con + Going to Forks, Washigton = best summer ever :)
Racing SUP is very cool. Was in a heated battle for last place this weekend - had a blast! Good to be out! Thanks Northwest Paddle Festival.
After Mother's Day and Father's Day, we let kiddo designate Kids' Day. Last year we went to the botanic gardens to celebrate!
I met zack from All Star Weekend! Such a sweetheart!
yeah I'm interning with a theatre in dc and looking for a job now, but I really like dc for now. How's amazon?
The QnA with is surprisingly informal and helpful for us as a youth council
Came home to cold beer in the fridge and a new tank of propane.
"I think if you're bored, you're boring." (Tim Blanks)
one directioner. <3 follow me if you're one too! (:
I hate waiting on people!! -__-
Hey I'm Jadens Cousin I can Prove it
lol c'mon son! She's not hot, shes gorgeous! Hope you get some time and enjoy people more than planes Alex!!
Thanks for the follow. Digging your social media blog!
1. Now that I have hair, it's hard to see on a windy day. I forgot about this problem.
THE VOICE: Who was better: Chesa or Juliette on #TheVoice?
He said you so proper. I said u so ghetto,
oh so you want a list... Redd Foxx, Richard Pryor, Paul Mooney, Tony Woods, Stephen Lynch, the AMAZING Mitch Headburg RIP, AND U!
Not in the "happy zone". <:(
A strip club is now following me. That would be the first time a stripper looked at ME!
me either lol ...its gonna be longest two weeks of my life
Heading downtown soon for the Boston Tea Party Reenactment at -- time to make tea for the fishes!
i don't let every 1 see my hands their are a gift from God but your cute i'll send u a special pic just for u lol
fine. done. fuckin dogs r out
Not one taxpayer dollar and I created jobs and i am still doing it today. America, I don't need a stimulus to create jobs
I showed her the suggestion on my phone and she took the hint.
Going to see a show at or this week? Bring in your tix stub and we’ll buy you a drink!
hey chris doesn't know so and hes repiled to me over 50 tomes
JUST LANDED IN SC. WAITING FOR SARGEANT TO COME AND TAKE ME TO BCT.
I know that's right lol we such howerat lol
Some groups are already booking thier Holiday Parties for 2010. Think ahead and grab the date and space you really want!
oh I am so ready. Glad you're coming.
Man the morning shift does fly by.. 3.5 hours left in this day for me.
Towel-dry your hair thoroughly before using a blow dryer. You'll save time and avoid damaging your hair with too much heat!
omg! that sucks...I hope that doesn't happen to me....
Everyone in Chicago! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
RT : Damn all this bees at trb #Rockies game I would of been out
Oh yeah? Well, my mom can beat up your mom!
#ThingsIDislike men that sag ugh
aww haha i miss you to :P i was actually layin in bed last night and thinking about you :O we havnt talked in forever!!
Damn!!! Hear Say Can Get A M/F Executed #Troy Davis
i wish i meet JB;D
is one of my absolute favorites.
I am so in love with my #superangeljuicer it's like a year of life was poured into in a glass and drank it
Going ouut far awaay and going too look at the stars <3
#CNNLive getting BALLSY! Should've tried that sooner, maybe your dad would have GOP nomination!
and yeah this whole series has been ridiculous injury wise...at least Boozer's showing up for a change
Just got bit by a mosquito. Ugh, is it winter yet?
Starting to put Christmas away until next time. Excited to see what this new year holds!
ok..so dont use hot water when washing ur face. Try using a cleansing cream vs a face wash.Pat dry, dont rub. Buy a humidifier!
i do plan on breeding wolf dogs in the future....
hey guys just want to do a shout out to she is my first follower plz everyone else follow me and Rubye!
Got a pinch teary reading your final post. Looking forward to reading your work for JSOnline. Thanks! - MushroomCloudMoFo
Happy Mothers Day to the women in my life that go thru so much that we don't know the half of; it shows true strength to raise a child!
If you ever want to see someone's head implode from crippling indecision, watch me pick out greeting cards.
I'm saving up for Thursday :) I hope the curry ketchup is back. I plan on eating 700 fries
I don't know what yall been thinkn but for my birthday all I want is more Ben Franklins... Yaaahh!!..
I'm not normally one to agree with claims of racism, but I agree with u on this season of
Yes, not sure why there wasn't commentary. I believe may have put it together on their own...
Who will you celebrate #stayhomereadball with?
Mine is mostly my grandmother :/
I just finished a 1.35 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
New to the Chocolate Library! Vermont Nut Free Chocolate in bars and boxes. Come on down! 111 St. Marks Place btw 1st & A
everyone jokes how Noel's flattop resembles Will Smith's, but I'd say Shabazz's look and voice resembled Steve Urkel more
RIP... W.H. You are one of my earliest fav. I'll always remember your voice.
Do u tell yourself that u "deserve" bad foods to justify eating them? We should all be saying don't eat this b/c I DESERVE to be healthy!
Colleague is talking to ppl for opening day. I call BS if he meets intriguing, yet elusive westside kid for great story.
u look like Catherine Zeta-Jones.
I was still masked in my early 30s, too. By 40, I had mostly given it up ... except when I made a deliberate choice
Water is sporadic in the Irish Channel - back to a trickle now.
Christel House congratulates our Founder, Christel DeHaan, for making a difference through education around the world.
Pure Michigan commercials
&Show me why you deserve to have it all .
I love that sound that happens when you empty your trash bin on a Mac. So nice.
i got my mega million ticket
Obviously, you're not a golfer this weekend at Howard Community College. Thu-Sat 8pm, Sun 3pm
i think you were at powerplant tonight!!!
should be there in 10 min
"If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up." Hunter S. Thompson
are you moving back here!?!?! hang sesh? Im moving back to LA in July
you would be spilling chocolate milk. Like chocolate people. Hahaha
So long day ahead of me! Missing the family a lot today. When I do I go harder at my goals so I can get them close to me again. Let's get it
A1 From a strategic perspective, I'm hearing the same. What's the best advice on whether a company needs to develop an app
Man your kitchen up with empty #Beer bottles around the top of your cabinets. Just tell your wife their
no, it's just been really fucked up. Could hardly make calls or texts
. Now that we've got the mid-season premiere of Glee covered, think you guys can swing by the MI Capitol & report on that? Thanks!
HAHA I KNOW! i love it
Good for you! I want to do the same to Facebook.
Welp, today has rapidly gone downhill.
banks are banks are banks... no difference, you're right
Hold us to it... no more online poker this weekend...
Agree! Finale was amazing! Really looking forward to next season! I love this series. Truly a gem!
arvo2010: Development of a Redness Scale for Morning Eye Congestion - Stephanie Breton , May 3, D937
Im tried ; While the girl next to me is acting like she just ate a whole shitload of candy ; What is going on?
How to Monitor Your Brand on the Web for Free
I knocked the fuck out after that lengthy workout! But I guess nothing worth having is easy!
"You are my first and my last. And you are the one in betweens." -Hall Pass
Lebron is such an actor
RT : Right on the verge of the breakthrough is when the storm hits hardest. Press in! Your miracle awaits!
Post your music/playlist/EP details on the Facebook. Even your music videos. :)
When I am detached from how things must turn out in the future, I immediately increase my happiness today. My odds of achieving increase too
I'll try
That is a very poor translation of "I'm hoping for an entertaining game." But Ok.
how's it going ?
Good morning sun :)
ugghhh don't remind me ;) lol
EVEN MY DAD IS A BELIEBER !!! #soproud ;D
With your tongue?
buxom lip plumper is the shit. love that stuff.
Karate and having 2 trampolines (1 indoor and 1 outdoor) One son is a 3rd degree black belt and he is only 15.
you have identified my secret sauce. That is the approach I have used, and it is working well. DM if you want more details.
You guys could do the same...
You put up the NM Show! I can hear myself bantering! SO FUCKIN AWESOME!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Did u eat the hot dog anyway
it's not just you.
Only at NY Penn Station will you be passed by an Eritrean man quoting Lana Del Rey lyrics while on his cell phone.
happy easter to everybody that celebrates! :)
Banana, mike ditka, and a narwhal with frankenstein on the dance floor.
I'm down for it! :D
Ever wake up before your alarm and realize you'd felt less tired if you'd just stayed awake? Woke up at 5, fell asleep at 6.. Ugh! So tired.
I know Eric told me it sucked
I don't think the #etextbook revolution will really take off until the books are more than just PDFs & prices come down
RT : ~ The Peasants Are At The Gates ~ /Perhaps Mitt will give out cake for a vote!
omg.. lol V stands for vagina & P for penis lol omg omg xD
I wonder what it like for some of these people to be miserable all the time. Cheer up, it's not all bad!
Ask ask ask ask ask lol
can I get my first chirp please!?
thanks bro. My producer is but that beat is AZ
ooh exciting! What kind of red?
I need Solidworks. Can you sell me a copy?
May have to watch "The Lion King" before the game on Saturday.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 71
It's hard to fit this much emotion into a one page message. <3
4th song off the EP "Lack of Intelligence" is up on the myspace. www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
What is the longest you’ve ever driven without stopping? @ us and tell us who’s got what it takes to drive the long routes.
Yeah but you can't keep a real baller down for long!!
Success comes in cans, not cant's
If ur friend got played, what makes u think u have a chance?
Anyone have any shin splint healing advice? Have a dull burning/throbbing off my tibia on the inside side of my leg. Hope this heals soon!
Just dropped gypsy woman and some dude just came up and told me he was crystal waters web designer. Top that!
she was the person that put out the flyers for the montgomery bus boycot
This is my Saturday. Watching UFC payperview in a bar in Glendale.
#mijobs #hiring Gonzalez is searching for IT professionals, entry level on up in any field. Inquiries to
Also equality or whatever
A lesson in #compassion: we have all been children at one point. Inspired by Erica Swick
Fab. If the section works out, I'll let you know how the discussion goes. Thank you!
Who is skipping the #Superbowl to watch this year? So many people are conflicted!
I just learned that museums are full of stuff at
you've got me forever !! I'm not going anywhere !!!!
“: The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me ♥”
Just discovered prezi.com and love the tool!
nice name man! aha with my father you?;D
For the new year I'm going to add more color to my wardrobe and moisturize more. Which translates to, "Fancy Boy, Girlie Face" in Chinese.
Silver trophy I'll take it! :) :) :) happy as fuck!
Parents of missing Madeleine McCann believe she will be found alive - Fox News
Thanks - appreciate that.
watching #AALIYAH behind the Music so real so beautiful
chillin waiting for (don't get mad) another basketball game to start in like 15 min.
#ProBowl tomorrow!!!!! So excited to see some of my boys representing the #Broncos in the #ProBowl!!! Go #AFC!!
i screenshotted that from a twit vid lol, did u watch it?? ICE TREES
When you stop insisting, people stop resisting. ~ Michael Oliver
THE VOICE WINNER IS JERMAINE PAUL!!!! WHOOHHOOO
People who like this weather are psycotic
:( Darn. Because I'm so behind.
Enjoy your day Rochester Twitter Crew! Get out and do something FUN!
Any plans of performing in Los Angeles in 2012?
Best Star Wars Day Ever.
cornish's cafe has locally grown food. could it get more perfect?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!<3333333 hope you have the best birthday ever!!!!(:
Going to the third class for beginner Adobe Illustrator.
I THINK THAT FOR WHAT IT IS THE MTV LIST IS SOMEWHAT ACCURATE AS IT STANDS. I GUESS I CAN CASH IN SOME COOL POINTS FOR THAT ONE! LOL
Nothing excites this man #snoozefest RT : Nick Cafardo sounded disappointed when Ross hit the home run.
Dennis Trinkle (Provost) & Jason Steele (Dir. of Business Information Services) of now discussing student engagement at
You want something. Go get it. Period.
Bruins and Sabres YES :)
& I'm ready to zumba already hahahah
If I give you cake, with a strawberry on top, would you pretty please follow ? She 's you so much! 
My sis taught a class with her lesbian friend: "Straight up 5 min abs. No gimmicks. Satisfaction guaranteed." We're not possibly related.
Though it seems to me he showed exactly what he wanted to-- that the normal is shot through with deviance
Our season ended yesterday I was sad that and wanted this season to go longer But I know that it's time They r ready world
forget Mad Men or Suburgatory. When are you going to really make it big time and get your account verified?
so, we both agree Ash is in a coma rght ?
WHAT WAS THAT?! Major flash and kabooooom! in Northgate. Did lightening strike right here?
Sorry, i only dig the classy ones...... Leah Lovve<3
looking @ impact of : reaching >300 organizations thru ca. 60 projects in >40 states/90 Congressional districts & 28 int'l countries
Trying to figure out if it's a real documentary.
at the end of Q3, Bakersfield leads Dakota 67-65... Johnson w/19 pts and J.Wise w/13pts & 4 assists
I'll do both for safe measure
: Thanks for the info. I'll be sure to study...and practice. God bless.
That shower was somewhere between 15 minutes and forever.
yep. Just think something leaking goo and wrapped tightly in a blanket. I'm thinking it would be a screamo band.
Enjoy Jennifer Main's Gallery opening......
Adobe Illustrator - but you could do it in PowerPoint as well with one big slide.
thanks brother. Definitely do not watch at work...
Ah, yes, as when you write a haiku about a firefly...
Tax season is coming… be aware of scammers who clam to be from the IRS and Social Security Administration; they may call or send emails.
Man I wish it was "01" or "02" them was the Days! The things I would of changed..
stop. lol « I'm feeling like the man lol “: feeling good , feeling great. how you doe?”»
what about $AAPL?
Survived the first week of my PhD program :)
I love this quote! " You can't connect the dots in your life by looking forward; the only way to connect them is to look backward."
We had to take off our shoes and sit on the floor. Ready for that during the business day?
agreed, they may have greater short term impact than Blackmon/Floyd based on potential situation
cows are the best!
and yes, it's going to be a great morning :)
Can you imagine the Spandex advertisements? I try not to, but it happens.
Don't send a question mark as a massage, I don't know why that means.
do you like our big banner at Red Square for #WGTBweek ? let us know, you might win a special prize (Like a WGTBeta fish, ?)
tell her I loved her in the Alien movies
Thank you Kelly and Traci. :) We love you.
Aloha back. It's a beautiful day.
Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines.
Well for me anyway.
I have lots of beer and a fire pit. What you doing Saturday night? :)
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
and I have written badassery. Soon to commence with destruction in the form of "Initiate".
Do you like creating Top 10 Lists? Learn about how you can with Ringz.TV and more by talking to founder during
SISTER BEFORE MISTERS!x BROS BEDORE HOES!x
my arm is killing me.. Can't get up to fast, start feeling light headed 😞
great deals! :)
done! Had to check other email.address for reset:)
did u get it hahah
Happy Thanksgiving!
Yes but I think still needs more fantasy football points
On the road to Hartford to check out Marquette at UConn
story of my life with !!!
You mention blog, I look. Easily influenced that way. Them Plane Pixels are crazy good fun.
no practice this Friday but next then game the same week on Saturday
": when did okc become everyones favorite team? #justwondering"..u must be a laker fan..ha
Getting to know cool Drupal theme from as I develop site for Marylanders for Offshore Wind Power. (Fusion-based theme, Skinr)
Sitting at the kiddie table with my 21 year old cousin
POW!RT : ": I swear, people be on DICK." &lt;= why you worried about who's on MY dick? mind yours.
Sub sandwiches make any day more awesome
RT : A8 #Foodiechats I love all three, but if I had to choose, nothing like Challah French Toast with maple butter syrup
Homeless people and cell phone sales people have the same technique to have you give them money, they just shout out crazy stuff.
Going to be a great year
Alfonzo Denard is a classic example of someone sabotaging their own career! Seriously? NFL Draft is less then a week away & U get arrested?
She a hood girl, but she a good girl
God it feels good when you get to witness your hard work pay off
Dad "getting there is only half the journey" kid "duh, you still gotta come back". Lol smart kid.
On top of our usual workload, we’re excited to be launching a blog very soon! Let me know what #nonprofit issues you want to read about
RT : tech is an elective just like arts/proven tech & arts create productive adults/edu priorities
Jayson Nix starting for the Yankees. What a year it has been.
Get in here! you look like you need a margarita!
I think you should be able to ask them in the webinar chat client? I'll tell Jill during the break that you're not able to ask.
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!! #TEAM comes FIRST!!
two teams ranked for most of the season play each. Other in the first round brook central vs milw Riverside smh
Foster the People look hot on SNL.
how about Ron Paul at an Irish pub?
had fun these past 2 days :) really needed it!
Clueless is clueless. When you don't what don't know!!!
“: Can my body please stop peeling? #ilooklikeacow” OH MY GOD KELLY FUCK OFF
Thank you Lord for today, for our families, our jobs, our homes and our church!
Just really noticed that was in Coach Carter. I guess he wasn't as big as he is now.
Nice man would love to get together and hear more about the project.
Can't wait to see #Hungergames!!
Thanks #thatcamp see you all at the next interface there later... Because. Because. Because.
man that dude just didn't have it all then
Tim Burton was in SINGLES and had a pretty funny cameo as a guy who directs strange video singles ads.
#cosign RT : Just cause you have big titties does not mean you can have a attitude! Behave yourself!
What you lookin at trick?
What is it about the #RockysThemeSong that always gets me fired up!
I hear the pinging! my phone was dying, had to charge it! Ima be right there in a min...lol.
congratulations Duke, wish my parents let me stay up last night for the 2nd half
you should have said hi! Except I was in zombie mode hah
Attn Chicago shoppers: knockoff bag guy outside Giordano's on Rush for last minute gifts!
That's because #WallStreet isn't supporting our #President!
People need to learn their place.
Apologize? Just remember, the game ain't over until the Lehigh cheerleader sings.
Breakfast burrito run with the bros and hoes!
You're welcome!
:P I was thinking of it as an idea for your mom's mother's day gift....
Ok, I will take a nap, or a pool boy with an ice cold mimosa in hand. Universe, surprise me!
At the end of the day there won't be another mix tape harder than Lil Wayne - Drought 1, 2, 3.
Bags are packed. Send him home Bub.
2012 National Flood Safety Awareness Week/Charlotte NC
Will join next on Fox Morning News to recap our DC trip
I think Morgan miss ha daddy cause that damn sho ain't me
Glad to hear Blackbirds is good stuff. I'll be getting it over summer. I'm reading Dinocalypse Now...now. Have you tried it?
I'm looking forward to my next visit to DC!
Its true you mean everything to me..
What a surprise--5 minutes extra time
the apple store? why would we dance with geem?
I agree, my placement, I had 4 SLP's that taught me SOO much and encouraged me.
thanks for the heads up
Just had a tie blow out doing 70 on highway. That could have been ugly
shout out to ! Which ever one you are in your pic?!?! Follow him.
yaaaayyy paaarrttaaaayyy!! Haha yeah last night. Twitter is weird
Church was good:)
Alex is coming over tonight 💙
nice day means.. #skateboarding :)
stop giving republicans platform to just lie and lie
Since they wanna play about getting me a car I guess I have to go get this shit myself #$$$$
Don't be mad at me.. Talk to God. He has given me everything I've ever wanted.
on my list... heard good things...
Smooth sounds of The Abby Maxwell Trio and free taco bar from 5-8 @ ONE UP!!! DJ 12 Tribe spinning hip hop, R&B & top 40 from 9-close.
Let's put Blockbuster in charge of immigration
Competing embarrassing playlists. Her - Britney Spears, Him - Michael McDonald
Okay watching the game. Back later. :)
I can't get anything either :(
would love to see you in that Kentucky uniform playing in front of 24,000 screaming diehard UK fans every game. Go Cats
Black guys gonna win the voice
Hard not to think that Derrick Rose is this era's version of Grant Hill. Amazing talent but too many injuries.
lets go celtics
Sent DM... please check it out :)
And I'll repeat what I have been saying: It is the #Michigan & #PennState types that have to up their game, not Wisky or
originally a version in an address by Cornell's President.
It's hard to be studious. I need motivation.
Smart! Totally smart!
I am following back (:
LOL you should have been at work today SO MISSED YA..laughed our asses off and I got hurt lol AGAIN
If you keep letting me go,it gets easier to stay away...
Third Ave Streetscape funding finally in line. Project goes forward.
Busy at 420 or something? Hahaha RT : I can be there around 430
When I used to wait on the bus NOBODY stopped to give me a ride.I'm just carrying on tradition lol.
Check us out on !
“: One more chance is better than none!” yessir!!
Yes! Would love to...will get back to you. hope all went well yesterday!
Local high school holding parent conf on eCigs, I saw this coming months ago by "listening" to Social Media, wonder how many parents in dark
Sounds like a great book about the ocean, let us know how you like it!
RT: I hear Roman Polanski has been a big donator to the Obama campaign Where do you find these people?
Got to be kidding. I refuse to get into instagram. No. “:NYTimes: Facebook to Buy PhotoSharing Service Instagram for $1 Billion”
It's time to stop depression, suicide, selfharm, and bullying, and now it's time to help raise #awareness and #save_lifes. <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(: miss you
congrats to regina campbell for winning the Holiday World and Splashin Safari tix. more chances to win tomorrow.
Here's what I have to say to anyone afraid to talk about money. Money money money money money money money money money.
I wanna try noodleing....(catching catfish with my hands)....
I'll be waiting for to change its commercial. What can Brown do for you?
It was nice bumping into Chris Evans and others at the MTV
Nick always be tryin to hangout when its to late! D;
please follow me, #14days i cant wait. #BOYFRIEND ♥
Finding my groove...: Lollipop Crafts #78 Anything Goes
My 4yr old is showing signs of AD&D. He is speaking of the differences between chromatic & metallic dragons.
hey you(;
you don't remember me!? #savedyourlife don't be scared... your sister approves of me
#NFLrookie advice: Being in the spotlight can make anyone nervous. Try identifying the weak areas you have when communicating & get help.
Good luck today!!
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent.' ~ Alfred Brendel
...maybe we just love you ;)
Lmaooo I just looked at my mute list ... damn
thank you for following! LOVE your strength... what an inspiration you are! Happy Friday!
Writing from your heart requires your body to step aside and stand in the corner while your spirit does its thing and speaks.
Ever get the feeling that a task is just going to bounce right back to you?
Chicago do you love Oreos? Todays Cake is: All American Oreo Cake Rich chocolate cake, filled with Oreo chunks and ganache cream filling.
Bring it home Giants!! Forget the Packers almost perfect season!
Really' haha very funny Joke ? "!
Is it weird that I kinda wanna see breaking dawn part two?..
Metadimensional Cinema is about to ping epidemic. It will Om its way into the divine matrix of the subconscious; fueling mass portals.
Thanks for the news of the first Humpback Whale sighting of the season!!
Thanks love! RT : I Love your avi, congrats to you both ??
Having trouble upgrading to BlackBerry App World 2.0.1.12 - hangs on upgrade
move your body, dance for your papi
Thank you...and you as well.
like literally?
HEY where can a girl get a toddy on a Tuesday?
When everything else fails, Music doesn't.
The #Clippers won last night?! I knew I shouldn't have gone to bed at the start if the 4th qtr last night.
Watch out for that girl. One day she may change the world ;) x
*insert really cool snappy comback here* what now!
tickets purchased for Saturday! Until then time for a Marvel movie marathon, starting with Iron Man!!
A challenge to everybody who's posting that taxi-driver story all over facebook: Call up an elder & actually listen. Today.
More Inspirational
stamp application
Oh we can chat on Facebook if u want. I have no skool 2day.
thanks man! I really appreciate it! Best of luck in your endeavors as well!
40404 I like the little skits. Nice change.
this past saturday when someone asked me if I was my friend's mother! He is 39, I am 51, his mom 71!
Hm... Democrats have been at 41 for a while now...getting a little nervous
A cute one that gets along with W.
By Miranda Johnson Looks like the recent rift between Kanye West and producer Young Chop has been patched up. The 18-yea
i havent used twitter in such a lonnngggg time! ahh its so refreshing
tomorrow at 9..will try to stop and see you
u need a fade my nigga ;p
exactly what I was thinking.
YEA HE WON'T BREAK YOUR HEART
We'll see ya there!
The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy
More support 4 reasonable application of fair use might help w this tale of woe abt how large media studios are victims too
I hate driving when it's pouring rain.
For real. Tho I am surprised (& doubtful) at descriptions of this as a "linchpin" moment. So much has happened already.
Out here in AZ I see why mufuckaz is stagnated, just a whole lot of talking, niggas is lazy and dont really want to work on music..SMMFH
Damn, kinda addicted to taking pictures on my phone , I like having a picture to help me remember what went down that day, not just words
It's all about love.
Awwwwready I appreciate dat phone on now lol RT : in the mix !! Love him
If ur going to detest someone, let it be because they personally suck - not because of their #religion. How auto- #Ignorant can 1 b? lulz
hey John thanks for the retweet.
Go on and try to tear me down i will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!! <3
RT : #Purpose Write down 1 or 2 goals for the day. Revisit this throughout the day. Visualize your actions to achieve these...
Hahaha. That would be great.
Golf Channel "Take Nothing For Granted" I like it!
All GIS systems can export maps in KML, SHP or XML format. Then add them in YouTown.
usually in the international aisle!
exactly! Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card... Sucks!!! I need a 2nd job for GAS alone! WTF
Yes, and sometimes they get the pox even if they get the shot... I know because it happened to one of mine!
RT : Power lines have blown down in #PacificBeach and started a car on fire; pix on News8
wow im already 13 :)
And this one belongs to the Politricks softball team. 1W-0L
sry hun... Im spoken for... Bt it ok for sumbody to give u a lil of advise from da outside..
you should follow back ^_^ lol
Why can't I just talk to you... I'm so sorry but I can't help how you make me feel... I wish I could just have you... </3 )':
Can hardly wait for SYTYCD tonight. It keeps getting closer and closer to the final when we will know who wins.
For some reason he sounds like Donnie McClurklin #sp to me.....
Wow could not of been a worse start
Too close to call. Superstitions and fear of falling meteors overcome my desire to pitch a hopeful score! :)
Do you like nutella? Because i love it!
Finally a sunny day! Is spring really here or will it be snowing tomorrow?
Is that because I drew you half nakie w/bulge? ... Seriously Bradley...
I wanted to go to the hair dresser today but oh well
#Akwasi_Frimpong from the film "Theorie_van_het_Konijn,has been invited to give a motivation speech in Engeland during a business convention
"slight workin my way to the library"
I'm downtown
Sean was sick this morning, so we opened late--oops! Come in now before we close at 7 pm and get a free Cuban coffee! We're sorry!
:) tweet : My ovaries are being squeezed to death by that falsetto. No, that's not a good thing. It's like a kick in the balls.
Cleanin my car
All these dating shows like The Bachlor/Bachlorette and Love In The Wild are nasty! I hope they give them passes to the free clinic.
Saw diminutive NBC golf analyst Jimmy Roberts walking anonymously through the crowd at the U.S Amateur as well.
That weekend in general is going to be EPIC!!
That awkward moment when you glance at someone staring at you..
Aw. :3 You both just kinda made my flipping day man<33 C;
Y r people still wearing colorful jeans, baltimore style.
BG Sayles, #Army, "Industry: Meet #veterans halfway -they bring so much to the table, you just need to speak their language."
Janet will be 46 in May :D
This Baylor/Washington games is one of the most ridiculous football games I've ever seen! It's video game scores and stats!
Thank you my funky sista!
I'm just sayn wen it comes to work nobody cares about ur personal shit. Ive gone 2 work sick. NO ONE CARES lol that's life
The weekend was great got to spend QT with my loved 1's
I only watch G.I. Joe for Storm Shadow.
thanks for following
ran w/new size small hotpants.They r2 big n few spots!Hope the new stuff is a bodysuit!Legs look amazing,now lets work on my arms.
You're welcome, Kenny. I always appreciate your thoughts on copyright.
wondering if you would be willing to speak out against the use of another word, Ni**a/Ni**er. Anyway, good speaking up and out.
In 20 Mins... "Hottest Dude On The Block" *PROMO MUSIC VIDEO* DROPS! Featuring Kyd Splash & Lyrik Luciano! Shot & Directed By ME! :)
#TipsForLadies the sloppy drunk look isnt attractive on anyone.
Of course and thank you. I don't remember why. I was probably protesting.
hates me...
I was openly mocked for taking Aaron Rodgers in the first round of my fantasy draft. No one's mocking me now.
I am obsessed with , some think airplane food is gross but I've always liked it!
Happy Tuesday tweeps
NP "Leave The Pieces" by The Wreckers
you know it.
wow some people are stupid cropping them in a picture with someone famous grow up!
it's an iPhone/android app. There are a bunch all based on the couch 2 5k program.
We are all part of the living universe, and as we grow and develop so does the universe, for we are all one.
MJ Experience game time, we :D
It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
working on recorder for imprinted pens and custom table cloths. Thanks Mara & Mallory!
140 chars is difficult to explain the differences. I'll say that like politics, religion makes strange bedfellows.
Just figured out where is in the restore process! Music files SLOWLY resuming their original places.
To anyone reading this: What is your favorite song? or one of your favorites? at the moment? Any song you'd like to share, really.
Hey, how are you?(:
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
"Sudden death: abrupt & unplanned ending of a relationship." Apparently this qualifies as a college-level vocab word. Quality education.
forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits
you are so sweet!
refrain from smashing speakers or jumping out a window.
I got what I wanted a goal to bring the crowd to life.
Teacher: “You’re here to learn.” No, we’re here because it’s the law -- Funny Tweets ()
Christina G. Rossetti~ Spring is when lifes alive in everything.
#2 rule to getting away with murder is no body no murder.
Are the challenges self-chosen based on students' passions? Do the kids really own the learning?
Happy BDay to the Best Daddy in the Universe!!!! I Love u Daddy!! :)
yeah but we are gonna be soon !
lol can't resist it -.-
Omg. I'm not going to stop crying for a week. She was so happy at the end! <3
What happens in Vegas is usually cliche and wearing Ed Hardy
Yay we are starting to bake again! We love to make our store smell sweet with our awesome cakes, cupcakes and more! Woo hoo
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an ANGEL gets a high-five. Oh yea.
Yea. They are! Lol RT : lol I won't disagree with that. Virgo guys are nice though, the ones I've met.
I can't make someone stay in my life if they don't want to. U let a good thing go
Right!? Can't wait to go play! RT: Good morning gorgeous, warm, sunny spring day! Now we're talking Los Angeles!
Might not go sat. Text me. We will see I guess.
Saw your story about the whale this morning...stay warm out there!
where's the beef? don't we need D-linemen real bad?
I think we have thousands of NGO's for lots of reasons, effectivenes yes; but also pride, greed, etc.
Why is it that when you help people they still have the audacity to talk about you like you have done nothing...
At the end of the first half Denver leads 37-29 over DU's Stafford leads all scorers with 17 pts
Idk who's beard is more ugly, Danilo Galinari or Paul Pierce
Tired of people not taking shit serious and not showing up to things they need to show up to
Follow #envisionfilm for tweets from Envision 2012. Global thinkers and filmmakers will be getting cozy all day long at
I'm back for good! Any shoutouts?(:
Getting something to eat, than off to the stroe. Snow and ice on the ground. But the stock show is in town, rideh cowboys and girls. LOL
oh okay hopefully they have all the classes I need so I can be full time.
Mine doggie doesn't feel like a happy face.
#bethere RT : 1 day tournament=Fans meet staff and owners, players are scouted, and merchandise opportunities...hm....
First of all dawg..why U studying Nukkas Wang-Dang-Doodles...wit ya #Down-low azz.. #KillYourself!
#librotaficante Thank you for the props all the way from the other border-Canada! Gracias.
Yoga Poses & Equipment : Yoga Clothes
Also s/o to my nigga Hit Skrewface, Tuesday nights will have Str8 Truth in the building. S/O to all my Str8 Truth family, anotha jobwelldone
Hi Ashley! You are most welcome :)
We are close to having all of our marketing technology components in place for our clients! Lot's of research for you.
Hey crazy! I always forget to check the Twitters... I am doing well---still plugging away at KOIN. Just not cooking anymore.
Too tired, too hot, too anxious about line review / boss being out of town to fall asleep... I don't have good odds for rest tonight
Draw on it, put it back on ebay, profit.
Thank you for providing position info, lingo, etc - better than an impatient husband. Sorry
So many fun flavors to let everyone know about on this beautiful day: Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, Green Tea Ice Cream...
When people turn on scary movies then leave you alone in the room.
what the fight?
Preparing to leave Jacksonville, FL en route to spring training.... four hours till the Gulf
Yea I'm comin to stay at your house.
...at a lecture series at meeting about aging and genetics.... We may not be destined to age!
Commercial use license ususally starts at $50.00 & up for 72dpi for web only. Each company's license agreement is different, no 2 are alike
I forgot what Friends episode I left off on ):
Teach your child self-worth, NOT self-esteem. The difference is how God sees them...NOT the world. Just got this from my wife. LOVE it!
"It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes."
Yay! RT : "Freckles are just chocolate chips on people." -
Major renovation progress yesterday! Had family over to help & we now have hot water, lighting in four rooms, a hinged door & a clean deck!
If you cant imagine yourself being Peter pan, you won't be Peter pan
I loved your movie, I WILL FOLLOW
I think it seems just right. Will encourage action of those that think it will be just over (i.e. you) or just under (i.e. haters)
#ad2dc "I can't believe I'm going to defend a dude in his underwear" - on
"If you don't want to get tackled, don't carry the ball."
1. Go to Google Translator. 2. Select from Filipino to English. 3. Type Pikachu. 4. Mind = blown.
Haircut day! Mega jackpot $393 million, may need to go out and buy one
what an incredible honor! thank you RT Best immersion participants ever & what about that faculty sung oz medley!
The epitome has to why bitches ain't shit to me. You've been knowing me all of 20 minutes, yet you're talking bout our chemistry.
Have fun! Relax and enjoy!!
yes! I also can bring ipad
hehehe..# DaRealJacpoTT I wish the world was flat! There are a few people I would love to push over the edge!
(cont) The only thing I liked by him was the story "Rain, Rain, Go Away," but that's probably because that story is fantasy.
Shoe Game
New phone is on its was. Yesh I needed one bad >_<
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x4
Not impressed with #windows8 so far. I hope the professional version isn't setup the same way.
BP says they'll know in 6-48 hrs if new attempt works- 6 to 48 hrs?! What kind of est is that? did they always have 1 of these caps around?
Yesterday I saw 3 sprinters: 2 on P'tree Rd and 1 around the corner from home. 'Tis a sign I've gotta break out my running shoes today.
": I love #LakeShow fans. We riot when we lose. We riot when we win. LA is the shit, man."
Different race, different winner. F1 is that much more enjoyable when you have no clue what's going to happen from race to race.
Girl, I wish you were my next door neighbor!!
Listening to Ravi Shankar, slow cooking stew and sewing, perfect
- Me, too. And we'd love to see middle class & poor people stop voting against their own interests.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose ;) x Jewel
Duke got that exponential ass whipping tonight! Like Russell said, thanks for coming out..God bless and good night!!!
Thank you Mariz, your words are truely beautiful. You made me smile
Sadly, I was hoping it was foolproof. Get it? *Proof*? Like yeast, ahaha I kill myself.
What happened to the days of people's word being their bond? Glad I know how to use my resources. Khadija don't need ya. Lol
Risk Transfer- how to get you savings between 5-25% on your Medical Professional/General Liability insurance Joint Commission Certification
Is this story reason to ban hockey and fear our northern neighbors?!?
Happy birthday Have a good one, girl (:
sounds about right ;)
Let me get this straight-Cantor says he's willing to close some tax loopholes, but only if new ones are created. Now THAT'S pathetic!
people are just CRAZY ..
Now booking tables/parties for this weekend for Saturdays Studio Paris & The Underground Sundays DM for details
goodnight Debi......x
Ha! Checkout the web site for the reasoning behind the name. Charles Wilson is the real DC politics beekeeper.
Are you out at SXSW?
i am not even tired -__- i just don't want to wake up early for extern lol
Hope does not disappoint!
“: How exciting! Mock! Mock! :D” I like THE MOCK!
I need a doctor asap
Several community members are slated to be here. Mayor Soglin, Chief Wray, Capt. Joe Balles, Capt. Jim Wheeler, Kaleem Caire and others.
Miss June and Nov. were mine and Kory Lyn is a model I shot and have images of in last months and this months special editions.
Mealy apple.
not to mention when CJ was thrown down from behind in box on an early breakaway! Retro ref fine!
I can't even give these Bucks tickets away at this point.
I can't wait to see Baylor's women's basketball team tonight. That guy Griner is badass!
El nuevo #twitter is a SHIT!
Congrats Tom!
haven't heard about the arrest yet
hope u get wat u deserve
They told us to relax the night before. I should watch Merlin.
I haven't had a social network in so long. What happened? aha
heat is on!!!!!! prepare the kitties for overheating!!!!
I read lots of nap
Yes, indeed. RT : Thanks to & & organizing team for a great day at
This weeks going by so slow.:/
Who are other Reps in support of guns on campus?
Mercury is in retrograde again? There goes my week.
miss_eli: SLA was my first conference, too, back in 2002. Welcome to the association and hope to see you in Philly.
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most ppl never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor! Call now 1-646-397-9817
Why did I conclude that rain in woodland hills. = sunny in Hollywood?
Orlando Dragons vs Polk County Wildcats NXBL Season Opener at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL 5/28 @ 7pm www.n-xbl.com
no. I kno u sent me a link. but this the first time in a while I got on here from the computer
not one, but two extra scenes..so stick around!
thanks coach, I will email you the flyer Monday
Oh Friday... Where have been all week? So glad you're here.
Warm weather is arriving. You know what that means! Tee shirts!
i got yo numbaa so ill hit you up if anything happens (:
Walker/GOP/ALEC puppets do not have a jobs plan; they have an AGENDA.
Comment if you have a tumblr i follow back (:
Hi Steph! I live in Tennessee in the USA.
thank you so much Sarah!
They need to make a Stick It-esque movie about soccer.
Always happens to me :(
Watching THE TREE OF LIFE right now and it's strangely getting me in the mood to see JURASSIC PARK followed by MELANCHOLIA.
It's snowing :)
It felt like my camp post. A God thing.
Have you cooked with our product? I can get you some to try! We LOVE your food!
doing drive-by's in tinted corvettes on vietnam war vets
2 weeks from today, I'll be seeing you in NYC!
performing at at the event tonight!
haha hell yeah man to get what all of us want..gotta do things u kno lol
actually i think it's supposed to be: whiskey, elevate, whiskey, ice, whiskey and repeat ;)
Thanks man - was great meeting you too !! Would love to do some cross-promo with - let's talk !! Christian
Be mindful of what you toss away, be careful of what you push away and think hard before you walk away.
<riding four wheelers
Nothing wrong with maintaining! Gotta love tha up north folk! #Sipping hooch on a tailgate of a ford truck in a cornfield
Saturday Long Beach Fall Festival under the main tent, 10-4
Anyone else have issues with the NVRAM on N7k supervisors failing diags? We've had both sups on one switch do it in the span of a few mos..
Algeta reports results for the first quarter 2012
: is building 'Yelp for Seeds' to help gardeners find what will grow best, with a recommendation service.
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, M&Ms.
Sry.. website URL: www.prettylittlethingsthemovie.com
Make sure u have plenty of room for the ONS crew cause u know we a fuckn mess but we r DESERVing of that space! ; p
I'm allergic to someone on this bus
What is going on today? Is *EVERYONE* high?!
"In the lead-up to the Iraq war, they shrouded the Guernica tapestry. It's our job to pull that curtain back and show the reality."
You know I got you big Brah! That video is HILARIOUS!! You killed it.
yum thank you!
Math lab students are creating the ABC books of math.. using live binders today! Can't wait to model electronic portfolios for them!
These clouds outside make the sky look like moutains to me..
Bands'll make her dance.
Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - is a CINE Winner of the Golden Eagle Award 2011.
tx for shout out u r sweet!
She told me I'm comforting... like a small casserole. Hmm. I'll be coming back to dinner at 7. Have to run an errand 1st.
You like shopping. You like the hill. You should follow !
When gangster bros tell you how cute your dog is, you know he's kinda adorable haha
probally to send u that dm
Good Morning Tweeps !
Haters gone hate *Shrugs*
Big 3rd down here. Don't want the pats to get the ball back here.
Back, do you have to hate me so much!!! In pain and can't walk without hurting
i wouldn't know what it's like to be mexican, though, right?
Jim Stabilito is our top fundraiser of all the Climb participants so far. He has already raised $2380, Thank you to all for your help!!!
Got a party or other event coming up?? Let me help you plan, decorate and make it the best celebration! All I ask in return is a testimonial
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
well see if that statement is true later lmao
i love rainy sundays
“: haha im glad you like that one! have you heard Strangers or The Art of Growing Up yet?” Yea and I like those to
I have no idea. ... Maybe they are staying. ...
Yes. We analyze the results. Still have questions? Call us anytime. We like to treat people the way we want to be treated.
It's gorgeous out--go for a run! or at least a walk!
send us your number in a message and I will send them :)
thank you :)
My sister to her son: It's a good mom who lets their son lick the beaters. It's a great mom who actually turns them off first.
The Week Ahead: Non-Farm Payrolls and Finality on Greek Bond Swaps?
I'm not going to click "I'm feeling lucky". They know too much.
Today we're celebrating International Women's Day with a shout out to the Bay Area's very own !
RSVP: Identity Films
Why would a girl try to keep a guy hooked by sayn she pregnant?
thanks for the RT!!
To go to Canada or to not go to Canada this weekend
I se.t you a message anx if you don't read it thank you
#ff for #agile - Happy Holidays! -
Dinner and a movie with my girl !
I'm wearing bright yellow today, in honor of pollen.
You and should come to Cali and meet your #1 fan!!(: <33
Today is just a sad day for me n da fam, but we gon fight thru it..happy birthday D3. We love n miss you
you hashtagged right so you're not a lollapaloser.
good call! I graduated in shell tops & a burgundy leisure suit
yeah, I know. Seriously? Well that was the best 3 hours of my life -___-
i love being sick just joking i hate being sick but im still going schoo, i dont get to see my brother new born baby n i already seen him :(
Hm seems there is a #cougarlife app.
it's all so good!
And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy
Shelton Johnson from Hebron is playing for Wisconsin right now!
Julia always laughs at how bad I am at life in general.
Geeky Jock: Checking Knicks' asymptotic rising has got a Chandler+Novak+Fields+... fluctuating tail of convergent sums!
We had a fantastic time at Fishfest on Saturday! Thank you to everyone who came out and supported!
It's called a teaser. That's the point.
Dr drew is freakin creepy looking nowadays
Lovelyday @ the market! Today's favorite: Mango/Tamarind again!,,Thanks to my great customers and a lovely weather,! I need to sleep!Night:0
Some quick google-fu turned up a couple services, but I would need to have the device shipped. These should be in 7-Eleven.
And follow
this traffic tho <
What section is the math quiz onn?
Well, you get what you pay for...if you're lucky.
somebody want to tell me what school goes to? ;0
Got lost three times trying to find tonight! I found it, all was tasty, but pls update the address on your website, Malarkey!
hay bro help me out. Read my status on FB lol.
Call me maybe just came on the radio!!
Follow me please; I swear I'm not going to bother. I love You, You're all time ON MY MIND! Your voice is AMAZING! Never Change♥
Now I get sleepy when I'm supposed to have company come over... I hate that !
Oh really?? >:P This tweet is evil "Ceebeelah: No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x"
keep up the great work.
and ijs.. Mind ya business.
Hurry, only 3 days to use #discount code NEW12 for 15% off your entire order on any product.
Oh im awkward? Ever thought that you cant hold a fucking normal conversation.
I'm bringing my clients 2 #ClubNikki 2 see perform! This will be a fun night.. ladies get ready.
I'm looking at a #java project that has "implementation" and "interfaces" packages *and* uses the IWhatever convention. No Impls, at least.
It's ok...only me and 14 year olds probably know....it's the season finale of Pretty Little Liars
Alright Push It is over. I'd better take my old ass back to work...
Explore realms of "Art & Faith" @ the Menil Sunday evening, with an art historian, anthropolgist & theologian. Discussion starts @ 7p. Free.
right now: Portland Police are at Wilson High, looking for burglars.
omg u really b twitting!!!!!! Lmmfao oooooooowwwwwwww u go boy (n my Gina voice)
Speak with love, respect, and empathy. That's what I learned from Dr. King. Is your goal to unite or antagonize?
So many men so little aspirin.
Just got home. Long ass day.
I'm sure we'll be okay in the SEC when you are looking to join the WAC after the Big 12 dissolves.
thanks for the S/O have a great
I am very excited for my interview on Tuesday. I cannot wait to meet everyone and check out the office!
night at the Roxbury, anchorman, step brothers, land if the lost, Jesus anything with Will Ferrell!! OMG Elf!
Home Sweet Home
tired when reading thought you said you were going to walk the runway.
finishing medieval europe & doing a big silk road cross-time unit with a writing project & "museum exhibit" to end the year
If we were together right now, I'd be singing you a Wilson Phillips song. With so much conviction.
#CreateDigital is a proud sponsor of 1st mini meet-ups in #DC #Norfolk & #RVA this week. Thanks to: &
it sucks :/
I love when it rain but when it thunderstorms.....idk
lol how shocked were you when totally pranked y'all on stage in ATL. That was the best
The dates of the Open Beta haven't been announced. When we send them out, I'll make sure you get one! :)
Likewise John! Thank you!
I should go to bed too
You're amazing at violin!
under controlled T_____T i miss you.
as soon as my P starts emailing, I'll give her your Ps email address....lol! They can email each other while in bed :-)
"awesome, #mom!" A 9yo HamSter calls from his step- mom's car to tell report on Take Your #Kid to Work Day.
I'm starting to get a massive headache, I'm still tired as all hell and I really just wanna go home
Np Rhianna we found love. In Orlando? It brings me back to horror nights and the amazing time I had :)
new www.google.com doodle is great
Thoughts are prayers go out to a small group friend and coaching friend both dealing with health issues.
has the cutiest smile n the world
Smile. It is happily contagious.
need a ride?
Why am I so fat. Ugh. I wish you could just snap your fingers and a little calculator would appear. - everythong porforvoreeeee
Make sure to follow our partner
I'm hoping things will work out. But Jay explains why its not a slam dunk.
Route # is correct on those signs Once higher priority signs are switched over Rt 63 signs will switch to show new route name
well I hope so! You and should get lunch sometime
Even though it's early, I'd say Vogel. Look what he's done in one year?
I just want to know how she got so many prescriptions, and for what? I mean, she was on a little prednisone
i keep tweetin but my tweets aint moving
Finished our thank you notes before the #CanadaPost strike ended! they'll be a bit late, folks. The one time I *don't* need an excuse...
Also? I'm so not a fan of being forced to use words I dislike for lack of a better word. Case in point: Tweeps.
Nonetheless they are obligate carnvores according to the veterinary profession. Cat's not veggie, right?
RT : Two of last night's shootings were fatal, confirm this morning..
You kno me so well>>>“ She might be drunk lol! « lol what?»”
“ Bitch...It's 2012, swallow that shit!!! #Life”
RT if your listening to #SaySomethin right now.
...hoping a table with a flower garden view will be the inspiration I need to write this next section.
Just finishing any remaining homework, and doing some extra-credits. I'm such a nerd. ;3 AND PROUD^^
You mean the best
Nap time
hello dear. I've been off Twitter for a while so I just saw your hello.
lol shut up
Loving Lucern and now off to our Lake cruise :)
Soo i have been trying to quite smoking but once its in front of me i just cant say no!-_-
Who are the best Freshman and Sophmore basketball players in West? This Saturday and Sunday
is expected to get Moorea's temp past the 100's today. Expect her to get Moorea's TOPTIONAL summer going!
Does anyone else get super excited when census time comes around? I guess I just love being counted.
The Chicago superfans probably. Just try not to have anudder heart attack
the issue, in my opinion, is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
Pudding Replacing Cupcakes as New Trend - Huffington Post (blog)
yea I was there allday everyday!
This is surreal!!!!
You all chose the perfect day to egg my car. Seriously grow up and find something else to amuse yourselves with, IDIOTS.
guy from back in the day comes up to give dap, then when i go to fist bump, backs up and leaves me hangin n walks off
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
What she said. Loved the office/gallery combo. RT : Thanks for another awesome Design Slam tonight !
Oops. If you got a Tweet with just a link, ignore it, I was just getting a bit.ly url.
No, that's my boy but stay tune there's more to come!
isn't that for sure. When I hear certain songs it reminds me of my 1st <3. Ohh well it is what it is.
If I would have known about this I would have made a friendly wager... #GOGOPHERS “: Let's Go Eagles! #BCHockey #FrozenFour”
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes. We can put a stop to this. Please retweet.
Have y'all ever thought about the word "recognition?" re-cognition. Changing how you think.
Sheamus is still the world heavy weight champion yes yes yes yes yes yes !!!!!!!!!!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends... tHANKS
The new Gebco commercial rules.
what did they feed that cat to make it so cooperative? Any cat I know would've scratched your eyes out.
i also had a werewolf dream. i blame and for this.
why is everyone hating on 8FLAVAHS?
Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure. It's okay, he knows. Haha!
Lets Go White SOX!!!
I should have added a "(pair)rotprogramming" tag to my last tweet :)
lol you dont events respond to texts that fast. If at all :p
I'm free completely today an tomorrow after 6pm
So nice to meet you :)
What do you do when you can't sleep? Watch reruns of #TheNanny of course!
i gotta alotta stuff i dont tell people.
Its never 2 early 2 think abt lunch! Today we have our Greek Pasta (Spaghetti tossed w EVOO & Seasonings w Mizithra Cheese) $5 till 4!
SIRRIUS Radio wants $12 a month or $700 for a lifetime subscription now! REALLY? $700 for a radio subscription? On what planet is that sane?
yeay! It's going to be a great night at Graffito. Do you have a reservation already? or have you been in before?
Activate our wisdom and gumption 2 harness our spiritual power to set the world right unapologetically for our children
“: I give up on this fscking day.” ~ rub some glitter on it
Mumps, measles, and puppy love are terrible after twenty.
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with But deep inside a nigga so sick
Them lil moments mean a lot 💜😍
NO LIE! “: Driving down The Drag.. is gonna leave a snail trail in my car for sure.”
That's exactly what I would've done as a marketer!
I'm baking you cookies. When are you coming home?
Can someone please show me how to turn on the lights??
I fully support your decision to do that. If you need back up, I'm all in!
Dallas artist need to support each other more!
don't want to get out of bed...
I've been trying but she won't :(
you have definitely changed 's music preferences
Thanks to all who came out last night, brought friends, danced, and supported quality, original music. Next stop: the Mann.
I was just discussing this issue with a colleague yesterday. Funny that I'm re-reading this again now.
With the new Empire book coming out for #warhammer, what unit are you most looking forward to? Demigryph Knights for me!
U GOT IT WANNA DO SUM WORK WITCHA MY GUY
Just remembered to log into Pidgin. I really need to work on that.
Being sick fucking sucks :(
just trying to help MANKIND
Does anyone have an extra "Don't $%$$ with Wisconsin" sticker? I wanted to send one to John Axford for a contest.
So with you. And wondering at what point do you just give up on trying to get anything done and go outside and play?
What a fun weekend of live music, birthday party's, and new friends! We are closed today for Easter. Monday, we open w/wine tasting at 4pm.
Keep on dreamin, even if it breaks your heart <3
Thanks for following sexy. ;)
: It has already started my G. 347 249 9441
I have the keyboard cat song as my ringtone. #coolcat :3
idk you looking at my ass right now, actions speak louder than words.
Check It Out! With Dr. Steve Brule
alright, now. Lol
Morning, how's everyone doing?
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Our CEO Kathleen Feely heads to Santa Fe this week for the NGA conf. She will speak on "Using Tech to Improve Human Services" Stay tuned!
Canton Texas with
At iSummit2012 talking about "the quad": public/private/academic/nonprofit partnerships creating innovation hubs, rethinking cities
Did you know? "Keauhou" means A New Beginning. We love that! Everyone can begin anew with a relaxing stay !
Let's all get hammered in the great hall and then go duel people tomorrow!
HomeMade Banana Pudding with Whipped Cream!.....True Story!
When your partner tells you that ‘you’re #fucking #awesome!’ is that just a way to compliment themselves?
Last guy on earth that's why u had to settle for a high schooler! Cake face? Wow lol like u know me or how much makeup I wear I would still
i heart RT : Rich Wolf is super smart. And he adapted our #UIC mobility app to #ir12 this morning, for kicks
only personal until some A-Hole comes along & makes money on it!! I feel bad for you. But only for that. You seem fortunate.
thank you! Metro area - Royal Oak.
man im bout to in a min.
Seeger: "We have an ethical and moral obligation to talk to ppl who are different from us."
Thanks for the follow and whenever you need your next smog check we are here to help
haha love you too
haha :) is going with will?
Mean muggin in a minnie van....~.~
even me :( lol
Love running on an hour of sleep
My favorite college memory is wacking it off in the girls bathroom, listening to girls talk while I do it.
follow back please?
.... the god damn nerve of some birds.
Merry Christmas to all Russian family and friends. Yes, tis the day to be merry Russian style. Tree lights back on... Shampoo...
RT : RT unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion. ~ John F. Kennedy
BYU gonna pretty good the next few years when the 2 kids from Lone Peak HS get there
Her and her buddy got cake... One slice ain't ever hurt nobody... Leeeegooo
unless your the mother of a ucon or butler player you know that game was BBBBAAADDDD!!
Epson, Canon, HP, Lexmark, Xerox and all leading manufacturers of inkjet and toner cartridges
Today is the absolute worst day of my life. Must find strength.
RT : The silver lining: New England looks seriously flawed. My Falcons have a real shot in two weeks.
don't worry, I'll be there soon and he'll have me to torment with his
Storm up ahead!
Oh God, 'Written in the Stars' again? I'm having bad flashbacks to the baseball playoffs.
I feel sick to my stomach I feel like and era just ended 😨
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love those paid programming shows on tv, I love my magic bullet lol
Just finish working out
You're welcome! Thanks for all your support! RT : thanks for all of your great enthusiasm this season.
WHY IS IT COLD?!!
Pollan brought cereals, "the original convenience food," drinks for the "cognitive decline" market, and white whole wheat Wonder bread.
There are two Argentinian restaurants within four blocks of my house. So, yeah, I'm doing alright for myself.
": Just whooped on in Wii bowling...sorry, mom!" Whooped is a strong word for a 5 pt win I think.
": Not feeling like going to practice later" you acting like its gonna be hard
Who knew- Fess Prker makes wines and damn good ones. Love their Frontier Red table wine.
Not personally but would be happy to look into it if you're interested.
Euthanized today was Achilles, pit-bull killer of Clifford Wright, its 74-year-old owner. The dog's end came at the Santa Fe Animal Shelter.
smh black folk...
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show at 10:30 PM EST Chat while you watch!!
Let me know if you'd ever like to learn a little more about Plink. Online-to-Offline (O2O) marketing is a growing trend.
no change!!! : again I am sickened by #chase customer support and overall service. Where is the actual cust. care?
dont point me towards tht water bottle again
draw something
Kramerbooks & Poets, Matchbox, or Ted's Bulletin
Great night! Not heading to #RiverNorth at all, sleep here I come! #socialsandi prevails.
what does it say I haven't even thought about checking the weather
thanks boo
yes! i'm in la soon too. would be fun to catch up!
Im the only white girl in 2nd period right now tho.
just registered for #NJLA2012 ! See you next month, AC!
your beats are ill yo... Keep it going
hen the job of the advertiser is to create brand awareness and get the name out there. When someone is buying a product
Good morning Malaysia!! And a special good morning to u :) RT : Good morning from Malaysia mdm Teemaree :)
I live in Indiana and no I haven't!!!:)
Rangers OF Josh Hamilton hit his 16th and 17th HRs of the season against the Angels. Hamilton is hitting a .407 BA with 40 RBIs.
Also keep up with tonight's performance by following our live tweets!
Don't mention that part about the DRM. That could make them mad at you. ;-)
When in doubt braid it out
About to play battle of the bands at SF State... Excited!
Mila Kunis Announced As The New Face of Dior After recently starring in Hollywood smash 'Black Swan' and taking on a leading role alongsi
Todays motto. Vision to victory. Youve seen it now achieve it
“A TRUE RELATIONSHIP has tears 😪 fights👊 trust💑 faith👫 pain💔 arguments👿 patience😁 jealously😒 and most importantly LOVE ❤”
That's a good-lookin' group of guys!
Thanks for the support! Credit to Oakland Tech for the awesome website :D
currently checking plane tickets for kentucky. i need to see my friend
Who wants to live forever: those who do not believe in the hereafter
is STILL lookin' for a new roommate! GET AT ME!
Still good to converse with. He's pretty liberal, but that really doesn't mean a lot here. But an intelligent man, Reasonable.
I'm 100% gullible and horrible at all things grammar related.
Hoping we can get a few people from the new to check out our event 5/1 at !
I love you too hunni!!
in at seven today !!!!
you know you're old when your kid twitters about the ridiculous things you say...
nope. This is it to my knowledge
A!!!!! My kids are driving me nuts this morning! They just keep fighting!
Congrats to Hart Publishing! 2 of their authors were awarded the 2011 SLS Peter Birks Prize for Outstanding Legal Scholarship. (cont...)
Bina this week<<
i wonder if their neighbor is the hover round lady?
At the same damn time!
Do not feed your cat ice cream. No matter how much she begs just dont do it.
But I feel like I often hear it in contexts (e.g. during Romney's speech) where it's something else.
LoL Show me the fabric, and ideas of what it should look like since you're the expert. I'm looking into dance classes. ;p
I think the world wanted us to be bestfriends
over 100 cappers posting service plays to view free today and 5 cons. in the 3 bowl games and Dal & Ov in the NFL so far with more to come
1 more week and i will be in Jacksonville, Florida
We will be open for class only on Mon and Tues this week
Start the New Year off right! Make money and eat healthy with little effort! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
's Exec Director Tammie Kahn introduces #Houston Mayor Annise Parker
once your parents hear your bed squeak they know you're not a virgin no more
But you do now. Hahaha.
Do explain. RT : I have complicated feelings about panels.
Wow I'm tired. I'm going to need a keg of Red Bull to get through this day.
you look so gorgeous Ashley!
thank you! Everything has been processed and we encourage you to visit or talk to us =) *True Compliments
Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed...
Finna call HIM!!
great question.
Sucks when you grow apart little by little with someone you used to be so close to
“: Some bad officiating today”actually pretty unreal how bad it is.
“: I will probably see Titanic 3D at least 50 times.
At the end of Q1, all tied at 20
I forgot other people are still working...:)
Celebrating our anniversary tonight. Contemplating if I should throw on a blazer or just keep it shirt and tie...
I did babe.. Check it
Would you want to part of an experiment about fear? Do you think you are man enough?
Dancing in the rain (:
Loved the RC years. Ran the program with class and dignity
Enjoying my day off and meeting up with Marcus Strickland later to talk bizness.
NO THIS IS PATRICK
I gotta go bbl ;)
"Aww they're the cutest ever!!" -Every woman ever on a child they see.
