Your statement tires me.
how is the new gig?
Oh wow, I think we have the same fridge.
Ha, he's about my height. Maybe a little taller. Can't say i knew him too well. Knew his brother (who graduated w/ me) better
Welcome to the maddness, girl!
lets see a pic of the new plane
I didn't do anything though
no problem.
there are a bunch of "boxers" there?
They were argueing Thursday and like 3 said cotto. Or however you spell it.
This evening I was told I need to tone down the snark. Sorry guys. For me it's just
Just passed Obama on the freeway. He's driving a KIA.
We all have a gift and a talent. Some of us just haven't tapped into it yet. #fact!
Dont want to go to school....nachos
Yes RT Made a latte with chocolate almond milk & it was good. Anyone wish more milk options were available at coffee shops?
Make today count bc you will never get it back.....BOOM!!!
I am confused, depressed, and having a panic attack all at the same time...
clinical stories can also be engaging & reinforce key points in a memorable way if have emotional impact
Why must these discussions start two seconds after a defeat?You always say things you don't mean when angry.
Vincent IT won e-Book project it has all iBook feature and allow to publish book and ePub and Pdf format.
can i produce your next hit single? RT : Rockin out EMP with and Hello new girl band!
He got tagged for 6 runs, so into the 6th at least. I haven't watched yet either.
Do you have what it takes to start your own Small Business Advertising Agency? Message me for details...
so....fuck marketing.
So true! That's a good one. I am going to RT.
Yes! I can't believe it. :)
So important to make some "me time!" Try to find 15-30 minutes a day.
#Anchorman sequel? Yes, please.
I don't think the robots would like that very much. I'd like to avoid provoking them if at all possible.
Me too.
“: “: What a great end to the tour with I love these dudes & the music they make.” // you 2 rule
I'm back at the united center again can u believe it lol
Sawg to the fifth
RT : at Harlot. Our producer B kicking out the jams and playing tracks off their new album. Nice chill night out.
hard work really shows!!!! Great work!!!!
I'm addicted!!!
Awesome! Hi to your #English569 students, and tell them to check out #CynthiaSelfe's amazing chair!
where you at ?
hmm... I see who wears the pants in the family. Do you also own a Matt Ryan jersey? I thought you used to be a cheese maker?
I'm so bored. Fuck! N turned my phone OFF. I guess I can't live life without MY phone :(
Got yelled @ by clerk @ Water St Hotel, Port Townsend WA. 2hrs late=evil behind her bad knees, sobriety, low blood sugar. Who knew? WOW
your cell phone can't be used as a mouse either.
I wish twitter had a little button that said press if your in a relationship <3
RT “: RT "The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art." ~John Lasseter
Is it wrong for me to like C.J. Watson...he's still a raw talent, but I think he could become one of the best backup pgs in the league
in life ...not every hill has a latter.
Got old family slides converted by local supported workshop--will be gifting copies throughout the family--just amazing to see them again
Go follow now! Or jump of a cliff, your choice. ^-^
Ruskin quote of the day: "Raise the men as high as you can, and then let them stoop as low as you need; no great man ever minds stooping."
Happy Veterans Day!!!! Thank you for all those Military families past & present that gives us our freedom!!
Thanks for the follow!
Awesome! Can't wait to see them!
Baby bro!!!
Much love new love real love tough love but its all love here
I've cultivated a bad habit of cracking my knuckles.
How blessed am I to be walking through the Upper West Side on a beautiful almost-Spring evening? I get to live in the city of my dreams
honestly I'm probably gunna come back Thursday and pretend its not over
Thank u for your wonderful support! :)
Me too RT :I wanna go to ATL
Thanks! :D
We want to thank everyone again for coming out March 1st for our grand opening! April 5 is around the corner! Dont 4get 2 DRESS 2 IMPRESS!
It's been a shit week for everyone.
One Direction <3
I'm pretty sure that I'm high off of all of the strawberries I just ate
Thanks for following me Senator Franken, big fan.
Got that right! RT according to those calculations, i only have to live about 100 days without you. thank goodness i'm a cougar.
< Please validate through truetwit and I will be happy to return the love
I heard the Packers are talking to the Bears about having to play games in Los Angeles. Oh wait, that's not a draft rumor...
So excited to see #TheHungerGames today! Won't be as good as the books though.
fish is good for your brains
Your children's reliance on rigidity & routine helps them to predict & manage
#Dewey's Rick Climan and group of four other partners go to Weil Gotshal, according to my story online.
"The danger is not that our aim is too high and we miss, but that it is too low and we reach it." Michelangelo
Did you know? Drinking tea during a meal helps block fat absorption by 25%. We have top grade loose leaf teas for your healthy habits.
Hey man, I messaged you about your set fire to the rain remix earlier? What's good?
The #GoodWife is getting into the #twitter #hashtag phenom with #KalindasPast, they would've really killed it with #KalindasFlexible, LOL
eat something, amateur coffee drinker.
What part of which meeting minutes? Regardless, I'm interested. BTW Nice online internship slides
awesome. Enjoy the game as best as you can. I'm sure KD will put on a show. Everyone does when they stop at NJ, right?
Get ready chicago! Sobe extensions is coming to town! Come check us out at the America beauty show!
is so funny hahahahahaha
“: lilq824 it's all about dem lakers tho” Hockey > basketball...But I see your point :)
SO close to just giving up. Fuck it. My life isn't worth shit..
Letting go of u was one of the hardest things I've had to do
what's going on down by Edgewater? Lots of cops and all blocked off
you... YOU KILLED US ALL
I am a songwriter..what's up
Just watched Home Alone for the first time now I know why loves this movie
Thank you so much for following back! Wish you a wonderful weekend!
No form of the pole shift hypothesis is accepted amongst the general scientific community.
My friends success amazes me. From rock stars to government leaders, they are proof that you are responsible for your own fate, good or bad.
See you 4 Jun HQ--seeking to engage with the #collcons community more deeply!
Hey I'm gonna go have dinner now, bbl, Denver plays tonight!
Reggie miller
im sending it right now.
the fake weapons are my absolute favorite.
I don't give a fuck bout shit. Fuck a bitch get a hoe drop a dime get a doe eenie meenie manie mo
Thanks for following my tweets, look forward to following you too and be encouraged in the faith. Be blessed! Cindy K
D'oh! It's always the fine print that gets you.
Herman Cain Plan B: Deny, Justify, Spin and Attack. I love this guy.
Exactly ;-) I can say that this is one rough looking group of Mozillians today (exception: the stolen tiger)
Shhhhhhh… that’s the sound of nobody caring about what you think.
Better see y'all at the agency social tonight!
Thank you for the follow back. Does your business spend a lot on tolls? Think it's too much?
Wondering how I can find more sustained time for writing. Was hoping for a uni-tasking day, but will probably have to downgrade to multi-
OH Now I want CalTort.
I don't want to go to work. I don't want to pack. I just feel like laying in bed al day
The #Icy didn't dull the pain, and the #Hot certainly isn't relaxing it away, but the feeling of my neck on fire is taking my mind off it.
love this pic
oh not at all! I'm just super excited to see this!
Text "ENVY" to 46786 and you'll get messages with our drink specials, event info, and FREE COVER offers each weekend! :)
i guess that #Hogwarts online degree didnt pay off after all
Fact of the Day: is the second-longest tenured Packer on the current roster. (Behind )
you and are adorable. JUST SO ADORABLE
Very fun surprise twist for you guys next week.
so Uhh, please don't leave the let's be the scariest D that nfl films will show 10 yrs from now.
remind Guests it is "President" Obama. Never Barack, Obama or Barack Obama. All presidents are part of this club.
This tuesday on #leadfromwithin chat on PVI-Model (perception, visibility and influence with Joel Garfinkle 8pm est.
thats good! u need to go out. u deserve it ^_^
im on xbox live and this guy is talking shit playing gears of war 2 so i leave from him 4 16 seconds and he gets ambushed by thirty aliens
who got you!!!!
Finally relaxing after a long day of work
here's a tweet for u!
i saw that tweet a few days ago too. How u gonna go n on somebody without 1st having elementary spelling skills?!
come over then !! Lol
Get fired up about it bro, I always enjoy the work week emails about baseball keep em up
defintely love the movement, but is it possible to skip the "Buy Now" prior to getting to the "Add to Cart" button?
good idea... Am heading out to breakfast with an old friend and then to frolic in the woods! Enjoy your day!
My motto for 2012 is.... stay focus on the goal, success is the key!
That's just not right, Kevin. She needs to fulfill her duties as First Lady. Meet & Greet, pressing palms....that kinda thing!
getting a code out to our winners soon, stay tuned!
Majestic Bay in Ballard is ad-free!
that can't be revealed
Hug your favorite Coastie or police officer tonight. Thinking of those law enforcement and military families in Kodiak and Greenland, NH.
2 out of 3 years sitting/standing next to you at Easter services! Χριστός Ανεστι!!
Good morning love, I'm doing just great! How are you?
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
Giving back to your community will stregthen your soul.
lol, yeah pretty much geeking out ;) what did u think?
if not even your birthday... oh way yes it is HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY, now "Cheers, Lets Drink To That"!
A No Limit bad beat was hit for $61,600! Congrats to the lucky 'loser'!
and I were together when we received this tweet
why did my mom just hand me 100 dollars for food if im only ordering for myself .. is that a fat joke
Sr. Policy Advisor for Education, Zakiya Smith, shares the administration's focus on college affordability and school counseling
getting ready to launch our new 2012 collection. cool eco-friendly apparel, ready to wear tees, tanks N hoodies and sweet hats and beanies.
Of course your not your a great one :)
Is Oregon in?
Lack of coordinated care is "probably the primary reason why we cannot manage costs on people who have multiple morbidities," - Ira...
U.P. roadtrip in full affect.
welcome 2 baltimore
My mother said: "Just wait till you grow up...you'll understand." Now that I'm grown up, I do understand...and I was warned. - Angela Oberer
Learn about a great way to keep an emergency dose of aspirin. My article is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Happy #RecordStoreDay, As if I needed a excuse to go record shopping. Hoping to find Uncle Tupelo 7" set & Grace Potter's Live Sun Studio LP
Today is a new day! If you want change, then right now is the time! Do not wait for tomorrow cause tomorrow may not come!
Yeah, she could have at least acknowledged the purpose.
That is the plan. You?
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQs Best Danceclub
Well, it is out and about again..Ft. Collins, Colo Sprs., Grand Junction, Calif....
Potential deal? Trading an end for disclose limits for full c(4) transparency?
Appetizer...fried green tomatoes or crab cakes!! One of our favorite restaurants!
Just spent time with the most energizing panel of ladies...and it's a Friday of all days!! They rock. Thx and Sarah Irvin ;)
New songs sound great! I can't wait to hear them live.
well that's GREET
whenever i see caution tape around a house, i automatically think someone got murderedD:
introducing my niece to Singin' in the Rain, she can't stop saying "I can't stan him"
I can't believe OKC is gonna do Dallas like this.
what's up lady
#HappyBirthdayLauren I love you (:
Went from depressed to ecstatic with that goal.
looking good!
Surprised and Lovitz treatment. I'm with . The office of the president is not the same with nobama. Right on, Jon!
You know some toddler's first word was Google.
T.I.R.E.D Plus, our meet is on Monday! Home Game((: #Excited&Sore
Skittles must be getting hundreds of free dollars of advertising during the 4th qtr of this game
it is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for something you are not.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What kind of genre are you? Just shut up and listen okay? Thanks
shid its just gone have to be dead lol
I watched the first 15 minutes, only so I could see scenes of next week's The Walking Dead.
I wonder how many people in the crowd at the #GRAMMYS are #trippingballs right now...
Nothing but hassles and work today. Probably the worst Leap Day in years.
Imma be honest, right now it's mostly skin tight stuff but I promise Imma look at for you and get things in very soon!
Who do you love...are u for suuurrreeee #llcoolJ bringing back the NY summer songs
- ONE YEAR REMOVED FROM 19 GOALS FOR BARCE? GET A CLUE
I do have a soft spot for Skylar. I like her spiciness. Didn't see the show tonight, was Jessica bottom 3?
I've had written 9 pgs. of social media content in 3 hours. I have a case of
what festival?
5 Japanese restaurants (TFT member stores) are participating in Japanese New Year Celebration at Washington Plaza Hotel tomorrow (11am-3pm)!
lmao, I okay britt (; I got some rope we can.use :D
Manchester Utd at 9 followed by Chiefs at noon. I love Boxing Day Football!
We just added a new blog entry
Tonight: LE BOOM! with Freddy Todd & Dr Soundsystem , 9p.
Although he fought valiantly against pancreatic cancer, it claimed Patrick Swayze's life in 2009, 21 months after diagnosis.
you made me smile a whole hour early.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
"You guys look great in gold, have I told you that?" - Mr. White. I've always loved this film Tom!
I have an interview there Saturday haha
There really is no need to boo the Canadian anthem
Thank you! Just praying he is strong & healthy since he will most likely be coming a few weeks before due date.
That was 1653 beers ago:)
She's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand like a lizard on a window pane.
yea.. I didn't get half the junk on there.. It has maybe 2 ?'s from 2nd semester...
Being a mom is much more than giving birth, anyone can do that. It's nurturing, caring, & the little things that make you a mom.
RT : Don't forget to enter today's contest! Tell us why you #buylocal art and food for a chance to win 2 tix to the...
The dude makin out with this person outside has NO idea she's pre-op.
“: I think I'm allergic to Detroit. Maybe Michigan as a whole. #Strugglin'” Any advice?
Big THANKS to everyone who has purchased our album on iTunes!! Much Love! Peace and God Bless
pleasee!!!!! follow me i love you!
I'll pound on your door , as the hotel does not have room service to wake you up. Save travels... Wow.
Heading to LA today. Sunday, 3/11, I'll be a guest at The Crystal Cathedral and The Hour of Power-Signing books on the Plaza all morning! JK
Y'all follow my folk cool people wit good tweets
#bandsilove THE BAND PERRY
please follow me!(; I love you please folloe
When after all it's just a compromise of the things we do for love.
Glad she could help! You are now followed back so DMs should work for any other inquiries.
Waiting for advisor edits is tough. I want to keep working but I also want to go to sleep.
Walking past a bunch of dogs.. Me: Bark if I'm sexy ! ;D *Dogs start barking* : haha, bark if I'm sexy?! -awkward silence-
Swag is attitude. Not style.
the email on your page is where i can send some tracks to?
Well Guys... I'm about to have some plain ass oatmeal for breakfast.
i have to stay alive
#schoolmemories when me and mar would sing Cody Simpson all day
You mean... You would defy nature for me?
In San Antonio. Cool place. Just had some excellent mex food!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy :') Dale que desde que los conozco me hacen feliz♥ :3
Broke heel on boot heading to #windowsphone event. Big dash home to change shoes.
You could try a yoga mat over your carpet.
Feeling alone in your bankruptcy situation? Consider this: in 2010, over 1.5 million Americans declared bankruptcy.
i know it's hard to believe, but there was a time when dennis miller was actually funny. and smart. #proofofalienabduction?
The worst part about traffic is that you can't pick your nose because people are stopped next to you, bored and staring.
of my tummy?! Ew its gross lol. i'll text you one!you should get yours done(:
wow its like i dont know you anymore
HAHAHAHHA YUP FOLLOW ME
do you do anything to get the wave or is it natural? Xx
I like the idea. The mic should be IN the pit. Somebody talk to David Lynd about this.
#ShinSooChoo got nailed on a 1-2 pitch w/ 2 down and men on the corners. #Indians up 1-0. Will #UbaldoJimenez drill somebody?
Im on skype now... just joined, an im worried about the possible security breaches i could leave my phone vulnerable to
Education remarks seen as warning
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
I ponder the thought of living in Olympia Washington as well as Maine or Rhode Island........;]
LOL GO NITE NITE AND DONT GET GUM IN YA HAIR GOT TO STAY FLY
where r u located? I am in williamsburg va. Is that your scentsy mkt?
hey, dm me your number so I can text you the room number when I get it!
As someone who doesn't have HBO and has never seen an episode of Lena Dunham's "Girls," I've read way more about it than I should have.
Sell Google - Lot of Heat, Not Much Light
Oh yes! A fav - Is 56:1 Maintain justice and do what is right for my salvation is close at hand..righteousness..revealed.
Great morning so far! usually makes the Internet laugh (I can has cheezburger?) but today he made us think.
I need a vacation from this thing we call life
Great hustle by Brust there to get in position for the charge from across the lane.
inspiring presentation; thank you for sharing your story!
there really should be a shazam app for all things
Did cut his hair?
Just flew through 11/22/63 myself. Let me be another unafraid to praise the great Stephen King.
hi sweetie c:
If the grandfather of the grandfather of Jesus had known what was hidden within him, he would have stood humble and awe-struck b
Let's go tell them that
WONDERFUL opening night! I had a blast on that stage!
Time for another Hop On Top bar tab giveaway at Wolski's compliments of #chameleonbeer...Start trending and 1 lucky follower will win!
Closed today - Attending Lees Beer & Tequila Experience...
THANK YOU!!
I want to go out like Stephen saying, "Lord, receive my spirit."
It looks like there's MF cum on these jeans.
and you dropped a hashtag.
Greetings Dr. Eddy. Thank you for following. Thanks as well for lending and sharing your medical expertise. Best wishes always
Giving my eyes a break from contacts #glasses #foureyes (:
Datts why I stay to myself cause niggas do be bugging
You really need to try this thing! So tasty! RT Peanut butter oreo cheesecake? You're killin me here
Less flaky wi-fi in DC -- only half an hour before we start loading for the big flight
Omni, Driskill. Probably depends on your budget.
starbucks from my best friend makes for a good day 👍
I mean I guess I'll live lol
I was already bummed about the debt crisis and the tragedy in Norway, but now that I'll never see Winehouse sing I'm deep in the doldrums...
Jay-Z announces "Budweiser Made in America" Fest for United Way Greater Philadelphia & Southern New Jersey
agreed. My Android is down to 65 percent battery . It's only 11:45
Maybe for Christmas I
Katy on bravo this Thursday can't wait
Great day of shooting with AAG Health today!..Picking up again next week to continue our shots..
Thanks! Strange that we wait so long for "experiences" isn't it?
Aug Sat 31 ’13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue $7m
I know. Tell him I said hi 😄
Getting notifications from ppl who u RT and feelinn sad :(
Thanks for the RT!
I love beets
Just looked at Slate. Format's annoying, but the exchange steers clear of pronouncements & so strikes me as more interesting.
life isn't well at the moment.. :(
Being ignored by people you care about. Thanks for showing me that u don't.
Whitney houston is dead.
Slakey's use of Joe Louis' quote is perfect: "You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough."
Last week I worked for Styx this week I work for Lyle Lovett ....
I'm officially an uncle
haha obviously you do!!! Want 230 more??? I can arrange that.
Thanks so much #guacstar RT : no problem..y'all have great food..!
My mom will always make the best pb&j sandwiches.
oh no.... were you bitten by a Microsoft employee?
Just redid my resume. I'd hire the shit out of me.
/// Honestly, you guys KNEW who was gonna fuck up tho...
yes! RT : What needs! RT : New Asian restaurant "Fresh 50" coming -> former Spinelli's -> Gay & High.
#obama looks more like Jimmy Carter every day. #Romney looks more like Reagan. Keep it up #obama2012 team.
you should tell your roomie to Fuck off, that sounds English as first language to me
When was the last time that you painted a wall?
when you talk to him tell him I said hey!
Hahaha its alright
#YoureTheReason why...i'm in love with u... <3 :3
Thanks to everyone who came out for Farragut North. Spring show announcement coming soon.
Today is a very special day for us . You gotta let love rule
In Cleveland where St. Pat's Day is huge, a parade and church services, and I have nothing green!
Didn't know it was sluttish to wear sweatpants
Manning jersey ftw
I'll DM it to you .
up alone. gotta go to sleep.
Just out here picking the range in a tornado. No big deal.
Y my lil sistah book tho she funny I died laughing
I can't wait for the other superhero movies! The #Avengers was amazing!
We touch I feel the rush...
enjoyed pitching #DEMO12. visit us in the pavilion: booth A2 to hear how we are making commercial real estate leasing easier.
hey its a song i found like way in 2008 i finnaly post one up
We stopped at Adrenaline Bikes in LA and they had an amazing selection of high end frames and bikes. Just look at the wall of eye candy!...
thas cool ;b
Jules I can use a hat as well, I play tennis outside year round, maybe a Giants Blue Hat :)
Giddy up!
that's cute of sugar
Some #40k fiends are down here playing! Come join in on the fun! Scream WAAAGGHHHH! and receive an additional 5% off your purchase!
So I doubt this Sandusky stuff will go away... Buy your favorite PSU fan a T-shirt for Christmas
Bed time :)
thanks for the follow pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
I want to see water for elephants!!
If it's the end, so so sad. RT : Mariano Rivera with torn ACL.
Had a conversation about Community at work. My boss continually referred to it as "Paint Ball School"
Mark Zuckerberg Remains the Undisputed Boss at Facebook
its soo annoying when people make conversations they had with someone as their Facebook status. lol
I've never been to Boots on a night where more than 3 people are here. STRANGEST DEMOGRAPHIC EVER.
Where is my biggest support base? Tweet "(Your State/Country) Loves Nicholas Tetreault" and I might just RT! ;)
No hangover after drinking a fifth of tequila last night. Yeah, ilk be drinking that everyday. Jose just became my new bestfriend.
"The world is divided into people who do things, and people who get the credit."
I'll actually be in your neighborhood tomorrow. Will bring the leftovers.
those are great shoes. I'm going to eastview tomorrow so expect pics :)
oh your going cause college cost...lol
happy, happy birthday, Mark. Get veronica to spoil you big time! Enjoy your day!
I went for Austin Peyton and Dylan and then met Cody
Did I just see the Newsroom dancing to #CallMeMaybe, vídeo to come!
#iUsedToLikeYouBut then you sucked
Oh, you and your *facts* ;)
you know what you never hear, too few black people
Your spirit is not your religion, but your open-hearted, true self -
anyone know how to correct my 2k twitter issue? I know have a little bit of time to fix it
"Some succeed because they are destined to. Others succeed because they are determined to.”
Just wrapping up the shoot with ! Tune to at 1:00 to see more!
Thanks for the shout out, we appreciate it!
I am such an Anglophile. Watching Touch of Frost on Netflix.
look for broken earrings or anything like that
ahahaha i be driving people!
Kid's sleepin' like a champ, which means I got a bit of paperwork done. Will he be still enough to allow the completion of an NEA app?
where u been head ain't seen u n a minute
“: It was our delight to interview you. Thank you for taking the time to share your wisdom”
When it's warm enough to go out in a dress and sandals>>>>>
No, but he most certainly does when your cat ruins your hot date by eating all of your lasagna©
Would I hate Prince Feilder if he wasn't a #brewer? Not sure.
Damn my uncle is connected my political career looks very promising after talking to him
will be teaching a memoir workshop abt what conditions make memoir possible. or impossible.
listening to my sister and her boyfriend fight.. or even talk for that matter ..is so mind numbing I think I get stupider
You're getting your panties in a wad because I retweeted something that I agreed with?You should look into getting thicker skin
i will never leave you ive been an enchancer since u were on the Ellen show...ENCHANCER 4 LIFE BABY:)
haha I'll sneak you in my suitcase!(:
Got an award for Language Arts:)
Going for an evening bike ride with the lovely Lani F down by the river. Looking forward for a cool glass of wine along the way.
Good Night Everyone! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
I'm bored.
Wow. Chelsea grab a goal at the very end of the fist half. Barca is gonna bring it now
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
off into the night!
I'm not giving up yet! I think if I try harder I may still be able to get a B in #JMS481. That's my goal, anyway.
I'm invited to celebrate persian new years. Where is persia?
Wait, I change my mind i want the Jets and the Broncos.
1st rate presentations by Speakers Boehner, Pelosi and Hastert at celebration of the bicentennial of Henry Clay's election as House Speaker.
break legs!
If you download the Justin.TV app you should be able to watch the streaming version on your iPhone now.
our friend Chanel le Meaux goes a lot on jazz nights, might see her sing.
Its only right ! ;)
Self-love seems so often unrequited. ~Anthony Powell
The birds sound lovely this morning.
if u gotta ask u already know
Dear coworker - your back issues are karma for how shitty you talk to your wife on the phone at work... where we can all hear you.
I've yelled out "Shh cats!" more than I ever thought possible in the last 4 hours. (not referring to the musical...)
it takes consistency.
OMG I love you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You are right on and so well spoken. I'm so behind you.
Everyone needs beauty as well as bread, places to play and pray, where nature heals and give strength to body and soul alike – John Muir
Chocolate Monkey rooibos tea blend by Art of Tea is just plain addicting!
And a scholarly paper I shall write.
RT : "Oh, I accidentally smoked crack with the piano player of this band on my 21st birthday."
First day at work went great today! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
sitting her bouncing my head 2 Jdawg the young hogg (^_^)/
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
Meanwhile, PHI-CHI is gonna come down to the wire. 74-73 #Bulls with over 3 min. left in the game.
I was drunk last night. I apologies for the spam.
Thanks for your order! We don't formally charge the CC until the order is submitted to & passes compliance. Sorry for confusion!
Today is going to be a good day, and nothing will bring me down.
I'm too nervous!!!!
forgot to tell you that Cam aka ( GAY) died yesterday! & Jacob buried him :(
Over $150 million for The movie is not starving anymore
my face is so fucking red. lmao.
RT Listening to lovely Cole Porter's song from 'Midnight in Paris' performed by Conal Fowkes. Damn spring, they're adorable. ♥
RT : Letterman: "Cheney said he wants to live long enough to make sure nobody else gets health care."
STORY OF MY LIFE !
But for the record, already censored and removed my feedback
#nms30 This is great
It has been a great day thanks for response
No. Never saw it. I understand if you need to cut me off.
The Tupac hologram is insane
Lauren, I love you! Your so beautiful and your voice is so powerful!! Keep on sangin girl! :)
I did too. I would get looks of sympathy from people in traffic. They didn't understand that I was driving ironically.
i'm sexy and yes, i do know it.
Thank you!
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find out how you feel about me.
Usually reserve comment on coaching since, as fans, we don't get paid to make decisions. But, WOW! How do u not call a TO there?
What was once there can easily be gone!!!!
lol too funny how does he know who u r lol
On top of it I have work :(
OK, maybe Jim Johnson is going to come out and show if he's a closer now. Patton gives up gives up two-run home run to Willingham. 4-2.
That sounds wonderful! Wish I could go. :)
RT : If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
ingrown nail on my clicking thumb
Next, I get six hours of sleep, then ride in a plane to Austin.
ha fa sho !
RT : #TheLastOfUs from #NaughtyDog looks amazing. Sony may have another hit on their hands
Just changed our background to the custom art created for 33 in Austin by the kickass Check it out!
You can sit on the sidelines or you can get into the ring. Our are choosing to fight back
congrats Royce!!
oh, thanks. I'll listen to that
rain rain rain rain
i always have to get revenge or else i wont feel satisfied Lol gotta get even, ya know?
So agree about other !
You comin to the show on Jan 28th yo?
Oldies music on the bus
make it nasty;)
Bikes, hopefully!
It’s thirsty Thursday folks! Happy hour 4-7. Get down to Brady Street!
Yay for you! AND yay for all the cool travel you have coming up. Have fun!
oh dear, for me it is
hahaha I think the concert we went to was Jay Es high point, he was like why make more music now that Zach and Shammas are fans.
He has inside jokes with people he has never met before, and has won awards on his game face alone.
Yep rockin' the Indy Mini Marathon Saturday!
hope to do so, see our site for more info, you can also apply once you register with us, let me know if you need anything
I almost just made a peanut butter and spaghetti sauce sandwich. Glad this week is ending.
you'll love it. Your time will come and when it does you better tell me about it.
Prime example on why idont like the police
Ice cream and Star Trek in bed is what.
that u in ya avi???
How can I make my site look the same in different versions of the same browser? My problem is w/ one image. Otherwise, everything works fine
“: A prostitute just waved at me.” That free wave was worth at least 10 bucks!
How the heck am I fitting work into this week!?
70 degrees at 6:30am in #roc reminds me of Louisiana mornings in ... January.
Shoutie?? I would appreciate it ♥ ♥Bretana♥
with 'news' outlets like feax and cnn (aka controlled news network) can you blame us for seeking truly unbiased news?
To young! To die! To fast! To live! Comedy? Presents Variety comes to once again this Sat. December 10 @ 10:30 only $6! -A.M.
Who's Really Writing Your Friends' Facebook Updates? - BuzzFeed
RT : met u at can I get a RT? #tatted// awesome!
Really hoping and make it to the launch this Saturday! will be there too!
it is just now starting on TNT
I'll be following everyone who is following
: Wango Tango today...can't wait!!
Is it mean to name a dog "Taxi"?
oh wow when was this
Hehe, good thing you're home to take care of that lady.
NPR API pretty comprehensive from content through next steps
That scuffle was the most exciting thing I've seen in the last half hour.
Drawing to be on deadliest catch for a day?! Done and done.
I didn't know John Goodman was a sound mixer.
Pey Pey Pey! i'm here, could i get a follow back from you plz? :D <3 <3
It seems like Disney really shies away from full-frontal male nudity for some reason...
Pretty funny that H Rosen's gaffe (such as it is) is being used agst Obama, whom she vigorously opposed and has basically no connection to.
#mpmf We are going on in 20 at the Cincinnati club room!
is writing an essay for a scholarship...I need this one and a few others too!
He who is brave is free - Seneca.
Are you ready for the Broad Ripple #Art Fair in #Indy next weekend? Don't forget to stop by Marsh for your discount tix this week.
Just got up and getting dressed so I can head back to the hospital.... PRAYING FOR MY CUZZIN!!
Tyra banks and drake are dating? PAHAHA! 😂
Say hello to my relatives in Svidník (and our family village of Hrabovčík, just outside Svidník.
lol thats what I have teddy bears for <3
Nielsen Data: In the week ending 1-7-12 #wines under $6 were up 2%, wines between $9-$12 were up over 10% and wines $20 and over were up 11%
hurry I'm dozing off :(
I am the Walrus... coo coo cachooo!
Dudar is back here didn't even travel. :-(
It helps in games where breaking down opponents defense is tough. If the regular isnt working, switching it up will give us an edge
@ @ I would say you are smoking crack if you support Barry Soetero.
Through our partnership with Hope Heart Institute & our Women’s Health offices, Franciscan will be at Tacoma Mall’s Mom’s Night Out on 5/10
just finished my last sociology test!! I hope I did good!
Everybody glad skool out???
Thank you, it was a good run though. Take care.
good morning 😄
- Tonight at #O'garas in St. Paul. 8:00 - The Adam Meckler Jazz Orchestra. See you there!
If your a guy and more then 75% of your pictures is the duck face, vete
Just started working on something very very exciting. Stay tuned.
idk its so expensive, its bs.
Mike Bend!!!! What dey do?!
lol potato couch xp
"There's no suing app on your iPhone."
THE CONCERT WAS AMAZING<3
Mark your calendar for #GAPreKWeek Oct 1-5. also celebrates 20 yrs serving kids and families this fall!
Jo and Laurie. I bawl every time they don't end up together.
English boys... Hello.
Aww, Big Hug Back, Thank You!(: <3
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth. -John Greenleaf Whittier
You forgot to schedule a few moments for quiet contemplation of Our Hero.
:( MineCraft is crashing! :( so i wont be posting anymore! :( but i have another game that ill be recording, should be funny!
Why is it when I don't have to up early I am?
Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!
Hey can you please follow me?!!:)
Cannot wait to see my mom tomorrow. I miss her like it's my first day of kindergarten all over again.
Love this #MaryMary show!!!!
I remember when you were a believer.
Book A Hd Video Shoot today
Off to Toronto!
Sounds like you're having a fun day on set...haha
Thanks...I wrote to her!
Argh! Laptop ran out of juice while I had a million applications open... Now it's taking over half an hour to restart. Trying not to scream.
Snuggled in bed for the night and ready to watch Chris Mann win
[Campus Bulletin] Quit procrastinating on Twitter and get to work! We need you to graduate so you can give us alumni donations one day.
It's Happy Hour tonight which means 20 extra points per item! And we have some Rose wine in the fridge... see you from 6pm to 8pm!
We hit 800 followers! Thanks to all our new followers!
Quote for the morning: "Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self." Jean-Luc
just because you like something somebody else does, doesnt make you a poser.
Fascinating comments by David Plouffe at the Richmond Forum-even more convinced of the genius of the Obama campaign.
RT : Enjoyed this AM listening to at the #HBATSMC. She has great energy & ideas! Thx to for making...
hope springs eternal
Hello! We just gave away the last pair this morning from F & G. Perhaps other of our radio personalities have more tickets.
So big time jealous that ms got to meet the sexy Laz Alonzo..!
Thanks!!! for the retweet for our free acting workshop
Tomorrow morning I will plaster a middle and upper school with giant post-its with open ended questions, to gather info from the students.
Is it just me, or is it wrong that only one company makes the game "monopoly"
We just hit 530 likes on facebook. I'm straight
becky can u do me a favor pls and get people to follow me so i can follow people bak cause i got to the following limit?<333
I'm sorry!! I agree let's plan a date!!
": Follow ! Don't block me, I'm already following you. xoxo" why would I do that?
That's what I expect from my trash. The highest quality...lol
Dont you love it how some little girl tweets Cody and tells him he doesnt notice them,so he RTs them? I tweet him every day and nothing...:P
Hehehehe, sucks for everyone taking the APUSH exam tomorrow morning! Alternate in two weeks!<.3
It's the time of the year when I worry the world is going to end. The have won more games than the
Within minutes of getting to the bookstore I had a dick in my ass. Damn good fuck too.
Smh my body hurt
that's what's up!! U gettin that early workout hell yeah!! Already got mine 2 :)
Finally done watching vinny and bianca's with alessandra ustream! Omg! So funny! The best one ever!! :D <3 SHOULDERSHINING! Like that?aha
Is your real name donya
Rupture playlist I WILL SURVIVE ....... LoL....
.. shut up. I don't live here. #StAlbans confuses me.
she's a hater
No Clint just told everyone to get off of their asses.
Feel like a fatty after that carnival food, D:
Never drink caffeine at 10pm...
So Frazier is on. And I left it on. And I laughed at it. What's the world coming to?
ABSOLUTLEY!! RT: “: BG, Will you be taking calls tomorrow morning to ask questions?”
We killed at the Muse!! Catch us next at VIP Rockstar Bar on Thursday November 4.
Storage WANs Present Optimization Challenges
Save the Date #Baltimore : $2 Crabs return to Tuesday's SHORE NIGHT April 24th! How old were you when you picked your 1st MD Blue Crab?
Shame on for putting personal politics before progressive change.
Somewhere, Shawn Green is golf clapping
Amazing how uses tech to involve volunteers. Shows strong link btwn great nonprofits & great volunteer engagement.
Interesting update from Mark Sniderman, EVP & Chief Policy Offier from the Federal Reserve Bank at the MAGNET Fall Mtg in Cleveland
I'm pregnant..
Hey thanks! And this is one big step to putting on free theater, music and art shows this summer down on the Pier!
4pm, 4 moving trucks and some amazing people later phase 1 complete! Thanks J&J moving, MICA fac man, !
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
brunch with friends. Blood Caesars and fried stuff. yum.
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Today is the thirtieth anniversary of the Miracle on Ice. Do you remember it? Where were you?
she would be someone expected to attack black studies too
Be brave. Be bold. Listen to your heart.
I would rather not have free wifi at all than have free wifi with speeds of 56k. Seriously - this is 2009 isn't it?
Ceremony dedicating carving of #civilrights icon #RosaParks underway at
not possible!
Bay Area friends: if you have a lead on a "reasonably" priced apartment in SF or near downtown Oakland get in touch with me. Thanks.
you getting those Cavs 4's?!
Call me crazy, but I love hearing what Jimmy Lovine has to say every week. It seems like he usually says exactly what i'm thinking.
...and now Kathy is on twitter
its okay, I speak slurred words too.
Sex is always better when there's feeling's involved
Been outside for an hour total since Saturday cranking out a web upgrade for a client. oy. Time for some beautiful Colorado sun!
rt "A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow." Charlotte Brontë ....so thats why I'm still up
im up
I can't feel the left side of my face. Stressful thoughts been replaced w/ Henny & Jager man
Also, Indiana school zones are dumb. They shouldnt be all day long, kids should be in school, no need to.worry about one playing in traffic
I came up with the laziest Halloween costume idea: I'll dress up as my twin brother
I know! It was so sad!!:/
I went to a Disney Premiere & Playboy Mansion in the same day
I'm dead ass let yo side Line niggas n hoes know who own that
For my fans, the next megamix is almost ready. Need a few fine tuning on some transitions.
Tyler Dorsey Sedrick Barefield Kendall Small Marcus Lovett and many more this event will be loaded with talent thru out the West.
I want a mirror like that one me and was looking at that mirror would look good on my door since I don't have one in hear
Good morning world !!!!
Sweating at the Centennial Dog Park. Hopefully the Cooper monster will be nice and worn out.
"The question isn't 'Who is going to let me?' it's 'Who is going to stop me?'"
SELENATORS LOVE MANDY
ive been gudd! I miss ya goofy bad ass
small world...my dad went to eastern and I went to UK...were from Northern KY :)
ever since I met you, it hasnt been the same. All you've got me doing is drawing hearts around your name.
“ #Aries, #Leo and #Sagittarius' burning urge: to experience life adventurously and will full gusto.”
I decided you look well on me! ;)
A pick from #AaronRodgers?!?! I think the entire world just stopped. I've still got faith in my team.
No, I got that for assoc. builders & contractorsRT : wow, you really get $250 if you've never gotten in trouble ??
Listening to records and cracking up at OkCupid is the best! Especially when it's with
Baby had a great night of sleep so mommy and daddy did too!
I think I'm going to have to watch them both again tomorrow. I know I missed a ton because of laughing.
I haven't found mine
which one are u trying?
We did it last night...big
Ugh... dont freaking know what to do. #stressedout #alone!
FYI, if you have AT&T wireless unlimited minutes plan, it just dropped down $30 a month -- but you have to ask them to get that rate.
No user EVER asks what language a site is programmed in when they pay for something on a website.
When im older I want to to make a club for teens who are insecure about there bodies bc every girl needs to know they are beautiful :)
In the New Testament all Christians are referred to as saints. Are you a saint?
Tip #119: Poker is like MMA/boxing/golf. We need to out think/out maneuver/out execute our opponents to win.
I was just saying yesterday how I think marriage is mostly a lazy scam for gifts.
Well I just followed … she'll do fine. Think she's bigger than the show. Looking forward to what's next w her :)
Plus half way through writing it, 10 things would come out that could change your thoughts on the subject.
I LOVE my American made GM car!! Over 120 miles and only 1/4 tank of gas! #I<3USA
Which two teams played in the worst NCAA finals ever?
As the convicts were quickly marched back down the hot July roads to the Prison gates. The guards were celebrating like their team had won
I know.
will not touch this, but I can see the females coming 4 you...Ha! RT A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.
@ high growth status: new products, new customers, new energy communities, new initiatives, new hires, updated plans and a lot of innovation
that bad?
what time y'all heading to
'Two birds, one stone' type of quote haha
Belated good luck. So are you going to be a good lawyer or one of those bad ones? ;)
FYI - Sarah palin supporters trying to change Paul revere wikipedia entry to reflect her account of events
lol! Sucks you don't like her. I'm assuming you're not rooming with her next year though right?
I love my job at the golf course.. But I'll love it even more when the weather gets warmer..
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week.
i cant take it kno more! im CRYING cause u dog died i wat her to come bak!:'( </3 <3
when you stop arguing and admit you lost I'll stop :)
OMG, Mike Jackson- Heart Break hotel
if you're not driving for perfection, you can't pursue excellence.
Pretty disappointed in the new #Adele video. Missed opportunity to build off a gorgeous palette
that's boring at least make up something cool lol like say you just robbed a bank
Nice dunk by Harden!
thanks for retweeting the music man. How are you? It's been a while!
Since all of u slutz suk cock y not suk mine?
had to retweet the spoiler thing haven't read ALPHA yet hate spoilers
My girlfriend is very beautiful and the hardest worker I know
"The only way you can hurt the body is not use it." "Inactivity is the killer and, remember, it's never too late."Jack LaLanne
LOL That's a good way of looking at it! :)
Yo, I can work 'the Photoshop'. Just sayin...
We are quite flattered and thank you for the #ff! Cheers to the coming weekend!
I've lost about 10 pounds, starting losing when I cut out all grains and incr the coconut oil. Will do a results post soon!
#artpolitics questions start: how when and where can these modes of enunciation occur?
Spring break = 50 min away!
Go big and then go home.
My eyes are getting tired staring at the computer screen working 8-|
I wonder if not texting someone who you talk to a lot is a good hint for them to text you!? Or atleast to tell u what's up!!
Life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to Florida. (currently -4 here 71 there)
i just realized Nathan from all-star weekend is following me(: wow.....
This has Caldwell written all over it.
I need some more Christian music to add to my running playlist. Anyone have suggestions with a fast beat?
of course
thanks beautiful!
shout out from the best accessories in the world
thanks.. Really enjoying the writing!
Site looks great. Nice work.
RT : Click full of killas please don't get us excited
New addiction...the Flipboard app on the iPhone.
then you obviously dont know me:) hehe.
Good morning everyone!!(:(: Hope you all have a fantastic day!!(:(:
I'll be home June 6!
only 2 slices, no pop & i haven't had pizza in ~ 2-3 months, only did 2 rounds, that's usually a 4 round fight
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Two steps forward, three steps back.
And thank you to everyone who wished me a happy Mother's Day. Super appreciated. My angel is not here in physical but always in spirit. :)
lol shut up
7 Holiday Beers on tap from Delirium,Evil Twin,Mikkeller,Ommegang and more. Also 15 bottled ones. Stop in soon and try them with friends!
Holy shit Patriots... you were my last hope...
Vanessa Wililams joins today to talk her crown scandal, divorces, molestation, abortion+more 1ET
why are ppl saying that Ne-Yo is Gay? Is he?
We have 6" of just a dusting of snow.
Any recommendations for all cotton (no stretch) women's jeans?
hope u had a safe flight
what kind of car are you looking for? I got a Honda Insight and I absolutely love it
We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with
: You'll note that I even prefaced my comment by saying, "I'm sorry." Then he took it to twitter. So tell me more about "tact."
havent been on twitter and tweeting since august. fail. fail. fail. love 's tweets tho! they make my day!
hell yeah!
We're a band from Pittsburgh just trying to meet some new people, and get our music out there! :)
New menu starts next week (Wednseday)! Last chance to get your favorite seasonal fare - come on in!
Aight im done with twitter for today
“Reading... a vacation for the mind....” -- Dave Barry
don't want to go to class and turn in an essay that i don't give a crap about. so done with school. so done with my major.
I can't fully complain, I have an ipod, but I'm 22
thanks for following... :)
im going to bed and i won the thing contest with my frind good night and i whent to sonic
So far, so good RT : We're monitoring the weather, but CF Gates are scheduled to open on time at 4:30
Gotta hear Champagne & Chickenheadz
Congratulations to the Latin American Youth center for their most successful fundraiser ever (tonight) at the Liasion. Go Lori Kaplan!
Hopefully writing the intro to this essay won't be to hard...
How is it not even finals week yet? I'm dying.
Haha Anthony #Weiner Twitter scandal is at #5... gave us all a laugh
We can't wait to share the Travaasa experience with you!
it's nothing. Baker Family helps each other out. All in love.
there wasn't one pic of the #1 team in the country.
“: How freaking rude.” Right?
JUST TALK 2 MY FAV CUZZ SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!
How much is the buffet?
Part 2. then at a later time if you have alliagator skin-apply ammonium lactate-something like AmLactin
Good pick Jiggy!
No problem! It's scheduled to go up on my blog later this month.
rep pin soccer gear? Love it!
what your insane
I am changing my user name to Eva Lardani !!!let's see if it works :)
who knows? you might get a higher grade than for doing the same thing #proffavorite?
Unfortunately no...we were sold out and had to say..."sorry, no room". RT Did the Prez stay with you when he was in town?
Looking forward to spinning with DJ Barbarella tonight at the Capitol Club
is it in HD on directv?
TEXT SPARTAN TO 31901 Thank You!
And go grocery shopping...(:
Just seen Manimal damn me for not saying Hello!
Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart Honeymoon Photos - BSCkids
Looks like it's business as usual #stlcardinals. Screw you Albert. Nobody needed you anyway! I hope you trip on a bat!
Happy Birthday, ! (:
what time do u work?.. trying to pick up for mike 1st
SO True~Enjoy the day!
Austin fundraiser declares "let's do it Austin!" in fundraiser for Mary Gonzalez (HD-75).
I'm so ready for this sausage race. I'm gonna shotgun a beer if I lose.
Eggplant parmesan is just a sneaky way to get you to eat eggplant.
I saw that and thought, HP = computers or Harry Potter? I was hoping it was the latter.
that's cool though. A tip if I may-- no matter what, end each sentence with "concordantly" and you will pass every class.
im in chicago.
Nash is a hellava offensive PG. But its 2 sides of the court. CP3 is just as good on the defense as he is on offense.
(1/6) Tumaini Publishing is very pleased to announce that Sue Shanahan will be our new Director of Marketing and Sales.
You haven't given voice to me.
Sometimes, parents can be buzz kills with sibling bonding.! -.-
RT Hug yourself for me
Order sent to Jessica in RI!
When will I be breaking it down?
Bahaha. RT : WAIT ONE SECOND. Bristol Palin is bashing the gays??? Cause she is totally the moral epicenter of family values.
Let your past make you better not bitter ;)
Get a Bucket of 4 PBR Tall Boys for only $10 today at Hi-Hat Garage! 1701 N Arlington Place
“: RT : hey dude, best restaurant in okc? (I like kaisers and mickey mantles)”
End of the #libraryschool semester and a three year old birthday party full of kids.. I am officially done.
"not hustling"
He who limps still walks.
": june 3rd"aww okay ima make sure I remember to say somethin to u on ur special day bae
Bitching about people's tweets is like going to a free show and booing. You don't have to be there and you don't have to follow them
me too
“: SUP BRUH?” don't be trying to steal my man Alyssa...
Someone on my bus asked "do you not want me to know something about you? ARE YOU PREGNANT?"
agreed! Twitter is amazingly reliable, tho. I've heard three different sirens now.
We need to work on getting that changed. Stat.
Excellent. If you have any more details, send them to . We'll start the search and be in touch soon!
you good?
Redeemed Girls, "Let yourselves be pulled into a way of life shaped by God's life, a life energetic & blazing with holiness."-1Peter 1:14-15
#1DUpAllNight Everything About You!!!!
that would be the bomb! i would surely be a roadie on that trip!
Two Dress Rehearsals left before the show opens on the 23rd! The last few days before a show are always a very exciting and chaotic time!
Will someone please direct me to whoever first decided to get up before noon? I'd like to beat the shit out of them.
thank u! Can't wait to see u Monday night!
Hiya pal! Glad you could make it, just starting!
Planning a trip to Dubrovnik and Split for early fall... Restaurants/wines/vineyards not to miss?
That a walk of Shame if I've ever heard of one lol
Great Clip from on #Austin #Rentals and #Apartment #Living! Is #Austin's Population really going to double in two years!?...
Love albums that can be played all the way through without skips, go buy This Is How I Feel by if you do too!
happy weekend! love SABRE x
very very true! Could always post some of your latest design work (when time allows, of course ;)
Is it just me or is #lockdown being booked backwards?
I think I could built a cellphone faster than customer service could transfer a number
NYC friends if you didn't catch me while I was in the big apple. I will be coming back in a few weeks:)
I'm ok. Ugh, can u believe that? I would love to see you tonight, u can fill me in on ur photoshoot!
I used to think there were only 6 colors,but my wife taught me stuff like peach & pumpkin are colors too. I still have no idea what Taupe is
I KNOW!!! what was shonda rhimes thinking, making me wait this long?
can we make a bet on this laker thunder game #cashmoney who else wants in
Why am I always sad and lonely??
Today is National Healthcare Decisions Day!!!!!!!
Money is the ruin of every relationship.
have TONS of fun!!
RT Let's go! RT-Follow for a chance to be this weeks TUNES Headphones winner!
In solidarity with our Bloomington brothers and sisters as they march and rally in support of immigrant rights. On the scene right now.
Oh and thank you for the doughnut Forgot to tweet that
choosing to get motivated this a.m :-)
#oomf turned soft. Smh. Pussy bitch.
hahaha.. I feel your pain!
sorry everyone's blasting you guys when it's 's servers that are crashing.
There are so many bees Around my patio...
Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. ~ E. Nightingale
#InstantTurnOn A tiny waste
I was wondering the same thing!
OH WOW Walking Dead season 3 is going to be amazing!!!! Big TWIST!
Prom Night. The only thing classy about it is the dresses. #Prom12 (; Lets get fucked up
I Lo led it before the game bro. I can not believe they blew that fucking game
lol nothing much in bed. Fix me sum breakfast lol
That's not a bad idea. We could use someone like you.
Sole my mom-n-law barely heard your song "My lil Angel" and loved it ... maga'o le makua palagi lau pese ...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 57
I can't believe #LAkers getting beat like this ... #FIRSTTAKE was comparing kobe and #jordan - MJ would never let this happen 23 >
text me back!!!
Great films last night at ! Excited to see Cotton Road this afternoon.
*TODAY-ONLY*Purchase Instant Tans 5 for $65 or 10 for $99! Buy ANY LOTION over $75 and get 5 FREE TANS! MEMBERS can buy a HP/HY TAN for $5!
Question: does that mean those Fire players are suspended for this weekends match?“ Chicago earned two red cards.”
but of course you know football is #1 right?
Happy birthday to my dog, Hector!
RT Frequently remind readers that climate change is only a theory, like cell theory, kinetic theory and theory of gravity.
*backs up car* "Just in case Jim & Diane wanna pull into the driveway"
Looking forward to some modern cuisine talk tonight. My mind is starving!
so goes "oh this smells" as he proceeds to put the smelly thing in my face.
-.- You are freaking rude. Sit down.
Very much so! Thank you.
Time to party hard....Happy Birthday!!! 😜🎂🍸
For sure dog and you've got to be there for 2.0 all digital marketing event
“: why do you like the NBA?” my baby bro collected bball cards-never missed watching the play games
Keep it movin, keep it keep it movin.
I have two bottles of liquor in my trunk but no umbrella...Wtf!
Sample sale mode RT : The Alchemist at The Webster like two kids in a candy store
i have to go! bye everyone i love u !
Had the #waterwhip out yesterday. I need more weight and a brain. The water was 60 and I was
i think it's a worthwhile way to connect - just another tool, and not something u have to check all the time.
Ok so see u out soon :) RT : Yeah and more to come...hibernation officially over!
you're courting the collapse of the strap-on industry. It can't survive on pegging alone.
Beef o Brady's buffalo wrap and a McDonald's Sprite. I'm set.
I was in Zumba and we were doing this grind routine and after i did it everybody said they was gonna have to watch me lol
MOOOOOOROOOO!!!!! Wait, don't stop.....
Speaking of Killing it, are you following Dexter? More More Morgan. Send me to the morgue. I'm dying to know what happens.
we will be back soon son !!! i promise
'Ol Lee wasn't known for being the sharpest knife in the drawer at Lakewood.
we're all on drugs.
-- is better than all those for tracking references to anything.
Enter to win FREE Holiday World tickets by going to gotheredothis.com and sign up for our newsletter!!!
Making moves!!
Be sure to watch Gossip Girl tonight for Lady Gaga and Ioki Karaoke ad
It's been April for three days and I'm already at my NYT article quota for the month!
Which is not to say that the enforced transparently insincere hyperactive chirpy obsequiousness of corporate customer service is preferable.
Thanks! I was sorry to miss out. I think we're on the mend...
Hi Friend
of COURSE! We'll be partying with you guys all day - we can't wait :)
Yum. Entire packet of mentos g.o.n.e.
Thanks to our network for the great thoughts on the contract position we're looking to fill for one of our clients. Much appreciated!
DEFINITION: Rocket Risk (n): Not knowing the "how" but doing it anyway. "Take a Rocket Risk today"
best tweet all day lol “: Automatic toilets are the dumbest invention ever. They have terrible timing and they splash #gross”
Will we hit 550 likes tonight? I have some more games to giveaway. Let me know!
idgaf is taco bell uses real meat or not. its fucking delicious
Freaking out because I just completed "Run as One" and my race results (and my friends results) are NOT there. Help me
“: The Trunk RT : Which seat should Rebecca Black take??”
Why was Justin bieber with Floyd mayweather? Now I want manny to beat him down even more
Kalon the helicopter guy is a liar and a fraud and a narcissist. Mark my words!
Well, I know "my" #karaoke song now, and for good or ill, it's #JoyDivision's "Transmission." Party time!
i love u JB I can not wait to meet you
Why do they hate on you so much?
Ponder: The 19th century is over. We've got to recognize unless we fix problem, 21st century is going to bury us.
just watched the last song was bawling 4 hours,,, didnt no i was so emotional
Uggie, canine movie star, to &#39;write&#39; book
Why can't we have a halftime show with just Cee-lo?
Thanks for the suggestion!
Best way to insulate a Faraday cage?
Always YES! RT : Decisions... decisions. Help a girl out: Yes or No?
I know. Me too, but it's for a good reason. There will be more. Save the ones you think are 'me' and we'll do them in June!
Damn my show on! I love Looney Tunes!
I remember I went on a date high ass hell off some bars lol
Sounds good, will do. I know we'll be at LAX Saturday and The Bank Sunday for a bit, but might relocate afterwards.
Prank Phone Calls at 3am. Wonder who it could be?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Shorter lines at the bar and more silent auction valets in the Akeley Wing (Elephant room)!
It's becoming a problem for me lately. I feel like I'm not dedicating myself to anything *enough. *whatever that means
I think Cody should date Kylie !!!! They'd be so cute together !!!!!!!!!!!
What are you looking for in study abroad programs??
I actually read all three books. I hope you enjoyed the first!
After hitting 100 followers it fells almost impossible to hit 150 😒
tough to not see the game. thank you Tweeps for keeping us out of towners updated!
Awesome, Bryan! RT : I'm anchoring Today with Diana Pierce today! Tune in if you have some time over lunch.
#Weliveinaworldthat foreclosure's keep happening, and we can help you through it
Frustrated with FOIA. Recent request rejected on Exemption 5 grounds. Can anyone w/ expertise help advise on appealing the rejection?
I need some #Cheap #screenprinting done in #Atlanta 3-4 prototype shirts I need them completed by tuesday night!!! RT
I want a baby turtle in my life and name it Timmy Jr.
Great post-- and you're not the only one who still looks forward to first-day-of-school clothes shopping!
Goin to a romantic dinner, the door opens, heated seats, soft music, champagne toast, all attention on your Valentine. Reserve your ride
You're a modern household!
send me ya email...so i can send u sum
today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you
oh, it breaks my heart. but all i can do is write these letters to you, but there's no address in the stars..
Oh ok cool. Just checking up, no cheating :) just kidding.... Any bets on how long everyone can last???? just kidding....
What's a good pick for dinner out in Downtown Indy tonight?
I'm frustrated. I want friends and coffee, but that is clearly not happening soon. Unrelated: Twitter is Dead.
Hey Hollywood - why no Bobby Fuller movie? He fought the law and the gasoline can shoved down his throat won. Great music too.
The joys of business travel => jet lag + incompetent concierge + lost booking + bad-attitude-manager realizing this American speaks French!
Whoever invented school, need to get socked the fuck out by me >_<
they're playing great!
As long as you got nothing to hide..
I Guess I'll Start On This Homework Now >_<
Come down to Chef Geoff's Downtown and watch ALL of your favorite MLB games!!
First a brown out, then 3 days of very spotty internet, and now some very uncooperative electronics... are the sun storms the culprit?
omg tomarrow is friday and i am so happy 3 day weekend
Rick Siskey - An average concept with great management will beat a great concept with average management.
Wow,if Murdock can be US senator after just three years as a STATE treasurer then I wanna be able to run in the next election #Seriously?
looks right to me, Gary! :)
Nautical accessories > your style
You might look at me and think "Damn she's ALWAYS smiling." Take a closer look. You'll see so many cut marks. Carved words. And scars.</3
SUCH a good book!
signed, salty heat fan
If you are in the Chula Vista or IB area then you should get to where we will be and try some. It is really great
I want to do something awesome for my bff and you play a big part in it. Follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan.
My formula for sinus infections: Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, Gatorade, Coca Cola (to clear out throat drainage.)
promote the live battles Holmes!
that might be it but they have two good leftys so idk but the one throws hard
There are about 3 people that I work with that I am convinced NEVER SHUT THEIR FUCKING MOUTHS. Is it wrong to hope they lose their voice?
Tennessee Legislature will soon be able to get money from insurance companies. Influence peddling will soon be rampant . People lose again.
yea I'm working i haven't left the city since they're other day
Going to see "Ghost Brothers of Darkland County," written by Stephen King and John Mellencamp.
I cant stand a selective few people
Oh. My. Third feeling of deja vu here at code4lib. Eerie.
What is one item that you would like to receive for Christmas?
Want To Beat The Mother's Day Rush this Sunday? You & your special lady can join us for Brunch this Saturday. Call us now at 410-522-1907!
First year of college over
JUST GOT HOME FROM A BEACH SHOOT. WAVES KICKED ME ASS GOT MY WEAVE WET.. THANK U GOD FOR INDIAN HAIR
then sense my fear lol
I KNOW YOU LIKE IT.
Are you a level 5 leader? If not get busy!
Twitter API why must you be such a pain in my ass.
or like that some1 liked your status hahaha
Flowers from Dior HQ to Haider Ackerman? In the face of Raf Simons being dismissed from Jil Sanders?
I'm beyond done with drama. Can't we just be civil adults and move on?
Follow back ? ;)
The unconditional love of a formerly feral cat heals so many ills that the day deals out.
OMG, the distinguished writer James Fallows is following me on Twitter. Now he'll know what an empty-headed twit I really am. Sigh.
Last time it rained we all caught the plague.
People are assholes!! Seriously, everything is NOT my fault!! Crazy patient!! Gah
Off to get music and a new guitar! Yay!
hubby's arrival is late tonight. a couple of ritz, a bit of vermont white cheddar and a sip of trappist ale to tide me over.
Nice class (actually a little tough, but much needed.)
that's the problem with hired help. they'll work for anyone.
i thought everything was going well…. I guess not. have a good night.
I do too! They're filling up my feed nicely. I especially love how it looks in Tweetdeck w/the BW UI. It's 5pm somewhere.
grading, eating, Flying Bison Aviator Red.
whoops! i was going to write to you about other paragraph level commenting systems but included you in the wrong tweet.
mission accomplished. woke up with unknown numbers in my phone
I know everyone says it, but just be yourself.
Myspace= Meet new friends and connect with people who share the same intererests. Facebook= lets you connect with people you already know
Sometimes life is hard, but ALWAYS, God is good!
My eyes have been burning all day.
but the C's weren't smashed. Difference was only 1 point. Those lakers though...
waaaaah you're mean :''(
RT : Think you can't find time for a workout? Try these tips for incorporating fitness into even the busiest of days:...
Listening to all acoustic Outstanding
post really resonated w me-tough week in clinic. Cant save all 7 year olds but I'm going to keep trying! huff.to/vr7Tx8
#9RoundMinute 20 Plank Up-Downs followed with a 30-sec Plank. Keep those abs tight and get after it!!
Ask me more about text messaging sales, social media marketing, & app building.
Now that's the kind of sports drama you can't script. Congrats ManCity.
I Cried When Jo left Kendall all alone and went to New Zealand...I still do:(
2 essay questions done, 3 to go
My Twitter is so slow, you made the joke before I been asked. Clearly, it's just too early for *me*.
Silly rabbit....Tweets are for freaks
umm so excited for to open!
omg your so lucky we have 16 more days -_-
GUESS WHAT AUSTIN!!!!!! TOMORROW IS THE DAY!!!! #YEEE R U NERVOUS!!??
your videos are amazing please make new one soon ! (:
Speaking to UK Alumni in Frankfort tonight about Big Blue Sports Archive. I have a great job!
i thought my computers color settings were messed up when i saw tan mom's picture :( !!!
I have Xavier in this game, but the refs ABSOLUTELY cannot be making that call. Wow. Atrocious.
Cot damn Jehovah witnesses are on the prowl today....man,go that away <<<<<<<< with that mess
I think the new indication of a good evening is how much battery life your phone has at the end of it
Democrats and moderate independents don't forget to vote
The time we spent together I didn't want it to end but all guud things come to an end
It's my birthday tomorrow. c:
dude. he stung me on the side of my ribcage! that bitch was all up in my business. i wasn't even trying to step on him.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Well, I no longer have a reason to watch American Idol now that Elise is gone. America, you suck at realizing real talent.
Love how a turkey just walked out into the street on the way to work. Some things u just don't expect to see in the hood.
My last moments spent with my loved ones
Naming yourself Metta World Peace is dumb enough, but acting like a complete idiot on the court makes it even worse.
Brady to woodhead.. I dig!
Life is like photography, you develop from the negatives <3
Love the all black unis Terps!
hash tag sad
Lol Pablo this is perfect “: it hurt me a little just reading this...”
RT : Primrose (downtown's wine boutique) is expanding--they'll start remodeling the shop next door, will add a full kitchen.
Mr. Romney, Banks are not people! & They don't get scared! People who can't make their payments are scared and don't make $40+ million a yr!
Why must my digital imagery teacher bring her dog to school? I don't know...
Wow, it's 72 out there. This definitely calls for an outdoor lunchtime walk.
Your a regular bitch that does regular shit
Where is #sandiego is still serving food?!
#Sanford Comm. Randy Jones: "Next person who comes into this town wanting 15 minutes of fame should be shown the finger and shown the door"
Love the office.wasnt sure I would without Michael but its still great I do miss him tho
It's kinda like going back to language X once you learn and enjoy shiny language Z. I didn't spend $1000+ for my bed though. :)
right on my bro... we gotta paint some time ..stay fresh g
HIT ME UP WITH ONE OF THOSE!!!!!!
The games in vegas have dried up quite a bit since a few years ago. So many games i sit in are nit fest. I like afternoon-midnight to play..
#IamAStanBecause He told us to be ourselves
care to lend me some of that energy?
Higher air fares and more mergers? - CNN
#markzuckerberg the iPhone app is really bumming me out. Slow, crashing -- please improve the #mobile experience.
I always wondered why I would get shot at every time I wore a hoodie?! Thanks, Geraldo Rivera!
Which of his works were you reading?
Baby and car have been found - Baby is OK!!
Should not be awake. But that dog... Cafe du Soleil, library, and then my love returns from wknd debauchery aka bachelor party in Reno.
NEITHER CAN I :)
is there a shazaam for your face?
Happy Birthday Unicorn Power!
Ann Romney was either afraid of "nice guy" Mitt or didn't care when he abused Seamus
monday morning drive to the swamps.
...you know what? our staff RULES. they work their asses off and we love them to bits 💛
yep. In Chicago.
“Performance Support is the discipline that harnesses informal learning and makes it intentional.”
no doubt it's gotta be will ferrell hands down.
awesome was it yummy ? Yeah had a great day it was really beautiful here today :)
It's 11:31pm on a school night..and I'm up writing poetry.
Album Sales: Carrie Underwood stays put at No. 1, Adele gets a big Mother’s Day boost
lol yes I've already seen it haha. and why were you at the theaters then?
you sound like the way I feel right now in the 4th QTR in CHEMISTRY - You might be on to something - thnx for info and Good Luck!
cause u guys are sikkkkk
