All instagram is about now is getting more followers, & giving shout outs, liked it better when not a lot of people had one & did shout outs
reading this on FB for iPhone at this moment. Guess where I land?
Thinking of an etsy sale. Hint hint! Maybe when I finish adding my new watercolors. Come see what's in stock now! www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
End panic mode and disregard last tweet. My work email is up and running again. Yay, tasks.
What am I looking at here?
thanks Andy! U coming to the art reception?
HA! Yup... the phrase "Tweetin' like a mother fucker" hits my funny bone just right! It's a goody! HA!
Everyone keeps sayong cards pen cards pen....brewers pen looked decent too!!
I love, love, LOVE you sweet boy :)
Introducing the Lodge Sauce kit, with a silicone brush for basting your grill top favorites, and cookbook “Grillin’ Sauces,” with ten...
Hey British people, it's just a meeting. No need to go 'put it in your diary.'
This is boring. *Yawn*
shoutout to my boyfriend in the hospital with a severe case of non existence.
Done! RT : I recommend following ! Highlights some of the most retweeted & interesting tweets.
I just murdered a TREX or at least ran over one.
Watching horror movie called "Ju-On"
At least KU went a round further than Mizzou.
Hey, sounds good! Let's connect and see if there is any other ways in which we can help (or display the winning art)!!
thanks! R u coming to east coast anytime soon?
You know its time to go to bed when your eyes burn
My Fair Lady by The Bird and The Bee
That one was just a bit too high, just a little bit...
I'm thinking about getting a baby pool for my office...
and I thought my Oct was jam packed! Cannot wait to see you!
Follow me please ♥
You didn't tell me you were popping, too! Fearing I now know cause of my debilitating pain: caffeine loss.
I'm so glad!
Life is filled with Tests... I'm just tryna pass em all SMFH
I couldn't get any of your joomla demos to work on your website
Speech final consisted of presenting an infomercial for a tampon.
Petrino out a Arkansas. CoachJags announces that he is available!
yeah I got the IM from Johnny about it this morning and I thought he was joking at first.
Can't wait for the next few weeks...
To see the action from the driver's perspective
"When Peter had come to himself, he said, Now I know for sure, that the LORD has sent his angel, and delivered me."~Acts 12:11
Needed some good news! RT That's all for the day lobster lovers! Tomorrow at L'Enfant Plaza (7th & Independence)
no BS, probably one of my top 5 movies. I'll watch it when I wake up with a nice bowl of cereal
#flipbigclass ...and immediately began thinking about how it could change T&L!
i wonder if it's safe to take an allergy pill when i'm about to drink.
Not me. It would take a lot to change my mind & that's not fair to the guy.
Jazz hands!!
Another weekend, another show for the attorneys of Freeborn & Peters LLP. This week the #NRAShow in our hometown of Chicago.
what did you do with it?
I'm getting just about sick of school. A crash is coming very soon
Even when I was 8 years old, my grandma's secret password was sh*t
thx for the follow, and nice bio :p whoever doesn't love em is outta their mind!!!
#Freshmanyeartaughtme you can't trust anyone.
y not?
We will be closed today. Up and running normal hours tomorrow.
You wouldn't think any of my tweets were funny if you knew how many pedestrians I injured while writing them.
thanks for the RT... come join us!! ;-)
I just broke my record for selling something on craigslist. Less than one hour from posting to payment!
that's how i feel about every other sign
haha let's go golfing dude!
Sitting in an all night lecture on managed care organizations and risk management.
If you haven't seen the avengers twice yet, go kill yaself.
I'm H20 intolerant.
is enjoying the moon, hanging large and full in the eastern sky. Oh, lookie, it has a face.
likes people. i love doug. misses the petersons. we miss him too!
Each other week
Happy leap year! So today is tshirt "366" if you think about it
im gonna get a hundred dollar bill tattooed on my dick, because i hear bitches love to blow money
Pirates of the Caribbean is always a hit around that place
Going boating with and maybe tubing :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 297
you give up too easily.
I like how I have 2 be told by my team "no humping the dance floor atFridays party" what kind of person do they think I am?!
I just hope Hologram Tupac doesn't get into a beef with Instagram Biggie. Talk about senseless violence.
RT : son should I see money ball? Absolutely
on the phone with mi bby, gonna go talk then go to sleep. #goodnight. #bestnightever :*
Hey sexy
Good gm. 27-24 Heat after 1. Melo is owning Battier and already sodomized Joel Anthony.
"Nobody" is perfect ! . Than Justin Bieber in "Nobody"
'No truth in Allegations of Deforestation' FJMC Chitral - The Dardistan Times
#Cliftonshuffle does it count on a Saturday?
Just left Bayshore and Mayfair got my momma gift.
Celebrate a win with a delicious pulled pork at #sandwichmeinchicago in
. Money is greatest asset, but he is out of touch, so it is his greatest liability.
thanks for the well wishes :-)
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams
I'm addicted to Friday Night Lights.
Really don't want to eat this adderall
almanac. It's the most bad ass.
I like the combination of exact database name and the platform/vendor logo; improves scannability of the page. Nice job!
nothing like some early morning anatomical verbage to kick off the holiday weekend... study > sleep
Escape the heat tonight with our cocktail specials. The $8 Elder Collins and the $6 Bourbon Collins. 7PM-12AM
its wateva bro we gone get up wit n get it n bro
whenever your tweeting people, I gets my hopes up and tweet you. It never happens. 
Did theater since 5th grade! Love it, but now making my way in TV and film... still have a place in my heart for the stage though.
Tomorrow is the start of the wake and bake/self flagellation/ Dorito binge ritual that makes every 4/20 so special to me.
new mixtape is reGODDAMNdiculous the perfect thing to hold me over till his new album
A Spoonful of Sass: Drawing of the Day: Coachella Girl
huh... I don't understand
You are awesome! Your support does not go unnoticed! RT : I was one of her first fans to "like" her on FB!
Three specials today ...come in and ask your server......all for $7.40 incl tax
your more then welcome to come
I hope you started with those three fools that were on the show with you!
I think it's gross when celebrities do commercials for fast food restaurants. Do you really need the scratch?
:: Kopp's has a weather-appropriate custard flavor today, according to CHOCOLATE THUNDER
probably around 8
This week in #Houston in 1972, Barbara Jordan wins the Democratic primary to run for Congress.
That was my conclusion. -.-
hell yea u got hung kuz that's when u slipped on the sand and still tried to dunk
Thatta girl! RT : by the way, I had sweet potatoes for dinner!
#FF #Independence! We Rise! Ya'll fall! GET IT!!
Bit.ly announces beta launch of search platform, reputation monitoring
they oughta redo raggedy ann & andy as a real life movie, and cast johnny depp(: thats just my thought.
Keep in touch for sure! :-) RT Anytime
love you more muaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
St.Petersburg today!
So worth the drive to see get his TD and watch SU shut out AU, awesome! How ya like that obnoxious AU moms?
oneself, is widely(universally?) practiced, physically&mentally
Trying to get tickets to the TCA Awards early, I want really good seats.
more shirts to make tonight! yesyesyes! come to a show this weekend and get one! ALSO! get 's merch too
Gonna have to refresh my memory on that one. Great game, thanks!!
Brass and gold are back!!
Haven't really been tweetin lately. At Bahama Breeze with my Son's Mom.
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
Kate Beckinsale is our cover model for this month. Read all about her new movie, Underworld Awakening, in this January issue!
testing Presio 2.0 - lot's of good stuff coming - screen recording and integration with iPresent Online
but he looks so good in an ol' English D. Go tigers! Verlander has two hitter going into the 8th, continuing last year's dominance
Thanks Steve! And we're still in the same line of business it seems - let me know if you are ever in DC!
lol I await the day when you will be all over my mentions if the lakers win, if that ever happens haha, but don't give up hope
Lessons learned aplenty today - and it's not even lunch yet!
BRING IT HOME!
Gee you're full of wit today aren't u? LOL
Have you heard of Intervenors? Read all about it www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Difficulties are opportunities for advancement, for increased self-awareness, for self-fulfillment. -Karen Casey
Wishing I could sit in the sunshine all day!!
We have a picture of you hanging in our practice space. It's inspirational. No one parties like the Guttenberg.
i'm so afraid to like someone new. everyone i like just ends up fucking me over and im tired of feeling so alone and unwanted.
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
you're near the bay bridge? Head west to 1015 Folsom if you want to catch the #IGDA party :)
follow back? :D
haha this just made me laugh out loud. I'll teach you this weekend.
thank you!!! :D
Ohh how I hate sundays.
you're trying to sabotage me!! lol i haven't had beef since february, but a cheeseburger sounds awesome!! lol
Well well well, Mr Twitter-thon now, too? ;) ha, kidding with you of course...
The weather is so beautiful out ...time to pull out the grill ...
true. The house hunt begins officially very soon.
can't wait until next Thursday!
sounds like game day in the weight room to me, which is my favorite holiday. Have fun breaking PRs all day tomorrow, Coach!
"She might be fine, but she aint worth a second of your time."
Sucks when the one that you want doesn't want you back.
RT : State & local government eats up 36% more of Californians’ hard-earned dollars than Texans allow their gov't to take
Contracts to Steve Blake going 5-6 from deep.
I've always wondered..have you met Lil Jimmy?
We got it
jigga jay-z, biggie baby
anyone got a good recipe that uses #beef? I love trying new things and need something new.
I can't think of any thing to do.
I would notice!!!!
wait WHAT -- does this mean we have to go back to are jobs!!!!! Dont make us go back to work PLEEEEEEEEEZ!!!!
Good good
"The writer said: "I'll write you in next season" and I said: yeah, let's do it!! He's soo in love with me" -said the douchey actress
I'll be teaching class this evening @ GJC Talent.
Woah, I just have to tweet bc if i don't then I'm stuck on tweet #6*6 & that's just
dude when you gonna dominate that 3 point contest?
hey man, sorry i missed your call. things are well. let's chat soon and catch up. heard things are going well with tgiF!
...& sometimes group decisions are "smarter" than Individuals (honeybee dances, google, Wikipedia). Chabris
Gunnar Kiel flips from LSU to ND. Does this move devin7fuller towards #arizonawildcats? Probably not but there is a chance
RT In case you did not know? You are still my favorite trainer! Much love "eehhhh heemmmmm"
Vaynerchuk says. Heck out yobongo.com.....any other opions?
house made tofu bacon, roasted zucchini and squash, parm, tomato basil jam, romaine on wheat. Bomb
Indeed! RT It's a beautiful day in #wbgva !
ariel alexandra !! :]
Summer is gonna be AWESOME this year in the PARKS!!
Rasmussen reports that 77% believe Jesus rose from the dead.. But does that make them better people? And isn't that what really matters?
Dear #Windows7 User Access Control: Stop hiding your damn permissions popups behind my active windows!
2nd Fair of the 2012 Prom Season! We will see you all bright and early! Dont forget your student ID for $10 prom gowns!
I would like to clarify that I am, in fact, Terry... most of the time.
Unluckiest shot ever award goes to Who's Blackberry just fell thru a 1 inch crack and down 15 floors in an elevator shaft
We look forward to seeing you there!
I just got a pedicure and now I have a minty fresh feeling in between my toes that won't go away.
singing his heart out in Louisville Ky. Feb. 10
Might as well, the Warriors have never done anything to warrant being a fan of them. Go Nets!
loving this is absolutely stunning!
Sorry about the spam everyone, we're working on it.
only because you don't fuck with me
you got a short coming? Hit me up.
lol oh well let's see what it is
We are shouting out to all the peeps who retweeted us for #WW TY!
Halsey Burgen. Collects, re-presents, and transforms your voice to become his voice.
On trial for what? Burning is the proper way to dispose of the Koran, according to Islamic law...
Sometime the truth hurts, but yu still gotta live with it
Thank you to our wonderful volunteers! You help us make a difference.
RT : You can’t build a reputation on what you're going to do. -- What have you done??
I read the latest Marlins inbox and you said four starters are set in stone being Ricky,Anibal,JJ and Volstad.what about Sanabia
RT Want 2 tickets to "Viva Elvis" at the ? Retweet "We love and " in the next 3 hours to be entered to win!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Terrible, terrible experience at
I hear there are profs here who have pre-service teachers tweet observations from the K12 classes they observe. Smart.
never has there been a being as sneaky as i..... until now.
love that one! ha ha!
aw thanks :)
Pandora is randomly skipping all the good songs..
lol, you know you need to add me on DrawSomething.
17th Street Festival?
Ann Romney had 2 debilitating diseases and raised 5 kids. The Obama's had plenty of money, Michele chose to work, she didn't have to.
Why did I get a million direct messages saying someone is posting bad stuff about me? And I'm not able to open the link...
I love my job so much. But I feel like no one reads anything I send out. I designed 13 beautiful web pages that no one reads.
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
#schoolmemories - Having a notebook only for drawing, so I have something to do when the teacher is boring me :P
Twitter hiatus for a while. Notifications will be disabled too. Contact me via other means if need be. ✌
she is watching a movie with her step mom (:
I can not stand having long nails
i found these pictures of us.. I was gonna send them to you on here or text them to you ?!
The Artist: A silent film made in the year 2011. Takes place in the late 20s and 30s. About a silent film star who fades as talkies rise
I hate when I tell one of my bff's my crush and they'll be like u like that guy! But I love my bff's
Thanks for the retweet
I know :D haha I'm the best
Everyone in NYC is very sweaty
Don't forget to come to The SOURCE tomorrow at 5pm! It's going to be a good one!
i dont like i love ha lol i love it
MT : Google engineer who wrote the spy sniffing code plead 5th, still works at Google, yet has not been identified by media.
I got the last peace of my custom made drum set today. I plan to give it away after the video is done.
you have a amazing voice I hope u make it the finals. :) your fan from the usa. I wacth online on thier youtube.
#askSarah whats your favorite part about Texas?!?
| Congrats on your new store opening!
Successful hospitals continue to be successful, regardless of the economy. Learn how we can help make yours successful! www.hcmpllc.com
What if we don't have any? MT : Mitt Romney tells yg Americans to borrow $$ from parents to improve economic fortunes
So damn tired
3/3: May God continue to bless you and your families!
You too kiddo.. Will leave the pot on :-)
Clogged Air Filter? At Express Lube, we'll check your vehicle's air filter with our premium service oil change.
I can't think, think about this crazy day... I lose sleep just to daydream about you baby.
It's FIERCE FRIDAY at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio. Come in our Fierce Friday Special LASHES, BROWS, MAKEUP STUDIO.
What up twitters, what are ur plans for today?
I really hate track meets in what feels like -10000 degree weather
Bored out of my ass. #homework #project? nah
how interesting
Lost power for almost 24 hours. Hanging in Newton right now. Hopefully it is back on soon!
Today, in 1970, the PDP-11 minicomputer was introduced by DEC. It was one of the most popular 16-bit minicomputers ever produced!
Friendly folks at #uxsconf here in San Diego!
I dont think so lol :P
ya it sucks
Happy to be a calming influence in Pasadena!
S/O to my nigga we free bandz everywere I go
lol... my bad
thanks for your tweet : ) we have a lot up our sleeves!
Ah, Steve, Clark Kent doesn't know how to cook. He only eats the Science Diet that I feed him.
cause you're like "oh yeah playing tennis is a whole different feeling" that's deep
Livejournal! RT Ok so let's try this again, along WITH Twitter, do you use Google+ and/or Facebook?
A new song is in the make'n
He may be a Gopher, but we need some stability/continuity!
walkin in the rain /still dryer than a virgin / bomb on deck.... / like i wear a turban
aww!! WOOF! I want one as well. I need a friendly companion! find any cute ones?
Feeding my baby boy! He was born Sat Sept 12 at 1:31 am. He's simply adorable!!!!!
Lol so you got a twitter
I hate when people are obviously trying to get celebrities to reply 'i notice that - only reply to girls, what's up with that -? STFU
Jake Atwood gave us so much great advice on Sales. Podcast is up!
this week is almost over, yeeeeeeee '
#WaysToGetShot diss Led Zeppelin in my presence!
In Bavaria, beer is legally defined as a staple food. Amen, friends.
Why do we have such a large debt Who got us here
I forgot yp.lep. mikkey halsted. Mikey rocks. SD. Treated crew. I mean its ok but some of them barely got 2 good songs
12 team PPR. Please pick 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, or F-Jax? Please Help! Thanks!
Happy New Year!
Makes no sense #Delta won't let me on earlier flight w/seats. No cost to them to have happier customer.
out with Nikki :)
#OMG! My son jus said she should be happy she has a man who doesn't do those things. I think it went rt over his head.
Just got back from the one woman show with Sheryl Lee Ralph "Voices of Domestic Violence". Wow what a show, I was really moved!
thus cementing your lifelong top ranking on my "NEVER GET ANGRY" list... :P
she with it if I'm with it and I'm with it.
whatever you say baby((:
you know it is
what takes your breathe away?
That smell I just smelt....
Heading to to get my workout in. I hate waking up early.
Goddamnit I'm so hyper!! This isn't good it's bed time!
Where did u end up?
I don't give a flying fiddle dfl
Really #punksatonyphil, we haven't even had winter yet in Tennessee. I am ready for fresh snow!
Headed to a Phoenix show. I have a feelin' it's going to be fantastic.
i'm livin' dead dead dead deaaaaddd
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center :)
Hah done with school for the week, off to Springfield tomorrow morning #buhbye ;D
Cute name & interesting tweets. Hope you post an avatar & bio so I can think of you as something other than an egg with a name.
yepper. it'll be a party down here! lol
Being ill sucks, cant even skate on a sunday :(.
New on Blu-ray and DVD: "The Man Nobody Knew: In Search of my Father CIA Spymaster William Colby" (4-17) "New Year's Eve" (5-1)
Just did an End-User-Computing vision message.
On the plane home and wondering if flight attendant will let me lay across seat with my legs up against window...
Awesome Kings! RT : Los Angeles Kings = Road Kings (6 straight road wins in the 2012 Playoffs)
"Never Give up no matter how hard the situation is"
#nonfiction-unlimited #bankofamerica #tribecaradiation Commercial I LM'd just aired.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it. :D
Just saw a kid eat the ice cream out of his cone, then THROW AWAY the entire cone!
I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ?????? 3 ;D
you tweeted that right as I was taking a bite into my sandwich!!!
I Can't In #3days Till #BOYFRIEND Comes Out(: Aghhhh I Can't Wait(; I Love You<3
uuumm, I miss you.... Columbus bound anytime soon?? ((HUGS))
thank God you have a friend that's 18.
Depends. Will there be food?
Going to finish up Assassination Vacation tonight in hopes that it will cheer me up. Such is life.
sitting at home with my boy <3 watching
Totally in the mood to do some writing tonight, we'll see if looking a few things up on the internet can't change that
Whoa-ho, them's fighting words my friend. Virginia is *way* worse.
Thanks for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Sorry for the terrible grammar. Happy hour. ;-)
Quote of the day: "In order to have no bad blood with anyone, you must find a way to release the bad."
I'll be there! Let's make sure we connect. As for the article, I think it was part of your dissertation? I'll check.
Way Too Loud
my cousin called me weird for liking legend of korra. ok
Hall & Oates would also be cheering along with you.
digging this whole "mamalicious" week on Dirty Dancing on right now, Stepmom & Time Traveler's Wife coming up!
Not a good time to be performing any delicate surgeries in your living room Colleen, or for that matter trying to nap.
#obsessed is fitting but is perfectly acceptable seeing as it would be well worth it! I'm going with friends
for following, Ann. Looking forward to hearing about your adventures.
...and Blake, and Blair, and Blaine, and Brent.
DNC's Hillary Rosen sez Ann Romney, a stay at home mom w/ 5 boys, never worked day in her life. Really? Have her change Harry Reid's diapers
Some people love to dance, and others, were born to do it. It may not come out at first, but your talent will peak and potential comes out.
Two auditions today. One commercial and one theatrical. It's a great Friday! Thanks Lang Talent.
How do you think the Raven's did in the draft?
There's a reason they call left-sided/left-handed things "sinister". :P
Come to our WEDU Back to School Party - Wed Oct 13 7:30-10:30 pm at Tenjune, NYC - Open bar & Drink Specials + Great Crowd!
Get back to me when you have something to brag about.
rinringgg! Hi Jessica! Thanks for the follow! Talk soon!
My bitch bad lookn like a bag of money💰💰💰
omg please follow me. im ur biggest fan. i love u so much. good luch preformin!
The Twitterverse really likes the Beetle/dog ad. I think its smart they'll keep running a :30 version, w/out Darth Vader reference at end.
Couldn't agree more!
Your favorite person! Duh! ; )
": I would be a happy girl is Memphis picked ...... Only 3 hours away." That would be unreal cause iam n Nashville
It's 2:30am and I'm just sitting here tweeting you... haha (: Wanna make my night?
Looking forward to chatting with next week! Send us any questions you have for them!
Hey Mark, can I get a follow back pl, huge GA fan.
Are u in 'Nap?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
New hockey town?!?: Round 3 tickets at sold out in under 10 minutes
shit man i was fina walk over there
yep come c me lol jk
Can't wait till Bluey Robinson comes out here, that day will be amazing! lol :)
Good eye! I am bummed you can't see the art museum that well, maybe you can help me :)
ikr...i was kinda ignorin' my notifications today...ha!!!
that was fun - wish I were with you now! see you at #aasl11 ?
All of the current "music storage in the cloud" products will never be useful to me. Too much latency, delay, and offline disappoint.
Awww mom gave me a doughnut and milk ☺
and u know this man!!!
Just thinking bout all the moves I got over the summer makes me wanna go home even more...
hes my favorite pick of their whole draft. Dudes a stud
#boxing was glamorous& romantic. You listened to fights on the radio, A good announcer made it a contest between gladiators. Joseph Barbera
Have you looked at my game saynplay? Great for artic practice and home version is available.
when someone gives me their opinion like i asked for it < idgaffffff
u da best...dont EVA forget that!
Thanks for mentions and RTs.
Exciting ending of the Hawks - Celtics game coming up. I know and are on the edge of their seats.
I hope she text me first cause I don't remember her number lol
Look, if you don't want your baby to have a sense of humor, don't let him wear the onesie I gave him that says, "Future Loser."
Our server/waitress is so precious. Nicest thing!
Pretty sure I just set fire to the third bar...
Penn State proud, too. We Are.
#FF Cause they're awesome and they love tea.
hahaha dude!! just wait, tomorrow ima be smiling SO much! i know it haha
psst, I'm calling all music enthusiasts to be a part of the next phase of this digital magazine. all writers/photogs/artists are welcome :)
Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]
Not quite sure if we follow the question. Feel free to email us at .
If you're going to be rowdy past 3 am tonight let me know! These hours are killing me.
Break a leg! :) RT Rocky Horror Swtich night tonight.....will be playing Riff-Raff!! :D
any users want to share their experiences with the service?
Want me to kiss your ass? I always love a little ass-kissing.
Don’t put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you’re ever living is in this moment.
What you think about... you bring about! Let's all think good thoughts and share the good times !
thanks so much! I hope so. My 9th USTA summer season!
Pretty big for Spielberg to hire the Texas Chainsaw guy. Might have been the last time he took a chance.
Remember who votes no on the stadium bill and replace them in Nov.
hind sight. I wish I would have remembered that. Maybe the drive back from georgia...
What kind of gift giver are you?
its okay boo:) i have no valentine either:) except for you:) we single but we have eachother:) haha:)
MARS DKI is no more! We are now DKI Restotech LV. Same great people just a differnet name! Water,Fire & Mold! 24/7 Emergency Response!
will do, thanks! cc
…nor the resultant InDesign crash. Packing it in.
BIW user training event next Tuesday now fully booked thanks to reponses via BIW user base Tweeps. Remarkable response, wow..
Rick James, SUPA FREAK.
Hasnt been that long lol. you bringin the baby or what?
friday woo!
lol cos you said something bout how ppl wont shut up even tho all you keep saying "ok" so stop saying ok and maybe the will shut up;p
You're probably right about that!
I'm great, hope you're well! I'm totally down to help, just hit me up if you need extra hands next week.
I'm kind of in love with slideshare.
RT : Q2)Again start with audience. The makeup of audience narrows list of what is possible . ...
Good point.
expect a birthday shoutout Monday :D
why do i get so annoyed when people TELL me to smile?!?!
I know its been a while ": Haven't seen nor spoken to in forever !"
Happy to be here!
Lol and this guy must of noticed me struggling to walk and asked if I wanted a ride.
Sweet...breaking of the legs and such!!
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
thinks I'm a baby for taking lunch to school when he's the one who eats it all!!! So I'm not sharing tomorrow ;p
don't you just hate that?! I feel you girl!
love u
What is London Boulevard?
I thought that was going to be a music thing whenI saw the name.
Slight work....
Was just notified of a job in Manhattan I might be a good fit for. Didn't even know there was a Manhattan in Kansas.
Yes I'm talking about HAIR SPRAY
When am I ever rude to you?
i been out here since last week famo!!!!
i only bitch when we suck..
Hope everyone is having a great day.... :) be safe
Life is short! Follow the wit, enjoy the laugh.
You know, it really isn't fair to call the Kindle Fire an Android tablet. It runs on
And me
I'm trying to convince my friends to make twitter accounts
Today is National Ag Day. Don't forget to thank a farmer for your safe, affordable and abundant food supply!
you too and Amen! Family looked beautiful!
When the lights are out, all woman are beautiful. -- Hye Burnie ()
Today was the most productive day this week. I am looking forward to introducing some amazing projects to funders.
accussing you of narcissism -- for (like ) not updating your facts since the 70ies ie intellectual narcissism.
3? me no but YOU yes..I left u a messege on one of your 3 pages :)
aye where you live at?
Nikkei at 2-week high, steel sector merger boosts mood
Actually a chicken leg would be better because it's like a little caveman club.
Why they call me outta class kus i was eatin hot cheetos & asked have i been smokin 0.o TF
COOL! ..and that completes the After lately crew responses Ive got. Ur my fav...wait, u dont all compare tweets do u?
I been home alone all day #boredom kills
you still going strong bro?
We're open!
Thanks for listening to buddy!!
So if it's safer for people detained by ICE if they're denied dignity, raped, arbitrarily detained it's OK? Get real.
it does certainly seem that way!
Got $100 bonus in my check.
Getting off the couch and making myself look beautiful for , see you in a bit guys :)
Supplying DJ's and Vinyl Lovers with high quality, hart to find, mostly used vinyl records at great prices. I love to HOOK IT UP!!!
Tom Blair out? #utsandiego they're making it hard for me to come up with reasons to keep my sub
Yoga was brutal today but the payoff will be worth the 100 degree torture.. a
I had something really important to say...
Last day in Indy for 18 months is February 9th!
Lmao!!! He just said that at that press conference they just had...
Help needed with design work (logo, signage) and some donated printing services (signs, posters, shirts). Anyone? Do it for the kids.
huh oh... Hopefully it's on it's way down south & not making its way up north, lol
Yep! For you, you can pay the friend's fee.
-- only in the river / darkness flows / fireflies #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
there is no "i" in team but there is a "u" in suck
Today was a well spent day at the Delaware beach. Yay for friends, good weather, and holiday weekends!
~ Will do.. this afternoon:-) xo
I love this song
Bramson ORT College has the honor to congratulate all women in this special day. Happy International Women Day!
I looked a the yearbook this weekend and it looks great! You and the rest of the yerds are AMAZING!
The stars make no noise. --Irish Proverb
that was a nice nap tho
In the words of Jimmy Buffett and in honor of my son's 18th birthday..."There's a thin line between Saturday night and Sunday morning."
Thanks! Sorry to hear about the flat...never any fun.
he left them here ! Lol it's not my fault :p
you had me at nutella, delicious doesn't even begin to describe it ;)
let's get that yak in Denver
#aln2011 Phil Ice: No similarity between institutions in WCET data analysis sets us up for an "educational eHarmony".
me too
I need help i love him a lot and know this can work
Good sign for #OKState “: Finished a whole tube of chapstick today. Took me about a year & a half but I did it! #SmallVictory”//
omg these next 2 weeks are gonna be SO stressful...idk what i'm gonna do
And Twitter....
can you follow us we are new
what about 4 days?
The line to the car wash is a horrific mess nonetheless, my car looks do catastrophic that I'm not moving... :/
Scandal, Grey's Anatomy, Private Practice, Awake, and Missing.
409,000 to end level 1. Doubled KK vs. AK off hijack vs. my button.
did Collin rob a sheriffs office?
hahaha I've never been on my twitter game, it's you guys sucking me in :P
sorry to hear that bro.
I decided it was time to change the pic.
I haven't gone to bed yet. How many hours ahead are you? it's not that late here, 12:30. Night night!
Product nomenclature formula: 1) Choose word. 2) Remove all vowels after the first one. 3) Append an r.
I may have my first semi-professional job as a paid intern for a publishing company!
I've had to block several this week already. All they want to do is argue, NOT worth our time!!
no matter how much sleep i get, i'm always tired when i get up for school
I had no idea his rap beef with jayz was a publicity stunt, they should have just shot each other
Dang that is cool!
I love watching #CarWarriors on ! Great job guys!
Ellie had never seen it;s a Wonderful Life. I was glad to hear that I was not the only one.
Haha "come on your going to listen to him??? He drinks where he peesXD" lolol
oops, I meant "painting"
": Thank god is coming home today"awww sister bot i love u, i better see u this weekend!
Till you bust ya left nut hahahaa!
My power is off :( so glad I started going to bed at 530 am now~>#bored and no ur boy isn't broke
A stream is a stream is a stream... or is it?
website sale ending at 12am full website for $300
No one likes when you beat around the bush
Mario Kart with my brother. :D
no problem! :)
I feel ya! RT Dean Kamen is way too smart for me to follow, but that's not stopping him from inspiring me.
text book selection for next semester nearly complete.
I just realized how many people call me Candle or Kenny, never by my real name.
Think of the one less space as a timesaving technique. And we all know time is money!
Like™ 2 MEet ya, Im. Ib #pIMp RT : O-M-G ! So im wearing converse right now , and breaking down a script. Im such a
Hey, are you guys planning a Dark Knight Rising screening this year?
Much appreciated, you too! Will do - thanks again so much for the plug!
take your ass to sleep lol:-)
No. I can have someone else seal and certify my work. For a fee. Mostly I can get around it by doing work not requiring a seal.
Welcome to the Zona Zoo. How can you not fall in love this place? The answer is you can't….
Throat hurts...;0
i used to not give a fuck about anything but now im #motivated to make a
youre really really missing out if youve not been watching the NBA playoffs!
✈on some other shit.
like in July. Maybe a bday present lol
Step Brothers on cable is a buzzkill
I can probably learn to speak french by buying things from
I want to sleep until I can't sleep anymore. 💤
Thx for the RT, Helen! We look forward to meeting you this weekend!
I would love to speak a foreign language but I can't
your ice cream is not as spicy as mine, but I will still itadaku! #hothotcream #itadakimashyou!
Like how #MarionBarber is running but curious on where #Forte is
Very cool!
Going to #AAM2012 was professionally invigorating, working until 2:45 AM 2 catch up - not so much! G'night/morning!
at school with free time on computer ugh its so boring!!!!
“: We're so jealous! Have fun and we'll be following!” totally!!!
That was ugly by Sessions.
spontaneous inspiration. also want to have a modern work of art on my earlobes. #dashesanddots or maybe
Pretty sure the next like wins a prize!
I hope you did enjoy your sons cello recital... I bet it was yo yo marvelous
who are some women you really admire?
Ya I think school is kinda fun to but tht is the part I don't like getting up early I have to get up @ 4:30 to catchthe bus
|| you "#teamfollowback" but don't follow me back.
mine is the same way... I'll have to try letting him move around more during homework time.
Chat: Rangers host Angels
Sounds like another jumper on the Hoan Bridge.
is gonna marry me. He just doesn't know it yet :)
The receipe for a well-balanced day: a) do some work; b) do something physical; c) do something social; and d) spend some time reflecting.
City in trouble
Tonight's movie is Before Sunrise.
There will never be a Brother's Day because there shouldn't be a day for people who draw dicks on other people's faces.
So who needs water?
YouTube Channels Court Advertisers at NewFronts
I read Wild and started to reread it. Yesterday I went to the library and checked out Torch and am almost done. Cheryl Strayed is amazing.
It doesn't get any better than this! What happened to April showers bring May flowers? :)
did you do your math ?
thanks for the follow!!
Do you work in fashion or shop for a living? You always display such nice clothes.
ePatient is also an activist for the doctors. You need to find ways to educate a doc. Don't just leave when the going gets tough
Please go to new launch projects and look for age of the beast my new book im working on I need ur help
There are a lot of people in costumes in San Francisco. Am I missing something?
you should cover that song! <3
And veneration of the brolly goes with it, I suppose.
Just saw a priest that looked shockingly like David Wilcox.
one big day in the sports world #tradedeadline #freeagency #marchmadness brace yourselves
beautiful moon tonight, huh? = beautiful night. Full.
The Dewey Decimal System.
oh i dead d.mapp”
RT I thought the charge that the Gray/Brown election would bring back the "bad old days" way overblown. Wow, I was wrong.
can't wait for next time!
Rockin HOLLYWOOD BLVD today with my Super Friends n Characters as Wonder Woman, come have pix taken with us! huggz kk ryder
Oh I forgot I got my own style
Name some of the incidents that may cause an officer to be killed in the line of duty?
Lots of new clients coming on-board this week with creative ways to use SMS; voting, education, email capture at events - love it.
how can yu say yu love somebody when yu dnt even know their birthday????
It's always great to be #home. Back in the
becoming an instagram
Pet peeve: it's Boston Common. And Public Garden. No "s" on either one.
#randomthought. Ezekiel Bread in whole foods actually tastes like scripture paper. LOL
I'm gonna be the best mom ever ! 😌
So glad i got her fixed. Ive been missing out on some great music
what do yu mean? :o
Come by after work & enjoy some good music from , drinks, and good company from the crew.
well, even if he's just doing it to mock manny, it's still a young boxing champ supporting gay marriage.
DirecTV is better!! Only one w/ NFL Package! Well, evidently we can't get Uverse here...thanks for the false info, AT&T
was cut off twice today by cars running stop signs. I was going to honk at them until I realized the cars were Lexus'. The red bow of en ...
When you feel like you're going to throw up, drink coffee
Happy mother days to all the beautiful mothers in the world.
in theory parallel lines never converge- until they hit the art world @ a horizon line
Artwork stolen (est. $50K) in Evanston home invasion today. Elderly couple roughed up. Artwork? Uh, not mentioned in report. cc
I'm reading tweets and some Arianators are really rude and being mean to people....
I was wondering what witty retort you would come up with. I'm a bit disappointed with your efforts.
its only 2 inches tall... I can make u one about 7in tall... will look nice mounted on your door
Thanks! That's what I'm going for, so helps to see. :) Tough balance!
i was able to dowmload ur previous radio shows to my phone.. perfect 4 driving :)
Thanks for the follow! Make sure to check out our website at sherylideas.com!
Wow...i finally got to play(:
Love when a trip involves me packing my snorkeling gear.
The "Breakthrough" coming soon
& writing 2gether??? Only took how long playing on stage & traveling 2gether?? Should b interesting :) -BH
I would, but I don't think he has a computer!
thanks you for fallowing ! :)
Its gonna be a hot one today!!!
I just want a quickie, no bite marks, no scartches & no hickies
Indeed it is.
Awww I am so glad you like it. Thank you!
My cousin crazy ass hell but I fucks with him tho
Mr. Baughman gives us essays at the worst times...
Humble opinion: lawyers more effective sticking to law than designing efficient insurance markets
I do not understand the messages on #newtwitter. How do you get a list of DMs in chronological order?!
Wishing I could be salsa dancing again instead of hankering down to edit the book. For some reason it's like
Never trust the ones that want to be loved.
I sure hope so.
With complicity of the political parties as they fight so hard for the American people's rights, equality and freedoms.
you first. ;)
Marcus Johansson, this is not the best time to be gun-shy.
I use Tweetdeck and mostly like it. been having issues with it not sending tweets but it might have been my wifi
After you take that one hit,your tempted to take another and another
I think tonight's show looks "very intetesting"
some women would do anything for attention
go get a beer & relax dude lol
skype kurt.kelly, google chat kurtkelly
heading upstate today for some filming
Totally miss my kid! This has changed my life in dramatic ways! Totally unable to see the end..... Of this ordeal
(Oh, and further exploration reveals that that site isn't totally safe for work. But when you get home, all bets are off).
thanks for the follow! I like to keep everyone updated trends and reports!
Saw a pic of Japanese families getting their kids tested for radiation exposure. I'm not going to think about the lockout so much anymore.
A couple session and a baby session in the works for this weekend. Can't wait to add the photos to my portfolio, and to try some new things!
I'm here. are you?
lol im flattered and undeserving of the compliment. Yes to coffee or an adult beverage?! Where the heck are u?
": I just met a planet5D reader in Vegas airport!" -yep we're watching ... even us that live in Vegas
Can we create a value economy where seniors recognize their talents? - asks at
Six Feet Under the Volcano
Vegas Tip-Off (NAIA) today @ Durango HS. 3pm Concordia vs Our Lady of the Lake. 5pm Vanguard vs MT. State. 7pm San Marcos vs Westminster
Almost back to my normal hyper self :)
Worries me for sure, but reports say Peyton doesn't want to go up against Eli unless it's in the Super Bowl
the "be extremely picky with session attendance" policy.
Kyle Wilson vs DRC... we can't wrap our head around that...
hey i love your videos so much. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Lots of good information on Drupal, but would love some demonstration. Maybe speaker number 2?
R u following us on facebook?! PLS Do...facebook.com/JHU.ProjectRESTORE
I'm just about to break........ :P can't handle this crap anymore.
Hardly any lines, great selection and such nice people working at the #vbos! I don't know how those workers stay so chipper.
Confidence is key!
" And these rappers beneath me, burning pure thc, you can call me Chief Keef !" S/O cant wait to drop dis shyt
Still can't deal with the fact that my firat year at Columbia is coming to an end.
Us too! Hopefully there will be an early spring this year!
Kobe Bryant's autographed Broken-Nose Mask sold for $67,100. All of it will go to Bryant's youth foundation.
Hm. Not sure what I should think about that.
"but til then my brave child...fly free" Bryan Putnam
bedouinvintage.com is now registered.
Very excited to be seeing live in concert tonight and getting an Exclusive Interview!
Thanks Chris!
lol. or anyone. ;)
The tasting room is OPEN! We have tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
feel free to pass that along to friends ceepy but fun
Have any fun events happening this week? Tweet them at us we will retweet!
May the 4th lead you to THE DARK SIDE.
Need a night of relaxation? Book our Exhale Spa package to receive a Spa Pedicure and Yoga class! 1.800.225.2008
Order sent to Tara in OH!
absolutely. Thanks for the tickets!!
I have a Black Belt in pretending to listen while also imagining I'm on a Beach somewhere with a Beer in my hand. It's a real belt.
I need more people to hangout with. I'm always with nick. I need friends. 💁👯👫🙇👩👸👧
"You don't have to be Stonewall Jackson to know you don't want to fight in a basement."
Vic Gundotra when asked why not open API said (in jest I'm sure) "maybe we hold ourselves to a higher standard than the other network"
I guess I can wait one more week...
Turbo is going to win the cutest pet contest at my work. Or he has to find a new home. LOL
Charger game! then sd tonight!
Embarrassment will really set in when, in 30 yrs, she does the same thing & instead of The Smiths, it'll be a shitty 2010s band.
our worlds are finally colliding. I have a meeting in the library right now. I'll see you at 12:30!
look at my icon !(:
Thanks! We'll see you then.
YES YES YES. i agree 100% austin!
that is extremely validating. Thanks for sharing it was good for my brain unit
Love when I find trays of photos I thought I lost. I'm going to have fun scanning these today and by the end of the week.
#RealTalk a movement should not be trendy. We are dealing with lives here.
yes and he needs to be called out on irresponsible journalism!
.co is quickly becoming a viable alternative to .com!
You're an asshole, but I'm not gonna lie Your TRUCK needs training wheels pretty funny. Dueling banjos is more WV than KY.
that is terrible, thanks for sharing the article
BIG THANKS to , , !! Had a great time planting trees on #ReforestationDay!
Friday the 13th!
<<<Sitting pretty with tail wagging on the carpet>>>
kk is that the c one?
Security Tip: Many robberies happen at night, when they can go unnoticed by neighbors. Reduce your risk by having walkway lights installed!
Haha! I can only hope:-)
I would be sick on my three day weekend off. Blah!
Favorite beer? Go.
How you wanna be SMACK but you cry over pussy! Smh
WHY am I getting emails about Medicare enrollment?? I'm getting old, but not that old. Geez.
Listening to "California" by Joni Mitchell and feeling simultaneously happy and sad.
I am starting to agree with you, Leyland made it a point to stick up for his defensive play in the 1st in game one
how you doin.... Do you know how to treat someone in bed and out.. lol ur st8 right?
Game Time Athletics would like to welcome Ian Smart to the family. 2010 is ours... Get to know him!!!
You should #FF she's a funny cunt!
"How's everyone feeling tonight?!?"
If Monday was a disease, it'd be AIDS.
you going to the summit tomorrow girlie?? (:
idk bro I work
i fuckin left my laptop charger at my cuzin house WTF!!!! is wrong with me
thank you for the follow!
A Big Happy Birthday today to !
Bom dia galera ! Good morning everyone ! Wish you all a great day
Happy Opening Day!! Go Rangers!
Say a prayer for true gentleman and friend Dwight Arrington Myers...AKA Heavy D. He is with the LORD today and forever more...
uh no. lies you tell lmao..
pay raises are the rounding errors we get each year.
Looks like I'm done with my taco diet - I just realized I spent over $700 eating out last month. WTF.
Why do boys think its okay to just message you on fb even though you've never talked to them in your life? No that's creepy.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery unless get Howard this is da destination
The volcano taco?
Its pretty bad that Natyla doesant even get an entrance anymore. #smackdown <OVER THE LIMIT12>
what brings that up?
#Shiticantstand seeing some fat ass wearing the same shit you got and look sloopy in it..
“I just saved a fortune in gym fees by dancing to GEMINI….and you can too!” – Jane Doe GEMINI at Britton Tavern Thursday @ 8:00
tapers as 2g :( my right is fine but my left isn't. :(
Yes i am part Colombian. And black. And white. So shutup.
Go #Bucks Go!
Kanye's as stupid as Bush.
That guy from New York is back.
Sixth Sense was not M. Night's first movie... or his second.
Yer assuming a lot and arguing with your perceptions of others' positions: Nobody said helmets were end-all safety
✯✭You've Embarked on My 'QUOTE' Bonanza!!! who knows you just might see your very own quote RT'ed. ENJOY!!! ~ ✯✭
Watching #couplestherapy this show is pretty interesting.
My alarm clock is jealous of the relationship I have with my bed ^_^
did you play infamous 2 yet? That game is insane....
Don't. Forget you run Mondays , Mondays don't run you. Have a great week tweeples
hi, how are you?
my new fav fashion inspiration! Xo! ;)
My Twitter account was hacked today so, sorry again to anyone that got messages from me.
jam get up big guy
We are loving it here :) Thanks to you, , we are sharing our adventures with the world!! :)
I agree.
Also, my #linkedin profile is in dire need of an update.
It was good. I think most comedians can act in drama very well. I just rarely want to see it. :)
The stars of our party? wines, food, & beer! So much more enjoyable than the Hollywood kind.
Haha, no worries, just bagging on you. Happy Wednesday!
": Packing for Nashville. It's about to go down." He said she didn't have no nipples!!!!"
Just get the Vandy mascot to have your back, he likes to punch Vandy students.
DO ME QUICK FAV? TELL PPL FOLLOW ME AND CHECK MY MUSIC OUT:)
Restaurant go by the words 'cross contact' for allergies. We feel it is time for common language. suggestions?
true story
Work school work school work school that's all I seem to do anymore but it'll all pay off in the long run
that's what's up bra. I'm proud of you. Love seeing my dudes get that paper
Starting Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Paterson for our version of #nerdbery and Threats by Amelia Gray for me.
Yeah, I don't expect the Sixers to hang too tight this series.
Why so much hype about the bulls not getting JJ Reddick? I mean he's good and all but...
How do birds always get te worm .....god bless
Final day of the ASHA convention. What a whirlwind couple of days!
i'm a sucker for hazel eyes.
...who I work with, and it'd be fun to have a job where I get to interact with people outside the office, but I'm not too picky
And make sure you understand the grind that comes with the glamour.
Well it's dead now.
Wow I'm Gen X and I am not alone! Phew.
forreal doe. the guys at my school.. elohfuckingel
What was Tony! Toni! Tone! thinking when they made "Anniversary" I swear its on the verge of Boom Bap but smooth as a MFer
CST helps to boost morale, #teambuilding, increased sales and profits and reduced stress and dissatisfaction
Hans Haacke ; Francis Bacon or Alexander McQueen are all up there!
I have Justin Buchanan scheduled for Chapel, but can't get thru via email to confirm. Do U have other contact info?
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)1
I think I have a reply figured out in my head. I'm wondering why I feel bad; seriously, this guy has some racist tendencies.
Agreed on both fronts. I enjoy soccer so much more. Only one commercial break the entire game.
I think about mullets differently since
like big poppy almost threw up with joy he misses you so much..
sounds so tasty!
constantly gives jay cutler face to receivers after dropped passes, bad routes and dates kristin cavilleri
y'all ain't winning tonight's game but we will see what the free throws stats are if the refs cheat like always for LA yep
. got it right on had got to go. I don't care who wins now; shoulda been
Did you know, that in London, pop 12 mil, their number of rough sleepers (eq to our PIT count) on any given night is 425? Wow!
Other common troubles: Finding writing ideas, getting distracted, learning to use WordPress.
Today is Follow Friday #ff, standby for our suggestions for the day!
If you waited till the last minute you are in luck, all St. Patrick's Day shirts are $5!!!
it would be great to have them in Clairemont! A few members of Team Zapf have signed up already
I want to see myself in your point of veiw.
With a voice like that, I'd love to do an interview with him. DM if you know who I'd need to talk too
i wish i was a hurley girl
Still in bed :] hyfr
1700 on tax returns baby!
“ It’s handling the pressures, the difficulties and the setbacks that make you who you are.”
I wish I had a pellet gun to shoot at other cars at Penn Station to make them move around the goddamn circle like they're supposed to.
&quot;what questions can we take on in combinations with partners from around the world? With our expertise and with our potential&quot;
Excited about seeing #BlueLikeJazz again - this time with gc@ night friends.
uh oh! Trying to impress potential inlaws!
Impressed by the student who gamely filled in for absent yoga instructor today, w/o prep. Learners can become teachers w/ community support
hate my acne D:<
No worries. Didn't write it for them anyway
My bf comes home today!!! :-)
Welcoming Leni, Christian and Charlie...thank you for your support! Stay tuned for great things to happen in our lives...
Dealing w/ this concept as the overall cost to the house doesn't really mean that an e-book itself costs more to produce than print.
The Day Ahead: Packed Calendar but Few Market Moving Contenders
sure it did
To Catch a Predator does prescreening? Who knew.
Can't wait to go home to the CLE to check out Bspot with gotta be better than a Boston burger...
So true. Was ready to kiss the parkway east when i moved home.
i can't be breaking down this bad. my head is gonna start hurting again. Please yadeli, get yourself together. I can do this
Eastern time? Very suspenseful! RT : I strongly recommend reading Danger Room at 6:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Tonight we've got , & in the house! Can I get a UNSK UNSK???
When did I end up in a position to be speaking about thousands of dollars casually?
Puppies should probably come with a 6 month supply of paper towels.
Congratulations.. It's never too late!
Delicious ass meal right there!
At Rutgers history convocation, waiting for Dr. Kate to get her diploma from the history department.
Happy new year ever1 :) i wish the best for every1 in 2012 <3
@ Thank you! We are gonna keep pushing to help make that happen.
Real jobs aren't that cool at all ... Selling drugs for 8 hours has to be more entertaining.
See jazz great John Clayton with his holiday trio-Gerald Clayton and Kevin Kanner-Benefit for ASMAC& LA Jazz Society-Dec 6 www.asmac.org
Me too :D RT Morning, peeps. Happy 1st day of spring! Loving the Google Doodle today.
RT : NAVTEQ workshop at #MobilizeConf users are willing to drive out of the way to collect points and collect data
BTW, i forgot to tag some previous answers...haha. sry!
I was gonna say #theresthedoor but wanted to make sure all is well
Cowboys and Aliens is now playing! See it tonight ta 8:45 and stick around for Scott Pilgrim vs the World for only an extra $5!
Thinking abt attending the Nat'l Preservation Conference? Watch the #PresConf hashtag this week while our team is in host city Spokane, WA.
I wish being crafty was my day job. So much more fun than the alternative.
The career politicians tried to stop Herman's momentum tonight, and it didn't happen - he came out stronger.
Do you like self-checkout lanes at stores -- or do you avoid them at all costs?
Birthday Cake Remix on BLAST 6am in the morning
Yeah, it's official...our medical staff likes to cut and ask questions later. We need to rebuild. Check this out:...
Nope RT : QUESTION: what did God say?.. or you ain't worried about that huh?
What was the word?
Every finish line is the beggining of a new race.
So excited for my first red carpet event launch party tomorrow in Hollywood!! So many A-list celebrities are coming!!
but then again, she brought you up and made you a superficial little whore.
can someone tweet me
oh no! I hope the rain obeys your commands!! >_<
of course! Next time!! Hope you can get tickets for the concert! x
Rumor has it that if you do in Bend the water is actually warmer than it is in Portland true/false?
I think 40+ years, especially under the old moniker "digital computing." Will look for link.
Go to Soul Burger!
Tweet tweet tweet
love Thursday night live & I go there every Saturday to pick up my farmers market csa bag. Love downtown!
Ok, you're followed! :)
yeah it did
Chair Entertainment Continues to Push Apple Game Platform with Infinity Blade II
#schoolmemories beating this bitch ass in front of the whole gym just because she looked at me wrong LOL made the hoe change schools
#celebrityapprentice why does Lou have to always want to do the hulk thing.Oh wait that all he can do.
looks like I'm reading go look hell this wknd
good afternoon ling, happy thursday to you
Thank you for the lovebug!!!
So crazy! “: did you get to see Tupac? #Coachella #soworthit”
I wish I was sitting next to you instead of this man that WREAKS of Indian cuisine.
do it lol there's nothing wrong with some friendly competition ha
I wish i could reverse time...
Wine-not! ;) RT : Drive the pace car for the 500!
lots to do but u need lots of $$
not too much tv. u are a musician? I am a song writer-singer.
i think so, too. “: i think the cindy anthony lady is italian mom too-remember that troll?”
Thank you kindly Sir!!
RT Must. Stop. Thinking. Of. It. As. Onanistic. Ocelot.
I'm moving if your not get out my way cause I'm not slowing down or pumping my brakes get money gang
m yummy
server even said "don't tip me" and comped a piece of cake, but couldn't comp the entree as she should have
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball Next Saturday at Society Nightclub. It's going to be one big night in Portland.
Mike Emrick is going to absolutely lose it when someone scores
wonderful to have you here!
#Zizek to cheering #ows crowd: We are not dreamers. We are the awakening from a dream that is turning into a nightmare.
I'M FEELING GOOD.....
We all know Calipari teams can't shoot free throws, right? RIGHT?
Congrats to all of the 2012 Falcon Regiment officers! I'm so excited for next year.
All I can say is bravo to the haircut on the show last night. Much better!!
My sleep schedule is just.. Really messed up.
Hear talk about his big failures! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
lol duh (: think about it :P
Our Volunteer Guild is the best! Thank you, ladies for bringing some unexpected holiday "cheer" to our staff this afternoon!
Old woman smells like old woman
Won't be home for 's Ustream tonight DD:
Ha This is so funny, but true!
Gunna be 80 degree next three days?? Tank top time in Tennessee!!
I feel the same way and I like that i feel I am living in a new country... Change is good lets take it all the way
I have a comedy show on the 29th please cum see me at the laugh lounge its free bring ur friends
Petrino out at Arkansas
#amexwholefoods missing the river street whole foods
When ever i actually think about the combination for my locker, I cant remember it.
I'm mad at and right meow
it could be worse. But it could be better. Our bags are in Philly. We might not even get them back in time for our trip 
It took about a dozen lines of code (and a few lines of comment) to scrape AHA session descriptions
You're in housing, right? Where will you be this summer?
mo drinking solo.
Just watched your new video... It made me smile so much when I didn't think I could right now (: Thank you!
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea. Francis Bacon
it would make my day if i got a happy birthday from you! :)
thanks for the include!
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Happy Osborne officially introduced at Montgomery County today. ... Good to see him back in the Bluegrass!
I swear I'm going blind
that's so true
Halloween is better
yep no prob could you help me get more followers
#clbrt2012 that's a beautiful "network" image. wow.
shout out to
these phones really shouldnt have been called smart phones because they act dumb as hell
I'm still held accountable as the same person. I have same face, and same fingerprints. I can't hide behind an avatar
dying on the floor people better make you #1 on keek
oh, I found it--never mind. Thanks for that--makes me feel better I'm not the only one! =)
I hope you slept well. We love you :)
Alright awesome.
thanks Nick!
ever get into that funk where you just dont feel special?....
Dave Cowell at the noise factory here Memphis and also hit trauma studios also in memphis
Got the munchies? In the last 4 days we've posted new coupons from 6 different pizza companies! Clip n Save! www.denver4less.com
I see some Conservatives want #trayvonmartin parents to be quiet and stop talking. I thought they were all about pro-life and family values
That's not what I said, or what this argument is about, I said they COULD BE better than STANFORD.
#lucky7jig - Loving Jazz in the Gardens
np haha but she kinda is...
"Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it." - Earl of Chesterfield
12:30AM - Two day to put togher a scope doc for a data warehouse system. this is crazy. Need to sleep!!!!
it happens randomly but literally this entire bar turns gray and stays that way until the application is restarted(...)
RT : Got a walking tour, lunch with group , then a bus tour after lunch. This is going to be an awesome day.
What's with the skull in the first picture?
Agreed...especially on a sunny day!
Yes, YUAG does follow the Open Access policy, but it is important to note that it pertains only to works in the Public Domain
Grow up, do the right thing for the #O'Brien kid!
we have YOU to thank for this! You've been our #1 supporter from day one, and we REALLY appreciate it. :)
I'm at UCLA for a meeting with the director. Wish me luck!
South Korea & Japan lead the world in broadband penetration with 91% and 88% respectively.
followed him back sir
check out my twitcon?
I just got carded and curiously don't feel any younger.
must be the demon in him. *smiles softly at jason*
Now I'm out of this one.
Reading my daughter's first manuscript... priceless...
but it's an antiquated way of looking at things. somewhere between those two camps is a golden nougat of undiscovered, pre-developed artists
#Hopslam is being priced as we speak. Should be cold and available tonight.
also I might need to be on that show...
Hey stranger. How goes it? Where does life find you these days?
Where would you like to see Social Cycle tours next? PB, North Park, Hillcrest, Encinitas, etc? Let us know your thoughts!
Making a run to greenfield nursery in beautiful Mt. Washington for tree supplies. Hope my wallet doesn't force me to buy shrubs.
#OneThingIDontLike when people bring up your past ..
Thank you Mike!
thanks for spreading the word!
no comment..
I'm home... but my phone broke :)
#ESPN Gamecenter App just said 2-0 #Capitals. Right after Seguin tied the gm. Further proof that ESPN doesn't follow hockey.
I like both teams
Haha, i completely understand.
that. Is. Awesome.
“: That goal from is also the 700th in club history. #SportingKC” Let's finish Dallas and send them home with zero pts
Trying to line up more interviews for my show. Want to do an interview?
Nice one!
Really want to play poker but can't for 5 days, watching my neice
just chilling before work
SO U STILL GOT THE LINK FOR YOUR BOY?
merry Christmas buddy!
I might just be the only person who loves sol week..
is on the air with & ! Tune in for a chance to win a gift cert to our restaurant
If they pass #NDAA-CISPA-OK 30,000 US spy drones voted continue Patriot Act & Gitmo shouldn't they be wearin a mask?
Hey. It's Topperstix day. Just ordered 6 triple orders for the Lab.
We don't get much Russian news out here. What are they thanking him for?
Yawn, yawn lollapalooza. Yawn.
Font on envelopes that looks like handwriting does not make me think "personal touch".
dont hurt her, jus check her a lil bit then if she still dont get it... Checkmate her ass, yup thats how we do it.
That is a heavy cross to bear for the whole family! I hope she's able to get better soon!
"baby hair" miller clutch freethrows
Urban Meyer: I will always be a Gator. However this is my home state and I'm glad to be here.
#wuss is still a no-show after two days.
Wondering if twitterers tend to double dip-- does one post the same thing on facebook and twitter?
Sweet goal by Yaya to have 2-0 victory Manchester City over Newcastle United!
People are rude.
aha we don't even live nearby!! Lol
adorable dog is adorable. any argument would be invalid.
new One Direction album out today... EEK! or eh?
Oh man. Hilarious and brilliant. outdid himself. Seriously, Twitter should always be that entertaining.
RT : Chicago weather is like some women.... It cannot seem to make up it's mind.
Problems in the home is not something Cantania can legislate. My point is gpa is a bad benchmark until th is grade parity.
These ghetto birds chirping it up in Harper Woods mighy early today!
My EP is gonna be super dope!!
thanks i spent a lot of time on it !
Curious about the macro effects of 2011's terrarium trend. Half joking.
Quote: "When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends." Japanese Proverb
thank you Bas you are the best
how do i get more people on here to follow me....HELP
sounds good, just a thought.. I want to meet the team
yeah it was half assed. hes such a snake
“: Jamming out to some before work! #WhyTheFunk” FUCK YEA!!
Yo, Mates from #DownUnder! Welcome to the family! Great to have you all!
We are very impressed-- nice work!
One time I did that I went to take my dog out came back in nd had 73 interactions haha
Denver Uke Ensemble doing "Girl From Ipanema"
We'll probably wrap #thatcamp SE around noon or early afternoon on Sunday. That'll help.
Who got zips for the low?
Your not my only one .
by geographic location you can only be a Pittsburgh or Philadelphia fan, otherwise it's a complete violation.
I want to watch the notebook
GRAND news, that!
#6 Scotty "Fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Haven't had Swiss Cake Rolls since mom packed my lunches in grade school. Just finished a whole box in one week. #pregnancy cravings
No. My friend of eight years.
THANKS! I really hope we WIN!! :)
yeah its cool, kind of looks like a wordpress layout but nicer
haha I'm a nerd in history and animals so yeah (: But math is not my thing D: So wassabi ;D
A4: See threads of convos between ppl, jump in the thread when can add value...
#Undeniable drops tomorrow. #RattPack Gonna be dope.
Bucket List Item #1: Say the one liner before the C.S.I. theme song/intro.
Nobody else has such objective, creative & holistic programming! Why I #loveMPR Happy V-Day to you all.
HA! Even better it turns out edited an article started by my pal A small Wiki world we live in.. :)
you so need to apply to do viz for recovery.gov- is an awesome graphics designer but is in Austin! come to DCcodeathon too?
SHOUTOUT TO GO FOLLOW NOW!! (:
Oh good! In theory I should be unjailed in 5 minutes.
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN
1st time in history the words hip and Romney ever close to being in same sentence
$85 for a Cards championship sweatshirt and you're telling me we couldn't afford to keep pujols??
I don’t know what I’m doing tonight, but I know what outfit I’m wearing and that is half the battle!
I need it.
I wish I could tweet how good this pasta sauce smells.
Kipling's Night Mail and and London's Scarlet Plague, the first two titles from books are now available at Pazzo! Don't dawdle.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-06
flight chief going to Edwards.
that's the problem......you can't get a girl to do a woman's job
What took you to Souderton?
What's the name of the play the speaker just mentioned?
Dear , I think you are amazing, and when I am a famous chef, I am going make you the greatest vegetarian meal ever. Love, Vick
Oh, of course--I see what you mean. Thanks!
i went from 195 2 199 all i need is i more follower and ill follow the first 10 who follow me and im watching
He iss, he has a crush on youu.
Im back on facebook too so add me...... Ive been having a good time on the west coast but i miss Yall in the Chi....
Absolutely loving our D tonight!! Dragic already with 10 assists before halftime
Yeah... it's still pretty sad. WiFi needs to be ubiquitous at conferences.
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Trae Young ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Norman, OK ⁰Travel Team: GTH Elite/ Athletes 1st ⁰Point Guard 5’9
best of luck to you man! Everything happens for a reason.
A girl committed suicide last night because of bullies. She was only 15 How many people are gonna die until we realize bullying isn't a joke
takes a long time to read the same essay question answers 44 times!
and i love claytonn! ;)
Excited to see tomorrow up close and personal in Studio C. Thanks cities 97 for hooking me up!
Please request what email address you would like to have
you know I will!
David Beckham looks so hot in the Adidas commercial
This jaywalker near UNMH was stumbling he was drunk of the #zombieapopcalypse has started
Adam James booed heavily by Texas Tech fans at Alamo Bowl last night
Stay away from gossiping friends. When you're away guess who's the topic of their conversation? That's right! You!
