RT : Thanks for the follow My GonBops are 25 years old. Like old friends. They play fantastically and look grt.
Sorry, Jen. Gonna have to stay loyal to my man :-)
you got the mother load you got the stuff i like every time Im with u babe i just get cite
If I ever include in a tweet "RT if you" or any variation of this, feel free to unfollow me. I'd deserve it. And this tweet doesn't count.
I would love to make a song with u!!! Your voice is incredible!! I was on youtube listening 4 a hour mesmorized by it!! <3
Gonna go eat sushi wit and laters tody tho.comin wit a new mix soon either spooky or xmas mix
YW! RT Thanks for the info ! I think we'll drive; figured lot would be full by now. Gotta pay our respects to
hahaha seriously becuase what I was about to type would have been foul, dirty and ranchet LMAOO
Queen City Grill..happy hour til 6:30! ! Check Urbanspoon for flash specials and daily discounts!!!
I did. I've been very confused by that. Nothing the NBA does ever seems to make much sense.
Yes.:D Why?
big bowl of creamofwheat!!
last night was a good timee (:
At work, kinda bored guess that means I'm caught up?
PDX Peeps: Best outdoor happy hour in Portland?!? Thoughts?
Great point -- thanks!
"I saw that all nature is chivalrous and militant. We do wrong to see peace in nature; we should rather seek..
Being in the ER with my babygirl is not how i planned my early morning to go
I love digital April Fool's Day jokes -
#SometimesIGetSickOf Fake Friends
Also finding the screenshots from #usesforwhitespace meme that's started to be quite funny.
Dope ppl united ;)
I was under impression the entire draw for Gov Dayton was the idea of creating a year-round facility for youth sports, etc.
:) Thanks. It's gone by quickly but it's also seemingly taken forever. What a conundrum!
Fuck what they be talking bout , they opinion doesn't count..we the only thing that matters
have you worked with us yet? Would love to connect!
ur not following me?! Follow me back I need to message u
Welcome a new 16x20" heat press into our print shop. It has an automatic lift! SWEET
Deep down, Mariah wants me 😏😜
Take an empty, lifeless room and hang one of your favorite images in it. Watch it come to life.
omg we open today
writing more of your stories any time soon?!(:
Just YouTubed my first Sufjan Stevens song. might be proud.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give ~ Winston Churchill
What a Racquet: Prince is Bankrupt - Memphis Flyer
Good Lord Darius...
Ow!!!April fools day)))Be ready losers'n'geek)))
's response "I want all the dogs."
Can I change my RSVP? RT I rented the karaoke machine today but they did not have any backstreet or nsync sorry
MRI $2500, surgery for yet to be determined issue $5500 + long recuperation in crate. Couldn't do that to 13 yr old dog. :(
gonna start my day off by watching #NeverSayNever :) I <3 you :)
It's just a little rain. Bring your rain boots; snuggle in a corner with a glass of wine!
Not at all, just being a little condescending. Show some love to the rest of the Commonwealth.
Ix-nay on Morey A. I hear they're picking up a new Jinx Falkenberg program instead.
OK so this lion and cheetah raced the cheetah won and the lion said you a cheetah and the cheetah said nah you lion!
winter x & rootbeer floats.
'Cause I'm as free as a bird now. And this bird you cannot change.
tonight just sounds like a good night to chill out with #loveyou # FRIDAYNIGHT
Sammy's shoe chair is on display at BVEN Boutique in our shoe lounge. Stop in, have a seat, try on a new pair of shoes....
"Rule 32: Enjoy the little things" -Zombieland
did you now right handed people live longer than left handed people?
Listen bro, you're wearing a Hollister shirt. So sit down; and shut the fuck up.
I'm reading 'The Extra 2%' by Really enjoying it so far.
RT : ‎Answer: Text (Now I have to go text this answer to my wife)
TY for #following!
Total of places we went to at was 33. Wow.
“: Speak it into existence.......” Turkey club sandwich hold the bacon and an orange juice.
students : summer media/pr internship open for the 2012 VIA Music & New Media Festival
it was a pleasure to finally meet you this evening :)
I love it.
I am trying not to bust out laughing. Her facial expressions are to funny. You know.. I'm good at pranks I got you!:) haha
Washed Out/Cut Copy OR #MFF2011 - Help me make this very tough choice about what to do tonight...
You going to basketball game?
And N.D. just eating shots and taunting him.
Successful all-nighter...But not over yet...
Getting ready to blast second training session today for An actor but more serious in his training than many pro athletes
Smash things? We are starting on Hardcore, which sounds terrifying to me.
whoa. Was self absorbed and didn't realize you were going through this crap too. Which type of this bastard are you fighting?
Only if she new how i really felt.
gotta go down eating the good stuff.
AT 197 and holding!
telling great stories for #prville group
nice punctuation on the espanol!
had a great date day with Kipp: started with some shopping, then a relaxing duo massage, then watched The Help at the movie theatre!
15 In A Bit Wassup , Hot Ass Weather Though :/
Major reason I use Google+ is not work related. It has an awesome photography community
check facebook.... You're in!
ah poor rose ):
Dude you are hijacking my 11-4 #amwriting session son!
Hello MN winter!
thanks. We need all we can get :)
I just got so happy. I know will too: MT #PepsiMax brings back "cheating" #CokeZero delivery guy for #SuperBowl ad.
I believe it. Flying right now is so unbelievably expensive because of fuel.
God so loved the world that he gave his only son for our sins.
ALLDAY!! RT : You know you fuck'in her so good you got her legs shaking
Don't know personally, but I very much doubt it.
thank you Jackie! :)
we can totally take her to Hollywood parties and she'd probably out drink us
We open the season tomorrow vs. Colorado State. Are you ready?
opens in LA, NY & Austin today. It serves as proof that needs to be cast in more films!
great! see you there. :)
And the 231 mil. % inflation and 95 % unemployment??! MT : As we approach #Mayday let us reflect on the great progress we have made.
No she didn't
Whos coming out for #BIGHAIR Night tonite? Rock that Big SEXY 80's Do & get in for #FREE! Jay Kruz will be in the House! Doors
Even though Spencer said to acquire links from PDFs, I don't think it's worth the effort. HTML is easier.
what can kill a heart? love, and some other stuff. what can heal a heart? the problem i cant figure out.
No friends
#WhenIGetBored I dance and sing around in my room
Thanks for the kind words, Navid? Really appreciate the support.
I'm probs gunna move to the south when I'm older
I dnt want to leave tcc its the best thing to ever happen to me! please anyone who can help me please send a letter to the TPS school CEO!!!
You're too funny! Alright! Alright! Alright!
I dislike it when u open a mag & u see women in clothing that like could only fit ppl who where a size 2 honestly wht happened 2 curves
First bite of month-old Pringles: not so bad. Second bite: Stale. Salt and vinegar only temporarily masks the taste.
Internet explorer launched a new add campaign? Thats just sad
i was at wests prom and i swear i thought i saw , or his twin....
Thanks for following ! Let's not be strangers (:
haha you guys
Since I need to be on this for my archaeology class, I might as well use it. :) tweet tweet!
NO RT I just read an article talkin about how much more happier you'd be if you kept having sex with your ex
#chep3 Powerful examples of reflection, digital storytelling creates a whole new perspective on understanding
But don't THEY always say that "money doesn't matter?"
I was surprised that he knew pure english.! O___O
rachael wouldn't let you either! Lol :)
Lez go USA
Been a rush since I got home. Dinner all cooked by other half and tea in travel mug. Off to forest of dean now :(
RT : Annoying job interview question: "Why would you like to work here?" Uh, to get a paycheck, smart one.
GET BATTIER OUT GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!
Over here feeling some kinda way ..
Did you get hacked or was it your manager?
Ha. Very true. Very true.
dont know what u talkin bout.
is this card friendly or should we load up on cash? Thanks.
Stores are closing at 2:30pm (2pm in Oconomowoc & Delafield) for a company meeting. We're back at 6:30am tomorrow
One of the most delightful products of our industrial farming system is "pink slime," aka "lean, finely textured beef," a slurry of a..
Making moves today & it's about time. Let me tell you hard work pays off
Can i leave now
My man BowWow, hope to God you don't do nothing stupid to yourself and everything. Still praying for you
God "knew" you would do that....
Im exhausted! #turnoutthe lights
2 flasks at dry wedding with jesus music = godsend
Chocolate is so good, dogs are really missing out.
sounds fun put me on the list
Spent quality time w/good friends last night. Feeling grateful today. How about you?
I swear I fell asleep a couple of hours ago.
To predict the future, we need logic; but we also need faith and imagination, which can sometimes defy logic itself....
I never clap and tell ;)
There would be #snow on a #leapday....its not even a real day
I was just looking on your page and laughing. Idek why.
getting the final issues to the printer is always a major relief. Can't wait to share it with you!
...print reward flyers for distribution! go to www.fortheloveoflisa.com and click on the Spread the Word tab!!!
what up Britt?
yea hopefully u get a reply from James
Sunsets remind me of you b/c of that one time you said sunsets look better when you're high.
Miley is so hot :)
The people around me start to annoy me more and more everyday.
Do you have any paperbacks of Imaginary Girls yet? I want one!
Blackberry Sounds interesting! Thank-you for the follow. Iam alao following you!
G-nome surfer project
RT Vinyl sales have already increased by 41% in 2011, according to Nielsen Soundscan. Just sayin'.
Every girl...Has that one conversation running in their head of what they wish he’d say.
Lowest point for Colts in 10 years though. Was it lowest rated SNF ever?
Get a life... To all of those haters who like to create drama.
Casilla doing what he does best against the Tigers!
I fell judged
I wanna go to north carolina and visit
what are you trying to do
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
RIP: Steve Jobs - the world has come to love and depend on you, and your electronics, and you will be sadly missed. May you rest in peace.
Excited for Summer Social today !
facebook would be best.
I'm getting there, fast or slow, I'm going to achieve it.
Turns out, the weekend wanted only to devour my immune system whilst out with friends.
/// I'm done ranting.......Buzzards|For Namesake|Fab Five coming soon for all of my TRUE fans........true QUALITY HIP HOP fans.
Looking forward to meeting you! Excited by our OKL sale 4/26 Rt: Thrilled to be here at the #DBC2012!”
Hey Sam, never heard back from ya about trading food for Internet marketing work. We're game if you are!
Just got my first ticket so that's awesome.
thank YOU!
Really? I got up at 6 a.m. and spent an hour at the gym? Am I on drugs?
Wow this week is been full of surprises... I'm just happy I survived
Thank you for doing the exhausting gruntwork of reporting this story live for us to follow online.
everyone get ready for "Disconsolation"! saturday! tell all your friends to give it a listen, I promise it sounds sick!
next weekend will be so much better, with the long lost best friend <3 & birfday party with the fammmm <3
Today's Theme: sweet, sweet redemption!! :)
#aci12 a special thanks to Peter Troast of for inviting me up to present on his roundtable!!
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Thank you for the shout out!
The ONE day that I don't have my ID, because I left it in my f speeding tix envelope, I get carded at TWO places?!
Coming down to the wire. Rehearsals tomorrow and Sunday. New Playwrights festival April 27th and 28th. Show opens May 6th. Crazy fab. life!
The roads look great!! Git on down here!
I swear I be doing boss sh!*...... Im proud of my damn self!!!
It was a great panel! I found out about it 2 hours before and was glad I could join.
Double stacks no longer a dollar...the world must be ending.
in the middle of bloodlines and i just want people to leave me alone so i can READ READ READ!
Michigan wins only because of the kickers awesome beard and 'stache. He needs a nickname.
#bestdefenceinpremierleague. That is all
yes yes you are.
That way I'll get to see you. So rethinking where to go now.
says could get a job if he could just skip the interview.
“: I have the best girlfriend anyone could ask for ... She is just one of my many blessings Thank you Lord” I love you baby 💋
This has been the week from hell.
Anyone else feel like their follower number is off? Ours seems to keep decreasinge even with notices of new followers daily.
. SO FREAKING AWESOME! Wish I could've been at that talk
I watched Turkey Bowl this weekend., I liked it, and you are a natural! Good job, Troy :-)
": Lol what a friend you are" quit sub tweeting,
I just sent & an uber long (& hopefully great) email. Totally jealous you get to eat there & hang with them.
I don't one anymore tho but u can always make it a tweet lol
There's always going to be someone to judge you, and you really can't do anything about it. So just be yourself.
I have NEW artwork at Art Whino's "FLIK" and the DC Art Center's "Wall Mountables"! ...who doesn't dig robots and chihuahuas?
Clintonville farmers market goes until noon!
Ron Artest is a straight up thug. Not even getting a new legal name would change that, though he's from not to far from my hood...
#advenchas I'm jamming out with myself right now
Go on "Savevideo.me" and put in all the links in there one by one...It took a while but I got all of them downloaded :)
hmm please check with live help, it might not be available on your package
I call my sense of style "post-taste". It's very progressive.
Last AP exam mañana
no venue has contacted us yet. If we get the chance we'll make it happen!
Not yet... I'm just not sure exactly what to say! If my paper was in better shape, I'd send him a draft...
Hey Monster .!! How Are You .?
i am going to keep tweeting you untill you follow me.....lol jk
Just want this school year to be over with already.
Will you plz follow me
When people give you unnecessary attitude -- yeah, you're cool.
Kinda hoping the new showrunner for Community is Chevy Chase
If soy sauce undermines the health benefits of my quinoa and #KZX tonight, I don't wanna know. CC:
we are going to tie die when we go to my camp, okay? you better be able to come!!!
Yeah, authoratarian comments on an unresearchable topic make you sound like a twat. Which dead person did you speak with?
RT : French offer "full surrender" & welcome lightning as their new leader. “: Lightning hits French president's plane”
I is so hungry right now I could eat a small child
Derek Mitchell picked as US ambassador to Burma. Still no word on selecting an ambassador to Burma Shave.
It would also be nice to visit the folks at Simpleview the next time I come out
Wonder if the Warhol Gun that sold was the one that appeared in Iron Man 2.
lol its not the board game, its on the xbox lol
follow ! follow ! follow !
Wait! I forgot I had 16 more Husbands .. Woops! ;)
PORTLAND....GOTCHA in the crosshairs!
Thank you! I love doing it
New watch :D yee! ty swag:]
Are you coming out with anymore music videos for #AYNIN ?
#CNNdebate was a victory for #RonPaul, #Grassroots spreads slow, but won't die. cause we got #ROOTS and will continue to grow
No sleep tonight, only Pandora
Hehehe... just take up the slack.
@ 1 time, I was a Lakers fan, when REAL men played for the team. No more. My heart bleeds #thunder blue #THUNDERUP!
welcome back! looking forward to seeing you. will be in touch about sched.
Valentines Day is around the corner. Book a room for that special night at the Comfort Suites-Lawrenceville.
Just saw a band I love sing a song I love in a place I love. Amazing. Great set,
well zendaya fans how are you all doing tonite?????
Dot be callin me from no unknown numbers on that bs
Less than 2 weeks until #SACFair! So excited to see everyone!
Love is photogenic..... Sometimes It has to go through a lil darkness to develop.
now following my new #teamrandom buddy ->>>>>>>>>>>>
UConn may have won tonight, but they will get destroyed by Marquette
Minnesota vikings might move to l.a.? #LAVIKINGS?
you are so very awesome!!!
Can't wait. Wrigley Rooftop sounds like a blast. #summertimechi ": yes and yes!"
I'm 100% 50/50 about going to the HRC Gala this weekend.
Happy almost easter!!!
hear hear
Farmer's Market inspired vegetarian sandwich recipe - undefined
Idc if my moms mad I had the best day with & (:
Eating dinner with my family and friends while enjoying my vacation! :)
We are out on Long Island.
It's going to be in the low 70s all week!
naw. I'm outta there. On a mission. I'll call you when it's a mission accomplished.
Come see me with the rest of the cast and crew from CREATURE! We open today and will be @ Chinese Theater @ 8:00!
Future of IT study from NASA JPL CIO #premier100conf "work w/anyone from anywhere w/ any data using any device @ any time"
Almost done reading the second Hunger Games book ( Catching Fire)😝😱🔥
(2/2) Today's quick tip: to invite healthy energy into your home, keep shoes away from the front door! Got something to add?
The always fab Sina Soul is in our Black Diamond Lounge tonight. Please join us! 6:30p-9:30p
no texas open?
So nervous for the quinceanera but hope it all goes Awomee ^__^
I miss u....i said we should chill
61% of Facebook users who identified as Super Bowl fans posted status updates during the game in 2011.
Thank you both for coming and supporting! RT : RT : off to Gallery's Gala event - happy 20th!
congrats on graduating. Enjoy the day it'll go by fast. Wish I could be there
Turned out to be a beautiful night... C'mon out & play Om Lounge....
Likewise! appreciate all the great advice!
hey can you tell me who won the game 😉
I just caught a bunch of kids trying to jump my fence. The funniest part is my fence isn't locked...
If you want a brick home in a school zone, with the doors locked & alarms on, girl you're way off track, I'm a little more country than that
ain't they?
i never tweet you anymore cause obviously you have more fans but still i thought i'd take a chance and say good night . (:
Please follow mee? (:
: Sorry, why?
I tell my dog he is my best friend in the form of an original song. I'd never actually talk to my human BFF that way...so, I don't know.
remember when eleanor was my icon and people thought that was creepy wtvr.
I hate that people forget how to drive when it snows.
These niggas so thirsty
I woke up to see you guys following me... it's been a good morning! :)
Just you wait...the pics will hit FB soon
Why would you buy followers? Most of them are from a 3rd world country or spam.
its so much better to make them now...now that we have a 15 minute limit imposed by
u in new Orleans? can't wait to get there for
#FindingMeAgain When life got hard, I would go stand on my two-by-two yard... I had a place for hope... I was grateful.
thats why he was smiling 😜
Right how convenient I was 4. I must've really understood that World Series run while wearing my Jeter jersey
The victorias secret pandora ad is really the only one I don't mind
...episode will be in TRUE CLEAR 720p HD! YESS!
Even adults sometimes have a hard time eating their veggies. What’s your least favorite vegetable?
man stallion? Like a Centaur?
if you haven't had the chance, visit americanwonks.com for lots of great #wonk challenges and profiles. New ones are coming soon!
That was deep.
... you guys sound great on TV :)
not the tool I was actually expecting :) wasted again on california red? happy HAPPY hour.
what would I have to do for you to say, "Sade, I will do your website!"
I thought the #steelers play calling was strange. #Saints trying to run on 3rd and goal?
#nowplaying Stefon Harris, "A Cloud of Red Dust"
he rides BMX?
haha. I haven't noticed that yet - needed the laugh!!
RT : reading "Foul", the story of Connie Hawkins. candidate for a "30 in 30," (Need 2 raise awareness-UNREAL)
RT u r a true patriot Mr. Forbes! I'll never forget your devotion to my amazing Governor. You're a great person!
I think you forget sometimes hun. Nerds are sexy, BUT not all of them.
But many times, it is up to the ticket buyer to "customize" tweet. Can we as sellers do that?
sands watchin the daughter play bb. Go
#oomf loves to hurt my feelings 😒😔 night.
"And rain falls angry on the tin roof. As we lie awake in my bed.You're my survival, you're my living proof. My love is alive and not dead."
HOLY CRAP THAT'S 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE AND 4 DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!!! WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!! :D
Today is a good day for him.
But thank you for the RT & compliment.
we back fa more....3 peat, ya dig?
Watching a documentary called Being Elmo. Who knew watching a show about the man behind the hand behind the puppet would be so interesting!
Okay, what happened? ;)
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, January 14, but open on Friday, January 13, and Monday, January 16.
- how is it working out for you?
"89384495969696960372626261536"..... Was I shouting or talking at a normal volume?
I love Penny, so I would definitely try another metallic from Zoya!
Thanks, gimme a sec on that ill be back wit u..lol
Oh yes, I would love pizza and cake for my birthday. Why don't we just go to Chuckie Cheese?
The Basics of Ball Position and Golf Swing
oh ya I dropped that there. #gimme ;)
glad to help!
This just in . A bizarre story about a nurse, a mad scientist and medical records. Up next. Stay tuned. Heard on channel two.
Was really sweatin' getting that last tweet down from 200 to a cool 120. Only took about 15 mins. Little victories - what life's all about.
I totally agree! Mix-tapes are the best. I just found a bunch from college! Dated myself with that comment. :)
From your love is my drug to there tour that is happening now . I love these boys and all the other ICONiacz i can forever call my family<3
This black cloud can STOP following me today...
Ooh they look nice!
#childhoodtv - The Amanda Show : "This is the court room of Judge Trudy" ; "Bring in the dancing lobsters!"
April is #FinancialLiteracyMonth! From taxes to IRA contributions, make sure your team of Financial experts are on their job!
I am so hungry
3 deaths for us this year, my toddler doesn't grasp it. Keep memories alive as long as you can. They will fade 4 her
I could see Jason Statham in that role
Happy TFIF (Turning Fear Into Freedom) Friday! What are your plans for Earth Day?
Where are you right now? Your tweets are all over!
You should track down Jasmine at Flying Fish in Mt. P.....laid-back look always catches my eye (vintage or not!)
“: #MentionTo your friend who talks so loud.”
I did but I can't find it
Just heard an announcer say David Wright isn't playing tonight cause he has a sore pinky.
Back in the Saddle After 9 Trips to Rehab
Author Lynee Gaillet will speak @ 8AM session on rhetorical gateways
lol u gotta turn the tables some times
Thank you for the sweet comment That's a major compliment coming from a pro like you:) x
I still can't believe what's happening to Alaric... #TVDFamily I am scared. uh. What do ya think it's going to happen with him? x
And only u can give a breathe of life but you dont see me (8)
Ocean Grill?
wishing D Rose was playing tonight...Not to worry with the Bench Mob in the house. Go Bulls!
Ewww I really wish #dickmovies wasn't a trending topic right now!
MY MUM SAID I CAN BUY THE VOCALIZEU AP!!! I'm gonna win this contest<3
Assuming I can keep my phone and Skype quiet long enough, I will. :-)
your dreams have come true. The legend has joined twitter!
I just let out the weirdest scream. Sheamus pinned Damnit.
Merry Christmas. I'd love to see peace in Sudan. What's your wish for a gift this Christmas?
Just got done wit pizza and wings its not delivery its digiorno next paperplane time
just because people give you a bad reputation, doesn't mean you are that kind of person. after all, it's only what people THINK you are.
If only The Dollar Store sold gasoline...
Today seemed to go by so slow 7pm could not get here any faster
Except when I take the seats out of the van and let everyone fly around when I slam on the brakes!
It's Fat Tuesday! Be careful tonight, drive safe!
last night at skylight theatre was such a treat! what a fun, super talented group! loved it :)
Whoa. You got hot.
Back on the road
Cyril you absolute ripper!!
Who wants to win 2 tix to the #NIT ? Come back at NOON!
miss elke is still sleeping... she is gonna be thrilled for a puppy play date!
Aww...I'm assuming not in the city?? You should see the locket B gave me for my b-day. It's a bunny...on a book!
you and the twins are the biggest two faced bitches to ever walk thiis earth, you guys are digusting ugly ass bitches! thanks.
And it's not even my birthday.. !
www.3sgiants.com- Come check us out! Head to our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants, and become a fan! Thanks for all the support! :)
Your opinion is not a fact
#WhyDoiAlways do something dumb AF when I'm talking to girls.......
Someone explain this to me tomorrow... RT : ke$ha is outside the library in 5 min. be there, get glitter cannon'd
Still waiting on our website to be finished: long process with MANY glitches! Was AT&T the best choice? We'll see.
If someone busts my new polish stoneware mugs on this bus I will be supremely displeased. Let me live.
sorry, im late on the atreplies. maxies? lets set up a date. they actually have several veggie friendly items. maybe b4 alice fri?
About the snow? I guess nothing is impossible.
happy, Yes news in my inbox this morning! one step closer to my great adventure. Happy day!
Excited to learn Shark Tank is coming back for another season. Not excited that Jeff Foxworthy will be a guest judge.
And yet, you still made the murder threat, and supported/endorsed it.
I'm in for $100!
Push ups are great for abs too. I don't know it works but I can always tell, every 2-3 years when I try push ups. :)
Why do I feel like a shit? I'm always the downfall of all conversations.
Enjoy ur life! = To have an experience
Love ! Cheers!
False Evidence Appearing Real (#FEAR) Get it out of your heart stay strong and your prayer with
I'm pinning but I may be too impatient... are there multiple pins of the same post? Now how do I fix that?
No event is too small for us to cater. Holla at us soon to get on our schedule.
Hopefully 's plans to relaunch Bungalow 8 will reboot #NYC's social scene. Amy, your vision continues to inspire.
Washing Your Ass W/ The Same Rag You Wash Your Face With...Is Not Cool
oh man. could you imagine? who says that? haha
Promise??!!? lol “: I am ima be holding a we love Lita sign at ya 1st competition. Lol”
If there is no passion in what you do you will never be happy!!! :)
Congrats! : Honored to serve a full term as OKGOP State Chairman. Thank u to the 1,000 plus delegates who attended!
Is it i(don'tunderstandverbagreement)AMvay? RT Library this whole week! No bs. The people who work there is going to know my name.
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Uh oh get ready Philly...big Kyle got a haircut!!!!
zing brilliant
Hey! I was totally buried last weekend, sorry I missed you! How's SF?
Follow my new followers
What a devastation in missouri!! :(
Community, Workaholics, That 70's show, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia,The Office! You?
Sure RT : boo hoo sad story, can we start over?
i be playing angry birds <3
That's cool I'm Spanish as well I live in my u?
Um ... don't waste goat cheese people.
Good night tweeple. Rest soundly.
Welcome to Douche Bag island!
link me to roberts facebook !
Why you crying? Chocolate bunny? (George López voice)
Full moon shinin' bright, edge of the water, we were feelin' alright.. :)
Happy birthday to my main girl and twin, ! love you! can't wait to celebrate our birthdays Saturday!
You are such a big inspiration! Plz follow back
Lil' Wayne.. Where did you see that ?
thanks for doing that. I followed along from #Austin and it seemed like a great conference cc:
we are so grateful for your incredible genersoity! Many many thanks! The jewelry is beautiful!
Bill Cunningham's New York was SO good! Highly recommend. We love that man.
just trying to check up on u... makin sure all is well.
Are the riot police forming down on Route 1, #Terps looking good
thanks for broadcasting my rash, . still itchy. i don't want to dance with anybody.
by the way nice looking code breaker Sunday night... Do you have your own name for the finisher?
Hello, dear. I am well and blessed. How about you? Decided what you're getting for your mother?
um YES. can kerstin come with us?
At #WonderCon today! Anyone else in my tweet feed there?
I know my old butt still doing pranks.
yeah..were gonna be in it.
2-2 top of 8th. Dee Gordon just singled with 2 outs k rod pitching for crew
I love when i can feel the sun like soaking in my skin .
Never say sex. sex
Just coached my sons soccer team to a great win!
glad you enjoyed the presentation!
As well as submitting to Starz Denver Film Fest!
i know.. its all ways the same thing.. almost verbatim.. sad actually
Are you FUCKING kidding me ...
California is loving our Super Bowl Squares as we've seen many sign ups from that state..what about the other 49 of u?......
Breakfast date with grandma :)
My turn for quads. 31.5k.
COME ON YOU GUNNERS. ... man city, you can win, too.
Even the language used was meant to be a scare tactic.
Turkey day side dish: Brussles sprouts and pancetta roasted with Hott sauce #1spicy, smokey, porky and delicious!
Someone little fucking jit really pulled the fire alarm in my building
I'm sorry but this is not a good statement
Great call with in preparation for 's Client Summit in May. Super exciting to speak with such an expert!
A decidedly smaller percentage of plaid button-ups tonight Nice work, male music fans.
Each one of us has a responsibility on this earth plane to open up and live our divine aspect.
Also, don't tell my mom I posted a video where you can hear her talking.
It may make the reader/listener more apprehensive, but doesn't mean that what the person is saying is wrong.
i hope your not like the rest of them, if you know what i mean! :O (itanimulli)
“: When someone doesn't text you back but it says they read it <<<”
No problem! Officially 'followed back' :)
Last #AFT happening right now!
> "My Inner Meatball' appearing in Wayne's World 3 opening up for "The Shitty Beatles" and "Crucial
Another Amazing Code Red Friday Night thanks to everyone that came to party, dance and have a good time!!!
37 degrees?!?! Glad I'm watching on tv
nala enjoys following your tweets as well <3 hahaahh
#CorporateGreed executives earn higher salaries, but they also take much heavier responsibilities with higher job difficulties.
Thought for the day: "The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions." - William F. Scholavino
oh that's terrible! :(
Scout has USC with 14 LOIs, not including Murphy or Rogers. Still room for Miles?
it would be an excellent gift. and so be it. I'm going to ask Burnsed for a set.
you're in charge of Timmy's first win! RT “: I'm at AT&T Park! :) Go Giants”
Cool! It never snows here. Stupid Florida. lol
haha sorry Z you should have stayed on the WM side but it was a good game indeed
#BuildDayMemories Rico falling off the ladder.
she said she the one for me
Dr. Gordon and What's the most appropriate way 2 address compensation for a position w/o making a poor impression?
Good luck!!! Praying for you!!
i miss you homie. I've been working odee lately ask
Coming home in different clothes than the ones you left in <<<
“: Someday I’ll find my love, someone to call my own. –Snow White” awww.  #ForeverAlone lmao
Whatup, Stephen? Hope tour life is treating you well. Go Jersey Boys!
Y'all, I think I ordered the last half smoke of the night, but let's lobby to add it to the menu. It was yummy!
We're taking a quick break, but we'll be right back on #ProsOnCall! Call (719) 265-9661 with your questions!
You are welcome! I mentioned your gig on Wed.
Also, I would like to request that "Pinpeople" become the official noun for Pinterest users. Shades of the Twilight Zone.
*Great advice
Why is life so hard?:/
Iight I got u.. u know some bigs?
More famous than players. great stuck in Politico by shared underlying biological rhythm?
Lowest usability scores in 2011 study were energy use and online pay. Customers want to pay wo login, fees, or going paperless.
Jake smells... New seats?!
Thank you :)
supermoon = same ole moon
and many others in #uwmjmc307 now know where the instructor lives #addresslabels... Uh Oh. ;p
*mwah* a trois
BREATHE to Receive!!!
#IIPC12 "Angle brackets are deep in our culture, a focus on the technical and practical." (regarding the logo)
Lunchtime Taco bell chicken quesadilla and smart water
Fox Sports San Diego is so much better already then CH 4 ever was
“: #peikitchenparty Almost 5000 visitors to the web site today!” wonderful
enjoyed the #boxing talk!!
Thanks for the 411
John Medina: 'The Brain is so sensitive to external experiences that it can be rewired thru exposure to cultural influences' (+ #Meditation)
shows no results for 'Dont wana go home' but lots of results for 'Dont wanNa go home' - certainly not the best search algorithm
But the media will continue to dictate to the sheep that LeBron is awful in the clutch while Wade is always the hero.
Much love to for rallying the Seattle crew for 's Beat the Bridge. Who wants to join me, run/walk?
with bill bye?
I want some of what peter griffens on.!
FTW is cliche and it's probably taken, I like Hope In Her Eyes, it's original and it seems a lot more personal
My favorite litigators to
Opening night for the #Spurs basketball season. Time to show the Grizzlies that they are in our house!
Travel dreams last night lead to restlessness today.
yayyyy! I miss your happy face!
Breakfast was pizza and that has me feeling 😣😠
Im finally hydrated and the headache is gone
Masterpiece Classic spring lineup is KILLIN IT
Nice job, , on #MadMen..."got some bad news" had #DonDraper worried there for a sec! Congrats on the work, Tom.
RT : Make me a happy girl by sending me texts signed "SH."
Tonight is going to be one to remember. Happy Cinco De Mayo 🎉😜😁🍻🍺
Family beach trip to Pismo California.............
Loving life and every moment makes things 10x better for you to accomplish your dreams
he'll return kicks for a couple years then move on. He's not a good fit in Harbaugh's system anyway.
if it was open i probably would have made the fam wait while i rode it. like i do with the giant drop.
ABSOLUTELY! The Russians have been doing this for quite some time. Stop all the PC talk and move on ...
I can't believe it's only Tuesday. I'm already exhausted!
I aint tryna start nuthin but I wish Tamika was still dressing Usher j/s
What's up Twitter?
"What I mean by killer instinct is, sometimes I just like to cut things. The sight of blood is a turn on for me."
C's lose by 9 but even with D-Wade's dominance... could've went differently. Lot of open misses...and Pierce was booted for most of 4th.
Hard to imagine Time Square dark. RT Lights out in Times Square. The latest from our digital team. fb.me/IrpP7BIC
The Agile software engineering combines a set of developing paths and the philosophy of the customer and provider working in close collabora
exactly take hard work and a decision and taking action towards your goals every day!
I'm lost in Buckhead and my husband won't answer his phucking phone.
hell yeah! “: not only did you guys convince me to join twitter but i now have 12 introductions to look forward to!”
i wish i did change but i didnt post that, trust me if i was on a diet or had a midlifecrisis everyone would know
I shouldn't have suggested going out tonight. I just want to be at home under a blanket reading hunger games. Chug chug chug!
If Sonic Youth and Rick James had ever collaborated, they would have been obligated to call the song "Fuck Yr Couch"
Yes ma'am! That's what they train me for, to be invincible haha. Love hurts. :p Oh yes, well I hope you enjoy. Who's playing?
Go get 'em
GL - Like A Boss. Beast Mode. Punish Them.
still waiting for a pic showing off the new color.. ~brian :)
hey so anyone who wants to follow gets a shoutout!
I've trained teachers before.. They might be good learners, but they can make horrible students
#bitcheswhowontdateme Barbara Bush!
Wal-Mart probe could brighten Obama to give evidence related to Wen Sri Lanka ordering mosque move after.
Ugh. I don't know I feel so shitty .
kill them with kindness viv! they're just thirsty. :)
A man that can hold my attention with conversation is a step above many...
I really hope they come back with a big pop record
Listen to , make a phone pledge by 6PM and your gift will be matched through the Hoyt Foundation! Call 800-457-KIDS
dude your awesome
Good nigjt people, hay, hay hay smoke weed every day... by bitches...
2 months from 60 & I'm listening to Hot Mess by Cobra Starship. 40 years ago I thought by now I'd be enjoying the best of Lawrence Welk.
“The most difficult thing in my life was driving from the doctor’s office to tell my wife, Cookie, I had HIV." -Magic Johnson
Oh how we'd love to do a Groupon for Clevelanders!
yum!! I'm actually waiting for a baked crab roll as we speak.
#CoachellaLive Cold Cave>>>> terrible.
Is that any different than when he was younger? I could never understand him.
RVP is that dude. Soccer on Fox will only work if they show games of this magnitude. No one wants to see QPR v. Rovers.
I think its time to go on a diet. I fell down today and rocked myself to sleep trying to get up.
Never give up..
Editing episode 3 now…posting soon!
Web design company is a part of Adodis Technologies, an ISO 9001-2008 certified website design company.
Rainy Days & Wednesdays?
We grinding for us
#YourBiggestProblem is that you put ALL of your business out there and expect people not to judge you
don't worry Kim mine aren't done either
RT : If we take ourselves too seriously as leaders, we block our ability to be creative
Do you have kids? Follow
Finally watched, DIRTY HARRY.. total badass movie!
Today was NOT my day. Hope I feel better by tomorrow mornin
Go Die In A Fire.
Thanks for the love from all our new followers!
Hiding from 's sister and her friends under a cabinet in the bathroom<333
Alpha-1: This condition may result in serious lung and/or liver disease at various ages in life. #charity, #nonprofits, #alpha1,
M... anchovies
Left my charger at your house , my phone is currently dead too !!!! :( Please grab it and put it in your car !
Are companies missing the mark with Pinterest or are people truly engaged with these brands?
Habituation/possibility/probability/desirability/appealing-ness. Title of this lexical problem set could be :: taking things out of context
Congratulations Jay-Z, you now have 100 problems.
super awesome day so far <3
Why doesn't everyone have their phone attached to their hand as I do?
Once again a member of The Mile High Club!!! ;) Round 2 of speech & solo acoustic performance in Denver.
It's gonna be great! Bring your friends!
#replacebandsnameswithboobs one boob
Yes I already seen it last night <3
I saw Westworld when it was first released. Creepy Yul Brenner. You could also think of it as intellectual source material for Jurassic P.
hey when are you down here again?
I need to finish it.
About to go on, get here!! 309 White St, Norman, OK!
Sitting in the conference room with Carter Ferrington listening to his 1-minute campaign at DCBI
#MyDreamsCameTrue I have a new job volunteer 2 start but will B a paid job doing wat I luv 2 do :)
On set and freezing!!
no probe
The airports freezing D:
my ex really mad cus imoved on tho. o well.
creating positive clothing
Reasonable request. Granted.
this also isn't the first time he's opened the season on a tear.
Grab some food and chill tonight
So happy. My mom just bought me and my best friend concert tickets. Yyyaaaaaayyyyy. I can't wait.
Customer service - assume positive intent
Join us for "(IN)JUSTICE for Michael Austin," a play written by #UMCareyLaw Students based on a #Baltimore man wrongly imprisoned for...
Come out and meet some fans and friends! RT Attn CoMo: Pick up soccer tonight at 5:15 behind West Blvd. Elem.
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
Congress has spent yet another day discussing trade policy.
i love how when religious people preach oh this and this is wrong and no one should do it it sundenly becomes okay when they decide to do it
better get his broom ready, to sweap the Predators!!!
He does not get it through his head that I don't want him .
Twitter makes tweeting seem like a challenge "Tell the world whats happening in 140 characters or less!" *!i luvv yuu!*
Engage the kids in imagination & fun with storytelling, music and learning every Wed. from 9:30-10:15 for FREE @ the Balloon Museum.
Spirited discussion of pres. workflows, microservices, & what archivists need to understand re Dig Asset Man. and archival work
Finance test next Friday?!
i just wish girls would stop being so insecure and just accept themselves the way they are.
No hard sauce with my bread pudding? Ripped off in NYC.
oh my gosh that's so adorable! Hahahaha
And the CBO has done the math and determined HCR will insure 30 million+ uninsured and reduce the federal deficit over 10 years.
What an amazing anayltics tool that I can never stop checking for my personal site
KP is a very hospitable batsman, always serving the bowlers bread with fresh fig jam
Thanks for the shout out! Rock Chalk!
You should still be working with me and RT JojoFireSlaw The M's offense is clicking on all cylinders. It's a beautiful thing.
I've observed student after student in the past two days walk away from a monitor exclaiming, "Didn't even finish the book!"
You know you are truly hitting it when the spam links hit your trending stream at #smbmad. No I don't want to "look at this" with your egg
Atlanta's defense is too
Thank you for the Follow.
yes I know do you have his new cd
Car wash and a show lmao the washer broke some red cars window 😂
I want to go to benihana who coming with me?
bahaha that would be great, but no. Apparently there was also a prisoner/policeman duo running, didn't see them though.
Thanks for the love guys! It's gonna be a great season for riding!!!
brother have you talked to Ej?
wiz and snoop new number ten on seacrests countdown.......proud.
hahah shure it is!!! ;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!..!!
left lane supreme...
I think mumford and sons is one of the mother lyrically talented music groups of our time. I really love them.
big al's three to cut it down to 13 really was the turn around point IMO.
please let me know...my son has "special needs" according to some trainers i have talked to. doggie short bus!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
Ready for the Brits 2012 with Bethan Griffiths
I can
kick's off February 2morrow at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine w/ new items on their menu that u won't want to miss! (5:30-9pm)
#NP Love This Life
Starting the first episode of Case Closed. Gotta catch up to matthew who is on episode 70. -_-
All in the game, yo.
I like that you view it as an issue. Says a lot about the kinda guy you are. Too bad more women and men don't think the same.
RT : I'm amused by those who remind us that their twitter accounts are "personal" accounts and that all views are "their own."
OMG! Suzy! You're too much, I guess you never switched! LOL Hope you're out having a drink or 2... :)
Just posted some new #SXSWi pics on our Facebook page, check us out there, or message us to meet up at SXSW!
The new Avengers movie made everyone in the theatre laugh there ass off . But then again it kicked ass!! <3
The most important actions are never comfortable. ~ Tim Ferriss
wait you graduate at 16?
Thank you for the #FF my friend!
best of luck with the doc. Despite your issues, you sounded phenomenal this weekend.
Awesome! RT : I taught PechaKucha to my students last year...it is amazing and concise!
Yea we been working on our mixtape but we do need to start leaking tracks
Don't forget to check out my videos "A Talk With Ms. Weeks" and "Bloomingdale Meet and Greet".
OH Stop stealing your neighbors cheap Internet....
Masquerade Atlanta...Heaven Stage...October 15...Who's coming?
spring 2012 DangerousVintage relaunches new site feat new high fashion collection ____________________
FREE cupcakes for everyone!!!!! Just kidding
honestly love seeing you having a great time with your mates. xoxxx
Awards Show tonight @ Acme. nominated in multiple categories. So very proud.
Check out the Iron Mountain jump at #ARMA11. Fun stuff!
2 days left of school until break! YAY!
Let us know when you have arrived with a dm or @ reply
thanks 4 the years of support! Hope to see you @ the album release show in May!
BREAKING NOW Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler steps aside in George Zimmerman's second-degree murder trial
waking up at 5am to hit abs and shoulders at #ballys #fitness goodnight everyone
Ppl let they kids come out the house looking any kind of way. Nappy ass heads clothes all holey and shit
People shouldn't be priced out of college edu. But I don't think everyone must go to college. We need useful graduates, not com majors
food coma
OMG T daaaaawg you are so brave! Love it!!!!
I'm ok
Excited to host our #WOMMA Wine Wednesday tonight. Stay tuned for pictures and our presentation from the night.
couldn't of said it better myself brotha
um excuse me??
re: optimization. Yeah. Man, if I can just write well compartmentalized, readable code I'm happy.
We're racing to keep enough iced coffee on hand today. The Cenaproc over ice is really mellow.
thanks for everything babe. I love you <3
I hate the Beatles and Led Zeppelin.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but, can you bring me a plate of pancakes?
Great live session of Ind Week in Review at #PRSAHoosier luncheon!
Here comes Bubba, here comes Phil, here comes Kuchar!! It's Sunday at the Masters baby!!
thanks for the #ff:)
I just want to chill today no lie.
I have no doubt this will be a close election, but polls are indicating that Obama begins the G.E. with a head start.
I think that the number of balance bars that I have been eating = an unbalanced diet. Hmm...
But darlin' you are the only exception...
I'm shocked you are awake right now
Well, monday's in the books. A little rough at first, but I got it under control.
"Best of Designers" Paris Paris, Randall Designs, Barking Fire Couture & Mombomb showcased 1/18/11 www.catwalkforacause.com
who has the new fb timeline? any complaints so far?
Ford Drives Innovation, Intellectual Property Development through TechShop Membership Incentive for Smart Ideas
aye bitch stop that lying.......
Tomorrow night? Still on? I can't wait to see your face, pretty!
i agree
About to start the herb garden for #EdiblesRestaurant , any tips on cheap potting soil ?
• Just the rest of the series...not the whole playoffs
Definitely. RT : Congratulations to my friends at gunup.com. Now can you make some time to go shooting?
yours too :-)
Coach Patsos - the man that double teamed Steph Curry the entire game as Curry stood in the corner -Davidson won by 30
hah yeah it's starting!
So good running into !! Missed so much!!!
I hate Michigan State.
lol, that's good. Was it hard?
no problem! >_<
Friday night shifts seem to last so much longer than other shifts.
Thank God for waking me up this morning todays gonna be a good day !!!
I'm sitting at this restaurant waiting for my food doing that exact thing...lol
i say more backstage shenanigans. haha :) those are fun.
oh scuse me I mean SAG-AFTRA dues lol
yeah you already see lots of IB in clustered systems, next step would be host access
I am interested in helping those with Aspergers. I would like to hear from others working with this group of people.
Apparently 3 drinks + 6 hours of sleep are an awesome substitute for my normal 8. A la an empty spot in the ref room
Like our hero Adam Kline says, we are SMART on crime instead of shortsightedly TOUGH on crime. Join us and plan to #giveBIG this Tuesday!
it's that noticeable? Shit.
Dear - if u text me about weightloss tips one more time I'm going to stop crying and punch you in the face!
On a serious note though, I need to see you like pronto.
happy big funniversary :)
yes, I remember that! Oh well. It's just a matter of time. Can't stop the gays.
Thanks u enjoyed it? RT : & Hollywood dances tonight >>>>>>>
Who is excited to hear more details on how to win the Jason McCourty autograph?
Almost time for our early bird special - $5 fish & 1/2 priced steaks from 4:30 - 6pm. Don't forget about $5 martinis, all day, everyday!
her own version of The Shining
Join us in sending a HUGE MAHALO to our event sponsor We wouldn't have the beautiful space at without them!
you have big boobs and i love it beadle
shift accepted views and hegemonic narratives through these repressed and otherwise lost stories in images
You a lucky dude Josh :)
follow me and my personal , I spoke to you while you were on Martha with Greg, I had the 3 cockers
Bluegrass would not exist as it is today without Earl Scruggs. May he rest in peace - thank you for everything, Earl.
"LAHV-AH-LOO-VIN" scotch. Is that how you pronounce it? Asking for a friend.
Please don't say "arty."
Running a 5k at Red Rocks this morning. Beautiful morning! Beautiful changing colored trees!
why am i so tired
Date night with mom! Movies and I'll try to talk her into seeing some live music w/ me :-)
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
I believe in the sand beneath my toes; the beach gives a feeling, an earthy feeling.
Oh that's just not fair.
Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt
Farm day today with the junior high! Going to be a hot one!
Book one of the Hunger Games is done; I'd like to jump into the 2nd book but need to finish my homework!
Marlynn! Happy New Monday to you, lovely!
I, personally, have time left for possibly one more tattoo around idk, 830 or 9 pm. First come first serve. #3175251106 Come to the shop!!
He's like everyone else. A blowhard. I don't care if he's a successful blowhard, he's a blowhard.
congrats to u and the fam!
Plan ahead for Holiday Parties and $ave at www.patrickscatering.com
It's the truth. And I'm not trying to be a jackass but if I'm coming off as one I'm sorry
no worries! I'll just come next time! thanks!
Want party FREE in DC tonight text luxsundays to 74455
Considering signing up for Myspace only for the music playlist option. Has anyone been on myspace in the last 10 years?
I would've said go MD, but..well, you know ;-) RT : *crickets chirping* RT : Moments until tipoff...Let's go #Duke!
so sorry you had to deal with that!
You wish ---> RT : “A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.” - Elbert Hubbard
Remember, "You can't please everyone, so you got to please yourself." - Ricky Nelson
suffering from a very severe case of i-dnt-give-a-SHIT !
9:30 am vocal recording session=earliest session ever. This is probably illegal in some states.
- great! Since you're a #tweeter please share some insight during lecture durin tomorrow. Thanks!
It's so cool and fun to see you tweet just like the rest of us BHs! :)
It's a hard knock life for us .
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
crisis. the printer is out of paper and my final is in 5 minutes
#ThingsWomenWant not me.
Do you think we can make it to 1,500 followers by the end of our #AFT adventure? Share the RDS love!
My feet are getting wet in the rain. Silly me for thinking I could wear flip flops in the 'summer'!
Walk-Talk-Pray moves back outdoors this morning at 8AM. Meet in the parking lot, and yes, of course dogs are welcome!
Is awesome!!! Check her out guys!! :)
link takes me to a CoveritLive with 3/31 stuff on it. Is this correct?
yup. the lead singer and the blonde chick. then her bff and the guy she likes lol so adorable.
Sioux City Bancrofts American Legion Baseball ... - The Link Story
got the Iphone4 :D
I can't wait either!!
_: ? #Twitter #Tip See big typos you tweeted? Delete it and resend corrected! :) .
shhhhh I got one at home that needs some help lol
lol have fun love ya too
Debating if I should chop of my hurrs. What does the #Twitter world have to say?
sounds good!
Awesome Americana band playing old Hank 1 songs at Enid's garden!
feeling a lot better about starting pitching, Hughes looking better too
big news coming up soon!!!
Need to start hitting this gym man time is flying by and July is almost here
Sure did. Has me now somewhat concerned about the New Madris fault. Scary!!!
#childhoodtv not my thing. As a child I listened to pink floyd and re-wrote 5th century literature without using vowels.
...of doing DH training & fostering networking/collaboration without always flying bodies around. If we can't, who can? [-]
Listen up! is starting todays class! Follow him for health tips & knowledge that will change your life!
To maintain a healthy lawn, 1” of water a week is recommended, including rainfall. It’s best to water early in the morning.
Justin doesn't tweet dumb shit, I'm proud of him.
Your right on point. l Pussy couldnt even spell the word nigger.
Thanks to all my new followers, God bless!
when u smile i #smile:):)
Where did this cool breeze come from?
Psh, thanks for putting on a great event for a great cause! :-)
I love a good dance off - thanks for the awesome party!
Coming soon: new radio and streaming specials with Smashing Pumpkins and Nickelback. Msg me for details. Available now: Janes Addiction...
well girl text me or something? is Kent at work? lets hang out cause im pissed too. hahahaha
I aint the one confused you are
I see you're not an Obama fan either haha. Only a year and a half left. You were the best, hockey won't be the same without ya.
hahaha! that was awesome. My boy and I said, "Ah no, you can't give a guy a yellow for that!"
Doc Dre, the Greatest Hip Hop producer ever!
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
#SOTU upshot: Send me bills we agree on; if we disagree, you're wrong; the nation's great becz we built it together. But I got Bin Laden
Getting Error on Linkedin Share on Website. IE, Ffox & Opera. Didn't try G.
scratch that... second city email says who knows.
:( “: About an hour left until I get to Oakland. #Cruising”
Question is does Ellerman have a shot of beating "real" democrat Lori Compas tonight. We shall see... might be an interesting one to watch.
Things tonight has made me realize: I was never a Whitney Houston fan
Thanks for the connection Mike. We'll send you guys some info!
Scuba was solid. I got there really late coming from another party, so I only caught him and Thomas Melchior upstairs. Good, tho.
Havent been single in a long time..... i feel new to this
Yo what's up with my family I see twitter bust be on the back burner 4 y'all
I'm human, I'm allowed to change my mind. And arguing with you is fun, it's entertaining to watch you try. ;)
Looks like its bound to be another good day, If so we hitting up a waterfront walk again heck yes.
I have a sick fascination on the Mike Daisy This American Life fallout. The conflict of two of my favorite things: theatre & public radio.
Not much, more than 12 "startable" QBs, most teams don't need a QB at all. Difficult to trade them it eems
pretty close to Alabama I reckon ;)
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar
i need a six month vacation, twice a year.
ive always wandered, how many 6 through 10 year olds i could fight at one time. my estimated guess is 2600..
Please vote for me, Henry Brim candidate for councilman District 7! On September 13, 2011, I will make District 7 a better place!
Audition time
Wow. Havent played a tourney in a while. Forgot what it was like to be card dead. Dont like being reminded
Is it me or is mitch mcconnell and boehner trying to run a train on a girl named america?
perfect. haven't actually been there before=)
Huge thanks to and for a fantastic night of live country music!
What a comeback for the Hawks. Punch one home to tie it up with 5.5 seconds to go.
its raining!!!
Totally. Getting inspired to do a new line of cards for all of us grammar geeks. Time to bring back the sentence diagrams! ;)
by the way we attend The Rock too;)
I really feel inadequate and incapable right now. It's like nothing is ever going to improve, even though things keep improving (sort of)...
I can answer w/ bands: Who, Zeppelin, Stones RT Who are your top 3 musicians that were in their prime prior to 1980?
lol oh hush
and FRIENDS!
Everyone in Ada-go check out The Cries Of... playing at Club Alt tonight-it's still on and close in town. Drive safe! Great music, coffee!
DON'T GIVE UP HOPE!
okay i'm dessprate who want's to be an admin?! you have to be active!! comment if you want to be one! ~Ashley
No worries... Packers got this....
Life is similar 2 an expensive movie u directed all alone thru the struggle dont let anybody casted u out & directed ur moment of glory
I am officially looking for new stockist for my jewelry and #accessories . Any places in mind ?
Story should be long enough to make the point and nothing more #virtualstories. As little as possible, as much as necessary
They are!!! Lol.
So we're all just going to ignore the fact that James Franco should have been in a terrible Dylan biopic by now?
yeah cool
sometimes people tweet things that sound like it was supposed to be a text and I just wonder to myself if they just never make sence or?
SOMEONE TELL ME IF HARRY AND NIALL LEGIT GOT ARRESTED!? IT'S ALL OVER TUMBLR WITH PICTURE'S. AND IM FLIPPING SHIT!
Can't move my fingers to type that well
If you cheat on someone who's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself.
Honey that's my morning prayer before I get out of bed!": Pssschk. It's time for a Texas beer."
hope you had a lovely weekend, thanks for the #FF :)
Mondays, two a day wrestling practices! >>> exhausted
Stop by and re-fuel for day 2 of the Pumper Show tonight. Great food, drinks and Daytona 500.
it's pencil
ready to talk if someone is around!
What a POWERFUL speech! I'm psyched. =)
My life doesn't need to make sense to you long as it makes dollars for me.
would notice me it would be a dream come true<3
COREY BREWER SPLASH DOWN
Was it the pronunciation of Richard Beccaria? I almost punched my keyboard typing it.
he wants it
Kirschenbaum muses on Krementz's book on author writing photos: also interesting to see the few that have computers
Without struggle, there is NO progress..
Ideas cont… Arg for 401k seems to come down to "we might raid pension again!" So, alt prop has safeguards against raids.
took u long enough... Lol j/k hey new friend!!!
So...the couple making out on my parking lot shuttle is a bit awkward.
damn sexy. I would love to suck your cock and take it raw
Im trying gt signed so if u ain't on wit im on we are not da same
Turning 32 in a few days!
What do you do on your Sunday to chill out?
cannot get enough of your blog!
HAA FASHO.. I GET TO ST. LOUIS 2COME PARTY WIT MY PPL.- U KIDDIN ME? :-)
me2 but i get lonely a lot doe
Immigration Stalls as Opportunities Wane on U.S.-Mexican Border
On iPad with IM+
Ok, I want to book one. What do I need to do?
I'm booking appointments this week in ATL for those needing Automotive services... & slots are filling fast!
It's amazing how you think you look bad in a picture and instagram instantly makes you semi attractive :D
I think it varies “: out of curiosity, what does the officiant say ? "I now pronounce you partner and partner?"”
hey Nate! It's my birthday! :D
So the Dept of Def is now working on energy? What is the Dept of Energy going to do?
That's me standing there in the pic. Word.
I'll never forget the directive: "make your products broadband-ready!"
I'm not gonna lie...he's a little odd.
View this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
We miss you! Hope you are doing great at college, and having tons of fun.
Close your eyes, lean on me. Face to mouth, lips to cheek. Feeling numb in my feet. You're the one to help me get to sleep.
lol right. we are more about it than you are.
Friday night lights!! Ok not really, Just another youth football practice.
Happy halloween everyone! Have a wonderful and safe hallows eve!x)
if you dress up to hit newbury you are better off at SSP, just sayin.
Who gone say the
The progress I made this week took me off guard; Lesson: the microscopic steps forward DO matter even if it seems like they don't
same concept could be applied to Detroit in the Fall. Yes, please hugs
“: Love leaves you broken but friends never do. #ihatequotes”
Sometimes girls listen to they potnas to much .. Do what you feel is best to you..
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. ~~Dr. Seuss in "The Lorax"
Me: There's no food in the pantry :( Body: Good, you were getting fat.
The world bursts at the seams with people ready to tell you you're not good enough...
well I wasn't done going yet and then it scared me and got my toosh wet. Didn't appreciate it lol
it's gone now
the place to read and be read, join today
So a lot has changed in the past few years but consistently Wesley Snipes is still in jail and Mystikal is going back.. Lol
Are you going to their 20th Anniversary celebration?
“: I'm about to go ham if I get this gig” ---> jus stay gettin that cheese!!!!
Folks always commit to "stop procrastinating" but then provide no detail on what they want to stop putting off! Details help you succeed!
Had so much fun at the dance with my friends
u right on that
Guns N' Roses Reunion Tour
What day are you going? I think and I are going thursday night hours
Mom, please stop calling our waiter Pauly D.
I know y'all saw prodigy!
I kno me neither =))) tomorrow lol!!!
Signed up today its gonna be a good battle!;)
Mashed potatos would totally complete this night.
I've always heard "pricked up his ears" / "his ears pricked up." Now that I'm thinking about it, though, they both seem odd.
Why cant it be snowing so I don't have to go to school tomorrow. -_-
Cotto needs to chill off for 2 rounds then come out with fire!!
follow me
dont worry about me !!!
Prosecutors: Man who robbed Radio Shack tracked down using GPS he stole
ur heart :P
RT Oh man. It's already in the 100's F in PHX. Two words Pool Party
Cesar missing, tired legs, Vancouver's offense or just a bad day?
Everything comes naturally, it comes naturally, when you're with me baby! :]
+1. I just took my dog to a trainer/therapist. Not cheap. And, unlike a kid, it's not like she'll be carrying on my family name
I wish it was just straight Trey they play then i'd be on pandora more
check out video "I'M I'LL" by SHARP HARP on youtube
If buyers are looking at the animal head trophies on the wall they arent seeing themselves in THEIR home. De-personalize.
The time is now
am also totally addicted to Space. OD'ed last night.
Is there any way to disable rich text in iOS 5 Mail? I just want plain text. Now copied text from preserves line height & junk.
I will. I am currently torn between finishing the body of a cardigan I am knitting and reading.
#youcantbenothugif U wear sandals on ur feet! I dnt care what Jay-Z does
I hate you everything
Higher Ed used the term ROI? No way...
It's gonna be just what I needed.
txt me so I can have your number hoe !
Yea I seen Lody on Hollywood
HOLY SHIT TWO HITS! #Pirates win! #Pirates win! That's two straight series wins with the 12th inning walk off!
Dont look like I'm going to sleep anytime soon!
who's got finals all this week?
No juice in the caboose.RT : Money on his mind RT : What's wrong with Pujols?
"Some people called it taking shelter, but she called it sweet revenge."
What a fun fight!
you kids and school. Oh the joys of being done.
Is it wrong I want Vodka and Absinthe DROPS instead?!
Swear where you on yo way to
Family Rental tweeps, how can we be of service? We're proud to offer all of our Twitter followers 10% off on all rental items!
Joel McHale is too big of a star to be on the Emmytones.
RT : I'd love to come too. #gardenchat #IGC12 <-- YES YES!
I am blessed that follows me<3 (:
HOW DO I GET MY T-SHIRTS DESIGNS FEATURED
It was more something someone said to me
Girls who went to Vegas this weekend & showed the world they're groupies via their Twitter timeline...
a bit of an odd RT here, given the context...
That's pretty awesome. Hopefully more people will start reading the comics as a result.
Bring it. Ill pull through anything obstacle you put up.
Crazy statistic! RT : Boston's $78+M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20% of MLB teams
90 minutes till I go home, waiting for calls to come in.
Today's BTU inspiration: "I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble." ~Rudyard Kipling
i actually just saw the video game you have set to release online. looks awesome and yes i love the show
My CHRO/Effective #Leadership Developement theory?...They don't know what kind of leader they are trying to build...no leadership strategy
wish you were here Johnny...
I wanna play my music but my moms still awake. Fuck it. I'll do it anyway.
but then when they're good will you like them?
The New Year is already starting out to be pretty interesting. More soon.
That akward moment when u sneeze in a room full of ppl that dont like u!!! Lol
NO OTHER CITY THAT I'D RATHER BE!<3
Register and Vote, African-Americans for Obama 2012.
Congratulations! What is the new job?
2:44 left in the National Championship. Delaware leads Oakland 4-1.
"Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself. John Dewey"
You just need to click on the link, which is in the tweet. It will take you to the page. Most of the offers are time bound.
That Draw Something app is really pointless for me to have because I never have anyone to play with :( I've only played it like twice =\
aww...thank u!
I'd this freezes 1 more time, I'll kill somebody.
so I guess not :x
My mom is the only girl who makes me a sandwich. :(
How you doin 😏
cool- is relaunching ipad app to reflect unique 2nd screen preferences of primetime viewers
Hello fascination
Green Beer is tapped!
How stupid is it to decide which skin tone is better? Then they still got the shit wrong. My skins brown, but they label my culture black.
Congrats! We'll miss you.
I've listen to them, sound good. We only play songs on the charts, so if they can get there, then we can play them.
well i get to leave class early WITH a sombrero on, and its for a good cause:) so im down!
Happy birthday to Colombia. Today is the country's 200th birthday!
Typo of the day: seventeeth street
Dodgers on the way to 162-0
I'd say 8. The first months are the worst. But there's a critical mass after a while and it is totally doable.Go for it
Window Design Center has AAMA and factory trained window and door installers. Make sure to ask about installation.
Happy FREAKEN Birthday Gaga #Love-ya hope you had a great day just like I did with :) !*)
Talkin to my big bro Bossman...
its like i want you to know but i dont wanna tell you.
Hi Wendy, haven't heard from you in a while. Thanks for following me :)
I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore. but yea
Ya boy is back and goin hard in the paint. They going to feel me on this 1, I'm on my way in my Ice Berg voice..!!
♀Never try to convince anyone of your worth. If they can't see it for themselves, then you are not in their line of vision♀
Hi we are offering the social media course, it is geared equally to academics/publics
Israel is only Middle East country that provides shelters for victims of #humantrafficking via
Ha! That is awesome!
We're Growing FAST = Time to Hire! Wanted: Full-Time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info & plz RT for ur friends
During a performance I forget about time and life's limitations.Thank you to all the nice folks at the show last night.
lovin' Chicago already and let's meet up tomorrow!
I still think Kanye West is an absolute genius.
All of a sudden let's go back to not hustling, boxing out or protecting the ball.
My heart big but it beat quiet
Thank you very much for your mention!
Good to hear back on
I hate sleeping alone
Haha that's just his natural state stance. Our gutters were working so we did better than some others in the neighborhood!
RT : I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :-(
Hi Adam, Im good thanks for asking..hope things r good with you, nice hearing from you,.oh did you get my book yet?
Double Take Kisses!
#curators #AAMC, vote for , Outstanding Exhibition in 2011. We're finalists in two categories!
