Let him try to finish it Hurdle!
iPad, you say you aren't charging but I know you are. Your battery indicator keeps going up. Stop teasing me iPad. Stop teasing....
quoth MJ: "you are not alone (you are not alone)". These warning track popouts aren't helping
last presentation of my college career. & I froze up only to read my notes word for word
burbank casting sucks!!
Well bout to leave Cali missin cash in Houston!!!!
Must. Get. Up.
Good workout today...hittin the legs tomorrow! NWH
My firm deployed a Google Adwords program for Striker Fight Center in Kennesaw, Georgia. New students are already starting to sign up.
not too shabby! Lol
you playing tomorrow?
Hey, my name is Tiffany Nicole too, just a little different. Lol.
wow - booked already?! yikes! didn't realize they'd fill up so quickly.
Great observation. RT : Every country has its own kind of remoteness--sociographic, ethnic, geographic.
Blake Lively😍
Worst of all is when those 2 are in the same sentence: "I covered" or "I'm covering"
;) RT: "Well I don't have snow boots but I can throw on some wedges" words from ! Crazy ass fashionista!!
I hope she feels better soon.
chad always gives full effort
All my electronics are updated, charged, & packed. I'm ready to travel, right?
Ask seasoned faculty to provide 3 tips on a topic and share through a newsletter with your faculty
Two days in the new house,got heat today.Now the whole house is warm.
I think you mean MY dude, and yes, he rocked the sound system last night! Super proud
A medium bodied pinot with hints of cherry, very lush and is food friendly would be the Pinot Noir...pair it tonight!
thx4 the follow. Do you know about ? We work with and #mommyblogger networks. perhaps intrstg
try mexico.
Dimitris I just looked at your portfolio and all I can say is wow..wow..wow..
thanks and welcome to the #SCRSCReamTeam fam
"Coach Kill is more intense. He's all in the player's face. ... The guys are buying into that." Gophers' QB MarQueis Gray
Boyle = warrior
Paper or Plastic? When it comes to your extra bags we'll take both. The Wash Co ReStore is in need of shopping bags for bagging purchases in
They're not that big in real life, honest. Her *paws* are, though -- like she's a little snow leopard.
WE"RE MOVING! New Detroit IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center opens Tuesday at 500 Woodward
Thnx for the follow James.
Fuck yeah Jimmy neutron is on !
Preparation brings confidence. Prepare to do whatever you want. Then confidence can never be taken from you.
me and my mother have our disagreements but we have came a long way these couple days <3
Come "Blow your Rent" with us TONIGHT! Wednesday April 25 2012 1/2 Price Bottles & BONUS 15 mins on Every 1 hour room!
Very true
You should steal parts of other shows.Dance in the audience randomly.A wig a week.Paternity tests on the co-hosts.Free uggs...
Happiness is...the first ice coffee of the season.
Regardless of who wins this games has sucked balls.
Anyone out there need a good comedy writer? I've got some great samples.
They ready to burn this nigga at work, I wish I had his number to tell him what's ready to go down because its goin down
good afternoon 👋
Does middle school get inflatables too? Was going to invite some kids
: lolz i thought she didnt, she just took a slow reaction. -.-
#Ladies, the day you let yourself go and get too comfortable is the same day you lose your self respect and your man.
ran out of breath during his solo, but u know what that means he's not perfect, no one is, it just makes him more amazing <3
is there a boy put there who dosent cheat....
"I just walked the shit out of my dog and CRUSHED a 20-minute nap, bro." -- Freelance d-bag
Not sure who MSNBC just killed off, but the picture on the screen was NOT Junior Seau!
Well im out chasing my own dreams.
i got it the second i read it...
NO! Aww, Alisha. :( Hoping she gets back to a good place.
My friends call me Keith. You can call me, John.
Dreams are always never real.
take time to understand ur woman,U'l find alot of annoyances naggings & frustrations vanish...Communicate with her & she will open up to u!!
I got lucky as hell with my transition, that's all i gotta say. I do marketing for tv.
yes, it is. The funniest thing is that I receive your msg 18hours later than you sent it and I deleted email about it
With and Shawn Morrisey. I remember it well.
That moment during your commute between when you run out of coffee and when you can get a refill.
s/o to my TweetPick of the Month: watch her on youtube----> lorensharicelott, she is so talented and is going places
When I tried it at the brewery I found it to be undercarbonated.
Does Craig Sager really have a bracket tie?
- pre scheduled tweets deployed during facilitation
STOP TRENDING THE FANFIC MY GOSH PEOPLE
cheer up.
Gas prices are soaring again - is this changing your driving habits? Tell us what you're doing differently today..we'll share your answers.
is the best :)
"Let us live while we live." Philip Doddridge
Slowly reducing the number of flowers for my wedding... So expensive!
stripping = lucrative
Only a quarter?
I don’t get the FB thing. I know you need 500 friends to join and I only have 4. But I was able to view yours. BEAUTIFUL wife!
I'm about to punch my dog
i know, im so exhausted like i wanna pass out..
I hate when I swallow my cough drops.
A trophy for this quote! MT Roger Ailes says his critics "are pathetic people who think every kid should get a trophy."
No, sometimes the professor imitates students.
#Vikings CB Antoine Winfield expected to miss the remainder of the season with a broken collarbone
Just followed I'm still not over Wash. But I figure and would want to follow him.
Looking forward to winning one of those iPads! :D
Wuddup O.G!
Sick. Can't wait man.
glad you think so too Rose Marie. :) it's good to have someone else's opinion besides my own. :)
tired of this /:
send it to me too!
Oh good. I'm in that lose-hair-by-the-handful postpartum phase. Yuck.
I am working on finding a good digi carry around... Micro 4/3 with an adapter for Leica M... CV 50mm 1.1.
only 3 more people till i get to 200 followers so people please follow me
Late night Happy Hour is from 10:00-11:00PM! See if you can set a new high score in Donkey Kong while enjoying a slushy margarita
: Thank you for coming out and supporting!
I appreciate the suggestion!
#dead••RT : No. : Well can you follow back please ?
#Sagittarius is the life of the party! Chatty, spirited & beautiful they possess the old school Hollywood glamor. They r delightful winners
good wednesday morning to ya
i hope id does well good luck
Sometimes I miss the #boondockqueens and
Another great teaching today. ~ What we worship shapes who we are! ~ Definitely makes u think about what is really important.
we got this! 🙌
#ILovePeopleThat r cpationet, loveing, do things 4 other people n don't expect anything back, fun, out going, free sperited r u this type?
Anyone else as excited about tomorrow as I am?!!
there is the difference: I possess no charm :(
It was great to meet you, too. Went back today and was already sharing some of your ideas with our Resource Team! :)
LADIES! DO NOT COME INTO A STRIP CLUB IF YOU ARE INSECURE!!! YOU WILL DEFINITELY GET YOUR FEELINGS HURT!!!
Could #AnnRomney #romney possible be MORE out of touch by spending $990 on a SHIRT?! Feed&house someone!
Thank you! and Thank you - I already feel right at home there. Doesn't hurt I knew most of the team already!
set my alarm as #visionoflove. love waking up to your voice. can't wait for the new stuff :)
Please help me get to 700 followers I'll follow back(;
We haven't yet but we are still a relatively new band. We are trying to get there though!
Ed Roper Creative Services is live on Facebook!
Farewell Dreamer.. deff new fav. band!
give me a couple days my love :)
Well I'm setting up a twitter page strickly for my music follow me a @ moneyislife2012
Getting Slapped.
can't wait to see you!
My last Friday in high school! Next week doesn't count because I only have to go for a few classes!
:( SAD YOU NEVER NOTIC MY TWEETES OR EVER TWEET ME A GOODNIGHT
As a politician, how would you increase #studentvoice in #education?
Haven't we reached the point when we can stop referring to glia as "filler cells" or "under-appreciated" in every story describing them??
happiness is a bike ride through snow-covered prospect park. sadness is doing it in shorts
DC Assault 16&17 win big ....tough games tomorrow ....stay focused!
Can we just skip from cfb realignment to cfb relegation?
So I need to purchase an "Extreme Thing" ticket and I know you local bands have plenty of them :)
Keep the answers coming in, we'll let you know the answer on Monday
me and are gonna move to Britain so we can drive on the right (:
Forget the rabbit looks like it is going to be the year of the Yodle! Congrats Yodle on starting 2011 off with a bang!
emphasis on the word sometimes
RT : To die would be an awful big adventure.
Omw to work. Someone bring me breakfast!
Hi! Oh wait, did you mean in person? RT : Epic day at #Webvisions coming up. Come say hi!
no because if I click on your page to reply to you I kinda see that.
is playing @ Exit/In tonight with SkyHi and Magic in Threes!!! Come out or stream it live @ livestream.com/exitin
I don't know why I got a shout out... That's odd.
Thx 4 follow. Workin on becomin Sports/Entmt Agent. Still workin on that first client. Any advice for workin in the industry?
So glad tomorrows Friday!!
"Hate-watch." New concept for me, though I certainly have done this. You always teach me new things!
So if it's ironic, you actually do speak it? "I don't speak English" would be amezin.
Now I'm in a pissed off/bad news with this doll happenings. *sighs*.
that's all kinds of awesome! (and unfair)
Damn son. Peeping my friend at cameo then who knows
garrett is so stupid
#hm is a hash tag that really doesn't make sense
Levine, "Indiana Jones isn't really an archeologist, he's a psychopath."
RT : Zoi , former #2 of DOE, new technology must be within 120% of competitive pricing as policy can only close a 20% gap.
When are you back here, girl?! I wanna see ya!
Makes sure you guys check out my cool new followers & :)
The Blind Side was a great movie. I'm glad that Sandra Bullock won the Oscar for Best Actress.
So excited, can't wait to see the final product of Open for Business with KFONTV.
Haven't been on in a while, how's everyone been?
cant you technically fight them against that with what they allow and disapprove like embedding on other sites etc?
In today's Sunday Telegraph (AU): Dr Antony Kidman on impact of tech. on family dynamics - creating "techno-cocoons" & isolating families
Just heard Alice's new LensCrafter ad is airing. Anyone seem it yet? Congrats!
love u bro
We're happy to follow a fellow industry company. Let us know if you'd like to share ur own best biz tips for garages w/ us!
Did anyone board the #hogwartsexpress this morning?!?! LOL
if Kansas get pass NC State
Do you guys have a couple of recos for a good place for a breakfast meeting in the city? Thanks!
Breaking Bad is ridiculously addicting
Recent news media polls and interviews with citizens show the majority of Detroiters want the restructuring to responsibly take place.
RT : how abou those St Louis Blues / at least 1 team in MO knows how to win a game they should win
Random....old jazz cats call everything that isn't jazz rock n' roll !!!!
#FAQ : When is the last day to register to vote in the June Primary Election? A: Monday, May 21st.
#BestWayToDescribeMe - bored. Ohmygosh there's NOTHING to do.
All this time I thought you were already a hipster. Congrats, have fun!
Dont forget to get your dozen roses at Sendik's! Today is the last day that they are on sale www.sendiksmarket.com
Heels were first used as butchers tools.
Hola Mike how r u ?
take a picture with me!!!
When I Get My First Check, I Plan On Buyin A New Phone Nd Hella Summer Clothes. In That Order
KY Jelly, etc. Air, etc.
Well then Thats your problem , Not mine .
We just don't want it to go to waste.
thankyou and I actually might get a different dress and it's purple but idk
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
“: These Koreans were too gangsta!!!! Omg!!!!”>>>they were NOT playing! Open gunfights and whatnot lol
I like Fancy It better than Pinterest actually - cool to see them listed here.
Thank u!
lol I can't take mad mr. achieve seriously because all he gets mad about is song choices so
I can't go to the gym today because if I go outside I might drown in a puddle -_-
#Str8LykeDes... If you only knew what be going through my head at night's..
yea he looks sexy in that picture!
Russell Westbrooke a damn ball hog
Sounds good! Hope to see you soon! RT : State Fair this weekend, but I will come in!
Many of GA's public teachers and students are conducting the CRCT this week. Good luck all, and thanks for your hard work!
you'll b able to relax with me soon lol. .How was work?
God is good to his children ;)
"see there's that attitude that doesn't get you anywhere."
glad to hear it! Which breakout session did you attend?
haha oatmeal cookies , that sound like it'll be over for a nigga in the bandy
I think I'm going to raise my kids to believe in Santa's less friendly sidekick, KRAMPUS. There's no grab-ass with Krampus in your life.
Keep your head up. Just keep in mind the bigger goal at the end of season.
Goodnight sacramento! Look forward to #trainthursday and state employee discount friday!!
shit how u
Time to be productive and pack up some more of my apartment.
I can see why people pay us NO attention. We have no songs they can listen to personally ! But TRUST && BELIEVE that IS gonna change.
I hate making plans, why does everything have to be so difficult! #Parents smh
Called my mom last night 2 tell her, "i'm so glad u r my Mama!" Happy Mother's Day.
At the end of the day you live, love, learn, and grow. I will never make the same mistake twice..
it's like a rodent holocaust goin on over there.
Happy mothers day !!!
shhhhh don't jinx it
plans for Vegas?
To allow our sons to be trained to injured theirs." (Julia Ward Howe, 1870, Mother's Day Proclamation)
i am thinking gray pin stripes lol lol
American troops in Afghanistan until 2024? Really, Obama??
RT : Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. Peter Drucker
yeah I was thinking as much as I love social work, there are still social workers out there that breed distrust :/
Gorillaz - Slow Country
March sales for #JulietAnUnPopular should be out soon! Hope they're good. Did you by your copy in March? If not, there's always April!
Drove home from work. Left garage door opener in office. Now must drive back to work during peak commute to get opener & drive home again.
lol.KAY you member that
mention me I'll mention you.. I give some real nice shout outs.. :-)
What is fun in OKC?
Thrilled to hear it! Wish I was in town and at the show. Merry Christmas y'all.
I'm in my PJs watching the GOP debate & sipping my 3rd Schlitz, so probably not. Post-site launch party at Dick's - definitely!
Weekend number two of - bring it on! See you there
Peace to Amy Winehouse. We shall treasure the music, always.
X factor's LA needs to shut it and appreciate Melanie's talent, which is huge,I live for every performance of her...
I'm thankful for the hosting Rome today as I drive to northern Wisconsin. Gimme some strip club DJ!!!!!
Anytime! Plus, how good did that tomato soup sound yesterday? SO good.
Thinking about IN's new Core to College standards for a day, my reaction is: it seems a good program to train students to be good workers.
I'm NEVER becoming a poet. I hate school.
I've earned $5.66 for September on #gomezpeer, but I haven't received it yet.
Together We can save #gamu and keep her on #xfactor please donate to the fund dont forget to include your bank details
Come see us at Urban Grind tomorrow!!
Love you guys! The show totally rocks! Let me know how I can get the word out cuz EVERYONE in VO needs "A Little Buzz" each wk
true story(;
I worked for Head Start forever. Folks trained in public health and clinical nutrition are so needed.
that's really what I think. I'm really happy with that piece. :)
lol my reply or replies all depend on how much alcohol u have had today
Wow! Thanks Urban Trend Salon that essential skin repair facial was exactly what I needed… and it was only $60
B/c of I've become a master zester!! LOL
Praise on high,,,Praise on Max,,,,Team Jesus Lets go,,,,
no they won't
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope your day takes a turn for the best :)
Good Luck to everyone and checkour facebook fan page and our twitter for everyday updates !!!!!!
I just got up! Haha wbu?
Thanks for the kind #FF ...hope Writer's Christmas was good to you. :)
"With out passion you dont have energy, with out energy you have nothing."
Food Fact of the Day: May 3, 1947 Sylvester tried to have Tweety Birdfor lunch for the first time in a WB cartoon. #Sufferin'succotash
mykle, are you copying me?
We got 14 minutes left till Twilight(:
Congrats!!! All is well.. Busy Busy!
i really wish people would stop inviting me to their open houses via facebook that shit is annoying & i'm not going .
Anybody know a good trumpet player who is comfortable with some jazzy stuff?
Cinder blocks?
I can convert. Send them to mclewis63 @ gmail. Do you know about Cute PDF?
one of my favorite restaurants that I never seem to eat at lol
Yea it does & me too. Guess everybody thought I was too quiet though o.o & I just discovered I smell like sunscreen/bugspray
Down with It- Tiny Grimes closing out the day.
wow is colorado really this much fun???? glad I still have another week
It's Wednesday .... But feels like a Monday. Why is it that Wednesday never feels like Friday??
Would apply directly to the self-employed.
Woke up and got dressed and made it to class within 15 mins....back to school 😒
Up at 6am with only two hours of sleep, making a valiant attempt at returning to Corporate America today.
honoring County Democrats of the year at CRW Civic Center. Polwv
Hope peeps & are hungry cuz the JoeMobile will be at WLafayette & 2nd today. Everyone welcome.
RT : Just got the email about the 2012 Virtual Conference and Youth Summit. I'll be joining in from #Tanzania with...
A bump, always! Persistence, always!
News10 photog Gary Otto has a great suggestion for top5 all time influential tv personalities: Ed Sullivan.
I have the perfect song for you, the lyrics and arrangement are Ridiculous!!!
God does not, out of love for the ppl, create justice. God merely demands justice. The ppl show their love of God by working for justice.
I wish I were Cinderella and they'd come and DRESS me. Hate picking out something to wear...
Hey Mark, thanks for following. What's new?
editing pictures on myspace and talking to josh ;p;
Thank you for the follow! Appreciate it!
So travel. So Christmas. The desert is drippy...
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese IiiiiiiLiiiiikkkke cheese!!
Opening April 19 5-8pm Thursday is the new Friday 302 S Rampart, as we bring you a Farmer's Market with a twist!
Gotta figure out where to take grandpa, great aunt & uncle for dinner.
See you tonite :30pm in the Carriage House for an evening with Stacy Barlett...learn how she earned over 700k in college scholarships!
+ to any girl who says she never wanted 2 be a princess u know there's a ariel, belle or jasmine in ur closet that begs to differ
Are you an #ARMA or #ALA member? Connect with us today!
So I would like to thank all the good men out there who are honest and kind to their women, they deserve it! 
But, in which format should people send a #resume? PDF. Also, have a non formatted version for online apps. Copy + paste.
SERIOUSLY. WANT. NOW.
good luck w/ the next one ... finishing my sabbatical soon :(
#LMSunSIG accessibility generally good for everyone, not just students with disabilities
My favorite restaurant is the Tam O Shanter....I die for their souffle
lol but I like being tan black.
at first I didnt get where Bishop was going with the Dog story LOL But it blessed me in the end:)
Could be worse. Figured first American to orbit the earth should be able to name activity. *he* called it a Tweet-ON
Hey twitter, long time no see. Just finishing up first round of PhD apps. Three more due next month. Excited&terrified!
Happy Oscar Day!! :) Nobody tell me what happens, I can't watch til Tuesday ;)
shouldn't teaching about online safety be up to the parents? Schools aren't an excuse for parents not to teach their kids
Man from audience: This isn't working when more than 50% of people fail.
Ha! Both my sons have it.
I wish the Celtics never traded Kendrick Perkins for Jeff Green. They'd be able to compete w/ the Heat right now.
Oh yeah.. I give up on asking for a follow from ....
RT : Psyched for ...' "Baseball Mother in Law." Can't wait to sign a player who'll never be good enough for me or my daughter.
We're shooting a blow dry instructional video this week. Any tips you want to see included?
I have the memory span of a fish.
LOL! I had to pull my heavy coat back out this morning! NOT happy about that!
Probably 250 people left @
Glad I was wrong, figured they would come back for sure #YankeesLose!
The Strong Programme's wikipedia page fails to mention the Weak Program as one of the major criticisms. On the to do list.
Wheres my friends when i need something to do?
Real Talk Ne-Ne
#SomeWhereOutThere is a person who is wondering if they should put "your" or "you're" smh
I almost thought they were going to make no effort with the sound but they totally downloaded some free footstep sounds.
I will definitely be in the pool here today. I love hot weather.
Tweeting just for :D
I would say "Edge of Glory" is one of VERY few songs that make me EXTREMELY happy. takes me right back to chicago pride last summer
Get ready, to enter The Hive.
loving tabata's at bat music!
cuz I fucking love yoga pants an spandex
RT : We're having another trickle-down recovery with too few jobs. Obama said trickle-down has never worked. Need gusher-up
Blasphemy! Managing editor Anita Samen would do away with the en dash!
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
I would much rather see this team improve slowly and hit their peak later in season, only 5 games out RT : still in last
I just noticed that my group of my friends are just like those from How I Met Your Mother.
Those random talks with the big man upstairs.. You can always talk to to him about anything at any time. 🙏
see if you can go standby on an earlier flight! I did coming home.
We're having a cookie sale! Save 30% off our wide variety of cookies. Enter PromoCode COOKIES. Yummy! Good till July 31st.
Adu was a gutty call and he figured in both goals. I like the element of creativity Freddie brought, but we need even more!
Dinner Time....^__^
6 am boot camp class is a great way to kick of the weekend!!
At the tufte seminar on presenting data. Amazing stuff!
your the best please FOLLOW ME XD THAT WOULD MAKE MY DAY
Congrats on Navid joining the team! I see good things in the future ahead! Reunion at Comic-Con 2012? :)
grading papers—topic: Interview w/a Controlled Drug User—& just now *really* hear lyrics to Alabama 3 "Hypo Full Of Love (The 12 Step Plan)"
Maybe ask the folks !
ALERT!!! New Boys & Brilliance shooting a music video at Club 151 W. Congress Suite 600 Club Attire! Bring Friends*** HAPPENING NOW!
: ) RT : one heck of a personal stimulus plan
If you're going to drive it like a Prius why did you buy the Beamer?
The rest of the country doesn't think like you. Get ready to cry your eyes out in November. You can always move to Iran.
ALERT: No USC football? Feel free to stay in bed all day.
sounds like fun
how did this turn out? DM if needed or have someone else do it
yeah that's good... aye dude who's going to finals?
Am I imagining it or do these off clip on mosquito repellents really work?
aww, looks just like you.. Lol ;)
Ever hog tie a goat?
well, yes, their senior class is like 3 people.
Have a Happy Memorial day!!
Sadly, i have to agree. RT : Paul McCartney needs to quit.
external validation, esp important for fledglings
yes indeed! Keep strutting, you hot thang!!!
Live music at Varsity Bar! The Union League Sessions, Stew Nelson, and Tessy Lou & the Shotgun Stars! No no cover, drink specials!
I will never win this game without you.
LOVE it. I can't believe we didn't think of a SNOW DAY - yea!
Lol I'm mad as fuck
Parking my car and I almost got mugged by a cock roach, he wanted my lunch
If laughter is the best medicine, then I overdose daily. ;)
All I have to say is that prom better be poppin, and the food off the hook after all those money I spent.
sad feelings and emotions piling up inside = new song
I was married in a courthouse. Legal binding agreement between to consenting adults.
Haha. Too true! RT : thou shall follow me so I can dm you back ; )
#SometimesYouHaveTo Lick it..before you stick it...youve gotta tap it... before you slap it... lmao
Thanks for the follow!
Good morning beautiful ppl :):):)
What's your favorite holiday? Why?
must be... tell i dedicate "Love Love Love" by Donny Hathaway to her & her new beau!!! lol
POLL: 100% DO NOT SUPPORT getting arrested and punching cops. That doesn't bode well for you.
- it's a picture of a grilled cheese w/ guacamole sandwich...enjoy.
where did he end up?
: Oh and better readability throughout... Cleaner experience imho
Looking forward to our new partnership with NPC.
what are you guys doing tonight?
Do u realize 30 years from now some idiot actress is going to be talking about the "challenge of portraying an icon like Kim Kardashian"
If you want to improve your vocabulary...read and look up any words you don't know. Keep your mind active & add creativity to your
RT : RT : Blizzard condition in #Taos center. Temp dropping fast and snow sticking. #nmwx {#yummy}
finger-paint style photo/video shoot was a fun way to spend this rainy afternoon
if the two of them were to combine...i want to be dressed in it at my funeral.
Mikey? hay bby.
Caffeinated, smart me had just filed all those li'l trivial packets away and undercaffeinated/not-so-clear thinking me just didn't catch on.
I keep trying to doing my homework, but my computer has a magnetic field that pulls me to it and FORCES me to got on the internet :P
Rob Van Dam is seriously thinking about returning to WWE. Rob Van Dam is seriously considering returning to the WWE "
Cheers to Counselor Hillary Parcell, who was celebrated on the cover of on Saturday! www.hopewellnews.com
Good video games do more than entertain.They create a valuable experience in which players develop expertise, knowledge they apply to goals
Every night i pray that God bless me wit another freak like you.lmaoo 2/11/2012 </3
boy I wonder what kind of ugly that would produce. ha! maybe Todd could host! ha!
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
One day spent in the house of God is better than a thousand spent anywhere else in the world.
Idk yet. Maybe like Megan good short our a bob
He Doesn't Know Me I live In Philly
GREAT hospitality at #tmtdu2012. Thanks to my newest BFF for showimg me "city rooms" at DU w location-based snacks!
I slept all of 45 minutes.
Agenda for tonight: Rooting a Nook Color, then sleeping for a long time.
At the Knicks game. Crowd chanting "47" - wizards score here in the mid 4th quarter. Pretty funny.
I kinda feel like everyone is only watching The Walking Dead because everyone else is watching it.
Sales is the engine that powers your business
Check out the job i just retweeted, could be good for you!
...fantastic! Thanks, Olen! And thank you, Great screen shots! you've got mad production skills. nice work!
it's cold and it sucks
vibes stoned.
and turned me into a nicki minaj fan! Lol I keep listening to right by my side :))
Me to brain: come on, time to wake up. My brain to me: fuck you, why the hell should I? Then it bitch-slapped me. Today will be interesting.
What happened???
its my birthday tomorrow my girlfriend just called said she touched you're wrist for me at the stl agt show said yu were great
OPD deployed in various sectors around downtown looking for cat &mouse vandals, arson
Reading Lolita and wondering why did I wait so long this prose is beautiful, and also how creepy will this get.
yeah I'm looking pretty pathetic right now. So sad!!
Two eggs Sunny side up with Bacon, Potatoes, Toast.M
So flippin' good! RT : Just saw a private screening of Moneyball... WOW!
Exactly what I thought.
#lakers fans Who do you personally hate more, #Celtics or #Heat? C's are all-time rivals but Lebron (sucks) & Co. are so hate-able. . .
hey there how are you
i refuse 2 give up. i refuse 2 let her walk out my life, im determined more than ever 2 make it right, i will have her back in my life!
Looking forward to another unproductive day in Doral, doing nothing except watching movies and sleeping
who cares if i get grounded ill do anything just to see him(:
yes, of course :). Already looking forward to the next Alpha Beer!
yupp it was shit! but we was cuttin up
yes sir :P
Bout time somebody bully Thad...👉💪👈
That just made my day a whole lot fucken better !
hell yeah, glad you like it!
To all females don't be a victim, Women's Abduction and Rape Prevention Seminar January 28, 2012 Contact Anna for more info 786-333-4868.
they still trying to hold on to the best night of the year scared what this year gonna bring. Happy new year to you too!
"The tip of the Mitt" -- oh no Ann Romney didn't.
I can't wait to get out of this dorm room. A few more months and I'm IN THE BLOWS
RT : rt- our lesson is to work with those who resonate with our viewpoint and all the others will be repelled.
Happy Follow Friday to all you sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wasteoids, dweebies, dickheads. Thanks for adoring me ;-)
#ilikeobamacare because our politicians always do well with "comprehensive" legislation.
your welcome!
Every thing he signed,every law,executive order,every EPA reg,every Green Agenda,the list goes on,all monies Michelle spent
My mind's got a mind of its own...
Do you all host a book discussion group these days?
Not sure what I think of using the homeless as pawns in our bandwidth obsession, referring to 'Homeless Hotspots' at SXSW
42 Day Book a Job challenge is on.....why do costar roles keep coming to me out of nowhere?! :-)
Looks like a good crowd at the always-friendly #quelab - hope to see you here!
Excited for #hotties pizza (and wine?) night!
“ #WeWontWork if you have nothing going for you .”
I want a Jolly Rancher right now. Ugh.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Nelson Mandela.
2 Classes Down, 1 To Go.
So let's fast-forward to the part when we suddenly stop talking so I don't have to sit here and waste my time.
What your on the internet looking for come backs! With your cheap ass lines!! >:D
Do it!! Just for the adventure!! At least once... Go go go!!
Guess they never got my name off the program. had a travel conflict. I am sure Susan did an excellent job!
Big updates are coming up this week! Stay tuned!
-__- fuck all that noise carolina bout to smack duke
#reenvisioningnagel I keep thinking of the skills that my own children are missing by the nature of their disabilities
im sure we will :D but lets hope its over the summer or something
BEARS GOT BRANDON MARSHALL!!! IT'S OVER #SuperBowlShuffle #CuttyGoesDeep Amazing start just 10 minutes in Free Agency!
Just read "Requiem For a Glass Heart" and it absolutely slayed me. Gorgeous and heartbreaking.
I'm on annual leave today & Monday. Let's talk Tue and maybe do a CuratePete'sCamp.
Fridays are for #food tweets. #FoodieFridays we suppose. Actually, ideas welcome. Bon Appétit!
Excellent keynote by , Ambassador of the Republic of Indonesia to the US. Thank you for coming!
I'm not playing games with you. I'm done doing that.
google it daaaaaaawg
Clear skies tonight will drop temps into the mid to upper 20's. Mix of clouds and sun tomorrow with hi of 58. Rain/Snow mix possible Sat.
Some people want it to happen. Some people wish it would happen. Others make it happen
#That1FriendThat is obsessed with the Hunger Games.. Oh wait, there's like 5 of them.
TONIGHT @ The Mansion DOWNTOWN in concert! Get your tickets NOW for only $9.89! See you tonight with 98.9 Magic FM
warner still has his mojo on
Headed up to Conger park in Jackson for a tennis match against Madison
Yo Corte,Do you have a contact for production?
Heavy-Hearted Djokovic Powers Through Three-Setter At Monte Carlo; Rafa Romps Novak Djokovic battled through news of his grandfather's pa
what can i get into today
ASMT welcomes Pike High seniors for apprentice day.
what does PDS stand for?
o yea lol
is really feeling herself right now! LOL
"Thinker, Morality, Determination." - great read!
I've seen lone feral chihuahuas several times. I say we call for photo submissions and start a feral chihuahua tumblr.
I need u all to Rt this tweet if u like my new icon :)
Julie Dash at free 20th Anniversary Screening of "Daughters of the Dust." 2Morrow at the New School, W13th St. RSVP here!...
consensus - we all agree that we can support the outcome - have a fall-back for decision-making; transparency is very important.
Google has inspired me to celebrate Heinrich Hertz's birthday several hundred times a second.
Thanks for the follow Jamie!
Only she can pull it off
Good reviews are beginning to come in on BUZZ, a young adult novel set in South Texas. About a boy & a beekeeper & dealing with bullying.
The sound of rain falling asleep >
yo yo, check out Diamond Plate. Holy shit they rock!
Looks funny lets go watch it when it's out!
That's why I don't trust anyone.
Our End of Year Jewelry Clearance SALE is going on now. Save 40% more on select jewelry.
Gonna be leaving shortly for a dbl @ Long&Horny. ...:::that noise:::...
I hate the city name hats the NFL draftees wore. Extremely ugly.
is just now discovering Twitter
At a wedding where we only know the bride and groom. There is free beer, however. We will make friends, I'm sure.
Nice ! RT : Is it weird that I absolutely LOVE being sore from working out.
2011 Bachelorettes - Sherry's got San Diego wrapped around her finger... check here for all the free perks and deep discounts in SD...
Just witnessed a triple play here at #Dodger Stadium!
Pulling the boat shoes out...
haha wow what do u guys do on the phone ???
When people take for fuckin ever!!!-.-
Cory Booker literally saved a woman from a fire. Vince Gray, its time to step your game up.
Thank you to for continuing to support Marion St. Garden this season! We can't wait to celebrate more successes with you all.
Tonight was so great, thanks friends!
great to hear. I'm good. Hanging with my wife and kids
I'm like the Hulk. You wouldn't want to make me mad. I throw a fucking temper tantrum, it's pretty fucking pathetic.
thanks Kat - he was such a sweet boy.
i watched soul surfer the other day&it took me forever to realize u were in it. You looked different in lemonade mouth lol
have to be up in 4 hours, dance competition tomorrow :)
Rehearsals are in full swing for Carmina Burana...I feel a little "O Fortuna" coming on...
so how do i find more #followers, #terps, #wizards, #caps, #ravens, #orioles fans welcome
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson & Johnson Dental Pics and most oral care products.
theres no rainbow on our block man, your iPhone is a liar.
We're planning a theatrical release this fall, and are currently participating in festivals across the country. Keep...
did they say anything of importance at all
thank you for letting me exhibit my two best skills tonight; those of spelling and shaking my booty.
Agree!...Gross, eh? Sweaty bodies, cheap drinks, not-so-classy girls & a few skeezy frat boys. Best advice: Keep your shoes on.
DAILY POKER TIP: When you're not in a hand, try to guess what the other players have. This will sharpen your reading skills.
Don't you mean #Marksaiditwouldbelikethis? Ha! How about the nice move-in weather?
Sound and performance with walking La- Nikon d800- rain- a new tripod- Ojai- SIDMAKER Tuna melt- going to brazil for a shoot- video-thoughts
“: thank yu” no problem,guy.hit me up!
Going to bed have to be at work at 6. Have a good night- talk to you tomorrow ;-)
And deprive myself of the joy I'm experiencing now?? It's the little things.
Screw this ishh i'm movin'!
I've been so stressed this month & today made it NO better...Lord, give me the strength.
#AlexOWNEDiJever Lol iJever Dont Mess With Mahomies You mess With The Best You'll Go Down With The Rest...
Ahh, TGIF. #Indy, what do you have in store for the weekend?
Second time I've heard about audioboo today. Recording and submitting audio with your mobile device. Great info!
on Tues at with Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
I wish I could bust all those pranks that Bart does... v.v im a litto pipi
Oh yeah, I ran in a marathon yesterday! Totally inspired by
try 7-11 - and let us know what you think!
RT : Health Evolution Partners: Were going to focus on companies addressing unmet needs #health2con Gee, good idea.
Waterfront antics, haberdashery shoppe oddities and zombie watching from the corner of the terminal. I loved that day w/you.
My bro uses a camcorder and it's really nice. But I think laptop cause you wanna make filmmaking a career
Being Centered has nothing to do with where you are but everything to do with where you are trying to go.
hahah, only if you knew the half of is shawnte ... #onlyif.. Hahah kyree is to much!!
#Gemologist is described by trainer Todd Pletcher as being a consummate professional, talented, reliable, always giving 100 percent.
: I worked for Rodney Kings Record label in the 1998
Last day of classes. Yyuuuuuhhh
Mights as well go to bed
Stop being hilarious.
Note to self: don't wear flip flops in a hail storm ... Ouch my toes!
goin to starbucks #addicted o.o
Woohoo! Plz donate my ticket to anyone who will enjoy the game. I have family obligations. I like the podcast! Good takes!
Mind following my new account ?
um, nobody has Star Wars yet. was asking what are you looking forward to in '11.
yep never dull moment here w/the monkey jackin lol but maint was in my newer apt today. ya! good sigh for 6/1 move.
RT : "We ALL want every good thing for our children. Where is the controversy in that?"
#thatawkwardmoment when u retweet someone's tweet and u didn't mean too and you realize a day later....nicccceee
For residents near Southton Road, we're hosting a Mission Reach public meeting tomorrow night at 6:30 at 9874 Southton Rd.
Mount Holyoke alumnae are a great networking resource! Don't hesitate to activate it!
I love when clients come up with a funny ideas for their videos. Shows their sense of humor to their industry.
lol for real.
We are all just Stardust.
Jeremy Lin was asked if he could return this series: “In a few games. Not tomorrow or the game after or anything like that.”
I hate being new....cant wait to start getting the hang of things so i can shut this trick up ~___~
please follow me? <3
It's Not True That You Are Getting Married
You know you want it, so come an get it. Cheerio ;) ❤
Are we to the point of commodification of the archive?
No, of course not. His contract is DP-esque, and the Flyers are going to pay for it.
I want to hear this joke b/c I was there: MT : I had a Tiananmen Square joke earlier, RT A tank rolls into a bar...”
what's good
yeaa but ina big bin cuzzzz his food literally goes right through him hahaha he's not potty trained yett
is Boufbowl going to make it to other communities? It's some beautiful silly good fun. :)
what are you watching?
Reading between the lines is an art that some people can't grasp
I just love to clean my room on a Monday morning!
are you going to write a #nycc article for ?
Excited for and Cut the Rope. Love that game!
#OMGrandegame Willow, Judy Garland
DreamFace Interactive is in San Francisco for Web 2.0 Expo www.web2expo.com We are on booth 331 starting tomorrow. Come see us!
You just need to devote a few more hours to studying!
quick. Turn it off!
The 'Adult Unlimited Class Program' at IMPAC is a success! Please be advised that the fee is $58.
Apt. neighbors getting a karaoke machine is basically an act of war, right?
Actor Blair Wing finished an MFA, worked w/ a dance company, auditioned for major network TV shows and had trouble landing roles
Making a video-ography room this weekend! With :)
Children classes/w parents?
RT : Virginia's Spring Game this Saturday will be televised by ESPN3 beginning at 2:15. Remember, that's ESPN3....
I keep searching for something that's already gone.
no thanks. lol
just pay it forward
don't stop believin, hold onto that feeeelin.
Yeah. I think they have bigger issues to deal with right now.
same to you girl! Hope its a blessed one for you
The Royal Wedding is Tomorow Wow
And thats why ive never done acid, really dude, its a tree, not a pay phone
Yes they will. They're not going to risk damaging that kind of talent. No team would these days.
if the penguins don't win their next game against the flyers, i will be very sad.
Thanks Ken! I did. How are you doing?? I feel like you haven't been up with us as early in the AM :(
People are going to get in big trouble with , that's why it's anonymous. Except anonymity doesn't exist. Thanks for playing.
Welcome new friends! Let us know how we can help.
There's trouble afoot at the Circle K...
lol that sounds like a fair trade. I'll try my hardest
You are so sweet D!!!! I love you! Thank you so much for the wishes, means the world! Can we pls do coffee soon?!
Morning! You are never given a dream without being given the power to make it true: Richard Bach. Thanks to for this quote!
what's wrong? I was with my sister just how saw ur post
I just came here to see if that was true and going around here.
I'm ridin solo
UPGRADED INTO PRODUCTS DIVISION YEAH!!!!!!
Sadly that is the truth of most social media.
RT : Just got done with a great interview with & Thx fit having me yall
I SERIOUSLY LOVE THEM I ILLEGALLY DOWNLOADED THEIR WHOLE DISCOGRAPHY IT GAVE MY COMPUTER A VIRUS
There is no finish line. ~ Nike advertisement
jur so nice :) you didnt me while you were in town doe :(
Just now: Saw a gecko & screamed, spooked my dog & she ran away, I chased her & stepped on a frog. I've failed.
Nike grand opening! Holllla
RT : feeling inspired to spice up my text notification sound.
Mad that i didnt get to talk to the person today.. im leightweight sad
Pete Campbell is about to invent stalking...lol #MadMen #Rory Gilmore
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them. –Ann Landers
Good morning. I just got kimchi in my eye.
I must say Think Like A Man was hilarious... Good good movie. Yal must see.
I would love to be your girlfriend "All Day"! lol <333333
“: You were joking? Chalk it up to #Poe 's law. ///exactly...and thank you
i want u wen the sun comes up but ur not there wen i need u..:(
ya there is something a lot better #soundhoud it's amazing! You'll thank me later
I want to go home. I'm so fucking frustrated I can't even do anything right
Wishing all the moms, mums, mommas, mommy's a Happy Mother's Day!
She said she only buys food from chic fil a because she can wash off the containers and reuse them -_-
Now Following
What song was stuck in your head today on your run?
GOOD EVENINGZ Y'ALL. HOPE YOU ALL ENJOYED ANOTHER HOT DAY LOL. WAITING ON THE SUN TO GO DOWN SO I CAN TAKE MY EVENING RUN!!! ;-)
Yeah Apex and Nova are specifically for ICS...
There should be a way to re-Tweet entire Twitter conversations. Hit 'view conversation', and then have a 're-tweet conversation' option.
Aww boys are really shy! :-P its kinda cute!!
May your nog be strong, Your driving all done, The presents be fun, Your family, a hit, With not a lick of spit...
well aren't you chipper? Good morning! :)
i just did a quick run- the gym is peaceful on fridays!
shout out to one of my favorite rappers . Mad cool. He got some heat coming real soon.
Carl Demaio, Nicole Ramirez, Bonnie Dumanis and the current Mayor. ALL Republicans that support Equality. STOP THE GAY BAITING!!!!!
Niggas fuck the same pussy . shake hands & laugh about it. bitches fuck the same dick . get mad & fight about it
i'll post it on the biebermist twitpic account .
if any of the Mahomie family is feeling down ; I'll always be there for y'all. <3
Lot of sweatpants and fanny packs in this library.
hi selena~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
But who is who?! RT : Mr. Met standing directly next to Mayor Bloomberg at the podium.
let's start the game! haha. lol. :)
Thanks for following me!! It made my day! As soon as I saw you followed me I smiled like crazy! <21
I wish I had a #crew D:
im new to twitter im, a up & coming singer
lol I always walk about 3-4 kg over, the cut is easy as I have 48 hours to make it.
Furthermore I don't think anyone saw Johnson unseating Feingold. It was the first major election post-Citizens-United..
GOOD THING MY MOM IS PICKING ME UP SOON
so does this mean Asheville is going to secede?
Working on some growth charts today, which means ironing. I won't iron clothes but I will iron for art !
thanks for the follow dudes!
With a journalism degree I can probably teach you to spell better than the other haha.
Cut and paste isn't actually a metaphor, FWIW
So Hunters from LA are planning to sell some "Hunter Bracelets" online, and luckily 60% of the earnings will proceed to a charity.
Camera Fun Time: shoot subject using a stool in various positions from different angles. Make half the shots candids and half smiles.
Good morning to all!
Rocking out to Bluegrass Metallica with , , , , , & It's good!
Headed to Collin County Child Abuse Prevention Gala Fundraiser thing at the Anatole with Kenny Loggins...I voiced the promo..all dressed up
Let us know if you hot-weather promo pros have any tips for us Northeastern folks!
cool I am also going to see Avengers in IMAX tonight. I hope this movie is better than Shame lol!
"There is little success where there is little laughter"
and you ant never lie broke ass niggas
Officially on vacation
Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be…
We finished a lot of gloves for the designers for Fashion Week. I wish them all much sucess and never give up on your dreams.
no one has picked it up. I'd be pissed if it was my bag.
Who's visiting me at work tonight!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
:) no regrets ...... everything is done for a reason
Jayla acts like #bss is something you volunteer for its clearly something you get sent to as punishment
looking like a good night for sure!
happy birthday!(:
Learn how to safely operate a motor vehicle on public roads to deliver goods or services.
please please please know that your fans love you do much
#c2css12 Simply put quotes around "phrases" that you suspect did not "come from their brains." :-) Joelle Pitts from K-State
In Exeter, New Hampshire, sleepy old New England town looking out the window of this historic hotel watching orange leaves sway and fall.
Probably always have! :P
Just finished watching that lol. Probably one of the better Francis videos for sure.
Whats that supposed to mean?
Thanks for the
Today at Oregon Convention Center - where books and brides collide! #wordstock and a bridal show under the same roof!
Thanks for the follow!
thanks u know i need your help
You deny your blessings when you take without giving.
so I ask, do you really deserve your dreams? If you dont decide, you never get the chance to see. So, take a risk
They Byzantine Fresco Chapel is staying open until 10pm tonight. Come by and say farewell to the frescoes!
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth. — Jewish proverb
That's a good idea! Not currently on our product roadmap, but we're open to exploring.
Precisely :) sorry to leave u out! : Well, I am hapa. So, I'm only half-snubbed? ”
Seems logical to me. I like the way you think.
We are live-we have all the reaction to the #NCAA #tournament games here-USSportspages.com
works for me! Haha
God it's you I love you You're so beautiful you're so happy you made the perfect end to jasmin
Devotchka is the best thing ever.
About to start
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
oh god can't wait to hear about it
My qualms come with putting INCREDIBLE HULK so low as its one of my favorites. Loved the direction and cgi work.
And please, let me be free from you. I can face the truth.
Good morning! Happy Tuesday!
YES! Spurs in 5...so long as I don't bet again! Ha
I heard it on KSR. Who's jersey should I wear tonight? Will you sign this for me? You don't know the John Wall dance?
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
Looking for high quality USB wireless headset to use with skype, preferably wraparound style, under $150. Suggestions? Sources? Thanks!
My friend brought it again today at . In a storm? You must download his message this wk. I'll post the link.
RT : An optimist sees a zombie as half alive. A pessimist sees a zombie and says "yep, I knew this would happen."
It was an awesome chat tonight and def one of my fave topics. #IntDesignerChat (had to scoot in and out though)
wow what a comeback from the old puma swag of the 80's
we still got eachother!
RBI double from G. Cipolloni and 2-RBI single from Skinkis highlight the inning for Virginia.
thank you!!!
Grief can be likened to waves in the ocean. Sometimes it is low tide with soft water at your feet, other times you have head high waves.
#Tennessee #Titans Legend #EddieGeorge is now part of #legendsfantasyleagues..think you can take down a #heisman winneer?
lmao i mean my best friend Lol her name is carola
Ah! Today is my Super Bowl! There is no time to lose.
I wonder if people in France and Germany say, "Excuse my English, but......"
ok but are you cool if Zac comes to brunch... And London?
on my way with my little barbie doll!!!!!
My great grandmother is psychotic....
Your feeling cornered try being the victims of your lies
will you please follow me?? (:
episode got cut off. Some interesting companies, anyway!
6:00 PM - American Cancer Society Benefit w/a ton of local bands.
If I drink more coffee it helps me not be too grouchy the next day and I've got really powerful under eye concealer! LOLz ;)
Who else is a little more than slightly excited for the #NewGirl series to get kickstarted?
Find me on skype; Username: brian.silverj
What are the odds of that; i saw a Navajo Nation Police cruiser. Been a long time since I've seen them.
#whatIlearnedToday "the defenders of the earth" theme song was written by stan lee
Who's up?!
The jukebox at the bar has Michael Jackson's "Will You Be There." Party started.
I don't stand for that shit Lyle said instant block
Females in Red bottoms. O WEE
I should probably get my laptop charger, but then I won't be able to run to the other room screaming "ITS GONNA BLOW UP!"
Control your thoughts or someone else will.
It's always impossible until it's done.
Odd question, but if anyone knows a good Brooklyn or NYC physical rehab place that's good with amputees, it'd be great to hear.
CALL 619.224.3254 and get 30% off of a Harbor View Room when you mention this tweet for stays Tonight through Thursday! CALL now!
yay! that means we can play all day!!:D
Haven't went running for a while and it shows. Ouch.
A job is still a job, right? :) Keep up the great work!
HELLO, IM LOOKING FOR PROJECTS TO WORK ON OR A PRODUCTION DEAL FOR TWO PRODUCERS/SONG WRITERS I MANAGE
lemme do it. It's easy
or who have lost children. There may be a way to acknowledge that loss in the midst of a celebration.
Do it straight like that
RT : #210 T.G.I.F. #Fridays #GetFamiliar wit
it's super Tuesday & my boy Herman Cain is MIA? lol
Fuck animal cruelty.
Ha! Fellowship. Now we know who actually paid attention.
The Internet is becomin the townsquare for the global village of tomorow and am here to make a settlement of my own..
hey. Job still worKing u to death?
Great fuel show! First time I've seen moshing to 1000 miles hahah!
#Np Tank &&; Chris Brown - Foreplay
yep! Did you check him out?
me too. did you pre order or are you getting it later?
disagree disagree disagree
the awkward moment when you can't find your friend&you're standing there looking like a loner
Thanks to the reds the cubs now win an impressive 26 percent of the time. Hey but it's cool we won it all in 1908, right?
WTF WEDNESDAYS!!!! Mary Ann Gutierrez: Wtf is up with all the attention seekers on fb??!!
Thank you!
So who's diggin our music!?
Just Made Ha Mad. Smh!
Correct answer for starry night mural location was Mt Washington behind crepe du jour. Congrats to the winners! Now let's go Ravens!
Went to Forever 21.
How has society not tapped into this great idea? We will be well-laid geniuses.
Are u serious zachary you feel good and wonder why Hell its because you should
Guess what I have for tonight?? A whole f*ing pile of oyster crackers!!
Now ill be up all night till chris talk to me hehhe
": We all know that one girl that dresses up like she's going to a club, but her dumbass is at school."
yes! Thank you. Plan on posting tomm
RT : Nancy Grace is about to go HAM about this verdict! Let loose the dogs Mrs Nancy Grace!! Yes she is!!
I did that? I'm very sorry.
wow. Good luck with all that...
Some people want to talk and talk. Don't they know I've got to go into the bathroom and jerk off.
You are America's sweetheart Miss Betty White, i use to stay home and watch you in Golden GIrls. Love Hot in Cleveland!
Happy to say that today's my Friday! Lots to be done before enjoying a long weekend. Early #FF for , fabulous digital media pro!
I put a hole in a monkey.
Regardless of who you like, getting to a game 7 is good baseball, perhaps if we all light up a Jaime Garcia it will help the Cardinals mojo!
Muchas Gracias:-) MERRY CHRISTMAS & A GREAT NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!
i l y more :) whats up?
I been waiting
what's good bra. Is it true about mike T
Ya go Griz. Rudy Gay and OJ Mayo most underrated players. Pacers or 76ers would be cool
welp Wat do they call it ? #twitterafterdark ...so you go to sleep if yu don't wNt to see this lol
Today I´m going to the beach with my friends.... it will be fun
All of my favorite things! RT On Tap Today: Eat, Sing, Read.
Great season
ctfu ugh its ya boy rick ross ugh and my boy wise marciana ugh and my nigga jaysmooth ugh lol
Rue La La has a bridal boutique today... eat your hearts out, brides to be!
real talk
Already having one of "those" days. When you're a cannibal, EVERY fight is a food fight!
yo gabba gabba! my new favorite kid's show!!!
I guess I can say this: I am passionately committed to being part of an open and affirming UMC congregation.
good luck on that, save me a bowl
That was a poor mistake by Terry, but he didn't appear to hit him very hard... Alexis went down very easily.
Planning on it eventually. :)
I wish I had remembered it's April Fool's Day
I consider the "something big" knowing who you are and how to project this awareness for full benefit.
1-0 series lead for the Heat, this is gonna be a good series ! I hope Bosh's injury isn't too serious
Hey Mike, thanks for the ataboy
than 2out of the 4 tryed to put chewd gum on me
Time Magazine Generously Shares National Magazine Award
dance remix of welcome to the jungle?
haha true that!
Is back to the good ol' us & a!
#SocialMediaTip never let your emotions take advantage of you
at number 10, they draft BPA. Whoever they have rated the highest that is there, they will pick. Looking for game changers.
let's go to the movies tonight. In honor of Betsy's bday!
i know where you live too... It might not be there when you get back :P
Oh, it's the worst feeling, especially since I really do want people to be able to read it.
omfg just cracked the fuck up when he's like fucking off the wall singing that I'm dying
Okay, and Thank you. I went to you site...All I can say is WOW!! I have 20 years in and around the kitchen.
Let's see, Well, the 2010 Leonetti Merlot is kickass
i am great!! may i ask what your name is?
Hoping to have a new song wrapped up tonight!
why u up so early??
Psychological Fact: To dream that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction & fascination for that person
- is it going down this Sunday? blog doesn't say much about it.
YOUR FUTURE: Today you must leap into a more INTERNATIONAL frame of mind. Your own provincialism is holding you back. AFRICA, for example.
got i bro
Reading David A Kessler's THE END OF OVEREATING: Taking Control of The Insatiable American Appetite. ~It's an excellent book
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest. George Matthew Allen
im sad diggys tour isnt coming to VA but i really hope to meet u again soon. my friend alex loves u and is dieing to see u :)
What's wrong with being a bitch?
us too:)
I'm Antonio, Reference Librarian at a medical library in NYC.
Fresh Our donuts, cookies, brownies & muffins are so delicious, you'll wonder what we put in them.The answer is simple - love/sugar.
Sneak Peek: See Clips from the Series Finale of Wizards of Waverly Place! (VIDEO) If you ’ve been keeping up with the Disney Channel hi
ok so my work computer has some sort of "threat found" on it.. but ESET can't clean or delete it.. what gives? :
Contracts are beautiful things. I love working with the language. Is there anything more beautiful than that which makes things fair?
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.. Let's work! Wat up?
I have stayed in contact, dummy!
lol. well in that case im currently digging you singing tatto via youtube
Happy birthday, gorgeous!!!
Been gone for a while . IM BACC :)
RIP Whitney.... we will be playing a mix of Whitney songs again today, in tribute to such a beautiful woman & legacy.
thank you for everything! Couldn't ask for a better birthday.
I Hope So Cause i Been here since Day one!
#fuckbroncos big tooth bastards
What a great quote. Rockin'!
That was Brooklyn's Jesus shot for no fuckin reason -the game
British accents ♥.♥>>>
Definitely.. its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people..
Headed to the beach tomorrow!
yea yea. nbd.
Well work sucks so far. Wishing I was heading to Dallas now. Is it Friday yet?!
IT is Nice to know that My brand New spankin Ipad is Paid 4 Free and Clear
Get after way to gain free stuff like food and drinks throughout Madison!!
thanks for the add. We tweet a ton as well, and look forward to sharing information with you!
My wife called me and was anxious about our cat who is home alone, was not anxious about me...
KDE creates app for parents to stay in touch with child's classroom & teacher.
RT : - not going to run for the Whitehouse but he's up for a White Castle run! Me: Oh Snap!
lam following
just listened to your buddhist geeks podcast, it was great! Can't wait to read the book :)
“You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.” – Zig Ziglar
I will try my hardest:) I gotta hang with the fam tomorrow!!!
Did a backhandspring last night for the first time since over a year ago.... definitely feelin that today.
The only spot that owen wants to fall asleep is right on my ankle, which is, subsequently, also asleep..
oh my, tell me where you went so I don't go there, lol, =-)
Cold run today. Wore everything I packed except for a plastic bag. After a mile realized I should have worn the bag too.
7-miles. We're not meant to be there. RT : James Cameron is now on the seabed of the Mariana Trench, 35755 ft, per
I hate getting out of bed to get ready for bed :(
is that what the apparition told you?
Cheers ... Andre in a hotel ice bucket = classy
How can I BE a REAL part of 'THRIVE'?
anyways, hahaaa, i'll stop spamming you twitter messages now :)) ttys!
My little sister actually has tallents I just suck I'm general.
Because nobody cares what Perry says at all.
Good day at the gym. :)
Brandon Paul - Wow!
Great meeting you too! Let me know if you ever get up this far North!
Heading to the Missouri Baptist Convention today in Raytown with our Pastor. Should be an interesting day.
yo come follow yo boy back
Thanks to all the fans that show up I felt the love!
:haha yes that sometimes works :p or just hangout with you because you make me laugh so hard! FISH...
All designers for our finale fashion show has been selected... Can't wait!
Lol..um, what are you talking about?
then i won't be available until 18th :(
Blasting Right Above It.. Everytime I hear it I think of and
~Joseph AddisonPleasure is very seldom found where it is sought .
Are you working weekends? That's crazy! We quality check all documents and verify receivers prior to delivery-not automatic
- Happy Easter/Passover to you Ryan. Wish you were here with me. My heart feels what it feels. :-)
Thanks SO much for the mention !!!!!!
save some for me.
Go comb your hair
AMeN!! 😊 Praising God today for opportunities I never could have dreamed of- including meeting you!! 💛 Have a great day!🌸
Feelin good after the solid MU game - now gotta get ready for G-town
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs FIRST N FOREMOST we too stuck up our own ass to pay attention to what we need to change so love can find us
Join us at our Little Italy location for an All Night Happy Hour! Enjoy light bites and daily wine and beer specials with us!
“: Don't judge. Behind every person, there's always a reason why they are the way they are.”
Wow just wow.
About to head to American deli for these phillies ^.^..but first I need gas -__-
Dance class 2night 7p Bible Study 8p, best Hip Hop Class in town, totally cheep! More info at www.rocksteadydance.org
I heard Judge Penny Brown Reynolds speak today. She was awesome!
RT yes okay brilliant
for some reason i feel like taking pills
what's up?
Hey Peeps! Today's your last day to enter 's March Madness to win all kinds of great theater tickets including...
Thanks for listening brother!!!
“: follow back?(:” followed!
Review: Wuthering Heights
RT : See you in Memphis on Sunday.
Thinks that "Peter Francis Geraci" can suck it!!!! For realz!!!
is coming to Janesville, WI! Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
Happy Solstice !
Police have surrounded the Anasazi Building, a boarded-up skyscraper in downtown Albuquerque, hoping to catch a trespasser. A copper thief?
Good morning y'all! 4 day work week, yeeaaaa! (5 for us Saturday client-focused Over-achievers)
I love how I'm always surrounded by couples at school. It's cute but then I get a little bothered :/ #LetsBeCuteTogether?
No! Maybe he'll be available for the other GSW game down the road?
Q5 via Where did you last discover?
#Actors! Just heard: #Audition seminar at #Reproductions was/is already sold out! Thanx. UR awesome. Looking forward to your #actor mojo!
Wedding and honeymoon done.. BEST time of my life... Now at the airport ready to head home to LA:-)
story of my life
two strikes
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team
#Drew this is my 2nd tweet. Keep singing. You can do it. & I will buy your albums & go to your concerts. You're amazing. <3
Glad to hear the first day was good!
have fun!
You're in the back of my mind
mos def! When we do one for m.a.c. Its gonna be pretty interesting lol especially with lmbo and his silly self
A Knights Tale! :)
Kitchen Nightmares: Ungrateful assholes who have made bad business decisions get bailed out.
Hmm should I jump back into the world of Skyrim? Play through Mass Effect 2 as evil Shepherd? Or play a bit of COD?
Vin Scully has a lot to say about the war today.
in the middle of it. But I do have hope that the situation is resolve for the sake of the innocent caught in the middle. Peace
You know, it's a shame about Google+. The photo gallery design on that site far surpasses Facebook.
A lot of the CEA analysts are speaking at our Industry Forum event this week. Check out for event news.
When searching jobs on LinkedIn, use the 'more' tab to search by skills and expertise for a more tailored search.
You wanted to know my fave song right now ? The new song "Waste A Lot Of Things" // can't wait for the new album
mike u have my number...
sure thing
": Way to go young man getting paid, getting paid 👴"...I heard calvin got a job!..let's rob his ass!
7 clinical trials closer to a cure. Help raise funds for #Duchenne research. Text SAVE to 80888 to donate $10 to the cause RT
4L: DISABILITY; SMART MONEY; LINE OF MEIER; SIGN SAYS
Spotted and his crew outside for lunch. Hope ya made the smart choice and got a deli sandwich
Please stay for the very end of THE AVENGERS!
#realtalk RT You know who rocks? She's on this little run and I'm so glad. But she doesn't check her twitter feed
Hip Hip Horray for 1001 followers!
Currently listening to: MESSER - The One That Heals on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
God gave me elevators and for the ups and downs
am I hungry?
will do my man!
I now understand the blue balls theory
It is a dream of mine that one day theses will consist of one, incredibly well-thought-out search engine query.
S/O 2 all da Sexy Women Who following Me, BlacFritz aka Mr.HangLow, aka Make u Squirt:-)
I don't think I could ever say this enough......... I Love You!!!!! *Dreamy eyes*
will you be my mama???
yeah im gonna delete the tweet with my number # cuz maybe someone is gonna text me lol
DCPS teacher used primary docs from during his lesson about #GeorgeWashington today. Had the students reading & discussing!
what text?! Was it recently?
We got the #Miller girls in the house from 10-11 giving away FREE BEER & prizes! All Miller products are $1 off tonight as well!
Got so drunk last night. Was wearing some guy's du rag like a boss
Toka Salon...Nuri working his magic on my hair!
Flapping buttocks burned into my brain. Oh, the memories.
Time to re-factor a Wordpress hack to integrate with a sleek cloud based CRM that doesn't suck, called
#outfront #cnn If I trashed my boss online I'd be fired - Sgt Stein deserves to be sacked...for stupidity
Night world. See you in London tomorrow
yeah.. Well maybe we can like see each other like soon before school starts
"Curators tend to be gatekeepers; educators tend to be gate-openers." Sarah Schultz cites Tom Finkelpearl.
Keep your eyes peeled, apparently more roster news for the Timbers forthcoming after the #Fucito trade.
With everything that's popped up on my to do list this week, there MUST be an extra day in there. Have you seen it, ?
Just listened to the portfolio podcasts! My 1st step will be to print and file my coursework all in one place. :)
Thanks for following, will be posting more :)
Bout 2 my hair soon so I can start my preparation 4 the weekend...I'm gonna get it in...o yeah!
Just follow me and check my facebook page
Absolutely exhausted. How am I going to survive the rest of the semester?
i will
hey will you follow back? :)
I totally understand that! You know the gym and I am ready for you when you are. We are in there Tues and Thurs night @ 7:30.
Interesting ending to
6 epic screenings, 2 brand new gray hairs and 1 best editing prize for DETROPIA. Our Sundance journey ends and the life of our film begins..
I don't know if I can keep watching Girls. It's like reliving every bad decision I made in my early 20's, and who wants to do that?
Your too pretty :(
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Happy Halloween from Family Roots Travel. Be safe!
Would love a ballot of the people in the room about how open and transparent the companies are in this room?
Fun Fact Friday: Direct spending on leisure travel by domestic and international travelers totaled $489.7 billion in 2009.
It appears that way.
I wanna crawl :'(
haha I'm just joshin ya
Nothing you can confess can make me love you less... I'll stand by you
Is there a suggested way to get screen caps into a dropmark without having to go to the finder and drag the file in?
Madison in a varsity jacket;)
Thanks! I usually dont do the ff thing, but I always retweet so people see who is awesome enough to do it!
it would have to be GLD in carson or hollyweed, that spot we went to (: i like that too, they know how to accomodate their crowd
can i have a message in your fanbook??:)
Love the tie! And I like how "over it" you look in this pic. Plus, familiar shoes. ;)
Study found that kids who ate meals with family members are 24% more likely to eat healthy foods than kids who eat alone. A.Benjamin
WOW! Great idea! RT : Build your favorite real-world places in My Town 2! Available on iPhone, iPad, & iPod Touch!
If A's hold on & win today, they lead 9-5 in 8th, then A's will be 4-2 w/ Inge playing for them I have a sickness, keep tracking his stats
I mean 56% of pastors have viewed porn in the last 30 days and an additional 43% lie about it:)
Wait a sec, where are all of the obese kids in the Disneyland Kinect game?
this assembly gets me out of Math...yes
that is the nerdiest thing I've ever seen. And YES but I will do harder choreography.
yes indeed !!!!
Heh. You can look but you can't touch. ;)
@ I am crying I can't stop so much shock about Whitney
The new one! But "The Holiday" is my new favorite this year! White Christmas is amazing though as well. :)
dude it was pretty good. Likin the approach
I been.. But I should be going back for "work" soon.. I'll be on the lookout
We are glad you are enjoying the service! Happy New Year!
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing
Getting excited about the Reston Triathlon this weekend... hoping for colder weather!
Lol. Did you watch it? It was a mess!
In fiesta. I hear the spanish "achy breaky heart". Then some guy starts drumming it........
agreed. Have fun!
it gives you "a reason" to wait....anybody?
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. Dalai Lama via
No I must have missed it... :-( Resend it. How you doin'?
Happy Tomlinson Tuesday!
When people on campus don't know how to chew with their mouth CLOSED!
Wood or masonry? Plaster interior or drywall? Big differences in how easy it is to fix/retrofit stuff. You need history of all work.
#patio love
Its hard when you realize that the person you actually trusted, was also the person lying to you the whole time.
your welcome! Enjoy the cookies!!
I just added everything to my igoogle and set it as my home page. You have inspired me!
bummer, we'll just miss each other. We're shooting at the
i have to do that to... still not stopping me.. haha
Ladybits discussion over. On to brown people!
not the same thing buddy
Thank you
So many new artists to write about! Don't worry, I'll have a new one for you guys soon!
Brule is trending....we can get him trending but not #qaaa ?!?!?!
