Who wants to get sparked up?! Hmu
Thank you!
Does anyone remember the show NFL Matchup? Great show on Sunday Mornings. All they did was break down gametape w jaws and Merrill hoge
Big fat yellow donate button on front page. Volume 14.19 ready for everyone to download at thebeatwithin.org
you want pancakes?
5 more weeks of school
YES! RT : Brittany. Newark, Delaware. Someone funny like Tina Fey...or Tina Fey AS Liz Lemon!
My sister is a child life specialist (US-term). She does amazing work with kids and families inpatient and outpatient!
I agree. Take Lewin's elegant equation B(f) P+E behavior is a function of the person and the environment.
Linkedin is down,. of course everyone knows that.
Feel better!
Team Big Lou.
Just got to ! Surprised the bf with tickets tonight.. Hoping they will get this W :)
Another celebration tonight! Going to a business party w my General Mgr. All business to tonight 💼
..in 4yrs she's gonna run, she's better suited to be POTUS then SOS and I dare you to name a dem. for 2016 now. No, no, go ahead I'll wait..
aint nothin scarcastic about that, he stole a whole verse from a dead singer hes a homo.
Well, shucks. We have to buy a new pool liner for one of the rental properties. On the bright side .. they have some pretty ones!
I probs have a thing in my season pass booklet to make it cheaper!!!!!
my wife is blasting Pink Floyd on the stereo and, I'm sorry, but I just don't get it....
genius! That could actually work. :-)
Wow that's good but are they bad seats?
that's my jam. hova!
You too!! Enjoy
Thanks you!
The pinacolada song! on #repeat!
Commission votes to move Assembly maps forward to next phase. Will vote to adopt on August 15th.
Think I should start a rant twitter.
Thanks. Let me know if you ever need anything.
Liking an idea that De Leon is now broaching- that maybe we don't promote archaeology enough as an actual tool of modern inquiry.
the petitioners will not be pleased.
I love you're my inspiration please follow me on twitter please please i love you♥♥♥♥
u wanna go to Rangers Astros on tues hit me up?!?!
So my mom voulenteered me to babysit again
She's hot, and still hot after babies and stuff. She's married to a hot surfer, too. Her life is hot.
Lawyers what IF you had a steady stream of leads & prospects coming in from your marketing efforts?
Who is going to Smashing Pumpkins tomorrow at the Cosmopolitan? We'll see you there!!
ugh gonna go talk to my dad
oh and there's apple juice
thanks! Love ya too! 
that's what im sayin. Im on an anti viral medicine & im going to NYC all week. Gives me motivation to drink more.
or they may be trying to tell you something..WEIGHT ROOM
What makes you follow someone or a brand here? First thoughts on your mind.
RIP Heavy D
That's hard to do around here
i would appreciate if you all finished that record. Call me if you have any questions.
I asked if mama z available to come in to write tomorrow “: ahahahaha!!!”
the sky is bluee..
"Bury You In The Ground" by
I hope alex is paying you for them. After all you have to hang out with him.
Still thinking about #yardbird and , good food & good times!
well I was but I'm not anymore
#ireallywant LA radio to step their game up and play songs from this decade.
My friend is the best! Intelligent, funny and fashionable all rolled into one!
getting ready to hear your interview on
They closed splash mountain...again. Wtf
Come in for a doughnut, color a dinosaur & go to the NM Museum of Natural History & Science.Your dinosaur could help win a dozen doughnuts!
#HuskyFest is here! The special #FourPeaksNW show #HackingEdu tapes 2nite! Join us in the big tent in Red Square!
Imagine if the identity function was applied to innovation - 17 yrs for the stethoscope to be adopted.
Article brings up an interesting point re: Baron Davis amnesty. We all thought it was about #Cavs getting out of contract...
Let`s kick some Cal Poly tail tomorrow.
Perhaps...played #hockey last night and had a game for the ages. It may have to stay until its charm wear off!
Come Support CLIENT: as she Presents Bare Chest For Breast Cancer. Gifting Suite SPONSORED by: On 10.26.11...
:) RT Great conversation with Great things in store for and
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32,
The gathering announces prize pool at Starcraft 2, with the amazing amount of 17400$ in total. Huge step for norwegian eSport, yay!
I grew up mostly broke, so my selection of higher education institutions was very limited.
Marco you are great and all your artists are mind blowing, glad I hooked up with you.
You are a very talented photographer! Keep it up!
RT : Pressure Point analysis identified 29 pressure points in their example case. Feels like a recipe for info overload.
See this Business Opportunity! And who doesn't love candles.....
I would like to see a track other than Homestead be the final Cup race of the season.
hang in there girl. Watch the girl on Ellen who bought a house at 14. That should keep you motivated!
Movie time hope its not a crier
thanks but I fail bc of these braces!! They make ur mouth all Wierd lol! It would work for kailyn
U r not ur parents u r just of
Getting outta school at 1045 due to no air conditioning :D
Repeat of '94 in Vancouver...riots after game 7 loss.
no autographs yesterday...but did have a streak of 8 days with McHale comment once. 4 of those at the final 4!
fell asleep in english today so funny, i always sleep in tht class
Thanks for the shout out!
Good so far... (#Royals #Rangers)
The show better not end 
The Boys and Girls Club of Dane County is hosting a Thanksgiving Dinner and help is still needed!
it does indeed, the mall was packed today with people shopping for their summer lines
Casting directors and producers want to like YOU more than your picture.
RT : Safe to say they #gophers would have gone undefeated in the Pac12?
Last finance committee meeting EVER.
Baking into the wee hours! Lemon layer cake with lemon cream cheese frosting. The perfect midnight snack!
cuz I'm swearing..usully from hurting myself
ming. You're all over the place! RT : I like that new
Why is nd so pumped to beat Syracuse?
GOOD ONE!
#wattttevvaa...i can watch it my own.... no no more frnds kekek :P
Eli + Nicks = AMAZING!
Sent you a crazy long reply. Let's see what you think
"you're too close to a nest, dude."
hahaha okay :D
How did you spend your earth day? Try something that's healthy for your heart AND your environment! Ride a bike instead of driving!
We need to educate policy makers about how the Internet works so they can make better decisions
I know the feeling. The spring real estate market has kept me so busy, I haven't had time to update my events calendar!
Web site is official! Majorleaguesportstalk.com! Check it out, making some changes later
In Fairfax County this wkend? Reserve at Waples Mill is Grand Opening. All sorts of design and structural options available
Unhappy predecessor
RT #Life101 Remember this: There will always be something that's not right ABOUT YOU...to a person who's NOT RIGHT for you!!!
Rickie Fowler's game is finally starting to match his wardrobe.
Would love to see a movie where the word "vagina" was said, not as an insult, but as a regular noun.
I love Vegas ! Getting all my art ready and updating my site once my comp is fixed . Thank god for cell phones!
and "people who aren't really experts at anything other than regurgitating links and things others say"
walk in Brooklyn, surrounded by smartphone addicts, almost got hit in the face with an iPhone. people, look around you & have some eye fun!
Don't forget, we'll be at #ESX2010 starting tomorrow at booth # 314. Come on over, chat, and see the new #PBXAssistant!
good talk with the homie what he's about to drop next is crazy!
yes. It's a food cart festival, that will have food "art" you can eat! Consider yourself invited by me! Come say "hi" ;-)
Proposed: you can't love The Basement Tapes and hate Self Portrait.
Definitely want my artist in this
#happybirthday May 19, 1925- Malcolm X (Little), civil rights activist
Came home to a pile of home made cookies, and ribs in the oven. Nom nom I love school vacations nom nom nom
Watching the heathers with " I love my dead gay son!"
Q6 Creativity, as a skill, is in demand, but traditional schools stifle it. What can we do to change this?
Hologram Elvis has left the building.
I want to be a jillianairre so freakin bad.
It was a play on the lyrics. They hear the song and him saying "give me your hand". IE him telling them to give him their hand.
What are you creating today? I'd like to know.
This drama shit is getting ridiculous...
Now we are watching Madeas family reunion! Lmfao this movie is hilarious ;P
On my way to work
In my voice. "built my own lane ain't no nigga ever hand me shit"
Tired of games, i just want something real.
yes I did is there a problem or is somebody scared?
...and THAT is why is my go to.
no idea, but have fun! RT On my unofficial tour of Every City in the UK, Friday I'm seeing Bristol. What's good in #bristol?
Beauty..an intense pleasure or deep satisfaction to the mind. Hope you are having a beautiful Tuesday...SMOOCHES ==}
We are buying properties in Probate and Divorce court in Houston and Galveston- Paying Finder fees and referrals! Add home buying Services
your server is too busy; can't enter "...kitchen w/David". Bo. I wanna win! :)
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Thanks for the #ff mention yesterday, Margaret.
with plenty of craft beer I'm sure...
This is gonna be a good series between la paper clips and the San Antonio Spurs. Spurs in FIVE GAMES #GoSpursGo #SpursNation!!!!!
Inspiring Casting DIrector Workshop today with ..I recommend doing one with her for all actors in LA. Great insight:)
Yes Sir!!!
Today was the first day of American Craft Beer Week - bars across America are celebrating w/ tapping parties & happy hours, you should...
Philly cheese steak no mushrooms an a large lemonade is about to do me right
this weekend? Yup it must be legit cause you didn't say next week. Haha
Eli Manning is William Wallace combined with Clint Eastwood. Beat Rodgers, the 49ers D and Brady in one playoffs.
I love when people ship me. (;
Will you marry me? I think yes! :D
wup bro how u been...
i've been really good. and you?
work work work
#DallasMavs beat #NYKnicks but you only give Lin's box on Dallas' 103.3fm sports center break?!
My tooth brush was going off in class lmaooo. Embarssing.
Or ago, even.
MS. WILLIAMS.....WHEN DON'T U LOOK FIERCE...ME AND MY 2 DADY's LOVE LOVE U.....!!
Just Uploaded an new Store on www.myspace.com/mikelovemusic, Check it out!
There are a ton of great Hoops documentaries out there I like better than any movie. I like "The Street Stops Here."
inside jokes are the best...especially when you can share them with someone you love. that's my PSA for the day.
you must be so proud of yourself, a redneck from NY your smart
": #Capricorn sees through people like radar"
If they only come around when they wanna "cum" , then you're better off without them. That's not what makes a relationship.
ah thats awesome! check it out on itunes :) and we've been up that way already this year but im sure we'll be up there soon :)
Here at home tryin to keep cool. Gonna watch a movie with the hubby. :)
rofl gross
Who else wants it in madden???
Haha good one. I'm watching a movie with kaytee.
I hate disrespectful kids. I just wanna take my belt off and whoop some ass! That's all they really need...a real good ass whooping...😏
The Chitty guest visit is solid. There is nothing shitty about
Can't wait to go home! I hate FCAT.
That is tempting.. wish we could!
Thank you for the generous gift and lovely card. I enjoyed reading all of the messages. It was an honor to serve and I loved it!
my bad
Pretty mad that my sister has been home like only two nights this week -___-
HI PRIMA! how r ya? do you already know the date of the next family reunion? last thing I heard: AUGUST. my mom wanna know more :)
Lol that's fine. And you're welcome:)
Sniff, sniff... it's been so long:(!
goodluck babe! you'll do great!! 😘
congrats man!
Can't wait to see it
Old men seem to think that younger women are attracted to them hell no pops
This is going to be a good game
Thanks Luv! Drop by sometime we are located on 8mile near northland skating rink also we r looking4models u would be perfect
will the 3 point line move back to NBA distance one day?
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next
Hah! RT : Dear George Clooney, if you want to celebrate your win with a weekend at the Italian Villa, give me a call....
if u hate fb rt me
Packing for Leavenworth, wine tasting, mini-golf, mountain goats, camping, whitewater rafting.
So what can you Expect from the purchase of Our Guide??
Boy! How fast Heat "fans" change when their action packed star studded team is losing.
You might want to check out www.showcases1.com if you don't see it then give them a call 800-240-1850 for DVD case
I can't believe Nelly's Country Grammar is actually about Instagram... What the hell?
the secret to good blogs, as well as life: relentlessness.
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Love it! and yes, we're ready for our closeup Mr. DeMille!
Its easy to give up hard to keep going
"ABSOLUTELY gorgeous necklace!!!" - Nancy from Columbus, Ohio
Inviting you to join us a New Hope here in NOLA for service tomorrow...1807 LaSalle St...6:45 or 11!!!
10x application deadline is fast approaching, May 6. Don't keep your tech startup ideas locked in your head! Get it out to market!
Our website has been a little out of sorts the last few days, but we're back up and running now! Thanks for your patience!
SEND IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR OUR INTERVIEW WITH NOW!
Hell is Empty & all the devils are here
i feel like im gonna throw up omg...and i have the hiccups...oh no.
Good morning world!! check my music out at www.myspace.com/joridel425 let me know what u think. thanks!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Little Shy Dogs and Big Loud Dogs
If I knew what a hashtag was, I'd offer one . . .
i know! it makes our heart melt <3
Perfect! RT : It will be a warm and mostly dry with highs forecasted in the middle to lower 80's. The weekend will be warm & humid
Rushed to class soaking wet from the rain thinking I'm having a test but get here to see he's going to include it in the final -__-
That moment when you get so happy you start to scream. <3
is the baking effect 😜😝🙊
Happy Thanksgiving - this is a great time of year to remind ourselves and thank all those individuals that help us be successful.
Its a cup cake day!
omg thanks for the comment!! a friend of my brother did it for me, his twitter is under the cover. omg potential reader!!
palmdale come back to me. i need you and i love you baybayyy. and thats been stuck in my head for the last week. sorry in advance.
Happy to see that the west coast will finally get a chance to appreciate this wonderful production. Loved
My brother's wedding is in 5 days. My mom's already asking when she can expect me to get married. Slow down there....I'm n no rush.
"Twilight Is forever" <<< seriously #Twitter, you need to ban shit like this from trending
That post fight hug was just too cute
"I picked one thing out of your resume to focus your entire career on..."
Late start and early release today :)!
anyone have #GMAT prep course recommendations?
RT Congrats to the next 13 players that qualified fro GSOP Live Prague last night! Who will be next?
I looked at your schedule...no D.C. If you do, I'd love to meet with you, me, Matthew Lesko. You "GET IT" man. Thanks
Last night I fucked my back up, fucking moving ac's around my house
You were right on the Orange of Syracuse but Wisconsin represented!
great ? I think peeing on someone dead/alive, but especially dead is disgraceful. However, killing someone w/mallace is worse
it's scraps verses the yard today. bet the farm on scraps. it's a lock.
and I are getting out glam on too!!
I forgive and I'm letting go and letting god. I bless you and release you!!
Stop listening to your fears and start speaking your blessings into existence!
Death of a Salesman. Philip Seymour Hoffman. Wow.
keep connecting! Comment on their posts. It's an ongoing process. :)
The new thing is using offline data with online cookies to optimize the advertising experience.
hell nah!
well guess I'm going to go lay down and watch Viva La Bam since that sexy ass won't reply or follow me:) lol
Gotta love computer issues on Monday!
thanks so much! A happy and healthy to you and yours!
Our sandwich cookies are vegan this weekend! Lots of yummy treats!
WTF? The best birthday you got was from me damnit!
that means we'll see you!
as a CLT native you should not look away from this train wreck!
who single and ready to mingle ;)
My nails are done. I bit em all off. Hahahahaha
When determination drives you failure is not an option.
One day left till Conjur party. Join us for music, drink specials and giveaways from 7-10 tomorrow night !!
for a second I thought ypu were following me but I guess I was just imagining it
#becauseitsfriday im going to workout my legs and back..like i do every Friday. yea buddy!
I like it. Maybe I should read my book until I pass out. OR MAYBE NOT?? RT Okay, maybe not all night. But like 20 minutes?
Thanks, I hope you enjoy.
It feels good to know that you are loved.
Yaya! It's New YearS Eve! I love this Holiday =)
great minds...
A "Gregg-versation" closely resembles an actual conversation except with me doing most of the yakking.
when is it in itunes ?! Im buyinn ; )
HBO Zone is all about the monsterball today. Hell fucking yea I'm definitely watching again :).
Let me know if you need any assistance with media and marketing.
*Jerking my head over to , her tone a kick in the ass* Ana, I…
Gaddafi sons differ over Libya conflict Africa Al Jazeera English
Baseball games with and
Do you speak any other languages?_________
That does not surprise me somehow haha.
LOL THEY'RE OUT OF WEED.
Fort Worth kids are so much chiller than kids from Keller haha
Oh please,I don't turn heads I break necks xP
follow me !? please :)
happy Ramadan, beautiful! u r in my hearts and prayers always! boos boos!! that means "kisses" in Farsi! YAY! <3
I don't read comments but this one was good. Breaking news: SEPTA suddenly finds it has a large number of office vacancies at all levels.
Adding "tv personality whisperer" to my resume:)
The Supreme Court? Congress? A Reality TV Show?
Congrats!! That's still a lot of miles to run.
"did u know that u could be wrong and swear ur right?"~
Wouldn't it be fun to be like Daddy Warbucks and to be able to help orphans and others in need?
You just had to come back and try to mess it up huh ? Get a life...seriously .
“: Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me. - Fred Rogers #quote” Thanks for sharing this.
Thank you! So it isn't open for general walk-ins?
i love you so much plz follow back and RT
You NEED to bring back the very talented & wonderful ASAP!! There's so much more story for Austin!!
Run late barely manage to get to the bus early and bus comes extra late ... >.>
Well, CNN now says there's a giant hole in the sun pointing at us, if that's not pressure to wrap this up, I don't know what is.
i'm doing very good. Thanks for asking. :)
tirred a little bit
RT : Okay #highered tweepies, I need to get into the adult learning/continuing education circles. Who do I follow?
remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time? I blew you up!
Charles Barkley Believes Oklahoma City Thunder Will Beat Dallas Mavericks: A Fan’s Take
Having roommates is like having children you can drink with.
Danelle was right from #BB13 Brendon is a zombie that wont die from CBS. Brendon & Rachel on Amazing Race 2Nite
your my jack and I'm your Rose
How much do you know about #equalpayday? Did you know today symbolizes how far into 2012 women must work to earn what men earned in 2011?
1111 make a wish!
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE!
Made the mistake of smiling at the couple next to me. Was just regaled with 30 min overview of their lives from birth till today. No groovy
both are EPIC FUN!!!!
Happy Friday Tweet Peeps!
Follow Now!
Lol only Jayda would sing Christmas songs during May. *cough cough* (;
5 words! ;P I win! x] -le plays music- Lmao
If you talk about The Wonder Years you will die in yo sleep k.
Too late in Saint Louis to say 'Goodnight', so I'm not gonna say it. Bye xx
Came home and cracked open a bud light . Yea I'm livin :)
nothing . Haha. I jusstt need a jacket to go with my outfit. Lmao
Dupont metro station full of smoke.
So much internet communications. How can I keep up?
Fortunately, the nice officer only issued me a warning for doing 3 miles an hour over the posted speed limit.
Finishing up my training materials for Milw seminar tomorrow & I'm starting to feel sorry for landlords that got screwed by their lobbyists.
Introducing that music to the whole damn house!
that's awesome man...I can't wait to see it...I'm in boone so ill have to go when I get back
My friends turned me into a monster :D Rawr
will tonight's LA STAGE talk at on Arts' Criticism be available for streaming?
Don't miss the nxt Sports.Peace.Love. show with Cancer survivor, Positively Pat. Learn how her triumph inspires others! 11/2, 7p - 745p...
Hope everyone's holidays were great. Have a safe and happy New Year!
i need a hitter..a dread head driller
same living lifting enjoying life. So do u live in denver or somewhere else?
Had a nightmare last night that was all typos.
Pier 60 was great! And beautiful as always!
i am so out of shape
Politics use to be so boring in MN. First we elected a professional wrestler Governor, now this....
Sadly I'm ok with that...
I remember watching a rerun of "The Brady Bunch" when Marsha crushed on handsome Davy Jones, who guest starred. I crushed on him too!
Scumbag Flash just locked up my PC so hard that I had to manually reset it.
I never took off the tinfoil hat -- duh!
Broncos have tough road ahead after a debacled 2010
-thanks fir the mention
is it weird that i read all of your tweets in the "kevin" voice in my head?
2 ALL MY STYLISH FOLLOWERS......U can now find me on facebook! im still uploading things on there so its still kind of bare, so dnt judge me
how ignores my texts<<<<<<
Over yo fucking hair we was coo wen it was juss us no problems she didn't have to take yo ungrateful ass in
Off to Puma party
#MyPastRelationships who cares...im happy now!!!
Good Morning! Come visit us at www.knowledgesafari.com! Create a profile, write a review, start/join a group.
Thanks for seeking YP Holdings in the Twittersphere! New B2B social footprint is in in progress. I will keep you posted!
What's On Your Wall?
haha no shutout needed. I was just joshing. Did I win anything else at ?
That workout was GREAT! now just gonna eat a salad!
We're working on play-everything-at-once functionality and will Tweet whenever this and/or other new features roll out.
totally for RT : Oh, 10 hashtags in that tweet? You must be such a trend-setter.
In bed, it`s 6AM you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it`s 7:45. At school it`s 1:30, close your eyes for 5 minutes, it`s 1:31
Up early and shit
So proud of you! Excited for this group and their impact!
true true :P
Anji has improved so much.I have noticed 2 things: her talking -barking empowers her. Her sense of smell -she relies
cause you're working on 's album xD
Drove by Dolores PArk earlier today. Insane!
Adobe Edge Preview
Leuer vs Howard is David bs Goliath, and it looks like David brought his sling shot tonight.
My boy better have a good time tonight
Happy New Year everybody!
I usually don’t remember days, I remember moments.
oh, ok (: doesn't it like hurt ur hair or something though?
no that was last nite @ labor endorsement. Pigs @ public trough.
Always happy to support a fellow Penn Stater! Good luck in OKC this summer.
Who would like to see us in their hometown this Summer??
remember when bein called a twitt was a bad thing....
I heard fun for days, those cakes were pretty!
I would need strong whiskey to talk about the intricacies of archival description at this point.
Ghost adventures & jimmy johns #yesplease ; Now if only a boy would text me.. I'd be a somewhat happy camper
kobe is feeling it, i am thinking 50?
you are not an english teacher so not you didn't play my life
Can't deny that hook tho
Saw a homeless guy with sign saying, will follow u on twitter for a dollar, might have remember where he was to break this follower drought
Such an awesome day shooting, time for some much needed sleep ;)
so fantastic. I hope there's an entire book in english some day
i know, if i hear someone else scream besides myself at the concert i'll know it's you.lol
Grateful for that unexpected train - made it onto commuter rail with a comfortable 10 minutes to spare. I wouldn't have otherwise.
Twitter said I'm not following people WTF
But I already bought you pot and a boot-full of cowboy tea!
I'm sorry, I fell asleep...jet lag. Let's do lunch and ill bake you a cake!
ok you said i could watch it later and i said how
I have to give my best friend my 2nd code but it wouldn't be a big deal to buy a third one. I could always hang up the box
the writing is on the wall
Stop acting like you're the last coke in the desert. I'm not gonna die. I've already moved on. So stop sweating yourself, cus no one els ...
Friday is finally here ! Wishing everyone a very happy & peaceful holiday season!
Apparently DMCA's long arm also keeps you from hacking your computer.
where exactly are you? Tried to join but we couldn't find you
The problem is the dress, I want it in the worst way, but fear it won't fit my elephant ass!
1 follower until 500 I hope or is that one.....Love you guys.
no more excuses to not do the taxes. The best assistant got all my book keeping done. yeah!
These white lies!
I love you. Check my last tweet. I did my own "verse" for today. Need to know how out of line I am. LOLOLO
Looking forward to having u on our turf. RT : See you all tonight great food from
Our Restaurant week menu .....
if i had a sextape who would watch it ?
RT : If you live in #Austin or want to keep an eye on the tech scene, you should follow (please retweet)
thanks for including us in your weekend plans.
#houston AAACBC Offers In-House Website Financing United-Kingdom/London - In a struggling economy it is even more difficult for Sta
You look #AMAZING in your prof pic!!!! So gorgeous! Let's meet up soon! Xo
Ugh! I am so ready to go home!!!
This is what dreams are made of. :))
i wish the #braves would gone and win this game…a brother getting sleepy eye lids getting heavier and heavier
by far my friend, been watching longer than you have been alive.
A letter from the Creative Director is now viewable at www.RevenjJeans.com
is it really bad
This anatomy project <<<<having a good time
Can I start refusing to read articles (and dissertations!) that refer to digital natives w/o mentioning the problematicism of the term?
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting. Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
a monkey shit in your mouth? how do you figure? lol
Nickleback+ NBC Sports=worst sports coverage ever.
Coming along! We're hoping a new look for the new year. Hope u r well!
"Okay I'll ask her if they have wrestling books - but I hope they don't. Do you have wrestling books for little boys?" Oh how I wish we did.
Frank sucks. he's useless. end of story - get him off the show now!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
Going to see my friend Dj from out of town at cameo then who knows what
This is Playstation soccer now
I've been good. Just miss you guys here in Twitterland, LOL. And yourself?
I admit to not getting it. The original is funny because regexps are supposed to solve problems. But ontologies?
true! Thats the same thing I said about having it on a weekday cause if it wasn't on a week day, then there would be riots lol
Times have changed. Unlimited opportunity for the city of Albuquerque TODAY and TOMORROW. It's more than Red or Green.
Pursue your dream to become a lawyer, but keep up with the writing, too.
Scientists discover that Venus has an ozone layer high in its atmosphere, overturning the long-held view that it did not
i dont know about boobs...
WeLoveNickJonas NickMakeItEasyForMiley? Why don't you fuck yourselves? NILEY IS OVER. MOVE ON. Miley fucked up. Not Nick.
CJ Watson needs to get the ball to Deng or Rip...
And we have our three winners for the 3 NEW Manning jerseys...they are... CONGRATS you three!
so waths up? :)
4 MKE runners have already hit their $1,000 mark for the ! Way to raise the bar in February!
So true. The Dems don't have to 'work' for the black vote...they know the black vote is in their pocket. When will we learn?
Thank you! :)
I wrote a lot of the lyrics.
interviewed me today about Lindsay on
That Would Be A Good Idea! LOL x
fabulous! Baby's a kicker! Might name him Beckham! Have a great day!
Tom Brady has waiting at home, has #HOF waiting in the wings, & has Mr. Kraft showering him $$$$. #WhataLife,
Watching #WDYTYA in the AfriGeneas chat.
15-1 and come out and play this flat...the Giants did not win - the Packers handed the game to them.
Hollywood infected your brain
bwahahaha well they might think it is when they see me!! :p
I am still stunned by that finale. Cannot WAIT for next season!! :D
You sleep better when you Hustle Hard..
Oh Yea, Just had some Capt'n Crunch and now it's Time for Fun Time!
ooh, capture the scent in a jar for me, will ya? -lisa
the Physical Education Building (PEB) sorry no clue how I missed you tweeting me
My neck feels like wood now. Totally free
and I are hanging out with this week. SJ and SJ (pronounced Sooj (her) and Sij (me)). We can fight crime!
nope lol you thought i was older because I BE ON MY GROWN , correct ?
The streetlights are actually maple-bacon flavored Scentsy candles.
I know!! Hopefully!!
One out of 30 babies born in US is a twin
- Was going to go but decided to cover UFC later this month.
Browser evolution is important for us because www.dreamface.org supports multiple browsers & we are planning to move video supt to HTML5
If you're in downtown Chicago tonight, stop by McGee's to party with !!! 950 W Webster Chicago IL
how did you hear about the Ja Rule to #YMCMB rumor?
#waystoimpressme listen to what I have to say
oh yea you better got that right
Thanks, guys, for the RT! My BFF just closed another one on Friday...who hooo!
+1 RT : T2: you may just have to wait a generation. Views on internet and security are difficult to change
Prediction: Santorum will win the Kentucky primary May 22nd. The headline "Santorum takes KY" and we'll all have a good chuckle.
Thanks for meeting with me, & great work last night. "Lemonade and a Chat" is a great name for a low-key discussion series.
your tweets are funny! :D whatssupp?
Alrighty. Have an excellent rest of the day. See you tomorrow!
UCI Libraries welcome new & returning students!!! #ucilib Don't forget to play in our library quests.
Im a Packer fan but this weekend im all Ravens
Well, its the pressured moments that define them. And they blew it
Committee: any drafting language from any person is welcome; proposals are preliminary
And I'm on, to the crack of dawn, mowin' down MCs like I'm mowin' lawn...
:Was about to complain about an annoying situation, but I let it be and God moved. . .<-- Sounds just like GOD!
i can't wait
The fifth Cutter: Coach Jim Kirkham works to earn 6th straight Little 500 crown
Great win today!
Launch party 4 the pulse happening May 31st featuring aerial show by Lucent Dossier. Hit me up 4 details on how 2 get on list
The Puppy Bowl is just like the Pro Bowl: The commercials blow, the crowd doesn't care and someone always shits on the field
I'll get you my pretty...and your little dog too!!!
Really enjoy your work.
doncha know it! Ya hey! Something with cheese, please. Wisconsin and beer just seem to go together in the summer.
If you are stressed out, stop right now and take 15 seconds to think of something that really makes you smile.
and the rocket's red glare.....
its cena vs. kane not swagger
I'm a baby. I hate storms & I'm scared of losing electricity because I'm scared of the dark..
We are going to kill it on "The Zone" & "Thursday". Kill it. I'm getting scared.
Occupiers manage to annoy 99%...of commuters today by marching down K St. at 5:15 pm
Even tho tought day tomorrow all you followers can be my valentiness (: kayy?
We are starting to plan for #kylestock #3!!! RT if you're stoked!!!
There's just not enough hours in the day..
Marty's wife is wearing the equivalent of a Hello Kitty necklace. Terrible.
yes sur!! U coming out, right?
Don't really know what to do right npw
Is Ashton wearing teva sandals? Ok now he is even more lame
Ur t best BlackNerd! Keep up t Awesome entertainment! Ur fan, -Annor An Hav Awesome New Year!! :))
In other barbershops, they discuss women & sports. At my shop we're discussing the next Spiderman movie.
What's for dinner? Lemon Pepper & Garlic Pasta. Toss up for later Double Chocolate Pie or a snifter of Hennessy Privilege.
Listen/ mastering tracks to the next mixtape I'm bout to drop! I just can't wait cuz what I listening to right now.... Pple need to hearASAP
Speculate on the U.S. dollar? How former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin is doing it If a former U.S. secretary of the Treasury is d
My nigga turning into a #carlton .. off of Prince of Bellair.. smh!! Lame ass nigga
- so when can we start thinking about the draft? because after this trade this season sucks too much to talk about.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
I feel like dancing in the rain whos with me?? That was a much needed rain, thank you!!
case of the Mondays
my daughter was on the Cruise, she loved ur shit. Keep push'n
not a very funny joke
cool website, guys. Coupon aggregators work well to save money. Our deals are exclusive, so you gotta Download the app!
It's almost summer and I can feel it... 3 pool party invitations came in the mail this week!
Love the way Jimmy Kimmel is spreading it around
love this lineup for Mia. What's ur ideal? Does it change based on opponent?
if Oregon had a twitter account, it would say "I miss me some running cate"
Coming up at Tues. CV Council mtg: ordinance to prohibit medical mj dispensaries, recovery of expenses for emergency response, and more.
None are more enslave than those who think they are free but cannot recognize tyranny when it is staring them right in their faces
New Image-Pro Premier Image Analysis Software Accelerates Life Science &amp; Industry
you have no idea.
awkward because i go to lafayette...
nice, this shit's icy
Today, I'm dealing with it by shutting down the computer and heading to the studio! Hasta la vista, computadora!
You are the best! We were just talking about it at #TwoomiesHQ with the neighbors. Very confused.
28.53 seconds is the time to beat at the Ceiling Fan Installation. This impressive time was set by Charles Domier from Monterra Apt Homes!
show mi da baby
Telling stories through multiple voices , languages. A lesson for how we teach writing and construct scholarship.
Crazy how much good info I've gotten just through the hash, would have been so cool to be there.
I don't recall Kenya as our standard iced but I have only been a partner since 2004. We had Tanzania b4 this one.
Okay, I now feel bad for grumbling about idiot stockers at Target. On the upside, they had generic Excedrin there.
Pffft quantity doesn't beat quality. And for the record, Batman Begins is a better film than both.
We can't wait to host your wonderful group!
Former parish center eyed for gym
#Detroit Mayor Bing is pulling an #Obama and calling out those real people real stories people! #Stateofthecity #like!
Hope you get better sweetness...no OD'ing on Nyquil
That's a sign.....lol!! Frat you are next. “: just invite me to the wedding lol”
Didn't sleep well last night. At one point, I actually thought, "This is all Obama's fault." Then I laughed at my absurdity.
Kobe is not the greatest Laker of all time. Magic and Kareem are at least 2 better and TEAM players
im all way out west bra meet me sum wea closser
"We do the work. We carry the ball. We try to make life as easy as possible for our clients during this difficult time."
this world keeps spinning faster, to a new disaster <3
Im starting mine the same as any other startup. Plan. Build. Test. do it again
only if you help me find my morals
HI EVERYONE!!!! Thank U People 4 UR Support! Mark my words "I AM going to IMPACT ALL of your lives for YOUR HIGHEST GOOD... Love it or Not!"
Been itching to get back up on stage and do some stand up again..
Wonder when they will change the name from "Baker Acted" to "Allen West Acted"?.,.
Late to school. Shoot me now.
Saw two cops standing outside of Petit Louis yesterday. Did something else happen there or are they getting 'round the clock protection?
Alas, I live in America, where even vile hate speech like "Let's go, Buffalo!" is protected by the Constitution.
Dear Dr., My mom has MIGRAINES not heart problems. Please give her the right medication. Thanks. Sincerely, Not a happy daughter. x
Forgot to tweet on Sunday - saw/heard the opening song at church, in it's full AUTO-TUNED glory. Something I never thought I'd experience.
Went to visit Mom at the hospital after her surgery! She was in surgery for about 7 hours! She is doing good! :)
ask Britt.
Don't forget to register for the couples massage from LaBella Spa & Salon & a gift card to the Melting Pot. Drawing 2-29. TheBlindManNM.com
interesting take by George Koonce. Good read.
Help, I have a terminal case of awkwardness.
all falls down #kanyewest always reminds me of poreotics
might be my lunch today instead :)
"Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you"
I'm on a massive MIW fix right now. I just want to say thank you.
is finally heading to bed.. dont expect to hear from me till noon...or later!
He's waiting for the assistant to show up with his mid-morning, pre-meeting snack . . .
It was my choice. I'm sorry. It's just something I don't want to go through again, both of us are smiling with out each other. We are fine.
The worst thing in the world is a creative person with 1 idea. Scott Dikkers, founding editor of The Onion.
I'd be in SD until mid June so if I do head up to SEA I better see you before. Miss you more than 140 characters! Enjoy Morocco!
yeah me too. too much time on brandon
thanx I'll take a look
Calmness is the way we show that we are trusting in God.
that wouldn't be nice considering I can show you the world... shining, shimmering, splendid, spectacular spectacular...
everyone knows the media ignores bills 95% of the time
proud of myself--I'd already done it. Thanks.
A portion of the proceeds from our concert tonight with be donated to support breast cancer awareness.
on the real, brother can sang! He is def a singer and he has mad stage presence! #R&B is alive and well
I love that video!
RT : I'm happy to help promote this start up company run by some North Central Phx & District 6 residents.
I feel special :)
why did you DM me lol?
This Sunday come unwind and laugh @ Starlight Ballroom #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
I went excitedly to the page, only to realize it's in Delaware. Will you be posting slides/video from the prez?
Just uploaded some pics check them out see what we do
linds wall just gave me pink eye.
Your worst moment today should be an #improvement over your best moment a year ago. What are you doing to make that #reality? SeanLetwat
In one of the longest meetings every....why am I here!!!! Lol
Upgraded to Punta Cana tomorrow morning! Ready to spend a week on the beach in the Caribbean!
yo my mtf nigga plies!!! u gotta sign me
Warmer here in Indy than in LA, Hilton Head & San Diego! Not to mention I feel great wearing my ezWalkers! #WhatMoreCanISay LIFE IS GOOD!
fucking done with everyones shit here in NJ I WANNA MOVE BACK TO STATEN ISLAND FEEL SO OUTTA PLACE HERE! ex: everyone here is a lil bitch
EXCITING!!!Ultra Star Cinemas/Cathedral City is offering Kids Admission Prices to Diversity Platinum Rewards Members and one guest!!!!
Dont play at IP players are all hard core, play only beau rivage and hard rock.
Someone's always going to find fault.... just do it anyway.
Feels weird rooting for the
RT will pop off in less than two weeks! Get your tickets now, or miss out on a great experience! bit.ly/DWExpo11
Just saw ya and on TV!
Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us at the #AiMA event tonight! Great insights.
Going to Florida today #excited #DisneyWorld #Ocean!!!
cutting off...............dont want to be bothered
Thanks for the nice mention. I've gotta start doing the #FF thing!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
As a writer I agree. I hate writing 1st drafts, but once I have something to work with, I love it.
I personally liked the other name better for this group but I'm happy we have you in our side
sure and it would be great if they knew about them and had access to them. That is the point.
Top of the morning to everyone hope everything is going well-H-Th-Movment
To all those asking, we'll work some Beastie Boys tunes into Johnny Cash Friday on
Make sure your mink has pockets so have a place to carry the gun.
How does one sign up ?
boats and hoes....my life.
"I know you're out there, built just for me. But until you get here I'll sift through the company".
went to the set of californication & got to meet dd. the scene called for him in briefs so i didn't get photographic evidence of our meeting
Yeah that year was cool. ✌
makes some good cookies!
Why do we hide behind such ugly faces?
#NeverApologizeFor Being Right.....I thought I was wrong once......but I was mistaken.
In NJ5 stunner, McQueeny cancels campaign announcement, says he won't challenge Garrett for business reasons
TuneCore charges ppl a flat fee to get their music into online stores such as iTunes rather than the traditional % that record labels take.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 19
it used to be right by my house. I'm sure everything's good. I get chicken pad thai everywhere b/c I'm unoriginal though
when did you text me?
Lmao want me to lie to you
My 4.5 years waiting to see a show has come down to 27 minutes. PUMPED!!
Yummy and healthy! How's your rhubarb pie?
: Who is a member of the #kohails community? Anyone who wants to be! How to become one? Do something!
when's the wedding?! *questions people in relationships hate*
Detroit is wasted. Blackout status
1st person to call by 2pm & give the significance of the name Retlaw enterprises to the Disney family will get 2 FREE days off their rental.
What is there to do when nothing seems to calm the emotional thunderstorm inside of you?
Both of my books will be available in old fashioned book format in a week or so, I will keep everyone posted. and if you havent checked out
Were almost at 4000 followers!! What better day 2 reach that than on #BLB day! Get some friends to follow us! Well follow u back if u ask RT
Because that's what we'll hear every time there's an INT. I guarantee you there are already Bills fans who want VY
the army.
When I'm alone, I think of so many things to say to you, but when I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
and is this you askin for help? :D
What an honor to be part of such a great group of chefs. Thank you.
lol! sorry for the confusion. #baseball not
Getting dressed than waiting on and the crew. Can't wait
follow me back B)
Arizona Professional Plumbing, INC Welcome to Arizona Professional Plumbing located in sunny Tucson, Arizona. We are ready to assist you
recycling an old TV, then rummaging through all the merchandise in storage from the skate shop looking for tools and wheels.
any issues with FIOS Internet in Milford, MA area? Had to reboot modem a few times & DNS seems very slow to resolve sites.
Happy for you
it was great! We should make plans to watch each other do more stuff -- like laundry.
After conference, when I get an email from vendor that reads "Hello {{lead.First Name:default=}", I get warm & fuzzy & know they love me!
I love you, yet I hate you. It's like I want to push you off a cliff, then run to the bottom and catch you.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-16
Counting down the days for pairing with for Mother's Day in !
Hart has a bruised finger from yesterday.
Pennsylvania here we come :)
(A knitter, eh? I once wrote a lengthy paper on local knitting traditions as an expression of familial and regional bonds:-))
This BART station smells like horror. Sweet, dirty horror.
ai ai ai papi tu hablas I see :) lol and in JK that's cute but I rather bend you over myself tbh
awh, that's sweet!
Buy a Forward Fabrics shirt and I promise the Brewers won't lose tonight.
Jerry Grochow now speaking about finding the drivers for higher ed IT strategic planning.
This laker game looking bad
Back in Orlando. Thanks to everyone @ Frontier City for coming out and making the show incredible!
All I'm doing today is homework and homework, gotta keep the grades up!
I want someone to talk to
That's gay that they mail interims to your house....
Time for another rally.
Maybe it wouldn't be a 30 pt woodshed woopin..but I can't see 1 MAJOR advantage Lakers have over Thunder. Besides experience.
I'm not giving up this time
I'll see if I can find that article
Almost had a wardrobe malfunction! Saved by !
yes and absolutely hilarious!
i'm pretty sure my heart just shattered into a billion pieces
computer reservation for customer. also talk about absent bathroom key. i really think every transaction somehow involves potty talk.
If you were a piece of furniture what would you be? Why?
It's going down tonight at The Saint! DJ Derrick & !
This may sound like a brutal statement, but I don't believe in lying to my fares unless it involves a really big tip.
Musicians have many of the same risks and stresses that an entrepreneur does.
It's Wednesday! That means Ruben is piercing! And John C. , Jerm and Gustavo have time for tattoo consultations!
Ah I'm dying .. this thing is killing me :/
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Bad Breath!!!
Yeah! Making progress on my new Real Estate wesite, thanks to Natalie @ Internet Media!
I think you would look better in stl cards jersey with world series champions patch on sleeve
very unfortunate indeed.
(2/6) The overall size of the budget is certainly relevant to Pres. Pay. But you need a “pres. pay” line item somewhere in that budget.
Wanna, Wanna, Wanna, Follow Me? I Would Be Really, Really, Really, Happy If Ya Did. :) #followme and
any others left that would make a WINNING ticket 2012? No-one is perfect & all have qualms- who's left?
showed my gran mystery team today & she said it was "encyclopedia brown for them hopheads." looks like you won another fan.
nice twitter name, i thought of jazy first.♥
Yes, I meant Jelly Bean. Damn you, Auto Correct.
- Presidential candidates for 2016 Clinton vs. Bush. Hillary Clinton vs. Jeb Bush
ily never shout never ugh sigh
I am just a ROCK crying out..... but I pray someone pays attention and research what I'm speaking on.. Research your national animals!
please follow me ? It wouldd makke my whole day (:
Those are fantastic team names! You all got laughs over here at APLU.
I did. ._______.
AVENGERS!! AND it was filmed in my city!! :D
More superstar announcements tomorrow and every day this week!
Finally back from TNR at ! Tons of fun, wish I did better. I will try again next week. And DDR dance offs with @;
why is there rosemary in freaking everything?
awkward moment
What a shame you that competitive
MT: Should #CarlEdwards win today, 25th fan to tweet congrats message w/ #CarlDelivers gets a prize!
Students go mcdonald to buy food~ then teacher don hv money to eat! Is this the norm??! Lol~.
did it big in tha 303... the best rapper alive!
do u know when they are being announced and is he starting the tour with the US cause i heard its a world tour?
Brady was impressive there on this drive. surgical
I love that smell too.
we met backstage @ Pillow man. My son was in the show. Our foundation is about family safety and drug discovery.
2 large cups of black coffee after 10pm isn't looking like such a great idea anymore. O.O
You should turn to 1310 in HD for the on right now!
L finally has ranch for when I come over with a salad lol
what I did not wait to observe (busy with kids) is how the streams fanned out in comparison to the grid trails?
yay your on twitter!!!!!!
At the age of 16, 80% of people have already met the person they are going to marry.
O, I feel special!
'night all. tweet at you tomorrow...
Oh ok haha yes I agree we need him. But no worries he signed with the Packers again.
and will continue expanding into the surrounding areas.
The best toys at the best price can be found www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
It felt like it ended so quickly... :-(
The last time Southern Conservatives were talking about leaving something to state's rights, they were trying to preserve slavery.
Earth is full. Go home.
FEAR NOT!!!!!!!! believe and just do it.
New day. Only forward, no reverse. Thank God for that.
Today is the day! Auction will be going live around 5 PM PST. Stay tuned!
RT : Doing a class about SEO around early-Feb. Does that interest anyone? Contact Matthew
Best way to write. A vacation is always welcome to a writer and sometimes it delivers the best writing.
your skill with emoticons never ceases to amaze me.
my energies snatched it mid way and that.... is a good indication!
It's fun to hear all 378 Seattle Mariner fans gasp when JV dials it up to 97
checking out the AIPAD. Really strong work at love the piece by Sarah Anne Johnson!
NO! Basketball. Only can goto senior.
CHS gettin famous over post it notes! They were cool!
RENESEMEE CARLIE CULLEN IS ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE NAMES I HAVE EVER HEARD! LUV IT!
Not going to cry..nope.
watching MNF. Slowly recovering from my medical procedure today. I should be fine tomorrow.
6 + 1 writing traits...I thought they were "taught" in the elementary?? Did that go away? Please no!!
Heater on, check. Fans running, check. Baseboards drying out, check. Sump pump running? YES!!
Feelinq soo sleepy :s, this paella was good.
() Mom: When I put the magnet here, (iron pieces in H20) follow it! See how they move? They must be made of... Kid: Fish!
Got the most perfect gift for a doctor to be from !
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact- Artist nominees (cont.): filmmaker Brandon McCormick, poet & visual artist Max K. Grimm
How about an insulin rifle? They're remaking The Rifleman, you know ...
I was low key Rollin off that pic but got mad cuz iw was about me
Reggae is about uplifting the heart, mind and soul, its undeniable
Hahha I've seen that before I couldn't stop laughing
At Griffen Lounge with for an event! Check them out and all the great things they do.
Correction- Learned Hand was an appeals court judge quoted more times by the Supreme Court then any other judge.
Having taken classes for raising kids and for workplace leadership, I find most of the material interchangeable.
Check out the soundcloud!!!!!!
Nice! Hope it stays that way for a long, long time.
#thingsisaidinthe90s I like today's music
thank you! just saw this lol
Kudos to ! Answering your squash questions . . . and fast! Thanks much.
Why does talk 2 her controlling husband like he's her dad? Better ?: Y is her self-esteem so low she let's him control her?
looking back on it this morning, I shoulda been way more rude :)
Awesome! Glad everything is doing well!
Bars will be finalized by March, but we're looking at old favorites and at least one new stop! All in our great city of #Chicago!
Omg Stefano RIPPED End of The Road & thats my jam! He freakin slayed that song Amazing. How the frick was he bottom 2 lastweek
where the fuck are you I can't face this class by myself
Higginbotham has looked good the small amount of time he's been out there
; we both know this kinda life didn't come with instructions, so I'm try'na do my best to make somethin' outta nothing. #NowPlaying (:
Learning to translate director language into specific, motivated action is an essential skill of audition mastery.
I'm hanging in there Elli. Busier than ever, but still swinging!
is still #booking #campus + #university #speaking #events -if you'd like to bring her to your #college or #conference email us!
My sides are still hurting...this was TOO MUCH!!!
hanks for the RT!
The line for pre.employment testing in Lapham hall is amazing! This is the state of the job search.
why the dude who talking on wrestling remind me of the spainsh mouse on loony toon
Making chicken parmesan for dinner, no big deal
I hate i have to wait another year to go to the #SecretSupper. I'm sure it will be amazing!
Everybody dies but, not everybody lives..
Austin! Pray for this poor baby! hes the SMALLEST ELEPHANT IN THE WORLD & currently fightin for his LIFE! twitpic.com/7aivc3
Im Gonna Miss U Mama(: Follow Back
wish I could find him sooner though
me neither maybe we can learn from each other how to be good at that
I'm in a very complicated relationship.
I really don't have shit to do smh.
Agreed. (Almost typed "I agree" there.)
The Google image results for "psychedelia" are a trip...
Dora: Say map. Me: (eating cereal) Map. Boots: Louder! Me: (knocks cereal off table) F*CKING MAP! -We all do this at one of our lives
Omg yall tried to push me on my face
Thanks for the great ride Coach Tressel. We'll always hold 2002 close to The Vest.
get tough!
ha! I will tell the male friend who said exactly that!
High School for Global Citizenship in Crown Heights students created a radio rookies piece for
you're right. That's lame. Please no we cook every burger to order. It was a much bigger audience than we expected. Sorry again.
Are the backs of your current cards shiny? Make them matte and preferably white/light so they can be written on.
hey i love ur new pic:)
Believe for God to do great things! "Where there is no opposition, there is no opportunity."
nice to meet u at #powerx today! ! Sorry I didn't talk longer... Had to make a B line to coffee stat! :)
phone died day before a trip! RS = secret place to get phones and usually cheaper. Seriously.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. ~Edwin Elliot
is there somewhere where I can read all of the story??:)
Good Night!
RT : RT : Support the local Milwaukee food scene! Participate in 's #MKEfoodiehunt - all week long:...
Nice to hear from you though. Keep in touch sweets and I hope you can make the next day party.
I was so content w/ that statement shit ended the whole convo lol
true, quality is still HIGH in the value proposition, but there are HIGH number of good prods
I know that's you but I have always wondered if you style the top of you dogs hair? :)
Just ran a couple miles now I'm bout to hit the weights!
Aspiring stand up comics take note: the bored, captive audience trapped in this mile long DMV line would cheer at your set.
it's almost time for me to post on showed and told. writer's block! ugh!
ur really mad at me
I'm not even cool and I have way more things than I deserve.
thank you! :)
I just love when the farmers get manure all over the back roads.... Jerks.
aaggh i am afraid to watch the new episode // RT I know it probably doesn't help, but I'm depressed today, too.
Amazing week at the BPO with the New Music Festival and Earshot! Kudos!
#Follow #Facebook #Redskins #NFL #FF Cowboys trash talking, Support Redskins on Facebook! www.facebook.com/redskinfans RT
A3: Better way for participants to track direct responses to you... manage the participant give-and-take.
I will drink regardless. The volume and ferocity of my drinking will depend on their performance.
I had to turn down a fascinating case today because of a conflict of interest.
don't do that!!
I just checked into DJ KMT on Ustream. DJ KMT LIVE IN THE MIX ON MADTRACKS DOT COM..!!
Very well said ! #ShineOn ;)
The reporters behind #Mo...looked like they had tears in their eyes
Blessed to minister at my home church North Cleveland COG this morning. Pastor Mitch is great shepherd and has a great team around him.
#cnndialogues the opposition in Syria needs to find a unified voice along with outside help from the world in order for best case scenario.
Happy Hour TONIGHT! 6-10pm Wednes Thurs Fri Day! Specials for Men Women on #FlatIrons #HairCuts #Barber Same Day Appointments
-sigh-wish a had a friend to talk to..
Sorry Guys ;( some if you ii can't FOLLOW ! if you want me to FOLLOW YOU . . . . RT me ! & i'll follow YOU ! :D
We will be having another class design session sometime soon. Stay tuned...
Way to go ! Great effort boys. Now let's take it to Orlando...
Don't tell me that next they're gonna ride the brooms, Harry Potter-style?!?!
Thanks, much appreciated! RT #FF They have all the info WI consumers need to know, so I give them an A++ rating
has sneaking suspicion this whole week may be comprised of Mondays.
OMG! Jessica Sanchez on #AmericanIdol - And I am telling you, you are not going! Well done to Phillip Phillips and Joshua Ledet, too.
Making Love Faces (:
Got the oldschool lps playing piff in my lungs reminiscing of the good days
Made a party across two apartments facing each other and the backyard. Music synced, candied bacon, grill...sweet
“: Funny. An Acura TL with neons wanted to race me in the 1M :) decided to let it go and drive at 3mph” Exactly what I would do!
interviewed for a job selling kitchen cutlery door to door. if your mom needs the sharpest knives, hit me up.
Gordon Sumner turns 60 today. That's Sting from the Police. He's sexy.
Grrrrrr! My finger messed up!
I'm def comin over right after practice bum
u still got the same number? get out more! lol ima txt yu
#VSFS was a boost of self confidence, goodnight now
I agree that Upshaw and Hill are #ravens top 2 targets. Could see them trade back again if both are gone.
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Bryant Park and the Cube is now lentil w/parmesan
ha I don't really ever watch Wheel of Fortune & nope I haven't had a chance to pick up #625, but i'm super excited about it!
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
Regarding the #StandardandPoor credit crisis: "I feel good. Just like I knew that I would." - James Brown
is at Summerfest, waiting for the Barenaked Ladies. If I had a million dollars... :)
Agreed! RT : How will you be celebrating the first day of Spring? We think a walk on the High Line and lunch at...
A beautiful thought on a philosophical level. But with important issues, sharing is a must and making it meaningful, essential.
Mac Miller always put me in a good mood
Pulling in to Birmingham. Heading to practice at UAB. Excited for the opportunity to get better today!
G.M.N.I.: In #Japan, I'm known as Konichi Quan.
BACK UP YOUR SHIT
49ers NFC Championship a few days away!! Hurry up Sunday
Got to give UNC some LUV
Off to watch this #breastcancer documentary: Baring it All (the scar project) . Looks really good . let you know if I like it =D
Since i'm sleepy & on a roll, newly minted crush on too. Has this guy always been so sweet? Crushycrushcrush. :D
Never realized how much I cared.
Haha, yeah, the one wanted to cuddle.
Glad teams & walked today to residents. Talk about our work on fire protection & our record of accomplishments.
"That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I don't trust guys, even if they've done nothing wrong.
she hates me! Lol
Blacklavender says its blazing hot like buffalo wings outside!
Scary movie marathon. OMG yes!
While the encouragement is welcome, I worry it'll be a Minecraft kind of weekend.
Turnovers MUST stop. Great D by Murray St. though
My current course load includes Stunt 101 by the time I'm finished you'll see me out here
My costochondritis really acting up today
INDY's Getting Funky!
boy that sure looks good right about now!!
Massachusetts has the lowest divorce rate in the nation. Guess which states have the highest. (Hint: think Red).
Word up. I sell it, might as well try it. Thanks
hey! I'll be doing a full body circuit!
This red velvet cupcake >
WE DO IT #STRAIGHT LIKE THAT
"Age is just a number." "Yeah, and jail is just a place.""
The next time you tear me up will be the first time big guy.
Yuni Betancourt. RT ": Who saw the fewest pitches per plate appearance in 2011 among qualifiers? #ThinkBaseball"
~ I love apple juice <3
Awaiting NTSB news conference on helicopter crash east of Las Vegas. The latest at 10.
then i came back inside went on twitter, Adam came home from the Yankee game, him and I went outside and played basketball
Who wants some free stuff? Follow us on instagram and stay tuned for details.
Anyone have a guess on what my dignity and self respect costs? A #SB46 ticket!
Sitting@ stop light next 2 middle aged guy blasting "Never Ending Story" theme song from yellow convertible. #midlifecrisis or #beingironic?
Calling your sisters "sister" even when they don't recognize the honor--power connection.
I miss you too!!!
Get to see in a little bit. (:
good luck on your new book susanne
Really? Dont tell me what to do, because you have no idea what youre talking about! #justshutup !!
Sometimes u have to runaway and hide! the ones who will follow you and search for you are the one you should always stay with:)
Backstage tonight and Joel Coen was there. We said hi to each other. Pretty cool.
But seriously, love her quote about brokenness. Not always easy. But I’m thankful for divine direction.
thanks for sharing my post. It was a great infographic!
If I hit the lottery, the first thing I would do is get a big ass house down in PCB with all of my friends ! That'd be the life..
nope lol I am a upcoming band well solo artist lol
did u get a call?
can i get a producer that stay out here in memphis real talk maybe even a collab
you too Laurie! Hope you have something fun planned this weekend.
I like how everyone I know calls McDonald's 'McDicks' now. I'm a bad influence. Hahahahahahahaha.
: shaniqua , what were we supposed to cover our sells with ? , *gasps ! x)
Good luck this season JJ!!!
thanks, it is way lighter than the book Inheritance I'm reading now. :)
LMFAO, um... You Bug!
Parked by Humboldt Park enjoying the weather.
I know my stuff! Hahah
You win. My plans for today aren't nearly that cool.
keep it taylor
Great to see you! Still waiting for your submission #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com =D
No doubt!
And you'll love the music of the other tweet, too..and I'm not just saying that because I know them...
Tweet Me Back and Ill Listen To You!(:
Tiago, sprained wrist....
Some social services, like substance abuse treatment, save tremendous amount of costs. Several major studies prove this.
haha u make me smile so true
Me, still tinkering with Perl, trying to take my front-end skills to the next level by going all-in with Ember.js and Backbone.js.
Two words, SOLD OUT!
#DIFF 2012 Day 8 - Night of awards and honorees...
haha crisco looks so entertained... Is he sleeping?
Do you have good feelings towards the advancement of the Blazers?
One of these days that tram is gonna crush me, I just know it.
But tht might be too much to ask..
Thanks for the follow ! It's nice to "tweet" you!
The one night i dont go to tango is there
Talk about a role model in video content production, kudos to for the timely and thoughtful response to your critics...
please go watch on tinychat. she's filling up my timeline aha
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. 
Wicked bomb.
As i walked into Dunkin Donuts, i heard my feet yelling "OMG Franny you have to make a Ped pal that smells like a yummy DONUT w/sprinkles
i didnt wanna walk away from u in that diner but i have the decency to not disturb your personal time. See you Saturday!
#jobsreport-Also note that Feb&Mar were both revised Up
Pleasure seeing you last night at I've never seen anyone sit that long, let along sit that long while spinning!
Isagenix dude... Not random juice cleanse.
Haircut sometime soon. Getting to long.
Thursday is set. See you Thursday at 2?
Big day today. The Avett Brothers in Springfield and the Wizards kick it off in DC.
how has your day been? keepin it classy as usual? #muchlove xoxo
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
The whole thing is only 14 episodes or so. Two of them are specials.
don't forget
Daily GTKY question: Do you travel far for work?
yeah me too like pushing him into a mud puddle :P
Drinking Made Easy is coming to The Ball & Biscuit filming me making The Harrison Sicilian!
It's almost here! America Day is March 2! Celebrate by reading Dr. Seuss’ “The Lorax” in honor of this year's Green theme!
the is the one that so many would be great individuals break their necks against
I'm boring and I want go to my house like right now
#guineapigs are great at being #social :)
Great pizza at donkey diner in #coralbay for breakfast. And schaefer beer too.
Going to work with 's #ExtremeCouponing tomorrow through Friday! Learning how to get al the good deals!!
latest s/s Jil Sander sample sale ♥ When: Today-Sat., 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Where: 8 Crosby St., at Howard St., 4th flr.
Spinnin Today at the T-bar bottom of Peak 8 in Breck at 2pm!! Come get some drinks after you shred the hill!!
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 67 to 72 near...
Great catch Boldin!!!
David Cook on American Idol <3
Corn rows still exist?!?!
“Human existence is so fragile a thing and exposed to such dangers that I cannot love without trembling. ” - Simone Weill , Gravity & Grace
Guys only like you because you're willing to do anything in bed.
When your professor references The Hunger Games >>>>>>
I'm jealous that you do way more exercise than me... I live vicariously through your runs...
Make sure he gets the publishing royalty.
Love blue whale. Love Joon Lee.
Can't sleep. Who's awake?
thanks Elfie :). Appreciate it! How have you been? What are you up too these days?!
Sweet dreams everyone !
Just joined MLA couldn't make it to #musiclib2012. Oh well, at least I'll have plenty of time to prepare for
Ladies, Save the Date! Sexy LAP DANCE WORKSHOP Wednesday June 13th at Dance Studio! All ages, sizes, shapes Welcome! :)
right back atcha. :)
;-) RT : Wow "We Support Kim K" is trending WORLDWIDE! What a special Sunday surprise!!! I love you dolls! I guess I got m ...
CAUSE UH, I forget. Does it involve sanjaya.
huh I told I was
Should I continue on hold with Customer Support?
RT : Speights came out of the womb shooting.
And BF says............ OK, there are you paying attention to me now....
That was a bit deflating wasn't it?
Thank you for a solid Accounting & Budgeting session tonight. Loving the Emerging Leaders series.
absolutely false, we see in Obama a leader for Social Justice, empathy for the VULNERABLE which Conservatives misearably lack
I hope they put #CheneysOldHeart on a rocket and steered it into the sun just to be safe.
I can't believe its tomorrow! It went by so fast.
I know..you've told me<3(:
I need more people to text..
I had the same curiosity. Yeah, it would be nice to make it a worthwhile trip, but what a risky game (I almost didn't go back!)
Of course. Hottest white woman ever. #budussy RT : anyone out there remember the movie "how to be a player" with bill bellamy?
Seems like it would get good word of mouth. (Although I say that without actually, you know, having SEEN it.)
The Secret of Nymh
Except for the rain it's been a pretty hood weekend
Not surprisingly, people & esp. children are yearning for a means to create real value in their lives.
I wish!
why am I not there?!?
woah! What's wrong wit the ordinary dudes?
thats not much that just Rith
Q: Do you support changing the City’s water fee structure so that it encourages conservation and discourages waste?
shout out
Please call! my daughter's condo purchase& dispute on credit report is causing a major problem with loan approval. HELP?
Let's go the Lambs!
How did Peyton Hillis get on the cover of madden 12!!!! Surely should of been or
sounds good, looking forward to dive in. Exciting times, good luck to you all!
Is time now for lighting candles in Jerusalem. May each 1 of us have a blessed holy Shabbat & be ready for coming of Moshiach tomorrow night
If I was your boyfriend, you know I'd do you wrong. YOU KNOW, I'd do you wrong.
I don't think I'd even be on the right track towards graduation if it wasn't for & my mom.
i can see this... so what 2 do? how 2 address? b/c ppl arent going 2 stop wanting whats best 4 their specifc kid
Blue Air Forces, blue Levi's, blue Burberry coat, blue Dodger fitted, white T tho...
Normal couples: "You hang up the phone!" "No, you hang up the phone!" Katniss and Peeta: "You kill me!" "No, you kill me!"
how's it going for you??!! Hilfiger's a big name! You get to talk to him and etc?!
im bout to slide out there cuh
In regards to same sex marriage, which thank God was voted out in N.C. yesterday; please read I Corinthians 6:9-11.
All we need them to do is throw strikes, Rauch looked strong RT : I say it again, #Mets bullpen keeps rolling along
my daughter was playing karate fighting, fell to the floor, played dead & then got up with her arms outstretched growling. too cute.
thank you :) I'll do the same for you and yours. Tough stuff!
Happy National Taco Day! Don't forget to visit us today. :)
Sigh. I got up way to early today. I'm gonna need a nap eventually.
Sorry, mom. Sorry, God.
give Karen Coria deserving shout out for organizing democrats of the year.
have because someday we won't exist on earth anymore. Be thankful for the family you have and it's ok to be upset about a past relative...
RT : RT : Dude,you are lucky, you got her. She's YOURS. So step up, treat her right or she won't be yours for long...
Yeah, I've been to SEA before... have family there. Just never been to SF. Should be fun!
Buying the ticket, and taking the ride.
Just set a record checking and going through security to a Delta flight to Madrid @ JFK. Took no time at all. Always travel on Tuesday?
looks like Newcastle could get third with the way Cisse is banging them in. #titleparty this weekend.
Tonight's HBO / Cinemax double feature - Little Fockers & Hatchett II. (There's a mixture for ya.)
Anyone who thinks #chriscarpenter pitched the best postseason game ever didn't see #jackmorris for the in '91 W.S.
First rehearsal with The Tempest went well. It's fun being a part of a theater play! :)
Anyone want to get a bite to eat and something to drink?
Gators 0-12 on the weekend with runners in scoring position.
need to go to sleep but cant get off twitter lmao....... over tired
Thank you for mentioning Blush Formals! Will do the same here! Do keep in touch!
You know if you lace up your shoes from the inside to the outside they will fit tighter around your big toe.
It's hard trying to sleep with a big tattoo on your elbow and not catching it.
lol I'm down, I just got bought out! haha which Mexican joint?
Got the feeds. Can't wait. Wish I had some extra time to catch up on some sleep.
10 batters and 1 or 2 first pitch strikes. Thinking well see the bullpen here early.
isn't it ironic that it's called men-opause?
Kazakhstan: &#39;Borat&#39; Makes Benefit Glorious Nation With Tourism Boom
are you annoyed or what when I just asked a question .? but an lol at the end or something .
Taking naps on the benches at school 👌
Tell my mother, Tell my father I've done the best I can To make them renalize This is my life I hope they understand I'm not angry...
When you're down, complaining only makes matters worse! If you complain, you will remain! If you praise, you will be raised!
Storage wars.
thursday sunshine...type into the google search box: "do a barrel roll" it's the simple things in life!!
