Love you
Sorry to ask, but what are you saying at the end of that?
Drank my first monster in over a year, Bravo red card, 35 mins of joy, and 2 Sounders goals in 2 minutes. My heart is failing.
spelling bee winning word - cymotrichous - 14 yr old Sukanya Roy the winner
It looks like it's on channel 323.
You should check out our site - daily and weekly fantasy contests, cash prizes, freerolls (cash with no entry fee).
Thanks, Jen! :D
That is tough! Any parameters? Or, just favorite to drink, period? RT : Need to know - what is your fav WA red blend?
Thanks for the follow, Sally. Nicely eclectic tweets. Best - B
urgent. Send me your digits. Need to tell you some interesting news.
I kinda used to respect you. Solidarity?
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats. A. Branson Alcott
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 05/03/12 is Dan and Ian!
Soundhound has just replaced Shazam on my phone.
i'm not masturbating but i'm feelin' myself
Where are you located?
Very excited to have you as a speaker ! Know you'll bring lots of knowledge & value to the conference!
True. But sadly for Spike, it's still by far their highest rated show, so they have time. Think it would have to train wreck.
Haha, now the guy is off the call and watching a streaming soccer game very loudly. Is it rude to ask if he wants to borrow some headphones?
agreed! I've found the active group of MSFT tweeters are all pretty damn cool. Scott is a great voice for them cc:
Thanks for the quick response! Some boards and threads are up already.
you need to change your handler to
Appreciate your thoughtfulness.
I was hoping nobody caught that ;)
Playing draw something with 5 other people in my class. Yeah we are great students.
Nothing says "I'm gonna' kick your ass", like Justin Beiber. Really Mayweather? Really?
Universal Studio's Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit roller coaster opening date has been delayed to late Spring/early Summer 2009. Get ready!
9:00 – Are you thirsty? We have the cure for what ails you! $10 for all the tap beer you can drink tonight, any of 10 selections!
this is an awesome place!
random peopme and pictures are the best.
why you say that lol
Finding out who wins in a couple hours! :-)
Lol! Hey boo!
Oh hi guys. I'll be on the other side of the fourth wall if you need me. But knock first. I'll probably be making out with Ike or Pit.
What is everyone's expected outcome of the LOTR decision?
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
We offer both adult and youth programs.
RT : Breaking: Judge Throws Out NLRB's New Rules to Speed Up Unionization Elections. Says There Wasn't Quorum...
so long nobody realizes! Haha
American Idol finalists go home. Jessica Sanchez is a monster...
Hooray! RT : Blue Ribbon Pizzeria NOT opening second spot. Chef Wade opening "The Craftsman" instead.Former Savory spot (east E'nitas)
I don't mind ripping the carpet up if the wood below is okay. She got a puppy when the house went up for sale.
rcp? Idk what that stands for
For the next three years, McDonald's is going to open one restaurant every day in China
when I was little, I had dreams of what I wanted to do when I was older... now I have no clue.
Ankles: sprained inner ankle
on jointly authored, Oulipian suffragist novel "The Sturdy Oak"
Inge a good for the
I really like that one!
ODOT cam....Possible accident in the right lane...Powell Blvd. off ramp from I-205 NB...
stick with it! You can do it! Need to finish my rocky coast sleeves too...
Had the best two hour nap, now some food and study time. Something healthy for dinner. I need my energy.
"Ah, come on, IT'S GREY GROOSE"
Any chance this becomes the permanent home??
you rock our world too!
Not to mention Sacramento, which wants to build a new arena even though it looks like its NBA team is leaving anyway.
cute boys, tight pants, of course I'm down ;)
Just finished Toastmasters, now on to a business mtg at Starbucks in Plano. Lunch mtg at LakesideBiz in Rockwall, TX.
Keep refilling the same Snapple bottle w/ water. I've learned that potatoes have more chromosomes than humans like 200 times.
thanks so much for the follow! If you are ever in the market for new furniture or a new mattress let us know!!!
Ok so if you don't have the CF7 lic, then your only choice is It's not a technical problem so I can't help further.
Dosequis' most interesting man.
hey check out some designs at our site. save some money with us on more than 15000 designs
Thanks so much!
What a nightmare. ;'(
THE THING
Listening to Timmy Tebow's press conference.. This guy is just to likable.. He says all the right things.. Peers can really learn from him.
Bye #Miami. It's been real. See you son!
Want to help design graphics for a study on mobile money? My group is seeking a #design #freelancer in the DC area. pls DM me!
I'm just happy with the 45 degree weather up here. So much snow this year, will take a while to melt :(
lls that sound like me callin chris. And I only be on the bus:-#
#SPEEDF11 yes he gos from bad to good
deff going far away for college
Went out to Red rabbit fest to check out local music. All the bands were pretty sweet! Check out who tour it up!
I think I need to reexamine exactly where my political philosophy is these days. It's certainly evolving.
About to watch absolutely kill it
absolutely, one thing he gives this offense is consistency, you never knew what you'd get out of Orton each week
“: Tell him to send me a HUGE bag of gummybears! Have a Blessed week Terry. Nothing But Love For You!”<< Hugs:)
Interested in group rates for the 2011 season of Black Nativity (12/8-12/10)? Call 617-585-6366 for more info and details. Or visit...
that works to..
Can you do me a favor and follow ? Hes my best guy friend xD
And why not? RT": I DO NOT HAVE AN INSTAGRAM , that is an Imposter!!!"
friends follow back I am already following you
Friday Friday
Not trying to be #passiveaggressive, just calling it like I see it. Kudos to #Baylor being good now but dont forget the past
Hepatocellular Carcinoma, Potential Risk Factors Studies In European Cohort Study
Thank You! O)+>
do we need to make vampire mob ties with bloodstains on them?
post a AVI pic of them pretty eyes so I can fall asleep tonight.
Practice makes perfect.
As opposed to not returning? MT : harper didnt deserve plunking. but hamels is tough... returned from badly broken arm in hs.
Yep, saw something about that the other day.
James R. Cook~ Do just once what others say you cant do and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
Whoever the lazy ass was who came up with the name "P'Zone," you are a lazy ass.
That Profile pic Fly as Fuck!!!! Loll...
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
Wanna know what its like to be surrounded by crazy filipinos? Come to my church
Thanks for the +Ks!!
lmaooo! omg doesn't the food look so good
be careful Marie. Ily “: Tyga Tyga man I only wanna hit ! TYGA HERE I COME.”
All a gay girl need is some good dick
Today was a crazy day
Haha RT : Stupid, attention-grabbing little girl with a root sports sign, stop it. Make a pirates sign or don't make one at all.
Dude his Buffer than you
maybe we need a Hashtag
It sounds like you have done your research. I'll just add that Tallulah is excellent. What drew you to bonobos?
"I hate this song." "Then why are you singing to it?" "It's catchy."
how scary 
love you too girl:)
Stay a little while and see a different side of me
feels good to finally be home👍
Yessir! Just got back- forgot how pretty the ML is in the spring- cherry trees blooming everywhere! You 'round thur/fri?
RT : MT : Amazing Stats -> 6.8 Million Android And iOS Devices Were Activated on Xmas Day, 242 Million Apps...
"Don't Think Twice" which was ultimately done by Bob Dylan? If so, that one. I can see Lorraine doing after she leaves.
Its been along time since I've did all that haha !
sure i dont mind :) which one, 3 or 4 o clock? or do u still want me to ditch the last one?
Nf follow back
Boomtown. Got the Prohibition T-shirt. HOTNESS! I MIGHT go out tonite just to rock it.
Leuer falling out of the Bucks rotation? Did not play tonight and played just 12 minutes total in the previous 2 games
Those of us that have been loyal to Apple stayed because their customer service was great... it no long is
phone dying 😔
My boss just told me "I better not go anywhere." I'm going to hold onto this stability for a moment.
Do the Kardashian's ever have no make-up on?
MT #ERISA #definedbenefit plans, have you received 2012 #AFTAP from #actuary? 4/1 is deadline to avoid possible plan restrictions
Lawwwd that felt good
Valid question. Just searched and found 5 possible #RachelGannon's. BTW, congrats on the friend request...whew, great day.
Why won't you let the guest hosts present Worst Persons?
Celeriac root vegetable may protect against cancers and may help cardiovascular disease.
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds. Punctum is the spark of contingency. A little hole in the surface. Her hand is not this.
Breakfast is the best meal of the day - seriously. 6 egg whites, 1 cup of spinach, 1 fiber crisp with macadamia nut butter AHH!
Tyga Black Thoughts 2. Wow. Real Life music shit. Anthemic Symphony type of music. Every1 needs to download it.
Stuck in the airport in Salt Lake City... Delayed 3+ hrs :( At least they have the #Butler game on! Go Dawgs!
goodmorning! <21 can't wait to hear new music (: have fun!
HA!!! Memory lane...
America, why do we need all this Federal Government run around about creating jobs???? I'll grab all of them by the hands and show them how
& Fullstache team great job! I just had *another* friend find he's got prostate cancer. 6 friends w cancer in 2011.
good luck Jeremy, you'll be missed! Enjoy that run support!!
ORLANDO vs STEAK! 1 Day away! Former Redskin Reggie Branch taking on challenge!
Just about freaked with Nolan at the end. Then I remembered that we've already seen screen caps of him alive next week. Whew.
NO SO RANDOM THOUGHT: Nothing like a little interracial soft porn to get the ratings up. Thanks ABC.
Spring sneeze attacks suck.
ok next week right?
We'd love to be on your show! E-mail me to work out details
You sweet girl! You just made my day. You must come visit!
You're either going to get high or you're not. It doesn't matter if it's 420. How about everyone shuts up now.
Today's election day in Indiana, please vote. You have a say in how Indiana represents you! Voting is a right we have...exercise it!
Who woulda thought the Chiefs/Chargers game would be the best MNF matchup tonight? Down to the wire...
Self-Realization is... a state of the greatest gain, the greatest bliss and the greatest knowledge.
Watching Scarface downtown with Harry & contemplating where to go in the Milly tonight.
Another super successful event!!!!!! I am pooped...but so worth it!!!! I love makeup and the fashion industry! ! #teamMMD ROCKED! !!!
Idk ask her?
Seeking a #Senior SQL DBA# with experience on architecture and maintenance of TB-sized Databases. Please contact
Listening to Jeff Rosensweig talk about the future. He's an amazing guy!
Looking forward to the beginning of Spring training
Ok I went and made my own icon.. How does it look?
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf she tells you who she's crushing on. :( damn
I love his smile. Actually, I love everything about him.
mLearning Analyst is perfect. Though I might still call you mLearning Prophet from time to time... :-)
“At the end of every tunnel there is light but you can’t see the light until you go through the tunnel...” -HH King of Nepal
I love the Incredibles!
Omg Keana I Miss Yu I Didn't Know Yu Had A Twitterb How Is It At Blake & Text Me :) (Btw This Satesha) :D
We lose about 50 to 100 hairs per day.
naw u can keep the ranch but the rest I'd devour
Twice as nice! #cara student Joanne R. secured a position as a Customer Service Associate! 51 of 310!!
But u shouldnt smash everyhing wit legs and a twat #ijs !!!!: I guess everybody sexy is different but damn!"
Some folks I've run sound for this week: Tom Russel, Ramblin' Jack Elliot, Mickey Hart, Bill Kreutzman, Bob Weir, Anvil, Jason Newsted, Pap…
That is one angry Roy face!
so sad! Every season goes so fast. Hopefully there's a 6th season back in Seaside this summer!
Congrats to for your movie "Think Like A Man" making #1 at the box office opening weekend.
Off To School!!
Role of Hollywood/film in climate science ed leads today's Yale Forum update. Health, "REDD" forests issues also highlighted.
Took a 4 hour test today was terrible 😭🔫
amazing performance from 3 today man.. Keep it up!!
Happy Sunday! :)
Have to laugh when reporters ask #Toews (23-years-old) about the "youngsters" aka Andrew Shaw (20) and Jimmy Hayes (22)
THANK YOU :) XOXOXOXO
Sorry about your bedspread, Cloons. Great party though. #walkofshame!
Hell yeah it is!!
You can find it at Youtube.
he is a designated hitter , like he only plays a couple of innings a week and hits sometimes
My idea just got shot down by
No coffee for 2 days and I think my body is staging a coup d'état!
"You're a good guy and you deserve a good girl." yeah, he does.. :\
hay dude so how far do live away from bellingham. Been there before.
silly picture hehe! :)
one out of three consumers who have scanned a QR code have a household income of at least $100,000, according to comScore.
Tomorrow we bid a fond farewell to a longtime Kennedy kid. We wish you the best of luck in your new adventure, Jesi!
Did you just see the way Kuper's foot was turned?!
Intent to blow is now my new favorite NHL catch-phrase
Why are my beloved colleagues are surprisingly excited about the lottery today. Really the lottery?
You are today's winner! You rock! E-mail w/ name, address and item of choice! Woohoo!
What's your current jam? Working on putting together a new playlist and would love your input!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO@!!!!!
see what happens when you switch browsers
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 25
Eating healthy is a life style not a fad diet...
Currently 44% of all global Internet users are Asian, with a projected increase to 50% in 2012.
nice to have you here!!!
KBs will change your body and your life. For a beginner, consistency is more important than intensity. So take ur time =)
small spaces especially, benefit so much from some creative thought put into the layout.
Good night tweetheads!
this is Kerri. She's out of the office but should return around 2:30. I will make sure she calls you then.
if you shoot as well as you did last night we will never lose
Join us tomorrow for Kim Jones' Mudman performance beginning at 1:00 at 530 West 21st Street!
what message does it send to read that only 13,847 people "like Jesus"?
Haha yea, I'm finding that to be more difficult this time around
wit ya jack?
Gotta love the island's free trolley!
Teddy's burger joint is pretty sweet! They even have karaoke ! 🎤
When boys make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better.
Thanks for posting this..As one of the board members of the #Pittsburgh Craft Beer Alliance, I'm happy to see this :)
I can't find the new issue with Em and Yela anywhere! Is it not on newstands yet?
Why choose just one and oversimplify? RT Did Shelley identify with the monster, #Frankenstein or Elizabeth?
dinos are way cooler than rotting bananas and diapers.
it was an 84
I seriously love this fucking chick
ck out all the important people running about the city on fashionbaggage.com
because your bio said to inquire
#moversli available at your service tomorrow after 12pm. Truck & vans available. STarting from $50/h - $110/h tops!
I plan to compose a Tweet every day. This is my first.
The 3 Wise Men go to Bethlehem & offer gifts of gold, frankincense & myrrh. Jesus asks: "So... are these for Christmas, or for my birthday?"
continuing an art gallery marathon....
Carson Daily's tie on the voice reminds me of an upside down Duracell battery
Received my awesome swag from today!! Thank you!!
Dwight will go to Brooklyn, now i have no doubt, good job Jay Z.
Say some shxt I don like && I'll SNAP on you
Thanks for the free ticket RC! <3 I'll send that picture asap.
#iRememberWhen your opposite sex had the cooties !
ya mane
Precision Sports Training is a training program designed to make each individual athlete better.
Good Morning! Sipping my chocoate frosty #Shakeology - prepping for to build my body w Asylum Strength! How is ur morning?
good luck tomorrow. Sad the season is ending either way. Now I just got the Twins to watch.... Sigh.
Can't Wait for the Pacers to beat the Bulls tonight!~
You had me at hello, but you lost me at good bye </3
LOL but still. They need to stop frackin' faking. That's top-shelf material they have their paws on!
Just get into it with a homeless guy at McDonald's, WHO'S CRAZY NOW?!
how would you like me to do this? 69. Standing up? You on your back an me buried in your cock?
Jalen Rose just straightened out Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith mite have fueled the fire between him and AI again!!!!!
Do my eyes deceive me? You can actually buy a now!? I must have one!
-BD- Any suggestions for phrases or terms to give to Big Show in tonight's edition of Big Show vs. Urban Dictionary?
Im Breakin Out Mi Own Box You Stay The Same
thank you thank you, and now for my encore.....
If tori fucks up my eyebrows imma pop her ass
thanks man.
haha just watched how i met your mother..you know the punch line
Q4: Glühwein, is a go-to holiday cocktail in Germany. How do you toast the season?
Now you're talking.
Live interview with me ED ROBINSON can be heard via www.culturalvibezradio.com @ 4p.m. today. Big up to all in ATL
where do I get one of those?!
: His pecs must be made of saltine crackers.
If you try and see the good in the situation, your #stress levels will greatly diminish. ~ Catherine Pulsifer
Waffle House for breakfast!
Angelina looks like she's still dating Billy Bob Thorton.
today's xkcd reminded me that my planet-ordering mnemonic is obselete
Best part of starting a new business for the first time: the lack of habitual status quo process. Doing what is right, not what's expected.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
its not me who is drinking hun
Hey from the Official Arkansas street team!:)
Getting ready for the #penfield parade. Nice to March before it gets too hot!
Watching the Murdoch's lying ther ass off''Where is Glenn Beck and Bill O at'' lol''
RT Audio versions are already up. Check out our talk with about , talking #ipad &
hehe then there will be wednesday!:)
Ha! RT : It's a good news day in Cincy when the afternoon's top story involves zombies.
first local music sandwhich in now being eaten on TBLMS. This one goes with some Haverhill Brewery beer!
yes, get off the computer at 11 so i can watch jersey shore and play With Friends for 7 hours...i hate myself right now
Whatever happened to taking photos of what you see? You don't have to Instagram everything! (Also, fake tilt-shift looks like crap).
R u better off waitin for sum1 to make u happy?? Bcuz iCuldve SWORN ppl were better off makin themselves happy.
This has been such a hectic week. I just wanna shower.
Zombie fights > twitter fights
Four year olds are the best form of birth control
Q. What is the Difference Between Pussy and Apple Pie? A. You can eat your mom's apple pie.
Next time I have a bad set I'm going to pepper spray the audience and call it Black Friday.
hell yea lol ... u know how it be
orly id hope so
#FreePress demands honesty a sense tht facts sld b "inconsequential" 2 it's own interests. #FreePress-Democracy can't have 1 w/out the other
Father of murder suspect says his son is a "good kid."
Why does my chicken stock smell like wet human feet? :(
May I humbly suggest, Gods kinda faith: Peter walking on water Knowing that if Jesus said it He Could do it. Amen
once he tweeted me i would just go into complete stalk mode and wait til he tweets me again
Use your time more wisely before time wisely uses your ass.
We will be in NYC this week for the 2012 Apple’s Mobile Technical Competency (MTC) certification.
6 Adrenal Weariness Therapy Remedies to Use at Home
Totally. Which TriBeCa films should we see this weekend?
Fear not, New Mexicans! I have ordered another batch of off-air antennae. Hold out for a couple of days. I've got your fix! Call 350-6428
Swooning over iPad Field Guide to Victorian Fauna. Plovers and platypuses!
A favorite breakfast of mine: "Frothy Banana". 3 bananas, 2 cups ice, 1.5 cup water, blend in high-speed blender. Yum!
Packed live studio for send your questions via twitter
first saw his stuff with ashley wood in swallow.....mind blowing even up close.
awe yea, mos def. X mentioned that u were spinning records atcha spot & it caught my attention. interested.
watching these fan girls go crazy over the jb boyfriend video on my timeline :) lol
": Children’s hospitals thank Cindy Mann for her efforts to ensure kids’ access thru improved #Medicaid payments."
A lot of good upsets are going to happen
my dog just ate my favorite pair of sandals! Wtf?!
Brilliant idea!!! Need an office or investment in your business? Check us
don't you make fun of people who tweet?
did he bring the whole lot of you guys up through the skylight to his precarious rooftop lookout? usually part of the session
The one day this school year I decide to wear a tye dye shirt, 5 other people wear one too!
Is it Cocktail Time?!? From Old School to New School | Geeky to Tiki we've got you covered!! Take a break and explore our new Cocktail Menu!
Hey everyone we appreciate the ever growing support! Keep it up! Please follower one of our biggest supporters personal Twitter account.
Can't stop watching
Happy Thanksgiving
Yes she is!
William Hazlitt's view, "Literature/theater/art/philosophy - matters of direct concern to the experience of life." - reinforce in classroom.
Closing thought of the night: The guy who puts the "Keep Off The Grass" signs on grass lawns is a hypocrite.
#MyMomTaughtMe how to deal with ignorant people that will always be in my life, and how to be the bigger person.
Ugh . You could of just texted me first for once in your life .
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Did i mention to call in sick for tomorrow? Tonight it's gonna be insane
Family members should never make facebooks ,twitters ect
ugh waiting is the hardest part
It is Xavier Week for the #flyernation Best of luck to my boys over at Dayton.
he is one of the best
Smile!!! It is contagious!!! :)
Recording some live videos of my songs! I'll post one of them later today.
levels game is progressing nicely! I see he's continuing what he did at christ school this year...
#Indiana Pacers!
Go Wendy and Chester Grumpypants!
I miss that band.
great talking with you today.
Friday's Flatbread: Parmesan Peppercorn, blackened chicken, spinach, onions, provel Soups: Creamy Tomato & Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
I'm sure it's a terrible idea to click the links- just find it interesting they bate ppl by being negative- why not be positive
Looks like NC is going to prove its ignorance. You know what that means: State Shopping!!!
"Reality is Negotiable" ~ Tim Ferriss
Depressed as f*** for the moment
;; You're awesome .
you should have one your beautiful , i dont have on either :p
it's not your looks, it's not you words, it's your ways...that make you so incredibly beautiful <3 Make it an amazing day Sunshine~ xo
Been listening to Hugh Laurie on for the last 10 minutes and didn't even recognize his voice. Wow, he sure sounds different.
so, was a new source of breakfast tacos discovered?
good tired as hell lol
thanks for the love! What skill would you like to share?
It seems like priorities are fuckd up and the importance on material things are too emphasized
The pace of this schtick is too Vin Diesel/Paul Walker for me to follow.
Cleaning up Hart Park tomorrow with
Do you recommend a good classroom response system (clicker)? Experience with these? Help! Thanks!
Edmodo requires schools, districts, &/or teachers 2 obtain consent from students' parents before collecting any personal info
I'm seriously bout to!
The guy who grunts the loudest at the gym isn't always the strongest but he's always the most annoying. Same for the guy that drops weights
I have a food hangover from Easter
I think everyone realizes it's a terrible deal, but it's ever so slightly better than nothing I guess
you know that was written by George Benson though?
My Mommy is bacc!!!!!
Not really
Owner/President/CEO/Exec. Producer of Pimplife Wrecords Co./Real Life Ent./The Galaxy Room Studio. The true One Man Studio!!!FUCK WIT YA BOY
Been on the phone for about 2hrs doing some apps and on facebook
You can do so by signing up for free on our website turkeyandfriends.org =] RT I wanna join a group like this!
Nice. Sure to be another solid record.
we strongly oppose raising the retirement age. That is a benefit CUT, plain and simple
Trynna talk on the jack when im watchin the game <<
If I was going to attempt to seduce Joumanna Kayrouz, the tactic I would use would be spending money.
Great to hear it! “: Had a great meeting today! & I have some exciting news come May!”
#NowPlaying #MovingOn it's legit the best song ever.
Happy Easter everyone! I hope you all are spending this holiday with your family and friends.
Sorry I will be missing #lrnchat tonite; enjoy and I hope to catch u soon!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
i decided to keep my twitter.
RT : Congrats to on your 10 year Anniversary. We truly appreciate everything you do to make Chemo Duck look good!
Your opinion on that definitely means something to me. I'm just recovering from a #badgoogleexperience :)
Great meeting with Ryan of !
I'll spin bitterness for paying full price for lunch as relief not to eat among the commoners
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it. Bill Nye,
Peterson's Birds of North America iPhone app is only $0.99 for Earth Day. That's a $14 savings. What a deal!!
I cant see the Rangers ever losing another game. Joe Nathan? maybe a few
Thanks for the mention - happy monday!
not according to r government lies.Life span getting longer. We keep people alive longer, but they r broke from medical bills
Listen to some real shit this morning right here. If you don't know JReal, ask your mom.
Charlize Theron, Kate Hudson, Dakota Fanning, Zooey Deschanel - and Linday Lohan?! It&#39;s The Best Dressed at the White ...
where did you get your boots from that you wore to the show?
ull get owned
I'd love to check it out - send it over!
YW I just added you to G+ also. I been using that more lately
Holy moly. AUSTIN LOOKS EVEN MORE SEXIER WITHOUT HIS BRACES.
I have been snowed in today in the Shenandoah Valley and have been working on this wedding site all day I run www.Shenandoahweddings.org
Lastly, DOJ's case is weak. Millions of emails to sort through--yet evidence is comically circumstantial.
I Want To Give You Some Love...#BobMarley!
Thanks for following everyone .... Our group is growing and growing fast.... Let's educate #AustinTexas on Fraud Risk Places
Well this is awkward..
Im also mad I cant go play tennis wit jen nd ana
I haven't heard from my baby!
Democratization is a long process- not just elections and constitutional provisions. About fundamental rights, balance
RT Show your a Fan of the Artists Music by clicking on the "Become a Fan" Button @ www.Rhythmshare.com
Think the guy next to me on this flight is David Crosby or possibly Santa so I need a bag of drugs either way
For you it can help you network with people in the gaming/webseries circles- its helped me meet a few important people.
Rita's and boy's lax game with the #laxteam :)
Too cool. Congrats!
It’s supernatural, extraterrestrial
Tasting the rainbow,
it's excellent
follow back please?
hey so have you thought about it
44 hours without my phone? Extreme torture.. 😭
RT : happy bday to your babies :)- thank u & happy mothers day
Nah you weren't. But the ending was what we already talked about in class.
totally. gotta break the spell, tho this one may not do it, tbd
Yeah man let's do this, you can see what it's like to have fans. And playoffs. And a pitcher. And run support.
Watching these females that once looked pretty turn #Rachet is horrible anyway im going to sleep Goodnight/Goodmorning..........
like thinkin bout the lounge..you can smell it bro
makes me proud to be a Jew.
keep those updates coming on fp/pot
Well i'm off here because there's probably 99% of you that are gonna spoil the ending to #TheVoice for the west coasters..
#oomf is a complete dick
Amen...I say, Amen! Hope you're having a wonderful weekend! Best...B
we're the last act for the show so we got mad time bro lol
Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
Yeah i think so
Happy Tuesday Janet!
BALLIN only by association because you was next to me! Wha whaaaaaaaaa!!
miss u
incredibly tempting!!!
U never dmed me RT : should answer my DM question...
Love m
RT The DXS #SAPPHIRENOW twitter contest starts May 13 -follow us and tweet #DataXstreamatSAPPHIRENOW you could win a new iPad
If you're the Clippers would you consider sitting CP3 tonite so you have a heatlhy star in gm 7 or take your chances tonite?
Awesome! See you there! RT : Just bought our tickets for the Holiday Gala on Dec 8! (cc: ) Can't wait!
Sorry we missed this. Just tried to call you. Are you still available to talk?
"Girls hug all the boys except me and I just smile but it hurts." if I ever met them, I'd only hug Niall because of this quote.
well don't be too sad await for all the joys of happyness that will soon be a reality. ..< trying to act smart what a dork
you have taught me so much about the kitchen, especially on Sundays. Thank you! I take every tip I can get!!!!
Bob Silver of MWW did nice article for PRWeek on tweeting during events. No direct posting of comments allowed. Clueless in PR?
New short story coming soon. Titled Lipstick. Watch for it ;)
Whoa..Bat Conservation International has declared war on Lego for portraying bats as monsters. This could get ugly. Guano's gonna fly.
Naturally, for I am the Dayman
Dead and Gone
???Follow me?
Ranking Chas Councilman, "We oughta annex Sissonville." I said, "Chas gun control would be problem." He said "We're not changing that!"
Sink your teeth into a pesto pizza
lmfao I like that one
Did you call me on purpose this morning?
Everything is second to your dreams
DC☀61; Philadelphia :)
Out of nowhere, my #comcast email stopped working...I would be sad, but nothing important goes there
what's good fam
shows u how bad the center position is in the nba.
Mirtes & I visited #Holocaust Museum in DC last summer. Mirtes cried the whole time we were there. #NeverForget, never repeat
Madame Davis had an early morning. 3 am to be exact! It just dawned on me why I am ultra sleepy! I should set a better tone for my week...
Money can't buy happiness, but a high Klout score sure can.
tweet tweet
Every function of body is perfect and sufficiently stable in every way.
I like your photography on Pinterest. Thanks for sharing.
This post confuses me lol
I'm think they will use him if they have to tonight, but would prefer to put him in 5th spot
Stupid ass fight fucked up my night, ugg fck !
Damn the flow is coming in full form , longest Its been
a bag of beans will save your life.
Sorcerer's Stone? You need the movie explained?
#lastthursday food vendors: Applications for licenses are available at FoLT booth, between 19th and 20th
right. what state are you in?
When I'm Done Eating A Bowl Of Chex Mix, All That's Left Is The Pretzels (:
I want qdoba SO BAD! (things I think right after I finish a run). -__- haha
Oh my god, let's go watch the avengers! (: lol Have fun in Dallas.
Man in ComRoots pitching a "wee bible" for hipsters: "This is a $50 million dollar idea. you think I'm crazy? This is a $50 mil $ idea!"
Thank you we had a great time !
Dance to the music live to the music in your soul<3
Thanks for sharing! Very insightful.
by the way, need for speed tonight!? I just got my xbox back and we can play :) and I'm planning on coming up to visit soon!
Well as soon as you figure it out let me know.
Thank you for your excellent work via the blog and we look forward to meeting you in June!
What makes a male sexually attractive to a female?
Britney Spears became the best selling artist of the decade. Do you like her?
Really wishes would follow me. I know does too!:P
it's really good!:D can't wait for your album ^,^!
Trying to keep my body as healthy as possible to keep career goals on track. Making more time for the sports club. On the ball now.
Hi Morgan, if you click on his name (to expand the description) it will be there! :)
Join Librarian Hank Herreman for a book discussion about the The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the Tutt Branch on April 10th at 2pm.
So the snow will melt today and we will have slush and mud to content with
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 4.
Go hard or go home.
Go Red! RT: : Today in history, 1933: Prohibition repealed & Memorial Union becomes 1st public university union to serve beer.
Watching Americas Got Talent
tonight was pretty good..ad tomorrow is Friday Friday ..getting down on Friday😜
I had this good ass dream I had met this beautiful girl named Natalie she was my type good personality etc .....
u don't see them at lunch?!?
over here by Duke. I got a lab
Walker is using Wisconsin like a soap opera star aiming to break into movies, even win an Oscar. Time to cancel his series.
#EBUS118 Find a Milwaukee business using Twitter for marketing purposes and follow them - Retweet a message sent by them using RT at start
... Looking forward to your tweets!!!
lol i saw it.... and for the record that ball was hard to hold on to hahah
thanks for following! :)
Taco Fiesta is awesome and now you have me craving it too!
They are easily reviewed at
If they use the same fake statutes and precedent, they "will probably prevail"
Movies in the Park sponsor, University of Phoenix, is raffling 1 $120 gift card to Great Basin Bicycles during "Breaking Away."
8 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
WHAT'S WITH ALL THESE MU FUCKIN AVENGERS IN THIS MU FUCKIN MOVIE!!!
That shit was too funny.
turned in for consuming a beverage in celebration of a friend's wedding, pure unchristian behavior
ops.... Sorry!!! But in the same breath, you're welcome!
"KEEP AWAY FROM ME." In low man voice.
In LA? NYTimes columnist Ross Douthat on how the media misses the religion story. USC Annenberg auditorium 5pm Thursday 9/16
next time you find out about some bingo let me know!
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Miami is so far though ! /:< He's moving for like 6 months ! That's too long !
Congratulations. You just completed half the workout :)
just be yourself, scew that promo nonsense, you'll take less time being you than they will being someone they're not!
Dillard strikes out Kemp. #Brewers come back coming up.
Belden Stratford has great short term & furnished #apartments! Great for 2012/2013 apprenticeships!
Yes, but has she taken your high heels yet?
#fieldstudies was a hoot last night. Bummed I had to leave early, but happy that my penny loafers are finally broken in.
Color Jam will bring concerts, talks, & virtual interactions to the Loop. What other public programs would you like to see?
I just want a nice old 4 door car. Nothing big.
whats good bro
Warm weather returning to dc
how can we setup and interview? who do we contact?
Never too lateRT Mini twisting my #naturalhair... too late to turn back..
RT “Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there.” I'll be there. ;)
Movie recommendation is Steve Carrell in "The 40 Year Old Virgin"
your last scene literally has stuck with me since i left the theatre, you made me feel for Cato so much!
Marty's crying won #Devils the game
Beautiful imagery. We have a traveling exhibition going on now called "Earth from Space" as well.
Packers really missed the boat as Marshawn Lynch goes to Seattle. Cmon Ted Thompson
I hope our Cowboys are paying attention. It's tough to win games, and you gotta be ready each week. We can do this!
Good luck! (:
Braxton Miller just re-enacted the Wisconsin game winning TD before the refs called it back on account of excessive awesomeness.
According to a 2005 survey to 167 non-profits, individuals donate more money online than any other fundraising method.
New details in wire fraud case against ex #Badgers star Michael Bennett say he tried to get a $200K loan from an undercover FBI store.
oh, sorry, I meant like, in general - I'm working in sector 7-G today. But I do want to soon
#YouThinkYoureFunny no, that girl who thought she could sing who tried out for american idol is funny
Definitely like this shift
you don't like it?
Love the Meatrix!
Listening to Avenged sevenfold's songs my life seems wonderful!!!! hahaha=D
In 2010 become a "creative collective entrepreneur" by being open to innovation and working together to make a difference in the world.
Y U NO LOVE ME
This is my 1st time experiencing someone in my family giving birth out 17 nieces & nephews...
....should be called "Raimar's Deep Thought of the Day."
Great meeting you tonight
And by scene I meant tripped on a loose tile
Just realized the town name in my new #WIP sounds more like a type of ice cream than a town. Back to the drawing board.
What is there to watch on Tuesdays? ? ?
are in
((HUG)) from a grandmother.
Lmao I hate and
If you were a candidate, we'd turd you for skimming. Each and every word must be weighed, considered and cherished.
Playing go fish with my grandma:)
He Gets Pulled Over & The First Thing He Do Is Tweet .
#shortgirlproblems climbing cabinets/countertops like a little monkey just to reach a bowl 😒
Steve bring some yummy sushi! RT : will we see u guys out again 4 karaoke thur? Did u like my shoutout?
Listening sessions are critical to healthy, creative living. What are YOU listening to?
This bitch is wretched!!!
Human beings can transform themselves. They can grow larger or smaller but;they grow every day - Maria Green
We often spend life so paralysed by the thought of failure, it molds us to our seat.
Thanks for the RT. Hope that you're doing well in the beautiful OC!
lmao how is that fucked up
- Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict. Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also.
What where those ppl name that we have to write letters to?
Inching toward vegetarianism after two emails today: Petrossian LA 5-course foie dinner; St. Francis winery debuts 'luxury' bacon dinner.
My son Dylan is 15% for weight, 10% for height and 99% for head. Jordan's 99% for head too!
Haha. I hope not. VY better be P/C when he meets the media today. No crazy comments.
Follow my new friends: and & (but he's really nice)
No we're not obsessed with newplay.
can it just be summer already
I ride through Central Park 5+ times per week and every time it is different.
oh yeah tell me? :-)
AW SHIT 's MOM HAS A VOXER? TIME TO FUCK SHIT UP.
omg I die every time
I need a break, but id rather have a break through.
Had the best weekend with my other half. Now I'm sleepy and exhausted lol. i missed him so much :)
I like how they're in Chicago though :)
Thanks for the retweet.
I later read Alias Grace, which I now consider my favorite Atwood book.
It is the first day of Spring! Isn't it time to Spring Forward in your life? Coach Terry
No me.
Are you freakin kidding me!!??
I wanna be the 9000th tweet lol
It was fun! Say Hi to Terri and Joe. You need to meet Dene and Richard as well to really understand the genius of Richard Weedman et al.
Not sure if this is THE Malcolm Gray. I don't see anything indicating this is a verified account
ME!!!!!! (: CAN YOU FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASEE (:
Free Citi of Angels!!!!! Locked up in that twitter jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200
Chuck Taylor (Lexa Pros and Cons) is the boyquivalent of e. lockhart's Ruby Oliver. So of course I LURVE him. "You're pretty!"
How you be gettin hellla followers
And thats why your city never deserves to EVER win a cup.
new song idea of a title /// smokeshow - (sexy bombshell walks into a bar)
come on dude,
wat about dem
RT : Only people with the courage to fail have the opportunity to truly succeed.
yes yes
Oh, just checking with others as I know that we have to be careful with "discounts" etc. Wasn't sure if volunteering time was
DailyHookahTip#92:Don't bust out a #hookah at parties unless you: a)don't like it,b)enjoy coal burns on your carpet,c)have a Hookah Home
"Who, being loved, is poor?" - Oscar Wilde
I still have #johnnie blue balls
I really enjoyed Noche Latina by the Washington Ballet tonight. I'm not enjoying the slow #DCMetro ride home.
this is a good day to knock off early and ride the bike north
Amazing! I've been waiting!
waiting for summer to arrive in Marin county
Vision is a strange monster. It is harder, longer, different and better than you expect.
lol u silly ¦ p
... crediting participation in online peer review, content creation, etc. It will be an excellent resource if funded.
I'm honored haha
I hear ya. I think I have a masochistic streak for sure. I stuck with Smash all season.
u know i hate people
we are working on it. no eta as of yet
“: You have to speak to students hearts. Take away those walls. #TEDxUSC”
Hey you were lovely at the Beatles tribute show this weekend. Thanks so much!
U know ur a Mexican if u have tamales and qoronas at thanksgiving
Skyteam lounges open. Star Alliance all open. OneWorld all closed. Flight at 3.30 - perfect. And O'Hare of all places!
can you start bets with everyone about the #Spurs? I'll go in with you on that, AND they are going to win it all!!!
Finished Tupelo Hassam's girlchild last night. Wanted to start over immediately. Great writing! Good story - sad but not depressing.
Just a few hours away from #commonpitch Where should we get dinner?
what is a sub tweet?
You can't understand someones pain unless you felt there struggle
Sorry to hear that. Care to share more info?
Faison Dem candidate for Gov of NC thinks sales taxes are a good way to fund public programs. Sales taxes penalize the poor.
Game plan for tomorow coffee in the am n 5 hour energy in the pm LOL
On my own ~ Les Miserables & Someone like you ~ Jekylle & Hyde Are my favorite songs at the moment :)
PLEASE SHOW JUSTIN. IM GOING TO BE CRAZY
Saturday night in, sleeping with Mom and Daddy... And to think ill be turning 21 next week! +_+
it's pretty simple just follow me to the promise land
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Elmore, Lowndes & Montgomery Counties until 08:00 PM
We're ok right now but we have a couple people leaving in Aug. If any thing changes n the short term, I'll let you know. :)
Thanks so much for the RT! I hope you going the post helpful! :)
This lady in my class just pulled out 2 subway foot longs and four Dr.Peppers...Holy shit!!
ha ha! I always tell my clients to stay off the scales...that's weight loss...not fat loss, which is two different things
You want to beat the heat....Come in for a nice cold beer or our new refreshing Mango Drop Martini.
Raquel's school's 5th grade classes read their poems 2day: 100+ kids/poems: amazing what kids can do ! How to keep that fire!
actually, we do.
my little basset hound is wheezing. any thoughts? i'm scared. she's so little.
Nothing greets the new year on a Monday morning in the quiet office quite like Bobbie Gentry.
I will soon be at 1000 tweets.
Thank you! Have a great FRI!
#SometimesYouHaveTo look at the brighter side of the bad going on in your life....
Notes for An Essay… « Tohoku Pillows
watchin sparatcus gods of the arena and doin that hunger games puzzle wit the lil sis :)
I could!
O interesting. good to hear codys fired up
I thought that this was it but the more i go on the more realization that hits me is that it might not be.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
man, i hate downers.
honestly that's how you personally feel so the other person bf/gf isn't obligated to feel the same way..
im living doing me fuck what a nigga think about me,if u dont care about y u still talking me, you want to leave theres the door.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
there is a chance you have the wrong robcolbert, but does this mean I can party with ya?
Which kind of sunscreen is best- gels, lotions, or spray? galtime.com/article/health…
back of our neighbor's house caught on fire porch2roof. put it out completely before trucks arrived. #nbd, #idgaf,
Anyone else gonna send more photos? :) xx
I believe
Show some love for in-arena host tonight as the #Spurs return from the rodeo ride trip and take on the Bulls! #GoSpursGo!
Bill Gates & Warren Buffett at dinner were once asked the biggest key to their success. They both answered simultaneously: "focus."
Quote of the day "Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in feeling creates love." -Lao-Tzu
I hope your dream will come true
1) Never leave your passport in the back of a cab. 2) Thank God that there are still some honest people in NYC 3) I have the best friends.
Thanks, Jason! Happy Monday! Great meeting you at Gigs4Good the other week. Enjoy the Seattle weather this weekend? :)
It's quite the tragedy :(
Finished the breaker now I'm on the breaker: new waves :p I am giddy right now
Worried my red lipstick might not go with my red belt.
my tan is coming in nicely ...
permanent holiday??
Another Happy Customer! Thanks :-)
is on my new album
The human heart feels things the eyes cannot see and things the mind cannot understand. Anonymous
In dead lock traffic this sucks
What a true #RockStar #TommyLee is!
awkward encounter..... O.o
Thanks for the follow! It means a lot!:) Love you!
Fries.. why do you have to betray me and become cold? D; why you gotta do me like that!
Thank you.
I'm flattered.
If you take me seriously more than 18.3% of the time, you're wrong.
Tonight we play a benefit concert w/ and Doors at 8, music at 9. Order: JG/MBB/TW
If i really had to, i would choose you. Do you know what would happen if i were to ever lose you?
Shyt thank u, I'm finally home!
Starting today Im gon go thru my Facebook friendslist and find one thing I admire and find interesting about that friend
I am on my 4th NBA game for the day. Bucks & Celtics. I started at 10am. I did a few things, but never out of earshot of the games.
Going with "Gemologist" and "I'll Have Another" in the Derby!
This game is stressing me out.
Cinco de mayo loosely translates to: Margaritas for breakfast.
leads with leisure, followed by growing #travel categories: sporting events, mtg/conventions.
I'm glad you found me at ISAS girl, I was in disguise
Sweatshirt Did the Sickest Remix's of "Drop" and "Lemonade"
I Wanna Go To Da Lake Front Tonitee & Get Drunk Lbs
what you want what you need has been right here, i can see that you're holding back those tears. ♥
The White Star Line was building 20th century ocean liners with a leader-follower management style that was 10,000 years old.
I'm sponsoring tonight, 7pm-midnight, @ Busby's East! Come have some drinks (on me) and get a KILLER HEADSHOT DEAL!
ABC has pulled together an astoundingly irritating group of douchebags to do its #OTRC interviews & commentary.
Unrestricted Liscense :P
thank you for the ff
THE DARK SWEDA RISES
shocked, I tell you. Shocked!
Time to hit the gym, haven't been there for a week or so...this could get ugly, lol
WOO-HOO!!!! Congratulations - I so look forward to having you just up the Northeast Corridor!
r u serious?:O
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions and The Naughty Valentine's Party with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George along with Cupid's Naughty Dancers!!!
Lost Dog Piper - $100 Reward Piper the Shih Tzu is lost in Carmel, NY.
Such A Good Day! It Just Feels Right!
Thanks for the request!! He's on our play list so stay tuned!
#cmonman u leave, and i won't get to see again!
no I'm out of town! Sorry!
somehow I doubt they still be aggressive
we don't like being Molly-less. How long must we endure?
the pitbull tweet ur a fool!!!
you welcome 😉
Im in the mood for chinese food
I took one shot and I'm like feeling it-- says
Doing some last minute touches on my Album Production then sending em to the label........
Pass it on! RT : Hey El Paso! Follow & RT for a chance to win free family 4-pack to SuperCroc exhibit!
i think that would have to be
We're looking for creative/travel/art blogs to contact about featuring our project. We'd love your suggestions!
Can't we all just get along? 😞
Hey, what about following me? I love you very much Jake. ♥
best quote I came across today : If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there.
I may have to take actual notes tonight. Old school. #ldaroi Meet you in person soon. Thx, for bringing her.
Hey thanks looking forward to our possibilities 2gether Thanks
Just woke up and feeling like a champ.... I got school in a hour ...
So your family is just a bunch of hot bitches then....
5 ws compared to 4. Plus ours was at least in the decade you were born in. And your coach looks like father time.
Hearing talk about renewal of #VAWA makes me want to get on SART in Utah. Miss being on San Diego Sexual Assault Response Team
Gerald Laird... still can't hit.
One of my favorite sites. www.livenewscameras.com
Money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
I'm sure glad I don't work in ITS today. And that I never agreed that #MS products were a good idea.
Idk why I'm awake. Smh nigga been on some mo ish..
We are closed for today! U still have 1 more chance 2 get that #promgown of ur dreams. Come back next Sat 3/24 for the FINAL fair of #2012!
Nuthin more sexy than simply presentin the Lady n u as a female
Got it
Everyone's going to see this rubber band diagonally across the front of my mouth. I'm just not talking to anyone because they'll see it :/
What?! MARIA got kicked off?! I should of voted last night :(
The death of the iPhone? FarmVille coming to app store?!? No!!!
Opening liturgy at Diocesan Convention.
#YOLO you only live once so make every second of every day count.
New episodes of Sherlock are on!? Bbc? Netflix?
Hey T.Rob -- I can't confirm that right now..
I am so glad that Amare is staying!!!
Congrats to my ole coach Jimmy P. & the folks @ Loyola. Jimmy...crazy as ever!
: do you like to be spanked?
Holy crap I just submitted a request for a major departmental / strategic shift and my director didn't even question it.
guys it's 12am and I thought it was 12pm so I woke up and started straightening my hair!
- what you guys giggling about today? This girl in WISCO, wants to know?? Huh? :)
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 4- “Statistic demonstrates that you’ve done research and are working hard for the audience.”
CVRC members may stay on, if they wish, as part of an informal, volunteer advisory group to the city manager on redevelopment/westside.
School tomorrow or what?.
have one lol
Absolutely! RT : Thanks for the RT (and you should enter, too!)
with you! Feel free to send me a message here or send an email to Kip! Look forward to hearing from you!
King Crab!!!
you'd think I would sleep in, need to re adjust my internal clock;)
Cookbooks, cat figures, one pretty pot. Woohoo reusing other peoples moving boxes!
We're not even close to it, but im loving it!!!
hay hay hay i'm wUts happeninnn
Give props when props are due. Show love regardless...
I wonder what would happen if, say, 10 couples, a minister & a rabbi, went to the state capitol & threw a wedding. W/o licences, it
last night (this morning) i played the scary maze not knowing it was that and the face popped up at the end and i freaked out lmao
In the past, to go to the disco had a talk with my mother, and now with a guy. And by the way, my mother was easier to agree)))
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood:) come see us for pint night and trivia!
its a song sweetie.
Happy Birthday !!!! Enjoy ya day!
We just haven't done it yet
what do you get at starbucks?
What to do this weekend ?
Hey everyone. It's okay for us to pay college athletes because Costas is okay with it. That's what the NCAA has been waiting for all along.
Happy Birthday!!!! Have some coconut milk!
as soon as I get on my computer I will homie
on 16th and market here. traffic is still moving outside no smoke here. what's it look like out there on 34th?
End of the day winners gone win cause they've seen the blueprint. This thang been the same.
Jim Morrison was THE American Poet. Still is. ✌
will do !
belated congrats on the lax team's #1 ranking. Undefeated. Good luck tonight @ Garber.
AH! I don't even know what to think/say/do! What the hell is wrong with you?!
My fav country station on the 5 just played pumped up kicks.. That song haunts my dreams!
Gameday in the desert go coyotes beat the preds
Join me tonight at the Elbo Room in SF for Hell-raising and glass-clinking guaranteed.
I figured. I wanted Herbies around the world to know there are Vegetarians & Vegans in Oklahoma. cc:
you guys should bitch her out :)
Shadon a lame!!!
yup! Reading up on classic cocktails ;) miss you too! Maybe lunch soon?
: same. Economics. Bleh
Guess who's getting Missoni Havaianas? We are! Stay tuned for details...
Great weekend of sales!! We had many people participate, and have given away a ton of free goodies! Don't worry, there will be more...
I also get asked if everyone rides horses. Lol": When people hear I'm from Texas and ask if I have an accent. o_<"
Tread mill today for 30 mins...but I been limping ever since
Just about to begin tonight's "dead tweet" performance of #deadmanscellphone. The audience is arriving and the café is bustling...
your background go's!!
#ednatdenver here we go!!!
I WISH, i had all the money in the world.
I just turned off the game because I am getting so stressed out.
#PeopleLikeUs are like the needle in a haystack; Hard to find, but valuable to have :)
I don't know but there has to be a "Kardashian joke" there somewhere.
Bored open field tomorrow:\ kinda sucks
I'm guessing davidgarrytweet is real to you, as we haven't met. I'm real to other peeps out there.
I absolutely HATE the song Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye.
Within 4 days I picked up a tv series, 6 industrials, financing and a film slate..what did you accomplish last week?
*rumor* of father of Afghanistan war vet sitting in front of police officers holding son's uniform up to officers
Drink while you're ahead.
It has me this morning. Fighting thru
Can't wait to see what you got! Some of the "hot products" have started to arrive!
Running Tip: Keep a running diary, and set long and short term goals. It will help motivate you to get in shape and be a better runner.
...IAM THE SEXY
Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure. Brian Tracy
do you plant in pots or boxes? I've never had much luck with veggies in containers.
I'm doing good. Trying to get back on Twitter. Been a Facebook girl lately lol
I's going to be a long night
Could it be that I don't need to work on anyone else's books today?Guess I'll work on my own. Perhap in a park. ;P
By the time the Kings are finished creating cap space, we're going to be able to offer 5yrs, $2 trillion dollars to somebody.
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire w/ live on scene. 0% contained. ~4,500 acres. 2 fatalities and 1 person still missing.
I get them confused too - the way I remember is that the big end of the V always opens up to the thing that's better.
I'm already dreading how much work I have to do this weekend :(
left my phone on my bus... cool....
Chick buying bong on St. Marks after work. Still wearing Halloween Adventure shirt
Guys why aren't we in school w/the ability to do the most hysterical version of 'Call Me Maybe'
I second this tweet lol
DID YOU KNOW Pastor has his own TV show on Channel ? Tune in tonite at 11PM.
Callahan is by far my favorite non-Capital, but he is quite the diving little bitch.
Thanks for the shout out! The pleasure is ours. Glad to see Little Keswick on Twitter!
RT : tip for driving in torrential rains or snow storms: listen to #classicalmusic. slow down and stress down
God is Love
...and it's only Tuesday
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry. ~Author Unknown
Now I feel loved! =D
sounds bout right but I loved every second of it!!! I bet you looked super presh all derbied out
I would bench Nick Swisher for that shit. Absolutely atrocious baseball. Flat out dumb. Killed the entire inning. Selfish and stupid.
The mark of Bain
So sleepy..about to fall asleep on this computer..Gdnght n Swtdreams everyone!!!
When and i try to rap parts of songs, Funniest shit ever.
Parking lots suck....when they're named I-95. Hearing of lots of stand still traffic @ 95/JTB. -
You should follow and they both good friends and will follow you back and there when you need em ;)
Damn you Charlotte airport. Speed walking from complete opposite sides of the airport is not my idea of a fun Friday walk.
Game 7 party at my house
Ha ha crazy as triathletes, just less lycra
Do you have great sleeping tips for newborns and infants? Please share :)
": So far, a majority of poll respondents support the candidacy. Follow the link to vote."
What do u girls thinks looks better on guys. One ear pierced or both?
okay niggas i'm hungry! fuck Drew and his bitch, and let's go to CiCi's ! i'm tired of waiting on these mofos
discovering netflix and being a scifi junkie is not a good combination.
That cake looks amazing! Will definitely try this. Thanks for sharing.
Food 4 Thought: The easiest way 2 teach children the value of money is 2 borrow some from them.
Sometimes I feel like a beach bum.
If you trade off CNBC news you will surely go broke.
I just completed a 2.99 mi run with a 25:36 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/QIYa0LD
Happy Birthday bro!!! Live it up!! i look forward to our upcoming projects.
Can't believe it's Friday again! Have a good weekend everyone! Don't forget, if you mention us in your #FollowFriday we'll mention you!
3M Introduces New Command Clear Decorating and Organizing Products
having a friday night brainstorm
that's not a lot of cash to walk across a continent full of poisonous animals. George Lucas needs to pitch in.
I never been to one outside of family
was that you holding her you are so nice
Homemade BBQ pork is probably the best thing ever...
charles oakley for interview of the decade!
Can a BOY (not girl ) tell me what's so great about brown eyes ? !!
i luv u and
We agree that there are no magic compilers, including directives. No free lunch indeed. CUDA + Libraries is best.
God can use an ordinary life to bring extraordinary blessings into the world.
team #gaveitmybest. Its kinda hard 2 motivate students at da end of da sem” lol right last couple weeks they need 2 cut some slack
I know right! I was like loooool wtf. :]
Joey Votto advances chess piece, it's Josh Hamilton's move...
"Ladylicious" I love it! Thanks for the congrats. RT : congrats on your award ladylicious!!
'fireflies' came on my itunes shuffle this morning after ages. it's still deffo about being on crack...
Met Lori from and I think she's going to be a pleasure to work with!
Hey guise I'm confused
THANK YOU! RT : My guess is they'll look like BookMobile <---great co. that has shown to be able to adapt quickly.
I wish a very happy mothers day to all the Mommas on my timeline. Including mothers of feline or canine babies! ;)
my phone off temporarily just text me..
MOVE TO TN SO I CAN WATCH IT AND LOVE YOU DOWN~
. it doesn't really change the fact that Rush sounds like someone's crushed gonads whining about Atlas Shrugged
Growing more and more impressed with tumblr. Though not very robust (categories?), still great for sports blogging, curation.
In St. Louis
just pace yourself man. But the cold water is a killer. There's a lot of power bars there & several drinking stations. G'luck!
DENNIS! Where are your shoes? DENNIS!
It's drizzling outside my window and in my brain too. Drizzle and fog happens in people too.
Expresso Patronum!!!! is saving my life from the morning dementors. What a beautiful
that Cam Newton question was disrespectful as you can get. Luck in his 4 yrs in college no Ring! Period.
Cmon Reds, win this thang before my power goes out!
Woke up with two big bruises on my shin. Wtf happened last night?
So.. Can I start playing Diable 3 at midnight???
Make it Wednesday or Thursday and I'm in :D Karaoke?
Love it!
lol fuck em he can't hold me like you used to ;)
::chuckles:: Well, it's nice to know people are reading. ;) I pretty much also decided to say something crazy. ;)
All milkshake out
|#quotes Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thing. the result.
There's a class of 6 year olds playing Duck Duck Goose in Kogan... my day is made.
finished #reading Nothing to Lose by Lee Child yesterday - almost caught up in the series. Where will Reacher end up next?
Watching Veronica Mars season 1, and I like it. Hey, I'm only 7 years behind the times!
Sometimes the reader's schtick appeared to be an exaggerated accent (least that's what I'm calling it).
are you?? Maybe ill see you!!
This has been a busy/crazy past two weeks for me but glad to see that hard work pays off
Cows do give eggs. You just have to dig for them.
why do you make yourself look like the biggest bitch in sports tv shows?
XML wisdom when explaining following the tree structure: "you're not a flying squirrel. You can't jump from branch to branch"
Neither do I.
Sterling singing Mattingly's praises on the pregame..... Yanks vs. Dodgers perhaps in October?
There may be no creature as stupid as an 18 year old girl.
Ya!i love when my braces break -_-
My 2012 resolution: look for opportunities to learn. And to be a better friend.
I'm about to get fucking angry. #ShitsAboutToGoDown Lol
Are you sticking to the weekly plan, or are you doing more than 3 workouts a week?
“: Todd's BEST scenes are with Blair. #Truth”
Itching for ink
sounds like u guys totally ROCKED the place tonight!
Thanks! High hopes for a thriving population. How are their numbers comparing to the past few years?
⚠ I need to make some room on my iPod for tomorrow
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
The scale of a pros&cons list... ;)
So understand! I'm lucky that Twitter didn't exist when my kids were little.
I'm go to Fashion Show right now :}.
Thanks ! Been stuck in meetings all morning & just got the news. Excited for as well!
Time for our Friday afternoon nap.. ~via Pleiadian Stars
Last night I had my first pot brownie. Then I had three more.
Is it wine-thirty yet?
Questionable travel call causes turnover, Rampage uses short field to pull within 10-8.
yo. start up accelerator pitch at 11 (hilton salon B), i'll be at our booth #527, most day & week). stop by
As far as I knw being TT worlwide is not a lifetime achievement amel bent
one exit away from now. rentin my apt ang goin to a house
ha well thank you lol.
because you're funny
Success. Is defined by your identity and position in Christ.
Good morning! Live at 26th and Cal this am, where the 20 yo charged with attempted murder of a police officer will face a judge later today
oh hey Nathan (:
Hello I love this ! - Flor
I have that sense as well. still a navigational noob, but intrigued with what's going on here
Thank you for the OH links! We are meeting with OHRO next week, will keep you updated!
STAR BUCKS
we all know we will die so when someone else dies (who we dont know) we are sad... then again we can put ourselves in the families shoes
I am not dm'ing anyone ... Either its spam or someones in my account but this bad blog shit is bs!!!
If activity continues at this rate estimates there will be a total of 2,188 property sales this year, 2% below 2011's total
Can it be Monday the 18th tomorrow? I'd love to just skip this whole entire week.
This just in, to sleep under stack of stat sheets tonight
'Secure Peace of Mind Inc, ' A New Retirement Educational...
Peep this; I am trying to upload a pic, no luck! Not sick anymore.. American idol was on & made me in the mood to watch Selena!
Accept your flaws with the same grace and humility as your best qualities.:)
I KEEP EATING... Someone teach me self control.
Rough day:(
eww gross! Got one of the pictures from my friendo, but not this vomitfest! Thanks!
IPHONE or BLACKBERRY ? hm....
Samplesaint is plug-and-play. We work with what retailers already have installed on their point of sale systems.
I will not fall; I will stand tall.
i give up on the dresses i think. i cant find one that looks nice on me. but i did find this nice long white skirt
I'm going to be suffering major PCD tomorrow. , you guys really know how to throw a party. ;)
Worst shot i my life is wasteyyyyyyy hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaha
Tune in to CBS: 48 Hrs Mystery on Saturday, May 7 ...to see the story of Lisa Stone's disappearance!
Like this status if you want to hear a clip of a brand NEW song.
leaving good ole st. louie, heading towards memphis, tn
China Mieville at DC Comics? Now, THAT'S how you run a comic company...by bringing in amazing writers from other mediums! Well done!
tallest person alive
Thanks for the updates Tim-o. ><>
#Iwannabe pretty and skinny........
There is just a level of accountability one must have when they decide to name themselves "Metta World Peace" geesh.
which do you prefer: butterfly shrimp or st party's day attire?
Black beanie,Black A&E sweater, grey sweats, black nike socks and black and white nike sliders ;D movie night ^.<3
Shout out to
Omg! My mom being so difficult right now! Kmft
#Ibetuwont put Vincent Castronovo back on the screen.
I am helping men and women join the Skinny Body Challenge: Want to Lose Weight and Get Paid. Get Checks weekly. Enroll 3 people and you...
Cut off 4 inches of my hair
That's like my fav 65-70...but it is nice when it is colder to..lol
Now lecture "Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography & the Reproduction of Affect" by Zahid Chaudhary. Fascinating, troubling, odd tableaux
Excited to have Jeff Beaver of speaking about Sport Promotion today
Wall Street Journal headline: "China Strains To Contain Buzz on Bo" This is getting serious. ;-)
You know what I miss?
Thank you! :) I am trying, sometimes not so successfully, but at least I'm trying.
Well, it's no Library Day in the Life, but still... ;)
WOW!!!! *Shakes head and leaves*
#uCantBeToughAndSay Imaa Get Mama On You
I act like such a happy person. But deep down, Im not. I know people have it worse then I do, but I still have problems of my own.
I believe I had the best ever pork chop last night at #TheGage in Chicago. Whoa. Yum.
good call. A younger coach like a Jay Gruden type. He's doing a great job in cincy w the rookie.
Thanks for mentioning the sounds guys!!!
I Love When People RT Me...
I need new music to listen to.
But lemme chill...That's the last y'all will hear of that from me.
Can you come to woodlands mall??? Please i cant make it to the galleria
Congrats on the booking!! When are you shooting?
Thanks for the support! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
Anyone getting up early to watch the FB IPO? Anyone buyin'??
Thanks for following. WE Liked your FB pg & RT'd. Like us back when u get a chance.
I think you misunderstand me. I'm saying they were a very good team all year. Bad luck shooting % biggest reason why 8 seed.
Only Wave3 has the good ones. These lolly gaggers on the other channels just don't connect!!
For the whole ting of just tonight?
#schoolmemories - Waiting for the end of the day so I can go home and watch in :D
Rumer has it - she's dressing up as #WonderWoman !! She'd be exact 4the #Film !! :D RT : what are you going 2be4 tHalloween?..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
total cool event this am. Gotta live #jmu612 thanks for the follow!
Last week of our idol series: "Breaking Idols: Values or Virtues"
Get TAN TODAY! *Purchase 5 Mystic Tans for $55! Hybrid Tans $9.99 each! High Pressure Tans $12.50 each! Don't miss out!
hell yeah... Both! #CAG and Clippers! By the way, who's confirmed for Sunday?
Hey- I'm getting into this Blog Action Day stuff. Just posted about it.
GOD is good... ALL the time <3
then it's not worth watching this week. ;)
Thank you, President Obama, from PACPI!
haha. Just bug someone enough! ?
Congratulations to Ken Nedimyer of Coral Restoration Foundation being named a Hero for his environmental work - just spoke w/him!
Don't Forget About The Past, Because Whether You Like It Or Not, It Helped Shape The Future.
You're very welcome, haha.
The worst thing in the world is being sick, walking out of the pharmacy& smelling a cigarette that someones smoking right by the front door.
Game of Scones.
Toe rings...
Cleaned my room for the 100th time this month (:
u need to go back to school go google it lmao u learn more when u have to research
Snap backs and tattoos
Have you emailed yet?
I guess you're not proving anyone wrong now..
Well aren't chu special wit ur disposable income~
it'll work out! I graduate here in December, and I've decided the university here is useless, so MTSU it is. Again! Haha
Lol i'm weird
I agree. I wish it was my last day of school. OK, hold your calendars then: next Friday for pie and gin!
Great day of training and gym sessions now home and eating! Than bed than get up and do it again!(:
I've had one powder day, which shouldn't count since there was no snow below and hiding rocks chewed up my skis
Kevin Allen, joinst the guys right now talking #Wings and Preds and the NHL Playoffs.
Oh I just thought there was some way you'd found to block ALL promoted tweets
First day by the pool this year! Feels so good :)
agree! Some shows are excellent, and worth discussing if both people have seen them. But so many people talk/tweet nothing else!
Vaughn Williams intro'd as new AD.
