Work, mice, homework.... Jeeze what the hell are these weeks coming too lol
Are you looking for a fun weekend activity? Have you been to Portland Saturday Market? It is a fun, interesting place to hang out and...
Trey please, it works both ways. I insist we skype asap! So much catching up to do.
So much for any support I give PSU. And no, that doesn't mean I support child sex abuse.
damn I hate the Yankees but Jorge is the best kind of player there is, humble, and amazing, he's been playing as long as I have lived!!
#JKB Jason Is So Upsetting -____-
Cute! Excellent use of the shallow shelves.
So, my Millionaire episode airs a week from today, April 4th in St. Louis on Channel 11 @ 11am, that's all.
you are so sweet. graduating saturday. woo hoo!!! love you girl. <3
haha, I just posted a pic of the beard.
I laugh when someone says I never have time for them. Lol no, I just dont want to hang out.
Entering tiger talk @ NZP
I resemble that remark (but not in LHE)
Ugh. Car done broked again. Had to cancel class today. I'm sure my students are heart broken.
Many thanks for your support!
hahaha!! That was a fun one to draw!
late lunch and I'm hungry
Use my bracelet for cycling & motorcycling. Would recommend interactive version in place of medic id. Much better product.
all I wanted was to see ya in Knoxville this weekend...guess wishes don't always happen
IT Outsourcing that works for Small Business.
We live in stories.Most of our best conversations are about stories. Stories are a big step sidewise and up from information. via Cluetrain
Is over the Drama & Gossip.. If I wanted to be in melodramatic soap opera, I would of auditioned for "Days Of Our Lives".
yea i do
Any sweet, kind, nice girl want a Boyfriend then just tweet
Creepy as hell.
Oh no I got twatchers!!!!
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL AMERICAN BELIEBERS.
But you won't know unless you give it a try
Reuniting with the Loyola COLLEGE crowd
but Kobe played good. It bynum and gasol y'all need to talk to
NIALL. YOUR FACE = SEX.
just got here and I already wanna go home
way to go!
“ RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.”
How's life? Can we get some followers plleeeease!?!?:))
majored in heartache.
wow!! When do I go to the gym?I I like boxing too for high energy work outs- I wanna be toughie! Haha!!:)coz I'm too softie:))
LOL I got cake, that was enough. ;-) RT happy birthday to my amazing vocal coach ! and i mean HAPPY lady! (lol)
yes to posting pic via twitpic email.
If you're wondering who we are why don't you check out our website fro more info www.wawild.org
Sadly, I've been all wrapped up in other things and I'd completely forgotten the derby until just this moment!
Make that Kent not Kevin ... rough night
yeah that'd be good too
can y'all please stop talkin bout babies... Dudes tuning from ya just Lookin at ya tweets
Almost summer time! Yes! I love summer, beach, exercise outside
My go to Tantric Sex move is the Upside Down Mortgage.
Sending your question to Dan Turner. Let's see what he says. Thanks!
haha thank you<3 and I'm a grandmaO_o
Once Rage Against The Machine comes to play a free concert, I'm there
We are now on Pinterest!
Well sure. But then you are an idealist :-)
haha! I like it! Contracted! GET IT?!
#ItmakesMeHappyWhen i find out she has a twin
Chinese new yr pig out on sesame chicken. Cinco de mayo pig out on tacos. Italian- French Canadians need a day so I can pig out that day too
Happy birthday man!
we da we da best ;D I love you too boo :) #CauseGirlYoureAmazingJustTheWayYouAre :P
Ok i see, You're ballin' rich so you have two homes in CO.
Steve Kroft just said Norquist's strategy had "characteristics of a protection racket". Nice!
My play “Ticket To Eternity” was just accepted into the Midtown International Theatre festival.
No punitive damages? I don't like the precedent this sets for my case against Crocs.
Enough ranting for one day, back to work now
...because how you reacted to that statement is fundamental to how YOU learn.
#sold RT : Ive only been following her for a few weeks, but has quickly become 1 of my favorite ppl to follow on Twitter
did you shatter the frames!?
Jonathan Herrera, the No. 8 hitter, plops one in front of Melky Cabrera, who tries to sell the catch, but it's an obvious trap
Seoul asks UN to add N. Korea entities to sanctions list
we agree! Pre order today and get your hands on one of the first!
Wet disc causing problems for both teams, but #Spinners take a 15-13 lead. #AUDL 9:40 left in regulation
Good night, world! Sweet dreams!!))
#nsn3d was truly inspirational. I have to admit i cried. It was unbelievable.
typical...just got off the phone, forms now in the mail to be signed and notarized, sent back, & new check can be issued! BAH!
I know but I'm in class.
Things are going fine, thanks! How are you?
same here! Looking forward to it!
Oh my God what an amazing day! Surrounded by so much love & many blessings! I cannot believe this incredible man chose me to be his wife!
yo homedawg, since your on right now, would u follow me please(; woo!
Exactly - LOL > I have the same problem with these dirty chics following me to.
48 Hour Film Project is a week away!
I have the best girlfriend in the world.
(sigh) RT : Sources have confirmed that Juan Agudelo has been traded by RBNY to Chivas USA for Heath Pearce & allocation $
Check out #Spreecast to do live, interactive video conversations with MSU men's basketball fans.
hate to butt in but I totally agree. The are one of my favorite bands too. Plus Ben Burnley is smexy.
Attention all Orlando producers, actors, and writers if you are interested in working with a sketch comedy show we are looking for plenty
Great opening keynote speech at the Conference. Now sitting in presentation about mobile apps and devices in classroom.
We continue our #KentuckyDerby Day by watching #Secretariat. You rock
Thank you thank you thank you again for lending me your laptop, I got nothing without my notes.
oh, well then that sucks...:(
Thanks, we hope all's well.
hey Ingrid sending some love your way sweety.
Just took the shortest shower of my life, and was still interrupted, in the middle of conditioning. Fuuuuck.
eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is currently down. Stay tuned …: eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is...
I'm starving
Good news. RT : Homer believes cap will rise from $64.3M to about $69M.
Make sure if you have amplified music, that you cannot hear it from more than 3 houses away, otherwise you could be ticketed
A6: Be memorable by becoming involved outside your job.
Than create s/thing parents, edu, society can say okay...we gt it...this will work....
Keep focus on users' objective, not the interface. -
Beer and chocolate tasting tmrw and we've still got a few spots left. Call 4698148299 to RSVP!!
The actors even mesh with the mise-en-scene (John Hurt waking up) and the Nostromo shots are way more 2001 then Star Wars.
No super moon for me. Just super clouds. And super haze. Super shitty.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight get your ass up & lets go gonna be hott No Cover 5th St and Mill Ave Tempe next to Starbucks Free Shots come on!
Thinking about you before I fall asleep...Good Night guys
hey guys! just getting started. so please be patient you wont regret it! thanks. -Jordan
All I want is Jacob Josefson to be back on the ice cause I miss my adorable little Swede.
As a foodie I thank you.
headed to Lafayette to emcee a father daughter dance!
Haven't RSVP'd yet 4 our Frog's Leap Wine Dinner? Make ur reso & come enjoy an amazing 5 course dinner w/ great wine! C u @ d table!
I really hate the phrase "hunky-dory."
First walk home from work of the season. Nice 7 mile hike through downtown, belltown, queen anne to
It always feels good tying up loose ends! A clean break is so refreshing!
Duke using ImageNow and Jtacq as tools in their ERM workflow management
En Vouge is covering Aretha Franklin and it sounds amazing.
Loving this weather
Think about social as the key platform for new product launches-Paul Dunay, Avaya
I dont see u for a year u come back for one fucking day and try to tell me how to live my life fuck no.!
so proud of you guys follow?
Hi Tiffany, Thanks for the follow! Stuart
I can't wait for #turntoyou purely because I just love my mummy :')
is better than you.
202 reads on my fanfic!? omg im so happy!
I don't support the ideas of Occupy but suport their right to say it, and others rights to refute it.
Awesome stuff right there, Ben. Thank you.
I wonder, if we got enough social media support, if we could convince to let ride in one of the cars..
#FF My Online Sisters Love them <3
and we all know high fives are free. Can't wait to have you back
. Just 10 wave coop action with some objectives thrown in, pretty fun. U can level up characters with each skill set
Wifey just said, "When E is away, we shall play!". Sounds like a long over due date night! #HungerGames here we come! Woohoo!
LMBO, no no... For HIM! Ha! I thought youd like that.
Yeah it really is a beautiful spot!
Great warm and relaxing break at ! Now back to reality of work and school
Love my new Focus but STAY AWAY from they'll toss your credit app around like its a party. They sent my app to over 20 banks,LAME
benches like a girl...but at least I can bench again!
Crazy right?! Watching for first time. ": Watching #gipsywedding. Um old maid at 18?"
Oh nice! Didnt know studio did the #prettypowerful text and likely other things.
Bunion Taping
Being in the car while other people are driving in drivers ed is not fun..
Not at all sure what may be causing our widget not to show up. It's their code!
haha but I would never call you that :)
Great thing about travel to the east coast- everyone here thinks their getting to bed late, but for me it's an hour earlier!
Follow Back.:))
It's time! Kayla has been in labor since about 1:00. Currently at the hospital. We're both running on about 30 minutes of sleep.
You have to catch me first to eat my brains RT : Thanks in advance for your delicious brains.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.-Mother Teresa
just heard this guy two days ago on Pandora after searching for Allen Stone...station also played Halter...new favorite station:)!
Spending the day with my boyfriend today, its long over due.<3
Stop. I'll just plug your nose & put it in your mouth so you have to breath in.. OK? ok.
I've got an angel, she doesn't wear any wings. A<3
we will see
"it's not until we feel distant from the problems, from our usual haunts, that the insight becomes obvious" Jonah Lehrer
Sounders are away today so come catch the game with a cold pitcher of Red Hook No Equal. Game starts at 5:30. GO SOUNDERS!
Just read 's new book, Say This, Not That to Your Professor. Excellent! Think I'll give it out instead of syllabus.
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 4
With only 12 days until we hear those words, "pitchers and catchers report", are you getting the itch for more baseball?
#justbecause he's a #goodman doesn't mean he's the ONE for YOU....
U have a twitter addiction. Calm down MsTechnology
Shoutout Toxic Loin Cloth
Also includes a multiple word or phrase node-centric network feature (NodeTric) instead of focusing on only one word or phrase.
Going to meet Assembly member Jeff Miller's Chief of Staff by myself. Scared. He is on Transpo committee & expanded lotso freeways Orng Cty
That I wouldn't have expected. Good!
I can't help myself
What an AMAZING job ! So effing proud of you!!!!
When am i not ready for a swirl!?
Happy Friday! Find out more about our great marathon at www.monumentalmarathon.com Start training this weekend. You can do it!
ashley I am a big fan of them I am also from La okeii bay
Define "innocuous."
Congratulations! Great news!
The late Amarillo Slim will be recognized at this summer's #WSOP, but no formal plans have yet been made, WSOP says.
#RIP Al Davis
thanks boo ;)
Isnt that what he is?
- Thanks for the mention Dauson! Have a wonderful weekend!
Can't get enough of the sun, the fresh air, and this feeling of renewal all around
How can you learn & grow when you never step out to try something new and exciting? There is never a lack of resources, only a lack of ideas
Chicken rice bowl
Where have you been all my life? :3
Its gon be a sad day in boxing when all we have is cats like Chad Dawson left. #SMH He need to take that MMA shit over to UFC.
thanks.. ill tell yu how it went..
Austin Real Estate is Really heating up!! I can help you keep your cool while getting the hot deals - message me for more!
enough is enough with this guy . hang em up RT : Lol, hopefully. RT : Is Favre's career over?
Somebody anybody stuff me in there suitcase for sb so I'm not here.
When a girl finds out she's attractive really ruins her.
Forcing myself to eat even with no appetite because I hate getting hungry at 11pm!
the story of my life
Today is the last day to view Pierre Gonnord : Relatos at Hasted Kraeutler
Looks like I'm changing. Smh
Ahmed: People need time to change. They must overcome years of misinformation
Dr. Bingham will be honored at 7 p.m. in the Michael D. Rose Theatre in an event free and open to the public!
God is good thank you for the blessings dear lord...I will continue to triumph over the cowards that I despise...
It was really fun :) danced to a bunch of songs and stayed until midnight lol I'm glad you're still around :D
Ha, we also wish more people knew growth = change / ORIGINAL number! Harder to achieve growth after reaching certain levels!
it don't take 2hrs to cook some porkchops hurry up mom I'm hungry ! ! !
Thank You
Plenty!! Smith Cuvee, Method Noir, 2 Holiday Blends, gift boxes, taster's sets and more. Best shopping in town.
meteor shower happing
Hey, guys. Thanks for checking us out. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Glitter Girls Big announcement. We are sealing the deal NOW!
Quality time with tonight >>>>
10minutes of walking= A great workout
I got some 20inch hammers for a peugot...if u know anybody
praying that when gets famous that he won't forget about who really cares about him and his youtube like justinbieber did.<3
I can read your mind... Muah hahaha
« these #What2ChainzWouldSay got me weak af .»
Who wants to go see American reunion tonight
I gave a stripper a hot-pacho once, and was forcefully removed from the premises.
LeBron the best
Two minute drill y'all. I need a little Lagniappe!
I finally get to watch a Brewers game today!!!
Can really name a rubber chicken Camilla and send it out in space to study a solar storm -_-
Where Did We Go Wrong.. Dondria
hit my follow button And i will hit the vote button
First time I read it I missed the stat that more int'l than US students were employed last year. That's really interesting...
rring my house phone then?
I'm saying is why tf would you wana go back
What I found disturbing was notion that one should take only courses one finds valuable. Any degree program will have ...
it's a shame how some people live for the moments to try to suck the life out of others ..
Those digital speedometers on the side of the hwy are meant to challenge you to beat the score of the guy in front of you, right?
Attending SugarCon this year? So are we! Come by booth #117 and learn how you can grow your business with customized CRM
created new song "Darling" tonight (recorded improvised live)
To connect with great people like the ones here at
so I can prep and actually bake something good this weekend for it!
Let HR be a state of mind, not the reason your mind is in such a state.
Anyone else notice their almond milk looks like it curdles in their coffee? Tastes yummy, looks yucky!
Back in Texas. But I found my calling: Mountain Writer. It almost doesn't even matter what I write anymore. Almost.
T-shirts is a really innovative way to express the real you, your thoughts, your ideas, etc
American Idol Viewing & Voting Party TONIGHT at . The fun begins at 5pm. Bring your family & cheer Jessica on!
Jealous.. I should have gone to the Beach too :(
m salted dust salad
Crazy! How could anyone be upset with you about writing about that? People are so self-centered. I hope you feel better soon.
Afraid or not paying attention? Have to admit my head in sand 'til last yr when WI hit hard. "Can't happen here"
First show airs this Saturday night immediately after SNL. Set your dvr. My head looks enormous on TV!
It's not easy bein' breezy!
This okc and laker game is crazy
i am on stickam shuffle trying to promote this band of ours
What’s your favorite scenic overlook in RVA? The Belle Isle pedestrian bridge and Oregon Hill overlook both provide fantastic skyline views.
Depends on one's viewpoint, my friend. We r touching on some socio-economic issues w/this one!
“: I just learned that beer donkeys are a thing.” wtf?!?
Albeit belated ... But Happy Walter Jones Appreciation this last Monday (4/30)!
YAY! You're leaving? I think you are bad for "real" PDX reviews. BYE!
Whatever you do is a matter of choice so never blame anybody for your failure.
Structures and processes have been identified through the research. Cultural context will be very key according to Dr. Levinson.
I lied and told VonVon I was ready. I have to freshen up. Lol.
Talkin fav & worst hotels w & , Rmbrin W hotel acted like it would make up for its issues & never folwd thru.
i need sleep. wish this lil fuck would cover my shift
i hate
one of the most amazing songs I've ever heard. I hope keeps his promise :)
Charisma is an energy that attracts people to you! RT : How much does charisma play a role in achieving success?
RT: “: A great nights work put in on our bylaws by our elected officers. Next all post meeting on 04MAR”
Happy Valentines Day! Finish this sentence...My all-time favorite romantic movie is _______. Mine is 'Gladiator'. Huh!?
ah, you can barley see the background. but you can go to my last tweet & look at it((:
hey bro :)
It's funny how dogs and cats know the inside of folks better than other folks do, isn't it? - Eleanor H
time on you tube. Very Very Uplifting (which i have needed) Thank you.
AND they should give out ONE pair for a random twitter handle!!
There's your coach. All the plays are just that beard yelling at Boozer's Lego Man haircut to be aggressive.
I would totally do a thing with you sometime if you wanted. not sure what kinda knowledge you'd want dropped.
Friday night treat
Table data and mobile layouts just do not mix.
"YOLO means doing something that matters" omfg give me a fucking break xD
I love watching MythBusters, lots of explosions.
keep thinking that rhought.
I need a theme song.
What do think of making your event's evaluations public?
Chilled Saturday!
Thank you so much! We couldn't do it without people like you!
Considering not showing up for my SOLs..
these allergies got to go.
Shit thats more likely u u kno more bout prison than me and u always come out smiling!
At least cu basketball starts soon.
Going hard is a given...
Thanks for the blog post tweet
maybe I'll just come down and play acoustic for you :)
novel has pynchonesque historical track abt history of the accounting spreadsheet and its various, slavery-related innovations
Watching a movie about a killer sperm..
Rush Hour 3 is ON! :)
Happy #summersolstice everyone! Longest day of the year!
#goldrush that teaser for next week #What ?????
oh cool while waiting to see a doctor, i am being serenaded by the receptionist as she sings and whistles along to all star by smash mouth.
Blunts+Bitches= Jacuzzi..
Dinner special tonite is a Shrimp Po' Boy with Cajun mayo and side for 6.99. Open til 7pm, go Jackets!
Then just to spend 4 hours with her again
Who's going to the Internet Marketing Party tonight in downtown San Diego? I'll be there! Let's connect tonight!
I've got issues if Rick Ross - Hustlin' has been stuck in my head all day.
I cannot wait 2 your summer collection is out in stores...July 15th! :D
ne-yo Libra Scale Release date : November 22 2010
Good start to this week lets keep it goin
I know, right! I have seen many a man scream like a girl seeing a spider! lol
Following Keebler Elves on Twitter is about as idiotic as "Liking" Ford on Facebook.
Had an amazing weekend & even saw the new Muppets film, which I love! Have a great Monday everyone! I love you all!!
HI LOVE BACK SIGUR pretty ok
I think it's time to clean my heart out!! You know who you are!!
I just earned the Nighthawk badge on #Yelp!
Looking forward to another great day of training with
Just watched the latest touch down, running in my minds eye! Go Trojans, Fight On!!!!!!! Traveler
Thanks again everyone for the Birthday wishes. It truly means who my friends are even if i don't talk to you anymore..
Where's ?
Wilsons hot tamales makes you jolly
We just got it! Thanks for taking the time to send us an email. A follow-up to your response will arrive shortly :)
congrats!! Still think he should be a golfer though.
Oh baby! You're makin' my mouth water.
": let me borrow some of that money y'all always seem to have lol"ii yea we r swimin in $$
“: New cube at work has a much nicer view... it actually has a view unlike the cave I used to work in. >> Nice view! A VP view.
I need a hug
Sweet Dreams
Facebook just recommended Brian Zoubek as a possible friend of mine... given our mutual history, I can't say I agree. Nice try, Zuckerberg.
my badd dawg im mad ashyt i wasnt up for the wake n bake smh
#ShoutOut to the class of 2012.
Hey, babe! Finally seen your mention! LOL! Trying to check Twitter often now. X
Commissioner Michelle Spence-Jones, Attorney Roderick Vereen, along with Hip-Hop Artist Briscoe will be at #1000Strong4Trayvon !!!
I'm watching too Missa! :)
Is it me or does Craig Sager dress like a brutha?
super excited now!
Well, not to rub it in but Sporting KC remains undefeated Vancouver friend.
As an AD I received it in an email from West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission I will research for you
Thomas Jefferson
"Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life ♥"
Cheers to the weekend!
Mike is an ideal client. I plan on photographing him too. It will be interesting to see how different our shots come out :)
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!!
hanging in Birmingham tonight from 6-8 at Harps for Bras Across Birmingham. Buy a paper bra for $1 for making strides against
Automatik...dancing mekanic. We are the ROBOTS.
RT : Writing, to me, is a kind of sanity. ANNE ENRIGHT
Last day of fall quarter classes! Good luck to all of our students studying for finals & don't forget to step outside for some vitamin D :-)
Tell your friends to follow Indy Reads and volunteer to help make Indy 100% literate! Come to a Volunteer Orientation soon. Call 275-4040
I don't get out the bed until I have a destination
Off to a good start! Need to keep it going =)
do you also blog? Incase you are interested we are opening a blog area for nature enthusiasts
don't c u
EVA's next meeting is this Sat. May 7th!!! The Pesky Passive in Writing w/ Ottilia Scherschel @ Azusa Public Library. Hope to see you there!
Need a trainer in LA? I'm your man!
BUT WHY WOULD YOU JUST BE LIKE "oh my hand slipped THROUGH MY EYEBALL while eating" IT DOES NOT DO THAT YOUR HND DOESN'T JUST SLIP
Shout out to for the show he put out here in the 210 this weekend
Land Rover shows off convertible concept Evoque and DC100
BioDeodorizer gets rid of odors by digesting their sources, utilizing friendly bacteria that eliminate organic wastes.
I am TORN what to TUNE to! Bentwave or Innamissions Radio BOTH are AWESOME!
you're so lucky. I have to take 4 this year.
and dipset are going to 4th & B in San Diego.
Thank you so much! I can't wait to get it...I am in fact about to leave for band practice at age 31 :) Great designI will wear it proudly!
im sorry if i cant understand your tweets guys! i only speak english, but i try my best to translate and understand! ♥ much love peabodies.
I'm totally feeling the same way about the smoke and the drought!
it's tru CO is fab all over!RT : Our tweeter has returned from a week in the fab towns of & !
Galaxies was great but i'm talking table-top RPG though. Ultra nerdy but some of the best times ever.
hahaha --- I pick out my outfit in my head, in the shower haha
Police officers in the information center tonight taking crime stoppers calls on #shoplifting. 303-698-0999 until 10:30.
See ?! Toldja --> “: thanks for the weather forecast shout out. :) here it comes!”
A friend i have in God and bless i am
Will the Monumental Marathon be your first Marathon? Will you be running your first Half Marathon? Tweet and let us know!
ha ha that would be awesome as long as you don't wear a uniform lol
thought you may find this interview with CEO aspirational. Please RT:
same, here. can't wait!
Aye aye captain!
Dessert time?
Quinoa Keenwah ~ Wht fabulous Foodie! Versatile:Noodle (think Mac n Cheez w Peas or Goulash), Cereal (w Soymilk & Raisins), Smoothie, Casser
Hey Terps, keep up that high you're getting from the good weather and go give blood! Nyumburu Cultural Center till 4. Plus, I'm there! :D
be sure to take a picture of it and tweet it :)
Wisconsin currently riding a 14-2 scoring streak, head into the timeout with great energy.
thanks Lane!
Viaje cigars are now in stock at our Washington, DC store
“: catchin some z's in the library?” you interrupted my REM cycle Baby G
Good Morning Taylor
Honestly, everyone's ink this week looks good.
that clearly hits Barmes' hand. Bad call.... wait... now Barmes stays... WTF is going on
Beta testing our new website, feel free to email us at if you're interested!
we're gonna get so wasted
Hey friends! Come hang out & support local musicians @ The Auxiliary Art Center open mic tonight (3012 W.Belmont #Chicago) 9pm-1am
: Posted you something special to commemorate your big 1K...CONGRATS...let's chat soon.
Yeah :D I hate the company but they have the best artists
#SomePeopleShould shut up
I have mixed feelings on this lol. On one side ew/weird on the other, I want to test this myself now..
This time next month I'll be sitting on the beach with ! #hurry #needavacation 🌴☀🌊👙
Hey Can You Follow Me??? Please :)
can i sing red cup with you guys june 13? didnt get to last time!! <3
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." - Henri Bergson French author, mystic, & philosopher
You see, after all that hard work and practice U made it to Carnegie Hall.I am so Frikikikiki proud of you! Love you ♥
Reminiscing about spring break with ❤ can I get a reeeefilllllllll?! SOMEONE GET THIS BITCH A REFILL!
Dollahan 8-1 in the Running for the Roses. Need to get the Daily Racing Form but I do like those early odds.
I hope you do it, if you do, seek out support via blogs/social media-very helpful/educational.
MY FAV SONG OFF THE WE ARE THE STREETS ALBUM
Still amazing to me that "Gucci Giant" is one of Baltimore's biggest in-jokes.
Thanks for the follow. I always need a laugh and look forward to reading your work. Like the quote idea.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess. Because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king
camping out tonight at Wal-mart and has my eye on the pize for you CD lol wish me luck :)
Moss and Davis deep = Crabtree 100 catches
Only two and a half months until Christmas! We could be a great gift to your favorite lawyer!
my pleasure :)
Attempting to find a way back to NJ sooner than the next avail flight ... which is Thursday.
RT : “: apparently they have the same seats here as at Dreamforce #uncomfortable #CloudforceNYC” <So true!
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy. If you are disorganized, your business would be disorganized.
Yes, please!! Would love to connect. is one of my favorite models.
Chico passed last night :'(
Really Dickie V?
Sure there is RT : There's nowhere else I'd rather be :)
having to type with god awful shorthand text talk when you run out of room for your tweet.
post them!!!
so good
Quick Hangover Cure: Bacon and Ketchup Sandwich, sounds gross, but works like a charm
Why am I always so sleepy...
Well, that deodarant definitely doesn't work.
Saw cards at the store & wanted to send them to all my loved ones! #EllenRTme day 171
Dreading getting up in a couple hrs. I just wanna sleep in!!!!
good crowd
United gave me a middle seat on a 4 hour flight, southwest is so much better...missing la already!!!
awesome! both are solid- just depends on what style you're going to use it for most. though if it were up to me- vox all the way.
Awesome me too! We can be committee n00bs together! Congrats on graduating by the way! Now go read for fun.
I think false? I have no bottom wisdom teeth, and my front teeth have shifted.
FUN FACT: May is National Masturbation month... have fun!
This is gonna be such a great year! :)
?????????? was i talking bout her or somebody else cuz im pretty sure its not u
thanks so much!
Randy Mosher is making us drink tainted shlitz!
can't wait to hear! Chocolate makes pretty much everything better.
Just as long as Giants win haha
I #BELIEVE in he is my idol I love him so so much!!
speak softly and carry a big stick "theodore roosevelt"
oh btw how were those lovely pictures you saw in pe? (;
Cant wait til I gett a new phone!
Rondo just went from Hero to Goat
#ReasonsToSayAmen when you're satisfying your food cravings :D
breakfast klub wings and grits = culinary masterpiece. more please.
best friends who try to get with your exes.
RT : Mega Good is so sexy!!!// Mega? Lol
RT!: Thoroughly enjoyed today's #cincyAMA luncheon with
By George, I think you've got it.
We are looking for some fun, easy going,& energetic people to join our exclusive Roundup Crew promo team! Think u have what it takes?
Sir why do have on a north face 😳
Yep only had one that started 5 minutes ago, but brain didn't cooperate after Avengers.
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime are the lyrics by
Come see Ahead of Their Time ! 37 teens whose work makes me embarrassed by that time I took 2nd place at 4H for a dot painting.
I was #4 at my polling place at 7:05. Was the first to use a passport as ID though.
um..... LOVE your blog
Go Bulls! RT Ready for DA BULLS game tonight!!
Thanks to you!
KNOCK ON WOOD
RT : #20ThingsAboutMe I love to sleep.
Excellent spot on MJ. Well done!
Cavs appear to have just rolled over and died...no life left in them...,
Yea that's pretty effed up lol. It would be better if they lied and said "Have u lost some weight?". Lol
cant wait for taco bell day Friday i'll be there for lunch with and
The way I love the main ppl I chill with everyday after skool! >>>>>>>>>>
I don't care what people say; I still think Adam Sandler is funny.
RIP Nick Collins
said this today, "they're pulling public content to build a back-linking website. what they'll get from this? who knows. it's russians"
A key part of bus models is to know what level of profit drives away your customers or creates a safe haven for greedy men.
thx for RT! and for ftw12 tweets! hope it's an awesome day!
i never took credit for it, just said camera was awesome.
Basketball gives me bad blisters
Calling all Realtors! Do you have any properties that need lots of work/rehabbing? If so, let's chat.
yes yes yes yes yes yes
Agree with all of that. THIS election is about money and influence. Sadly not, common values.
Tough life! Tweet us some nice photos.
Charge #iPhone so I can lay it down
In months to come, we're looking to spread the word about the #librarian pub crawl in May - what would you suggest to get msg out?
I believe the line is, "How you livin, Biggie Smalls?" Yes, that's correct. Stupendous!
What's everyone doing for your New Years Eve ritual???
Apple Earbuds: the best earphones $1 can buy!
Why did you do that? Ugh no ):
haha i know we will have to remember for sure
Too many good tweets to RT them all, just follow them
hell yeah you do
I love Ture religion on ny booty
"Bye little child thing go back to your Barbies and make-believe world..." I would have been like, "YOU'RE TOO YOUNG FOR ALL THIS~"
You know who I think is/will be comparable in the US? Beyonce.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute
very stupid!
Working with such a nice young man in the #Netherlands today developing a website.
< im already following her
listening to some Devo :D Whip it
Number 2 pencils were the best in the trilogy
Jerry Jones needs a GM. It sure is fun watching "America's Team" crumble.
Everything is not meant to workout, better things await.
"uh, chicken alfredo"
Not great - hoping for a better outcome tonight
Blake is back on!!
#MyBiggestFearIs Giving up on myself
Drakes eyebrows vs JColes eyebrows the long awaited battle who will win
Ha, maybe so! At least something for #FeBREWary #Brewers RT and a Braun jersey tomorrow?
Cena is really moving up on the promo/ether
thanks for following!<3
I like that attitude!
let me ride
Why is my TL dead? O.o
My whole life is yours. I give it all; surrender to Your name.
followed, plx follow Back :)
go get em Nate!!
"Do not be despondent on account of misfortune: there cannot be sesame oil without the crushing of sesame seeds." ~ The Panchatantra, India
Love me some #ForensicFiles but tired of the reruns. You can't tell me there aren't enough crime stories to produce new episodes.
That was awesome!
#DYK "By age 4 the avg child of a welfare fam has heard 13 million less #words than the avg child in a working class fam." -Betty Hart, 1995
thanks for following me. Feel free to check out my music Thanks!
trolling the internet watching collaborative art vids, researching music, and making playlists on last.fm, and it's all for #homework!
Great work! Wish you would have used a 3M Multitouch Monitor... how many touches can you accept?
I know how you feel, without chuck I might not have ever stayed on twitter!
Facebook and Twitter are still incommunicado. It's like an embargo.
It was a joke! Don't tell that, though.
If you get a chance check us out (we're being filmed live) this morning on KCRA at roughly 730am and 9:00am. #Excited !
Our Insane Offer with 1-800-FLOWERS.COM goes live in 50 minutes! First 100 to redeem the offer will get it!
Well Bishop Arts is fantastic, Deep Ellum is also a cool area, Knox Henderson hood is fun. Hope you have a car
Off with their heads!
So they can jot down notes to help them remember which prezos were which. And b/c the papers don't come out for a long time
why can't i stop thinking about this? ...
You may get there in a longer period of time, but it will be the set time and you'll be safe.
I'm closing tonight and I never got a text! :(
Earboob: When a woman leans down to hug a guy or seated male, and his head turns to the side in expectation of the embrace. Ear-to-boob.
ha! I saw that & had same thought. Kraft Table is on 1st & Boyle.
I always smell like 15-20 different types of perfume by the time I leave church. I'm a hugger
Hahaha!! Just because you love it doesn't mean we all do!
it's retarded.
Made through the border smoothly! Playing the dugout in Windsor tonight!
Theres a damn wasp in my room..
new favorite show THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!!!!!!! Watched it all night long
Taking a nice blue hue
Really wish wouldn't send me a 35% off email, then have issues with their website.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view. ~Ralph...
Special treat to the 1st person to find the Easter egg :)
Getting the girls' nails done for prom
Thanks for following have a beautiful weekend!
thanks man!!
tea tree oil
SO sorry for your loss. Prayers and thoughts go out to you and your family.
Emma Stone is awesome. She looks amazing - love her eye make-up! And, I love the bow!!!
Hahaha My boy came through and killed both and
lol yeah go pats.
!! RT Dear - your new registration/paywall system means people can't tweet a lot of articles. Seems self-defeating
I'm obsessed with owls. Thanks for sharing. :)
i find it quite amazing how knows me so well.
Hi Tom! All is good...have been crazy busy. I'll be checking in more and stirring it up! :)
thanks for the love!
true, very true. I'll still take a 7-2 road trip all day.
Another week-end almost gone. Where does the time go?
I love !!!! please come to Louisville and do a show at the connection nightclub!!!!
saw them at the Mezz in SF 2-3 years ago...one of the funnest shows! everyone should go!
It seems like Christmas came a little too quick this year....
haha it would make sense. i wouldnt be suprised if she was just going "HI" though lmao
"Hire people who are better than you are - you're darn right!" T. Boone Pickens. Not new advice but good to hear every day...
#seafoam and Storm Surge created by
hm.... I wonder who that was toward :/ #shade?
With my mind on my money and my money floating around in the lining of my jacket.
dude you have no idea, and since most of the people here are pretty awesome you'll probably be one of my besties
I don't know what I'd do if I wouldn't have found him<3
:DRT : When asks me what she should wear :')
Franz Josef Glacier, New Zealand! A glacier amidst a temperate rain forest and a unique ecosystem not found anywhere else.
attend what? Lol.
Give #God a glorious #praise for everything He has done for you! With out Him we are nothing!
New DLC for #MW3 coming Jan for Elite users 1st one of the maps is called "park"
Brooks Custom e-newsletter is out. If you want to see the latest #countertop and #design trends, DM you email address!
My #victories happen daily..I call them #miracles -- Amy Dawn Pitre ()
Given your praise for McCrary, can we expect to see him in the 150 soon?
*Grabs Pop Corn ^_^*
Mister Taco should not want pizza.
RT : DJ's, If you have a child that's at least 10yrs old & they don't know who James Brown is, You have failed.
Nusbaum supporters you only have 8 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Powerful way to remind friends/family to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
Alternatives to capitalism? Shift to 'market socialism' marry profitable activities with human needs.
Morning in Cañon City meeting volunteers, putting up signs, and on the radio. Now on to Salida. Why so many miles?
People think their beliefs are grounded in logic, whereas they most often are based on emotions.
Damn most of my Time line is pissed at Lebron hahaha
Nice shoot today.
Advice for thos who just finished school like me. Sit back and relax. Read the NYT. Watch TV. Go out. Work out and drink more water !
you can tell me that in the next three days!
CRUIse ON THE HILL
Christmas songs yep
yeah i saw it on the other tweet. not sure what those various flavors are but i want them all.
we love u! X X X
haha! I didn't thread my eyebrows do there's enough hair for the crabs to chill on o____O
#np "Daykeeper" by The Foreign Exchange. Might be my new favorite Pandora Station.
can we all park our cars directly across the street from the neighbors house
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm short, I listen to some "Ghetto shit", I have mad trust issues, I'm cheesin' 24/7, I'm in a long distance relationship
I speak from the heart! No fabrication
Ha, glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
i agree:)
Lightning Bo/" ;(
Wait never mind! #Indians is not televised got excited
wishing the toes and you well tomorrow. :)
Seriously though, you're on that stalker shit now >.> stop doing everything I do
I can wear my mean and cranky hat (or at least my snarky lapel pin) if won't oblige
Happy Mothers Day to the mothers!
Get It Gone Estate Sales is buying a Box Truck for deliveries. I hope it holds up!
A St Supery 2006 Malbec as well as a sparkling wine to be determined
Bunch of simps everywhere I look smh
Nope! We did the eca
There are a lot of "Oh" moments when you're listening to
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in 1945 & left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
That's interesting! How long have you been writing this way?
I'm so glad that I serve a savior that is ALIVE!!!
Are they live tweeting panda coupling?
So excited for
It feels so good, to get rid of the extra clutter and do a little spring cleaning, even if it's in October
just if you like it or not retarded lol
#Clemens trial starting late today. Judge wrapping up hearing on another matter that's going over.
had a great night w you too!!!! <3
Dude keeps repeating "I'm a psycho" & asking for money for weed. We can't get the mic from it! It's MADNESS! It's Big Fish on the beach!
follow back
I totally forgot to post today's #trackoftheday. It will return tomorrow, I promise.
Cabbage Patch kids and Nascar? Find out the connection...plus all you need to know about the Memorial Day weekend - this morning on 10TV!!
Great workout then did some water arobics, my sister knows how to do it.
haha awe :) I love both you girls <3 can wait till the new season starts in June
who and when is gonna be the the commitment to join Harrow for class 2012?? Go Big Blue!!
what app did you download? 
Extraordinary things, happen to extraordinary people. <3
Probs. Does this mean you're seaside at College?
I can't beat this funk I'm in today... I'm off my game and it sucks.
Follow our founder & CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
It's our pleasure Quincy!
: that's not a happy event to attend.
Or more.
um, what's this front row thing in the MS area?
Google Penguin Web Spam Algorithm | Ahyari Network
Ready for 3:30 because then my brothers girlfriend won't be here:D yay! And my girlfriend will be!!
I had a christmas! All of my presents were justin Bieber based!
Million Marijuana March L.A........who's going?
yeah that was awesome man...really cool guy
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today (11/22) to BET's 106 & Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
Hey Thanks For The ReTweet!
Congrats to all !
!YES COACH! Another TAKE? Thank you.
Bummer Dudes and Dudettes, I think the storms are going to keep us from opening today...
Braun last week at Petco and Josh tonight, more proof of global warming....
thanks for the follow I really like your site it looks like you do great work.
I could really use a quadruple espresso right now :-(
The secret to success is having a clear target, knowing what it is you're going for.
The Bostonian is such a raging example of why no one likes Boston fans.
Sprint pit crew challenge tonight at 8pm ET on !
Show at Casa Vicente in 45 min.....see you there!
true enough.
Oh come on, how could anybody not want you? Er, to help. TO HELP.
I question my sanity when I have a Country song stuck in my head.
Tracking guitars
Thanks Seb. I updated the post with the proper link. Congrats again an awld.js , it makes lots of this more real!
Benfield Blvd at I-97 - reports of bus driver having a medical emergency - USE CAUTION
nigguh do ya think I got duh money for dis shit I spend all ma dollas on your cheap ass it's about time you pay me.
I can't believe how much spam there is on Twitter! Ugh
Welcome! & I know right, he just kills me. He's perfect!♥
More about this Robber. A "Central Park Mugger." 2 prior felony strong-armed robberies in NY's Central Park. He was probated there.
I know I'm special
I emailed you, not one person has called me back, so PLEASE at least look at my email. Canceled flight with no refund?
I can't remember the last time a Friday morning crept along so slowly. Where is the weekend?
yeah it looks like you are in quite trouble!!! you better find out what your going to do!
ah when it rains it pours.. and when good things happen, they don't stop. Lots of excellent opportunities presented today! :-)
I wish I could just teleport to you.
I love how I just locked myself out of my hotel room fmllll
w00t! just bought our Beer Fest tickets for tomorrow night! :)
not even real film celebrities have someone de-lint them. blah.
Ben & Jerry's: the miracle cure to all!
Rise and shine! A beautiful Monday awaits us.
bought a pink snapback today. Gotta cure that
3rd party candidate could still steal enuf votes from Mitt & Obama to save the cart from the ditch. Outside the Box
#Heineken & presents 'Contagious Behavior' this Thursday w/ alongside at SET Nightclub |
It's very nice on the patio tonight! Love this weather.
Sunday Services at 9/11AM: “Tripping Over the Threshold” with Rev. Ray, music by The Unity Choir, Band, & Rachel...
i juss noticed tht the best thing tht would ever happen to me if i went to onr of ur concerts nd u would bring me on stage <33
When she got that smile that light up your day
I'm class of 2012's Most Dependable!
Yes, us too. But a plan for lunch is better than finding myself nibbling, def! Miss you too. Sis had her baby, life is full.
get I LIKE him alot alot , what u think omar
Just saw blistering set by Japanese pianist Chihiro Yamanaka! MLW Women in Jazz Festival
Rockefeller plaza packed for Bruno mars! Please don't rain mr foggy sky
did ppl really?
Hubby and I are working all day! Loving all the things that can get done when the office is quiet.
Basic but good...Dont use cliches either
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
PYTHON why do you care about whitespace?
Best feeling ever: leaving the resident meeting early to attend the graduate meeting!
Thanks, bro!
(Re)collections: Trauma, Collective Memory and the Archive panel at USC Doheny Library
baby it's #notjustyou just purchased it on iTunes
lol I'm a workaholic, always gotta make sure I put it hard work...night Gizmo
Seeking a Law #Librarian in #NYC! Contact me for details.
Everyone follow sweet...sweet girls!!
I passed on 3 people that responded. Heard back that 1 was selected. She had actual proj in the market. Wendy Soucie 608-225-1985
thanks for following back <3☺
S/O to my buddy ! Happy birthday!!! (Mr. Adult)
working on an imprinted umbrella quote. Are you ready for the next rainy day? Are your clients? Why not give one with your logo?
Discover delectable Baja Terra tapenades and other delicious delicacies at Early Evening April 27, 6-9.
Fear the Beer!
Don't miss our on our fabulous Europeon Style Sunday Brunch! Served tomorrow morning at our Little Italy location.
is Kalamazoo bound...
howw ! just cause i dont wanna bring an umbrella... tf i look like !?
Packers WR joins me this morning @ 10:30 to talk about the Tailgate Tour that benefits Ronald McDonald House. 106.7FM WTDY
"You're also getting nowhere near my mom." One of my favorite moments of levity in Lifespan of a Fact.
why did u unfollow me?
when you coming back to ohio?
Timing is everything...
I am natural!!! RT ": just go natural. Nappy and all"
How would cities look if urban planners, not politicians, took control?
I really wish would just let his game do the talking.
And extra proud this year of my hubby's pro bono work on their behalf.
Big Day in Sedona yesteraday How did i know they would love my Ped Pal foot scrubbys? Passion dear followers passion that's the gift i share
It's Tuesday and is on in less than 10 minutes. Tune In!
Great men do great things. The rest of us are just average.
Thank you for the head's up. Alerting our programming dept...
i understand... :)... but dont worry about em
Do you live in the Midtown area of #Milwaukee or have friends that do? Please get in touch with me! Positives things are in the works!
Have a great day or evening, where ever in the world you may be. Early morning meetings, wish us luck. Have a good one everybody!
Ahaha you're the third person to say this to me
#overtherhine saved my day today.A friend and I gladly mused that, "We're all working a graveyard shift [so] you might as well sing along."
SO PUMPED!!!
Remember to hold on to who you are and what you stand by and never let that go,it will always be in the end..
I feel as if maybe didn't write that tweet.
Ok before I take a break I'm going on a rant because I'm freaking pissed off at directioners right now
Good god...
Only in a system irreparably broken by partisanship and $$ could a candidate with +$100K in criminal defense fees have a good chance to win.
Damn I'm sleepy!
challenge not won!!! I hadda remind you.
When your printer isnt working and you have to print a whole bunch of crap for school!
God doesn't have a Facebook, and he's my friend. He doesn't have Twitter either, but I follow him.<3
New products www.leodys.com
Reached 900 followers, next goal: 1,000! Big thanks to anyone helping the Yankees101 website grow, I truly appreciate it
Going to bed early tonight ^.^
Jesus freaks with expectations is a terrible combo.
I love turtles because they are just so chill. They're like, yeah man I feel like swimming today, maybe eat some lettuce.
Consider it done.
I need my money pronto
you? youre just a bandwagon fan. everybody else loves the heat so you do too. dont even try to say you were always a heat fan
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit."- H.S. Truman
started a conversation with guy I see every day but never talk to. Likely not available, but it is the first convo with a male in months!
I lost my chance. Im a loser. But dont cry, babe. This isnt something that will never happen again so it doest deserve your tear.
Remind your partner that the crises of the moment is probably just a speed bump.
I need help figuring my end of the bet out. If I loose gotta dress like Billy Blanks. Need something for
Since Phils pissin me off on draft day the focus shifts to Sixers/ Bulls....maybe they'll pull a shocker
! Good Morning Cutie ! = )
Just my opinion, but I don't think any powertrain or minor styling updates could ever, ever make the Nissan Juke attractive.
Got hella numbers in my Dm...but not hitting up anyone cuz I only want u :-)
Come on son!
Too cold for summer sandals today --- or did you brave the cold???
Hi David, I'm looking forward to talking with very soon. Thanks for the intro
hey just saw ur message...they are sold out have other styles for 12 or 15
My brother just got smack With a gallon of water.
- file this under things we already knew
We have $2 #Budweiser & #LabattBlue tall boys during the #Packers game today!
Good choice! Did you add it to our Facebook poll? (Not sure if you're on there or not.)
Welcome to the USA. If you're ever in San Francisco let me know, we should hang out.
"We don't actually say 'top o the mornin' in Ireland: we never have." -S. O'Flynn
I'm stressed the fuck out
Ugly!!! Looks like you need to do a few rounds of P90X! Pretty SOFT Guns.
Who is that in your background?
#Iwassohighthat I walked into class, late, sat down, and tried to put my seat belt on.
Gnite I look forward to talking again
Being a #UK-born programmer & #JPMorgan i-banker w/French lit degree didn't fully humanize #Asma #Assad, and she married a butcher.
Rye chips...yea or nay?
Don't forget! LiveText Training TODAY in LIB 144, 2:00-4:00 with Angie Poole. (Repeat session on Thursday, same time.)
Thanks for the recommendation!
R.I.P Whitney we will miss u. You left us with so many beautiful songs. Feel free to post your fav song on the wall fam..
Tomorrow's gonna suck.
I wish Yankee candles weren't the same price as a car payment.
we know it wasn't the Celtics making those explosions! Lol
Good Morning, Ms. Deb. Thank you. If my morning is any indication of how my day will continue, then it will be a good day.
Did you see anybody in the audience NOT vote for you!? Cause I'll totally snap my fingers at them.
that type of mind set makes me want to vomit!!!
Ginny - you sound a mess! We can reschedule. It's supposed to be fun, not a struggle.
84 degrees today I REFUSE To Stay In Da Huse !
u would love to see me like dat
Dont love out of emotions or physical feelings.Love out of passion, theres no such thing as being "Tied down" in Love, it's call commitment.
Next learning feed :00pm EST. Let us know if this was helpful and relevant to your
naw im more like a chalupa supreme
Waiting for professor Soergel to speak about the UB MLS program in Webster, NY!
Night drinking that runs for long enough to become day drinking...
Vegan mint chocolate chip milkshake may have convinced me that I'd be perfectly happy in New York
Gotta try #jergels new spot in the North Hills soon.
That is one horrible photo. Is nothing sacred?
You've got that smile that only Heaven can make <3
Its crazy how much im like my mom. she's got all good qualities thought, so I guess I can't complain :)
I hate safety stories on TV cause they're often preachy. After a series of deadly ATV accidents, I hope we struck the right balance at 10.
On our way to the Madison in 15, Cool Video!
Today...I conquered technology.
Now that's an invitation to trouble.
WhoisTrevor.com A #blog you won't believe!
yes!!! Our all firm meeting is this weekend but my mom and grandma drove over to hang w me on free time. So happy :)
what kind of beats you looking for
All this rain is from what's left of TS Lee. It's going to be like this until late Thursday. Better swim! HP
Thanks! :-P I'm excited to see you and the fam!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -- Lena Horne
thanks for spreading the news!
Happy Belated Birthday!! Hope you are well. Make sure to check out too! ;-)!
getting ready to go on air #atlanta shows all weekend get your tix
YOOO!!! Been working my no-ass-at-all ass off. Trust me. That's not good when you're a skinny ass white dude.
Of course the friendship is important,thanks for the support!
Yeah, they really make our hearts sing sometimes.
Live tweeting at #azla2010 this morning. Anthony Molero discusses the digital divide in keynote.
I got an 83 on the final in Sandorf's class!
I'll beat you to it. RT I want to punch Reggie Miller in the teeth yo
Chuck is not allowed pizza, as it is 10 Weight Watchers Points per slice.
it may just be in airports. will find out soon!
Don't forget about
SwingFest 2010 is proud to offer seminars that are sure to enhance your lifestyle experience. There is no extra charge to attend!
RT “: or as bush would say, "the soft bigotry of low expectations"”
First tweet from my new Mac Book PRO!!!!!
Every Saint Has A Past, Every Sinner Has Future.
Good morning!!! God is my only true friend..:)
Our office is on 6th...it's definitely getting worse in downtown. :( Can't imagine how bad it is in Bastrop.
Follow She's Cute, a Hater, and loves to slap bacon.
yes but it works both ways men don,t know what they want either
it could only be better if you were here! Miss you:)
this world is ruthless watch the ones closes to u
“: Even at the highest levels, agents get their clients work based on the relationships their clients have.”
awww that's sweet :) bt you can go to sleep we can speak tomorrow ;;) How was your week?
Love it can have the rest pleasssseeeee? at least one more
ewwww. worse than my finding ladybugs at the *bottom* of a restaurant salad awhile back.
Will you be adding more channels? Especially interested in bookmarking.
Best place for a dirty martini in #boston? Momma Rose is coming to town, & besides seeing her daughter, booze is the only thing she's after
ew, black doves are just ugly pigeons. that's.not.cute
It was a great event. Did you know #song1 was extended to May 20? There's still time to visit! RT Cool photo. RT
Gods love endures 4ever..sing praise!!.. 4ever God is faithful, 4ever God is strong, 4ever God is with us ..4ever..and ever
I also met an author of one of my fave books- and he was totally rude and kind of a dick- mixed feelings about buying more of his stuff;(
oh my god u sexy O_O
Weren't you just complaining about people complaining about the temperature in the office?
Concepting, scheduling and booking talent for 6 Still/Motion shoots I am Directing and Shooting later this month :)
He was probably laughing his ass off every time the priest said "He is risen."
getting ready to go live with at the Rose Garden in moments! caffeine kicking in!
thank you Bet! I'm so happy! :D x
Just tapped, Cascadian Dark Ale (replaces Fallout Green Cardamom Pale Ale: #3 12 Beers of the Apocalypse)
Listening to the albums was one of the best decisions I ever made, which is rare.
thinks Darwin is right -- and that we're right in the middle of a huge (socio-logical) shakedown from which only the strongest will emerge
It really bothers me when people say "softwares".
maci was trying to be Cupid today and says, "make Tyler your bf again. He's my fave." lol. Crazy girl.
Str8 Like At..
Haha #Thatawkwardmoment in #walgreens with "get the xl I thought he was big" good times :) #oldman #condoms #vibrators lol
officers taking away close to a dozen large grow lights as well as big screen tv. Why tv? Dunno.
we're like fine wine Joe, guys with bank are priceless as they age!! Lol
Sorry I'm missing- playing greenhouse worker today!
Chicago is cold (y) but having dinner with the fam!
Justin Bieber is the sexiest person in the world < 3 .
My daughter just got the new GalaxyS out on T-Mobile. Wow that phone is just like an iphone! It even has an app to chirp like Nextel!
RT : 24k was insane last night
its about Justin. I sent it through dm. Did you get it?
"My dad's the mayor and i'm on the principal's list"
I did email you last month... Thought you blew me off. Blech! Anytime. Anywhere. Miss you.
haha I think its obviousOoffensive..demonize african amer. women we step up and do the right thing a lot?
CNN says 2nd student dead in Ohio school shooting,Austin icon Leslie in hospital +Playing some tunes this AM on the show by
happy bday fellow chi town girlie
"One area left to be developed when it comes to #Solar energy is storage. Batteries are getting better all the time, though."
puts lipstick on to make me feel better.
When I finish an ebook, it should automatically notify Goodreads/Shelfari/LibraryThing/etc & tell it I'm done and ask me to rate it.
So sleepy this morning...
I love firemen, too, guurrrllll! ;-)
payton! you said you would follow me a long time ago, but you never did :////
haha yesh u can ;D then u say I love u too :P
Jamming to Pussycat Dolls "Wait a Minute"
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS!.. ARE YOU READY
#TebowGotTradedFor a Javale McGee jersey and a family four-pack to the next Knicks-Wizards game
hey watch it
Would you please get off my penis , Thanks ;)
H.A.M on everything
or at least what are we going to do without #OddNeighbor tweets?
RT : Thank you NV! Our message of crushing the poor & middle class continues to resonate through the west WTF
Thanks Say hi to the fam ;)
I have a reason to live: to love Jesus and to be angry!
Pretty stoked to be heading up to Grand Rapids, MI in early February to see !
Cool! :) it's rainy & yucky in NY 2day, so enjoy it there! I can't wait :)
people are tweeting happybirthdaynicholette
my self conscious has taken a beating & my body a literal one.
I totally signed up the minute you guys opened registrations cause I heard spots get filled up quick
Nearly three-quarters of senior citizens who have a reverse mortgage said they were satisfied with the product
opo! What time
If you're NEW to Chicago's #WestLoop please contact me. We'd really like to have you participate in this years Fulton Walk.
rte 7: chain stores but no people visible
I'm at the Ft Lauderdale airport. Getting ready to hop on my flight & fly home
TELL MOMMA YO HURRY AND COME HOME!!!! haha
ry Club. That place is so wack! Date #2, NOT happening. Next.
Just another reason to have and not direct tv. #storm=noSignalDuringGames.
glad I could help you out!!!!! Hope you be joyed the fight.
Haha I never noticed it til now he really cant bro
364 days until the end of the world
Before I woke up, I had a dream I was watching fireworks. Turns out it was the thunder. Cool.
ADMIT ONE Film Series - Free screenings at the Jazz Gallery, 926 E. Center St in the Riverwest -1st one is this Saturday, January 15th, 3pm
thanks for the follow! I see you have a large following yourself!! ;)
Can I get an amen? #FF #FollowFriday RT : Can we stop voting on basic human rights!?!?
I wish this work week was just a couple days longer! #not #Imjustmessingwithyou sasquatch
"always move forward never sleep like a shark bro" is how you battle this senioritis haha
RT : A7 Our media-player allows you to know who the artist & song is AND fans can promote by sharing via social media !!
That was fun! It was the highlight of my dayy(: we should do that more often!
It was Enterprise car pickup. Haven't been there, but was in baggage claim where I made my last phone call with hearing aids.
"I am who I am. I’m weird,I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random &stupid stuff. But, I like it that way<3"
🌟Starships✨ were meant to fly 👐 HANDS UP and touch the sky ☁☀
sure, come on by and grab a seat by the window on the 2nd floor
Ramen noodles are so filling.
Ann Hood quoting Grace Paley: Ev story is 2 stories - the external one & the internal one. Climax is when they collide.
#instagram just might become addicting... might
#doublefucked When your Prius runs out of gas AND battery power.
hi matt <3
Share a rehearsal space with us. Big room with toilet and shower, PA, lights in the heart of the city $375 per month. Spread the word.
'pretty' does make the time go faster.......
": Bliss.. Happiness/ Union God ...You cannot escape what is inside you. U can cover it, but .. it is your natural state #yoga"
Today I saw some video diaries <3 LOL
aww thank you
Follow ... it is a great charity 5k run/walk in Denver!!!
No it's Angie who writes next and nope I'm with Forrest again haha :D btw loved the chapter
Huntsman: Cites bailouts as big chunk of nation's GDP, refutes idea of "too big to fail"
RT : A2 I think that #running is great for managing my stress. It keeps me focused & gives me time to clear my mind!
don't hate lol
no one cares LOL
"Lunch Rush" app for iOS was used as an example
Thanks so much!
Carmel Hospitals rolling out the RED CARPET to offer more heathcare options But Only if you show them the BIG BUCKS first
Longest final ever.. 3 hrs and 15 min... 14 questions and the final is worth 255 points.. Def failed it.
Why didnt Taylor tell us? She waited for a magazine to tell us :'(
oh Cass you are too kind! ;) And you better score!!
You know tickets are too expensive if they have 3 digits before the decimal point
that's really cool!
Thanks for a nice lunch in the park!
I see you in ya feelings tonight huh?
second bank from left, in the aisle. But I'll text you when the keynotes are over.
Just finished speaking at University HS!
we may be back at the end of the month. If so, I'll let you know. Looking forward to meeting you, gangsta.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.-- Louisa May Alcott
i think i got a problem......i like to fuck lol
so glad to be home
Lelelele lala i'm going insane. Lock me in a room for like 6 hours straight an this is what happends to me..LOL humahahahaa lalala lelela
I dream of dance and then dance my dream..... life is good!
Dear Mancini judges, i cant wait til the day you're paying way too much money to see me on Broadway. Sincerely, 'not mancini worthy' my ass.
Thx. I'm excited! RT Great news! RT : Excited to be teaching at PokerStrategy.com, world's largest poker school.
Iontgivafuck word of the day
Give us some feedback on &quot;Caught In Tha Fire&quot;. That song is seriously well put together
oh wow it is still around. I follow back immediately.
Just registered for in Atlanta. and will be representing Neybor at the conference.
Mark thank you for sharing Avengers/Sendak tribute. Downloaded and installed as my desktop image.
I'm feeling mighty productive. Who's with me?
Ready to get
Give it a try and sign up for the competition, you never know !!!!!
Eat 1 cup lima beans per day to helps reduce cancer
Time travel is so 1980s.
Responded to FIRE @ 1 Bogardus Place, New York, NY 10040. Red Cross auto update.
Where my Twiggah at ?
I'm not leaving unless the temp is below 76
RIGHT BACK ATCHA. I didn't know Bro had a Twitter.
2mins left please pick me
Congrats to Robert Douzat on his wedding
I think u should follow me <3
Let me know how it turns out! I would suggest using a griddle or flat top over grilling. That's how they do them in NYC.
Unfreakinbelievable! Is Latner in the building? Channeling Latner should be a T!
Just trying to enjoy my day with you and all I get is attitude; was cheerful But fuck it
tall skinny guys
Sounds perfect!
I called three cabs to come get me first here wins!!! Party rockin!
Happy B-Day, Love ya:)
AFTER TONIGHT, RAYS MAY BE SENT TO MINOR LEAGUES...ENTIRE TEAM...U THINK IM KIDDING?!
It's like a painting! The warmer climate seems to lend itself to some amazingly lit photos. Love walking at night to get pics!
Just saw 20 speeding police cars
Watching Aimachi rehearse!!
sounds good :-)
i want to thank for the daily vocabulary lesson.. even though he makes absolutely no sense 90% of the time.
I prefer buck necked, and on top of the sheets
and Can't wait to hear about the 5 day wedding! Tonight ?
Do it all the time, Do it all night.
me too RT I like camel toes.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
. do you rent him out? Not on your birthday of course, but maybe another day? Please
Hallmark introduced its first Christmas cards in 1915, five years after the founding of the company.
I'm following you! (:
Patients and families need to be at the center of Carr decisions
amazing ---> howfuckedistheT.com
what dah fooh my arm has like a really long scratch....what is this from o_o
You look amazing in that dress! The way the camera captured how you flowed in it makes us happy! How was prom?
it must have helped that she had a man in the car.
Verdict Not Guilty!
I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food.
Hahahahaha that was the funniest woman.
I wanna see u step it up and take on the challenge
#GreatnessIs whatever you want it to be.
That was weird :L But I liked it
Thanks! I'm feeling like I should say something hilarious now. Hippo! Weasel! Twinkie!
That awkward moment when it's quiet and your eating something crunchy
is that an old door? That's awesome.
I love it!
Hm...we're coffee people and not so much tea people, but we'll look into it!
What #drinkspecials do #venues typically offer? Would you buy/sell a #coupon in advance to offer/get a good deal? www.Shastic.com can help u
It's a great skill, for sure. And encouraged me to create highly descriptve alt tags! I like doing that on the blog.
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday
looking forward to keeping in touch hot stuff
my mom got them online does it depend what site she bought them from?
Two faced bitches <<
what did she say and what was your girl name?
Good luck with you fight man. Keep the faith and beat that f cancer! - Go Gmen!
Thats what they always say Quake lol!! J/K RT : I'm trying to follow you but it won't let me! Follow me :)
It's nice to know someone has experienced it, too. :D
wow I wish some bars around here had affordable pints like that (cough)
I have the issue.
We are thrilled to announce that Montgomery is teaming up with Salon Voices in a three part series to teach you how to “Move Your Hair...
FRIDAY NIGHT FIESTA CHECK-INS! Work week is over, and tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! What are you up to tonight?! Let everyone know here....
RT - Snobs, condom users, birth control pill poppers defeat Santorum in Michigan. - #terrifying how close thus far.
....or something.
I can't wait to get out of this house. No more cats, no more yelling, no more fighting, no more broken doors, and no more fucking step dad.
well, i have to go to disney world now, so i'll see you guys later.
what time are tryouts?
Hey Milwaukee, now that you aren't distracted by nice weather outside what projects are you tackling today at the office?
What's your favorite portrait lens?
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity! $5 bucks for kids & adults!
Whatever .. I'm done trying
Really diggin this New Build album that is playing right now. The dudes from LCD Soundsystem and Hot Chip make a good combo
Idk if you wanna talk to me or you don't bc you text me first & you act like you don't wanna text by only texting one word
Your response should have been as follows "No, you need to find another seat." :P
I feel like imma get a stern talking to tomorrow. Lol
In OSX, Shift + Command (+ sometimes Option) + V = paste clipboard contents using app's current default formatting styles. Mind blown.
that is what I though. Respect the fucking cock.
"It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it." ~Julia Child
My guys at Butler said they love Tahj
Anyone want to go see 12th Planet tonight at the Galaxy? We have an extra ticket!
1/7/2011 What's Next DC Conference Provides Organizations With Strategies Examiner
Actually the legal age to buy cigarettes & alcohol in Japan is 20.
The GAGA BALL at is tonite! It's gonna be a MONSTER! 311 N. Sangamon St. Deets? Facebook.com/wildthursdays
When you see a falling star to night, make a wish, it will come true because I wished and I found you.
follow me back please? :)
If you haven't already, come check out this weeks Revolver Underground show! It might make you feel sexy! EROCK
