In a bright spot for the day, Yankees tickets have been secured for Thursday night. Here's to no rain in NYC!
Fun times lol!
***www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Finishing up Streak details for this week's Streak! Cant wait to see yall on Saturday. BEST Streak yet
You are amazing!! Whatchutalkinbout?
Playing jazz... at a house party... and people are listening (!)
Warms the heart to see an 11 year old girl who has her face painted like the cover of Aladdin Sane.
16 rebounds for Boozer! Season high!
how did I not know that before? And i don't care she is hot lol
Every job is a self-portriat of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
OH: You know it's an upscale strip club because they have hardwood floors.
It was the "sex panther."
recorded with Michael today and got most tracks done. It should be up on ReverbNation sometime next week.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. —Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Huh how funny colts get 1st and last pick in draft.
RT Kristen Stewart attributes her beauty to a strict regimen of killing and consuming one puppy every morning.
me too. that's why i would love to see Bryce's face when Pascual Perez does the smoking gun finger thing after a strike out.
Yes, exactly. Love the very specific account of a very specific scene. But National Book Award? Really?
My daughter just told me she didn't love me anymore. And so it begins.
The right UNLV team won tonight.
Thanks for the follow!....snort
Tried to watch a live webcast of my cousin's graduation, but apparently I lack a plug-in. Tech fail. Sorry, !
Ugh i have the hick ups from drinking too much :/
with glitter
aw ok I see u bf....I'm tryna b like you
it's hard to look right... At you baby!
is editing my prom piece that airs tonight. The music is making us want to have an all day Tues dance party!!
#BeforeIWasAMahomie i used to be happy yasmin, but now im super happy yasmin =)
"I can come alongside you and help you produce your idea" -Joseph Sanchez (IMAGINE hearing that from your librarian? #libmade)
Starting new internship tomorrow!
Those echos are freaking me out......LOL
still have a chance at $2000 in another pool though haha
Turned Up to here at da Shop!!
so freaking tired.
"Turn the switch back on!!!"
Customers want brands that are narrow in scope and distinguishable by a single word, the shorter the better
you only ate once today?! Oh my gosh are you sick????
debating on which accent i want. australian or british. WHY IS THIS SO HARD UGH.
RT : I hate when people just randomly stop talking to me without telling me why.
Turns out, I cannot build a gingerbread house, which would bother me if I were an 8 year old girl.
chica I gotta talk to you pronto!!!!!!!!
I love seeinq your face its so #Pretty!
Working hard on the final grant recipients! Down to 49 and now to the final 11. Such tough choices!
WHEN DO THE CASTING FOR BGC SEASON 7 START?
ridiculously stressed out
Col. Panic was just told to shut up while on the Lakefront tour. With love.
Fitness Tip: Weight Loss Real Facts - To lose weight you should cut out 500 calories per day. All you have to do is bump up your activity...
what, you want to pull my tooth?
beach chair off the coats of I made it
PRAISE is what I do! Feeling it this morning!
Title Fight with Friends, Captain and Jack and you singing along on Thursday. Awesome.
The psychological basis of Morgellons disease
Time to head out in search of brunch. What is your fave sf brunch spot?
Scaremonger in chief is not selling it...... He needs to go back to community organizing school
thanks for all the RTs and Faves :)
One of our catering options is a brown bag lunch: 2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack. You’ll be the envy of the office!
“: “: That's how you connect people on The Twitter.” huh?”"huh?"
lol do you not like this person?
how u know it mash up
Yeah(: i gotcha.
cuz it's bad for u
That's gonna fly by RT 95 days till my wedding day... <3 <3
Listening in on #washeval chat. Nice to see people using this forum for real-time info exchange.
Awesome. RT : Carlisle: "Tonight Nowitzki, Terry and Kidd weren't gonna let us lose the game. It's as simple as that."
I just can't stop thinking about you....I think about you all the time.....I just really like you...
LOL I love !(: Thats the funniest story. I wonder what that lady was like. #muchlove .
That's how you kick your ex in the teeth through song. Katy Perry!
colder weather by zac brown band!
Yeah, right?
Ohio Right to Life lying about Gov't funds... No Gov't funding is NOT fungible. No
Your welcome. How was your week?
Can someone at Imagine RIT please explain to me what the "Fluids are Fun" exhibit is all about? Dying of curiosity.
I saw Tom Abdenour (Warriors trainer) on Friday. He told me to say "Hi" to you after I told him I follow you on Twitter. Lol
Was it good?
(cont) MC Hammer, gatorade gin & juice, PDA's, hermit crabs, finger paints, Thor in a thong, walmart employees
where you at?
what's your best streak so far Donna? I got 7. Now currently 1 after tonight...lol
Hehehe i love this account so much :)
Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast
i know, but it's hard to get his attention.
Truth: making my cat angry is the best thing on the planet.
said roughly - petitions re noit enough, need to meet with people in person and present them, put a face to cause
#Meryl Streep in bronze gold. OMG You look the best you have in years. - A
I could stand outside all night..
I need to pee... And get ready for school. But is doing a twitcam! AH!
not today. Raining in South Jersey
Can't fight the attraction
I love being in love
What state do you think the next record Whitetail will come from?
What was bleeped!
is GORGEOUS❕❕❕❕SHEEESH
Lmao. U not bad if u fight a bitch dhat can't fight and u win df.
Sometimes I wonder if I keep getting the beach ball of death because my Mac find the look of terror on my face hilarious.
thank you!
Any predictions for the Notre Dame vs. Michigan State game this weekend? I've got a feeling Notre Dame is starting 0-3...
Boulder on Alexander. <3
Wow, Random House wasn't kidding about raising eBook prices in OverDrive. Over 200% increase in cost today as compared to yesterday.
Does anyone know of a blog widget or plug-in for a pedometer counter?
By far the best strongs so far....
you already know
I have become an insomniac. -.- I was almost asleep when my body literally jerked & woke me back up. :( idk what's wrong.
Oh, the other reason my day should improve? Heading to Brookfield at 3 to do story on all-bacon happy hour.
gettin it done under blue skies! Band and trucks till 2:30 !
I want the bills to defy Russell Wilson in the 3/4 round depending when the latest we can get him is
I just read my own profile page and realized I'm lame as can be. Smh
I pray you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Holiday! Continue to give thanks and be grateful for all He has done for you! Be Encouraged!
glad to hear it!
I'm in Pluto I'm in Mars at the same damn time.
Showing compassion and love for our patients, Dr. Aliza Shad of speaks to med students.
WORKING! :) lots of sponsors from the Glen!
I think that's what I am going to go with :)
A goal would please me to no end.
AskJeeves was my favorite... Good times....
I'm celebrating the beginning of the #nats season by watching How Do You Know? It's not quite Pride of the Yankees, but I guess it'll do
So proud of my man, , for working all day & still finding the drive to stick to his workout! He's amazing!!!
The grass is always greener on the other side, only because you failed to water, fertilize and tend to your own side. Larry Wingel
The right man is the one who seizes the moment. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Enjoyed talking at the Catholic Reception last night. Thanks for being part of my cheering section!
you will. You'd rather Halladay Lee and Hamels all go down with injuries.
now now, no Twitter bullying!
Has been up since 4am. Don't ask.
I Got Mine
Hosting a round table discussion on #WorkLife balance for mostly recent college grad staff in 2 weeks. Any resources I should share?
S/O to an amazing follower!! GO FOLLOW <3
Our pleasure!!! Already wishing it was October! Full 88 next year...Plus post-season of course! #GoBucksGo! Finish with a win!
OK, I may need in WY. I'm in residence for a month @ Ucross, a 20,000 acre ranch, until I leave for Djerassi.
Ranking Is My Goal
Looking back, I liked you for what I thought you could be, a fantasy man, I never took the time to get to know you and I'm sorry for that.
Just saw "The Business of Being Born"-->Its useful for illustrating the #medicalization of child birth & Weber's concept of
me explaining losing your virginity: WHY IS IT ON FIRE?!
This is my new fav. outfit!! RT : yes but you cannot wear what u have on today! RT : Next time.
Each and everyday YOU CHOOSE. You choose your thoughts, actions, and ultimately your outcome. So, how is your day going?
Why, thank you. Official bar tomorrow!“: Enjoying the tweets of the mini bottle as it (he? she?) travels to #mcc2012.”
ah CAN'T wait to meet your new baby puppy :)
I have never seen so much traffic
I haven't watched Survivor for a few years. I thought only 2 went to final tribal. Did it used to be that way?
Topic was the nature of wilderness. Not sure when it will air, but will keep you posted!
are you guys watching the 49ers game?
guilty as charged. Maybe I should just stand an text and let the crowd break around me.
That's good (: we can suffer together
Heartbreaking plea from mother of an murdered east county man.
Looking for funding to help families in need with holiday gifts and support. Best Wishes to all!
I don't know who embarrasses themselves more, the stupid client or the sycophantic agency. #ThePitch is grim viewing for an ad man.
Stop by and see us! We'd love to have u! Who wants to go to Smiley prom?? I just want to have an excuse to shop : )
Where is G? That's a store in Baton Rouge?
WAAZAP?CHECK OUT "TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.ON YOUTUBE NOW,PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE . NO4
Epic mealtime!
'Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.'—Calvin Coolidge
Can't wait until we are operating and can pass out beads on #FatTuesday next year!
Forks and plugs. A perfect combination to a boring Saturday. Lets light this mother up.
I really do get irritated when ugly people think they are cute! Like, when was the last time you looked in a clean mirror?!
Final Friday with Creative Writing: William Boast Fiction Reading 3-4pm at the Bookstore
Thanks for your interest in DNS.com. That is correct, currently our service area does not include China.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't know how to whisper.” I'm that friend....
RT : So excited for Black Tie Gala this Saturday!
i saw u today !
I would love a follow. :) <3
Love saturdays energy around the golf course. Hello spring in Colorado
you'd make a great circus seal.
bought cross rhodes yesterday b/c of you letting us know through twitter. BTW i could not put it down. Great read
Out & about today, seeing people counting coins or asking for spare change. Why r we the working poor? It kills me to see this! So sad!
mangg we should hangout
I'd love to come out to Monterrey to play for ya!!! Hopefully I'll make it out this year!
Dear Mr. Eddie Murphy. Thank you for deciding not to host the Oscars. Potential trainwreck avoided.
Too bad he complains non-stop throughout the game. Annoying. Over-complains.
I hope this dress doesn't make me look like a complete hooker. :P
Oh. well I guess you won't want to talk to me then x
Thank you. We've seen the principles, but we haven't heard #POTUS address OAA.
Holyfcknutt your right! >=| and #yolo is wrong I will never really die ;)
Forgot that I could access any periodical for free via the SDSU library. Oh the perks of being a student again.
heck ya!
#prom. Sounds fun! Kinda! Sorta!
At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one. Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd.
THEY TOOK ERR JRRBS!
Make sure you swing about 4 hours north so I can say hi. :p
what the hell was thinking when he made that pay phone song?? it may be popular but its pure ass cheeks
My godson: "know what rhymes with duck? Suck. Know what rhymes with suck? The F word." Yea, he's 7.
Ringring!!! Thanks for the follow! TTYL!
RIP Ferdinand Alexander Porsche. We will all miss you in the Sports Car world
Haha thanks! I did the best I could. Hey any idea when you're playing Rocketown again?
Life in abundance comes only through great love♥.
not surprising. I get hit up for money all the time, usually at the starbucks downtown or on the bus. I think I need to alter rte
"It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper". Errol Flynn quotes
can i call u
Don't wait to drink water until you feel thirsty. If you're thirsty, your body is already dehydrated.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Green Bay 37 New York 31
“: I need a new gay queen for the month of May! Help me!!! I've already gone through Cher Lloyd, Nicola..." hello Liza Minnelli
Poor Left Churchill Downs before Springsteen came over the PA...
so was I until I though about it.
I'm relatively certain I'm in love with this girl that works at Barton Creek. Actually, no, totally certain.
Thanks for the feedback on the QR Codes article!
otherwise known as the "how to keep from getting blacklisted" session
Q: what's your favorite song for now? A: gotta say, Marvins room by drake, amazing song here it all the time
Good morning! Nice to "see" you.
if you wanna rant about it just don't @ mention them because thats shitty and not necessary
Thanks for letting us know. We'll ask around.
Using www.socialmention.com to track the conversation about www.iheartonenote.com in the blogosphere
Ooohh...well, I guess it had to be said -sometime-, right?
Good luck, nice job finishing Monaco on a high note!
Up front and center for Sonny Rollins at Paramount tonight. Anyone else going?
Does being a lost fan count? Enjoy the Cities. Great day to throw strikes. Weather is awesome, so is breakfast at keys
thank you ladies for making me feel human again!
sounds good! Let me know if you have any questions and I will see you Friday!!
Remember when we went to #Bubbaz and watched The Pacers/Heat game?
Being inside, outside, sitting on a porch watching or even driving in the rain are all some of my favorite things. Thinderstorms = coolest
are you back at Sc!? Miss ya
can wait for #BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!!:D
No matter how I feel like I've failed. I am reminded, there is no failure in GOD
This Malibu Red commercial is irritating af!
FREE Independence Day Celebration July 3rd at 8:30pm. RiverStage in Jeffersonville. Bring the family for an evening of music on the river.
love it!!! Such great music in that!!! Ah memories of London:)
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
Congrats to on yr National Mag Awards for General Excellence!
RT How can you be purposefully creative today with less strain and more space in time and mind?
And she will be loved <3
So much #editing not enough hours
Wishing all our DGDG fans and followers a safe a happy weekend. Remember to spring your clocks forward this Sunday for day light savings!!
Looking forward to speaking and meeting everyone at today's #bdi forum on BtoB social communications!
Day one of sweeps in the can...
Feeling salty I didn't even get walked to my bus
I've never seen Titanic or Avatar. I like Cameron's other stuff but those 2 don't interest me at all.
Lol.... Silly rabbit... Tricks are for kids:-)
He's not dead. It's a hoax.
Cried for the past 2 days...I miss you Dylan and I love you and Tony...<3 Please let this razor cut away the pain...</3Ready to cry again...
RT : Watching cable news because you want to be informed is like going to Olive Garden because you want to live in Italy.
im assuming these are for vossen. the ribbed probably wouldnt screen very well
Interested to see how this Red Tails do, because the real Tuskegee Airman was no joke!!
I'm making different seed-based crackers now. I could be your guest gluten-free girl! Taking notes & random pix.
No uke for me today. Prepping for digphoto lecture plus sending out images to a gallery for Scope Miami. Cross my fingers.
so you're going to see it immediately?
lol #whatissleep i don't think i'll get any tonight.
Today's QLab 3 coding brought to you by James Brown. Can't be held responsible if these audio preferences end up funkier than you expect.
This green tea smoothie is so good I want to bathe in it.
yes, i ran & made it right b4 plane closes the gate. fortunately I can run, although I'm totally out of shape & out of breath ;-)
its past my nedtime but i stayed up 3hr just to listen to
Good advice- for adults as well!
You piece of shit. I hope you never play another game.
sure do luv you my sis!!
Ah, yeah, lots of attitude. #nowplaying Cockiness by -
See you there, fellow educators!
thx judi! enjoying your snowflake workshop right now :-)
To fall in love twice a day is such a sweet price to pay
Setting up the field for day 2 of the winter soccer camps.
Going to for dinner tonight - looking forward to a big ol' glass of wine. What a week.
Finally a decent bowl game!!
You should get paid for that. PaidBythePool.
Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!
the one i have is 4 years and almost 5 months old..yes and it still works, I got it right when they first came out :)
If any developer here has any experience creating a social network I would like to talk to you!!
Damn... Thoroughly disappointed. The video was amazing but I was hoping for a real music video :( -Caitlin xx
a little late, but... just thrifted a Marni for H&M skirt for $12 at Sometimes it pays to be behind the times, lol!
Crazy weather this morning, Call Durable Roofing for EMERGENCY tarping or repair services!! Call us today 708-371-ROOF(7663)
Please stop grouping Twitter posts in FB under "See 19 similar from Twitter". I keep missing posts from others because of this.
SURPRISE I am cuz!!! RT : wish you were coming tm
How is it possible that so many doctors are so perpetually late? New policy, they pay the cancellation fee if they miss by 45min or more
Happened to me about an hour ago, then all magically reappeared.
Off to the Cactus League on March 3rd! First trip there with the T3i, so get ready for LOTS of pictures when I return!
The things me & marlynn do to look good ^_^
girl he mean.
shappell ice house
that place is soo good! Is it the one off 45?
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "Drug Test""
Seen #Avengers twice in less that 24 hours.
haha you think I have any trouble asking a random stranger to take a picture?
Word to the wise..... NEVER Piss a Capricorn off.....you're not ready for the wrath.
shows royalty cc
Omg where'd she go? To Saudi? Or is she here?
filming #changeup at Phipps Plaza this weekend? Can't wait to see the movie!
Absolutely unreal that Carlos Gomez is fast enough to score from second on a line drive single to left field
My new charger is 9' long! Holy
" even if the sky start falling ' imma still be high. "
Friday is tomorrow ppl! ;-)
Guess what?
My phone taking to long to update
MAHOMIES! GO FOLLOW MY BESTIE !! Gotta love her <3
Morning Boo!!! I miss you!
We had 40 drink tickets, which seemed to last ALL night.
": I think I want to hear it " Yo check it out A...its a solid album from start to finish.
Can't wait to see it! -
Best text I ever got "your mad at me for taking a shit!"
Dill from #ToKillaMockingbird was based on Truman Capote as a child? That is the coolest fact I have heard all week.
let's get in those playoffs and I can so seeing that happen!!
No.. These are sad times. /:
Just went through an awesome social media training with the brilliant I feel so savvy now! Thanks Remy!
I need a cuddle boy tonight
why no link to Avarteq in your bio, it looks like you do a lot of work on portals, r u exclusively a Ruby on Rails shop?
New shorts and a nice tan....I'm ready!!
This is the part of me that ur never ever gonna take away from me!!!!!!
happy birthday! :)
Your welcome
For me it is the same way. I used rhapsody for a long time, but their new player is only 64kbps, so now I do emusic and cdbaby :-)
I'll take it
get it in..... wish i could be there...
Beautiful night in Austin TX.... enjoy it and stay safe.... Ciao PUCCIAS!!!!!!!
It's 3am, and the people who live above me are holding a gymnastics competition.
hey Jay! Saw you're on the promenade now wed's, I look forward to a great show.
Iil Jon on wed only
re: fitbit; device wont give desire to change; manual collection maybe better than automatic cuz effort & reflection
Holy crap, makes some tasty salsa.
i come home to ragging screaming music about killing... my roomie yes thats him
He's so sweet(: New Icon..
yes! So glad you enjoyed, it's such a fun show. Thanks so much for coming.
I Luv all the Avi's, We know how to Represent our man
BTW our open sign is broken at the moment...we are still open like usual!
What to eat?
“Urban Jungle Green vol.2 (limited pressing enhanced audio CD with videos!) ! available at hhv.de and k984.com”
I love this quote: "Springpad as a service is nothing new. What is new about Springpad this month is pretty much everything." Haha!
I started this album with a certain title in mind which later got vetoed by my team...
"For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it." 1 Timothy 6
I'm not sure why it hates women and thinks that earls "hear voices," but it seems to. Yikes.
princesses keep their legs closed
I'm loving this rain right now.
im bored
Thank you to all our customers who use our service, we appreciate you!
#SaltyDad "Gosh Darnit David!!! Why are there banana peels laying all over the front yard!!! PICK EM UP RIGHT NOW!"
Wowie zowie! Great deal, I'm printing right now.
i do. I love ryan bishops basement :P and he likes mines. Ugh
If UW doesn't get the last spot, who gets it instead? Seton Hall? Iona?
Jesus I'm like the morning taxi.
aww poor baby :( I'm going home next weekend!! What about you?!
Time to walk away from the copy edits.
and I want to work tonight lol
watching how i met your mother until i knock out. goodnight everyone (:
I love fourth block I feel like such a bad kid CAUSE I GET TO LEAVE SCHOOL AND NOT COME BACK! :D
We all have that one friend that never know's what the hell is going on.
Lmao! RT #OnlyBahamianPeople is eat the grapes out the bag in the food store to get a "little taste"
RT : 9 guys available tomorrow for the
thanks for sharing Teera! Hope you find BestVendor useful!
Time to bother Rooney!
Starlito's "live from the kitchen" Beat go Harder than Gotti's(: #Just Saying ..
I know got my text and what's the location bish!?!?!
back to the two M's..Money and Music...What are you doin?
should i go to SA tomorrow or not? Hm tough choices
I lost all my contacts again and it probably got lost in the sauce. Txt me your
It's possible that Cracker Barrel is the only place where I don't mind country music.
Have you ever heard of the "Aphrodisiac Coffee"? Is it for real?
Tonight is the night is the night that we’re losing control
Yeah just like he did in
they always seem to nab great acts for it. Deer Tick an Dawes alone are definitely making me consider going.
Adirondack Sports 7 Fitness Expo this weekend in Saratoga
Do these napkins smell like Chloroform, just kidding but can I buy you a drink.
Headed to competition. Stay tuned...
Got the driod incredible 2 today and its bad ass!!
Great statement about sharing Moving Garden! Now that it's been about a month, what platform is used most?
Pretty sure I have twitter elbow after tweeting two hours straight for a client...
because people will pay it
Lol yes i do! When there is something to say... its just, I don't get the point of habitual status posting. I post as needed lol
Good stuff!!
RT : Don't get distracted by money. Money, in and of itself, is NOT your vision
As rubber kisses asphalt, my iPhone works again as a phone.
this makes me very sad. I miss that place.
Drinking my matte just for !
don't forget about the Living Social deal! $10 for just $5!!! only 8 hrs left to buy!
you're super hot, fire hot something like the sun in the sky , uh pretty hot babe <3 (;
yes and they've been in there for several decades now haha jk jk
cant wait too party for your bday this weekend.
yes. Slaughters my soul.
Days off are boring
Come to think of it, yes!
I'm so done lol ..
I'll come get you myself. Should I bring a wheelchair??
mother charged with OVI, speeding and endangering child after Hilliard Police stop her with her 6yo in the car. story at 11
#cody hey, how's your day been?
Paul Westhead Revisited
follow me please ?(:
And we have a Winner Alex Bourne! Msg us your address & shirt size & we'll take care of the rest!
A very sad article. Hope the local church will open their doors to these families! It is happening everywhere:(
Today's Feature: Truffle Mushroom & Brie Burger w/ caramelized onions Soups: Smoky Tomato Leek or Traditional Gazpacho
Still a little upset u turned down Carnivor! RT : can't wait for my lunch date with tomorrow!!
LMFAO! That is great. I need to send that and the condescending meme to about a dozen people.
Hey Hunters.
Family is going to the casino without me. Sucks being poor.
I've read about that workshop exercise. Katz needs to remember that male survivors may be present as well and don't disclose.
LOVE days like these.
have 2 tix to outstanding in the field dinner at jolie vue farm for tomorrow. $180 ea. anyone?
Omg...I quit. Now I'm having an allergic reaction to the med I was put on previously. I just can't. Jesus take the wheel... *sigh*
It's from hell. Like a Uhaul convention. Did you know that it's possible to triple-park them? Neither did I.
": exactly, we tell it how we see it" and how we see it is the only right way to see it
Bangin this school out, and workin on my music.
My face after watching the last episode of how I met your mother 😱
Gotta love it when local talking heads get mad when people call them out on it.
Happy Birthday to my seeester!!!! Off to find your Argentinian husband!
was getting my hair shampoo'ed. Greed creates an imbalance
sports day
get silly on www.aaron.tv
Would u rather have a good looking car thats slow or a old junk car with speed ???
Check us out in www.youngcouturemag.com
#EveryTwitterTimeline has that one person who is always at a party.
“: aye what's good how u been? I haven't heard from u in years” I know I'm good living in dc now :) how you?
I believe that old lady with the walker turned specifically to cough on me. Fucking cunt.
Heyo It's Rico. RT if you miss him
RT : Show tomorrow at The Speakeasy! Check the Myspace for details! This time it really IS all ages!!
that makes me feel so old.
I think death will be the death of me.
Ight...Time to work....and tweet
Still believing in my short #GBPJPY stance
after 7p would be best for me...gotta go get all buff an' stuff
Now the only bad part about that play is Espn & rest of sports world is gonna make it sound like they did the #Indians a favor
please follow (: ily
I know ... I'm trying... There is still a chance here. Gotta stop them on 4th and 1.
gracias. You have to be on board too! And I'll help with your resolution ;)
I'm really not much of a bagel eater anymore, but oh -- that smell! Divine! I miss my oatmeal like crazy, though.
Browsing through UI/UX case studies, saw the caveat "At the time of this screenshot…" Good call.
24 days until the NAMI Walk on April 17th in Balboa Park www.namiwalksandiego.org
I Never said it was not sad but really there was noone who he could go see for help .Hell I went a doctor as a teen .Now 35
we get happier every time we see you! We love making burgers for you
Yes Nix!...let's go Bombers!
I nominate J. Lately for the #BayAreaFreshmen10 Class of 2012
Mumford & Sons on repeat all day
#NP Rick Ross - Bag Of Money
Aw shoot....I live by Google Translate.
You mad ? ; Stay mad ; Witcha mad ass.
#DCPS buses on the road. I wish a great first day to teachers, students, and admin.
Just finished re seeding a lawn that keeps disappearing. I'd have that landscaping thing down, if only it was supposed to resemble dirt!!!
Hello there. I'm great, thank you for asking!
Avenue 50 Studio featuring Linda Vallejo show "Make 'Em All Mexican" beginning 5/14. More info at www.avenue50studio.com
thank you ;P
Is having the scheduled match between & 's #ExtremeRules happening too soon?
Never a dull moment when goes on vacation...
Wait, what? The NBC cancellations have been leaked? Where?
We're having a play party, only wish there were a pool!
Hit me up practice from 6-8
Running 13.1 in the morning. Wish me luck!
omg yes the pelvic US is the worst they pressed right in my bladder not cool!!!
everyone loves cheeseburgers...
thats what i say when you dont go! :( im sorry.
Follow for their latest news, events, and gatherings
Breitbart lies.....dead!
Thanks. Wasn't meaning to tell you off about a + button but was just thinking I should do more googliness. Does anyone use +?
I c someone is a player hater lol
how much were your front row 1D tickets?
Might be mine too. RT : Glad you enjoyed it. It's right now, my favorite super hero movie of all time right now.
They make those Krispy Kreme donuts small so it takes a dozen just to get full!
2 days in a row I go to the K just to see the Royals blow it late in the game
How many charging calls is that for Melo in the series?? Ridiculous.
Viewing the real estate industry growth it's clear that Reno apartments are demanding more quality Reno property management services.
A new surprise every day...today it was a great morning quote from Max; "It's a beautiful sunny day today Dad! I love sunny days!"
Sorry for the delay, thanks for much - hope to see you back soon!
inspiration is self sustained within me. In other words, nah.
Right now just copy and paste into Google Docs for archiving- but in the market for a good automatic tool (prefer no pay!)
“: I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things changed.”
its sucking very much right now.
A class act on/off the field. RT "Retiring from the NFL is not a period, just a comma." Fred Taylor
Maurice Sendak... SO SAD! RIP
Suggestion for #IU12 , He and innovating online ads recognizing shift from page to activity-based media
Last night was such an epic show with at the hard rock in Hollywood. Thank you so much to everyone who came out. So much fun!
Today in 1996, Underworld hits #2 in the UK with "Born Slippy" from the 'Trainspotting' soundtrack.
2 finals down....one to go...then SUMMER!!
"sex aint better than love"
Adele might set fire to the rain.. But SpongeBob can make a campfire under water ...
if madison gets a girlfriend that isn't me ill cry
RT : Willow better be on his best behavior. Yes Gamecock
Inspiring talk by tonight celebrating the 15th anniversary of the !
The helpdesk is suggesting logging out and back in. If you still have trouble, try a msg to Help on bottom toolbar
S/O follow him and show love!
U go get ur friends, n il get my friends, n we can b friends throu this evry weekend
Moring all!! AAVG looking for a great week.... ASK has Thinned over last week
OMG!! School is almost over!!!
wait, this is so awkward , i didn't get a new DM from youu !
Any ?s RE: or anything else for &/or special guest co-host ? Tweet at us NOW!
when will PlayOn support playing videos from a NAS device? Mapped drives don't currently work...under Windows 7 as least.
I used to read but making stuff up is faster." — Scott Adams
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
Need a 5 Hr Energy, quick!
“: The London Olympics just called. They want me and my cats to do the opening ceremonies dressed as chimney sweeps.”
Math 366 midterm wasn't bad. Almost finished with these three days from hell.
Peaceful Christmas, from LPMR! Personal & Professional EMR-hand held.
Iv never been on a real date either :c
#ride2CW ROCKSTARS and made it on single speeds!
the only clock I spotted seemed to be spot on. Maybe someone got to it since you last saw it?
I know...this stuff is like rocket fuel.... I can't make it through the day without it!
Hope everyone is having an awesome Thursday!
Back in Richmond for second time this week;for Sorensen Institute program. Dinner program speaker is The Speaker, Delegate Bill Howell.
its unattractive if the other guy hates weed but if he loves it den u in luck
Getting ready for some brainstorming on a Friday morning at
Ima tat a M on each butt cheek, so when I bend over it says mom, and when I flip it says wow mom...
Isn't that a hoot?
Had a good time with hubby and son today. A lazy day of watching Hulu, laughing and his yummy cooking.
comes and goes by greg laswell<3
make sure you have the cheese curds at old fashonied. and make sure you get there early.
Time to clean the apartment, then go to the library, study French, work on papers for FAFSA, and who knows what else the day brings. :)
be safe my dude. Enjiy
here we go, here we go! They have playef better, we though ate ready to score. # sportingkc
It's my night off. I am usually there on Thursdays! I will be around though. Are you stopping in?
Why not have a DH in both leagues? Tired of watching pitchers attempt to hit/bunt.
Hooray!! Reaching 80th follower. Yes, 80 not 8000! :-) Quality not quantity. 80th will receive a big shout out! Will that be you?
Lynch throws props to the Junior Seau Foundation
you brought this upon yourself.
Up grinding field work weight room cowboy nation CWO C
Back state side chillin with mr deblasis
with humbleness, I thank you. If you want to purchase, I ship as well.
I do a lot of both..,
Posting an "eww, geeks are icky!" article on a geek-centric site seems like trolling for that exact response to me.
I hate DE but it almost would have been better if she chose Damon. At least that would have been different instead of the same recycled SL's
After updating to iOS 5.1, my iPhone says 4G in the status bar.
RT CNN reports Japanese Gov't formally requests US help. You can help too: Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10. Pls RT
> #www.genosbadgerweddings.com :)
Papers for English...
u should've kept napping, ppl in L.A. having nightmares rite now! #clippers still a young team tho. Future looking bright!
Getting hyped up for the white out on Friday.
A little tipsy eating at Olive Garden with the rents. Surprised they haven't noticed hahaha
My dinner so far has consisted of peanuts and bottled water.
bunch and I was like ooohhhh yeah. I knew a lot of those. Haha I also only knew Dublin for Irish towns.
yeah! we had our last meeting there and I was pleasantly surprised. the sweet potato fries were phenom.
I <3 how I feel like the parent, cause my mom is at training for her new job, and my dad sits on his Ass!Blaming my mom for shit
some guy literally spit on my shoe today and i didn't even know him. yup, he seemed like a pretty nice person.
An old man with a walker yelled, "I like your hair" as I walked into the gym. #i'vestillgotit
Just found two old Celtics game day publications, One autographed by Antoine. GIDDY.
yes, the waiting game...good luck!
Banking groups challenge Colorado right-to-foreclose ballot initiative
yo I just sent my email, check ya dm... let's work !
I have to work at 7am why am i still up.
i just wanna go to the UK with my friends and go to milkshake city and have a jolly good time lol
RT None of my ex can compare to my next :*.. ..whoop!
Thank you so much! Hope you had a great weekend- still getting used to all of this Twitter stuff. Any tips?
A fun filled night of online government is starting now...
I think i should go lift before work. I know this will back fire tho
If you'd like to register for a casting director #workshop then either call, msg on here or email
Oh ok. Let me get in the house and I'll hit u rite back.
Thanks! Will do!
: Gnite sweetheart get u sum beauty rest
Add textbooks of classes that you might take in college. Don't have to be the exact ones.
Q3d So be first to break news to your community! Let your social community rely on you to curate the news!
Tomorrow is a big day!
Have a great weekend ACC'ers! God Bless, and be safe!
Forever Young makes me wanna cry.
Today, God allowed me to spend 4.5 millions in production cost. And 1 million in setup cost.I have never spent much money on myself before.
It's gonna be a junk food weekend for me people! I've got cupcakes on the brain from looking at 's Pictures!!!
Sometimes my curly hair makes me wanna go bald >_<
Wonderful reading tonight with et al...can't wait for what's next!
:) see! i'm good for something
Heat is just Hate misspelled. Go Bulls.
everybody check out my song titled "sometimes" its a personal favorite and it really describes some of the stuff that be on my mind...
Some random guy at the gas station paid for my coffee this morning :)
Thanks for the tips, ladies! So far I've identified the builder, who's still in business. Left a VM. Library is next!
thanks:] Hope to see you in New York.
AGREED. Watch the one on SMU: "The Pony Excess." Best one I've seen. I'm having a hard time w/BoSox and then Steinbrenner...
Dogs do not have sweat glands so they pant to keep cool. Be aware of your pets , how would you like to be wearing a fur coat in this heat.
I wld really love to meet in like real life time like im in live with yhu
Goodluck on your finals tomorrow! can't wait to see you 2!
Theme of our unbelizeable adventure...
Waiting on my mama at ha shop, so she can do my hair!!!!!!
B/c it's #NFLDraft welcoming a good friend to the Twitterverse even if she is a fan!!!
lol sorry :b
Jump on my #FF. Please follow a new twitter-tri-biz owner-nice dude-friend-speed demon on the bike/run.
Apparently I look awful in black dress pants. I thought this was the case, but it was confirmed by all the comments I received tonight.
The difference between having less and having more is the challenge you decide to conquer.
I ain't bout to entertain that shit on twitter thats all a fool want is sum attention but this who people respect? terrible
your music helped me get through the shitfest of finals! But it also helped me gain this wicked hangover! Ha!
yeah, going to be fun! Thanks for RT'ing :)
Just terrible turnovers plaguing the ducks
Go Occupy
I wonder what the actor making it thought when they did it
Mass. Alimony Reform Law Goes Into Effect Today. Are you currently receiving alimony? Were you expecting to for life?
When are you coming back to Dallas?
Thanks for following, Stephen!
On my way to my last game of this season..dreary day but let's still get this W.
yeah. The imperial march phase lasts a while. For my daughter right now it's Christmas songs. Especially nutcracker and Rudolph.
Today is #WhyILoveMuseums day! What do you love about museums? What do you like most about LBMA?
I miss you mucho babe!! <3 :)
Omg my bed. Thank you tiny baby don't even know a word yet Jesus. Another fun day tomorrow!
YES!!!! RT : GOBAMA! RT : ABC News: Obama officially affirms gay marriage support
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class? Me: Obviously not, that’s why I whispered it.
: I moved back to cedar hill
it's ok! Glad I was able to get the word out!
forrealz doe. “: like seriously though when are you coming to Miami?!”
I have to move forward with my life so I need ppl that are moving in the same direction..not trying to pull me back.
your icon is my life, haha
time to mix my drink so i can BARE real housewives of new jersey.. im going to drink every time they say teresa's name
Going to school. :/
got home from the meet and went straight to babysitting. I'm falling asleep faster than the kids...
Lol! Thanks for the pass! and explaining it was a Star Wars reference- they still never told me! Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The mac n cheese, cornbread and greens ARE BOMB! I went last month with and he just had a bullshit waffle. :-p
Congrats for being the #1 NYC Sales Brokerage Firm for the 10th consecutive year!
Enjoying the warmth of the house while listening to/watching the freezing cold wind. *Grateful*
Thanks for the support!
If you listen closely Rick Santorum can be heard doing play by play commentary in the Zapruder film
#xdlab it's magic: 8 to 10 a.m. at Translator on Tuesdays and Thursdays
This flight is so early I had to set my alarm for a time that is occasionally the time I go to bed.
I was gonna get a Jag but ima get a Prius instead
Note to self: I'm doing the impossible this week!
Good read but WAY off on the score - Go !
Hoping Mother Nature is prepared to go back to spring when May rolls around. I think April was a bust.
RT #timbus student or intern position in #digitalpreservation of business processes at SAP Research Zürich http://...
Thought iPhone was a smart,my shit misspelling words that I've spelled correctly from the jump
Sadder than Six Feet Under?
I love that people are liking it too haha.
KEY TO SUCCESS: “Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.” -
I'm loving your music :) When you come back to Cali we should write a song together!!
-'`eatinqq some omelets -_- very DELICIOUS! [yummy]
My mom yelling on the phone (-__-)<<<<< lol
Love how Lebron plays hot potato just there
Oktoberdest=massive amounts of beer
I want a good girl
The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice.
Happy birthday boo !
I like how you list "ginger" as the very first thing in your profile :)
they all sexy ;d
that one friend that can make everything better just by the way they talk
Thanks for checking-in Amy! What did you get?
I miss my long hair
So I'm screwed either way!
Everyone please go follow please. She's so cool and loves 1D <3
It didn't.
Finding the Right Drug Treatment Program | Drug Abuse Reviews
Congratulations to Dana Schon on being named Professional Learning Director for the School Administrators of Iowa.
Order up your food, from the Ambassador. Our drivers are so fast, you'll think they have a flux capacitor. (Google it ;)...
The yanks took the series and Robby looked great at the plate
A Year In The Making.... One more hour. COME ON.
Welcome to IEPPal's new twitter account. Thank you for following.
The southside is loving the new DB #PINKMOSCATO! Stop by United Liquors in Country Club Hills for a bottle!
33 DVD's duplicated and printed... In the hour!! Time for bed...
Hi there! :D
I caught giving head to a homeless man in exchange for aluminum cans
Great start rangers... But we need more
Oh My God from Kingdom Come
Where have you Been !??
<<<Coming to Harlem World to cook rainbow trout and stuffed shrimp and mushrooms....where u at?
Q: What are the odds that the Journal Sentinel will run a front page headline treating Walker's magic jobs numbers seriously? A: 100%
Sorry I'm late but, HELL YEAH!!
Im so bored
providence iS completely silent right now.
doing great!!! Thanks for asking!! Have a wonderful day!
So gloomy today...
oh it was like 5 years ago. i remember that some were oddly worded, or that some of the questions didn't address certain issues
#ThingsMoreLikelytoHappenThanStoglinPlayinginNBA: Kim Kardashian will join the Convent.
GmG's new single :D sometime tonight.
What a moment VIP backstage with At Escapade Dallas TX.
Was in the neighborhood where the "Keith Urban" show is happening tonight. Apparently he's a "big deal." So is "herpes."
Just got back from the local green home business meeting. Helping with web presence.
“: Redefine yourself. Leave in 2011 all pain and frustation, face 2012 with your heart full of strenght” yes.
where is that. I dont understand this techy stuff
I'm so excited for tonight.
Filled out my first NCAA bracket ever, based on no knowledge of college ball whatsoever...and chose Syracuse to win it all.
I swear I can't wait for school to be over, cause I'm tired of people waking me up! Last two weeks, thank god!
I just bought a new phone and I love it
Hope you enjoy that $1 meal :)
Louisville Coach wakes me up & we have a great convo. I'm motivated even more now. Cardnation!
What a shot Mr.Kuric!
Still a Jordan Fan
Thanks for another great article in The Networker. Always good info and insight.
Question, Do you play any other games besides COD?
Almost time for #iQ WOO:D
Are you moving here?
RT : once again, a woman stopped me when i'm wearing a purchase. i need SS/ business cards!
Save the world.. In the same font letters of the limited time wristband
Northbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open. Southbound is still closed.
For an affordable elegant touch to your HOA, try landscape lighting. Also, try using solar lights to save money on running cables & power
You're welcome!
Who does Aaron Garcia think the best quarterback in AFL History is? Himself. Nothing against that. The man is an legend
- thanks Tony! We're working on some things here and will be reaching out to our customers over the next few weeks.
no yours is much worse
I do what I do to win
I am sure OZ would be proud! :)
Trying to recover from this meat coma at
sounds like a well balanced day. Hope that leads to a good Monday! Enjoy your week.
I still remember that day u asked us for help i gave you that push...and now he won't say hello
"It's only words... unless they're true."
I swear to God I'm gonna kill my sister's baby daddy! I might be getting married from a jail cell this weekend instead of on the river!
Bra, kick Mike's ass! He is always trying to get you in trouble!
if you think taking a picture of yourself and putting in a little book is facebook you might be a digital redneck!
A 93 WAS possible, but I totally didn't make that.. Here's to having a B in German! :(
Can't believe #football tix are sold out for Saturday's game ! I should have gotten my season tickets ..ugh
when will you get your phone back?! i have so much to tell you. like SO much.
Also teaching is diff than other profs My son's worst teacher was another kid's best
Watching "'s Off Their Rockers." Fucking hilarious! Love the elderly people. :)
Cleaning up my twitter stream a bit, had a lot of people that no longer tweeted.
Plc is a god send
MTRT : Heartland invited me to debate skeptic , I declined due to a conflict if I accepted, would cancelafter new ad campaign
yeah kourtney is my fav too. But I'm still your fav half armo right?
Merry Christmas everyone
": I go to sleep thinking about you, and I wake up thinking about you. What don't you understand?"
1) The def is the general scouting one. I was just applying Greinke to that standard. KG has nothing to do w/ it directly.
well shoot! Then I owe you tickets to another game. Or I can visit again soon which would be just as exciting as the unc game!!
not from the stage btw(he peaked out the curtain bf the show..it was literally a glance)
Is bringing sexy back? Tonight at 9p I interview the Chicago-area doctor who introduced the anti-cellulite treatment.
": Time for a sweep." Like the sound of that
hi claire!
Oh fuuuu. Not good.
Some of you hoe's be fuck'n with lil niggaz think'n they big dawgz buhh they just a puppy
Getting ready listening to Moment 4 Life. Seriously such a good song! Hoping for a Icicle Dust/Nicki Minaj collab in the future!
Congrats, guys! Sorry I couldn't make it to the shoot. Next time!
we are too. Thank you!
#HonestTweet I wanna go in the mud put again with out the running shit..
Show stresses me out. Can't take it. RT : I recorded 10 hours of hoarding today this show
hahaha yes this may be true or perhaps it would just make the time go by faster ;)
yes that was in Maui over by the dragons tooth. :)
And the excuse you gave was that it was the only way to remember their name but u called out their name before I answered????
Hopefully it's there. Great way to follow your team without spending big$ or switching to Direct TV. Fun to follow for FFL too.
thats because none of them are from brooklyn
if u got any u can stop by tomorrow around 4. I got the house this weekend
never so muthafucken deep
okay garrett nickelsen is such a perfect human being, why can't there be guys like him at my school?
sure may not read tonight. Was just going to bed but will tomorrow. Nice meeting u :)
Best album for Born This Way!! But who gives a fuck it's the PCAs
Im So Extraordinary :) <3
Happy birthday. :]
“: dude always inspired to see your creations and those of your great stylist.” same to you! Thank you
Get your Ludacris tickets! Still on sale at the Hub, $20, mezzanine level tickets. Concert is next Tuesday at 730 PM at the House of Blues!
Did You Know? Dry Smoke Residues - Result from fast burning fires at high temperatures.
it froze
no i just got finished talking to her and she want to talk to me tonight on oovoo.she a really cool person.:)
It's good to see you're using Twitter the right way.
This is really preparation for Prometheus.
No, lol wow Jacob. you misunderstood this whole thing.. Lol I am gonna shut up now. :)
would u rather he hug you? Bwahahah
it took my 2 years to get 69 followers, but only a couple months to get 200 more.
": Ha! i tried my SIU best...now wheres ....Not ur "SIU best" lol! This baby is still in my tummy 7 weeks to go!
Spaghetti Thursday tonight. $3.50 for a heaping plate of spaghetti with meat or vegetarian sauce. Check it out, fans!
catching rays
*Slays sleep monster*
Hey moms, be ready to try different sizes/brands of bottles/nipples. Consider bottles designed to limit swallowed air.
Thanks to all who participated in today's CampusHelp User Group! To learn more, please contact or DM us here!
yea it was, loved when the background was changing colors. the spotlight will be on us!
my theatre was lame!!
Watching alcatraz...good stuff...
when we're u Dx'd ? On any treatment?
I like fb better my opion my change tho..
Corey brewer OWNS the lake show.. Game 1 down 16 last year
Stomp off to your room then, bigot, and cry about how ur being "abused"
That feeling when you realized you put your skinny jeans in the dryer.....
didn't know there was one for the locals.
: Can we have Chana masala at our CHICKPEA party(TM)?!
Listening to on WOW does this bring back the memories. Good times, good times . . .
RT - #EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont ever like the new england patriots
and I'm ready to woop somes ass from seymour
Didn't "eat" lunch to be over... typo or sign of how much you enjoyed it haha?
I don't want to know what you are listening to.
Today was the first commute into work on my revamped single-speed Schwinn Le Tour from Two Wheels. It was like riding on air...
I WISH Y'ALL COULD SEE MY DMs. THESE MUTHALUVVAS IS SICK....I'm going thru my monthly DM DELETION and woah.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie
Next session: Social Media Technology Innovation.
I'm having trouble being productive because my feet are so cold. ; _ ;
I suppose if women can wear things to flatter their boobies men should be allowed to wear things that flatter the junk. But they shouldnt
hey friends of 710! is working on a new multiple-sectional work to #PhilipGlass, and auditioned more
Bogut has been abusing Hawes all day!
It's kind of sweet, but I just LOVE it. Very raj.
damn im 14 o.o
congratulations on a great day! It's the first of many great events to come!
Out to breakfast before I take Mom to the airport :(
If I've observed all the rules, I'd never have gotten anywhere.
Ariel Luckey in 303 is about to begin "exploring white privilege and US history through theater, hip hop, new Free Land Curriculum Guide."
Good morning. I'm getting ready to write a book review...Hope you know it's Tuesday and not Monday. The holiday mixed me up.
he gave us that penalty one time and we threw it in the trash! I'm doing great! You're just as gorgeous as ever!
i love your love !
you grew man hands? if only Hinske had caught it...
I just looked in my closet n said the same thing
President Obama & President Reagan join forces to put pressure on the extremely wealthy for fair share taxes - flusters Rush. - JDG
It's about that time to crack a cold one
Happy Friday and Happy Hour going on 4-6. Come by and relax for a bit.
Do you make for me a favor? can u wish for my mom happy birth day !! please.............
Heard a newscaster said "it was inspirement" Inspirement?!? Maybe he was just excited about the news....
As regular visits to remind, there's nothing on Earth like being a Red. Proud of our club & our fans today. Roll on August.
oh yeah that's right! The 11s have been so popular recently!
RT : last thirsty thursday with the portland beavers ever.
Way more compliments than I deserve. ;) Thank you. Loved your camera periscope.
I already want a drink!
You met a player, had kids then were dumped. Don't need to make a movie for that.
That's precisely what I'm saying.
Good for you, Congratulations!
NOTHING BRAH. How sha dowin? Haven't talked to u n ageesssssss :(
is stalking me as we tweet !
The inspector comes today :) PS I'm mad at Gretta. Let's get together this weekend please!!
& it was so much fun even though I got really dizzy
Rick Lee and the Night Owls this Friday at 9pm.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
Doing great things RT Although thr is the fact tht oh, just, you knw...3 weeks until I'm in Africa. To live. For 2 yrs. Oh my.
BOL you should be nice cause im nice hehe :)
'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Stunts, Effects And Other Secrets Revealed!
I learned from this that I'm pretty sure I need a Chiweenie.
lucky ugh i'm supposed to be doing my latin project oops
Sorry Adam you can't win!
it's almost that time!
RT : Do you use your comm'l printers design services? Take this wk's poll, bottom of printbuyersinternational.com
Ready to serve you this Small Business Saturday. Dbl Punch Drink is Pumpkin Spice Latte. Moving Sale 10-30% OFF Everything in the Store!
Have resisted the urge to buy the tabloids w/Teen Moms on the cover. For now...
Cool, sounds like u are qualified for that task of being a judge, enjoy! :)
Your fucking what? 40!? Shouldn't you have better things to do than spread rumors around town about a 16 year old!?
Let ur passion be PURE...What profits a person 2 gain fame but lose focus, gain notoriety but lose notability, gain riches but lose respect
Happy pi day. Especially at 1:59 and 26 seconds
And Friday is here I'm gonna make it Last forever
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F A FEW CLOUDS: 65F A FEW CLOUDS
Call this number. just call it. 719-266-2837
Mizzou's Kim English just said "Come on, Joe Lunardi, give us a number 1 seed--no conference losses". I agree.
I feel you! It's a shame that so many people are forced to work with non-boosted data all mixed in with other data.
Headed over to to start prepping for our anniversary party
Thanks for following me!
So happy to read that the hype and awesome reviews for "The Avengers" is all focused on Joss Whedon!
Reading that shit was like being psychoanalyzed.
for me, it's coupons/discounts for online shopping :)
This is great.
What a difference a day makes. I love dealing with honest straight forward people and businesses.
This headache is brought to you by the makers of Tylenol. Good gracious.
I saw youu walking in the rain, you were holding hands and id never be the same
Its been long time since I felt like this
what a shitty game. I'm sitting next to a Cards fan.
heh. I don't think I've REALLY been using Twitter until just recently... I got it all pimped out with the TweetDeck/Twhirl combo now.
Just got off of work..i got to be back at work in the morning i got to case my paper...more money more money..
I wish I was British, if just for the accent.
Right back atcha, Elizabeth!
you and hager send me the pictures from Saturday nigh lol all of them! I must see them .. ohgod. That was fun.
working/filming till later tonight...I'll hit you up then
#love is how you stay alive
drama day
says the guy with a ring from 1990, still have your "George Bush Sr pin too?
RT They're selling T-shirts in Pittsburgh with images of Tiger Woods and Ben Rothliesberger with the caption: "Dumb and Dumber"
You finished it - yay! :)
Damn dey done got Bin Laden hell naw
KISS crew took a road trip to Jemez Springs Bath House today......best massage in years
Happy Monday everybody!
Wait a minute? Since when did Bristol Palin become a "Star"? You gotta be kiddy me! Well one more show that I'll never watch again.
Bruce Lee~ True refinement seeks simplicity.
That's so random. I know of a gas station in San Antonio,too, where you can get Chinese food to go. Really took me by surprise
congrats Alec Baldwin with your girlfriend
Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in
you're on my mind all day and night...
Get smart about the college of your choice. Bunker Hill University has 3rd shift classes when are always filled.
I thought about D Will as I typed it but Paul is a better teammate. D Will made Jerry Sloan retire so he lose stripes for dat
Good day art world! I am really looking to connect with architects and interior designers on eco friendly and green projects for my work!!
Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!!!
Camera Obsura is my soundtrack for this afternoon.
We rock bacon on hand sandwiches.
text me, girly! We need to talk! :)
Please learn how to use email And STOP hitting reply ALL. I have gotten 20 emails in the last hour that have nothing to do with me
Caribou lou
at least i get the ball more in the bench than you playing lmao
I just told a female the less you talk the better you look!! Lmao
Thank you to everyone who came out last night. Wasn’t the Fibich Quintet wonderful?!
Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point.
If I never hear about the 2004 super bowl ever again in life it will be too soon
Night to my Angel Jay...
#floggingmolly is the order of the evening.
Yup! Big adjustment for me, but it's rewarding to get more done, and also be able to enjoy the day!
NBA Basketball Star & Philanthropist Dikembe Mutombo has joined our Celebrity Advisory Board. Check out his great nonprofit org. www.dmf.org
"God Doesn't Roll Dice" Albert Einstein
we Turned Up!! Who's tha coldest Manager/Marketing Director?
How does Bynum not get a call under there...
We had a great day working with yesterday and we're excited to bring all the creativity back to the salon today!
so you're golfing now? LOL Just had to say that. Made me giggle for real
Island of the Blue Dolphins, My Side of the Mountain, and Robinson Crusoe were my favorite books when I was a kid.
A surprising author perspective on the case for Amazon. A new player in the ring with ?
No one has a right to adopt - The Guardian
Think I need to get out of the DC area; contemplating on moving to Cleveland, OH.
Editing all the pictures we took today of the new AllCrowns hats!
#hth2012 "Open" means different things. Open does not just mean a data fire-hose, but caring about larger impacts
I just saw 2 hummingbirds humping...what a beautiful world
Playing words with friends I'm addicted lls!!!!!!!!
lobster salad, lobster taco, yellow tail, black cod, rock shrimp, bento box! A must on every visit!! MY FAVORITE!! 😄
Brutal stuff.
That dog nearly had me.” chanel outlet uk | E-Tech-World
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust20
The keg is tapped to start my 5th decade on your planet. Come on over.
stick a fork in the #tribe as they are done, traded half the farm system for at best a #4 starter only becasue we have the head case fausto
Last couple weeks of school. Praise the lord (((:
When #oomf calls to just say I love you. >>
Best anniversary present ever!
A good software professional is an entrepreneur, an effective communicator, an innovator, a leader, a mentor, a student and a
I feel a little bit better after that phone call.
yes. Unapologetically. Yes.
Sign up now for Racket Sport Saturday: 2-5pm on court 6!
I said the same thing but once I started watching it I couldn't stop.
I just love depositions where witness and counsel speak clearly and don't interrupt each other
Had a great day thanks. Hope your having a nice Boking day!
Tour the Saint Francis Chapel with Ken Kramer in this clip from his show, "About San Diego!"
would either of you be interested in going to prom with Kenny Tenzca?
I am determined to grow my hair this summer
:D RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our "Hunger Games".
I just want to watch the "high school musical" movies and eat yogurt...
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Thanks, I love your iconic look and illustrative quality!
i want it
Same here Laz. Good luck with all the cool things you, and #EqualLogic r doing. Keep it real out here :)
Great site!
poetry for the illiterate, inspiration for the jaded.
San Francisco Creates Green Leasing Toolkit for Commercial Buildings
C My Marketing Tool Ucan Take ur TVShow2 MassMarkets C www.Video-TV-Email.com CLive-Web-Demo 8:15pm est www.connieislive.tv
We're freebasing TEA
Q: What do Robert Coles, Tracy Kidder,& Norman Mailer have in common? A: All 3 matriculated at Harvard. #Giveaway!
je veux aller a Paris... s'il vous plait? #ispeakfrench .... Well i try to speak french ;)
Wishing the happiest birthday ever!
Are you gay?
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography to Kppreventsandmarketing. Visit cambridgejones.com
Brought the #tenzingtasting crowd to Big Star.
Working #dogs or herders such as border collies are often muscular, good tempered, and well behaved
Hard at work writing new songs...
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Congratulations! We love Apple Products - they make life so much easier!
Jealousy can be healed but it takes attention, intention and the desire to change
Thanks for that link. I like the OneS. They said the SIII will have an even bigger screen so that turned me off right away.
Goin to pick up my bro itx ben so long!
Anyone playing the new Angry birds 'Space'?
Glad to hear sexism is good for something.
One the one hand, it tells us only about SF, not all of California. But getting the paperwork right is important.
haha - good one
you never get too old for peanut butter & banana sandwiches for
RT : Today's the last day to see "Coraline" in 3D? Drat. I'm going to miss it. Lame, lame, lame...
Wade's basketball IQ is the second worst on the team. Literally goes without saying who's first
Sounds too good to pass up! RT : Chris' Marketplace will have gazpacho today at Penn Quarter FFM!
Boarding the ferry to Victoria today with a too-big borrowed bike, ready to explore the island & learn GIS at
#birthday happy super bowl kelly's birthday sunday :)))))))
What if I don't even want to?
so glad to hear it! Enjoy over and over again
It's actually a huge pain point for me that most incident and breach metrics are of questionable value for an airport.
Yes sir!! RT : THURSDAY NIGHT Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas
yeah I'm thinking the same thing ^^ but I won't for a lil bit still
Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
you'll see it one day. They have commercials with a guy always putting his foot on a barrel
Wow...the crash at today's #Indy race in Vegas may be the worst crash I've ever seen. Thoughts go out to drivers involved. On #ABC now.
": We've had positive reviews from just about everyone who's thrown one."less effort more distance...crazy feel...
I've definitely slept long enough.... Doesn't mean I wanna get up, though.
a star with like swirls and stuff idk hard to explain. Under my collar bone. Haha but yaa I got it done wend. Soo yaa lol
Yes! I think the same
I'm trying to watch Key Largo but my brain won't stop singing that damn Bertie Higgins song. Send help.
I think I'm going to dye my hair magenta after graduation. Hm.
All orders received today will be sent out first thing tomorrow. Still 3 uses left on our #bogo promo!
How did it go? Give is the real scoop?
Every time I hear the new McDonalds chicken bites commercial, it honestly sounds like "chicken butts."
Hey Infiniti Owners...Did you know that we offer an Exclusive Valet Service for clients who purchased their Infiniti at Infiniti of Denver.
I'll know some girls want to be like me but they cant..FUCKK ALL MY HATER'S OUT THERE
Wow, the #Canucks are playing like they *really* want that Stanley Cup! Oh, wait...
can you PLEASE tweet the audio of the news report on police officer 69??? HILARIOUS!
IBM launches Mobile Foundation enterprise application platform at Impact 2012
i texted it atleast 100 times :)
I know! I checked and rechecked before I realized it's really Friday and corrected myself! ...Been a hectic week! Sorry. :)
well not a kings fans, but wouldn't want to be on the wrong end of that. Don't poke the sleeping bear.
who, me?
- In retrospect, I think you'll agree you could have handled it better. I am a progressive and think the story is bs also.
Giants get former USC Trojan LB Keith Rivers from the Bengals. :)
Apparent superluminosity:One of those concepts - if U can get some understanding here it unlocks a good bit about light ....
Hey, sharing is caring. ;)
please follow me :D 30
"Be not simply good -- be good for something." ~Henry David Thoreau
...look elsewhere.
I hate when a botched act sneeky n get caught n try to lie about it like a nigga fuckin stupid
can you follow me so I can message my email to you? I don't want to get spammed!! thanks!
Realizing what's actually important in life.
Excited for tomorrow morning's announcement of a relevant, up-and-coming hip hop artist coming to Turner Hall Ballroom this May.
Seriously. There's a livestream if you're interested. Dunno if it's back up though.
We're playing at tonight! $6! All ages! We go on around 11, but get there early and see some cool bands
Decided to stay in a hotel instead of with family.. It was just way to stressful last Nov.. Too much damn drama! (:
all the boys with girlfriends love you
are you still experiencing this error?
I know what my Growler will be doing around Aug 27th or so!
So many frustrations today, my poor hubby has to listen to them all, oh dear!
Please help a new Author out I Promiss u r going to love the book
Precious gifts of friendship... knowing the heart of another, sharing one's heart with another.
Thanks! next time you need sitar hit me up!
when you leaving ??
What was that book you told me I could read to learn more about bipolar?
sweet tv spot... Willie Nelson's vocals on the Scientist -
My Rangers won!! Yeah!
Glad to hear that! Drinking is also helpful if you need an effective (but unhealthy) distraction.
What would you like to talk about this week?
Ron Paul wouldn't submit a balanced budget for 2013? Or is it just kind of implicitly agreed that Ron Paul is excluded
Is it time for the bell to ring yet?
read my would you rather tweet
T minus 2 days till gets to party with at the TeeRex Spring Swing and finally kickoff !
This Sat. at is our Marshal/Driver meeting. Big thanks to all the volunteers who make the a player favorite
Less than 6 inches
cant swim remember... I'm like
Man dang derick rose u need some help
I've been awake for 40 days and 40 nights, and I just can't stop dreaming.
followed me on the other account & i wasnt even following him. FOR THE WIN<3333
“: It's about to get intense to the 18th all tied up go !” woo Hoo :)
was looking for you guys on Google+ but couldn't find you. What's your g+ URL?
Your thoughts are the initial keys to a successful New Year. Dream Big, Think Bigger, Think God-sized Thoughts!
Wait, what? Already? MT : BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING. Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY. Wine Shop open till Friday-50% OFF EVERYTHING
The new S-400 hybrid is taking off. 21 mpg city
Rollin with and enjoying this crazy awesome fl winter weather. Ah
In January there were 6 visits to one of our websites from someone who was using Internet Explorer 2.0. How is that even possible?
Stuck in gym with le twats 8D I hope I dont get hit by a basketball
Hezbollah story on 10news.com getting much web traffic. A/g in Tijuana says he knows of NO Shia enclaves in Baja. My source is solid. jw
sent them tracks couple hrs ago u listen to them
Man, former UL assistant coach and UC head coach Mick Cronin gives UL a 10% of beating UK. WOW
How many bedrooms?
Look at the passing.
A good day turned bad
Research support professionals see opportunity with grad students who may be open to new methods/training.
#iUseToThink that I would be living in Cali by now
It is laughable how people think they understand social strategy just because they have a Facebook account.
well get positive and cheer your happy ass up.
“ #Gemini woman breaks more hearts than the women in any other Zodiac.
One of those days when I am SO EXCITED about SO MANY THINGS!!!!! Or maybe it's just the smell of freshly baked cookies
Why can't we be friends ?
lol ok , carlos is gonna call you ok :P
I assume everyone in tv has weave now. Lol So last time, my mom and I were watching tv and each time a person came on, we were like (c)
Goodnight to you
Haha, basically working with the labor departments to improve their organizations, make sure workers' rights are followed, etc
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
help me get the job done without costly classes, plus something everyone in my family could read and use.-Andrea R., Dallas, TX
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetsOnMyNerves ask me if I'm okay 24/7. i get that i'm fucked up, but you don't have to ask me constantly.
I've got a wonderful bunch of coconuts, dee-da-la-dee-dee...
RT : #Heat fans look as pale as their shirts.
BEVERLY HILLS THAT'S WHERE I AM RIGHT NOWWW
Karma is a bitch just make sure that bitch Is beautiful
#ThingsbetterthanUKfootball Charles Barkley's golf swing
The only time in my life I"ll ever vote for is for the Madden cover so Megaton doesn't get the curse.
spent all day perfecting a final project poster
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
