Da girls didn't just backstab me she backstabed all my bestfriends!I was going to beat her but I thought twice before I did!and I'm glad!
I never understand why people eat at McD's and places like TGI Fridays in NYC!
Blush Brides! Email us your wedding photos and receive a makeup lesson to recreate your look...!!!
oh yes tell me about it. And many don't really know that Cinema is Benny's track and Skrillex only remixed it.
lmao I dnt no wat that means... I'm not hip
so now you're an owner.. I see
Thanks for the follow. The #red #sox going to be good this year? We're pulling for the #brewers here in
T.Guy currently killing the cypher at SF2 south.
Wow Afflalo layed it up near Bynum and didn't get punched in the chest!
RT : WARNING: #Clear Internet sucks. Don't buy it. They lie about "free returns." Their ethics suck more than their service.
Module 1 complete - this is going to be one epic #weightloss program. We'll be A LOT closer to our goal of helping 1 million ppl!!
21 Jump Street. \m/
There are too many experts and too many studies.
Things are now look fuzzy but somethings needs to clear up.
Just picked up my #StrangeClouds album. Can't stop listening to 'So Good'! Strange Clouds should win Album of the Year!
Thanks for the RT bud!
Hanging w the family!
The process of seeing beyond your limitations allows you to break free from who you’ve known yourself to be.-Debbie Ford
Ace hood got springs.
Hi Eddie!
Yes you got a picture!
At work
5ly75 btw his excuse 'i can't go online' is gay because you were getting him trophies BEFORE HE EVEN HAD A PS3 EVER CONSIDER THAT??????????
If you a dude, don't say "k" to me. That's gay.
I'm Shaina, the pregnant stripper, for tonight!
I woke up mad energetic I wanna go play a sport or some shit lol
(I love the timeframe: until once upon a time - I'm hooked)
“this is my life. it is my one time to be me. i want to experience every good thing.”
beta is coming along nicely! Look for a soft launch next Thursday!
I "think" they "were?" I'm just glad the guy who wanted to do "It's My Life" by Bon Jovi w/me left before that happened.
give me some mane lol
Recording my Web Series "Things I Love" Can't Wait For You All To See! <3
Can we just start football season already???? 🏈
oh no! I'm so so sorry! I just said a prayer for her. It's one of the deepest cuts to the heart. I'm so sad for her & family xo
but we got to keep striving to be better always...
The good times of today are the sad thoughts of tommorrow
Thanks for the follow, Kolby! Digging the tunes, man!
Sounds like these owners are not the most forthcoming types.
Wish I was watching barca real Madrid match
Shot more for Eva's music video today. They had ya boy in the wild wild woods, fighting flies and dodging cow dung.. Lol
Trying with some degree of success to get away with slacking.
dad to the rescue
I can't tell if it's snowing, sleeting, or raining!
I want to win the
One strategy I've found works fairly week is to identify coworkers, friends, and peers who use technology in a fun interesting way.
Next Thursday is index Opening Reception, which features two ha! artists: Dominique Zeltzman & Lexie Mountain. Hope to see you there!
And Gruene Hall on Sunday afternoon!!! 4-8pm, Jan 22nd. Hope to see a bunch of y'all at some point this weekend!
4. Your friends has to tweet “Now following because of @’friendtwitterhandle’.” We will announce the winner this Thursday.
Apologized to my son for screaming in public after #SDSU beat #Temple. :)
you're just jealous
Need to figure out why, despite having a lovely day full of great progression, that I think this ginger/tumeric tea is the best part of it
Country bar with my girl friends. Feels good to be home.
“: I hate you” I hate you too love
Want to scream into my pillow, since I can't do that. I'm going to take a nap and scream into that pillow 😏.
I'm either going to a tea party or paint balling this weekend. But knowing my friend we will do neither.
Where's the cheapest place for coffee in Seattle?
Cool summer mornings are not to go unappreciated. Great day for biking in a suit!
The reason I wake up in the morning is .. You ♥
You know the problem with living in the reality-based community? Too many damned truth vigilantes.
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips Only take the WaterTaxi on weekdays, its FREE!
So awesome to see what shows up in #Beertown now that we are tracking the hashtag again w/ the remount. Awesome = Hilarious
It's too hard to resist!
Wrong question. The real issue is why do men have to be slackers in movies so often. Speaking as one, we're not interesting.
Did you know that 1 quart size jar of JD's is enough to make 25-30 one cup servings?
Added 35 new bottles to our beer list today - bring some friends and check them out! Full list on our website.
also my dad was 40 years older than me so I didn't get away with the bullshit stuff others got away with doing/thinking/saying :)
thanks for the follow...now following you back :)
sunday is for brunch. 9am-2pm.
lol oh, no! Sorry!
Hey now, I'm tweeting too, Brittany!
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - I hope Obama traffic doesn't make me late for work again.
dude I'm down
It be like a puzzle tryna put you back together
(( sorry. You guys didn't have to do that. Id have been fine on my own. I usually am anyway. Lol. Im distracted as well ))
I have been hacked. Heck I can't fix it from my phone.
I'm thinking of something interesting to ask him! ;)
That is great. I would really be interested in bringing my small guild to your guild if you form a PVP guild.
Sporza says hip so you may be right
The American Cancer Society uses a "Blogger Advisory Council" to help them as a sort of kitchen cabinet says
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session! To find out more, please email
haha, greatest harry potter moments is trending! i wonder what will be number 1.... all moments are AMAZZINNNGGG.
Ciao, Bella! Italian Style Hits Macy’s Stores Tomorrow with the Alberta Ferretti Collection for Impulse
My bunny is trying to eat whats in my mouth her head is all in my mouth lol
Learned about very cool digital marketing tool today at Cardinal Club!
Always one or the other, never both!!! (RT : Go Ricci! Homerun on field or at the bar? Both?)
Up early to pack, 5pm to nyc and short drive to jersey shore.
Congrats -- ! -- look forward to seeing your vision for the mag....
agreed! Off the dribble game was a clinic! “: No illusion just the best scoring guard in NCAA history!!!”
I'm here in #Boston and was just thinking about a
my love, you're one of the LUCKY ones to be actually working in the field you LOVE. :)
what up Izzy! You check out my new track on my last tweet? Let me know what u think Homie.
...after trying everything for days to get a typekit font to resize, it took moving "font-size" below "font-color." Tons of fun.
Padres swung at 1st pitches in each AB in 1st inning. A cardinal sin & Plantiers responsibility to teach.
Those of you who work at wineries, do you mind people taking pictures while tasting?
I need this #working day to be over...and I need my #dinner to make itself. That'd be
I should probably go to sleep.
Where you work at
Anyone know if the mariners game is sold out tonight?
Sorry #conanobrien - your Donald Trump impersonation looked more like the banjo kid from Deliverance.
So far, #MondayFunday tomorrow is , a bunch of ladies and a dino.
Support desk is relatively quiet. Schools are winding down for the holidays.
thanks for the RT David!
Barbara Baldwin has joined Anne Arundel Medical Center () as Chief Information Officer.
My dad must have blazed that shit up like everyday cause he's paranoid as al hell
Parades are in November, Museums are in February!
I don't have a problem calling girls fat in there faces
"we have a vital national interest in quality of our public schools.A US child in poverty has a 9/100 chance of graduating from 4yr college"
cool RCAH activities this week: helped facilitate "pocket ofrendas" art activity at Day of the Dead event + more learning about assessment
Go to bed!!! ..... and quit cockblocking my
I want some hot wings!
:; we're on it Mahesh!! that was an awesome discussion.
God this crowd is late.
Will be on Fox 59 at 4:45 talking about an exciting new IDOE initiative. Tune in!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Ivy Restaurant - American (live updates)
They only hire monkey killers at this zoo.
We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98% of our food is prepared in house so stop in
How do we get this going. Moment of Silence: Power down our Macs, iPods, iPhones, iPads for a minute.
Lord I pray there's a way me and could attend !!! The #EpicNess would be immeasurable!!!!
Sometimes it feels like that on the train!
Ew , I have to take EOC today >.<
I'm a walking Travesty, but I'm smiling at everything</3
I tend to have a violent streak when it comes to mean ppl
long long day at school thrilled to be home(:
Hey I already posted where the NY Rangers are staying in DC right now
How could you push me right out of your world?
18. #Brewers 9 #Astros 6 | Homers are soaring / out of Miller Park tonight / like birds taking flight.
It can't be taught, but it can be learned!
And yet you are cutting most librarians. Hypocrisy! #LAUSD This one is award winning!
hey do you know if kia is playing?
is a punk
I'm not ignoring you. Like my tweet said, the wings were amazing. I def wanna go back sometime soon.
I think he will say yes!
Hi! Thanks for following!
THATS WHAT SHE SAYS EVERY TIME SHE SEES ME! AND THEN SHE ACTS LIKE IM A FREAKING BRAT!
RT : "Relationships are the agents of change and the most powerful therapy is human love." - Bruce Perry
Happy FollowFriday to every of you. You've listened to my rant, rave and go- on for a long time now. Id like to Thank each of you for that.
Gogo dancer that knows asl impressive
Thank you David for the follow!
Another successful day of writing!!
I'm going to go insane one if these days.
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 857-488-5387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars
a kiss on Yo forehead lol
Am I the only one who loves when it rains?
ya bro I'll be there
I promise I'll do it gently
we need to all link up and blow that loud. Doe I have seen you since emu damn my nigga lol
ooh good idea re: chard. I'm not a huge fan of it, but have too much of it in my garden
My mood is getting better 
Hey Chicago fans! Make it out on Monday to to hang out with us and of course, have a couple brews...
Mrs. Woods is annoying..
I am skeptical of this press release. Have you ever seen an officer who was not well-protected? I haven't.
Liner notes reference Colbert in CD benefit for with JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood BradPaisley etc
At the Doug McKenzie Mohr seminar in San Francisco on fostering sustainable behavior change
Well, I kind of don't mind for some minor occupations. Like background checks on people working with kids, elderly, etc.
The GOOD news: I'm up for a Production Director Job at a local, Portland radio company....say a prayer for me, okay???
Hoping God Send Me A Blessing Real Soon... I Need It... I Deserve It... 🙌🙏
#WOTD: we all hope for this! RT : Just met a 5 year old whose favorite bands are Wilco, Radiohead, and Deathclok
Ya'll ain't shit for blowing up these athlete's twitter like this when they fuck up. Like ya'll regular ass folks are perfect
Great, another double minor...
thanks for the follow! Gossip-Culture.com
are you creepin' ?
looking forward to #clioF11 posts tomorrow on the unstated theme of history poetics. use #clioF11 as a sounding board!
Thirst is not cute at all!
The are coming back!!!! #BoyzAreBack is this real life? Or is this just fantasy ?
WOW what a mess! I am glad you and your belongings are not hurt/damaged.
Waiting at the Post Office to mail ta returns. How did this happen?
I guess yalls cooking isn't coming along to well
Sav's last tweet is basically my life
haha I know :)) all the more reason we should do it!!
Thank you for the follow!
video is dope bro!
...To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here & now.” ~ Mr. Rogers
Man I think all the presidential canidates are full of crap....
who me or
R.I.P to the blunts we passing in my basement, cremating shit !
hey when your on Dallas a couple of us would love to take you to the mansion for dinner! Gonna love it!
Welcome! Looking forward to your tea-weets, "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME~"
We are following you Magdalena, have a great day today!
They begin to arrive! RT : People in SFO => short sleeves; me, just arrived from ZRH => North Pole expedition gear.
Up 12 with 1:10 left, Derrick Rose busts his knee jump stopping in the lane. He is being carried off...looks awful.
Watching pretty little lairs... :)
yeah I'm really excited! I wanna get as much college done as possible :D
Rangers had no desperation
these bruises <
have decided to change the name of my blog as well as my #twitter handle. I'm looking to start fresh, and what a better (cont)
What a nightmare! That'd drive me crazy. Fingers crosses that it will be fixed quickly.
I see the national standards gaining momentum - its a good thing. We need to compete globally and this will help (I think)...
ditto “: couldn't imagine being in better company #PRSASummerSocial :-)”
#marathon training cancelled for tomorrow due to ice and cold temperatures. i am not sure to be happy or disappointed?
beautiful day!
lol me too! i don't think we should ever own guns lol
This gum lost it's flavor thoe
Yowza, gna need a complete acoustic set-up aka find some new band members asap
If I say Disney Popcorn, you say___________!
How can you possibly hope to lift the world? How can you be all that you dreamed you will be? It is up to you, So begin!!!!
This leftover cake will make really good bread pudding.
graduation weekend I guess lol. Me and cam are here :)
Of course the pool closes the day I actually really want to go swim some laps
its too early for work right now...
I love me a 'lil 'rican basketball!!!
I hate boring guys!!!
Right, tear down one of biggest class acts in the NFL. Absolutely. Doesn't make you seem petty or idiotic at all.
I bout to put everybody in my cross hairs
New York placements for the Sept 2011 intake hits the 100 mark this week! And counting!
Naw bitch i just want some mouth....
drinks out with my friends in Wanaka. Love this Sunday Funday!
my thoughts exactly!!
Nice! Of those, I personally own the grey wolf and leopard. I LOVE LOVE them all and its fun to switch it up!
Always need mo' NOHO!
indeed, you can't stop, won't stop.
I have been neglecting twitter lately:-(
No problem. So what happened to end your relationship with him?
Got my droid today. Got to say I like it much better than my blackberry!
Falling asleep with contacts in is the worst thing
Today I would like to study Biology. I need to be Biology literate and would also like to teach it (tutor).
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
TONIGHT! Hawaiian Luau Beach Party. 6:30pm @ MCPL Mosinee. Storytime,crafts, music,Hula Hoop contest! Hawaiian shirts & flipflops optional!
Meeting starts in 7 minutes!! See you in BH 139!
A lot of activity was happening between the trial of Jesus and the moment when he arose from the dead. Heaven, Earth, and Hell was busy.
love u long time
God Bless Rev, God So Loved the World that He gave his only Begotten son Jesus. John 3:16
RT : Just replicating a credit card transaction with NFC isn't going to excite consumers/merchants. There has to be innovation...
talk about animal cruelty he must like m Vick yuk oh can't get that image out of my head
#IfIRanTheCityForOneNight Let's just say the "hangover" would look like Blue's Clues....
Done! “: #Foodies, you should follow he's brilliant!”
where to tonight?
no problem! thanks for the shoutout :)
How can #pharma and other health organizations get involved in #heartRX and #rxadherence?
#Badgers are allowing the #Spartans to run the clock out now. MSU will go on to the #B1GTourny title game. 1 minute remains in the game
anyone care if I crash at they're house tonight so I know I'll be up for the state fair?
RT Bieber died on the 1st day of the 5th month, half past september, plus the no. of Jesus' facial hairs equals...girl, shut up!
i'm great, but i feel stupid, exam is tomorrow, and i can't everything. ;/ xd
Happy International Women's Day! Everyone should read Half the Sky by to celebrate.
me! But right now I'm not listening to anything. Haha
I got alot of kids they a developed yet
It's been a month 😖
Thanks for the follow, Cameron. Great to be connected with you!
good for you girl!
Damn guys.
Suddenly I realized that I have two weeks before the AFS meeting and I have like three presentations to prepare. This is so not good.
more from ny -- sfjazz collective smoked at highline ballroom on monday. 3 tunes - cape verdean blues, song for my father, harlandia.
Always so proud to see you killin it! Great job hun!!
was it as bad as the first 2 ?
If you're not following, get on board. Best sports mind in Wisconsin!
...or give as a give-away item for couple of your clients?
Whoa... Twitter's getting violent tonight... This is better than watching television.
From Reuters: "...and bin Laden never really understood foursquare and his first check-in turned out to be his last"
Luxor Evolved Is The Same Great Marble Popping Game You Love In An All New Package - AppAdvice
What is your all time favorite Tom Hamilton home run call?
Some kind of liberal hippie "school should be free" thing in UN commons.
wow lets go LA
CyberSecurity Bill Passes in House: No Tack-on for Internet Poker
New Supernatural episode in less than 2 hours on the CW.
LOLOL Justin bieber just appeared on my tv
RT : The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -Mark Twain
watching jimmy kimmel and researching the Chicago Cheaters
make music for the ladies then the niggas will buy it by2pac
Computer manufacturers lobby against "gray-marketing." This refers to the resale of used computers after repair and refurbishing.
i can't believe that is at yale and i'm not. it's one of my dreams to see him talk live in person. and to act w him, but baby steps.
Leading worship for both morning chapels at Indiana Wesleyan University(). So excited!!!
Really shouldn't drink on Sunday's especially when you have an exam the next day. #regretting it
So excited for our second Sunday in the new building! Don't miss the new series "Changed"!
sounds like you had fun last night. Sorry we missed out.
RT : Road Trip #Taos, #NM: ..the journey of self-transformation that you can unearth off the beaten path.....
WTF? Just tuned in! : I am officially disowning all radio in laredo... No more espn radio. Sucks balls. What about. ?
my first class isn't until 2pm... so i have a good while
I'm afraid I could get reeeaaaallly into #gameofthrones ... Like, I may dress up like the "Dragon Mother" for Halloween into it..
Scott County leads Ballard 7-0 and the end of the first quarter.
CCD ? << Omg i take that class at #church Thursdays!! I'm getting ready to be confirmed in May :D
i wish my boyfriend woukd wake up
I cant my mom just got out of the hospital so im her full time nurse now. She has to get chemo and a lot of other things
Third best thing about dating a pastry chef. Awesome desserts. Yes!!!!!
happy birthday... i luv u
i might take a nap . text me
we'll do our best. If you have any suggestions feel free to DM us. Thanks!
When you played on OTH did you know that your character would become a singer
Actual Dollars For Junk Cars Client Testimonial... I am very impressed. Great customer service! Great pay out for my car!! Great......
I can't wait to see the #TheSimpsons episode tomorrow!!!!
haha! I was filming as well. We were going past our wrap time, but I didn't mind. I <3 it! That's what I meant!
Don't be a Richard!
um not wrong at all. If you are a #daddy you do it year round! No validation needed
sigh. that moment when a poster has both niall and selena and they both look gorgeous.
Brewers lose, but it was cool seeing Braun get his MVP trophy.
"exploit" ;) RT : Share your favorite words to use instead of ... leverage <ick>
YES! #phillies win!
Bout to relax & watch the thunder smash on the lakers
Life is an adventure in forgiveness. -Norman Cousins
#itsucks when your 6lb. dog decides to wake you up at 6:30....
approaches her show like the professor she is: allowing differing opinions to be expressed freely.She needs to point out flaws
Are u coming back to Hawaii ?
I'm all ready tucked in not feeling well at all. Ready for some good rest and a brighter tomorrow. Can somebody give me a amen?
The question is....would you drink it?
Rage. A murderous rage, rampant within every fiber of my being. But to lie is to survive, and i have every intention to live.
I didn't mean I was necessarily done talking, I had just fired off a slew of posts without waiting for a reply.
Getting ready for Hopocalypse barleywine, Breakfast stout, Jumbleberry Cream Ale, and Sno Ball Porter on tap.
me too and a couple signs
#edumooc learning analytics is what most intrigues me at this time
Kota gets mad/jealous about in general. He's lucky i dont drone on and on about <3
Hey, everyone, author has broken down and joined us here in the Twitterverse. Give him a "Howdy!" and a follow, why don't ya?
Done & forgotten
Thanks for tuning in!
RT RE brokerages that are embracing technology will win. Those who want to turn back the clock will lose.
Beyonce could of won like really now.
it's a known issue in 2.0. For now best to use classic interface, but fix is being tested
Well you're the guy that dated her...so...?
I'm convinced I'm winning Mega Millions tonight.
#Airfares are going up $5 per day after today for the #holidays! Buy now guys!
How'd I miss THAT story. He WHAT?! iShant. Shouldn't he just sit quietly and be happy he's not in prison?
will you be my 101st follower pretty please??! :)
Happy Father's Day to Dad and all you fathers out there! Being a Daddy is my favorite role!
I love my #LIBR046 class. Excellent group presentations today on topics in
Love the idea that Harvard Library should be like Rushdie's sea of stories, fluid and recombining. Adding to my reading list.
OK girls, who is the hot blond guy with the bow and arrow?
Ha this is funny, #google's new tag line for #google+ is "Sharing but like real life."
Nobody loves their school anyway. Stfu. 👊💢
dog hair getting on me < Yuck! 😝
“: Don't miss this weekend's Art in Bloom museum. #artinbloom” we'll be there!
Quicker checkout at Kroger. Took 12 minutes for 2 items at Marsh, Only 2 minutes at Kroger for 7 items earlier this evening
If you're anti-pit, you're anti-dog.
you should! This is how we hook kids on science and exploration!
ha! or a fudge bar from the good humor man
Tonight: San Jose workshops! Word on the street is that the kids are getting burritos.
Bald head is a cut u can do at home y pay for it in a shop
don't forget to look both ways before crossing Willy St. these days.
thank you for following us, we hope to grow our business and start hiring soon!
Thanks for the tweetin' love San Antonio!!!
I signed up too!
oh guuuuurl! Did it look like she look like she applied her make up via shotgun?
If you like to connect with people making a difference check out
"hold me closer Tony Danza" LOLZ
First show of 2011 confirmed. Pete Miller's in Wheeling on March 5th!!!!!
RT : RIP Coach Wooden. Lived strong for 99 years.
A daughter is a treasure - and a cause of sleeplessness.
no the weekend?
I'am... I hear you Joyce.
Hurley shirt... black jeans... vans...
U damn right.
Im watching i just want my pants back and this dude was wearing a shirt
Haha is that where you'll be? Only one I've been at is Towson
ILL ROLL WIT CHU... RT : Who tryna ride with me to the mall?
To json, sure. I was thinking of building the tables of an RDBMS.
thatts it im coming in there and im finna kick youur ass
How was the trip? (:
I'm happy that is happy that I'm happy that is happy!
Browns intersquad scrimmage this Sunday at North HS. We will also be playing Colorado School of Mines on February 5th in Golden, CO.
Like to Guest Bartend? Get your Sorority and take over our bar!
Five Big10 teams in top four seeds as projected by USAToday.
ohh no apologies, im obviously full of shame and embarrassment that Im just now watching on TUESDAY NIGHT. Soo late.
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
If it's any consolation, mine looks like a 5th grade art project. Or, as my fam told me, "somebody else' will be worse."
Jerk seasoned salmon on a bed of spring mix with blueberries, blackberry, orange segments, shallots, olive oil and salt and pepper.
LOL MY COMPUTER AUTO CORRECTED IT FUCK U
The DH today with George Mason has been postponed bc of inclement weather and will be played at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, May 1.
can't wait!
Examples of "other avenues": genre, typography, cinematography, layout, color, political or historical context, musical style!
WANTED: Musical Talent to write/record musical awesomeness with. Drop me a line at www.reverbnation.com/everettleesimpson. Retweet please!
Barn door's open
If it were up to you, what would the legal driving age be?
We specialize in Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, credit card debt, criminal law, DUI, immigration and probate. Call (909) 890-0105
time change? Lol
its hard as hell!! Trust me I know how it feels!!
congrats and safe travels! You'll have an amazing time.
Guess what? That advice you gave me helped. I swear your are the gnarliest advice giver!
miss your face too. i'll be in indy next week for work... maybe we can meet up Sun eve?
hahahhahahahhahaha I'm the queen of self-invites actually I practically invented it, ill text u in a bit!
Are you referring to tweetdeck or hootsute?
fans, what drink do u put in ur Red Solo Cup?
Thanks for trying! I've heard great things about y'all! Look forward to visiting on my next trip to ATX!
hello Monday! I'm ready for you so whatcha got???
RT : A friend with cheese is a friend indeed.
Hey, chica! This one was with a digital SLR - I haven't tried the iphone yet, about to tho...we shall see..
Obama seems to have more multisyllabic words on this plot, which is interesting...
Suprise party for my dad. !
Is it because he's rich and handsome? Witty & fun? Smart & sexy? I can see how a girl might hesitate to settle for that kind of guy…
Pepsi just has a much better flavor than coke
Won't connect with every women's topic obvs, but know what it's like to be a striving/flailing 20-something in NYC and it nails that.
is the funniest nigga on my timeline got me rollin
because you would love the sound of your own voice?
I'm sorry, but who are you?
live in the moment:)
So i have to get a SHOT to get into SU .. i hate SHOTS :/
She loves me she loves me not, she loves me she loves me not... Come on guys lesbihonest, I'm gay i could give a fuck less! :)
Good start by the Pacers....very aggressive. Forcing Heat to play their game.
have fun, girls!!
HOOK 'EM HORNS!!! And happy thanksgiving Rooke!!
ok b good don't go peeing on the cross late at night
& how big is that air mattress you own?
Stuck in my basement no internet guys putting hardwood floors over the 4th
my mom asks why me and my ex best friend aren't friends on facebook... she replies with saying it's probably because I'm not rich enough
Thanks for the great webinar on an introduction to the #businesscatalyst API. Can't wait to learn about BCGurus Pro as well.
I have been remiss in thanking recent followers! Thank you so much-I look forward to learning and collaboration!
Thanks for the follow!
I am so excited lol. I almost feel like I am going to meet a celebrity (weird as it sounds)
" voted to fund a trial of vinyl seat covers to replace the familiar fabric seats..." "Familiar" is not the word I would use!
I can't believe it has been 13 years! Time really does fly! Congrats! Happy 13th Anniversary Millennium!!
6Am service at fcbc...now west a at 11am....churchin all day..get here!
Kanye West retweeted Kim Kardashian oh my God it must mean they're getting married.
Fuck it I'm going to Monk's
if you were wearing a lime-colored dress I'd be so turned off. Melons are so much sexier!
another 4 pack tonight at 8 w/ the #HotFacebook5At8 to see tomorrow at ! Count down w/ & Keep track!!
I'm playing FFXI and drinking. This can't end bad. Unless I go fishing.. right ?
My moms telling me to do my bed when im bout to go to bed in like 4 hours
just finished Catching Fire!
BOUT TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOR MY NYE WARMUP!! BIG PARTIES TONIGHT & DEFINATELY TOMORROW!!!!
OMG that makes me happy!
Am so sorry to hear that about your lunch! Possible to email me at ? Would love to make it up to you.
lol..bad girl,go to my room..lmao.
WHOO HOO.. MISSED TWEETING.. BEEN BUSY THE LAST 3 DAYS.. BACK AT IT.. MISSED YOU GUYS!! FOLLOW ME.. MISS ALEXIS TODD
Kanye And Jay-Z Playing Otis At The VMA'S!!!!!!
Damn it!
Michigan will get there again, someday. In David Brandon we trust.
Puddin' at Puddin'. So much better than any cupcake.
Cant get home cause obama is block all the streets to my house?
Maybe a sample of the new song im workin on. Hmm maybe.
Tell Ur Boys From The Octegon To Hit Up My Publicist Ro Make This Work
Need a new buddie !!!
Have a great Saturday #fortwayne!
Nobody deserving to win this at this point
Hey Man, thanks for the Retweet. Very much appreciated! I hope you sell a million books! You're a prolific writer! THX
ha its cute that you even ask about super canton...
Hope you're having a nice weekend! :-)
that Pinker term is infuriating. though it makes me more interested than ever to know the biological explanation for music…
It's the best!
I agree. It's almost 5!
where does the 3O day number come from for discharge summary?
IFFLA slate of documentaries is awesome. www.indianfilmfestival.org
alright . im listening to jonas brothers ,
just tried to reply to your message but you have to follow us first for me to send the message.
I really don't know why I'm friends with you... 👽😝
Omg omg omg omg. This is a panic attack. I'm so fucking dumb.
Do you need to build a PMO and have too little time and too many priorities? Here's a two-part article to help you!
Thank You:). I'm live on radio interviews most of the time although some interviews are recorded and air later..;)
Ready for THE BIG BLUE to go 16-0 in SEC !! GO CATS !!!!!
Off to eat with my best friends :)
I'm watching Living Single, and just being awesome. What's going on in your neck of the woods.
Congrats to TCU. The Badgers played hard but didn't make all of the plays we needed. This hurts.....
who is ready for IN FEAR AND FAITH, CONFIDE, and UPON A BURNING BODY?
Thanks to the Artists who have submitted music for our shows! Remember to check the schedule to see what night your genre will be played!!
Just heard ft. "Oh Darling" on the radio! Congrats man! Good jam, good luck to you bro!
"Perry to slam Obama..." on NYT today instead of the usual "Perry slams Obama..." now we have preemptive slamming?
Sweet Jesus... Lavar Johnson sure knows how to bring the thunder. Barry was out on his feet before crumbling to the mat.
Big show next Thursday....in Santa Cruz!! EDM Electro/&Old Skool Rap & Hip Hop --- The Red 1003 Cedar St. 9:30 pm - 2 am...
Getting ready to grab life by the throat & choke it!! Seems that is the only way to succeed.. Like TBS.. Life.. VERY funny..
I don't believe you.
we hope to come to san fran in the next couple of months. We'll let u know!
Oh yeah no no I called you just 2 talk it was nothing important really don't worry about it, it's fine But the 2nd time I called
Still can't believe we lost.. =| oh well goodnight world
You said it, Gulliver.
Hey whts up
Where's the beach ?
Well, the anatomy class is obviously dissecting; my classroom smells like a mortuary.
Another trip to LA from the UK & I don't even hear you'll be in my town?!? Hope all is well with you. Would love to catch up.
I'm hungry.
Big is the new small.
drinking in south Florida is an experience that one should never have to endure!
As we topped the hill everyone on the bus stopped for a moment to bask in the sunset.
What a blast! It'll be hard to top today's show!
Never worry bout a thing
If you want me to fall for you, you have to give me something worth trippin over 
follow he is super intense as well :D
I'll see you tomorrow for sure <3
Sometimes its not called being "Phony" its called "learning to let things go, forgive, and be the bigger person!"
Enjoying a little Caged on MTV
Shout out to our board members: Derek Lewellen (Leadership Tulsa Class 46) & Billye Kraus (promoted) - Thank you for your work for YST!
": Never made varsity but I fuckin' ball ." 14 fuck school
that's the key issue we have to prove on Nov.
sometimes the simplest things are the hardest
I just remembered whats gonna play at mine and wedding :)
Let's not forget about Kemba RT : RT : The year of the weird name! Charl, Jimmer, whose next?
A cat on the lap is worth two in the sink.
.it over get .advertising false is advertising of lots .this exemplifies really lawsuit nutella the .stupid so are americans
I came up with a super clever spot to put something so that I wouldn't lose it... didn't work so well.
Who do you think you are, some school teacher from Waco TX?
if they ever filmed kickball games, I'm sure you'd make #webgems!
Omg #BelieveTour dates ? ♥ I need to be good now ;o
So hoping it would be #ChrisMann or but happy for
Ok, we need to have a contest for the best Effeminate Lemming image. @ it, DM it, hotlink it, just do it. Prize? Booze!
Oh, running into exes on the metro. Always an awkward time.
We know it's NOT "Does this make me look fat", "You don't make enough money" OR "I am too fat"....
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!10
I didn't even think about that!
Earlier this week, our PR30 arrived, and was installed in the studio. We look forward to recording many great shows with it!
Been a long day s/o to Byron Luv and the homie Shelo we shot another episode for 75215 series then my football game, ya boy wore out
aye, the signing of the emancipation proclamation should be a holiday!
Selling scrap iron="New revenue stream."
Loved the movie. Hated the immaturity of the audience I saw it with.
Only 12 more fans to hit our first bench mark of 900 fans!!!
Swerve on em
Me to co-worker: Those people smelled so delicious!
Homes opens Camberley's Waples Mill this wkend in Fairfax VA - amazing range of structural/design choices shown on touchscreen!
Thanks Erik, that's clear- good luck with the paper-
im making it. Where u at now? Wasnt u moving around alot ?
George Hamilton with #AaronsBowtie you mean.
i cant smoke no kush but i run threw them hoes and i aint talkin bout Reggie Bush
Last week's diagnosis=gluten allergy. After days of pity parties today I embrace my new gluten-free life. Bfast=1 mango, rice cracker w/ PB.
Ok good, thanks! Will try it.
Instagram on or #teamiphone? Either way follow us on instagram at
That's annoying.
: what movie you on?
#Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your home’s HEPA filters, and don’t forget about the filters in your AC and clothes dryer, too
Always tired
Bought a pack of boxer briefs, threw out the maroon pair. TLM.
I need to get bachelorette party supplies and I'm headed to Castleton tonight. Anyone know if there is a party store up there?
Tatoo party going down tonight @ S in Fayetteville, nc.4939 Bragg Blvd. After party @ king of diamonds 7043 cliffdale rd doors open @ 2 am
jesus christ, that's a pretty face. the kind you'd find on someone that could save.
Money maker 💰👏
#car2gosandiego is a pretty cool idea. .35-cents a minute. Wow!
Had a lovely day with Alex Holland and the crew!
Wife is like a boxed Apocalypse?
I hate boring.
Should kof13 be best of 3 all the way through the tournament or should winners, losers, and grand finals be best of 5?
I really enjoy you movies!! Make more, make me happy! I nice when I am happy! hehe!! Have a great holiday weekend!
Team Don Jr. Obviously.
Somebody had to go
Good morning #Burbank!
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!
No you just my new follower that's all.
Josh and Jennifer Are Secretly Married. (;
Love Steve "The Snapper" Jones.
A convo meant to promote meditation has ensured that none of us will ever meditate.
It's like someone peeing coffee.
Anyone wanna pre meet for illfest?
I'll be ready at least I'll have make up on I forgot to put it in today
I love you. Just thought you should know that. RT if you absolutely love ur fans
Looking for some FREE family fun today? Join 90.5 Air 1 from 11a-3p at the One Life Festival at Verizon Wireless Music Center in Noblesville
you too Buddy looking forward to more time and social change for the better
Why do people cheat with RECKLESS looking individuals ?????? -_-
Labor intensive practice begins RIGHT NOW
So kind of you! Thank you! Keep in touch!
Damn. I'm almost at my weight during my sophomore and freshmen year.
sure about that ? xD
Get the chalk, Williamson! Another chapter done.
Happy 4th of July to all my #BBN friends!!
is cold at work again today...I gotta remember to pack my SNUGGIE in my car :(
needs more
On the final day of intensive radiation treatment, Mario Lemieux made the trip to Philadelphia to play in the Penguins-Flyers game.
Merry christmas ! Get to be with the fam and my baby :)
Shaq looks like he is letting the crew box him out of this halftime show!
Has anyone else heard this Eliza Doolittle song, Rollerblades? Loving it. And who does it remind you of?
How You Know You're a Nerd: You look into NY Comic Con as a bachelorette party idea. (Too bad it overlaps with the wedding...sigh.)
Poor monkey! I'm right there with ya in the doldrums. Nothing a little improv night won't cure. Mi casa. Manana. 8.
GO ! Never thought I would hear you say that about exercise! I love you too! xoxo
To my friends and peepers, have a happy valentines day
Well that's just pathetic, chap ;) xox ♥
Listening to Take Me Home by Bone Thugs and Phil Collins at the Light Rail stop in Lutherville really hoping I do get home soon!
Sorry Jessica, we had some server issues. Contact me at
did u get my text?
While it looks great, perhaps I should print out the cover letter w/o my signature.jpg and sign it myself.
Look at me confusing my tweets with text. brain dead at ces
yes. A based on a true story film. Plus I have a couple of shorts I'm trying to tidy up.
That is me me me me;)
I want a birthday tweet from my bandboy crushes ;)
#FavoriteClothingBrand ALWAYS & FOREVER
alright thanks man lmaooo
whoa! I hope everything was resolved peacefully.
Well, I have my laptop literally on my lap now… not sure how much closer is safe to get.
I love you :)
text me back women
I DONT POP NO AK......... T>T> SAY I DONT POP NO AK T>T> SMOKE LIKE I PLAY REGGAE SHE LOOKING FOR SOME LOVE BABY GIRL I AM NOT RAY J
u been gettin them rain checks
just stuck my finger in a cigarette lighter from a car...now its burnt as mug and brown and smells like burnt skin...
I have recurring dreams about being chased by a giant shark in a flooded mall
sounds like Pippen so far
I hope you have secured your ticket to because this show will sell out!!! Aug 29th!
1st order of business when back in the States, Spanish classes. Second, salsa lessons. Sorry Persian and flamenco, u have to wait for now.
Hi David!! I hope you are having a great afternoon?? :))
id let you fall asleep on the phone with me any time
yeah but its all good, I'm at my second work site now so its all good things will just get done when they get done
We have power, internet, comfy chairs... and are even giving out pie this afternoon, allegedly.
My cousin Malik has been performing with Clyde & his band the B3 Bombers.
We're heading to today! Hope to see some familiar faces and make new friends of MAU. We'll be there all weekend.
Tonight, TV's most pretentious fake personality interviews radio's least pretentious host.
oh boy, this is gonna be tough to win you over to the old man's side
Thanks !! :) Following
lol, but how do you make a video? and then upload it?
Having high-pressure water hose related revenge fantasies about those setting off fireworks outside my window.
A couple of my students are learning #Daytripper & it's really comin together! I love this job :)
thanks for stopping by today! “: . in my belly and love in my heart. #dumplingcoma in 5... 4... 3... 2...”
hope you're thinking about what you want to add to our #SummerBucketList. Composition this week! <3
Day one in the studio knocked out...It's on!!!!
Those are my only two options? How about: sarcastic... simplistic.. pointing out your overuse of hyperbole?
go forth and do it...
Still working my way through nip/tuck OMG - his performance was INSPIRED!!! What a GREAT actor. Love great character actors
so so true!!
Hot wings <3
Remember that our friends at open tomorrow at their new location!!
It is a beautiful day for an open house. Take a look at 125 15th st NE. There are 5 units and they are gorgeous!
I swear the only good thing about going to my dads is getting a break from my mother!!!
good tweet
#c2css12 "Faculty: There's an app for that!" Anibal Pachenco
Good to meet you last night... Hope you don't smell too much like smoke this morning. Psh... Campfires.
Ooh, your brother sounds cute! I have to admit I have a think for beards. :)
you're on psn?
2 Days left until we find our lucky $1000 winner! If you haven't signed up yet do it now. No purchase necessary just Like our Facebook page
How did your session go? Good Turnout? Any Discussion? Tricky Questions? I want details!
I love my job, but some days I don't want to spend my Saturday illustrating an olde-fashioned lemonade ad featuring a cartoon Ice-T.
100% positive I could never be mad at you in my entire life
I hate it when I'm waiting for a text from someone :/
Thanks, Donna! Glad that you enjoyed COVENANT!
so many projects going on @ the same time !!!!!!!!!
Bet they start crying in the locker room...yall know who I'm talkin bout lmao
I cant wait to go home(: about an hour and a half to go
I had so much fun writing Sunday's column about an eBay deal gone awry.
thank you :)
We are gearing up for #HPmkt. The team will be there on Monday! Can't wait to see some of our faves.
Now Playing: Cody Simpson What You Want
The only good thing about Bob Evans is that they have wifi. Praise God I brought my iPad for this, my last Black Friday shopping experience.
This shit is makin my headache go away ... Win
going good. Team lol
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
We Working! In the A room with , and making
Ancient Aliens is the best show!
Asdfghjkl JUSTIN'S IN VEGAS TOO?! I wish I could stalk them. Wait, I can. Twitter. Muahahahaha.
Thanks for the RT! Those cookies sound delish.
Is Lionel Messi playing for the Rangers tonight? Plenty of hitting the post in this. #rangers having a crack
Kiss da baby!!!
just enough to pay me for all the "favors" I've done for you lol right now im applying for the pool down here in Dunbar
wait the front front or the stairs to go into the auditorium? Lol
I must be on peoples bucket list cuz they try and do me and then its curtains
The struggle continues in 2012. Don't stop dreaming or working hard to realize your dreams. How do you get to freedom? 1 step at a time.
I'm afraid to start playing again, last time I played a font think I slept for days lol
Dr. Bernice King thanks Truett Cathy for the heart print, the hand print and the legacy he's created that will impact unborn generations.
What would you have done? Too early to bring in dotel/etc, guys on the roster, you don't like him send him down, if not he pitches
ha. I meant Talk.
thanks for the RT! P.s: I always grew up wanting to be "Ariel" (!!!)
“: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me - Psalm 138:8
wow! How so?
Ridiculously tough loss.
Living healthy iz not about livin longer its about livin a better quality of life while you are alive. I mean feelin and lookin good longer^
I just got finished with my home work!!!BOARING ME TO DEATH!!!but now its ok cause the torcher is over!!:))))))
Music is my life <3
He () just asked what the Red Balloon is.
so outta the loop.. I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours
headed over to 's appt to musk up for tonight. He insisted I come over to show me the new line of fragrance from
haha sorry bro but Blake's got this (: ! But good luck to you (: your Gunna need it ! (: hahaha
Walk to remember will always make me CRY MY EYES OUT!! School tommorrow
If the #Dodgers can sell for $2 billion, what do you think that an NFL franchise could go for these days?
I agree. But love can make you weak like that.
My tounge freaking hurts I but it like 5 times today in that same place ):
tx for letting us know. Mayor Ballard picks the polling sites pursuant to state law & we'll be sure to pass this on to his office
First and now ? What the heck do we have to do to have quality shows w/women?
follow back :)
Tell em how you really feel!
2 reasons that couldn't happen: 1) Can't serve dairy at the meal b/c of kosher restrictions, 2) GF despises eggplant.
steven told chris to change the time for cosmic bowling on saturday
I look for a Katy aperture one at least twice a week
The sun! Oh,how I love you!
About to watch Insidious. Haven't seen a good horror flick in a while. We shall see...
Number 6:24 God bless you and keep you,!
Thanks! That's where I'm working by the way. Keep up the good work. Cheers!
Ya,time to bed now. My eyes are fighting so hard. :-) Sweet dream for App codes.
Pretty sure it's Irie Michael Bolton, but I don't have my barber shop poster handy.
I may not be the richest dude in town but I've got a pocket full of patience. is the mall still open? lol
We are
Your very welcome. <3
Enjoying family and friends!
Just blocked some of these spamers
How much is a ticket?
Fantasy baseball is getting underway! Whos excited?
Travis Parrott wins the US Open mixed doubles title!
Nothing like basketball practice to make things better.
O.K. now #Family Guy has officially grossed me out. Stop puking!
Tuesday May 22 #DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through #Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St #NWDC 202-939-5946
God how Tayler do?? (:
Katharine Macphee singing at Rockefeller Center!
Really intrigued by the Challenge. Great way to let fans participate and own the fundraising and potential reward experience.
I feel like people are totally ignoring how good of d Afflalo is playing on Kobe. Just watch how difficult the shots are that he has to take
2 more hours to go
Lmfao!! Shes so sneaky with that..
I was about to go H.A.M. on here about something. But that would be me going back to my old ways...
So, tired but I have to continue studying..
RT OH "in general, I like to aspire to a level of quality above 'fucking broken'"
I can't believe I didn't do it as a student. Weather + sailing are a match made in heaven.
Hahaha yeah i know rite:D
www.myfreetrainer.com has some interesting stuff. Their podcast is not bike specific. I'll keep my eyes open...
You're truly living the life.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Hold on to your mother tight while you can.
Should students learn entrepreneurship, free enterprise & capitalism in school? Why we say yes. bit.ly/oBEpO2
Ha! well, it's sure to be the sweetest month.
Just mailed a bunch of post-it notes to Cascade High School. Enjoy them.
@"We Miss Michael Jackson" I loved Michael Jackson too Miss Him But WHAT about MISS WHITNEY HOUSTON...BAstards
OMG! That dress just made me gasp!! STUNNING!
So sad, I have been following this one too.
With the Cold Weather approaching, please watch out for changes on classes at KDA. If you have any ?? contact 719-325-6234. Stay Warm!!!!
Grabbing coffee before day #2. Best to & !!
too easy otherwise
New underwear & new sunglasses 😍
It's so hot, can't get comfy. And I havent had a good fart in days. put me on no fart dog food.
Austin Beutner suggests retooling the Percent for Art program to be used for arts ed.
those should have never been relationships!
Time to unfollow every AC Milan fan
The laundry is teaching children racism.
lmao spans social circles and generational gaps.
follow me back? my sis is the one in the pic with you at prom last night!! (:
Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed that they are getting a divorce after seven years of marriage. They were considered the happiest couple.
FOLLOW BDS BEAUTIFUL MODELS............
Right, so me and my brother get a new phone.. The SAME kind of phone, yet he still claims his is better just 'cause it's his.
...just in case he fell into the steeplechase water hazard
aren't u calling this a little early? Cincy still working on being
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Off to the Reading Royals Pink in the Rink game in Reading, PA. ECHL Hockey.
o I gotcha but yeah the food was good were u waiting on someone
I'm don't with my ratchet pictures (;
#IamAStanBecause unlike Tech N9ne and Busta Rhymes you can actually understand what Em is saying when he raps fast
Welcome Taylor!
If you love her, let her AND everybody else know. If you don't, stop acting like it.
Any nigga that can put tears to my eyes ant the one for me
You can think someone is cool until you really get to know them....
i bet you dont still have them textbooks tho
Not even winter yet, but we're already thinkin' Fun 4th 2011. So excited - we just booked the fab Celtic band The Rogues! www.therogues.com
We've lost too many from that generation in the last year. :( TY.
Thank you for sending us the invite for #Yelp Eats! We appreciate the consideration. Hope we get chosen from
if we have 4 in the convo not enough characters to type a thought!
I prefer country music over rap. My friends have really influenced my lately &
And now I can say congrats on your Magic Magazine review. :-)
Found phone charger!! So not excited for school tomorrow and soo not ready for cheer practice:((
This Day, April 23, In Jewish History by Mitchell A. Levin - Cleveland Jewish News (blog)
Motorcycling Tip: Pretend to be invincible.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co? Yep, we're going all out on heels & flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!!
Frenchgay is restored to favor?
May the Fourth be with you!
do they think not talking about it will make it go away? What a dangerous policy. We should talk about the dangers of drugs
hey how are you
thanks :) i made it on photoshop and gave it to my friend who's in the band with me for her birthday
All OVS men are invited on July 31 for the Mens' Club brunch and chance to volunteer on various projects at the synagogue. No RSVP needed.
Does anyone know where #bono is having dinner in
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tick-borne disease, a ne
am wondering if i could meet up with you for project i would like to discuss? ilona
Sometimes i like wen a people text me first 😜👎
Crazy turnout meetup w/ captivating talks by + Brian English on slum mapping + #opendata empowerment
It was a psychoanalysis joke.
rock marathon and painting class homework!
.... Yeah, a white tank top! Which turned to see-through. Lol
thank you Ellen- what are your weekend plans?
I actually watched Hearns/Hagler last week. Round 1 was best round in boxing history.
Great movie!
Bossed me around I was tired of it!!! So ya goodbye
oh hai k?
I just want an iPhone :(((((
LOL it's funny you said that because there is a street by me called 'Falling Heath' and I always read it as Failing Health. :)
“: we are the marlins, the miaaammmiiii marlins 🐬” Everything is great in the Sunshine State!
I'm all layed up because of MTSS, anyone want to keep me company?
Getting ready to announce details about the return of CreateBaltimore: Jan. 21 at Stay tuned!
Just saw the new Bruce tour dates.Say it ain't so, Boss! No Milwaukee?! I'm just dancing in the dark, on this lonesome day.
I'm getting ready to land the biggest deal of my life, I'm going to FED-Ex all my prayer for this "3-D without glasses product" to work!
Up early on an off-day. School work, taxes, watch Opening Day.
i knoww (: now i have 306:D
man keepin my sister worth a good hunnit dollas minimum
im just saying biotch
It is interesting especially when ESPN employees and CBSSports is telling people to turn to cnn
Freelancing! Thanks for reading.
Good Night :)
no I'm getting it. Or you can just buy me one
so, about our wedding..
Get your healthy on w/our Salmon & Asparagus Salad dinner special then get your Irish on w/our Irish Crème Brule for dessert, tonight only
sounds like a long Monday
Just overheard the following "that's quite a different kettle of fish"
Watching 40 year old virgin. Laughing my ass off. Seriously I can't even feel my ass.
thanks for this
oh girlfriend welcome to the gfree/lactose free side!! I'm the president.. Let me know if you have questions 😉
lol I SEE..
I have an exam tonight :( who is playing?
#10ThingsIHate when my phone freezes -__-
I will email you some info.. Please forward your real email address and we can get started!
and here's 100
you love it
l am loving #scandal! ! Great reason to ignore chores and work. Couching it w/wine and the puppy.
You gonna be there? will be 2. Hope 2 c u. RT : you should come to Phoenix, AZ 4
Sadly enough it was that eventually made me a Mac user. I've yet to find a dell product that lasts very long with breaking.
That's also a form of icky faux authority to me. Stop talking about it and be about it.
Thanks! When "My Own Fingerprint" website launches, shipping to Europe will be possible:-D Stay tuned!
Will " the Thrill " Middlebrooks, great start ....keep it up kid. Go Sox !!
They're reporting that porn was found on some of Bin Laden's drives (or something of the sort); I'm dying to find out if it was LGBT-relat.
Everything at Car Crafters Collision was handled well.
Vigilance Urged 1 Year After Osama Death Federal officials are urging vigilance ahead of the one-year anniversary of the death of Osama b
CASTING! Do you know anyone in a DESTRUCTIVE relationship? Must be in SoCal or Atlanta area! Email your story to
#ChulaVista council also looking at possible changes to City Attorney's office. A new legislative counsel needed to handle conflicts?
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!Happy Birthday To Me:)
Also if there is anything we can do2help u 2 promote via #SocialMedia, it is our pleasure 2 help!Everything 4 such a noble cause!
I lost 4 buy-ins about as fast as humanly possible at Lucky Lady. Just got back to even. Game is still good.
holding on to what i believe in & no1 can take that from me
Lunch rockin, patio open. Get N early start call it a day and enjoy the sun with us at pub.
Back in Denver and its chilly
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
#mla12 #s305 Nilges: Lack of movement and change defines omnipresent "now." "New" absorbed into "now."
saying something is "fresh"
LOL! No.. But there was some ballet on the side streets when I deduced no one was looking...
your neck mustve been hurting after that sleep huh o_O
I'm not sure if I have an end of semester headache or a lack of dissertation progress headache.
YOU COME HOME , YOU CLEAN , YOU COME HOME
I think you're amazing talented. I am betting I will see you accept many awards in the future :)
damn right was awful, to watch cant stand pitchers not throwing strikes especially being one....he is shaken
when doubt creeps in, never forget God is faithful. "i am w/ you all the days (perpetually, uniformly, & on every occasion)..." (matt 28:20)
The biggest downside of being a woman is that I'll never be Knighted.
Only the present is real. It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
Ok, I'm so relaxed, and my movie stopped. Too lazy to get up to put in another movie.
First spring practice starts in one hour.
Gingrich says "what liberals don't understand is that you can't put a gun rack in a Volt." I think we're okay with that.
Anyone in the airline business that can help a brother out? Kind of urgent. Thanks.
what did Barrett say in the interview?
Big step today: I sent my first research project approval letter as an IRB analyst.
yes. I'm excited that your part of ddc XD that's the best thing ever. (:
@ NYU class tonight. Busy day today.
#oomf want me to hook her up with #oomf i guess im playing matchmaker this weekend.
Apple reportedly to debut two new iPad models next year, more than double battery life
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea
Watch the 25th Anniversary cast (which was on PBS), or the silent film. Avoid the Gerard Butler movie.
sup cutie (:
hollywood is great...til you get to the other side of the hill. lol
Forget novels, #wikileaks has all the drama you need: lecherous leaders, political intrigue, moral greyness & a david-vs-goliath storyline
I'm going to bed. Goodnight.
super chic!
"I don't wanna go" in my big daddy voice!
McNabb can't catch a break. Vick should play safety.
Happy b-day friend!
I just transcribed an interview for my blog and the process simply sucks. Great interview but transcribing it drained me.
#justintee3 !!! I like the second one too though....like a lot
oops, sorry - no lavender. Connie also says to avoid papaya & lemongrass.
When people you care about & want to talk to happen to be the most boring & dull to talk to/text <<<
Gym tv showing "Pride and Prejudice". Was 7 a.m. too early to cry?
awkward moment when everyone wants summer 2012 and i'm waiting for 2013..... <3 1D2013
LOLOLOL. it was so werid tho like out of no where?
LMAO! RT : Hair news for the day! I'm all for people going natural, but do u have to look like your homeless in the process!!!
Absolutely. Do you know Turbo Fruits? Very rad.
Hardest thing about getting to the Q so far is getting to media parking.
nine, then i'm going to the hookah bar. I havent been to the studio in forever.
Okay, Twitterverse, what's all this I'm seeing about THRONE OF GLASS by ? My interest has been seriously piqued.
shooting today. party time.
Don't forget to tune in to Webisode #2 tomorrow! We didn't forget about you! =)
maybe if u didnt ask off for your normal shift 3 weeks in a row i wooda putya at lower bar and u wooda made bank :)
So... *has* Ann Romney ever had a job that paid her money she needed that she had to get to every morning or bad things would happen to her?
RT : Are you following ? When they get to 50 followers, they're giving away #free stuff to a random follower!
Can't wait to see the Breaking Dawn trailer!!
with willow bark extract wich is a natural beta hydroxy acid .
We miss you but we know you're having fun! Rt: : Baby leave sets new pace, LOVE being a mom, but also miss action
n y is that?
Volunteers up early and ready to help :)
getting ready to secret shop
RT : : "If i'm not leading people to Jesus, chances are i'm leading them to myself."
you don't have herpes, you've never been with a girl before...maybe you got it from a man?
I guess I should bring a boombox and batteries and a Peter Gabriel cassette to the booth, just in case.
Another 80°F day today
SO many great people put us on Follow Friday
All NBA players are superstars. They all just need more playing time. Kenny, The Jet, was a very good NBA player. He is a good person.
..last meal on death row...today's pick would be a bucket of fried chicken or a footlong loaded chili/cheese sausage dog :p
LOL, I would have to say you are WAAAYYYYY more than tasty! ;)
hey lady
That's awesome, keep it up
I've been good. Sad that I haven't been able to see many games though. I'm working now! Teaching english in the evenings :)
Generico vs Ricochet and Low Ki is on commentary! Awesome!
What do women want? We want everything :)
that would be so sick!
I'd love to pick your brain about edtech sometime! Can we connect?!
One of my Ugly Followers always Tweeting about Thirst.. Bitch you Ugly, stop tryna make yourself feel wanted!
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it!
Happy Valentine's Day. Love each other....today and everyday.
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..! Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn its beEn a MiN....! eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN 2NiTe..! wHeRe u @ H&M..!??
We is opening a can of whoop ass on Cake Shop with White Mystery and The Othermen this THURS Be there!
the mac app store is getting the best of me. GTA3??
Dear Parents: I am going to kill one of your children who are at my house in about 5 minutes. Love, Tera
Anybody wanna play me in words with friends or draw something? Loll
RT : Sunday! Celebrate Bacon & Beer week at the w/ , a great interactive dining experience. Vote...
When people have a new 'love of their life' every year. LOL @ YOU! 😜
Thanks! The DIY Trunk Show is one of many awesome craft shows because of people like you.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 55F FAIR
-What's your favorite #Jewelry piece right now doll?! #TrendsTues! xox
well, you're my fav GB n Brave fan
Who else is gettin on the Guild Wars 2 train with me?
Best payment ever: cries and hugs from patients @ hope lodge tonight. THAT is why I sing. THESE are the moments that make it all worth it.
Big 10 fish fry ...doesn't get much better!
Help them & Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
So looking forward to it, too! Obsessed with infographics.
"I want to be me, without making it difficult for you to be you." Ambsdr. Joseph quoting Howard Thurman.
In the rain? How was the complex? A ghost town I guess?
Being an obnoxious bubble gum popper
Gonna start doing better in school now 😃
SKI SKI'S.
Last show of the tour tonight w/ !! Come out to the Gig Theatre in Kitchener, Ontario!!!
4. And she does not appear to have any pores.
: It was just breesey enough for me because if they would have scored again Rik woulda beat me!
sorry girl :(
im here right now, there is no where to go, there is nothing to be had, it shall all be given unto thee who has the faith of the Lord.
gettin paid every week is the shit
We won't!!
Good Night Indianapolis.
#Text MISSING to 90210 you will receive mobile updates when a child goes missing in your area! Available nationwide through
I think the only way may be to Insert Comment Text into document. U can still tell they are comments, but they are now part of your text.
I haven't been on here in a looonnggg time o.O
what you miss about it?
It's may(: exactly 13 days untill drake!(:
Oh so she said I don't talk to her really, what say you!!!!
Who doesn't love.. #Belgian Beer...even more...when it's ON SALE?! (meant to tell you sooner) Get over to by tomorrow!
just one more perk of going to , is here!
Hello, nxtARROW followers, this is Darren McCarthy, recruiter for nxtARROW. I'll be using this account. Please also follow
Well this sucks
Tickets go on sale Saturday!
Hey I just found you on twitter, follow me back !!
info for?
If Freddie was right, there won't be any rotational degradation in our lifetime.
Solid plans for this coming weekend kehd
thank you very much! it means a lot, and there are a lot of stories I'm looking forward to doing!
#Sagittarius the country MB will take you to: Ireland
So, now the NFL teams have finally given in and admit even Steelers' road games are home games!
Sad that it was Hunter of all people, that beat us.
So excited for #TheAvengers tonight!
I really want the Florida Panthers to win. And yes...its because Brodeur is a pompous horses ass.
Another Rainy Saturday New Post - Boots on the Ground, part twelve: Keeping the Lights On. Read it now at Error
I hate cleaning my room.
Well the good news is it's the 7-8-9 hitters next inning! Ugh I'm off to the bar.
I disagree only because I've already seen all of this season of Downton Abbey.
RT : Cause marketing can support any number of causes at the dealership, from donating money to charity to helping an organization.
Unless you want hotzpacho!
Just got the beer list for AlphaBeer VI! It looks A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!!! really knows their brews.
Mind she was dark ashyt with ashy ass legs ctfu
drops of jupiter is my favorite song ever & i can't get it out of my head.
I thought the guy from the gas company was trying to break into the house
maybe their pets' FB pages are taking all the extra space.
Thanks for the RT!
We'll be having it probably within the month. I will def let you know!
#reenvisioningnagel who has to trust us? the community? the admin? the students? how do we foster that trust?
Backs Color Analyst Tom Candiotti on right now with Jacobs
Man wtf I was supposw to leave school after this period.. Fuck you mother nature!
Guilty RT : Caught girl checking beer calories on her phone at the gym.
Sorry to drop in , but you crack me up on #30rock. Your sarcasm makes my day. Gracias.
Nutrient Rating Systems
living the dream!! Always awesome here :) I'm in the USA atm so no not at Fitty First!! How are u doing?
Many times we think God is saying, "No," but he is really saying, "Not yet."- Rick Warren
Can't wait for Olympic! Watson's duel with Scott Simpson in 87 is still my favorite Open.
RT Hell yeah! Congratulation Justin/Bon Iver! Score one for Eau Claire Wisconsin!!!
thanks, missed that. Wonder if he did or even could have negotiated with Fergie. Moot point, I guess.
Walmart Battery: I heard Auto Zone has a better batt for the same price as Walmart. Maybe this will save you trouble, i found out too late.
UP is currently ranked #1 in the nation among peer institutions in producing Fulbright scholars by the of Higher Ed.
The question is always which game gets the biggest of the 3 windows in League Pass, and right now LAL is it.
thank you!
I'm supposed to tell you... it's not a golf cart, it's the Rascal scooter the Flyers got you. Your Alzheimers acting up again?
Assuming everything runs as it did last year. Sporting KC will have a ticket allotment for the away match in Chi. may 12th...
Not gimpy at all - and ARMS 4 DAYS! RT : Ugh...over this cold. Over this foot. Ready to be up on my feet again!
Have a wonderful weekend to all my tweet peeps!
I can't believe I am saying this, but....GO SAINTS!!
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me? Mae West
“Few people attain great lives, in large part because it is just so easy to settle for a good life.” - Jim Collins - From Good To Great
My favorite movie director is ,Hands down!!!
i wanna be controlled
this makes national news and no one is saying anything about academic fraud at North Carolina!
Had this MONSTER headache for the past couple days... Help!!!
#rusko how can you have a college tour but no dates in #austin tx?
hi Joan!! may i please have a tweet/follow from u?? :)
Mayweather has and Justin fucking Beiber carrying his belts.
Despite the prestigious claims about this university, there are an uncanny number that when drunk can't tell the front door from a toilet.
Harbaugh wined and cried like little bitch for that call earlier in the game. What a bunch of gutless refs
Evolve Discovery is a full service #litigation consulting and #project management company.
it was fun. Shouldn't use words over and career in same sentence now. Sure you'll cover ND again.
he didn't say this either. Stop lying!
We aint even made it to cintas yet....
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers? Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
Im not ready for love, ready for love, ready for lo-ove<3
Did I just hear Hail to Old IU?
I believe im the only predicting a #DallasMavs repeat.. I'm down with that.
I miss when we were closer friends </3
Stable is that step backwards between successful and failing.
lol yeah. I can dig it!!!!
I'm not sure where to go from here.
oh yes please!
make shit happen
Worse than not being able to sleep? Taking a melatonin and not being able to sleep.
states the brain is like a computer making our consciousness void once our brain is powered off. I guess tech support is Doc
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-19
Hahahahaha...Oh you were being serious, weren't you?
HEY WE WANT SOME LOL!
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has great coffee cakes, croissants & danish to satisfy everyone's sweet tooth!!
hows the workouts?
Well bad morning for us in the security...i had to get checked for explosives and my mom lost all of our tanning oils and lotions..
#FollowFriday Some Great Corpus Tweeters -->
I do dumb shit all the time & cant help but to laugh at myself lol
Okay yet another rec. for Les' class. Can't believe I haven't taken one from him yet!
Ditto RT : I think millionaires arguing with billionaires over money is hard for all of us to relate to/care about
Ugh! "Chocolate Rain," please get out of my head!
I've been following for 3 years. has done a great job of shepherding it. Hitting 50sts this year was huge.
Nicole Ritchie Steals Her Leather Look from Leighton Meester Leighton Meester is the Queen Bee of the Gossip Girl world, but when it come
Yum, so you recommend? Been wanting to try it with .....
Seems to be the #GOP goal for us. : "All you have to do, I tell myself, is keep your mouth shut and look stupid." Margaret Atwood
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a mother comes after Allah (S.W.T) and The Prophet Mohammed (S.A.W) that's y ur mom is very important
that is a great question!
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire Latest acrege burned is 3,790. The perimeter was mapped last night at 10:30pm. Search cont'd for missing woman.
Keeping speaking the truth Jaws. Don't let guys slurp up Griffin/Cousins competition at QB. If Griffin struggles fans will want Cousins.
Love seeing these castles on Amazing Race. I want to go to there.
nah I didn't even ask. We were just talking and I brought prom up and she said that she was excited for it and that she was going
HAHA. We understand. :-)
you should!
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree, hold on to your nuts cause i'm about to give you the blow of your life ;)
last week of "Treasure Island"!!! the past few months were so fun, I'll miss it when it closes...
I hate touch screens lol -__- sometimes
so you're saying you're not predicting the Mariners in the World series...?
I WANNA GET TATTED!!!
Is it just, or does anyone else think Macho Man got called up early to protect the gates during tomorrow's rapture?
esp. in developing countries MT : watching young people on mobile: whole strategies of content marketing need to change.
im so frustrated, thats two blocks from my house
Working on a new playlist. Think Born This Way and Raise Your Glass. What else do I need, twitterverse?
Yippee! Ordered new washing machine from 's -- delivery was free :)
. too late to register online no details on page, When/where's the event?
