If Adam and Eve had 2 sons how did this generation start?..
#tweetyourweight 177.5 - holy crap, thank god Relapse Week is over
lol! Right after I pushed send I immediately thought: Austrailia=not morning, no joke! ;) Have a great Saturday Melina!!!
Off to the hospital :(
I think you just solved the entire global economic crisis. Everybody needs to fuck more and not for free.
lol damn shame u sound like a pimp
8 pm RT : what time does go on tonight?
Hi Bert - Thanks for the follow!
how warm is it!?!
They call me Gepetto.
There is a fine line btw working hard and plain chaos. It pays to slow down and get our systems in order, living and working systems.
Thanks Roger - we're going to continue discussing Hybrid Pedagogy this wk on TECHstyle - check back later cc
and I were gta-ing today. It was fun. (; lmao
It Feel Good af Outside :)
Thanks for the RT
feel free to apply. It's in Beaverton and 20 hours a week with heavy lifting. Not to scare just inform :)
Watching Peter Andre - My Life
Order the artisan chocolate bars which come in 3 different flavor combinations.
sucks to suck ): lol we woulda had fun being faded
im wondering,when my phone gon get here.0:
Yeaa bro. Its been real
I'm crazy about Swayze.
Today has been amazing, but tomorrow is gonna be even better. Birthday in two hours. ♥
. I know. It appears as though we're screwed. A vote for the lesser of two evils is still an endorsement of evil.
I'm just waiting for her to ask me!
thanks for including me! Glad u liked the #glutenfree carrot chocolate chip muffins!
stellar oh soo stellar. What you up to?
sorry I missed this thread ladies! I was out solving mysteries last night (obv).
started work at 5 a.m. that's how you know you are insane ;)
true pippen was aight lol but he not a 50 greatest player to me tho...
“: I miss Penelope Cruz's long locks.” me too! thought for a sec it could have been faux bob, but so sad it's chopped!
yeah thats right,apologize :p
Hey - Today is the anniversary of Nelson Mandela's inaguration! :)
Can't let this happen!
Happy Birthday Stacy Godo!
If the Nineveh 1959552 fractal is a multiple of speed of light digits, (2x9x9x7x9x2x4x5x8) then that means they used the metric system.
HOT on tonight!! killed it too! One of my favorite shows!
I love apple juice.
I miss being a kid everything was so simple. And easy..
#Prettylittlethings is expected to hit the festival tour as early as this fall!
Thanks for the love! RT : Listening now really talented! like it so much
i seriously cant wait for tomorrow.
How have we come this far w/o mentioning Steam Powered Giraffe?
Thank You to all who attended #PPAIExpo! We will see you at ASI Dallas FEB 2nd!
I LIKE CREEPING YOUR PAGE!!!! (hehe)
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
yeah!! US Cantina?!
feel like I've been away from the Twitterverse forever. Nice to finally have a little bit of time again to read some tweets. :)
House arrest? So he might get to watch Sister, Sister and Full House reruns whenever he wants?
I'm almost every week i a hotel with ma parents, and I think It's really cheap! :/
this has really been a crappy day! Please follow me and make me smile!
If you don’t have solutions – You don’t have a life- InSpotter mobile app
Car stalled in BW3's parking lot and wont start
Wow! What a duel that would be.
If we can get either OJ or Conley going, we can boost this lead up a little. The frontline (gay, zbo, Marc) is playing well
you definitely just made me look up "roscos" and I still don't know what they are. Help! Lol
"we noticed u had 2 orders, is this a mistake?" "no, i didn't want us to sit together. he's nice, I just don't want to sit next to him."
Just got home from long day of mental work n now putting my feet up n enjoying my FAVORITE TV show...Desperate Housewives!
Rendevous with Ian of The Kingston Lounge in a few hours for some exploring at the asscrack of dawn tomorrow!!
"I've got my PENCIL!" -- David Lee Roth
haha he gave up the girl she just said whatever
he's an outside baby that's all
daily #dressage tip:to teach your horse rhythm, have u got rhythm? have someone drill you 'left, rt, left, rt' in 4/4 time. can u do it?
Interested in learning how to build your own uke? Head over to Heritage 2 and join host Mike Leeworthy!
I'm about to be in your music video
I like to watch a race not a recap with singing. Recaps are for sportscenter.
Joshua Gordon of says it's key to maintain an open mind when exploring career paths...
WTF were u guys doing
Rethinking about a lot of priorities of mine. This shit finna get taken care of
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people: - better watch this one, he's only 23 and accomplished SO much!
Or them on us...
:( if I win it ill give it to you because I know how much you've wanted it since we were freshmen hahah
really though ;-P I need to be at Lowes during these times! It would definitely make shopping there go by w/ease .. JusSayin
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
#Caps GMGM says he hasn't thought about it a whole lot on what they will do for a new coach
I wonder what me and my other half's going to do this weekend.
Hanging out in Vegas after a long productive day at
Like this proposal a lot, Charlie. This just feels like the right track and how I viewed the alien commander role as well.
RT ... Alot of people hear, but very few listen ...
I think i've actually cried during that movie...hahaha
NY Knicks need help BAD!!!!
anything for a good friend :) Hope all is well!
BASKETBALL TRIVIA Why was the game of basketball invented and by who ?
hey greg we would love to talk to you about Victory Beer. Can you email me at
So how's Joey Barton's mom doin' today?
Then what? Lol RT free your mind...
I like getting out of the shower and splashing my hair everywhere :P its beast
is a lame name!!!
I'm gonna have to go my local DD and do a taste test now... :D
come on let's see more new stuff!!!
Constantly; I try to patiently listen then I say OK IT IS MY TURN and HERE'S WHY YOU DERP-ASS is rong! LOL!! ♥
I miss the old Project Muse.
When you subtweet about someone and then they RT that tweet...
I have been on Twitter for like 2 weeks now...I don't get it...all you get out of it is stupid ppl with their adds, dumb celebs and what?
Nothing beats a killer Saturday morning workout followed by a lazy breakfast!
Yes, I do think I am better than these assignments. Easy to say I will be so happy that this class is over no matter the grade!
We have visitors from Cape Town, South Africa, and Buenos Aires, Argentina tonight!
I want to hang out with my sister so bad.
red bull!
At some point do you have to start looking at the margin of victory in certain losses for teams? Is it that bad yet?
They Say You Are What You Eat, That's Funny I Don't Recall Eating A Sexy Beast Today.
do you want to go to a OSU vs. IU basketball game? New Years Eve.
Thanks for the follow Alysha! We definitely enjoy BizTimes as well, but we all suck at vball.
Thanks for the Go West Book Fest RT!
I forgot that this morning was late opening at school. SIGH.
if your in Chicago who do I contact for a meet n greet ?
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing. -Michael Phillips
seriously sold out so fast! Faster than last year
Wiz and Mac coming back!
awesome, this someone you know?
You can tweet stuff directly into facebook too... do it all in one step :}
*is totally surprised* Thom... what...?
I run the game but these women think I'm runnin game... (;
but it's in between memorial and labor day and may 28 is memorial day
She didn't laugh. She wasn't sad or angry, either. I at least chuckled. Haha!
yeah I know! & guess what I'm not allowed to do today..
Favorite UW game of the year - Senior Day. Jordan is one of the best to go through the program.
RT : Best quote today: "The best thing about this trip was making my mother smile."~ 15 year old, COI kid.
Luke's brother is coming in to town next weekend and I think that would be a good idea...
I look out for my family and friends before myself
likewise brother. Will do! Ill have to come party up in Alabama!
I can't/don't sleep anymore. It's making me feel like a fucking zombie.
I feel so much more legitimate now that I have over 1,000 tweets.
you should have to write a song about being a #gentalman ..... because you're already a
Omg I'm going to throw up on the cta
S/O to Great musicians based out of Brooklyn! Check em out!
Listening to songs from West Side Story @ #yaddo benefit. Leonard Bernstein worked on it at the colony...so lovely!
The pick is Q as fuck. Kendall Wright?
Just had the most amazing dinner at Artisan at the Delamar hotel in Southport, CT! Definitely my new favorite Fairfield County restaurant.
Vogue - in this month's issue: "Dead Girls Are Skinnier."
I hope Seattle Public Library does this: MT We were joking around one day about having Nerf Bow and Arrow contests.
Late in responding but yeah...I know. Sorry we don't have much Bulls programming in the offseason.
I NEED A HAIRCUT WHERE IS
Stream our new record De Novo for free on our website too, we just want ya'll to hear it! www.illmondo.com
Just throwing this out there: Perhaps Mexico should consider legalizing drugs?
this time next week I will be raging my as off at
I don't know what it is but I'm craving cupcakes again!!
RT : Study Abroad: The Experience of American Undergraduates (Contributions to the Study of Education): While it is a......
Dear app developers: when a customer gets on twitter complaining about a bad user experience, don't just tell them they're wrong.
We are pretty much everywhere tonight! Where are you?
My grandpa called n said " this is a crime, they need to stop the game"
lol I love that word! And screaming aaaawwwkkkwwwaaaarrddd in weird situations just to make them MORE awkward bahahah
its change n da couch bruh
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
#nowfollowing both of you...
Greetings #clat2lrn. David Kelly from NYC, joining a little late.
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥ 1
When is your birthday?
I got some bomb ass kush let's blaze it
ive been legit happy. [completely] for about a week & not wanting to die. life is good.
I love you too babe
I don't know why we would have? I never unfollow people.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski & Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
Coke lol RT What should I do for my bday weekend next week?
Follow Me Pleasee!! Your Concert On Sunday Was So Fun! I Had An Amazingg Time There! Glad I Got To Take The Picture With You!!
Please, get it together, Randy.
I'm graduating in T minus 2 WEEKS!!!!!!!
Luddites perspective sim. to hipster mvmnt? Elitest? #narcissism Is there a dif. btw values on real life and FB?
Love! Just mentioned as we do their cheesecake! Enjoy your meal honey.
Strange times are here
Is anybody watching this Knicks-Bucks game? New York is a ridiculous 14 for 17 from the field. Landry Fields has 2 misses, Iman Shumpert 1.
Got a TN Rep callback next week, gotta keep pressing forward.
That's no hologram PAC, but it's aight
RT : “Leaders don't force people to follow—they invite them on a journey.”—Charles S. Lauer
Wanna make my day better by following me!?!??!?!?! Please
yes sir how are brah? Good morning my dude
Really enjoyed the conversation about the #MKE music scene Thanks !
McNulty: what kind of name is Alma? Alma: I have a boyfriend detective. McNulty: ... is he bigger than me? :)
Get the fuck off my timeline bitch.
Thank YOU! Hope you're enjoying the program!
Closing arguments done in Amy Senser trial.
Is it #Saturday :09 yet? Geez, come on already!
Hanging out on stage at Godspell with Love you #Broadway! Love this show!
There's no such thing as "too many" J Crew shorts.
Keep seeing pictures of cake on instagram. Wahh now I want some. F-u
Linkin Park shoot new video on the moon, nice
Finally got my phone back oh #toosick without it
no minimums at Moorea all rental prices drink what and how much u want! Daybeds start at $225.00. DM is if you are interested.
#JMS220 On which San Diego freeway was there recently a shooting?
Heading to the desk now for See witness video of Vancouver boat crash & the latest on U of O student death. Cu soon
pet peeve #19: books being released in only hardback so they can charge more.
No draws in this tight dress just cause I want to !
Hee! “: In the last minute, we've gotten requests for Bergman's PERSONA, Żuławski's POSSESSION and... GOOD BURGER.”
Go Fever. Big game tonight.
follow back :)
Excited for a 4-day weekend? I AM!!
ty for the #ff cluck-out :)
what you on bro
Hm,, why is it I can't follow anyone??
At UNC tutoring tonight while everyone gets to watch the game tonight I get to help the students oh well. Go Tar Heels!
I'm bored & have no one to talk to: so tall to mee...
looking for an ultra modular super interactive multimedia timeline of the future
I just wanna dance
I had you in mind Tony. Thanks for your support! Cheers!
Today's the anniversary of the only reason #brewers fans think Bill Hall would ever be good to bring back.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet bill gates . all he can do is tell me no
It's #sexualwednesday! Yayay Jenna marbles cracks me up. (:
maybe midnight or 1
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want each other, something screws it up.
Can't wait to see punk'd. But I can't see you getting mad you seem so chill!
t-minus 45 minutes til Eric Litwin is at Andersons... are you going ??
Game Dev has to be understood as a system of options since only the beginning is plannable. - Old Prussian General
i want a cute australian accent.
Didn't know you could undo that change. Thanks!
I'm easily confused by technology.
poignant. There's nothing better than overheard dialogue. The best place in the world for that is of course NYC.
Individuality is either the mark of genius or the reverse. Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.~ Frederick E. Crane
school work time...
Looking forward to hearing about your opportunity!
I cleaned out my followers today too and I lost at least 10 now lol
That Buford possession ended just about how I expected, although that was 50% his fault
both my sides look good. At least my mirror thinks so:-)
thank you!
•hypnoeyes• you are willing to follow me also
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
"True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde
online! have you gotten yours yet?
Quote of the night: "he's not the sharpest tool in the shed." Me, "but he's the shiniest!"
Agreed! ": I can't get the new chant out of my head....which is a good thing! I effing love it!! "
RT I wish high school basketball was longer and had a shot clock. It would be so much better
Definitely definitely definitely going to add #Girls to my list of shows to follow. I think it might actually be the voice of a generation.
Just another day at High school tomorrow (:
some dude in a band decided he would destroy our bass head but but got it fixed today.
too much to read... What is it? Lol
I've been a little out of the twitter loop lately. I'm glad to hear all is well :)
I love abc family shows , its real teenager shit
so who isn't at the jazz estate tonight? twitter is blowin up! me? i'm getting my KU, UK fix.
Just finished the third book in the Hunger Games trilogy. Borderline devastated.
Ha! Danger...that's my middle name!
isn't it on the 4th floor, south side? Near the global freedom of the press exhibit.
RT : Pittsburgh, the city of champions... and the Pirates.
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful BEST TREND EVA.
Any update on Camby's status tonight?
If we get mfg jobs back we're going to need to be ready to train the new hires!
Just wana be alone :'(
Pleasantly surprised by Contagion, good film.
Count me in! “: Interested in a network of #VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval? #letsjoin!”
win, lose or tie I am a diehard fan until I die
Ugh. I hate crying.
HEY GUYS WE'RE RELEASING OUR MUSIC VIDEO ON SEPTEMBER 6TH ALONG WITH OUR SINGLE ON ITUNES, RHAPSODY AND AMAZON SO MAKE SURE TO BUY IT:)
kinda disappointed
If Herman Cain can be a presidential candidate, pizza can be a vegetable.
Damn I was tired as hell today!!! Nothing like an after school nap :)
hahah aw oh, ok, because i was there and i was like no we shouldve met up! i got the best HD videos though! she was perfect.
also fresh update coming in January. Going to include a new feature.
nah he's going to eat while doing chair pose, right?
Finally I'm home 
I knew yall might have been a lil funny but not that funny. Yall are hilarious and
The theme this year is "Postmarked 2011," the art is by Breena Wiederhoeft () and Zech Bard ().
Despite national trends #sandiego #housing prices are on the rise...Now it the perfect time to purchase #realestate here!
He's right! As soon as we get rid of this pond scum administration it will improve the economy
Glad to see this addressed. Years of poor posture can cause spinal misalignment that needs treatment.
one of these days we'll have a rematch
Ooh, have fun skiing!
Raspberry nutella at ...if love had a flavor this might be it!
fuck this dissecting a cat bullshit, got cat juice in my eye..
Show love to my ppls
What stores in sd r open?!?!
Antonio Allen
JLo is looking more and more amazing!!!
You're welcome! :-)
Haha that is the sweetest compliment :) thanks girl
<--cannot figure out how to add text to an RT. ack.
You don't, by chance, have a sibling or other family member named Rob do you? I went to Air Academy with one.
#VENGEANCE so stoked, welcome to the family!
i wish that thing was over i wanna go somewhere.....
... "EAT in-between-meals SNACKS. Fruits & vegetables are not required, but snacks should be under 150 calories." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
haha typical Olson moves.
bakes too. It's a great quality in a boy. Why Katniss doesn't see this (being HUNGRY and all) is a mystery.
yay!!! Have fun!! Send me pics :)
Hey-I see you are a finalist in the Instructables Arduino Challenge!!! Nice!
It is official... the office has run out of ! help! cc:
Ground rule double, I'll take it!
Hope i get this job :)
right on #iloverum - the 21 year old Cuba Libre was legit
i dont no but u should charge ur ipod
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
#eduiconf speakers don't forget to email us your slides for the download site.
This Sunday will be dope
u sure did get the brisket mrs.ImInHeaven
In the studio in LA where John Clayton is producing a CD for Charles Aznavour. Rachelle Farell is the special guest. Really nice.
well it would be my first all-nighter ever :)
Interesting path. How about Jethro Tull (or Steeleye Span for the real folkie touch)?
Good Luck , in Championship Game today.. Bring home title
my story is that one day I will run OWN. Bold but necessary.
I blame that asshole Merlin for setting up shop next door. How's an avg wizard supposed to compete with brand recognition like that?
#Emmy entry early deadline is Monday. Save cash and win a statue
Thanks for sharing out our article!
": Only way I catch blue balls if she had blue lipstick".....get em boy ;-)
Aarghhh... can't sleep.
It's been a long night.
What area of the house do you find to be the hardest part to keep organized?
Left-handers are more likely to be geniuses -- 20% of all MENSA members report being left-handed.
The station is having a bake sale tomorrow! Join us for delicious treats, good music, and sign up to host your own show while you're at it!
happy birthday lovely ! :D you're finally 16! i love you as well as all the other #mahomies! never give up on your dreams ! <3
lmao ok uh qudoba or however u spell it is half off with college id
I have tried codeine cough syrup, masturbating, a hot shower, smokin bowls of kush and white noise and I still cant sleep grrrrrr
We're playing at Kimo's in San Francisco on Saturday June 11th. More details to come...
ya looks that way for now.. more to it then just retiring though
I hate when a mf don't follow directions! Simple directions at that...smh
what? Sounds interesting.
me too!!
Can someone go follow
Talk that talk to me ;*
N what u want to do?
I thought it was positive she put on a good show with her musicians and avoided having a lot of syncing
Naa... It's called frostbite. The numbness makes you think it's warm....
I got a new number! HIT ME UP! 414-429-3973
Back to finish my work tonight, didn't get to bed tell almost 12:00 in the morning this morning. Hope to turn in earler tonight.
Such an amazing song from #boyfriend :D
Thx for the follow!
Don't be Racist.<3 okay, ill try.(:
Hahah I know, right? Cable Pretzel broke up after Small World, for obvious reasons...
Chuck seems to be liking his guided workouts
I don't believe in second chances anymore, second chances are for bitches
Right thing to do? RT : KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - Obama has sent a letter formally apologizing for Quran burning.
Follow Friday for my #AdTechSF co-panelists:
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that last month was the warmest March on record at an average of 51.1 degrees i
Sound mix from my window: music, traffic, church chorus, conversations.
I believe that freedom is the deepest need of every human soul
If you work at a store, your not going to make alot of money!! ahahah
Today Is Tunrnin Out To Be A Bitch .
HAPPY EASTER!!! :)
looks like it.
My child’s bowels are triggered by the phrase, “Get in the car. It’s time to leave.”
Is it bad that I don't know who One Direction is?
Its so sad how egotistical some men can be..smh
#fashion is my heart, #music is my soul #modeling is my life
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson & Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I don't even know who this person is
hey James my bday is sunday is there anyway you can tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
The possibility that we may fail in the struggle, ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. Abraham Lincoln
If you are in the WPB area and want to hear a great band, go tonight to and see winners of the next GAC star,
Congratulations to for her nomination in the 3rd Annual ATL's Hottest Entertainment Award as ATL's "Hottest Female Artist"!!
Quote from Rehearsal: "I don't care if it's French, it's *#>%ing stupid." - Dannie
I can finally get on with my life. Brad and Angelina are engaged.
...This is the element of Freedom. -Alicia Keys.
s/o 2 all the producers and features on
we're going to die.
Thanks! I got all your questions today...
Make my wish come true and follow me.<3 Please.(:
This is exactly why Lebron will never be in the same class as Jordan or Kobe. Clutch wins championships
I can't send u the link unless ur following me. I tried. Just another sign ur meant to be my friend
“: Tau Chapter was chartered on May 1 1922 at Atlanta U for undergraduate men seeking membership into Omega Psi Phi.”
thanks for the s/o
Ayers: DH needs to build things of substance now, with relevance for teaching & broader audiences
thank you for checking us out! :)
Doing well, thanks! Living in my dad's old house. Bob has two girls and lives in Folsom now. How are you?
people are gonna start bringing you avocados which is gonna be even worse than carrots cause they're squishy and get brown fast
Cleveland quit on that play! That was a disgrace.
if you lived in Andover, you would already be home
...I like this! Great share!
haha I'm sure they will be marked down to like $5 in no time. Let's buy Odom jerseys, listen to Alanis, and have an irony party!
I'm hiding mine on a separate page. Best I can do so far...
Looking forward to seeing my Dad and Randy today. Their stays here are always epic. Light housework in preparation.
put the ones that aren't in the boxes
ah! I want to win those passes ! That would make my life <3
Who's ready for my remix of "Call Me Maybe"?.... [This is the best remix I have EVER done. be ready.]
Working the rest of my double tired and pissed off ....
RT : hustling, nothing new lol < Hustling hard or Hustling smart?....Huge difference!
New Mexico Satellite Man can wall-mount that HDTV. Give him a call at 350-6428.
I am loving the quotes today!
interesting that Tide mentioned reach w/ women behind #NFL sponsorship, NASCAR doesn't offer the same audience.
C'mon, Pepsi, make the site live and send me a confirmation with a link to vote!! Stay tuned peeps ADL Center needs your votes!
The average sleep time of a dog is said to be 10.1 hours per day...jealous?
for the last 10 years Sandler movies have sucked. last 2 good ones were happy gilmore and billy madison
I know who to call wen im down
now all the lames popular
Correction! I am NOW and no longer SimplyGrapes.... :)
Aw thanks!
If I didn't have a quiz today, I wouldn't be leaving my bed all day
GO LEVY
found you!
i havnt been to my grandmas in a min !
Custom reporting tools help map activity to measurement goals
Apartment above me is blasting "oldie" and shaking the walls while I'm writing this paper. You know what...that's ok with me.
Ask Zayn a question!!!!
i wish i liked energy drinks - i've got to wake up!
It's a bit emotional for us here. We've never worked without Walt as part of the on-air mix. Will miss his wit on
I see what you're doing there. :3
when im done doing the dishes im going to eat... opposite :)
Wonder where babe's at?
Digitas new front panel discussion
I call that a warm up. But then again I might have a problem…
yea we do it'll be fun
RT : The more I watch the Highlighters in person, the more I can't get over the length they have in the frontcourt.
Enjoy the last day. Safe trip home, guys!
I really need to work on being someone respectable at conferences, and not the person who starts bagging on religion immediately.
Best of luck, win one for the nice, good guys. Wishing you all the luck in the world.
Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn is having a rail jam this Fri. Free beer, BBQ, and prizes. Lunatik Clothing will be there! Check it out
I love the smell of online commerce in the morning
I'm still not sure on him, will let u know as soon as I hear
wish I could be there, follow anyways?
“: Gallup: Obama most admired man (17%) followed by Bush (3%), Clinton (2%)...Gingrich makes list with 1%” i admire
EARTH DAY
Quoting my friend re: Jeremy Lin: Better PR for Asian Americans than money can buy!
Flip flops, tshirt, and shorts. Oh how wonderful is a
weren't social service offices around before President Obama??? I think so.
aha. Now now all of us know everyone misses their favorite Asian, Jess & me screaming at #bachelor and #t&t. hah
We need silent auction items for a fundraiser in April. If you have anything you can donate, please let me know!
why didn't slayer join in the Big Four jam session?
:There are 3 types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.
K, I don't do this often/at all, but the chick singing on #Thevoice is KILLING it! Love me some oldschool
#welovegreyson because his style<3 there's no way of describing it I love it!!(:
Got out just in time, it seems.RT BREAKING: National Weather Service says Texas sets record for hottest June-August in U.S. history. -EC
i love it when i see a celebrity with a "self-taken" picture as their twitter or watev profile pic it makes me think they're people too :]
+1 RT : "If you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future, you're pissing all over today"
I marked out when Lesner came out!
#madisonbiketoworkweek tip of the day...ride with your mouth closed. *cough*
We're the new Hoda and KathyLee... I call not Hoda.
plus his last name is crazy hard to spell
Well, that's *his* job--if I can't find one of my own I might still need to go baron hunting.
maybe a dog is considering you as an owner in the future. EVER THOUGHT OF THAT!?!
Badger football ranked #7 in the latest BCS poll
It's not your fault, but is is your problem.
cheap dive where one of the patrons references cyrano? yes, please. thank you,
as for the timing...the pressure's been on since Biden spoke. I don't really know why now, but it's a political risk for sure
With all these releases, games that require a little dedication get ignored as a result. A game's community can't flourish this way.
true true. See ya tomorrow brother!
Just welcomed 8 members of the team to New York with Shake Shack, the burgers of champions.
#BestThingYouNeverHeardof rewinding, freezing and fast forwarding time.
~47% use non-"sanctioned" sites and devices to supplement training/learning in the workplace! #sociallearn (so i'm not the only one...?!)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 2
How cool is that? Truly an honor to see
The Welkinn Complex, a medical conspiracy novel, written by Kevin Kiely, now available at online book retailers such as Amazon, B&N, & more.
El Cajon City Council preparing to conduct interview for Planning Commission vacancy, appointment
Like... He's on the screen talking about murders and I'm just like "you gorgeous mother fucker umphhhhhh"
My homie just got out its on 2nite
Good morning!
Happy Valentine's day!! Wishing you love and happiness ALWAYS!! Xoxo
Thanks for the RT Paul...ENJOY the rest of your evening :))
"We shall take your castle by force!"
Make sure to stop by our 2012 West Side Summer Show, Sun Jul 29th @ Wagner's Country Inn, in Westlake. 11a-6p. Over 170 vendors!
Serenity likes to dance in the shower to indie music. I have the best kid ever.
We just got the Williams-Sonoma Xmas catalog. Now I really want to make a bunch of candy. That's normal, right? ;)
MT Intern. Then repeat. RT : What's the best way to get into sports with no work or education experience ?»
Doing a new play reading tonite through Three Roses Theatre Co. -- very cool script!
about a year ago, but I didn't read it until two or three weeks ago
because people are dumb, and believe everything they hear because they are desperate.
The best part of being a supervillain is the freedom to laugh maniacally at all times
Each performance onward moves history forward, starting at community day & continuing now, Live at TheHowardTheatre w/ Bonney &
saturday! I'ma have my phone & $&
I'm pretty sure that Snuggle is the creepiest product mascot ever created.
Thanks for posting, very kind of you!
our job is easier because we are blessed with great kids!
The real being, with no status, is always going in and out through the doors of your face. Lin-Chi
Just ate bowl of oatmeal with only minimal pain. Heading in the right direction!
I don't care :)
Nice to see ref back in the WWE ! Glad to have you back !
super lucky girl!(:
Going Global TV (goingglobaltv) thanks for the follow.
new follower!!! ;)
when i walk into school i go do what i gtta do then get df out.....norcross im moving cant wait and it will be alright
We made out first pit stop on the way to #Milwaukee...5 miles from our house. By this estimation, we'll be in Milwaukee maybe next week.
I enjoyed 2, haven't finished the first, but just really haven't picked up the other two. That said, American Revolution FTW
Just let me know when you are ready to make switch. I can work a deal. Take care!
Spending time at Mimi's before school and work consume my life this summer 💜💜💜💜
Hair cut then pet supermarket then publix and finally the gym
We just did some spring cleaning on our patio...new tables, new landscaping....and more. We are ready for FQF!
I want some chicken and waffles
If you are sitting in mcfaddens comparing with each other what size you wear in Versace couture, I automatically hate you.
Also, #becauseitsFriday I went with my dad and my sister to a family dinner at China Buffet.
why does playlist live have to be on the other side of the universe?
#Orlando professionals to follow RT : Erb & Young Insurance combine integrity and competence as your trusted advisor
Quinn, you better stay away from Artie.!
are u going to game?
So which friend is getting married first. I'm ready to kick off this whole partying at weddings thing.
RT : Gon Bops launch new website: There's also details of the new Gon Bops clothing line, which includes T-shirts, ha......
I'm sick of this shit
thanks #dthr and #peoplechat -- great way to spend my lunch hour! ...now back to the HR tasks at hand....
SWAG-SHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN (I doubt ull ever see is!</3) rttt
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself turn into a villian
THEY GONNA GET U !
Omg ii hate pig
Golden Pride, hands down.
Wish we would have seen Multilingual Social Media in there! RT : Gini Dietrich: 8 PR, marketing and social-media trends...
I find 6" kindle screen pretty impossible for PDFs... DX wd be better, but that much $ puts you near iPad range
Mathematics are well and good but nature keeps dragging us around by the nose. ~Albert Einstein
When my butt is sore, I squeeze it. :D
We've got 2004 reasons to be #thankful this year. Cheers to all of you!
. Follow me<3 !
Simpsonizers Cant Wait For Paradise!
Happy new years eve everyone, (:
Just heard, "It'd run a maggot off a gut truck." We were talking about farming. I love the South.
Free Keda Mac
Don't cry over a guy let a guy cry over you cause girls GIVE&FORGIVE and guys GET&FORGET
for the next 2 months, im gonna be in a
would you mind following me now..?? 😁
Since I was only about 4 years old, don't think there were too many #ThingsISaidInThe90's
prob is "you belong @ your lib" seems to physical-lib centered. I want to stress online access/ref.
hahahah c: you've officially followed my wicked annoying twitter wahoo!!
Looking like a bag of money
Bang Bang!!!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Ain't tweeted in a good min
Hahaha "We all know a douchebag named Tyler.." lmaoo!
Our first customer arrived...his name is Alan!
Okay well yeah that's fine I can understand that you have tons of work to catch up on :) but hey like I said today at the park
Great United States of Americana show this morning! happy mothers' day!
Found my phone case. No worries.
why do so many gays want to be "plastic?" Plastic is cheap, just look at Barbie, each one of those whores is only like $15. lol.
T.Swift still trending.. Crazy she can make nothing to something in her life. Not alot of people can say that
i had fun last night
Haven't felt like complete shit in a while.
I just tweeted in my pants
tried some newly formulated Schiltz. Not too shabby...
Tried to use my free pizza last night. Their app didn't recognize the coup, and the store mgr had no knowledge of the promo!
Running a 5K.. What the hell did I get myself into..
Used to be first now I'm dead last Smh
Ike: "Take that piece of paper, and shove it sideways up you're wrinkled *ss."
my day was great :) and ah im jealous that you caught a fish! i go fishing with my uncle & i've never caught one! lol
Apparently my Mondays are turning into hiking days. Not a bad routine...
GRANDmorning ya'll, woke up because I got a text message and my phone vibrates really loud!!! 😒
Registered for 5K race on Long Island next weekend :)
...and take down your Lugar sign already.
Connecting personally. (I'm @ RedeApp).
Shower or eat first?
wanna help a runner out? Nathanpeelphoto.com/check-it ... Scroll down and vote for Mary and Sean!10,000 bucks toward the wedding!
The smell of cigarettes make me wanna vomit
Looking to get ahead in your outbound campaign? #magnalogix can help. 866.460.6611
Ha! To criminal defense? Or personal injury? Called the City Engineer, but don't know if there's any way to make street safer.
Its to nice
And truthfully, I've had women friends who wished they were taller. Not 6'2 tall lol, but yeah, I get ya.
or maybe it was just tactical to get a contract offer that has yet to come, and may never.
Sup! I am going crazy trying to figure out how to get my twitter on... how are things! Like Dr. Evil would say.
Thanks for noticing! RT : books on Kindle for non-extortionate prices? Swoon.
Hangover city bitch, hang-over city bitch
Fan-f**king-tastic work on your site, man! Thanks to for the nod. Love the NBC rebrand.
i have been busy but all is well
jealous fiancee by a mile.
you told me to check your hometown on FB
I hope everyone shows up to my St. Paddy's Day non-alcoholic party...
It looks like we have a similar background; I'm also a drummer & aspiring producer hoping to work in the music biz
No kidding! Thanks!
By the looks of my TL a lot of ppl seem to be down. If I could wave a magic wand to make things better I would!
I can be there in about 10 hours. Can I stay for the rest of your life?
lol that's hilarious
Four steps apparently doesn't equal a travel when you're a Big East team.
just you wait... Two and three are better. ;)
so that last tweet was trying to find out how crowded shamrocks is right now. Many people there?
check out this month for a feature on the SIDESHOW FRINGE FEST! don't forget to follow for details!
goodnight everyone
omg hi
Thank you for registering for the 2012 Beer Bloggers Conference, scheduled for July 13 – 15 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
have you gotten any of my texts ? :p i miss you and so does this account XD
Going outside to chill with my buds.
Que comience la pachanga!! Let the party start!! 
slaimon the god follow me back :)
in milw? When?
Salary is $174k. I have pledged not to keep more than $100k of it.
An "And but so" popped out of my mouth today and I had to then face my own problems overusing such. I am powerless in its face.
Whoever thought it was funny to sign my cell number up for "Cat Facts" better hope I don't find out who u are!
You're only gonna let me down when it counts.
I'm so jealous! I want to go to Toronto. It's wedding season so I'm going crazy!!
Well, I guess we're a Tiger town for a while.
well hey too you also! I hope your Cards win tonight, that would be awesome for them!
great labor day weekend. saturday, I won 4 gold medals at USgrappling submission only tournament. My 27 sec. sub. was the fastest of the day
Nice!.....B'fast looks awesome! Enjoy.--Happy Mothers Day !
Y do I even bother with relationships
Welp, last time I try to give you advice
Ha! It's not online yet....but I'll FB it to you! You well?
Very exciting that we've got games on Wednesday night AND Saturday night this week. Come out to McNally's and watch 1st place !
I'm alright economic sh
follow and please :D x 31
omg. peeing myself. zayn's reaction to getting flashed >>>>>
Thanks for the follow :)
Still official. Still "STUPID HOT".
DM us your contact info
Hey Summer girl, hope you check out our songs and like our FB page!
Pretty sure I just designed a distinct and successful wine label. Time will tell.
The awkward moment when your blowing mucus out your nose and mouth at the same time D:
buy criminal video on iTunes.. 1.99$
or all the requests! I mean, don't people learn? I don't want to tend your fields or meet you at the poker table. :/
try to find a veteran 2nd baseman...question is who??
New Dog Care Guide for Tucson Dog Owners Released Tucson resident, Dog Behavioral Therapist & Master Trainer Gerard Raneri, has released
Overheard in the beer aisle, "I've never had Tecate."
I would be at the American Idol live taping if I didn't live in Miami. What a waste...
aw! :( well i hope you can go! :) its gunna becrazy with btr and cody..
Watching "The FOX Report With Shepard Smith" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tevez has a 6pack like mine
Delivery guy called to say he left some flowers for me with my neighbor, but he wouldn't tell me who they were from.
There's always money in the banana stand!
they are not related yu retard
word. MT I'm amused by ppl who dont recognize indpnt consultants as entrepreneurs or service providers as viable businesses
im mad that i didnt have anyone to take me!! i had the money to buy my ticket but no one to take me
Moving to Desoto next year :)
💪 got my tickets to the gun show 🔫
Stay tuned for weekly updates-we are starting new and exciting things Dottie Doolittle!
glad to hear it. We’re also looking forward to a great workshop!
Inspired by real life
do you know how to unhook a bra. me and were just wondering. actually Maria was :)
Don't disagree with your comment about digitalvaults.org. It all seems rather random ...
like 10 minutes after you said you were going to sleep (:
Eyes get tired. For fun, try an audiobook. What a treat!
: I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (3)
man... That's my dude and all but... This Fro is legendary... I need experienced clippers on heem...
#josswhedon thank you!!!!
Eye appointment for my 7 year-old today. This will result in glasses. I have my money right here! Thank you !!!
You are most welcome!
Anyone else having trouble logging into Hootsuite? It's not recognizing my username.
Having an awesome afternoon hanging out with my parents! My fathers talking about his childhood in Alabama during the 50's. Hilarious!
: What to do if you find a #kohails problem--complain? French do that a lot... or contribute! :D
Histology question: apocrine and eccrine sweat glands have different-size lumens, it's how you tell them apart. Students asking why, IDK...
for the trip that you took, did you have to get permits and whatnot in advance?
Hahaha alain jus opened a can of chunky soup and jus started eatin it talkin bout "I dnt got time for all that microwave shit" lol
hiring managers: what's the best question you've heard from a candidate?
I just found one. Hit me up once your in.
R.I.P Junito FUCK the WORLD if U aint IN it !
bella you should come home for a while like in florida in fort walton beach go to the mall its big and fun
It's all old fashioned and slow. NOPE!
ok. hopefully it won't be to big of a hassle to move
I need a favor! We're still in 2nd place... can you vote us into 1st by everyone clicking on GirlFriendCIRCLES!
I think I've discovered what I'm going to do on my vacation: 24/7.
As if justin bieber one direction and big time rush weren't enough my 10 year old daughter is making me watch japanese boy band videos SMH
God gave His only Son so He could have a relationship with you. Why would u think He would withhold anything else from u?
dude, for sure! Hit me up!
Well....my night was just made...hello aj....
This is getting fucking annoying now!
STIX the CAT sez, "hi mike larsen and a good meow to you - thx for the follow - meow!"
Anytime after six....pm
At times, nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated sarcasm.
you think they wouldve had a chance? With or w/o rose they were gonna get smacked
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
1st course: bialy with smoked salmon and blackhawk porter.
The polls are closed. And, special coverage on WUWM is live. Tune in.
Looks interesting! I'll be there!
RT : #FoodieChats A3: My wife says it's her. I tried to argue until she said, "Hey, I'll eat a pound. Will you?"
we're working finalizing a date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC. Look for an announcement in next week or two.
Sergio Bustos says Hispanics are the soccer moms of 2012-- they could go either way depending on who can deliver the right message to them
CB4 bang'n in the system... str8 outta locash... it's 10 o'clock... do you know where your mom's at?
so, youre saying my bright shining face was not enough to compel you to see me, but my politics are? LOL
Dear work...I'll have a hockey hangover in the morning. Please have the coffee ready. And fuck you Rangers!
That mini snicker bar was love! >>
you need to come on down to San Diego and have our Gumbo party. We never got around to it.
Topic? If for my class, send me the links and I will approve. : RE: newspaper or magazine article that relates to psychology
You know you're a wimp when a giant spider sends you running and shrieking faster and louder than the 7 yr old ur hanging with
The niners may have lost but everyone loses because Madonna is doing the Super Bowl Halftime show.
taking care of business with great #service while I enjoy a coffee, newspaper, and the Sunday shows
I don't rap on twitter little nigga I'm around
Oh my lol!! #LAHair i may watch since tabitha's salon takeover has disappeared for some strange reason
well, I do plan on #douchingitupinarlington on Saturday night
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
come in and see them anytime.. They love visits! :)
i got to go to yanks stadium last night and watch the o's shut them down 5-0. and it was awesome. and i almost got in a fight.
Beauty is skin deep....wait isn't that a commercial?!
Thanks! Easily one of my favorite books of all time!
Unlike Social Media, we actually help you monetize and track your marketing results, short and long term. We guarantee better results.
and it was delicious!! Thanks for joining.
Must have sense of humor to read all the tweets his/her players tweet about them.
#ThingsThatMakeMeMad I say I'm going offline and not to tweet and then fucking everyone tweets me. GOSH I HATE THAT SHYT
Wish I could respond via twitter. Oh well...
I'm going to use the words "pursuant to" so many times in this MD Civ Pro #lawschool exam...
we just came from flamingo pool.. with armie and cuz..
Dysfunctional ass mf!
Are you ready for some football?
I do lots of things, thank you very much!
upgrade complete, system restored and cache cleared!
Now is a great time to start an online store! You can be open to sell for Christmas season...let us show you how!!
you are beautiful just the way you are :)
I like to play dirty tricks on those telephone fundraisers, mostly because I tell them not to call but they do anway
There are many types and kinds of guides, let self respect be yours.
unfortunately i did not. gotta work on my fundamentals
When you start laughing for no reason and can't stop >> 😜
": whts good ahki I nd 2be in one of the academy award winning films u producin">>Ayee thts the Key to Get an AWARD COMIN
“: Oh snap, #Obamacare is going to give us more coverage for less money!
Thank you for doing this I'm super excited!!!
VIP night at Scholars Inn. Buy one appetizer get one free!!!
Cool, keep me in the loop!
"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo." - H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Way to go Scott Fligor - our newest EMT behind the wheel!
I can't wait for Super Junior's comeback coming up this year! And they are already recording their 6th album!
word up. Live and learn.
glad to hear it. I will fight all of you
the cameraperson is making too many movements it's a total blur with just random signs showing.
#turn #up #the #love #now #we're gonna save the world tonight!
thanks for a great season! Go Pack!
Best. Night. Ever
Not good to be outnumbered...
...it looks like a box with an arrow coming out. Click it and then look for button: "Add to Home Screen." Press it. That's it.
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Encore Stage & Studio! Why do you LOVE Encore? Share it here!
was just talking about the confit; haven't tried it yet. Might have to do it this weekend. Knife reminds me that I need a ham...
#iWannaGiveAShoutout To my band Sexual Chocolate
Keep out of Florida's gated communities
Ever put Nutmeg instead of Cinnamon on your Cinnamon & Sugar toast?! .... Yeah, me neither.
what does HP selling of its PC Business mean for Microsoft?
I wish I could correct
"I don't want to marry someone brave and honorable!"
Oy va voy! Maccabi Haifa hires Bernie Fine as a consultant! Strange hiring for the struggling team, don't think I would want to be involved
When I arrived there were only three other people here now, all cute young men. Now three cute young women have arrived. Coincidence?
Listening to 's composition + guitar solo being played #live on #TV right now on #CBS. So cool!
Helping students learn is something we can all do intentionally, no matter whether we are faculty, librarians, archivists, or technologists
I'm not saying I disagree with you. I'm just answering your question "Why?" Though I don't think he should have said that
OMG! It's in the Oxford English Dictionary
Thx - I work for an amazing org to make play and recess possible for kids at low-income schools across Baltimore.
gorgeous day by the pool after a great #americanreunion party last night!
I am creating jobs with and I am not using 1 taxpayer $ and don't need one. Taxpayer $$ need to stay in taxpayers pocket
will be on with today after 5:30 talking #Dancing with the Stars on tonight at 7.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there!! 🎆
It should not be legal to be awake right now.
#FF because he is a "bad boy" c;
I dyed part of my hair red:)
Hahahaha! Mine plays live from Anguilla!! RT : I like buffets. Guess that's different though.
I'm at my school band concert. Waiting for my turn. ;) You??
What salon in LA do you go to for your hair? I know I heard it in one of your videos I just cant remember which one.
Getting off twitter for the night✌
Time for a drink !
Oh this Thursday. We're playing with Ha Ha Tonka and Spring Standards at Club Cafe. It'll blow your pants out. Get there, yinz.
www.indianacountyfair.com has been updated! check back soon for a BIG announcement about the country performer!
Super productive day with the talented and beautiful #pnb #business #acting thank you! 😃
not since you left thanks for bringing back up all those horrific memories
check your twitter now :) love you .... I look crazy
haha your welcome (: why don't you move to Texas Huh? Lol
no Brian just no #OKC !
#NP "Down By The Water" The Decemberists, from the "FUV Live 14" CD I got on Thursday night! Good stuff.
I believe that SPARKS went to press today. Celebrating with pumpkin gingerbread at HQ with
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile through anything you're going through
What do #RewardMilk (brought to you by Huntley's Brand) and the human orgasm have in common? ... Absolutely everything.
outstanding... for me lots of family time. well actually only family time. all good. enjoy the week.
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO RECEIVING 'S TWITTERINGS.
yes, it's sort of become a moving target for different reasons. Should be after Tales.
The fact that I just bought this emoji 2 app & can't figure out how to use them while over here is rubbing it in my face <<
My job consist of running the companywide bracket challenge. HA!
based on dollar volume, Northern Manhattan recorded the biggest jump in activity from a year ago rising 83% to $155M in sales
about to get this vocal session going
Less than an hour! Be at the Bradley Center at 6:30 to help #FoodFightMKE beat hunger! Don't be late!
Don't miss the older ones. In my opinion, they're better. Later ones seem to get self-indulgent.
Just bought my fishin'/huntin' license which means and I catch as many fish and shoot as Manu varments as I want yes!
Having to schedule time a week in advance to see your roommate. Yeah, that kind of week.
I can def. see arguments vs. Hill. He was the end of that tier for me, hoped Jenkins would fall
Ain't that the truth. If it doesn't you'll be fine, but the person at the other end needs some incentive =)
so we are indeed LIVE tonight on 105.3 FM the Spy at 8pm...tune in, call in, drop out, question authority :)
Can someone explain to me how Oregon slips to #3 in the final polls after losing in the final seconds in the National Championship game?
Finally I'm onlinee :)
Bring it on baby lol!!
#OverheardOnPolkStreet: "He's from Minnesota, but he was raised Jewish."
Tony, you're right. Pratt is an elected official and runs the office. But she's not on Twitter.
I'm sick. Haha life sucks.
Sue and Jimmy Feeley say hi and good luck! They are my friends!
at which show?
This USAF wife would love to attend HUGE parade in NYC to welcome home hubby & all who have served!
Whoadere RT : Girls that smell like fish
Ok, I had to check on you to make sure you were ok. It's never easy dealing with the lost of someone dear to you.
Rt Nobody can go bak and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending...!
Today I'm a Hep Cat.
You don't need diet pills, crazy contraptions. U just need to learn how to move more and eat less.
some things just aren't meant to be tweeted J.
But I did my first angel drop outside on grass- woohoo!
“: The talk with and in the library today >>>” was fantastic 😏
I will pretty much do nothing in the office today.
Here come the #Bills. They want to make a big trade, but at No. 10, it's Michael Floyd or Riley Reiff or...hm....Melvin Ingram.
Thank you President #Obama ... it took a while, but you took your stand - everyone deserves the chance to marry the person they truly love!
U A FUNNY WOMAN LOL
Can somebody tell me a punter was not drafted in round 3 ?
In that dream I'm as old as the mountains
I'm like two blogs behind! Should finish one about my show on Saturday, tomorrow tho.
I think you would look better in Kentucky Blue!! 2012 National Champions!! Go Big Blue!!
Heading to Los Angeles for #SNDLA meetup
who's the girl singing in the pepsi commercial?
Follow my other twitter, pls guys, I follow back;) ! Thank u
Thanks to for all your great wishes. Hope you stay engaged in local politics
Lol broke my wrist
Hell ya!!! 10 in a row baby for player of the week!
lol I see. But I ain't mad at ya get yo money
so my county has an "excessive heat warning" tomorrow, from noon to 7. we ain't got AC. i'm going to shop at walmart for 7 hours. :P
ALWAYS appreciative of the whole CSN team, but today is my hero. And I've never been so happy to see in my life.
I'm just saying in my past. Idk if this girl is like that but it seems like it always is
bleached/bleached/bleached/bleached
yeah but this is amber an I could be the girl of your dreams
Good #Defense #Cowboys (:
Interns going through professionalism & etiquette training today. Do you need to brush up on your skills?
With iPads there are more "in-book" distractions, even w/ Kindles, etc, you don't have other app temptations.
Fuck. Couldn't remember a damn thing for that final exam
I can't remember -- should i get you guys tickets for Market at the Foodbank on April 22?
i also like Zendaya's Clothes too but i love bellz a lil more
i know it's spring because most of my 5th graders have dating on the brain. oye.
He gone! RT @ Thank you MLB Network, for cutting in just in time for me to hear Hawk's heart break
Well put. However, 'tis evil thoughts create my wordetry.
deep memories of you absolutely owning that at karaoke! (i'm trying to add "i like it" to my repertoire)
Fugitive siblings sentenced
can you ping me on Skype?
reading then bed
If you’re getting married soon, say #IDo to FITzee, too! #Brides will feel fit and fab walking down the aisle w/ us by their side.
It's little 5!!
There nothing you can do or say you going to break my heart anyways :/ I love you E.S
Lied in my last tweet.
WE GOTTA CLOSE THESE FOOLS OUT
j j DYNOMITE!
Who is Greenberg, and what did he/she/it say?
Don't steal my smilies fool!
Hopefully I have my car back tomorrow. I miss Roscoe </3
Iowa State wins!!! Beats Okla State... And now they celebrate blaring Neil Diamond Sweet Caroline. WOW... No wonder they usually lose!
I want a Charlotte Bobcat's jersey!
you do a great job Carla!
Text me driving down to the lake
&#9819; Protect your home
Oh yeah I bumped into at Plaza Bonita today.. c:
cameo in next movie fer sure lloyd!
m egg nog. I need to visit you soon. I'll be out there for Christmas but you'll prolly be in Phoenix. :0(
Where are all my atheist at? #AtheismRollCall didn't it use to be #atheistrollcall ? Either way:)
Come out & join us at WalMart & Borders Books on US31 South in Greenwood Sat from 11-2p as we collect donations 4 Operation Christmas Child!
oops... sorry i shouldn't have asked what episode lol? :P can i ask how long was your scene? and i know that they would for sure..
This is a GREAT compliment. Writers dream about causing readers to miss subway stops.
I would say I'm getting to old for this job but that's far from the truth. That ain't the problem...
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Watching Charlie St. Cloud. I just love to torture myself :'(
Actually we're a refrigerated cold brew coffee that's sold in bottles at grocery stores. We got our start at
just gave $1K to GUSailing through HoyasUnlimited. Wanted @ b a part of the success of such talented kids. Ahoy Saxa!
A friend in Denver just recommended a new breakfast spot, Just opened last month in Hillcrest!
Ross so sorry at play station
lol Right !doe
An ADT salesman just knocked on my door with the "shave and a haircut" knock. What a jerk.
yes, especially the penthouses, but its a co-op.
Just had a meeting with Great dude, killer office.
Hope Nintendo can compete with Microsoft, Ubisoft and Sony's great showcases yesterday
I saw u at Barracuda in Portland, Oregon a couple years ago. Do u have any upcoming Oregon shows? Huge fan!
After a week in Utah, Las Vegas, and California, I'm looking forward to going home to my tiny apartment...
If you think marriage is a dying institution in society email . Looking for people and their opinions!
Endless connects and clients I put on for my city no matter where I go I don't forget where I came from
Ridiculously long day starting at 5:00 AM and ending now at 11:55 PM. I don't need sympathy. I need sleep. Next gig at 6:45 AM.
Thanks to all the couponers who brought in food for #Mama'sPantry. We are always in need of nonperishable food donations
that's cute
Seriously just saw a woman sporting a George Washington hairstyle.
Packers are up 6 points, all we need is a FG to put this game away!
Be strong. I know it's hard, but you will get through this.
"Let your mind dance with your body." -My tea bag.
i know, i know. family shmamily..
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!! .... King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
see, if some ppl would keep themselves still on facebook for a minute, they mite learn sumptin' *looks to st lou*
Celebrating a New Year! Best wishes for health and happiness to all the Curtins worldwide!!! Welcome 2012!!!
Just signed up. Looks pretty cool! Thanks for the tip
AAPT - about to get crazy in late May. Can't wait for everyone to find out about Pawtizer updates and more!!!
Can't wait for Roller Derby tonight! Scrapes, scratches, and...smooches?
“: Rylee Get So Hyped When She Hear My Voice .” When She Hear Mines Too lol
chicago where you from
You LATE
Want to climb into the hot tub with us?
Fire extinguisher part 2.
I got you baaaaabbbbe yea I got you baaaabbbbe!
On the plus side I'm well insulated to be out on the street at 4am in just a t-shirt
Treat your girl like a princess
Don’t miss out on the Hillcrest Farmers Market Visiting Chef Series this Sunday where is the special guest chef!...
.He doesnt make Maudey wear the tinkle bell. We celebrate Xmas & Hannukah. Happy Hannukah 2 u & your pretty mom.
dig dat bro!!!
They're called "hashtags," and there ain't no master list! Where's a librarian when you need one?
All those punks at are trying to stop me but they'll never succeed never EVER!!!
GM Adam, thats real kool, ur know I Want You, is one of my favorites... pls have a fantastic day today...
killin it on the 1's and 2's. Top 10 dj's he's 1 and 2 Got them girls stretching like "and 1 and 2"
RCI is now LIfeROOTS, please add our new page LifeROOTS
Mike Pence has some really weird abortion fetish....way to go on the culture wars
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks
I will hunt you dooowwwnn.
Good to see you're alive!
So what did you make instead? Do you have a thermometer in your fridge? Optimum temp is said to be 35-38.
and don't forget to yell MIKE SMITH SUCKS!
Christopher Plummer is a lock for Best Supporting Actor #Oscars... Wish "Beginners" was more about Hal's character!
Reading 'Just Kids' by Patti Smith. Brings back memories of CBGB's and the day I performed there - her energy gave me strength.
I need a good Halloween costume that will capitalize on the fact I'll b 7 months pregnant...
Of course!
Acing exams like its my job
lmao thanks u too:)
welcome to twitter
sela compro and you give me the money that day?
I will book the job, the moment I LET GO of HAVING to book the job. I am grateful to keep getting called in. When I detach, I am magical,
no worries! we've put them to use, a whole lot of beautiful minding has happened on those since they've been here
thanks! I'm strugglin
cant wait to see you at
Interesting day with the #earthquake yesterday, few aftershocks last night. Thankfully nothing like Japan, New Zealand, Pakistan, China
Ah, that's the good Irish wit I've been craving!
ahah I'd et the pie and scrape off the custard!!!!!
Probably right to work. Maybe drug testing welfare recip. and public employees. More privitization.
Today's special put us on the map! Beef Lasagna: Hearty four cheese family recipe!
If tomatoes are classed as a fruit, then doesn't that mean that ketchup is technically a smoothie?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Why don't I look like my parents?
Remember AOL Keywords?
See you on Tuesday at the Moxie Mixer?
Thanks for the #FollowFriday ref!
Think I'm going to stop waiting to finish my studio and get my next project out, what do you guys think? Feel like it's time to get crackin!
just a quick update...I am going into Western Baptist Hospital in Paducah, KY on Feb 4th for surgery.
and grosse pointers, do not forget about grosse pointers
my iPod is brokkkeee.
Big weekend coming up! Thurs. = The Loading Dock in Galveston, Fri. = Rock N Bowl in New Orleans, Sat. = Hotel Sorella in Houston. Woohoo!
: Everywhere! Also: Walker's Point because I'm moving there. Up and down 2nd st. sounds a lovely idea to me...
I was lucky.
THEY ARE RIOTING IN LONDON AND ALL OVER ENGLAND IF THAT SHITHITS HERE HOW WILL YOU REPRESENT!!!!!!!!
Things Weird Between Us Now
Getting tired of trying to hide my wiener from the construction crew working on the apartment.
What happened to zayn? :O
Gone ask me am I mad.. I said No but I know damn well I'm mad
This test bout to be the longest tho
Thank you for coming to and meeting me!!! :)
Papercuts…a tree’s only revenge.
“: I'm super excited about puppy bowl Sunday.”
BUZZCO WOULD LOVE TO HELP YA FILL THIS POSITION! =)
Wednesday's Show at Portside will be rescheduled for a later date!
#storagewars is just so good. :)))
♬ I'm a dog , I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog... ♬ Or at least my cuz thinks so.. And I can't prove her wrong at this point
Shouts out to boy got heat just wait
I didn't start out that way, but it's like potato chips, you can't have just one! :)
Jesus Fucking Christ.
I think the hardest part of my coming out as a lady who likes ladies was how not surprised everyone was
please do! We are long overdue.
Stressed! Not sure how much more I can take...
rocking a new suit today and looking good!
RT : Have a great start to the semester, Marquette students!
You should consider branding #ugh. There monetization possibilities are endless!
I'm yours tonight.
Just played "Without You" and "Cant Keep" on uke at my show! Great experience!
Great point! :)) RT : Ayers, Wright and Obama have had the same ideas for 20 years and it ain't conservative....
It's crazy how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
gokey or hokey?
The Modestly Attired Mark
Dont expect me to beg, not in my character sorry
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need. <3
Imma come back wit this check n quadruple it
what sister In law?
#PrivatePractice, you've made me a basket case! 😭
all this makes me want to do is smash a glass ceiling. still feeling fired up about hillary clinton's interview in elle magazine.
A3: Don't know if this counts but always wanted to be a mind reader....(in a world where people don't always speak their mind)
The #Jaguars just did some Bryan Anger management. Punter helps bail Blaine Gabbert out of all those three-and-outs.
Ramos with MessiLike feet... Ha.
When they have that cute little snore :-)
I would like to thank all our submission readers and editors here at FI. They performed well despite all their other deadlines & demands!
Yea they might talk that shit I'm the only one to get it right
omg you are perfect. i wish EVERY boy was like you.
I was there
#dcmetrosucks single tracking like always
July 24, Happy birthday Miami. Mary Brickell village will be hosting.
Get ready for this weekends games. Who do you have winning? Weekly FREEROLLS! Code TWITTER=35% bonus on 1st deposit!
does she look as she does in muppets?
good thing i kept my lycos email
So yeah, had about enough of this rain. Gah! How is YOUR day going??
And we wonder why American is in such a mess...
RT : Here I go babe...what's good? Just letting people know I fuck with with dimes, babe.....missing u
Right back at you , thanks for the follow! In which city do you shoot?
what u doing Thursday bruh?
When you make a purchase with Franki, you'll receive a $10 credit to your French Pharmacie client account to use at your next appointment!
Participants in Webinars Scheduled This Week Can Learn the Secrets... Anthony Nitz took the lessons he learned during a meeting with Dot
Seriously, somebody needs to make a 50s-era film-noir just to include Stiger's version of "Things Have Changed" during the nightclub scene.
your doing me ;)
Dude, what are you up to these days?
I forgot how big an asshole Bob is ..... and that that is what I love about him.
thanks. You are awesome!!!
If Carlos Slim gave away just 5% of his wealth it would b enough to feed 20 million hungry children for 2.5 yrs
It's President Barack Obama, thank you! There is a title attached to his name.
good idea!
Just taped a broken cigarette together; currently smoking it.
Finna listen to some music
Vikash Chandra...Happy 8th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento Franchisee. We value our partnership!
Yes you'll be able to get The Crepes Are in the Oven as a single - just not yet! Soon - promise!!
YourHRPortal followers advertise for free on HRResourcePortal.Com - limited time offer! Ask how - no committments!
So what is everyone in #Cleveland going to be for Halloween???
Being followed by a strange man in a Camry is not the ideal Wednesday night
The struggle, it's real.
Did I miss the day when Obama dropped Biden and added Hilary Rosen to the ticket? What a non-story
Wow, a margarita on our coaster? For shame! ;)
for how long? Do you have time for dinner?
I LOVE YOU.
Since it is teacher appreciation week, I wanted to let you all know how much I appreciate you. Thanks for being great inspiration.
Fear is a great motivator, nice blog, well done
Awesome! RT jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
You have any flipped teaching going on in BRF? Love the idea, but haven't seen it myself.
haha wtf I was listening to him too 10 min ago
When can I start being excited about Spring Fling?
hey RA guy. I'm in bed with hurting bad with complications from RA.((((soft internet hugs)))))
I love this song!!
Uh...you know who you are
Bodyguard Nation’s nationwide database of Security Jobs can be the perfect opportunity for you
Ah, just saw that. Hrmmm... Congrats on the DOOM collection btw!
Death by cookies...
I slept from 5PM to 6AM. I want to hate everything right now.
All right - my yoga music needs restocking! Any favorite yoga tunes?
“: i wanna Baller.. Shot caller” smh Fran
“: been home for 10 minutes and already want to be back at lasell #sundayhurryup” COME BACK NOW I hate life
The bags are juiced for Montero.
Well my phone's gonna be off tmmrw cause my mama doesnt wanna take me to pay it! Ugh.!
maybe that's where I got confused..
Was wondering why I felt so anxious...then realized I just finished an entire grande chai tea...whew.
DM We're preparing a national PR & marketing campaign for the most cost effective digital learning solution.How can you help?
u mean feeling blessed and so appreciative 4 every beautiful day? Definitely :)
did you have mcas today?
You have all the answers!
having an awesome worship "let ur haters be ur elevators" -Dr. Lee P. Washington
Stay tuned for letsGolocalNYC official launch party, because you are all invited
Why Come Nick Is Trying To Straighting His Hair && The Fucking Iron Thing Is Smoking Like A Mother Fucker ! Lol He Stupid .
Wish I was at for some delicious baked goods.
I was up all night thinking about this. We should discuss and write more about this topic.
you're always invited anywhere I go! I'm with the momma for my brothers graduation from grad school.
it's twitter. Comedians joke about death all the time. It's how the human race copes. It's very sad to me but laughs are needed
So just followed me.. This is pretty cool! :)
that's exactly right. my two kids are younger but even with teens so much arranging you have to do
When your tweets are taken as subtweets <
God has a plan for me :)
GOOD MORNIN WORLD
go check Netflix's new releases
Please take this #pinterest survey! Thanks!
Tobias Fünke would like to talk to you about that . . .
aw yay :D of course haha x
Yeah I didn't think so
we're clearance shopping bitch.
Of course!
