"I can't wait until we're rappers" - Maxwell Riesberg
When have you felt the most safe in God’s hands?
When is it?
I do, and that's a reason for choosing Much Ado About Nothing, even the title says escapism. We'll see if others agree.
Add "Action" to that and you have a winning combination.
glad u liked, we hate mixtape spam also
On Twitter, You can't see how much More comfortable it is! But believe me! IT IS! Lol
I need more followers u follow me I will follow uu
They're just training you to use the Mac App Store to buy apps (enter credit card, make a purchase).
GoodNight EveryOne :P z
Adventures with Arissa after Saturday school(: yea
OMG ON Q100!!
How about you? :)
rookie of the year the over all rating 89
I hate dumbass people I really do. All I know is this bitch better run me and my mom our fuckin money asap or there will be problems.
Hit us up for features!
I miss you everyday idk about
Just a couple of honks to remind us where you are calling in from. I thought it was charming! you did a great job!
maybe I could cook for you sometime :-)
o yeh I liked that too
Happy Birthday!
Oh, Torrance, I can't stand your cheerleading squad,but i love your pom poms,I'd feed you bon-bons all night.
What a day to be alive. What a day to realize I'm not dead.
im going to watch videos of my boyfriend, austin mahone on yt.. ;)
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Happy 4th of July all!
hii my friend I think
1 out of 4 children has an undetected vision problem that may impede learning! make sure your child gets their annual eye exam!
work sucks
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad sex is not the same as disappointing sex on
Harden got the choppa in the beard tho
Do all-boys schools have girls bathrooms?
Had a dream that bombs were going off while I was working at the EYC... Everything was blown to smithereens. Everything BUT the EYC.
.. That's what happened in my school too!
Had a good dinner with Jessie's mom and talking about #Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma! I am expecting something powerful! Get ready!
Nights like this I want to drive a-wa-ay!
Just woke up, had some very weird dreams.
5 minutes left!
Hi Lance, we love your site- have stories about lawyers trying to save money!!
Well Dontari Poe get ready to get your ass kicked by Peyton Manning! Welcome to the NFL kid!
yikes. Hope you get outta there soon and all the way healthy ASAP
Whos Ross Morgan????
I've always suspected it, but thanks to that WaPo story, it's official. Mitt Romney really IS Niedermeyer from Animal House.
Uh, Toros...hello???
The super fun music being pumped in by - all you've been wanting to hear. All night long.
So great to see everyone tonight! I think a holiday get-together is definitely due!
I'm just kidding :)
You read my mind! Boycott GoDaddy -- only Internet company that doesn't get the perils of SOPA.
I haven't noticed any graffiti... Where did you see it?
Saw the casting specs for ur new vid. Congrats! Too bad I'm not exactly the Puerto Rican stud that you seek. Maybe next time ;)
thanks for the shoutout!!! Hope to see you all there
you looked so pretty today!
Should say is just for the girls ATM, menfolk neglected unless you are into wearing kitten heels and have a #birkin fetish!
I'm so tired!
I'm one of the working for #Detroit City Love!
Thank you!! :0
thanks for sharing! lovin' it already!!
#WordPress #Tools Comment Twitter SMS Notification – Notifies you of new comments via SMS through Twitter.
Tel Aviv is full of Ficus and Lantana, Date Palms and Bird of Paradise. Pictures coming soon!
Lavoy Allen vs Greg Stiemsma...NBA...fantastic
To my mother, you are the best, you are my hero, you are my strength...I love you so much. Happy mothers day
i wanna see EVERYBODY
This, so much. RT ugly, grimy, scrappy, and anyone's game - which means it is OUR game
#Knicks for Christmas. thanks Santa for bringing the NBA back. Clearly I was on the #nicelist this year
so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small.
Hey!! I am just reactivating this account!!! Promise to keep posting more often!!!
AGREED! Great tour.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
yup yup! Hahaha it was awesome! :P
Sad now :(
What are you doing on Thanksgiving day?
Wondering what smells worse... Cigarette smoke, or the cheep perfume I spray
Didn't realize that they were making The Perks of Being a Wallflower into a movie. Not certain how I feel about that...
That proud moment when you show someone a picture of Austin or Justin and say "That's my idol" , then tell them all their achievements <3
I'm coming up on 10,000 tweets & I know I'm about to miss it. I'm dedicating it to the cookies from Penn Station in advance. s/o to those.
Rose Bowl bound for the Badgers!! Woohoo
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
And now, the Denver Te-boys Choir with their rendition of "Silent Night"
The money that I'm makin I don't see it like I'm blind...
The #1 cause for antibiotic prescriptions in the US is ear infections.
why!?! You're amazing!!!!! Never give up!!!
your funny
GOOD AFTERNOON all of
It was a stone solid groove We should do it more often. Enjoy J and 's baby opossum stew!
Dont miss team moto tonight at 9pm on top chef! Lets go , and the team!
Crap. Scottish night in our hotel.
All black maybachs out
i just picked up a pair of prescription sunglasses and got a pair that turn dark outside.
I love running into ! It always #makesmyday better.
Wow, what an AMAZING night. So many great volunteers, so much positive energy, and so many new hot pink shirts. FestiBus 2011 for the win!
Math will be the death of me.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they always worked for me. - The 5 Point
Good! I'll look for you!
"Listening to my songs is like reading my diary." - Taylor Swift | Taylor Is Our Song
haha just part of you? I'll take it.
may see a bit of that tonight
i can't wait to sleep tonight 💤💤💤
yeah...what a joke! He's to lazy to be able to stay up with some of those guys!
Wow I can't believe I didn't post something on here this morning :O
Ok. Now, which were the three WORST Super Bowl ads?
Have you decided yet? Are you going to make her call you "Mommy Dearest"
RT : Not crazy. Theater-style lighting for Lakers RT Am I crazy or is the Staples Center lighting different for Lakers/Clips?
Last volleyball game tomorrow . We better go undefeated ! Let's go GHB !
Only going to make it to 6000 today, but they were all on the novel. About the same amount I put into it yesterday.
bubble guts!!!
If I never see a desert again, it'll be too soon.
I appreciate stations that provide silverware & cooking areas for staff (Ovens and stoves are a huge plus too!)
Water in an aquaponics system can be reused indefinitely & only needs to be replaced when it is lost through transpiration & evaporation.
Very yum!
Reseaching the market of research today...
So I did Turbo Fire HIIT 15 yesterday...and it was kind almost easy... So, either I dogged it (but I don't think I did...!) or my...
What the heak is a platonic question??
Left MySpace for Facebook, and now left Facebook for Twitter :) ~ <3
Just finished my first Found Painting/Found Sound/video collaboration project with Plex, and wow, it's amazing!! :D
Headed to McAllen !! See u in a few hours!!
See Our Great Reviews!!!!
your hallucinogenic icon inspires me
Tweet that tweetybird
I ( ) am now carrying on the great SportingKCRT legacy began by I will be retweeting all things
I'd still be up for a call if you guys want to jump on later.
thanks for the rec. I'm dying to go to BsAs! Just trying to decide if we want to pony up the money for the flight.
Maybe this isn't the best time to bring this up, but my idea of hell is being stuck in a room where "Brass Monkey" is being played on repeat
Did you know there's a Cash Cab Chicago now? What do you think of the host? I think she tries too hard to be Ben Bailey. --Kerri
Scary to venture out sometimes when the weather's like this... but we have all kinds of warm-up foods that will make the journey...
great question! The spring Job and Internship Fair will take place March 28 from 1-4pm in Bender Arena
#FF Right back at ya, Let's catch up soon.
thanks for the share
Still got a bottle of Makers w/your name on it!
Thank U So Much 4 Being Our Commander N Chief and Helping So many Millions of People. Always holdin U n Prayer! Congrats2U&Urs
did u get it
Only 1 electric car charge station in half moon bay! Thx Ritz carleton but can't afford ur breakfast :( Want something on Main street
Just read 'em! Nice!
You have to out and see if she says anything..
I use your recommendations in your book all the time and win with hard to deal customer service agents.
Some heavier bands of snow may drop down & give those areas 3-5 inches of snow by morning- reducing visibility & making roads slick.
wasn't talking to you, quit smoking so much and you wont be so paranoid
Thank you!
I wonder how many times someone was about to talk to me but decided against it because they felt awkward...I do it all the time.
same! Warped was when I fisrt saw them! It was childhood dreams come true! I wanted to go to Canada when they were with ATL
im gonna be cocky for a moment. i have one of the best twitter names. >>> fux wit me
what's darker 5% or 20%
got dirt on local pdx celebs you want investigated or exposed? i'm your chick! email me
Is under utilizing LinkedIn. In some cases I feel like I am not working hard enough when I am socializing online. Sorry, but this is an att…
Christopher in trouble
What TF is really goin on here... The
slowly realizing I read way too many blogs. It's a sickness
Come on #BBN I need some happy birthday tweets
just need some cooling off in my tent. Like 90 degrees up in here in the afternoon. Can't sleep in that...
listening to Trivium for the first time since I saw them back in march. they're really fucking good.
you basically go to bed hoping it won't happen, then it happens and you pray someone will hear you scream and wake you up so you can breathe
Having the pleasure of watching Jonny Lang sing a brand new song "I Don't Want To Know The Truth"! Gorgeous!
Respect & value other human beings. Many people that I know (and myself), get a sickening feeling when we hear people speak of 'miracles'.
holy smoking cattle it sho is hot out there in the pasture! now come cool you hoofs at the cow! Giddy Up!
HI LADY!!!
Rt : Me: "Dawg I gotta show you the #slightwork progress!" *pulls out recent photo of abs* Big Sis: "That's day one?" #damn"
hate being alone#Temporary though
Twitter turns 6 today - I joined on March 6, 2008 (more than 4 years ago) when did you join?
Organizing admittance into some gifting suites for Oscar Week. Thankfully, they know & love her! Go #BlackSwan!
thanks for the Beach House listening idea on #spotify. Good stuff for a monday morning.
Rachel is in Chicago and nobody told me! Rachel, I'd love to buy you a beer while you're here.
hey Im an artist livin in la for the last 10 years...I gotta say I like your honesty and carefree personality!
for sure brother!!
I love those immature moments, where all you do is laugh and be stupid...
umm and who in world are u calling girl u ain't my mother retard
OMG we lost another legend, a disco legend, Donna Summer :( wtf
it's great to see you on Twitter! :)
how much for a feature?? I'm in vegas so I'll pay u upfront
RT On this date, Meet the Press moderator and ultimate #Buffalo Ambassador, Tim Russert was born.
Spring Break Needs To Hurry Up...
Ha take them back, i never sold them so ill throw them n the mail..
Movies aren't lying...visitor chairs at the hospital suck! Tomorrow I'm bringing a portable stadium seat.
I'm all panicky hoping for 49ers so I don't deal with stages of grief from
Emmys are on tonight :)
Really enjoyed last night's meetup. Great people and great conversation. Looking forward to the next event.
is it just me or is this kinda awwkk?
Now that I'm a year older (and wiser), I've decided I no longer need validation and affirmation as a person. Who's with me?
A sense of humor makes a girl beautiful.
i mean is there an invite/event website/press release? all i have is kate's email
What a great blog...really liked your "How Not to Get Promoted " blog. Sounds like you are a wonderful success!
I LOVE Siwon Oppa! I claimed him a few days ago. *kekeee~*
where do you listen to it ? :( cant find it :( .
I was ready for American Idol and all I got was President Obama. Why not take the place of some other show?
Ahaha! Shut up, Mike! But yes, by halftime we started to do a number of activities.
cool picture on ur page there.....u goin to the concert?
Handicapping tips coming up from our !
hang tough.. one day there will be no more school. :)
ok. why do you love me? how do you know me from?
Great Methods For Choosing The Right Website Design Computer ...
Paul "The Truth" Pierce has one of the best step back jumpers in the game.
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
Wow! You are really pretty💜 &You have an amazing voice!
Just found out that supposedly the song "Wow, I can get sexual too" was written about a girl in Dujarie.
nun kid hangin' n bangin' sup witchu? how u been sonzio.... lets kick it soon, u no. like the old days
I love it mostly because I first saw it on SYTYCD.
LOVE THIS! I watched DJs posed this last week. Such a blessing to my spirit. Peace family
Did you know that by 2017, there will be more people 65 and older than there will be kids younger than age five.
Let Doris talk more!
what it do plair?
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
If you want a DM to Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio & Justin Bieber, then follow & tweet me 'DM' when you did!
LOL. And so it begins .... Tarot Nova deck, huh? Will check it out.
Thanks JP! RT So far I've been attracted by diaspora, hypothes.is and terry kath. I fully expect hypothes.is to be funded
Early Birds for The EC4 -& we know there will be several landing ahead of the 5:30pm start because of Spring Fever- will get a special treat
What? I don't even have a personal account that tweets. This is just to troll and follow to keep up on news.
just released new version - supports Firefox 3 and IE 7 or lower! The internet seems to be passing this cloud company by.
I kinda wish I was going to drake now.
Was that a compliment despite the fact I just "hacked" your account? Nicest guy ever?!?!
Watching the Luck of The Irish!!
Season 7 airs tonight!
1st game and can't wait! No ABQ hats yet so we'll be the only couple there with TB Rays hats on;) Come say hello!
i voted at least 30 times! i should get a follow back :)
too bad it's not in LA!
Watching the end of the Brewers game at Potawatomi. Crappy, the game is now tied.
That one drives me crazy too!
Im so glad I dont share a room cause right now Im just rockin the fuck out to Reptilia at 4 in the morning. Who needs sleep? :)
But maybe he will..
Thanks for following
There really should be a Chinchile day
If you act like a rock star, no one can tell the difference :)
So that was an interesting experience.
You go, then I'll go
Genre TV's ode to teen alcoholism
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
@ today's workshop, Lauren highlighted recent Syracuse grantees & #warof1812 www.nyhumanities.org/grants
Hello to you!
come penes .l.
LOVE YOU
love the avi
I pay bills, therefore I exist
There's something about FONUTS that makes me wanna be a fat kid!!! This shit is incredible!!!
Today in 2003, Martha Reeves performs "Heat Wave" with fellow inductee Bruce Springsteen at Detroit's Comercia Park.
"The Defenseless Defenders"
Praying Jeremiah don't kill me on the way to this delivery. Bitch drive crazy-ah than I do!!!
your website isnt working=/
Im across from for our company indecency training. Seems ironic...
RT : #FF RT : Girls who say "I hate drama" can usually be found drunk and crying on a public toilet.
Shabbat Shalom, Amy.....Rest in peace, tortured, beautiful soul...
Great! Is there somewhere I can drop them off for you Friday or should I send them home w Jacob or Karah? Excited to see you!
That's my biggest problem, that school has been almost completely divorced from learning. Now it's just certification
Solo date - an embarrassment of riches. Loved Steiglitz's photo collection and new American Wing.
love the pic!
oh, hey there, twitter. it's been a while.
good morning to u too, do have a good ond.... Your talking about your X?
Sandy Cross plays at the Palm Beach par 3 which is a short 2700 yard course
nope everyone is laime!!!! I know where Belgium is I'm a history teacher lol
fabulous. I will see you all in a few hours
See me as music and the things I say I only talk the truth
nope, but I don't like suspecting everything
if he cared about lgbt rights we would have them. Wake up. Obama only uses lgbt rights as a tool when needed.
and as midnight strikes, again i find myself just STARTING my work lol
Stupid ass !
Acting class tonight
Happiest of Holidays to everyone! Hope you had a wonderful day!
I get to see my husband tomorrow.
Just posted a big Minerva update! Final ticket prices, free ticket contest, and stage lineups w/ set times. www.minervamusicfest.com
Every once in a while, Glen Campbell's "Wichita Lineman" comes out of left field and sweeps your legs completely out from underneath you.
If you want a google + invite please leave your email
i wish more guys were like that, the world would be a much better place.
follow back?
16 Championships? Is this counting YMCA league as well?
EL VIDEO QUE NO QUIEREN QUE MIREMOS !!!
RT : I hate being bi polar. Its awesome.
In spite of doing laundry approximately as often as Penny on BBT, I seem to have too few socks and undergarments. More shopping is in order.
ok, whatever
Final is Friday May 11th. Paper is due the 24th or 25th...as in next week.
it's a 1-0 game dude
Last I knew, those had been taken on by Ally & dispersed to auction. From there, who knows?
so why are you tweeting???
You owe me 3$ for this used 2012 dvd.
My pleasure! Saw you speaking during the event the other evening. Looked like a great event!
So reading plus put their history on ther website and it's show the creators yea not so smart... Because now we know who to kill C:
Anybody want to pick up a shift for some assbaby who has to go to prom tomorrow? Not trying to close alone. *yells at no one*
“: congrats, very cool!”>>>>>Thanks my friend! Hope you have a wonderful week. Hugs! Q.
I'm sure that is it. I said we were unhappy with ATT and went over why and he spent ten minutes refuting. Ugh
check out my upcoming master classes in Cordoba Spain Festival 7 - 10 July, 2012 not on their website yet but coming soon!
enlightening you to how deep of a person I am by hanging on the wall decorative surfaces that came out of nowhere for no reason
on the last DLF Aquifer Metadata Working group conference call.... all thanking each other and wishing we could share a beer....
Reasons for switching to Google+ from Facebook. 1. Your parents aren't there. End of list.
Inspired by #ASTD2012, I'm collecting &sharing LearningTransfer best practices. Plz tweet your suggestions using hashtag
Mind Control
yeah im okay no worries :) thank you tho
What it do homie
RT Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse. - Chinese Proverb
yea thats it haha i just didnt like it, i missed canisius
. "It"just posted 4 more tweets. Want to 'chime in' anything about that? #Opwatch #NYPD Spam
Tomorrow it's on! the night club 2 party @ is open only
In session on Good Stories Hidden in the Archives
Thanks 4 follow :) We work w/TC & NYC locations on their social media advocacy + great connecting w/Roch Area too via Twitter
Braves with 3 runs in top of 9th to take 2 run lead. Still batting with 2 men on.
yes! it looks like they're flying underwater. i've always loved watching something swim thru the school of fish.
Congrats!! One step after another!
Thanks, Chris. Looking forward to seeing you guys soon.
Why's it take forever to do homework, but time goes by so fast when you're on the Internet? Shoot, man.
I can't believe it.
Player images are back on websites!!! Yay! I know is happy.
Sunday's bad weather did what the Red Sox couldn't do all weekend: stop the New York Yankees...
That moment in life where your body is completely numb and you don't feel like moving. <3
They put mics on you during a sleep study? Can I get a shout out?
#MyWorstFear is not being succesful and failing at something im working so hard to accomplish
When I hear new sound it's more refreshing then any snapple on the market!!!!
hey seen i need to talk to you about something important please reply to me
Thanks for the RT and awesome blog post Jen! :)
Kinda bored with the internet.
Getting Married? View my website to view my sample pictures at www.myspace.com/constantephoto Hope to hear from you soon
life is hard wen u doin shit by urself yea a lil help but hey gotta do it.
I have started a habit of saving to comp, desktop, jump drive and THEN email to myself and hubs work completed. Write on girl!
i hate when ppl say that this country was built on Christian principles. Actually it was built on religious freedom.
good idea!
12:00 am wow more time to live with.
Who Is Ashton Kutcher ’s New Gal, Lorene Scafaria? (PHOTOS) The world is buzzing about Ashton Kutcher ‘s new gal pal, screenwriter Lo
I hear I'm missing a mothaeffing incredible weekend of . Good for you: You haven't missed it. We're extending. So there.
"Walk In Our Shoes" program allows others to experience the nursing profession by shadowing a University Hospital Nurse for the day!
Apparently dancing the cabbage patch, lawn sprinkler, mower makes your kids think your crazy. Like I was the one eating dirt this weekend :)
How have I not heard Say Something by ?! I need too !
This is becoming my favorite sports story of 2012 RT : Rizzo on Hamels: "It was a gutless chicken shit fucking act." So great.
A trophy from the Shogun of making it rain Whether it's churchs, libraries or bingo halls he's done it, thank you sir
--> MT : I've know a long time. I'm saddened he would embarrass himself like today with his comment about Obama.
how's here Gumball? have yet to try that one.
I knew it... im not listening to yo favorite bitch no more lmao
Had an exasperating day today. Had a patron scream at me at the circ desk because she claims she returned 6 items and we don't have any.
Just be real & do your own thaaang.
not yet we're stuck out on a detour about an hour left to go
I feel so old talking to college kids
We'd love to have you anytime!
#KatyandRussell are getting a divorce!? Oh well, she could do so much better than him. He's disgusting lolol
Rip Donna Summer 🙏🙌👼
The fans are going to be murderous in Pittsburgh/Denver tonight if this keeps up. As a Packer fan in Pittsburgh, I think I'll stay home.
OK me go away now. So sorry. Love you long time. -Out, W.
“One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.” Michael J. Fox
It's so hard to dress spring trendy with this hot ass weather.
And as expected just killed it on our show...Totally reasoned on all sides of Bo's failures, the rule itself, and the media
Poor you, poor you. Stop whining before I find a moose to headbutt you. I hope is up for it. XD
Three days from the Sun trine Mars direct. Then we are off! :)
thank you for noticing!
YES B's for everyone!!!!
Our consulting centers on collaboration,strategies,delivering the expertise you need to achieve concrete, measurable business results
Just doing the do, tonight is Yolanda with HM Managements birthday at Plan B on Broadway
we're not Chiropractors we are manufacturer. sombraUSA.com
It's poppin' at the Hudson River Café right now. Get off at 125th (west side hwy). 133rd & 12th Ave. Say Linx a the door for reduced adm ...
Lol RT : Please let the packers win! I don't need my boss ---> in a shitty mood for the rest of 2011! Thanks :-)
Goodnight. Hope tomorrow is a better day.
"I just wanna be alone with you here."
Got addicted to selling drugs, marijuana and coke....mama, she washed her hands, and let me go
Starbucks and inglorious bastards #hellyes!
Quotes from Jackson's "The Letters of Sicilius" (1795)
if anyone has an old 3gs or something they won't miss, let me know. i'd love to take it off your hands. at&t.
New Exclusive Instrumental Available Send Music To lezalemusic
I'm hoping you're home by now :( please dont hate me lol
"Enjoy 4 rich, melt-in-your-mouth pieces for a modest POINTS value of 2." Lisa Thomas, Senior Copywriter
ROTFL at those BI comments!
It's my opinion that every actor should see all the Oscar contenders. If, for no other reason, than cocktail party chat.
Why are they called unisex bathrooms shouldn't they be called bisex bathrooms? 👫🚽
“: The day is never promised. It is only what you make of it.”
Isn't that picture great! Makes me want to read all the books nominated for the Booker Prize!
We’re proud to be an Official Sponsor of the Annual Earth Day Charles River Cleanup. 3,000+ volunteers will pick up trash along the river.
OMG! SKIN&BONES IS PLAYIN IN KOHLS!
This is worth about a million bucks....already thinking about several items! What do you think about the cart?
Congrats! I just had one today to!!!!! :D
I didn't look beforehand last year (my 1st meeting) and was completely overwhelmed!
Not quite sure what to make of this, other than, I suppose...
Trivia tonight at 9pm! Come get your smart on with quiz masterblaster Dustin
BIG DAY! BIG DAY! Were giving Free Edibles away Today, 3 patients California Residency The 3 next messages I get, you win!! 3 lucky winners!
what's the deal w the Shaq Party???
We are at $11,690! But DECA students are idle and we need the phones to ring. Please call now!
and you didn't tell me!?
You can't be what U wish to be,Why are U angry when others are not what U wish them to be?
can't i please just find a nigga who aint w/no drama ...
Vitamin E could damage bone tissue, study suggests
beautiful night in Las Vegas
Never had port of subs. I just hate how JJ's has all their meat pushed to a side..then lettuce. I do love JJ's too but yeah
Wow. Very relevant guest. Who's booked next week? Joe Nedney? Gary Hogeboom?
Just spent the last hour creating my first real infographic on Tx school funding I'll share it with you as soon as it's proofed, etc.
It's really important that as legislators, we don't just recognize what we do, but also the movements we can create.
Hold up... You with the limp cock pic, you're trolling? On AdultFriendFinder? There are no words for your level of fail.
It's been a great day, I just hope it doesn't end with me getting drafted by the Browns somehow.
in Orlando. It is Buffalo Wild Wings. Always right at a 100 Cat Fans.
its about freaking time the students show up to a game
Females need love.Not love as in compliments. I mean the unconditional love when others dont matter Reply Retweet Favorite
On a quest to convert my backyard into a multi cultural bird hostel. The blue jays, doves, sparrows, & cardinals need some diverse friends
Today has pool day written all over it. If the sun would only come out!
very. Apparently the scientist whispered to Rick "were all the walking dead". And I know who dies next!!
I HATE Chelsea LOL they're too overrated. Arsenal Gunners forever <3
RT : How come I can't get reception in my house, yet a terrorist can upload a video from a cave in Afghanistan?
Looking young does have it's downsides. I get carded every time I order something not on the kids menu.
Business in the front party in the back maybe I was wrong was my outfit really wack?
Keeping them? =)
If hes straight then why do I catch his eyes lingering on me longer than they should? Why did he say thay if he was still bi he'd date me?
Happy new year from the ladies of BHBP! Start off 2012 fresh with a new piercing!
Im BalliNG Bitch !!!
I hope it rains tomorrow  
Sadly I'm not gonna let anyone know the title until its promoted. But don't worry. Those other titles will still be coming up :)
you are my best #drawsomething Friend!! hahaah We're pretty awesome!
; who's getting them right !?
guys this is my twin bro! New to this! Give him a follow! Much love<3
RT As long as you're happy i'm happy
Love is measured by your level of sacrifice, not your level of enjoyment. -Tony Evans
Latin, Jazzy and VERY get-your-ass-moving house...
Political pundits clueless. To win, Obama must reach out to FoxNews fans & get them to understand the real facts & figures on the economy
Which obstacle will stop you from investing in real estate? a. No Money b. Bad Credit c. Limited Income d. Fear Post your answer
I'll see if I can make it out there. Sounds like something I'd dig.
Happy First Day of Fall #Milwaukee & #WestAllis , its looking to be a Beautiful Day!!!
That akward moment when 'ومعلمينكم' adds you on Facebook.
Oh the beach at night is so nice.
Me in a public bathroom *takes picture* me in the movie theater *takes picture* me at the beach *takes picture*
I can't tell you how many times I've clicked on links with title "Good, Bad & the Ugly" only to find out it has nothing to do with westerns
RT : "Anyone who angers you, conquers you." Sister Kenny // Brilliant!!! and from one of the bravest children's activist of the day!
no you talk to me lol
you're very Welcome. We are proud of you!
In transit to #PopTech2011 Looks like stellar start. Tag worth watching.
Lol. Well the reason why Nasa is going the way it is now is cuz of bush era policies which pretty much cut all their funds
your #FF prefaces = the best. I am left equal parts confused + flattered
I miss ya too..what u been up 2!? RT : I miss my teeta bug
#ColumbiaCity makes the cover of #SeattleMagazine as one of the 11 best #Seattle neighborhoods. Yay for our wonderful burb!
Still tryna wake up it's super early, but the grind don't stop! G'morning
My process. When I am looking to slove a ineffective mental behavior. I go very negitive, then I solve it, and never deal with it again.
I've been waiting all day for you to call me baby!
Because they're raw! I'm washing the shirts and wearing one tomorrow!
Seconded. RT : is on a roll right now with his stream o' #whatif #ows provocations.
follow back ?<3
No lie.
King's X closed their tour with a bang! Now watching the roadies set up for Accept!
Hello to YOU. Thanks for the follow.
Same here. Will you RT me?
Going home today. Spring break is nearly over guys :(
my first marathon was the paavo nurmi in hurley, wi -- a race that's as beautiful as it is hard.
The supersonics would be proud
Via grustle: grind & hustle A spec sh out to #Grizzlies getyour #grustle on It's not over!
Freaking amazing, can't wait to see a documentary on the trip, Cameron really walks the walk!! When is he going to the moon??
you little slut 😘
Damn it's hard having a vagina.
Fast five is seriously my favorite movie
You can often guess a man's programming language of choice based only on his facial hair.
any bad habits we should know about?
What would you do if your boyfriend's ex still had sexy pictures of him on her facebook? 222-9800
Who's Blogging What: 2010 Facebook Page Marketing Guide
Ice cream :)
Ridiculous that they appealed...criminals
RT : I can't wait to have vocal lessons with the amazing :) yay!!!!!!
Went and saw Brokeback Mountain. Pedicures are really good.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day! Share with us why and how you support the arts!
What are your thoughts on the #FacebookIPO? Will it further the reach of #SocialMedia?
ITS HOT
Had a great delt training session with friend and Sheru Classic Team member Neil Hill. a learning experience ever session
funniest comedian out there. Been sayin it for years, glad you're getting your due.
Its time for me to head on over to desert breeze park.
This is my tweet about the AP test this morning.
I hate follow limits!
so I kind of just dyed it again and its really dark brown lol
Also applies to those of us from Pittsburgh. Everyone also hates Pittsburgh. Whatev. We win stuff.
Don't sheep... It's not about a tittie cover of a mag or marriage. Bahhhhh....z.
If I could text right now, it probably would read "Sprint Sucks"! But they still have the best plans!
TOWIE and a cuppa perfect relaxing sunday night! Cannot wait for an exciting busy week!
Our office will close for Thanksgiving from 3 PM on Wednesday through all day Thursday. We will re-open on Friday. Happy Turkey Day!
TGIF! Happy Friday the 13th! Stop by the office and get a free scary movie.
Facebook Friends! We will be removing our friend account at the end of May! Please like us on our page to stay in touch!...
Special Pioneer welcome to -
Awesome best actor The Artist
Your the BEST! Your a star that will always shine bright inside & out! God Bless you, Much LOVE! xoxo
There's nothing like the sound of new strings!
would be nice
The first heartbreak is the hardest.. Until i find another guy to make up for it :)
Sadly, it overlaps I gotta be there.
Joe Just Said I Should Be His Girl. Lol, *Jamila Gets Weak Inside*. Too Bad Huh?
tell him to quit screwing the other team
I'm fucking over it!!!!!!
"you dont need a boyfriend to make you happy"- best advice ive heard in a VERY long time
Mind the Gap! James Greathead is our beard of the day! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Love the early Ride EPs, too. Love.
Singing is so much harder on a Sunday morning when one loses that extra hour! Happy the evenings will be lighter now though :)
it's awesome
Congress being assaulted w/bags of money from lobbyists. Hard to remember voters & oath of office when sitting on pile of cash.
Thanks Kevin Jefferson and The HDM Group, LLC for designing my new website. You guys are the best. Need a website? Check them out.
and me are going to rob a bank;)
Drawings to HTML? hm :)
George Washington, mainly because I want/need to rock a powdered wig!
follow me back :)
Thanks for the Retweet!
You can't change the past. But you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
Looking to get some 'professional' promo pics this weekend. Will post new sexiness soon.
Let's do this beat them #LakerBitches !!!!!
Well, well, well ... 3 of my favorite people on this earth. Where do I begin?
Just checked out of wright quad!!
Enjoy 22% Off EVERYTHING For Earth Day! Use Code: ZAZZLESALE22 Ends Tomorrow!
Haha, totally! Except I've slacked all day so I actually need to get some reading done tonight.
Went to SONIC with Nothing like HappyHour for alittle bro-sis bonding
If I hear one more person say funner tonight I might break something.
Finally goin to school with a fresh cut...
this battle will be fun :)
Will the #ward5se candidate forum be held tonight?
hi! Thanks for reaching out. I was at the event too. Yep you can find our apps at a2binteractive.com More in development too!
Abandoning the food fest in favor of more immediate foodstuffs (eg, ramen)
I'm learning Krav Maga next year to get ready for NOLA. lol
I've meet my ninja stalker once he was a nice guy
This day is really up there on the list of days that should just not be happening
"The role of protector is fundamental to the success of all other roles a teacher must take on in this career." -Mary Kim Schreck
Don Tate & Greg Neri discuss how to motivate minority males to read this afternoon @ #TXLA12, 2-3:50 PM. Someone pls. tweet this panel!
well bitch fuck you too and have a wonderful life. 😂😂
I think I am just happy that NY will be in a good mood when I visit this week.
unblock me you landshark
Thank you to for recognizing #28 on the #ic100!
At work again 363 days till marriage last chance ladies J/K. Way to happy with my boo. Hopefully time flies at work today
thanks for the follow & luv homie
Mark it on your calendar: Feb 8. I'm hosting an Arctic-themed global meal at the UW Greenhouse. Caribou stew and Trifle for sure!
Your boyfriend spend his money on me
what a beautiful day!
hey why did u block my personal
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think
of course i'm allergic to corn and can't enjoy tito's this weekend. AW SHUCKS
": RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS (( FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ))" I feel ya
Another great day is in the books :)
A woman must be a real man, not a rag, rag mops must be with.
I hope there were deviled eggs.
yea I'm going to have to invest in a band...I need more goodies for these home work-outs
Denny's straight beez in my trap
Hey baby girl! You stoppin by PDX anytime soon or do I have to wait till August to see you? jw
Watch NBC6 for details and your escape route
Got to ask yourself the question, Where are you now? #JamesBlunt <3
Love catching up with you and hearing about your adventures in the Clara.
At the Field, visitor studies 4 the Egypt exhibit redesign resulted in a great list of stories the curator really wanted to tell.
cool!!! Cali is the spot!!
Beautiful day here in Genesee Country. Perfect for an evening fire, cold Cream Ale and good company.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
I just died! Lmfaoooo RT : She still an only on camera hoe. Lmao.
its the downside of twitter and blogging, in my opinion. more stream of consciousness than informative.
Hey the weekend is coming...get out of the pile!!!!! LOL
: / I think your first place from school.. : / i Think..
starting to worry that nova might be the odd man out, especially once pettite is ready. Thoughts?
only thing I do find wierd and getting used to in DW7 is that story mode assigns you characters rather than you picking them.
I think is creeping on his mentions?(: I lovee you(: <3
We just posted a 7 minute video that could keep you occupied for a bit. :) Have a lovely day!
Did u just ask "who's my daddy?"
There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af
": Don’t expect someone to stay sweet forever because even the sweetest chocolate has an expiration date."
sounds extra-carb-y.
great to connect with you and L tonight. Cheers for the insightful mixtapological musings!
May 2011 be an upgrade for everyone. It's all I'm sayin'.
Damn will never dm me
That's a wrap!! Thanks so much to our fabulous cast and crew. Keep following us for more behind the scenes updates!
Food all prepped for the week, now time for our team call. Love being a part of something big!
I don't even know what to study right now..
CASINOS IN MIAMI? You've heard the promises. You've heard the fears. NEW MIAMI FORUM will tell REST OF THE STORY Message for info
definitely seen that recently, but was on the go. Nice pic!
Tech for 3 stacks
I hate school
I'd like to see more rapid prototyping in pub industry.Why no author/sales coops? Groupon seems like a sales model. Your opinion?
Better luck next time. The wall map is pretty sick tho. Might have to be back for it
I could see niall and the potatoes. Lol :-)
what time does dat come on?
sure but i dont no how to make it if you wanna you cant use my #imagines =]
I already got my workout in today sister! But I might can handle one of your 5 minute workouts :) haha!
Just setting up my account! Good Times they are a comin'!
Happy Birthday ! You don't look a day over ageless.
🎶🎤 started when we were younger you were my - my bo 🎤 that used to be my shiiiiit .....
love you holly ❤
do you want just the business fact errors or the wacky political messaging issues? Bushel of both in there...
I'm ready!
I have no idea! How long ago was that?
Hashtag #shorelinedreezy in your tweets and we'll RT our favorites! Let me hear you twitter friends!!
Come and relas by the fire place! Mention the tweet and get 15%. Enjoy!
Lively! Especially today, with new Tinderbox Way edition just out and a new Tinderbox release coming soon.
Sounds good to me! :) I am highly convinced that most writers take their stories from their own dreams! LOL
Was at the set of NY Ink yesterday. Honestly I expected more.
omg man i hope they do (;
we can't all be witty, I see.
just because you have an iphone doesn't mean your cool. Scrtach that you're way cooler. Love you
Now just 750 miles between me and my bed. Riding shotgun with I hope to not be returning to anytime soon
May the Fourth be with you...
thanks for forgetting my hashbrown, #mcdonalds. that's my favorite part.
Off to the Plex of Mercy
What was it. -___- RT : oh I remember now
Ah 2nd cycling class! Ooh the bum is tender! Lol
Hahahah omg no way! That is too funny. I guess he just wants to be himself and doesn't care who knows
can I help you
New YouTube lyric video of our new song "When Words Aren't Enough". Go check it out!!!
You should post photos/bios of your dancers for "Dancing With Our Stars 2012"! It would be nice to "get to know" them pre-event.
just pulled the Harvard card :25 minutes into debate. Helps him or hurts him?
Just saw this, its funny MT : MTV and VH1 talent... all go through social media training program
FRESH OFF WORK (NOT SO FRESH REALLY.. ) HA' IM ALL BOUT THE DINERROO! RT YO HUSTLE! #HUSTLEHARD'
Thanks! We put a lot of thought into the careers section -- we have some exciting things planned for it in the future!
Apparently I should clarify I do NOT think Yi is good.
It wasn't the worst birthday, but it certainly in hell wasn't the best! There's always next year if I live that long at the rate I'm going.
haha that's very true!
Great weekend by Movers Long Island!!! 13 satisfied customers on Sat, 10 on Sun, let's see what today brings..
Thanks for checking us out!
Why no full review on the awesome that is the "Avengers" trailer?
Who wakes up when all the cool kids are just starting to go to sleep? This girl.
Yes, looking forward to it. Tho I did sneak in a viewing earlier....
Long day funfilled with reports, starting research, and still wondering what to do.
so mad had too rest ps3 if u had me as a friend on there add me again my id is still the same thank u
You just have to listen to the good shit. Not the chunti type they play at house parties lol.
I moved some furniture today so that I could have a bit of my dream space right now! What are you doing to prep for your dreams come true?
Watched the little princess with my grams....she's been referring to herself as a princess ever since.
I can see why that would be useful. I'm afraid I don't know, but I'll ask around.
RT : My youngest daughter Sierra Brown will be inducted into the National Achievers Society . We are so very proud. KUDOS!
one OF MY bullies came up behind me and almost cut my hair
i'm doin homework with my dad!
Season finale of The Vampire Diaries...i have my box of tissues, so im ready.
Exactly at 9:53 Ima drink red wine with cheap perfume Nd hold that whisky up high for
"The greenest house is the one that never gets built."
6 papers, 3 finals, and less than two weeks til i graduate from college
don't you have blonde hair alex ?
Just posted "Sketchy". Thanks so much to Steve Savage for a lovely mix. Things are moving along with my album. Just a few more songs to mix!
Please follow on Instagram! Dope ish! And follow them on Twitter !
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
i rather live my life with risks rather than what ifs
The one you posted yesterday about turning friends/business partners into clients was great...
Signal's just fine over here …
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
its just a square
Car rides get so boring when there is no one to talk to even tho your best friend is right there lmfaoo!!
Everyone make sure to check out #KarminHello today! It's only $6.99 on iTunes (currently holding down the number 3 spot on the chart). :)
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
What is your best feature phone? Samsung Intensity II? Samsung Brightside? Thanks.
No power & my dog ran away.
It's National Nurses Week! Do you have a friend of family member who works as a nurse? If so, give him or her a shout out here.
Windy in Paign country
It's Cold In This Housee .
has interviewed Survivor, Big Brother and Amazing Race players. Getting an interview with would be AWESOME.
Local woman saves weddings, one bride at a time
Hungry hungry hungry.... Make me some food #WOMAN!!! 🍳
sorry I didn't answer I was at my sister's house- seeing my niece(: I cant go a day without seeing her! Lol its true.
What's the absolute coolest thing you've ever done?
Sorry you are not even close! Ha! Just love helping a #Buffalo #Realtor friend with her #marketing cc:
thank-you!!
Great crises produce great men and great deeds of courage.
Haha right? It's awesome! :)
I have to do homework now ):
Aw! I think shes beautiful no matter what! :D
haha yeah the worst part for me is seeing philly fans everywhere! I hate it! But thats part of living in PA!
BEST.NIGHT. with & <3 They're the BEST dates and seeing made my night even sweeter! <3
Ive been anxious alot lately...... Is that bad?
 RT : “: here's to the kids who do nothing on Friday nights because they have no social life.” 😓
Also for the "ACC raid" crowd. BigXII doesn't want to take more than 1 team at a time from a single conf. No bad press for killing a conf.
almost ...You're barkin up the right tree :) what material is that on?
last minute show tomorrow (Thurs) night 9:00 at City Tavern in Dallas. If your looking for a good time we would love to see you out!
MY HUSBAND BROKE HIS ARM . IM CRYING .
That awkward moment when a girl is wearing more makeup then clothes.
one of those very rare tweets.
wants to go to Chicago again.
Who dey..... Come on Bengals we need this WIN. :)
why didnt i think of that haha
exactly right! we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!
#7lessons got my "Internet degree" at Amazon. I like!!
buying reason six for 33 bucks.
So is in the house tonight, be sure to bring your livers AND your dancing shoes.
RT : With Green Bay Packers coming to Grafton today, can finally walk the streets without paparazzi.
My fingers are destroyed to the point that I can't tie my tie... Bleh :/
HAD TO COME UP WITH A SICK ENOUGH REMIX TO ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS THANKX TO YOU!!!
A quote ... who said this: "There can be no social justice without economic justice."
searching for a new direction today.. and no I wasn't referencing Glee (this time)
#10FavouriteBands Simple Plan,Three days grace,Guns-n-roses,Good charlotte,A day to remember,Hot chelle rae,Linkin Park,All American Rejects
Michael Bush got paid WAY more than me. Who the fuck is Michael Bush?
Oil companies prob want Obama to take the fall. Repub pusas, w/ no regard for the environment, are for them easier to deal w/.
When you don't have to go to the gym or work, and you can #relax oh wait, whats relaxing??
good luck on your dance show!!! Ly!!
what was the TV van count this morning outside?
In better news, I'm eating chili.
Come on people 6 more followers!!! As soon as I hit 500 I'm gonna post a video for y'all so get to stepping!
GM tweeters!
More like slim, to 100's skinny.
. oh you guys are on Twitter? Sweet
Excited to be a Graduate Assistant for the program next year. I am looking forward to working with everyone. Follow us for updates!
RIP Junior Seau, this Broncos fan will always respect you game!
Please follow They are a new media service located in Seattle and they are fantastic at targeting your audience.
Finally home ... oh Ventura ... you never fail to give us a great time!!!
That's an hysterical analogy!
So I guess my fantasy teams decided to take the week off. Always next week. Can't wait!
“: 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion.New York Times Co.: $967 million.” Paying for it not same as worth it.
I'm on my way to this audition. What r u up to?
Lolol online...in person...doesn't matter! Don't do it! Lol
HOLY FUCK, I WANT YOU SO BAD.
I listen all the time actually, and am much the wiser because of it!
Also a pleasure to meet you!
i know you'll been waiting the documentary is officially out so watch it and tell your friends. this is 2 months in the making.
Game 1 #NYRANGERS vs #NJDEVILS 8pm! Where are you watching the game? Come to and watch it on one of our 30 flat screens!!
Even if the Heat win this series, if Bosh doesn't return healthy this will be another bust year.
#museweb, yes I can see how this could consume some. i've noticed more 'heads down' staring into phones lately rather than looking around
Almost done getting the new and Improved Triskelion Sociity Shop up. Limited edition coffee mug will be for sale.
you were in drag? Pics?
Probably not going to help me if I have a bengali client though... gotta work on that social work bangla.
SO NFL HAS FINALLY CRACKED ITS WHIP ON THIS BOUNTY BULL GOING ON.
You could almost say he knows nothing.
Prosopography, the study of relationships between people. #nfais new word for me.
thanks so much. Always tough stories and thanks for being our one viewer!!
oh & I'm thinking of Vegas for august but I liked Miami 
feeling restless....
Stay with the music..let it play a little longer. Happy Thursday!!!
yeah I didn't read it til after I tweeted you
Finally decided to try this whole tweet thing out...
test the market by throwing it into a upscale burb. Expand into the city after? Either way I'm blocks away from C-Hill come June!
Dear Santa, I got a sled for christmas... does that mean its going to snow? :)
RELATIONSHIPS DONT LAST BECAUSE KIDS ACT LIKE THERE GROWN UM BITCH WE SUPPOSE TO ARGUE
And just stop this ridiculous Matt Flynn talk. How can a guy who has played in 2 NFL games command big money? How did Kolb work out for AZ?
hey was my pleasure! Great to meet you tonight!
Check him out to get interesting Colliers Related updates...
harry and niall.(:
Hanging out with friends today and will try to play online poker at the same time. Worked out last time, see if I can do it again.
Celebrating Joy's BDay tonight! 29 years young  and still queen of the house
great food! Thanks from me and ! See yea soon
Then what's the point of being in upper management?
yay! Where are you off to?
does #BiRite ice cream travel well? I think it can make a trip across
Birthday is 5 days. Gonna be on the wrong side of my 30s.
Really? RT In Mercer Co high schools foreign exchange students aren't allowed to graduate so they wont outshine local students
I hate Wednesdays
no one yet. Still not got the working part of my visa. Thought I might try and meet some Chicago peeps in SM/digital whilst there.
No Apologies ; thanks
I Am That Too
Tony Harris is a member of the CeBIT escape committee today. A good thing! The public sector workers are on strike and no trams! Viel Spass!
Zotero is amazing, and (imho) should really be taught to high school kids for citation skillz, since it's so easy to use.
Who was your favorite professor and DBU? Tell us!
I love kayleigh grubbing she is awesome!
More than 12,700 licensed medallion taxis work the streets of New York City.
I woulda Cussed that sheriff outif I was Homie! Racist Sheriff
Usa-hill-bility: a podcast in which I perform usability testing on people from the deep south
Who's everyone pulling for at Doral this week? My money is on Keegan Bradley. He's a grinder
Oml, I want Denny's!
thank you Trice! It's soo good🍴🍻
sounds great! we are back late Friday night. Maybe Saturday?
RT : #SunTalk: My mother is the best because _____. // she made me believe I could do anything.
Great, I really appreciate it. We have some exciting changes coming very soon that I think many #SLPs will love.
the southeast beast!!playa came up since his hs days frm clear brook! Glad 2 kno true talent came frm tht school!!
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy the rest of your week!
Happy Friday everyone!!!
where is lunch today fam
Festival of the Chariots. India pride in Venice
Its a nice day in the mill
Social Media Tip: A “dead” Page reflects poorly on your #smallbusiness. Make sure to update your pages consistently. (From our new #FBeBook)
Happy Friday the 13th!
Without regulation a #dog feels lost and baffled about his role in the pack
tomorrow will be an attempt at the Love Sandwich. Just read the article and can't wait to pick fresh basil and hit whole foods ! Thx
1MONTH OUT OF T.D.C. AKA "STATE PROPERTY" AND READY TO GET ON IT, BUT IN DO TIME AND THAN ITS ON FO'REAL FO'REAL, PATIENCE N FAITH T.Y.L. G.
RT : Love great infographics? Check out this awesome video infographic on the local web from the folks at
Packerseverywhere.com. Join the Green and Gold where ever you are. Love the fall season .
what up? U back from hollin' @ the St Lunatics? Ha
are y'all gonna be in FL next month?!?! Come thru!
Good idea. Anything,..we do demands mobilization. We are trying.
The rest of them better wear helmets
my last move is to Unfollow you;)
and you photo's are up to the time bout yo press like on a few of tyme tomorrow
Throat feeling scratchy.. cold coming on? Man I hope not.
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey shows user-generated content is low in engineering/manufacturing
Can we please get #thingsSimonBorgthinks going? I think it could be entertaining.
looks like fun!
if you do you'll see me;) lol get it? I'm his chin? Haha.
ALERT...Stay away from any emails, etc.. from an outfit called BookLode. They are falsely soliciting under 's name ...BEWARE
Well, there are a few more names on my list but difficult to say ALL Susans, Barbaras, Diannes, etc : )
Welcome back and welcome -- lots to uncover here (and lots of tools from to do it)
knowing good and well you sleep lol
8 more followers! Almost there! Love yah guys!
Happy National Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
aw shucks we're blushing now
you mean the one that triggered that wreck yeah we saw it
Low scoring games all around baseball today.
This RT : I wanna babysit Sean Preston & Jayden. And we can play Just Dance.
Unfollowing the boring peeps now.
Sigh. Poor JVS.
I love you. I'm sorry. Can you be my friend again?
Resting for work in the a.m #$$$
who is your publisher? I would love to carry your book in our French-inspired shop in Little Washington, VA.
- thnx for following
vas' happening dude
Last month our users crawled 1,574,019,850 web pages and spent 4.6 CPU-years crunching data
This Burger king at always messing up my food I don't even feel like going back in there
lol yo!!!! im so tired need school!!!!!!
guys!! on vyrt in 14 days r u ready?
lol Mitt vs Newt! Let the poop-flinging begin! Then let the only real candidate on the stage speak :)
RT : Rodgers previously said he'd drunk a vodka mixed w an energy drink which contained banned stimulant methylhexaneamine
Hey, thanks for the RT, Raven.
Everyone, don't panic. Before Collin left, he had a romantic dinner with me and told me he can't imagine leaving my sexy self next season.
Just got a letter from Santa. My car is dead. Another $100 repair. Kill me now.
Thanks for the mention, Keith. Have a great day!
The Uptown is a mega-huge screen tho. So your head is whipping back and forth to see all the action. Not good for 1st viewing.
Next year we will
Taking a short break from editing #Rising to stop by ! Espresso froyo with chocolate espresso beans and a side of espresso. -JO
Leaving it at that is deffinatly not going to make me feel any better. I need someone to talk to. Throwing up blood isnt helping either
Anyone out there need wine & cheese pairing advice? Check out in NYC. They also deliver (cheese not wine) !!!
Our challenge: Design game inspired by checkers, w/ multiple ways to win, uses counting, & teaches how to be an organized student
laker game time. oh yes.
Perfect night for a late workout! I've been slackin'.
IT'S AN APOCALYPSE.
I would love to hold your hand. C;
Better after a good night's sleep!
#HotDog Your slump upsets me
Thank you Hirsch!!
If it's out of your control, why fret about it? Concentrating on things you can control is how you make good things happen.
Blahh is just right, but you shouldn't blah you beautiful human being. What's wrong?
so true
The word devil-fecta was used in our offices earlier today. But not in the way you'd think.
Hey baby beautiful afternoon
You're doing everything right but it's still not showing up in the feed. Apologies--we're not sure what to advise
girl, that performance was great for so many reasons
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 82
Nice Seeing You Saturday! (:
Other than Game 4 of the '97 Cup finals vs Detroit, this could be the most forgone conclusion in #Flyers hockey history.
Nope, I dont do any of the ordering. You should take screenshots!
Well after taking a LONG ASS nap...ima try to do my report without distractions...i guess I shouldnt sit in front of my tv :/ lol ;P
bitch I was going to tweet that!
watching network coverage of cain's arcade. completely disconnected. wow.
Passions rekindled #TNWIC Thank you inspiring us all
Bobby Knight has hacked Rex Chapman's twitter account!
Just came back from and our team was Inspired by Steve Kaplan's Seminar Bag The Elephant - Sell Bigger Sell Better - Thrive in this economy
Goodmorning world! :D
Today is World Kidney Day. Celebrate with some extra trips to the bathroom!
My computer would freeze everytime I go to some chick's page who had the playboy glitter shit on there page. So frustrating.
A: Keep it original. Not saying go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Not hatin on u black lung smokers, but why is it that u could be a million feet away and somehow the smoke still hits me!
Yay I got free time! :)
eating cereal bored
I'm so hung over... I'm surprised I got home ok Haha
Thank You!!! RT congrats that exciting! Great job
That AT&T guy was cute..☺
The Fact that Teammindless are hustling for money at this point in time <<<<<<<<
I hope ur not eating eggs with cheese !
field trip Thursday. woot woot! wait no, im in a group with all the annoying people -__- except 1 person.
Looking for best man speech ideas...
However you approach your article writing, you need to know that you will rarely get it perfect at first.
thanks. I know it was a relatively last minute request.
i hate when i spell shit wrong when im trying to be a smartass in a text :/
Maundy-Thursday @ Main Street Church.... Come journey with us through the biblical stories of Jesus' Passion. 6:30PM, 81 W. Main St., Peru!
#realtime quoting from #drift without mentioning the book. Come on give credit
congratulations from a fellow KY boy and fan! Good to see you boogity, boogity, boogity to the Hall of Fame!
go to what, the cave spring game?
Over 75 percent of people get their news from social media such as Twitter. If your reading this consider yourself informed.
I plan on having a couple of drinks tonight :)
I don't think it should be used at all.
Russ, it takes big design balls to use comic sans
DID YOU KNOW? The Dead Sea Scrolls are, for the most part, written in Hebrew. Some fragments are in Aramaic.
Watching For Colored Girls on my ipod laying on my snuggie in the media center . Lol
Victims of Agent Orange.
"I've been dreaming of a true love's kiss, & a prince I'm hoping comes with this." #cantsleep #enchantedismyfavemovie #hurryuphusband lol
I enjoy that the Bon Iver Workout DVD trailer features a different band's music. Could be tolerable...
Isaac and zeus are treating me to Autre Monde on Roosevelt road tonight. YUM.
Mövenpick Hotels &amp; Resorts perfectly positioned for China success
Including myself, I count 6 comedians at this Devo show...so far... Dun dun dun!
Or rock like a hurricane. RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death
Hansen: 21st century media - tracing a shift from past directed recording platform to data driven vision of the future.
Denver needs another "Smoke Dog" Al Wilson.....Agreed!
Pecoware / Trinket Box with Accessories & Lock, Fancy Butterfly
RT Morning... Everybody have a good day!
Fuck it partying all night. Wii, metal music, Gokaiger, and booze, and great friends
waits patiently for virtual high five....
Heat better win today. Fuck the
If #Tarot reading stopped working worldwide 1 day, as if it were broken, why would this be? Sounds like a good start to a novel! please rt.
been drunk tweeting again al??
Must be Jazz Fest.
having fun watching you guys on USTREAM!!! :D its amazing. FOLLOWW ME?! <3
On Dat IMA DO IT BIG....BIGGER THAN YESTERDAY!!!!
Chilling with the crew
now i need to figure out hair and makeup....
It's really frustrating that we spent the past 2 yrs learning wiki markup only to have the rug yanked from under us.
Heart of the Treasure Valley: Jessica Ross, 8, faces a test of strength - The Idaho Statesman
Good Night i love you :D
The man speaks the truth! RT : "Corporations aren't people. People are people" -- Barack Obama
If I had known that I would fall asleep in the sun, I would’ve taken off my sunglasses.
RT Wat up ««on the way to work wussup
ima kill you
bad girls club in a hour! getting off .. ight bye
I root for the Rangers when I watch baseball, but I'm not an avid baseball watcher. Watched the Rangers more when they were bad. But
lol really that's terrible. I just made my account a couple days ago.
I think I listen to it at least twice a week on the Sirius 90's station....love it!
no problem bro lol
your lips on my lips. jk never
Very cool - Mountain Winery nominated for Best Small Outdoor Concert Venue in US in the Pollstar Awards! We love the Mountain Winery! :)
Oh, the one with the goatee and the tie? That's one I've had for a while.
Dear Algebra, Stop asking us to find your X. She's not coming back.
#IADMIT I'm a bit of a clutz sometimes
Rules are meant to be followed, otherwise they shouldn't exist. Thoughts?
Happy Easter everyone!!! Have a great day celebrating with your loved ones :)
You Gotta Have Hope Sometimes ..
18 hour drive, we 3 students are going to be showing up Tuesday afternoon & promptly either napping or wishing we could. :-)
Good Morning Tweedos!
Depending on your point of view, 343,674 may be a very exciting number. Today at least, it is for me.
congrats to our drummer, Whitey on his 1 year anniversary. Way to go! We are glad to see the meetings are helping & we'll drink to that!
At least she's not jealous #skylerproblems p.s. im not afraid to tag you
6:30 baby still asleep but neighbor is yelling and using a nail gun so not for long.
My dog is obssessed with Big Red.(: HeatherReneeHampton.(:
the beer took a ball, and so should have Headley.
I Love Nick Mara
Yes please. The "hold" music would be putting me to sleep if I didn't have Twitter pals to talk to right now.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: If you make a promise to your audience, you'll be accountable to produce content & they'll start to expect it. Do it!
Blonde boys don't know what they want and blonde girls dont know what they can have
haves teamed up w/ to launch educational gaming site for #k12 &under &homeschoolers.
I'm good. Working hard! And playing hard.
after looking at this calendar ? im a nervous wreck.
In the Dome!!! Let's Go Saints!!! Who Dat!!!!
Currently sporting one of those sore throats you get after drinking coffee from a cup that didn't have the dish soap rinsed off well enough.
I will be with the one I love, with unveiled face I will see Him. Then my soul will be satisfied,
10/4/2010 Putting innovation to work Boston Globe
Daily GTKY question: What is the most comfortable temperature for you?
thanks for following my feed--feel free to follow my academia feed as well >>
Packy the elephant turned 50 today in portland
I'm curious, are you still working on your Apex GNex CDMA ROM? It's been great so far, wondering if any updates are in the works
Nowhere nearby, otherwise I know some good spots!
Hey mama!!! *waving*
I'm tired of grandma and grandpas jank lawn mower
Free Sonic T-shirts if you park in the lucky stall and spend $10+. Secret Stall Hint update-it's either stall #11,12, or 13.Sonic
Currently at Lou Malnati's with the fambly. Suck on that every other human eating pizza tonight!
And it really looks like they're playing scared.
Dear dad- do you find it weird how well martin luther king could remember his dreams? I never remember mine
Yep dallas outtathere
At Genghis Grill getting my grub on. U get to choose your own raw meats, veggies nd sauce to cook on the grill. Very very nice, will be back
Thanks for the RT Peter!
Like I said... I tell the truth not what you want to hear.
"It isn't where you came from, it's where you're going that counts."
Going to chacha for a week straight and see what happens!
Congrats to Steve Pearlstein for his Lifetime Achievement Loeb Award!
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL
Ohh you fancy huh? ;D
Agh, I'm tired af and have a headache and my dad and brother are nowhere to be found.
A reminder that the 2009 Fairbook has been uploaded to the website! We are also still accepting sponsors! Msg us if you are interested.
haha yeah :p
Its a Good Day
still trying to launch: we're very close!!
March 22 at 3pm SLIS is having a discussion about career options in LIS. To RSVP or get more info send e-mail to .
My mom lives in Coconut Creek. My folks moved out there in 1990.
"Hearing the Beastie Boys speak out against sexism made me feel like if these men who had once sung about getting girls
lol funny story behind that song... Fag 😜
I'm addicted to McDonald's oatmeal!
This guy's last name is Fuhrer. I bet he's got a lot of nicknames.
metal allergy, you'll have to wear 18k gold. oh no.
Already here.
great times tonight! Thanks for everything!!
Shouldn't have eaten leftovers from last night...
It feels like Winter again here in Nashville
Welcome new follower Glad to have you!
watching the replay of the Dawgs annual kicking of the bees...
Reggie Watts killin' it on Conan.lol
Fill my cup up with your blessings jah when the rain fall on InI house top non stop heart ah luv inna morning yah mi good frens...
Np Shots For Me
Ok, me and are actin a fool right now. "And its not even her birthday"
#TheMostCommonLies I'll never hurt you
So there was a random car on fire on my block....
"Mortar and pestle." "That's what you use to muddle things, yes?" "Is that how you make pesto?" "Actually... YES." Playing
I need help.....I need help. Someone call me. I need to finish this damn song. AUDREY. CUE AUDREY.
day of jumping jacks huh?
Nurses Careers – What exactly Mental Well-being Nursing ...: Having an all-natural health diet can assist you in having control with ...
#YeenBoutThatLifeIf your tweets are protected
Broke up ? do you mean break up..!!
rt RAW512: In need of some assistance this thursday at The Parish. If anyone is free to help us run our front of house, send me a
Power of imagination is what makes humanity distinct from other species. -
could you wish me a happy birthday? It would make my life!(:
It will be interesting to see how long it will take Newt Gingrich to trash the media during tonight's Florida Debate.
Why does think I'm an influencer about Oreos and Latin??????
I thought I sent it... AWOLNATION- Sail... Let me know if that's the one you're thinking of
Listening to Bryan Adams. Reminiscing about my youth.
Hey guy walking into Archibalds at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, I'm judging you.
Thanks to our grad student intern Jenn Fuller for running
E!!!! “: As it stands real time.....1. United 2. City 3. Arsenal 4. Spurs #SurvivalSunday”
#aguyknowshesdatingapersianif she starts putting napkins in his glove compartment
Suit/Smoking PORN! *Flails*
My Winthrop World Tour - wrapping up conversations in NJ. Off to Long Island tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting more great students.
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets. I'm sure to learn something!
Me and are sitting on the bus cause were cool cats.
U may have conveniently forgotten that BB & Aitizaz Ahsan were in the 4front 2 restore judiciary bt who cares abt that now? :)
another evening, another 1K words to add to the WIP.
Yes. Moths are put on this earth to make us want our mothers. It all makes sense now.
Hi Esha, It was good running into you, and thank you for re-following. Let's stay in touch.
finish this line When I heard you speak yo I damn near cried...
You may now eat the bride...
Was Here
going to eat then get ready fory banquet later
Time will pay for that, right? Also, to make it authentic one of the dishes should definitely be poisoned.
RT : Easy way to celebrate #EarthDay: reuse your grocery bags and donate your 10 cent bag credit to !
Blasting 1D.....YOU ONLY WANT ME WHEN I'M TAKEN
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
#1DVEVO #ASKREPLY Im there biggest fan because they get me through my hard times.When I want to give up and break down their there 4me
follow me and then I will follow u back :)
Lil Wayne in a couple!!!
Woke up to the smell of fried oreos. Damn you Aileen D':
Seriously, Ladies Rock Camp is the COOLEST camp around!
I have a serious craving for piyya with pineapple and tomato. SERIOUS.
Reading John Dewey's Public and its Problems (1927). It's incredible how little has changed. Democratic process still needs to be reshaped.
Hope to see you there!
Get a copy of "Shakespeare Wallah", a #merchantivory film with a young, handsome #shashikapoor. It's a gem!
Good Morning Denver! 2012 has started off with a bang and OCRA is incredibly thrilled, but there's always more room to save you $$.
One who starts earlier, may become number one.
No they're not. relationships aren't meant to be looked at as miserable or feel like u restricted. and ppl look at them that way now. So sad
I like your blog.
I know the feeling. My girlfriend lives on another planet.
Thanks Devan! We like what you're doing, too.
If birth control coverage = whore. What does insurance covered Viagra make men?
Good job! I think they'll go all the way again this year.
Head out the GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK this THURSDAY! Free cover and other specials plus Ill be spinning!!...
yea we do
yeah, I sponsor every now and again - some support from big cos would be nice
yes, we're in the process of creating a new site! Thx for visiting.
He going to take my breath away I can't wait chocolate daddy xoxo love ya papi
whats up zach? thanks for following up, we're actually working on the site and we have a shirt that will be up on our twitter soon!
It must've been bad. It's danielle for crying out loud, i'm not suprised that you have to DM me.
a pic of what?
i think the best part of this is you have comics in your office... #just-sayin my boss might not like that.
1 day & 15 hours to graduation!
even after reading it, he didn't really prove his sugar is toxic claim to me. Clearly excessive consumption is bad. not new.
Received a dangling participle from my cookie instead of a fortune.
that makes sense. lol.
You're welcome -- great work!!
People tweet a LOT and constantly. #ctfd or
Sup brotha! How have you been? Just watching the old TSA vid and thought of you and !
