that must be the only place in buffalo with such stringent moral codes...
Know of a local, private organijzation that assists veterans with job placement and counseling? Looking to interview a VRC.
#greenandyellow green and yellow!!!!! Go Packers
Oh yes. I have some web sites I buy from and make some good scores. It's fun. Also I only collect a certain vintage
You know you dirty, right? Lemme wash you up...
Merry Christmas, happy holidays, seasons greetings, bon noel, ho ho ho, glad tidings, happy Hanukkah ... etc, enjoy!
I don't believe they track the numbers at this stage--sorry I can't shed some light!
So, should we start announcing our Classroom of the Future Grant winners???
#WhatGetsMeMad; Myself. I can be such a push over, I hate it. My intentions are good though..
let's hope Ecuador can get some points tomorrow
You deserve a smile you can be proud of & we can make it happen! Call Madison No Fear Dentistry on how to save $250 on invisible braces :)
Awesome take a picture!
class in the morning babe :(. Get to sleep!
heck yeah im down but I gotta get a board first!
good luck! Let's see some gluten-free cooking!
Nice shot of the show at !
that sounds awesome. Hopefully they still have it when I go back, whenever that is lol.
Sorry ? Really It's just that Idk like i said, I'm paranoid with that haha lol.
HEY I like ur face, will you marry me?
Is anyone going to see the #BeachBoys in Baltimore tonight?
COME visit us! We have #triverahappyhour and we can share a light saber!
Oh cool! I was worried it was a dumb idea and everyone would be like "UGH DON'T NO ONE CARE ABOUT YOUR KID"
God Morning Tweeps!! Have a happy and safe 4th of July!!
it nine and i realize looking for a place on craiglist is sucks but if u moving to Mississippi then great cost of livin seem cheap
I wish Youtube's new Analytics was quicker with the stats feedback. #HatCat stats are stuck on 1/13 data, and I'm dying to track it further.
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they really possess all the tools required to procure great wealth.
Hosting The Miami Herald Small Business Forum at FIU! Come follow at
Anyone still looking for #BradPaisley tickets for Friday?
Thanks all for sharing about Mr. Jer's family! |
Our interior design is inspired by the power and elegance of the art deco movement of the 1920’s and 1930’s.
miki is on the desk at powell. call her if you need help with anything. see you tomorrow!
Haha, looking forward to seeing it in 28 days!
YEAH IM GONNA TRY AN BE IN HEAR MORE NOW THAT MY LAPTOP IS FIXED
WOW You mentioned Bills? I am from Point. The only restaurant my family went to when I was a kid. Best pizza, hands down!
#stlwx Okay, really? We got thunder with our infrequent and cold rain by Lambert Int'l Airport.
The Red Wings kicked some ass tonight!
I'm watching it.
well aren't you fancy! Have fun!
is this real life? Becky B. on the Twitter?
who doesn't like a warm sausage?
Tim #Tebow will be introduced to NYC at 10am MT / 12pm ET. Get ready for the whirlwind New York.
Books = Paper(!) = Toilet Paper...thought the senders of a press release for "the only hygiene tissue paper conference":...
me too this shit is crazy
Now a NASM Certified Personal Trainer here to help YOU get healthier, leaner, stronger, faster....BETTER.
That is some scary sounding thunder
It was a pleasure to meet you as well!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. Goethe A #business or #executive #coach can help u get there!
RT Some will take U under their wing bc they're afraid if they let U fly alone ul soar higher than them>REAL TALK follow him
I think I have become immune to Tom Shane's voice
"being sick is has got to be one of the most infuriating things to deal with..................... Along with stupid people"
@ the airport headed to dc to shoot a fab wedding tomorrow
Bullshit call Blue.
Parks and Rec break from the Draft. Not even 1 minute in we get a Hoosiers reference. It's gonna be a great night!
"Do we strive for excellence or perfection?" Whats the difference? Your thoughts.
thank you!!
Save a horse, ride a cowboy.
about 25 minutes west of Springfield there is a gas station replica created by Gary Turner that is really neat.
Thank you for the book!!
Good morning, how's everything going?
I get on twitter to see that loves me! That just makes me 10 times happier.
you guys can dance i wish i had a crew like yours to auditon for abdc !
Who was #mycrushof2011? I had two! #ChrisPine & the #GeicoGecko. Yeah. Don't judge.
Watchin boyz n the hood... I still hate watchn the part when ricky gets shot
so does the same go for a relationship
Taking part in e-reading device surveys for Really interesting and pertinent questions! Can't wait for the results
Thanks for the mention!
ordered six (count-em) pounds of cheddar cheese from farm-way. Have to balance well-being and brain food with cholesterol!
OH wow! If ya'll have any free time let me know. I'd love to catch up :). I haven't seen her since...Nov 09 or something
Scott Walker's running late. Very unusual.
Dear MBTA Red Line- thank you for giving me more sweat-dripping, body-to-body action this morning than I've had in the past month.
oh ok
you forgot to tweet me!!! :'0
I am the white
“: car accident.”
I have a question for you
oh hey
Such a crime, not a single a word?
And I remember when I walked in back last Fall...Great job team Go #Obama2012!
87 in your mouth
im sorry i got irritated
Do you need a designer for all those lovely things? :)
thanks for the tip
Straight up obsessed with my dental health lately
Calls from my ex talkn bout how she stress I just listen to keep them white folks out my check
I agree AMG!. I look at the profile for my museum and just don't see this as an option, Could be wrong, don't think so
of course :-) done. thx
Last roadshow of the season!!!
Yes. There is a Pizza place by the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel that has 50 cent slices of pizza.
Get the convenience of the keypad lock & peace of mind of the built-in alarm lock all in one! Check it out on Pinterest!...
blah....im so bored=p
At the Apollo watching and perform. This show is incredible! Just keeps getting better!!!
Does any school really teach this? Only programs I've seen that do are Urban Design ones.
Where did yhu go
Please rain :)
I hear ya! Some seem to think that their opinion is more important and more right than those of us that don't write a blog.
Why am I so stupid?
Not going to Toots anytime soon.
Make it Happn Capn ": Had a dream last night that I was shooting a film in Tokyo. I never ignore my premonitions..."
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely
MT : During depression we built Hoover dam & other projects that helped 2 fuel our economy 4 decades. We must think big again
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
the light at the end of the tunnel will be out due to high cost of living
GONNA FUCK YOU IN THE EAR 
Sad I missed cookies and cream froyo , wondering what password is for wifi if it's for customers.
Your Twitter may have been hacked. Got an odd DM from you. FYI.
We think you're great too!
A parade of color in motion parading constantly on the stage.
hey, its gotta get done!
I heard Mumford and Sons was strange last night. Let's hope they can pull it together for their remaining shows....
I had a dream that and myself met again,but he was too distracted by 's pants to talk to us. -.-
Stop chasing after perfections. Instead, stop and look at what you have, and you'll realize that what you have is better than perfection.<3
how do we get from back problems to crack?
Come hang out in a gangsta's paradice w/the rest of the hoes and bros here
i LOVE surprises! life's busier than ever. we should have another star trek party when the movie's out. hows your life stranger?
Police hunt for suspect in Kensington fatal shooting. We talk to a man who spoke to suspect Phil Gilberti AFTER the shooting on News4 at 6
Headed to la la land in March for something nice! #weedropweerock!!!
couldn't agree more.
I don't get the lack of minutes for C Smith. Why is he in the dog house. I mean seriously play the whole darn team.
Chinese imports back to selling......
how was your Skype with Ryan Beatty??
“: 😭😭😭😭 miss you!!!!!”<Miss u more!! I'm glad I met u. Ur such a sweetheart & a Wonderful addition 2 my life!
I love how almost all my new followers are band members. c:
Jesus had some water and 6 large jars... Altered an entire wedding party & proved God's miraculous nature!
Bowdren goes down swinging to end it, Hokies take the second game, 4-2, final score.
I followed .. follow me back?
yep, that's it!
WHO is that puppy? Where is it? Can I hug it?
In my freakn anatomy lab :(.
So much to do!
RT : Even this early in #SpringTraining Roy Halladays breaking ball is simply disgusting
My sister's a horrible driver. Smh.
Three little birds by bob marley<3
Is everyone keeping up with their New Year's resolutions?
Yea!!! Reached 200 tweets! I enjoyed class
The season has started! How exciting!
Congrats to the Seattle Sonics on their game 1 win! Oh wait...
as much as I like baseball going to all 82 games puts you on the level with Star Trek fans.
is that suppose to be like methhead lol, u need to start tweeting ryan
Someone doesn't need to watch the calories.
I think every sorority girl just wanted into the building.
Read my previous tweet! Will be in Copenhagen this time next week - yahoo!
oh please. all that mattered was that heel and you couldn't tell on that shot. go back to sleep.
yeah I know that's how rumors get started, haha I had office assistant first period and they were telling me haa
#ThingsBlackPeopleLove being told "you are not the father" Thanks Maury
You're the man. That is all.
The Phoenix & Lil' Wayne - EP is pure
Spending a lot of time thinking about whether to buy a curling iron. Making this into some weird political decision about gender.
Since I'm going into work an hour and a half early tmrw I think I should at least be allowed to wear pjs.
chillin bruh knocking did grad school out!
nothing better than someone touching your soul. Physical is fleeting. An impression on your spirit is everlasting.
that's why it's the best sport in the world
He's up to 48 followers but his tweets are locked, that might be the issue.
I don't get that one either. I hope they don't boo Sveum
Today TC and I went to McDs for lunch and weird lady was watching me, and started talking to us saying I looked familiar.
Expect full-throttle #Marchmadness vibe at the BC today -- #mubb v. G-town -- will be a good test for center-less MU (again)
Oh. I forgot. Also the surgical mask wearers.
love the book Virals!!
is not leaving everything in Texas, he's taking everything with him!! :)
Say ur blessings and pray for others as u would 4 yourself sweet dreams and lots of love muahhhhh
u kno, u bin sayin that a lot 2 me lately...u gona hurt my feelins
The wife, corrects me...we rented Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy.
So it looks like Kobe is focused on the playoffs. Sitting out of tonight's game
hm...that looks familiar!
yess & I kno u sauced. I can read it in ur tweet
May 12: Reception 5:30; Program and Live Auction 7; Silent Auction throughout the evening
Singing time (:
I.WANT.CHRONICLE.POWERS. I'd be like Matt, but as powerful as Andrew and use my powers for good!
Lmao .. i understand
Keeping yourself abreast of the latest indexes of stocks is a must and is one of the most important online stock trading strategies
1215 ( magma carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
RT: Next week will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Thursday at 10pm EST.
Wicked BBoy Moves! "J-Deezy" is the new nickname?
Learn how companies are using inbound marketing techniques to generate higher volume and lower cost leads and customers
Things could always be worse! Actually wait...things are pretty bad in Indy right now. At least your not Tim Wymer! Haha.
Oh I'm not from the states. Obviously you weren't around when I created this account ha ha (yes this is how Arod laughs).
After serial internal testing for coming Mac app, I'm back and would like to share my experience.
Right... but it's a joke. Pointing about the absurdity of looking to the Bible make the point that God doesn't approve.
Getting ready for HOW Interactive
I had to out creep you, it was easy...
ha a blasty blast. Let's meet up again soon.
Just got back from the Lake. My arms hurt, but had a really great time. I also saw Bat man's boat too! Lol :D
without seeing it my guess are the Davenport Brothers.
Born in the city, raised in the country.
RT hey ladies - I look forward to the next event - keep me posted. > thanks. :-)
When The Wickedly Wise Enemy Puts Information out it is to produce A Calculated Response
Hey you guys should tour/play a show with this cool band :D
Something's really wrong with the world when you've become so blinded by a so-called "good book" that you can't see the evils around you.
hahaha that. is. awesome
i will retweet them for you if you want?(:
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!
#ImportantFactsAboutMe I'm nothing that needs yo be fucked with. When I blow, Ima blow like a fucking bomb.
no problem handsome
I don't know where you are, but have you been to BGR? There are a million flavorings you can mix with whatever you want.
Giving twitter another try!! Really trying to get into it!!
OK CLIENTS... The next STREAK you've been waiting for is right around the corner.. I feel it
Haha um u know what, maybe! Lol Theres somestuff poppin...the question is if ill be up to it tonight...haha
seriously! We can't pay for what we are spending! Release your 1040's so we can see how much taxes you are paying!
and where are u tonight !? X
Maybe is counting down the number of songs she has to finish for her album.
True that! When r your upcoming trips? RT : What's poppin ? The season is here! About time 4 #chipsandskitrips!
even a strong person has their breaking point
Like to listen to boosie girls <3.
resturant inside ikea... is that really necessary??
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com is the Communication Coach himself, Dwan Bent-Twyford! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
My spiritual community would like to wish you a blessed new year... blessings!
It's days like these that remind me why I love this city so much.
nothing just got home. You?
Ball at Broncos 32, 29 Yards Kick Return.
Spencers corner was a fool I think I recked it but I know my lit niggas Lil DD and the hooligan tore it up man y&#39;all get ready
It's amazing how many people I know who o to #PLA2012 when it's on the East Coast.
Dude: silken tofu, herbs, garlic, lemon juice and zest, s&p, oo, nutritional yeast, over pasta and asparagus. #vegan cc
"If you're not posting to Facebook w/ photos & it's your job... you should be fired." says
The phone ain't even ring the whole time....?
September 4: Release Date for LOVE SLAVE!
yeah 3 months ... I don't like this operation cause they had to put wires in her heart is scary as heck
Today is free music at the library! Join us here from 1-3pm and check out Retro Rocket. Also bake sale to benefit Anime/Manga club.
I really don't know what to do anymore. :(
Basically... that's my life story. Nothing else. That is all.
I wish #oomf could come cuddle
This new movie on Lifetime is a little bit creepy...
#SoTellMeWhy some buy a car to go to work to buy a car to go to work
yes. Yes I will.
I'm Mr. Piggy
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was perfect... gave me chills.
If Aundrea Fimbres came to my house and sang Damaged I would feel so much better!
yes, yes #Wilfred is a new fave....
Why do people go to starbucks to do the same shyt they do on their computers at home? WTF
My mom talked to me today, & that talk opened my eyes. I might say I'm a Christian, but the things I say & do weren't convincing (c)
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Advertising is paid placement, PR/media relations is unpaid placement as an expert source. They are not the same.
lol i think this is my 1st time on twitter this early.if i do get on i jus check my mentions so its my first time seen u! lol
SB128 is adopted! It represents a small step toward meeting CO's long term care crisis
happy to move on to your point, esp if you concede that appearance attacks are out of bounds.
Our transition to Hubspot software is complete and in just a few hours of use, 08 new sale inquiries have resulted. Best move we ever...
so true
hey do u have chat off on merge? tried to add u on skype yo
aw :) reminds me of u during our 65th street days...lol
Thanks! Empty classroom at SIS or do you think I should go home? Argh... this is probs stressing me out more than it should.
Don't get me wrong- its a good final 3. But Kim now has to live with taking her biggest threat 2 the end, so she cant be upset if she loses.
Dancing in the rain!
People discriminate against eachother more for their culture than for their skin color.
Yah, it can suck giving something you put your blood, sweat & tears into and it not being appreciated. Knit on!
can't wait for this weekend. so many good things...
Over wknd, our building was tagged with a lot of very large graffiti defacement pieces. It was very disheartening, BUT ...
what is the record for Austin?
We make our own mozzarella from mozzarella cheese curd every day.
Thanks for the RT!
you know you love it...
yes thats why I want to sleep but stupid girls and their ice -.-
Why does Siri decide to be a giant attention whore only when I'm in class? 😳
How was the wedding today??
uhh...a ninja w/ their jet pack on backwards
who ya goin with??
Please NO MORE Fockers after this. What great actors will do for a check nowadays. Smh
It's always fun seeing a what they think is a #dynamite turn into a little wuss #flare. #thankyou come again wish you had tried harder
Our animation film about young Holocaust survivor (animated by my son Perry Chen ) won IF Best Animation Award, see AWN:
An,e.fdj
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. – Benjamin Disraeli
Lunchtime=awesome walk downtown.
The Kaltman family is committed to Holocaust remembrance and education, and it is our privilege to present this course in their honor
Thank you! RT : Look for a story in the Sunday edition about A.L. students competing in Destination Imagination!
: fuck with me
aim is pissing me off --___--
Just because I dig using power tools doesn&#39;t mean I have gender identity issues! Makita cordless drill - ooh baby!
I've officially been awake for 24 hrs. Finally laying my tired body down. Awesome!
awesome. You're awesome, CSI Miami is awesome and you and KoRn on tour again are awesome. This is just one big ball of awesomness!
Thanks Neil! Any suggestions to make my content better?
QT : is that good or bad?//bad! I loved that house, and someone bought it first!
Say Its J-Peezy, Im A 15 Year Old Rapper tryna make it in dis Industry, Follow Me, ill Follow You, Get at Me Ya dig?!
LOVE the ICONic Boyz but now that Vin is gone it makes me sad to see pictures of just 6 I wanna be like you're missin' one..
so tired from laying out in the sun all day☀
Why Australian literature is alive and well and living in our universities - Sydney Morning Herald
Live on your Android on Tune in radio RADIO AND ON YOUR LAPTOP
you know whats nice about being out at 930 on a wednesday....the babies are in bed
me and are coming to your manchester show in onsies because we're so awesome... ;)
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 3
Isn't funny how alot of people are stuck in there own little bubble of a world and dont realize there more to life than what just is..
Dick Lugar is a Friend of Africa, so I'm sad to see him go. But his loss is probably good news for the Dems in November.
I think that album was a late 2011 release. Am I wrong ?
Can you please get information for the NYC meet and greet!? Thank you! XOX
What's your favorite meal that your Mum made for you?
You've arrived.
Basking in the normalcy.
Can we prioritize the things that we'll digitize by user audiences? Who are those user audiences? age groups, digital natives, etc.
“: Today is National Pig Day! So ladies, be sure to take a moment and remember all the men in your life.”
#wipfairies were hard at work. Just sent revisions to my agent!
This is a great idea, man. It's like a more organized version of my Google Reader feed.
you win for best twitter name! Not sure what you win... But you do!
and they obviously involve you
Didn't get the pearls, fudge
the middle keys are beautiful! Resorts, diving and fishing. Key West is fun, but more spring break bachelorette party kind of fun.
“When there’s no more room in Hell, the dead will walk the Earth.” Dawn of the Dead (1978) (George A. Romero)
Doh! RT : Nothing better than gettin 3/4 way thru car wash & realizn u left back window partially down....idiot Adam!!
Thanksgiving Blend!
The Princess James man crush phone lines are wide open AGAIN
I want to go home
Sorry. I was unimpressed. Still amazed he made it this far. Adam and Christina played the game poorly.
iTunes should be incorporated into Facebook. Or Amazon via Facebook.
:( Must be the problem with Lara bars, not enough sugar (for sweet tooths).
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
I am fixing to be immersed in Edward Tufte's "Presenting Data and Information" workshop.
Eewwwww! Just saw a family. Having a picnic. Disgusting.
I find that Gruner Veltliner cures cancer ===> : Alcohol kills virus, bacteria, right? (hint: I'm just looking for yesses)”
I'm always proud of you, sweetie! But yeah, I'm proud & jealous. ;)
At the end of the day it's just me, myself, and I so I put my happiness first.
how in the world did BC beat FSU?
hey can u get on here for a while? plz? thanks :D
laying here
Thanks to my new followers:
My daddy told me I can't go anymore because of ________
it's not how I define him. it's a fact and an observation of those facts. The historical evidence agrees with me.
My 1st exposure to the #AVENGERS was way back with ish 155. JAZZED to be here in for the northern California IMAX premiere!
what kind of hummus booooooooooooya and i got you you better be the hype man for me
so it's a litttleee sunny in Seattle. adventure time?
leego RT ": Let it all work out."
nobody really cares,
Can we meet at 10:30 instead of 10 today? I always misjudge traffic.
Ciao San Diego! Mangia Mangia will be serving dinner @ La Pravada apartment complex in La Mesa today from 5:30 to 7:30!
Lying on the bed crying. - Couldn't the Jazz win just one?!
crazy not all that much to do here thats why im a traveler
Today just feels like a "Grill in the Front Yard" type of day...oh and a use Hawaiian Rolls as buns day too.
Rude Boy is my life.
i'm jealous of everyone seeing the midnight showing of the avengers
Please tell me you put your Michigan pride to the side and at least picked MSU to make it out of the first round!
3C Is a company dedicated to coating a wide variety of materials like Vinyl,PVC,Metals, Wood and Concrete surfaces. 1512-722-6136
- THx, love. I wonder if we should start a #FashionFriday?
Woo congrats to Skrillex!
having a bachelor watching party Monday. We'll conference call you in. I'm giving out a first impression rose, so get ready.
Hate that is a HEAT fan :( since I have to cheer for the hometown, still love his music though ijs
Airborne particles from flushing the toilet can travel up to 6 feet. Where did you place your toothbrush?
That's understandable. Faith is for the hard times though :)
Good night to make buttermilk pancakes.
SWEET CHARITY Auditions Weds June 1st 6-9pm St Joseph Hospital 703 Main Street on 2nd Fl- Giggles Theater in Paterson NJ. # 914 751-1048
What's life without a little challenge?
okay I'm back, talk to meh
Hope you had good luck!
Okay, wearing my "Bazinga!" t-shirt because it's Thursday.
Little Bit Country Special Olympics Free Concert Sept 15,7 pm. Doors open @ 6:30 Donations accepted! Concession stand will be open
Breakfast at the gas station. :-/
Not giving a candy coated fuck cunt.
You are welcome Brianna!
When my computer works Ima spam my twitta!!!!!!
Wow, as much as I don't want to admit it, tonight's episode of Smash on NBC is awesome.
Those quiet people that you're dying to know more about.
yeah I'm straight. I'm on that same program! Been in the gym hard, but I gotta get that diet on point too!!
In a party mood forreal.. Been listenin to reggae all day! Lol
Dean "you're nuts!" RT Dean Kamen- his talk was truly inspiring- he is an American Treasure!
and accordionist Sergei Nirenburg will take you back to Paris. See you this Wednesday. Show starts at 7pm. No cover
Champagne is cliche... Milk is Indy!
I love Leap Day! Who is Ricky Berens?
Also for Dolph Lundgren's #StashHouse also started today! Both movies in Miami at Palace 18 . . .
are you copping those Questions at the end of the month?
Would this be an inappropriate time to ask what that is?
What's the rest of the world think of my WVU Mountaineers?
ha! you don't even have to ask. assuming there will be DIY fireworks, that is.
no his not!!
is your site not working or is it suppose to take you to other links?
I need a name for my "brewery". It's just homebrew but it seems like all the home brewers have a name. Ideas? Thoughts?
amazing voice great personality pay attention country radio or you will miss a star !
nothing. Just annoyed with men.
Pound The Alarm is pretty sick... Killed it.
We've got a table at #Spectrum2012 at #RIT Raffling a one year membership to WAB. Stop by!
It reflects poorly on me that you're my friend
Parked in traffic, trying to get to #sm4np in Seattle sometime today!
I've got your back! RT : i had the worst day ...sent home from work and now I'm CRYING AND UPSET !!!!
If someone breaks your heart just punch them in the face. Seriously. Punch them in the face and go get some ice cream
I just saw #fishlady swimming outside in a pool of #nastyjuices from under her arms.
I get to chill out some today !
Haha, too true!
S/O to a new follower and a friend
Oh dear.
whoooaaa i just a heard the new beat made. this dude stays pushing the boundaries. this don't even sound like him.
and he prob will for first 400 people, we need to get in the first 400!:)xx
It says it's still being processed :(
I wish y'all would have seen how I just flipped out Cus was on tv gasp for breath
So what point spread are you predicting we pound the Steelers by? Go
I guess the park didn't count as a try out?
<-----here RT : Where should I eat lunch in Seattle city center? What can't be missed?
with all that free time i have.
nice to e-meet you. go M's!
thanks for the beautiful words!
@ leah, phase of belief
Happy Birthday, Broski!
"Let's mow Sage's eyebrows" -Said By A Jerk.
Love when a teacher is so lazy niga rather give you same. Work everyday then work he already prepared.
Turn On The Lights Im Lookin For Her
Call that timeout❕
Does you car or truck need some TLC? Give us a call and set up an appt!!!!!
Anyone have good #MMA #knockout videos?
Happy Friday friends! Just come back from a refreshing 15km run. Hope you are all having a lovely morning
Forever wishing I could smile without it looking forced/retarded/creepy..
NIGGAS BEEN HAD MONEY BUT THEY HAD TO TELL ON NIGGAS TO GET IT WOW STOP IT PLEASE SHIT KILLING ME SWEAR
Gonna remove my twitter link from Facebook tomorrow. Confusing
I'm at work
Very glass half full of you!
Dat line damn
@ SteveRudinABC7 I just returned to the DP last week, 1st time in many months. Love it, miss it. Thanks for the rain today, we needed it!
OMG Scott the Alpha is too strong
On to the next one.
my name is ada. daniela? pretty ;)
Now: Eric Rosenberg, Department of Art & Art History, Tufts University #tinnitus (starting with photo of Buffalo Springfield)
You shouldn't have to say sorry for who you are. (: I'm sure your amazing<33
hey everyone, check out , you should definitely follow them for #Shop4Vasculitis coming up next month!
it's gonna be insane tomorrow! I have new bombs just got from Europe to play ;)
"Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep."
If your heart broken #DONOT listen to sad breakup songs! Makes it worse especially the songs "Unbreak my heart" and "Don't Speak"
I'm ready to get a job and to go back to school to get a Bacholars Degree.
Chop Chop Hack Hack
favorite place in the world is Mykonos! Has Jackie O's opened for the season? Cheers
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, I want you to have all of me always. Just have me as a tool in your hand or on your shelf.
Woke up today on a downer, today is going to be fun
Love my family!
Why people are upset that #MittRomney is building a beach house with an elevator? Most of his beach houses don't have elevators!
High Blood Pressure in Pregnancy
hi from Dallas
have fun and be SURE to get there early!
Get the scoop on the latest from from in a video I'm currently uploading. Standby!
So thankful for 👯
Hey! Thanks for the following Veronique :)
Awwwkwwwwward.... (Ha ha!)
All The Greats answered their most burning questions by focusing on their greatest fascination. What is your greatest natural fascination?
which one? i lived there ... geez, 10 years ago, now
#workaholics is some funny shit
lets go then buy ur ticket
#MentionYourCrush he's perfect, that's all.
77 % of shelters (more than 75%) indicate their clients stayed longer in their relationships due to the state of economy
sucks for you
Ok! , where would you recommend I rent a margarita machine? (Your opinion came recommended.)
I just don't wanna talk about it
Book orders from the suggestion box today. Lots of good ideas. Makes me sad when suggestion is a book we ALREADY own.
preaching to the choir here, boys. I'm interested in how you make that process more accessible to folks
With so many upsets how many #Sweet16 teams did you pick correctly?
Jim Dao, national correspondent for the , is speaking now about covering veterans and the military.
being mean gets you more attention just like when picking up girls...on twitter
A big thanks to and along with Tyler Ryan and Dan Sundam for the great storytelling tonight!
I PROPOSE A NEW WAR TO REPLACE THE IRAQ WAR "OBAMA" STOLE FROM US. #INVADETURKEY #rickperry love you Jesus!!!! lol
that only makes you as good at your job as Obama is at his.
Bonding with hot Australian about our crazy #SuperShuttle driver
nice catch on 1st down!
It's WHIRL WEDNESDAY! KDKA's own Dennis Bowman is featured during our segment today. Tune in at 9 to see why!!
Can't believe I almost got arrested for asking a question about he's girlfriend .. Lmfao smh
First day today! I'm exhausted! 23 kindergartners...whew my feet hurt, I always forget where we start from!
can't wait to see you at twickenham <3333
Order sent to Harley in Canada!
Get money, count money, get money
Ray who?
make sure to say hi after the show!
Lets go Mavs =]
Ridgewood Country Club
You got so much pride, until you look into my eyes.
Leather Feather will be somewhere in Oakland tonight. Watch yourself.
The key to safe sex is in the palm of your hand
hey tomoro is my birth day
Just a dash of cinnamon to almost anything...
Feeling no beuno
Hello Final Cut Pro X.
Wishing You A Happy Mothers' Day Weekend, PWI Family!
Congrats to Pam O and Joel A. Your tickets are at the cashier at Andrew Toyota. Sorry - not enough time to mail them out.
Derrick rose tore his acl and out for da rest of the yr Damn
Shout out to for following me.
its looks tight where can i get it 1-4-3
Loved today's LXTV Open House with Sara_Gore! Let the weekend projects begin.
Spend it all on me and my fuckin team.
RT : I really support Tough job. But has to lay down the law. Time to make the game MORE fair. RT if you agree.
I am not one that advocates for the burning of books but right now my anatomy and physiology book is asking for it!
An egg nog latte should not cost $5
ACC officiating is horrible
lmao. I have no clue. Whatever it is PhiPhiOShitty is definitely not fish. Maybe toad but not fish
Thanks! :) It did. We made etons oof eye contact but it didn't mean anything.
“We worry about what a child will be tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today
Finished my track! Excited, what is the best website to upload it to?
Let my love take you higher, cause i still turn to you.
you change it!
haha miss you!!
Jealousy........is a mental cancer.
Shout out to YOUR GREAT! everyone follow him... it wont hurt you just to press follow...
87 degrees in #STL. My office is on the 2nd floor of my house & I'm sweltering. Even the office dogs are panting. Is 4/2 too early for AC?
Thanks. She's got more pep than when she first woke, but still has a fever & cough. Hope it doesn't spread through the office!
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
How can you not sign me????? welp new team here i come...........stupid NHL 12!
Great Information Leading the Surge to Solve the World’s Energy Problems – SURGE Accelerator Begins Accepting Applications Today HOUS
#StraightEdge is for pussies. Fuck all you straight edge motherfuckers.
Looking for holiday events/parties in San Diego that can use photography and would like to help me support St Jude Children's Hospital!
Just had to vomit and flush my eyes cuz some led based paint fell into my mouth and eyes
Pumped for our new site launch!
RT : so here's my number...so call me maybe.
Rained all day in NoVA.... With April Showers like this, it had better bring some darned pretty May Flowers!!!
It's not to early to vote for the Kiss Hot 4! Tweet your votes and he will count them down at 4!
>>retired bad boys young lady!! Ha
Im not single, im in a long distance relationship, MY BOY FRIEND LIVES IN THE FUTURE >.<
Damn smh *look at ground with shame* kobe muhfugg y'all
Boutta head back to sleep for a hour or soo!! Haha
no... he's a douche... he was when i met him
Thanks for following lifecoachharbor! I have a Christ centered to help and inspire betrayed women near publication.
Key question: "Is current content being delivered in real-time, before consumer sees it before someone else?"
Twitter needs a report Spam button. Would make this ecosystem so much better!
these 13 wham hello rochester commercial are kinda creepy.
haha touche! Don't rain on my parade, Thomas :) How was your Derby weekend?
thx for the follow. Go USA and USMS!
Go hard in volleyball
you can still tweet but you can't read tweets -.- lol
Are you ever just sitting in church and just get the urge to twerk sum?
My sweater smells like kool-aid.
Thanks for the follow! Fanfara tonight woot!
Generally there's an underlying vulnerability that causes mortality.
These freshman need to go die and get kicked off the bus.
Hey sissy! How was your week?
yeah.. Whenever you hmu!
So it's always a judgment call. Likely the worst that would happen would be a takedown request.
i missed you;<3
SO LET'S SET THE WORLD ON FIRE~
RT I'm feeling scholarly today, so #FF to and , and for computational linguistics,
Chicken Butt didn't write back to me this morning 😔 I wonder why.
Hello ! Hope you're having a great weekend! Thank you for the shout-out.
Oh no! I was fond of the fat cat. :(
When you see a man opening a car door for a woman it can only mean 1 of 2 things. Either the car is new or the wife is.
As I start to share my blog with lots of new people, it sort of feels like letting the neighborhood go through my underwear drawer...
Not that anybody legitimately cares what I have to say. But just because I can.
not just today - everyday! RT : I win the crazy award for today, for sure. :)
lol yup u guys all miss me dont lie
follow back - we are a community magazine covering Newark and surrounding areas
soon to go to office, video presentation of BFI i will see later im looking forward to it it will be good. Love to all
most unconventional fun right now xD
RT What will the Netflix - Blackberry merger of worthless equals be called: BlackFlix or NetBerry?
Thanks again to Arianna #Huffington for mentioning us on The Daily Show! And thank you to Jon #Stewart for giving us such a great plug!
thnks u too
we'll miss ya tonight!!
i did
"" Relationships these days = 1 male + 1 female + 1 hoe +1 ex trying to mess it up and 1 friend secretly hoping it ends.””
Jeff McIntyre, Children Now, quoting MLK: you can't legislate morality, but you can regulate behavior
1977- #WoodyAllen & Diane Keaton starred in the film “Annie Hall”.
I'm tired of sub tweeters
Usually you need to get to the theatre an hour or so before the show and you fill out a small ticket and see if you get picked.
I swear I JUST did that lmao
I'm only gonna drink on nights I work .. wait that sounds bad..
Yes please! Can we hear your lessons learned?
hey... am 'twittering' for the first time...
Why what's up?
Oh no! I have a wasp nest by my front door!
Friday: Shot funny office industrial and they added an additional day, woo hoo! Saw "the social network" at DGA; loved twin rowers! :)
I guess Osama being dead pretty much seals the deal for obama's second term..well played
Thanks, Heather! :)
...Kavanagh says "You're a shite barman, but you're a great judge of poetry."
I think it's "'D' is for 'degree'". this is what I remember hearing during undergrad, anyway...
Or maybe "I still haven't found what I'm looking for."
Yea only keg. Didn't make much. Going thru fast. I'm going to try to bring some by later in week for you and Monda.
thank u so much. wow
9 times out of 10 if you live in America somebody had to go through some shit to get your ass here.
Nice to be home at this hour, January has brought some great blessings..I will
What's up with these celebrity feuds? You're celebrities, shut up and enjoy.
nope. why?
What happens when a sphere rolls through a box? IT'S A CUBE!
Youre all welcome btw.. RT Your car probably works because of
what is this "world" in John 17 that Jesus isn't praying for and the disciples don't belong to but are now sent to?
looks like the caps get one back. 2-1
If you can get your grandmother to call today or tomorrow and tell us a dirty joke, you can win tix to Judas Priest! 222-6000
Notre Dame blue/gold game....
Turning a heel is magic. Sock knitting is magic. Sticks + string = clothing Amazing!
How far east can you go before you're heading west?
Reminder: we're currently closed for maintenance. We reopen on February 14th at 9 a.m. We'll keep you posted with our progress!
Thanks so much for following me!
Such an awesome performance/talk about deafness. She made me laugh and smile so much!
#reduce #plastic #waste and bring #reusable #bags to the store with you. A quick tip to be #green!
I'm sure the guy driving by had a real good laugh when I walked into a tree branch with my face this morning.
let me get that info for you.
I know it wasn't you man who hacked ya?
Made me think of the 1st open at Bethpage too.
i'm sorry i'm sorry
I keep it real
How does fresh sea bass tickle your tummy, #Albuquerque #New Mexico? We have it!
Sending thoughts & support to Dallas. This is why we need AIA, AfH & all willing architects ready to assist!
I find it completely necessary to sing 'Gimme, Gimme' while I do the dishes.
Users may currently be experiencing some site issues; our engineers are working on resolving this issue.
Yes alarms are going off ):
#FF S/O to my. Fam got great things coming soon!! Check out his website! #RT &
i wouldn't be able to see my catch since I'm blind so Mexico it is!
Pause... i almost forgot i saw Yasmeen's ass on saturday until she popped up on my tl lol. Ahh, we were too faded..
Is it true that Samardo leads the league is sweatiness? Go #Cavs!
Would love to talk to you about this sometime. It's on my summer reading list for sure.
hardest working man in show biz, mr Pratt. Hang in there, sicko!! (ps autocorrect almost caught me at shoe biz)
Just watched "Chronicle". Not bad apart from the teen aspect to it. Nice to see familiar Seattle places :-)
OMG. You need a lawyer just to stay healthy.
same my eyes hurt all day and night
thinks it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly
Sierman KB-NL: Interesting granular preservation policies: high level, intermediate, control-level
I know the feeling. RT : I wish I had more ears. There's so much music and so little time.
Great day! Dinner at Carnivore Milwaukee. Saw Danny Gokey. my client was super excited!
Running errands is expensive, this aspect of being an adult sucks!
Just completed a 30 min workout...2 workouts to go! with
Jus saw rick ross!
If your front toe sticks out your toms....its time for some new ones
Just got rear ended...
Is google down or is it just me...
#MLA - Tom Foxwell presenting new #AdamsRite locks to the association.
heck to the yes
#SonnyRollins, a living legend...
is co-producing a food truck seminar that covers planning, operations, branding, legal formation, financing, accounting, taxation and the p…
Ok where's my walkman? Had to get that out lol
Just mouth olive juice.
PLEASE FOLLOW-?-?-
Things a little slow up your way tonight, duder?
All new SUNDAY NIGHT LIVE WIT SOUNDS BY DJ KENZO. THE NEW AND NUMBA #1 College NightClub
"Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?" ~Lily Tomlin
Goodnight 2 all my followers
You're welcome, Roxie!
our #motto will be: Don't hate me, cause you ain't me(; lololololol #swag #YOLO :D
That was run was horrible. Its not even hot yet either.
"Follow the path of the independent thinker. Speak your mind and fear less the label of "crackpot" than the stigma of conformity"
haha yeah people these days are cray! I'll be in NY Thursday!
they're cutting yetis now. Sh*t's gettin real
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.
Sent a text that was supposed to go to to twitter on accident. Could have been horrible. Good thing it was PG.
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she’s complaining, it means that she trusts you.
Yes, my fingers are crossed. How is your son doing?
So excited to check it out but your second link went to a GitHub 404 page... resend link?
Poor purple piano!! Yeah say that 7 times fast.
I love being a dick to McKayla.
Well im feelin somewhat better today
The #Celtics trail 66-61 going into the 4th qtr.. Watch how many elbows Ivan Johnson gives for the #Hawks I've counted 3 so far
Shannon on AI just sang a Kathy Troccoli song!! Go light your world!! Awesome!!!
Tried 2x to start Game of Thrones series, but no time to finish. One of these winter days...
There will always be a "lie in believe, an "over" in lover, an "end in friends, an "us" in trust & an "if" in life.
That's odd, given that he's sitting here in my office at in Seattle.
looking like pictures will (hopefully) go up tomorrow night.
I'll be there along with I understand the traffic thing though.
Nothing right now really dont feel good anyway
#Somepeopleneedto Talk to us, We can help
So be it! I'll text you when I'm leaving "The Noods."
Perfection! RT : Chicken soup, sweat pants and catching up on #Girls on a rainy Tue night w/
“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning! Inspirational
“: When your #work speaks for itself, don't #interrupt. -Henry J. Kaiser”
Awesome! Is 10/11 in your 'unidentifiable europe available?? So much amazing work...was hard to chose
Not surprised the Giants are winning, they just want it more..... bastards
best way to cook pig heart?
": After you have felt what I have, you'll know why I'm like this."
Aging to Perfection - Eating for Healthy Aging - San Angelo Standard Times
I'm a fucking walking paradox, no I'm not
hey thanks I'll follow them thanks to you
Can't wait to see The Avengers tonight! WOW IT was hard not listening to all the talk about it the last few days
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers but especially to my wife Sherri, the best wife & mother in the universe! I married way above me!
Have you ever wondered if your mom had just got done giving your dad a blowjob right before kissing you goodnight? If not, you are now
I want to know what is in season!
Packing my bags for
Reorganizing my room! :D
Cascades maintenance came by...finally. But, Eric was SUPER nice! Cabinet and fp are both fixed.
Lol He Just Gonna Laugh Watch I'm Serious
Thinks I should have rowed to work!
Home sick with the dog, Annie, and the laundry...
Good Morning tweeps! Listening to French radio to set the tone for my day.
I think we're about the same size...
ready for ya book club!
Currently following an arsenal of filmmakers and videographers!! Follow us back!! And say Hi!
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!!
I am looking for someone who is currently doing a TEFL course. If you meet the description them email me at
not sure how you can justify 1b though.
I'd call Spotify a good example of viral membership, yes, making sure to retain the negative connotation of 'viral' :-)
I wish! But next week definitely.
Happy Friday Everyone!
Help out a #sojuca camper → MT Calling all #illustrators - who wants to design a quick poster for print & html email?
I enjoyed meeting you, and then ambushing you with a frequently asked question. :)
Ah there it is, my fave holiday quote: "Christmas ain't Christmas til somebody cries." Amen Donkey!
Feeling sick--what DID they put in that punch?!!
Happy hump day & thanks gorgeous new followers
Thanks for the RT, Megan!
I am fearfully and wonderfully made!
What's the site about?
Zach Zolman beats Luis Chalas by split decision.
I've been longing for a North Park bagel shop for over 10 years. You're no help.
Not Country Joe and the Fish?
Gosh, I was a stupid freshman.
#librarians - anyone got data on whether getting an insti. membership to e.g. increases the number of faculty publishing in PLOS?
The neighbors know his name ;)
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a time of 14:50 with Nike+ GPS.
Why do you insist on being stupid and annoying?
Sure, will do!
#TheHermanCain is now referencing #Pokemon movie but I am mesmerized by the clock over his shoulder...14:58 14:59.....FIFTEEN MINUTES!
Everything reminds me of you...
Sitting in hampton roads traffic, richmond tied up too. Tough day. Long ride home tonight.
BLOWING DOUGH DOUGH WIT MY NIGGAZ ON THE WEST SIDE. I'll RIDE WIT MY NIGGAZ DAAWWGG
Recruiting a corp #librarian in #DC! Must have MLS and tech services exp. Contact me at !
im following u (: follow back ? (: and i <3 ur name by the way (:
Thanks for the follow, Joey
I can just feel it. Lolol and the video comes out todayy
Slide through the shop 9th and Washington! Just drove by in that red Ferrari. We see you!
wins appeal!! come celebrate !! $2 half pound burgers till 10 and $2 shots from 8-close!!
I thought I was the only one with that problem!
Currently being micromanaged from across the continent.
Happy Birthday to former Blast goalkeeper Dave Kern!
#Knicks should trade Melo and Baron Davis for Pau Gasol. Would be perfect.
Social Media 101 - Watch the 4 minute video by Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
Attending- In Conversation with David Weekley-Founder of David Weekley Homes of St. Thomas Houston-7:00PM
Glad you like it! We are really proud of Ampersandbox, and it was great to work with
Whoop there it is..RT : 40 Oz Night tonight at 240 E Pittsburgh. Dont Be A Menace and Friday on the big screens!
After watching this Shane Mosley fight from last Saturday, Shane needs to go ahead and retire. He's a hall of famer. Now hang it up...
I'm sad you've been quarantined :( we've got alot of time to make up for! Chill seshh outside of work asap (:
I'm thinking about having a bonfire one night, and invite people over. Hmm.. Gotta pick a good weekend to do it.
most ripped off lyrics in 60 seconds ever.
Never skipping skoo
No chruch in the wild!!!
Peter Ustinov~ By increasing the size of the keyhole todays playwrights are in danger of doing away with the door.
heading to NYC this weekend for design retreat/meetings... then taking in Early plays Sunday
I gotta find something to wear
Enjoying amazing Olive Oil ice cream from while watching City-United. Marathon recovery is god...
Supposed To Be Gettin My Hair Cut ... Idk Though
Thank you for the follow!
Wow. Steve Jobs died.
Consuul at revolt summer surf series out at crystal pier in Pacific Beach! Come hang out with us!
RT : MDOT grant would fund new bikes lanes on Trumbull - Warren to Holden. #Detroit looks to close gap - Warren to...
Patricia, thank you for the RT's!
Research-supported strategy, clear & useful #content, respect for our clients. All good.
that was the biggest smile I've had this morning. Thank you. :D
have you ever seen Eastbound and Down? I promise that's worth DLing!
Oh no!!! I hope your husband is okay.
Super geeked for #tattedtuesday ! 💙💙💚 ink my whole body I don't give a muthaaaaaa what
This is an Official Tweet for National Poetry Month, a National Poetry Tweet if you will ...
": Mayer Hawthorne is the best station on Pandora. #np - Ben E. King - Stand by Me" I am 100% in agreement with this statement.
I'm happy for you.
Seeing some tweets saying that the softball size piece of concrete was thrown at the vehicle. Officials have not determined that yet.
Your friend wanted me too, that's why he can't stand me (;
I hope days come easy and moments past slow & each road leads u where u want to go, my wish for u is that this life becomes all u want it to
2012 film watching! #54. 21 Jump Street (Lord, Miller, 2012). Great comedy, i loved it. Great chemistry between Tatum and Hill.
Yes, it must take quite a bit of work, time, & energy! Not to mention post-shooting editing & processing.
love you!!!
Agreed -- I think the "I am a photographer" story was an elaborate ruse. Our stuff may be gone later.
no brainer upgrade over VDN. the team needs defensive coaching badly.
is it raining in Los Angeles, California
I loved the book! Amazing. Can't wait to see the film.
Wow that Bryz trade not looking so good now jeez
#JamieOliver warm rocket salad perfect #valentinesday !
We humans- all livin n a huge black hole. As we try 2 find da way 2 light, we often stumble upon rotten pumpkins, n mystical forest animals
NBA Star and Miami Heat player LeBron James hosting club Shadow Room tonight in Washington DC
If I said I wont your body now would you hold it against me
I'm not lost, I'm just temporarily unaware of my current location.
#ff (Thank you all for the recent follows!)
Hate it when men try to spit game real men dont spit game because they are to real to even play games smh follow me and I will follow u back
That was sort of my thinking. But really it was just the candy part of my brain thinking, not the rational part.
love this!
your welcome!(:
Bruins hangover freudian there on the "draft pucks." Rather than a boner, I feel like I stopped getting punched in the face
Tampa police arrest habitual burglar
Hi Drew- give them a call at the store- they will be happy to help you.
Thank u I was blessed with good genetics but If I fall off I can easily look like a malnourished #TerrellOwens lol
Turkeys in LOVE Park John DeBella of WMGK hosts his 10th annual Turkey Drop to gather food and cash for the hungry.
sleepytime. big day tomorrow.
And the Beta Chapter wraps up for the semester. Many successes. We can't wait till Spring 2011!
design-software.eu » Blog Archive » Guide to the Unified Process ...
College fair tonight til 9 PM at the Poland Springs Arena in Toms River. Great chance to visit 100+ colleges including Winthrop University.
Ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough
Coffee is a heavenly drink. The person responsible for its creation should have been awarded.
Going to school super early tomorrow :D Just for him(:
is that why you were sitting on the court when we started?
Jamie looks like Madame Defarge, furtively making notes in his little "old-school journalism" pad.
The cp3 era was great. No losses and a whole lot of drama. Bring on Dwight
Well they went out
Got a call a couple of weeks ago about a big stash of 45's in Iowa, went to Iowa today and found out what 6,000 Polka 45's look like.
New ConsumerBase Beauty Industry Lists Now Available on Website - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Oregon wins the Orange Bowl...Miami is rocking for the Ducks tonight!
Rebecca Blacks song #Friday on #Glee ! xD oh Hell yeah, that's what's up.
is so pretty
I have this aversion to being one of my students' step-mom.......lol
Um...yeah IDC.
DAM HEY WHATS LONG TIME SO ARE U AND URS STILL GOIN THRU IT
And he's just getting started!! APDTA!!
didn't care much for the fencing?
Welcome back to our hood, Mike!
lmfao dude my graduation speech is not as bad as I thought it would be (; & MAY 22 is one directions first concert here (;
In the future instead of saying "hey toot your horn", people will say "tweet that baby"
"I used to think I was paranoid but not anymore. People would ask me to removed my cell battery just to talk." - Carter
where are you working now?
I really need to stop drunk calling and texting people when I'm drunk 0_0
International hug a bosnian day
- Hey Trae....I'd like to talk about this film in NOLA...need an extra producer. Check your FB and Hot-mail Charlie
Thanks for the DM, but I can't DM you back cause you have to follow me to do that.
Ok guys. My twitter hiatus starts now....
I just felt a moment of "I don't care" again. This has been happening a lot the last few days. I guess I'm over and above it.
Police have suspect in Oakland school shooting.
and i want to reiterate that John's book is tremendous and works great in classroom (imho)
I'm out of chocolate. This is unacceptable.
Willie Street CoOp is a great grocery store for organic
Classic thinking is all about "what is". Future thinking will also need to be about what can be.
Yo forward to our kiddos playing basketball in a few hours...May the best team win! :) #itson! :) (CC: )
I feel so dumb.
I made $11,000 working on sets in 2010 & you don't see me with 'actor' or 'check for me on tv' in my bio.
Thank you!
Don't feel bad, I didn't know either!
And...up the hill I go.
Just moved the car up past the sidewalk. This lightning and thunder reminds me of storms in the Midwest when the tornado sirens would go off
I wish I could help my BestFriend feel better. This week just ain't for her.
Oh, and though you hardly need me to tell you, The Avengers was awesome.
#IfYouWereMineI'd treat you like a princess, talk to you like a best friend, do my best to make you happy, and be a man 💘 (and kiss you) 😘
Completely understood there...I may be off soon as well from here.....
$15.5 billion is sort of like the ultimate beer goggles, though.
Wedding was a BLAST!!!!! Did the Wobble with my best friend! ;D
“We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.” — Aristotle
the other thing you could do for mother's day is watch Kazuo Hara's Extreme Private Eros Love Song 1974
Seriously LOVE #2BrokeGirls BEST SHOW EVER!!!
he signed my tattoo and I just started crying. He was so impressed with it
Now that he plunked Bryce Hot Dog Harper, Cole is okay in my book. Not that it matters but there will be no more Princess chatter from me.
yee that's what i was gonna ask & sorry for the bother :)
gloss up Freddy Couples, that dude is amazing every year at Agusta
my sister wants one too here name is Riley I hate her -.-
geno's is awesome
I can't do this anymore.
i sorry...I usually text first but ya know my teams going far right now...love you hubby
so many people swear by it but I am starting to despise it. I feel like I miss so much and im late on all responses
Hi new twitter peeps!
haha ya..sry I had to eat
need to learn that
Thanks Michael! Say hi to everyone for me ;)
Do you wash your car by hand or take it through a car wash?
All your ever gunna be is mean! :)
Agreed! And more seriously, I hope that the presentation went well.
just sent you a message via f/b too
Nothing like hot soup on a cold day.
White tulips, a get well card, dinner, meds, and now a kiss and tuck-into-bed. Somebody LOVES me, somebody LOVES me.
Thank you so much for your support :)
Stuidy break ... watching "Every Little Step" with Mike Tyson & Wayne Brady on FunnyorDie.com
follow #DallasPinterestParty for live tweets and pins!
I wish I could go to playlist live, I want to meet so bad!</3
No one can rock chachimomma's better than Chachi and Justin Bieber! <3 I better see him wearing them soon <3
Apparently fans are yelling WHAT?! My only question...WHY?!
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative.
the girl with the smile, is the best actress I have ever met.
yeah I was tired when i did the review
Thanks for coming in to visit us. Looks like you have a lovely herd! :)
would u follow back
Merry Christmas to all and too all a good night
wishing my best guy and awesome birthday.
I called & blasted earlier, then checked. oops. Had to leave an apology message. It is good we praise the good votes. Training.
#Kentucky has only won 1 football national championship. In 1950 they went 10-1 and shared the title with Oklahoma, Princeton, and Tennessee
I mean ! haha , also, good luck at erzberg !
"You give them a taste of catfood, soon they come back for the whole cat." -Dwight K. Schrute
tomorrow is my friday!
Knock Knock. Who's there? Samuel L Jackson. Now open this motha f*&$in' door before I kick your head in!
cause they stupid
Goodnight c:
Today is the day I knock it out of the park! (although I would be satisfied with crossing it off my list).
Check out my last tweet... Just getting started!
Go 2 bathroom game&when I return kids r holding paper&pens, I waved,they got mad.I walked back&asked y-they thought I was GBs ARodg!
geez I try to be nice and I get rudeness.. I hope it kills you slowly hahaha
i wanna go but idk if i should
Client development meetings today.
“: #musepub2012 Davis outlines data and downloads of articles on Muse Fascinating longevity of humanities articles
365 days is 1 year.. except for this year. This year has 366.
yes, it gets angry when it sits for too long, besides the heated steering wheel will be perfect for today's chilly weather. :)
The Reach of the Conservation DistList: I receive @ 9:27pm. By 9:50, 83 visits to a URL posted on my behalf. Thanks
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
OK iPhone users - how do I FORWARD a spam text to SPAM
got an email about this (us supporters are special) but I didn't wanna spend $30. Sorry Obama.
got our swanky new Business check card in the mail. Name on it and 'ervthing.
thank you...
ok, this hummus is awesome. Trader Joe fan.
sometimes happens when you're dehydrated--drink lots of water and keep your feet lower than your heart!
Hahaha.! Bus was live today.(:
Coyote Ugly my fav!!
I GOT MY 1D HOODIE TODAY IN THE MAIL!!!!! Yay ya!
#np New Order - Crystal (:
Thanks. Me, too.
i love this half time show!!!!!
Free coffee in S5 if you want it...
Lol I'm amused my darling. :')
is jist beong gay shittin in old peoples mouths
Paper=10. Victoria=0. Conclusion: start earlier.
Mom told me she's going back to school..
"CASUAL WORK ATMOSPHERE" We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up.
If you want to work from home ill show fastest way to succeed at Oxygen4Energy simple #: 712-432-3066 ACCESS CODE: 970467 FEB 8TH 9 PM EST
“: I am across the street...”😱 come on than.
Weekly Poll: BlackBerry App World Accepting PlayBook Apps - Are You Building One?
anti beard nest
When clients & the world truly learn the "REAL WORLD" of Public Relations...we'll all be a lot better off
getting married means you've found someone you want to have sex with forever, it isnt deep but it's true
as with u!
I'll be at Fox5DC studio w pitchfork and torch before frigging post-game ends! This is insane!
Congrats to and on their 40 under 40 nods!
The brain is an amazing organ. It works 24 hours a day, 365 days a year from birth until you fall in love...
Thanks for following me, !
waxing philosophic are we?
yay(: so ready.
can I stream that ish online? I'm in the Mil
Watching my boy do what he loves most! #basketball :)
Cannot believe Junior Seau is gone. Very upset right now.
Reminder, Tomorrow, Monday, Oct. 3 4-6pm, Michael Chorost, "Cyborg Theory and Practice" Lecture in New North 204, Co-sponsered by CCT...
...i thought about it.
We've been in Missouri for over a week working on Kent's mom's house. Having a pretty good time.
Masyia dumb ! Aha .
Im reading Heist by Kiki Swinson
Give respect & you get respect :)
Caught a ride on Discovery this morning
all I hear is talk.
I'm really enjoying Chunks! It's so addictive. Great job! :-)
My class is K-2. My kid is 12. If I don't see "my kids" during summer, I'm going to miss them like mad.
I second you and WF, Katrina...Lived and worked there from '91-'98 - warehouses, factories, driving...
oh you know that's why
DAM!!!!!! ILL LOSE MY MIND.. ILL TWEET U TO COME BABYSIT LMFAO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Thanks Steve. Your leadership style was absolute, but your sense of artistry, technology, and user intuition will be forever unparallaled.
that's what the hell I'm talking bout...
So if we're replacing dead musicians with holograms does this mean we can do away with Sublime with Rome?
nothing much chillin that's all how about u
also who makes an exam which the historical average is 40%. doesn't that throw up some red flags
hahahahahahaha. so, mulder went to the blanket basket and pulled out his snuggie. officially, its wintertime.
Just wanted you to know that you seem like a complete gentleman, and whatever girl you get is very very lucky to have you.
Who's excited about the NBA starting back up? Me!!!
I know but I have to study
At joes crab house, enjoying brunch. Koolbeans start to the weekend
Oddly enough, I leave a lot out of tweets here. Limited subject material. It would feel good to have a fresh start I think?
On my way home from camp! 😁
If you didn't already know, #Brewers play #Cubs at 2pm on WGN. Now you get to see what I see!
I like that plan ;)
Drake just asked me for my number.
Hi Nicole. Thanks for the follow.
... I Love the piercing you have near your eye- Did it hurt!? And how long did it take to completely heal?
I'm thinking Witch Doctor for Diablo I.
we all know the way to gain is to follow! RT for that good ol' follow
Read more learn more change the globe
S/O to my newest follower <3
I had never seen the video until they spoofed it on Saturday Night Live...that made the video interesting!
want me to bust in? that should get you an F!
text me.
RT : The Avengers was so good definitely 4 stars 🌟🌟🌟🌟
WHUT?! Pusha T is gonna be in the ICT? Heck Yes!
Great day in #tallahassee today - more committee meetings tomorrow. Stay tuned for more info on my bills!
Have you ever noticed that your praying tapers off when you have a guilty conscience?
Don't forget about Mail Monday this week! Send an email to
Love is good!
I'll know the answer to that in a little bit, I will get back to you
Happy Birthday!
hahaha!!! He would snap at small children!!
my other life.. trying to stay humble about it but you caught me.
we all need to be humbled from time to time. It's what makes us work harder for what we want in life. Keep ur head up buckets
RT Trust me when I say that there is no better place or school on the planet than the University of Cincinnati You'd love it
Metta just knocked down collision & harden like if it was cake!
Great 2 see the Steelers utilizing all of our offensive weapons including the Slant Pass plays & Polamalu is back! Looking good 4 playoffs!
Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the 10% rule only applies if there IS a final during finals week, too.
achieving #WorkBestie Status today was a milestone in my book.
We don't know who the next #sdmayor will be, but we've sure loved working with & are grateful for his support.
RT "You must of been in the club" : He messy
Oh God, Your On Your Own Lol
I seriously had this water on the stove for over a hour... And its still not boiling!
Strawberry Banana<3
When I google my name Treys website comes up im cool
well if u don't like that show then don't bother tuning in tomorrow.
How did you post to twitter with G+?
Beyondthescoreboard.net this Chris Paul move may pay off quicker then I expect for the
thays what I do and she cant yell at me for it! :-)
Sporting News: Kawhi Leonard receives one first place vote and finishes 4th in the ROY voting.-wp
damn near forgot abt that track
Pigeon Pecks? There you got Picks but the pun to boot.
Not sure what you mean. Your JSON serialized should be quoting the names. Which one are you using?
seriously great question: why has "God" never answered an amputees prayers for their limb to grow back?! That would indeed be a miracle...
Havent been on twitter for a month I think....feel so lost Dx
I'm on my level
Spent some time with the Lord of War today. Such a smart guy. Always a pleasure.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 49
Go Colts! Good start! I hope they keep it going!!
What's going on tonight people?!?!
Awesome Artful day at ArtWalk on the Street! We are Thankful for the sun! Check out ArtWalk venues on Sunday 12-5pm!
...but what it would mean to say it is 'real' or 'fake'?
bender poppin pills
Numerous Time Pickles Equals 3 Cats And @ Mouse
#Amen!!! So glad you're here! The youth can still do it! We're about worship!
Yo next time i need major permanent!
sent wines from & John Duval for Wine & Roses. They'll be pouring wines at the Tasting too! Thank you!
bc your a loosa duh!!
This sunburn on my chest is killing me 🔥
Im definitely voting for Rated Next Generation!!
Bout to be a good night
Don't let life pass you bye...without seeing all the things you should be ♥grateful♥ for...
How Soylent Green Was My Valley
Dinner tonight staring my sister's birthday kick off.
I wish I was British. British accents are attractive. ;D
It's on days like this I wish I had air conditioning. Not looking forward to coming home to a 115 degree house tomorrow.
Who talks on the phone nowadays.. Really..
image in by Justin - should be up shortly. Also I'll try to get links to photog pages on the slideshow soon.
At English Ales. If dude finds my mug it'll be a fucking miracle.
Me neither. I thought Rue was absolutely perfect (sob!). Cinna too.
Officially going to record 2nd project in Apr at Sharkbite Studios *LIKE*
Eating my way SAFELY thru the Food Allergy Conference! Yum! presentation GREAT JOB!
Florida State trustee may have lit the fuse on a potential move to the Big 12 - YAHOO! Found on Bing
We will pack #china with an ad attached inside billions of
Urgent client request cancels my trip to VMworld...bummer. Always glad to help though. Will be looking for good information from you all
may as well throw marketing in the count
keep calm and LOVE WOOL.
Hunger Games tickets at the IMAX?
It's a holiday tomorrow, but we're still working ... and our service call fee is still just $29!
Haha, well played! But you leave #ChickenRun out of this!
It's instagram for me too right now especially since the images can be syndicated to fb & twitter
Red Sox have short list of candidates
": Accolics Love Candice. For the wonderful barbie vampire and one of the sweetest person on this Earth." :)
ha ha I bet he will be a vegan eating tree hugging lover black dude calling to defend them homos
We're totally getting really weird with sometime soon.. like... baby oiling each other for gang vocal sessions.
Awesome! We love having you fine gentlemen!! ": - Love being part of the familia! :)"
#Soccer training for the boys tonight. 6-7:30 session only.
no where except scandalizing d students.
Trendsetter will be Tweeting live from the floor of this afternoon so put on your play clothes! (Are those still a thing??)
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 1O
Are there movies other than the avengers?
I definitely will babe
Devote a great deal of time talking to buyers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies do not listen to their buyers.
ducks ducks ducks ducks, quack quack quack quack, zoom.
I get to go home, unpack, pack, then drive to west palm tonight. I'm starting to miss my room in Orlando right about now 😞
Do you know long it takes google+ to send an invite after someone submits it for you? I still haven't received mine yet.
