Mr Mathers- did this happen? World Team Poker's Inaugural Event, new television series, on FSN. first air Sunday January 2, 2011
thanks for RT
You and I would be a good match. :)
Just got the best hug of my life from :D
Billy madison #$W☆G
Congratulations lady, you drive a brand new Lexus. That doesn't give you the right to be a fucking bitch to everyone.
“: Indy or Pacers, who u got?”
Anytime, & anyplace ;)
Well, yes, but that means that there are NO women involved in the core project. (btw, are you really being contentious?)
What ppl will do to save 10mins in their commute RT : Driver cited for using mannequin in fast lane on 35W
Great "creator" idea: design animal w/ talking fingernails. Or better yet: the "nails" are parasites. Now THAT'S a symbiotic relationship.
There’s no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason. ♥
Man somtimes u think life is good to u but it isnt if it its that u can make it urself how u want it see thats why im inspired by Victoria J
woah. that's awesome!
Road trip! See you all in Florida after a quick 24 hours behind the wheel.
Loves being a poor , lonely, stressed out college student....-_-
not mine i just sometimes get in one of those moods where i wanna listen to depressing music . .what u watching?
howdy hope all is well!!!
RT How great is it when your favorite client commissions u to create art as holiday gift for their clients? Supreme gratitude!
RT : Michael Jackson did lose any chocolate, he just added vanilla . . .
Finally managed to get all my code changes split-up into logical commits in my repository, overnight. Exhausted now though.
There are very very few times when an artist follows up an album i LOVE with one even better. has done it w/
The Kid's dance class has every shade of blackness--including white.
If you follow us and are wearing blue in your Twitter profile pic, you probably got a follow from us today.
How did this article not win a Pulitzer?
Steen responds that he's the best shot the Sons of Anarchy have at the belt so he has all the power right now.
I often wonder if ad-men are on drugs when thinking up commercials. That would explain SO many things!
The only thing worse than LSU itself? An LSU fan.
Opinion: Chandler mayor takes virtual dialogue deeper Social-media workshop advances the dialogue on improving neighborhoods.
If were not following you and you want us to, just ask! Well gladly follow ya :-)
omg no!
there is no debate, never was... GB will always have it
How's the new beer?
very moved by Coltrane's recording of "Dear Lord"
Looking forward to staged reading of Tartuffe perf. arts center today. Hypocrisy never gets old.
I just discovered this little gem. Wow.
La im on my way home... Can't wait to get back:-)
Much of the ills of the world has its roots, I believe, in parades.
2 hours 28 minutes until on the ground at SEA. Over Wyoming now
140 likes! YOU ICONiacz are just GRAND! ~Ashley
yeah..just how expensive is it to live there?
right on dude!!! We don't put up with that crap! :D
Agree! Well done everyone! :)
YouTube Tuesday on BGP - promote your YOUTUBE link for $50.00 - sent to 170,000+ people. E-mail for more info.
would be mine too if I did t have so many problems. :/
lol... I thought you meant follow for follow:) thank you!!!!!!!!!!
So if there is no comparison...Why do we still keep comparing? Secretly giving and taking away points...of #heart and #mind?
Last break before my crazy summer of morning SCRC ref desk and afternoon interning at Cornell library begins.
Great... I can't wait to put it up on the site!
That time of day again, work time!! Woo -_____-
sure :D
ha! What was there to compare? size? shape? slope?
Apparently Olivia had already given her first blow job before our guest tonight was 2. Or I think we're alone now came out
So cool! I don't mind the cause of John Henry Neumann going fwd, either, tho all celibates, as usual.
Greatest fear? Just now acquired: Knowing when I'll die. Please lord just spring it on me.
: i know
Will there ever be a and collaboration
“: Happy hour anybody? Let's go” just an hour of happy? LOL
It was only a sunny smile, but like morning light it scattered the night & made the day worth living. ~F. Scott Fitzgerald
Most definitely! I was kidding with that response.
Wonder why I keep getting twtr mentions that are totally irrelevant?
.... this morning y'all talking that shit bout my pen nigga
Due to an overwhelming response to the G3 Royal Benefit, we are moving to a larger venue! The Bertrand Delacroix Gallery 535 W. 25th St., NY
favorite band?
#dalailama 2.7 billion ppl "left behind" poorest of poor
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3
still debating I should ahaha
Some you girls be falling for that shit guys say wen they kno your vunerable,actin like they care to put themselves in a better position HA!
The best thing to do when something in your life doesn't go right...would be to stay strong and try to move on.(:
We will be in Metro Center at Healthsprings on Mainstream Dr from 11-130.
The word of the cross stands in contradiction to every human attempt to determine how God should act. Dr Jeon commenting on 1 Cor 1.18-25
happy birthday, we'll have to have a drink soon to celebrate
Cause you my boo thang always ") you know who I am talking too «3
A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books. ~Walt Whitman
"You've got it all figured out don't you?" Nope. But I learn fast.
I love how FB has become so slow, but G+ is so super fast. FB may be trying to upgrade right now, but it's just pushing me away atm…
RT : It is baseball season and we have great #rockies gear for the
& I 100% agree with you even though this topic is like a few days old lol
That awkward moment when a client butt dials you leaving a long VM drunk and slurring.
good morning :)
618A TWO small pistols in black plastic carrying case #618A TWO ...
"T Swift" is an incredibly clever nickname.
Perfect day for Rock Steady & Chablis. Piuze & The Maytals?
- You should look at the pix. This is the quickest I have seen people respond and post!
This has been a long week.............and it just started all over again
Well that sucked.....
Sat. we're launching the biggest inner city social media/video sharing project ever @ Fatherhood Initiative. Check it out. GetAtYou.org.
I hope Man City get relegated next year.
Can't worry over what the authoritative figures do. We do the best we can and give 100% and let the chips fall where they may
Hey girl I got my tix for tonight, but i got GA so I'll try to get up front. Have a good show!!
Thank you! Strappy and gray. :)
Holy whistles
Amish guy shopping at whole foods.
Everyone check out our Facebook page and don't forget to like it while you're there! WWW.facebook.com/ALMFPromotions
Zack!! i love him <3 he is so cute
yeaah and even if she ends bailing out, we can still chill :)
Samples and Drops are up now! Check out all the awesomeness at #productionvault!
Life- everyday is a holiday! Enjoy it:)
Big win for property. I think the cup should go next to our REBNY awards.
": High school was so much easier than Twitter."
Looking for a night out? Try the 1933 Lounge upstairs between St Elmo's and Harry & Izzy's. This speakeasy feel will jazz anyone.
Strapped for startup jobs New partnership creates dazzling high-tech classroom Starbucks is now When your!
Google & Apple do not play well together & it drives me insane. I want to teach them to work together like I teach 1st graders!
happy birthday and happy Easter vinny! your such an inspiration to everyone! have a grand day!! love ya<3 :)
Sorry AIIM Content Management Boot Camp. I have a nasty cold, so I'm going to miss today's #Dallas sessions. Someone take good notes!
The answer: Professional Learning COMMUNITIES and Professional learning NETWORKS.
Benjamin- thanks for RT- have a great weekend
Just booked a trip to Jamaica! :-)
Rillo then my pillow
Finding a positive headline in the news is a likely as me getting Trey Parker to take me out for my birthday next weekend...Ain't happenin!
Sweet article man! It got a little preachy, but overall really cool information, especially since we may be redesigning our site
Its estimated that by jan 15th 90percent of everyone who's make a new year resolution has already broken them
hahaha... I love that word.
I should've kissed you. Automatically thought of the boys.(:
that was awesome! And you beat me to it lol
I wish was awake..freaking early bird!
Make sure to come out this Thursday at 6:00 for our opening of Totally Cool Totally Art's teen art exhibition!
Communication researchers investigated the frequency, importance& method of parent-teacher comm. Read about what they found...
Who's coming to party tonight?
I hope it's the noise I'm missing right now bruh!
My life complete with mint choco oce cream
that's the one I saw a few weeks ago and asked you about!
Unexpected Sex Is Always Cool
I'm at enso downtown tulsa they bangin that wiz ok I feel that jets plane gang
Good to see the #Avs offense killing it!
Lindbergh station at a coffee shop..
Its obvious you tryna strive with me. Well good cos im over and abo
If I'm not guilty, I'm not sitting back to give someone the option to judge me...I'm defending my name..period.
I'm with you, I need a daily schedule, too! You really do a lot, Danelle... I'm quite impressed (:
follow back
Yoooo meet me at the latte place when you get off the train, bbyqurl
Family time!
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so dramatically so you can see things you’re conditioned to ignore.
" We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity" we all agree its me ^.^
Life gives chance to everyone, we just have to wait for our turn.
Don't miss the last sex trivia of 2010. The prizes from and will make your NYE way more fun!
don't give up, you're almost to the end! you can DO IT!
Love this quote! "If children do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn." Rita Dunn
TOP OF THE LINE ENTERTAINMENT
A2: I think the relationships should be cultivated throughout the year, not just at peak seasons.
i honestly never thought i would outlive #DickClark, RIP big homie!!! #AmericanBandstand!
Looking forward to your #TEDxGR talk today!
2012 National Champs. Does UNLV even have a final four in the last 15 years? Lmao y'all are about as big of has beens as fUCLA.
New imaging populated air waves...
RT : I love how it smells outside right before and after it rains
If you're in downtown #seattle be sure to check out Blue Thunder & the Sea Gals at FOX Sports Grill!
I think once i do get married and start walking down the aisle ima cry like a lil punk ass...but i'll be happy about it ^_^
keep on readin i aint quitting
Hahaha, nice.....welcome! It's fun. :)
thank you! I'm so thankful! Hope you're doing well!
Trying to brainstorm my next #HR blog post for #blog. Hmm.. What should I write about??
i want popcorn. who wants to see a movie this weekend
Omg Bon Iver just shouted out Eau Claire, WI! Love it!!!
"Look, I don't know! I mean, when I was with Earl, I was thinkin' of you....yes!"
bring your sid shirt their is a game !
If U lined up all the #Blackhawks & #Coyotes to pick a team... You'd be 5 or 6 players deep before u took a Yote!! Cant lose to these guys!
Yeah. Thinking Jinja. Or Sipi, though that may be pushing it.
Looking forward to library book discussion today on The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the #Vikings are getting 2 additional picks? Great haul if I'm getting this right.
Best of Seattle!
RT : Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success - Henry Ford
Trouble countdown: two days to puppy. :)
E-waste Recycling... April 10, 12-4pm. Fairchild Tropical Garden. Great idea!
Not looking pretty but 15 points in 6 matches feels fantastic! Need to keep grabbing points while teams are unsettled and finding their way!
over dressed & under age?
Hiring counter staff. must be available weekends and a couple weekday shifts. part time!
": As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp."" Derps of the US, I salute you.
so I hear in going to get to see you tomorrow. You're speaking at Westridge? For the wellspring event?
Good night.
I was a sports reporter last year but now I'm on the Board of Campus Publications, which just oversees the newspaper & yearbook
My ear is peeling....weird.
your an inspiration, it makes me feel like my dreams aren't so unreachable after all...
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death” ~Albert Einstein
Hi i just want to tell you that you are such an amazing dancer.:D "Never stop dancing,always believe"
Someone just asked me if I'm sitting in the chair next to me. #FFS how big has my ass gotten lately?
i feel like the SOLE purpose of the Wiz is to Dumb us down we need some real music in this city
#Breaking. North Carolina voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
I'm pretty sure I'm sick
Next up for Timbers: Columbus Crew. We'll have pair of tickets up for grabs Sunday at 6pm on Timbers In 30.
Ha, we do go and see one moive a week :) and one movie… Thanks for spotting that, just an involuntary typo
gave a great harold show tonight!
haha that is awesome. The girls at the store missed me.
Take peace, God is not through with u yet. When all done, u will be better than u already are, no matter the circumstance. God Bless.
Speakeasy's "Drowsy Chaperone" extended two more weeks. Wry, comedic fun with chops. A must see!
Mercy I need to have this baby so I can drink some of these cocktails you're jabbering about...drooooollll...
Dear TIME magazine: Nope, I guess I'm not "mom enough" (whatever that is). Did I mention I'm doing PhD work on representations of maternity?
To be a "passive archivist" is to have a near-native understanding of obsolete formats, translating them into an active digital language.
Hear the mom talk about FOUL BALL GATE at the Rangers game. Couple snagged a foul ball from her son. WHO IS 3!
lol I love u :)
she's kind of a big deal.
I saw it again Friday after work. I contributed to the 200 mil.
hey hey hey
Every effort I made was finally matched by yours and things are better now <3
Seeing all these people getting their cap and gowns really freaks me out. Only 3 years left
My life would suck without Jesus in it!
wait.. what?haha
well idk what type of tixs they gave u. I no wen my friend won a diggy tix, it was pose to b vip but I wasnt
700 + credit score NOW!!!
Sometimes I hate doing projects with people..especially when they don't do anything and "Forget" about it
I love when people honk when you go through tunnels (:
tell aunt B I said hey and I miss her
Too cute! What a nice friend you have.
then Canada hopefully(:
Hey! I'm going to #SITweetup & I think I graduated from Ithaca w/MrJoeSterne. Small world!
Where all the early morning tweeters at?
is off watching UFC and I'm winding down bc I'm opening at work tomorrow... hoping to get more than 6 hrs sleep for a change
I hate to admit it, but I miss you :/
ha! understandable. think I dislike those less than "check your email" & "check your voicemail" messages.
Doing our best to make promotional video...any suggestions?
thanks for reccome song my article :)
Today is an ok day for me head hurts. Can't wait till I'm off 40 minutes then home I go. Can't wait
come by Dino for some wine when you're done!
bro the marlins games would be sold out every night if he was here
Roger Patterson preaching on King David and using a Facebook profile to illustrate friendship. Notes on my ipad and posting in realtime.
Katycats need Katy Perry I'll help trend this for all my Katycat friends (:
Dr Lupo is please to announce her completion of the 7 month Botox study on crow's feet
I use more hairspray in one day than normal humans use in a month.
Am I a Muppet or a Man? Your're an Academy Award Nominee! Yay!
- hate how girls always be addin pics on fb from left to right bu they say in their statuses " im so ugly " =/ ... - WHY THE FUCK U ADD PICS
football who bombs today?
haha, thanks for tweeting, and for reading!
wow that looks awesome! Too bad I never know if I'll ever see tots again
Where Olympic meets the 405 is the butthole of traffic.
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!! NEW VIDEO'S, NEW PICS, NEW QUIZ, NEW POLLS, NEW MOJO TV CLIP! GO CHECK IT OUT! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Thank you very much, Nikki Schmutz, for your support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
and birthday twins? How fun! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Ew, Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've actually had.
This new #FamilyGuy is KILLING me!
Preparing for today's webcast!
Zumba class missed you today
just like old times Wilbon, where's Andrew Toney when I need him!
miss lucky i got two weeks left hows home?
sorry if I do that sometimes
a decade under the influence
two massive slices of pizza GONE.
How can we find out more about this?
Great meeting with the media team
Happy Birthday ,i love you so much
Love feeling my
Uttering 'Om' a spiritual seeker remembers everything in the world as Brahman alone.
my girl the only brunette/latina in the top 5! #1 was only fitting for someone as sweet & beautiful as u
only my I-F yearbook.... Everything is safe a dry
thanks for the follow(:
:) hm dm me songs and we'll make videos for em' ;D
You know it's Monday when you look in your car mirror and notice that you only put eyeliner on one eye.
aight wait till tmaw I got you
did I ever reply to you?D:
Saw the #Exempla St. Joe's mobile mammogram RV this morning on my drive in--a great reminder to do self exams and remind my friends!
Got a lot of people behind me
Yoo still want the yanks jersey?
Got slapped in Frisbee tonight. Bright red handmark. Oh not on my face. My arm. The guy would still be dead otherwise.
Funny, for some people Cinco de Mayo is just St. Paddy's day with Dos Equis.
Jasmine! What up?
Had a great lunch at Discovery World and learned more about the work of Meta House!
Win. Fun. Tickets. Live @ the Vic Theatre this Saturday. Sold Out Show. BUT u can go here 2 get hooked up:...
Just over 19 years later getting engaged (and married) was still the smartest thing I ever did. Good call.
wish I could say the same
When your bestfrieind becomes family. <--- my sister
Great meeting today w/ Amazing brainstorming session on how 2 help Latino access
Waiting for this day to b over.... :-(
What Eric Howard heres from his window "Here by the river, between the train yard and the freeway (a quarter million cars per day)."
Seriously? Poor planning!
Peyton is an emotional disaster and a class act. It's a perfect storm.
Come on pacers
Hm. So are the data objects I download as e-books in-physible?
I'm in need of a math #tutor who's trying to help me? (sigh) more help!
can i move out of ohio yet or?
oh wait, thats what i eat, nevermind
Mike's on his way to President-Elect Training (PETS) for Rotary in San Jose this weekend. Jan-Pro Sac is proud of you MIke!
I have a secret :P i don't feel comfortable keeping it. Ughughugh
hm :( but she looked fine...I thought I was worst then her, well I hope she's feelin better cause that feelings a bitch
Stuller: Amy Poehler's Leslie Knope character on Parks and Recreation is the best!
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force. - George Washington
Huh im FUCKING BORED
#randomthingsmyfriendsays "if u were a robot you'd be eva,only pink,and I'd be Zeus from Real Steel... Hm thanks?
For this, I'm not going to jail but I'm sure gonna go to hell.
fit challenge... get fit with me. we can work out the money
I like avi
The child that is the hardest to love is the one you should love the hardest!
Want more Followers [ ] and you might get more followers!
I had too!! I keep sayinh it outloud!! RT : STEALER!!!!! RT : Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
I think I just purchased my last newspaper. Sunday version of the AJC was so thin the $2.50 I paid for it seemed sort of pricey.
My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack!
It's been too long, when do you want to grab lunch :)?
I might do that! I've been meaning to check your place out since told me about it!
Leave Florida! I need a roommate come May 1st! ;)
I may be the queen of hearts, but I'm gonna be the queen of your body parts ;)
political inversion: followers should be followed. Followed should follow. My question: why you don't follow?
Governor Walker got more votes in an uncontested primary than Barrett and Falk combined. Boom.
He will open a door for you soon, we're with you. Please see our prayer-app www.birdofprayer.org thank you
PT kicked my ass today. #Misfits and #ChaiTea for a relaxing Friday night!
One of those hashtags was for you, ha ha.
yes it was ...brown n big jk jk lol I'm tripping
haha oh.... But San Francisco in general!?
Oh. My. Goodness. Creepy dude next to me macking (very unsuccessfully) on the flight stewardess...
Every country is ruled by popular opinion. There is no such thing as a truly 'free' country. If popular opinion is ignored, there's a revolt
#GetHoodieAllenOnFallon Do it , get on your show!
Pet peeve: bands who make you wait for 1.5 hours to start house show so the can go get ice cream. I'm an old lady, I guess.
AH for shame! We'll be sure to party extra hard w/ in your stead! See you at !
Nice! Looks like a real cool location. Hope shooting goes well!!
oh it was nothing and lol when??
RT : Calling today "white Wednesday" cause it's only fair
Any chance of a Valentines Res for 2 ANY time after 7 Thanks for your time!!! Peter.
Dallas, TX
thanks for the shout out!
My main point vis a vis #IOT is that we need to approach policy by *broadly* considering how mkt structures impact competition. Thoughts?
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks! Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 36
Giving your parking deal a shot for tonight's Mobile Meetup! I have my code ready to go.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
let me know I will save you a hoodie and shirt
yeah me to ill make you a great cheesesteak
i seem to like dudes named marcus this the 4th one in a row.
#history #museum #historical Tuesday History Quote: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself – FDR - 1933
wow one more day ;( #9/11
yo, can you play Far From Ready by ? much love for the fans ! :)
3D rendered games are extremely effective but a child's ability to grasp concept is highly dependent on cog development
The only part of life I'm sure of is the one I share with you.
I can't believe we have February Camp next week. Time is srsly flying by like whoa.
I'm curious to see Apple's next move. Predictions?
knowing the requirements of the charges I think its fair. Zimmerman misses the premeditated portion of 1st degree
Both sound good. RT : If God sends you to the edge of a cliff, only two things can happen: either He will teach you how to...
#WordPress #Tools AddThis Sidebar Widget – Adds RSS info and social bookmarking links to the sidebar.
ya it's easy.
Very interesting quote that I found posted..
What time is the ustream?
Thats how a true Champ does it (:
watching this Trayvon Martin case on BET..smh it's crazy
Listening to all day and doing homework. My windows open, and it feels like summer:)
Beginning to think working at home today would've been a good idea...
Not going to the library no more at far
#OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Good for you and the environment!
I know that I didnt turn that fountain on. Wtf.
I am glad you overcame the bullying. What made you stand up and how did you do it? :)
no doubt
email sent, thanks again:)
Taking a walk on the beach today.
I hate how everywhere I go I have to get 2 meals to feel satisfied.
Stay updated with BlueMonster by Following us on Twitter:
I just need somebody to loooveee<3
Just about a perfect morning here in Dumbo. Excited for my first with Jamie Salka
he should follow me back
The lakers need some help like right na!
RT Last builder's meeting! #FPAC20 is just around the corner! :")
Stop treatn the RIGHT ppl WRONG and the WRONG ppl RIGHT Cuz in the end it's the RIGHT ppl that's by ur side whenever things are going WRONG!
Deadliest Catch is great, but it was better when Capt. Phil Harris was alive.. #R.I.P. Phil!
Oomf mad at me for no reason.... smh
shit shanley, that's all you had to say
Finally made a twitter! :)
Almost at 900 likes! :) Which means another song will go up!!!!
lets go Pacers!
VLJ's Consumer Law Clinic is happening right NOW! Do you need assistance or know someone who does? RSVP for next week's clinic!
Ok maybe just a couple of drinks 2 shots of whatever
its okay , i love me some justin<3 lol
it's ok money wise but I work wit a bunch of Mexicans who only speak Spanish
Max Gentleman being a character in the next Fifty Shades of Grey sequel.
Somewhere someone is looking for exactly what you have to offer
Got 'em on my ride. “: Spinners are back in style?#somebodylied”
Enjoying some amazing pupusas at the brooklyn flea w/ the bestest!
not really. He was an a-hole, thrift, and wife beater.
S/O to and all my new followers... mention me and i'll foll u back..
Next time! I was only there for the traffic and roadside refreshment...
Dear GIS experts, developers and freelancers GIS users and companies are waiting for you to develop some tools.
YES! Way to go Cap'n Mal! RT : Castle got renewed too? Can the cancellation streak be over?
lol lucky(; & i didnt go cause im sick. hahaa
Thanks, i might change it tho and make different ones
Debating whether to go to the game or not..
where is Nosa?
She's not his mom.
I don't know how old I'll be when Leroy Jenkins stops being funny, but it's not 35.
i know but that when i write fast, sorry haha xD
Yeah I def took it easy last night. Paper for school due tomorrow and I can't stay awake
Hoping mamma bring some salmon so I can smash!
bring their own decks to each table?! What games they have running and is it busy there?? glgl
New York City: Tolerant of your beliefs; judgmental of your shoes
Looking like a sunny weekend in Seattle (70+). Happy you all are getting a taste
enjoying a Yards Brawler right now.
Cannot wait to watch UK get beat.
I need your help and so do your friends and family. Free book. www.ucanbefitover40.com/help-me
That's so awesome! Glad SF is agreeing with you! We make it down occasionally, will keep you posted :)
Bummer again. Unfortunately we can't remove the batteries of our main system. Worse is when some drunk pulls the hotel alarm.
Oh but its only life.! I just came to let you know.!
We wish you all a spook-tacular Halloween today; be sure to keep your little ones safe and warm while...School party today 1:pm
I just killed a helpless chicken with my bare right hand. I'm a bad person.
message me now!!
Chinese mathematicians knew about Pascal's triangle at least 900 years ago. Do you know the Pascal triangle?
In honor of National Etiquette week, I am going to bow when greeting you, I will not chew gum, and I will not blow my nose in public.
Careful when hiring a social media manager. Most think "playing around with Facebook and Twitter" is a career.
Got softball practice im in beast mode right now!!!!!!
Gonna get my belly button repierced hopefully this weekend.:P Lol
CRUD being the only pattern supported by REST, I think we are done.
my bitch
I feel 10 lbs thinner in a dress vs. jeans. I need more dresses! Especially if it's going to continue to be 80 degrees like today.
Does one of these indoor guy volleyball players have on BOOTYSHORTS!?!? Why the hell do I still have this on???
Good for you! I'd still keep a weather eye out for 'em, though. One never knows . . .
Busy fun day on the ranch, come join the party...
Who doesn't love a drunk viewing of Sleepless in Seattle with your best friends of a Saturday night?
through wardrobe fashion selection, Hair and Make up/Skin Care.
just one of the many reason I love you, Twin
Also, able graduate assistant will continue to manage in my absence to keep you abreast of museum happenings.
Welp, the ladies have spoken: Pockets on dresses are great.
En route to Madison Square Garden!!
A Thai-born US immigrant was again cleared by an appeals court of the 1991 murders at a Buddhist temple in Arizona.
I do weird things like tell myself "If I run today, Tigers will win/ Boesch HR". U can try your flashing thing
We really need to score on this drive.
#Together and #AllNightLong love this songs :) #DemiStayStrong #love her voice :)
Have you seen King Tut @ The Children's Museum of Indy?
Not surprising. RT : James McDonald in the on-deck circle if Alvarez gets on.
hey were here ready for the race here in Richmond, is the race still on for tonight??? let me know!!! Thanks!!!
Monta Ellis is a great addition to I wish they would have gotten him earlier. Great performance tonight tough loss.
Aww Milly crying cuz he don't wanna go to Mexico. :o
you guys still there?
you need to check out Pappa Joe's in Brandon, they have the best pastrami & turkey sandwich.
Suddenly after Cake & TUTM Remix. RT : I didn't know some of you liked Rih all of sudden I mean ...
Ill cut off my ears before I hear your advise
Aw :) Just don't get involved in any sports scandals or I'll hafta interview u lol RT : #SomeoneIWantToMeet ! In time
So pumped!! My favorite dj and club!!
Good morning South Bay, I'm hosting office hours at Otay Mesa-Nestor Library today!
do you think that this is a wake up call for our guards to step up or is it just a formula the Clips have to beat us?
The Media? There must be a newspaper or TV reporter or enterprising blogger who could help...
So fun watching the Rangers whoop the Yankees!!!!
New Meat Beat Manifesto EP coming out September 14th. Looking forward to hear what Jack is up to. Full length Answers Come in Dreams Oct. 12
It's Friday tomorrow ☺
Awesome! Send us the link! RT : that was great. thanks for sharing - I just started a tumblr page:)
Thanks for the info Justin - we'll look into it.
christianity facts
yummy smoothie!
I hate the fact that you feeling I want you to feel better
Love the new icon! So pretty!
Johnson is reading contemporary reviews of Beethoven, Wagner and others. They were brutal! Nice bit of perspective.
Next question RT : They let me in the club with whatever Forget the dress code.
Girls with boyfriends <
I literally just wanna stay outside all day.
I want sleep ,I'm sad and sick :(.!! This sad Bye guys XoxoVane LoveyouGuys thanks for follow me<3<3
really? Funny. Thought we traded the pick.
Always love my strategy meetings and work days with
You are good! :)
When she's all you ever think about
owner? Or do you plan on being a jockey?
beautiful ride home!
I'm clearly not good during high stress situations.
#prayforjapan Lord help the people.
thanks for the follow! Let's stay connected! Ps looking for sponsors if you know of anyone! Thanks
Or, the illusion that it is not!
gain power within...
I wonder if we can get #FollowMeRobert trending lol
Thx 4 follwng LR All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
off to bed :)... more work tommorrow :/
Singing* We can do it anywhere... I can love you in the shower Both of our bodies dripping wet
Q1: Dinner at home and movie night afterwards.
Thanks #TEAMFOLLOWBACK - Keep it coming!!!
Boston's "Bull and Finch", the 'Cheers' bar (exterior that is, the interior of Cheers was a sound set!)
haha obviously the prank queen's side (;
You say you shouldn't have to change, so what you're doing isn't wrong...?
good night had with James, Slice, Basset, and ... was missed, but played some games for Ion.
double dip recession?
Gorgeous sun streaming through clouds to the west over #chicago. Special moment. Look out your window!
Big Thanx Everyone Follow Him! N Check Out My Beats @ SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
It's Peytons house and will always b UNTIL you can bring us a ring #ANDREWLUCK, then i will be UR biggest fan but4 now let's get a MVP LOL
An audition is a cross between a striptease and a one night stand. You bare it all, then not give a fuck whether they call you back or not.
Kudos of , winner of the Commitment to Service Award at the Greek Awards Ball!
And you might be surprised that there are different options for treatment
Stop drinking! It's a work day
my phone does ringtones and can even sporadically connect to the internet
Don't forget we have a show coming up 8/11 at the KiMo Theatre
What's happening?
The quality of leadership, more than any other single factor, determines the success or failure of an organization
moms been texting me that she has been reading on the porch everyday. Team mom is loving it.
Make your res for Saturday's Tea Clinic featuring Black & Green Tea paired w/ Tea Infused Shortbread Cookies
Haven't been on in forever, what's good ya'll
Class activities to develop meaning? Websites that you feel are useful? You get to be the voice of experience!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I learned that the word "Green" and "Flaw" had a double meaning smh lol
haha right....you like him more than that obviously. words cant even describe
oh... That's cool. Haha. I've seen those shows s few times.My sister really loves criminal minds
hehe me! D:
why can't you care...?
I took a bath instead. Stings like a dog ;) and my mom is making me wear long sleeves
is like a member of our family. There are more pictures of him than and me in our house. This is devastating.
Does anyone know how many Modiglianis are in the Radev collection at the usher gallery?
Thanks. I hope you have a great Christmas too! What will you be doing?
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." - Thich Nhat Hanh
dunk contest hasn't been good since vince carter was beasting it.
jeckyl and Hyde? We can toss a coin to see who gets to be Hyde.
GODDAMMIT WAR HORSE
You at the titty bar spending your rent money trying to pick up a stripper
stuck workin all night. He's funny shit though. If you can get out here sometime, I'll pay for your cab ride home.
Enjoying cake. :) with and
I've never watched a single episode of One Tree Hill, so I decided I'm going to watch all the seasons on Netflix starting now.
U have changed so much... idk who u r anymore
everyone is closed but us? gosh my school is so stupid.
re: flying cars - not ubiquitous but you'll be able to buy one in a few years - probably need flying license & no pub road
thanks. Btw: do you know any good attorneys? All I have is the contact for some public defender...
I probably could have ran to Germany by now right?!?
Thank u honey:) xoxo
taught nd how to South Dallas Swag this morning
LITSA! My mom was more excited to meet you last week than anybody else! Hope to see you soon
Sir,U may want 2 remind Repubs. It's more cost effective 2 provide Disabled folks services needed 2 stay at home,Then Nrs. Hms.
yeah, but isn't the Canadian cupcake exchange rate pretty ridiculous?
I like when I get new followers, even if they aren't real people.
My head is full of pudding lumps.
yeah that's the nickname. I'm just having a lazy day. My last day off before work. How is your day going?
Subway cookies >>
need to eat..mickey D's here we come! ;)
crazy alert lol
Check out American Idol at Saz's State House tonight! Lots of fun food and beverage specials await! Be an Idol with Saz's :D
Who wants to see a sneak peek of our new website!?
No problem real soon!!!
take me with you! I make great company. #maybe :-/
My iPhone notifications just erupted with flood of alerts for past several days. Electronic Krakatoa!
What's happening tonight?
New Chrome man-purse. I'm wearing it now.
When it rains it pours...#Cowboys have a lot of work to do to get back into this game
good choice! My pref too.
the packers have had the lead in the 4th quarter and kept it for 14 straight games
thank you sharebeast
Navy Recruiting District in Chicago looking for dental officers, offering annual specialty pay, sign-on bonus & more!
20-20 television in the UK Looking for US Pageants for Contestants with Disabilities: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
My hands are purple agian, and my nails look black. I wish mulberry under the fingernail would come into fashion instead of french manicure.
mine has a 512gig SSD and a 720gig hybrid HD. Luv it.
MVC scheduled better this year, and performed better against power 6 than the previous year. Hoping trend continues.
Rangers with their worst playoff performance tonight. Another Game 7 at MSG
Magnet schools w/shady admissions procedures, poorer kids looked over b/c parents couldn't afford to bling up science fair projects, etc.
I may, I just can't focus on anything, least of all studying & it's just frustrating! Worse that my son is asleep & hubby busy.
Yes and no. Yes b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want. No b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want.
Tampa bound (: textt me
hahaha for real
And maybe a season 1 of 24 recap? I haven't seen it since 3rd grade, and it's the best! :)
we about to cruise again today haha
I want to cry! But that strong woman inside of me telling me to fuck that shit and keep my head up!
It is known as the healthiest place on Earth
Good morning!
knowin I need to go to sleep. Ima be a zombie in class lol
I am only RTing things of general interest & to help people make connections. Make sure you check out #thatcampphilly & #thatcamp for more!
The intersection of Carey Road and Simmons Street is open in all directions.
nike ltd
very inspiring. Thanks for sharing. Are u doing TM this weekend?
Letting your kids walk around n the rain is stupid!
are you inside, or in your car?
Rise and shine #phx! It's a gorgeous morning.
Big THX to for her help with the #IntheArtoftheCity event for
I feel like my room is going to catch on fire with all these lights. Oh,well.
#FF to great new #health wellness tweeps! Great stuff!
Dinner and drinks with friends!
“: talking of MySpace. Is tumblr like MySpace now?” increasingly true...never a big user of either one.
in Shreveport tonight addressing the Urgency of Now!
shoot the moon, miss completely
"We already had you. Why would we help you now?" Wonder where that #1 cust. serv. rating came from. Is the $220 worth it to you, ?
Awesome discussion with Chris from today about #hyperlocal, #curation and
I have to disagree. The Finn/Rachel dynamic is one of the reasons Glee is so bad now. More = ratings tumble.
HI! FYI - you are always the rockstar known as kgspecial to me. :-) Hope you are great!
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” ― Albert Einstein ♥ :)
#MoonsOverMyHammy I'm not sure how this is still a discussion.
thx dude :o that open me up
Blake your feet are slow. Don't bitch about that being a foul, you're all over him
Landed ATL cold brewed Oolong to avoid airplane heated water! Will go great with my biscuits n gravy!
You ever see someone at the first window at McDonald's and think how you'd totally tap that if they didn't have such a shitty job? NOPE.
I'm so mother f****k*** tired right now going to take a nap 
Can anyone recommend a UI specialist, preferably in the NY/Tristate area?
Demi Lovato's new single will be called 'Shut Up and Love Me'.
Yeah ... its not over yet ... were just getting started !!!! Summer 2012 >>>
There's always #that successful "I told you so." RT : Now that I'm a Twitter addict, #Facebook blows
I've got one vote for 2001: A Space Odyssey as the most important sci-fi film ever made. What do you think? (Thanks )
Trust fund baby behind me from NYE, u don't know anything about bball
swag, follow
You are welcome!
Why am I such a jealous person? <<<<
Very profound.
When has had twitter for 1 day and has 20 tweets lmao
fantastic level headed debate with chuck about kobe. I am on chucks side but just an awesome job. Y I listen 2 u guys
Is that from the ITaP security cams?
ga bball gettin smacked by kentucky
Speaking with PRIDE Group today at the Hilliard Senior Center. Great opportunity to learn about our "full service" offering for families
that was the best thing ive done all freaking year!!!
Supposedly Columbus is trying to attract an NBA team. Tell me why I should care.
Already,Brother.
Dissappointed with the packers draft choice I've had much respect for Thompson n still do but what a waste of a pick from one college
Getting ready for the workshop on Selphyl,the “Liquid Face Lift”.Today at 1:00pm.Hope to see you all there.Call 305-640-5603 if U need info.
dear TL, i get it -_-
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG OUT THERE NO ONE CAN BEAT IT EVER
It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
Thx for spreading the word!!!
Also the definition of "compass."
I hate the news, only bad stuff
Bobby valentine you are ruining one of the most storied sports franchises in a few months. I hate you.
Should be hitting bars and stores soon. We sent it out into the world late last week. Can't wait to see your take on it
send mp3s to
and you will make a very pretty peacock! I wanted to be a bird and have chris be a hunter with a gun for halloween!
Im already tired of hearing about Peyton Manning
No Irn Bru, I'm afraid but some Scottish treats are available at a British pub. Otherwise I just send for stuff.
at your age, yes. At my age, I can blame past misdeeds.
Just hit the east side of the LBC..... Literally
We are a full service print shop. . Local.
Couple of job interviews and then it is off to boxing. I really want to box competitively again. I miss it.
What is she? An egyptian crocodile? Because SHE is in denial.
so, anyways. I'm a terrible organizer. haha. done.
can u check ur dms really fast? :)
I wish you knew all of the things he's said about you.
Happy Sunday!:)
#Occupy Ohio State
yes n they just drew blood
I'm playing the Station Bar at the tonight at 8PM. Come hang out, grab some food and listen to some music. No cost.
yes I would visit
bored as shit wit nothin to do
hey Thomas, I know you probably won't see this but my friend wants you to notice her! Or maybe even tweet her!
Chris Brown and Rihanna are gonna do their comeback song on American Idol..Where he will beat up another girl: Ryan Seacrest
DS: bo!! And screw his son, i want to see Peter suffer. RT : 1
how u makin do 2 hrs meanyy.... But i wouldnt want u driving either you might kill him when ur behind the wheel
hmm... Awesome concert though. I've mentioned your MCA op ed to some friends and it seems to piss everyone off. Good job!
21 jump street tonight!!!
she totally backstabbed me, she knows he means so much to me but of course she is gonna go for him!!
#Np Change Positions
from the business model of any sport or business
Another learning spanish observation. "Si, esta aqui." and "Siesta aqui." sound too much alike.
almost summer blues
The countdown is on 90 min till American Idol. Auditions from Galveston Texas. Tune into fox.
The most pushups ever performed in one day was 46,001.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
The Mall is amazing!!Love it<3
We still have work to do.
hahaha. love you too!:)
you and me were kings
Have you had to employ acupuncture yet for your signing hand?
Off to the airport! Bye bye Florida :)
im going to cry all nite becuz of this :\
We're excited too! RT : Excited that the Master's students are coming to today!
that would only be your loss.
College Football Predictions: Night game Wisconsin @ OH St; OH St +8 and the under - 49
getting ready for St.Patty's Day......Savannah here we come
Love the Blues? We do too - Come to the to see Tommy Dukes Blues Band live, Sat. May 19, 9pm!
"When I see a man from the Ashab al-Hadith, it is as if I have seen the Prophet (S) – alive." [Imam al-Shafi'i via Khatib al-Baghdadi]
Yah, Drake better put on his combat boots.
It looks like something happened on Grey's Anatomy. No spoilers, please! I'm not going to watch it. I just don't want to hear about it.
Good night! :)
I'm bringing #nakedtanning back :)
Take nothing for granted...
thanks for the RT! :)
#GhettoGameShow "Who's daddy is it anyways?"
Concentration and Focus..God knows we put it in the wrong places
I've already been like that. Never have and never will
Forget sleep. The #dodgers are on
Aww, thank you Usha. We were just talking about how amazing you were earlier with Lisa. Kate can't wait to catch up w you!
Teach me how to card trick
My hope is in you Lord
Apparently, 3 years equals 2 boxes full of empty liquor, wine, & beer bottles w/ a few salsa & apple sauce jars mixed in.
june 27th at Galaxy Cds. Sparks The Rescue, Rocky Loves Emily, Aristo and Let It Happen
I feel the same way about Hardy. We actually liked the name Jude too way back in the early stages and I brought up Hardy
theres a song called "Take the K Train." Na, I'll pass lol
I have a bunch of other weeds to identify now. Weird things show up out of nowhere and take over!
The truth is coming out. END FOR DEMAND is all about attacking porn and the adult industry using the plight of real victims.
Somehow just when you think you couldnt get anymore frustrated with the Royals, they manage to push past that
Catch up I've been doing that.
Imma be cool ah shit at teacher's conference . Lol
how u doing been dealin with sum family issues
Big Flats (Adams Co.) reporting 1.8" of rain with pea size hail. Watch for isolated flooding this morning
Day after Tomorrow
Shawty will you be mine..
when you say stuff like that it doesn't help me.
On the set tonight! Get ready for some tweets!
We're curious: What is the most interesting thing that you've seen or heard at #PLA12?
Your messages are urgently needed to push back against Senate conservatives attempting to drastically reduce funding under VAWA.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans who love YBM&M bars.
Thank you for the follow! We'd be honored to have you come to our party next Monday night at Traffic Bar (midtown East) ♡
Happy Friday, Everyone! Here's to a peaceful, stress-free weekend. Namaste
- that's cuz everybody at the top is really really busy :) no time to sit :)
I am SO GLAD to hear we're helping people like this, but saddened that it's needed so near to home, ya know?
is happiest with her silly family. <3
I took it cause I thought we'd be watching movies and stuff but . . I was wrong -.-
we'll be watching! Good luck!
There's something really sweet about that scene! I'll have to use it in a short story.
no, DON'T! PLEASE! I'M BEGGING YOU DON'T DO IT OMG NO
Ooh, I've got it. How about a law that Congress has to PASS LAWS?
Bitch, your just jealous! :D
Daily media briefing underway!
Kicking off final 14 days of fundraising on indiegogo today; we will tweet the plot to get you all hooked to solicit your dough!
when will I get my stuff? :o
Worked out but then ate an amazing red velvet treat from Cupcake...oh well.
Watching Once upon a Time.
O boy. I am annoyed by names all the time. Especially first names that sound like brands at Whole Foods.
so dramatic.
Tip #124: Feel good = play well. Listen, watch, or read something that makes you belly laugh = endorphins that lead to better health.
Calcula will drastically improve the treatment of kidney stones in an office setting & without anesthesia
this Masters talk is getting me hype !
Bowdlerize My Heart
you're almost back into cooler temps. i know you're not a fan of needing a fan to stay cool.
I know! It is totally worth it though! I need the pool time. lol
doesn't that article cite the american study from this summer? or was there a new one?
You look beautiful in my eyes.. :):)
Winning the motherhood lottery: school lost & found closet has thing you were looking for PLUS something you didn't even know was missing.
Thank you to all who came out to celebrate the grand opening of Rosedale on Saturday, June 4th! It was an amazing day!
mine came with a guide book but I only read the intro
very appropriate.. geez.. so many hateful people in the world that get their rocks off on making others miserable!
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett "We had Claiborne #2 on our big board (behind A.Luck). Didn't think he would be available at our spot (#14)"
CUMBIAS... Perfect for an energy boost. 😃📻🎤🎶🎶 #karaoketime!
Very pleased with the NFL draft results thud far.
I agree! It's the death race!
lmao.. Yhu right! But it just sound nice. Lol
UR 2 Funny! That kid was annoying, now go hunt down Mom:)
people must be losin sight of what's real. Some shoes? Smh
Chilly, raining night in Denver. Perfect for snuggling in and reading a good book. Just curious what you are currently reading...
Lil Jon only has 548,000 twitter follwers?? What??? Come on Twitter
Exactly!! RT : Having a movie night with my two ladies tonight! Today is Tuesday to them, they get loved everyday!
it is open for anyone. It is bit expensive. Please check the website!
come down to the State House tonight! we are Occupying til Apr 14 or until the legislature does the right moral thing
thanks! But not so new ;)
A Pig Parade Is a Terrible Idea with Gr 1&2 this week. Follow up activity about panda parade. Such cute ideas and pictures!
Robert it's here!! Wanted to share the site is up!! Pre-sale is up! W.marlenebrehm.com Thank you so much for the support!!
this sounds amazing!
IMA GET AH BUTT ENLARGEMENT .
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed.
Thank Goodness Its The Day Before Friday B*tches! #TGITDBFB :)
follow her
Cupcakes are cool but brownies are better.
#PracticalSecurityTactics separate your assets into trust zones and don't commingle different trust levels.
oh lord
yes! But this was earlier in the a.m. And all week!
“: This ain't no picnic bitch”
I think i like twitter better than facebook!!! :)
The fight against education isn't bright. We need education so kids have a fighting chance to succeed. Gop don't care about ppl
Omg I can't move.i hate being sick.plus my braces are killing me!can't even eat watermelon:/
I love that Barry Sanders tweets!!!! You're one of my sports idols! “: What?! Charles Barkley is hosting Saturday Night Live?”
today's?! Haha
Follow me Please Camren I LOVE YOU SO MUUUUCHHHHH
so... Where are you?
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wake up after a night of drinking and you can't find your pants, or your underwear.
Say hi for me, she's an old teacher and future colleague of mine at HC!
Been n da dam house all dam day# slp
probs she was just distracted. Girl usualy has a lot going on.
Great job, Sandra!
Hot damn... has to love that Yo just showed him up at the plate.
Still way too super dorky to train indoors in full-armed wetsuit. Srsly.
Well, TD Jakes has got Oprah going. And we know what his purpose is!
that's so funny ! Lmao tell him it got approved (:
Ocean Gang Mobsta, it is not a problem, Young pretty nigga, but I do tote tha choppa!
Only thing I chase is money !
spent my afternoon battling malware, which severely affected productivity.
I got my permit! #YAY 😄
Work then Christmas shopping!
Travelling through the snow on the way to Heathrow ready for my walk accross the sahara desert
hahah was just about to text you
I'm a woman of my word.
Hi, everyone. Hope it has been a good week for you all.
#redberryciroc on deck
haha I know. I was quoting the song.
joining the #weddingmarketchat (also late!)
RT : Ready for #RSAC & #BSidesSF? Stop by booth #1147 and say hi! What topics/events are you most excited about?
LOVE IS LOVE❕❕
I will hold my tongue on this whole North Carolina thing until I know all the facts and form my own opinion.
6 of 10 adults in NOLA at risk for #diabetes. A community-wide effort is needed to curb this epidemic. Help raise awareness.
um your fake...
Thank you!!!
we walked the straight blue of day into / harmonic strains that / undercut a hollow sky
lol...true i feel ya
yes she will
if you aint part of it fuck you....go take it in the ass you english fuck
I was just mistaken for you. So you must be a straping gentleman with a handlebar mustache.
Life passes most people by while they're making grand plans for it.
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Walking the dog while wearing shorts and flip flops in February is just one of the many reasons I love Texas.
woohoo! :D glad to hear!
hey sis what's up
#np the bodyguard soundtrack and it just evokes so much emotion in me
Bright sunny morning - good for spraying the fruit trees (organic spray) and planting a Saturn peach tree. Work done for harvest later!
i draw you.. it took my 3 hours! RT if you want to see it :D
Anger can cloud your mind cool heads always prevail
Ah thats great! Site should be launching very shortly. Had a slight set back but will be up and running soon. I will let you know
#FF Fighting back against the student loan industrial complex
As CRAZY as it is - we have a downstairs space open! Submit your proposals to for info and consideration!
": Sex aint better than love..." Speak for yourself"
lol I was being serious. You have some moves but deadly from the corner.
In Miami u go out and niccas are predictable....yall be wearin the same shit...at the same damn time!!! lol
Good ? Many outlets don't. Ultimately, have to rely on reputation of org and whether consistent w/other polls.
Always wishing that just maybe one day I'll wake up and see in my mentions :) Good night!
Deal-of-the-day sites like Groupon and LivingSocial are becoming super popular...does your business take advantage of them? Why or why not?
Just in case anyone wonders, no we are not schizo! Writer: Ron, Editor: Rose, Events: Jenni tweet! #sandiego sports
Today was intense
: I wish I can say #WhyILoveCanada, but never been..
Looking forward to watching the show Saturday night. Have a safe flight.
Excited to hear that one of our Board members, , is a panelist at - Feb 4th!
get drunk tonight pussy.
quite possible. Going down like water so far
After 7 months of treatments my buddy just finished surgery to remove the greatly reduced lump of cancer & carry on w/life!
Basically. Whoever is left with a somewhat healthy roster, basically
ok i want to go to a Real concert soon. Montgomery, you know i hate it, is so lame. i have to go to Miami to my dads to see a decent concert
awesome synopsis. Hip hop. Is the only genre of music that practices ageism....
i believe you can get postgame highlights (A&V) with the MLB AT Bat App
thanks for your Gold sponsorship of
": Will you be seeing the Dictator Movie?" Only if it shows actual Tator Dickin'!
Freshman of the yr. Plyr of the yr. Final4 MVP. #8 #BBN If all the cats plyd with half the heart MKG did we'd be unstoppable
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.
Whitney Wednesday. Dinner and a Movie this week is an homage to Ms. Houston. Showing all of her hit movies w/ featured cocktails.
I was in L.A. 4 about 5-6 years. Did a bit of small T.V. roles. Live in Denver, Co now. Theatre is the acting outlet here.
but they are all good sports
62 degrees in December? I knew there was a reason I moved to the south.
Shooting "Spooks" for BBC in London called in Canada and U.S M15!!!Filmando "Spooks" en Londres mejor concido en Canada y U.S.A M15!!!
some of you need to get a job.
yes we're here too!!!
Cool beans.
SO FULL
random fact: of Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, "Winter" is my favorite...
My kingdom for a chair . . .
Even on my weakest days I get a little but stronger..
Listening to Johnny Cash. Wow.
bitkhes wakk #gota get it even if its n da worst way
I'd rather live in Chicago (is what I ment)
thanks for rt about the powell case!
we are the mystic mermaid league.
Did you send me an email? If so I didn't get anything.
Oleanna opens up in Lincoln Hall tonight at 7:30pm in the Recital Hall. General Admission tickets are $6, Students at $4.
Googled the phrase "sex hair and tap shoes" just to see if it was a thing. It's not. So clearly that's the title of my memoir.
Graham fighting MS with all she&#39;s got
What is your favorite food blog?
She doesn't know you..
Must be amateur night these motherfucking kids
haha me either I was just giving you a hard time
Oh you triflin!
lol yes. I have always loved food.
RT -Thanks everyone for continuing to support Band. There's a long way to catch up! Empire pull together! RT
well make some for us and bring me some!
Ugh why is it so cold in here
Would you rather sell the same $1 item a million times with little setup or 20,000 $500 items individually?
RIP Junior Seau. I'm socked he's gone
got one for an episode I did for $.74 net. See you there!
If Bynum and Gasol start to slack, #Lakers should go Blake, Bryant, Barnes, Artest and Hill. Call it the #EveryDayImHustlin unit.
After slumbering through a hundred million centuries we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
and you call me young lol. You're like my little sisters age
yeah she really is! How cute I'm so excited for her
NEW BG AND PIC TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF IT!!!
Actually I was thinking more like Guinness and soda bread. Funny this came up - forgot this Saturday is St. Pat's Day!
So. Gotta make it to June without drinking coffee.
It's my birthday and premiere! This can't be any better ❤
A coked up roid raging Bob Probert would have his hands full with
Twins Bro
Fyi asking cats politely to calm down doesn't work
My Biggest Dream Wuld B 4 A Superstar To Meet Justin ANd Jaden or for the To FOllow me and my bffl ellie #
11:11 :) did u make a wish??
No. But you're not a Minneapolitan until you chase down completely baseless Prince rumors.
#shoutout to my best friend #follow him
my college greek prof chastised me for using them. I say go for it
they can suck my dick you have birth to avp
My dog is so sweet . He has layed in bed next to me AL day cause i dont feel good.<3 hes a keeper(;
Watching Scream 4 Gosh This Movie Is Scary And Neve Cambell Is So Pretty! !
Sorry I missed you! I assume Wednesday nights aren't great?
Hey how about them sooners? ;)
yea a huh
Me on phone to consultant: "I have a consult for you." Consultant: "What's the patient's insurance?" Me: "Nevermind."
omg my new puppy is soo cute
Hey - gov mansion grass needs mowed. Time for you to take a break from campaigning and focus on your LT GOV duties.....
Anyone lookin to do something?
RT : Yo get at my people #sign C.B.Y.A. Homies to "
When guys change their profile pictures EVERY week.... Smh
is there an option to always automatically open all messages in a conversation in preview pane, instead of opening individually?
maryland is crabs l o l
Huge Shout Out to my dear friend who needs to get his hinney back to twitter to stay!! FB is too boring.., (;
Fuck liars!fuck backstabbers! They should ask choke on a fat meaty aids infected Dick! That is all...
I wish it was "hump" day :)
just suggested this the other day-- that a group of us become a corporation & go to law school as "a person."
AMAZING PERFORMANC SWEETIE.....
Tiger back in top 20 @ -2. Still has a ton of reverse weight shift in his swing. That won't get job done longterm. Go either way tomorrow.
Just voted for you like 1,000 times ;D time to go vote 1,000 more times lol love ya <3
I'm here at Center on Halsted, but we seem to have some internal Tech issues.. trying to get on...
#GOODCAUSES.What a wonderful way to care for others.I love #teaching,tutoring&counseling Kids with
Snow in march extra stinks when it screws up your flights
just saw The Avengers, Black Widow + Pepper Potts in daisy dukes > Loki :)
I'm enjoying that from here!
please follow back:)
Triglav is FREEZING! I didnt even want to get outta my car... and I love winter!
I live in buffalo it's never hot here. It's always cold. Be thankful that you atleast get nice weather!
But I decided not to
Thanks Aga! Please try that entry once more. :)
600 likes!!!! Thanks everyone :) I'll try to think of something special to do in celebration...hmm...
Rob Swanson said you're a G !!!!
Yeah. Me neither.
Duh, were you expecting new anime?
Ha, I was worried about blinding people with any more pics :) I thought the towel was as much as anyone could handle!
Good point; article says it might get "ugly" in the short-term. I'm curious to see what they find, even if hard to interpret.
In the car with Kevin&AJ, then on the bus with the whole Cross-Country Family <3
12/18/11: The greatest February day ever in the history of Michigan athletics. (Probably).
Back from Carmen Kudos to and the chorus. The leads sounded great...
Baseball players wear pants...they the only niggas who wear pants in sports
I didn't take that article as a joke, unless the joke is John boruk himself
Maybe consider moving Rickie out of the lead off spot?
The kids are discussing how there are different kinds of gulls, e.g., seagulls and ea-gulls.
great movie!
I said that for 3 mos. when did u chang ur mind?
Ima get myself some chips first >>>
of course, there has to be undergarment consideration. She nay want #vintage style? So many plans
#everett Help Florist catch-up on deliveries today. We have 300 to go! Pass the word. come in now. 425-392-7568
Anyone know what's up on 45 south in Germantown area? Bus has been sitting in bad traffic for about 20 minutes now.
Wonderful comments of support for #miamiarts from 2 speakers from the Museum Young Patrons! #miamidade budget
You have been found! Come out slowly with your hands in the air...
I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by...
these are the Rangers I remember
The boys haven't teeeted in a while -__-
I really don't understand why my family is so mean to me.
4 dudes tossin' the 'bee on a vacant Quad ain't helping either. And can someone check the levels? Nasty feedback.
My tummy hurts :(
I apologize to my followers about the tweet/picture/instagram overload this weekend. I get that way when I'm with friends and family. :)
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
When did I suddenly enjoy snacking on prunes? Did I age to 70 years old overnight?
about as good as lecture could ever be...
Lol Yeah Imma Wear My Levi Capris and My Vans But Idk What Shirt
You have no idea how much Ryan Beatty means to me :)
The insider is the dumbest tv show i have ever seen in my entire life
So is Tapie wanting to team with Pokerstrat in response to FTP buyout by PStar or is it part of side deal for ftp to be able to
Dating is bad for my figure.
I guess now's a good time to start using Google Music, some albums on sale for $1.99
well, as the previous retweet proves, I am completely brain-fried from finals. Staying home tonight to study and sleep.
I hate knowin u referr to me as "him" to them other dudes.
uhu i know hw to glide thnks to wassabi if u dont now who wassabi is then go YouTube n put hoiitsroi n u will now now who
:P I know your jelly.
Dear Facebook: Sharing an affinity for Beans & Barley and WI sports does not mean I should be friends w/CreepyMcCreeper47.
I can't believe are here in NY and I am just sitting on my couch thinking Bout them :/
Right on!!
Hey, look - #roc was a Jeopardy answer.
i just finally got mine to work. was your ds fully charged? i think thats why mine wasnt updating
想去海底捞吃火锅！like so badly.... :-(
to host exhibit on 9/11 attacks, opening in Sept. This will be a very emotional exhibit to see. A must.
and if they didn't before, now they do.
Once again the only black dude in the room
just listen to more rock/electrowhatever. It will come.
Easter can be just as much fun as an adult as it was as a child. Just paint and hide beer cans instead of eggs.
is killing it! Get...here...NOW!!!!
LeClairRyan hosts session 03/20: How to Draft & Negotiate Better Licensing Agreements: A Program for Life Science Counsel...
9 more days .
I'm not paying for a cart though.. You can walk your happy ass to two balls. ;)
country boy punch
#nikewatch cannot wait to see the new Broncos gear!!
how r u
RT Land of awesomeness
Oh hell, I'm surrounded by idiots now. We're just not graded alongside them. Much.
voters don't go 12-0 and earn it. How did rankings factor in to Auburn last yr?
And now my leg fell asleep.
haha that's,funny
I don't understand the inside joke of the joke you just made..
ME TOO you need to join where i said asap :(
We'll b serving up your favorite hot dog today at K-Mart on US 31 South in Greenwood..hope to see you there...
Fuck! the world and Fuck my life..
I didn't change, I grew up.. Maybe you should try it sometime...
No Helmer, you can not haz pineapple. it is MINE. MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE
Best show out there if you are into golf by just hilarious and great interviews
That thing where you preface your computer. Internet mail allows you are comfortable with Windows 95.
Night♥ Night♥
he's on all the big sites. I use 5Dimes which has his best value at +450. So $100 wins $450.
Fall on your face walking up the stairs
At depauw, college visit. To my team mates I love yal and we had a good no regrets to any of it. Love yal!
feel good that I'll be on my 3rd shift as well. We can cowork remotely. Take care of yourself!
Today marks the beginning of trains packed full of people. Happy
Missed 11:11 again but my wish is always the same, for to follow me, let's just hope it happens
Thank you kind sir.
Thanks for the #FF TGIF!! :o)
That's a false dilemma,isn't it?Also,at that stage,they might not have the luxury of choosing between those things.
Yea cuz most of them can't rap
Look who just earned a $ for the 1st time since leaving Bmore! RT Best new app! Sign up for LevelUp using code: 132484
Macy's will give you 15% off online or get 10% off + free shipping if you use code LOVE today!
I think she waxes the stache...
Its called the Basketball diaries
My Russian friend wants to send a photo of my christmas decorated palm trees to St Petersburg ,she just can't get over living in San Diego
Thx! My fiance did it using a free template and photoshop. He'll love hearing u liked it :)
Taco Bell:)
you're an idiot.
nopppeeee what ??? like why are you saying no
From Borrell: In 44 top mkts, Groupon or Autotrader generate more local $ than the largest local paper, TV or radio online operation
What Up "H" Town What Up "D Wii" What Up "Drank Man" What Up "Mouton" What Up "713" (voice)
i am part of #kogodwomen and really ejoying the day
How do you make your drums sound so crispy? Please enlighten me a little (or a lot). I like your music, thank you for it.
Let A Real Nigga Make It Right
#ListeningTo the audiobook version of "The Story of You" by Really cool book.
I may have a problem.
Alert Albert Hammond. #rewrite RT : It is HAILING in Pasadena. #what?
i'm having one of those days where it feels like my eyes refuse to open all the way.
Jus got home from wal mart
Now if I could just have some of that Duke $ to share... RT : Good artists copy, great artists steal. Love,
Glad i turned this game on haha
i keep forgetting graduation is so close...
oh-you got me!
Some say that MATH = Mental Abuse To Humans. do you agree?
“: If you can't face the truth just text it.”// that's me
we knit our tweets onto organic cotton pillows using yarn from grass fed sheep.
so jealous
what are freckles ?
counts for what? Lol
back where i come from, is where ill be when it's said and done!
Let the madness begin.
there you are, what's up buddy?
Everyday I think of something to do but I always end up back at square 1
#iwillonlylikeyouif ... you stay off twitter rather than being on it 24-7
Oh wow! Love the strategy to kick off the pilots on youtube. Great exposure for the other vids as well.
Hahaha I'm practicing for my stand up career. :P
Don't forget Happy Hour Wed
of course it would be. I've grown attached to the Pittsburgh one... But mville is still where it's at.
Wow, barnburner of a Monday and it's only 11:42am. Fun times!
thinking of chronicling my library adventures in a zine. i just need to find a typewriter! YES!
Woohoo- thanks so much for supporting a great cause, Terumi! Hope your day is off to a lovely start!
Kanye West angers PETA with song
I want my unborn son to be like my daddy
If you create a conditional expression larger than 60 characters, my official policy is I hate you
If you're not too afraid of Facebook stealing your infos- try "find friends" using your phone contacts. Who are some of these people?
Juror #2 is a moron
My get up and go done got up and went! (And then it came back and slapped me in the mouth for saying that trite saying)
well that's good tell em I asked about em
