You take 100 pictures of yourself when you go to the mall? Wow, you have so much "swag."
How did the dentist go?
I'm going to practice living fearlessly. I have been through the storm, so now I know better than to fear the rain.
I wonder when time flys by to yu does it for someone else???:/
Love watching CP3 lead his team.
RT:: Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind -DR Suess
Rehearsal once again! :)
Random baseball fact of the day: Most consecutive steals w/o being caught by one player in a career was 50 by Vince Coleman (StL) '88-'89.
the ice cream truck is near! and playing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" :) cracks me up every.single.time.
Lane closures on Eastbound Beltline between Whitney Way & Verona Rd & Westbound Beltline between Seminole Highway & Verona Road mon-wed.
No, you're not. I just cancelled your plans.
Ironically, I like book version of Margaret and not the John. But I like the movie John and not Margaret.
Woo from my study group! Lets Go Devils! : Parise scores!”
just got back from swimming at the beach with brittany
We appreciate your support!
Now that is a great proposal that kids should stay in school until they're 18 but of course education is the #gop enemy.
What they DON'T tell you about eating dairy when you're sick is that your phlegmballs come out perfectly spherical and billiard-sized
LMAO! Behind close doors...NO! You still remembered!!! In BUSINESS yes! ;-)
You believing in religion doesnt make you a better person
Botox can be enhanced with injections with fillers (Restylane, Juvederm, etc.), Belladerma Peels, and Belladerma Skin Care products.
is my rolemodel , my inspiration , my life <3
Ahaha. RT : Duly noted. And if that guy gives you any trouble, let me know.
plz notice me i know some day u will
I've been wondering the same about you!:) We are doing ok, just alot to do lately:-/ I'm thankful for choices!
Is OFF NOW @ myen
Have a great day.
thanks for the Valentine's day piece retweet! Hope you had a great one!
Good photos. But it's the same old story I've heard a million times. I want togs to dig in, dig deep, & show me something new.
thank I'm about to read this one
I'll never keep a secret and ill never tell a lie - babyface
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
Uh oh. I think we need signs with neon lettering telling people they can't save to the public computers' hard drives.
We would survive all manners of apocalypse, especially #zombies. Unless those zombies had nukes
Lavo Brunch YUM!
Hell Ya ! Howd we ever fit so many ppl in that basement? There are still marks on the wall from all the bumpin & grindin
Good Night Twitter, Thankful for a place to lay my head tonight...Be open minded to every cause for praise and thankfulness in your life!
Yay a solo:) so beautiful.
#iknowateacher who showed me how to believe in myself.
Laying by the pool today...
I'm not afraid of bugs, snakes or mice.
i will not forget! i am super stoked! its gonna be fabulous!
At 1 a.m., Hurricane Ike was 20 miles south-southeast of Galveston. Wind gusts on island measured at 85 mph.
Exactly. :) Wish you would have been there! Dinner this week?!
#ff #followalibrarian because I keep figuring out how to do twitter by watching him! & he's got a great info stream going besides!
#TNAKICKASS hell yeah
agreed ! Those are the Squash 2000. Thx for the conference. Great stuff.
How did you enjoy being apart of the Savored program?
Niskanen: "Envy, combined with the erosion of constitutional limits on the powers of govt, has...weakened the Western market economies."
I'll be in Greensboro next weekend! RT : Amber goes to the East coast, and won't be here... Sad now.
Has turned into a morning "news" show.
I should have but t least I know which direction he lives ahha
Thank YOU for your leadership in this amazing program!
The jorts are out tonight rock/cena
Its finally Friday
Yep......and it looks like that was the case...
Congratulations To All The 2012 Graduates
Each of the examples in that article were so cringe-worthy, I felt dirty after reading it. Yet, it is recommended reading.
Happy Birthday to our very own Ken Converse, elite hardware salesman. Feel free to stop in and say hi!
Championz Myrtle beach memorial wknd. Bike week!!
That's what I told my team at work, haha!
The Carolina Panthers players who judged the Hooters Bikini were Sherrod Martin & Captain Munnerlyn. Neither shld be in the
Saw 3 protests in Cuzco today - mine workers this morning and then anti-child labor & anti-corruption/Keiko (pres. candidate) tonight.
please please be me I love his smile but the 1 when he gets shy why his mom walks in on his ustream that 1 gets me every time
Save Your Home Anna Cuevas on with Les Brown KFWB
Helpful. "I was discovering a method that would work with impenetrable films: Focus on what you saw and how it affected you." -
LIKE THEM HOW OLD R U ?? I AM 14
#10ThingsIWantToBuy Lots and lots of clothes.
hey guys Whats up?
I hate the fact that Battlefield 3 labels one of their games modes as "Co-op" when you can't even play on the same console.
I was waiting for you too text me......
get out and go to a pool...lol
Happy new year! About to witness the transition of Erie county govt.
There's always one person who hates u more then yourself
And now for a condo board meeting (which, despite having written up the announement myself, I belatedly realize I'm hosting)...
ive never had one either! please let me join!
I play rock music, check my band out
Hey tell pioli he's an IDIOT. Haley deserved more respect.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity. -Charles G. Dawes
Just finished 's Scientology book and am almost too creeped out to write the review. Well done.
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to roll around in the grass & sleep in the sun like muff...on 2nd thought who do I have to impress?
$5 sandwiches with duck fat fries today!!! That's better than your mom letting you stay up late!!
RT : Trying to win something on Power96 isn't the same with out you guys
Trey Parker and Mclovin are the Black Keys
how can they feature someone and then say they don't have any songs that are essential listening?
First impressions count.
sad you aren't here! Already great... And it just started!
yes! Fantastic commercial.
Its funny how both #NBA and #NFL #lockout negotiations improved when the 'lawyers left the room'. Maybe they should have a smaller role...
I am still hopeful as well. ABCFam runs a flexible schedule so I feel it would be a solid fit.
Just assembled our BLVD prize-pack giveaways for tonight's Blissfest at Whoever wins these will be STOKED.
Not all women are introduced to gay life in prison.Is it possible that some women choose to be gay because intro
RT : RT : ¸.•*★ "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." ♥ ~Mark Twain~ ¸.•*★
Omg. The Hunger Games was AMAZING. Cant wait for Catching Fire to come out!!!!
RAISE IT! Pirates improve to 17-18 with a 3-2 victory over Miami.
We got approval to launch the new Industrial Analytics Services website! New WebAdmin 4.0 upgrade and design.
I keep meaning to catch repeats but no time. However I am determined to do (start) the Gilmore Girls Reading Challenge
that looks amazing. Hahha
jealous! I'd like to see all 3 made into a single product.
Google and Oracle &#39;Experts&#39; Clash Over Android&#39;s Java Mimic
me :)!! saviour brought me to tears it was soo beautiful :) <3 ur amazing andy and ur my hero
your fellow Aussie Jason Day shot a 2nd round record of 64 at the Masters!
why can't you
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JB!!
Hey! Big sale today to the Caribbean/Bahamas Reduced Deposit, Free Onboard Credit, Free upgrades! Details Jackie 954-514-4413
oh, that's in switzerland.. 's home territory. Gorgeous riding though.
What's the word for the feeling you get when you discover someone who you think is a misogynist tool has written a brilliant essay?
I hate conceptual photography and love recreating Fabregé eggs.
Talk about a negative campaign, Santorum's supporters seem to prefer "booing" than cheering during his speech!
i thought i already followed you? whats all this about a protected account.
Learning all about meat consumption in antebellum New York
Are there any Easter egg hunts going on tomorrow in #nashville?
I'm not a celtics fan for the record... Ijs -_-
Vote for Prom Queen!
I still have feelings for you. And no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go.
I'm laughing on the inside, I swear.
Yep I'm officially bored.
Grow up. Stop talking shit.
RFT : I miss the old lil wayne
i think they are kind of equal in my opinion, slight edge to the nuke being easier
why is mark penn's fat useless face on right now?
When one door closes another one door will appear just open it...... even if it is a doggie door. ~ Lisa Morgan
People who don't accept you for who you are, aren't worth knowing you anyway!!
yeah i felt like the description on the site was of a 'matte' finish but apparently not. oh well, not too big of a deal
Its like I'm in Jr.high again. Play more Moz! RT stoked that is now officially doing afternoons 2-6pm on !
I'll walk halfway around the world just to sit down by your side and I would do most anything, girl, to be the apple of your eye...
excellent! Looking forward to catching up!
Where would you do this? Am thinking about doing the same thing for a trip to Montreal.
Computers r stupid >(
1800 is my shit. im up here blowing now. that sure would be nice with it. lol
oh alright just checking. :) lol
excited for tomorrow #needthis like crazy
Heading to my home county, Meade, for a bean supper. Can't wait to see my family and old friends.
Molly's best performance. Also, Annie Potts, James Spader, and Otis Redding. RT : Pretty In Pink is on and why is it so great?
One more week of school then I will be on my way starting my senior year
Letzzz be honest
thanks for the RT! If you know any other wifi spots... you can edit the page and add to the list.
Flame throwers are on stage now... #FatTuesdayReloaded Brought to u by
I hate it when people get pissed off at you because you won't drop what you're doing to see them. My life doesn't revolve around you.
It takes internal confidence to compliment another. It says "we are not in competition and I am happy for your success."
Finna bump A$AP
Referee in the Redskins vs Ravens Game : "False start. Offense. The entire offensive line." Hilarious.
Sunday only, w/ coupon: Buy 1 smoothie, get 1 free at Lighthouse Maui Café & get 30% off color, highlights, curls at Great Styles & Cuts.
I think that's a shame. Whats wrong with these guys?
Something Wicked This Way Comes in my pants
I am going to the OKC game on 4/1 for my sons first Bulls game. Can we have your shoes from the game?
what time in in at 330 to close
backend of website had a meltdown... going to be a long couple days
So Latour's entire purpose in life is to make everything messier?
and my chest on here cuz bitches luv it
Enjoying the snow day, even if we have to shovel. The best part, the GS cookies to keep us going...
This is the best performance of the night so far
"I have a game plan & we can perfect it over food" why I love "
. I totally worked a gig in the children's ward of a hospital with this guy - he's super nice. (Yeah, I was Wonder Woman.)
who's wheat will take the seat
Ft Worth H&G Market was a HUGE SUCCESS! Houston Home & Garden Market is Feb 12-14 @ Reliant Center. www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
": Everything is slipping away and im scared to lose it all" You only lose it all if you believe there's nothing better (:
We say FACT! #VAlueYourPower RT : Myth or fact? Closing off vents in unused rooms helps save #energy & lower your monthly bill.
Thanks for the mention. Great to see fans let others know about us.
hence the face palm -_-
Got lost in the Anaheim IHOP looking for the restroom. Stumbled upon a machine in a back room printing money.
Thank you! Have a great day as well.
we should probably get a manager. who wants to be it?
I've never seen or read any of the LOTR stuff. I'm semi pop culture illiterate
Atlanta, Memphis Tn, New Orleans. Chicago, DC, Miami, Orlando, New York set your appointments for Tree braids www.hairgynesis.com
I'm guessing someone is singing that at the moment ... Lol
O RT Don't get smart BA RT : sure do
#1 in my fantasy basketball league, yes I'm going to boast about this for a long time.
shouldn't we leave scientific calculations to scientists? i'll stick with my regular calculator, thank you.
Creepy? Yes. Worth it? Damn straight
Please pray for my Mother. She is feeling the extreme lost today. I was going to leave for Oregon but have decided to stay. Praying.
#aam2011 regional associations session: reasons to join=networking, prof dev, learn fm colleagues, practical & therapeutic support
I think I'm ready to crash.
I'm back on myspace, even though I'm probably the only one who uses it lol!! join me :)
Thanks so much for the article
Leather vest, turtleneck, riding boots. It's 72 degrees out. PT : ... twitterers, what are you wearing right now?
Hey hey hey ^.^
I have Gucci Mane stuck in my head. Damn you,
You both make me proud. Even more so after you register for ShankaThon X. RT You have made proud!
Stay home & rest up today if you aren't feeling better!!
I always thought the #Padres would win a #worldseries before the #rangers... Who am I kidding, no I didn't...
I'm doing good and yourself?
me too! he had a grand slam the other night i think. it feels good to beat the team that trades you ;) but go tigers!!!
ok I will let you know by Friday
This Patrick Willis E:60 story is heartbreaking. He starting working full-time at 10 years old
I will be attending the conference in November. :) Would you like to follow me back??
It was something to behold.. Good luck today!
Happy Sunday!(:
Emoticons ruined the art of anger expression I miss angry text that stung when read. Ending w/ :) really softens the blow. I feel cheated:(
thanks, super helpful.
yup cold n windy! I already chuckd mine headed home o yea!
But I'm straight RT : fuck you guys then
Hey - welcome back to ATX! I peeked in at Chevrolet Sound Garage tonight and it's going to be a good look!
The Met has a strong presence with other big players following
I'm not sure but it smells awesome
I'm a traveling ad salesman from Pontiac, Illinois. Get with it.
hello to you Women 2.0 ladies :) thank you for finding me and connecting!
Thanks! And at this very moment, she is even sleeping... which is _really_ adorable.
omg i WANT that DVD so bad camt wait #1DVDforme :) <3
Yay, Candice! So excited to finally meet u. Im canceling all plans. : ) anywhere special for lunch?
Let the african dancers begin! Woot
Comments on 2012 expo ? Do tell..
they on fire...on fire
do you want one of those austin?
off too work :)
Playing the guitar dam man I should be payed too good not to be playing I'm light years ahead of those guitar hero this this shit 4 real
for sure! Tho please don't judge all #coworking spaces by that article. They chose to highlight one totally obscure exception.
Steele sends to cmte a res urging GA to look at alternative savings for Medicaid given importance to County system.
Dang. Can't sleep. So what's up?
At doing a show at Greco finna put on!! Its Keith J. Forever!!!!
lol they are so cute! I know u want one.
Lol. Here we got Rangers, here we go! RT : Oh no..and so it begins
ok, & we sure word! we should talk on facebook when you come back so we won't be all over everyone's TL, haha <333
Yo dude! I've been in "The Biz" since I was 13! Worked for 2 iron chefs! U need 2 come back to Philly & I will show you THEE best!
MEE :) RT: This Week!!! Portland - San Francisco - Los Angeles - San Diego - who's coming out???
happy earth day
Picked up a copy of The Hunger Games but cannot begin reading until I get some school work done. It will be my prize for being productive.
I hate when people tweet a celebrity "If you love your fans you will RT this" of course they love their fans...what the fuck.
chilling how is the music coming along?
nope, I think it probably didn't resonate as funny elsewhere in the US as it did to us
that #arbys site isn't in flash, which i appreciate.
Someone talk to me ! haha
We questioned everything, from the ED's $400K annual salary to why the org's spending had gone so far off course from original intent
Screw being sad over petty bullshit! I have a great life and should be living it up! So high on life right now!!!
just called cigarettes the first social network... #classic #truth where is ? Hooking up?
Happy Milwaukee day!
The CPLP Symposium scheduled for Feb 15 has been cancelled. If you paid online the full amount paid will be refunded to you.
I'm a beautiful butterfly!
guess I watched you on tv and for some Reason I thought it was the Fever. Well best of luck this year
go ahead. If not, have an official transcript sent to our office by paper and we can scan/upload it to your account
awesome to meet you last night! Thanks again for coming to listen :)
Trivia @ O'Leary's :30pm with host Eric "Super DJ" Lyte. He's fun and funny. Come compete, win prizes have fun, eat & drink with geniuses.
Exact Target found that 76% of internet users surveyed have been directly influenced to purchase an item or service thanks to a direct...
we can start our day without, but it's preferred.
I can't wait to see you at the alumni day!
#imagine Austin:whats her name cause im overly attracted and terribly convinced tht she could be mine forever Alex:*yourname* tht it -anna
What happens on Google Plus stays on Google Plus. Ok maybe not. But circle us anyway!
in that case, I'm firing you from all of your 9 jobs. Your sole task is book writing. Pack your boxes.
Liam likes trying to mimic Niall's accent.
Live at 8AM - www.pdxsucks.com discusses the nudist colony now known in the Pacific Northwest as "Ashland".
thats what im saying
..and then their are others who hinder the overweight woman when she makes the decision to get fit
Teaching at Chelsey Piers in NYC was AWESOME by the way :)
Nicholas Kristof is right: handguns should be measured as a public health hazard; see his latest in the New York Times
lol oh ok. Liz I wanna go to Canada and visit you and site see Canada
what no working out makes you
yay tel me what u thinkk
ugh P2 is going to win; he has the whole state of Georgia and all the females who watch the show voting for him
nice show !!! to sleep now
What did he bowl?
We signed off on the final mold. Will be manufacturing next week in #Pittsburgh. Thanks for asking! We are excited for launch
Sweet! RT : I have had a super long week and I think Jazz is on the menu real quick, before I go nuts. lol.
You can’t sell anything if the prospect doesn’t understand the message. Simplify your marketing message, make clarity your #1 objective.
Posted on June 25, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi · 7 opinions voiced
We have been getting a lot of feedback and amazing followers. Please spread the word around and don't forgetto check us out ...
If you are looking to add alkaline water to your wellness routine, there is no easier, more economical way than Alkalife.
Mustard stains RT Cat piss RT : Tonic water. RT : Things that glow under black light: petro jelly, $20 bill.
Suddenly, thankful that today's payday.
well, i had to look it up to make sure...
Anticipating an exciting call shortly...hope to have more awesome DJ news to share!
Just tried to sleep for two hours in O'Hare airport. I think plane sleeping might be more comfortable. I just want to lay down!
I love Big Live
You see your ex with another dude at a party and your body temperature hit 150 degrees, just wanna shoot up the whole damn party
Where did the time go??? Time to sign off!
We have a HUGE giveaway at , by name of Ducati Monster 696. Want it? Keep an eye on Facebook and Twitter for details how, next week!
Are you toying with any playful themes for your wedding? Do share!
"He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning."
ok it's alright with me! eric hutchinson
This woman is such a flirt. 😳
You have heard correct. Cask of Kind and all five on tap
Ny Giants! Manningham is new David Tyree!!
"Don’t get caught swatting mosquitoes when a tiger is about to strike".
HUGE LIFE MOMENT: Our four blueberry bushes just yielded a cumulative two blueberries. A small but delicious first harvest.
I loved your dress at the launch party! so chic! you deff need your own show! so classy darling =)
I wish someone would give me a box of ferrer rocher for valentines ...
I found them at Cub today. I have never had my mind blow like this!
Atta girl! Bacon always makes everyone happy :)
thank u so much: D
#hatethatmoment when I can't decide if I want to stay up or go to sleep...
One of those "reflecting on life and memories" moods while listening to the Fray's new album. In 3 weeks a new chapter begins.
You did the impossible, gained my trust
This new layout is a Twitter fail, as far as I'm concerned.
oh my vampire diaries. BEST EPISODE EVER.
jealous! Have fun!!
Nice! 3 semesters are required. Italian 1 got an C (before I knew you lol) Italian 2 got an A ( when I knew ya lol)
lol, I can't believe you're looking at the wrong timeline.
It's official I'm engaged
Tomorrow is a new day. Tomorrow will be better. Maybe tomorrow I'll actually remember to pick up toilet paper at the store...
I don't know what Elf on the Shelf is. Is that bad?
copying Seth eh?
Girls follow Danielle Doty , if u want tips to get gorgeous hair like her:)
That line has been incredible the whole series.
if fox wants to make the election about who flip-flops more, I'm comfortable with that
Naturally. I would "like" this if I could "like" a tweet. :)
Thanks, that is helpful, as my acupuncturist never called it anything, this will help to explain to my scientist Dad!
Does any body's škøøł is in Astoria but give me a direct  to me for that way they won't find u
It just keeps getting better...
working my ass off and playing a little poker tonight.
DEFENESTRATE TOO OBSCURE TO BE IN BOOK. NEXT: CALLIPYGIAN
RT : Finish this: The purpose of life is _____ [Answer: To learn how to love. (Loving God, self and others is the key. ] :)
Louis Oosthuizen, you played a fantastic round of golf today. Amazing albatross.
If you're a cook or culinary student in the L.A. area and would be interested in a stage/intern/extern opportunity in June, let me know.
This is the exactly reason I live to watch Gayo's every year! Loving the special stages!
RT : Is it a bad sign when you reach for OpenCL to calculate your taxes? ;-)
#NPC Luncheon with Rudy Giuliani on September 6 officially sold out
Shout to all 379 listeners who tuned in tonight on the "Letz Chopp It Up Show",, & much luv &
Here at #sxsw and I can say.. This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet. Next year #fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops
No doubt Mike. Thankls for noticing ": Russell Wilson ballin out. Top 3 qb n college hands doen"
so excited for Atomic Storytime!!!
Merry Christmas babe. I love ya
just watching the best catcher in the league right now. but someone should tell him to throw the ball to the pitcher not in the dirt.
Rainy morning in Anaheim. Heading to airport
RT publishers need to radically expand their definition of editorial: it's the only unique quality they retain
Mr Brown I know the show ended. but I was wondering do you think you would do occasional Good Eats specials?
two finals and two papers to go
This twitter beef is gettin on my damn nerves as well as facebook beef ! Smfh
I will love you always :D
Special thanks to Winstead PC for hosting the last stop on the Freedom Ride externship! They even bought us !
Perhaps we need 2 football leagues. In 1, plyrs sign injury waivers and can hit. The other - driven by player protection. Which 1 thrives?
LOL... No trash talking tonight, Ubaldo is pitching.
Who's going to tell Santorum that the census data released today isn't current?
Since when is office microwave etiquette the following: see someone else's stuff in there? Add your lunch and add more time!
Not lettin no nigga come in between me and my best friend
can't wait to cheer for randy braun tonight
I WAS ONLY WATCHING IT TO LAUGH
Save me some!!!
cuz u don't kno her!!!! She gets in everyones business and I know your talking about bad stuff about me
leaving for DC in about an hour . yayayayay . #peaceoutohio . ✌
Congrats! Love that your study provides hope that not all neuromarketing will be used for evil! :)
I'm good and have a job now you
good night everyone. i feel like i'm going to get sick.
Um I just saw a huge rat running around the short hills mall
UH...OHKKKK!!! Let me FIND FEAR on my end...so your threat will have leverage...OH WAIT!!!>>> CAN'T AND WON'T FIND IT! ;-)
#AFS11 cliff murphy: folklorists r a tool for getting govt resources to a more diverse constituency
seriously the worst. So many facepalms tonight.
What do you think of SOPA?
Became a United States Resident this morning. No more worries, my husband & I can live happily ever after right here if we want to;
I knew you would come around
MT : Santorum sugar-daddy Foster Friess on : In his day girls used aspirin for birth control. They put it btwn their knees
yeah pretty much
What happened?!
RT : A6: I like to share stories of how online networking has connected to offline. Not 1 or the other; they are linked.
Get me all the seasons of "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" on DVD and I will love you forever. I love that show! Especially Will Smith!
OMG your aprons are so cute, funny, and fabulous! Good Luck! See u on twitter, thanks for the follow...
Umm. I'm trying to watch my figure. Chex Mix is a low-fat snack!
when okc lose in game 6 watch err body jump on miami and La dick
LOVE it! It's got everything in one spot. Thanks much for the great app!!
had a fun weekend. . .but a baby shower, a bachelorette party, and shopping might be to much for one weekend!
YEA A BIG FAT LOOK BACK UGH I CNT STAND HER SMH
Day 4: going from Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ and turning back the clock another hour. Shouldn't be in too late, maybe 430ish local time!
Yes we do! All of our un-solds go daily and special requests can be made to !
Saw that, too. Were you there?
#EdMcGinty uses Google Ngrams to verify and explore language in #BoardwalkEmpire scripts.
What were you celebrating on Friday night?
i <3 your tweets! #theyrock :D
Workin' tonight Dj Mao.
Idaho takes the lead at halftime 47-46. Travis Leslie leads the Jam with 10 points
you win some you lose some ;)
yes we went to blogfest2011 and loved it!!!!!
what are you asking?
Ipad2 and iPhone 5 youtube.com/watch?v=3UytiX…
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)oxoxoxoox
Commissioner Gordon Lightfoot
Well So Am I , But I Dont Really Show It LOL
Now Its Alot Of Badd Bitches In The Buildin ,Amen
You have to follow in order for me to send you a DM. However, you can reach me at my office at 859-514-2720
im sorry but these were cracking me up.
feeling majorly misanthropic right now.
Okay you don't even have a point anymore. I've had Twitter for over 3 years.
I agree. If nothing else, he has presence (motivational and otherwise), and that can't hurt them.
for sure, keep me posted. If anything fill out an application online and If it works out I will try to get you an interview
Will you post the pictures from your event last night on your Facebook account?
Who's Harley ?!
I love you :D
Where are you going for Spring Break? I cannot remember... Please say Cancun.
This lesbian said she gone stop doin utha women cuz her kids r gettin hip to her.....
Yes, thank you Ms. Laser Explosion!
weekend plans?
Hello twitter I'm back >D
I'd be gleeful if Glee got cancelled.
Hi ariana <3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me<3 !!!
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 6
Heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done!
You'll miss 100% of the shots you never take
aint that the truth. Yos has an RA too and that's far more legit. Well see wut happens
IM A UNICORN AND I KNOW IT!!!!!!!
Read it in the newspapers! Ask your girlfriends and see if they know!
I wanna be the smile you put on your face!
and the wine. lots of it.
I am B O R E D! lol My mommy has a suprise for me this month! Can't wait! ☺
Maybe not all in one trip... ;) RT : you won't be disappointed. Buy all the drinks #ALLthedrinks!
second best part of #nytm simulcast is beer.
Grainger was killin me yesterday skipped 2 classes cause i would have died had i gone.that would have meant missing a lot more
RT if you are a belieber :)
Morrow - yet again he tweeted impaired prestige
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
If yall aint catchin my tweets about my ls den u #SLEEP just like ha ass ws
Leaving St. Louis... Off to Kansas City.
Playing at the coffee house! come see me perform live people on tuesday :) if you have the number hit me up for more info!
You are lucky if your neighbors like Obama.. my neighbors are rednecks.. might have to put sign in protective case. Lol..
Chase im obsessed with you just thought i'd tell you . since i was just informed .
man I was looking for boostie all yesterday. I got the tempations playin can't you see sweet thang. good vibes forsure outvynl
Spell-check is like bumpers on a bowling lane. I'm ashamed to have to rely on it. What I mean to say is that "accommodate" is a stupid word.
I'm done with this semester #ThankGod & my bro For getting me through it
Love to play, but too short. :(
#YungDeet chant at prom good look, I love all y'all!
The cake was....
thanks for following back booboo!
Matt Cooke's nomination for the #NHL Masterton Trophy is an embarrassment & a disgrace. I can't even...
What a nice thing for him to say.
Interesting. Thanks. How are things??
I did not know that,,thx,,twitter is a learning tool,,[I couldn't remember how to spell education]
and tonight in seattle at university books.
Omg I almost just died!!! I just rang out an old old lady named Ann Frank!!!! Bahahahaha
“: To most #Capricorn's love & sex go together & are meant to last a lifetime.”---See it's not just me
Does everyone know about iRealB? It's an amazing app for your iPad/iPhone/iPod touch. It is especially good for Jazz vocalists.
Report those compliments to your ass before it grows so big it forms its own website
Thank u for all the well wishes, likes and tweets today. Am excited about this new path. It makes me tingle. And not in a bad way....
how old r u guyz??
HeLLo! RT : Shouout to , The #CrashCourse Music Picture Coming Soon
Both of which Coach Knight disagrees with, ball screens and the overuse of the dribble versus man defense. IDK..
“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” 😉
yeupp , I'm from itanhomi well my family iss , and i have family there(:
i make music, take pictures, code, design, write. know what that did to help my friend & people in similar situations? not a goddamn thing.
RSVP NOW TO THIS AMAZING FUNDRAISER MAY 12TH!
I suppose since I'm looking for a job, I should tweet about smart things...but this is my personal account, not a work account...
Sounds like you might have some good thoughts on and I would love to hear any ideas - email or in person
and we rep that shit hard
I'm disappointed that 's review of the Honey Badger game on does not mention
Thanks for the follow! Hope you are enjoying our "twidioms".
“: I always wondered as well. RT : Why do girls play softball and not baseball?” We need answers!
So glad has picked her dress from Yay!
yes, you and Dom. Can't forget Dom. Lolol
Looking good ladies
Thanks so much for the RT!
Suggestions for #highered via : imagine faculty of future; student centered work beyond learning process; partnerships
" HAVE A GREAT WEEK TO ALL MY TWEETS:)
Ill wait to make that tweet
Michelle Shocked in madison tomorrow, free concert at noon !
Money Talking, Wait somebody on The other Line Was Good Who Dis? More Money......
Both #CAA semifinals. Updates here. First game between Drexel and ODU just after 2:00.
i want to marry One Direction <3
We all have a past..
Watching Worlds Dumbest Outlaws 6.... FUNNY AS SHITT!!
Midterm time, no Internet...kinda makes me feel like I'm at SLU.
thanks Brian, have a great bday party
Spent Thanksgiving weekend in San Antonio. LOVE visiting cities I've never seen before. The Alamo, Riverwalk and lots of sky...
lmfao! I don't like You right now.
what night would you like to workout? Sorry about last week - was at my creative director's house until midnight.
Big news! Luke Burbank will host the April 20th Laff Hole! You know Luke from NPR, KIRO radio, Too Beautiful to Live. www.prokomedy.org
I am now leaving to go to a mall early enough to beat all the young whipper snappers. If I try to buy a minivan next, someone please slap me
Im still a country boy, backwoods of North and South Carolina.
Spending way too much time online these days...Love catching up with old friends though.
How do we join?
Of course you can!!
Pacers move on!!
italy beat usa 1-0 (Gianni goal) in 90 wc and they were supposed to win by 10. Think italy missed pk in that game too
is there anybody who thinks it isn't??
No one can put out my fire ;)
Nobody could steal your thunder, go for what ya' know, ya' know? LOL! #AlwaysGREAT!
Hi Iain! Is there an email address for you where I may send you a release regarding the upcoming Council Elections? Thanks!
When I drive past someone who's been pulled over by a Cop...I think, "Succkkkkkkerrrr!" Then I think, "I should pay attention to the road."
Prom tommorow! Perfect date, beautiful dress and really good friends. #excited 😃👫👗
Good one! We'll have to wait until they figure out what they are doing w/distribution-thanks for the tip!
Sunny skies with highs in the low 50's. Looks like we'll continue to see rain free conditions for the next few days.
Jesus the bullpen is terrible.
Love the NFL playoffs. Only time of year I get to root for the NY Giants. Remember Tucker Frederickson!
Are fans at risk of cognitive dissonance when the team is actually . . . winning?
Mark Twain or Hunter S. Thompson
Rt if you have Gifboom it's like the coolest thing!
lol ughh i give up lolz if it was a big oh dick my ass would of been found it...
I tried #mog for a month. They don't always have the albums I want. I switched to #grooveshark cause it had a sale. I like it.
new work out clothes, shoes, etc. always gets me excited to go work out. I just wish that excitement would last longer :(
so you're in college?
I know guys that get their eyebrows done more often than I do.....
Sweet dreams Chef!! Morning here... Good night!
you're so welcome and since I just saw that you're in the film too, I'd like a signed photo :)
Some fellow named Andy Pettitte is pitching. Is he new to baseball?
RT The graduation tweets bring me back to my own. Painted the rock, sat with friends, left with tears. Class of 95!
Tired of commercials. Commercials are practically everywhere...
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~Herm Albright, quoted...
Loving Romeo's no-nonsense 1st impression as HC. If he gets the job, does that all change?
next week Tuesday thru Thursday. Lol
Great quote by : If I tell my friends about your brand, it's not because I like your brand, but rather because I like my friends.
lmfao its the
Woke up with my hair wrapped around my neck. I think it's trying to kill me.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
nope not yet. We might go next weekend. Have u gone yet?
North Texas Over 65
Selling Homes and making contracts for my buyiers... doing my best to improve the Real Estate Market
always good to see your thoughts and hear from you!
NC state GRAD* not head lol.
Ty Hun, ya crazy busy with school. Have good night.
Logic Fails Us, But..But It's Important Dammit!!
..of an outside perception, but fewer explanatory words that distance, and more immediacy which is the feeling of horde.
thats freaking crazy. You found out today?!?
GM tweetel bugs omw to work.
Talking about FOI laws. RT : Charles Davis: The worst disease in jrnlism is the cycle of dependency on the PIO
I have no recollection of Oliver but this twit convo makes me so happy
scraps asked the man 2 wear the muzzle all the time. the man is very confused. because he so doesn't understand scraps.
hahaha it's fantastic !
My phone has a cracked screen, an example of my luck with them. I use Unifi to access my mobile photos.
Finally! but it didnt come quick enough
how can vandy fans cheer for a kid that only stays 3 years? Despicable!
curious what you think. In person Roger is nicest guy - his gf is a sweetheart. Not the face elbowing type.
have you played any of the other mass effects...
im in the team for sure an yup gonna donate 10$ instead of 1 XD
did blogger eat something on you? :( i hate that.
North Carolina, you suck. How embarrassing.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower.
I thought we locked up home court?
I swear I will be the reason why this child needs therapy.
We should ALL be this kind of person.
Focus on the quality of life. Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life. :)
Thank you . You never know. They may just do it. Thank you for the effort. Let me know if you hear anything. Did 3 radio shows
I love you to<3
NVC is language & communication skills that allow us to remain human, even under trying circumstances:
Where will you be watching the #Superbowl ?
Breaking: MD raises $84M from insurance co. tax credit sale for InvestMaryland, funding early stage tech startups in MD. (via )
I am now speaking to the third IRS person, have been on the phone for nearly two hours now. Let's hope this one isn't the 3rd to hang up
"Tweet Dreams",how many idiots are saying that shit besides Paris Hilton. You can't just say "Goodnight"?!!
me too, did you see their TED lecture? I am going to Chicago with a long list of restaurants, Moto is one of them
Careful! What goes around comes around.
I hate the bus..
Harrington: radical funding changes parallels new view of #edtech role, before a one-time project, now woven into school
glad you're here
RT : rumor: google+ to acquire friendster & hipstamatic. they'll call it hipster. it'll be slow + cool. only 30 ppl will use it.
But I'm glad you enjoyed The Avengers! It was a long wait for fans.
i dont wanna go to school:/ at least i dont got to walk:)
Boom. ties it 1-1. Amazing year for the American abroad
Gabriel Project offers loving care
Great seeing you too! Def bring some of that energy to the next one :)
thanks for the follow hope to take in a bout soon!
Anyone else going to Women in Architecture dinner? Find me :)
No he's here with me :)
the same as axl did...except axl had integrity n didn't go...slash kissed up, then bags the hof afterward
Giving up on packing. Blogging. Talking on phone. Having a frosty.
Cleo, my bird, after 7 years has picked up speech. It's an all night party of "hello!".
its soo sick :) you gotta blaze outta it! I helped him pick it out haha
also we would love to hear/chat with them on how they plan on using the data
Actually, I think the standard workday is typically something like 8am-10pm, so we're about halfway through the day.
Does that mean he isn't going to pay them?? *Blank stare*
oh hey, also, we got the Amazon package and it is awesome and thank you so much!
I still can't believe Betty is fat
I just supported on You should too! Thank you Keez, you're such a good friend! =)
Badly worded 140 - I just meant to offer you condolences...it doesn't seem right that basement kitties + yard dogs are legal.
lmao u childish
Why are so many places called 'ultra lounge'? Why can't it just be a lounge? What is ultra about it?
We love cigar guy!!! Http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2010/10/11/web-sensation-cigar-guy-unmasked/
No way Griffin works out in DC, amirite?
Apr 15,1942: #Churchill invited King George VI to 10 Downing St. to meet Marshall and Hopkins.
Wikipedia has Ugeth Urbina in prison but I'm quite sure he is now in Scottsdale drinking at Yardhouse!!!
Looking for AfriGeneas members
Intoxicating scent from the freesia from the garden, I think they are my biggest gardening success!
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay it would be called a bagel! If only you heard that in my silver voice.
please email our Social Media Editor at
there is no finish line for achievement. We fail when we are blinded by our success.
Ok!! Thx also!
My man mitch!
I miss basketball already.
Go Big Blue! Like this status if you're cheering on the Giants today!
when u cummn back over here??
private party Dec 3 just booked. You WISH you could go, believe us. Guess you'll have 2 have us 4 one of yer own!
I take pride in proving everyone wrong. All the negativity only makes me hungrier.
too nice to be inside working
I LOVE YOU.
Mall in Tuscaloosa! Wish would stop short talking me!!
Tomorrow Friday September 23rd, Salomé Cardinal will once again delight us. Fado Fado. Welcome back Slavic!
Drink first; ask questions later.
i expected it to be sheer, i thought i'd love gumdrop but my lips are already pigmented, it doesn't even show true color
What's your favorite free online event tool that allows for RSVP and optional suggested donation on one page?
iight bet yu gon be home or in the p i might beable to scoop yu
Congratulations to Aaron Rodgers for winning #MVP!
My son Norris!!!!
Question 5: Favorite Position? [[Dont act innocent or stupid, yall know what the hell I'm talking about lol]]
gnarly new avengers film. Bad ass. You on the Mb lot?
Another monday tomorrow..: ( they make me cry.
August 10: National Banana Split Day - Do you make your own, or do you have a favorite? #lovebananas - We shall work on 1, will share pics!
Young American poets - UCLA students - are reading their poems to a full crowd in Powell Library's East Rotunda!
not my chair not my problem that's what i say
Fountains, why advertise 24 hour access to computers and printers when they never work?
thanks for song war at home &Smile. God bless our troops.
I went to the same elementary as my sister for all of elementary. That's how you know my mom wasn't really there lolol
I'm gonna lose my temper & some sleep It's safe 2 say that I'm gonna get my payback if he's anything like me-Brad Paisley, Anything Like Me
I miss cinco de Mayo con mi familia Mexcanos!!!!!! : (
Pool day(:
I swear I need a female like that...
going for a jog in the park :)
all I want to do is watch The Killing and all my computer wants to do is drag me down with all its DivX updates.
incl b/c favorited yr tweet about 3scale Enterprise API management, which is a stretch. Wordnik & Tony's ship are impressive
Madea with the roomies! and :) #yes!!!
though honestly, no one is going to come after you if you use something more informal, like just Rutgers University, SCJ '14
lol praise baby jesus
:D It's why I work in the , for sure!
Let's make some money!
whats good with u?
haha oh I like that! Touché. But to get on that beach model status, there's no break
i know :))))) omg just finished the bio stuff lord bless me
These Starships Were Meant To Fly
This shows u how much of a factor Bynum really is.. He's got 20 Pts and 14 rebounds.. And there down by 30 hahahaha
The fact that you don't want me, makes me want you more..
' Gotta lot of making up to do . . .
Having a blast!
Would love to watch Sons of Anarchy on Netflix IF MY INTERNET WOULD WORK!
and today's Big Game kicks off #ManU vs
locbit team is ready for the #digitalsignage 2012 expo in #vegas tomorrow, excited to see what the future of OOH #advertising has to offer.
Saturday practices should be illegal :P all I want is ONE day to sleep in!!!!! Tennis can wait
happened to me a few years ago for the pub links qualifier. Totally get it. Sorry it totally sucks. I'll keep u posted Thursday
All those pun runs drained my phone. Time to recharge. Night y'all.
Try ginger tea, sipped slowly after licking a spoonful of honey. As soup & chicken simmer, safely lean to inhale steam.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about being a leader for world prosperity not the full demise of our country
"Five minutes? Well worth it." —Martin Hanzal
What's the soundtrack of your life? Blues? Speakeasy? Jazz? 80's rock/pop? #RetroOnThePatio has fond memories, good vibes for everyone.
ALWAYS REMEMBER NEVER FORGET: YOU CAN HAZ
Some Music is good and some is just plain awful!!
We have arrived conference. Rejoice.
it's because I'm right. I love you too baby girl :)
oh... Mask is my personal fave. *G* thank you!
Has He Even Ever Been There?: Bill O'Reilly's scorn for Appalachial echoes in the mountains (VIDEO):...
It's Christmas.(: Present time..<3
Braves fan!?! What's up with the #brewcrew?
... Sav says to follow him and you can see his tweets.
I love getting in Hot Dish. Makes me feel like one of the cool kids cc:
Terrible, am I, child? Even if you don't mind
The Neon Museum is now a TWEETER!!!!!!!
#MUST VISIT MY SITES WONDERFUL HEALTHY DISHES
come swim in all the pools lol
You said it! RT : Never Fly Solo :)
The only person that understood me and I could talk to is gone. For good? Idk, but for the time being, ima just. Keep to myself
Been home since 10:30am. Get home from shoe shopping for graduation to pass time and Nick's still not up. Its 5. Ugh.
maybe not, but we could buy Ranger from the sales of it:)
#IfYouBelieveHavoc you think MTO and Bossip are credible sources of accurate information
hey cesta. i sent u an email to cestamusic.com i want 2 beats exclusive rights. get back to me with the price. thanks
This fool gotta be gay
thanks! Love you!
Aspiring barista? Look who's hiring: Buzz, Baked & Wired, Yola, Sova, Northside Social, Swings
your the man! I miss the HBO series though :( those bastards!!!
Totally agreed re: #HeLa. And total author crush on ;)
yes I do
We will holdin auditions soon for twerkers that is able to travel an do shows wit us. U must b 18 or older.... Dm if interested
Saw that Gov. Ritter is quitting due to family concerns. Cynical, old me wonders if there weren't other, ah, concerns.
Getting ready for salsa at Madrigall tonight! 1627 Oak, KCMO
out of work, thank God!
So looking like 50+ in London, 40+ in Melbourne, 20+ in Finland - #dsgh #bigdataweek Data Scienc Hackathon any more counts in ?
Golf Tip: Keep the club low on takeaway and low through impact.
Students who adopted Jain site produce documentary - Times of India
Mike thinks he's funny. Seriously tho, I was getting bronzed up from the flo up.
we unfollow people who don't follow us.
Haven't laughed this hard in awhile my man is the best always putting a smile on my face! 2 days till I get to attack him! Meow!
time for a new phone don't you think...lol
Trent Johnson is doing his best John Chaney impression, "sending in the goons" on Anthony Davis
Started today by dropping my iPhone into my cup of coffee. Should have just stopped, gotten into bed, and started over.
Show who you are!help define #washington #DC identity by recording a #video of one thing you do everyday bit.ly/u6RHyv
Milgauss gets my vote. Green sapphire and seconds hand are unmatched.
It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like I'm Sleeping Down Here Tonight
I didn't get around to it.:(
pretty default pic mama
im sorry i got off): but i did end up texting you<3
Miles Davis Class at 2!! Then 2 rehearsals tonight.....I think its nap time till class....
aww,Sorry for the delay but you tell him a "Happy Birthday" from me! Love you,Noah.
haha yes we should do this tomorrow. (and I think we will win because we are the only people from utica who will enter)
My fav haunt to go to. Have fun! : Me & my team will be there tomorrow we can't wait be there ..
You just keep proving me right.
sweet! we'll check it out
i just got a message on facebook saying they can see me. i don't know who they are and i'm in my room. ah nervous
thanks for kind RT- ha e a Fired Up day!
Why are men like cars? Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
Sat Wit Ya Chest Ella!! Lmao
haha, that's #ironic : ))
Have an easy and meaningful fast, everybody. G'mar chatima tova!
when are you gonna make a new video?
whats up sis did u come up with anything to thatvtrack?
Thank you for sharing these great #SDSMS tidbits. I'm eating them up! :)
"That awkward moment when your parents try to be funny in front of your friends"
who will be making an appearance in my book. :) I just need to have time to actually draw and then scan.
looking forward to it!! Here's to a great day!!
just back away, back away
RT : Looks like gas and diesel prices are going to head upward in the next few months. Wright Express notes that......
#WorstRapLineEver " How you gon be a stunt double to the nigga monkey...' -____-
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
#royalwedding...nobody gives a f!
Been so tired the last few days but I will force up enough energy to rock this workout. Then nap time!
Hahaha I think not. The shop at Mandalay Bay had some cool art work, don't know how good they are. I want something animal/Polynesian
: Basically, looking for today's equiv of my granddad's track: <<utilities. strong unions, good pay, can't be outsourced
Dude, where's your car?
is industry night only for local industry peeps or even traveling bartenders? also is LAX open on mondays?
that's a bad ass lawwwd lol
please follow me!<33333
The juniors faces.. #priceless!
i'm down for the beach... squares in the sand!
Working, but it's okay bc I love my job! RT Its a beautiful President's Day in #CLE! How r u spending the day?
Yay! Jules and Grayson are engaged!! :)
- agree with Kurt also
Fighting a cold,,,, the cold appears to be winning at the moment! I hate being sick.
3 Weeks Left !!!
My Pleasure !
The Mona Lisa Code is a specific field of public interest presented as one of the great discoveries and cultural treasures of human history.
Sounds like you talk to your kids a lot. RE John Wayne's auction and I quote " Now what are these ones? LOL
Books-A-Million started in my hometown of Florence, AL as a street corner newsstand in 1917
but today is Monday :(
Yeah doctor said something was RUBBISH. #dead haha love it
Is social media the end point of the world? Nothing beyond that? What next?
well she Is a lucky girl
I haven't done a damn thing today and I can't decide if I love it or not haha
lol sorry I was saving those new pictures of Cenzo.
Get down to the asap! Arches are about to start and I have reason to believe they're going to be awesome!
So Wendy's has mac & cheese now, and it's pretty good! Not 3 homers in Petco good, but good nonetheless!
Signs you've made poor life choices: just watched a guy get fired from a picket line for selling weed.
That's good (:
I c boo an that whacka video. An this my song! Do yo thang girl
What's the best advice your Mother ever gave you???? Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!
As I journey into the vast valley of Twitterville....
This Biggie story crazy...nobody will never know who killed B.I.G
Yup. :) LA = nice! It was funny seeing your name pop up under "Who to follow" on here. Great to reconnect. Keep in touch!
Lmfao i wish i was there RT : i cannot believe that my dad said that to me.
What's wrong, babe? :(
A world where cops were more like the ones from super bad. THAT'S the kinda world I wanna live in.
its one of those slow music nights <3
David fricking DeJesus. Where was he when I had my all-inspirational fantasy team. Jesus Sanchez and Angel Miranda were terrible for me.
sounds like the recipe of an exciting day off! Dont spend all that refund money at one place!!
Big announcement on Monday at 9am! If you love music, you're gonna love this!
Thank you to everyone for supporting ODD BRODSKY (the movie!! A big, warm, welcome to all of our new facebook connections!!
not seeing anything yet...
Home accessories brand with fresh approach launches in UK - Prfire (press release)
The book, Convict Conditioning is an EXCELLENT resource for anyone looking for a practical, purposeful S&C info!
Thx! RT Congrats to for # 1 thai restaurant in Indy. You all rock my socks off!
RT On twitter, I can't always say what I want to say.
i mean how are u gonna send it tho? i'll be there in a week
lol you swear!
Remind me next time I take my computer apart. :)
Must've thought extra $250 would look good to a PT #NTTFaculty member. Were they hoping for that? More exploitation? Great post.
I follow
Donald D. brought his A-game tonight, he's got my vote fo sho!!!
perhaps cuz they must update their <cfcollection>? ;)
PickUpLine: Do you have a beard on your pussy? (No.) Want one?
I LOVE her. I NEVER hurt her. I MISS her. I LOVE texting her. Every SECOND I take it SERIOUSLY but her she don't FEEL anything. 
Thank you!
Going on now! RT : Mix Chocolat Pot de Tea & Chocolat "O" & you have a marriage made in heaven!
Getting tattooed tonight #backpiece stepping the tattoo game up bruh ...
dude hurry up!! Starbucks at olney
I am a reporter w/ Governing magazine which covers news about local governments.Can you plz call me @ 202-862-1432. Thanks
Glad we havnt been arguing :D
Dynamic Duo at the door; Fantastic Five slicing and dicing behind the bar.
Good Morning, Tweethearts! :D
I kinda want to sleep on my porch tonite...the low is supposed to be like 55
#OH is a fantastic aviation state! #aviation,
Happy happy joy joy. Words can't describe how I feel today. Big, big smile.
Thanks Kerry! We'd love to show her the school when she's back in town.
Didion is one of the rare women frequently referred to by her last name.
Studying for my CDL
: If you enter a relationship based on deception, you will maintain a #relationship based on deception.
RI Ave resistance movement strongly opposes proposed Heartbreak Hotel redevelopment. Prefers to avoid selling out just to build something
Dear 'K', You should get arrested for killing conversations.
#ireallywant you to be honest with me
One hour away from our shirt giveaway trivia question. I'm still watching #Tombstone Western movie trivia for the win
I can't believe it! is 16 all ready<3 I hope you have the best sweet sixteen ever cutie!
Oh!My!Gosh! , are u gonna kiss my neck when i put #Someday On?
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
hello, how're you?
thanks chief I'm tryin
my cousin stupid ass always telling me call her but never answer .
thanks for coming to
Welcome to your new life. I miss being able to sleep in...
I hope people are starting to see the power of TEAM. It's not about putting all-stars together & hoping for the best.
three DAY WEEKEND
co u cant tell from the pic but u look younger then that
I mean...McCann stayed in the game at least...so gotta be Affeldt
In Hillsborough Co., deputies say husband shot terminally ill wife and then called deputies, waited for them to arrive.
got a free copy of CS3 for my laptop...now I am only 2 versions behind....
I have a live journal so I know all about HTML code
I love deep, rational thought provoking philosophical declarations on Facebook. Which is exactly why I do not believe in love.
yeah 7 mile run... If I walked that wouldve taken awhile... I have a 10K in less than a month!
Oh darn! We can only offer our other 5 mainstage plays this year. Starting April 20 thru Nov, but not for First Date.
So far all mine are still alive and well, how about you?
Also for anyone who may come to Tonight's show, we still have a few presale. Contact us through our facebook if that interests you.
praying for the young man and his family, Im a 3 year cancer survivor, God is able
Hey guys I think Blanka can go to the boys concert with me!:D<3-Kelly
"Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own" - matthew 6:34
What on earth happened?
Just Sonic BOOMED some tweets there:) Believe in U. Fine tune thru Life, keep razor sharp focus & be intentional abt where you're headed!
& they join the list of other SEC schools leveraging XpressConnect by , to automate 802.1X client provisioning.
NEW IN #MEDINA , Drawing by Design #Art ! Pro quality materials provided. Website for dates/reg details!
I nominate myself to be in the future Satellite music video.
Love that feeling!!
Welcome my new follower PEACE
Watching the World Series hoping the St. Cardinals get out of the jam they are in and score some runs in the 9th inning...
We are just hours away from our 2011-2012 season finale!
The #FREE sample kit includes our FULL line of products! Ultrasound, Massage & Pain Relieving Gels. Booth 727 @
It's all about your FOCUS!!!!!
: TED posted an “emergency” talk called “Defend Our Freedom To Share (Or Why SOPA is a Bad Idea)” by t.co/Sjx7D5cD
yes! i actually think i will stop by today. always so fun to see your genius christmas displays.
Phase One Inc would like to thank those who have orderedt the free mousepads! There is still 30 more we can send out. Just message us.
E-commerce is more than cards and carts...E-commerce is how your company extends business processes to customers via the web.
hello there c;
You brought back my smile when I forgot about it.
Don't Forget!! Today at 2pm Midnight Movie The Killer Cut DVD signing at Dark Delicacies !!!! Come meet the Director and Cast!
heather needs to chill out
I'm excited for ur #makeover show Fri! I was honored to be the Mu Artist for the last makeover segment. Keep up the good wrk!
#disruptbj Berkeley/Stanford alumni meetup in Beijing was awesome last night!
If you can't expect them to show up, where do you start?
Good morning! We're heading to Cal Tech to sing for the Love Sucks concert! Please come if u like a cappella! It's at 3:00pm
You and i and your crazy brother should get together sometime, drink and talk about bad porn movies. wait what's bad porn lol jk
Skills on how to be annoying on Twitter, maybe! Hahaha.
It's a bit disorienting to recognize the first words of a book you've never read. ;)
look in my mentions you'll see what Mikey tweeted me!!(:
Moved all the day yesterday. Still exhausted.
I'll be there soon. Shots on shots on shots.
The Puffins would like to apologize to the patrons of the Lakeview Post Office for the hour that we hogged the one working pen.
Haha! I for real want one though. I love sappy music :] Haha! Give it to Shelby for me.
Jesus loves you! It s everybody else that thinks you re a c*
Can't sleep so I'm listening to the Tron: Legacy soundtrack, but all it's doing is making me want to fight with discs and ride lightcycles.
The best way to make a bad day diappear is watch magic and comedy at The Strand on Saturday at 8 pm.
..and lots of body procedures-breast augmentation of course, skinny people often loss breast tissue , probably lipo, zeltiiq
"Throw" is a very strong verb haha
Sorry if I spam your timeline with my tumblr stuff; I really have to change that setting
For any book in our online library which is not in the public domain, we ensure to obtain permission from the publisher.
that's what I planned.
RT Amare Stoudemire is being tended to by medics after punching a fire extinguisher glass & lacerating his hand.
grown man shyt
Thinking for every 1 item I decide to pack and move, I should get rid of 1. Eeny Meeny Miny Moe?
Tornado Sirens gave gone off and we are moving to cover. . . Glad we have a bomb shelter
you can also edit them by hand
Guess our relationship like a porn star pussy! , All ova the place!
#sadface no win for me
#badgers win!!!!
Marlins park sounds like a great new park.I'm partial to the older parks with history and character like Fenway and Wrigley
This guy on the bus was loudly taking to himself about some star wars mission or something.
My wife jus look so good today .....she finna get tha biness
OMG! I can't believe I did it! I just walked on fire!! No burns! Truly a Breakthrough in Puerto Rico!
One of these days, a 16 seed is going to beat a 1 seed. ... And it will be the most monumental upset in college hoops history.
Two people can't talk at the same time. One person "MUST" listen and make the needed adjustments for the relationship to WORK.
toes-toes done up wit her fanga nails matchin
"It's not what you know, it's what you do."
Before you try to change others, remember how hard it is to change yourself.
Hi Ms.Parker lol
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long. I already have plans on different ways we can win.
u have to take Kristen to a place called Zenos while in Minneapolis. It's the cutest date/dessert place ever!!!
RT I hate when you are trying so hard not to cry and someone says are you okay and you lose it <<<<<
RT : RT : I have my family and I have God.
Just finished our morning research. Alex & I were able to eat in. Coffee no DD.
I hate commercials !!!!
It was a double and an error on the LF
just text him!! Aww man u should of took a picture of us!!
The decision to exercise is made the night before you go to bed.
I'm gonna have to get you a flight
Just heard Superluv & uh LOVED it! Fer sure getting this shit on my ipod!
Lewis Mighty is trending in UK :)
you got good lol :) Love You Justin please follow me <3
Happy birthday , wipe Orlando off the floor! Good luck
haha. i'm sure erinand would be very surprised to hear that she won an award!
Thanks for last night, boo. You rocked it as usual!
HOW TRUE, HOW TRUE.
What did God say after creating man? I can do so much better.
The kids in my first period class is the worst to watch movies with!! They wont stop talking and then they give away all the surprises -__-
Wtf, Avatar was on and I missed it :(
I HATE MR. JONES!!
Club lacrosse starts in a week.
Approaching the first state line crossing with on the way to #reasonrally. Indiana, we are in you.
Sexually rubbing your wall until you find your lightswitch.
you get your contacks yet?
Correction .... real housewives of Atlanta
hey girl giving shitty advice on the phone...shut up.
PB Bar and Grill tonight 😁 Come and join if you wanna! (except if you're ugly)
Random Thoughts -- What will be the plea bargain with Bernie Madolf?
cloud-based - sometimes experience slowness, but addressed quickly
Happy Tuesday! Are you suffering from shin splints? Check out this article for tips to fix it!
Don Juan in Debt
Passed national but not state. Damn
Foreclosure Roundup: Fisher Island land faces foreclosure-A waterfront site on Miami’s posh Fisher Island has been targeted for foreclosure.
Had a good morning with the boys! Went fishing!
Glad to see the up and running: follow for the latest on what is bound to be a cutting edge conference.
M, think I'll have 3.14 pieces of pie today. ;)
YES! I'm here. Let's connect after the show! :)
My Phone On 60%
Great Revelation Bible study. Austin is a Cubbie and Avery moved up to Sparks in Awana. And the Bears won. Overall a great Sunday!
let the Easter Fashion Show begin. Welcome to church.
It's Official......FRIDAY NIGHTS at "THE DECK" on the rooftop of the Milwaukee Athletic Club
Location's important. But I don't know why anyone would want to do a 10-month program (C's), unless you already have a job.
Thank you! Big hugs!
Good morning :)
lol.yeah,open ears can be informative.Now you know more than many people do.If you really needed to know is anothr question.
Booker T. Jones was CRAZY tonight at Brooklyn Bridge Park. Him and Leslie make a great couple
Sock hop in my living room on friendsmas eve! That's exciting, right?
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Dr Sonya Friedman.
OMW to work :/
Thanks for following
Need to refocus on Baylor team that matches up well with us...Long and Athletic.
Moerlein IPA on patio at Cock & Bull, Glendale OH. Good stuff!
No, the exclamation reminded me of Bacon's character. is an outstanding YA author & English soccer enthusiast.
Where are you from? You have a funny accent! No I sound like everyone on TV like most of the north. You have a funny accent Ma Clampett.
I'm so, so, so sorry.
My coconut water is warm
Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are
When your boss sends you an email titled "project tasking", you might want to read it and perhaps consider doing something. #c'mon_man
Don't rain on my parade!
Awesome, DM us your t-shirt size! RT : Best COM moment for sure has been skyping with Andy Cohen to pitch a reality idea.
miss you mean it.
Wish I was chilling with right now
yeah brah it sucks! He just gets worse! >_<
stays In Vegas...
Good call Buster, they just replayed it. Haha
Around and around the mgmt roles go... the music stops & ???? .. seems like the childrens song ... ashes, ashes, we all fall down
Big 3 James
Can I get some GoodMorning Mentions?
Headed to #DisneyWorld Sunday for the week with our dairy, egg, pn, tn allergic daughter. Any suggestions?
My lakers got embarresed last night!!
I'm a big fan of the blackberry too.. I'm also a geek with RIMM... What do you anticipate with RIMM this year?
Love my new footie pajamas!! <3
its Peyton follow back :)
Stoked about teaching this weekend at See you tonight at 5:00pm or tomorrow at 9:00, 10:30, or noon!
I passed out earlier
I'm not one to do the whole FF thing, coincedentally it is now Friday but if you aren't following
#WDYTYA I just ran my DNA test and discovered that Blaire Underwood is my boyfriend!
you guys should come to miami -.-
RT I suspect this "imagination diet" is a bunch of boloney.
Yep on OWN beginning this fall.
It’s National Teacher Day! Tell us about your most inspiring teacher w/
Looking forward to tomorrow! Free Chobani samples - yum!
HELLO AND HOW ARE YOU TODAY? THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME. I MUST ALSO SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY. HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Congrats to Nashville's for a great 4th year! Hope to see familiar faces at Nevermore in November!
sounds like a good title to me! Better than
We're heading to #aasl11. Will you be there? Come see us at Booth 1009.
aint nothin like new york pizza
I think it's because they are selfish. They can't fathom why anyone would support a cause for selfless reasons.
So tired right now
Poppicock. At least Tim Burton's failures are marginally entertaining. Bad M is pretentious and unwatchable.
probably reflecting..and a baby? My Daddy referred to it as a "Wolfinanny". Something the oldtimers called them..where u from?
Guess who's got two thumbs and gets to work the return desk tonight? *points to self* I am also talking at the #library board meeting :-/
The good news is Spokane beat Tri-City for us tonight. Sorry you're stranded.
Closed the deal with National University of Health Sciences thanks to John! Isotonix will now be in their clinc =)
Watch out for those bone vampires!
So full. Oh my lord.
wish i wasnt at work & missin that storm !! ☔☁⚡
me and are giving line dancing lessons if you want some tips!!! ;)
This week Dr. Malcolm Hill, he has some controversial views on our healthcare system, and a unique view on how change it. Thurs 8-9pm PST
Learned last night that James Cameron's diving bell gets stronger as it descends because the glass compresses
You do what we say and we will do what we want to do.
Sometimes I, I feel good
he's gonna be on Interscope though :/
m boutta get my bathing suit on and lay out for like 5 hours(: #summertimeweather #tan. 👙☀
LBJ. GOOD NIGHT.
I'm VERY excited for...and proud of you! Can't wait to hear more about it over a drink (on me)! needs in on this, too!
Sweet and Sour pork with pineapple.
Someone come to the gym with me tomorrow!
New IBM Business Integration Software Helps Enterprises Accelerate Adoption of Social Business, Cloud and Mobile ...
the world is not ready for them...
#liber2011 Becoming clear that LIBER week has become **the** annul week for senior library administrators across Europe.
Throwing darts with my brother. I feel like Katniss... Minus the skill :P
I agree with these NCAA courts have lost original individuality. The small host logo in the corners doesn't cut it.
"English motherfucker, do you speak it?" Happy birthday to
On lunch half of my day is done
You may want to take a look at Wirecard - they are awesome to work with.
When you text me I know that your thinking about me.
Regret got shit on what you feeling now.
Bill Clinton was president. He went to Georgetown.
Learned a new word: callipygian. Look it up. You'll be glad you did.
Thank you so much for the RT :) Hope your day is going great!
The rats are the working people in steerage.
that's one of the stupidest, and shittiest things I've ever seen you tweet... Bad energy, watch out
Sometimes, it's just too hard..
If she stay open more than McDonald's on the weekends
#np "Goodbye Love" This song gives me chills to this day. Definitely follow her! She is fantastic.
Don't forget to add ChickfilA app to your iPhone --- information on restaurant locations & when peach milkshake will debut
Thanks for coming on in Madison Will, it's so hard not to jump right into the hypotheticals with this Seau tragedy, but thanks!
Ideal workout mix: #JoanJett (FakeFriends), #Scandal (Warrior), #LitaFord (Kiss Me Deadly)! Try it, ladies!
Correct. I prefer it that way though. No one else gets in our business.
Clear to me too. Jordan Taylor performance in the second half won the game.
Last Monday at the park for a while. Back to work in 7 days. Sigh. Its a good thing I love my job This is going to be hard.
RT I support open marriage.
I'm at xoco with Andrew and is in the house. Wish you were here
“The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.”
Looks like a close one ... Come on 4th and 1/2 /:
#lasttimeichecked #NATO is coming this weekend to chicago damn this sucks
Just wrapping conference call with Watering Seeds Founder regarding NBA All-Star weekend event. Details coming soon..
he didnt RT it. im following you. and im just putting this out there i have nothing against.
well you gotta earn them brownies hun! :P
#HappyMothersDay to all the mamas! :)
Shoot you know I will baby (;
good except for having to go downtown to meet with clients and I'm feeling lazy
like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail.. #outmypawsnow but love you both big much..
just when i think i'm getting better, i relapse again. |:
Address: #5 Kernaham Trace, Chin Chin Road, Cunupia, Trinidad and Tobago
im so jealous!
ha! Half off but triple the time of a normal dinner!
Today's gonna be a good day since I get to see all my bet friends today ;)
place in the Art Institute building?
ha almost there!
I'm grown bruh!
Any #Pac12 team is OK with me--as long as their opponent is
Reading "Wench" by Dolen Perkins-Valdez - pretty good so far!!
Dogs > cats and it's not even fucking close.
omgg dude the concert was exactly a year ago </3
New Jersey mom arrested for taking 5-year old daughter into a tanning booth. Little girl suffered from burns. SO SAD!
because it barley makes local news let alone national news. When a kid dies in North #philly is it any less tragic?
We should make this a fun pub crawl... every time the power goes out during the game we move to the next bar?! what do you guys think?
Listening to I Love these guys! There voices and Music is Beautiful :-)
Who is tuning in to the webinar? #4AsWebinar is presenting: "They're Just Not That Into You: Working Across the Generations"
Thanks for the love!
Did you go to Santana?
Everyone tells you that you deserve better but no one's willing to give it to you.
seems to be tweeting a lot about Justin Bieber lately.. XD
