more inspiration to come. It's pilot writing time
ASO fashion/culture show April 16th!! It's FREE! a night of food, fun and fashion. We're Also raisng money for the Ivorian Hope Charity.
Woot woot! RT: : The #BEER that made Milwaukee Famous and the first beer I ever drank is following.
Good times during #AIGAinNYC2012 Miss all the running jokes...
What the hell was going on there? I'm smack amid hockey country and they have the sound up on the NBA game. WAT?!
if you are over 13 you should NOT make Silena Gomez,Justin Bieber,twilight,Jonas brothers,Cody simpson reffrences..grow up people.
Marketplace broke a story about This American Life getting a story wrong and All Things Considered reported on how it all happened
not perfect.. just forgiven.
I am EXCEEDINGLY terrible about self-promotion, am always amazed at those who do it well and/or without pause.
I'm excited to celebrate 5 years cancer free with friends tonight!
I had you big, i had you small, i don treally give a shit, i love them all. Big whit zig zag ect.............
Jon Bon Jovi is doing Advil commercials. What a rock star. In other news Keith Richards is doing speedball commercials.
Brewster Kahle is striving to build Alexandria Library II so that anyone anywhere anytime can have access to the world's knowledge
Colton (HMC fighter) just won by rear naked choke in 1st Rd at Tuff N Uff!!!!
I was up so high lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall
My butt is a problem when buying jeans :(
Dozen oysters, standing, solo. Lincoln center may be less horrible than I'd thought?
Haha crazy ass
thanks dude. I know you don't write the headlines - so wasn't trying to bust on you at all.
Is it an ancient golf ball? lol Totally kidding btw
MP's Soul Food in NoHo. Great food and sercice.
I'm watching play Deadrising.
Boy you got my heartbeat running away
i can't wait to see how you act around her...
neighbors are the BEST! lol.
Here is the test to find whether or not your mission on earth is finished: If you are alive, it isn�t
You actually think da GOD of da whole universe is waiting for YOU to decide whether your gonna walk down a isle and accept him or not?really
It will be at the Rhatigan Student Center room 203, tomorrow Monday 10/12, at 1:30 PM. Anyone is welcome to come out.
I wouldn't say slow -- more like persistence and tenacity! Is this going to be a global release?
fosters and grilled cheese and chili !.. and if you have mood disorders get help med marijuana ! legal should be
haha good question...may be grounds for a
Where are you throwing the Southern Tide Event? In Charlottesville? What location? Keep us informed!
ill be in the club nigga throwin money while everything goin down
hey stranger
and also SM Bros. You collect all the coins and fight dragons.
I love you too babbbeee!
caption contest ..."on the road again"
Where you goin?
I'm outside the class. -_- it's locked. RT : where is is she dead!!!! :O
“: When the water has too much chlorine so your teeth squeak #swimmingproblems” OHMYGOSH!
Like talk? :)
“: Guys, help us trend #ProstitutionForNicki, just so she knows how we feel about having no tickets!! Go!” thats stupid .
I just need a clone. Or a drink.
This weekend included four (!!) derby bouts, Avengers, and lots of friendtime. Not quite enough sleep, though, so fixing that shortly.
Can never go wrong with
No force in the 'verse can stop me.
Guarantee I'll get you in trouble.
It's an issue how much I love Blaine... sigh...
HellzYeah I do ! Finally feel like I've arrived at the train station, which we'll just call DESTINY :) It's only just beginning
yea ok whatever!
Got a B on my Spanish test!
y'all up for #Battle this weekend if Mr.frequent flyer miles is back intown? 🔫🔫🔫🔫
The 3rd Annual Lake County Senior Shootout Set For April 13th
there's this awesome band and you should totally play their song "One More Time" on the radio =)
At the Library have no internet but when i do going to play some blackopps online for x-box360
Q: What's your favorite mom-ism? We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping this week!
same thing happens with asparagus
I can't right now
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Looking for low cost spay/neuter services and vaccination packages for your dog or cat? Check out the Spay/Neuter Clinic!...
That is SO COOL!
I can recall when we were brainwashed into actually believing that women did not deserve equal pay for equal work.
Working 10 hours today. Getting up at 6am for a fashion meeting and then working 12-8.. God I better get this bearinstein bears job !!
Some of these gals have Diamond from the Player's Club as their patron saint. Hee hee...just saying. Brought to you by Ciroc. :)
“: Time for a nice healthy breakfast of hard Liquor.”
Most attractive person i following ➡➡➡➡➡➡
listening to warm up for their show in our little library for children. la la la la!
“ “ YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO INSPIRE YOUR BROTHERS.””
Thanks silk!
FIX HER
I'm literally taking this one day at a time.
Wait a minute this AINT SNOW , IT'S MUDAFUCKING COCAIN ! Yes ! Now only if it rained WEED…
not much
Thanks! :) RT : #ff for awesome deals and info about Foursquare in Boston.
Mitt Romney - the best the GOP could do. Thank God not the best America can do, however.
Uh-oh! We are losing followers!
Any recommendation for a great merchant credit card processor who has a solid API and excellent support?
ikr.. toes crossed too
uplifting fact of the day: one in five divorces are blamed on remyboy
TY for the RT. Love what u do!
so true just landed here last night to the pour down, enjoy your friends like me!
Good Morning my fellow friends & family HeHe! I pray you have a blessed day. Stay positive today :)
yeah right. if that's Wade who takes that foul, its called a flop.
YEEE I CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER #COOLMORNING2 (: #YEE IT'S GONNA BE #DOPE :D
Hey Did U Ever Get My Song And Pic???
": Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man." ►Right after breathing
I can be the most irritable, cranky, downright rude, demanding, hot mess of a person, and this guy will fight thru it. 👏
I feel like my head is going to explode. That's like writing a cook book when all you know how to do is burn toast.
I'm to young to do porn. And scared :P
You're enjoying this entirely too much.
T3 I don't think so... I think most people aren't too interested in Meaningful Use. (tho they should be!)
I love my friend to death, but her friends are boring as fuck.
Had a peek at the new Argyle dashboard this afternoon - very excited!
In LaCrosse at the Making Parity Real Symposium that our team coordinated. Grt audience! Lrn more @ www.makingparityreal.org
Master of his domain
Would it be possible to get an interview with you? ^.^
no problem girlie!
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Might sign but OKC matches it RT : Say planets align, OKC cant extend Harden, how much should Cavs offer him? $12M?
Good day to all the twitterheads out there juss wanna thank god for allowing me to see another day
Thank you! RT: Good work of non-profits
Call me asap sis.
uy! Not you! Lmao germs! *sprays germ repellent bottle *
Happy Mothers Day! Thanks for everything you've done for me. I love you mom! You're the best mom in the world! ♥
The tablet/kiosk opt-in sounds familiar. :)
Sending you a DM...
Reading books was like debating with dead ppl in the columns. Like I wiped my brain with the pages.
Great time in Denver, looking forward to Tuesday's Swap at Fluid in San Francisco
I don't think these sleeping pills are working anymore :(
Thanks! I have no doubt I am going to end up totally addicted. Just what I need, another obsession LOL.
Ok , I sent a test.
steve, thank you for tinkering in your garage and making this all possible. fortunate to have been alive during your time. RIP
I didn't think you did :)
wolf Blitzer did an outstanding job of allowing the gen public TO get an understding of the GOP radical idiots that are running!!!
ic ... should be a good time.
Ello, I'd be happy to text you. ^^
[cont'd] Jerry Seinfeld, Captain Janeway (the actress, not the character)...anyway - happy birthday to you!
I never had a problem with flip phones.
So, I wonder if that's contact on Twitter?
how loud is it right now at the arena?
I really REALLY miss Milwaukee. Would love to work here again HINT HINT Milwaukee PD's. Like hint muthafuckin hint!!!
Agreed. Very poorly calculated on his part.
In other news my roommate does not walk....she drags her feet across the hardwood floors. Major pet peeve of mine.
Take my razor and sign your name across my wrists so that everyone will know who left me life this.
Drinks soon?
The 'Walmart' folder is stuff for work. The ' Apps' folder is for Apple apps that I use a lot but don't fit on the home screen.
Can't sleep o_O Someone sing me a lullaby
Same for that other Facebook dweeb!!!
good goal
I mean, if you have the opportunity to author an alliteration, are you not obligated to seize it?
I like that song :)
it's so painful!!!!
next up: friday, may 25th post-sox rock&roll at Who's On First? Boston!
that's love!
going to the LGBT business expo at the Javitts Center. Tweet if you're there.
5. #Sibos showcases wide range of outside voices: politicians, journalists, regulators, consultants; #MLA12 is predominantly academics
Help spread the word on likemind!
Thanks for the follow
i miss u so much and it wont let me follow u so follow me , <3 daniella <3
Life without stalkers, creeps & innapropiates just wouldn't be complete. It wouldn't make sense.
I really need to start my final paper like TODAY.
I bet the neighbors know your name. (;
My neighbor's stunning renditions of Third Eye Blind songs is apparently one of the things I miss by going to the office every day.
James Pattersons New Book "11th Hour" Is A Real Page Turner!
Now following
I am officially part of a Mosquito's balanced breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
2nd winning pick #NFL week 6 - Redskins/Chiefs - 37 -
Working from home on a program development template while listening to Led Zeppelin. Not a bad way to spend the Friday before Christmas
Aw(: that's so cool(:
#LA Artists!! Need Studio time?? Contact us at 310.947.6172 to schedule a session j.mp/jqO3Wz
who knew there were sparknotes for the Federalist Papers .-.
Hey do u live in Danville like CA :) ?
Thanks! Happy #WriterWednesday to you too
Great Day looking forward to what the print world has for us tomorrow.
We're working with Groupon on this one, but they are going to be returning it to the non-redeemers.
“: Almost... ;-) RT Almost as pretty as the #24 car ;-) #Corvette #BJA2012 Great cause Congrat
We are launching a new series called the Pittsburgh Beats for the music and DJ culture of Pittsburgh. 1st up, DJ Zimmie.
lol make me!
Feeling like a punk today. Alright;)
On the way to the show. So amped for this.
Sometime when you dont know "what to say"..say nothing..just let them know you love them.
Any word on Marcus? And his health how is he doing after the accident..
You're so welcome! Saw it forever ago & had to get it for you. What color did you get?
. on SuperCongress committee. Group represents leadership & not the American people. Damn we have lots of changes to make in 2012.
There's a new Turkish-inspired bar - Tel'Veh - coming to 401 Mass Ave, NW ... will serve Turkish coffee.
See you tonight at The Pretzelmen show? Midnight!
I love it! My favorite color even! :)
Facebook page of an old friend is getting comments. But he is gone. Good lord. I'm adding my Twitter & Facebook to the fine print of my DNR.
Good job Joe Inglett. Davis could've struck out looking himself.
Sometimes I think who would I rather be with.... Fake friends, family, co workers. NAW SPend THE NEXT 50 yrs with. # completesme!
Happy Valentine's Day!
yikes, poker stars and strips put down a full house of maple leaves! Gin rummie next!
I had the scariest dream, to the point where I woke up and puked. Wtf
I don't deserve this.
That sounds delicious :)
Made an instagram!! (: follow me and ill follow you! (: emilyrosekemp
Traffic on KRLD and Sirius XM Phoenix til 9....just found out this company (Metro) got sold to Clear Channel. Big News in Trafficland.
funniest fucking guy alive period period.
Oh, nice!
Thanks for the RT. Super cool product and fun project to work on!
so i finally listened to call me maybe for real and i aint gone lie, it be slidin (y)
The Darkness have a super awesome Christmas song! I put it on every Christmas mix.
Can't wait to get my sleeve done:-) # tattoos
I can't stop thinking about those poor puppies!
RT This waitress just brought me a half filled diet coke! I guess someone really doesn't want their full tip, lol!
How much ive changed in the last 3 months > > >
Best baseball account you're not yet following: The Binder knows all. Even when it doesn't.
The hunger games trip today.
": Derrick Rose is so valuable. What would they do without him... #ohwait."
Person dies in movie; "Eh. They probably desevered it." Puppy dies in movie: "WHAT THE F^CK! WHAT DID THE PUPPY DO?!"
to bruh i got u on tha 8th for ur birthday me u and tha bros are having a day out after i get tatted up on my gut
You promise you'll never leave, you promise goodness and mercry, shall follow me, surrounding me everywhere that I go!!! #GODLYTWEET :-)
oh, it's fine! & i'm doing pretty good, what about you? (:
Esme, do you have time to call in?
ESPN and the sports media were so pumped for these new nfl jerseys, and what do you know? None of them changed really.
Breakfast with my friends:))
US NATO soldiers killed, Korans burnt due to error, demonstrations in streets, $MM spent every month. When will we leave Afghanistan?
ugh why not!?
LETS GO POWER!
#RomneyClassicLit The Idiot
Crashing a youth group on Wednesday to see Kiros. :)
Stay tuned for the biggest sponsor announcement yet! In the meantime, recruiting WordPress help for the IgniteATL team. Anyone want to join?
major problems when you can't sell out 8 NFL games a year. No offense.
you improve the quality of my life. Just thought you should know...
This does not surprise me XD
Hi - thanks Byron. :)
But y'all know my line if it ain't doing shit for me it's not rellevant and im for fairness
The enemy will do anything in his power to bring you down, but the wonderful thing is God's power will always be greater!
it's better Now
who are YOU endorsing?
What a wonderful morning... Better than i thought it would be
I'm following his thoughts are uplifting.
omg ur my role model. ur awesome
always one foot on the ground.
Aw pussy is all wet I sprayed him with the hose
it's just ridiculous, especially this year, it's for their taking and they can't get it done
Groupon shares surge 20% ahead of earnings
I bet Michael was in on that mission.
concert was AMAZING!!! best night ever!!! the only thing that couldve made it better was if i got the right t-shirt. I <3 ANDY
Thx for idea! I may have to do that..I'm on peep overload! I found a ton of peep creations on #pinterest that looked fun too
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ No one likes me because i am weird as fuck
For once I feel like I'm actually making a difference.
I would have bought ya any wine you'd like since I've learned so much from you. La Cave (great wine joint in vegas)
Brewers fans galore on the Hiawatha!
Jason Isbell just finished up at # Oldsettlersmusicfestival. looking for !
when you get to Indy stop by the curling demo sheet in SB Village if you have some free time. Hope to see you in town!
I got a pig for a pet!
Same here! #10 is always packed. Might be ok if it ran as frequently as scheduled.
I legit hate it when people say "Can't beat them, join them" wtf kinda advice is that?
what song nigga?!
what up
Will do...
Happy Birthday , Have a good day , enjoy it to the fullest !! :D
my Chansey is keep fucking with me it says its evolving but then it doesn't hm....
what's the beginner first step in learning to scream vocals?
Legit spazzing right now
congrats! I'm working on my next album, so I'm taking a little break from gigs at the moment.
S/O to and follow them
#EMAC students if you still need a last minute course, check out PSY 3331! New section opened on Mondays!
I forgot... How fun it was to calculate self employment tax having worked in two states with state returns and three jobs... I love my job
Reading Edge #237. Listening 2 new trio record. Both r great representations of their art. Waiting 4 fixed minivan. :)
Khajida Ismaylov #ISOCDC roundtable on corruption. Azeri President's family created shell company, AzeriPhone, which won cellphone contract
Wearing my Giants hat and my Patriots zip up!
nice collection....:)
Just got out of dance!! :))
In 1958 today, the first radio broadcast, from space was transmitted by the US satellite Atlas.
Just downloaded my first children's app and now am picturing my next book as an app instead (except that I don't know how to make apps!)
Your work looks slick!
Haha okay just text me first to make sure I'm ready :D
where are we watching it!
I know I was sad AF lol
LOVE the show on When will give her own show?Love her! Sharp as a tack and pleasant to look at!
yayyyy i shall see you next period
Just landed 3 major hotels in Chicago to offer discounts to our members. Less than 2 months for the launching of www.DatingChicagoland.com!!
Bruce Willis will sue the creators of Max Payne 3 lol
Lots and lots and lots of spite for you arising my book lust.
Thinking about that 70's commercial..." I'd like to buy the world a coke, and keep it company..." what a great way to start off the week.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
Yessir! I'm ready to get this year goin. And I'm pulling for your Nets to get Dwight.. he'd be a great fit out there!
Playing in duo at the Tower Bar (Sunset Towers) tonight, 7-11.
Police aren't the only ones looking for a wanted South Florida man. See my live report at 6am on NBC6
you're not tall!!
I miss you and Corina! We need to hang out again really soon!
ok I followed u. Can u follow back?
... A tasty pie with a garlic ricotta base, mozzarella, red onions, mushrooms, apples, cashews, gorgonzola and topped with mandarin oranges.
BOL!!!! Betta believe it! But not right now. Catchn 💤 cuz had me scared to go to sleep last nite, lol! 👻
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing. What up how are you diabetic girl babycakes don't die on me love bug thug
Delta has another useless program. Business miles can't get upgrades but personal miles can !
again I'm intruding but AWE THAT IS SO FREAKIN CUTE . Ok, ok I'm done .
what's good my guy?!
Currently waiting on the BGC Vegas reunion. I'm ready to see Camille whoop everybody.
is going to be a brilliant follow
Thanks for the follow.
Is there truly a way to define a human being. Only if they allow themselves to be defined by it.
this traffic is ridiculous. 😡😡😡
Who stayed up too late last night?? ME! I DID! And who is showing their Twitter love first thing this lovely Sunday morning?? ME! IAM!!
dude spread the word, we'll hook you up!
: Agreed! It was one of the best I've seen in such a long time.
Haha! I was hoping you seen that! RT : Fuck For RT'ing the dumbassity of
Yet wildly popular. Happy B-day to both : Today is Twitter's birthday. Tomorrow is mine. We are both short and often irrelevant.
push back:)
eating a slice of red velvet cake perfection mom made it
If You like , then you will need to be at Much Ado About Brew April 2nd. Get your tix before they sell out - kgoradio.com/beer
Saxophones are the worst
well headed to the hospital to see if my hand is broken...
oh my...how is it that my sister has a 4.0 in school but doesn't know what Amish means? -.-
-no i was there & bored! The show was really slow.
the Strait theory was mostly conceived on his performance in Sky High as Warren Peace, angsty bad-ass. *G*
Might give in to getting Instagram
my bad! You will get approval rights next time! :-)
I refuse to buy another #brewers ticket until they stop playing like a bunch of overpaid chumps. They're worse than Rihanna in Battleship.
Hey there, I ♥ local music! Right now helping promote - have you heard of him?
RT : Make sure to stop and talk to and the team during our upcoming Asia Virtual Fair March 31st
Many schools are closing early today for fear of tornadoes this afternoon.
my co wokrer telling me how her man wont give her no dick " see i tell you everything''
No school this week :) yay
It's sad to say but yes smh. I read a couple of articles that confirmed facebook is going to go public on friday. Smh again...
You think you know someone, & then realize you had no idea.
listening to you discuss your jury duty must hav jinxed me got a summons 1st time ever and im 39
Great meeting with my networking group! Good luck Brad!
On the 1st day of my #vacation...I went back to sleep
Lunching in IAH & the speakers sing "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas". Me? Not so much--I'm not in agreement.
What table were you at? Haha. Twitter makes ANC a small town.
Training in the rain after two classes off, with a neck that isn't swiveling quite right-Love it! :-)
Twitter is suggesting people for me to add. I'm adding them, even though I don't know who most of them are. I hope they're interesting!
yea Joe you wouldn't get this one! He played in the early 80's.
. What do you think about T.S. Eliot?
I'm down!
hey please follow back i really would like to message you for the tix! x
same here!!
Cheers to a new year... and another chance to get it right!
Dont forget!Serving lunch beginning Monday June 20, 2011.Delicious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. One Up...not "just" a nightclub.
its put the cereal box in the fridge kind of morning isn't it?
Thanks bro! ": Great meaning you this week. Look forward to God continually doing great things through you!"
the bottom line is that no one really knows for sure if justin and selena broke up, so we should all just stop talking about it.
DUMPED DUMPED
Oh How I love thee
Will you mentor me? I have issues.
Oh, nice! Are you going to the session? If so, take notes for us!
Alright FAC Heads, it's been a good run..thanks for all of your support, our doors are officially closed. Stay in touch...STAY LIFTED!
Forgiving others is a must. But make sure not to sweep your pain under the rug.
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life
Thanks for the shout! :)
Whatcha doin homies??? It's officially HAPPY HOUR!!!! Come get a cold drink on our patio or by our breezy windows!!!!!
I saw you are getting a new show. When/where is it supposed to air?
I love the last line in the #GrantLand piece. " The king will stay the king, as long as he wants the crown ".
Nothing better than finding out your friends talk about you.. If you have something to say about me, say it to me. Not to everyone else.
your life looks beautiful and yummy
bite me!
At the bellagio hotel in vegas have drinks with friends and listening to music and a bit of dancing.
"stretch goal"
WMYB played & Zayn's part came on & I.yelled "MOM ITS MY HUSBAND" ha I'm cool (;
Whutchu wanna bet? RT : I bet the Laker lose tonight!
Happy mother's day to my mom and all the other moms
we love you all...Nana wanted me to tweet you all for her! <3 XOXO :)
Good Morning : D
Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K. Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail. Says something about him.
Do you know the context for the Harley-golf cart video? (Also, I now see where you boys got your love of gadgets...!)
That is so smart. I can never part w/my favorite clothing even if I haven't worn it in a while. Especially anything
u didnt invite me for conveyor belt sushi with 's parents? I'm hurt
Sounds like me grading final essays -- due Tuesday at noon. Eek! Why am I checking Twitter???
High hopes there. “: #Browns and #Cavs sure have a shitload of early picks in 2012 Drafts. Better not screw it up guys.”
Join us at #FETC room S230F to see the #evscicats Anatomy of a Revolution
in all honesty by doing a video blog you would open yourself to a new audience today ppl watch more videos than read blogs
7lbs one week, off to a good start! Now to keep at it..
of course. There's a surprise down there for ya ;)
hahaha favorite quote of the night. I am excited to tweet some innapropriate pics soon of that debauchery
RT : Awesome to see devote substantial coverage to #HornofAfrica famine: visibility will help drive donations .
I refuse to let Monday get the best of me today...lol I wonder how long that will last
requested the day off for mothers day but slept in till now -__- damn u vicodin for givin me such lovely sleep
It’s been said, “Habits form a second nature.” But I say addiction to specific pain killers can transform one into a different creature!
RT : Indiana Jones and the Mountain of Object Provenance Paperwork #lesserknownIndianaJonesmovies (via )
Madonna: bitch, you from michigan--not london. What's with that fake ass accent???
VoteIndeCan is a left leaning site. Any real independent can through this deception
is there a new teen wolf coming out?
Being Chicago, I don't know if I should live-tweet with the east coast or the west coast. I could swing either way.
RT : "Anyone who dares to waste one hour of life has not yet discovered the value of life." - Charles Darwin
Chloe Sevingy just walked into my nail salon. Last I saw her, I was telling my intern to stop bothering her at our Swarovski event.
CAN YOU DIG IT?!
auditioned for a principal role for the BBC Television Series, The Fugitive Chronicles, in Miami. The producers were impressed with me!
I enjoyed r yummy bkfst & hope u can make it out to #SanDiego soon so I can take u to -Allie ()
You really think I have it done?
Whats for dinner?
If everyone thinks its pretty good it probably won't work
Women. A trans Atlantic call and they talk about tea. And we're dependent on what they want to buy based on advertising. Go figure that.
We can't wait for to relaunch www.honorsocietymusic.com, can you?
i just keep wondering why i keep getting answers to questions i&#39;ve never ask. stop projecting your insecurities like they&#39;r…
will you be joining us at the KGO beer and food festival on April 2nd? We'd love to have you there.
Can you please come to my house friday and do my hair and makeup for prom? I'm stressed.
thanks!! We miss you too!! xoxo,
#vsa2011 practicing our stalking I mean tracking in Science Storms Three Methods Workshop
Sending positive thoughts to as she has surgery today!
NEW VIDEO SHOOT THIS SATURDAY AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES COME FUCK WITH ME
Koch & ALEC members are treasonous forces who wrap themselves in the flag and carry the Christian cross...beware America!
In 1973, made $9,100 for the year. His take: "Better than what Arianna pays most of her bloggers."
The New York Knicks are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the Madison Square Garden. Call now to get your game tickets: 888-493-0004
i was on my fake boss shit n that pic lol
Really don't wanna hear anything on #tiger. Let's celebrate the man that won and how he got there. Freaking is da man
Im not worried Mr Green. Do you.
I can't wait to read some JB. Fiction?
What's worth coming out at midnight to see? Testing the limits with Lockout. Low expectations but maybe the previews will rock.
-Bad Girl Club Is Really Crazy,,,,
lol scar is more independent :) she don't bother me unless I'm laying in bed then she curls up around my head for some reason
Last Day of Autism Awareness Month - Tell me what you've done to raise awareness!!
Good Ones
haha would what?
wet hot american summer.
Yes! Please remind me. Thank You God!
The palace!! RT ": Nights at 's place never fail to entertain."
I'll be presenting a bit of my new research to the New Media and Literature Group at Rutgers on Dec. 15. So excited!
Timbers break out with a flurry of 2nd half goals in opening night 3-1 win! Coverage coming up on at 11
anything bout vader's elephant mask or road dogg or billy gunn or new age outlaws or rikishi or the rock?
Why the fuck did my twitter unfollow everyone ://
maybe the wall art sucks...
we shall see
STOP screaming im trying to be serious!!! GOD -ashton kutcher
God, you're so fucking annoying. Shut the fuck up before i get up and bitch slap you!
The older i get the less people i trust
Laundry is always fun though ain't it.
Tip: As you prepare for the chat, you may want to become familiar with the quick tools on the right side of the page
3/19/1791->Lafayette: Our country, my dear Sir, (& it is truly yours) is fast progressing in its political importance, and social happiness.
he must have put the beat down on the guy
how do you lose followers by being hacked?
Need a local band for tomorrow night, any bands available and interested?
hey guys how are you if you guys see this please follow me :) love you guys your music is just amazing :)
I'll def think of you, while pre-partying. I'll have a Miller Lite for ya!
lol I hope your alright man
Shit just got real. People getting tased n shit at the beach
Thorstein Veblen~ Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
Yeah i live my life by music lyrics but would u kno me any other way???? Probably not...
Do you remember when WGAL used to have those little signs along roadsides? You can still find them every once in a while.
easter bunny comes tonight!
Last time #NBA block champion had 100 or more blocks than the 2nd place finisher. 1984-'85 Mark Eaton (456) Olajuwon (220). Eaton won DPOY
Notice that if you blow in a dogs face it goes mad, yet when you take him on a car ride he sticks his head straight out the window? -My son-
So glad you came and so glad you enjoyed it! Penny did an amazing job!
... teach my Real Ryder class (of course right?)
people ask giorgia stupid things on her tumblr. its waisting her time. "are cody and kylie dating?" ..do you really think she'd answer that?
TY! It was fun as it always is tasting @ the Bin! Love the hospitality of the owners!:) Italian wine there tonight, eh? I'm in.
I made it then!!!!
Oh, absolutely. Good on a couple of different levels.
MayDay Inc. providing quality personal assisting services to the best in the entertainment and fitness
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
Lets go bynum is a beast
Nice. I will be teaching a creative photography workshop this fall at Watkins College of Art and Design. I'll know dates soon.
About to meditate. I really need to clear my mind...
#PhilOchs Thanks, Neal!
looks busy up there with the train crash....working on that at all?
And a reductive argument would be better because? I don't see how complexity and context are damaging.
Conducted my first ever focus group tonight. Learned some great things about how students want to be communicated with thru tech.
hey! i run a street team too! you should totally check them out(: have a great day! xoxo
Debate in Delaware
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!!!! hope you have a great one(: Let's finish this year with a smile(:
Hey to you!
RT u good?? Yea im goin home its too cold in the d
oh god no! Dm me your email and i'll send you info
#smbmad sya it anint so . Get your butt over there, first 15-20 min will be intro and housekeeping. Go hear the speaker
thank you!
more- usher
You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) - Dead or Alive. It was the single. Spent two weeks allowance on it.
Liar liar.
Watched a couple of very bizarre movies. Little Deaths last night, Sleeping Beauties tonight. Loved the first, liked 2nd. Charlie hated
i like your sweatshirt! when are you having your spring 2012 fashion show?
Gearing up for my paper on Grimms in the U.S. Early, yes. But what in life that's worth seeing isn't? You should all come, #pcaaca folks.
yu have a funny voice
You guys watching the division series? Yesterday I watched the game w/Wikipedia open, of course!
RT : #coachmule i think the woman is interested in the babysitter. And thats what she's really worried about......
Yo what up Boi! Stopping by to say what up & great mixing at KISS FM yesterday! Especially that 5min freestyle! (SHEEESH) lol
Break up, then break a sweat. We should stay together, than we argue again.
Well, "Experimenter" role is also hampered due to past abuse/stereotype: IT as tinkerer with cool tech. Key is tech as means.
Yeah, i'd say I'm always lost deep in thought. Never said I liked it though. Especially not now.
if I don't do it my mommy takes my phone )):
JUST SENT THE PICTURE I PLAN ON PAINTING ON THE WALL OF HER NEW HIIZITY HIZ HOUSE
Yep, & sometimes :p
do a dare.
Good Morning! Let people know you care.
Go Pack keep fighting the big fight Packers are still champions in the hearts and minds of fans! God bless!
im an Aquarius
thanks man but I have a lot of work to do
lol, your calorie count is now at 700% of your weekly allotment - rice & water for next 2 weeks ;-)
catch it in your mouth like your last name moss
A1) Our first step to re energizing our dreams as to embrace where we are and start from there.
Happy Record Store Day! Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
krave is good...
Don't listen to niggas and the bullshit they feed you.
Oops, didn't mean to do that.
DRUMMERS DRUMMERS DRUMMERS!!! FORGETTING LYDIA NEEDS A NEW DRUMMER READY TO WRITE AND PLAY SHOWS. IF INTERESTED LET US KNOW, AND IF YOU...
Omgsh if I wanted it, I would of taken it already. And stop being a bitch, no one likes a mean person.
Hi ! Just submitted email through your website. Hope we can connect! Think there are some great ways to collab
man, lamest fool ever, right with to the legends captain
Already done today: bank, haircut, Trader Joe's, lunch at California Pizza Kitchen. A very productive morning!
I have some funny looking people where I stay
is the best! Always there to check in :) #goodfriend thanks for everything!
Grand Jury indictes Henry Hickman who set fire to his home with x-wife and children inside-County Attorney seeking life sentence.
Welcome to all my new followers. I will follow you back this week as soon as I get some free time...promise! I look forward to your tweets.
Bad News: Ebuxing.com lauch is delayed. Good News: Even more profit making opportunity 4 U are being added that caused the delay.
Unanimous vote in support of all five nominees to the Board of Social Work.
arigt guys im off to school follow me i follow back
I think we should start scouting for DS soon. Internet and day walks.
Look for more in the future, though...I am going to be doing more history stuff to slowly build some twitter friends
Thanks big homie.
☼ Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. Isaac Bashevis Singer
Damn you do it to me<3
RT : On OVERWHELM "Eggs cannot be unscrambled." ~American Proverb
Junior is #^#%*^#! Loose. He's having a hard time "driving this mother*^#+*%!
miss mimi pink is ready to get this party started!
When you have to wear a hazmat outfit to clean your house, think you have a problem.
just had a dream I was on a plane going kansas
Family from mexico today ❤
Woke up to the sounds of espn
i want to upload a picture of my sisters christmas gift but i dont want #oomf to tell her what it is :)
The digital installation Westward Bound begins today at the African Burial Ground
thank you! 😘
I'm lookin for a Cutey wit a BIG ole' ghetto booty
No, but we have increased your monthly data transfer to 3000GB/mo from 2000GB/mo.
Gettin' to be just about that time for 10 (#IB10). Yours truly will be manning the Twitters for the event. Say hello!
Hold my hand
not this time ace
Y que un chichote, ah?
I'ma tell you one time and one time only. It's KiD KA$H, not Young Kev.
you look your so gorgeous because you wear short shorts and push your boobs into your face. Way to go bitch.
browse with what? Don't believe there is a safari app! Plenty of other browser app the best is opera!
Thanks for the follow and for your very interesting tweets,
#schoolmemories when they played WMYB on the intercom and I had a total freak out It was sad/funny and I realized 1D has taken over my life.
2nd time you have lost my payment. If I have to keep track of 1 more 18 digit case # I am going 2 drop U faster than U drop my calls.
Finally got my Mickey D's I'm good to go :)
“: ay man good jammin with you..let's collab soon” mosdef son! That was dope. Will do
140 characters! We can't fit all the epithets in.
Thanks for the RT
Thanks for the links, it was a great and overwhelmingly positive brainstorm! Cheers!
Brook is shopping for a prom dress today.
Wish I could be at #BSECS -- would be more fun I think than #MLA12. Will look forward to tweets.
Folks with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them may ever visualize.
haha okay, and I swear I was following u but it said I wasn't so I am now hahah this happened before to me too with other people
Did you see the upcoming NJEA tech conferences BTW? You were disappointed about not hearing of them last year.
The pacifier in 4th hour
Stop actin so damn tuff & jus tell me you love me like you did 2 days ago_
Not feelin the blue hair but #KatiePerry is sexy!!!
So ready for this week to be over!!
nice review! I still have visions of sweet potato tots dancing in my head :)
Sent you a note about Dallas neighbors using Nextdoor to sell Girls Scout cookies. Thought it could be great for Dallas Moms.
its ok
Just woke up #ThankGod1st about to go put in work at 24
": RT if you want to #BringSoftballBlack #standtogether #SoftballFamily" bring back olympic softball!!!
You can't get high on life you spiritual asshole.
Great video Andy!
I'm lol'n so much its ridiculous. I can't stop.
Where are you interviewing?
Lehhhhhgooooooo LAL Win or go back to DEN Thursday Faq!!
EXTRAS NEEDED! Anyone interested in standing-in as extras for a funeral scene @ Griffith Park early April? Contact:
I saw you came late. I had to leave. The workers finished at the condo and I needed to inspect. It looks so awesome.
didn't Liverpool players respect him?
African jungle degree of illness quarantines me this Friday night, like Michael Crichton meets Sweet Valley High
Ugh I wanna go see the hunger games!!!
"When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am."
RT : Yo! went live today. Friends are doing gnarly things. Check it out and signup!
to the den?
to me work is a holiday from boredom
4 p.m. and our patio is open and waiting! Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want. We've got it.
Did you see our Ad. in the #WSJ yesterday (p. B-5)? I'd love to hear feedback!
uh oh im taller than ari and im only 13 5'3
MY LAST TWEET DOES THAT MATCH.?
So funny you mention it, that word took me years and years to get right. I had to stop earlier to verify.
i dont think theyll call him up for a while but when he does get called up he'll be an all star
It's clearly a bildungsroman wherein the metanarrative dramatizes the mouse/bunny's grapplings with The Mirror Stage. [-]
What topics do you want to see at this years Beer-Con?
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Game 7 snitches! Let's go
thanks for the follow ! Kudos to your professional staff in Santa Clara.
Let the Laker hate begin...
What's up dude! I'm just getting into tweeting
Xavier: "compact, compact, fat ass lol."
This year is goin to be my year
haha no way man!! Don't tell me he doesn't :P
no :( insensible.
#hashtagfail ;) #shehechat but i agree! RT : I agree, nothing inspires confidence like knowing your topic
#FF some of our latest tweeters
Superhero ice cream with the gumballs in it , memories .
You know there is.
I am impressed :) RT : Just successfully rebooted the coffee machine and now I have Hot Chocolate - result :-)
Couldn't be much prouder of my daddy & that bob cats!! #statebound 💙⚾👍😊
The ever-popular iPhoneSlutz is next up at 10AM Pacific - www.iphoneslutz.com - #app reviews, #iphone news, and .... sleaze
No one at Indigo Tree Publishing has anything to do with Justin Bieber in any form or fashion whatsoever, which makes us non-mainstream.
Had a good time at the San Genero thing today :) gotta tiger.
Guess its less then wat I thought it was. Haha played again owell ha
Is #12Large trending yet? Love and miss you, Alex. <3
You oughta be the presenter for that one. RT : first topic of social media forum....cats.
Now Playing ♪ Revenge by Ray McVay Sound
I wish I was in Hawaii right now.
Please tell me your joking... I'd puke.
Nowling said vote on grade centers first, then opt- in/out
If God is for us who is against us? He who did not withhold his own Son but gave him up for us, will he not also give us everything else?
They let him get away with it all the time, but no one else can.
University of Massachusetts Medical School quietly grows into major research presence
you inspire me to follow my dreams! I love you so much, Liam!♥
Watching Joe Dirt with Rob. Relaxing all day. Rangers game later tonight.
Yeah! The Balloon Museum was just voted by readers of ABQ the Mag as Best storytime venue for "Stories in the Sky"! Thanks!
pants suck.
Hungry what should I eat??
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
that's great!
“: NASCAR & Fox putting on clinic on how to use Twitter to enhance a broadcast and build brands." no doubt!
her version of "all i want for christmas is you" -- is my absolute favorite!
Lol Girl Boo It Was A Hug Nd A Hand Hold. Are You Goin To His Party.?
Love that Sea-Tac is waking me up with a dose of local music.
life and times last night was awesome! tonight will likely include appleseed cast, fun, casket lottery, and fucked up. you?
“ Rayna don't need no more suzie”whhhaattt?! i do need her
thunder is by far one of my favorite sounds!!
loloololOMG I'm so freakin Weak
RT : Latest update from the crews. Full restoration could take until 6 p.m., esp for about 400 customers w/out power in...
please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks Ovi is just throwing a big hissy fit about his suspension by not competing in the ASG
Those bitching about how p2p killed the music industry are either too old to understand the new system, or not willing to accept change
LEADING STRONG INTO ANOTHER WEEK OF CONSISTENT MARKETING. Discipline up, message continuous n' upbeat - anyone for a Mocha? I'm buying!
nice one. Should mention Sleepytime Gorilla Museum too
US declares "Swine Flu" a public health emergency.
Annihilating all that's made to a green thought in a green shade. -Marvell
Wajcman's data on cell use seems very family-oriented. What about those in alt forms of community? What about singles? Queers?
Sora's off Sunday :) sorry I didn't text yesterday my phone died at noon
Shop is busy today. Not a good time to get in. Tomorrow will be better.
never met anyone who could make me smile quite like you .
“: as they should! :) U and the wife should come hear me sing one weekend !!” you there tom?
Cross country skiing; what is more boring than that? Also,
Hats off to #Fiji & #Samoa for giving the fans at Sam Boyd such a great match! Samoa takes the win, but just barely, 14-12
Thanks! Love working here.
I think I WILL like it, I hope so anyway, but there is no "obamacare" yet, at least not for me.
sure ! ^-^ immature have to do it tmrw morning ! ^-^ anything for my #unicornswagg buddie <3
Why didn't you tell me before I left ASU to start a PhD at USC in Los Angeles? Seriously though, will video of talk be posted online?
So good! Love rancid love DMS bands, cypress hill, cant beat it RT : gangsters & thugs!
Awake very early in the morning. Have some rent to pay.
Support #SFGiants push to the Playoffs! Free shipping on shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers. WeBeGreater.com Duck the Fodgers!
“ some ppl be lookin any kinda way in public..tragic” Hell Yeah... Smh
hahaha thanks! :-) pink makes me happy
not home for Passover??
have fun!!
yeah it really will
Thank you for the follow!!
RT : Q: "I am doing a research paper, on the different ways of researching papers, and am trying to find different methods of...
Farewell . I'm moving back to Texas just to piss off all the guys who have been waiting to get with me for months .
um yeah, that looks pretty broke. I'm glad you didn't make the news. Seriously, we just about choked when we heard! Great job!
NP! I'm good, let's grab coffee or cocktails and catch up soon! xoxo
I just made 114 dollars at applebees for my first night alone...and this was a Sunday!
I am ecstatic about all of my classes this semester, especially music technology and professional report writing! It's gonna be great!
It was Ginger that we couldn't remember.
“If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart. I'll stay there forever." --- Winnie the Pooh.
Using hate as a general emotion for now on Baby I hate you. Him O_o why? You waste a lot of my time and energy.
Watching the pre-season game... Why isn't Casey Matthews in a Packer jersey!?! That would have been UNREAL!
All I want in life right now is Panda Express or Chipotle.
HOPEFULLY SHE GETS THE POINT NOW
And one more thing "traditionalists", Romney is MORMON. But everyone's fired up over gays marrying one other person..
I will follow anybody and everybody that fOllows go follow her now.! 
New Exclusive Instrumental Starting At $110. There Are 3 Original To Choose from, Send Your Music To
": This one thing I KNOW GOD is for me! Nothing else needs to be said !"
Cinco de Mayo celebration - $1 off tequila shots, $4 Margaritas & Tequila Sunrises, & a yummy fiesta menu!
You've always prided yourself on being able to "talk the talk" and "walk the walk," but a stroke will soon leave you unable to do either.
Thank you!
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
I am going to walk The Line today starting in Chelsea.
today marks a sad day because it is the Final episode of Season 4. After today, I can't wait for season 5!!
I'm in charge of tomorrow's Program Team meeting. Anyone have a bell & mallet I can borrow?
I want to focus on Networking, Etiquette, Info Management, Privacy...? What am I missing?
I still wanna be her friend but I can't love her anymore. It will be very hard to forget about her cause she is amazing in every way
In a league of my own.
congrats! proud of yu son..
I second that--thx for recommending us! RT : Minneapolis's Galactic Pizza is great! Thanks for the recommendation,
Thanks for the RT. How about them #sixers?
u hav a memory gap ?!
Past 72 hours: 3 ex's apologizing 2 me What gives? Just because u went 2 church Sun. Doesn't mean I want 2 hear about your sins against me.
Are you doing the bronze, silver, or gold tour?
Fox says Orton is starting QB for now
At #ala11? Stop by and see us at booth 2239 and win a USB drive. First 3 people to show us this tweet win!
damn. Just read that and watched the videos. Guess I'm buying that!!
Vote the idiots out!
Dave turns 20 today! Be sure to wish him a happy birthday!!!
What's the most important thing you want to see come of this walk? Reclaiming the word slut? Knowledge about sexual assault? Share with us!
Strategy-the art of making use of time & space. Space we can recover, lost time never. -Napoleon ...Happy Monday <3 Work your day~
The best way to have a billionaire's mindset is to eliminate all fears towards the attainment of your financial goals in life.
Why does my widescreen tv still have a letter box when I watch a movie? Doesn't the widescreen solve that problem?
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll like yourself so much better!
RT : walmart? I'm concerned
Oh, stories from Mistress Flegenheimer will be the first of many losses :(
do u know if the road is still closed in mossy grove in morgan county??
RT AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday.
hope you have a rockin awesome day! :D
Have students read the whole text in print, then hyperlink only an extract - that way, more likely they'll read both.
kinda true.
Gonna take a nap :)
YOU SUCK.
Q2. Benefits/drawbacks of working in #travel?
SIGN THE PETITION FOLKS! GET ON TWITTER AND SHARE IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS! RIP TRAYVON!
Suddenly he was shocked backto himself
#desperatemove RT : PRINCE OF MOTOWN: Prince Fielder reportedly agrees to 9-year, $214 million contract with
Get ready for fall with a new look. AMAZING Headshots starting at $60! Be authentic. Be you. STAND / OUT!
I'll be home in 10 minutes. You know what that means? Naptime nigga.
what if you're busy?
lol. Ok, you are both off the hook til Wed. Have a good evening
do you know cz at all?
I drove westbound on W. Wash this pm! Construction's almost over
Here we go 3 states 7 venues in til Sunday come and find us!!!
Lebron is a stat sheet stuffer supreme
Solid pick Packers. Filling the need
Just went through the drive-thru at Taco Bell without shoes and I still got service.
You never really can fix a heart!
tell your mom Wonderbread approves! That'd be so amazing.
Canappi is really geared towards building mobile solutions, so the UI model is trying to be ASimpleAP
I'm amazing! When are you guys coming to KY?
Acting like I can't hear you because of my headphones. #Seattle #Metro Life.
They DO hear what I'm thinking. It's in the book. :) So far, I'm out of the mental hospital. So far.
"Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk. I beat the pussy up. She was Rodney King, I was 4 cops."
#Nuts: #Pistachio is an old friend. It is rich in #protein, #Omega-3 and 6. Helps improve good
When everybody wants see you fail and you prove them all wrong that #GivesYouWings !
Good morning Denny, hang in there
Got Chili's for dinner tonight :)
the website says not until the last day of school, but idk...
Day 3 of "30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!" :)Today's pick is for HS. The Manga Guide to Calculus by Hiroyuki Kojima, Illus. by Shin Togami
If the deadegsist in the past than I must atend to the futer
RT : Ahem. Paul Ryan voted against Simpson-Bowles
I checked. Already done :-)
12 hours till class. Ugh.
:) Thanks for asking, we are learning every day how to make things easier/better thanks to folks like you!
Calvin Harris tonight! You do not want to miss tonights rager!!
Just received a credit card statement on which I owe $1.55. I think I'm just going to make the minimum payment this month.
In talk by Dr. Knight, CEO of Scott & White: "radical changes will be needed for health care reform to succeed & they will anger everyone."
Thank you to all the soldiers who served or died to give us the rights we have today. We love and appreciate it :)
HA! I knew it! You really are sisters! =D I'm game - can't dance but will make a fool of myself anyway! =D
#FollowFriday One of my fav days! :-) Follow and RT
#HappyBirthdayTMoney LOVE YOU !!!!! 
Shoutout to Face up in the D <<< FOLLOW!!
Coffee is a cure-all for everything ;)
thank you! We are excited to tweet with you!
sure hope to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front. Go Cats!!
thank you!
I understand, but the paper didn't make the employees the subject, the attackers did, but I see what you mean
Something I have learned as an adult is everyone can, and will, prove to you their true character. Very disappointing...very disappointing.
Make it something healthy and let us know what you picked! :)
Already failed this test and I havent even turned it in...
"I never hurt anybody a lot of guys go out to hurt people. I'm not interested in tht." Curtis said. By Bill Bighaus The Gazette Staff 2005
I love #Seattle. I can sit next to a man or a woman on the bus and still get hit on. Great for the self-esteem.
cute! Bribery. Gets things done! She'll love it!
Has anyone ever had their house broken into? Have you gone through the trouble of dealing with the insurance agencies? Tell us your story!
it feels so weird/ guilty when i'm not sitting at a public services desk...
Come visit Pandawinks Diaper Cakery at the Peanut Festival in Jay, FL1
7 weeks to train for the Marine Corps Marathon, wonder if that's enough time...
Thanks for the RT!!
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon. Emil Zatopek
where did you find your knive?
ask away!
Congrats in Richmond, VA: 2 interactive touchscreen systems up, providing prospects with leasing & living in the area info!
Now the "Downton Abbey" withdrawal symptoms begin.
These bitches singing <<<>
That Grantland article on Cal reveals one thing: He's more powerful than tv contracts.
I told u I was going to leave
I agree with call a timeout and get Berggren in the game. I want to go down with my best shooters on the court.
Valentine's Day - its just around the cornert - you better not disappoint anyone - we still have spaces at The Clifton Inn
I'm sure I'll see you in person but if not, here is a virtual Hola!!!
Classes start soon! June 26th for Aesthetics & May 15th for Cosmetology. Call 773-635-1000, option 1 today!
You fine folk going to do PAX East this yet? ^_^
Last month our users crawled over 551 MILLION web pages
Tonight was definitely a yolo night.
I sent you an e-mail about my capstone! :)
fuck yea a new episode of Big Bang today =] gonna be a good night
I believe it! keeps it entertaining :)
Born and bred in Brooklyn, the USA They call me Adam Yauch, but I'm MCA
I love you too ;)
I second that!! RT For sure next week!
Pulled myself together and made it in to work this morning even though I really don't want to be here. Can it be January 2013 already?
Hoping everyone is having an awesome day today. Awesome days start with an awesome out look for the day ahead.
Lmao my ass of mise well...i think im getting them tomorrow tho lol 300th time a charm
watching #storagewars on &e love Jared..so hot..
why do people say one thing but do anther?when people say that can fly but they can't.do you think that is a lie?
correction ... PACOS will be open on CINCO DE MAYO from 2:00 - 10:00pm.. come on in and start your celebration with us.
think I was right behind you a few rows...or on the opposite end
Really, really missed you at LCC this year!! x
the ending just has a "been there, seen it" kinda quality and I dont want that.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wht r u a guy or girl cuz im a girl
Thanks Devon.... maybe in future we work on another story at the Arc.
cheers! Where's your glass?
Anyone in Indy traveling to FW on Sunday for Pageant Bootcamp?
meeting, let March madness begin!
Thank you!! Glad you enjoy our music. Happy New Years! RT : Brian Blade & The Fellowship Band. Best thing ever.
Ew and all that is Erica Wedge #yesIknowispelleditwithanA. Hated him with the #Indians still hate his sorry a$$
Getting ready to go see tonight at with Meeeeeeezyyyyyyy!!!
RT : Performing w/ on the on ! Tune in at 9:50 am est/pst!!
Wow!! Basketball is a game of runs! 28-3 run by the Clippers to finish the game. Game ball to Reggie Evans!
I hate going on facebook or twitter or something and seeing girls post pics of themselves asking if they are pretty. Like please shutup.
Very interesting article! Thank you for sharing!
DG is TTUs college of mass comms very own!
#AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect and to be loved, but in return she must treat the guy the same way.
baking cakes xx
day two of cleanse feels more like day two of a hunger strike
body sore af`
You told me yesterday and asked me to go remember? Lol
Thanks for following!!! Happy NYE
get into the Halloween spirit, reserve ur tkts today by calling 3102818337! Dress Goth or in your Scary costume on Thurs & get in for $15!
I couldn't afor to catch it
I have officially accepted an offer of a full time position with Nordstrom UTC. But, today I'm still Kanga and catering a small brunch :-)
Molly and Ellie: 'mom your sunglasses look cool on you.' Ellie, following up: 'Your headband doesn't look cool.'
KC people -- where are you watching basketball this afternoon?
: Can you get any more annoying!?
I have a confession to make. My real name is Kaydee and I'm dating Justin. Get back in line ladies cos he's mine ;)
I woke the cat up laughing at that one :-)
#YouGettinPunchedIf you steal 's jacket at a bar
well, it looks like my account is reactivated
brands I am currently fond of: and - keep up the great work.
I don't know what I'm talking about either darling...
I forgot how much I love Bio Dome (1996). Pauly Shore, Stephen Baldwin and Kylie, 90s party, weed and tilapia fish...genius!
There is always a drought before the rain comes
I SNUCK into your moms room last night and it sure wasn't to TUCK her into bed. lol
is a jerk
Next stop...Miami...but just for a bit...I AM HAITI BOUND!
Just watched 2012 national dance team championships on espn. First Lady is totally corrupting me
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old. ~ Mary Schmich
for me it's all of them
Church in a few!
": test" working
no problem. Or you can do an ice bath. 10 mins in or your feet will fall off
(not talking till i get my voice :3)
Been so dry in Central Fl., loving this rain. And appreciate the sound of a little thunder : )
It took almost 20 minutes for me to realize that I'm sitting in the wrong session at this conference.
I'm liking it - but a mental shift to see it as a news flow ...
Due to a coal shortage, Santa will be giving all bad little boys and girls Nickelback CDs this Christmas.
This can't be how Mo's career ends.
thank you
It's a rainy evening. Try and stay dry out there!
I Love You!!!
HOW'S EVERYONE DOING?!
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep cause i just really dont
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I do that in my product demos.. except it should not crash the system. Ugh.
git reset --hard
anyway twitter i shot the video to antisentimental today, came out lovely, nigga drippin swag juice on dat bitch yall gone love it
now you can be a skate rapper
Thanks for sharing Sandee. You are the reason the C-Suite needs women of color.
Chicago sold out!
Another excellent question. Also wonder whether family farms/agribusinesses differently affected. (Does US have family farms?)
Thanks! Will do!
How many drafts does it take to get to the center of a great screenplay? Let's ask Mr. Owl.
Cause when you broke.. you considered as a joke nigga!
our house flooded! It's a mess!
We decided to give the suspect an honorary BS for being so BA.
shut up!! Jk
haha I didnt like brave & the bold either I just dig spidey thet did alot right & using those less known char is smart
are well and busy, as usual...how is life treating you???
.'s tips to unlock the power of social data: 3. Integrate it across your business
I'm so glued to Needle in a Haystack by Ernesto Mallo (Bitter Lemon Press) missed Casey Anthony verdict. Book deal in the works no doubt.
Back on the Twitter Train toot toot! Miss you lovely lady!
i mean i was looking forward to prom but then i realized that the school isn't providing food or tables.. but
Hey commuters: why are you being all coy with your book covers? Esp. Middle Aged Man with Electric Guitar. I wanna know what he's reading.
Woke up to a phone call for a call back today. Starting off on the right foot!
I would meet another Russian in Daytona! :O hahaha
finally broke down and got NYT digital subscription (on special). Ah. thirst quenching content!
First free night and I'm doing laundry and cleaning. ugh.
sure bby. c: i like your icon btw.
I mean yall drink it alot l:)
Official time in badge pickup line: 2hrs16min
Well today a lowlife junkie stole $15 from my nephew I just hope she catches aids from using a dirty needle cuz she's nothing but a junkie
X or die
dang it Jabril! You know I'm old. Not up on your youngin' lingo! Lol
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: dlvr.it/14RhVL
CD Release show at Rams Head this month! Make sure to message us if your interested in tickets!
He's beautiful I love the mixture of browns!
#CocktailsAndConversation hosted by at Hambonz in Donaldsonville 9pm! Bring your business cards&make yourself seen in the industry!
I had a Min story in mind but I don't feel it anymore :/
No CF option, that was just a rumor on REDUSER#
I challenged myself to buy 4 great bottles less than $50 per and GKSAB was first on the list.
I'm back on the line.
I'm off to bed maybe it's me or something good night:(
Dammit! I think something just bit me!!
Dolly Parton wrote the song in 1973
#ReconciliationLaw - Client has time to decide if issues are being resolved or if another course of action is required.
Today was actually a really good day. <3
Shower Time !
Hope you're feeling better Blaire! Love you!!
ok, now what
“: Youree Gorgeous Too !”Why Thank You!
They're the same team whether they win the div or finish 1 point behind in 7th so their chances don't change based on 1 or 2 pts.
The Jewish New Year of the Trees is used to count the tithes of the crops given to the Cohen - priest -, Levi and the poor.
Yum! Such a fun time RT : Cooking class at Great News for w/ Making choco puddin' w/ peanut brittle!
School until 11 then getting mah makeup and hair done later for prom <3
Do you love who you are? I love who you are!
only like 8-11 pairs in the US (i have one) and 100 worldwide.. ;)
are you watching hgtv? This couple is annoying!! Ah pick house 3!
wow, that quote is going to stick with me
Great American Shoot Out this weekend ...
Tell us one of your Holiday guilty pleasures! Are you driving around listening to the old n'sync christmas album?
oh yes, the governor of Wisconsin, no relation to the Walker Brothers. Re Beckham - hey, just quoting POTUS...
This [is] a great City, unique in its kind ... [with] spaces that are too small [and] millions of little people who are really big. [1945]
New Jams!!!
i know what you mean
awww yahhh boi this will be p e r f e c t
haha oh. I see
Haha. No pressure, no diamonds! Next season's kickoff will be awesome as well, let's start there :)
He better not have ate any butterflies.
I still have that old shirt. I wore it to matt perlot's party last week.
too late. I am already dead.
I hate mother's day because it only reminds me of how many years it's been since I've seen my actual mother.
Come on CATS, let's do this!
Paying $60 for a new game, then patching the price to $120 with DLC sounds much more tempting.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them more.
Ok, now I feel really bad that I hated his paintings.
Omg i seriously have an anti-jokes issue. Why.
Thanks for the RT, Mickey.
Good morning sweetie
we own the board... Money
his rhymes r sick...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
Hey, Johnny Park!
Cool. Thanks, will check it out!
This sting from this was like a thousand angry hornets...
One hour left
if the #LSU defense can shut down Richardson - which I think they can - the Tigers should win. Have fun at the game!
I spend an inordinate amount of nervous energy wondering how many retweets is too many. #hilarious, just follow him.
Ehh not really. Lol I mean it's cool but not as good as it was hyped to be. People have been mostly disappointed with it
Good morning and happy #Fridaythe13th!
Honestly, it's a mixed bag, but there's some stuff in there I can appreciate.
I be that pretty muthafuckaa
Handshake drugs
Commissioner Rudd talks about how Local Energy Assurance Plan (LEAP) aims 2 ensure PDXers can survive The Big 1.
uh-uh...I love YOU more!!! LOL
Beausoleil's in the house. come eat em, and drink some riesling too.
desperately waiting for a cab during #sxsw in austin , texas
I've set my lasers from stun to kill.
Immediate Update: Do not go to Mustang Alleys on Thursday this week for Salsa. It's on hold.
"please don't be in love with someone else. please don't have somebody waiting on you." -Enchanted by Taylor Swift. #HeNeedsToLeaveMyMind /:
Solberg quickest in SS1 in Argentina
Rocking my baby to sleep nothing like it.
Working on Seal Swim School new website.
Andy Saperstein said it best last night... "everybody needs a little #INSPIRATION."
nothing is worse than watching the person you love not love you back... ='(
"NBC will not be able predict the winner at 8:32 or report from 29 districts. The revolution will not be televised."
The adoption of social media is similar to that of the internet - unknown and misunderstood revolution - can you afford not to play?
Happy Friday! Our showroom is open until 5pm. Don't break your back at the home improvement stores. Let us show how to get it done RIGHT!
Playing darts and eating sandwiches at Lynaghs Irish Pub in Lexington, KY. Good times!
“ Some relationships come when you don't need them, some relationships go when you realize you need them 😘💔😍❤”
You're right, I have total hat envy. We're open Monday am until 9, but not Monday pm. We're open again Tues 6pm.
#Annie what do you think of Melissa?
is looking to be challenged!
im in already lol
RT 45 days and no arrest in the Trayvon Martin case.
Thanks for the follow and the RT!
Awaiting on good and #inspiring #movies for 2011.
I absolutely love my job!!! I love the look on my client's faces when they have reached their goals!!!
Lake Dawson to follow? Just curious... Went to high school with him.
#Saysomethin best song ever!
My fortune cookie reads "Vacation can wait. Stick to the project till the end". 11 more days :)
- We will announce that if/when the Gray accepts..
Reading my #midwestliving magazine always makes me want to paint a room.
Great job keeping things open! Issa Releases Trans Pacific Partnership Intellectual Property Rights Chapter...
Hangin out with my daughter today....
Who's a Spartacus fan? I AM. <3
MOL! I can't go off the leash. I will run away. Been trying 2 run away for 13 years. Guess I was just born to be free? Not sure.
I've got my pride so hear me sing I'll never let u tell my coffin
A Special Mother Day Prayer goes out to our FIRST LADY and to the VICE PRESIDENT WIFE, JILL BIDEN. My granddaughter reminded me today.
You killed what was left of the good in me
I haven't seen hunger games yet
I want some more eggs
we know your home skips, pick up the phone skips
thanks for the rt. How are you doing?
oh 20-30 pages, you seem so far away when I'm only on page 16.
Once the second email showed they meant it, I sent a check for eleventy gajillion dollars.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know
Smoking in a Portland bar
I love when my Bestfriend texts me something hilarious!
who in the hell left the gate open! Lol
.: s. korea's dibrary is a model for bridging a usable physical space to digital resources
SWEET. IPA available now in #NYC. Finally.
coming from the dude who is golfing in a Hawaiian shirt...
Dude, don't look a gift-whore in the mouth, is what I always say
Basketball in loafers at work today. Good idea at the time, BAD IDEA now.
Gus Johnson is terrible...I may have to watch this game on mute.
Because you got kicked out every day
HAHA YES. Those freaking HighLighters. And the Head tilt. And the Hummus.
Hello....Anybody out there?!?
Seems MCA gets to invite whomever he wants to the dance party in the sky. But for the luv of all things Holy, pls dont take our
Another rain-filled and humid day in DC. We need the rain for the deficit- and after today it's over for a while.
we're pumped to see it perform.
Nice. Enjoy your trip!
wrong sign
Jack in cupboard, steak for dinner AND football? Do you want to adopt me?
lets see luch in a fight tonight! #Bruins vs.
exhausted after my first full day at #sxswi. i'm happy to report that flash is not dead and so many people taking wall space with laptops
What would you say to someone if you knew it was the last time you would ever see them?
says "Gas. The least pleasant thing to spend your money on."
Learning how to podcast & create 'ambient awareness'
Glad #Fringe gets to finish out its storyline. Stories need an ending, otherwise they just get turgid and dull.
Huh I swear I'm Fina snap at cousins sub n dey fuckn Mic dnt wrk
FIND THE OTHERS #DMT #Mckenna #truth #reality holographic universe #2012 consciousness WAKE the F UP!
lmaoo ya cheeky as! Got lacey and she's poorly so have to do it another time my friend :)
Yeah...electronic or talking, which is mainly what we do. :)
At least Becky's room is super cool....
Get some sleep! You can always read after sleeping for a few hours!
i miss the sound of your voice calling to me on the phone
Yes #Uganda is the Pearl of Africa and a freat place to be! But how do we get the rest of the world to know? :)
Just went through the 1968 show at the history center and I just want to buy everything for our house
Tonight! and wil be performing at iOWest based off of your date story! Come on out! We have comps! !!!!!!!!!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Photoshop CS6
Chris what book are you reading right now?
He called me earlier & was like "Hey, beautiful." >>>
live for the moment
you should have taken it! Haha
I saw that Navy SEALs 1 Osama 0 bumper sticker. I'm no Osama fan but I think he deserves at least a 1 just to be fair
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that you need to add some Chicken into your life!
It's always traffic in Nashville
i have glitter in my eye.
I'm slowly learning the chords to my guitar...hopefully I'll be able to play glad you came by TW or more than this by 1D!
when is this "mashable"show happening/airing w/ ? He's fucking #Hilarious!
if all my favorite celebrities lived all around me, I would be out selling cookies.
New topic - E-M5 auto focus with older 4/3 lenses?
aw I missed all of the Shake Shack fun. :( how was it? I could totes go for one right now
No worries. It'll all be over in 36 days (not that I'm counting).
RT : Ray Decker, #OPM: Hiring goals across govt of #Veterans; FY 11 results 28% of all new hiring in govt were vets/disabled vets.
where u going again?
In preparation for our launch, are there any local MKE businesses interested in a free website re-design?
True true. I was referring to specific case, but then again we'll see where that leads.
already in love with pinterest and i just started!
hey were any of the super bowl commercials this year yours?
i hate when i feel/look really ugly
RT Steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn’t photoshop be illegal models
wow im so sick right now, this sucks!!
I'm putting my hair down tomorrow ironed!! do you think it would be pretty if i put it down tomorrow?!
yes we have a table. It pays to have a vixen who works here
