#BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for "Bump the Runway"
The lunch that I just had was amazing!
Thanks for the follow! I have 'To Live and Die in L.A.' Blu-ray at home waiting to be watched :D
KATIE YOUR SO LUCKY
I was just in Palm Springs over the weekend. The owner of Swank told me she'd met you just days before! Where'd you stay?
no when I grow up cuz thirty is the new twenty
Managers love it when ur bored.
Looking forward to a great evening of community meetings. First TSEU and then over to the Metrocrest Dems meeting to hear Rep
agreed. Sad face.
Today is Do Something Nice Day! What are you going to do to spread a little extra kindness?
#FirstDateRules ALWAYS wear pretty panties! You never know..... :))
Doh ... found my answer in your older tweet. Newport, of course. Saw Red Wanting Blue debut their new album there last month.
Free Valentine Hearts Scrapbook Paper by WordPlay
soon. What's ur email ill shoot yu sum new shit.
I love it how uses 'doe' 😏
miss u so much cody
Fantastic seeing you too. Look fwd to future 's sessions (I obsessively plotted burying Barbies on the way home.)
Fo Sho! PS you're AMAZING!!! “: don't you KNOW it!! Hey heyy! Repping those cool Jasha styles all day”
Husband v. bees round 2: Revenge of the Squirrel Hill Tracker Jackers. I hope he hallucinates something funny when he gets stung.
Keep your faith by remembering all He has done for you!
hashtag battle? its on!
Agreed! Love them.
I'm not sure, sounds like you don't
Happy Birthday! Keep doin your thing sir!
Crazy, I work at State and Lake in Chicago, so at first glance I thought you were here
really wants to make smores. :)
best song ever.
RT : Gone b a big weekend in Phoenix on the 14th...Wrongkind is everywhere!
we don't care how you feel about it, it's still happening :P
Lemons. Funnel. 5 feet of stretch bungie cord. Two kids to hold the cords. Funnel launched lemons...
capitalize and build on commonality...relationship building...sales 101
Always buildin walls instead of bridges. Trust me, it's not a good thing.
It is way too damn early to be awake.
The bulls game was fucking sick last night, CJ Watson
By the way, there is no one I support more than Nate Silver. Well done bro. (:
Welcome to Darlina, she will be at Mood Thurs to Sat - call to book your appointment 5507005
yo everybody follow this dude
.5 Mile Swim at lunch means I managed to fit an entire sprint triathlon into my day today - stoked!
Anyway that article was shit.
praying for ya kid!
They might get better production with just Beck
Finally an evening/night just by myself at home!! AAAAAAhhhhhh, I can't wait to just be for once & to recharge my batteries!! :D
It's literally 80 degrees and sunny in LA right now. Man I love this city.
I just wish for once the Twins would sign a proven player rather than a guy that needs like 12 things to go his way and MAYBE he pans out.
i need food!!!!! lmao
Judge concludes charge-specific instructions, now explaining deliberation rules.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ! RT : ...Everyone please wish him a happy birthday….
I've been waiting about forever for some new MS. Maybe a U.S. Tour soon?
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you.
Good luck!
Probably fair to say that it works the other way as well.
The ladies of #girlspintout are lookin' good!
We have obtained complaints and critiques about this but they are irrelevant and should stop.
This site in production is starting to really come alive! :)
Little known personal fact - Oprah Winfrey was my commencement speaker.
Thx, our VP of marketing is in touch.
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS ON THE WEB: HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I find it so funny when people contradict themselves. 😂😁
Strange to hear G. Clooney claim land-rights through Hawaiian blood in The Descendants. I bet this doesn't quite work for Native Hawaiians
#OpenAir drug dealing in
Here comes the snow it will keep my 6 plows busy YEA
"I think that beez means b 1tch*s and beez in the trap means b 1tch*s in the crack house."
Last 5 articles: More strip clubs, Brewers are OK, too many potholes, famous people hook up, UWM should quit sports. He could run for office
"I'm very important, I have many leather bound books." Anchorman 2 gets the green light! Cue the flute playing.
a success! I got lots of positive feedback, they were astonished by the little facts I discovered. now hiking. beautiful.
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
So confused..
im so sorry
No one cares about basketball
I love your photo's
tried to unlock my front door for 5 minutes with my car key
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
O - Fair by on Spotify. Makes me crave Garden State.
i mean
That's where we got the gas station advice from some very happy -- and toasted -- rednecks.
please follow me OZZTINN (:
Snow Snow go away OKC Party Bus wants to play!
I took 7 Yellow jacket wasp stings this morning. MUCH better than cleaning Lovebugs off of cars..yuck!!!
Looking forward to it!
I like to shake the magic 8 ball until it gives me the answer I want.
And my pain killers are wearin off and my back hurts like fuck. It's time to go home.
Is Lamar Donuts open?
Shout out to << follow her pretty ass
i would walk through the desert i would walk down the aisle i would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
Why did no one tell me #snoop was coming to town?!
When your boyfriend is your best friend >>>>>>> 💜
you guys are awesome!
its a great place. We might have the opportunity to film from a boat. Should be interesting!!
sorry caps volume up, o's volume down
Watching America's Got Talents. (': These people are so weird putting hooks and swords and shit in their mouth..
The key is to plug the mac charger into your shoes each night before you leave the house. It allows you to never stop.
Fact-checking the #GOP debate? You'll have to fact-check EVERYTHING they say! Hire move "checkers"...
that's what I'm saying..I miss you!
Great article! I straddle both everyday.
is this true lol
Definitely. I'll keep an eye out. Good to know though. Again, thanks a ton.
One direction is coming to the Woodlands. Better believe I'm going.
I love that you use #oomf!! It's so mysterious :)
#WWE Awesome that Daniel Bryan won the #MITB - I just pray they don't make him the 1st to cash in and lose.
lol. You looked drunk
FoLT has a roving EMT available to tend festival bumps and bruises.
Im Lovin Life #RT if you feel the same
*Watching DVRed #Letterman* I'm so happy to see him trying so many silly new things. Very, very cool.
Thank you! RT : Happy birthday love
Hey & #rockcenter thank you for the stupidest story of all time a stupid French person his unicycle & his commute
Is your website fully accessible for people with low or no vision? Contact us today to optimize your website. Email:
Enjoying being a professional man of leisure. Halladay to the Phils = Championship
Tonight did not go as planned
If a ceiling fan is on, i find it absolutley necessary to follow a single blade around & around for like ever .
Note to self: create encrypted "Eli" folder when I get home.
poolside for an hour felt good. now to get dinner going. what's everyone having?
why not? Hallmark and other card companies do!
hey guys i believe we've been having some problems with our checkout service. if you haven't received your order yet please email us.
#dailyfeedback Songs about fears - Dan Hicks David Bowie
what a blessing to to play surrounded by women of faith like you. May God continue to bless you
Right now I am reading Mindwalks by Mary H. Frakes which is a book on walking meditation.
Awesome! Is that where you live? We'll find a store nearby that has cases for Dover!
Hey not even a sprained ankle could stop me from seeing & pierce the veil <3
good job keep the good work up
Thanks for a great how!
Make sure to follow back
Actually it does-Read the sign further-it's N support 4 #OWS Oakland & brutality police committed against peaceful protesters
he had two sessions this evening... apparently tonight he's decided to be a kitten again
Watched Mad Money last night, during your commentary you said ishkabibel. Where did you get that word, and what does it mean?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad that finally ditched that fakeass Banderas guy. But "Feel The Mexcellence"?
We are super excited to lauch this new business!!!! It going to be great!!!
Oh no! why is it forbidden?? am i exclusive? ;) lol
#20thingsaboutme I'm very jealous
After having this account for over a year, I've finally mashed together a bio that doesn't make me wince.
I don't know what beat ur talkin bout
school stresses me out too much, I guess
#runfentyrun FB page at 4,444! Will it hit 5000 today? #Ed Reform needs this champion. "Children first" -- easy to say, took courage to do.
My superpower is always picking a shopping cart with the one fucked-up wheel.
You are kidding yourself if you think you can isolate the bitterness you have towards one person & it not effect your other relationships.
A cloudy day in LA town.
This rain is killing my nightly jog session. smh
are there plans for a PAM impromptu dinner this evening? Last year I think we did.
No work is insignificant. All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.”
Don't forget Cleveland and Columbus on the 22nd and 23rd. A lot of us are making the drive for both shows! Exciting!
BAD ASS OF THE DAY GOES TO YOU!!!! Thank you for the Starbucks LOVE!!!! Made my day!
this coffee tastes like feet...
is my new page follow :) it's awesome!
Remember, Sosa sprinted out to position pre-game. Basically every at-bat for 2-3 year stretch got everyone at Wrigley standing. HUGE star.
praying all men stand up to their father duties!
Happy B-day Jkrak!
the is invalid, if, for some reason you're interested in my life, follow me here.
It is most annoying being the guy who always tries to make plans/invite others, when those others really don't reciprocate… ever.
Gonna have to sign off! Thanks and for another great chat. I Learn a lot each week.
its a must see
My enchilada lasagna is AMAZEBALLS. Wine, dinner, #OnceUponATime finale. Excellent Sunday night.
Why was the horse all charged up?It ate some haywire!
Not tweeting??? That sounds foreign to me.
RT if you would date me
#CodyIsOurValentine hey thats my name !!! :D
Over 10k people expected to turn out to fallen Officer Peter Figoski's funeral here in Babylon. I'll be covering the event live..
Thanks for all the #FF. I appreciate all of you guys. Thanks again!
Thanks. Running with a group makes it a lot easier.
#Calvin #quote: As my artist�s statement explains, my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance.
St Pattys day could be my favorite holiday.... Its a Chicago thing
I don't think you understand the awesomeness of your predicament.
The Baltimore Media Orchestra will be in in concert April 29th at Morgan State University!
Am I the only Howard person who misses that weekend Brunch in the cafe!!! Quick use to kill those Omlettes
Follow & co journey down to Atlanta for the big #Packers v #Falcons game, will be leaving from MKE and road-tripping to ATL!
You did it! We're so proud of you. Just you wait, you'll be running TweetDeck like a pro in no time.
No kiddin! RT : I love you, but did you really have to put the Skins game on Thanksgiving????
laughed and laughed. loved when you shared this has never happened. we luv ya buddy....
English sol.
Loved PENETRATING THE SPACE ! is powerful! Congrats dir. ! Can't wait to see 's CALLOUS CAD!
good man I'm good thank the Lord
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin ready for a great game!!! Here we go, here we go, here we go...
I love my life, who I've become, the things I've experienced, and the REAL friends i have.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I don't think I could count that high. Wait, it's a countDOWN, so I don't think I can count that low. Now I'm confused
I'm sick of feeling
My dog DIXIE just taught: the hungrier she gets, the more obedient she becomes. I would have to say, that many wars have been won this way.
Oh no, the end of the world must really be happening. RT 3.1 earthquake Hawaii, 4.8 Solomon Islands in past hour.
ryan how do you deal? i would've been gay for him if i was you
Very cool! We're happy to send to you so you can personally deliver. Otherwise, will send straight to them on your behalf. :)
Or these..
I know right ! I'm disappointed ! :(
can I do it a little later or will it make a difference?
Bout to smash some biscuits and gravy at the work place
Mr. Kolb about to get the mean back hand. He dumb as FUCK if he think I'm about to do this all over again!
I've been busy writing bonds. Did the Tigers win?
Will be attending the #DowntownMelb Art Fesitval this weekend... If you're in #Orlando, this is def. an event to attend.
you coming back to play for #NYJ ? We want you back
Proud of your heritage?? Tomorrow starts the #Proud(InsertHeritage)American hashtag campaign!
Good question. With Hamid hurt, I don't know if we would be able to do an injury replacement. Of course it wouldnt be Kempin
We really appreciate the beta testing, David! If you follow us, we have a gift for you.
Twitter tells me that doesn't exist. How about 4 #FF? Much appreciated!
As it stands, I have 3 shoots scheduled for this weekend. This should be interesting...
Check CBS 19 news tonight at 5 for coverage of the re-opening of cVillain!
a lil... But your not so normal yourself Shawnelius
Ahahaha when did this start
That bird knows what's up. We all go a little crazy for sushi sometimes... :)
Buy a home tomorrow and never make a payment
Hell 2 the yea!!! Thats why play im playn extra slow rite now, tryn 2 enjoy evry moment of it lol. ; p.
would love to see Rock lay the smackdown on
Rush Custom Plastic Business Cards at NYC Printing 123. Fastest High Quality Professional Plastic Business Cards. Call now for more...
I am now following ! Thanks for the follow!
Will they also include Grade Forgiveness? so many underappreciated 1.5 gpa students are having trouble getting jobs
That's a comedy video waiting to happen
Absolutely outstanding documentary
Thanks for the MT! Let me know if you need an extra pair of hands/car with your move, too.
not the thermometer--for a couple more days at least. Happy Saturday!
Instant tornado damage in Dallas/DFW flipping Cars/Tractor trailers. Careful on the roads, take tornado precautions. Be safe guys!!
filmmakers are the journalist today :-(
A Rio Rancho girl, 13, didn't come home one day; said a man with a gun kidnapped and raped her and let her go. No DNA matches. No suspects.
why am i awake..
I'm not whining cuz I'm not complaining. Just pointing out the flaws in your tweet. If I've drawn a wrong conclusion, debunk it.
Just googled "<td> cell padding" - sad on so many levels
140 characters is not enough to express exactly how I feel about you.
Be sure to follow and for all the action updates today from the Edward Jones Dome!
Hey Milwaukee peeps, What are your favorite Madison places? Look for us in the Madison area soon!
alright! sounds good :)
My girls are rad. As one of them, you're always welcome!
Country must be country wide
So apparently, we're getting a Panera Bread in my little boondocks
Before Drake started saying YOLO, did you all think you could live twice or some shit?
3/29- Parent meeting @ 7 @ Federation - last minute details - spread the word!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F MOSTLY CLOUDY
...the leader lets others know how much they mean to the organization." - Kouzes & Posner, The Leadership Challenge
Why do I get so nervous everytime I see you...
Watching NY Fashion Week clips on YouTube. So excited to work in fashion.
I was called Sonny Moore all through high school. I had no friends. Hahah
We do need to know all the facts Stephen A. but anytime an unarmed person is shot something is eff'd up!
Okay i'm on my way .
Hey has anyone heard rumors of Usher being killed in a car accident? A friend txt me an I googled it some are saying yes an some say no??
Kickin it here at the Alamo Dome watchin the Cowboys practice, with the family and
Nearly midnight on a busy but fruitful day. Time for bed. Good night soft dreams may your slumber leave you rested and well for your day
where a rock under another rock...wow!!!
wonder if it's at redbox, since it looks like it's not on netflix.
Noo! Haha luckily, insist towards the back so I turned to my friend and covered my face! Lol
One final spot open tomorrow with Hilary before she moves to Cali! @ 5:30 or 5:45 for a men's or women's cut, who's it gonna go to!?
This place where you are right now, God circled on a map for you. ~ Hafiz
Forget rosy cheeks! I am officially a Tom-AH-to!! :(
I miss you to (:
When deciding on a studio or designer make sure they are someone you feel comfortable working with...
Tonight tonight tonight! Ooooohhh!
Library website in top 5 of applications students value most. From ECAR Study of Undergrad 2011
have a great monday...
Congrats to - the winner of our first #giveaway! Hope you enjoy Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close as much as we did...
“: Lol at Matrix on #futurefood, that's amazing. Makes me think of Plankton's computer wife on Spongebob hahaha”
Who cares. Michael more than made up for it.
Principal Camper says the best thing about Pittsburgh public school is the access to the Pittsburgh promise and how that you cant
Seriously like negative degrees in,my school
it's ok! We'll see you in 2012! Thanks for your support!
?OTD - What are you doing to fulfill your destiny?
#CashingOut song coming down low key. "Got a condo on my wrist, girl I'm cashing out".
you made me giggle today. Can't believe I'm moving back to Austin in August! Ugh.
I hope you feel better soon love! (:
If I didn't care then I wouldn't be crying
stay classy
He needed that one! Good shit Robbie!!
In the future all medicine will be delivered by balm
We just got word JT is releasing a Big #NBA play shortly and is working on the writeup right NOW! Should be up & our shortly!
not watching then...
After this performance, I guarantee #Griner declares for the #NBADraft, she doesn't need anymore experience
We're loving coverage of the Can't wait to see it in person tomorrow!
You can put in search engine just about any topic with Webinar and there is one for everything. Glad Genealogy is too!
Take me in the bathroom Take my clothes off Make love to me up against a dirty wall ;<3
The mother of a blind 18 mo.old boy made a YouTube video about him, said he was beautiful inside & out. I agree. Someone tweeted "she...
I am willing to donate some of mine! It's a bit out of control.
What's this stupid "Default Profile" head in the top right corner of ?? is just fucking out of control.
After my sister leave LA Imma hit tha D...Smh. Tha gurl go & come as she plz so don't ask me what date.lol.
so theres a tweet deck .com >?
Super-successful #photography opening last night ! 100+ people. So great to see there!
I agree Theresa, it is something about the salt in the air. I just love it! It helps me get centered. Have a great day!
When my daughter is sick it's like watching Meryl Streep, but if Meryl Streep were a puppy, in the rain, really trying to show it's sick.
Let us know what you think as you use it more.
Just sent you mine about my dog Dash!
Thanks! are you apart of EN?
jtown area tomorrow?
most useful frameworks outside of jQuery, e.g. mustache, backbone, etc.
Love your new avatar. Work it, pretty lady!
Their play list kind of killed them. Sometimes they would play old hits, other times they would play ish you never heard of...
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -Babe Ruth
RT : Who has Allergies? Plz follow for upcoming coupons & giveaways for Allergy Master & Nasal Sanitizer!
Oh hot dawn, Becky got a jam, sharing it with the people of the land
hope everybody's OK. Just hitting east. Kirby 385. Will American Idle be shown from beginning?
Didn't get to celebrate 4/20 oh well there's always next year
JUST CAN'T WORRY ABOUT iT OR YOU!!!!
It's interesting to think that now I'm getting ready for work and a couple nights ago I was eating drunk tacos at this exact time...
Right? Always took me forever to find the right page.
Lol she funny and she just got it all figured out
Yes indeed!
RT I want short hair this summer!!!!//woot woot!! Cut it off!!
good times with best friends!
well thanks!!
When the person you like complements you >>>>>>>>>
as soon as possible, since his birthday is tomorrow! i know it's short notice :P
you guys have too much merchandise,it's tempting to buy it all &my mom hates it lol
Dear sleep, i know we have problems when i was young but now i love you!
- Great! Super thanks! Talk soon!
PUTTING THAT GREAT MUSIC OUT THERE, YOU REVERB ARTIST ARE ROCKIN ! PEACE AND LOVE----- YOU ROCK !
I miss my family :-(
yeah man I remember. I need a simple crown done. I don't have much money though.
Nothing wrong with that haha :)
GM my twitter and Facebook friends I have a book coming out next month please read it u r going to love it ,it is a page turner
Hella bandz and loud im on my money doing drugs shit
mgr Yost after game "we don't need to change anything we just need to keep plugging away." Really!? Its not workin, change somethin!
yes, pão de queijo is amazing. And it's even better in Brazil. :)
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA (replaces Boarhead Barley Wine)
President Obama has a global perspective--his sesitivity is our greatest strength in getting the global cooperation America and World need.
Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities. -Oprah
Sounds like an awesome story you're working on...best of luck and stay safe!
Looking forward to BUS STOP tonite! Stay tuned to see my reactions as I tweet live during the show
We're giving away a #Minkoff4mark bag each day this week! RT/Follow to enter
how in the world am i suppose to know when someones on?
Where is my iphone update???? C'mon Apple!
Attended my first news meeting this morning since olden times I love what I do.
Me too. It really didn't sound like fireworks to me. Very low and rumbly. It's just a guess they had something old school.
like really lol
Mature ladies know how to do stuff!
as in the line of good taste!
Happy Christmas
how many advils can you take before the blurriness sets in?
some days i wanna ride through the mall, on a baby alpaca throwng waterballoons at people! consider that payback!
Are their other headings alliterative as well?
I Bee Apart Of Mahonie Army <3
BMSPF BUZZ CONTINUES~HALF DAY TRADING TOMORROW~GAINS CONTINUE
Dipped into a Law & Order SVU marathon while at the gym. Got my heart rate up, but mood stayed low.
My hotel room in Seattle is so small... I was able to sleep in bed and shower at the same time.
Theme for the conference: Because I Love Someone with Food Allergies.
Hey guys :)
Tons o' auditions lately!
I Got A Shot Waitin For U Bro
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! TIME TO GET CRUNK & DRUNK!! LET THE GAMES BEGIN!!
I'm SO excited for Warped 2012. Get to see , , and so many more bands. I can't even describe my love.
Ok. Have a good night, that you dream with ;-)
Late to tune into Cotton Bowl...in JerryWorld? Call me old school but that's just not right.
Wait... How did THAT happen?
my birthdayis in five mins if u got a #shot take one with me
Get your New Years Eve 2012 @ The Docks tickets quick! 419-410-6769 NewYearsEveToledo.com
Preseason Prediction: wins Cy Young.
Don't miss out on your chance to win a Kindle Fire - make sure to stop by Booth 1017 before you leave #PLA2012!
Thank you for the shoutout and RT to your followers! I hope you are having a fabulous day!
Thank you. RT Happy Mothers Day!
we hit in about an hour. Don't go away,
But I did a lot of boxing and I was captain of an Australian surf club. Rod Taylor
A Google search for "Webster" returns 6.8 million hits...
Bored on the dance floor tonight? Pretend the little red laser lights belong to a thousand snipers.
Never should have come inland, bro.
Today is what I have so today I will make amazing!
It does! But post to Facebook!
Yeah that song is pretty killer. Been on my mind a lot lately.
Spring break= brunch and bloodies everyday.
Thinks that extended collective licensing could work for orphan works, but not sure how.
...but for typing TRAINING, auto-correct is poison.
Awesome! joins , will be sending stories out into the darkness.
That would be my tattoo I'm getting this summer.
I have been like, the retweet king lately lol.
I've got my spine, I've got my orange crush
I am convinced that #society is regressing towards retardation everyday they listen to simpler and simpler artist/songs. Next #spongebob rap
All these berries I been eatin >>>
A man came to my door and asked if i could donate to the local seimming pool, suree i came back with a cup of water.
YES DAN WHEELER EAT SHIT
oh it's up there AND out there
Working on our next project. Stay tuned.
So did T.Green play some of my stuff 4 u
Both! Wouldn't mind trying out Crysis too. Tools are awesome these days.
Check out my new song "My Ohio" off my upcoming EP!!! Thanks to everyone who made it out this past Sunday to Bottle Rock:)
Thanks, love. Now follow me! xoxo
i miss you too hun !! RT : I miss
yeah loser
Hehe I'm not messing with Kristen
Congrats ! you deserved it :-)
RT : Whenever I listen to Jodeci I want to put on a linen capri set, black boots, and stomp my right foot.
Now Following LOVE IT!!!!
Quiet, snowy morning. Thin layer of ice and snow covering Heavy grey/white sky. More to come?
It's alright, no worries!
It is the birthday of Charlotte Bronte, author of Jane Eyre.
NO! My baby is gettin hailed on right now :( and the power just went on and off in the fieldhouse haha.
please notice me!!! please 6
red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple / red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple
I wonder what she's doing right now
Dogs chase bones. Men want curves.
I'll marry, and eat the prime of the pot, and sit down first. - Spanish Proverb
On the way to kings island
I'd like to try to see you break my jaw. You're nothing but a jealous little prick.
Soo, i think Facebook will fall behind twitter and instagram in a couple months. Nobdy likes fb, lmao
as the most dominant football player in north american history...i am all for this
You read my mind!
Noticing similarities with ALA Council and UU District Assembly..and philanthropic giving; not as many younger people/my age. More boomers.
“: lady what's Good?” hey guy! I'm good, can't complain
or cooking room or food room
man youll aint fat especially u
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;;
Vinatieri goes into hall of fame as Patriot or Colt?
Ok you lit a fire under my ass.Is the#for the Dpt. of Biological Sciences ok or does it need to be an individual?
So want to do this RT A4. Christmas in Ireland, twice!
This message is sponsored by the incongruity of twittering from a cell phone in an Amish market. Is this rude?
Nice one!
what time you thinking?
so glad you dint say that out loud :L
Thanks for taking a listen and we're glad you like the tunes!!
Im not likely going, pretty sure I shld get some work done. which is a big "boo" cuz i want to check 's new space!
SF Parks and Rec is now requiring a permit at some fields of you want lights. Whys up with that?
Community remembers Nathan Beck, celebrates teen's life with memorial event - Gaston Gazette
Born after 1981 have less requirement for privacy…not sure that is true anymore #backlash #loctrack balance game of convenience vs privacy
are you still in jax?
Studying ALL night. Fun times
To avoid becoming an identity theft victim, here are smoe tips. Shred all personal documents and or call A1 Shredding (832)545-3949. .
Can you please make the rain stop! We have racing to watch before the #Oscars! Come on!
you will never get this lalala
Yes you both are beautiful. Aw sounds like you had fun :) I remember her In Bridge to Teribithia haha.
get another drink bitch.
Thanks Joey! We're gonna do some more acoustic stuff soon!
Customers not qualified to kno what solutions r best, thats the job of the organization (Ulwick) #consumer-led insights only for direction.
I love hoaxes. Which one?
follow me back plz
Your 4 year old improving your conversation?
Just got to Amnesia! Last night in Miami!
« « Glad the Heat lost»» Haters! Y'all #LakersNutkissers are always tryna throw salt on us #HeatNation BABY!!!!
Amazing what having a desk and my own space again does for being able to focus!
is the boss
if i break this case i cant get a new one! t(-_-)t
Thanks for still caring.
uploaded in vain. sad.
I believe, I miss our little support group we had going on in the spring. We should all go on a date.
shout out to best cuzin everr!!!
I cannot wait to see it! I hear that gets a lot of shoutouts.
Thanks and dhairstudio1 for your patience today!! And Douglas coined the phrase "ebony and ivory tag team" #CFYoga! Ha!
little kids are just little Fucks
im on that JUICE
I'd love to do either an interview or feature! Whichever you prefer. That would be awesome!
#music101 Support those that support you.
Maybe I should get ready for work now
Remote Conductor now has full Windows support! Conductor Server for Windows 1.0 is now released!
Despite the weather, we always make it shine just a little brighter.
Finally in Miami!!! And had 2 amazing gay guys that sat with me on the plane made the flight so much better!
RT If this was church, Josh would have had at least 3 hankies & 1 shoe thrown at him
is kicking serious butt right now!
Have to agree. I try to avoid being included in that generalization.
what did they talk about?
Do you still get the health benefits of veggies if they're fried?
New York primary mitt wins but democracy loses - only 7 ppl vote.
Campaigning can get stressful! Come in for an #adjustment to make sure you are on your game!
Apparently it's this thing that some people actually believe. What's that like?! #ignoranceatit'sfinest
:-) thank u please keep my family in prayer my gram passed away
And the rain starts to fall here in Raleigh just as UNC looses to UK! Perfect!
someone I follow ended up with an extra account, so tyhey
haha Wsup darkness wuz good with that fried chicken grease for yo hair?
Heard a conference presentation on 1920s turbans, told the speaker she and the were kindred spirits.
I miss you too. How have you been? Have you seen my XFactor audition? Will you be out here in June?
#cruise #agents RT : Don't allow your week to HAPPEN - take charge and PLAN the results you want!
According to the Northeast Fisheries Science Center any fish specie landed and sold in New England is Sustainable
He really resembles me! ... turtle buddies for life yo
are you still leaving?
so pretty :)
“Yesterday determines today, and today helps determine tomorrow.”
Don't just Chase your Dreams, Catch them...
I sent if before it was over! ... It's 12:02 here sir
No - completely booked until close to 4pm. Call me then.
Espanola Valley/Rio Arriba County EMT crews are posted on west end of Los Alamos, having helped evac hospital patients yesterday.
aw Gia is the badest (sexiest) girl is the bad girls club then Elease
It Feels Like Heaven When We Off In The Room Together >>>>
great article
Listening to #amaramius webcast on building online communities, trying to skate where the puck is going.
lol..Colorado? Why?
Yeah..most of them dont even know what this argument is about..they are just tweeting me for the hell of it
I'm a writer, too. I have a romantic comedy out now, Little Miss Lovesick. But I'm reading FOUR books right now, too! LOL!
i want food. but i'm lazy.
big huge congratulations on the gig!!! cheers :-) [oops, I misspelled your twitter handle earlier, so trying this again]
Ohh Ok love you :*
I had a Webisode ya know broadcasting our content online...haha
Children learn as they play. Most importantly, in #play children learn how to learn. ~O. Fred Donaldson
8 week diet & exercise program completed. 27lbs. lighter, 4 inches off waist, 5% body fat lost. Ready for trip to #Japan and #Korea in Oct.
I'm skeptical too, but based on how MacRuby works (directly w/Cocoa objects) it could be viable.
okay I will
During your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food. That's the weight of about 6 elephants. Hungry?
If you can't hold a conversation, I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard What dead celebrity would you want to smell like?
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?
~ Thanks for the follow!
Fare enough :)
Follow NOW
O_o RT : Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over! :)
Has to pack tonight. Trip for April: New Orleans :)
Hibbert at G-Town could barely run up the court.
It's so aggravating. I have no idea the historical reason for it.
Well, There's A Lot :P But I Can't Just Chose 1 :P Right Now It's SNSD, U-Kiss <3 And 4Minute :) They're All Amazing :)
3 days until tickets go on sale for WARPED TOUR! Who are we gonna see on tour?!?!
I love love her red hair ariana Grande ♥
is playing in Jackson MS right now at the Old Tavern on George St. Opening up with Red Baron! COME OUT POST JUBILEE JAM AND FUNK IT UP!!
thts true also..
Great final launch for Discovery a few mins ago. Almost got scrapped due to computer issue. Hope crew has safe flight.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm dreading rehearsal tomorrow. My director is. an. idiot. I swear.
#NeverThirst what are you doing to quench the thirst of your community through Christ who strengthens you?
and their body fitting suit. Ahh, I feel like a child molester.
#YoureGoodInMyBook cuz' you're smiling like an angel
experiencing lack of connectivity for multiple days to mspl4, can we get an update? No online live support available… ever.
follow back.
I am kissing fear, discouragement, and dispair goodbye. "For the Lord God will help Me; therefore I will not be disgraced." Isaiah 50:7 EY..
NEWS BULLETIN: Durian is the most disgusting fruit/flavor on Earth. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THAT SHIT.
Oh your skyping him? thats cool. good for you.
its getting me so annoyed that scooter or kenny cant even tweet dana a happy birthday
#dcmetro train driver should be a radio announcer! Not only can I understand him but he sounds awesome and very informative.
Goodnight Sam . Sweet dreams 💜
#ilookforward to making it to one day. ⚡
#Patriots fever. The only prescription is football and/or beer!
hey can u check ur DM i sent u some questions for an interview
No way. I can't believe the Nashville chamber wants wages so low. Can the state budget can accommodate more people on SNAP?
Thanks so much for posting, Gerald!! Blessings..
Being here is so awkward.. I wish I was home..
Just dropped a few stacks at the hello kitty store and game trader
It's the most amazing look... next to #KUBOOBS. Very PSychedlic.
cant wait for to come visit
If you were a flower...what kind would you be? Orchid? Rose? Tulip?
seeing her happy>>
First time clients come and get color done by our newest addition to the SBS crew, Rachael, and get 30% off! Spread the word!
:-) prolly not who one might expect actually!
#Seriously There's always a reason to smile....find it . . .
here's what I think should happen, #LouiscallLyssa :)
nahh mine is .
you are always hungry lol
i cant handle this!!!!
this teacher is inspired by his resilient students and by the solidarity he finds in #occupy movement. Love hearing from alumni
Yes. How bout some examples #fem2 historian? The ladies are often afraid of disagreement: structure for healthy convo helps
Suck my Dragon Balls, bitch call me Goku!
Did you hear about antiques + home decor show @ Old Trail Clubhouse this wknd? A friend is one of dealers. 9-4 Sat,11-4 Sun
Waiting to see Dan Savage! #Ala11 has begun!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
thanks for pinning the project on pinterest! :)
yeah! I have a ton of fun on my chorus trips! And it sound like this one will be awesome too!
Stop Hating on our Page
I've gotten five calls this morning from people asking if "I still have the paint." is there some new lingo I don't know about?
Just did week 6, day 1 of #c25k with !
There are good times and not so good times for doing certain things
😂 my mom falls into DEEP sleeps and wakes up every two minutes. that medicine got her
I know the coach of Skyline's track team who also coaches a youth team...
Leaving on a jet plane. Thanks Seattle, Portland, . See you real soon!
Had resident complaints on music. Karen & working to get proper zoning appeal so music continues
lol o okay got ya love! whats new with u?
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
Are you going to WPPI? Please visit our friends during the trade show. They will be demonstrating Version 9.1 in all of its awesomeness!
If you wasn't born with it, then it wasn't meant for you to be...
What im sayin is Dnt go Broke tryna look like Everybody else! lmao
if your name begins with abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxzy go follow she's a really big
I wanna go lay down with my cousin but I don't want to bother her.
Pussy ass bitch!
The British pronunciation of the word "boogie" is vastly superior to the American.
Our #1 bestseller Psychic Intelligence will launch in China in 2013! Hope you like it! xx
Yo, thanks for following! Your uncle made you do it huh?
sweet! U will LOVE
WE HAVE A WINNER! Thanks all the ladies who did Amateur Contest! Another $500 up for grabs next week....
It's #Derby Day! We have a lot going on today including a hat contest & if you sign up for our Players Club you get a Derby mug!
Romney's wife "I don't consider myself wealthy." Really? Well give it to me - I'll surely consider myself wealthy & give my first 10 2 God
Bought a new toy, cruising 2nite !
We know that the ghosts that haunt Johnston Hall will root for at 9:17pm! Watch the game with $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
it's hard being so youthful!
So many hot girls! And thier mommas!!;)
has been watching the moon and the clouds doing a series of intricate dances for the past five hours.
lol wow i guess a lot of people are watching beauty and the beast lol xD
playing the wii :) who wanna play
They actually have a see-through projection screen in front of them. Weirdest stage set ever.
I love your tweets! Wish you were here with me though!
found out
Audition for SAG National Comm on Tuesday.
Which mediocre American sitcoms? We have so many.
Wishing I had wings from Great Seas and that was here.
Sorry, Anthology took it this year. Great cover though!
I can be a little naive sometimes, I just figured since they gave a lifeline they would extend to too.
I just set the DVR for #RichardHammond's Crash Course on
Not feeling school soo much blahh:P But ohh well! Hopefully the week goes by fast!!xD Time to blast some music and head to school!! ^__^
stand by those who stand by you.<3
thanks much!
will begin 20 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
"If your presence didn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference"
I'd watch those Oscars!“: Okay, already. I'll produce the Oscars. But only if I can have host. #gayestoscarsever”
Thank you god for letting me get up this morning.. # YOLO
isn't Siku charming? We love the aquarium
The awkward moment when ur playin katelyn in draw somthin and she has to draw eminem and thinks eminem is the the thing that nemo lives in..
Allen, have a great day bud, we are following back.
Winkies make her kinky ;)
Very interesting writers and authors on twitter. Nice!
Join us for trivia tonight at 9:30pm for a chance to win some cash for the holidays and complimentary adult beverages
I finally got my double bubble bubble gum :) I was too press
Yafeh nefesh -- learn about this term today at 1 pm Public radio listeners: A lifelong love of learning
Good morning ^_^
wtf am i supposed to text you back?!!
Rock Room Winchester Virginia by Phil Zuckerman passing the music on to the kids >> www.rockroomwinchester.com
thank you I need it 😢
its all good, its just better for me right now
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most
California Burrito King > Chipotle If you have not been, check it out. Normandie / 3rd
You can move like that , I can move like this ... = MY JAM <3
Thanks for the RTs and shoutouts
Hieber’s Pharmacy compounds effective medications for Fibromyalgia and Myofascial Pain – call if your treatment isn’t working!
Who needs the NBA? Cats by 15
Up and about to get straight to work. Music and money to be made.afternoon beautiful people
Positivity begets positivity. And i positively want a lot of positive income.
2012 will be the return of the Alpha Man! Ladies prepare yourselves lol
All I can think about is summer.
cant wait to see, you
Google execs highlight speakers at Acceller Summit 2012
So many bots following Twitter chats these days!
1. the sun is still out. 2. listening to adele. 3. heading to choir practice. all good things :)
Hey! I agree -- singly is thinking expansively - Curious to see how well it resonates. Things are good! Ps can't reply by dm
Gonna munch on this shrimp 🍤🍤🍤
Lol we got out on da police so smooth lol.
I'll take it! “: We have been saving up hours for four years and look what we got!!!! an extra DAY! oh. ok. um... thanks?”
OMG ME TOO, like ah! They are both gorgeous!
What's up your butt...?
Slappin my bro music
When u try me
It's Woof Wednesday so don't forget to pick up your food, toys, and Halloween costumes today! See ya soon.
I haven't but it made my day! Thank you for sharing! Teamwork, teamwork!
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell
Kid can't even read.
How come most women can't understand this? SMH
All these guys named Barry calling in, who knew?? I thought it was just me, Barry White and Barry Bonds.
Somebody bet on the bay? -- Jason L. Sparks ()
Ty Lawson is a BEAST!!!
Sounds familiar: MT create competition among mps to provide more info :
So inspired by some of the best marketers in the business. How can it help my tiny company of 50 customers?
Decline West needs to be that spark
Don't feel well :(
I need sleep
Thanks. I agree. Wish I could have made it to Artwalk but had a meeting to attend as a judge for a video contest.
how that burrito shape haircut come out ? Does it look like #chipotle? R u walking around w a napkin, knife, fork? Wondering y
I can't fight for you. I can only fight with you.
OMG Dick Clark Died. :-{ New Years will never be the same.
Ha ha you jokester you haha, yea don't worry, you can tease whenever you want, I don't mind, it keeps the convo alive and fun
Dropped my phone in the toilet. Nice.
Great to hear that Much love to you and yours from me and mine.
Who wants to go get ice cream?
I don't think he's weird, his style and metaphors are complex and different but I still think he is one of the best
I don't care about your opinion, I do what I want.
disparaging Obama's "evolving" perspective naively suggests that a process of self reflection & critical analysis is alien to leadership.
Snow emergency plan.....ALL WINTER & FALL MERCHANDISE is 70 % OFF. Parking lot is clear.
It's so easy to find out what the 2011 DHS budget looks like with a simple Google search, and yet my students seem incapable of even that.
lol its a truck
This news = a reminder that I have to renew membership; thanks!
im gonna send you something for your birthday!
After pleasant drinks w/ & C.D. & Sneakz, enjoying Los Buckxz over 50% FG qua competent squad, backcourt exchanging wonderfully.
just a little carbon monoxide poisoning. Remember that oven I rushed home for on Friday? Could have been fixed better
I could really do without this oppresively hot weather.
I was like "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO COMPARE IT TO THAT!?"
Thanks J! When are you hosting your meetup ? cc/
The excitement and anticipation begins ! So many tricks up my sleeves HA :-)
Went to Sweden today. Unfortunately, I did not find any Swedish fish...or supermodels.
Hi Hope, I'm Dean. I tweet science news, atheism, skepticism. I followed you. Oh, tiny typo in your Twitbio; should be "atheist".
I actually am sitting across from right now. Don't know personally, though.
Pens are getting ready for game 6, I'm getting ready for a 9.5 hour day at work. This is cruel.
RT : agreed. Convincing client new is better is a difficult job at best.
Now a resident of Gilbert, AZ. And an intermediate truck driver.
Vinny really needs to see that video !!
Glad to see the sun out! Our gallery's flooded with light now...stop by and visit.
I guess karma does work in crazy ways. Woowww
I don't know: desire to suit alleged group norms seems like an effective evolutionary tactic. Humans aren't v. rational.
Daddy home
": Rihanna, the 80's called, they want their hair back (and that terrible jean cutoff)." LOVE THIS COMMENT SAM. YOU'RE RAD.
Aaahhhhhh retail therapy!
Barnes-y, I'm so excited for you!RT : Congratulations to on inking a professional baseball contract. Best of luck Matt!
I haven't seen it! They cut a ton of my best stuff out bc of space restraints! Hope it reads okay... thanks for tweeting it! xo
Jack Wills on Newbury st. at 3pm (:
The #stagecoach party has already started in the parking lot of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden where people are getting their wristbands.
Rare as true love is, true friendship is still rarer.
TIP: Unable to format\edit pics in Outlook 2010 with Word 2007 installed? FIX: Copy winword.exe from Office12 to Office14!
that's what "moneyball" was all about!
The Marcom Group, I'm an Interactive Designer over there. Just started :)
thanks so much for the compliment & mention this week!
"The Windup Girl" Most interesting, thought provoking scifi I've read in a long time.
Make #exercise part of your child's daily routine!
Heading west for DITA NA 2012. Sorry to be missing Philly Tech Week.
I always misuse idioms--damn idioms! Wait isn't "grammar" spelled with an "ar"?
I got the regular VIP, are you going to the San Jose show? xx
Stop on down to the Scotland yard pub at 9pm tonight and catch Dave McGrath perform #scotlandyardpub roc
Each session will include several exercises
Or a typical high-school classroom for that matter. Colleagues wonder why I spend so much time on phys layout of rm
it can be kind of old fashioned in some ways and not a new fangled sexy skill to have 2/2
Us too! Which pastel color is your favorite to wear?
yeh I was just saying, haha... Don't take it out on her, she doesn't ever even talk about Allstar weekend...
Show them the love. Follow our peeps:
There are some bitchy people at NARA today.
Possible conflict: learning negative things about that which is being celebrated/glorified by museum
At least it's a great pic :)
2 minutes to the press conference regarding Swedish Crown Princess Victoria's possible birth of a child
Going to bed
Oh Jon McLaughlin, how I love thee. I could listen to your beautiful, angelic voice forever.
See what foodie Stephen Silveman has to say about in the May issue of !
I will miss you the mostest
hehe. suck it
Its 80° in NY right now my boy ": This weather bogus as hell!"
Good morning Austin! Ready for the last day of $1 BEER !
I'm sure I'm not the only one to look him up and it said "User Not Found"! Lol
In Atlanta!
I'm a ggood person with a kind heart..
Chalmers baby love him as are point guard
she buy us stuff like polo shirts and shoes we get boo koos of candy and I get like a Axe complete set fragrance and bodywash
...from evening until the next morning.
#2followersthatshoulddate and bcuz you both are amazing and need to create amazing babies.
One of my neighbors walks her cat on a leash & another walks her dog while wearing a coal miner's hat w/ a flash light on it.
Pizza people:Your pizza will be there in 30 minutes. *45 minutes later* No pizza!😒😒
Wow fuck the wind blowing my bag off the roof and weed flying everywhere.
doesn't talk about me on facebook....so it's only right I don't mention her on twitter anymore
The list of my most anticipated movies of the summer is done-zo! You'll see it tomorrow. It's like the night before Christmas, huh?!
Great testimony, great sermon, and great music at Andersonville today. Halleluyer.
Shana Tova for everyone ! Have a wonderful new Year full of blessings.
Rendering a minecraft video then re rendering it in hd then uploading it
Dang... my days are all messed up. I didn't bring my gear & I promised to run an errand after work. Next week?
Never had enough money or time to do my own investing, so pulling out of TD Ameritrade is moot. As to Cub games, I've gone to my last.
Can't wait to watch the best pound for pound fighter ever on Saturday
for the record I've never been called out as well. Ha
A good friend and a wonderful author....Join me in following !
videos by the oz: MaLLy &amp; The Sundance Kid - Shine
plotting and planning
Learning python. Never used terminal so much in my life. It's actually kinda fun.
yyooouuu are great!
I want to play! That looks awesome.
message me and let me know if theres something I can help you with ... development-wise -- Al
- I think I decided I could move to Cali after a bowl of cheese and bacon at Super-Rica. Makes life worth living.
And I think I just saw walking up 11th looking gorgeous.
As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you. But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime.
Today was a tiering day......
thanks for spreading the news!
I hate how they have me testing so early.. i am NOT a morning person.
How much of an idiot am I for not understanding what you mean by "shipping?"
I have been there and loved it.
Waxing about 8th st se. The place has changed a lot since we were here. Though the fire engines haven't.
Deep discounts at Georgetown's sidewalk French Market. Til tmrw. Just bought cute turquoise ceramic bracelet for $5.
it was after testing i think i was getting a tardy slip and the cheerleading class was in the cafeteria
Just saw XmPie new product tease. Video, plugin for Adobe AE. Interesting idea but looks like vaporware at the moment.
Ah Copa's going to give me my first gray hair! Come on already!
Urinating outside feels naughty, is rewarding.
All this Peyton Manning drama is giving me an ulcer.
Ooh, I have new followers!
oh shush. ha.
Working on my insurance
Great voices need to be heard #makemusic #lovemusic #diamondteam Be heard
One of the funniest lectures I have ever attended!
thanks to you too!
Lol so random is funnyXD voldemart:(loud voice) "I've defeated harry potter..(low voice) doll." LololXD
": When a none factor becomes a problem they lose the none about them"shut the hell up
hey Dylan are you ready for tonight can't wait to see you on teen wolf LOVE. BE AFRAID
Fantastic! This is the photo I've been trying to get for 8 years.
RT : In other countries, people use Facebook to protest their gov't. In US, we use Facebook to protest changes in Facebook.
The purpose of life is to grow into what you desire to become
#TurnToYou is an amazing song, no doubt. #crying. Justin has gone so far now so so far.. :)
Delicious and hilarious!
joe I'm gonna die
Just had a fanatic 1st day shoot for "FRIENDS." Great job cast, crew, and extras! Look forward to day 2.
Patriots suck, brady sucks, lets go clippers!
After this most recent incident, I'm beginning to think that Metta World Peace has some serious character issues.
Just got my passport photos for my Japan trip!
Just getting off work and I'm super tired but I must get my hair done tonight...Dana I'm on my way!!
Megan rocks!!! She is THE most amazing Pilates instructor. Great work out. www.purelypilatescenter.com
We Bought A Zoo is so good! It will never get old :')
would love it if u would taske a pic with in it
#POD12: Seattle Oct 24-28. Pencils & Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education. CFP will be released in Jan. Proposals due Feb. 23.
Hello there !
Cincy finished strong... Making all their free throws. Make the game easy!!!
Headed to Art Exhibit then my shop. Come by 4 black weekend. 3431 Summer between National & Highland. Call for questions: 901-336-0Mom.
Today in Literary History: On March 28, 1957 Christopher Morley (American journalist and novelist) died.
P&V team on site at #UNICEF for "Empowering:Rural Girls: From Invisibility to Agency. We're also #WebCasting at UNICEF channel on LiveStream
There's someone who cries while you smile, one who suffers while you enjoy & one who's dying while you're living. Appreciate life.
Oh I do too! It's totally back now, haha. Some of my fave new records are sort of 80s throwbacks
You want a LAST chance, really? It's been the "last" chance 5 times already.
I know you were cuz you wanna cuddle with me dontcha hahah:) and we should hangout sometime. And tell roro I said hey
Living in Sacramento is accepting the likelihood that your car will be broken into way too often.
nice one
pictures??? “: Ouch. Who had fun at #EMEC12 #MPI Rendezvous? Good causes have never been so much fun! #palinka”
i hope so!!! i can't wait to start! :)
hahaha are u kidding me? it was friggin embarrassing and my friend couldn't stop laughing!
Hugs for everyone!! RT : ON OUR WAY!!!! HOLLAAAAA!!
Yes! That's true… hadn't thought of that. Hope all is well Doug!
Impatient for profit, also for Wall Street 2 Money Never Sleeps, but mostly for profit.
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this <3
There's some really weird homophobic trash talk going on between my neighbors today. Happy Tuesday, humanity.
I think she also lectured a bit on one of my favorite books from that class, Toni Morrison's Beloved. Loved that class.
So stressed, Im like having a breakdown every 5 mins.
Bon Iver - For Emma, For Ever Ago & TV On The Radio - Dear Science
I've already faced the facts that I lost dietbet. so hell, time for a sundae.
Chillin..show was nice
where you think to should be and why??
dolphins are part whale.
Idk ~Blown Away~
days like this make me realize that I have no real understanding of RT etiquette. Not really caring much, actually, because #prismlaunch!
Yeah you're right - I really have no room to complain. I wonder what the windchill is for riding when it's 45 out?
Thank you, !
what advice do u give 2 girls that r really shy 2 talk 2 their crush??
Jamie Dimon WANTS the $2B loss to be the face of this story so that nobody will notice the $100B put at risk
Calling all artists, if you like a challenge then let's Go.! Here are the choices. Make a lamp, drink coasters, or clock.
he didnt pull back to not bunt, he did it to defend himself. i can understand Mills' argument
Iran's naval war games just aren't that intimidating when a U.S. Nimitz Class Carrier is leisurely strolling by.
you two are nuts! see you ladies tonight!!
girl you"re so lucky! thats so cuute :)
That's pretty solid. You go boy.
always got your back bro ! Fam comes first !!
Thx Mayra! I really enjoy the content and value you put into your blog. You curate some of the best content out there!
Everyone, thanks for coming last night. That was very awesome night we had on Friday.
Sometimes we wait too long and we miss our shot. Sometimes we realize the truth when it's already too late
Is Jeff Reed there too?
Top 3rd: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0. Carroll had two on with two outs, but Austin Hays struck out Courtney Hawkins to end the threat.
Congrats to on his first win at CU as head coach.
Smith says first contact with Urban Meyer was on Sunday, Nov. 20.
It was SO great to be a part of #BWELA! Thnx for the amazing opportunity & great experience & ! You are amazing!
I wish there were a way to try out a Kindle Fire at home for a week or two before I decide to buy it.
Wakey wakey.... Audition time and filming
Just woke up from an epic nap. My head still hurts.
Any females with sexy halloween costumes??? I need a few of yall for the video June 2nd in charlotte. MTV MTVJAMS MTV2 FUSE. DM me!
The waters rising! Come check out the new close water views today!
Thanks for the Shoutout. I look for to our getting to know one another :-)
I really can't believe 's social guidelines are that draconian. I'm guessing someone misunderstood something somewhere. (typo fixed)
Got props for ordering a sidecar and actually knowing what's in it
then call me
Going to the hospital.. Ugh..
look for ( Picture Me) in a book store near u soon
How did Cassie make Luke catch on fire like that? What did that guy mean by 'dark magic'?
Life is what you make it. It always has been and always will be..
Thanks CDBABY for thanking all indie artists with your cool promo tools deals!..tweet!
Finally got my mixtape tickets today! So excited
Hi Reuven, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Well guess its time for some Saturday swag RT : ALL MEN'S DENIM BUY 1 GET 1 FREE TODAY AT NEXT (Beachwood)!!!! (Retweet)
they looked high quality and elegant in design. Great job
Lol said she don't know how to gargle water !!!
May 5 is our Cinco de Drinkko! Drinks pouring aaallll night and great food and music. Who's coming?!
It was a sandwich known as a "pepper bacon cheeseburger."
I think I'm coming around to your way of thinking on this:
Senator Richard Lugar has lost in Indiana's Republican primary..... Democrats now frantically searching to replace this lost support (lol)
Do These NBA Big Men Have Sick Handle When Yall Play Exhibition or is it as struggle as in NBA games?
no. That would mean KS makes money for people who never would've received any from ppl who never would've spent it.
Social Cam is like a video version of Instagram - an easy way to share short videos via social networks.
5 horses finished second in the Wood Memorial and won the Kentucky Derby
enjoy the show! Alex & Seth
In soviet russia, work does you! Wait, isn't that the case here, too?
If loving baja fresh is wrong, I don't want to be right.
"A Porch Isn't Dirt": one girl's pressure treated dream and the journey she takes one step at a time.
Oh Calvin, is there anything you won't piss on?
Plans and research are great, but sometimes you just need to jettison all that and get on with creating. Yes, I
The dude says "If you don't come down to the depot and eat some of the dudes food......you may be a sissy! I'm just sayin.
I think it's really important to celebrate Earth day today. I mean, no one celebrated Pluto day and we all know how that turned out...
miss u too!!! Kiss that baby for me!!
Burgers! Baklava! Drinks! Sounds like the combo for the best Thursday night ever!
anyway -- I was outside picking it up and thought of him. Probably will think of him every time chiseling it from the frozen ice.
Early submission deadline is this WEDNESDAY! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
-_- right now
Ok, is 7 followers away from 1,000. He once live tweeted an RNC debate using lyrics from Dark Side of the Moon, so follow him.
Got a facial on my lunch break. Guess what #1 recommendation was from the esthetician...YEP - SUNSCREEN! #Handled www.patrickssunscreen.com
And it suddenly starts pouring down rain?
Huge faith tester tonight in Pensacola. yikes! Tornadoes! On my way to Chik-fil-a to let the storm pass a bit before goin home.
jajajajajajajaja thas what i'm saying. LOL. i'm defending on monday. y con ganas ei! :)
HE LOOKS SO DAMN SEXY
keep in touch!
Be sure to follow to find out the latest news about the March 15-17, 2013, SoCal RWA writer's conference!
thanks! I hope you find it useful.
Apparently my time is up, so says the blocked phone call.
Congrats Bradie Ewing! ATL bound!!! Hear he has a good Center to block for him!!
Starting work on new film/tv project shortly. More info to come...
Nice to see you again, America.
Lets see. Camp started mid February & Plantier visited players in offseason. Maybe its something they could cover in 2 months
yep he is!!
Aw, man! Everybody had cake but me. Pouting now! ;)
I am happy to see that everyone is doing so well they can turn down free advertising for their businesses. Congratulations, everyone!
I told you it wouldn't work!
I had it in my hand then I broke it and threw it in the street
There's nothing like fb tumblr & twitter at the same time
there is something about this man and his screen presence that so many women love.
Bout to play with I am SO fired up!
Pay Attention, stay Excited, Never quit!
are you going to bed yet?
Thanks for following! I'll try and come up with...something.
Heyy sweetie-hope u r doing great!! Take care! Say hi to everyone!!
Mix not sounding great like you want like it to? We can help! Call (678) 653-1883 to find out more about our mixing and mastering services
NOW CASTING: Sexy, HOT, model, sngle girls 2 earn shot at dating a celebrity on a new Prime Time Major network show. Class & VIP
Someone rammed me into the wall at school today. I was so pissed...
Turn  Never turn-Future
I gotta pay the rent on my bday.. lol fuck that they can wait till tomorrow (:
on a quiet boring New York night like this i just look at your tweets and Laugh till my stomach hurts :] #yourthebest <3
Happy Mother's Day mommy! Hope you have a wonderful day! :) xx
Found another film that might make a man cry. "Moon" (2009) with Sam Rockwell. Thoughts?
I am blind like the mighty oak. - Kelly Bundy
tweeting live from the #OGOpening tomorrow night at 5:30pm. inspiring presentations, conversations, performances & exhibitions
I missed out on a super pooped diaper for mother's Day. Z gave me the afternoon off. Happy Mother's Day to moi ;)
#Reutherlib is open again. Bring on the researchers!
It's crazy how 1 person can ruin your day in seconds...
Lunch time
Lord, Almighty God, I like the word "rehearse" for what I want to do with all your marvelous blessings to me.
Rushed hither and yon from the Zoo to the Free Clinic to a WRUW Exec mtg. Finally home and taking a long walk to calm down.
M'Coul's is the Answer in Greensboro.
Coaches- Tell them what to do instead of what not to do.
I'd be all in. Can't wait to see you guys 8-31 in Cincinnati! 14th row center! Stoked for this show!
Just booked my flight to Hong Kong...now must wait patiently for December 1 to arrive!
Being at a marlins game feels so awesome
I love that story.
Visit (booth 97) and enter to win concert tickets, movie tickets, and so much more!
Merry Christmas Eve! :D
are live tweeting the #GRAMMYs this Sunday night. How cool?!!
ahah yeah. I can't wait for this week to be over
Couldn't agree more with Barneys...Style is expressed in the accessories!
Happy 25th anniversary
Life evolves what intrigued you last year shouldn't this year
In addition to this supposed bullying of a gay kid, Mitt Romney also doesn't remember writing "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt."
could be anything FF5, but I figure anything they send I will wear till it falls apart. :)
If that doesn't work out, the tryouts are coming up in April... “: Billy beane please give me a try out”
Just lookin thru som tweet and might have to stop following after that last one..... lol
Freeney's sack was really awesome.
What did everyone think of the yesterday?
haha you know it! Especially since Tuesday is my Thursday...
haha what can I say? :P
The Ellen Show literally makes my day. <3
Done perfectly.
KATU and ABC programming are back on Dish Network
Every team has an off day, you guys will come back great next game. And you know that they still #fearthebeard! Stay positive :)
Cutie pie cats!! :)
What's up Twitter and Facebook its super big daddy in house rep n heavy d buff respect and all big people
how you know she a fake ?? do you kno her
I love you with all my heart. JAH
and how would you know that... I am still waiting for you to stand that post and respond to earlier tweets.
Hey! Please Follow Back. :D xoxo
Love. Saw Byrne at Carnegie Hall. Also signed up for MOB in ten seconds with zero thought-effort. Impressive.
ow, Really Thank you! xo
So. What does it mean when you say, "I love you.", and the other preson responds "Oh, shit!"? Maybe I'm an optimist, but I think it's ok.
lmao yes we really are! I wish u was here!!! RATCHET CITY! Lmao
I think a blog post is an order after seeing the #HungerGames movie.
Twitter's good. Just send a second tweet if you need the characters :)
thank you! Already So confused on how to get somewhere. Haha oh
You must not have a life lol RT swaggin . RT : If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
liar....have you heard the new song?
Karmin and the script
4 in a rotation of 4. like it should be
Thanks ;D
You might be able to hop across the street and talk to the Remmingtons crew about it.
Have you tried Dick Blick's artists grade oils? They are newer and pretty good - so I've heard
New follower :)) follow him!
Northern CA!
way to burst my dreams<\3
another late Sunday night a drink is never a drink... not sure if I'll ever learn that lesson.
yes Mike. I know Guthrie has many haunted locations. :-)
Can't wait til jazz in the park starts up like how Taylors, & right there
i love it when my work computer randomly shuts down and restarts...while i'm working on it >:[
When the hands get hold of a flying bird, it walks the ground! The flight days of Osama is over! Good riddance!
that's very weird. Apparently it included my FB info with the link. I'm sure that could turn out badly.
Really great. Love Broughton's falsetto; the sound layerings are gorgeous (the cacophany at the end of "Ever Rotating…WOW!)
Pls get behind this he will change lives: RT : petition is @ www.jamiesfoodrevolution.com we need 1m in 6 weeks pls retweet
JOEL!!!!! Been a VERY long time!!!! Do you even remember me?
I am not a fan of dull airports, either.
how was your bday?
You're lucky to love that - there are so many opportunities to enjoy it these days.
thank you..:)
Today's Special: 1/2 Off a Personal Pizza with the purchase of a second
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Ate lunch at Beach Side in the Outer Sunset
have a good smoke out & enjoy your book nickiiiii (:
The Ronald Reagan museum uses camguide to collect "intelligence" on visitors.
ur just now figuring that out? Lol I love ur tattoos! Miss u friend!
OMG! Me too! We would definitely be the coolest kids in school! ;)
miss him!!!
Cincy, come on down to tonight for summer series! We play at 8:15 PM! Get yo dance on!
Ugh! It's Monday...
I love my brother( ) and all...but I just don't understand what's going on!
Alshon Jeffery taken in second round by Chicago Bears
well, I'll go to the party!
Monday : great day to add something new to you workout today. Start simple!
VIDEO - PLEASE WATCH - Chris Forcier- 2012 Furman Male Student Athlete of the Year: via
Interested in broadcasting jobs? Let tell you how to find your niche at the #NABEFCareerFair in Vegas on April 18
Can't wait to see jason_aldean and lukebryanonline again in September at Sleeptrain in Wheatland!!! #reliveStagecoach!
noted! it's a great venue. I will let you know if I see anything else! <3
Step brothers!!! Of course.. I can never get enough of this or grown ups!!!
never thought i'd see the day that michael ryder is the lead on ESPN.
#jobsong Fridays! Tell us about your #job and/or #company & we'll tweet a song that best matches!
RT if you have met Austin! :)
Damn mann.
Hello! Thanks!
Have a safe and Happy Easter!
It's gonna be weird not seeing #18 out there anymore
are you gonna be playing any shows up in the BAY!! or you just in LA this week???
Why can't I play Donkey Kong on my phone yet?
Francisco is looking for a news anchor position. See him live live on PinkSlipMixers.com/page/live-video
Does this have a hidden meaning or are you sharpening 'Simpsons' witticisms for a new career in comedy writing?
Two juicy, high-level .NET Development positions up in my sleeves! Great companies & good compensation packages!
Great! See how many people you can get to join by posting the link on your Facebook/Twitter... (Will be issuing a contest soon)
Loves the vintage clothes shop down at 3220 W Magnolia Blvd.
Btw, what the hell was Sean Bergenheim thinking taking that STUPID penalty?!?!
You might hate me for this question, but what is it like to be a meteorologist? A question I've always wondered
Do you have a friend who grew up to basically be a spammer? How does one deal with that?
What an amazing weekend- coached youngest son's soccer, saw him score a goal and my middle guy pitched a no hitter! Good times.
adjusting to some settings at this point
You know what, No! I can't fucking stand you and that whore together. You deserve SOMUCH better !!
breaking news from New York City. just opened a new office in financial district
I know that is going to get orgasm that #TigerWoods is winning at #BayHill but you gotta wait for the #Masters. That's the real test.
See! This is part of the test, isn't it? Like I know smart phones from dumb phones.
I collected blood from all the Poppe family during Easter break. Some willingly!
OK Fugazi archive presentation is memorable already.
pretty fly for a ginger guy
Thx! RT great Bitters the Hollandaise Sauce was incredible w/ the poached eggs as well as the ice cream
I'm hoping snow on roof of garage leads to new car.
Thank you so much!
that plays a part. Haha. The other half that I don't wanna be there
yay (: I'm so excited! Wbu?
I totally agree it is so hard to choose, but I really love one and only, as well as turning tables and someone like you :)♥
the worst thing is hed probably like that we talked about getting one!
i guess im such a dog because ive been dogged so many times it makes since
Sending letters to my Senators about "card check"
R U enjoying your MaMaz Day?
I'm feeling extra gassy today and I hope everyone enjoys my farts.
Greyhound owner/lover & brains behind Jem Racing has become on twitter.
...and they were probably "holding back" while on camera.
Anyone know where I can find Rock Band 3 for Wii?
