“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” Thank you Jenn V.D.
New twitter account soon. This ones a mess...
yay I'm excited
Oh and I love the mitten state. Lived there for 8 years. Getting married there in a month! W00T
what are u filming?
still life - describes the photo as well as snax's internal state at all times
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
We marked down over 10,000 units over the last two days in our Women's apparel department!! Let the treasure hunting begin!
Hey - your wife is delightful! Her segment with on went very well. :)
Seriously miss being miami!!! Talked to the bestie all night and that made it worst miss him soo much!! Cant wait to viait this summah :)
i dont know how to kick box! but if im up and can get there I will.
Join us as Stanley Clark students will present scenes from a play based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle at the Centre Branch on April 24th at 4pm.
haha have a good time making it
Line from spam mail: "It is so glad to know you from internet."
I've never met a smart sheep... a handful of smart ostriches.
Acoustic guitar has the sweetest sound.. it makes me blush (its too good sometimes)
John L Smith to replace Petrino at Arkansas this upcoming year. One word to describe this...WOW
Help #animals. Donate your old car, truck, motorcycle, boat, or RV to the #Humane Society of Harford County. Information - 410.836.1090.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Tonight's plans, hang out with :) Tomorrows plan, go to Richmond to birthday shop for (:
well deserved props, but damn that is one lame list except for Surly shout out
I still like the TV, though.
Just because she dances with you in the club doesn't mean she likes you. She was just feeling the song.
Three weeks after it began, hoping root canal episode concludes right here right now.
Thanks so much!
My wife and I always argue which is the better Mozart opera: "Don Giovanni" (me) or "Le Nozze di Figaro" (her). What do you think?
Yeah you are probably right, how good can Seabiscuit really taste?
Pull it together Dej!! Gotta go get sum soup, a vernons, and somethin for my headache....this sucks
Visit www.pittsburghgives.org and donate! I did! To
#WorldVision battling #drought by distributing 10k tents/emergency kits over next week in
that is my FAVORITE animal!
I can:overcome a crack #addiction, Learn to help others recover @ an Ivy League School,I can change the world I know I have
#justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy winner also said, with his 2 kids listening, "it's like being pissed on by an angel" with regard to Bushmills
follow me? :)
uses diigo with students to co-generate annotated bib
Just got a chance to talk about IgniteATL a little bit at #pamslimatl. If you haven't signed up, please do so!
email us at - we'll check it out!
Congratulations on an amazing campaign, looking forward to 's bright future!
All the girl ever wanted was to be adored and doted upon. Raise ur hand if you agree with and me on that!
On my way to Maine, I only hope the luck of the Irish is with me today.
Marathon week! Keep up!
economics is turning my brain into mush.
Yes that one. Not much to laugh about today but your daughter came through! LOL Our community is under a dark cloud right now.
Thank you for covering the remarkable transformation of the , our city's new hub for creativity and innovation!
see u playin lol go to sleep
Wash DC has some of the most impoverished women in the USA: topic at Wash Area Womens Foundation luncheon today
Clay Walker + Grizzly Rose = Awesome Show!
Been a while since I logged-in to Twitter via the web. Lots of good changed here.
Wasted Wendesday tonite at and that means $1 PBR's all night and no cover!
#marathon training continues : ran 8 miles today at 7:09 pace. Sweet ! Felt so good. Still running inside though.
what do you like
I hate how they do that. At least it was throwaway footage...
scheduled my bike tune-up for next week. get ready to do stuff.
Yes. Thank you. Using "Oscar" as a yardstick based on a clip is horrible... especially in April
#mlanet12 I had same prob w/ the planner & events on wrong days. Not sure if that's my error importing or time zone or planner prob
We working out on Saturday from 9 to 11:30
Ac isnt working.
“: LMFAO Rickey Smiley on B.E.T” He is killin me right now!!!
Thanks for the following.
Congrats to Col. ! Fun speech at the Luncheon today!
Thanks for the follow Popcorn Charlies (PopcornCharlies)! :)
I learned something jus now that'll put females in their damn place.
Bases loaded #tampabay LET'S GO!:)
justin is creeping on her account hurry follow her, if u want to be followed by justin :)
#senioritis is slowly but surely going to kill me.
The 1937 flood pic (with Al Gordon's place in the background) is one that I got from Russ Hatter.
nite Chris and thanks for following me and have a great weekend
I miss you too! Your child came over the house yesterday... I thought you were coming. :'(
Also in the dream #ATWT wasnt canceled but re-tooled most of the orignal cast was gone and mostly focused on Bob & KIm Hughes & Barbara
I can't believe I missed this entire conversation. *crawls back under my rock*
Also, the carpet in 's exhibit is being replaced, so you won't be able to visit him tomorrow or Wednesday.
I get to see in Atlantic City in 21 hours! I'm not counting down or anything! I really love me some #JamesBlunt!
Happy Bealtaine to all. Hope no one got close to the fire & had a great time in the fields. My Green men are smiling today
we wish that there was - then we wouldn't have to run the campaign! Motion control is really critical for high-quality data
...Thanks girly! My love extends back to you!
LOL #theyneedyou!!! “: Congrats to Mr. Benson on the purchase of the Hornets...I'll accept a 10 day contract”
its okay honey...I love interacting with u!U r my child! Whereis my HAPPY MOTHERS DAY wish?
It's black tea for me all day.
I like that one!
RT : Back in the studio putting on the finishing touches on the podcast & my guest mix for
- i saw them in birmingham and will do again at o2, at least on Sunday. best wishes and good luck, love from tom tomalin xx
#advcon Unlawful steering: "steering" a student to/form course premised on discrimination on race/gender/religion/etc
Did you know nine out of ten #GSAlumnae are registered to vote? How has Girl Scouts impacted you?
Cool, I Get at Him Later About That
I've fallen off the #gratefulness bus. Must climb back on!
Foundation bar!!!!!
I'm spending a quit day at home relaxing.
I love Pigeon! “:How many therapists does it take change a light bulb? Maybe instead of "changing" it needs to start "accepting".
do i have a cool outfit.
Re:| Help
Talk to the people doling out my letters.
We know if it was an all out war we would win hands down,why can't we win with the power of voting.They're greedy they won't quit.
Loved your sign off on the show today! ...Number 8 is coming, and it starts Saturday night at 6!!
On our way to meet at Really looking forward to it.
Out of that group, I would probably drop Aviles.
I'm gonna win the football picks, Can I get a HELLYEAH ! lol
Sure is... RT : Yep, there's a marching band outside the aimClear St. Paul office. Just another Tuesday.
or learning to walk/talk/etc. development sometimes = sleep regression
Nah.. No effete New Englander is ever going to win a GOP primary in SC.
I showed both of my friends Blackout and they both fell in love with the song. SNAPS FOR ME GUYZ
waiting for the day when #Japan will rise again.
Oh shit a fight might go down!!:)
Wish I was motivated enough to walk to wawa
Did the other 6% want Tebow? --- No! They are the TT haters!!
South Africa Springboks Pro 1112 Home Rugby Jersey - springbok rugby shirt
you'll have to let me know how that all goes haah
The older I get, the more facial hair I get. No doubt if I were a 15-yr-old boy this would make me happy.
showing Chardonnay love and support to ur feed!
I think I'm 3 or 5 eps from having finished that series. I should really finish it.
Boomboxes, then headphones, now back to #publicmusic with surprisingly loud phones. #cta #adele?!
y'all steady with shit even before YOU BROKE THAT CONTROLLER I was beating both y'all asses in black ops so stop the bull
Yeah ok well come do this MF'
my job is shutting its doors hopefully spending time in support soon. <<< Looking forward to meeting you!!!
Can I get a phone interview w E40 WITH ON ...I JUST NEED 10 MINUTES OF HIS TIME .THK U!
~ she's old school Greek! Lol!
WHAT? HOLMGREN WASN'T ON THE FIELD FOR THE FIRST MINI-CAMP PRACTICE?? HE'S JUST COLLECTING CHECKS!!!
What am I supposed to do when I'm all choked up and you're okay? I'm fallin to pieces.
It's a lot of sick ppl in the world!!
CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style to all of my new tweeps! *clink*
Finally touched down in New Orleans.... So happy to be home.
BTW, there aren't enough fake boo's 4 last nite. Had I been on air that's ALL u would've heard, LOL!
“One way to remember who you are is to remember who your heroes are." -Walter Isaacson
That was no typo. Pure 70s. And I also am known to get my jam on to "Hot Stuff," "On the Radio," and "This Time I Know It's for Real."
Would you be willing to read something I already posted?
“ Marlo tried kim cause she is pregnant! Wouldn't say that to Kandi or Sheree.”
Haha when I was posting on his pics that he was using your pics he blocked me.
good lookin out I missed it last time but im on it now
Hey Stay Cool Like only you can!
Let's go Lebron
We're not "the left." We represent the majority. Maria Elena Durazo
RT : (The only losers are the ones who don't get back up and correct their sights)
and the 1% died from gangbanging too much ok i'm done. :~(
That sounds nice. I need a hammock. LOL
alot only if its true love
Hi Marsha - thanks for the follow. Good luck in L.A.
Nice job and !! Fun project to work on. #sportlaw See you in Athens in a couple of weeks.
Demi lovato, paramore, rocket summer, and the morning of = best playlist
When did Donald Trump become a pediatrician or a a scientist. A "monster shot" causes autism? I think bad hair causes dumbasses.
Do you want to following a buying market or someone who is selling the samething you are selling !
how have you been haven't heard from you in a while
were is it out on? Is it in stores?
Need a week off
Make my money , go to school for nursing . I'm straight (:
Had a great time talking to about The UW CRs had lots of thoughtful questions. Thanks for having me!
Ay bruh, feel me bruh, I got the real secrets. For real bro. For real. Real talk: the secrets of life? Look at everybody like they’re a baby
Happy Birthday
Do you guys always fly kites? :)
Architects are perfectionists and very meticulous. I'm sure one of those two traits add to their sleek sense of
What a great memory you have! She designed the purse 2 weeks ago & picked it up Tues. & loves it. (Oh, & belated happy b'day!)
Is Toyota recalling cars really still "news" at this point?
thanks. Just need to find it now. All the BB's near me are sold out and its scarce on the web...
Walking around in circles (doesn't get you anywhere) it only gets you tired, but it is better for your health than sitting on your butt!!!!!
My father usually calls that sort of letter a "nastygram".
There's so much sub bass here that it's therapeutic
awkward is right. Okay we're even
I got u!! RT : somebody tell dont stop sendin music cause the events over..lol we break records outchea ...lol
too bad you wont do it
Today was a sad day but you wanna know what would make it better if you followed me!
"All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick." Only Adam Levine's voice could make this line sound sexy
I would love to drive a celebrity tour bus & get that $$$ cuz I be handling them big trucks.. #DrivingOnEm`
We're live.... it's Poker Headlines w/ , up next.. following by , them
Call NYC Printing 123 for all your printing needs. High Quality Full Color Offset/ Digital Printing at your service. Call now for more...
when you think of money you should think of me
Nice 7 mile run through #LaJolla this morning with
Staff is doing the final planning for Taste of Madison next weekend! Hope to see a bunch of you there!
That awesome moment when they play ”Party Tonight” by Mordecai and the Rigby's at prom. I requested it!
Bahaha RT “: January 31st and I have the bedroom windows open. Mother Nature must be menopausal.”
always + flow
Lowd knows I need that.
are you working Thur Midnights? It's going to get crazy packed.
The Vow. <3
Once I can peek at the files, I'll know better. If possible I'll try to wrap before I go to NY for KidScreen & ToyFair (8th-17th)
aww I bet.. sorority mtg soon! Hugs!!
seriously! Crying and more crying and holding
Awful news about Red Sox PA man Carl Beane. RIP good sir, you will be missed.
mrs bailey owes us a treat remember?
The 4th NELSI opens to a nearly full house!
Pears are, apparently, a magic food for Gidon. Then again, so are mashed black beans. At 8 months. My children do NOT have typical palettes
Rogers, hopefully.
your smoking crack rock
Got complemented.... Feeeeellllzzzz god. YOU ARE SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL shall we sing the ha ha ha song?
Lakoda Rayne looks and sounds great! Hard to believe they've been a group for a short time.
RT : Today's run starts at table 12, seat 9; 40k, 30-min lvls...all I can do is keep doing what I'm doing<-gogogogo! And GL!
Enjoy the show! We have heard such great things about this production!!!
We're with our Meridian Charter Public School in Washington, DC students today!
My first Moth Story Slam with and
Parents forgot to feed me):
I wanna skate wit ya My B-Day 2morrow
I love baseball! Its the only sport where a guy can have 4 #balls and still walk
._|--~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Ha ha! As long as everyone is having fun, I'll be happy!
We Owned The Night on CMT!! Hillary is so amazingly beautiful here, like always! :)
June 30! I'm a busy girl!
I hate that I can't sleep without my boyfriend ): I miss him 24/7. 
Failing at writing a paper, but love this idea by Jay Winter "museums are, in a way, the cathedrals of the modern world..."
I miss football. Sigh...
lol..me too. We don't really have anything planned yet. Are you gonna see any shows while there? I want to.
Finishing a good movie and then having to face the reality of your boring life.
You gonna invite Zimmerman over the nest #LFTC BBQ?
OK. I haven't even upgraded to the 4S yet so as long as I don't do 4G it's OK?
all is pack and ready for our Studio Session tonight. A.M
up all day up all night get high all day in high all nite fuck wit me
yea I know but I'm about to get all back I'm tweeting heavy right now and following ppl
finished my two monday books, re-starting "The Fountainhead" by Ayn Rand
And So To Bed will be the center marquee at Decorex, launching our new collaboration with Nina Campbell. Will we see you there?
Found 2 of the state title games (1995&96) on the fhsaa archives. Watched 1 quarter so far. Not bad. Similar stuff still used&still works.
Hey sunrise.
Could really go for a beer right about now
As I look around at everything we have, I want to thank the one who makes it all possible: China.
Milk and doughnuts put me straight out.
That's just how it goes with me.. I waiting for school to end.. Lol
I Just Wanna Spend Some Time With Ya .
That's so funny because I was just thinking today that I want your skull.
North Korea's Kim Jong II has died. **BREAKING NEWS**
Life is a game but it's no fare, I brake the rules because I don't care.
its playing early luv u
Thanks for the follow
No problem!
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Deseret News
My house smells a lot like that one green plant.. With the leaves. The one that trashy white girls get tattoed on the bottom of there back.
tomorrow is Library Day at Hunter College @ 3 pm which also means free food in the Browsers Lounge
Are you on our FB fan page yet? Awesome new contest details coming soon. Like us @ facebook.com/guitstripsguitarstraps1
you are a life saver and a saint!
That's awesome!
I've been grinding my teeth so much the past few hours I'm going to have to avoid solid food tomorrow.
Use caution - One does not simply walk into Mordor.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! What teacher made the biggest impact on you?
Am I a mean person for talking to spanish speakers in english?
Over and out folks! Nite
he's the best body guard ever. King Kenny. BOW DOWN.
Hey which app did you download!
Yummy, Chick-fil-A.
Thanks This was my first #libchat. I'll definitely be back.
Interview at ! This is what I had my sights on when I moved to DC. It's going to be great!
Wanted to say what up. HMB native now in ATL. Big fan of yours. I Intern on Braves Radio. At 680 here in ATL.
Real Steel, appropriate film en route to #CES. But Row 13 audio channel 13, return trip Fri. 13th.
you guys deliver to Baltimore, Maryland? :) Sounds delish right now!
"Going with Blake was the right play there." -Said no one ever
10 for 37 for our only two scorers...
You're Jus An Angry Child Mad At Everyone & Everything In Thee World, & I'm Not Goin To Let Yu Disrespect Me Cuz Your Mad About Something. .
strangely no reply from now. not even to my email. would still like to get the dyson heater but apparently they arent responding
I LOVED that moment in Sex and the City! So victorious for Carrie. I should do that; Wondering if they'd notice.
Bullying is the most common form of violence in our society; between 15% and 30% of students are bullies or victims. NASP
follow back? ;]
#ff cause she's a badass and loves us! <3
um... amazing! RT He can see Saturn without a telescope.
#ECET2 Listening to Matthew Springer from from National Center for Performance Incentives. Studied Nashville Incentives.
We were just looking at your photo and thinking of Kinz :)
« « Sometimes you got to give people the eviction notice in your life. Their time is up ✌»» preach!
Dude just come out the closet already. Haha.
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT AUSTIN AND ALEX ARE FOLLOWING IT!!
It's POPSCENE vs VAMPIRE WEEKEND tonight! Guest DJ set from of VW + resident DJs and 10pm-2am!
I should be Video Blogging that for the fans JL!
I keep seeing this article tweeted but the link's not working for me. Anyone else having that issue?
Word !! > RT : Congrats to for sponsering a ballroom for the New Year's Eve bash. Get your tickets now!
I welcome my new House colleague, Rep.-Elect Kathy Hochul, to the 112th Congress. I'm excited you'll join the NY delegation on Capitol Hill!
One Direction
Starting to send acceptance letters to #THATCamp LAC now-so excited about the group we have coming!
Happy New Year Chatham Island
The #redsox have 99 problems and Becketts just one
Sherrod Blakely indicates Ray may play. Does he know something?
#100thingsilove Las Vegas on a Friday night summertime!
nice, our captain played @ Wall. Tom McDonough
THIS JUST IN: In tonight's episode of , Ben came the closest he's ever come to almost making an actual, legitimate expression.
White chocolate is under appreciated
lesbian drama=regular drama on crack
Flat tire adventure time!
FUN! What color watch?
People need to learn how to shut the fuck up
of COURSE! If will let you take a field trip, you can use promo code RB22 for $50 off a ticket & join me
Heard that u should listen to ur heart not ur head! I'm in trouble!
Woke up without hitting snooze this morning
You have to bleach first.
Yeah I'm pretty sure (:
WOOH DOUBLE PLAY!
true story! no loyalty for sports in
yeah true, there's only a selected few that are wearable, clothes are nice though
Instanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
Betch you wanna goo??!?!
I love seeing people bitch about how the #AmazingSpiderMan is not the same storyline. THAT'S THE POINT, DUMBASS!
Damn right! :D
Grant, you are classy and cool!!
stop it. I had quesadillas tonight too! Happy vday to you and :)
Stretching while making grunting noises > haha :)
You're going to be pretty beat if you do both trips at once, but hey, why not?
RT : No female wants to be called a b****, but once you put "bad" in front of it, these hoes feel honored..........so true!!!
The owner of "I'll have another" should have wore another hat. You can't read what it says cc
You've probably never heard that before. Lol.
Attn: University Zipsters we still have free lift tickets to ski resort!! call us now to win 410-685-1867
I can't focus on getting my homework done right now I am so distracted but why though? Smh
GET WELL BLINK-182 - Tom Delonge cancelled tomorrows DC101 Chili Cook off due to illness, Travis Barker had surgery BLINK182 tour cancelled
If you doubt me, then you don't know me. I've got work to do now. Judge me when you see it tomorrow morning.
I am thankful for the breath of life, education, family, food, shelter and wisdom
but i hav no ride :-( to da pancake house
Pretty psyched to be going to the Boston Charity Classic Saturday. Perkins is back in town!
I REALLY love my daughter <3 Two days of sitting on this wooden bench while she trains is EXHAUSTING, but she's SO worth it ;)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou i just want it to be summer already!!! 😔 ☀ 🏊 🌴
Whose video are you going to use?
guess how many times iv seen nsn?? 5 times!!! and each time is more amazing then the last!! <3 love you forevor
My Mac sounds like a jet fighter's engine when I install stuffs using Homebrew
In NYC meeting with the FIFA master distributor for North America!
Apparently green bag csmpaign has just been added to vote agenda. #43rddems but I'm not there.
Great thanks for follows to , @ tamholland,
oh yeah!
Happy Tuesday everyone, let's hope the winds stay away today!
Welcome host Shawn Parr of Go Country 105 to this year's event!
At LitFuse we have been using the built in computer voice to talk to our "intern" Dolores. She has since fled the building and not returned.
I get to spend my Sunday writing two papers and a speech and I've gotta come up with a presentation. Ugh
Who throws new born puppies in a river to die?!
What was DD's score? I missed it! Boo!
it's been so long!
How can a nice pair of tits be on an ugly chick? That is just wrong.
We are looking forward to a scrumptious meal at tonight!
I have so much to do tonight!
Seems like a lot of people have lost the ability to use one of these RT : Q4) The freakin telephone.
Shit is #Noice Definitely dig it!
I'm probably the only person in the country whose not impressed by this mixtape
Cold as F*#: outside 2day, aghhhhhh!!!
Wearing my ironic made-by-child-slave-labor socks.
Serving brunch with half price bottles of wine starting at 10 am! Bring the fam for any bottle under $60!
“I am not our users. I am an information professional. My users neither search nor think like me”
hey call me when u can!
Going to watch, #ThinkLikeAMan on friday with my girls. :) SMILEY
So, how many books did ya read this year? Was an inspiration last year. lol.
A man who finds no satisfaction in himself will seek for it in vain elsewhere. - La Rochefoucauld
Now That Nicki Minaj Is The Top Of Her Game And She's A THREAT, Muhfuckas Wanna Ack Brand NEW
Indy really needs more restaurants that deliver.
Haha, funny you mention that because I've gotten into arguments with people about that. Some people are fucking stupid!-.-
Urgent casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
Flor de Pintxo + Sardine Bocadillo + Veggie Chips = perfect spring meal ! Oh, and, did I mention we are almost TWO!
Thanks, Carrie! We'll do our part. If it falls on 4/14, then it was destiny.
i can recognize a goldfinch's tweet from anywhere.
Great game for the #Avs tonight my heart was beating so hard i thought it was gonna burst out of my chest!
am just to nice
Take it to the head, yeah. Dont think about it be about it.
iwish ihad a boo to cheer me up rite now :/
Or is coverage of OCs an issue of efficacy, not preference? "condoms less effective, so cost of unwanted pregnancy exceeds other costs."
cant live without them and is the foundation to keep things together when things get hard
Finished up 7 years at Oracle on a super high note today! Everyone has been great and I look forward to the next stage!
Thanks for following/stalking as well :-) China is definitely a favorite place to write about - my first novel is set there.
Installing LAMP for dev. only on a localhost is annoying. Dad was lauding the merits of virtualization recently. Seems like a good fit.
How does Toure score the 1st one and miss that?
no they said that about twitter
that is literally one of my favorite movies of all time
'bout to head out to look at some houses in Newark. All part of my filmmaker stability plan. Thanks
I am thinking of taking my ccnet class through a community college
I love the California Roll as well
I need banana crack....
maybe eye should play her in NCAA then. LMFAOOOOOO. Cause clearly eye did a fatality move on u today and ripped your spine out
Miley ignores paparazzi, she gets hate.Miley tells paparazzi off, she gets hate.
That's the story of my life. Weekends hold so much promise of productivity on Friday that end up dashed somewhere along the way.
looks like we'll meet again in Nashville, eh? Look forward to it...Will THP open again? Maybe we can arrange yoga,who knows!
let's do a girl cruise
I love clock wipes. No apologies.
I wish I lived in Malibu, California.
It could certainly improve trustworthiness and be a great experience for participants. Improve activism.
it would be nice to have some sound for the Twins game!
#uncut was da bests
RT : Life with you makes perfect sense...you're my best friend  -We love too : )
Can you give a shout out to World Autism Day? 1 in 88 U.S. kids, including my wonderful son, have this condition.
omg l can't believe jacob inprited a baby and bellas eyes are so cool
"Ive never seen an Asian person drive a truck in my entire life. " --- Ya ever been to Texas? ;)
RT Fall menu in the works... Thinking fresh pasta, sweet potato gnocchi, and rustic... Going to be a great fall!
auditions for what
by only going to the the games I don't go to!
What happened to austream!?!?!?! :(
I wish dreams were like wishes, and wishes came true, cause in my dreams Im always with you.
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated in 1882! Wishing everyone a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
I need to get back on the wagon... but the Burgers wagon is so much more fun LOL
I'm such a cute ass bestfriend ;*
* Ain't Nobody by Chaka Khan* RT Question of the Day: What's your go-to karaoke song?
I'm sleepy as hell I stayed up to 2 in the morning
I treat my husband like a god. Burnt offerings daily.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen FINE: this is the word we use to end an argument, when we know we are right and you nedd to shut the fuck up.!!
Hope you enjoyed everything at #citytavern. Come back and see us again to learn and eat history!
Next time I'm in NY you'll know.
Dont talk about it be about it
‎[Campus Bulletin] Have some fun this week by convincing new students the green route Stinger is an express bus to East Campus.
follow these great people. Doing great things for actors!
Cold as it may be I have an extremely busy day ahead of me. Yikes!!!
Girls that like a new guy every week ...
Does your county need a Prescription Assistance Program for the uninsured? We are here to help!
I know, I know, this is ridiculous. I was around for a minute & a half & you were gone. Homesick for NYC. I'll be back come spring!!
Everything is walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright
#Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority. What do you think?
Congrats!! RT : The Treats Truck Stop, that is!
ah......... A Friday evening at the lake without children.
thanks for following us. Interesting tweets you have. How is the weather in Canada?
We can add electric radiant heat to your floor when we remodel your bathroom - very easy to do quite comfy!
Congratulations to Dylan McCarthy - GERMS' newest driver!
Did Twitter and Facebook turn people into nosey muthafukkas??
Bout time we got back to some real anchoring. Thank you, Ron Burgundy.
The good people always get hurt.
Let em be mad.
After one leads Minnesota State 3-0 on goals by Bro. Ammerman, Bri. Ammerman and Decker
Thanks! Actually rode to work today. Beautiful day.
Some douche put gum in a seat. Thanks bro. Now I got gum on me.
i've been waitin all day for you to call me baaaabaaay
It's my weekend! What to do, what to do...
lol. Thanks for asking! ;)
A conductor's release of a fermata is similar to a diminished 7th chord in the 19th c.: SO many ways to move on
The gyno office waiting room smells like rank unwashed lady parts and it is making my eyes water.
#relationshippains Feeling like your being cheated on.
Thomas gets distracted by Gerbe and gets scored on while chirping.
$42m budgeted from 2000 - 2010 in County Human Services funds went unspent. Meanwhile human services needs have gone unmet.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it is going. -Wayne Gretsky
Basement might be flooded but thats not going to ruin this day, so excited to me <3
definitely a winner... this CGFIA
Congratulations to Vince Sweeney for his appointment as Chair of the Madison Area Sport Commission! Great choice!
Too easy doing what you love to do to make money #$$$$$
RT RT : we watched the Lego House music video in class today and this girl was like "OMG HE LOOKS LIKE ...
I've disagreed with plenty of people who are smarter than me, that's all it is, a disagreement. Not saying my opinion>theirs
Inception still showing a great presents. Great movie!
Sorry if you got spam from us today, we had to change the password!
alright cool and u know when ur leavin
no thanks.
gotcha. I just wonder you can escape proprietary system/program issues w/ any preservation strategy.
“: I signed up trying to get #TeamCribbs in #SocialSuite fingers crossed lol”
Is A Secret Ninja. ;]
sunburned ouch!
Its hilarious that people wanted melo gone when lin was playing. Another clutch 40 point game #melo>lebron
Loving life
yes sir, can start making moves, more moves anyway... Haan
so excited to meet you! at MuseumNext! I've had #EVolunteers mentally on hold but perhaps you'll motivate me to start again.
enjoyed another nice fire tonight, off to bed...
Finally the drought is over baby!! I feel absofuckinlutely AMAZING season is not over bitches!!!!!!!!!!
"The Sages of Eidolon" - Extended Edition Coming soon...
RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be *brimming over* with our RA expertise - awards, links to readalike lists.
My sisters a Jew -________-
Uh yeah...they just swept the
RT : RT : RT : Over 13,750 Christians have been killed by Muslims in northern Nigeria since the...
OMG i allways thought that
Great to meet and at today's event for teachers. Let's keep making student & teacher voices relevant!
It should - those pedicabs are amazing - and always so nice!
Discount Door window : 15% discount on purchase of $2000 Use Coupon code:2000
I'm starting to wonder about both and :-)
If you liked hearing the keynotes give this guy some love : All done with running tech for #FILive in Vegas!
shot out to all u boys buying js to flip just to put food on the table#fatrat ibeen there
Now wondering if there really is a function for Conjunction Junction.
At The Same Damn Time .
After a long day of Easter and family, time to take a nice nap while watching the masters.
I hate asshole dudes that fuck over good girls. Y'all mess up everything for all the good dudes man. Damn....
Trying to choose a #blog site? Go where the action is! 49% of the top 100 blogs use
I just finished a 2.52 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS.
why am i just now tasting a chai tea frappuccino? this is my new drink
excited for the parade :) and it's sunny, today is going to be good for sure
Anyone wanna follow Steve Hindy's love of hats? Check out while in San Diego.
Buck up and be jolly, my dear lady! Stillbirth is a sign that God has a sense of humour!
My ankle feels broken.
wat is tha point of cheating bitch if its his dick then dump him dont cum wit all that i love him shit cuz if u did u wont of cheated on him
You're part of the #writecampaign? Me too!
Of course, because there's always room for us!
Same to you. God is beautiful and I love my life!
Constitutional Equality vs. Hate... and the winner is Constitutional Equality!
Haven't been on here in forever.. sorry guys /: ill try to get on more often - Jamie <3
Gracias! One love!!
“: "Music is the answer." Join us this Saturday to the sounds of aka DJ Konflikt! #PartyInParadise” CELEBRATION!
& if she lying. . .dont cuff her
There's so many snakes out Here it ain't even funny
Um, can't believe it, but I'm loving Phillip Phillips doing Bob Seger's We've Got Tonight. Bum notes and all.
hope the time signals helped! Great listening to your talks
Parents to participation includes first teaching them how to play rather than to just spectate
#happyBDayGeorge new foodie exhibit is amazing!
Gotta hand it to Holgersen. Scoring 70 is so #Tacky... Doing their best to avoid it.
We might be interviewing Kofi Kingston tomorrow. Anything that would make him interesting to Wease?
I'll be at the studio all day today if anyone needs to get at me! Friend or Foe alike...But I'm there for business so that gets priority!!!
thanks for the nuggets on social media. Great webinar!
#RealNiggas use this excuse "That ain't my baby" or " I am not the father"
I need to figure out how to soundproof my new bedroom......
People get on my nerves
Sellers that are decorator- or color-challenged should get a good stager. Call me for a referral. 817.975.9222
someone tweet!!!!!
-- it's just time to share my thoughts with the world. Er....the 12 people following me
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random & stupid stuff. But, I like it that way.
North Carolina...the only state you can marry your cousin but not your gay partner/lover. What a concept, incest is best!!!
Congrats on the engagement!!
2 Cor 2:15 says "our lives are a Christ-like fragrance rising up to God". Act on your desire to help, & see where it takes you.
When does The Good Wife come back? I want to start counting the seconds.
This #Saturday is our 16th Annual #Kitchens #Tour! Who's ready for some great #food and gorgeous houses?
I'm just watching tv can't decide what to watch tho -.- what are you doing? :)
you're not the only one...
Today in 1611, Henry Hudson was left in a rowboat at sea and never seen or heard from again.
Love that Sir mix a lot dropped the f-bomb while talking about mobile apps of the year.
Oh how I wish it was summertime again.. <3
My bestfriend said she loves seeing me happy. That's a true friend.
With temperatures expected to reach 100 this weekend are you ready? Naughton's is here to help. All our stores are open 7 days a week.
Check out The Eight: Reindeer Monologues this Saturday night in NoHo! Http://j.mp/dOSS4f
Starting next week we will highlight one member each week and their success stories. Send us your story or nominate a friend!
where is it gona be?
Super typical. Got it in pre AK to A10. I lose obv.
mauras is fantastic! Fyi there is a french bistro opening in Haverstraw by the guys from Union Restaurant
RT : "Keep it moving! RT #sixdegreesofhunger to six friends"
Tomorrow=sleep in,so outfit=yoga pants and a t-shirt (:
I promise it wont!!!
yikes! Spoor bits aren't meant to go everywhere.
There's something missing from your tweet -- namely, the dessert and instructions on where to find it.
Yes! Color = flavor
Continuing to look attractive for each other is important for relationship longevity.
Fuck you make me happy
Just got nailed in the face with a tennis racquet
March 2011 Newsletter Released! Many thanks to our editors
RT : Acting is done by feelings; you are a subjective person.
To a great Friday & fantastic weekend! thx 4 RTs and mentions this week
Ready for this clippers game tho
Twisting tonight along with Hosting The Society of American Magicians Holiday Party at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
Sat 9/10 Mark Towns bass with John Cain piano and Evan Stone drums at Eddie Vs La Jolla CA 8pm - Midnight
Congrats on a great weekend! Fireworks at the wedding?
At #cc12? ***Sat. 10:45am, HOLIDAY 4 - workshop on community/labor coalition organizing.
Proud to be on Team WWE
instagram looks so much better on Apple products.
where's the swag pix? ;)
u wrote ur pizza is cold but hot ?
Dr. Fab is truly Fab! :) Glad you like the post. I had fun writing it. :) And nice to meet you!
on a webinar re social media strategy. Presenter just realized this year that he couldn't ignore it anymore. Boy, gonna learn a lot here.
Nostalgic for your funny, sarcastic ass. Think of you oftn as one w/whom I'd always like to reconnect. Amzng poet. I smile.
my mom wants me to get of the computer v.v
It's taking all of my effort not to spend New Year's Ever at home in bed reading the last two Hunger Games books.
Tonight 11:30pm, Flappers Burbank, it's going to be a great show with great comics. I'm hosting it's going to be a great time, guarantee
The next guy I see wearing penny loafers with rolled up pants I'm going to punch in the nuts.
Watching Person of Interest with hubby! Heading offline! Goodnight Friends!
Only 8% of people are always successful in achieving their New Year's resolutions. It's not too late to reset your intention to try again!
Why does Centennial always smell like fish?
That is my life. :P
thanks for putting our Go West Book Fest on Susan's Speculations!
Alex you r so awesime... i reaally hoppe someday i can meet my idol (you).. or maybr have a twt... love you
First meeting tonight 9pm ICC 202- See you there!
Do you have agood accident story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the best story!
Skill in rap is just that...skill. No way to emulate that. Comparisons 2 artists may come, but that N no way detracts from skill.
Francis Marion opens new facility in Ecuador
Bon Iver has the #2 album on the Billboard 200? Outsells Gaga and Eminem. Unexpected to say the least.
I double dog dare a-rod to get a twitter account..... That piece of shit just got on FB LOL what a toolbag
Me too.
u bakk in school
Job Opening: IT Commercial Banking Compliance Auditor!
who is this about guys?!? RT : just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Every time I see the name I laugh, I don't know why.
Follow Me Please!? 41
RT : RT : ♩We're having a Tweetup! #nafsa10 is meeting in our lobby at 5p on Thursday!
#Walmart's online 'Chat Help'....complete fail! <<<--- inefficient and complete waste of time
I can't believe Illinois is thinking about hireing Reggie Theus as their head coach! I don't want the coach of Hangtime running U of I smh
All that bullshit done made me strong mf!
Nightly Ritual: clean up room, put lotion on, then pj's, pull my hair up, wash my face & moisturize, brush my teeth & then finally lay down.
I would like the Mets to destroy the Phillies tonight.
So this is what I think: (redacted)
You have to forgive even if you can't forget.
#STATUSTV COUNTDOWN TO 100 MUSIC VIDEOS... WE'RE @ 81 RIGHT NOW.
No respect !
thats what we do!
follow me cause I love you and your awesome
Just try and convince me this second-hand ZZ Top logo bodysuit is a lousy purchase. A dousing of Lysol makes everything good as new.
Just started your new book Grouped. Cool stuff! Would love to have you on our show sometime.
only 1 person? okay bye world...
#iusuallylieabout my hatred of KISS FM & Pop Radio.
Wanna pop bottles all night wit me okay with me
i love Chad's idea. there's already two people signed up for ohio. i think his 4th graders are going to learn so much from it!
lmfbo like who.
wont let me dm you but my goals are 2 go as far as God has planned for me and maybe even go farther than that and suprise him
I'm just glad we're all gainfully employed. Hire-ability for the win. RT Uh oh. The anthropologists are massing...
": Ryan: And now, reporting that Stoglin suspension attributed to failed drug test." Then good riddance asshole!
and i'd like a good rb in gb! I'd like to be friends with steve carell lol
the same could be said of bukkkanan re POC
Ah, well hopefully you get it back soon!
I'm lost on the twitter slang. What does NP mean?
looks great.
you know could not stand them nothing like free and aj
You can still make reservations for our Valentine's Day dinner in 18·81 Grille! Walk-ins welcome, as well! Check out our menu below.
I am going to be too excited to sleep. Love #rollercoasters! #Countdown t-minus 14.5 hrs? Something like that. #SixFlags Woo!!!
Started working the ALM of our SIS prjct in VS2010 by creating scenario work items and linking to scenario docs in SharePoint. Very cool.
BASEBALL SEASON IS BACK!!!! Who's excited?? My hand is raised.
End of the year sale going on ! up to half OFF, swing by
Finally my Twitter app is working again!😄
Currently suffering from a debilitating disorder which only allows me to eat dark chocolate peanut M&Ms.
Gonna take my pup, Bambi, to the vet for a checkup!!
Lmfao!! RT : Victoria Justice, sit on this face.
On my way back to Columbus!
Good luck in your next adventure! NBC's George Lewis retires today! We've enjoyed his fine reporting for some 40 years!
Homegrown musician Teddy Geiger is playing Water Street this Friday, so stop by Scotland Yard before or after the show.
Goodmorninq #Happy April Fools Day!
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a movie too.
"A song can speak and heal when there are no words to say."
RFT. How much more do we need to know about sex!? “: I don't understand why this teacher is still attempting to teach us”
I hate hospitals.
Lil Romeo is on a commercial for ICDC College. Can you say washed up?
where r u working now?
Have to stop playing lacrosse games like hockey games.
Why do the #Brewers always choke at wrigley, defense sucks worse than last year!
Also, don't miss BZRK!! Ilsa, you'll love it!
If Blacks don't value education, why did we fight so hard to get it?
Moes is better than qdoba and chipotle is a distant third.
Ladies: u hav a higher chance making it on ur own. rather than marrying a person with money... #miami No motivated females SMH
Good morning tweople...*sings* Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, would you be mine? -Mr. Rogers
just got back from winchester bay..oh my wicked razors...sick ass sand!! love it!!!
Aw, thanks! RT : If you are a musician, than #ff ollow , because she likes #SocialMedia and music.
You could go somewhere else, but their prices can't beat our quality!
I got 0% In my exam hahahaha
Dos. In. Hats. M RT : MT : Q7 Specific boards cater to niche markets Ex: colors, dogs in hats.
I don't wanna mess this thing up, I don't wanna push too far 💛
Watching Doug >>>>> having an awkward conversation
How about you have a M&G at the Pikeville Concert next Friday!
so what is it?
See who has viewed you on your LinkedIn homepage. Connect with whom you have similar interests.
Bob Ross~ Besides we don't make mistakes here we just have happy accidents.
Blue sky video is fuckin epic. Straight hip-hop.
Have you been writing something spicy? :)
Well RT : Damn wat should I do tonight
That look you give your friend when they say something they weren't suppose to mention in front of your parents.
...tammy is crazy dude
many wonderful convios this weekend w #techATstate people about and - stay posted for more in this space...
Just order it, bec. :/
I totally understand. I've been doing more biz lunches/networking coffees lately, but I'm try to cut down cc:
Why must you put people down though? Seriously, like them or not, show a little class. They can say shit too.
I luv u so much me and my BFF look up to u and Zendaya u r amazing
If not us, who? If not now, when? If not here, where? We are the right team at the right time in the right place. all the way!
--> I will treat right, if I had a chance, lol
agreed! it's going to be such a great feeling
No words. So amazing.
We’re glad you think so! RT: SO good!!!! RT: Sunbelt Oats &amp; Honey bars are FYE!
Watching Boy Meets World on Mtv2 :)
The recording sessions for Manifest Destiny are done!!! Time to mix!!!!
Watchin inside the nba on
Can't wait for my interview on Friday!
i aint no liar.
Anybody have a man's police outfit? Or know anyone that does?
Holy crap is getting punked
Hanging out with the Cougars of Milwaukee tonight at Michael Buble!
While all you party people are living it up at thunder and I are perfectly content casually drinking in a bouncy house
“ Some shit you just don't do!! Always carry yourself like a lady”
ah, do it! lookin like a fox :D
Should I get Super Mario All-Stars on the Wii? I already have it on SNES.
thanks for the shoutouts and follow!!!
.. when they themselves cannot entirely grasp what they are taught in the educational institutions?
for sure!!!! #love #princeadium #best friends
some chocolate looks good today. :)
hahaha, it's a lame joke at work when we're working with #socialmedia for clients
birthday sex?
yeah. :O & I'm gonna have to wake up at 6:30
on the bright side, its an easy transition from nominal amounts of sleep to *no* sleep.
RT Glad to do it. Good luck to staff : Happy that was able to join us for #tribtraining today! Thanks Greg!
Was that a police chase up I-97 or was that a Wada escort? AA County pretty hectic right now!
Siri began as DARPA proj. to reduce command centers from 10k staff to 1. Still not sure I trust it to launch my lunch plan.
#ces #mommytech speaker says "the technology talk is the new sex talk." Another replies, "but wouldn't the sex talk be a great app."
My boyfriend is mad about my love for Johnny Depp.
Trying to get libfreenect compiled and running. Ugh.
p90x today. I'm gonna die.
shoal rite
I would second this.
OOMF'S Is So Handsome>>>>>>
If you only look back, and never move forward, you will always be in the same place.
Oh no! I hope all is well.
626 movie night!
well that's awesome!
I forgot how great can be! Informed, engaging political television, it exists.
In really hoping for a great day tomorrow ! I need one bad !
Bummed that, Michigan's own Tony Lucca () didn't win The Voice. That Jermaine cat was good, though. Congrats to him!
Thanks new followers!!!!! :)
On Fire by Switchfoot literally produces tears in me.
who's doing #santacon today???
Hi Jason. As we say in New York, "I'm schlepping," but all is good!
New FROZO experience coming soon in Raleigh, NC.
Got #REDalbum ....it leaked! Its all good game! Ima still buy it!
In a recession there is one thing that we have to remind ourselves, No matter what, you gotta strut.
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
You're welcome! ": great Show in Berlin!!! thank you for tonight!!"
:) we raise them puppies lol
for tonight. :)
J-Wayne looking great by the way... Wish I could cut as good as you
Imagination rules the world.
Whomever invented Easter candy should make Easter everyday....
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
LOL, a broom?
#Makerspace #dml2012 love the act of making
after going to bed at 6:30 am I am finally up, my mental clock is so off!!! oh well Good Morning tweeps!!!
waiting for my lady friend to arrive so we can go get a bite to eat :)
Looking forward to attending Blaze YOUR Brand—Increasing YOUR Social Media Value 2nite @ the Rathskellar
An onsite Enterprise Rent-A-Car and representatives from some of the top insurance companies to make sure you have a timely visit.
Enjoying this Evans v Jones match!
Anyone have lower level T-wolves tix for tonight's game for sale? I need 4 together if possible.
For once I loved what david stern had to say about making a fine & suspension rule for flobbers! I hope this happens!
Great speaker to kick off the #neasist09 program. Great use of images in talk.
Does anyone know how much water a person should drink in a day? What about when you drink coffee?
Oh, wow, THANK you, that's really nice :) Will e-mail now!
and made my night... Dylan got on TINYCHAT and Jordan tweeted me!! OMG I love them!!
I hope D Rose pulls some Willis Reed shit in game one of the conference finals! #justshowup knows what NBA History I speak
What a play!
jealous! I want to go this fall. Love me some NY!
Right here!. Love them Bulls taking down the Heat.
Im no good for you
What's for lunch today?
creating the space by meeting them right where they are and allowing it to be okay.
sucks but i will still cop a pair
Merry Christmas tweeple!
A toast 2 P.P. & #Art -Cheers! RT A big happy birthday to the late and great Picasso. We would have liked him to taste our vodka
"Just need something to grab the attention" of potential participants to make a contest successful -
hey is the Belmont back to NBC this year?
cant make it. emergency. ill explain later.
Saturday Night town in Cleveland !
we're so excited too! What a great article!
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
Support our charity! Retweet Feed The D!
Whenever I eat Chipotle in #KC, I feel nostalgia for #Pablo's in
go ahead.hate on austin,thats not gonna change how many fans he has,how talented he is,or where hes going in life,doesnt mean anything.<3[:
Ok cool. Sounds good.
We hope everyone got a chance to enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend. Tell us what you did.
There have to be better chocolate donuts someplace.
Sorry! I didn't mean to. My phone is stupid.
Just bought the last new Fred Hammond CD, that they had at the Paradise Valley, AZ Best Buy.
How we go from #neworleansquotes to #magnoliaquotes? #neworleansquotes Here the shit go.
In celebration of St. Patrick's Day, Guinness draft ia $3.17 from midnight - close!
I think the success rate is lower for Madison addresses. Last year I was 0-for-2. Comps not often offered, nor accepted.
haha I dig it
No more hiding who i wanna be, this is me <3
Good point, I don't think you can use the survey to populate itself, but once you get going, could have weekly offset perhaps.
Yes. RT : secret to dog training is to mke it fun, positive, active, clear,& consistent. Or is that the secret to corporate training?
I texted you a picture of what my mom told me about her cancer...
I wonder if kia drunk my Gatorade I'm pretty sure she did..
Dang, Brewers lost! Headed to Brauny's restaurant now, I'm starving!
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got RaidersNiner game tickets todayformybday
we missed the gangster rap part of the day?!? :( encore tomorrow?
- 'Close Encounters Of Hartmut's Face'
sorry me and zoo lander will text yu first don't worry!! 👍lol
Thanks for sending that over! I hadn't seen it yet. That was hilarious!
are you going to prom?
I'm happy to have you following me. Much appreciated:
Do you have a long-term plan for business improvement and sustainable growth?
Suzi the scariest one of them all.
L.o.l
The 3 is my tribute to Harmon Killebrew. Actually, it was apparently the lowest number available to this William Swanson.
HATERS SERIOUSLY KISS MY ASS.
ya i figured. lol. that sucks. must be lame :P
How's Hawaii???
The unprovoked hate for apple in my store right now is driving me insane!
if you're willing, tech support or I can take a look. Is the data folder in the right place?
I wonder how man drinks Pete Carroll had before that pick
looks at me and goes "uh we're going out to dinner you know that right?" And I cried and got redressed because I was so ready to
thx, CJ! RT : An early #ff to two folks on the ongoing right to work fight in Indiana: and
Time to work on some tracks? I think so (:
Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
In the car.
1st Steelers game observation: the Towel's terribleness has nothing to do w/ the piece of laundry, everything to do w/ the owner's sobriety.
Love how people disparage others' comments by saying, "your an idiot"
Free #Manta Talk tonite just after sunset. Did you know? Manta Ray can weigh up to 2,000 lbs! Don't believe it? Have you seen Big Bertha?
GLAD I COULD HELP......i love this 1D family :D
It's almost the weekend! Come in to pick up some movies to watch before those first papers are due
And daffodils coming up in DC. Tis the season!
Sister just realized when watching the Sounders on TV the lighting gives the players 4 shadows.. now all I see are X's moving
thats gotta be one of the most deepest tweets ive ever read! ;P anyways thnx for following! :D
It breaks your heart when you realize that no one cares about you anymore.
#EBUS118 Awesome, You'll be twitter crazy in no time!
Chalupas should be awarded at 70 points for thr rest of the season
Best of luck on Saturday! Let's catch up next week. Looking forward to steeling KB this Sunday.
I really hope that's not the one thing we will always remember about the 80s.
Getting some cleaning done before I go fishing. Need to prepare for all the big fish I'm gonna be haulin' in tonight. Hungry for Chili's.
thanks for being AWESOME this weekend! Great service, highly recommend!
Congrats, dude!!! That's big stuff.
Negril as in Jamaica?
Madison 💙 Can I get a good morning? :)
Might give my students Myers Briggs personality tests before I assign groups. But I don't really want to find out if one's a serial killer.
hahaja I know right
How are you sir my name is Leon. I was looking to submit some music for you guys to hear! Are you by any chance looking?
in addn to understanding, we also elevate and fetishize older techs./media. Hmm, printed word and reading as craft and art.
very true!!
Bought Jose some cute shit cause he's the bestestest.
Is this a ruse?
you are gonna be one of the greatest actress of all time Lucille ball would be proud of you
My hands are shaking. u.u
Can you get those at Kohl's?
I am! I love it! I find that I am so drawn into the characters already, and the show had just started.
": Supposedly will open someday, but no time soon RT : Dear #Harlem: is St. Nick's Pub closed for good??" :(
Thanks for the #FF!
“: Oh shit, I forgot to order a bunch of WiFi-enabled homeless people!” // LOL!
my first roommate in college was from Texas...
I'm sure you'll meet them one day soon! :)
Let's get to work.
hahaha now that's funny :b hehehe
Kim Kardashian is always looking pretty :)
These stupid people wrote my schedule down all wrong -.-
Let Fashion Week Begin!!!!
*hands cake and champagne*
Turned on TV in the middle of it, but did Joe Buck just make fun of Kevin Millar's frosted tips on a nat'l broadcast?
Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you followers :) Plz follow
"For all the lies and the jokes, for everything we ever smoked, for all times I wasn't there for you...."
I'm sleepy lol & it's only 737am
that's not nice!!!
Your a GIRL!! I'm not your "G" I'm not your "Bro" I'm not your "Dude" I'm not your "Dawg" just call me J~Cup!
The dreams of the broken are mightier than the wishes of the dead.
hey its actually june 1st, my bad.
Packers by 6
who all is going to lil 5 tonight?!
Whats the deal Ms Evans...?
": Deffff just saw and on tv...if they were to the middle left of the band" THAT WAS US!!!
I'm experiencing "postpartum fast" blues. Much like Maverick, after Goose dies, I'm finding it hard to re-engage. Any suggestions? ;)
your welcome :)
I'm ready + began,but didn't finish cuz article broke in middle on the website. love to, can u send2me full artcl
Wish I could teleport to CO for NYE to see !!!!
looks like a gorilla! ur a douche bag for calling out a kid! #BBN is real proud of you & ur 3 followers!
Hungarian Sausage! Only a few left. Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno w Pepperjack Daiya Cheese
Glowing rectangles abound.
That's a question best answered by the institute directors. See the call for participation for the email address.
will do. See you at Roses this weekend?
Not saying he will, but if Darvish continues these bad outings how will we tell when the fan yells of "YUUUUU" turn to "BO?"
Needs: Primary Care & Family practice doctors licensed in Or. Come tomorrow & ask for: Phyllis or Sylvia.
I Love Aliens In The Attic Great Work!
#day of the dead and I'm feelin it
RIP Howard Kissel. Saw him moderate a great panel disc on Stella Adler.
Great way to get fired up on a Saturday morning - learning about how people learn.
acupuncture acupuncture! xo
one for the ages!
I miss you </3
Can't wait to go see Avengers tomorrow! :D
LOL And who says mother nature doesn't have a sense of humor. Happy Mother's Day weekend! ^_^
viewing a cooking demo that was submitted for Celebrity Spouses...
Where is sexy ass?!
Aw yeah back in business
Glad to see Sacramento is trying to make school lunches better. Its still awful.Funny how runs a Del Taco ad.
Two big flies for Papi tonight. Has he lost weight?
RT : Want to go a White House garden tour this weekend? Free Sunday tickets still available:
What kind of McD's doesn't have McChickens?!?!???
Love dont mean changing who you are to be who somebody wants you to be
Sweatpants are my best friend when im on my period.
We're excited to have you with us today ! RT tshaka_zulu: Yeah boy! There are #DadsTalking at #BWELA RT
Mystery bruises drive me crazy. Where did I get these huge black and blues from? Ouch!
Qld Govt launches 'full legal brief' on civil unions
Like Whoa
it wasn't so bad till high school. I was in private school I'll 10th grade. My last 2yrs I went public
I need a few more hours in the day for the next 1.5 weeks. Great. Thanks.
Your welcome!!!:D
I just sent anemail to about mymom witha picture. Youguys think you could do something special w/ it?
What you should have said was, if you don't understand this, then you're a crappy basketball fan.
I just hate school because of homework,quizes,work,projects.
Loving #FrimpongFacts and #FrimmyFacts. Every fan should take a look. :)
you should follow me(; and
that way I won't be carrying a really expensive jacket all day !*)
Will do!
Thanks for sharing. Might be a good time to do updated article, especially as we think about how to move to mobile
Mirrors don't lie...lucky for you they don't laugh either(;
Google released Panda in 2011 and Penguin in 2012. Wait until 2013 when Polar Bear is released ;-)
Finally reading SEX, DRUGS, AND COCOA PUFFS by Chuck Klosterman. Great stuff but I just can't relate to his sports fetish.
All you need is me.
My mom looked at my outfit and said "is THAT what you're wearing to school?"
I'll just sit right here, and have another beer in Sayulita Mexico. See you next week internet. Escaping the rain for paradise.
#ThingsThatRuinSex "Checks With Bad Breath and Ugly Moans! #Bitch Y Are You Making Lion Noises"
Oh for f*cksake! We now know the signal won't bring down the plane. but other passengers might
im terrified :$ but i need to ride a new ride soontimes. ahaa BROO ITS FOUR SEATSS (Y)
-y'all prob were so cute as little kids. #whathappened?
This is getting too awkward..
Lol did u know tht Red stands for powerful emotion of passion, lust, sex, energy, blood and war.
Going on a date with Jill tomorrow.. Going to see the lucky one with her since she is the only loyal and pure woman nowadays
I know!
It is royalty free, but you still pay 4 the license to use it..hence the $10. I have to get something for my work
Hi Bella, thanks for the Friends #FF mention. May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
Save a pretzels for the gas jets.
slacker ! lol sike naww I haven't done any work yet
I'ma come in there. ;)
Alex Hart: lover, dreamer, triathlete
Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela !!
": PLEASE pray for Jr. Seau's kids who are 19,17, and 12!" So sad... He was so young.
they're all tucked in to their sock beds.
#happybirthday to - we only hope we look as good at 212 years old! :)
hehe n'aw your so sweet!♥ #muchlove♥
yes, under the couch, the bed,in the washer, hide the beer!
Laptop dead. Lenovo to replace mainboard between 1-5pm tomorrow. Unrelated: slated to present lambdas at #NashDotNet at 6pm tomorrow O_O
So Hardcore! O.O
OMJ! Jake is online. :)
we know you want friday to come! we all want it too, but just calm your ass down and wait the next 48 hours just like we have to.
ME HUNGRY. FEED ME!!!!! RAWWWRRR
Reef Commandment #10. NEVER spear fish with a trigger gun. Use a sling or pole spear. No compressed air either. Give the fish a chance.
Uh-oh. Doesn't sound promising. Good luck! “: Baggage agent is trying to describe what a cello looks like over a walkie talkie.”
SUPPORT THE LOCAL BUSINESSES THAT U LOVE. Most have little capital and need you to ensure thier doors can stay open.
im good thx :)
ugh I feel your pain girl! I'm doing the same exact thing. :( Motivation: one and half more weeks and we are DONNNNEEEEE!
how much u charge
P.s That episode of the Regular Show was funny as fuck.
He got me thinkin bout him every since he left this morn. it feels good to have some1 u can just hug kiss &tlk2 all night with no extras
lol whn that happens to me I just don't even reply haha
The hardest battle you're ever going to fight is the battle to be just you.-- Leo Buscaglia
i feel so close !
Lmmfaoo!!!! Just Osi for me boo boo!!!! This pussy has his name engraved in it.
Got a ride in the cop golf cart to uptown to get beer. One less cop I have to kill tonight.
anything over 425 and I get freaked out.
Vikings stadium funding plans — their strengths and weaknesses
Don't tell me, it's not worth fighting for..
#Bucks Cmon now.not another one of these nights..
Home for Easter!!!
More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo.
I miss seeing Harlan RT It is a good Casbah night when Harlan pops in to say hi. Crocodiles in the house, too. Good times.
That works
More bad luck nd even more bad news...
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. ~ Demosthenes
September seems like such a long time from now but we're up for the adventure! Thank you for the encouraging support :)
You have to stay strong and keep your mind on your work.
Sometimes the easiest decision is not the right decision.
Smh damn damn damn right next to me!
I love Allison:)!!!! Tell her chris says Hello!!
lol Imma talk to my mom and see what's up
thats a nice buck.
your summer camp planning on coming out to the field trip game? Tuesday, July 10th at noon $6
Interesting! Our field tech said he left a kit, which has a bunch of booklets in a plastic bag.Will get you one ASAP!
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to w
I'm giving away tickets to Blue October in 2 min on the air
Pittsburgh everyone go
JINKS KNOCK ON WOOD!! (fighting to get to the tv stand) xD ( u pushing me flat on my face)
The Senate has approved the Assembly amendment to the #FamilyCare cap bill on a voice vote, the bill now heads to the Governor for approval
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations. Faith Baldwin
katy perry looks so cute!!!
My life in a daily sentence
That would have been stellar and no he did not. He did claim the reason for the 'stache was because he "could." Good enough.
so I hear
I think I am still in the Sahara tent...
Zig Ziglar~ You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Catching up on Castle. I want one. LOL
Hope they don't dredge up my usenet postings when I run for president!
Shit is about to get real ,u know u get tired of shit!
i wont lol chill but i fucking want to it actually worked for someone lol but you need to get it fixed and everyone is
Today's posthumanism seminar is on Cary Wolfe, What Is Posthumanism?, and Beyond Animal Rights. I'm bringing cupcakes to relieve the tension
#NeverShouldYouEver touch another mans junk....ever.....EVER even if he got it caught in a barbed wire fence
Saint's Row 3? The Dominatrix? Probably because everyone thought it was a joke until Ubisoft doubly confirmed it.
“: Role-Typical Prince. Do they mean "Princess Bride" type or "Purple Rain" type lol.” hahahaha
Awesome #RonPaul ppl
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
I'm deadass!
4-3 pens!!:) we just scored
The European copyright on Joyce's work has ended, making this a happy new year indeed.
Cloud computing may be more efficient, but are client machines lower power? Does the cloud substitute, or add?
~ Hello Jade - so very nice to meet you- thx for the RT...will visit your site of FB as well -- DJ
“: Hahahah oh, well thanks.” No prob, we tell it like it is. You're beautiful!
hahaha, spongebob is a trip. (x
One more time... you. are. the. freaking. man. Thanks for always having my back bro
Wouldn't it be great if your iPhone was also a pen?
re: Top 100 SF/F - nice link. The trickier part is picking favorites... Anyone have a top 3?
may i share this metaphor with him? he's an analogous thinker. he'd have a field day with that one.
Just realized I had more followers. Thanks guys!
I just completed another Fat Shredder/ Into the Zone workout day!
neither can I.... Wanna have a sleepover? Hahaha jk
Jon 2.0...im like wht wouldve happened if they had a 3 point line back in my day. When white folks still had a chance
Happy that being open about attending #reasonrally caused good discussion in my circle.
nope u got it backwards..i mean ill be there if u need someone for a casting or shoot
Always a pleasure, Neal. Love your stuff. No fluff. ;)
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure to college coaches today for free
Your girlfriend is a notorious whore.
#waal2012 recommended resource: Dr. Megan Oakleaf - The Value of Academic Libraries: Research and Recommendations.
Thanks for sharing the Warren video (and giving me credit!).
Met with Dr. Andrew Buchanan teacher at Randolph High School and the students he is bringing to the JFR dinner. Great group of students!
Omigoodness sounds delicious - perfect Tuesday lunch.
Hi do you have any interesting #PR stories?
Thanks for the shout out!
Just finished up the last workout for the day.
I hate it when people DMs spam
Bake sale is a success right now so far
Some of my female followers are just so Beautiful
LOL not you, boo.
It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose
got my chachimommas today
Sitting in the Atl airport thinking about how funny it would be to do a Streak in the airport.
Manchester, Texas?
Dropping in on day two of Music: Parts and Labor
Another great meeting with ! He's so awesome
Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet. Get out there and meet new folks!
Starting early today! If you want to make more money with weaves and hair extensions, we will train you! www.drwiggys.com
If I'm not friends with u when I'm sober I sure As hell won't be when I'm drunk.
CityCiao vote: Best nightlife neighborhood in DC? or ? You tell us!
So excited got me a official cornelia Marie t-shirt I'm gonna rock it every Tuesday!
hopefully, i'm dragging today
Worked all day thinking about watching BaseVols and Lady Vols at same time on ESPN3...which is why ESPN3 is currently not working for me.
": GOOD MORNING EVERYONE :)"<=goodmorning...did u grab my shot glass yet?
Shut up i know what I lost
its my birthday <3
Hip Hooray we made it to 300!! Tomorrow on the blog..... GIVEAWAY #1!!
#fuckcancer #fuckcancer #fuckcancer Our 40 yr old friend, diagnosed same week as M, has just been put on hospice care.
looks like you need to buy some new jeans...we can't retweet your next pic b/c, at this rate, they'll be falling off you.
I know I am so excited I honestly don't know how I'm gonna wait that long 😉
What is that, logic?
when you cooking again???
haha I usually accept the Hawaiian shirt in the summer but never the cargo shorts
Just opened my last bottle of McIntosh Run wine. It tastes like hope. I'll be needing to make another trip to the vineyard soon...
#LOCAL GROWN VEGGIES
awesome! See you tonight.
have yet to check out google+. Online video and/or audio chat is labor intensive but a better match for what we do
Tonight is the first home game of the season for the Gwinnett Gladiators. Looking forward to the game.
check out our website,www. bouldercoffeeco.com for the latest in local entertainment / open mics at the wedge and brooks landing locations.
you got this, dog. Keep tryin.
I'm pretty sure I don't like half of the people at my school
#Medeco believes in giving its customers the greatest control of their security
Looking forward to playing tunes at the Congregation B'nai Shalom fund raiser Saturday May 1 at 7pm in Westobough - tickets still available!
it's crowded now
Made it to the paarty. Shit's crazy D: lmfao, me justin and anna are doing the twerk! (;
Eventful night. Lmao!
ask Jose what Casey Anthony is doing to find killer if she isn't. Get in the mix! How does her dad, ex cop, deal?
sometimes i worry for you
I'm in mourning..... I'm so sad that the season is over.
yeah, sometimes they are heavy on the not-so-newsworthy news. I've been watching for years, it's just become a ritual :)
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together.... Carl Zwanzig
JAMES! How are you, 兄弟? Hope all is well for you and Jin Jin.
Could be so much worse.
There was actually a popular lit mag called CRANKY until recently. What about SQUISHY?
u silly LOL
The secret to life is not telling secrets.
Where Are You from .???
who said piece??
Located in 48 U.S. states across the country I know there is a PODS® franchise that can deliver directly to where you are
