can I run behind you? Lol
even when we're not friends, I still always care about you ❤ the jokes we make are hilarious & you can still sit and be serious
Real busy night at Mink last night. Fun though! And then Friday at Mink was another 323 fashion show with a hairstylist live on stage
i hate when my phone is off!
The #michichip and ensuing conversation made my day. Thanks for the laughs!
We love Lea Michele's tweet. saying she might leave NYC if horse-drawn carriages stay. (wish she weren't wearing Uggs and Louis Vuitton.)
Please give Andre Miller a going away party! You will have a sell-out. I'll help out!
I did not, for fear of calling down the wrath of the QR gods.
Senior Vs. Junior basketball game! Seniors better pull this out easily
anyone can drive. It's not a big deal
Up north enjoying the weekend on the water. Ready for a beer in front of the campfire.
Stay tuned! Our Fall 2010 Short Course Schedule will be up on our website no later than this Thursday (9/2): www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
I have a problem. I deleted the app. Want to get it back with all my pictures back. Can it be done?? Please help
I'm glad Shaw scored, but he got super lucky on that bounce
Damn! I like how you dance! keep going like this <3
I wouldnt be able to get there till like 9pm tomorrow i got work
Tuesdays... remember No Ordinary Family? that show took a piece of my life #IMissThatShow #NOF :(
yeah i do
sending good thoughts from San Diego
okay sweetheart
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
Happy birthday vinny
Well, if ya gonna go "blue", how do ya feel about Dorothy Moore - "Misty Blue"? Have a great day , my friend!
what the hell is dignity? I've never heard of such an obscene thing on the interwebz
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2, but only love 1
Anyone know if it's possible to get a link to (Planned Parenthood) original briefs (e.g., Roe) NOT through Westlaw/Lexis?
Total Graphic Solutions Installs Second Inca Onset S20 from Fujifilm - WebWire (press release)
POUNDING BEER IS AWESOME
DAMN GIRL relax yo forehead, more to smiling than just showing teeth lol
i got a "B" in my journalism class :)
Awesome, Thanks for coming out to see us!
Best constituent ?ion of the day! "Councilman Scott what CD is in your car stereo right now.""Phonte-Charity Starts at Home Ma'am."Priceless
#Taurus has all the qualities a lover desires, including sensuality, loyalty and faithfulness.
hey, haven't talked to you in forever.
oh close by! Well yea I'm down :)
almost forgot, happy april fools day everyone :)
It's wireless day in the tech world 8.02.11
City of Angels Salseras performing at Monsoon tonight, 1212 3rd St, Santa Monica!
Nice. How? Do you have badges or specials?
Man I hate to miss the beginning of the game, but I needed a nap. Today was too long.
you're horrible
yay work tomorrow; I get to dress cute ☺
thank you
No clue who that is. Too lazy to Google.
MIXTAPE IS DONE BABI was planning on uploading it today but the site messing up :/
I Just Sent A Request
#PeopleNeedToStop saving for a rainy day, hello we're in a flood here! And its to late to by gold too!
"All plans are wrong. Some are useful." Good quote I heard in a meeting today.
I wasn't ignoring you. I had to walk my turtle...
Sandra, it isn't loyal and devoted
"#StudyAbroad changed my life!"
I went to a friend's wedding 3 weeks ago. While the priest celebrated mass a homeless man started screaming. I stood up and went to the back
Great morning or #harmonica! Workin on the blues riff for "I'm a Man".
hey guyz i think you are pretty cool
as long as it's not what my entourage has been calling me - spicy gary
RT : Any1 know of any bombtastic Seattle or WA based companies that are sustainable+using socialmedia well? Other than SBUX?
Chips Are Down for Harrah's General Counsel Timothy Donovan (via law.com)
Clooney/Obama dinner or @ RadioLab live? No issue, I'll pick Jad and Robert every time.
Back at it after a 4-day weekend and bringing muggy weather back as well. No rain expected but steamy in the east county; highs in the 90s.
The economy a product of a "perfect storm":deregulation unpaid 4 tax cuts/Medicare D,unfunded wars (1/2)
What did they say? Can't touich it.
RT : Anyone see that creepy invasion of the Body Snatchers commercial from Jefferson Smith looking like the Obambies......
RT : What is the age cutoff for which someone can use the term "whatevs"? > Too funny. Younger than 35.
Cara, yet again she tweeted alliterative suggestion
"Don't focus on the species, think about the recipe" ~ Donna Brazile's mother
Vest fiend
Why would they make an AP English test so early in the morning? Its like the most boring class in the world.
Happy Monday everyone! Watch for slick spots on the roads! and watch the !
oh my goodness i haven't been on here in forever but we used to talkk all the time!
Welcome to the funhouse, Everyone, follow along. ( )
Mi gato duerme todo el día / My cat sleeps all day long
Iwish everything will be alright....
it's in my queue. Haven't watched it, but I read the description. So, not really.
Everything isn't always about sex its bout getting know a person n growing to love each other
I love roasted sprouts. They are better with lemon juice and parm right out of the oven.
It sucks when you’re willing to do everything to be with someone and they do everything to be with somebody else.
We don't need more things, we need things that work better. Beautiful experiences
Nice! Drink one for me.
However it happened, I'm glad it did. Amazing and funny too. Have a great day up there.
Oh well, oh well, I am hungry as hell
RT : Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth. ~Chuck Norris
if an author builds their own website, is she "self- published"?
Ha! That's been a while. Not to worry. Glad you found it - and me on Twitter! Hope all is well.
How can we help you here at ? We've got digital marketing and interactive media for days!
Saw you guys at #12ntc - any recommended reading on data sanitization?
Life is like good COCK, Hard and a bit of a rough ride but.....isn't that the best kind?
I'm annoyingly cathartic its good for my heartache
Senior Year :)
Good news on #Fringe renewal, should be a great final season.
REALLY craving tonight
Eagle P, Tez and a few more in the studio tonight. Hit me up if you wanna get in.
Goodnight, guys and dolls. Luv ya
"One day, you will all work for me." #gleequote #sotrue #mylife. Haha
I love you like fat lady loves cake
Come on summer ur so close almost there LOL :D I am so ready!!!!!!!!
Fuck this!!! Im On Night Shift right now.. Look 4 an Job 2 get into...
now we just wait for the official package so he can separate. It came back sooner than we thought. But it its all working out.
lol I suppose that is why I got the position. Dunno about multitasking but I am now a Master of Arts!!!
This sneezing must stop !!
RT : More Pinterest Best Practices: Highlight active pinners in monthly newsletters:
get out of my dreams, get into my car.
Thanks for the RT
I'm watching #MarchMadness / Speaking of, how 'bout Jonathan Lucroy and Mat Gamel this spring?
Just saw 4 red Camry's in Maysville must be a popular color!
about to go see #21JumpStreet with my momma😊
meeting with a friend today to discuss some good stuff. I call her Lani Legal.. talking about clothing and 501(c)3 and stuff like that.
: and after you've read that link, we can have a lively #FunfestFriday chat about GMN's w/their thangs & their thesaurses.
you can watch E3 right now LIVE on G4TV.....its on right now
wow u all did amazing it was awesome
Dishes, laundry, groceries, bills, #Qcut all done. Ready for the weekend
how was the powder at brek
Looking forward to getting back to work tonight at Rustbelt. Hoping to finish these tracks.
hehe I'm following you (; p.s I'm at big fan :D
Everything from the dryer is going straight into my suitcase, only because I don't want to hang it up
menu? Start time? Stripper show time?
I just found a real collar bone and a cheek bone. Thought that shadow on the cheek my was a bruise. Nope, it's a cheek bone.
Mo' tweeting mo' shopping for us both. March 8: 60% off for users w/ scores b/w 41-60 (up to $75)
haha I know he says she like hosts parties and sells them
Florida's Tebow a game-time decision Saturday vs. LSU
No love for our twitter wishes tonight...
When I see blood ima slap tf outa him
Um...wow RT Rampage Jackson’s Viral Video Features Attempted Rape and Penis Biting
It's scars me how much I think about you.
wow i may b the shotest person i know. how does a phys. ed major take everything home except for all of his shorts?
Looking forward to seeing on the main stage 2nite during #NewWestFest Fort Collins Colorado!
tyying to figure out why my compter is so slow tonight...
On the road again.... Moose Jaw bound! Headed to the land of
Go Pack Go!! RT : As points out, Saints and Packers kick off the 2011 season exactly 50 days from today.
Where were all the good beer commercials during the #superbowl? Budweiser needs to step their game up!
Thanks to Chef Brian Lewis & all 4 a great shoot!
Me at work: "Drive to the first window and I'll take it off for ya." I probably should have specified "coupon."
What fun will tomorrow bring?
Apparently calling a girl attractive means your friend can tell her you "have a crush" on her while teaching her to close... God dammit.
It's all about the K K letter G. Kappa reunion in indy
One: why does Earth turn? / Obese kids on one side, emaciated ones on other / wow! / yeah.
As of 6pm tonight I am officially retired from UWWTV. It was an awesome 4 years and 2 semesters producing this show
Off I go walking 21+ miles to day towards Lake Brownwood, TX. I'm still looking for someone to get me out of the cold tonight. 9179035870.
Good night
Haha I know!(; thanks for the phone call! I needed it. Love you! (:
P.S. I joined the smart phone club: switched to Sprint and got an Evo.
I was just addressed as "LeAnna" - now people are just making up names for me!
RT : College costs high. Debt burdensome. Help needed. That's why I'm here. Fire away. Use #AskVP -vp
Google only goes back two weeks in Twitter content #L10Social interesting!
hey man - are you doing O&A anytime soon?
who saw the moon at its closest and brightest last night? i didnt ):
8 more mins and Im off of work.
“: A2. Collaborating on the vision is key. Projects that start with a concept are the most successful. #IntDesignerChat” yes!!
If at first you don't suceed... You're not
Having a thousand friends isn't a miracle. The miracle is to have a friend who will stand by you when thousands are against you.
Congrats to , the winner of our gift certificate giveaway, and thanks to all of our new followers!
Be interesting to see how Whitney Houston's passing shapes the Grammy's tonight. All that planning..Proof that nothing is set in stone.Ever.
“: At the game, telling Jason how I hate everything from Philly as I eat a cheese steak... Oh irony!!!” you love me :)
you chose dry head over the celtics in your tweet and I said I disagree... Pussy
Tony Romo reminds me of an old coworker. Same big ears and "dumb" eyes.
it was freezing!
LISA WISEMAN lays down the rules for "getting wasted"...
because i dont got my ipod its to much work to get on the computer lol .
i just realized, only 7 more til i hit 100 :)
writer diablo cody wearing crossbones earrings at
We keep getting our opposing team's managers kicked out. Will it help us win?? Meanwhile the Yanks keep beating Tampa Bay.
The truth doesn’t cost anything, but a lie could cost you everything...
Wealth Building Seminar 4/25th @ 630pm est. Bklyn, NY. Multiple Income Streams - Energy, TV, 4G Internet....
sucks to hear this RT Square details E3 slate; no Versus XIII in sight
The IT Crowd might be the most hilarious underrated TV show on Netflix. Can't beat British comedy.
RT and follow
Yea i suppose, time to grow up!(:
no problem
YO....!! DJ KMT Mixing live Friday (tonight) at 10:30 Central Standard Time on triple w madtracks dot com
Lol bitch no one likes your ugly dramatic ass.
That's what we thought when we heard Promise Ring practices down the hall!
I'm up what to do today
Ugh! Did u come to Milwaukee again and fail to inform me!! 😠 haha
another great team name. Maybe we'll see your All-Stars in St. Paul again some day (or you ours!). Enjoy!!
?America or chivas?
Too late. They already did...;)
Shoutout to disco guitar riffs.
Man I dont want no company tonight! Go home!!!!
Are you ever doing to do anything? All you do is sit in your beanbag chair and smoke cloves all day.
No rest for the best.
God, Atlanta needs film/theater criticism with a point of view! Leave off with the random opinionating.
Thank you much for the FF!
how does the library thing work?
come out
Luke, the perfect revenge for getting hit, would be to GET A HIT!
Side note - they managed to find recording of the incident on the bus. AMAZING.
OMG ZORB! Fun :)
jermaine, you've won me over w/ that song & jamar, pip & james! #teamblake all the way!
Pearl of wisdom from DVD yoga lady: "Sense the spaciousness inside."
i sell propane and propane accessories
This dude looks just like Martin Lawrence and acts like him too!
prepping a postcard for print, answering email, the usual crazy Mondayness
You are my inspiration i love you so much,my queen!
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way
Khan Academy is down for maintenance. We'll be back soon!
I actually thought this morning 'I wish the iPhone had a vacuum app.'
Vending $5 hair flowers at Belladonna Beauties Everyone Gets Lei'd show at Clarion, Modesto! 20 bands, 3 stages!
YES! How lame is that?
Back at the AT&T Center with my #Spurs peeps. Feels good! Can't wait for the season to start in a few weeks!
Steve Jobs could be played by George Clooney in Sorkin's version of Issacson's bio. This should be factually accurate...
It's the longest current streak now that Valverde had a blown save, right?
Live music tonight from 7-9pm. The Heart and Hammer!
I so need to take my butt to bed but im glue to my Computer
we love u do u i hope u com back to boston i wanna go again to ur concer i love uu <3
this is stupid!!
"This legislation from ALEC seems like it'll be great for students," say politicians who know nothing about education.
Throw in some 7-layer dip and you'll be set!
RT - Lovely Day in the SF Bay! Son Nick & I are off 2 see San Francisco Giants Baseball Club battle Cleveland Indians. Au...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121 to hear Tricia Rose speak on race, gender, body image and hip hop culture!
Is it okay if I hit you up for some advice, Chris?
Agree! RT : new dance &gt;&gt;&gt; Kansas city dance
I'm never asking for the sexiest person fire Christmas again, cuz if Santa puts me in a box again, I'm beating him up with a north pole!
thank you
hail at memorial stadium
Try to play hero and 9 times out of 10 you are going to get burnt. Too bad Rondo had to learn that one the hard way.
I work too hard to be ballin on a budget.
It's time for everyone to swing from Ovechkins ball sack. Sid who?
followed bro
Our business is service. If you are faced with a security problem, large or small, we cam assist you by providing an effective solution.
I think my rock star days have passed, but thanks! ;-) Maybe if I sell my book, I'll at least get to go on tour.
#DontThinkJustBecause u married..Im not gonna look at ur butt
I saw it now you gotta keep it.
I know I feel like the biggest bitch when I don't reply to texts when I think I have.
done with one mixtape / working on another one
you're right!En you don't need to be around Rubianos all the time either! Ki dia bo ta caba bo masters?
Carole here...I don't know about you Susan Kim...but I am ready for the weekend.
Wow, that's awesome. Congrats!
Gosh, I'd love to... but I'll be in Spain the last week of March & first week of April. Tough life, I know.
Watching inane videos on #Socialcam? "Giant snake eats jogger" Didn't U know it shows up as your status on Facebook?
I follow a lot of feeds. My limit is 1000. Is there a way for Rdr badge to reflect true unread count rather than amt if >1000?
Listening to "no reins" thinking about and all the riding around we did listening to this song
Thanks Mr. Simms. Have a great weekend.
It's a Dawn of the Dead kinda night.
All-India trade bandh today
I think I could go whitewater rafting every weekend of the summer.
Is he responsible for all his teams fumbles?
leave me alone! you know you love me
#NOQUESTION RT : S/O Nate P.
Got SAT this weekend n I'm studyin hard
Niggas give me brain cuz all these niggas geeky
I hope the #Nuggets win, don't like L.A
Girls Night Out! Tomorrow starting at 4pm. Get your girlfriends together and call for a Happy Hour reservation. 202-450-4824
Playing duck hunt and super mario bros on the nintendo with square controllers
i know...thats why! plus hes on the #heat... i hate everybody on heat except for wade
Thanks for following...lets have some fun!
I love how most of my favorites were tweeted by we basically have the same thoughts so I always like her tweets
Gracias! Yes! When are you in town until? North side? South side? RT : i'm in chicago. cafecito?
actually that's a pretty cool piece of work! Do you own that one?
Paradox: It's wise to assume the other party to a negotiation knows what they're doing. Even though it's often not true.
#FIrstEdition #MoneyMonday w/ #Elections in #Europe - #WWWSD What Will Wall Street Do?
Every time I get a follower on twitter, I spare a life and let a child out of my attic.
": No matter how bad your Monday was, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom " I can't imagine
All over RT : thanks. Do you know What sections BC fans in?
This weather really needs to make up it's mind #headcoldagain :(
So we have one order for a Smoked Turkey being shipped to Washinton DC, any other people wanting pricing on a smoked turkey for christmas?
And now a family movie night. Don't think this day could get any better. :)
Pretty soon, going to head up to meet with others around a business I'm helping to start. It's the social venture....OF RASSILON!
You're stoked to hang out with me:3 ahhhw
bruh u finally caught onto his tweets leave them damn things alone lol..im nt judgin
please email 3 topics and I will pick 1. 600-1200 words for article.
I love that people still don't really know that guy from Politico's name--he's just being referred to as "that guy from Politico."
Hoping the artistic director finally hears me next week!
I knew I liked you for a reason lol
Thanks! You too :)
National Union of Teachers to consult staff in every academy about strikes - The Guardian
Why does everyone have flashlights right now?
Hungrier than day thang
Sounds like a reasonable time to me lol thats usually when i knock out x_x
Back in Nashville baby!
Driving a porsche = me under pressure #scary 😁😳
lmao u a fool!!!
I slept for my usual 2. Blech. Go to sleep, Jen (cat woke me up, ugh)
RT : Very sad :( I'm from Brazil
I've been checking out your work and I'm liking what I'm seeing. Dm me your contact info.
Heyy Hailey, how you been :)!! i miss seeing you on Majors & Minors, & the rest of the cast!! Do you like Big Time Rush!!
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who make it across the Oregon Trail, and those who don't. I fall into the former category
I'd say it was less than a week....but I was in the first session, so it was a quick turnaround. Give it time.
Will the Republicans will mention that the same demographic that overwhelmingly supports gay marriage is same one that watches Jersey Shore?
Like almost everyone replies to me on facebook but never FREAKING TWITTER.
now I have that 80's song stuck in my head! 
My recap from tonight's game has a little more on it, and there's much more in the audio file.
Spent all of #EarthHour at a vegan restaurant. Does that count?
I don't think it's that complicated because you have damaged to begin with to even watch that crap.
OK so I've had enough with these Lexus commercials- ANYBODY who knows anyone who has ever received a Lexus with a big red bow for...
We have to run our Roomba every single day! You'd think our cat would be bald by how much hair he sheds! G'luck
Evaluate what you want - because what gets measured, gets produced. -James A. Belasco
Good morning, Twitter! This week's #topicoftheweek is violence on college campuses. We'll be asking questions, taking polls, conversing.
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much I loved him (:
haha ya! How are you??
duck tape!
So who can help me promote my radio show?
marry me ? :D
Off to buy my bathing suit for the honeymoon!
What's wrong? I get to see you next weekend!!!!!
Found my way to the encore lounge in Boston. It's an open mic. Woo hoo!
RT : Attn #Runway #Models: Casting show for ! Come out this Saturday, downtown 10-2pm.
Damn No Goodnight Love ???
because tom said we dont need to be attractive he'd still sleep with us, my body is ready omg omg
Don't forget 8 is open for speaking submissions! bit.ly/n69D3D Will you be this Fall's hottest Ignite speaker?
ha ha actually no, even though I am a huge sex in the city fan that one was so awful!
Thomas Robinson played like a real pussy tonight. That boy was scared.
No glasses buddies? Aw...
i sent my sweet fiance out on sunday for the pain au chocolat deliciousness - it was amazing! i was too cozy at home! :)
wish i walking by
Losurdo, Liberalism, a counterhistory (2011): smart intro to historical entanglement of slavery and liberalism; limited archive and argument
lmfao! My brother used to work at wells Fargo!
RT : A Brilliant idea by Catersource and Catering by Design. Drain the pool and stick your food buffet inside
thanks, how u been anyways
Guys these days....smh.
It's easier to exercise if your boss does it.
What a great mission. Thanks 4 following.
Digital today allows for stories to never end vs only story telling under the narrative form
And then you'll have Wallace, even more responsibilities 🐱
I had exactly the same reaction :/
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen You get tickets!!!
Moneyball - read the book, enjoyed the movie. Wonder if its just because I'm an A's fan or if it was really a good movie...
nice armband what is it for? Captain?
Given the volume of #grammys tweets right now, I feel like I could live tweet the show without even watching it.
Where is :) haven't seen u on my TL today !
prince said what gotta know
. oh that sounds like it was a great luncheon! Glad to hear you learned something and enjoyed it!
Question: What's The Nicest Compliment You've Ever Received?
I'm not sure. Her main focus is quilting and she works with the Quilt Index. You two should chat!
Just seen ma x n Bestfriend nd they friends :) had good day lol
Seriously, I don't give a rats ass if all the celebrities r using a product!! All I want 2 know is, does it work? Sick of this celebrity bs!
Bucs pitching is off the charts, if only we had some offense. Really....any offense at all. Let's go Pirates. Wake those bats up.
Missing Spring-area brothers found safe
Thanks for the follow Mr.Jackson. If you could check out my music and let me know what you think. Thanks!! God Bless!!
i swear sometimes my mom just bitches and complains just because she hasnt done it all week, and needs to do atleast once
Why do generals break in at the bend?
I don't know which is scarier, the road to success or success... I hope to answer that question soon. ;)
Also joining us on the show today to talk about Bealefeld's tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby 12-2 pm
I hope I get to NYC swiftly! My legs are already restless. 😁
Also all in RT : To answer that email, yes yes yes yes. :)
having to fly to cleveland, of all places, during grand prix week for a job interview
Think of all the love he felt in the last moments. He knew he was loved.
Good to see you too!
new Every Time I Die record rules. Go get it!
When I play "HISTORY" unfolds....really!....this bass is my life..listen
It's GTBU = good to be you!
TY = Thank You!!
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins
Congrats! #DearTeenMe RT : Whoa! Good news! DEAR TEEN ME has been named an official Junior Library Guild selection.
So I take it that you chose to be heterosexual right? Give me a break.
Please contact Nick R on our support team. He has been trying to get in touch with you about a server.
Winning games like this one tonight at Fieldhouse will do more to put Pacers fans in stands than all paid advertising in the world.
Is It Nice Looking
that new pic got mad dog cuteness
We're fantastic, really hoping for a release this week!
My all time favorite song. Thanks for tweeting.
For the record... Mass Effect 3 is NOT better with Kinect.
What is he thinking? I guess his kids will not be using these social mediums.
that's near the Blue Ridge in Va right? If so, that area is awesome. Very pretty.
My limbs feel like spaghetti!! I have dropped so much shit at work! ready to go!!
Thanks Gabriel! A writer is not as crazy as the characters they create? Maybe. How to measure? By deeds? Crazy test?
Ima Just Tweet Watch The Rest Of The Day
this is the first time in a long time haha it's not like I do it everyday
thanks for the Love ill check out your #facebook right now
Don't forget it's Princeton Farmer's Market Thursday! Only a couple of weeks left. Come on out and visit us...the weather is beautiful!
Eveland or Hunter could become LRP
minor correction: Oh
No. Brendan stays.
Memphis got too complacent smh
Well I am not evil. Tilly is evil.
Welcome to the Annenberg family! Looks like we have lots to geeking out to do.
Could be the best twitter account I've found as a Milwaukee resident.
Looking forward to my first Rangers game next week. I'm a Blackhawks and Sharks fan, but I can still appreciate the #1 ranked team's skills.
Congrats! Best investment is to your health!
I wish this migraine would go away and #stayaway 😞
Has anyone really forgotten that?
Wow, Vandy didn't do nothing in the last few minutes of the game, Richmond wins 69-66
Pastor McCann will be on TBN tonight at 10pm! Check it out! This guy changed my life.
To all my PAKALITES follow
Head hurts and throat and nose feel funny. No go away sickness.
First off, 699 other players also deserve a cup and if that was Cooke or Rinaldo making that hit it'd be a suspension
I'm looking forward to seeing San Francisco NFC Champion apparel during the next Madagascar mission.
awwohhh :( I lost three followers.... why? :'(
this doesn't surprise me. My 2 year old nephew can work my iPhone better than I can...but, I wouldn't give in just yet :)
Meeting tonight!! Come find out more details about Saturday's Holiday Hoopla! BH 233 at 6:30!
i agree, it doesn't feel like christmas eve AT all.
roast beef with fried eggplant & mozzarella from Defonte's. That Way from This Little Piggy Had Roast Beef
oh word? Damn I'm leaving tomorrow went to today's game
cause you're a fake fan that only likes Zayn lolol but I only sacrificed for chuu babyy ❤ I texted you the pics we took yesterday!
i think connie hijacked his twitter. its all a farse!
Gene Simmons from KISS fame opening a new restaurant in CA. Wonder if they'll serve a tongue sandwich?
When your english teacher says "mad douche bag status"
Jay Rock "Follow Me Home" out JULY 26
it's such good music
I am on my way to church, tamala mann is going to be there
played hard today.. #ILoveItWhen it's all about the pooo say. #SGP lol ;)
: oh you know...museums, mobile, learning, all that good stuff I'm studying in MEP :)
Finishing up a fabulous Board of Directors retreat. Thanks everyone.
Where are you having your martini(s)?
love bites
Prayer tonight at MYC! 6:30...everyone is welcome.
your music is great. Very pure. Best of luck to you man.
wtf! ugh i hate whe these bitches eat my leftovers! gahhhhhhh!
Good Night World... Tomorrow awaits you.
cops at my apartment cuz my neighbors forgot their keys and broke in through a window
The mind is its own place and in itself can make heaven of hell, hell of heaven.
Bryce Harper continuing to prove he was a good pickup in my fantasy league.
Vacation plans cancelled due to being a grown-up. I hate all this appropriate decision making. Kudos to those who do it every day.
Why are people's Internet not working?
I've never been to a midnight showing...can't decide if I want to do that or a very calm(?) matinee treat on Fri.
better idea.. Boozer needs to step up against the better competition n take some of the "edge" off DRose
that was the best post EVER!!!! Haha totally rad rejection! #zombie ass-kicker
#Swimgerie fashion show, only on ! are you ready?
Wow that is CRAZY!
kmart4 6 my fav player is in china so fairwell to this nba calendar year i have no team except for the rockets now...
Don't know if you qualify for a mortgage? Call me & I'll put you in touch with a mortgage professional! It's not as hard as you think.
"Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you. You just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." Bob Marley, quoted in Village Voice
#iUsedToLikeYouBut you still think showing your kacche ka brand is cool. Please!!
So fundies wont be in hell with me, deal.
Never said that. RT : You honestly think it is realistic to expect UW to win a championship?
1966- “Monday Monday” by the Mamas & the Poppas becomes #1 in the pop charts.
UGOdotcom UGOsweeps hey, now that they lowered the price of the ps3, can you send me the one i won in early march?
Sorry you didn't think I offer anything of value to you.
sorry don't know one there but good luck!
When I'm bored I don't drink or smoke, I go in my room turn on my flashlight and make hand shadows. My mother should be proud of me
Awesome!! #furthestdistanceaward RT : Landed from Orlando went straight to Meet #TopChef & eat
Coming to America?
12 hours left to vote for SAC Chair!
Alrighty..I don't email much BUT I WILL FOR YOU! :D I'll Dm u it.
Welp goodnight fans and #CarrieUnderwood fans! We love you.
as long as it's a mcgriddle you'll be fine.
Lol cant wait to go day drinking with my females today! ;)
Happy new years. With my girls and Lauren. It's been a good night. I love these girls so much. :)
tonight was the final screening in the african art house film festival sponsored by
Where did you find this?
Soo excited that will be playing at JMU tomorrow!!!!! =) =)
Having to share my car with my brother<<<
oh ok. Thx for telling me :) how was ur day?
phase 2 of Insanity today, ass kicking to come.
GONE GIRL missing wife ripped from the headlines. but did the husband do it?
In 5 minutes, we’ll reveal the contest! Who wants to be a #ColtsDocsVIP and watch the Draft Thurs. ? good Luck!
Rob Williams comes in to replace Tom Baker as Greater Media/Boston Market Manager. Keep an eye on your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News!
:)) we'll make it work one of these days! RT : dang I keep missing you!
adults v. grown ups
there's after the fact punishment of course. but to actually STOP that? impossible, imo.
those days tend to end with the need of a cocktail or two.
Trying to figure out exactly what all I'll do today- Cinco, Derby, Nationwide Race, Braves/Auburn baseball. Lots on sched!
Thanks for the follow. Love your site's graphics.
Amazing, simply amazing.
In Finland, basic education for children aged 7-16 is completely free and includes health care.
There is no day that isn't made better by looking at pictures of adorable animals cuddling with stuffed animals.
Next thing you know, Sarah Phillips will be revealed as Dad Boner.
The older I get the more I find myself saying, "Is this a skirt or a top? What is this?"
If u have a roof leak call us 305-232-3344 www.vcassociates.net
Three years in Austin and somehow this was my first pancake meal at Kerbey NOT THE LAST. The short stack was glorious overkill.
does anyone else collect MAD magazines??? i found my oldest one, the size of a comic book! =D
Basically if u have a few beers you forget about the hurricane
i like that wedding pic
oops. I accidentally let my mommies dog out && he ran away. :(
Happy #Supernatural Friday!! :)
Happy mothers day !
I'd laugh cause I can't control myself...
Congrats on move to join the team! Looks like an exciting team and great space!!
i am beyond obsessed with that show! :)
Dir. Eide tells audience public expectations are growing for protecting safety regarding radiological preparedness.
#LoueyGettingSilly RT : Oh my Louie!!! Are you kidding me
Costner had one job.
Flat tire. A better hurry up.
Members of the Reserves or National Guard are eligible for the VA Home Loan Program also.
what's going on beautiful! How ya livin!
HOLY BOYFRIEND VIDEO.
I hate seeing kids at the site of a crime scene </3
I know all the ladies are ready for 's "Magic Mike". We spoke about it in NOLA. Great guy for sure. Ladies be on the look out!
Have enjoyed talking to you and watching the things you do since the day you showed up. You're very cute :)
“: hi, you're perfect.” Hi! You're awesome:)
It's such a beautiful day! Time to play video games lol!
what if I told you nice uggs? They aren't real. Oh. Well nice fake uggs.
you are better than me...lol
too cute!!! Glad to hear the fam is doing well!!!! Congratulations!! Can't wait to meet the lil guy!!!!
My computer is telling me to go to #sleep...it just froze.
derricks going to throw another party for you lol
#What2ChainzWouldSay bitch im 2chainz got Stanky feet three fingers thats stinky pink porno gotta beat my meat then I nut kitchen sink
When did Missed Connections get so boring?
I don't think your stupid� but what's my opinion against thousands?
And another one - The Santorini Be A Goddess winner goes to the European Wax Center in Kendall!
will you please come back and play for duke again I miss you.
#I cried when I lost my soul mate
I think my body is trying to suffocate itself. I can't breath through my nose, and its hard/hurts to swallow. Its been nice knowing you all.
"The world is but a canvas to our imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
John Simon~ Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is ignorant.
WORD! RT : Great to hear that allows their employees to be themselves - creates a great culture
That's what separates you from the monkeys
Good morning friend!
I fly a lot. One of these days, I'm going to get one the wrong plane and end up in Albuquerque.
Do we not get Kevin baby pictures!?
YOU A BHADD BITCH & YA FRIEND BHADD TOO....;-)
North Carolina. Where Michael Jordan played college basketball.
ring me up when you're free...
We will be closing the dining room tonight at 5:30 for a private party, we will still be serving take out orders during the party
Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
#HookMeUp with them watch the throne tickets!!!
best thing about christmas eve
RT : saw your new catalog! Some very pretty new lilybees and the Gwyneth's finally out in my size so excited!
We'll be thinking about you.
u r so a beautiful woman
Melanie, thank you very much for that great review!!
Excited to see how new #PSUBOT trustees shape direction & be stronger reps for #psu alumni voice. Thx & Time to get 2 work
Make it an outstanding day peeps! B sure to get ur workout on and tweak that diet. Your bodies will thank you for it! Blessings...
Who else will walk up and down an escalator instead of waiting for it to take you up or down?
Making the final touches on 's spring calendar. Post tomorrow.
I followed!
How's the Monday commute this morning? At least it's a beautiful day outside!
I know an awesome Winter Hotspot!
Today Art Pulse finds out if we are the winning bidder in the Pacific View Elementary School site
#pladml what is the url for the dml specific blog?
too nyquild to have the full convo but its Bonds elephant or not
Lower Allston smells like someone's having a bonfire built exclusively from pot.
Worst hotel ever, we're drunk and locked out of our room
Aw come on, I'm sure lots of ppl care!
Finally Home!
Hey hi,how are u?
Yeah I have seen some of those. He is liberal, but maybe he has read a bunch/lot of stuff that changed his opinion on that?
#Bestie!!!! I miss you!! MLK is straight ghetto and hood lol! This store is crazy! Lucky I got hood chicks who work for me
The suspense is killing me. Dont let me down.
Government regulation of sugar in people's personal live? (i.e. carding kids for soda, candy) Ridiculous! Just sayin'
People Follow my Great Friend:
That moment when you have a sharpie and you have the urge to draw on everything.
thanks for the follow :)
I'm finally 22---sheesh I'm getting old :( lol it's a blessing tho
I really miss my dog I swear I always hear her barking then I look n she's not there :( I hope she's safe & taken care of <3
I need a massage...my shoulder hurts...):
RT : Join an intriguing discussion of the Katyn Murders in Poland during WWII. Today at 1:30 at #ClevelandState in LB60
Snooki from “Jersey Shore” Lied: She Really is Pregnant!
never been to one man. Looks like I gotta check that out soon. Any recommendations sir?
where do you play man?
Nothing but Yankee victories this weekend as team Chasing800 was in the Bronx! www.Chasing800.com
#Blazers beat the #Nets 101-88. Portland closed the game on a 19-3 run. Nets went final 6:50 w/o a FG.
where do you live ?
Happy Earthquake Day
Uh oh, no reception in the dungeon? Call my office line peeps.
We had our first interview tonight! :) It went awesome! :)
im jealous
IM NOT HAPPY!!!!! COME ON NEW YORK!!!
Old rule was that you're not allowed to wear "extra" protection after a certain amount of time following a surgery/injury.
We've all been there before, except for the countless obvious differences
Excited to be going to the #nsta12 with on March 29-April 1. Stop by our Booth #2238 to see our amazing science collections!
Happy Easter peeps!
Friday Friday got to get down on Friday <33
since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!
i've never been to smashburger. idk if its good or not. D:
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly. -Marcus Licinius Crassus
what questions Mistress???
Does he do the same songs every show.
aw yea foreal
Ladies if you have a trash bag in your car window there should not be a man sitting in your car with you.
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be
8 more hours...I can see the light at the end of the tunnel
I can't wait either! So excited! I'm a bit nervous and I hope you'll like the package.
yea hehehe:) so what r u gonna do for valentines day???
Gorgeous (but cool) day here in Charleston SC - waiting for delivery to setup Emmens Preserve interactive touchscreeen system!
There are some amazing things being hatched at !
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step ~ Lao Tzu
HES STUPID A F , when you have one its supose too be better xD
Thanks for the feedback. I don't have many coins on the site because I don't know much about the subject.
Today at 12pm EST,5pm GMT, 2 Damn Cheeky (Rob Keith / Rich Foster) on FriskyRadio, new 2hr set from Rob Keith, hop in and take the ride !!!!
I wish I could go back to high school
So glad it's igniting your #AudaciousFaith! Keep sharing the msg. ^staff
#rt It's closer than you may think.
This season of Survivor just got boooooorrrriiiinnnggg!!! Damn.
Listen to "FUSiON" tonight from 6-7!
why is that?
Happy Birthday dude!
New trick to get cats to come in the house: playing YouTube clips of meowing on my phone.
niggah you called me whn you were at Wing Stop yesterday. you're fat
Episode 52 will be up tonight!
Solo all morning!?!?! Yikes! Good Luck!
As for this draft, I just look for "hope" and don't care if it's bats or arms. Gotta just get talent.
Thanks bud - back at you.
March is brain injury awareness month! A Traumatic Brain Injury can happen anytime, anywhere, and to anyone.
so excited to see you this weekend and drink amazing wines! You tell me what to pour & I'm on it!! #Wine&Friends
Don't I wish! :D
....changed my name!
'I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.' Rita Mae Brown via
have fun...remember the good 'ol days of haning out...miss them!! We will get together. have fun..tell Cindy "HEY" MUAH!!!!!
Per MLB policy, we are not allowed to post any game audio online including...
Finished re-watching Season 4 of , ready for Season 5 premiere tonight!
Thanks for reading Alex - I'll check out your questions!
"Just because no one believes u can do it, doesn't mean u can't... Believe in yourself & just DO it"
I wish I could go back to this time last year when I actually had a happy life
MT : Sad: seeing neighbor kids walking to 7-11 to get unhealthy brkfast. / can't eat healthy if u can't find healthy.
I.e., the pundits were right.
“: great time with Vilinsky today!! we did work with liebs!” #BreakfastofChampions 🍳🍞🍴
Happy Monday, follow your dreams.
just listened to your stuff on myspace. fantastic. love it. thanks for the follow!
I don't think he was that "terrible." Maybe I'm dumb, but sounds like he just wants Uthoff to explain why he's transferring (via the appeal)
'We intend to eliminate homelesnees by 2017 & veteran homelessness by 2015. We are on the mark.'Estelle Richman, HUD,
i am so f'ing obsessed with the West Wing, I can't even stand it. Why did I wait so long? "access" episode arguably one of the best.
hahaha..its an arabic song.
So tonight I lost my first Volleyball game VERY! Last year we were undefeated, and this year we were to up until today!
OH from a 5 YO in the pking lot: You mean you don't telemark? Laughter & pride from the telemark-dad ensued. cc
Love how you can tell which Metro drivers are locals: "Next station is *mumblemumble" WASHINGTON NATIONAL AIRPORT."
Thank You for Following us on Twitter!
Full moon tonight + spring renewal.......always a time of reflection and a surge of energy for things to look + feel different! Sigh!
Hello everyone. Did a lot around home today & am tired. Need to rest a bit, but will try to fill you in on more things ASAP. C U later....
for my fitness bikini comp!
I'm in for that minus Noche lol
RT : RT s/o to the House that Chapman Built - Happy Charter Day to the BN bruhs!
He is ALWAYS on time!
Hey guys! We've added many new cars to our fleet! Short waits city wide Seattle! Make us your first call when ya need a cab! (206)722-7696
Oh no. You will never get that Saturday night back.
Once again late cuz of construction maybe i should leave an hour early to get to the school
misjudged the distance between my head and the wall. I think I might go crawl in a hole now.
:( yes it does.
My grandma sold my pappy's car and gave me $500 and I may get it
You are too positive! :)
You too!
Catching up on khloe and Lamar. Gosh I love this show hahaha
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges
Head on over to Hotch-A-Do Fri/Sat for their fish fry - why not get 50% off by heading to www.crowdclick.com first!
Having a background in sales makes car shopping much more fun.
Sure you'll have no problem finding an ugly sweater there!
One word says it all. #Brewers !!!!
#4famouswords -- free's ass is fine --- get me some honey.
Tori Spelling coming up in minutes on the show
asdfghkl i met your mom today!!! :)
New day just searching for
Im so proud of my sisters Yuki and Miinah graduting.. I am a proud big sis!! Saranghae sisters!! U deserve it!!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Waiting for my hair stylist who is 40 mins late. Good thing I've been seeing her for a bunch of yrs.
RT #Libra: sex, drugs and smarts
TRUE INDEED, people need to understand there is a BIG DIFFERENCE!!!
Remind me to tell you about my half-baked Occupy the Playa idea sometime
Batter up? Are we going to have deep fried flying monkeys? ;)
I would LOVE to wake up to following or had tweeted me..
would you expect anything less Kirstie? When you got it you got it and chica YOU got IT!
gop doesn't give a rat's ass about anything that the dems are saying...rude, crude, and just plain mean!!!
Man landeskog is good
Today's gift card winner is PAM BROWN. Congratulations!
haha nice memory ;)
it's kinda cool but its been warm its off and on. lots of rain
Right back at ya! Have you started to think about playing #volleyball in college?
i can't seem to get on your website...just lettin ya know!
Thanks. Hope you're good.
It's always edifying to discuss #mentoring and #informallearning with CAEA colleagues!
have fun with asmister on your date!
what kind of writing do u do? i write much about health care & trying 2 evolve toward fiction ..
I heartily support Chuck Neinas; as a Badger and submariner he can defeat foes both underground and undersea.
RT : 90% of #lottery winners burn through their dough in 5 years. Most folks are horribly inept at managing money
i just watched your cover on Luke James i want you and i was amazed.
I always say this during the World Cups, but I mean it this time: I could definitely be a soccer fan. Go Team USA!
OMG is following me! Heart!
If you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me I'll lose interest in you just saying.
I like hard labor because I know I'm strong enough to do it :)
What's good Bros?
Right back at ya “: Two auditions today and a great shoot for Unity Home Theater. Fun working with ”
How did we not get cought last night?!
Pretty psyched to be planning my first oral history project, hopeful we can implement it permanently and capture great stories/memories.
RT #upstream2012 learning about the science of behaviors & habits, how self control works.big implications for education.
somewhere beyond the sea somewhere waiting for me
you have never seen the notebook?!
OMG that show is rockin' :p
Thanks for the follow Chef, it's an honor!
:Follow back!
what should beaver basketball fans expect next year? I feel like they grossly underachived this year..
Heh Did you join our tweet off about #UWeather today? Great fun talking about our fave subject in WI - the weather.
Works for me. When are you in Chicago next?
Today is the day to do ONE MORE REP! Dig deep and reach your goals!!!
Let's see what part of the crowd can scream the loudest. May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Haha I know the feeling. Living the dream, right?
- so does the Google+ "ghost town"
Awww, you are so sweet :{). Thanks for everything ♥ Much Love!
wasn't your dog a puppy!? Wtf went wrong??
working on the final touches of the new STITCH-EQ Black/White...this newest orig painting will be on display tonight!
Several cable companies are eying usage-based billing for internet service causing Netflix customers who stream movies to fear hefty increa…
Yea bro, we still at it.
I know...a show this weekend would be the perfect end of the semester party
I also like lots of books by Kristin Hannah (Jodi Picoult-ish) and Michael Connelly (mystery) as far as more commercial fiction.
It's Friday! Cash your check & come spend it on some gourmet Italian downtown just east of Campus Martius...Do it!
Will Oregon reflect the U.S. unemployment numbers? Local experts fill us in tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
omg I want some!
Today's Brain Floss: 94% of Americans say they brush nightly & 81% say they brush in the morning. Brush better!www.drdooleydental.com
Excellent lecture in #NewYorkCity this month. Intriguing at the very least, if not a tad 2 long. #DavidIcke = Hero or lunatic?
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London Businesses Capitalize on Rise in Visitor Web ...
We've had several events over the past two weeks - which was your favorite?
Building awesome marketing and branding campaigns for our clients! Grab the keys to our creative kingdom of endless possibilities! We're of…
$10 for $20 in subscriptions at MagazineMetropolisDeals! Includes #Oprah, #Vogue, #SportsIllustrated, #Maxim, #Fitness, and
prodigy..chicken. lmao
I'm gonna miss our fun golf "practices" 😁
Lets go to WERK! HAPPY FRIDAY! See you at SOBE!
thanks, Handsome!! I love you, too, Sweetheart!! Have a great day!!
Man, that hawk still out here boa...
Twitter is for Birds :p
Okay :) love you too
by first letter of author's last words
-Fix 'HERE' links on press release for women's report?
I wouldn't expect anything less from you!
In honor of our advance screenings tonight, The Avengers are now assembled on IHC, complete with the latest and last edition - Nick Fury 1/2
If you going to be over a hour late you should probably call in..
yes sir they are both BEAST !!!!
Ugh I dread school so much.
Credit to FOX and CNN broadcasting the shuttle flight over NYC as news while MSNBC babbles politics.
& if you uneducated f*cks didn't know ... FILIPINOS are of SPANISH Ancestry ("Asian, Spanish, Pacific Islander") Holla.
Haha! I think he would. That would be greatness!
Patron wanted a bring 'em back label put on a magazine back issue.
Thanks for the add, and the mention!
check out this performance at the ALLSTARS of CHICAGO SHOWCASE I also hots it as well.
That awkward ass moment when you go through the lunch line and ask the lunch ladies for big breasts on fried chicken day.
We need to make a world in which fewer children are born, and in which we take better care of them.
WOOHOO! Rockies! CARGO!
for Steven???! I made him a card! <3
tell me !
There is so much going on at Sol...keep watching here and our website for new classes for this spring!
I forgot what a bitch Walt's wife turned into in season 2 of "Breaking Bad."
Hallmark needs to make a recordable card that looks like a Howler from Harry Potter.
oh dear
The most difficult lessons are the most valuable. Such diamonds are hard, but priceless. Shine them.
good to meet you too! Can you send me info on metaSlug? Thanks!
Play Self Destruction please
Thank you so much! T minus 5 hours... #Rockies RT : great interview w/ Cargo! Can't wait for the season to start!
What's up with Republicans bashing on the French?
am an official Grandma ~ Addison Faith Donato made her entrance into the world at 12:01pm,7lbs 10 oz, 21inches. Happy Easter!
Full Time Levitating
#icanhonestlysay that i love every single one of the iconic boyz!<3
Boohoo i'm not a Lafayette girl #Cheeck !
Who wants an autograph?
Would you allow your agency to appear on #ThePitch #AMC?
If you force them, they wont learn. Great post by
Hope its not that horrifying..
I seriously love Storage Wars, and American Pickers and any show about junk.
Watching some NBA playoff basketball on this bubba kush
so I've heard. Do you guys still charge for dvds? We do. I didn't realize anyone still did that until I started here.
Just watched the movie My week with Marilyn and wasn't impressed
I would very much like a sad-faced doggie planter with thermometer hanging out of mouth that says "Get Well Soon".
If you love me so much, why are you walking away?
+ with all the rain, the grass is finally nice enough for bare toes. totally into it.
Should I be disturbed by how much I enjoy playing Abigail in "The Crucible"?
Liams a lucky guy :)
now that's american.
just got to Bennu... YOU GOT MY MONEY!?!
Cant wait to watch PLL!!! :)
BOBS are the poor mans TOMS.
thank you, darling :)
RT : Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It changes your mood. It relieves stress. And it helps you stay positive.
directing my new music video! Shoot this Sunday. Choreography by So excited!
You're skinny, your body is jusy saying "We Need More Food Dori"
thank you:)
it would be awesome if they were Guy Fawkes masks.
no way, not over josh selby RT : isaiah thomas deserved 2nd or 3rd in RoY voting. sorry, guys.
Oh yes, huge improvement.
Lots of ways to get rid of a headache. But yeah if you haven't slept by now, you should probably hit the hay :-P
Brian, the Bookshop Door exhibit closes January 22. Come by and see the door before it goes back into storage!
Why do toes, make you giggle inside when you look at them? Especially when you look at others. They seem to make a statement Hm
What's hot in #DCevents tonight? The #HHAwards, the year's biggest celebration of #DCtheatre. With special guest !
sold out
Anytime! See you Monday!
Aww last day of track practice. I'll miss my buddies 😌
Will share suggestion with CB tech team. BTW, 2010 gallery was live until May 2011. Came down when 2011 applications launched.
Ur really gunna try and take a shower at 130 am when I'm trying to go to sleep and my bed is right by the door
J Wright by Cowboys tomirrow
the way i smoke them blunt i burned em up like newports
When you have to be some where on time the one thing you can not trust is the
the guy is a jackass to me and le roy.
I'll compose long blog posts w/OpenOffice first bc I find the bibliographic coding more conducive to sustained thought. [-]
And then an award for the best tweet about the best article about the prize for the best literary prize...
oh neighbors with the karaoke machine, yes, those boots were made for walking. Thanks for the reminder.
Made plans with for SPAGTANIC, the day in which we go to spaghetti factory and titanic and then immediately hate ourselves.
We have Crackle nail polish!
... I don't pick up numbers I don't know. Leave a message, don't keep on calling. I apologize if it's a friend. Lol
"The world is going to throw us a million reasons why this isn't going to work out between us, but I know one reason why it will I love you"
#Socialmedia is super important for #business to integrate into their campaigns
loud and clear :)
Wow my brothers a piece of shit Cheap ass motherfucker
Can't wait to walk in the March for the Animals on Sunday! Its one of my favorite days of the year. My people take me every yr!
i think the ravens have it this year
algorithms could solve the problem you have, not the one you asked.
We are thinking about summer already! Any favorite vacation spots?
I'm rarely ever frustrated with but lately my Timeline isn't functioning right for some reason.
sometimes it's just plain awesome :)
Guys that have a cute laugh>>>
i have been talking to forever ahaha ...we might hang out tomorrow
um hi?
This probably the only time i get to tweet ever since my ipod broke :,(
In September, consider posting "National Library Card Sign-Up Month" to your library Events calendar - as an ongoing or recurring event!
Awesome ... can't wait! Man, I need a Bible with more margins!
I just wanna live.
I'm bored and browsing through apps?! Any suggestions!?
I some how missed that Eastbound and Down started again. Time to catch up.
#OnWisconsin RT : To all those wondering, yes, that was On, Wisconsin playing in the background of the pepsi max commerical
Meanwhile kids today say "What's a CD?"
im almost done memorizing the 2nd page!
Thanks for the mention! Just signed up for Argentinian Tango 2a class. I will figure out this dance yet!
Stop paying back corporate donors.
Impossible, at times. Normal people don't do these things we do.
See ya later peeps tweet ya later <3333333333333333333333333 love ya follow me I follow you back
Kentucky = good
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
TST getting some love! Always cool when a team cares for the fans. Go Rams!
I'll ask. It'd be a good From the Archives piece for the site. RT : You folks have anything on the show in the archives?
My mom just flicked me off. What?
Looked up from my phone just in time to be angry at the car in front of me for not immediately going when the light turned green.
we need another sleep over
Check! RT : Tonight has to be a vintage Paul Pierce playoff performance! He's the ultimate competitor, won't be easy but he can do it
I refuse to remove you from my UVC Twitter list.
When I was little me & erin used to run around the church during class
YOU ARE PERFECT ♥
How was everyone's weekends? Me, I got hammered and yacked in my bed.
ha i bet! So where did you go today? you weren't here for the rehearsal for the ceremony thing.
Bout to go see in 3 hours!!! CANT WAIT!!!
hah ! Chick wants me to Drive all the way to Riverdale just to eat Dinner... shoot what am i getting in return ?
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of dry gin :) HAPPY TEQUILA THURSDAY!
Congratulations to James Chew on your recognition on your 5 years of Service has a Blood Drive Chairperson for !!!
So it's really over for Ljuby? I'll never forget how ecstatic he was to win his one and only Masters tourney. Dream come true. Wish him well
Thank you
yeah ya do “: I go back to December all the time....”
So now Obama is calling the expiration of tax cuts “tax increases”. He may as well switch parties right now.
#sxsw #nowplaying. At Maggie Maes Rooftop. Chain Gamg of 1974. Talvin Singh crossed with Secret Machines, so far!
Thanks for the follow, Look forward to your services.
amazing meetings and look forward to working together! #Boston look forward to meeting you!
yeah when I saw your picture I thought you were at least 15:)
Ok who do I need to kill?
Haha Your Funny C:
Sushi for lunch My stomach is so Happy right now soo good! 😍
Apparently they already have. I've seen reports that Jennifer Hudson is already scheduled to do it.
i want u
Ditched tweetdeck a few months back for native twitter client because it was horribly broken. Reinstalled today and so far I'm happy.
Happy Birthday Aaron!!
Happy Birthday Chachi!
keep up the GOOD work my brother!!! and THX IA is staying busy and matching up peeps with cancer every hr!! :)
We had an elite eight run while I was there....2005 maybe? Besides that...heh... Err....
Then you should see the fallacy of unions--they are monopolies protected by the force of law
I wash my hair and its sheding like a old woman w/ 5young kids!
5 dollar foot long! lol I always get a Turkey. Although, have you tired their egg white breakfast sandwiches?
i'm running it on a mac and not having problems
“: Happy Birthday ” Kill emm with kindness.
whos in my mouth
Bud Selig throwing out first pitch. Even the COMMISH doesn't want AZ in the CS. Eat it!
Guy in the elevator leaving my apt with a styrofoam cup of coffee. Does he buy disposable cups, reuse or had he gone for coffee already?
How many #fruits and #veggies did you eat so far today?
Just witnessed a 70 year old bumping eminem, shine on you crazy diamond.
Good morning... Still no follow from yet *sigh*
Hey thanks so much for your music... Making life sweeter!!
lol, i'm considering it! the 213 is where i'm at! how's everything btw? :)
So excited to see present at #NewTech tonight! Love Karla!
i have about 530 tweets.
Back to back 40 mile weeks. I'll take it.
My pace gets noticably slower when I run past a house with a grill fired up
Agree, "Hm..." Co-1st authorship is a sham..... BUT, what if it's political & must be done?
Congrats to all of you! Welcome to the world, Jackson! Go Pack!
Thanks for the mention! RT Thanks for RTs, chats & faves
If you want it, I'm gonna be Va Va Voom Voom If you got it, you got it You got that boom boom (8)'
Heading out to CONLON's on ABBOTT rd in S Buffalo to hang with for another Qualifying Round of our NASCAR video game tourney!
If love isn’t a game, then why are there so many players ?
This hoe swa she gone kill my baby
- can we get a quick mention 4 Shoot To Cure event fri nite? DM ur e-mail addy. We'll send u the event release.
What's up? Are you planning to be in GA forever???
Of course!! =) Hope you have a great day!
I've always liked REM's irony. Shiny Happy People? Me In Honey? What's the Frequency, Kenneth? Bandwagon? Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite?
People around here were pissed about how Ben Affleck made the hood look. Meanwhile he had an open audition..
SCONES!!!! *booking flight*
♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(1)
When you start looking for a job only because your habit is costly....ur an addict.
e's voice recognition...
#RT if you miss Caroline & Tyler scenes
Still havent slept.
Lol! I guess I'm not light skinned then! Call me Olive tone!
that was a fun time though.. the second day at least lol.. and sounds like a good idea to me!
...and sorely tempted to black out the various websites I managed. Which, yes, I could have easily done.
i hate it whn teachers say "from all this talking, i assume your done working" SHUT UP,from all this complaining, i assume your still single
Pittsburgh firefighters are in the kitchen this morning, turning out some of their cookoff winning chili !
JuliusVEVO .... Youtube it!
“: Beer drinkers - Domestic, Craft, or Import?” depends who's buying
Great 2 be drinking beer in the 'Burgh. Great locals getting it done. All Saints, Lavery, Helltown, Full Pint, Voodoo & more
has been waking up, off and on, with foot cramps. This started at 1.30 am. I would pay dearly for a foot massage.
Me too, tho never really slept after 4. This will be a long day but a fun one.
RT : Progress always involves risks. U can't steal 2nd base & keep your foot on 1st -Wilcox
Hey Mama, I don't know if I sent that last email to everyone. I may not have hit reply all. Grr.
Ok, seriously Erik Spoelstra, put down the Derrick Rose voodoo doll.
We're number 84 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty
If you think regulation of anticapitalist market manipulation and restraint of trade is wrong, then you are anticapitalist
Great to have US Attorney of SD WV Booth Goodwin on Hate Crimes Panel at #fairnessWV11 conf with Charleston WV Pol. Chief Brent Webster
"Some kind of light dancing in the distance - Breaking through the night, path of least resistance." ::fran healy::anything::
Up for school already
ahh, Im sorry I never replied yesterday! ): I was at my friends house and wasn't online at all. sorry
To those men suffering in silence from childhood sexual abuse, let today be the day you talk with someone about it. You are not alone.
I got a members card. I feel like might have a warm feeling in his chest from this.
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king
did that just really happen
watching zoboomafoo with my brother right now ... this show is the shit!
yeeeaaint bout that life
Thank you Luv! = )
but why?
couldn't of said it any better myself girl.
Happy to be a part of the Non-Farm Payroll report this morning.
phew! I was hoping a little extra kindness would be the answer.
celebrity on so many levels!
There’s lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven’t the time to enjoy it. - Josh Billings
aww u butch ass nigga u gnna buy a bike ?
The hatred is so real and palpable that even writers from our cities are about to rumble! vs
Damn I'm hungry as fuck, ima cook something up
speaking of work, did you get me Ever After yet? Had to turn mine back into library without watching :-(
just cause yu put syrup on it dnt make it a pancake
Not switching cuz U.S. Cellular doesn’t have the I-phone? use Double Twist, sync I-tunes w/ a Android phone like the Samsung Galaxy S2
A burrito made by jimmy metrakos >>>>
check out fathead glass. Nicest stuff in Tucson. They also own a bar right next door.
Prom was very well ran and great! Great job and coach Arnold for there long week of hard work! Students did a awesome job!
Embrace the probability of your imminate death, and know in your heart that there's nothing I can do to save you -Haymitch
The BlingQueen herself! Love this womans style! ❤
I am sure their is no doubt I am not the one... (truth hurts huh ) all joking aside, it is good we can be civil..=)
Silly questions perhaps: Was Barrett scheduled to be there? Does sitting Mayor normally attend that?
how was your duran duran podcast!
I tell u something .. u run and tell someone else what does that make you ??
Happy Mama Day! I love being a mom! 
hell yea!!
Thanks so much :)
any idea when bb sked will be out?
If I was to kill #BinLaden by sending a bomb to his cave via Who would get the reward money, me or the delivery guy.?
ugh why couldn't my hair have stayed the same way since i got a haircut :(
Get money. Take action.
I moved on from caffeine to #guinness. It's working out pretty well! :)
Marketing your business (with social media) doesn't need to be difficult - go with what work best for your business,
Wtf what happen to my mos wanted crew and RNG! No no no
From what I'm hearing, liberals voted for Santorum, either as a goof or to slow Romney's nomination.
It most certainly does!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Do they use it full time? For dev-type stuff? No complaints?
How are you gonna meet him again?! and thnx
how tha fuck im gettin cheated on by a girl
Remember, all you need is YOU to believe. That & hard work, will make any dream a reality. DO IT!
Awesome! Clothing items are beautiful through an X-ray, via
Amen! The slogan "You get what you pay for" applies to biz owner...you get the type of client you accept.
Love your work, but in this draft I would hope Packers go for Iupati rather than reach for Sapp. Thompson usually goes BPA
good! My parents are in nazi mode. Basically not talking to me.
LOL dang don't move and forget IM.A.GENIUS.PLZ lolol
GREYS ANATOMY IS ON TONIGHT!!!!!!
Tough collapse by the mets in the bullpen and absolutely no second half offense in the thunder game.
are you watching the austream??
Reading a disturbing article in the N.Y. Times by Trip Gabriel published 11/9.
Welcome new fans. Thank you for liking my page.
"Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you." Don't pick and choose.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: When possible set up strategic partnerships. It can be critical to the success of any small business.
yes :D
And we can put awesome action figures on the cake! I want gambit nightcrawler thor and iron man. I hope you guys are taking notes. :3.
Head on out the door with your travel mug and get a free cup of Joe (or tea) from today for Earth Day!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Donnie Perkins ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Shreveport, LA ⁰Travel Team: Fair Park High School ⁰Shooting Guard 5’10
" Thank you Michael! Amazing meals and wine in Tuscany with incredible chef
S/O to a new follower and friend Fuck witcha boi iight
2 more weeks till finals! Means 2 weeks of hell. Then #summerbreak!
do u prefer East coast or West coast?
Today is the day!! Serve Madison!!!!!
You know what it is. And like every Friday I can't find my red lipstick.
Enjoying this summer day by the lake with &
Can't get enough of
Match Rule #4: Don't let your first sentence say, "I don't want to be cheated on." I don't feel like paying for your extra checked baggage.
So true! RT If you don’t take care of yourself, you won’t be able to take care of anyone else. -Joyce
Pulling a missions with
Lovely event! Enjoyed the speaker greatly...Congrats to all the winners and those recognized
How did you choose Steve as the hire car's name? (I call my car Porfirio because it's purple.)
my wife is Styrian. The 1st time I visited I was blown away by the concept of Jause, with Kren being the absolute peak of flavor.
Y is it so boring
Timeless: Older Mama Alert: You can still rock a mini with the right shoes. A cute miniskirt should be for the young at heart.
#csa12 Reddy: perversity as a limited temporality/zone of emergent practices that cannot conform to cultural forms organizing social sphere
Just wish id drown in my own tears.
is leaving today for Spring Retreat. Still remember the concert at our fall retreat 2011.
you got it, you got it, bad...
Absolutely a Patriotic Lunatic! Hope you're watching O'Reilly xtra sanctimonious 2nite! #TalkingPointsThinks!
Prussia tonight in Ann Arbor with Secret Twins, Long Whisker, & Bad Indians!
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less...
Stay tuned!!!!! Rainline Live dates coming soon.. We can't wait to play some new stuff for all of you.. It will blow you away......
THE PENIS ICE LUGE IS BACK AND READY TO BE SUCKED ON!!!!!
you already know!
time to skype now!(:
Ron Paul won Jackson County, so your input would've been superfluous, no?
Can't wait to Jersey turnpike with tonight.
Today I was being ignored by a couple people !
If was chief spokesmen for the republicans I think they'd have a chance this November... Great job w/
"I need to mentally taste everything, calm the f*€k down, stop pressuring me" - browsing Internet pizza delivery
If it's Monday, we're at Duff's garage tonight for Live The Sidecars will perform. See you at 7 on KGW Newschannel 8.
I love Chris Broussard he knows what he's talking about hell always have the heats back
man i miss getting greeted by everywhere
Screw it, I'm just going to say it: I love Facebook and I love and I think this deal is wonderful for both of them.
At bigs burger joint with my brother!
THANK YOU! ❤
My office phone has only rung once today. Weird.
I FINALLY FOUND YOUR TWITTER! <3333
It's hard to create humor because of the unfair competition from the real world. -Peter's Almanac
If anyone is driving, don't go on 40th or 117th...traffic is backed up like a mf'er..
Testing my twitter feed. We will see if it works.
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
Coach Huber talks with Amobi Okoye on FOX Sports 1620am tomorrow at 7:30am about upcoming mission trip to Nigeria.
Tough editors! RT : Newspaper created sons & daughters at #JAWisconsin #Biz#Town. I was interviewed. Didn't make the cut.
U have to Remeber the people in life that make you soo important and dont forget to appricate them cause once their gone u want no REGRETS
All these Mother's Day commercials with cute babies break my heart, omg. 👶
I can't wait to start giving a shit.
i support my people though and I like personal invites dammit
yup lol last I heard u were out of town, thanks...u had a boy too?
RT : Highly recommend that you all follow - innovative, creative, and has the pulse of Newark. <- Thx!
oh ok!! Haha.but there's like rapist & stuff on that show. Does she know what that is?!
haha be careful what you wish for...!! when do classes resume?
My Duetsche ist nicht so gut Janina but I wanted to say Danke Schon for you following me! Have a lovely day! :-)
Really, you can never complain about new sounds by Carrie Underwood.
My son got a letter from municipal court. I assumed he got a ticket, but it was a jury duty summons - whew!
He who is pregnant with evil and conceives trouble gives birth to disillusionment. Psalm 7:14
who needs those friends anyways i got plenty more >_> D; lol
Looking for great tshirt manufacturers with heavy weight broken in fabric!
I already told my mother I wanted to! Besides after tomorrow, this year is shit!
looking forward to following your tweets and learning from you
yes really
