that is awesome! Definitely frame-worthy!
ha! not really, I just ask for help when I go shop for clothes. Most of the salespeople are willing to help you buy stuff!
“: Q2) Use PLN , search tools, #lrnchat contacts to identify new tools and practices. #lrnchat” ditto
Anyone have recommendations for a good hosting service? Bad service is forcing me to move.
Like Sports?
Santa Monica Place 2010 edition...aka my new best friend...THANK YOU gorgeous!!!! ;)
Will players lose a year in their contracts this season or do they freeze& pickup in 2012 where they would have been this year
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you don't want
Ew. Please. You are not a Southerner. I think you need to come up north for a visit asap.
"high as hell, what chu got Abigail ?"
Does anyone know of a way to export contact info (specifically e-mails) of your facebook friends?
Everyone at the office has pitched in a bit of money to get MLBTV. Greatest company ever.
Join us for our all new saturday night with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials !
In my mailbox: An Advance Reader's edition of "The Homecoming of Samuel Lake" by Jenny Wingfield. Thanks & !
We were asked to switch out the graphic...leave it as a surprise for Sunday after a second thought...the article is still great!
Damn MCA from the Beastie Boys is dead
Even if it’s with a small gesture, remember your wedding anniversary!
You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst, so when this shit ends, know it's gone hurt.
this is going to be out of control... some boys may watch this
I'm a tweet something guys
Looking like the end is near. Rough series boys, but great season. Heres to next year!
I mean, if someone wanted to come over with a pack of cigarettes & a red bull and wanted to play Mario with me, I'd be okay with that.
In this specific situation, your argument revolves around the fact that I chose to express myself sexually.
Attempt at dying my hair. Didn't work😒
Fun gig tonight with Hamilton Price and Clayton Cameron.
#50thingsilove #3: My bearded dragon, Silas Hogarth. He's my baby and I absolutely love him!!!
Shouts to all the solid followers!
Wishing you and your family a very merry #Christmas!
No one says "GET OVER YOURSELF" as well as
at 10pm EST, announces the lineup for the 2012 festival. psyched.
It's like I been waiting for something to make me snap everyday
i love my new laptop daddy finally came through <3
I constantly tell myself "I'm done", but then always find myself trying again....
Barley watching the Manchester City game
": I just want a damn huge ass sugar cookie and a slap across my face with Justin's mile long." justins small tho
ad me on skype - caroline hinnant
RT : I miss texting She was one of my #iphone addictions.
So sleepy today
Remember Ty Burrell's speech? That was great.
i dont get why girls expect so much from their boyfriends ... theyre only human .
In McCarthy we trust.
u get my text, i think i got the right number big spike
let it get real.
HA! ALL of our events are weird.
totally just whacked myself in the head with my car door.
Great #UWEBC Internet Merchandising SIG last night; team structures and processes shared show this as an area in growth mode and transition.
in gdoc chat
Hahaha yes. Okay,i'll comment on it after i read it okay?
I hate when people follow, you follow back then they unfollow. I know why they do it but I think it's rude! Just sayin.
I should ask then, will it make me a better illustrator? :) thx!
Seeing you makes me wanna smack you.
As the great Rodney King would say "can't we all just get along"!!!!
RT 140 characters is far too few for the praise that should be heaped upon Snap Judgment: LIVE! This is great radio, folks!
fucking LOVING #21JumpStreet !!! Laughing my ASS off the whole time!! 😂😂😂
“: I like Kevin Durant emotionally, physically, mentally & sexually..syke 😳” he never gets his shit edge up even with all that
Men with good intentions make promises....men with good character *KEEP* them. Where the real men at?!? I 👏 you 😉
move Bravo to midfield and start CJ, Kei, and Teal up top.
Clinton Reno!
Broncos defense was 20th in NFL last year (I think 24th in takeaways). I deal in facts, you deal in opinion. Who is ignorant?!
Kony2012? No Russell2012...kony 2012 filmmaker arrested for masturbating in public and vandalism is san diego
thanks for following me!
saving the #booze for tomorrow.
Worst night of my life...
L&G pulls MPPI product and offers short-term IP instead Insurer makes move as MPPI point-of-sale ban comes into force
So many people love me, somebodys gotta the me- Boosie
Yo people dont forget to follow . And check out their official site. You wont regret it!
Growth exponential of social, publishing, broadcast platforms is at the highest velocity ever.
Awesome D-Lounge! Yay New York Theatre Barn!
why are u so hot
yes it does hahahahahah
awe, thanks, Matt! Yes, I did apply so we'll see...
This little boy tried holla'n at me out the school bus...
Finally, a audition for a make-up commercial on Monday!! :)
#youknowwhatsannoying when you hear an amazing song but you forget the name of it 5 mins later.
s/ to my overdue fam
RT #EU Council (prov) conclusions on #digitisation and online accessibility of #cultural material and
They specialize in upholding the highest industry and safety standards
Yandy lost her job cause she's unprofess, disrespectful, talkin ur business, dancin, not doin her job, get $!!
Most of my weekend...well all of it was spend on the internet completely and related ;) <3
Defense has been a joke...It's too bad
Thank you! We'll put pictures up soon too.
Tweet me tweeters!
90% off? that's practically free. my justification for buying 70 #peeps on clearance
better yet - gingerbread pancakes with bananas! Yum!
Well, it's definitely for adult audiences. The comic is pretty grueseome.
Cho Weak Ass.!
come on guys, quit arguing, both always make it to the dance. Let's hope the Beavs make it soon.
Q: Horizontal or vertical stripes? It seems horizontal stripes are hot right now!
Following for #londonriots updates.
When a girl texts u first >>>>
aw,you look so young,and that looks so Painful
If u mi$$ my radio $tation interview hit 94.1 it will be up untill may 5 hit they website
Sometimes it feels like the floor is the only that's there for me when i fall.
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world. ~ Nelson Mandela
Ugh literally in so much #pain this is awful 😰😰
If your mobile site looks like an App, it’s a hit. If your App looks like a website, it’s a miss.
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3
ok facebook killing me with the adss what up twitter...IM BACK!!!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
if you were a dolphin, you'd sleep in the guest bedroom. Not my couch. Don't expect fish thrown in your mouth tho
The #Aztecs are getting hot and open up a 9 point lead, 41-32
Vote for Born Again candidates, bring back moral values to America. BA cannot support abortion, gay marriage or legalized marijuana.
Leather Feather album is done.
While you gave her flowers, you gave me thorns while she smiled I mourned while she was happy I was blue bc while you loved her I loved you
I am officially 23 years old, as of 7:25 am this morning =]
Discounted Integrative Health Care - The Integrative Health Programs at VAST Wellness Center consist of a group of complementary and...
i love when my dad tells me his war stories , they are so interesting. my goodness he's such a badass :-)
Yeah they had to, my cursor was going rogue like there was a ghost in my computer!
Wishing it was spring right now...and on a very cool rollercoaster...that would be sweet
Sunndy Sunday morning in Chicago. Day of catch up in work, workout and organizing.
"If the silence takes you then I hope it takes me too..."
They decided to try listening to each other instead of justifying their beliefs and positions and making assumptions up about the other
RT "Time for chem lab.......#fuckchemistry" ... did you take the Gehrkinator? If so you'd be set.
I know there has been a lot of bad news in the national media about the current state of the U.S. economy, but if you can buy homes at 50% …
Came home to find 2 residuals checks in the mail! I love mailbox money!! Love being a #workingactor!
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food Bank...
woah woah. It sounds so good, I love itt!. Take this tweet seriously.
diggin' the stickers, Max! Where did you get them done?
Chili hamburgers with sweet potato fries were amazing tonight! LOVE YOUR MOMMAS!
Here it is almost the end of January and I still don't have the heat on. Wondered why I was cold last night, woke up and see snow.
I hate when my friends change just because they meet new people.
Jeevo at UCLA tomorrow - 12 noon! - right in the center of campus - see you there! - GO BRUINS!
No punchline. Taken more by surprise. Hopefully they won't ruin it as bad as they ruined the longest yard.
This is why I couldn't start anything with you, you aren't over him and its okay, just not playing that game.
Where is the love?
Google Rubber-hose cryptography.
#KCChiefs schedule to be released tonight at 7PM. Come to an agreement guys, can't live without football. ~
That was the first time an NFL player was happy to see Roger Goodell in the last 364 days
According to my closet, I'm wearing the same black shirt too often. Time to shop? ... I think yes!
NPR why would they give it to a station that makes up it's news
If I could, I'd spam #FF with all 800+ of you, because you all rock. Today and everyday.
BREAKING: Dwight Howard not prepared for anything past this season...he obviously was not a Boy Scout.
Putting the final details on next weekends blast - LOOK OUT Texas! We're coming your way and bring the incredibly talented Fos with us!
If there was a 'broken bat on pitches thrown' stat, I'm sure Mo would be the career leader by at least 200
giving howard stern a run for his master of all media crown....
What's everyone doing for NYE
haha, true. I'll give you that.
Hello Soho!
Some ppl don't have fucking table manners CLOSE UR FUCKING MOUTH WHEN U EAT!!! *smack smack smack* is all I hear and I can't eat! When u do.
It's really been 15 years since the Titanic movie? Losing track of that much time scares me. I guess those older than me would say, "Ge...
we should have even more fun this year!!
#wmnldrs Audience votes that vision is the most important quality of an accomplished leader
Yo dawg, I heard you wanted a new iPad, so we named the new iPad the new iPad so you can buy the new iPad when you buy the new iPad
Bewaring the Ides...
What drink of day will b dancing round Maypole?
Traveling this holiday? Use your # Go Local Chicago card w/ & download the free iPhone app!
Tournament of Champions is going on at the Field House right now!
Hey that's all that matters!
You know you shitty when you keep saying "it's just game one"...maybe but y'all still getting that ass whooped
tell your friends that ;) by: Haroutiun Tokatlyan
RT : San Diego first. ATL, Saturday RT : have you touched down for your anticipated Atlanta arrival
so I'm just catching up via FB... but what's the move for... new gig?
Taxonomic currency is treatments-- descriptions @ species level or higher. understands this!
Ain't no one tweeting bout shit right now. Including me.
Jealous. Say hi to Jennifer & Chris. “: #TasteCamp 2012 - Next Stop for dinner! #VAwine”
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great evening!
Baby I'm howlin' for you
“Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.”
S/O to my team and all members
OMG THAT VIDDY WAS SICK! NOW I REALLY CANT WAIT FOR SUNDAY!
I sent you a number:(
Ah, I see. Well I'm not saying you SHOULD throw them into the water of the Jurassic Park ride but...
Decisions decide your favior.
Facebook bought Instagram for a billion $ yesterday? Great- now I have to boycott my last favorite SM addiction...
We hope everyone had a fabulous weekend. Now let's talk business: we are opening for lunch at 11:00am until 2:00pm. Happy Tuesday!
also got a triple double :)
Happy Mother's Day to a special lady to me: Mrs. Luckett!
Also, re: the dissertation, my sewing machine is back up & running. So far I've made 2 skirts. I'll have so many clothes when this is over.
we appreciate your vote!!! continue to spread the word!
just burned my #projectx wardrobe. never again will i wear the same thing for that long in a row again. best party ever been to ;) GO SEE!!!
No problem. I was drawn to your picture. Ahaha(; I love Joshh<3
Great meeting you. We look forward to seeing the red, white and blue ensem you rock for the Birthday Bash/anniversary party.
'Cuse on the ropes
God is just plain old good!
OKC taking the championship this year..
shit you boys are having the time of your life
RT : The average woman smiles about 62 times a day! A man? Only 8! Kids laugh around 400 times a day. Grown-ups just 15:-(
2 year olds birthday party!!! Aaagh! Too much to handle...must...escape...
Happy Mothers day! :)
thats how my throat feels. lol
I was DD last night and got stopped at a police checkpoint. Definitely a scary experience even if sober.
That was not an okay dream to have...
Yawn. I know this crap
thanks for the follow. Good luck & good for you. Lots of people want a chef for
i have no reason to smile..
Its freezing in Omaha. I can hardly breathe!
Nice to be back led a very moving hour of worship. And we haven't even had message yet!
Rory Mcilroy sounds like Roy McAvoy. Now he kind of looks like him, too.
music doesn't belong to anyone and please don't put a name on mine - or !@#$%^ if you'd like.
kinda sick couldn't go to school so feel like just laying down.
yeah we should go get some food
If miracles actually happened, guys would all have huge penis', girls would all have huge tits, & homework wouldn't exist .
"ah I burnt my hand.....at night" hahaha one of the greatest spongebob episodes! 
I really like take charge Indy with borel, but I'll probably go with dullhan. CCD native, jockey three time derby winner.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched? Because I'm watching you. Just kidding, but you should like us on facebook though.
The cool thing was getting a real $25 gift card for losing! I'll put it towards an X-box game or accessory.
when are we expo hall wandering?
#MP for Bringing us together RT:
Since when has there been a "delete to trash" option on Google Sync for iPhone!?! Way late to the game on this & way over-excited about it!
I want one! How do I get it?
dude that is so awesome!
Yes a QLC may stand as an "excuse" BUT if u haven't "figured it all out yet" u must seek clarity & map out ur own authentic joy! :)
If I was Laker Fan I Would Just Go To Sleep I wouldn't Get On No Social Sites Lol!
This blunts for you Bob........ Saget
Can't wait to read your review! I visited two G/L history classes yesterday, & recommended your essay!
I am so excited to have found you & will be spreading the word. What a great resource & networking tool. TY!
I love your voice.
Just bought poster boards to make signs for and da rest of the
Need great, client facing reps for multiple dates starting 9/1 in MPLS area, please email ASAP with info, pic, etc. THX!
Good morning tweet-world. So begins a very very busy week. #let'sgetthisstarted
yall songs are the BEST! ILOVE YOU GUYS (:
and you judged me for the boner
Change? Try Express Lube. We have 23 Convenient Locations. Be blessed!
I remember what we did to Tim Hudson at Fenway in a REAL game in 09 RT i love love love red sox losses.
Students who stand with Walker are begging for their tuition to go up and the quality of their schools to go down. Its not working with us
How many #toddlersandtiaras turn into #16andpregnant or cum dumpsters
The Central YMCA opened specially on T-giving Day for families in the battered-women shelter. I love when people take care of each other.
Put on your bowling shoes and check us out at fireside bowl! Lots of awesome music! Bad bad meow plays at 9:30
Stop beepin at meh! I got #
When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake :D
Just got a robo-poll for the Republican primary...tonight I am a 20 year old woman who is voting for Newt Gingrich.
Read the Steve Jobs Biography With Us [OPEN THREAD]
Taking Betsy to the car wash today. I have a feeling I'm going to be so protective and OCD over this new car.
So i got this new hair cutt for this photoshoot and to try something new....at 1st i didnt but everybody fucking wit so im flexin lol
Delayed reaction, I know, but am I the only one who thinks Google+'s new look is hideous?
T-plush "pickled" out
aww! I'm so happy to be an inspiration! following already! :)
Sick app. Best of luck to you!
Very good! Excellent service, food was wonderful. Dining rm noisy, w/wooden floors/high ceiling. Might try bar area next time.
I love my little way more!
RT : Marriott Hotels FAIL!
Oh, I'm all over it. "Ain't No More Cane" is my jam.
COME TO NY ALREADY! DAMN!
My favorite seal! RT : Checking out Shelby.tv after they won best start-up at #tnw2012. It gets Stefan's Seal of Awesomeness.
It's easier when you meet with a tutor and have the books. I can get you names of books that would be helpful.
38 more days until spring!
so damn cute <3 c:
awesome hun... Congrats... So what u going to do now?
I love Watching law and order. I love the mystery of it
what's Good man. Just checking in with you. Still wanting to get on with Verse and make some hot records.
Ah, thanks man, good catch.
in fairness there is no scientific reason why cousins can't marry. Evolution-wise, it's how our species was born.
They carry big things if you know what i mean.
no doubt man. 2 of the best dudes I have had the pleasure of knowing
Yep. Said "I'm just trying to learn and get better." RT Caleb's a good guy Big D, right? Humble like so many on O-Line.
#failedpickuplines Girl, I hope you're on the Atkin's diet because I want to feed you some meat.
Moose burgers last night. Janis thought they were ground beef patties. really good.
I think it was a willpower test which I failed miserably. :)
yogaworks larchmont. P.S. I live for the Taylors. I need to find me an inspirational coach to marry and a public school to run.
"You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself."
nice W 18. Thanks,
I have a piano recital on Sunday and I'm not even near ready.
That was fun! Looking forward to more games (where I actually win). ;) RT Thanks for being my pingpong training partner.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever (; x
Hearing rumors that there may be some swag at the #DCDrinkUp Yuri's Night on April 5th at Rocket Bar!
Good feedback!
Haha, I would if I knew anything about that!
Papa: "did u send thankyou notes out yet?" Ma:"Shes a PR person D... let her handle it" ..... iunno if she was bein sarcastic or serious.
follow me because I think you're cool! ;)
Checking out new Caribbean Garden exhibit at New York Botanical Garden. Yes, it's sleeting and I'm looking at orchids. Jealous?
1 of my favorite morning rituals is to bathe my contacts in sunscreen and then jam them into my eyeballs... what a hoot!
I KNOW IM HORRIBLE WITH KIT BUT I LOVE YOU GUYS
goodnight! Sweet dreams god bless! Have a great week at school <3
such a good show!
Good morning
Kudos to NYS DOT crews sweeping clean I-490. Eastbound from westside is spotless. Makes you feel good driving into the city.
I'm both thoroughly overwhelmed and totally excited about San Antonio.
Are you basing this off instagram photos of me?
That's a Blackboard competitor, right? How does it compare?
I do have an iPhone. What app? Thanks for replying!
Davionne could be talking about someone else's mother, maybe of a boy he can't play with. He never says "my mother."
good morning #Cleveland!! Are you enjoying this snow?
been too long, love.
Could it be all the sunshine we have been having lately?!
Digging rebelution's latest album
I have had an hour to write this paper and all that is on it it... My name>>>
Thats my kid sister! RT That's my big brother
I know, what's up with #nolovedurian just wants all the hugs for himself.
haha I agree. Espn/abc music sucks. TNT isn't bad though.
O, mighty river! I cross you into Iowa. I love Iowa.
Little Bee is GREAT. RT I loved J. Courtney Sullivan's Maine and Chris Cleave's Little Bee.
A little Billy Ocean on the radio waves! Total 80's flashback! Bc when the goin' gets tough...!!
Good. Thought I was missing the party :)
Happy bloggerversary to If you haven't yet, follow him. If you don't, you will be forced to endure Battlefield Earth on repeat.
HAAHAH he's a porn star u didn't know? Look at him gettin all freaky with these penguins 🐧
I Don't Run Richmond I Run Through This Shit
James Farrior shouldn't pickup the phone if his agent calls..
Join Kevin H. at Pub in Bay View from 8pm. $2.50 domestic cans all night!
well done !!! Remember to celebrate the milestones. You've earned it :)
Hi Naomi! Thank you so much! Yes, praise God we made it out alive!
thank you sir. Glad you liked it.
Randy Levine exemplifies what I LOATHE about the Yankees.
I thought my grandpa booked a job on the day of the concert here and I called him nearly crying.. :L lolol but I'm going(:
I Just picked up a few hundred Gatorade's and hundreds of bottle water. I got them sitting on ice right now for the BIG GAME Tonight!
meeting at front entrance/lobby at 6:30 to go to Peruvian restaurant a couple blocks away. Anyone welcome to join us!
I do but that will mess up my diet & I just started 😭
Hundreds remember 18yo Courtney O'Bryan from Huntington who died Friday on a fundraising trip to Buffalo, NY. She was a student at PSU.
Lets go Optic!!! You can do it.... ALL NIGHT LONG!! xD
Happy new years
holy shit! Death Proof is on now!!! XDD
what r u wearing for the communion?
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're #TeamFollowBack Follow and will follow you back INSTANTLY!
as does espn gameday with Dan's cutout in the background. Dan is ESPN money maker.
you r so pretty....
yes. lol. it went from a hands photo challenge to HANds & HANDSome ..feel like a teenage girl for that one
Apple, I love your products so very much, but #4S doesn't impress me enough, I'm just going to hold out for
life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it .
Copy. Paste. Repeat.
I don't know if you meant it to be , but the #CirocSalsa was HILarious. That got my vote.
Show starts at 7:30, so I would plan on that! Doors at 6:30!
Stand the hell back - time to paint. This will get messy.
yey i finnaly got my twitter
Just saw somebody taking a picture using her iPad. Yes it's a stupid looking as it sounds...
can't wait. loads of fun!
Rusty is a water dog that HATES the water. Yup, he's a crazy pup.
Thank you for the follow,you broke the dark number that I had~! #IOweYouAGlitteryBall~!
Half way drunk :)
I wouldn't be unhappy if he joined the Avengers in the next movie, though.
My childhood friends were selected based on what kind of snacks they had at their house.
It will end when someone else says, not me now.
okay you got noise tonight...lol
#oah2012 maybe instead of vanity spots for "commentators", the last 10 min of sessions could be reserved for questions
Yes, all four teams were incredible this year and we hope you are able to make it out to see the 10 talented teams competing!
were u from
Why must #heatplayoffs & NBC Thursday sweeps be on at the same time?
Im the only person up
We are going to show you the connections within Universal Mind through your questions! Live at Miparacon.
Take advantage of those #PostRace massages! Then take an ice bath at home and yup, you guessed it, stretch!
What's your #leadership style? Inspirational leaders share excitement & enthusiasm for their organizations' vision to unite and align others
what's wrong
beautiful morning out here in SF!
My all time favorite movie RT : Freddy Got Fingered on a long ass drive back to Tally.
Having a heart and being afraid to love someone, is like having wings and being afraid of heights. Take a chance in life.
#Smiles is that right
Yay I go one direction !!!
Can't wait for Bulls game tomorrow.
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate -- An Ultra-luxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior - MarketWatch (press release)
Here with in chicago ohare airport. Cheers!
hahahah i know!! -.-
President George W. Bush's call to action regarding immigration reform was not just a response to recent population shifts
why does string cheese only taste good when you peel it?
It's a BIG difference than you Fat Hoe.... only yo fingers can fit a size 14!!!
guys don't care about that though >.<
If the school board wants us to be alert and focused at school, they shouldn't have it so early.
Happy mothers Day to all the Dads that earned the right to hold that title
"my religious beliefs,I believe in one God.I don’t believe in religion." --Jay-z..he's an idiot,read this quote carefully lol
I need some sombreros, a 16oz bottle of hot sauce and 3 watermelons...or avocados...whatever is easiest.
thanks!! Don't know what I'm doin! What happened to rits?
Karen is a dumb bitch! The writers just LOVE Katherine and want her to shine and wants everyone to love her. I HATE HER!!
No need for a blazer?
Hi Butch, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Yep. It's less than ideal, but you're right.
'Horrible Spouses... You can't live with them, you can't live without them'. RT: What should the sequel to 'Horrible...
but how to complete the trilogy?
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.”
Beautiful day even with the slight chill in the air. Wonder if Vine is wearing her long underwear?
Sending my love from America! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;)
Congrats buddy! How fun! : Guess who's going to the Critics' Choice Movie Awards tomorrow night?! This guy! (Major HT to )
great job!
Thanks for the follow and RT !
“: RT : *blushing* available for .edu email users Newish feature: press 4 to record/ dl/email"ned2try
I just got a press release from the Library of Congress about a music event (they are honoring Burt Bacharach). That's pretty cool.
what was it?
I wanna go downtown and adventure :D
yes! In Niles dude.
Good luck and Mohegan Sun has non-smoking tables
Thank you! RT : Congrats on the Best of CES. I look forward to seeing the service when it comes online.
Omg my signal is back!
Thanks for the birthday card, Would it have killed you to throw some drink tickets in there?!
I'm happy to introduce you to them. Just e-mail me at jack at metajack.im.
Seeing Rock back after 9 years out is like......seeing Hogan back after 9 years out.
Thanks Kevin. I guess I'm buying a book now :)
80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80.
I'm blaming Twitter for my future stomach ache from overeating. #myfavoritefood Unfortunately, I can't get my favorites, Chunky's calling me
I had a neighbor who wouldn't date until his child was in high school, like 10th grade. Don't know how he managed.
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
I was not implying that you had not. I simply think he can play a little. He passed my eye test. That is all
yeah, even Im here, expected a few more on a wed in NY.
Bulgarian weightlifter jailed for drug smuggling
Aaron I'm So glad u won the Superbowl. U deserve it. U should be the MVP of the leave. Fantastic season!
First time since February that I've actually stayed in english for a full period
The take on the Indianapolis Indians tonight at Huntington Park, 6:35p! Get $5 tix if you mention social media.
yummy, love their breakfast, enjoy xxo
I gots ta write me a character like Jayne, he made such a fun guy -not bad, but not entirely good either. Need a story 1st tho
El Toro in Lex is the real deal Mex Rest unless y'all know something I don't elsewhere-BH
Bom sounds like she's saying "Boy I don't care, with my hot hair" LOL!
Get TAN for the SUPERBOWL*Specials* From 9a-noon ALL BOTTLES of LOTION 45% off! Buy a 10 Pack of UV or Instant Tans and get 5 FREE! AND MORE
“: Get to deliver a truck full of toys to Seattle Children's hospital today :)” sorry I am missing this go
Congratulations, Quinn!
Fabulous! If you follow me I will DM you my email and some info. Let's chat!
Yo, I'm seriously thinking of moving to LA from Vegas in the next few months. How was the move for you?
VNSO remains closed as of 5/17. The pump had to be shipped to the repair facility. At this point we don't have an anticipated reopen date.
Had a great time at the Eclipse Midnight premiere! Enjoyed the fight scenes and the back stories.
how are ya doin? :)
Oh thank goodness, I now have my face planted in front of the stream. That was near freak out lol
Dolphins over there juggin. Fuck y'all man.
when will we get to know the casting?? eek so excited
Oh, I don't wanna lose you too :)
Negative -- we all registered as individuals.
Where have you been, love? <3 <3
What does being a mother mean to you?
haha yes I do, you told me yourself
some of your tweets crack me up!!
Going to bed *^^* Jaimie's graduation party is tomorrow:) Good night TL<3
lmaooooo ok now ill give you the matching pimple one but tu no sale only your mouth and sesi dimple
Job Opening: Senior Recruiter to manage recruiting activities including partnering with hiring managers on strategy and candidate selection
Girl in bar drunkenly telling life story of being a comms major, then PR person, how being talkative makes hubby feel bad. Shut up.
Does anyone have experience with #UnitedHealthcare #infertility coverage? I am trying to get a copy of the #rider and #BuyUp option.
": “Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.” Oprah Winfrey"
pulled a muscle in my arm and now it's all tingly ):
Bob Britt says "Worse crap I've ever seen"...
If clients keep threatening to "get a college kid to do it", you either are not imparting your expertise or #PR needs some PR.
The beauty of Alien is how perfectly composed it is, from the opening credits onward. Set design, camera movement, music all fit together.
WTF is wrong with these Packer receivers?!!!
: You're a funny guy, Logan!
Ok, Schoolfeed, gotten a lot of requests lately, seems like a social network aimed at being a virtual yearbook, where'd this come from?
Why can't I reproduce a problem a client has with a #Joomla google map module? Works fine for me on all browsers, cookie settings, etc. sigh
all i did was try to help you and make things better, and what do i get?...a broken heart.
then do it
The director of #Kony2012 just mentioned you - did you go to #USC together? Fight On!
Late night, headed back to cincy. Listening to the Pat Metheny Group album "Speaking Of Now"
Turnbull wants the person who deals with off-campus behavior is a "very senior" member of the administration
I've decided im going to use twitter more. #1. Fantasy football: excellent for my football knowledge...bad for whatever coolness I have left
Just found a girl who loves shows as much as I do. SO excited for school!
I hate the term "social inclusion." Cant think of any inclusive environment in which kids can only learn social skills.
Busy day of scoping, drafting, reviewing, and delivering projects. My clients have been so active lately - I love it!
Final day of dew tour :/
can't wait
Hi, love London - chat,chat /US
There Is NOTHING That Compares To Seeing NYC From The Air! 6 East River Piers 212.9676464
Anyone read about the "nodding disease" in Uganda? Crazy sad.
The website is now live. Get your free Ebook, Marketing 2011 for the Health Care Professional www.TheOTHERMedicalEducation.com
Farmers Markets are spring up: Organic items at farmers markets can be nearly 40 percent cheaper than items at neighboring supermarkets.
“ girl you crazy! We missed you tonight at the homestead. #SKCnation sad day tho :-(
well its working well anyway get happy before i get angry cause your sad :D pweety pweese :D
u welcome....
At up for trivia night! Dream team:
Probably won't be very chatty night. Dealing with a sick dog. :(
The TAASK played Sweetwater 420 and Decatur Earth Day Festival this weekend. Thanks to all our fans that came out to show us some love!
excited to see again! Getting ready to go see them perform Jimmy Kimmel tonight!
Happy 329th Birthday to Philadelphia! On October 27, 1682, William Penn founded the City of Philadelphia. Join us for a tour to learn more!
my primo leo is home! great minds develop great things.. just gotta bring them together..
Thanks for the RT
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.
Want a chance to win 2 VIP tickets to Euphoria Music Festival? Follow them Use #euphoria in a tweet. Winner announced 2day
It may be a big word for 5 a.m., but I bet it still made you laugh a little bit. :) Thanks for flying MKE!
Cuz we are living in a material squirrel and I am a material squirrel
thanks Mark, I'm considerably younger and lighter skinned now but it's nice to hear from a fan ;)
Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but I don't know if they're right." "I don't care."”
It would be awesome if we could get the political party focused on unfunded wars and upper income bracket tax cuts back in power.
Thanks for the follow and for subscribing to the blog. Following you back!
beautiful boy. 4?
plz follow me :)
Why the heck is Phineas & Ferb always trending??? I don't get. Spongebob is way better...
Hey pretty lady, Album coming in the fall and coming to the D in the summer July/Aug... We def have to meet:)
excuse me who are u
For some reason I think that's because fan pages with timeline on mobile haven't gone over yet...
Mental health expert says Loughner is dangerous and needs meds. Predicts judge will approve forceful use of anti-psychotics
Today is not my day...
What an awesome performance today at the Statehouse! Thx for following BAA and promoting youth art!
Sweet dreams, tweethearts<3 I know I will!;)
See every problem as an opportunity to exercise creative energy- Stephen R. Covey
It was funded in 4 days! That goes to show that the demand and interest is out there!
Had a long discussion 2 weeks ago if Corn was a vegetable, fruit, grain, or grass. Take that Tomato!
Our patent pending Vine-to-Capsule technology preserves the grape polyphenols, ensuring quality.
BBQ and pre game party at my house
Because I have a terrible memory (and haven't seen the new movie), I didn't even know who he was!
Will you be fired tonight if your show drops below 6? Or will the SRC wait until the end of this awful series?
just wanted to say that I am absolutely loving your Wal-Mart hate today.
I do all the driving, you do all the drinking challenges.
Holy Shit Now alejandro, joe Ely , low anthem join for Woody tribute with audience This land was made indeed
It's crazy to think that could be reading this right now . <3
I envy your dreams! Mine last night was about True Blood.
Dexter Season 3 to ring in the New Year
Eating m&m's in bed. <3.
listenin to damn 10 yrs since god took his angel #ONEINAMILLION god bless true legends never die
Classic breakfast in , wa yummy
I know...watched Cuba city this afternoon n memorial tonite...good games. R u heading to Madison this week?
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger!
If #chocolate could sing, it would sound like
U ONLY HAVE 1 HEART, WATCH WHO U GIVE IT 2, BEC IN THE WRONG HANDS CAN BE DEADLY,
It's like they run in, throw rocks, break the glass, and then make YOU feel bad that the glass got broke in the first place. Instigators.
it's creepy how eerily perfect 's tweets suit my mood.
#tie2011, so much learning going on in the google sites class, reworking some of my own websites
I do appreciate non-conventional cover versions of songs. There's at least one good one per episode.
Wine Words of Wisdom: "If a life of wine, women and song becomes too much, give up the singing." ~ Anonymous
Curious about the debauchery that was a part of while in at Disney World? Listen to Episode 57 this weekend!
3 years today, i love you.. :)
Are there any #MBA admissions or #GMAT questions we can answer?
my whole body is burnt..
Just saw It was Sold out in IMAX 3D in PGH, A-freaking-MAZING, Going to see it again Sunday
It's gonna be out of control! The video guy will be filming sun
Yay!!! Great news
RT Bajwa_21: How u gonna have a fridge with no drinks?
Thanks for rec. I will have to try it out.
Had a blast last night. Finally made some new friends. :)
Oh ok cool cool im coming
that is a different word for you
so what happens to Osama Bin Laden's Facebook account?
playing , come and check it out, in the lounge!
I only say what everyone else is thinking. ^_^
We just updated our rep prescriptions for bodyweight exercises across the board. This will crank up the heat on Home & On-the-Go workouts!
Billionaire Nelson Peltz Offers $7B For Family Dollar
You would have to check with
I saw that happen at a male strip joint.
If your birthday is today, do you celebrate it on 2/28 or 3/1 the rest of the time? I've always wondered about this.
Its called drowning. ..
RT : I don’t have a very clear idea of who the characters are until they start talking. JOAN DIDION
So happy Monta had a debut win! Im thinking the Warriors office now realizes what a mistake they made.
Everyone follow !!!She has amazing tweets about Justin and Life:)!!! She can help you gain followers just DM her:) RT if u did
At bagel street, Plainsboro. First time in 15 years in this town I'm in a pubic place and every single person is white! So strange...
Just saw a he/she!!! It's hannah montana!!! Shes got the best a both worlds!!!
I am at Franks on Harper and 12. Would anyone like to join me for an exciting day of madness?
waiting, waiting, waiting for tennis to end to start 6pm news
So nice of the #Braves to spot the #Rockies these huge early leads before ripping their hearts out!!
Cannot get enough of this gorgeous Indy weather. Enjoy if you can!
Somethings in my brain just don't turn on at the right time, so that is why i am slow. Sorry...
Thanks for the warning.
flourless chocolate cake
is my hero. breakfast tacos in class? Yes, PLEASE.
oh! how much? and is it real wood or the fake wood?
thank you- www.jazzpiano.it
Satan knows that if he can control our thoughts then he can control our
Dude in my English class... grow up or go back to middle school where you belong.
We're excited for Halloween! Hopefully by Sunday, we'll be seeing a lot of matches using !
im going to tweet Rob Dyrdek and tell him you need to be on there maybe if we start a trend he will make it happen
Listening to Assemblywoman & @ CA Senator Fuller @
i wish i had him,if so my life would be so much better.
I don't know which is worse...the people who work out the week after NY or people who only go to church on Christmas.
Tweet. Why do I do this? Don't know.
not going to school.
Yeah, good times | they just bring so many memories back of things we experienced oh god that right their sounds so wrong SORRY
ima wait till the go on lunch break and steal all the hammers, and saws, ugh. dese maynes really den gone to fucking trippen.
I think I've discovered the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
I'm so tired ;( my owner left last night for a fair.. That's when I brought in a cute bassett hound from across the street ;)
lol ye ye but first I'm watching this UK game
No kidding! is run by a homey of mine from West Village in
Head ready to go SPLODY. Matthew wants to use his money to buy a new Transformer, but bad mommy wants the couch.
wish I could get "boned" :(
there's always room for one more.
We have "yolo - you only live once BUT for mexicans it's "Yoco - You only cross once lmao!
Packed perfectly for two international trips in the past 3 weeks and still managed to forget my headphones for the work commute today. $&!%
Yup he's the one in my picture with me (:
Today is.. hmm.. It is... It will be better at 4pm!!! ;D
mornin run on an empty stomach
Anytime sir RT : Much love to for the gear and that jcole cd
and I are sleepy and getting our money on!!!
YAY AND I DIDN'T GET LOST IN BAHSTON.
“: He lost his virginity before his father.”
#Ambition is one of the best albums of the year. Give this dude some awards!!!!
To my surprise, the movie is really good! (The cocktail sounds potent.)
Like from Twilight zone: Winter weather advis 4 metro region,2 or 3 inches, except 3-6" north and northwest of DC beltway.
see! I think dat last tournament was my last lmao
wat do them things mean , i always see ppl tweetin tht ?
she's the sweetest, right, right?! ;)
Relaxing watching idol on dvr with life is good work at 6
HEY! Follow !!! She is HAWT and AWESOME ;D
Whew! #fistpump RT Unless you're planning on helping me move my son out of his frat at Mizzou today, you are safe!
Thank you!
funniest thing ever just happen LOOL .
Being a mother is learning about strengths you didn't know you had, and dealing with fears you didn't know existed. ~Linda Wooten
S" a confusing milieu of misinformation,disinformation,rumors+the occasional fact"
Shoulder kitten purring loudly in my ear and tickling me with kisses. Does it get any cuter? I would say not.
My bad haha like I said I don't know much about that XD
In so much pain #ouch 😖😣
folks were distraught by what they say saw as a flippant dismissal of the quasireligious experience of aesthetic encounter
Bet, what we doing... Lol
yeah we can live forever duh!!
#ThingsIDislike are people who dislike one direction
Todd from our team is registered to attend in November! Has anyone else already committed to attend?
it'll happen.
-_- damn when can you text?
Nothing sums up the proud Mexican spirit on their Independence Day like drunk college girls in sombreros screaming for more Patron!
For anyone at #bblatin at Orfanato showcase looking for nice cocktails and snacks walk two steps to Corner Bar on N Miami + 10th
Its Official
RT : RT made it to So proud of them! It's like the best of #slgt came together & opened the perfect store
LOL! RT : Never share a room with this girl! RT : A3. Smother him with a pillow!
Simmons, hurry up with the homer article about W#1 against the heat. We all won on Tuesday, let's celebrate.
Reading Frontinus' history (97AD) of H2O engineering in Rome. Fascinating.Getting H2O to and thru cities no easier now goo.gl/qI3vY
Well shucks ! I'm telling you, emotions are running high on this show... Can't help it!
Thank you for the fb comment!
Did goo on my finals ! <3
Here's a rabbit,
& I miss reading news about you two, guys! I don't know anything about you for weeks :( and that's so sad.
"Pity nor fucks were ever given" -
M&A Tip of the Day- The more you watch your bottom line the better your valuation will be when you go to sell your business.
prove it lls :P
Watch Raising Hope Season 2 Episodes online follow me!
The Heat/Knicks game is so uncompetitive I'm not sorry for stopping my viewing for the Caps/Rangers.
I need to do laundry so bad, but I'm just not feeling it.
The Black Bear Inn is Opened on Mother's Day. Who else is?
I am a Washington artists that specializes in Georgetown scenes.
It's incredibly amazing how jealous I am of Chachi.
Let's hear about those PR's falling at Regionals!!!
Wow. Put out a request on FB and Twitter for an invite to Google Plus and got it within 41 seconds. Love the Interweb.
could it mean"hire right"?
People say life never give second chances. WRONG! Every "Today" is a second chance that Life throws at you. Be smart enough to grab it.
Allow yourself to get comfortable with not being comfortable
I've now unsubscribed from 's newsletter 5 times (which I didn't subscribe to), and keep getting it. That's spam.
Good Morning XD
not answering my question.
I want that sweat shirt
Every leader needs to stop .... stop and take measure of the people that make them who they are. For those people are not constant or unwi…
Leonard good game jojo my mom said hello
people only gossip about the most interesting people.
I'm having a hrad time understanding what the Twitter hype is all about.
YAY! Giants won the Super Bowl!!! :D
shut up dad. Braves suck
bummer, dude. RT Annoyed with work
same here! I need company! ;o
hey I saw ur video on youtube. I was wondering if it can work on a HTC EVO also ??
"oh, I have a neighbor named Glomer Ulus..." hahaha
Clearly I haven't fed The Goggle enough past data to receive relevant rec's in new playpen. Although I'm sure is a fine person.
RIP Dan Weldon!! Godspeed Dan... Very sad day....
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
Haha.. Swish in a big spot again!! Let's do this Swisher!!
If anyone is a fan of Friday Night Lights (the book), "After Friday Night Lights" by Bissinger is Pick of the Week!
"Doing is the truth of being" - Rupert
I either wanna do soccer next year or baseball. But I don't know if I could due to me probably sucking in them.
Dolphins reportedly to work out LSU's Morris Claiborne, others - NFL News
It's the Post-Steadicam for all us Shaky Photogs. :D
happy new year too !
Hi Ronald, Thank you for following! I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Bonus points for anyone who can get a pic Brangelina will be @ AMC-Georgetown tonight screening Land of Blood & Honey
RT : Farm Fresh -two dozen farmers will be on hand to talk about CSA at Urban Ecology 1-4 March 13th
When do you get back? I'm leaving for Japan on May 12.. would love to hear about your trip.
All I want is to go to Yiannis tonight.. Is that too much to ask ?!
Wow. How did I not know about ? So cool.
awww well you better not miss that then...
Correction makes a mean lime drop.
me too! Where are we going?
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer20
I should have had a V8
I Made my mom, sister, my baby dog,And more than 100 people to subscribe in KEEK OMG jeep subcribing i want to win this
Just let me know when your coming?
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!
the power, i mean tower of babble? lol there&#39;s a science to it but what am i gonna do write a paper on it and give away years of st…
The girls do not have a sense of proportion when they are painted, drink and fall in love.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not!
She's A Lady - Forever the Sickest Kids
Tellingly, he is a real estate agent...
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend except that guy with no friends :(
Double Middle finger to those racist losers. #Winning DUH!
coming from you, that is huge! Hoppity hop and thanks a lot!
are you good with your #productcampSTL presentation idea?
haha oh thanks yea ill definitely try it! :)
Wedding?! We need to catch up . . .
Congrats to the #Galaxy and #Real Salt Lake for making the MLS cup. Any Sounders fans want help selling their MLS Cup tix? we can help
haha I'm split doe.
Thanking god for a new day po$itive pu$h
Thanks so much for sharing our job posting!
Who you liking more for Week 15, Avant or Manningham?
Think it's time for another delicious looking blog post!
I'm in Chicago. Wat should I do? Anyone have any ideas
: I think it is the snow. Well at least here. It has been a painful winter so far, but I see light at the end of the tunnel.
"Only God gets his todo list done each day." on Biblical #productivity "...save some work for tomorrow guys." - my Bosnian friend
Cold nights make for great game nights!
Took a test today I failed no just kidding! Crap u people who hate glee and shake it up!(I don't know how I got from tests to glee hehehe!)
Says Redskins still have 31.1 Million to spend
GM everyone
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
There's something about #Foxfield that makes me want to pack way too many dresses for a weekend trip...
On a top secret mission at Fed ex office and the dude keeps coming trying to help me. Geesh.
Integrity is owning up what you listen to when no one is watching. Did I just stream the Gummy Bears theme song? Perhaps, friends. Perhaps.
if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
Im tired of making others happy before I cam smile with myself. Ever feel like that?
I'm art of the crew... And we are awesome!
Thx for the RT! I think she said it again -- "robotics" ... super cool.
30 bags of Sweet Potato Terra Chips.
Learned so much from at dinner tonight!
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Brian McFadden
Max & Ruffy's fans in Oregon, you can now find our treats at Animal Crackers! www.animalcrackerspetsupply.com
We're not very good but we're a dang sight better than
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
you were so in the moment - Thanks! You are so awesome to work with!
MT : Any last-minute teaching-related links for March Teaching Carnival ? Send them along, please (billiehara)
#liber2011 As we bundle info-related activities and the pattern of transaction costs change, so too will the boundaries of the library.
That's what I was thinking! Haha
I'm not even texting you. What you talking about dry?
Make my day. Follow me. <3
How Fast My Phone Dies At School <<<<<
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 AWARDS-Historical Fiction Event-Beyond Those Hills by M.H.A. Menondji - Honorable Mention
it's in the four seasons next to the legg mason building. It's awesome!
Order sent Monday to Hilary in CA!
That's so fucking dope. I will take a break from this Reggae and listen to some muthafucking Circa.
But hate is a very powerful word : p
"Take those skates off, Man."
Eli Manning could throw a football through Chuck Norris's heart.
have a great time tonight ! Bummed I will miss it. Family stuff...
i might be goin' with my family as a mother's day gift. gotta see what everyone's deal is first.
sure, Y not? RT : Here's a question - would you work for an employer who asked for your social media passwords?
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.-- Rumi
Check out 's tweets for updates on NJ's efforts to legalize online gaming. Everyone should be following him anyways.
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) madebyfletcher, StuartL_Johnson, Linkaon, revmedusstock , Galaxy_Theatre
smh you JUST LOVE to blame things on me huh!!!! smh
If Gonzalez is gone for the year, hard to continue to have faith in the season...
AWESOME to hear on over the weekend! A taste of things to come for the upcoming return of FNX alums! gonna be GREAT Radio!
I think I choose "Jackass."
We open early for #MarchMadness today! Get your seat because it's gonna be crazy for #UNC and #kansas at 2pm!
TONEY PARKER SAID HE WANNA WIN ANOTHER RING FOR TIM DUNCAN.
FB PUT ME ON TIMEOUT...BACK 2 TWITTER THEN..THEY PROB END UP LOSING AFTER THE SOCIAL NETWORK WAR IS OVER
Congrats to my fav athlete of all time, Mr. , ranking 22nd in his first #NASCAR race.
like jupiter & mars. we own the night.
Wow!! He missed the field goal.... I'm stunned
You don't know shit about me so stop the assumptions.
FO SHO PIMP! lets do work. let me know when i can hear that mixtape..im looking forward to it
Someone get me Cal Ripken's cell phone number. He's not responding to the big "8" spotlight I've flashed over Camden Yards.
killer night in Tempe last night... just waking up actually. Let's do it again.
thanks a lot!!
Congratulations to all the winners at #PremiosJuventud. Happy 8th anniversary! See u next year!
Shoot :/ just messed that one up
The strength is in the analytics it provides on pins you upload through its system. Have fun with it!
I'm feelin Daniel's tattoos~
RIP: Comedian Robert Schimmel, Thanks for the many years of entertainment. You will be missed.
Not exactly sure yet still going through getting cast together
Went to the Moxie Theatre last night. Ok, Apparently, I'm still in love with drummers.
thinking about Paris in Springtime, so when do the gardens start to bloom? Is March too early? Is May too busy with tourists?
Thank you for listing us as a top story!
Also, Ms. Barr, I will write you a lovely story about a good student and dedicate my next book to you if you don't make me take math again.
why u so amazin?
And people wonder why I'd rather watch sports nearly constantly? Gosh
My fav Lykke Li just joined Miike Snow on stage. Loving this!!
xoxoxo 😘😘😘 be safe on your road trip
Peace out Ebanks.
wish i could be there too! think you all will be explosive together!
Graduation Day!
I thought it was good, just not as good as the first. But the special effects reminded me of original.
thank you. And bless you too!
I wish I was more like >>>> lol
Word! RT : #MentalSlavery is much worse and more detrimental than physical slavery could ever be.
uh yeahh, and when you win the show you on the show most times so gotta win.
ugh, I know.
yes omg
I've seen lots of flossing. So gross!
RT : Less than 24 hours before the first free practice session of the 2012 season!
#facebookjustbought me a bottle of vodka
nothing bored af
Wow, Baylor bears rock this house?! The SEC will accept any disgruntled Big 12 fans.
In time I were able to keep him, and I kep him till he went off in apurple leptic fit
Great run !!
#ilookForward to a giant stash of instant noodle kimchi bowls calling my name back home..
Off to my appointment with the pedorthist. I'd really love to be running again someday.. someday SOONER rather than later.
always tweeting!! :)
I hope u r not having a bad day?
I got the same thing on my iPad
The eight nominations for FOLLIES surpasses the seven garnered by 's RAGTIME in 2009. (That show went winless on Tony night.)
You don't want to go to Easter, but its already passed. Wtf lol
read for #iowahawkeyes to beat purdue!
The only thing I hate more than reality TV is music-based reality TV. But damnit, I love
I just know you can do it, man!
my best friend is an idiot. *bangs head on the wall*
": George has my heart, and by "George" I mean "the bar"" bahaha George is my main man
Even though it is a documentary, it was funny and I still can't believe they make wine in AZ!
RT - Good luck to my boy paul fenaroli 2nite vs the jacksonville jaguars! Love ya kid.
Hahaha...VERY happy birthday.
Awful judging on the machida ramage fight.. How can any one say rampage won that?
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.-Jack London
Haemonetics Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Pall Corporation's Blood ... - MarketWatch (press release)
There are few things better than happy hour sushi
lightning talk on hard due date feature - moving ceilingDueDate and globalDueDate to circ matrix
Bold Fusion with and ... Hoping for a great event!
Days like this remind me why I love livin in Cali!!
Louisville's getting a little chippy
Low 40's. Football weather. RT : how cold IS it in Chicago?
fuck it. No one can say the Skins don't have an interesting off season.
Everything Joe knows about decision making, I've taught him. I'm incredibly proud of Joe.
A simple hi, hey, hello, or hay. Would make my life you don't even know haha.
good fight dustin even if it was a loss u still rock
#FF #marketing people:
shut up about
I feel another fight coming on with the vacuum do you two even know where that is?!?
Dear Pizza Hut, I love math. I don't love your pizza.
“: #PAUSE. This bitch just fake mentioned herself... From ME. Where in the ENTIRE FUCK do they do that at???” o_O
Tweetup's a possibility. Depends on school schedule & my 10 month old's bedtime. Let me know details when you sort them out.
Good morning friends!!!! If you ever need any temporary or temp to perm employees please feel free to give me a call... Im working at Offic…
so many commercials!!!
tweet about the workouts you coach!!
Barbara Gruska of the is one of the coolest people on this earth
its weird lol
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
Thanks, Graves :)
Yes, indeed :) !!! Time to crazy tweets :) RT : Time to tweet now ;)
I wonder what is doing, im so nosey
ya we got it by a really bad storm today a tornado touched down in our city
September was a GREAT month for CD/DVD duplication AND custom t-shirts!! Let's stay on a roll. Hit us! We like it like that.
Happy birthday to !!!! Love you! XO
Don't be hoodwinked by Big Aspberger's. It's all a racket.
1 tattle telling cousin-->": I'm telling ur MOM! Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...(No family on twitter accnt
Happy St. Patricks Day
Just learned tht "la tortuga" means "the turtle":))
hey i am a huge fan of the hunger games, no lie. also it would mean alot if you followed me back and i love your videos. =)
In da clouds
when you're on omegle and someone pretends to be and promises to follow you on twitter to prove it hahahahaha
It seems to fall somewhere in between Fireworks and the holy grail. I'll take progress over nothing, though.
she's going to perform too? AH! EXCITED!
Congratulations Trent Richardson. #Browns fans are lucky and glad to have you part of the team!!!
you guys really need to b checking one of sfs best undiscovered bands seriously
I need a nintendo 3ds ... That's something I'd wake up for.
Busy making cards for Mother's Day and Get Well for friends. I love making my own, more personal and saves money.
is ecstatic to be in the studio today! great weather
I have good days. This is not one of them.
Time to lay the smackdown on this final.
ugh I miss you so much
Debora - I detest exaggeration
1400 is better than nothing. Honor sleepytime and make up for it tomorrow :)
#Smoke will win this race in his 14th try. Daytona is notorious for numerological coincidences.
I am tired Beloved; of chaffing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little inkdrops, And posting it. ~ Amy Lowell
& iDGAF who gets offended .
Happy Friday!!!!
Grab a friend and come to swing dance lessons tonight at 8. It's so much fun!
Charles Blow is blowing away Uncle Oliver, :)
Lookin' good! RT : RT : Up the block from LeBow, construction continues on the new URBN Center. Here it is from behind
I could really appreciate you in my life!
Saying there are no good men left creates that very experience for you.
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime "Alyssa Lies"~~ Jason Michael Carroll
Did you know: a great source for Potassium (K+) = baked potato? K+ is important for muscle contraction & regulates fluid & mineral balance
She tweets! My goodness. Hope all's well in Badger Country! PS Joanna Goddard's Pinterest feed is excellent, worth a look.
Sixers don't deserve to move on.. They beat a bulls team with a Hurt D Rose jokim Noah
Scotland Yard Pub: We have our own special "Plate Pizza" and it's getting great reviews. Stop out tonight and give it a try.
Past 2 days have been crazy!!!
I was at the wrong Soho House
yes you are right!! Colorado is bi polar!!
6 mths ago on 12-11-09 I lost the most wonderful man I have ever known..I miss u Daddy!!!
Hey you're cool and I know ur good :) follow back me please :) thanks a lot :)
welcome & im pretty good (: lol wassup ?
What are you working on today?
RT : Final #Nuggets injury rundown: Harrington (knee) will play; Chandler (hip) and Fernandez (back) are out.
I'm loving tweets. This mane is coming correct on relationships. I give u 2 thumbs up hun! Job well done!
It is unreal autocorrect doesn't correct itself. I spell it wrong everytime I'm trying to blame my shitty texting on it
I taken all you faggots on and the best insult was "dick-rider".
Returned from beautiful trip to Haiti
You don't manage people. You LEAD people and manage things.
NP Miss Me
It's better to give then to receive, but it would make others feel good if you gave them something back.
you here?
alright get that piggy bank of yours and let's go! Lol
Gotta say, using an iPad for a menu last night at Temezcal was very cool
Royals game tonight >>>>>
So, I've got an African Grey named Justin & a macaw named Morgan. I REALLY wanted a HORSE, lol
I can't wait for December , best time of the year ! ♥
Stubbornness made me a Survivor. Diligence made me a success.
Salt water taffy is where it's at! All day mealing baby
Show 2nite at The Box Office!! Fireworks,The Swellers,Man Overboard,Transit,Last Call,Wolf City show starts @ 5pm
i'll let her know when im not laying down lol
can't wait to see you guys too :)
Congratulations UK! Not cool UK students! You should have just bought some champagne from us and celebrated like civilized people.
Real niggas do real things
I think looking at food all day has made me extra hungry today
Thank you!
Thanks for the RTs -- you guys rule!
. Just wait. He'll top himself next week
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
Grover Cleveland, 22nd and 24th President of the United States was born on this day in 1837
Great idea! and cabs smell so nice, too.
What a choke job by LOLhio State.
Give mommy some milk
Welcome to the Lightlife, June 5, 4-8, Fire on Water, 518 N. Water Street. Be there. First hour free shots of Nuvo, Shejay Dj Venus on music
lmao oh stop, i love meeting my subscribers!!
Game locks for cert at 2 months before launch. Team has a beer and says, "OK, now for all those ideas we couldn't get to for launch."
Yes, Maxwell Drew Johnson.
Tonight I'm watching "Larry Byndon", a film about a used car salesman in Bisbee AZ who wants to be a new car salesman in Tucson.
Quiche of the day: Ham & Cheddar
BRB . . . .banging head against wall until I pass out!
"Red Velvet Whoopie Pie" is a pretty decent sequence of words.
Great job getting it done.
CAR FIRE: Mcloughlin @ 26th, closed in both directions, use River Rd as Plan B
so this guy re-tweets it...#brilliant!
Ha, missed you too dog. “: missed a good time #not”
haha!! I understand! and Thanks! :)
Now I want to see the movie for the gazillion time!
Fantastic - see you on Race day! #cure Pls remind your friends that online registration ends Monday, April 30, 12noon.
thanks! what up?
cute is good, but compatibility and new user is where it's at
I really hate when the bottom of my foot itches, because I can't scratch it without laughing.
I'm happy to say that "coffee" is one of my top 5 words I've tweeted on twitter!
"Simple Song" - The Shins
but everytime i try to read, i fall asleep.
Running the las vegas marathon on Sunday. 12 Weeks of training done and one long race to go! Can't wait.
thanks jacob, look for a new one coming this week.
Please come back to Orlando soon. :( i wasnt able to go! Your amazing!
Thanks for sharing this event with us and our twitter community!
Hey , huge fan of Big Bang. You a fan of country music? Would luv to have you on my LA morning show on sometime!
Ahem...hopefully this isn't the last time I'll tweet these words this season...but LET'S GO HAWKS!!!
We're really gonna' miss you Dana. Peace and success in whatever you do, wherever you go.
whoa whoa...?
Next #show is Friday the 13th at the PRESS ROOM in
actually. Im sexy and i know it.
feeling better?
How will you get rid of unwanted body hair while at mcdonalds? You Will McNair it.
hey hun...how you been?
Coffee nap coffee
Does anyone that goes to UM have tickets to the DIPLO show tonight?
Im might have hangover in the morning
Very good game tonight Jay great job!! Best D I've seen this year! You guys were great in all 3 phases!
dm I read your note about Apple & textbooks. Would you be interested in a call to discuss defense strategy? (920) 450-5404
hahahha me to!!!!
totally have my nails painted that lavender color by Sally Hansen!
Does your organization provide rewardsrecognition to employees based on values? For intentional culture don't you think you should?
THANK YOU!! LOVE YOU!!
miss you
Bring your business to Texas. No income tax or low business tax and real estate state is the cheapest
6 carries for 14 yards? That's like me giving up 2 home runs to Delmon Young.
Yankees/Wall St/Finance vs. Tigers/Mo-Town/Industry...#Detroit wins.
"Don't trust words, Trust actions."
Why do I love soo freakin much..?:) He is so #flawless :)
So tired, going to bed. Have a nice night everyone!
Pleasant Valley ES and Galena High School will be closed Friday January 20, 2012
Barnone with new german friends lol
Great way to start the week!
Girl Come Down Cuz You Not That Fly
just getting ready to eat & you
Follow me?:)Thanks!!x
it's a souls companion.
I have this thing called emotions and it consumes my life tearing me to pieces
is that tonight's bed?
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY sweetie! xoxo
my favorite part is when you hit your hat off alexs' head and it hit the "good juice" into the trash can :)
True True But BITCHES Love it lol
#ThatOneEx that can't just face truth and keeps blaming u when it really doesn't matter anymore
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people.
I wasn't sure if it was you! Hah. Are you staying/living near Haight?
This should be interesting... RT : Finally! Brands can message fans and fans can message brands.
once my ankle is healed we goona hit up that gym!
w.e not finishing the reading. i have a sparknotes app on my iphone ill finish this i school
pop it, lock it, polka dot it, country fivin', hip hop hip
brain freeze
ahh sorry I forgot! I'll do it now!!
Its sad how someone can go from being the reason you wake up smiling to crying yourself to sleep.
Sometimes it does though...then again some people are just pokers indiscriminately.
Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers it except you.
:o no one texts you
Good Morning! My wife is off to break a world record this morning! Good luck ! You can do it!
#takenote: the word of the year for #2012 is
“: Knowing what to do isn't enough if you haven't developed the self-discipline to do it. #success #leadership” Agreed.
i swear this time i mean it <3 :)
Coloring my hair today...I'm scared..I've always had black hair
Consumers rather than citizens? which side are you on?
men fall in love after they GTD 90% of the time anyways. Most men see a girl & think sex, but we use cont.
Do I have any Atlanta residents following me?
Rock chalk Jayhawk. See you Monday haters.
Welcome to Twitter! Surf and Wake sessions coming soon...
Mom was happy to hear I'm alive and ticket-less.
RT : People and rubber bands have one thing in common: they must be stretched to be effective.
“: Hitchcock says Halak is out for the series” this complicates things for
I'm waiting for the music award show with Warpaint as winners.
REALLY enjoyed your March Madness "Bracket Babes" story @ 6 tonight. Well done. Always appreciate your work.
IF YOUR AIR FORCE ONES STRAP IF HANGIN SCRAPIN CROSS DA STREET ...YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
hey were you at La Bottega for the inkedMagazine & MGK event last night?
It's Reuben Tuesday! Pastrami, Cady Creek Swiss, St. B Abt 12 Sauerkraut, and Russian Dressing on Grilled Rye. Any Reuben fans out there??
Ok I'm following you now!
Not sure if I should thank you or hate you! Still recovering from 1 too many ritas...those things are strong! DJ was rockin too.
hey there sweet girl! Hope your day is lovely! Was just thinking about you! Xoxox
Its sad when you've been working on stuff on your laptop so long that when you're not on it, you still think "CTRL S" after every sentence.
pitch calling tendencies. Frequencies of different pitches & in what counts/locations. Oughtta keep you busy :)
I really hope I don't have to drive tomorrow
Most helpful asset for women business leaders... Networks.
Zoos furnish the live experience of animals, but books give you the accurate info. -
A3: Regardless of what the court says, providers will still be working at data exchange. HIEs not part of ACA act.
I love so many people but you the most and my mommy and daddy! && family!<3 ... Family always comes first in my eyes. What about yours?:)
So you think you know how to be safe online? We'll see about that! Don't miss my Lightning Talk at
" #MentionTo- a new friend your becoming real good close friends with-- "
that is great.
I'm so ready for this week to be over ...
" Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Its Monday in #PDX. What are your tricks to get through the day?
I played with the Timeline plugin a bit this morning and, yep, it only seems to do the blog posts…working on a fix this weekend.
Successfully pulled off moeing the lawn after it rained without it cuttin off on me. All it cost was my left shin. Damn this shit HURT!
What's for lunch today? Join us for one of our five lunch specials for under $8.99 (including a drink!)
Edmonton scores with 56 secs. left. Oil Kings win 4-3. Lead series 3-2. Game 6 Sat. night at sold out Rose Garden.
Lake time
Can't wait; learned a lot!
steph. call meeehhhh okay we need to win this competition like now.
our room smells like burnt pizza rolls. Thanks !
just checked it out and liked it. have a great day.
I know u get busy but be honest u said u wanna get to know me too so we can go on a date, do u want me to stop trying ? Be HONEST
So Americans don't sing the the star spangled banner anymore
Everyone who comes to Shop at the Sip and Sale 2nite gets first dibbs on All, New Arrivals!! Plus 20% Off?!?! Don't Miss Out Ladies!!
So Jeter plays SS everyday until Gardy comes back? Then Nunez comes back in exchange for an OF? Who leaves for Andy?
i thought he would never see me liking that photo HAHA!!
Thanks! My b-day was actually on Sunday, but today was the first day I had time to pick up an ipad. I've been busy!
": Mel Kiper Jr just called RGIII the "missing link" for the Redskins. Racist! #espn #nfl"SMH
Just us Wednesday night a Busby's West in Santa Monica! $1 drinks!
your going to drive an hour or 45 minutes just to meet me
guess that makes me a weirdo, I've loved coffee my whole life :)
Tonight justin and brody had soccer practice.
I feel lost
Has accepted a position with lowen Corp as Director of Installtion Training and Certification.
Happy to say, a "Daily Kate Fix" is not a vice I struggle with.RT Need your daily Kate fix? The latest photos of Kate Middleton here..
I'm quite secular but my boy probably knows u! Plus we're #1 in Houston Sundays w/ our Gospel Sunday!!
you're such a emo little fuck
Have a cocktail & a pedicure. :-) Your friends ❤ you! RT : Totally need to get out of this crappy funk of mine.
he was in the movie space balls. That's pimp
is trying to adapt from Hawaii Standard Time (HST) to Eastern Standard Time (EST). My travels have taken me from Hawasia to Floraiti!
Hahahaa my avis a joke :)
Wrong! will back me up.
my vitamins also taste like butt :/
is my new favorite site. has far surpassed my love for pinterest
You can't choose what stays & what fades away.
Drink orange juice for Vitamin C.
Cannot compare Lake Wazee to a project of this scale.
