I keep trying to remind myself that discourage is a form of laziness...and the job hunt continues.
Just finished reading the Hunger Games. MUST. READ. CATCHING. FIRE. NAOW.
yea thats what I meant I don't get paid till the end of the month again
tonight with holdin down the beats!
Going to the canal.
Is it a jar, an attribute of Mary Magdelene?
Hey Friends, are starting a twitter party now...come join! #mdparty :)
I'd forget someone, and it would be this big to-do, and then people would start fighting ... complete chaos
Interesting. There's an app called 'Everyday' where you can take a picture of yourself once a day. See how you change over the years.
Medicine dynamic since much is uncertain or will be proved incorrect, including guidelines. Variation = quality, often.
Is there a time/place I can pickup a stack of program guides for 20 students?
aw that's when you say f. It and go shoppin mama!
nah straight up chocolate chip Pete.
congrats to my lady wildcats....im so proud of u guys...MUCH LOVE
did you get a chance to ship it?
It will just be me at MW this year. We are both going to AAM and doing a panel 2 weeks later. Busy times!
I can't shake you off of me and I can't be here to say that you should be next to me.<3
": Back at my former college Ohio U. Anchoring the noon news. Life has come full circle."> show em how the big boys do it :-)
Life isnt so bad! Listening to Say Anything, cleaning, prepping for garage sale Friday
2nd and 14 and Lions run up the middle?
your welcome
even for someone w/a disdain for TV, that's a must-checkout show.
ugh I know right!!! So frustrating -- I woke up at 11:30 and was like what the hell... Already?!
Saint Louis Michigan State draws within 51-55 with 2:45 left.
Louis Vuitton Condoms for $68 ... Stupid idea who would buy that ... are they reuseable or something
LOVE this rainy Sunday...inside with my hubby, where it's comfy, warm and dry! :)
The talk about the Jets using Tebow for more 2 point conversion attempts is a great idea...Eagles and Panthers should do the same thing
someone else smacked down Fifty Shades last wk, a writer I respect. She said it glorified sex for control/manip reasons
Every time I go to a green house, I realize just how much of a non-flower person I am. They're pretty & all, but not for me.
Ditto! RT : Looking forward to dinner tonight with and !
Always think quick on your feet
Hi Twitter! =)
Up to 3rd grade #children learn to read & after read to learn. What if a child gets behind b/c of #homelessness, then what? HCEF
its like wat is there to do nowadays????
#Madonna tells her fans they should "save all year to attend her concert" I'd rather burn my money after that show.
Cat daddy
Join and TOMORROW 4/23 at 3 PM EST for #CommsChat! Topic is "Making the Business Case for Diversity"
School administers in sw las vegas warn parents about man trying to lure kids in car. Story at 10 & 11.
Good afternoon everyone! Hope your day is blessed.
-___- ill kill y'all. lol
Going mountain biking today at the Boneyard! :D
#blackParentsQuotes black?? This sounds like my parents Jesus...
our tech librarian does.
Thanks, Gemma. My email is: .edu
Follow me please it will make my day (: and yours...I luv u
pass her around!
we arme still here and will send out to a few.
Big zippers on the wall? Makes me wonder what type of hotel you're staying at.. (Just sayin').
say i'm really attracted to somebody but he won't give me a chance because he's famous. Got any advice?
Exciting News Coming Soon!
Cali. Im moving to Arizona tho :o
"Land of the free and home of the bra!"
This was not a good week or week-end for me:'( its been like the worst ever! Cried all week. I want my Egyptian true friends:(
why are you so amazing? Huh?
#WoodfordWednesday has turned into sitting in a Saturn jammin out to
FINAL FOUR FINAL SCORE: Kansas 64, Ohio State 62
That is awesome news! I'm so proud of you.
We need to consult and advocate on data with researchers.
"hey, Sara. I'm not going to be a sassy pants anymore, ok?" - little niece · also, totally ok.
Good luck! RT : So excited to be giving a speech tonight at the donors recognition dinner at
cinderella team is gonna surprise some people. I hope : )
Cross my fingers.
Hey, Monika. Saw you tweeting about Pinterest analytics. Are you seeking it for a brand you're working w/ or personal use?
Selling tickets right now for the #BCSBlockparty at downtown for $30! Save some money &get them early!!
Lol Justin bored sl right now!
The 365.52.12 Project (music every day, a new song each week) is well underway. Song #1 just completed. Blog (with songs) to follow. FUN!
I thought the same thing. But I'm guessing neither party is going to miss the fundraising potential of
But yes, always interesting to consider lang. choices: to use their terms or ours, & reclassifying to reclaim!
loving this book, now to come up with a unique & delicious recipe
thank you for the follow, we love Big Bear Resort, you guys rock!
It's great!
What time do you play on Monday night?
Ha John Noble is trending and all the porno Twitter accounts are now picking up and spamming with his name
We are very grateful to have so many people to thank. Christina Kara, Ashley Kohman, + everyone out there, we couldn't do this without you!
Rushing: options should come from everyone, we all have to be patient in planning
Nice diving catch by Shantz! He definitely gets extra credit for that one. 2 down.
haha of course! we'll make sure to get enough videos and post them.
Matt Kirschenbaum on history of word processing in lit history like digital archeology
Rich Cordray of encouraging states, feds to work together to curb abusive debt collection tactics by repeat offenders
you showed up on a YouTube add today. Happy Birthday, by the way!
Getting my hair layered!!!!!!! Finally!
2700 arrests over 10 years for the 54 most problematic drug dealers and criminals at the 3rd and Pike beat
The end of nonfiction. writes
Can I use my Bleacher Nation SN RonSantosLegs for the Game Day Thread? Can't seem to log in on that part of the site.
Just cracked the back of my phone.. Fml lol
Making a fire, and reading some...
: Toughen up, chump!
is there anyway i could meet 1D this month in NYC? i really really really would love if you could tell mee <3
take a shot every time a player on the heat flops, that's a drinking game that would get everyone fucked up
of course I'm kidding about that last tweet...
No wait false alarm damnit
Scott County school's are on a 2-hour delay for Tuesday.
There are many things in this world that I like too much. Maybe one day I'll tell you what they are.
Not in the conversation. RT : Will be asked on SportsCenter where Rivera is ranked all-time among Ps -- not just relievers.
I love Pres. Obama's ears. Big ears is a strong trait in my family.
Guys: No shirt, no service.. Girls: No shirt, no charge!
you are beautiful
Free shirt? Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
Bus 49 used to be so live!!! Lol
I've gotten that same response from so many people lol
April fools girl lmao i'm sorry
SR 50, closed this morning because of smoke and visibility issues, is back open in the Christmas area.
A cardio workout is not that involuntary grunt you make as you get up off the couch to get another Mountain Dew and Reese's cup.
“The best color in the whole world, is the one that looks good, on you!” -Coco Chanel
Join 3GNY for a cocktail party Weds. 1/27, 7 pm at 49 Grove, launching our education initiative "WEDU." Learn more @ www.3GNewYork.org
Bring on the game! I'm ready to cheer on my homeland. If the Cards can't beat 'em, might as well join 'em!
m death by cell biology is just about the worst next to accounting xD
"I have unfinished business to complete at Oregon" -CK
In the money - guaranteed $6665. Pretty short stacked though @ 108k. Avg is 298k. Blinds are 4k-8k. Let's run good after dinner break!
If you love me why dont you tell me the truth
Pedicure or oil change? Hm...I choose pedicure! Yes!:)
Definitely don't wanna do my hair, but it'll still be better than wearing it curly tomorrow.
Now that the semester's over, I can finally plan my Kalamazoo #ICMS schedule. So far, Friday 10am is a killer. Time-turner to spare, anyone?
is Daft Punk Radio on Pandora.
how can you question my fancy dancyness? I am appalled. I wish! I got cold/flu, idk
Ooh, lucky you, Ms. VIP!!!
Strike one!
i miss you already babe :/ i had am amazing early christmas with you, i love you so much :)
when the hell did being a virgin become a bad thing
infinite quests
for some candidates it seems to be "i have a collection of american cars that people drive me around in!" :P
I was Bacon and Constitution, about 1/2 a block from there, so probably the same little guy. he took off headed that way
*~ *cough* i already new dat cuz im me~*
It's important to break a mental sweat too.
Fair enough. You know I'll be ready!
if you need a hand with any of it let me know!
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 13!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR BT Lyrical Trilogy...
Thanks for the #FF!
are you home for the summer??
!!!!!!!!!! RT : You got wifey at home crying but you making all the hoes happy you fu%kn up!
Good question. Don't remember. Was something talked abt in a special. RT is that a genetic or environmental result?
Spent all day reading the excellent The Summer Tree by Guy Gavriel Kay & now I have that warm, sated feeling. All readers know the one.
I'll be covering the Legislature in Boise for the AP a week from today, though I'll be keeping tabs on all the goings on in Wisco :)
I'm thankful I spent most of my day with my Mother now on my way to Bmore! Is gonna be a good day and night !
Hello divine master of befuddlement.
People at my school act like I'm the only teenager that fangirls over Justin Bieber. Heellllloooo there's 22 million of us.
they have drive ins at WW
feel better! :D
RT will you guys be coming to south florida by any chance? Ive missed you guys. Last time i saw you was at new vision! :'(
Novel. discusses how not talking about her company makes people like the
So excited to help! Thank you so much. :)
you'll do great!!!
When deeds speak, words are nothing. Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
thank you! That's always good to hear on a Monday morning!
This tree is drunk
I refuse to get excited about Justin & Selena breaking up till its on E!. When it's on E!, it's true.
Point em out! RT : ... we coming for that bitch. SQUAD UP!!!
Have you tried the #FlourShop on Main Street? Gr8 coffee. #local RT : Penn Yan should really consider building a Starbucks
Lord...I have chills thinking about lyrics!! my Lord!!
RT : "Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall." – Confucius
Rise & Shine! 6:30AM Lavish #breakfastbuffet that features omelets & waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast & Potatoes!
boy your wish is my command ♥
We agree! "Grungekids" on Pioneer Square (our Rockefeller Plaza) do this with hackysacks daily up/down the steps near waterfall
I'm on a boat. I'm on a boat. Everybody look at me I'm on a boat.
oh I'm so much an introvert :) i just try hard to put myself out there
I'm addicted to the music!!
follow my business page
Making some banana yogurt pancakes yum
Whatever the mind of man can conceive. It can achieve! “: Stay humble... Stay hungry!!! #MOAM”
just had a great phone chat w , i'm looking forward to the possibilities of where everything #km related can go!
what did I do now?:)
SO MANY. I also had no idea until I used Pinterest that Lauren Conrad is like a folk hero to the beauty-obsessed.
: Hi Julia -- I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together. DM me?
off to dreamland
I'd feel naked if I cut my hair...
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect.
Wait what?! DUDE! HOW AWESOME!!!!! We must do a group dinner and I demand to be filled in.
I can't be thrilled if I'm a #Dolphins fan and we took Tannehill. Too big of a question mark with a Top 10 pick if you ask me.
sending your whole little family lots of love and well wishes for Marvin :(
Worth every penny. RT It cost Mad Men $250,000 to play that Beatles song at the end of Sunday's episode.
Oh just wording with friends
Lovely new years day looking at the eagles around Coeur d'Alene lake!
RT : Q2 did you have prior experience with terrestrial radio? Where/what did you do?
I've itchin and a twitchin just can't wait to get there and show off a few of my new songs. I hope to be heading south soon
follow back plz:)
hahaha what? lo Que me espera :-)
I hate that slutty bitch
I followed her!!!!!
haha we got "good to be bad" on iTunes and stuff on the YouTube channel!
Don't pop it up.
My immortal
you know what you said and nothing has changed.
Whenever I work out I put a sticker of a at on the calendar. Apparently that's all that it really takes to get me motivated...
If U Love #Israel Like We Love Israel, Be A Part Of Securing The #Jewish #Homeland FOREVER!! Join Us!!
Second, to me $70,000 a year is really not a lot of money, in my book.
I'm back twitter
haha only problem is turning papers in IS getting me paid lol
Hope everyone had a great THanksgiving!
just blow this game
But it's almost as good for you! Nothing more tiring than a tired kid!! Go enjoy a frosty May morning!
Then he robbed his HS team by accepting illegal benefits. And they way he left Cleveland was childish and primmadonnaish.
Because We love U
austin this video is amazing your amazing and I love you a lot ♥x
What's a good Wordpress Theme? Something professional, yet still keeps its pimp hand strong.
so. dog? yes? no? tell me about why i should or shouldn't adopt a dog.
Enjoying the first day of #caworld in Las Vegas. Just finished getting a demo of the new Product Portfolio Management v13, slick new look!
haha I am though, that's my new startups cofounder plus he's an awesome guy...so I sending over full on awesomeness
I must be dreaming in HD again because it's way to early to be this awake
Now I remember... I should never allow premature joy for the Red Sox...Lost to Detroit. Good ol Sox
long nites and hard work. dats my life...
Last Nights Flavor Changing on Ice dinner at was a success. Don't miss the next one happening on December 7th
Trying to using new iPad as hot plate for my coffee but not working as well as advertised. Considering a return.
SURF: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft.
hi. I exist.
YES! (But we do LibQual+, so "good prizes" is our only chance.) RT : Q2 Keep the surveys SHORT!
Spring leagues now forming at Bowl-A-Roll Lanes for May.
Reason #1 to skip gym. It's fng cold outside and Star Wars is on. I guess that makes 2 reasons.
#yoghourt and #movie with hubby
Trying to rationalize buying a new pair of sneakers with "it'll make me go to the gym more" there's only a 50% chance this is actually true
Wow, some deeps tweets today... quick tweet me something funny and cute! ;)
The Ox goes to ground rather easily. Barely touched. Getting bored of all this.
The gatekeepers may act like they got keys...but the gates are now unlocked...walk on past them....
Watching Andy Goodman share about storytelling at the Cause Conference
Chris: It's hard out there because of the economy; don't know how it will affect the profession
Tell your friends about us and we will tell ours about you! win/win situation. -The TV.
This is the hardest 4-0 lead I've ever watched
is super nice! Thanks for making me feel better!
Cheerios ahh i get it, Cheery- o's! AH!
i loved every minute of it
Friendlys with my dad, grandma, and uncle. Them 's house for her birthday ~
true story. Can I bring you lunch sometime??
Fill in the Blank: This weekend, I'm going to_____________ via
Brain dead @ work…
It's been a year since Bin Laden started his tour of the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Chadwick Struck will be joining our reel camp this week! So exciting!!!
Gold Digger is another term for "smart hooker"
What's Facebook?
Then again, if I wore a monocle, I would probably develop a perpetual twitch. Surely that would seal my fate as a mad librarian.
Have a bday coming up & want to celebrate at some of the hottest clubs in VA or DC email full name & number to
the rest of your "boy band" (haha) need to get twitters! I wanna follow & tag them too!
Shockingly, 6,496 wines scored 90+. That's 47.9%. No wonder wineries hurt if they don't hit that magic number.
whats life without love? Give a damn. Do something.
Thanks - it was great fun! BTW, which version did each of the winners make?
wow its pretty good i love him
Is Lyrically the hottest rapper out
Thankful for a rainy morning, coffee, and the back porch.
Go Blues! RT : blues fans down here...
My morning just keeps getting better and better :)
PerfectDisk will defrag and optimize, including optimizing SSDs and virtual environments.
Nielsen Finds U.S. Hispanics Tops In Mobile, Social Activity
I pray that the man above watch over me my family and friends everyday I know he won't put more on me then I can't bear
Do it!!!! Enjoy the flight, experience, the blessing.
oh dear lord Naomi.... haha
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation...they had 2 others on there, but not that one, which is really on my small repeat list
...also way too soon to give up on Manny Parra, see Jorge de La Rosa who has gotten much better later in his career
Merry Christmas!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL HAVE A HAPPY HOLIDAY!!!
Cut the im out of impossible, leading that dynamic word standing out free and clear-possible. -Norman Vincent Peale
I have a 7am lobby call so don't want to travel out of area tonight. I'm sure tomorrow night will be awesome.
Yes, ma'am. I shall. (and I want free bbq, too.)
When is the next tome the trucks will be heading to the northside for lunch?
why so many twitter names? Lol
"We are all one family." Lillian Wald, public nurse
Didn't know you had a new gig. Congrats!
"chicle" to this day remains the word for "gum" in Spanish!
Mayweather getting his ass kicked in may!
speechless... But impressed!
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person
Izturis has been bad in the field. Error last night and two today. C'mon Cesar!
That vacation was too quick. I need a replay.
Some of San Diego's best local music: Support local music!
I get free lunch every day! And there are game rooms for break times! And I might actually like the work/my coworkers! :O
Yeah, I already figured out where you were ;). I'm a social drinker too - but go hat or go home, right? Lol
Google Calendar API: pinned to the mat. One more API thing left to do and then it's time to rock and roll.
you are a class act. Your kindness and intelligence are admirable. Great example!! Thanks!
Once you have the title and the data, the paper virtually writes itself!
Burn another one, roll another one.
Stop Typing In All Caps And Learn How To Spell. Blowin' Up My Timeline. Not Sayin' Shit Either.
Small children love Hooters!
Mentally exhausted
Faded with and niggaa jus turned 18 and can't hang lmfao BITCH MADE
Shout out to our 200th follower. Thanks. You Rock!!!!!
I'll be there! Looking forward to it!
Yeeeeaaaaaa... real R&B. That's what I'm talkin bout.
Bennett: Districts are being brought to the brink by the state and its ironic that if state pushes you over brink, it then takes over.
I think i am going to order pizza
Except it's not mediocre, and it's not over: Fox gave it another season.
Last full day class session of #HCLA is this week. I can't believe graduation is next month.
i love #Christmas O_o
Thanks, Claire! Got a Kindle today and it was my 1st download. Happy Mother's Day right back!
i hate chicago policeman
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ??..Please come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)
Thou shall not waste a single drop
Thanks, Amy! :) Happy Friday to you too!
Get your business a FREE directory listing on www.MyBizXchange.com!
Mostly. But I swear by the neti pot. Ask me about YOGA FIRE
Happy Birthday Gaga!
My Whole Weeknd Been Shitty Since Thursday Night
me too bitch
LOL, why do I get such violent story ideas whenever I go running?
I LOVE YOU PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSS FOLLOW ME ANSWER!!!!!!!!111
There do seem to be a ton of recipes aimed at doing everything to mask the flavor of liver, if you're into that sort of thing.
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in with and our kitties!
Count me in, kids.
I wholeheartedly agree! :)
. hahahahaha I was thinking the same thing
February basically sucks all these girls with their boyfriend flaunting them around and the whole month is all lovey dovey
First day I hear birds chirping outside...they are probably pissed about this snow. Anyways spring is on its way ;)
I think it's nice that Wacka Flocka actually shows up for class at
love it :)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's
cool(: im watchin watever this show is on MTV
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
At Peter Norton Space NYC, watching Happy Hour Play. Watching performance of friend Actor/Speech coach Amanda Quaid.
thEndUsr podcast will be postponed until Wednesday this week due to two finals tommorow wish him luck!
And we will always support you every single day<3 :) LOVEYOUCODY :)
I wonder if we will have school tomorrow ?
Apparrently Paul Masvidal from Cynic is now dubbed Paul Massiveballs.
Will I be able to get any work done tonight? Baby says no.
Great movie!!
I wrestle 52 weeks of the year, ready for a break hahaha! But still love it!
go to work in a little blah but atleast i get to work with my bff and before i leave watchin on livechat luv u ryan xoxo
I just watch Netflix lol
thanks for the follow! :) if you are ever in need of some a fantastic headshots let me know.
The open road.
One of my clients, a young man named Trenton, 10 years old or so, just booked a role on a new TV show. Congratulations Trenton!
anything for a butt scratch and a biscuit.
save the date may 18th!!
When I reported Vince McMahon was on a Twitter kick I never knew it'd be the new focal point
Hey, Did you create the Detroit Directioners FB Friend Request page?
Shannahan would ruin Wilson
If you don't know what you want, I don't want you. ;-)
...Going back to bed
Now you, still speak of day old hate. Though your whole world has gone up into flames. And isn't it great to find youre really worth nothing
Again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio. the ISBN nUMBER IS 978-1-4535-0820-6 thats for the soft cover
my fault i for got man i got yall niggas real shit
"I think personal bloggers tend to be under presented at WordCamps.
that's why I drink nothing but Cupcake!
That's not funny :'( I like how you on twitter but can't text me back. OH.
Let's do this!
What an <ahem>interesting St Paddy's Day #DCDrinkUp. You sure missed some awesome people if you weren't there. Mayhem had by all!
Dell's GUI bios is a PIA and pretty much sucks to deal with over idrac
#Capricorn MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Jordan Sparks said how cn she breathe with no air..well im sayin how cn u smoke wit no weed
It makes me happy to know that players hang out outside of training and games.
These girls these days growing up to fast , they mamas let them do anything
Attending the #BridalBazaar this weekend? Booth #304 offering $1000 Off room rental at
Awesome, thanks. He's almost 2 now and says "Robson" when he sees your #Spurs picture on the wall in his playroom.
Loves it when punters who talk during a gig are amazed when you ask them not to, and loves it even more when they want to hang out after!
Think Like A Man was AWESOME!!! All of the acting was great. KH did his thang!
*2 eye wink!*
Yep Good Night Bye Bye 8)
today was pretty good(:
Well... There's a Bootie LA on my birthday... Fate?? I think so!! :April 7... My troops invade!!
who should be the next XPOZ beauty
Hello brother!
Hooray for the small victories: might break 400 hits today ;) http:/thetvk.tumblr.com
hey Brent!!! Hope your day is great to!!! As always...you rock!!! :)
Jude is playing Madden on the Wii. He wants to be the Broncos. Jeez!
Spoke with 10 detainees at mira Loma... exhausted but happy.
I'm in love witth my bed but my wake is jealous :P
It's not a saying, it's law. An estate doesn't have standing to sue for libel on behalf of a dead person.
The old Vermes is back...hope the 7-0 one comes back soon.
#Actors - Want an easy way to stay sharp? Train with your iPhone using action-playing & repetition exercises, try free in the Actsophia app!
Back at it!
sounds like a deal. coffee's on me :)
Our "Superbowl Giants" Special is in full swing. Don't forget to wear your Giants gear when you come in for your treatment!...~Linda :o)
Time to show them my value
O good luck!! Red always works (agreed ) or a nice light pink since we are heading into warmer weather!
gotta get that protein.
Its so sad not speaking to you, but I care enough to understand about what ya schedule is, I want her..NO!! ... I NEED HER!!
Where were you paddle boarding?
lol..back to normal now. I have been babysitting grandson during 13 hr night shifts all weekend. Routine was disrupted. lol.
It hurts to see you hanging out with other girls. :(
And doing it well. RT : You're too kind. Just doing God's work. :)
thanks for tweeting about our Pajama Game deal!
If anything you're working for is tough, then it's worth it.
This smoke alarm won't stop beeping. Can't find where its coming from.
back from first day of ski in Squaw Valley, Lake Tahoe
is my favorite band because...oops i will exceed my tweeting limit
It was a blast!
I enjoy her as an artist but she's so desperate to be iconic her act already feels old.
Haha you would. I won't be angry with you, but I can't promise judgement won't be passed...
Nobody even understands Max B, you need to stop... please
She is my everything! I cant wait to see her tomorrow! (:
I just asked Megan about the boat and she said you never told her about it?
It appears the cat dislikes my new aromatherapy oils.
Well, the cookie bars look good, but I think I'm going to *have* to taste them before sharing them with work. It's my duty.
AS YOU SHOULD BE RT : yes! I'm jealous! Lol
Our Development Director agrees! :)
wassup man? Any good hip hop spots in LA?
Excited for Sporting KC today!
great song! Proud to play it.
127 hours is awesome even with the horrific arm cutting off scene - loved it
At the rate this cold is hanging out in my body, I'm pretty sure I could still be sick for 's wedding! YIKES! I hope not!
I'm always late for work. So today I tried to be an hour early....and I was finally on time. Ha
Seriously how stressful it must have been micromanaging the raising of your kids via the help? Happy Mothers Day
ABX serves breakfast from 7 - 10:30 a.m.! Come in and try our Breakfast Burrito, SmokeHouse Sandwich or ABX Cakes!
What inspires you to eat healthy and exercise?
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES "Hey" w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox and more: bit.ly/n4QamH
80's classic #JOHNWAITE is in the house Tonight!!! We've been #MissingYou welcome to
Whitney Houston is haunting the red carpet in a see through dress by Versace.
Because if you don’t, it will be much more difficult to do anything for anyone else.”―Jason Moskovitz
went to refill my drink of water in the kitchen, only to leave the drink in the kitchen and sit back at the computer. wow...
. knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
Already there. Pull up a chair.
- Well, it is my belief that adaptability of the brain is a function of the learning that had taken place.
#hungergames #JenniferLawrence Great movie, check it out. Better to pay than play on the down low. All the way. Riverboys
is it true about hogan and beefcake!!
RT : ERR announces 2012 social media challenge! tweet using #abalel or post to ERR's linkedin group.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. - Laurence J. Peter
ABC NEWS WAS THE LOSER IN THIS HORRIBLE DEBATE
At #Noodles, sitting next to some chick detailing her failing relationship to her Dad.
wait the clippers won?
pshh been watchin the knicks since day 1. jus no reason to post statuses about their awful play the last decade.
Van ran off road, knocked a sign down and hit that bar code place on boston street and leakin.
llab I had to try this shit out again....Facebook turning into myspace
so good!
I just copied it from Someone else.
Hey #orlando should we go to mark's caribbean tonight?
No problem will do :) Keep sending your events our way
RT : So glad to have you following--we'd love your residents to know that they are welcome to get away at...
Hip Hop Lives
Reading a book by "All That is Bitter & Sweet." It is captivating and inspirational.
Been a little too wet around here lately.
no, I like the idea though it maybe difficult to implement at times
Red watch wit the red chain, my diamonds on their period.
Don't tease me like that... I need my #faceoff ! I need it bad
Yeah I enjoyed warped last year
our first arguement, great ..
So sore. Too much gay sex- I mean, fighting, working out, and other manly things.
Big 3 go for 30-10 each and still only beat the average at best Rockets by 6. Get excited Heat fans - I know is!
What do I need to do to get to send in his homework!!
So excited! I will film with Terry Kiser sometime between 4/5 and 4/15.
If you want to know what's on your life, look @ the things you are attracting
Let's hope. If you've been following Lamb's recovery, he might not see competitive ball until the end of this season.
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
i had a gut feeling this qualified ;) or maybe it was what i ate?
Vinnie....get this guy out!
We certainly are! And yeah! The night is young... If I were there I'd be partyin with u!
when your ready to apologize ill be here. Not sure what's up w you going off like that, both times. Hope you have a good day
like no one saw that one coming
Y'all are so in love
I always keep green around me like I'm a Celtic.
Lying to yourself when you know the truth is a worse feeling than being lied to.
Bruegger's cream cheese is terrible and Dunkin burns their bagels. Sometimes you just can't win
Well said, sir. RT I don't know how you make that lane violation call. Right call? Yes. RIGHT call? Absolutely not.
Just finished #Limbo - easily the best new game I've played this year.
not sure why, but I was surprised to find the Mac app store based in itunes. lame.
PAUL RYAN works for himself. He thinks he is running for the PRESIDENT. PAUL KRUGMAN, call MITT up and tell him to watch his back. NLD Mom
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth -- Moths in the Trap
would you like to be on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President to discuss Health Care Reform, let me know.
Utilities commission approves Ruskin Dam upgrades
But I ain't even mad. 1 game no big deal.
lol just save me and Cynthia a few
thank you! =)
Did you hear about the woodworker who died when he fell into a vat of varnish? It was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish.
Andre switches on Christmas lights - The Press Association Mr Paparazzi Andre switches on Christmas lights The Press Association Pop star
Glad to have our cousins here for #DecemberNights. The holiday season is all about family :-)
Watching sample wedding videos and crying over these peoples MOH speeches. You have big shoes to fill. haha jk love you!
Guys I'm exhausted by this game and my show hasn't even started.
If it's really important there will be at least 1/2 FTE devoted to it
If there's one thing st patty's day has taught it's this: green is NOT my color.
I got trouble on my mind
I love the fact that my son watches the NBA playoffs with me
I shall dance with you my dear!!
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. -Walter Bagehot
nice! Keith!
RT : Good luck to all the #ARathletes competing this weekend! Who is ready to unlevel the playing field?
I called ur wife and she said u weren't allowed ... Sorry dude I tried
as long as you're not a Lakers fan it's all good.
#swagitout Love the music vid and the song!! Ur such a great singer and dancer!
Mike died............14 years old and died im crying my eyes out R.I.P I will miss you
See you in eternity
(cont.) are real cancerous
Dick Clark is dead, so I guess new Years Eve is cancelled...
poor thing :( were you scared. I saw you crying!
Sajak has been hosting Wheel of Fortune since I was 1 year old! Crazy!
Our pleasure - sleep well and safe travels!
Sac state is starting up today. Hit up the website and share some notes!
Let's go Lobos!!
hey! Just saw you in the lobby but was engrossed in phone convo. Awesome job presenting!
*listens carefully, with a slight frown. nods*
Need to get me somethin nice to get low wit.
Possbly shortest council meeting ever last night in #ChulaVista: 45 minutes.
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep whats not yours, and can't hold on to something that does not want to stay"
ok I'll break it down ... Some1 rt u so I replied n said the same then added don't even tweet deactivate ur account or I wil
Coming up: watch PTL today for your chance to win a BLU-RAY DVD by answering a Twitter question about the show!
Follow Back >?
ill either be in my feelings or on something deep tonight messing with kendrick lamar in this mindset.
sadly yes
Love that said "I'm so happy I have my Lawson" on Mostly as my husband's name is Lawson.
Ouch, get ready for the Geordie backlash to your twitter account :)
thanks *hugs back* :')
I'll be on the infield! See you later
you know what, Faith Hill? Al and Chris ARE the best on TV
I have worked with & served as a coach to 2 of Entrepreneur of the Year regional winners.
Your Love
The Prisoner of Azkaban because it explained so much!
Last weekend of studying! Can't believe I'm gunna be a junior after this semester! Graduation is still far away though!
Quite surprised there were this many people who made weekday mid-afternoon ESPN shows appointment television.
I get it from my dad. I used to eat onions all the time when I was a kid, then when I was about 20 or so I couldn't anymore. Lame.
DJ abuse?
Many agents don't understand its importance.
I'm only just seeing this, miss you!
Trying to install this new music software. It's failed 4 times... 5th time's the charm?
that's why you come to me to solve your problems
payton you should have a DM friday where you DM fans every friday!
I wonder if a pitcher's ever told a manager, "nah, un-unh, I'm not done here. Send him back to the bullpen."
had me fooled all along. Well done.
Omg I just saw the news about the shooting in Louisville earlier today... 😞 I'm starting 2 think this town is not as safe as I thought. 😢
Can't justify using both since LinkedIn is so widely accepted/better. By virtue of being FB app, Branchout is clunky/hard to use.
Everyone Follow For A Huge Shoutout
It's A Friendly Nothing More.. :-) Promise...
Sandusky really issued a statement on Paterno's death. I'm appalled. That is all.
soothes the soul.
It's ok, let it out. The truth will set you free!
#ICantLiveWithout Gods love. If #God is for us, who can be against us?
The "Jesus loves you" one yesterday. o_o
"The boys played very well"
refs drunk on both ends
come see me!! Leave your excuses in Jackson! :)
all dana wants for her birthday is for justin too dm her honestly she deserves it out of all the girls who gets dms from him
I have a diamond after my name at MOAR POWER! // j/k. kinda. // ready to watch/learn/do.
Last day to enter our pumpkin carving contest! Send your photos to us or @ us your link on twitter!
Do not leave lovemaking until just before sleeping! Initiate. He'll appreciate.
Once again stands me up for dinner! Sorry !
"We whats happenin'" when spit the hook, yea; thats how my city weather is at the moment. Wavy
I've had several years and sat through many screenings, which helps to deal with this family crisis
peter allen! you like my videos? there's a whole series of 'em.
i'll say it again: marriage is the leading cause of divorce.
Joe montana was taken in the 3rd round
If I tell you my morning coffee just kicked in, it doesn't mean I just instantly woke up.
Starting off the day w great music!❤🎶💚🎶😄
moral of that story: be a dick. cause dicks always win hahaha
Life is not a static thing. The only people who do not change their minds are incompetents in asylums, and those in cemeteries.
lol same here
Tell me life is beautiful. They think that I have it all.
Chris Rock was right. A man in love only needs one word in his vocabulary: yes. Say that to everything, you're good.
About to get my butt kicked by
The Eastern Conference Finals probably won't go more than five games. The Rangers are so much better than the Devils.
Nicki Minaj's music was tolerable at 1st. Now that she turned into an artist who sounds like a cartoon character w/ADD her music is annoying
You know you're tried as fuck when you had no idea it was Friday, even after reading all the 'It's Friday' tweets.
What is the latest on vince young? Buffalo bills or not?
"I set the timer on the stove - which apparently does other things - for 30 minutes, and start writing." -Karin Slaughter
Community Voices first segment is Karla Gotlieb, VP Community Partnerships, Catalyst Miami
I gotta say, it hasn't improved. Let's hope, early day, etc.
yes! a little slow but really good!
#stormporn or not, has a good play-by-play of developments in #irene from on the ground
Typography, yes. I also believe the entire experience has great pacing throughout.
Thank you SO much for the love & support! #prom fair
#CHIchat in 10 minutes! Chicago Nightclubs is the topic of discussion!
I have a better chance getting a job as Santa's elf than I do finding a
goodness that was fast. Thanks a bunch.
When am I gonna see that pretty face again.
JORDAN HILL! He's saving us bruh.
there is an event tonight at 404 Bryant st
It seems like time is passing by very slow!! :O
Airsoft Marker Used in Your current Airsoft Online games: 1
Beyond Boundaries Promotional Video
Born and bred Brooklyn U.S.A. They call me Adam Yauch but I'm M.C.A.....
Yes, tomorrow we have an awesome interview with Michael tarver with special host GSM is on every week, he's just special. Lol
how did you do??
Gonna go to udf
Taking my mom to Mexican dinner tomorrow and having pie thrown in her face for her Bday. I will laugh!
EFG is looking to fill a graphic design position. Send resumes and work samples to
OtterCreek would be perfect for someone who's always wanted to own their own business...lots of good will!
All of these layers and it really ain't that cold out here at M&T Bank Stadium.
have a good trip, enjoy #MW2012!
RT : Does help Alex Smith, too. Takes pressure off.
Have a great trip!
Perfect, will give you a call soon !
Occupy San Diego this July
Getting ready for my interview with
Same resolution: I am going to leave within my means this year...if I have to borrow money to do it.
If you could invent a new word, what would it be and what would it mean? ;) XD tweet me...:)
{We salute the success of Salman Khan - Great job.}
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Starting to feel extremely sleepy. Staying up till 4am probably wasn't the best idea. But you know what? It was worth it. :)
I miss nyc
I'm so fly I eat eagle food
Damn I feel pretty with no where to go
I'll get Enchanted ready on the TV.
Good luck with the wizard tomorrow. Keeping my fingers & toes crossed for some good news & not too terrible mayhem <3
Time for a deep tissue massage.
My wife and I in napa right now celebrating 22nd anniversary. Staying at fantastic Carneros Inn. Have fun Billy
Hi Bill - thanks for the RT. I love Burgundy but it is a tough region to learn, even if you live there. Best to you!
that's my shit
“: lol I wish I could RT that but my phone won't let me😝” and I said you phone won't let you do what support
Was for me because I had a lot of kiddos working on that skill. I bought the level 2-3 book and a fellow SLP bought level 1.
Showered, gonna straighten my hair for tomorrow in the mean while Star Wars!
setting sun erupting, horizon like a volcano.
Read an article that used the word: Fungible. I had to stop and think: is that really a word? Apparently, yes. Fungible=substitutable. O_o
why don't you see that we are perfect for each other
ok im happy if you're happy
haha ok. Im bored now bye(:
Sure...thats my point Peter - tactical overrides strategic (re: developing talent...) most always MIA... :)
haha we definitely do! Great minds tweet alike. Or something like that.
Annoyed with every..thing. Why so randomly cranky? *cat his!*
She has no prospective of what the big picture really is
so how long will keep you "secret"? I mean, seriously... ha ha. Ya know he has a brother right?
Hi, Kelly! Welcome to Twitter...
So pretty much...Walker pointed out I miss science class more than I'm in science class...
trans dimensional unified field theory physics group now has 101 members
workin... gotta make endless tracks
Association urges Syndicate Bank to ensure better industrial relations
I still dunno what happened to that banana..
yo momma! miss that show
yay :) i want to see pictures!
A connection says he needs a technical PM with experience in IPTV, mobility, and IP video for a multimedia project. DM me if u r interested.
No Ricky # Boys in the Hood
oh my! I've been here for 6 :( do you have an exam tomorrow?
I always enjoy your contributions. I find just reading all the listservs (nearly) overwhelming.
sated up late last night watching TV... that never happens
I'm also a 100% summer lover!.....or, shall I say SUN-Lover!!!
Real Men don't wear Pink, they eat it .(;"
Wish I were there! Enjoy the game and
Just walked by How and Nosm starting a new mural in #dtla -
I couldn't throw a ball n the ocean if I was sitting in a boat- Kobe Bryant Haha he went 0-12 before he hit his 3 baskets vs. the Hornets
A day in Charleston-just happened to show during a Blues Festival!
[PICS] Surf contest for kids in Guatemala to bring awareness for #seaturtle conservation. Thanks to volunteer Trent Hodges.
btw, loved watching you at #LSU man. good luck
We want to hear from ACH members & non-members alike. Ideas about what professional societies can do in & for the DH community? Speak up!
Y'all know I still like the G Wagon
OMG he talkin bout the Saints need to give up their SB title cuz of the bounty shit!
So happy US breaking Pubplic Union chains and corruption.
follow?x
Happy birthday
My birthday is September 11th :)
Did I blow ur mentions up??? ;p
Whenever you tweet something just add BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE to it! -Janan
I'm watching some stupid movie making me cry....
Couldn't stomach that book. And I have a strong stomach! It was TOO much.
Watched 'Sea of Love' w/Pacino & Serpico's next in the queue. I still love you Al despite Gigli.
Hors d’Stone--Enjoyed SD Home Garden home tour party in San Pasqual, especially with Stone Catering’s Chuck Samuelson in charge of event
Felicidades ! Congratulations on your win! You deserve it!
LMAO THIS HOE SAY IF POPEYES WENT OUTTA BUSINESS SHE HONESTLY BELIEVE FAT PPL WILL START A PETITION TO OPEN IT BAKK UP
And I'd love to see how you would thrash me thoroughly you 50 year old smokestack fanboy
thank you kind sir.
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
did I win? Lol
Paging St. Christopher! convinced me to hoof it to work this week in honor of National Walk to Work Day on 4/6.
I hate it when my laptop dies while my favorite song is playing!
Hey (Avey Tare), (Eric Copeland), and thanks for the show on Sunday!
Come on out! Launch & Learn: drop-in hands-on workshops for all ages. 2-4pm this Saturday. Enjoy the View!
almost perfect night: layin up in bed, listenin 2 music, writin w/e comes out my head, n chillin... jus missin a down ass chick
Was on a flight today with John Salley. And I thought I needed an exit row!
I was hoping it was gonna say ATLANTIS
Dragons breathe fire because they're full of constipation.
I guess 'Go Bruins'....RT : The 6 teams that will advance to team finals are Alabama, Florida, UCLA, Utah, Arkansas and Stanford.
Duff on dancing with the stars >>>
I haven't even showered yet! Hahah
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back. =)
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day! I have my babies around me, oh what a wonderful day! :) Have a Great Day!
BTW- my dream to reach by 30 was compete in an open water swim...I swam 1 mile in the Atlantic ocean last June to accomplish:)
Now finally at the cashier and the system is down....geeezzzzzlouisssseeee
Need to get inspired with some great music to get me moving. Time to get
I just want to go home. Finals are making me grumpy.
Ignorance may be bliss, but does it have to be continually celebrated all over daytime television?
Enjoy ! Let's go Have fun at the Clash at Comerica!
He went down on u once and stood u up multiple times.. And u claim u two are in love...haha
Day of Promotion TODAY!. Send me anything and I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever. Promotion Wednesday from #WubOneOut !
I am indeed my brutha hbu RT I hope my fam are having good weeks.
Then you responded to my tweet today & I realized it was you because of Derrick and Diante. I'm glad you're well. God is Good!
waiting for fireworks to start on the Vegas strip. then a quick walk to the parking lot to watch them...
What do you call someone staying in on a fri night drinking beer, eating ultimate nachos from Bdubbs, and watching TV? ME!
looks like i am going to Lorrettas to bring home some medals this year. 2 straight months of training and no beer.. damb...
90s flashback: Head Like a Hole. Whole crowd in on this one... 'Bow down before the one you serve!!'
Trucks unloading in NYC!!!Order now and save $50 on travelling and $10 on labor!!!
Just read/listened to .'s interview with about the Great stuff in there.
Per : Bard's start is being skipped, but he is available to pitch the eighth tomorrow
On last chapter of Create Dangerously by Edwidge Danticat. Why do some books have to end?
says this is the golden age of amateur experts
Please support and follow our new team, The New York Lady Rebels! Email us @ for open calls to become a member!
Only the falling have to get back up again
- thanks for the coupon. I'll come visit next time I'm in NYC!
Maybe if you weren't a pill head then you could actually eat.
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it
bad idea u do u
what are your thoughts on hulk hogan and brock Lesner, and Layla el ?
get rocks my socks off trending <3
Amazed how many people drive the wrong way up 8th street in North Philly
About to go chill with my dude and Darius....
when a baseball bat doesn't work, try marijuana.
just was checking on u, I was thinking about coming down there
Come celebrate the New Year at the most beautiful venue in New York. 28th of December is the last day to book a table:
21 Million Beliebers !!!! :D i am so proud of you and i am so proud of being a Belieber. I love you <3
he is such a key player though. So much talent. Rangers will devour them though. Especially after last game.
Awesome! As of 8:16 am on October 08, 2011, my mailing parcel was successfully sent. Thanks USPS mail!
its way to hot!
Dinner at dawgs and hawgs. Best burger on the square in McKinney!
After the affected area, Red Line trains moving quite well.
Yet again, no paper. Sigh. Why is this so hard? Weekday delivery, that's all I want.
I'm not used to it. Hate this. Do it only four weeks a year when my co-worker is on vacation.
At the PV Marching Band exhibition. Should be interesting lol.
And Indianapolis did do a great job as host, just hope it continues and everything they did doesnt end because the game is over
Join our coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate can i SEX you imma respect you and not say FUCK you
Hint wink nudge RT : Wouldn't it be fun if #POD12 offered mobile whiteboards for collaboration...?
I just assumed with this whole BofA $5 fee implementation I will just use cash more often
No records at City Outdoor meet yet but sun came out and rain is gone. Will be a cool night. Last year it was in the 80s and humid.
The Paper Box is currently looking for bands/musicians/artists to book starting in May. Please e-mail us at
Saying I couldn’t do it was the biggest lie they ever told –
“: Johnny Damon????????” Is nomar garciaparra available too?
When I touch mile I see the man scatta, scatta as if I had a clutch on a magnum!
Hey tweeters :-) Could u follow my friend she just joined twitter. I promised u won't regret it.
if u don't take that pic of that boy off of there I'm gonna slap u across where face. :-)
my pops wanted to scare me i suppose! There was a clown for my 3rd birthday and I ran away crying.
Great cause for mansion and wonderful fost. We've voted!
Keynote talk of about participation in GLAM
W.tntfightscancer.com I'm about to be auctioned off. Check it.
Birthday wish number 723,435 comes from Los Angeles! Have a good one!
Thanks for the #Follow & #ShineYourDivine Looking forward to your tweets!
here we go Steelers Here we go!!!!
my fav sport is watching u !! Your fast amazing gorgeousee xx and yet u don't follow mee ?? Will that be happening this year?X
Joyfully reading the reviews of last nites drama and hormone packed the bachelor. Oh the joys of being unemployed and brain dead!
yeah that's what I'm thinking.. but new and shiny and different could be fun.. or it could suck ;P haha.. thanks girl :)
Clear eyes, full hearts......
I've taken the day off to lie around in the sun (:
Tilson's complicated. He's not a mensch in his writing, but he's a (public) jerk worthy of conversation with.
How r you celebrating Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday today? Volunteering? Random act of kindness? It's not too late to get started!
*smiles a bit*
Guess what ? :)
Delicious coffee from for today's at !
It's always bacon time
Loving that the ad I'm looking at right now has 2 Seahawks & a on it!
its been a while!
I am cheating on you.
Those are some ill tshirts.
disco biscuits
lol see there you go being mean .
My grandmas&grandpas cemetary place is right accross from the kids section, we saw a young girl with her father crying by one
did not but sounds delicious
Down the rabbit hole.
RT : W. W. Hagerty Library and Library Learning Terrace to stay open 24/7 through weekend. Any changes will be posted online.
No girl! You just P out the extra! (lol)
"inventor" is a stretch. "popularizer" is probably more appropriate. he owes a lot to schaeffer, henry, etc.
Love the typo Penny!
What was your organization’s original rationale for offshoring to low-cost countries (LCCs)?
Who is your favorite singer on the voice? Mine is Dia! Everything about her is so sweet.
I've never had a day with as much potential as today.
by crossing the finish line this weekend, both of you are guaranteed a PR.
LMAO I know so cheesy but adorbs because he can do no wrong in my book
Damn... how i love San Pellegrino water!
Fuck all that planning shit/ run up in they crib and make them cats abandon ship
Today I saw my homie drop his broken Iphone 4 In the willamte river this nigga is crazy!?
officially wins my vote for best NHL player on twitter. You are awesome and made my night with the retweet!
Will cull, cullor code, add to cullection.
Sleeping with sun screen on..
tipsy tweet
We hit a wall and we can't get over it
There's so many pedos that I don't even remember following in the first place...
It's an iPod/iPhone app where you get rewards for watching TV
flawless hair... That was circa 2003... sent me the the b/w auto addressed to "Beaver"
Three hour delay and counting
I LOVE when my ankles randomly give out when I walk :(
am i invisible to you...
Agreed! If I was a guy and that existed, I totally would have rushed Kappa Tau!
is it ok to miss u so much that I'm eating an entire box of Oreos
Hey now...
LOL RIGHT?? loll
Um, you are awesome! Can't wait.
Games canceled boys
Nervous for her now, I hope she makes it through.
TONIGHT! Loving Cup & present + Zodiac Death Valley + B. Hamilton. 8:30pm/$14 at the door. Don't be late!
Idris Elba should've been the new Jason Bourne.
Egg white is the mgd64 of omelettes
thanks guys!
Hell Yeah!!
I luv women....
The average person has over 100 hidden talent but typically use 3-10 of them.
Thank you so much for replying back to me! I'm glad that there's already something in the works! You guys are awesome!
putik!!! no distractions please!!!!
on th3 p3 playin call of duty black ops
RT : It's Monday! Start off your week with a Damn Good Burger & a Everyman Afterall cocktail
Love and miss you guys so much! God Bless
.'s Tech demo is titled" "everything I know about mobile privacy in 30 min or less"
RT : Mothers Day Brunch at The Park !!! Reserve today call 732.739.2002
it's cuz I love you!
Social media rule no. 2: don't take yourself too seriously / so so true
You better be taking one too - Hope you are in the studio coming up with a hit!!
...like george clooney.
I will rule the word
20 minute trainings! I like that idea.
Dumb sun needs to come out.
Thanks! I credit 4 creating a dynamic group and enduring business model with !
You know you're a college student when... You know the pizza delivery guy by name.
“: I feel like I'm becoming really mean to everyone.” your Fucking messed up O:< too
First day of volunteering at The Art of Video Games!!!
i just talked to him, told him to call you!!! But we need to rap nigro
Many a false step was made by standing still. Keep smiling.
I can't stand posers, they annoy the fuck out of me. omg go die
we're not "acting" this isn't drama class.
I'm simple. I love doin' simple things. N I luv spontaneous girls.
Good morning world! Have the best day ever!
Suffering from a lack of Sunday football? What's your personal method of coping?
I'm speaking and doing Q&A at Strand books on Bway and 12th St on the Thurs, Jan 26 at 7 pm.
Also proud of my brother. <3.
Back from Arizona and home to a chilly Milwaukee.
Found the shirt i'm wearing to Warped!
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 27:01 with Nike+ GPS.
did that really just happen asdfgheiuhfopuwfnvuufa :O
"Enjoy Every Sandwich" Warren Zevon 1947-2003. Keeping WZ in our Hearts.
I love you ok
nikka are y'all ready
how's it coming over there? Figure out the winning line?
I don't. I assume Looking for the King: An Inklings Novel has been reviewed?
there wasn't when I ordered in February. But it's getting closer to football season... :-/
haha, no offense taken, man.
i'm considering heading to the Science Club for Yuri's night antics & drinking
Listen to what people say when they're mad, thats when the truth comes out.
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I just saw a woodpecker it's soo tiny and cute >D
At this AM speaking at The Philanthropy Workshop
WE CAN DO IT
you can do it :)
It's ya boy use to bus you up at the y
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters. Love this, so true.
might be there soon. playing on bovada, but need chippies!
Back from Palm Springs. Great trip. Only hiccup was not knowing TSA's 3-1-1 Rule and half of my favorite face lotions were tossed in trash
Looking forward to seeing and live simulcast
Is anybody else as happy as I am that Jaime Lee Curtis is normal? There's nothing like taking a healthy shit.
can you please please follow mee" :D ♥
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you exfoliate, moisturize, and wax - it's the perfect skin trifecta!
I love you! :) we need a cousins day lol
We have vegan "beef"!
The article in the NYTimes on Thom Thibodeau is fantastic. Makes a guy like me not feel so odd lol. Not a big NBA fan but will watch him now
2night JERESY SHORE Party Live @ CLUB RIO! Laser Show!! Doors open at 9pm! Only $10 B4 11pm Vip Almost Sold Out! Dont miss out!
I hope u feel better soon
Health IT nation gathered at #oncmeeting. Watch live
Thanks for the support! Make sure to download our new single on iTunes May 22nd
The Constitution sets forth no specific requirements.
get me one haha
HATER . Stop sippin on that hater-ade, it's bad for your health.
When my mom flips out cause o don't clean my room #whocares!
Followed 30 people so far! 160 to go! (i think?..) lol
#shiticantstand girls with bad body walking around in leggings and a thong showing.. -_-
Thanks for the Friday love!
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Do your own SEO, SEM & Social Media Marketing or find a good SEO company. They are as hard to find as top Google ranks
nervous about me? Remember that I've read your fic before ... It's all good.
RT : Tommy, if you and Rich fought and Dave Van Horne Anchorman style, who'd win?
So incredibly happy. Thanks for sharing a fabulous season with me tweeps!
Nice to meet you! Hope all is well.
either works, but "you can also see him on tv" is more natural
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE ----> Get it trending !
Firing up the new washing machine. Let's hope trips to the laundromat are history.
Planned my Disneyland Grad Nite with today! Gonna be so much fun :D
They need to run into some white supremacist zombie killing army/militia led by a one handed guy LOL:P~..but
Well, you can't blame someone for what they don't know (and therefore couldn't act on).
Thank you to these new followers! EROCK
2011 has just really gotten started for us...we are still looking for promoters to help us get the word out!
#MittRomney wants to take healthcare out of the hands of federal bureaucrats and give it back to state bureaucrats.
Just finished grading a stack of midterms. Whew! Two stacks of grading done, two to go...
I can do without these cheesy 'Glee like sing alongs on
I mean, we had a lot of Dukes of Hazard merchandise (like a "Boss Hogg for President" t-shirt), but that seems tasteful now.
What's your objective in using them? Your thoughts about each?
Cant wait to see on 106&park tomorrow. I'm 21 and am not ashamed that 143 Mindless Behavior.
next time I'm burning everything.
it connects me, i get some creative/interestg responses, i sometimes learn something & some folks like them & i like readg thm
Almost time for Shameless.
The #Ravens defense fell apart late last night. They barely escaped with that Win
When my mom texts me random shit that have no meaning lol
So grateful for the brave men and women who serve our country. Happy Veterans Day!
yes. When a mission is set to launch and there is no toilet around.
My ex can't accept the fact that Bumblebee (The Transformer) will never love her.
Thank You Mr. Manning. Colts had Manning and Titans had Young/Collins and you are proud that you won 2 out of last 4??
there's maybe a handful of country songs that don't make me want to vomit, but other than that... garbage
Reached a twitter limit on my other account.. Oh well it was worth it :)
success in red square with latkes today! get ready for tacos and torah tomorrow at 5pm!
come back into my life soon!!!!!
"The world is blessed most by men who do things, not by those who merely talk about them."
Thank you!
Leaving tomorrow, eh? Why do I have the feeling that we'll be 5 minutes apart on highway 29 again?
Fashion fades, only style remains the same. -Coco Chanel
Hell, I still play hot lava.
The whole state of Ohio is dominating
thank you baby <3 & good i was jus lookin out for you cause i care you know ? Happy mothers day baby
I hate when people tweet or DM me spammy stuff like wtf did I do to you lol
Happy first day of Spring!!
true true. U still at skool
why is my neighbor mowing their lawn at 11pm.
happy new year
alright. Imma make my way over there at like 2:30
Need Tissue Sales Engineers? Yep, it's an obscure find but we'll blow them outta' the box for you!
Rest in peace Nate Dogg..
With all the digital ways of sharing contact info, it seems like sharing a business card should be extra special and include a cupcake.
I need to get me some
everyone that follows for me , gets a shoutout <3
Me too! I'll actually care about names when she gets rid of a few. Lol
Practice during the daylight hours? Unheard of.
cauae everyteam goes thru their good times & bad times barcelona happens to be goen thru their good time rught now it wont last
aw <3 :) Happy I did !! But I just tell the truth!!!!
Crush on #JohnIrving steady as ever but now having tiny crush on Kevin Moriarty. Perfect host!
What would i do without my brothers
I'm not spam, just a college student busting her ass.
#ArtFact: Michelangelo painted over 300 figures on the Sistine Chapel ceiling each one of them unique.
Wow ! I love dad but , seriously -.-
Wasn't sure what the hashtag would be for today's #NERCOMP event; had to ask around. Very glad is so visible!
1st day training on #Revit - AWESOME! you guys rock!
Not yet. It's been rainy in Boston, so I don't think I could handle it. But it's been sunny today, so I will now :)
6 more follower and I'll do the drawing for FREE LAP DANCES!!
one sounds more enjoyable than the other... :-)
What do you tag the road that Obama lives on?
Don't know what im wearing
thank u n know u gon get the 1st notice to dowload that joint Im hopin the website is up by then too
SL5: Pivot is really cool; great for BI dashboard apps.
A valiant effort but Ohio U falls to #1 seed UNC in OT 73-65.
RT : Bullying and it's consequences, free lecture today at UNM Continuing Ed by Young-shin Kim 8:30am - 10am.
"The Conservative Party today is essentially the Reform Party" ~ on #LPC Council of Presidents call
aw I want to meet you to Kyle <3 and our other buddy :) Luv u both :)
In her 1951 Beverly Carlton apt, Norma Jeane had Munch's, 'The Scream' up for some frames by John Florea...
hahah want to help me we will get unlimited tic tacs
compliment. via tumblr.
VW targets more Argentine success
Lol who knows? Maybe we are twins ;) Lol wait that sounded creepy. Especially with that smiley. :'D
#ExpertVisibilityTip: To grow your visibility, you have to expand your own bandwidth. Delegate! Focus on what ONLY you can do.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama tactics like Brownshirts--Send in mob/thugs and stop democracy. Demonstrate, yes. Shut down democratic processes, no.
I have big plans tonight including some QT with my final, , and an entire plate of cookies.
I know! Nat and I were in rehearsal I'm so upset. I'm sure it was
Hey, is that some Ayden-ish hair?
Drunk guys at the venue... Lol.
never ever enough beets
Working on my New Year's resolutions. What are yours??
Learning the twitter "ropes"!! Not a pro, and not very stable (certifiable)!!
#FF Calling all Philly StarCraft and Beer lovers. Follow
lil mama what chu doin what's up up up up?
Excess budget to use by 9/30? Invest in your preservation or records management programs with equipment or scanning services from Crowley.
Stella was playing with her moose for 2 hours last night! Moose!!
Austin's cover of 'someone like you' is going up on YouTube tomorrow (Friday) RT if you're excited
thanks for the RT!
Do not use logic or really even engage with other customers at the airport when in ANY line.
RT “: the #USArmy Facebook timeline is A.W.E.S.O.M.E. Role model for other agencies”
I know what you did last
Thing after thing after thing after thing. is it worth it? No
What is your style? Casual? Classy? Elegant?
“We save the world by being alive ourselves.” - Joseph Campbell
Live alligator, armadillo and sandhill cranes on the interstate - Florida!
But hey! We played great this year..so I congratulate them! I love baseball...and baseball players. One of my favorite sports.♥
Happy Boxing Day & a special thank you to everyone that purchased from www.mypuppypads.com for their holiday travels!
what an ingeniously funny test ! The atheists would have loved it.
Jus had to tell moms this > "Don't worry mama I'll never bring home ah basic bitch or hoe you got my word mother!"
hey amara how ya doing? Have u seen the new ep yet? I don't want to spoil anything but it was really good
Yes, but Obama isn't morbidly obese. Christie's weight will hold him back, not his bigotry.
It's obviously lets see how many people can ignore stop signs day
it's fucking snowing someone better buy me a shot for coming to this shit
No im not but thanks! (:
I find him highly annoying...
M hi
Yup. My best guess is that she got really pissed off when I texted her when she was 15 minutes late & decided to blow me off.
GOOD MORNING BRO BRO! Mad Love, continue 2 be BLESSED, & have splendid day!
we hope you enjoyed the lemonade yesterday! :)
Now in Atlanta for a 4 hour layover
5 days until Repeal Day. Let's party like it's 1933!
Car show this weekend I do not have to work I'm as good as there
Tomorrow is the last day to buy a spring 12 shirt so hit me up if you want one
Iva ily, and who does World Peace's lineup that shit nice, i can't hate...
Noted. Back to you soon on that.
I just searched for "Dick Clark New Year's" and one of the ads said "Looking for Antiques? When it's on your mind, it's on eBay."
i've been a DN fan since the beginning of the melo era. i've watched them make it out of the 1st round once. i'm a true fan.
just sounded hilarious!!!!
akxbvxnnzn I Know!!! The thought makes me akxblNhjj¡!!!!!!!!
All I want is a baguette and butter. Nom nom nom.
RT : Todays music ain't got the same soul
At Apple bees about to hit up lenox. Dolo I Dnt need no side kick! I'm good!
I have nothing going on today. I am getting a ride in the downtown direction for basically no reason now.
I wanna watch Aladdin now. Lol
It is unfair to believe everything we hear about lawyers, some of it might not be true.
I'm not a fucking role model.
Heat vs Lakers is what the World wants. Undeniable.
lol SO CUTE.
hahaha. That's too funny. No worries. I know y'all have lots of friends. My time will come one of these days.
Ah that's better
hey thanx for following me :)
a guy who loves purple , talks just as much as me , eats all day long , and can make me laugh
not bad. It's suppose to be eggs and olive oil , but in India beggars can't be choosers lol.
We are thrilled you could make it and hope you find the sessions interesting and productive.
Guys I'm at mad mex happy hour and I'm about to get my meet and greet on.
it is, I was in the holiday mood, but I am a little worried it will dry out before the big day!
cover of Boyfriend is just asdfghjklszxdfghjkl!!! i love him!!<3
Did you know this is the LAST American tour for Riverdance? Recording an interview with principal dancer Jason O'Neill to find out why.
I say we just use the black costumes!
even better! I have cramps like a motherfucker.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO ON YA ANDROID AND CRUNKFORCHRIST ARE ,Are on ya laptop ,
You showed last night's crowd what grace in action looks like.
Hey hey.... Back to reality.
thanks bae! What up
maybe everybody passed
it a Strawberry blush lol thought it was white owell I'm a smash that
Balotelli cracks me up.
If you don't have an icon made by you're a loser.
“ #Libra loves a challenge at times.”
Gotta love Tom Brady's 'sidehawk'! I can see Gisele telling him how to style his hair and him replying, "Yes, dear".
Under 2 hours before I'm off for 5 days.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you jump when a cute boy opens a door as you are walking up to it and he laughs at you
They are coming to take me away hahahoho to the funny writers farm hoohoo!
I dont even know Serena just keeps calling me/herself it
Repurposing,upcycling,salvage,re-use,recycle,trash to treasure- call it what you will, there's gold in them there hills, LOL, and it's free!
Tyler Perry's Good Deeds has aa wonderful message...very humbling..please support this film
where the ketchup and classic pickles at. East Memphis shit ..... Cheese only lmao
Play is Garbo's Cuban Lover @ Macha Theatre. By Odalys Nanin. Ever hear of it? She's amazing. Will be sure to send u info.
Breakfast of champions: Pixie Stix and a red bull. my lambo is blue!!!
French class needs to stop
Thank you to Gene Winter for the more than 25 years of #econdev service you gave Greater Richmond & to Happy retirement!
sorry pep but it's true. I was hoping for a celtics/lakers final but I guess we have to wait until next year
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: How to get support.
I cant wait to see you again<3
I'm sittin here in school. Bored. And jamming to music:)
If you think you can break me, baby you crazy I make my own sunshine :)
We'd be two cool straight dudes married together.
Me-took a bite of her cake
My heart go's out to the victims of the earthquake in Japan. Let's do what we can to give them the support they need.
