Great day with and demonstrating new data collection technology!
Dreaming with Joanides calling me Pocahontas at a trial lmfao.
I don't regret the things I've done, i regret the things i didn't do when i had the chance
I love the fact that my chest and abs are naturally bare of hair (: just hope it stays that way!!!
Can't Wait Till Summer Breakk Bro ( :
#SCMS12 Agloro on media production + community service meets grades 6-12 standards that are in many disciplines (not media standards).
#stopbullying see LIVE now
Please keep my fellow Tucsonans in your prayers. Thoughts and prayers to those who lost their lives and those who are recovering.
I love goldfish.
nope! Exactly 2 months before #BELIEVE . What's up?
im higher than dinosaur pussi
You ever have your mind so set on something that when you don't get that thing you feel like a failure.
Very weird... Just had a phonecall from an anonymous young woman (actively anonymous) asking whether she needed to cite x, y, z.
Well gang going on a new job interview today. Wish me luck. It looks like Avatar may be the next step in the future of movie making.
I want to go back to sleep!!:(
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Where is a good place to get sushi in South Tampa?
im just not tired tonight.. owell
yeah, fat chance
I got you :3 I'm just gonna go next weekend
try singing...it's like instant auto-tune! RT I think that you are never too old to talk into a fan to hear ur robot voice.
What's happeningin sd
B12 wont go to 11. If they expand for 2013 then 12 is magic number. 11 is decided but needs a partner better than cincy. We tried, sorry
The most expensive phone number sold was cell phone number 666-6666, auctioned off for charity in Qatar. It sold for $2.7 million.
well im sure we can get a group together. Friday the 10th is fireworks and student id night.
my understanding is that Jefferson was a Deist who believed Jesus thought of himself ....as a Deist, not a messianic figure.
I just rub myself with Cheeto dust.
Agreed! RT : Beginning of a needed discussion w/ Don't let it drop Let's work on it
Your making me hungry, Adam!
If I had $10k, I would not even come close to paying off my student loans. Hooray!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
Going to bed right now, feel like death :(
It's official: #Facebook files for IPO to raise $5 Billion
the ticket says Doug loves boobies. Except it's really Doug loves movies. So it's like wordplay. Get it.
Tonight's Free Play Specials: Incredible Hulk shots & the Tomb Raider Dog topped w/ carrots, cilantro, peanuts, sprouts & peanut sauce!!
Who's more important to #Bulls title run? Boozer or Rip? Who you got?
I just told some stuff I thought I'll never tell to no one!!!
bodega breakfast
Haven't check it yet. Anything new to share?
you better meet me in the hallway after this for #TwerkTeamThursday practice
I only have twitter for and
IMMA KEEP VOTING CAUSE I WANT THAT USTREAM FROM YOU GUYS...IM A DEDICATED MINDLESS FAN!!!!!FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE:):):)
whats god girl ;p
My grandpa likes to party to much man..like damn😳
Tuesday= the only day I don't have a midterm exam this week... Does the school not realize this harmful to my well-being?!
should come play a song or two for my cousins benefit at the Mansfield fat daddy's. got too much country over here ha!
Look at me now.Look at me now.I'm gettin TAPERED!
Holy shit! This may be the best thing I've ever heard on the radio!
RT:Welcome to H-Town!! >>
Thanks man.
when r u comin to miami of nyc?? <3 plzz follow me?
Start your New Year’s resolution early with our orchard salad, served with crisp pears, apples, and green goddess dressing!
This could be true, don't test me! ": If a #Scorpio woman gets mad at you, she will break your face."
i was just thinking about the week ahead of me....we may need to get cheesies tomorrow night...thoughts?
we found love in a soapless place . HAHAHAHA
There are good people out there in world, surround yourself with them and see yourself grow.
That bitch was fuckin me& suckin me at
Hello Taryn: You have some very nice material. I hope you have a great weekend.
Check out our auction tonight at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 505-344-4330
Who would have thought the thing that would give me good grades was a little hard work.
nun. Wass good
Map #semantic #networks for corporate #reputation, #branding, #image with full semantic network or list of include words/phrases
Big News--$2 Tacos to be offered on Thursdays starting this week! Get them Tuesdays&Thursdays!
Great job playing Snooki. -
Roll the dope. I'm ready to get zooted
Thanks for the mention! and the beautifully printed cards.
I hear you JBB!!!
Inside joke is inside.
wish I could attend. First year that I will not be present
excited for you guys
Moving offices today. Giving up lots of space to gain a window. Think it's worth it? I feel lucky just to have an office. And a job.
what's the word?
Hearing multiple songs on the radio back to back that just piss you off more.
Should i do 10 facts about myself? :)
Is it a question of more or less? I think the question is filler-meat stories vs. actual investigations of crime.
thanks so much!
Nana wanted me to tell you she loves her leopard poncho you got her for Christmas, Nana and papa say they love you
Watching 16 & pregnant not only wants to make me wanna wait til im older to have kids, but its making me wanting no kids at all.
seeing on #TheVoice tonight brought back some great childhood memories for me!! You sang your ass off, cheering for ya!!
i suppose ill let that slide lol
Thanks for the recommendation and happy birthday!
Just some things you don't say to or about your friend
Put a gun to my head and paint the walls with my brains, put a gun to my head and paint the fucking walls
If you got Nothin nice to say, then don't say anything at all.
And #JMC335 is finished. Well, sans the final projects I have to grade. It was a wonderful and educational experience.
RT : Let’s get this party started!
Nice day in Columbia
had so much fun floating the Sandy river for your birthday! Now on to $2 beers at East Burn. What a great day!
yes, that would be weird, but I hope she does it anyway. :)
lol um do u know how much it cost??
With great weather all over the country did anyone get out and enjoy some park or patio time this weekend?
Happy Halloween everyone! I saved the best Halloween party for last - tonight
I wouldn't mind camping out at school the night before our last day.
RT Really? I'll bite : Don't be a jackhole, tweet something w/ #MKETwestivalCares tag. gets a dollar.
First time in a while a cigarette actually tasted good.
Life changing XFACTOR go chris, melanie, josh awesome
I will be working some evenings this week to finish up some floor cleaning work in 651.
you can't help being a geek. lol
Meeting of the African American Men on the Hill. breaking down the Senate Judiciary Committee.
HE BEAT IT LIKE A COP!
haha I would be happy to share my limited knowledge of that fine drink!
Suns rising while ya...
#GreysAnatomy was....just wow!
I'm picturing soggy sheep & trying not to laugh. Honest! RT The sheep are very vocal today. Think they're probably very soggy
On da bus nd its slow
he really isnt even that good though. Only reason he is famous is because of an Ex wife. That is so lame.
He sometimes makes me wanna be 's religion. Like reeeaaalllyyyyy
Navin Chaddha and Tim Chang Named to Forbes Midas List of Top Tech Investors
I'll tell you where I am, if you tell me where you are.
I'm dying to know the context here.
Boo birds out in philly first period was pathetic lucky only to be down 1
Blessings and Rewards are always on the other side of Commitment!
Battle of kid tablets #ces #kap2012 - wide range of features (cameras, video, connectivity, expansion) & prices. Who helps parents choose?
have you found yourself a place to live?
Even the most desperate life is oh so wonderful.
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bandS monopoly bread and i hit up fat trel bookin HOPEN HE COME
I feel like an anti-flag song is to blame but I can't remember which one
Ok klout tells me now that I am influential about homosexuality, Chicago, and technology. Still strange, but that works I guess.
Rail mail #haiku for Poetry Month: Shrieking train whistle / Quick sorting, sorting, sorting / Cozy, warm mail bag
- follow me ;p
GOODMORNING TO ALL
I am a student at GCC. The piano is being played EVERY DAY by MANY people. Nice to see it getting tuned today too!
It's the sort of thing that i suppose is in some markets conceivable. In that area, in that building, darn near unpossible.
Santos down 2-0 with 44 minutes gone in the second half. And tied it . Good by Tigres. Rayados vs Santos
Thanks, Bob!
Getting ready for another amazing day of cooking
Despondent about Daniel Schorr's passing. 9:10AM Saturday mornings just won't be the same.
Agree w/ re "direct engagement" in #LatinAmerica to counter #Iranian influence & #DrugCartels. RT
i'm loving that pic of you and Perez! :D
She was built with some swagger
Kentucky doesn't need to blow it 😡
I could write a book on #fitness and #weightloss if you or anyone you know needs any tips feel free to RT or msg. I love sharing knowledge.
Ok im gonna check it out
are you trying to get me excited for friday??
Fill it in: Figueroa's + ____ = One great day!
Just arrived Wifi exists but everyone seems to be downloading movies or something.
#mtiprivacy discussing Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights recently introduced by the White House.
Looks like another beautiful day ahead for the midwest. Sunny and 80's
What Patrick be smoking ?
Woohoo! It's gonna go down that day! #partylikerockstars Oh wait, Hance is already a rock star. :P
funny stuff!
Aiiiiiiiiight! By yourself?
haha. Ops. Sorry.
Hoping April showers bring May flowers!
picture please !?;)
You use to be amazing... Then you changed.
RT #Management thought of the day: #Appearance can't make a manager #successful, but can unnecessarily sabotage one.
Doing fine thankfully my phone still works. Hope to be online soon but thankfull to be alive!
Pretrial hearing for alleged Christmas Tree bomber filled with talk of undercover agents, secret recordings and potentially classified info
I don't believe in human contact.
MU waterski team's pasta fundraiser is tomorrow at the 2040 lofts from 5 to 7 pm. All you can eat pasta, salad and dessert!
Are you going to get off of the computer anytime soon?
RT : Dr Cerf tkng TV product placement 2 interactive experience through IPTV - links 2 store dn the road & says it's in stock.
The secret of all great undertakings is hard work and self-reliance. Gustavus F. Swift -
is your dj this evening at HAVEN SOUTH BEACH...it's about to go down hard tonight people, see tonight! Great set is planned!
GLENN BECK TO END HIS SHOW!!!
Because mellio2 needs a Twitter account.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
I got back to seattle at 10 pm and it was a small plane so we had to walk outside and I thought I was gonna freeze even tho it was 50°....
there's no "R" in chicago AND no "S" in Illinois
Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +10 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Thanks--love WU!
Cats don't understand physics.
promise him something he loves immediately after
Good morning #Pasco! What's happening around the #tampabay area today?
Fuck it, I'm putting a bunch of my own fucking music on really loud and banging my head
you are not a tweeting machine. Let's see you make double digits through on your tweet count.
That's what's up.
are you going to the food truck thing at VHS?
Project X = craziness
woke up. Didn't know what day it was. Realized was Sunday... nice.
I think the UC crowd is quiet because they're refraining from booing.
can't hook you up w/ july 6 tix (once they go on sale its outta my hands) try getting a bleacher seat if any are left?
your welcome:) I love watching your videos, by the way your kind of cute:]
Hey Jer! Gonna call you this week-got a few events coming up!
Check out the brains on u! haha
Over 50% of the house for Friday night is sold! Yahoo!
I can't wait to get up to to start prepping for the concert tonight! This is gonna be off the charts!
We can dance if we want to!
Yum! RT : and the iberico ham! RT : A1. I'd love to rediscover the magic of Sevilla, Spain again and again.
Lovin Life and the people in it!
You can't get too comfortable and you can't catch feelings too quickly.
that ribbon of dehydrated rhubarb is genius! And tasty!
Interesting about #Cloud strategy.
you need to watch the other episodes!!
FoxNews: Best Buy said its former chief executive Brian Dunn -- who abruptly resigned in April following allegations of an affair with a
Chain cost the coupe🚗, coupe cost tha crib🏠, ridin with the choppa🔫 like its ma friend! 👯👫
Dream on dreamer
I have been crying and crying for weeks...
They have it in Oregon, but it's pricey and only comes in cans.
One of our clients was killed in a hit and run accident yesterday. 3 drivers hit her and left her. what the hell is wrong with people?
Hm From the bloodshed in #Syria to Nick Cannon. *sigh* Americana.
I have to admit I love those two… especially the first
MUST FOCUS
Home sweet home! Let's see who wins between the Pats and Broncos
see also: woof (wolf), pi'cher (picture), etc
RT : Had a great time on the panel with Good times>Yes So fun!
annex was just as poppin as quad. don't front.
these peeps can fry my bacon anytime
Must See TV! RT nflnetwork Coming your way next, NFL's Greatest Games: #SB13 (8pm ET) vs
I think one of the best ways of measuring outcomes is to ask those teens who take part what they got out of the program.
Happy New Year!! Come party with Vegas' HOTTEST Showgirls and ring in the new year right! We're here 'til 6am, guys...
Justin bieber
game day ...get focused!
Mosquito bites in March. Oh brave, new world that has such insects in it!
Don't forget to text your glove vote today! Text READS to 86132
That GOONIES Movement coming in t minus
#imagine you are on a plane and austin is kissing you down the neck. you: omg... austin: shhh, no one will hear you. ;]
The Panthers also can clinch the Southeast Division with a win against Winnipeg and a Washington regulation loss on Monday in Tampa Bay.
I love getting peircings, but I never keep the peircing in long. Getting my cartilage peirced Friday. 😊👂👈👍
haha (: do you like cody simpson? ^^
Strategic HR is achieved "Beyond HR" per in his Transformative HR session at
I remember manuscript boxes redolent of cigar smoke, but dried coldcuts are something else entirely. Ewwwww.
What do you #grill most often? Beef, chicken, or fish?
I have heartburn. I'm gonna die.
RT : TIP- Successful home businesses are fueled by good marketing, lead generation & VALUE on the front end
- we are thrilled to have you aboard as the moderator for the next CNN Dialogues!
RT : Yul #Kwon #survivor cook island winner, joins us to talk about his new adventure on Tweet ur questions now
FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM @ mahomie14 ADD ME ON KIK SAME USER NAME <3
And now I am again sitting alone.
Ah, sorry--should have been in previous tweet (4/3)
Welcome to twitter :)!
luv u girl
Help the world today - because you never know if you will be able to help tomorrow!
I am aware that success is more than a good thought. It is timing too.
“: nice gear.” Thanks! Lots more coming soon...full website should be up and open for business very soon.
#Vegan chipotle tomato and red pepper soup today!
Right? It's a little frustrating. Time for some independent RDA studyin'.
nah, i'm cool... RT : Y'all Want Some New Lola?
listening to , so bored, iyiyi xD
NBA is almost back? Nigga why am I giving them a chance again?
Earlier I cleaned my windshield with window cleaner and a maxi pad.
Already sayin we're cheating
using the mr. clean nickname...nice
I just wish I still had that one person I can go to for everything, the one I could call mine !
How Freud duped the church: , who promotes friendships btwn married men and women, responds to :...
Come on calvin you know you want to hang out with friends!
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness & LOVE
Go easy on the syrup! Have a happy!!!
Welcome back graduate students. "The doors of wisdom are never shut." ~ Benjamin Franklin
Your face rocks!
ahh that's true. so many girls are dressing up really nice for them though. afterwards, i'm roaming all of tampa to find them.
I am going to have to start watching revenge if you are on it.
Thank goodness the Brewers are done with the always incredibly difficult to deal with future Hall of Famer Jeff Suppan.
When you look at it from Arthur's point of view....the camelot sort of sucked....
How'd you get so fly? From not being afraid to fall out of the sky. Yeah Jay Z.
happy to have live here for #Reidandfiorentino golf classic.
don't you ever let me do karaoke again.
The museum is open today and Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Come celebrate your days off school with us!
I swear, I have to get my hair permanently straightened again this summer. Florida doesn't like my hair.
thanksgiving break, i will get videos uploaded. on hopefully most of my channels. c:
"Stepping higher" gives us a better vantage point, a clearer view not only of where we have been, but where it is best to go.
omg yes it was very uncomfortable they pressed all in my bladder I was glad when it was Done!
THIS IS MY SHOWER! AND THIS IS MY TOILET!
Big moves over there at Linked In, hey ?
So I wasn't the only one who saw that sweet sunset!
This chick
Watching first season of sons of anarchy. Wicked addicting show and I'm only 6 episodes in.
Walk in the Memorial Day Parade behind the Library banner! Sign-up sheets are at the library and the opportunity to order a t-shirt.
My xmas tree is white (now every1 knows it's not real) unless you believe it's "snow" mmmkaayy
Somemore good feedback from German training - 'A very good day – most enjoyable – Jo made it really fun and not intimidating'.
This music shit is gonna be the life and death of me, lol.
you're amazing(;
Now here's a deal @ Sonic Bmore. Mozzarella sticks for 99c. today only. Hurry b4 deals blows away. limit 1. not vaild w/ other discounts.
I agree
I'm in the tent. You nearby?
im im on some island rite now you cool though ?
Will we ever see a natural dunk started from the 3 point line in our lifetime?
Hello my new friend!
even I get it all the time. Ridiculous! Who actually goes to the websites anyway?
#SMW Please consider a panel that talks of applied Creative Storytelling in Digital, rather than editorial observations.
Is there a google translator for pretentious design jargon?
Will be posting Science Lab Reports completed by students to our website.
I think you guys have a new obsessed fan on your hands lol.
Dem fuckas ain't makin' no sense.
Justin won tonight! Super proud! Selena had a great performance! Tswift was beautiful as always. Great Show!
Mayo's Alec Elseth dealing tonight. He tossed a complete-game two-hitter in the Spartans' 6-1 win over Mankato East. Finished with 7 Ks
que? Grub on Valencia
RT : We tend to our souls with other people: how we treat them is the gym in which we work out our ethical muscles....
lol naww... i just aint tryna the solution all out there like that
People are walking the streets of Galveston in a zombie-like state.
Party Like A Truck Driver!?!
it would!
. on the upside, when you spend the holiday alone, you save the life of a turkey. we're heroes, basically.
And how that all fell to shit when he died. It's really a great historical - and thought provoking - read
I have friend whose entire FB profile seems to be passive-aggressive swipes. That, & really bad music videos. Like Britney Spears.
doing some work on that, specifically ref. to Latino/a evangelicals/Catholic differences-breaks down on generational lines.
It would make sense. And I don't doubt those guys are more than practical. And they like crew/show, so why not? HW is a dice roll
only lipstick Haley
More importantly, what can we do to help?
": #NBA is back ! Retweet if you love the NBA. Dec. 25th"
I am going to review hundreds of pages of med records and advise an attorney today. One of my favorite activities.
Wow, 50,000 people have seen our magazine in less than a week!
Morning yoga makes everything better.
I miss
i know right! i show my mom the cheetos one and she looked at me with a straight face and was like "y'all stop acting goofy!"
I have an awards ceremony thing at Dreher in less than an hour
Thanks for the follow! Love your profile pic! Classic!
I wish that people would just tell me they hate me instead of pretending to be my friend lol
hey, that's my plan for tonight! Except for the paperwork and mopping up flood part.
I like rumors. I find out so much about me that I didnt even know.
Remember when the #Lakers were up by a lot & potentially jinxed them by saying "Lakers Pulling Away" and #KobeIsYourDaddy? I do.
Wow shopping downtown LA is awesome! Filming the rest of Blue Sky footage Sunday. Long awaited video coming soon. Lots of people to thank!
Ah! That's still good though. Weddings signify happiness. Wish him a congratulations for me.
Looking for #PBL quotes and information on #PBL. Anyone out there want to help with a #grant utilizing collaborative learning spaces
I'm doing great - just pushing through finals week..
Weird spending day at your desk. Glad I wasn't expected to do your job or fill your shoes.
what do y'all do
I didn't know was so young!!! What an inspiration!!
I see you on TV all the time!
come to Denver, CO !!
is in dallas playing house of blues right now. I am in Leighton PA playing a high school battle of the bands
Pizza of the Week: Quattro Formaggio (Four Cheese) -A Must Try Pie! A blend of mozzarella, asiago, provolone &parmesan cheeses
RT : Joining orgs is definitely on my summer to-do list! RT : Join your professional association and volunteer
hello niall!:) how are you!?;)
will you be carrying #nascar nationwide race from #Phoenix today?
haha you craze breh yah boi out here thicker than a snicker
Sign in NYC subway: You remember your favorite teacher’s name. Who will remember yours?
I think the answer is YES
no your not!
Klay Oven with the family.
A 49 year old man attempted to rob a New York bank with a....plunger. Something tells me he's about 3 fries short of a happy meal....
I bet Andre Beltre gave up that ball in blink
#ItsHardTo not think about you...even though you dont care...-__-
pa follow back ang pa shout out naman.. thanks!!!!
:-D Thanks... love ya
Jeff Van Gundy stinks, get him off ESPN please!
Happy #MusicMonday! We're so proud of all the pure talent going on in the hudson valley music scene.
Hey I just woke up, and I am cranky! So heres my thoughts, no school, maybe?
i finally resubbed.. not sure if I'm going to be hanging around Ragnarok or not yet. Need to get gaiters from a friend.
Visiting grandmas. No big bad wolf
Yeah, wondering if Microsoft Bob maybe didn't make it across the pond?
On the road again. Next stop the Berkshires!
Thanks for the follow!
oh well, u got 4
A man with my same name and my age killed someone in a drunk driving accident. Thanks for the heads up, Google Alerts.
WRAPPED and that's dinner!
Today on the #PGA I realized Hunter can be great. Westwood will be in the mix in 2012. #Golf will soon have the next Tiger @ number #1 Rory!
is washing down my protein shake with Jelly bellies :-)
I love getting texts from that certain someone :) smiles of course!!
Happy Monday! Try our all new ORGANIC spray tanning formula! you will love the results!
In the TV studio all day working on a new commercial with a client...lights...camera...action :)
lol! You guys are too much!
i love it so much!
Don't seem to know who my REAL friends are anymore......Kind of CONFUSED?. O.O O.o Feelinq: Anonymous
What should we call our new All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Specials on Mondays? It's gotta have that #ATX flair... :)
John seriously makes me so angry omg I really just got pissed, poor big show, lol I got anger issues I can't watch wrestling dude lmao
I need someone to make vietnameses coffee for me 24/7.
A League of Their Own!
Shame! Shame! Shame.... They need to bring back hanging..... Because most of who killing ppl r afraid to be kill...
NEED CO SIGNER FOR MY NEW PLACE. HOLLER, MONEY IS NOT AN ISSUE
soft gentle touch for sure! ;)
Oh, good! Hope you have a good time at #beyondthetextbook with your brand-spankin new cards!
One day at a time...
Im coming thru.
Sandwich Emporium is open Friday and Saturday nights till 10:00.
I'm so fucking fucking close to kicking my neighbor's door down.
I love sleeping to the sound of rain :)
"Although the last survivor may proclaim himself universal Emperor, his reign will be brief and his subjects will all be corpses."
Addition to 2013 Football Recruiting Board! West Mesquite RB, Raashaan Reason. High on UTSA and has speed to burn!
“: Every hour, 9 out of 10 American children eat at McDonald’s restaurant.” disgusting...
Either is me or your halitosis, one of us has to go
i DVR'd it!! was it good?!
Our new #TGIF promo starts NOW! Stop by the store to buy 3 meals and get a promo meal #free. You only have til 6, so c'mon down!
The Luxardo cherry liqueur is closer to Cherry Heering. Very different from the Maraschino.
I wish I knew the price already, but they're not on sale till Friday
Hitting the studio tomorrow -- VERY EXCITED!
needa fresh start...
I wonder what kind of difference social media would have made on this day 10 years ago. We will Never Forget. RIP Mary Lou Hague
What up u two?
We could all learn something
I love when fellow libras post stuff like this, makes us look all deep and shit ❤
Where is a good place for a first date.
so not only are & are at #DWTS but is too!!!
RT #YouKnowICareWhen I reply to any of the following... K Lol Lmao Cool Iight Alright Haha Ok Yea Oh : )
The gold room, echo park
I love being Hatian .
Aw. It stopped trending! :( Keep trying! #WeCanDoIt Thank You Joan ♥
Good Luck to all! Hopefully with our free picks you guys win some big money!
Bosker says cyberbulling isn't endemic to just teens. Adults act horribly online, too
Some drizzle outside ... Not too bad yet.
Probably not, but is really close to learning how to use a bike pump.
you got movie watching plans this weekend, playboy??! If I could suggest , excited for #phillykid homes!!
love you mamma grande <3 sometimes i feel like your our mother too :]
and can be gauge of potential, generates buzz, etc.
alright alright alright alllrrriiiggghhhtttt!!!!!!
how u been
ann frank
I hope you win King of the Web!!!!!!! Your videos are amazing you totally deserve to win!
Shoot me down, but I won't fall. I am titanium. <3
Andre Miller's hair
Israel security boss &#39;meets EU brass over Iran talks&#39;
I have a few dictionaries, two ency from 2005! and moved worthy titles to nonfiction, no regrets
FUCK THE REPUBLICAN RESPONSE!!
sqaure play is the Red Sox...I just hate the Tigers
RT : "You're desktop site is full of crap." - If you don't need it in mobile, you don't need it.
It might be something in the air, but I can't stop laughing about the stop "Ruggles"
I live here on campus and have NEVER had a problem with safety. WSUPD is amazing!
'Abdu'l-Bahá is at the sanatorium of Dr. Charles Swingle. He’s speaking to forty people. Supper tonight is a buffet.
Cool! When will it be live?
Joke of the day "We had that earth quake cause Rick Ross & Percious was playing double dutch !!!!" LMAO!
I like the new name!
Its 8:55am MST... and I'm on vacation... I guess ill have a mimosa.
sorry that was meant to be like we saw him but ya... Ok cool
From #PlatonicGirlfriend : "JOSS WHEDON SHOULD DIRECT EVERYTHING." I fully agree.
At a scouting event for little munchkins. I love the kiddos. They say whatever is on their mind with 0 editing. Love it!
Man forget the Clippers its all about the Lakers.
Oh, how exciting was it to see Audrey from Mocket win an Oscar last night.
heh, Claire is reading that now, she says "girls who think these are hot just haven't had fun sex yet"
Hope all the teachers here for Educators' Night are having a good time!
Rain this morning but we will see the sun later today! Happy Monday Everyone!
I cannot believe how early it is
no worries, I'll always have something up in the store
youre done?? Congrats!
what size are your feet still thinking about those shoes
Amish blocking 108 into Slippery Rock with a Dodge Ram. Totally serious.
Heading to WI State Fair soon. Need to pick out what foods on a stick I will eat today... and New Berlin Lions Club Corn on the Cob.
Sense of humor, hold an interesting conversation
Aye room mate, where you been?!
oh sorry my phone died, i know me not responding probably ruined your whole day, but its ok, ill be in art with you tomorrow!
not here
Woo-hoo! Joplin Little League at the World Series. Go Cards!!!
"A husband and a wife got a new computer, the husband puts "my penis as the password. Wife starts laughing because it says "error too short"
indeed :) have a good night m'lady.
how much of a factor do you think the New Years weekend played into this poll?
is sitting in on the roundtable disucssion: "Engaging Your Professionals in the World of Social Media"
Sister time
oh my!
On Monday evening, will have the opportunity to hear from at a private event held at
I luv to requote tweets. Its says everything I never thought to say. If u don't like my requotes. That's cool too. O well its my twitter
New suet bird feeders available later this week! Made from reclaimed forest wood by US Veterans! More to follow.
Tip: Choosing a new hair color? Your skin tone and eye color should be your first clue, but don't forget to figure in your personality!
Stop by Jade Monkey for our Happy Hour going till 7PM. We have $2 rail drinks and $1 off all pints
Bleh why do things have to be sold out 😞
All the fine girls you see who have good seats or sitting court side in an NBA game shes fucking someone on the court
The follies of your weekend hang like smoke onto your clothes.
Did "A Serious Man" get anything? At least the Dude abides...
I'm happy to report that we got through the tornado unscathed, though a talking scarecrow is insisting I go see a wizard about something.
Full on crab legs, red drinks, and pink cookies.
I can almost bank on the fact that no nigga can fuck like mine do, can eat my golden flower like him and yet leaves me wanting more!!! :-)
Good morning to you! Enjoy your epic day ahead! (RE: Lines - Ever use 's app 'Rehearsal'? Very handy.)
Installation went very well. hope to see everyone Friday night.
My prayers go out to all those effected by the earthquake
yay-so I'm not alone.....
BREAKING NEWS: every coffee shop in town is closed today, as baristas flock to sell their arts an crafts at Crafty Wonderland.
Check this blog out, very inspirational about a 16 yr. old w/terminal cancer. She's making her bucket list happen!...
that the digital releases get ignored. Its a sort of catch22.
helmet were hitting my hand and should pads were to -___- but it is huge tho
Set building and Painting!
I went to today; lots of awesome stuff that made me want to redo an entire apartment. The picnic/dining table to start with.
New 'World of Warcraft' Mega Bloks Bring the MMO to Bricky Life - ComicsAlliance
Having a great time with all my educational pals a #ytechday !!! Go Google or Go Home!
Greek dinner. Lots of hummus. Very garlicky... #feelsbad for person at the treadmill next to me:)
GOOD THING I DO HAVE A BLACKBERRY! EVERYTHING IS WORKING FINE!!!!!!!!!
This seems as good a time as any to apologize to all quoted or (mis)quoted in my attempt at Twitter reporting.
best of luck to you. you should probably just get on a flight today to be safe.
is doing his thing. Now you know why I enjoy my job!
Crean wants to keep home/home because of huge advantage for #IUBB in Assembly Hall. Calipari would love to show off #UK for Indy recruits
Very proud to be a member of today. An unbeatable combination of knowledge and compassion!
GOT THAT RIGHT! Comes in handy during admin and parent meetings too!
Hello everyone
Red carpet premier of Battleship here at LA Live tonight...lol didn't even know lol WATSUP !!
Big thanks to for the #wednesdaywinners and #traveltweeps mentions! Much appreciated! Best twitter pal to #follow!
Skipping is fun
u havent tweeted much lately u must b working on some great projects! Btw u looked very pretty in the pic w/ the red dress :)
Bullocks. But if it by client's request, then I understand.
and tell Diana she's beautiful and she's ma gf! Tell my boyfriend I love him & the lakers are winning<3(':
Also, is that sick?
on my way to the doctors not feeling well
Just got tickets to game 7 baby!
You were saying....
How many mattress brands do we carry? Who knows? And names . . . ?
Why is rain trying to mess up my flow?!
Damn how mad was your dad? What happened to Raul? :O
I live in a world where everyone believe in freedom; but almost everyone thinks its okay when other people's freedom is taken away wrongly.
I cannot wait!
I used to ride the bench, but it was written in cursive for this king to exist
GET YOUR HAIR GROWTH MIRACLE IN A BOTTLE!!!!!!!!! 1-586-935-2461
Starting my never ending day. Wish me luck 🍀
Songs with sirens in them should not be allowed on the car radio as they trick me when i'm driving.
kinda like the enchanted swifites? Have you heard of them?
ill be friends with anybody, just be funny and well be bestfriends
♀Never think that words are enough....Actions always speak louder♀
love every bit of it
So glad this night is over and I can go home and cuddle with my fav toddler. I'm exhausted. We not doing anything today.
I just want it to be lunch so I can eat my amazing hot pockets.
Hey Neil, good meeting you at GDC!
He better win it all!
The fact that Romney can't remember HairGate is chilling all on its own. Everyone else involved remembers it *damn clearly.*
sleep is for the weak!
so demanding.
yea hi
One day, I hope to study at the
I dont wanna imagine how crappy high school would be after us SÉNIORS 2012
We need Beno and Jennings in at the same time to get better transition play.
they replaced a guitarist back in 2007. Working on new album now. Check all of their stuff- top notch!
Start with what you have.
Happy Hump Day! Have a great Wednesday!!!
90's Nick <3 Till I Pass Out.... Much Needed Sleep Tonight... N Def Sleeping In. <3
love HAITI/AYITI
THE BILL IS UP ON TOP OF CAPITOL HILL... IF U DON'T KNOW NOW U KNOW... NICCAS
Is it wrong to laugh at something horrible? Even though you can't help it. Seems so cartoonish it's hilarious
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 55
That means you will execute the prescribed number of reps with such weight that you cannot do another rep in good form
Me and miss you ):
I'll ride the wave where it takes me...
I had nothing to do with you losing it
In town to watch the #Saints defeat the Giants? Swing by Vitascope Hall for a drink and one of their famous burgers!
Agreed, it's ok to get it and not want to start a whole Tumblr around it. LOL
things that make you go hm? Hahaha
My Dad Always Thinkk He Right . -,-. Stfu . Dont Argue w/ Me , You'll NEVER WIN !
I was working on a group project there last week and a group member got locked in upstairs when they closed the library...
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. #stay grindin
What happened to Bosh?
salty i gotta cut the grass smh
I doubt dat
It's like I waited my whole life for this one night.
it was an op Ed piece. Get over it. The guy is legit.
new track on my space site check it out
Different People Different Colour One Celebration Wishing you a Happy & Colourful HOLI
they wanna kno that they r important enough 2 u that u wanna kno what they tweet, follow them & make um feel special man LOL
I miss you! Xoxo
yes. Public + legal tech folks welcome to attend April 18 class competition. Details soon.
haha we have cap room. Why not try to go after a big name i.e. Parise Weber etc
Cole world cole life cole blooded 😝🎶
That is so old
I like your style...!
I hate the "who still up?" tweets um if u just scroll up or down (which ever way u prefer) ull know INSTANTLY who's up!!! Is that so hard?
Shoulders and abs today. Had to leave w/o cardio b/c became hypoglycemic during the workout. Matix post to recover!
ABC’s Series SUPERNANNY is casting for season six: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
yay justin RT'd you !(: i knew he would soon !!!<3
W/ the new Android App style guide, be gr8 to see a complementary badge program to help developers differentiate & consumers discover apps.
We teach what we know but we reproduce what we do
: Always happy to help :)
im swaggin on these kids lol
he always does this! He cares for no one but himself.
Hormones are dumb.
and by that you mean watching me eat bacon cheeseburgers?
We think she looks amazing, too!
"Fizz, Bubble, Pop, Wow!" is back in Desert Discovery. Bring your little learner to LDCM for this fun chemistry exploration!
Happy Monday Morning!
....so angry I can't hear say something..it's not letting me -_-
Werd up that's wassup! I wanna hear that heat!!!
Oh really now?
Happy Birthday Also! RT Please welcome to San Diego!
OH! YES! YES!
Someone hand me the remote so I could rewind time
The trampoline is no longer alanna proof..
Mocha cookie crumble frappicino from starbucks...HEAVEN.
They say u should have 3 or 4 glasses of water to stay hydrated in the morning. What 3 or 4 cups of coffee doesn't do the trick!!
First semester almost in the books. I am going to celebrate this weekend by cleaning my neglected apartment. :)
All graduated!
Hope everyone had a good holiday weekend!
If you fought your identical twin in a vacuum, who would win? Neither, you would both suffocate and die.
My aunt is forever trying to hook me up with my cousin's friends.
I'm sorry, that offends me and my political views.
Would be the ultimate insult to the Packers. All joking aside, Favre has a lot to teach.
even if i thought i could fall in "true love" more than one time, i think once is enough. Heartbreak is a biotch lol
Sean Putman, outside Detroit watching basketball
Imma kool nigga until you push that damn button....
Met a guy here in Vegas from my hometown. I went to school with spoiled rich kids. That's why I LOVE not being on Facebook. I don't care!
honestly, your company is much more important than the food, but I would enjoy Manor Arms if you're up for it. :) cc/
oh yay, practice
Sorry, but 4 token touchdowns each season doesn't make John Kuhn the 92nd best player in the NFL.
RT @ FredCuellar It's Hard 2 Find Your Way Back Home, When You Don't Have A Home...
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm that nigga everyday of the week ..except on Sundays
it's also a pyramid scheme and a racket.
i'll be your wifey to make you happeh :D
please, do share when you're finished.
ok big homie I see you doing your thang.
good weekend ahead 😁
It's almost summertime here in Minnesota. We want to know: what's your favorite summertime tradition?
LSE is proud to announce our newest client:: District Meats by Master Chef, Charlie Palmer!
Omar is on his way to Madison. Be careful out there
All my co-workers are convincing me to go to Steve Aoki but it's on a Thursday dude
I wish it was under a giant flowery hat in Kentucky. Still pushing for that trip to happen.
Julia Childs Adventure=success!
": M milkshake! 😍 RT : I want to go get a milkshake or something and then watch a movie!"
Shout out to my boy as well!
A birthday tweet? Where? HOW SWEET!!
Looks like Pittsburgh has paid off their SB official tab at halftime.... Facemask my ass!
Guys check out my new end zone routine: I dial the grocery store on this giant phone.
Aw we're sorry. We have finals and stuff. But we're off so it's all good :D
you're more than welcome to send them my way lol
fuck you all. don't talk to me unless your Taylor. I'm sick of everyone being fake as fuck.
Thanks for the mention! We love the #therapy Daily!
long as God's will is done!! Oh Come on church I can't hear no body!!!! See I'm ready lolol jk
no problem
Irish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
of course! Hope they're useful.
GOD morning. Hitting the gym. I haven't had a normal routine in months. 45 min cardio. 30 min weights. Low fat, low carbs,& protein. &U?
Yes, absolutely. ;)
eyyyy that's it we're done randy killed you Hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahha
I hope latimes does story on ladwp ability to serve city in disaster after #lawinds blew their pants down.
Injuries are absolutely killing the #Brewers right now... We're going to start looking like a #A team at this rate.
I think you mean biological...
I see you
we will send out a teaser soon!
THE BEACH BOYS MAY 27, 2012 AT RED ROCK CASINO AMPHITHEATER FROM $29
the Austin Food & Wine Festival
sounds like you're having a lovely spring break! (: ill be dress-shopping tomorrow, have your phone handy!
What an effort by the Bobcats.....hanging around!
checked the weather, realized it was 35 degrees and set the alarm back an hour.
#Foursquare and #Yelp should merge.
Anyone else checking out Secret Cinema at the tonight?
I want to thank the restroom at 25 W. 4th St. for introducing me to the most impressive farter I've ever heard. I call him "the motorboat."
Dear Forever, You didn’t last.
thanks for watching. I must doing speaking the truth and there is more to come soon hopefully
LOUD MUSIC/PAINT EVERYWHERE/SKETCHES SCATTERED ABOUT... I'm smiling... thinking.. enjoying this moment.
Occupy Philly movement has cost taxpayers more than $500,000 but guess they don't care bcs. They probably don't pay their taxes.
Why do people clink their glasses before drinking a toast? Answer by 5 pm today for your chance to win a ticket to Winefest!
trying to wind up THE BLADE OF ABRAHAM. Thank heavens for a co-writer!
": Only 5-Days until the 700 ft long Chalet Toboggan Chutes open for the season!"
ok I got it. 324F9C77 is my pin. I though u just needed user name.
Just ate one of the best homemade vegan oatmeal cookie eva! Yummy in my tummy(:
Thank You..
TWO YEARS OF DISABILITY! I THOUGHT OH GREAT NOW I CAN RELAX AND GET WELL WITHOUT ALL THE STRESS...OH NO YOU
Beer. Warm weather. March Madness. Beer. Not much rivals this.
Comedy sketch for Sketch 22 on space shuttle, not city of Atlantis. Serious talk about relationships via weightlessness. Gravity/levity.
i'll never love cricket. why dont u love football instead?
once again Larry Drew is costing us the series
I guess you're just another person that I used to know. sucks though cause we used to be close. i tried my best to be forgiven, didnt work.
J Lo has nothing on my bestie :))
Mountain Boy..no understand
and you didn't invite me. Hm.
There's swag for everything! There's Barber Swag! PH D Swag! CEO Swag! VP Swag! You gotta find your Swag & make it known to all who see you!
Hey there. Hope your day is going well.
S/o to the dummie hoes that gotta force they nigga to only fuck them. . . Wack sex game bitches !
Our bench is getting it done!!
ah yes. The grandest of times.
Maybe all this hype that came with the SuperBowl will bring Indy back into the discussion of an MLB team city.
that was an instrumental classic TV theme :-)
Reunited & if feels so good<3
yea way to long let's get it popping tn my love
": Wow just played my song "all in due time" for a packed house at Alibi. Dope!"shit bangs!
Aka a really long time.
I feel you!!
Welcome to flop city
"U.S. Sinks $100 Billion Into Afghan Reconstruction Plagued By Corruption" #huffpost $$$ well-spent as foreclosures & food stamps rise!
(AP) -- Officials: Afghans, US reach key agreement on transfer of detention facilities
Thoughtful criticism. RT : Peter Angelos is 1 of the WORST owner in sports. He hasn't accomplished SQUAT since Carl Ripken left B-more
Give it a shot. Life is about taking chances. I live with no regrets.
faves are: Winged Migration, and One Giant Leap.
haha touché. Luck of the non-Irish prevails!
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE STUPID, YOU HAD BETTER BE TOUGH. NO FEAR.
Trying to find the best phone for long archival trips. Necessary: VZW. Desired: (good) 8MP camera, 4G for wifi-less archives. Cheap is good.
And back to the game
check out the Jersey J Touch clip on Youtube hun!
Hey, that wasnt in the movie!
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers ~
That seems drastic! There's always a place for sarcasm and irony!
the new jcp logo looks too much like the ill-fated Gap rebrand meets Target, squared instead of rounded.
im starting to peal no!
&quot;Global Data Financial Calendar&quot; English Version Launch
tx so much for following-- i'm tweeting now from , so pls add us, too. Hope you're loving new job & life in Boston, Anne
i like just friends the old one and newer ones hum hard one turn right
I didn't even know I could back up my blog. Details?
your sons?
Health is important. I wonder why more people dont post health tips on social networks? Well at least the people I know personally dont.
no! Where is it?
THX! // What a gift it was serving alongside u in DC last week! Thanks for partnering with us &
Me too! That song gets me everytime :-) Words r just
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 58
I can hear the band that are playing downstairs. Atm it's Stand By Me... lol I can play this on piano
Friday - 4/8/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Los Radiators and Free Taco Bar Specials
TONS of writing and recording this week - can't wait
That's what it takes, I appreciate the response, interesting to hear what others think
Thank you Pam! ;-)
Follow if you love Mindless Behavior and Ariana Grande.
Sometimes when things appear to be falling apart, they are really falling in to place. ♥
tweeting and walking :)
There is now a liquor store downstairs from what used to be a church.. The ghetto <<
No, FSU tackle is our target, I bet..
I've had enough nationalism to last a month.
Aye deitrick and mary mary I freakin love them
You're the 🍎 to my pie, you're the straw to my berry🍓
I mean I would assume so! Lol
Cashers NCAA Basketball Card: College of Charleston, James Madison, Montana, Dayton, Murray St... Shop for best line...
lol me too
Felicidades on 'Modern Family' winning a Golden Globe! Saludos
With Wikipedia blacked out for the day, I fear ppl may just start making up their own facts and publishing them. Oh, wait...
That last cypher was kinda weak somebody please save it lmao...
I love you, Maggie. That post? Love.
Love my new diamond ring my hubby got me for Val day!! Love him!
wish you were here too!
What is klout all about? That rhymes!
Hope was fired on Celebrity Apprentice and I think that Bin Laden had a baby or something.
SURVEY QUESTION: Has anybody overheard anyone say they had to stop drinking Coffee because the economy is so bad? Just Curious
IM A MAN LIKE IT OR NT
k. Done
Mason sure is slick! I hope his little brother (Agustus Wyatt?) JK...will be as slick
nice to meet you....
Someone text/message me . Can't go on fb so I'm having a really hard time talking to people.
Thanks for cOMing!
All I want to do today is watch movie trailers and not go out in the rain.
Is the official bird of FaceBook the stool pigeon?
“ Then- brad paisley ♥”
I'm guessing Minnie uses mouse pads when it's that time of the month.
Sure thing. What time are you arriving? Can I get your number so I can know where to get my badge?
Well what type are u RT : I'm just NOT that type of girl ????
Damn, pull it out and stick it in the butt.
Tomorrow! $20 "13" tattoos for Friday the 13th, lots of designs to choose from. Get to early so you're sure to get in!
Okay but that was for the BOY justin bieber Haters -,-
Big miss by Josh Smith..
The airlines are working hard to get everything back in position throughout the system and back on schedule.
and I'm pretty proud of myself too.
nah nah I'm chillin. I thought...nah
I am thinking you're right, gatorade is a must on the way home i guess.
I hate this town I wish I could move. Everybody knows everything about people.
sick! Good luck!
thank you & great day to you as well :)
In the same amount of time it takes to do something ordinary, you could be doing something extraordinary! www.casabalt.org
ME TOO!!! :(( But im sure we will, if we don't i'll change to make sure we do!! :))
sorry this is a bit late but we love your choices! We like that you have a new favorite and an old favorite! :)
Bout to see
"Don't listen to all the ppl who hate 'cuz all they do is make ur mistakes for u. They don't own…"
Working my brains off today then headed to the #Reds game with some awesome people :)
Shout out to my all of my new followers
Erm, you just said cray-cray. I'm not sure how I feel about that...
Awake, arise, and assert yourself, you dreamers of the world. ~ Napoleon Hill
Haha! Just saw this. I'll change my name to Jenn3$calona if it aids in your editing process ;)
If I hear "all I do is win, win..." my head might explode
What a great weekend of football it was! Pats could possibly have payback at every step (Denver, Baltimore, NYGiants).
Drove by 3x this week, on my way to work, and saw the massive lines.. CONGRATS! DELICIOUS!
Going to miss #Scandal:(. Glad I have VOD!
the hummus and feta cheese, combined with the roasted red pepper reminded me of the sandwiches at Jubilee Juice
Florida golf stores. We can help increase sales in your store. Call toll free 18664653231 to find out how.
Can't wait to read the interviews!! Is it Thursday yet??
haha imma throw that in there for ya!
chilling with & Bradly on
It'sThe Fucking Catalina Wine Mixer.....love that line.....
Oh the things I've had to "Like" on Facebook for brand community building. How bout it ?
you tweet me and then don't answer...
Comming back to Florida ?
haha too funny!
Congrats to on your qualification for regionals. Go get 'em man.
So people start taking #TRUVADA as prevention, what happens if they do contract #HIV and need ARTs?
I actually just complained that my back was sore from lying by the pool yesterday. I'm officially worthless.
Yesterday and today were hard... I'm so depressed. I just feel a little adrift.
your are so amazing and inspirational <3
are you still looking for an excuse to leave her? i can give it to you.
sorry, misunderstood which part of his tweet you were asking about.
Still able to build a library (Knowledge Center) thanks to staff donations. Thanks all!
gotta head back to Portland later today..we play Sporting KC tonight
That T-Mobile girl kills me.
peeps that replay mike...all over pg
agreed!! “: Know what would make an email client perfect for me? The ability to drag and drop emails in tasks or calendar.”
at leats he's keeping it classy. What if you saw Swiffer refills on the registry or a DVD? True story
Be visible.
Rep that #SWAG!
so you feel like the bums that help the biologist classifying sealife?
Practiced the art of karaoke with scary as fuck
*kisses the dog*
Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve.
spring break next week. beach house. hit me up if you want to come :)
yikes! You just sent that same tweet like 5 times in a row. Did you mean to do that?
Talk of god & drink outside bar w recently unjailed dude on crutches. Says, It's not what goes in you that follows you. It's what comes out.
I was gonna stop and take a picture for you, it's a street sign that says Bingham Pl it's in sedro Woolley
i want a summer fling. applications welcome.
kevin garnett is pitching?
I love She is beautiful
lol i was messin with ya big head lol
I just put a rly rly rly hot bite of potatos in my mouth, and i felt it run down my esaphugus vry slowly :/ it hurt like a mo fo
im really confused with this whole wim thing. :c explain?
making yourself a nice breakfast while drinking coffee and listening to the Beatles is such a good way to wake up <3
On hold for 21 min, trying to book award travel with - passed around, never connected with the 'right' desk.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
#IfWomenDidNotExist the world would end
You Should Do Party Rock Anthem!
Headed out for Galactic Double Daisy Cutter & Mikkeller Black Hole Barrel Aged Red Wine
and I thought I was your twitter bff. Tsk, so internety jealous.
Happy Mother's Day to ya too! 🌹
the twitterverse is gonna crash. first joined, and now look who joined - not
Thanks darling. Clinic gave me $100 worth of inhalers and nasal spray and pills. Maybe I can finally kick this thing.
Its okay I guess. ;/
I always crave the worst foods at this time at night
I liked F.P.'s demonstration just now of "framing a pitch." nice little education there- let's have more of it.
Lack of logic in this argument: Let's keep doing what we'be been doing, and that's going to fix the economy.
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
Congratulations to Dr. Syn and Dr. Kim for winning CUA Grants-in-Aid for their project, “Urban Teens’ Health Information Behavior.”
woohoo - we <3 our long-time members! And that was a great way to use that first check :-)
Call it techno if thats the way you hear it
WORD, let's start the dialogue for the conf then!
0-4 in road playoffs. Better stand & FIGHT ! RT “: I'm yellin #WHODAT all day to y'all haters!! #WHODATNATION stand up!"
RT : haha to study abroad! :p
That awkward moment when you accidentally stab yourself in the eye with your mascara wand.
Our new office manager Andrew is awesome! Storage closet clean and home-brewed beer for today's Brewnanza!
Yes! "Dip It Low" is on. I'd make that fine ass wizard spend an hour to straighten her hair then tute-jam her til she sweats it back curly!
We're all about creativity, so #ff Tweeting about art, inspiration, & an impending creative journey.
I can't stand The Herd. He's an ESPN puppet. Only cat not over the top is Van Pelt. In my opinion they're all biased.
Hope everyone is having a successful #BlackFriday!
What's good Lebron? 2 points in the second half I see you.
Trying to get through #NASCAR traffic to see Two miles = 20 minutes.
THANKS to all who Tweet and RT abt the Jillian's Story event in Utah this wk! +
RT E.Williams fast break dunk in the 4th qtr. He bumps the back of his head on the bottom edge of the backboard <- HOPS!!
RT : see you soon on the show floor!
So Life Point Church is the best church ever..
It's stuck in my head too...we're all DOOMED!
Yes, yes. I know. I'll add more carbs in later. Right now keeping it low. Maybe another week or so.
Hebrews 13:16 () 16 Do not neglect to do good and to share what you have, for such sacrifices are pleasing to God.
That awkward moment when you have to shit when your at your boyfriends house...
Same Here Love.. Never give up!!
i need to go to walmart desperately!! leavin my car at home might not have been the best idea ever..i need a ride! smh
Boombozz's 23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #3: - more solid players
you swaggin' with those titles lol
I´m in school.... I was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didn´t came...... so I´m at the computers with my class mate´s LOL
ONLY TEN MORE FREAKING MINUTES!!(: CAN'T WAIT! ^__^ #SaySomething , It will be Amazing!<3
bout to go be lazy at the beach. U?
The hallways right now are dry af
Any ideas on how to connect to data viz people in Austin?
This dog dying scene in revenge is killing me
Rs Quest ~ Devious Minds
Reaching out to #genesiswp, can anyone recommend best free FTP client for Windows? I'm a mac guy & I need to recommend one to my client.
hi there your website is down, and I want to purchase FD 8 upgrade. thx!
Wow! What a success! I was so sad to have missed this - can't wait for the next!
One shot in and I'm feeling it. Yes!
We are drawing those this week in my classes, can't wait!!
I will be discussing #braininjury on this Monday 3/26. Check your local listings for the time in your area.
sorry for the delay. Retweted your link!
Ugh, I blanked out and applied an OTA to my brand new #EVO3D and there's no way to root it yet. #white&nerdy
Did you close on your house yet?
Sorry for the delay- thank you very much!
Hey if you like metal you should check us out :)
thanks for the mention!
Fuck. Reports are Jr was a suicide.
Servers overloaded? THIS NEVER WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IF STEVE WAS HERE
This. RT Real transformation always requires abandoning views that you once believed to be truth.
lol I just saw the pics on instagram. My dad didn't mention anything about a going away party. I wish I could be there:/
That lady that just spoke about the woman's state of mental health, the doctor...needs to get a grip...she doesn't know texas
so sorry for you & your family's loss.
Just finished eating the worlds worst cereal.
Good time at TSI this weekend in NYC. Tomorrow top it off w/watching the MARATHON! What a perfect weekend
Headed back to Atlanta...driving to Whiteplains first.......
that's a negative
Stocks could actually close higher today. The market manipulators already have things in hand, although there is sentiment for a rise.
it was chilly. Didnt realize the wind until I turned around at the Drake. Running north was brutal.
Treason is a U.S. citizen's action to help a foreign government overthrow, make war against, or seriously injure the U.S.
I like to eat popcorn
Wow, photo tweets earn double now compared to this afternoon.
When I cure food of being bland, it magically becomes dessert. My cereal just turned into a blueberry/cheerio/ chocolate chip mashup w/ milk
hahaha oh yeah, I carry a cigar with me all the time-i just wanted you to hear it from me :)
Dinner at Jack Stack BBQ...The best way to end a great day of filming.
Thanks to everyone who came to our house show tonight in seattle with the hoot hoots! Basement shows are the best :)
Idc how pissed off I am, I'm not throwing my phone. Shit, throw the nearest midget. I mean, little person.
Its show time! HOP is finally back! lol ...I know im ready...r u?! :)
"...has added a photo of you." Is a phrase that always strikes fear in my heart.
I am still waiting on the Hatsune Miku costume from China to be shipped in. This week EBay said.
kyle korvers freaking beautiful
nothing serious
Ohh it's gonna be a long night
www.sporting.pt
#Promoproducts can help you gain new clients, reward existing ones and market your company even when you are not around!
praying for love in a lapdance ;)
Just cause I said it don't mean that I meant it
The PACKERS look to be one of those teams that will put up the points, then give it right back on "D", they'll get their "W"s in shootouts
#BigData, #Security & Operational Intelligence: Survey Results on the Existing Processes & Challenges
4 BNF family members: How to fit in? Integrate a web archiving program in your organization
Won our playoff game against some amazing kids!
I wish, but no, there was only 1 session this AM so I went Americanist.
Many did not understand how tragic Judy Garland's life was even starting at a young age. The play displays it well
love you too
#healthdata Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
#mygraduationspeech this middle finger is for all the teachers that's sending us in the world clueless just like your class
Right before the DIES IRAE in #Verdi Req in #CarnegieHall a cell phone rang loudly, delaying my downbeat for about 20 secs. DAY OF WRATH
Are visitors guided at all in their close and extended looking or is that up to them?
I wonder whether Bankruptcy Court would be more fun if they reversed their Rs like Toys R Us.
Last night, I tried to sit down in a booth and discovered I couldn't.
Reach out to one forever #friend today with whom you've lost touch. It will boost your #joy quotient.
First time getting lunch from loving the veggie goodness of pumpkin and chickpeas
Cleaning up this track FYHH for the bro This is a hot one bro!
I found that radio on is a good cure for the blues.
I WANNA TALK TO SAMSON!! Fly me to the moon like that bitch Alice Kramden.
thank you keep smiling
I've lived in LA, GA, & TX. The Eastern Market is by far my favorite!
That tripped out moment when your thinking about someone and then they text you 😁
The rest of my night will be reading Tom Sawyer
#ff to social media gurus!
ADAM LEVINE I LOVE YOU! Maroon 5 sang 10 songs! Great performance!!!! <3 THANK YOU GUYS
Sports turf is better than the old Astro turf...but it still sucks for professional outdoor soccer
i just wanted to say hey:) cause im super bored
Good morning Shannon. Hopefully you are flying off to somewhere fun today!
Why Am I Doing This To Myself ?
hes moving to Miami
The previews look good. Glad you enjoyed it! “: The Raven was worth it.”
Beginning to work on Edison Field baseball- home of the Angels. It is a beautiful park- just started to paint the front gate.
On another note, any interest in or playlists featuring local bands?
We have a few questions left and the content tonight (as usual) is amazing! Q5 up next!
For parent friends asking me about cloth diapering: I recommend GroVia to begin, then sample others after that. So easy; great fit for all.
Chuck Norris doesn't get slimed, slime gets Chuck Norrised.
OSU thoroughly outplayed Oregon in the first half, Ducks lucky to be in the game, really. Turnover, penalties and Pryor the difference.
I'm in the same situation re: book review. My goal is to get it done this weekend.
Watching the last two final episodes of Gossip Girl =)
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Cousins gets his fist of the night.
the prayer on this rocks! I am using it. Thank you!
Its so cold in the D!
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it!
soo i have to say ur the hottest guy on the high school edition on #1girl5gays.... Absolutely love u
Kay, cool! You can shut up now! Bye bitch!
And have a great weekend folks - enjoy the sunshine!
I yelled Wine! Is that close enough!! haha Yayyyy! Its 5 'o-clock so keep pouring until my glass overflows!
use it to give me free nachos.
Just fell of my couch laughing when I first heard the axl rose relaxation on your new app Jimmy...can't beat beach waves..
Coffee has played an essential role in various societies throughout history.
I feel really awkward now wtf
The dream is all that matters. Dollar and a dream is available where u buy cds online
well aren't you special?
If you aren't happy now, nothing external can change that.
we won't have to worry about jenkins much long! Packers will cut him loose!! See ya!!
I learned to stop loving someone. Unfortunately, I'm starting to not love anyone else either.
The teacher just got mad at me
It's hard for me to sleep at night sometimes I wanna text her just to talk
Doing homework
The drivers are adorable buying a 4wd in NYC. As if they would ever need it.
It seems to me that if you can only vaguely recognize a subject in a artwork, then it really lets your imagination create its own vision.
LMAO! When I read that text I was like "uh wtf Andrea.. What does that even mean?!" hahaa
...those are my pajamas aren't they?
#ObamaBookTitles C.H.A.N.G.E ( Come help a nigga get elected )
The new song is taking shape, but still searching for lyric inspiration. Any thoughts?
We're running through some client ideas with RG to get the VG seal of approval before presenting to clients :^)
I should probably start my homework before I go to practice but ill just wait till 10 tonight when I get home.
I think I have finally emerged from The Food Coma. Wow.
that is in my home town! We lost a bright son that day and hopefully this will make others think before they drink and drive
Have a #safeflight1D :) x
“: I'm at club "my hotel" to see "Dj sleep.". He's about to kill it.” handle it!!
hey. Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Online lectures >>>>>>> in-class lectures
Liam Neeson's cock
whoa you were at the show back in 05?? That's awesome!!!!!
so ur going to unfollow me soon?
Happy Easter
OMG wake up, please!
We're open until midnight so it's not to late to go get your Sonic T-shirt for $3. 8212 Liberty Rd. #Baltimore west off exit 18 off 695
Training vessel Golden Bear visits Sacramento port
o ok didn't see it lol
they're awesome!
2nd period is so much better without mrs. Jackson.
and I are debating Target vs WalMart. We've come to the conclusion that it's simply a #battleofthesexes. What's your pref?
cooking homemade nachos ;-)
Check out our new look !
I heard you're doin you, & you heard I'm doin better;)
Watching "Late Show With David Letterman" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
No matter how much people wanna hate - RICK ROSS KEEPS KILLING SHIT!!!
"If you stop in for a couple this weekend, you'll like the way you feel. I guarantee it." -Bearded Men's Warehouse fella.
I can honestly say there isn't one artist at the jam that I ever heard. Guess I'm old!!
im on my period. don't talk to me unless your One Direction.
haha i know right?! hows miami? lets skype this week miss you<3
New Video: Friend decided to try waxing his chest to prove women overreact about the pain..... dont think he'll be doing it again anytime s
So what's you stopping you bro? Life's too short :).
working on san diego project...
What you guys just shared about Dale was awesome. Thank you.
Its not fair
play me some and i'll get naked whether you like it or not
Its amazing what hard work will do for you
And this makes the 6th trip to school today....and we have to be back at 5:15!
can someone tweet me im bored outta my mind! :D
Vistaar Capitalizes on Its 2011 Momentum With Strong Start to 2012
Was razzed at #alamw12 by for not tweeting...making a concerted effort to do it more.
Ha..Aye Take My HeadPhones Cuz My Other Ones Fuck't Up
This is the first day I've had homework in a long time.
Hey - Enjoy your day at the Spa & Fitness Center of !
They are
I HATE SUBBAN!
Sitting 2 seats behind Cornell West @ Anna Deavre Smith play "Let Me Down Easy" in Santa Monica.
I think I love you Linda Beaver. That commercial was funny.
got my #Quaker oats in the mail and could not be happier!
Let's all hope the OKC/Lakers series goes to 7 and OKC wins so they're real tired in the WCF.
So, someone on the chat for Austin's ustream was like "COME TO FLORIDA". Can I slap them...or ?
San Ysidro Port of Entry is closed due to a collapse of construction scaffolding. Traffic being redirected to Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Band is blah
i have the whole entire week off school, so i will be on twitter & tumblr..everyday. :D
Q3. What do you feel is the biggest missed opportunity in #B2B marketing today? RT : Did I miss Q3???
Give the Emmy to now please!
are you on google buzz? also, i deleted most of my pics from flickr, i plan to move them over to picasa eventually. :)
You can do better, you dont even seem happy... cut him off.
We watched Rupaul's Drag Race in science today.
Maybe we are all one eleborate science expieriment and we are worshiping a scientist
Another TD for Clark. Let's go defense. Go Colts!
Finally cleared off my desk… It's nice to have a clean space to work again
People are sick.
Greatly appreciated, Angela!!! Hope you enjoy!
thank YOU for the great article!
yes.. Bullpen can't seem to get the job done these days.. Vargas did well.
Missed the Funding Forum last week? Come to Reiss 284 at 7:15 tomorrow night for part 2!
Pool break
If anyone is wondering why actresses are often thin, it's not because we are anorexic. We are just paranoid & forget to eat.
i missed my 9,o tweet. it don't matter.
yes I loved it
It's difficult. They're so lifeless and their banter is boring.
Getting my bowling lessons over the phone from pops. I would really love to take lessons somewhere.
1 Turkey Vs. 12 Hungry Tigers (Photos) You can guess outcome
The Hunger Games !!
aka yves klein blue, or cobalt. Also a gorgeous color.
RT : A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at ~ Bruce Lee
Hello Linda. Happy Mom's Day. Glad to know you had a nice with your daughter.
If you don't sign up for the free trial you will not be eligible for the 100$ prize
Great advice. Do you have a website??
pants too. It's getting warm here, after all
Would you be open to a conversation about nutrition? I partner with a great wellness company. Thanks in advance! :)
I will never buy a Mac Miller single because anyone who says "Most Dope Ass" is irrelevant to me.
#YouAintHittinItRight if she asks you "That's it?"
