...heard gr'dad say in background "Just take a picture of any house and tell me that's where I lived - how do I know?"
I have such great memories of skiing with my dad for the first time.
12 more wins to go!! #LetsGoHeat pacers r next
Turkey pesto cranberry on rosemary foccacia, like Thanksgiving in a sammy :)
Goinng HAM On My Mom When She Aint Looking >>
If I get this right now, it's a sign. If I don't, oh well.
I love what you decided to wear! The shots are absolutely gorgeous. beautiful.
Chris went up against Rihanna & lost...duh...she bad! Way to go girl
Hm maybe I should hold off on the fire until the firemen across the street leave.
it is a terrible show
Ryan tried shading.
I think I have laundry detergent hives. Absolutely excellent.
Thank you and my regards to you too.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds -
and I are in ur hood
Fears lose their power when you hold them up to the light of your consciousness. ~ Sanaya Roman & Duane Packer
Unreal!! How off the chain was that? Got George's tweet but could tell he'd had a few. You've been baptized!
don't open the door unless you want to feel the rush of the
Me too! Will you be back on campus next year?
Done, thank you! I can't wait!!! I've always wanted an iPad
you are too kind!! Let's catch up soon!!
See my cockers - Daisy is the one on the left, she has an eye infection, there's goop plus she has a hazy dot on her pupil
“Try to know everything of something, and something of everything.”
RFT ": If you can't make time for someone than they shouldn't make time for you."
bangladesh bangladesh bangladesh
Swimming with Wind is so weir, when you get out you feel so refreshed!
There was a prom in the museum visitor's center tonight. Would that seem cool to you in high school? My nerdy self would have loved it.
There is still hope for saving our nation from total moral decline. By voting the right way in all the elections in November
#RTHT no I was unaware of this shortcut, thanks for the heads up.
I mean, The drama was very entertaining 2 watch 4 a while but, I hope and puts the beef 2 bed and #KillIt :-)
I want to fulfill my dream of meeting u,since I can't work or go to school.It's something that I would really look forward to :)
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there. ~ Edwin Louis Cole
Please note that I've changed from ClevPublicArt to cleveLANDstudio! sorry for the long absence - it's been crazy town around here!
I always find that brits weirdly overvalue gatsby. Not even fitzgerald's best. (but then my vote would be nabokov's pale fire)
plus I need to realize what I have and not what I want or dont have
RT : Didn't know this was possible. RT LeBron and D-Wade flat out dominated the 4th.
thank you so much you are such a life saver !!
I do my best, I do my best.
Didn't sleep the entire night. Gonna start on some last minute homework I guess -.-
got that right
Once I'm cool on u I'M COOL! I can ignore the fk outta anybody TRUST ME
no. I haven't. I'm going to red wings game tonight with the kids!! Yes on IMAX!!!
Lovely overdue lunch date with Amy Carson xx
my shower is my own personal recording studio....
Lakers falling apart here to end the damn quarter!
I don't think I could be dreaming, I felt your touch...
trophy Club going off tonight with DJ Pelkey on the ones and twos.. best mix of country and todays hits!
moose tracks...comes, of course. Ugh. We have a problem.
Yep - It was out for about an hour last night. Cut into my DVR time...LOL...Was trying to watch So You Think You Can Dance!
Fuck you Jews, we got Jesus
Nothing much, u? and i tried to trend that for like over 4 hours straight D: it had to be close to trending but it didnt :/
It's a self-chosen topic for an essay for school. Any examples + links + thoughts would be greatly appreciated! RT, too! <3
"you guys?" Do you follow ?
#tie2011, Go twitter newbies
Dear Ex, Just because I tolerate you, doesn't mean I want you back. Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.
Prague! Who's there? Who's going? Email me directly:
If you're on a budget maybe a rental license can do the trick?
Ladies Love Champagne | Join us this Thursday | Ladies text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
your tweets are so abusive and mental!
I sent you a reply, not sure if it went to you or not..still getting the hang of this twitter thing,but its a great shot of him
Varsity cheer :) #Relieved #Excited #CheerCamp #Can'tWait
I need to get the washing machine and my reading on the same cycle. It keeps buzzing in the middle of a chapter!
S/o to my new follower thanks for the follow
the store out there screwed me, so I had to come back
I'm pretty sure dropping LSD with Roger Sterling should go on everyone's bucket list.
hey, your record is skipping.
Thanks, Chris!
mhmm i may not be flawless but people love me :P lol <3
if only I had a desk! Instead of the dining room table.
thanks bro... Love getting to serve with you!
YOU ROCK, MAN!
Rugged and manly-- good choice :)
I thought I was being all virtuous with my paneer masala until I remembered paneer was cheese. Still delicious.
Ha, your posts are a half a day off?
Dear kitchen folk-who has an idea y my fryer wont kick on even w/pilot on? Flint issue? Just struggles 2 start & THEN jumps 2full throttle
- Love is UNCONDITIONAL. Love is KIND. Love is PATIENCE. Goodnight to u and sweet dreams. :-)
#VoteRNG AL NIGHT LONG!!!!
WELCOME HOME... AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT OBAMA!
techno at the studio today with
Been reading George Saunders & have found my mantra (from "Winky"): I will not be the kind of person who craps in someone else's oatmeal.
My thoughts exactly!
Bryce Harper went yard again.
At Congo river about to putt putt it up.
Gm bro called you no answer where are you we need to round table
Watchmen gonna give me nightmares =/
hhmmm what is tonight's definition of "too much" wine...?
KNOW WHERE YOU CAME FROM; KNOW WHERE YOU’RE GOING (Jn 8:12) He who follows Jesus will not walk in darkness, but have the LIGHT OF LIFE amen
Picture This on ABC Family<3
You've sold me.
Nina was feisty! Thought it was great though, we're def all for getting equal opps for docs.. wanna see the 1st callers' too!
Hi, Greg! I can't make it 5/11 but pls tell me of future shows. Best: amarylliswriter at gmail
Just released CandySwipe update with "Friends Mode" now see your friends scores along side yours!
Sad news : BREAKING: CBS News confirms 7 Marines killed in helicopter collision near Yuma, Ariz.
fingers crossed!!
Fire alarm #2 in the first week!
as long as the chocolate fountain is working!! Haha!!
got some awesome tips from some cool canadians. thanks
Spring is almost here get those boat batteries charged,start planning those camping trips, and get a Power HotSpot from Solis Energy! Follow
Time to get ready to start my day. (2 more days until it's TGIF)
I second that!
Oh, excited to try the MARC express! Next stop, Baltimore! Downside: no Auntie Anne's pretzel-wrapped sausages & maple syrup.
RT : Animal Planet >
Also this sounds like too much fun (the Horizon Council event), especially given that is my old stompin' grounds!
All checked in and working on the first #SXSW task of the day: Food!
a lot of it. The woman didn't listen. I said shoulders, she went to my neck.
Ugh tyme flying
. Sunday Ticket promo comes out so soon after my install & they wont do shit about it. I would have waited or the install to get it!
Who's voting?! :D:D
He makes me happy <3
If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you.
Presentations are starting at #codeforoakland. 1st up: Oakwatch, neighborhood-level system for reporting incidents. Uses 6 mobile channels!
For the chant to work, you have to believe what you're saying! That's kind of an issue for #Royals fans at this point.
waiting for a special call :P ♥♥♥♥
r u serious rite now
Earlier Angelos told me to go to the back of the bus,
Searching far and wide for
Fuvking murder them RT : RT : Lakers have pushed their lead to 11. Kill. Them. Now.
next month... They're monthly. ;)
- I'm mom of teenager on ASD, showed her post, she said yeah - good talk 1 u trust, ride out these feelings go up down. Hugs
.: Here we come OSU. Battle for Ohio. UC
At least you can walk to class...sitting inside an office all day looking at the weather through the window is
Let's Go Badgers!
The juilliard jazz alumni orchestra re-takes the stage for the final two performances of the evening
Agreed. I think that's why more teams/leagues will get on this path.
Watching this heat gane
Dinner with the Parents!! Hillbilly victuals!!
The Heat are killing me. Softly.
It must've been love, but it's over now.
There's gotta be something wrong with me
Check out our new credit card machines debuting tomorrow at Olympic Pkwy!
Pardon our absence this weekend - there's this adorable blue train here and evidently he's pretty popular!
!(: Awhh Thank You Lover!(:
RT See U at Autism: The Musical TONIGHT! Where are they now? Q&A
I want to film a fan-film of the Hunger Games... Now I just need people. :P
CRASH: I-5 NB just north of Capitol- left lane blocked
why would my flight ever be scheduled on wednesday!! i have no life until my flight! and even worst no tv!! -_-
OMG! This movie is so hillarious! I'm like the loud one and Sheelby is totally the Fat one... but don't tell her LOL!
Brewers announcer just said "See if Ryan Braun can inflect [sic] a little juice into his team."
I'm hoping it ain't luck, it'll be skill that carries me and the new wave of "nexts" on the horizon. I wish you the best :)
I'd say the final one and when Michael saves Alex and she meets her-evil-self :)
"Yes, I'll take The Rapists for 300." "...That's Therapists..."
Dear Cupid, the next time you decide to shoot me with your freaking arrow....shoot him too.
Let's double-team this! Tag me in then jump in and start swinging the metal folding chair when no one is looking!
What a beautiful NITE in tha Chi Tonight!!!!
Only major hnds I lost with today where KK vs AK & KK vs AA...most plyrs go broke w KK vs AK earlier-guy had me covered. Lost minimum..
Tell me all the things you want to do.. I heard that you like the bad girls, honey, is that true?
too wasted to drive to MLK and 82nd is not a real Popeyes.
I remember.
Some people just choose to be negative..Maybe thats the main reason they'll neva succeed in Life!!!
via : Thanks for following! For more info on Tellox.net web hosting services and our special offers visit www.Tellox.net
via - Human Civilization Brings Out Worst In Area Man
so tired-______-time to go meemees...
I TWEETED ALL THE LYRICS AND NOT EVEN 1 RT OH WELL -__-
I'm back in 2 hours
pretty sure you're the best neighbor ever! Haha :)
What is with these outrageous no-calls?!
Yupperz :) <3 he actually does follow a lot of fans
Theres nothing I hate more then loosing the remote in my covers-_-.
Alan Kay on Ed testing: counting millions of rotten beans. #NITLE Montessori is the best.
Children of God don't let your lamps go out before the coming of Christ. Be ready for your your Bridegroom.
#2011RemindedMe To protect my iPod from thieves
screen printing all over prints tonight with a nice discharge ink and tagless neck tags for clients
.: If media owners want profit, should cover #occupysd. Top-read stories on
Weird. How many seasons now?
Sitting out on our new front porch enjoying the weather and a bottle of wine :)
Spent about an hour cleaning out who's following me and who I'm following. Making an effort to tweet more, stay more connected.
Good luck!
Sorry for the pause in posting. I was entranced by this video by the BH HS PTA. Just watch the first 30 seconds.
What's next in social media-- from new technologies to new trends. Panel discussion with San Diego Chargers, Brand Anywhere, Pechanga Casino
Retards these days
hahah I tried reading it slow and i couldnt do it! I had to just buzz through it although 17... i read as seventeen everytime
I hate dudes that think they know everything. Shut the fuck up
Golfing takes all of lifes stress away. Then gives the stress right back when you 3-putt a hole
Happy Sunday to everyone! Hope you're enjoying your day. Thank you for following #LintonAndAssociates on Twitter!
I wish they would speak into the mike better
"I tell you with certainty, tax collectors and prostitutes will get into God's kingdom ahead of you!" -Jesus
The blues and the abstract truth.
Sleepy... Going to go battle my insomnia once again...
well. guess I'll go sleep three hours then go to school. sounds like a blast. ahaha. 'gnight.
But she ain't messin with no broke nigga
"Guys, be quiet. I'm calling my mom!" *person in background* "PASS THE WEED!"
Happy that the district is closed
thank you
Also how were we not following and til now?
GO PACKERS!!! SUPERBOWL CHAMPS!!
As long as you know smh lol
haha I do too, don't get me wrong... just a funny observation.
Lord Thank You one Other Day!!! I Love You Father!!!
Screw car buying!b! So glad this isn't for me
SRSLY, who is going to Bellingham tonight? and are playing a top-secret house show!
were already winners as New Country Star of 2010! wut about sons of sylvia?! :O
When thinks she's cool cause she doesn't use Celcius like all the other Canadians <<<
ok ur point???
How nice! I usually just get another project. :)
the difference between naivete and idealism: the former, just seeing the good, the latter, seeing everything, but focusing on the good.
Live @ 8AM www.pdxsucks.com - 101 reasons you shouldn't do business with Eddie Van Halen
Still in shock about Junior Seau's death. It really is crazy what happens in life
Our mini sundae is the perfect sweet treat for you or your little ones. Or get a regular sized cookie or brownie sundae to share.
I wanna do THAT! Gotta get ME some of that! Gonna get, give, live, be...MORE!”―Danielle LaPorte
haha! Too funny ;)
very excited for a great day of learning at #litechsummit. is going to be showing off the brand new techbook in solutions room.
ah I can't right now... but I will later :)
Milkshake > Steve Blake
#PlansForTheSummer include blowing this clothing up, hanging with babes, traveling, rodeo, concerts, late night swims, and finding a queen
Thanks! And great work on your submission. We'll be holding another competition soon.
Our purpose is to consciously and deliberately evolve toward a wiser, more liberated and luminous state of being...Happy Saturday! :)
#random but I've been thinking that all morning
... Apparently it was who ever @/tinyari is!
Thanks for following back!
Sewn together but so broken up inside.
Thanks! Great post! “: Also thanks to for always have an open line of communication! Keep up the great PR work”
Agreed! RT : best. day. ever: on
Jake Bellows of Neva Dinova w/others & noelectro DJ set at Good Hurt, Venice, CA Oct 30th, Costume Contest/Champagne Table ftw
13 weeks of hell for a lifetime of pride, well worth it.
One glass of box wine and I'm speaking Dutch to my cat... Thursdays!
that's a shame. Merry Christmas by the way.
Of course, I'd need to buy a gun first. Maybe I should get on that....
Delores Hope, wife of Bob Hope, passed away today at the age of 102
I just wanna live while I'm alive
I wonder who has the power to greet a nice Steelers Fan with field passes for sunday nights game?
In New Orleans at ABA meeting next week; should be interesting hearings on technology-related changes to ethics rules.
9 more days and I'm off to see the Nutcracker at the theatre! :)
little does she know who my ass really is. Guess you could call me a pretty little liar. I think yes! KISSES! -D
#DailyQuote: "All of the animals except for man know that the principle business of life is to enjoy it." - Samuel Butler
the hell dude??!
i havent forgot! im trying to find a local band on the lineup because its always betr to help a local band.
Almost at 2,000 tweets, oh my.
Oh sweet rooster sauce of my heart.
Thank you for following & Welcome
GOOD MORNING I HOPE THIS IS THE DAY YOU FOLLOW ME :D
Sounds exactly like what developers said in Palm Desert w/ the Larrea St project (killed) & now the Rosewood Hotel.
- GoogleOffers is coming. BUT! #Burghbargains is here! www.burghbargains.com. Why wait?
Thanks bud!
Love the idea of Pinterest in a library context.
happy 18th birthday !
. kicks of software patents panel at #innact. How to move forward on a complex issue when Cong is patent exhausted?
Awesome #FF #S/O! I hope your week starts off amazing.
ima hit you up in a lil bit bro... Im at the movies
Unfucking believable. Caps blew it
:) how is everyone today?
Yippee! Landed 45 mins early on Friday night on
I member being in the"friend zone" it had good things bout it until i fel in love wit my bestfrend now hes the best thing thts hapend 2 me(:
If you don't need phone strategy & you don't need email strategy, do you need a social media strategy? It's just the way we do business now.
Yeah me too, i love him as a writer and vocalist. I hear hes back with Soil and left Drowning Pool. Osm.
sorry wasn't near phone. Glad getting him checked out. So hard to know what caused spasms
Jennifer Hudson Family Murder Trial: Closing Arguments From Prosecution Begin
have fun 
Really? Then you must be doing it wrong.
Used the racquetball technique on my hamstring last night. It hurts worse than ever now but the pain moved. That's positive I think
#heartshapedhands to all of our followers! you people are the cat's pajamas! the bee's knees! 100% awesomeness! enjoy your valentine's day!
i love my spurs. love em love em love em. ♥
Fina hit the night life might not make it home lol I do it
Can You Plz Follow Me And My BFF Becuz It's Our B-Day On April 28 And Were Both Taurus's & We Love U Guys Alot
Huge win in Ram Dome last night pushes #13 Rams to 18-4 on the season.
EIC : "We're getting killed guys...we continue finishing newspaper after very long, stressful, un-fun nights."
are you still making guitar picks? Found a few cards while cleaning.
aww I bet you made that girl's day :) so sweet
ariana is our cupcake? is it just me or do the tt's get more awkward everyday?...
RT anyone at #ward5 advisory meeting, let me know if you need toothpicks to poke in your eyes from boredom. It was pretty good!
im just going to go to bed!
It doesn't look like much and it's never that busy, but Punjab restaurant on bryant and 24th is awesome. eat there
Hai. So tonight's the boys FIRST AMERICAN COHEADLINING TOUR. I mean, nbd or anything.
- OMG...we're leaving for Vegas in 9 hours.. ;)
Congrats and thanks to all those trained to save lives. RT Looks like I got my first code save. On a co-worker, nonetheless.
Good one ": Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries"
#AskScandal do I believe this chick??
See y'all after the #RedSox game tomorrow night at Who's On First #Boston for some sweet sweet rock&roll! Come say hi to T.O.M!
Love my Chapter. Hate Steve Harvey.
You guys are right, 360 MP servers down right now. Campaign it is!
Thomas Sears worked with Reynolda off and on for 40 years. Museum archives hold many images, sketches, and more.
Fuck I'm board
Things are still rather hectic and crazy busy for me Paul. Hope everything is well with you sweetie. Thanks for your support! XO
And this day seems like it's about a week long
RT : RT : Leading people via processes & not mentoring is like feeding a baby via instructional DVD.
Ever wondered why Venntive doesn't have an Integration Partner page? Because Venntive is a *complete* platform w/ deep data integration.
Maybe since Dirk is still solid, but we'll miss having a center that good. This team was stuck with Shawn Bradley for 7 years
No, I try to work SMARTER, not HARDER, and show it off. "Do you stay late at work to prove you're pulling your weight? " "
what are you doing?
I just saw a kid with a "I'm not Irish, but I'm getting lucky tonight" t-shirt. I don't think I have ever hated a human more in my life.
NYC runners-- I need fun running routes, visiting the city this weekend & can't wait to explore!!!
Send your reject steak to me please. Postmark: My Face. Steakface.
me a flirt?? Never lol
Can't wait to get back in the gym soon
LOL. The hat and the crustache only make it better. You think this guy is comfortable? #TheNewYorker Hotel Lobby twitpic.com/69my01
awesome...congrats on the #kayaking!
I ended my birthday well what a night !!;);)
You think your special? HAHAH
Marble Slab Creamery® and MaggieMoo&#39;s Ice Cream & Treatery® Issues &quot;Yo-bate&quot; Giveaway to Sweeten Tax Day
Intro to ghost hunting class wed April 13th from 7-9PM
why? Seems like a good way to shrink the size of government.
#sorry about one of your Ice Sculpture
Pray to God but continue to row to the shore. - Russian Proverb
We can't wait to see what has to say on tonight's #hotelimpossible. Seriously addicted.
Fave spots in Berlin? I'll have a day there tomorrow before I keynote at TrendForum conference there. Thank u for any tips!
Lol. I Know, But Can't Do Much On A Broken Foot, Which Is Why I'm So Angry "/
English project can suck my dick
Yes for WAKA signups! RT Grand Opening is tomorrow!! Will we see you there?!
#teamfollowback Help me get more followers!
Thanks. That's what I suspect. Trainers think "They won't listen until they know who I am."
I Love Put Your Hearts Up! <3 ahh I just LOVE it! <3 <3
At the 43rd District Democrats listening to a panel on a proposed ordinance about felons' access to rental housing
are.you.going.to.come.out.with.more.clothing.designs? ***yeaya***
“: am i the only one who feels like christmas never even happened?” no, i am too
it is a pretty bad game. But what about monday night raw?
'Sorting through the bills, fan mail, and life threats. Wondering why the postman ain't delivered my wife yet...'
Yo this lady at the restaurant is deadass negotiating on her foods price like a contract. Wow!!!
Things to-do: A.) Grab a coffee at B.) Visit Idle Time Books at noon for the #DCCashMob C.) Have a swell day!
Let the people rise up and hack. Tonight (July 1) at the Node, 7:30PM. Bring your projects.
. Thanks Pawl... ITS MY TURN &Every Since I LANDED N LA Its been the #NOPLAYGAMESRULE WIT ME FRM DAY 1
already following u
Tough decisions and sacrifices must be made but not on the backs of our kids. Advocacy Summit
That's right! Awesome deal...thanks, ! RT : UT Alumni can get 30% off tickets to the Biltmore! YES!
I just finished a 2.95 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I hope Ellis swoops down on a chandelier and takes out Karen, like in Phantom of the Opera.
haha she must be talking bout some other Aaron lol
#FIREIRELAND #miamidolphins Hire mr Suarez his team is #undefeated in #madden ;-)
do u think i spend my time stalking u & copying ur tweets
Today Dean Milano will play a free rush hour concert! Classic American folk music at its best!
If anyone is looking for an entry level accounting job (min 2 yrs acctg exp) in Madison, or know someone...let me know!
Done with my economic finals :)
Overheard at the office: "Did you put my labbit on my mouse?" cc:
To my followers #thanks for all the #FF happy weekend for Y'all !!!
I know yous like my chemical romance
#RISDPHONATHON caller just spoke to an alum at the Michael Graves Design Group. Really cool to speak to someone from such a big company!
The height of AP season is upon us. Stress for teachers & students is the order of the day. Study, study! Tell them they will be successful.
so find someone who watches the show. not like you are surrounded by 30,000 people or anything ;)
S/O Foundation Supa Producer ... #ItzAlleyway2Broadway Datz Why We Makin Classics
what I feel for is more than "Love" it´s admiration!
Agility or search-and-rescue training are extremely good ways to mentally stimulate, some dogs
Congrats ! Correct! Derek jeter and ruben rivera played for the !
thanks for the follow handsome....
So annoyed!
I'M A COUNTRY STATION/ I'M A LIL BIT CORNY
Who are you?
Well 4 is good enough;)
but if u buy one every week its like getting it done anyway
Beez In The Trap
When my doctor said this 4 day medicine would cause some #insomnia she wasn't lying!
Photos of me right now are a little "alien-looking" so I'll wait to post a pic until I'm more developed. #GMP4 yes I just hashed my sign off
I can't stay here anymore.
Looking a hot mess and niggas still try to get my #. Maybe cause of my big ass. Lol
Thanks! ;) Elementary Algebra... I don't think I passed it the first time around... in the 90s! :)
We'll do it for the next one!
u know who they are?
I MISS THOSE CLASSES IT MAKES ME SAD :( im so sick </3
My sincere condolences to the ENTIRE Houston family, from the family of Marvin Gaye! ♥
We have the happiest little think helping us!! She is smiling so much it makes me want to smile!!😂
Give thanks to the most high for another year. Wishing all many blessings and lots of love!
Life style I live on that channel
Back at #AEA ready for some workshops!
If your kids don't pay attention to you in public, don't get mad. Chances are, they don't listen to you at home either!!
#ShaneBatteir is on BeastMode as well. Taking charges and Hitting 3's like its all good.
In Kalamazoo to work for !! (even the craptastic weather hasn't dimmed my excitement)
I used to think the Cameron Crazies were the most annoying basketball fans. #Kentucky has them beat.
Daaammn!!!! Why no love for my Skins??
Finalizing something! That's my goal, too.
after attempting to make and edit a movie with Microsoft products has again realized the superiority of the iUniverse
Koobface Gang That Spread Worm on Facebook Operates in the Open
“: Thoughts on NASM vs ACE cert? anyone?” doesn't ACE require degree in that field?
Teeheee. Right ?! Using a lint roller for a vaccume.
Feeling bad today . who will chat with me i am so boring
- Was this the Seattle location? Did they make up for the wait?
Shout out to , one of the raddest dudes we know. Thanks for making the world more aesthetically pleasing and for yr support!
TONIGHT WERE GONNA BE AT BROADWAY BAR !!! $1.75 BUD LIGHT ALL NIGHT IN THE MIX 21+ ONLY !!! RELAXED DRESSCODE
I have been up since 7 am and I can't fall back to sleep.
I'm not doing good you want to know why I don't have a fucking job t
Nope! I'll check it out on demand later though. And don't all you men in NY have stylists???
It's Super Saturday. The Clasico kicks off at 3pm Central. Barcelona vs Real Madrid. Can be seen on GolTV.
Hyflex course design
haha yes because i have a life and i don't tweet as much as you do. hahahahahaha
Chapter complete. Biographic info sent. Books on the shelf (in Japan) mid-March.
they're singing Hit the Lights in my advisory omg
did MSU at least represent well? I'm an MSU soccer slum, so hoping they did. Good game all round?
So whats on your agenda today?
#Staging tip#14 luv thy neighbor, let them know u r putting ur #house on the #market, they may just know someone intrstd n byng ur home!
omg why are you so close to my home?!
Thanks for the mention!
Just read CA Tech's case study - The Journey to Launch OneCA - feel like I finally have a direction for our soc media strategy
Sad for Milan and with the players leaving, nxt season will prob be tough too.
Practice tommorrow with new clean singer. Oh and 4 pa systems. Time to lift the roof off this bitch :D
Drunk people seem so annoying when you're not one of them.
i need to get high so bad :/
Only 6 days away! We will see you in Denver, check these exhibitors out -
Im From 0the Mil So you know i got Bucks
Up...abt to get on the road!!
Good luck with release today! I will be trying, Should be fun.
Sounds good, the 5:00pm shouldnt be as crazy as the 9:00am one. A lot of people are dealing with finals lol
I'm watchin Day After Tomorrow after #ufc145 if I'm still awake
Need another bottle of wine......
yeah I didn't do shit. Me and luigi were tryna leave the whole time.
has her Project Puppeteer hat on today.
Big thanks to for developing #CRPT and Manatee Village Hist Park for use of facility and City of #Bradenton for access to cem
Late for whom? Everyone doesnt live by the 9-5 life. Open late Open early is relative. DC no small town.
Text from my sister, 1st year junior doc working nights at 6am BST. "OMG my patient set fire to himself to burn off bandages, on my ward"
home from library outreach event. read books and talked about summer reading program with darling kids and their parents. *my favorite part*
NO ONE SAYS NO TO BIG BEN!
Do you remember when they wrapped Kit Kat bars in foil?
On a mission to retweet all of 's tweets(:
Gave out free t-shirts outside of the Q. People went nuts. Thanks for the list and support!
To be a directioner you DONT have to know everything about them and you DON'T have to watch their videos all the time GEEZ!!!!!
where r u from?
Freakin good night last night with colorguard(:
Life is good!:-) had a great day/week..
Austin's coming back to New York!!
They seem so far back from the stage RT How can the buyers even SEE? #FashionStar -- DKNY PR GIRL® ()
Call Me Fool !
Oh you love him and it's been a week.? You guys are gonna last forever.
good morning
No, Pico was the last health reporter we had. We still do some health stories, but it's usually something pretty specific.
Excited about Business #Incubator moving closer to a reality in
Lac La Biche foster care boss gets bail on porn charges - CBC.ca
Sis you got so much you oozing.... I'm learning from U..
Congrats to COTELCO research associates graduating this weekend! We're extrememly proud!
Tim already was, dont understand why people and the media dont understand that. People = Shit
In need of a gluten free cocktail? Try our signature Upstairs Martini - a mix of , Dolin Dry Vermouth and a twist.
Thanks Lois! Good Chatting #brandchat :
World Cup pairings announced: US grouped with Slovenia, England and Algeria.
I don't know. Jackson already complaining about his contract. I hope you are right
Omer Asik of the Bulls looking like former Bulls big man Jawaan Oldham on that last blocked shot!
At representing Atari, looking for games to buy!
Consider us there promise!
Anyone at the Magic show in Las Vegas?
If your horny, Let's do it Ride it, My Pony My saddle's waiting Come and jump on it
I LOVE that show!
yes!! and he always does lol tho sometimes with complaining
Thank goodness! RT "We're back on Friday. 6.30pm on "
thnx! Follow?me?
This guy next to me is eating a pancake with chopsticks. Didn't even know that was possible. Confused on so many levels.
Dear mystery blood sugar disorder: go away and die. Two sips of Italian soda and already a migraine? Bite me.
RT : RT The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.*
Bin Laden said Biden would be out of his league as President. Wow. Al Queda views Biden as a weakness of America. Know what? He's RIGHT.
I own 167 songs of Kanye West. What up.
Im so bored i cld do homework. Damn
How you get so many?
Come see us at We are relaunching a Virginia winery and thus have a bit of a different story to tell.
Snackity Snack time.....SAMOSAS instead of a bag of chips is always the way to go!!!
please use the door bell.
Happy Emancipation Day, DC, and Happy Sesquicentennial, DC Emancipation.
I agree ^^
This is the beginning...And just as one has a chance of winning the lottery if one buys all the tickets, there is the chance of an end.
Dear Kory, Let me be totally honest, you're on the naughty list. It wasn't even a close tie. Better luck next year, Love Santa
Poor walk on's, lol
Don't use a machete at night.
Another day of driving on the #JNGtour, looking forward to seeing Joel of !
#SomethingImScaredOf is losing the strength to push away the problems I have and losing the ability to smile through the pain, like I do now
What's the deal with the Mondrian tonight? How does this work?
Be yourself (unless yourself sucks)
omg! today just got so much better. thx for the shout-out on the #socialshopper!
#ThoughtsDuingSchool when's lunch?
It's a film about a woman trying to track down her lover all over Madrid that's been avoiding her & about 2 skip town w/ another...
from earlier convo w Bill, sounds like there are some required patches to trunk
Lmao»» ": first off, is you a Nigga or a Bitch? "
Bust outta work and into happiness! Our Happy Hour is happening now! Enjoy 1/2 off drinks in our snazzy new Foshay pint glasses!
#Top100Lies "That was my last piece of gum"
u in the studio with Big Sean?
Thanks to all podcast listeners who have written! Will respond individually; pardon the delay. Wishing all a happy and healthy New Year.
Catechin, one of the bitter ingredients in green tea, has been shown to kill food poison bacteria and minimize toxin produced by these bugs
true , i use to have that problem . that can mess things up lol
My Major Doesnt Make A lot of Money...Hmph Well 64,000 a Yr Isnt enough For Me I Need atleast 8Figures a Year.
Thanks for following !
Having a pretty good day!! Gonna sing n finish my songs :-) :-) :-)
Hit me up I'll join the league
There's something about cooking breakfast that's just jumpstarts your day. Oat bran waffles with pecans and sausage. Breakfast of champs.
unclear, but was at Red Farm last night...which did. Not. Suck.
You are most welcome!
I want to be your choice, not your option.
We want to know: What's your idea for the next big website?
Of your wife and your tried friend believe nothing but what you know for certain. - Spanish Proverb
i come back and its like dead.. sure i see how it goes
is sponsoring the Revolt Summer Surf Series event in PB this weekend! Come check out the action all day Saturday & Sunday at Crystal Pier!
Oh my lord...
How did you get so darn SEXY!!!!
Why no more Flickr?
Another sunny day in sactown..
i'm sorry to hear that
What the hell is Knudson talking about?
R. I. Paradise Janie C. Brew. Definitely a sad day!
Still #YOTTO gotta get to the playoffs so the beast can show up in Dallas
that would've been a bargain! a total downer
RT : you were fantastic!! Well done!!
RT : For short video, I think it would be good to just make one point.
You know me better than that son. My Mavs fandom shan't be shaken, tis built on solid ground.
Just dropped Bill Harley off at the airport, now I am off to Second Sunday Storytellers at the Glendale Library, 2 - 4 p.m. Hope to see you!
The first oopsy of the day. DOH!!!
I doubt that Mayweather vs Pacquiao will ever happen. Mayweather doesn't have the balls to do it.
Getting ready for our show in Wichita KS. Friday. at Kirbys beer Store.
hello my little beliebers (:
Majority of actors have PASSION for the acting, but they need DIRECTION to get to use that passion in the industry.
Greendale vs. City College softball game
My biological clock must be ticking because I can't stop thinking about kittens.
I woke up with Devandra Banhart's "Lover" in my head. I'll probably be singing it all day now. Totally ok with that.
only if you got the right condiments.
I saw it. Very cool.
I am ready for them. I was following you and I think i mistakenly unfollowed you when I messaged you. Sorry.
Bounce that ass shake that ass like the twerk team , hair long ass fat shawty mean.
good morning y'all...
Good Morning Houston! Houston Press would like to send you to see Kaiser Chiefs tonight at House of Blues - just come by & get ur tix!
There is nothing as deceptive as an obvious fact.
oops only windows supported
an anti-endorsemnt, does that mean you pay them?
Did you get your #GoButler Gift at Chick-fil-A today? Nearly 200 people had a free lunch after making a basket!!
RT : According to reports Dick Clark, the famous TV host has died from a major heart attack... RIP Dick......
If you have to wear a shirt that claims you have "swag" then you probably don't have swag after all.
on the hunt for eco-friendly finds for the HOME for 944's December Gift Guide — furniture, kitchen ware, etc. Email ideas to !
you know I will want to do something
suck me Nani !!!! BAILZ PAGLIACCI IS THE GREATEST RAPPER TO EVER LIVE !!!!!
lol who do you think? Nah, I was gunna use my backyard and drive some into the field back there.
Dance party to call me maybe from across hall with We have issues.
Art for AIDS followed by Folsom Street Fair followed by our first anniversary = good weekend.
Stay tuned for our new single coming out Soon! Go to dsdsq2.com for remixes and new dance tracks.
I think people, in general, are way too afraid to make mistakes
Glad you like it! Thanks for the kind words.
Haha neither...I think you accidentally walked right in front of the camera because all I could see was your face!
Sadly Drew...
Ohh , your cute 💜 && what you just told me is even cuter💜😊 Lol
Stop by our shop at 3931 ! We have some delicious flavors, including Dark Chocolate Sea Salt and Chocolate Peanut Butter!
March has finally come! *Prepares self for the army of awesome new albums to take charge*
oh geez, r u still going to the parties tonite?
I've been tasked with creating videos. I'm all about it. As long as I can join the fun, let's DO IT!
Can't be true.
'Tis the season of Madai. Japanese Red Snapper can live up to 30 years and gets it's bright red skin from a diet of shrimp.
College Football Saturday! Will Michigan show up or get blown out? What's your take on this one?
Everyone's getting Lei'd here today!
Happy travels to and !!
i really want those 2nd row tickets for 700 hmm.
Xmas Tweet: Mom trying to compare our family to the Kardashians.
It's my birthday twitches! :)
Wow somebody jus paid for my chili's dinner... God bless to who ever did that for me!
Got out of school early today because the heat index for today was 120-130! lol.. the only good thing about the midwest.
TMB=the munch bunch. Yes. Women's networking group
That sucks. I truly had my hopes up.
Walking home from practice and the first thing I do after opening the door is strip.
anyone think to look up the address on their website?!?!
I love yours Shhhh
Yeah it is a little weird.
I take u to NYC with me and this is the thanks I get?! I don't think so! This is not happening again and your not coming back to my house!!!
okay:) but isn't his birthday august 26th?
garowenet thanks for following me on Twitter!
great stuff just used the mandolin on some citrus for my new drink dispenser. Thanks
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithTwitter Came up with this: Bloody Twitter, Ameritwittero, Dance in the Twitter. Still gonna Marry the Twitter.
Don't waste your time giving people second chances, when there is someone out there waiting for their first.
RT : Sometimes the Past comes back arnd 2 teach us a lesson we missed the 1st time. Learn from it then let it go.
Yep! Ive been watching since I was really young lol
At sharp 5PM CST today, I promise to shut my laptop and go to sleep!
2011.10.13 #Brewers 4 #Cardinals 2 | Series even up / Wolf starts; Axford finishes / fans may exhale now
it's been great! Loved meeting you and look forward to chopping it up some more with you!
Im requesting all girls to put up a profile of them with no makeup so we can see what they really look like. None of us guys are sporti...
Also, some big and exciting changes for us next season, which is our 5th anniversary season.
I'm glad I had the day off so I could do accounting for free all day.
Not having a great day. I hope this gets better. I NEED it to get better.
It's a good thing I'm not following AND have his mobile notifications turned on x_x #ItsOkayThough P.L.U.R.<3
Good Morning!
Miley cirus hates twillight.......I think I just became a miley fan!
Geri! How the heck are ya? Long time!! Thanks for the RT. Let's catch up soon.
Out of context, "Stop, collaborate and listen" is actually REALLY good advice.
That's 11 in the books. King 2, Churchill 2. If King wins, they'll have to play at least seven more.
My only #FF are these awesome
"Thanks for giving me a fresh start & for all your help." -V.S. Happy clients make it all worthwhile!
Is she really your twin? Or a friend that looks and acts like you?
See you Friday night!
Been missing out on the #MiddayMix on getting my ears ready for the #FridayMix with & :)
please tell me when your coming to florida?? I got people to buy all the rage. I listen to it every day! I love u, ur my idol<3
RT : were u at now battle -- Ft Carson.. U in the guard still?
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Bottom of the Bottle
lol well i have to go to bed ttyl
I'm so busy all the time that I'm really bad at doing nothing.
The leaked memo is also real.
I vote for the pink wig AND the tiara, you brave and smart girl! It's going to grow back and you're going to grow and teach us.
The homemade potato chips were so good yesterday, that today we're making sweet potato chips. Yummy! Fat free, too!
Right now: catch the last set of #SXSW at the Firehouse Lounge!
I am thankful for this day.
THANK YOU for reminding me that exists!
A winter storm warning has been issued for Bexar and several surrounding counties due to the possibility for freezing precipitation.
#schoolmemories asking to go to the restroom to walk around and kill Time
10,947 @ rose garden. Sell out!
I'm finally going to bed. Goodnight ~
i believe that if beliebers work together we can trend. #followjerry for what do you say? WHOS IN? <3
Wow really bruh? SmhRT : ": RT : Phone so dry right now... Sprinkle a lil water on it bruh" lol
Not being able to fill orders fast enough is a good problem to have, right?
I didn't get much done. I kept getting distracted. lol I got all the corner squares and sashes cut out and the top row sewn.
I would not catch no grenade for your hoe ass.
How about this Tuesday at 6:15 pm at The Bowl?
What question would you like to ask the #Tarot? Bring it to www.shindigtarot.com and find a perfect reader for your question!
Preparing for my Saturdays filled with hair
Thank you! <3 ": #FF A label which should get more followers ;)"
We driven & I'm tryna figure out why my son wants me to keep replayin track#7 on the cd! By gosh he likes it!
Like this Status if you are enjoying your weekend! We are so excited to share our new promo this Monday!
You'd think after 10 years, Microsoft, just out of pure guilt would either get its shit together or jump off a tall building.
I got certified in Excel by the Microsoft Office User program a hundred years ago...no idea where you can enroll but you should look
Larry Scott: Sport is the only thing on TV that is still getting a major live TV audience versus DVR audience.
clearly you know your NY food spots...you gotta come out to BK though, get some real Italian food! Lol
Looking for an expat position in Singapore
Thanks for the RTs/mentions!
Sometimes you'll never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
yeah I noticed that. A little weird.
RIP Adrienne Rich. Remembering a pleasant afternoon several years ago drinking tea and buying books at her house. A lovely woman.
Have you had a burger yet today?
<--- Thought not one of the "smart" ones.
NEW BEATS ON DECK!!!!!! #rap #hiphop #pop #RnB #twerk #jazz....whatever type #beat u need...i got'em
Ah, #Chopin in the morning.
Thanks lady! I just saw this... I didn't get to see you, but you always look AH MAZING.....
Staying home just because I have a bad stomach ache...
Economic relief coming Obama signed Home Buyer tax credit motivated buyers will get great values Now is a great time to buy or sell
look at the photo I just posted man. Nothing wrong with the act of course, but for a front page cover... Idk
We thank all of you who have shown us gratitude!
great fight. I miss those types of matches.
Monday is the perfect day for happy hour! Consider it "training camp" for Monday Night Football:)
Sorry if i havent been tweeting so much...been so damn busy. Going to N.H. on Saturday!!
Its gonna take me awhile to get use to my new glasses lol
You're being a great mother to your kids. They'll appreciate it later! Happy Mother's Day!
LOL. Love this! ": The more ppt slides you have, the less you know about your topic. #whatsnextdc"
Great defense by Memphis. Both Gay and Allen played that perfectly.
The class of 2016 scoop. Go check out at m14hoops.com. Names of notable players. This class will be ranked after the M14 October showcase.
lol naw son my tv is not gonna break but y'all gonna be like us at the end of the year with no ring
kenzdoll collin wants to know if you can send me the link to conner youtube video please
Oh NO! Aaron BarRAZA has 7 ENDORSEments already. El Paso Stonewall YD's, Sheriff, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT.
for the articles. Why else?
Hearing #StormWarning on the radio just makes it so much more real that I'm seeing tonight!!!!! :)
A little behind on Up All Night. Loved the Valentine ep and "no on the coin slot!"
Tonight feels like a good night for an Upstate Deluxe Pizza…..what’s on your plate?
LOL - I just saw your tweet about the bus times..you'll love the app. It tracks buses to about 5 minutes with GPS.
as the black people say "KMSL" (which means "killin myself laughing")
Enjoying case presentations from students w Good luck students in Chicago and at NAIOP Minneapolis.
listenting to The Roots #HIGO brilliant
Why are all my post-patch Conquest games so empty? Used to be full all the time, but this afternoon/evening usually half empty.
Hi how are you? Thanks for reaching out...
I'm watching you.
are you at the JazzFest?
done and done! send 'em on up! I want furry little things to keep me warm!
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
Which reminds me, I really need to either empty the Nikon or just go buy a new camera card.
has mighty fine taste.
Art Gala Event "Your Loved One Has Got the Art Talent. Deadline 8/20 for submissions. All welcome loved ones with cognitive conditions.
You don't know how hard it is not to talk to you, you're my bestfriend, and I hate these fights </3
bo burnham <3
George Ault's Daylight at Russell's Corners is astonishing - stark, clean, beautiful.
Everyone and they momma out to eat tonight
Going to visit Mom at the Bristal in Westbury later today
Can you follow back?????
This fucking cookie jar my grandma got.... Looks like it could get up and kill us all, o.O
I'm down to just create an entirely different magazine called "Models and Donuts". With you on the cover!!
If He's keeping you from doing something, it means He has a bigger plan for you. Just be patient, GREATER things are to come!
lololol stop it Heath stop it!! LMAO LMAO you're killing me!! hahahahahahaha..congress do something,,now THAT's funny!!!
I just feel like watching Sailor Moon right about now!
won last nite. Flying out to L.A. Today for game w Dorsey. Flight delayd so we drove. Arrived @ 215 played @ 230 loss by 4
RT hit me back.
Wrapping up the weekend with the
it actually does...
I've wondered the same thing too but at the end of the day just gotta realize its their loss!
Why would most of #TeamMindless get mad because the girl Twerked on Him-_- wow! I would of did it to, I mean Prod? ;)
We need to set up a date...Color Run May 19th...come get painted. Team
Odds on a possum every night in this run and great to see that Trey has got the memo from me that flannels are in
Americans have celebrated summer's unofficial end since 1882, when the holiday began as a single street parade in New York City
You need to be well hydrated before you even start your run. If you start partially dehydrated, it only gets worse from there.
she's rooting for the New Orleans "miners" right?
Crappit. My laptops dying again... talk to you later peeps. I love you. Alot. Even if you dont love me back :-)
Apparently, I've been released by the Colts.
Is YES!!!! Chant bigger than WHAT chant?
pretty much its huge, but i love it! Everyone keep asking me "what the heck is that" lol!
near durham
Mark your calendar for 's #MuseoSpark chat on 5/17: Museums in a Changing World: New Challenges, New Inspirations.
I agree. Staged.
--Adolf Hitler to Reichstag, 30 Jan 1937, as translated by Norman H
Stop by our booth at #aspa2012 an mention this tweet for a free gift!
i'm testing. :) what a novice!
RT : : World change happens when ordinary people have extraordinary determination ~
carly if you read this.. do the right thing
It's great that you're going to get to go! :)
Bad habit: Starting important emails and thinking I hit send, only to discover hours later they're behind my mail window.
GDIs, we can recognize you. Get out out of our party
Not this time :) free tickets with friends to a Macallan tasting party.
I just love Brad Paisley :)
Its nice to be aware of how to regroup whenever needed. As long as you're mentally tough, the rest is cake.
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Im such a little kid, Im all excited that we're at the zoo cx !!
Punt. Punt. Punt. GOOSE.
the terreculas show starts at 705 tomorrow. Y'all go easy on him LOL
I saw a homeless man and asked him his story. I stopped to ask him his story, cried and gave him $100. Happy thanksgiving.
Doing last minute laundry and packing before we leave tomorrow.
RT "Cartlandia" on SE 82nd becomes city's & state's 1st food cart pod granted annual license to sell beer/wine
No reentry at the pirate game? Haha thats why i left and that bitch let me back in hahah
#etech ETech needs a new revolution to ride. I don't see any bomb-throwing anarchists, and that's bad.
and guys who say differently?
Lookin for a old fashioned lookin bar for scene in our next music video Anyone have any ideas?
You craftlaunch site looks great. Let us know if we can help or if you have any questions!
omg we're so close! yes, indeed. when i get back we MUST!
what a beautiful day
Baby you light up my world like nobody else , the way that you flip your hair gets me over whelmed <3
I wish, but this isn't a business expense.
says you once stuck your hand up a cows ass, is that true ? 🐮
Ty Jason for following
will keep you all in my thoughts. *hugs*
but I Imagine they aren't fans of Long Johns.
No problem, can't wait to check it out! RT : thanks for referring to !
what's wrong?
I'm having a great night. I'm putting some thoughts on paper.. that is one of the keys to follow through.
I just wanna smack them !
will there be an app for #CILDC Computers in Libraries conference?? hoping so...
I'm two time zones behind, but your tweet makes me think it was Lana Del Ray...
how's FL?
hey, and good job staying off Twitter. Didn't think you would
Send Courtney homeShe may have said sorry but you don't know her like the girls do!Lindsay is actually really beautiful&humble
yes!! how about Aruba or Aspen? planning this #elopement is sounding good.
The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?
i'm going to sleep ... i don't care if its barely 9. this weather makes me sleepy.
Zoo director tells budget committee that Angelenos on the Westside think the zoo is in San Diego; city doesn't have $ to market zoo.
movie did not disappoint :)
This Weekend. Well Its basically being a good little girl and Studying & homework!:D
RIP #DiscoQueen #DonnaSummer. I will forever have memories of #skating parties and #DonnaSummer music playing
Again, enough hand wringing, bring on actual alignment topics
Good job North Carolina voters... 12yo and 1st cousins can get married the sanctity of marriage is safe.
1/2" diameter hail reported at Princeton High School (Green Lake Co.)
I so totally agree.
i'm a huge slut having never tried it ;)
#njdevilssuck that's ok hunny.the devils are coming to our house.ill save you a seat by the exit
HEY BFF
I adjusted the list last night by using the site you suggested. What is next?! :)
i don't even know how i do it! haha
Happy New Year!! Make it the best yet!
standup tonight at
Thank you for everything! You are an amazing inspiration to us. Best of luck in the
This video contains content from The Orchard Music, WMG and Ultra Records (MVR), one or more of whom have blocked it (cont'd)
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The other event I really want to attend is SMX Advanced Seattle...or maybe PubCon in Vegas :)
we know
Josh Jones Latin Jazz Ensemble Cigar Bar & Grill : Sat., November 27, 9:00pm
what movie?x
Welcome to the southern tier of WNY. I didn't know you would be in the neighborhood. One of my colleagues is attending.
I'm living twenty minutes from Philadelphia! What's goin' on with the 99% in Philly???
Knowing youre sad makes me sad, knowing i cant do anything to make you feel better :/
Validating the oral-systemic health connection
Prepping for tonight's first preview of NEXT at HERE!
thanks. Have an awesome day
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. - B. C. Forbes
#nowplaying drop the world - lil wayne and eminem :)
Best Dunk Title acceptance speech ever was , who thanked his Mom, Jesus, and the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders.
SO JEALOUS!
I want to go home, get in bed, and never get up.
Bearcats lost 2-1 to Weatherford College tonight by a walk off Home Run .
thank you, it was an amazing experience
#WSP I'm not alone... Driving song...
I fuck with Tyga but he has so much haters.
Milwaukee Rally Hotel pkg. includes 2 tix to Harley Museum, breakfast, parking, welcome bag, overnight accom. www.marriott.com/mkeri
Nokia Lumia 900 Review: Best Windows Phone So Far
observation: anything called "upscale" is usually (apologetically) trashy.
Love and happiness:)
I hate a superficial females
Happy 2nd Birthday to my little cousin Aden! I love you boo boo! Hope you have a good one! See you later! (:
Happy New Years Eve!!
I need to do a better job of keeping track my tax deductions!
I'm not "boy crazy" I'm just crazy for this one boy<3
Let's go Red Sox!
Welcome to the twitter We're happy to see you.
In Lynchburg, VA waiting for to arrive so we can experience the place I didnt know existed until 4 weeks ago
The Texans team bus just pulled into Harbor East. Enjoy it now - that bus will be a lot sadder when it leaves Sunday!
welcome to the club!
Philly answers back but goal is under review for crease violation.
if you haven't already, follow our instagram: jamheybastard
How to explain to a 19YO w/ #aspergers that saying "that's what she said" to a girl is offensive....
2 down 9 more to go then another three day weekend :) hurry up next Thursday!!! Sitting here bored text me 304-612-2469
Thanks to and restaurant week, I now have to run 10 miles tomorrow. But it was oh so worth it.
Watch us tonight at 6 pm on Channel 3!!!!!
But it's in NJ
Thank you to every person who has ever told me I can't. You are just another reason I will.
nyet, I just watch in russian)))
No. It's spelled artisanal. But I keep spelling it wrong and Word keeps yelling at me. So now I will never spell it wrong again.
YES!!! U do realize that was like 5 years ago homie!!! Now get at it and lets party!!
Fill in the blank: "My gym is awesome because ___________."
You be careful out there.
^Then the angel of God, who had been traveling in front of Israel’s army, withdrew and went behind them. The pillar of cloud also moved...
Why does twitter follow random people. I'm always seeing these random people on my timeline.
Korean inside. Yes. Please tell Mrs. Shelton I'm coming through. When are you off to #Brasil?
Brian made it sound like it is only me and him. We're discussing committee membership Sat, should I pass on a mssge from you?
Google Trip Planner now includes new route info. To plan your trip using the new & changed routes just enter a travel date AFTER 1/29/2012
#mothersday right around the corner! Get her what she really Kraves a piece of #MIKELPATRIK, origs & reproductions for any budget!
gah, so close to fly away laches! I will see you next week my friend after this rip heals.
That's where I'm at wit this bitch tho... All the dumb shut she been puttin me thru... Sometimes I b like fuck it
Nothing like trying to guess 's drawing of a river on Draw Something and having no clue what it is. :P
We're working hard on a record at the moment. We'll let you know when we emerge! Thanks for asking :)
RIP ESPN Regional tv“: When did replace Bill Hosket as the official Ohio State color analyst?”
#UnChained "Disappearin' Love"
Yup kendall!! That's my bitch!! I can get that here tho bruh
Models showed two complete sets levels conical choral posts from the model showed two complete sets levels conical chor :-)
SMFH!! RT : The average woman spends between 5 and 8 hours a day gossiping.
And I guess that's my cue to unfollow and not visit again...
depends on who you ask
I just wrote my first comic book script. It was like a different world. bit.ly/xtVHuk
I'm for personal freedom and making your own choices and all, but that Time magazine cover is weird.
Thank you, ugly, loud, ticking Staples clock for audibly reminding me every second that I am still at work
McGehee should get the JJ Hardy treatment and be sent down to A.
The monthly LOVIEE will be posted no later than Sunday night. Still recovering from a wild night...
Don't forget
Parents offered to buy me a new phone. The question is, do I really want one? Hm
you are a shooting star - thats why you are my favorite
thanks you too
Staying up 13 hours strait is a fucking horrible idea. -____-
Rest in peace, Etta James.. Thanks for the many great jazz, blues, and soul classics. Man, I hate leukemia.
was off the hook last night, 2nite will be even better, doors open 9pm till 3am, ALL NEW TOP SHELF #BottomlessCup, New Format
: YOLO - You. Obviously. Lack. Originality.
coming tomorrow BNI? Hope you're feeling better. :)
Got some skulls in the mind and gotta place them on them pad...
Please tell me the whip will be at
"Artists are brands as well... with huge followings & marketers behind them." of Live Nation. would agree
aw thanks ... Nice seein u
Damn John Cena files for divorce smh must suck after being with this girl since high school
i was jw but thats pretty cool u kno who this is right
If talk is silver worth, then silence is gold worth if you are not knowledgeable about the issue.
Always remember you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. ~Harriet Tubman
FCCB holders in Zenith allowed access to E&Y valuation report
#mw2012 #musesocial I don't know, I have a long history with museums and cats. it may not be a joke!
before the other people came . . . Ways of framing pre-settler contact.
same :P its been a long but good day
wait wait wait , who are you ? lol / i dont think i sent money to you so please STFU // dont start with me !
thanks for having me on the show
Ted Glasser: Unintended consequence of living tethered to mobile devices: no opportunity for isolation. Autonomy is diminished.
THE AMERICAN IDOL FINALE IS NEXT WEEK. GSKDOBFKXIWGRBFKSI GO PHILLIP<33333
“: LUNCH WITH !! MISS THAT GIRL.” -- I'm so glad I didn't have to eat by myself today!
Good but mainly songs off new album. Saw blitzen trapper too. Now pumpkin time.
thanks, maybe i'll spend it with my daughter, happy vday back to u
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
so what should I be using now instead?
Um, so our Radiothon starts tomorrow at 5:00am CDT...and the 800 line is non-existent...Can you PLEASE help??!!! Quickly!
Just ran into bay bay kids from hell
#fridayreads reading 's "Hillbilly Nationalists, Urban Race Rebels, and Black Power: Community Organizing in Radical Times."
RT if it makes you sad that after tomorrow Austin won't have braces :(((
What's the best thing that happened to you this week? Share your happy story with us!
Next few years are about good times good friends and good fortune. It's all good babybabayy
where the hell have you been?
hello Valentina thanks for the follow too I watched you're video and I like it..let me know how can I get the tooth jewelry.
thanks for the follow and support Travis congrats on a beautiful baby checkout
From the bottle? Or will you bother with a cup? :p
#BoyzAreBack!!!! A little late but you kno IDGOF! I love them Boyz
you shook of new sohh, u fucking clown.
Just listened to BT's "This Binary Universe" and moved on to "Chris Madsen Trio plays Bix Beiderbecke"
Disabled is 7 and nomdisabled is 5. And non disabled is seven
"It's when you stand out that you become outstanding." -
RT Look for the music on all things, and life will be a symphony of joy.
RT : Louisville-Jeffersonville: Thunder over Louisville gets down w craft beer. will be there! Details:...
who's having trouble? We want to help!
I just realized every tattoo I want is type based.
I don't usually care too much about the Emmys, but wow, Treme gets zero nominations??? LAME!
my uncle always messin w/ my shid , damn stay tf out my room!
Development Operations. I just roll with the titles :-)
tonight! with iProv at 9:30PM. The show is FREE FREE FREE!!!
Just blocked all my spam followers
OR CRACKER BARREL !!!
What's going on? Anything we can help with?
bad asa lol im at work listen to my cali music waitin to get off hows dancing going when u go shout me out in yo videos
Blue October is the most emotional band I've ever heard.
Haha! Well, you're also in NYC, so it's not all bad. Look forward to seeing you when you get back!
#IfIWasGhetto oh wait.. Already am!!
haha I aint tryin to take no ones bike... Im not that good on them! Haha
#YOLO... >>RT : Yo, this might be the Heat's year if you got refs playing for you. Gotta get it how you live huh? Lol.
He's probably right. Unless he guaranteed it for a specific team.
Watch "Alien Invaders" Lionfish doc. Tonight at 7:30 on
Don't cheat yourself. Do your best.
Good morning :)
Why are the Warranties and Disclaimers clauses in SHOUTING ALL CAPS when the rest of the #googledegook is in folksy non-legalese?
You should be nice; Ann Arbor is actually a very nice lady if you take the time to get to know her.
thank you for leading the senate charge to
RT : your a may baby too??? Awesome! Mines the 19th! How old u be
A beautiful evening to be outside, a glass of wine makes it even better.
How was everyone's weekend!? We've been writing like crazy! We can't wait for you all to get to hear these new songs :) -Chris
I caught ONE fish while we were fishing and my little brother caught FIVE!!!! Wow I suck
Signed, sealed, delivered. 2014 Final Four at Cowboys Stadium. Too early?
Automatic built-in rematch the following Wednesday at So many chances to suffer.
Cesar Izturis can't even lay down a suicide squeeze?! He's no Lucroy, that's for sure
Grate so im gona be terrified all day today
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on all online stores. Thank you!
you should also invest in a cruella de ville style cigarette holder then
I thought that too, but I'm pretty sure the warehouse is somewhere else.
Hey, excellent news--congratulations, Jeff! Completely well-deserved.
Thanks bud! I appreciate it.
Some parents just need to spank thier child.
#WeLoveMadison forever and ever and ever and ever <3
#SomeoneIWantToMeet All the Mahomies! <3 That would take FOREVER, literally!
aw ok
i just beat go green get lucky with 3 stars on all levels im so excited! Ps could u follow me? Plz and thanks :D
Something about Lucroy and Wolf just don't mix, and most of the time giving him the day when Wolf starts isn't an issue.
. You do realize had his fingers crossed when he tweeted that.
dumb and dumber is a classic. Great choice
RT : MKG, on what he'll do w/ 1st paycheck: “I want to spoil my mom. I think I’m going to spoil my mom to death
Not at all. ;) NOLA is just where I belong.
Out to dinner with the #bestfriend :)
2 Chains has some fighting songs
Thoughts on Jarrod Parker's first start in Oakland today?
Add upstate NY to that list, I felt it too--very subtle shaking (I thought it was me!) Then told me otherwise
so good luck finding this one boy. you will :)
RT Back on the jet to be with my family. See you in the sky! SOUNDS NICE!! SCOOP ME UP ON THE WAY!!
About to take a nap.
if I boo (haven't decided) it won't be bc he left-it will be for words said and things done since his departure.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. - Hemingway
Wed Oct 26 7PM: 'Even in a Cold Winter Zone' w/ Margaret Roach. Learn Tactics & plants of a year-round garden in photos and word!
Happy Birthday, sir!
Let my heart be wise. It is the god’s best gift.Medea
Have you been watching the show all along? I watched the pilot and am trying to decide if it is worth catching up on.
#GaleHarold my friend loves u so fucking much AND it's her Birthday today. :-)
We are finishing writing our essays and I turned mine in Friday. So i got to sit and stare at the wall all period.
good I made cupcakes
What a day! The birth of photographer Eadweard Muybridge, the end of the American Civil War, and the end of The Beatles...
hi can you please follow we are a part of Maxim
Last night....
Agree! Done.
Women Want It All And More – Why Aren 't We Getting It? [EXPERT]
Is there something we can help you with?
Oh hell no. The teacher is a joke & this class is a trip.
busy, busy, busy.... too much work... not enough time...
thats vicious... "nothing is more dangerous than a mother"...
": I love her the best ever!!"shes a great writer too and weekend update will never be the same without her
...Sticks & Stones may break my bones... whips and chains excite me... so throw me down, pull my hair, and please freaking bite me!!!
My dad always has excuses for everything.
Hey girl, I don't appreciate you gettin' at me hella filthy. watch your tone, mister!
fwiw our Cassandra FS is an in-house solution designed specifically for Drupal, not for general NFS.
I hear ya on that one! I can walk out the door and one is next to my place! I always say you only live once!
The Roots performing Sure Shot in tribute to MCA
perhaps u could wish me a happy birthday !!! #please !!
I'd totally watch that one!
Straits be pumpn this weekend brah. Swap out your euro speedo for 5mm neoprene and let's roll
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
Who would you like to see us go on tour with?!
excited to teach spin 2night at 8! are coming to class! now, what about or ?
You bet!
shout-out to Kentucky #USGenWeb from Tim Pinnick /via
Hey! How have you been?
no.. but, I'm frightened for you.
that's so sad for her to use the baby like that. People need to step back & think about what's good for a kid.
RT : History is the key to everything: politics, religion, even fashion. Eva Herzigova
Watch out for them #Bears, we got a 6'10 tightend
If my teammate had 3 points all game i wouldn't pass either
yes it is!
Hey thanks, Scott — for reading and sharing.
You know it's a special day when you say "quit eating dog food"... and it isn't to your dog.
thank da lawd its a half day.
Tell the dentist to change the station! But be nice. Remember HE has the drill!
Dear Universe, Can you send over for a visit?
Two clicks: Apple Store (bottom), then Apple icon (top).
she MIGHT have gotten away with it if she hadn't stopped completely for what felt like 10 minutes.
You know who has a super cute baby? . I want to babysit her! I promise I'll give her back. Such a cutie pie!
If you are at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on
"The function of the artist is to express reality as felt" Happy Birthday, Robert #Motherwell, b.1915
Just Followed Have Them
Sudden surprise - I just received a DM from Gwen Check out this female fronted, hard hitting, #Metal band & follow !!!
Got sucked into watch A-list for 3 hours...woops! Gotta get back to life now
Pretty cool concept there.
poor Manny Pacquaio's alleged quote never happened, the original article and publication "National Conservative Examiner" does not exist.
ReTweet us if you want to be added to our #OTPCrew List on Twitter!
Behind your back, we talk about you all the time. Behind your back, we spread some shit spread some lies.
operation find salina a place to live...and GO!
BLUE IVY IS BORN
Smoking a cigar with my dad
Running over a dead bird with the lawn mower, always fun!
Of course I'll be watching the big hockey game tonight. I'm from Minnesota. Pass the lefse and jello salad.
Will you be at your #Dodgers game tomorrow? I know I will be there.
Favorite Mark Twain quote #1: If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
Trying to brainstorm studio apartments in film and TV shows. Harder than I thought it would be. Too many "homes" are huge/aspirational.
Have you reported yet on the beating of the Atlanta teens it's all over the news and my brother is the lawyer for one of them
Right on. This my first time doing this. Asked her for information and she was less than useless. Ordered enough for the month.
jeremy evans
We're out of pudding but we do have a very nice and light roll cake from the Asian bakery.
My favorite messy recipe is my homemade marinara. It has to simmer for 5 hrs and it always bubbles all over the stove!
I can't wait for this race to be over. 5ks is all im thinking about until October
Hahaha. Hey, did you see Lady Gaga Thanksgiving?
think of weed, then smoke some if you got it, then go to sleep
glad to hear it. Enjoy, it's awesome.
Second Round is complete with Mika Miyazato (-5) leading. Third round tee times to begin at 3:15PM off holes #1 and
Nice! What bar? : At a bar in Seattle dropping Limbeck, Casket Lottery, and Ultimate Fakebook on the jukebox. Amazing.
Did anyone else realize today how little they care about Obama's stance on gay marriage?
Potentially! Haha. I'll let you know
I am on a plane home from Iowa right now... Where were you?!
#HonestyNight i`m really not a freak but i love to please my lover
RT If You KNOW Ur Gettin Justin Bieber's Someday Perfume Tmr!!! I AM!!!! (;
Rihana looks great
that's what I keep telling myself! :)
Happy Friday!
via Newjerz Prince Life is like being on stage! So everyday you should try and look your best!
#TRILLMATIC In A Few Minutes..rt
We only get reimbursed if we are presenting at the conference.
RT no problem you've got a nice collection
everyone knows you go to the "hardware" store to get hammered...
aww I loved the rain when it was here! My garden looks more than alive!
we made the mistake of going to the theater way to late yesterday
I'm already spread wide open, just have your way with me already.
RT “: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally. Vote yes actors” YES!! You ROCK!
I am at my place in Bucktown, no concert
The moment our eyes met<3
on the side with some southern comfort.lol happy turkey day Blake.
RT if YOU would like ME to FOLLOW YOU on a different account of MINE!? <3
thank you! Glad you enjoyed the pic
my name is micael and i m a doer! :D
The biggest bid'ah of our times is that huquq al-'ibad are not considered to play any role in spirituality & piety. -Ml. Shah Wasiullah (R)
Back in ocraM's dungeon.... Don't mind the screams.
they're not
#3WordsForYou Leave me alone
How's Everyone
what are you doing tonight
You have to give a ton of credit for staying loyal to Gary Henderson, UK takes series from LSU.
Thanks, Have fun today. , all is forgiven. for now ;-)
Should be sleeping. But now I'm hungry. And my confidence is as low as my blood pressure. Oops.
That was random and I don't care.
Thanks for making my computer useful again.
