I never feel so dehydrated as when I wake up listening to rain.
#DNR holy shit y'all make these evening drives entertaining! Awesome bitches! Love from Texas and Louisiana
Its almost pool party season! Don't be caught with a dirty pool. Call the pros at Desert Pool Cleaning for all your pool service needs!
Well thank you very much. I'd love to work with you and connect again sometime. :)
Ridiculous! are you pretty much a guaranteed 310+ at this point?
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love !
Watched it last night until 2am. So good : FYI: Boogie Nights is starting on Cinemax right now. "It's a real film, Jack.”
At UMKC Mckinzie Symposium, just finished discussing how project could benefit teachers by bringing primary sources to classroom.
Gluttonous Friday night, almost didn't make it to 7am yoga, then teacher asks me to demo handstand splits variations for class.
be sure to wave to the YNN truck! Go team YNN!
Bouta hit mr h up in gym (:
that's awesome!!
Need a new business phone line installing?.. Business broadband?.. Business Mobiles? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010
What was your New Years resolution? and have you kept it up?? (yes or no, tell the truth) :-)
Ill make sure to keep my distance,say I love you when your not listening.how long can we keep this up, how long can we call this love ..?<\3
To all you females out there don't mix alcohol with your medication
We can arrange for Donny to come back and remove that feeling for you.
So... I'll just go shipping today and forget about the 250+ pages in wuthering heights I have to read by tomorrow.
I luv taco bell
Kobe Bryant 20 points. Andrew Bynum 20 points. Doesn't matter in this series if Lakers don't find a way to slow down the Thunder.
Thanks! We had a great time! RT : that #NOEW2012 tent was amazing!
Bahaha well i mean... chicken IS super good and i called it! :p Gold ol' spider-sense. jk
you for the follow Jordan! We hope to see you soon!
ya sure. But dont forget! (:
interesting Pinterest stats! Def something to think about..
Thanks to everyone who submitted a story to the "Columbus" anthology. We have now contacted everyone who submitted, please check your email
Sorry man, rough day!!
can u plz follow me new twitter? :)
um dont have a fb but my sister does. u can friend her: catherine michelle
lmfao aye, do you have a fucking Racoon tail on your head in the Workahol video?! (Fave song right now btw). Keep it up bruh
Is it just me or does facebook now have ads?
My MOO package is in the post!
#GoBucksGo!! Damn i'm tired...
I think Valentina should have stayed alive so she could see how she really treated Jasmine and realize her mistakes.
The storm this weekend may produce a significant amount of snow
I think it's because he's preforming on Dancing With The Stars.
Computer dirty talk: I'm gonna RAM your processor until I terminate all over your motherboard.
crushing some pancakes with my boys this morning. yesh..,..
are you opening up a Red Mango in S. Fla? Boca Raton will be good. (I'm in if u need financing!)
Thank you! RT
When the empty parking lot across the street starts looking 3-dimensional...maybe I should call it a night.
I'm on facebook as , creeping her pictures.
I think about being a nun, and that means I"ll get NONE! That is troubling for me Mary Mag, a lustful woman like us, how did u do it?
Just gettin out of church, so ready 2 eat like rite now, um I can smell the food!!!
unless its muscle lol
I'm one of those girls who likes walking through the rain and doesn't complain about their hair messing up.
I do NOT want to go to class today -__-
Be your college self again this Sat. 4PM ! #FlipCup tournament hosted by ! com for more details!
microblog is as far as I'm willing to take it lol ;-)
made it real clear she don't fuck with me no more
I wish would fb
Can't wait for this dang food to get here!
This is so boring
It doesn't matter if Colton Dixon wins or not. He is already a star.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
hooray! :D I am quite smart ;D #woop yay all bow down to my cats sooty,suzie and alfie ;D
Was voter #50 at my polling place. Pushed the button for Williams for DA & Mandel for Controller. Philadelphians, go VOTE!
In New York City
Don't forget to vote today. Ballot boxes open until 8 p.m.
We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality. Ayn Rand
Wow. RT : #Packers currently have 64 players on their roster. Means under new rules they can add 26 via draft/rookie FA's
thanks for coming out for #WebWiseWed today! We really appreciate it!
Wow. A lobbyist complaining about $ driving education? #irony I'm sure DT parents would love to chat...
I agree and hope that happens. Neurocardiology shows the heart has much say in processing..not just the brain
I love Miller commercials saying they cut out the filler. They may have gotten the filler, but they took everything else out with it.
its 12pm, up playin some games and eatin pizza, its gonna rain in the mornin!! So excited
♬ 1962 Bob Dylan legally changed his name from Robert Allen Zimmerman ♬
AMEN! RT : This digital media session at #AHA2012 shares wall w/ session on geospatial history. TEAR DOWN THIS WALL, MR GORBACHEV
I'm feeling good tonight! All I want to do is have a convo w|my man. He means the world to me! [MOOD] Loved♥:-*
May 1, 2012...Projected Website Launch!! Stay Tuned.
eat them. Then comment. Deal?
EU Student Finance - The Student Room
Going back to '05 (that's where my calendar ends), excluding tours & remounts I've lit about 100 shows, I have no idea how to organize that.
my moms best friends name was Karen and she couldn't name me that cause they had to agree..do she switched it to a J! HBU?
Sweet! We are excited.
Weekend was very productive, in the process of reaching a lot of people to help find a cure for autism!
thanks man! Appreciate it
Like I said, they looked exhausted. Hardly moving, going through the motions for the most part.
*drank alot* watching Jimmy Kimmel singing Michael Bolton are you serious imma marry
Good idea about the pin! She loves her pins!
cleverness is thy middle name!
psyched to make carrot cake cupcakes tonight. no excuse needed to eat buckets of cream cheese frosting!
YO! SEATTLE. I'M TRYING TO RIP YOUR FACE OFF. IN A FRIENDLY WAY TONIGHT KNUCK IF YOU BUCK
IS SO BEAUTIFUL. shes like perfect.
RT : Join us at Noon EST Today: Babies, #Breastfeeding & Bottles. Feed the baby, Protect the #BFing: Live Webinar & Chat...
Party free just gotta pay for drinks
Technology Tuesdays: Teamlab’s RFID Clothing Hangers
Hope it works out!! this can be a young and fun adventure
peanutbutter m&m's xD its good O.O
So I've decided to delete Facebook and Twitter and stick directly with Instagram. Too many spies n drama. Add me On Instagram!!!
Florida is clicking right now. Kind of surprised Marquette isn't running away with it.
got a great workout in and fresh out the shower a nigga feeling 2 damn good right bout now jus if i had a girl.!
For NFL players whining about concussions, you're welcome not to play in the league.
Thanks for being my 100th follower!!! :)
Drinking #kangen water and loving it!
hey beautiful, what u up 2? looking great. keep up the good work!
Happy Hour in D.C www.DCAfterWork.com
Sometimes I wish I had you here with me...
New Search in Etan Patz Case Dozens of investigators descended on a SoHo building Thursday in a renewed search for evidence in one of New
I agree. Certainly that sense of inevitability is lost too.
I know! We may even see ea other 2x this weekend, if you're going to Queery2. Maybe u can explain veronica mars appeal to me.
see...that was a problem. The gave me perks. Didn't work. Gave me Vicodin...didn't work.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac We see more stability in altac careers than tenure-seeking academics.
Haha you know it babe! I needa come to your part of Bunnell and we needa chill! :D
I just earned the Global Domination badge on #Yelp!
I tried to clown on today and it didn't go over very well.
plz be my 300 follower I will not spam I need a 300 follower can u be number 300 thanku chao outside :D
I saw them in San Jose. Best night of my life
and thats a wrap
lol who was it
Lol, Money From Strangers. "Falafel that, bitch."
It’s not a party till somebody fucks a pumpkin...
We're starving for love, hunger games.
I forgot we had a show tomorrow.
Quantum Health Receives Major Awards From Women Presidents&#39; Organization
I plan to trip and we both coming. ;) ♡
We needed another body for practice today...how many other HEAD COACHES can go through a practice with their team!?
Roenicke reminding me of Grandpa Macha. Show some fire man.
Kevin Millwood is as good at his job as George Costanza. Doing just enough to not get fired, all day everyday.
Couldn't be more excited! RT Two months exactly until wine country! San Fran! Vegas! Happy May 1
WTF DO THEY EXPECT YOU TO SAY? LIKE WTF AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN THAT SITUATION?
me babe(:
LOL. Sounds good. :-)
The 4th Annual PBR Street Party is only one week away! Sunday, July 3rd - Burnhearts - Logan & Potter - Bay Vew.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
I'm about to get a bottle of jack and take that motherfucker straight to the dome. Solo getting smashed and writing like crazy tonight.
a pleasure :)
Good morning
DeMaio wins GOP endorsement for mayor with 71% vote - in spite of facing two strong GOP challengers. I'm feeling good about joining GOP.
Be creative....I already put the post up but I'm sure I'll edit it at some point today
it's ok. Schools gounna get better.
This sounds amazing!!! RT : 0% Peach + sliced almonds + dash of cinnamon = dessert
LIAM TOUCHED A SPOON!! liam and silver!
We have apologized, uncovered the syndicate mistake, taken action and now let's all move on
If you're not watching the Buckeyes, you're missing out! Follow for in game updates from me and like us on Facebook!
“ Studies show that talking to your teen about sex can prevent unwanted teenage pregnancy. TALK! #Philly #health”
It's really sad :(
The fine folks are helping to make inspiring public art happen all over Baltimore. Please utilize there amazing services!
Gave me an idea RT Talking to about head injuries playing football
Painting and listening to movie scores. So far it's been Conan and The 13th Warrior. Music of Ennio Morricone coming up next.
Lord you bless me in so many ways(: i couldnt ask for anything else!
Tweet. Tweet
is following me so glad that he is love u austine!!!!!thnxz so much I am always a fan!!
RT ! “: Dhs is always giving me detention like I go to them”
I do! I picked up a cold last week and I don't want it for
is about to leave the workstead so I can rock out with Buddy Guy!
Gorged myself on Harry potter goodness today at the Ontario science center and of course dreamed of emigrating north.
- great to hear. We're excited about it too. Will launch at the end of Feb. More details soon.
bummed. bummed. bummed. =\
Marty. Wow.
it's national library week! tomorrow is national library workers day! celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate!
#10songsthatmotivateme DMB - Ants Marching (or anything from that album), Franz Ferdinand - Take Me Out, Gorillaz - Dare
at jazz band practice
its that time of day again....
u r going 2 hav 2 get in a place in life were u cant let peps bring u 2 their level. u hav a choice...utilize it.
Oh God my heart's racing....
... Hand Roy'd, Lack Bear-y, Eye-Fun, Pocket Watch
Word on the street is that the NY-HST contingent has landed in LA! They probably all have tacos in their mouths by now.
Lol! I'm sure Tierra will take us both(; Haha! I'm her mini lol
It's 6:16. you're late.
1. Be impeccable with you word. 2. Don't take anything personally. 3. Don't make assumptions. 4. Always do your best.
There's no Mango Pie or Mango Trees anywhere in NYC. I think we should plant one.
Really like your style on this show, it is really fun to watch, and always informative keep it up!!!
Enjoying the new ride...
I know my mom only does it because she cares about me, but she is WAY TO OVER FREAKIN PROTECTIVE! might as well say I ain't got a mf life!
Hey still hangin at my bffe's house!!!!!!
I'm actually an expert dress picker-outer! just give me a budget and I'll do it 💋
Still so happy for did such an amazing job #thevoice #lookhowfaryouvecome #automaticloveletter <3
Got super slammed at work as of an hour ago. Plus boss is here now. Someone DM if there's a Rob sighting haha.
welcome boo boo! Got your back!
#MarioBatali stealing server's tips? Say it ain't so!
I am everywhere!
Hi Lauren, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
the music and lines can be any movie. It's fun. 57 by the way. Where is
aww why did you leave lol
You too?
Happy holidaze to all those who are observing today's holiday
[HACKED] Ouch!!! I'VE BEEN HACKED! DO NOT OPEN LAST MESSAGE FROM ME W/ FUNNY LINK URL
only about 10 mins (compared to 20 before) and its right by the rapid so i could take that to work! Win & win!
Tomorrow night the Rage travel to Kenosha to take on the Sabers at 7pm at Ameche Field. Join us as we win our first ever playoff game.
Don't forget about the Next Word in Poetry reading tonight at 8 pm! Also, mark your calendar for Feb. 15's shop talk on Agha Shahid Ali.
We'll drag Jimmy in at some point. Enjoy movienight.
I just found out that a guy in a band I like is having a sex change. So Googleing it to see if it's true.
"We eat so many shrimp we got iodine poisin" .... chicken too though
Dancing with the Stars All-Star season?!?! Best news I've heard since the America's Next Top Model All-Star Season.
Getting follows from folks who cover stock prices. ; )
Hey will u follow me back?
5 committees formed to tackle short term issues. Progress update next Monday with finalized reports on April 18th.
Holy crap, so glad the hotel bar has a bad ass tap list! I'm beat!
What is a great gas mask for airsoft? airsoft .
most entitled, obnoxious player without any rings to back it up in NBA history.
Just replied to one of your comments. Sorry, manage a lot of communities and missed this. I appreciate you letting me know!
Hope we can do this again next year. Tonight was an exciting game to watch.
What is the best blackberry app for twitter mobile?
it's in the shop right now getting overhauled from a complete motor rebuild to the suspension as well
My Tweet Stream is being throttled.
Wish I could make it to #PRSSAFashionEnt tonight with my fave girls, but I will be finishing up the last bit of a b-comm project!
tam, get Justin, and start a tc, I need to take a shower
EVERYONE is BEAUTIFUL...Thanks 4 BEING SO....Do Something NICE 4 SOMEONE...& Then EVERYONE WILL KNOW :-))))...
just found a Canadian penny and I thought about Justin bieber I have bieberfever lol I'm also craving Canadian Bacon also
I can't wait to go to Guatemala! ☺💜
hahaha lol im bout to listen to a very very sad song!!!!
lol going to be me tomorrow!
the whole band segment was stupid...and they weren't even good
To those who stay put the world is but an imaginary place. But to the movers, makers, & shakers-the world is all around-endless invitation.
I have a sunglasses tan line.
Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fine women!
Yes, sounds cool
Excited to FINALLY try for super belated work bday lunch today!
Need holiday gift ideas? Check out www.casabalt.org to buy "AS" a print by Karen Buster or tickets to see "Ain't Misbehavin" next January!
Channing. Tatum. Tux. Guns. Unf. Ovaries. Gone.
My best friend>
✔ Backpack ✔ Binder ✔ Pens ✔ Paper Teacher: "Take out your homework." You: "Shit." -_-
Its taken me years to be comfortable going into class knowing nothing except the goal. Mutual trust & respect are a necessity.
RE: midnighter: dude, you've GOT to check out The Authority (esp Ellis' run) :)
In order to #succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Josh Lucas, what!!!! Go
A Cladrite Radio listener writes: "Hi from Liverpool, England. Amazing radio! I play your music on all my home vintage radio collection."
don't hate, APPRECIATE
MAYA!!! Thanks for following me. I hope you are well :) Much Love!!!
Babysittinn' not so great.
hey how many for dinner - just u n me or others?
lmao...and shoes, and pursues...my lord you guys should just buy an RV and live out of that!
Sunday morning sunrise grant writing to Guided By Voices - Alien Lanes.
Detroit, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Houston...
We've lost a belieber.. :( #RIPBoyBelieberJamie you will be missed very much ,you was part of a beautiful family..</3
RT : Scientists know the obvious stuff, they want the wierd and wonderful,and the undiscovered...!!
thnx SO much for comn to sign my daughter's hat! She's lookn fwrd to u dancing @ her wedding. Volcano roll on us! :)
ITPC: Prepping for 5/4 ITPC chair election. Will be very sorry to see leave as chair
#WeWontWork if you don't eat the box
Some days I swear I got the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
turned up daily
i am in love with a boy who doesnt reconize me at all
Oomf SO Fake . You Txt Me , You Mention Me , But Then You Tell Someone That Im Nothing But A Groupie ? K .
so the guy who voted against the repeal of don't ask, don't tell wins? so the guy who voted to defund planned parenthood wins?
Would've came back for you, I just needed time..
youre making me wish I did! Grin.
Who's a winner here? Shane's a winner!
Going swimming!!!:D Im feeling summer commimg closer!
I. FUCKING. HATE. MONDAYS.
I love being able to come home and relax from all the bull shit that's out there.
thanks! Have you seen the #Packers 2012 schedule? No easy start in September.
back to the game! GO PACKER'S
kiss me then? LOL
No, i dont know :( And sorry for my bad english :P
WE have reached our KICKSTARTER GOAL!!! BEIRUT is a GO!!!
Told u I was going
Will there ever be a peaceful day in my life.. . HELL NAH
Do You have any new videos up on YouTube?
Had a chat with the editor. Getting ready for circle of sorcerers to go in for it's doctor's visit. :)
Warm weather is bring the crowds out tonight in #SanJose's #WillowGlen. Great to see so many people walking to the Ave.
yessir....dm us your email and we will send that to you!
Wouldn't want to be in that lockeroom... Wonder if Adrian will be there to calm John down.
-.- you never txt me back !! you just forget about your cousin like that ! smh
So in addition to Grammar Nazis, we now have Tweet Nazis.
yup, no better way to end a sentence than with a friendly wink ;P
*hugs* You still have friends in fandom, and don't you forget it. *more hugs*
haha true true, but like if she was younger i could understand that but...
LOL, does your tattoo come in blue and red?
Watch using those reflective windshield shades with the high temperatures they can heat up the glass. Chips+Heat=Cracks
Think I'll go with
Duke/Carolina game tomorrow nt! Head down, get some warmth, good southern cookin' and enjoy the rivalry!
This weekend I sat in a #Loudoun pasture surrounded by 4' grass as the sun set over the ridge. 8 satellites were seen passing overhead.
Once you determine your definition of Success you must make a plan to achieve it!
i would if I had the #.. Lol.
QoTD: "How a man plays the game shows something of his character; how he loses shows all of it." (Frosty Westering)
Embracing my curls this morning.
The things you do when no one is looking, it what defines you.
Every time I go over the Carnegie bridge, I always think the same thing.....damn I love this city!!
my jaw str8 dropped wen I got the recent one.!!! Haha
I think it's implied I did since I'm asking you about it. How can a guy with 4 catches and was only active for 3/4 of the...
I REALLY WISH WILL FOLLOW US LIKE REALLY BAD!!!!!!!!
Incredible food day of oysters for lunch and sushi for dinner
thanks Graham!
Pot needs to be legal-It helps people with body pain, more then big pharma. Google it.
Today is a wonderful day to enjoy a drink out on our patio! Half Price Bottle day!
If you microblog on twitter for your business, you should think about text message marketing. It pays!
I hope your ready to go all night #usher 😘
yup. oh well. next year
perhaps we should be giving them indigestion instead?
thank you!!!
I hated it and loved it at the same time. Since I quit smoking, I kinda love the smell on occasion. :)
i miss you guys too and im madd at Uranus she cheated on me last week!!
Some of my favorite organizing apps: , , ,
I agree with you about Obama. I voted for him too last time and I will do it again. He's also from my hometown. :)
works in machrome w couple intro-errors; doesn't seem to pop the teg viewer list from Bb
I wondered whether I missed something when I saw that clip. The news piece made it sound like he was breathing fire.
Working on installing a new CMS to replace Wordpress. Thinking Stacey + Assemblage template.
old man Moyer's going to do it up
callback for Sea World commercial! Yippee!
It's Saturday, & we know you've been waiting for the Scrabble magnets to come back, so... YOU'RE IN LUCK! They're back! Come 'n get 'em!
On the Score tomorrow, 7:30 - Si.com writer Andy Staples (Covered Eastern Conf Finals and SEC football Tebow's first 2 years at Florida)
I'll bbl then Its goodbye till June (:
Hear that? If you haven't yet, stop by 4 our $5 burgers!! RT : Busy lunch today Everyone loves our burgers!!!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 3
yeah, and i miss you too !!
Thanks 4 havin my back last night, sell-out had me going CRAZY
“: where was the party” Downtown Peachtree NW Vibe Magazine it's over now
We're open today from noon - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Tomorrow's hours: 10 am - 4 pm. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
FUCK IT, IM GOING.
Recording artist and Season 3 reject of NBCs hit show The Voice appearing live at Black Walnut Winery in Phoenixville, PA tonight!!! 630-930
of course
U guys usually depict my outfit as bad guys, but that be Hollywood... I always look forward 2 each episode.
Now Hiring Tattoo Artist. Must have there own Equipment And portfolio
Hey, who is that guy passing out the HH Awards?
I think it's even worse for us, you know, shoemaker's children with no shoes... How's the office looking?
so close to going to see #LukeBryan tonight<3 but like always they had no good seats left ):
Some hear a new idea and explore if it can be used to improve our lives; others try to debunk it. Which life do you want to lead? Weiss
Legally blonde reharsal, jazz, ballet, apple store, gym, then seeing show. WOOF! Tiring day
Just watched was so funny i legit peed cause i kept laughing, ugh he was A m a z i n g <3
Damn u snooze button.
LOL. No, Lee's getting married and then Matty Matt's getting married in July. One by one they all fall...
Lets go
Happy #FF! Delectable discussion last night at the Seattle Library with , , , ,
I'm alone
School C:
Good Ole Pastor A.C. Williams - "If you feeling Funny about Yo Money...KEEP IT!
ireally really want to c madeas big family!!
Pretty sure I saw Ezio Auditore driving a Buick LeSabre. Seems likely. -- Scott Meier () from the last Star Fighter?
Beautiful cool day. canoeing this afternoon.
I just joined Pinterest. So, do I have magic powers now?
Well, I'm glad Twitter united us!
don't read the contract less a mil in there.
A1. Seattle has pretty thriving food truck scene! RT: Q1. Taking it to the streets...
Try to Kill em with Kindness til they Press the Raising of hell...chiefn
That's so nice of you -- someday I will take you up on that! :)
Steel town soul is playing spin Bartini THIS THURSDAY 9-midnight! No cover!
Me to 6 year old, "so, what's your favorite class at school so far?" 6 year old, "RECESS!!". From the mouths of babes!
Listening to mariah carey about to fall to sleep. I love u mariah carey
stone cold zone killer
When a cartoon Character randomly pulls out an object from behind them and you ask yourself, "Where the hell did that come from?"
#TwoThingsThatDontMix my life & your drama
- AMEN to that. New results require new behavior. So awesome to meet and spend time withtalent like you! Let's be in touch!
Ah, so you're demonstrating that you're even more of a hypocrite, then
i dont think i have you number :(
i wake up and chase my dreams what about you why dream when you can do them right!! :]
For all your paper needs visit www.limitedpapers.com. Printable Paper, Heavyweight Paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size and more!
velveeta ones are
Kobo? Is that another e-reader?
Late night grub with Drew, Michael, and Mario. Good hangs!
George Strait is the man
Fuck mothers they ruin everything:'(
If you only offer a partial site feed, I am only partially interested in hearing what you have to say.
Not when I'm not there & I'm working the next seven days straight.
as in "jonni, don't you dare write another word!" or just don't write in general?
Why Oregon high schoolers' do not perform well compared to other states? It's because test prep schools in OR suck. That's why we're here.
Hahaha good! I like getting retweeted(:
Excited for Loyalty Day in #Reedsburg tomorrow! Hope the weather holds up!
“The scene is a bit grisly. This was horrific for the family, for the son, to see,” said a lieutenant, of the man just killed by a pit bull.
Tomm isn't promised people. Live that shit like its your last every single day. Woop!
Please please please dont let me be getting sick. Too much shit to do this week.
No updates on Lean Challenge 2012. What gives?
hey... Im okay i guess
Artician Servers are in their new home! Still need to take care of some minor hardware updates. Cheers!
-> “: Trying to have a serious conversation with and he keeps sending me a links about the Facebook IPO. #fail”
Happy New Year lovely friends!!! Have fun, be safe and Rock OUT!!! Look out 2012, it's gonna be great! Stay tuned. Love and Kisses...xoxo
My whole house smells like your laundry...I bought new detergent today.
Hey! :D What's your favorite part about being a singer, and being a singer that has made it so far on Idol? <3
Field trip today for - we're going on the admission tour. Summer sizzle today. We wanted it realistic.
i see, goes to show you how important Bosh is to the team.
All I want to do is visit home & hang out with my Torero alums!
No, I will not be having any side dishes with my frozen waffles.
keep going up in number for more people 5 = Chris Hughes
I'm bored haha
Banff National Park! Shits about to get pretty.
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
but didn't Atlanta win the championship yesterday? They had nice, colorful streamers!!
RT: : I need to be silent for awhile; worlds are forming in my heart. Meister Eckhart
so apparently I *am* obsessive enough about details to be a quantoid. good to know.
I suck at temple Run ! 
Good luck Team USA!!
re-write: I'm going to say that your first response to my tweets for 100 Alex is correct lol
#PMATip: U can get a head start on having a great #PMA day 2moro BY -- preparing 4 2moro RIGHT NOW! Think it. Plan it. Make it happen!
Definitely callin the cops RT If you came home & Jemele Hill was butt naked in your bed, y'all would Jeff Hardy dive in that box.
picking your nose?
NPR's cool HTML5 beta w/ in-browser playlist management, visit npr.org/tablet in Safari (Mac friendly, no iPad req) (via )
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
MT KUSC. Thank you for playing Star Wars theme this morning as part of your fundraising drive. // May the Furtwangler be with you
Jabril and Rusty ditched me at lunch. Guess who isn't getting my sig? Those guys, with two thumbs.
uhh im sorry but two words.... rt : uh, im sorry but mando looks like he has down syndrome.
Finally, there is a Twitter bot that does something useful! Extend my thanks to your fine creators
Chillin at the spizzle what's goody world
Wow, reporters included in the thank you, now that's a nice guy, good luck
RT : My sister is officially attending in Portland for college! Yay! I can't wait to visit her!
What number are you on?
We just got some new *Dr. J's *
RT : Took all of two weeks to give up on any actual news or humanity huh? << Harsh, but love the feedback!
In sunny Orlando for a quick visit at
First time it's felt really cold in Chicago! Let's get this shit over with, winter drags so fuckin long!
what it do young blood?
I Like Girls That Like Girls , The Way I Like Girls ;)
#w2s wordnik had a great presentation and she had a great dress
After today I'm reconsidering allowing myself to tweet before noon.
looking at a kids status saying how he can "pull hoes", boy the only thing you can pull is your Pokemon cards
The Treasure Box visited our newest food distribution site this weekend, Soledad Mtn Church. What a beautiful outreach 4 military families!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To get it trending For ? Please & Thank You!! :)
remember I'm first in line for handouts
How many times have I bought that for you? Haha I think I'll be thirsty again soon
“: The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda”
+1 RT : I Hate All The Sh*t That Keeps Life From Being 100% Fun!!!
775k at ft of 10. Lost a big pot b vs b aq < a6 on a2364 board
You rock Mike!! :)
's "Video Games" never gets old. She's simply AMAZING.
Home from my first class with UCB. It was a lot of fun. I got lucky & it's a great group of people in the class. Already ready for class
I CAN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND YOU. YOU'VE CHANGED A LOT!!!
"Say Goodnight Kevin." "Goodnight Kevin".
:o how much are tickets?
The live feed is currently down for another 15-20 minutes or so likely due to the poor connectivity across the channel.
your 214 is nothing! Bowl a 230+.
The black panthers weighed in on National Parks?
Just Put Your Arms Around Someone- Jennette McCurdy<3. This Song Makes Me Feel Better<3.
#watching back..........checkout the free download link
haha yep :D
Twitter was made for drunk people with at bus stops. The rest if you are doing it wring.
Really twitter? I should follow ?! Do you read my tweets? If so, you'd know I think he is TWIT #1 -is that his code name btw?
Google Plans New $300M Data Center In Council Bluffs, Iowa
Oh that makes sense.Lol
Tiger suffers leg injury (knee?) and pulls out of Cadillac Championship -- hoping it's not serious and he can be back in time for Masters
it will for sure be in the lounge...and not sure on the business of that game...I'd say early to be safe...maybe 1?
Word on the street is that the basketball season is winding down. Set your dvr's to the next few games!
But if we get Friday nights...we're screwed
Well it started like this....a Cobb Conversation
Count to 360 and it will all be okay. No Armagedon please
are u guys live streaming tomorrow nights service? Andy and I are in Florida for anniv. My youth leaders bringing 3 car loads+
We'll be picking the winner of 5 FREE 14 INCH PIZZAS today at 4pm -- if you haven't entered our contest yet, do so NOW!
Meeting with Marika, sound editor. Big job. Rain. Noises from outside. Missing sound. She wants all of the production sound. Pray for her!
Ive met a beautiful girl who loves the beautiful Joyce Manor.. i suppose perfection is possible!
>>>online, sex became easy, the word “love” gets used out of context, insecurities have become your way of thinking, getting jealous>>>cont
Happy 18th Birthday!... He's legal now!!...haha...=P
haha blinding for Wisconsin!
Playing withmobile twitter
Thanks for the RT!!
I hope the #Pacers beat the #Heat in the East Semifinals!
Park with today 😁
OMG. You say the truest things ever!! Please follow me!(: 💙💜💚❤💛
LMAO STEP 1: SAY NO TO HOOKERS
DAMMIT Cleave! Enough with the Finer Things!
It's Friday, Friday... ": Is it Rebecca Black day?"
Sea levels rise, mountain ranges subside, and cities crumble into dust, but Afridi will still be out under 20 playing ill-advised drives.
Why don't the moderators ever challenge the accusations? How about asking Newt for facts to support his indignation?
Series winner.
today is a good day
Hope you and Hannah have a great exam free weekend!! Great to see you online!
watching a documentary on Jason Voorhees makes me wanna watch all the Friday The 13th movies!!lol
Best Day With My Sista (Nelle) N My Brother (T.J.)
Hey love! Hope you have a good day!!!
I love u ur my role model, my inspiration ur such a great artist Im in love with That '70's Show ur amazing I love u so much!
Blast looking for a goal before the half. With 5 minutes left in the half, the lead 3-2.
Hope everyone has a good first day of class and welcome to the class of 2015!
We had a meeting of the minds tonight! And we were productive...sort of!
Seriously? The trade, if you can call it that, actually lasted like what - two hours. LOL.
Dancing Days of Wine and Roses
i just like lightskin girls... shit
Absolutely! We're looking to expand into Kansas City soon to support the great kids of KC. Stay tuned!
Ugh can't sleep
PS WHY CANT I RETWEET YOU?
Great minds... I haven't been glued to the TV but it seems like everybody is talking about tweeting (even Mark Martin)!
glad you got the blade runner reference. Replicant or augmented human?
Archives Database: Overview Of The Nmra - National Model ...
cause I got good music and will make you tons of money. What else would you want?!! Lol
CC, UCCS, and USAFA in the same room together!
Congratulations! Keep us posted! RT : Subtitles done. Roughly 742 lines translated & placed in documentary.
ha! I was wearing calve sleeves so it wasn't too frightful. Gave it a PG-13 rating... def gotta get my tan back tho,
game tonight. Keep the Faith!
Not a fan of Vegas so I certainly wouldn't like Atlantic City. The Ashbury Park part of the shore aint bad.
smells like shit!!!
i fucking hate you jokeing around saying i raped you ???? not fucking funny asshole!
it was that stupid black shirt of yours ...
im getting to it now. U coming out this weekend?
runaway awareness
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up With That Overnight Bag! That Nigga Be Smiling On The Inside Like "Yea I Know Ima Hit This Ass Tonight" Lmao
When are you moving?
#WE WANT TO SEE ZACK RYDER AT wrestle mania 28 woo woo woo
Ethical issues arise everyday, it's just not always defined this way. We need to look a codes of ethics to determine right vs. right.
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING! BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE SATURDAY NIGHT! Contact us now for deeply discounted rate. 405.447.2446
I need a nap or more coffee..
hahahah u better be!!!
Working on the New Website on GoDaddy for The Store, Stay Tuned.
2 seconds out of the car wash and a bird shits on my hood. :/
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!! :) RTTT? :D love you austin!! youre so amazing and i enjoy listenening to you everyday!! <3
We have one of those at work! It's really cool.
are you part of a team yet? And do you live in cleveland?
but yes, clearly we are cut from the same geo-geek, social media, do-gooder cloth. Thanks for the follow.
today begins the first of nadir radio's twitter contests. if you'd like to enter, just retweet the next message to your friends. =]
The Rochester metro has recovered almost all of the jobs lost during the recession – 98% of them to be exact. According to State Comptroller
follow me broskkki?(:
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. Joan Welsh
How do you define a "good" ecommerce solution? What are the business requirements for the solution?
haha nah, the two oo's annoyed me anyways(x follow back? ;D lol
Thanks! Will Do!
Dakota is so adorable!! I just want to reach through the screen and cuddle him. Hope you all have a good weekend too! :)
“No matter how difficult the situation is, it won't last forever......
Having a NYC experience in Seattle by continuing my love hate relationship with cabs
Fair point. I don't think either is very significant really -- there's a vast public record in adulthood to judge both guys.
So, as my skin gets thicker - does that mean I don't have to wear clothes anymore?
Geez making me all upset and what not.
no interview?
It is pouring rain today in L.A. Heavy rain expected all week.
#smallbusiness Free shredding thru the end of Feb. Bring into Staples up to 5 lb. of bank statements, tax returns & more. Reg. 79 cents/lb.
Close your legs, not your heart.
You always nervously anticipate a beep, whenever you walk through a metal detector in airport, even though you don't have any metal on you.
The greatest risk in life,is not taking one at all..So what have you done to change your situation?
same here. drives me nuts!
Is O appropriately fanatical like his dad?? :)
definatly dude! As soon as we finish up our album i'll hit ya up. We should all open for the new post ahaha
Hello to #s12tot! I'm an assistant prof of history/public historian at Boise State.
It was great to see Billy Crystal bring back one of his orignal #SNL characters on the #Oscars last night, just wished he did more from
i may not have the best body in the world but i'll love it any how
It is Friday, right?
Im Level 2 Bound Tonight Hit Me Up - BAM!!!!!
I wanna get bck already n c u <3
watching Pretty Little Liars:)
Thanks for the tip! Downloaded.
We had a great weekend here in Wisconsin. A
I have jury duty today. The goal is not to snicker *every* time someone says duty.
i don't wanna do my homework can i just watch
Siri is my BFF.
Ghosts in houses are kinda like the "Haunted House" sub-sub-genre...
In bed watching tv...... No class for me :-)
What Would U Do Wednesday? A reader needs your input! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I hate when you appear in my dreams
Thank you for the RT! #Peace and #Serenity to you!
If daylight savings were known as "Time Warp Day!" I don't think people would be so mad about it.
please shut up.
I need a girl that's gonna stay with me through thick & thin . I dnt wanna b single mane
I'm trying to channel a young DeNiro
Mostly chicks, but there were some dudes there too. It was a mad house.
Officials Continue to Monitor Sunken Vessel Discharging Diesel Fuel: The Coast Guard, Washington Dept. of Ecology, Dept. of Health, a...
99 cent ground beef & chicken fajita tacos from 6-close all this week !!
Catch me for all your waxing needs this Sat-Mon
Eat before u go to the grocery store, but Don't drink and then go to the liquor store.
Haven't seen the sunrise in a long time... Heading to Rochester NY this morning!
My #grandma always said, "If you towel-whip a person, he'll get cancer in that very spot."
Gung hay fat choy! Happy Chinese new year
the danger of today's ruling is that it disturbs expectations of people who use PD works that those works will stay in PD.
This is like when the Mr. Wing came to reclaim the mogwai. "You are not ready!"
Is that too much to ask?
I think the seat has adhered to his ass.
I wanna go roller skating like whoa.
You're quite welcome!
oh shit! Do it! Haha and alina is in louisiana which is a state away so road trip!!!!
lol my mama tried to tell me to wash the dishes and take out the trash i was like i dont live here no more lol
Anyone know how to get out of Jury Duty? Not really looking forward to entering a Miami court room. (kinda scared actually)
Rickie Weeks may be the most overrated brewer ever.
no I promise I haven't seen it !
I hear you. Companies will step up the analytics and push harder on ROI, but I don't see a decrease on the horizon.
john legend rocked waiting on sade, dc verizon center, moms is having a ball
let me talk to those goons I'll get back witcha ASAP
riggins is in mad movies lately. this one looks good though.
yeah, it's great. Maybe a DC Week best ball mini tournament is in order.
Fuck bitches, get pickles. Free slurpee day (:
$14 Tuesday today.
#RIPDemizaDirectioner bullying needs to stop..
i keep it 100. Been around lil shawty so i know what u tryna do. Not bout to get played by a youngin. Get yo priorities straight.
Thank you for dropping by! Happy Holidays!
Here are my faults & blunders,here my delusion,my bad taste,my confusion,my tears,my vanity,my owlish seclusion,my contradictions Nietzsche
Writing a chapter book where the main character, a 9 year old girl, lives above bookstore. Need punny names for store, e.g.
I'm sorry! 😥 I don't even remember you texting me!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter my first follower was :)
Beautiful morning! Well, except for the shirtless hairy guy.
Set your mind on the things above, not on things that are on this earth. -Colossians 3:2
I feel like this next 4 days are gonna e hell
I got there late and they'd reached the max occupancy. :-(
I can feel that....
All these fuckers making our baby Nialler upset..I will get you all in your fucking sleep.
We'll be looking for a roommate soon. Anyone (seriously) interested in moving to Los Angeles? Rent will be $500 a month. DM me!
Gracias for the retweet! Enjoy this gorgeous day in #DC :)
Last week of classes...YAYYYYYY
Lawyer's need love too!
Happy FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!!! is everyone enjoying this beautiful #Cleveland sunshine??
Some people really know how to piss you off
Mixtape out now get your copy
TITANIC in 3D sounds like a good one to be in 3D!
I hate when people don't reply.
I want you. I need you. I love you. <3
Watching Mom play Temple Run is so much more entertaining than the actual game.
Its graduation time! Come Guest Services to purchase some giftcards and congradulate all the new graduates. Upper level by the food court
It's a 4-sided polygon with two parallel sides.
Having to take hard earned money outta the bank <<<
I voted for you. Yay!
been having RocStar moments
Awesome no power. And my phone is bout to die!
wish you were here to get lake hair. Lol
#MM (#MonicalsMonday) "Thanks" to some of our friends
Chilling about to watch this Laker game
hype as fuck that I'm going to the game tonight!! I swear they better not let this one slip away
lol me too thank God for
always! I hope all that stuff sinks in!
I hate that icecream trucks music #creepy Although I wish I had 2 bucks...
It's gray & cool outside, we're in our PJs, and we're having breakfast for dinner.
You can tell it's Friday cuz everybody driving crazy as fuck🚙💨💨
More bunnies every day till Easter :)
Stoked about education programs for healthy living with ! Can't wait to get started!!
Love lives forever.
AUDITION: Alex (starring) in the feature film WALLABOUT
wtf is going on?
it's been 11 months lol.
Wait, what? You mean the internet isn't always right? No!
As your child graduates this season with hope for a next step in education, remember the Dreamers who graduate without that option.
"Happy birthday homie...Happy birthday homeboy""for me" lawl oh lawd *shakes head... sighs ... *
supposedly. :-) It's my masters project - right now I'm working on a Obj-C WebSocket implementation as part of that project.
thanks Dan! and thanks for bringing your students last night.
... Our taste buds are still smiling! #Provo's finest:)
Packed the tofu, veggie stuffing, vegan gravy. Now off to spend the holiday with and family!
can you please follow me(:
yes! It was my first time and I couldn't believe how easy it was!
I'll text you now! And sorrrryyyy! I never have time. I will though! 💙
hm that I don't know. I do know it was really tough to find human hair while I was in Ghana all those years back
I can tell the Notebook is on because of all of the bird tweets.
Would you like to do an interview for the website ?
Just made oven fried chicken using peanuts and crackers. It came out really good.
This is the first day since I moved to New York that the Empire State Building isn't the tallest thing in the sky.
mental note: when trying to cover 192 sq ft of styrofoam, you might need more than 1 can of styro adhesive. duh. forehead slap.
I'm sure he's not looking at her breasts, but simply trying to stare into her heart.
Dem candidates' vote lead over Walker holding at 29,941 with 74% of wards reporting.
not yet. the publishers won't start posting that information for another couple of month.
Totally RT : Oh major yikes. Such a waste to put that fantastic fashion on a body with no shape :(
At dinner with and we overhear someone talking about buying a house 3 tables away. Thanks #maps #kwri for the RAZ!
something that has titans in it
true. Fear of what ppl don't understand works, after all that's why we are in all these wars & conflicts today
": I can not wait to go to college." I can't wait till your in college :o:o:o:o
hi, great tweets, lets follow each other :-)
The first of the #Weekly Specials are now uploaded, many more to come tomorrow Tri-State!
Welcome Tang Consulting, & as #UPA2012 exhibitors! Only a few booths left!
can't believe you're dating a kid that RT long hair probs, and alan hangover. Sorry ur stuck with him..
My body needs a hero, come and save me Something tells me you know how to save me...
On JP Morgan's $2 Billion loss, Jamie Dimon states: "We made a terrible, egregious mistake and there is almost no excuse for it." (almost)
I'm going with Pizza... and deep fried things... and I'm hoping 10lbs :)
I want to feature people on RealGangster.com, it could be you
I wish but at least one night I need to be home this week- have a great time!
Summer Friday! Time for lunch with
#AprilFools: 1 day of yr I try to avoid doing anything which could be considered funny. I'm being serious. Hey, no laughing.
Dear "American Pie," I'm full.
haha oh yeah!
oh yes, please tell me more about sipping beers with a perky pinkie lol
I'm so proud of myself! I've really learned not to take bs and voice my concern when I have one! I'm like the lion who got courage! :)
Happy Leap Day Followers! "Leap" and ReTweet us to help us "Leap" forward and grow. :-)
So Big Time Rush won the Blimp??? I'm sorry, but I didn't get to watch the KCAs last night...
Thanks for the RT!
can walk to the Grove in 5 minutes... good or bad??? already gained a few pounds and thinking I'll be saying goodbye to a few $$$
#TheRaid_RDM.....best $10.50 I've ever spent at a movie theater!
okay good night everybody.......
Practiced for Jazz All-State! Think I got the stuff down pretty good and still have a month to go! :-)
LOL, happy FF Monday. I'm a Rangers fan. Yu Darvish...ugly start.
Start them off young, T. “: Bella and tori has a tramp stamp”
Is Biden tweeting right now??
Do you get the same "Free Cone Day" flashbacks that I do?
Your Sharks logo is making me sad.
The old lady who cleans tables in Ford is adorable.
Colton you are amazing!
"#tv everywhere is addressing content flexibility, but this may only create ancillary revenue. Largest audience still in front of tv"
man, *I* want a conference thing at moomin world!
You're welcome! Amazing show...
QoTD: "Make the mistakes of yesterday your lessons for today." (Unknown)
Thanks for Following!
Thanks, it's making me feel old too, haha. Will the podcast be available tomorrow morning?
Our Father which art in heaven...
Did the Philly Steak Sand. Food Wars and the conclusion is Pat's has the better guts but Gino's had the better bread. It's a tie!
I love you ! And I know , that one day u'll follow me , because I belive in you & me & I'll #NeverSayNever ♥
I popped in the dvd
anyone else wanna get #jlo off the air and never see her endorse another product?
A blind man could see things ain't right anymore.
Welcome back! Hope everyone had a great Thanks Giving.
I'll contact you soon.
“mob violence is the natural outcome of centuries of oppression of the poor by the rich.”
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
The entries are in: 9 films by area teens about their lives, which may be true or made up. They premiere this Thurs at 7 at
so awesome to see you guys and be able to feed ya a little. we so appreciate it.
Good morning! I was plagued by 2 dreams last night of riding in the car (1) being kidnapped by a friend & (2) skirting ice with my mom.
Is anyone following the #CaseyAnthonyTrial??
HE IS SO GAY
Tune your Freeview to Channel 12 and find Choice TV!
LOL a Blue's Clues Steve with a British accent. Classic.
Irsay sure makes a lot more sense on twitter than he does when he speaks.
Spinach wrap and spy latte...... M ;^)
Progression,growth, strength, faith
for sure! we'd love to be there!
I can't wait for all of the witty 420 tweets today.
My luck always changes right before and all through summer.
who's birdman?
Now it's time to hit some water
....and we all know how painful that can be.
Finally home... (:
text me bro
eww -- think ill stick with beer for that ;-)
working on recommendation.. KIM KRISTOFF is a GIANT... competitor, with a HUGE APPETITE... for success!
I'd rather jump out of a helicopter than try to catch a lobster.
Whatever your fitness resolutions might be - losing weight, toning and sculpting, or adding bulk, let me help you reach your goals.
I'm the dumbass who throws their planner away instead of the papertowel.
:Why not bring my friend Chris Leflore in for a Look at Cb,make him a Steeler
Ha exactly the point...I don't even have her number! Let's see what TJ says I said tell him Jerm and I both want
Zou Bisou Bisou was trending today. Let's learn the dance.
Marriott Copley square Boston (Simmons)- screening in 45 minutes...www.blacksupermen.com
71 TIMES AND COUNTING!!!!! I WANNA TALK TO U!!
I feel like that can be said for literally any redesign
thanks for following!
Finally some lunch
Ugh I can dress as ridiculous as I want :p
Money Mayweahter will down him in 10
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
#bubba is my homeboy
How would you rate your HOA's appearance on a scale from 1-10? How could it be better?
Suddenly is undefeated in it's last 5 games (including Open Cup)!
Get up slugs!
lmfao I bet and it no problem I was just like r you okay?! Lol sorry <3
Are there still dumb asses who think Obama controls gas prices?????
check out our version of "total eclipse of the heart" @ myspace! www.myspace.com/lovemeelectric let us know what ya think!
learning how to record a presentation on my screen for #uchicagomobileappchallenge. Learning tons of new cool stuff for this.
Justified: If s2 was better than 1, every -minute- of s3 is better than the last. Fantastic TV. Too bad they killed one of my favs tonight.
Haven't seen that in ages. What channel?
Hm... I think it may be time for a new blog header. Thoughts?
Congratulations to them!!
You're welcome, true thanks go to Mo RT : <<< thanks to for this pic, i changed it to my avi
Spending today walking around Ramallah. Toured Nablus yesterday. Jerusalem tomorrow
Happy Halloween everyone! Have a safe and spooky night!
Maybe the Indians will play like this all year. That won't cause too much beer drinking for you RT" I quit baseball."
how is Scott Rolen an all star?
Haha, poster junkie!
True but sometimes people need to recognize the difference between love and lust and right n wrong!! :)
There will be rookie redemptions in Past & Present, Limited and Gold Standard.
what? no haha I wouldn't encourage you to do this.but we should start hanging out!
Thank you!
For the longest she been wanting to say something but it's nothing important as I thought
ohh my you know her
big comeback. OT win
Hey I watched some puppies playing by the library and I blurted out "hey mom, I is wrestling" ... #scaring strangers
Really well. You read for us to come to Houston next year? We need a local partner. Interested?
#GamerPickupLines You're always in my Final Fantasy :)
Thanks for the mention in your daily! Have a good one
Hey FAC Heads! Hope you had a great Tuesday!! Come on in tomorrow and check out our new low donations and 4 gram eighths all day everyday!
no problem ill get some clothing soon
Happy 4th and free speech day!
this geek can cook and I know how to terminate cat 5. Lol.
Flavors for this month: Milk Chocolate Almond, Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Dark Chocolate Orange/Cinnamon, Darck Chocolate Coffee Toffee!
I turned 34 today, am 7 mo pregnant & overheat too quickly to be outside. Can't look like Casper for my baby shower!
Just finished submitting to to get my new EP on #iTunes. Coming soon tweople.
Two movt's down, one to go for #DisneyPrincess Disasters
Awesome!! RT : Hey Reading, PA! Come meat up with us at Weis on North 13th Street today from 12-5 & get a wiener whistle
Don't miss Jaye Thomas' set @ 2PM. CHOOSE LIFE.
I love how Sephora's emails don't take into account that males can shop there, too. No, Connor will NOT prep his lips for Valentines Day.
Manu should just shave that off. What is that mess?
I would feel really creepy if you actually were. (:
I really fucking want some ranch dressing right now.
i don't think i really just woke up from that nap. i am still sleep walking.
WOO HOO CONGRATS!!! Sooner than you thought!! ": Congrats on 100,000 followers! It's a fact and official!"
Hey! I am back now - only 2 years with no tweets.
boyfriend video?
If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it
Windy = no boats on the water. Bo.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.28
#FollowFriday Hugs!! (via )
": since nothing in my life happens without Gods permission, what's needed for me to grow is located inside of every storm..."
My parents actually used the, ''you can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat,'' on me :D
What you can't measure in a test, you demonstrate through grit and determination
We're so happy to hear. WelcOMe! RT : New at and loving it already!!!
Who's stoked for Friday?!
Uploading Vlog.2 for on YouTube at www.youtube.com/thetoymakermusical Check it out!
WHAT WAS THAT?
Twitter, facebook, cell, e-mail, fax your country radio stations and request me, Amy Ames. I am very grateful for your support.
& #JimmyHeath leading "What A Wonderful World" rendition
his name is Frank
#SandersSunday ?what it is?
Lol sometimes - my brother's jokes
We can quote you with a ton of different companies at once. May we help?
Hey Everyone! I'm starting library school and I'm back! I'll be an information super model! Or maybe just a super model!
i miss youu!
I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose
#JoeyDiamond Is talented :)
Never look for love, it will find you if it's supposed to
Man he messed with everybody n they granny
Afternoon. To audition or not to audition....that is the question.
Sorry i forgot to tell you happy birthday! So happy belated birthday (:
“The sweep was [the Sox’s] first since taking three games from the Seattle Mariners last July 22-24.” I knew it was bad, just not that bad.
what ages do you have at your studio?
Had a lot of fun at the Easter Egg hunt today y'all! I hazed and made him dress up as the Easter bunny. What an idiot!
you loved seeing me
Wow nuggets players are droppin like flies
People think suburbanites don't care about anything. Truth is, they care alright, DEEPLY and PASSIONATELY about absolutely meaningless crap.
Anyone going somewhere special or have exciting plans for the holidays?
A Facebook and Twitter page with good content is bait for attracting people to the topic that relates to your biz.
I just paid off one credit card, and paid down half of another.
Downtown #Sandiego is slammed with pale fleshy nerds walking around with enormous #Comicon shopping bags.
All high from hearing Toni Morrison now I don't even want to go to MY prose reading. Lol
Am I the only one who finds it funny that NASCAR commercials are just a montage of crashes and not racing?
Oh well I live in lexington nebraska
Time to go in!!!
If you want a signed copy of Body & Soul but you live too far away, the Vernon Hills, IL B&N will ship to you! Will post further details ...
I'm so over her right now ...
Ramsey County Chair Commission-Majority sides with chairman to not make the word 'discussion', vote.Talking Vikes stadium on Nov 2012 ballot
why are manhole covers round?
DAM LOL YOU WOULD TO... ON LIFE SMH CRAZY ASS.!!
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
I will help you. Don't hand $ to corrupt ones like Love.Doyne.Sparta,Attys. Save both sides money with peace.No fighting, peace for all.
Thanks for the #FF last week.
I didn't even know we had a 2 hour delay...lol.... I'm not going anyways.
Does that mean Sony Pictures?
why does he need to faint for energy
Iowans don't have accents...
hey everybody i'm back
That PR job description clearly was NOT written by the PR department.
i know!! lol it wasnt mine anyways it was a friends i just stole it xD
Quit judging me
Are you in the tshirt business? Want to be? Tshirtgang.com can help. FREE! No investment fun and many success stories already! Join
thought that was one of the places that was closed down...no?
RT : A city investigation reveals a lot of money problems at a government agency. Big changes ahead. The story at 10.
Haven't written copy in quite a while.. nice change to fluff it up (or in this case, tone it down).
I can never keep things to myself
Lindsey Lohan sounds like alcohol.
Sen. Palumbo: "We have the lowest college completion in the nation, we need to do better at helping students through college"
TW Cable Uptown Ampitheatre. think theyll play any old stuff or all new material? theyve aged like fine wine (or diarrhea).
Come to and be on the radio with me! Our studios aren't far from #SecondCity - Chicago wants to hear you!
get in me. lololololol
Thank goodness the movie had a real plot and not some romantic teen pregnancy BS like twilight movie portrayal.
Shayna! How are you, my old twitter friend?
#nowplaying weather people by RJD2 Think youd like it ;) chill instrumentals
hailey did not die right cause people are saying that ?
Thanks so much for sharing my post yesterday and for your comment. Very grateful!
i laughed but then it got sad like wtf. last time i looked at it #6 was at the top
what happened to your power??
Remember this? www.justinbieberneversaynever.co.uk/bieberpremiere
And double birds to you too Monday...
Battleship = Transformers on a boat?
Excited to see Bus Stop tonight at !
The REAL Pulitzer Prize is...*inside* each and every one of you [opens jacket and butterflies holding pens fly out]
Will our blood run cold?
Do I have permission to take my son to see The Avengers tonight or is it too violent.
I'm guessing you meant me! haha Thanks bro!
I just don't get the whole "spoiler" phenomenon. Started with *The Crying Game* I think, more or less.
please come back and play tonight
"ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass"
Oh heavens. They just played Prince on the oldies station
Norv haters wiil blame him. RT: ": Offensive line now, from left to right: Gaither, Green, Baxter, Vasquez, Clary."
Britney Spears the new X-Factor judge...great choice because she is so well known for her live singing performances
jesus fucking christ this fake baltimore rican is goat.
Cards tie it up. Cruz really misplayed that ball.
following spree! tweet me! hehe -rosy
so my Twitter won't let me follow anyone...idk what's wrong with it but if you want a foow back, ask and I'll follow you tomorrow
This is why u never want VINCE CARTER on your team! He is Lebron James on steroid in big games!
Fabulous ! Way to make #WI fans and band alumni proud!
Just saw someone rear-end another car the highway!
When I'm in the car listening to my ipod and a sad song comes on I look out my window and pretend I'm in a movie
I wish i was fishin right now
Off to singing lessons!!! :D
brit award fashion = nasty
REMINDER NOTICE | Chapter Executive Board Meeting | Wendesday Oct. 13 @ 6pm
Happy Birthday !
Any Team in Training/TNT folks are out there fighting the good fight? Love what you're doing DM me!
I Still Do Lol
OK, Whenever you do makeovers, you straighten everyone's hair. Curly can be just as lovely and glamorous!
Related? He's not related to a bus. He's too small and squishy to be a bus.
I remember when Austin said even when he's famous he'd still do Austreams, he's not even that famous yet and he already stopped doing them.
Thank you for the RT, Chris!
awwwh,heart you!!! Yes, please, let's do it!!!
C's are sounding just a little too confident, love orlando 1st quarter and maybe even in the 2nd half depending upon the score @ halftime
In some ways we're all the same. In some ways we are similar to some and different from others. And in some ways, we are unique.
Gettin ready to open up for DJ Craze tonight at Cream in Scottsdale AZ! It'll b off the chain!
We can go to God ourselves in prayer!
Amen, brother Andrew. RT Apologize for WHAT?
“: honestly so sad. It was gonna be a good night too :(” same. Oh well maybe next year
Hahahahaha that made me laugh out loud. And maybe snort a little.
lmfao read it again lol I'd s
Knowing what I know about Wall Street, I have a hunch it would be more of a material thing....unfortunately.
Effective leaders delegate a good many things; they have to or they drown in trivia -- Peter Drucker.
hahaha its cool bro gina was making a big deal saying she was cool lol
Do you believe actors when they say they don't watch their own movies? I don't. Samuel L Jackson had a great answer for that.
Now they are destroying public property but no cops in sight Btw--this is 5th night in a row. cc:
I only Luke the last person.
HELL NAH. YOU ON THAT SCARY ASS MOVIE SHIT.
now following Fam
I want to leave, but feel I will need to be able to explain on how many ways Bill Gates is missing edu innovation
Sound quality is usually due to hardware, not the algorithm.
Great meeting you the other night, bro!
Daily Muppet Countdown: 8 DAYS.
WHY AM I OUTSIDE TOMATO HEAD IN THE COLD. It's not even open. #lateparentsprobz 💨😨
Stick it to them and stay strong! There are 15 million union members with voting power!
me 2 wow
Thank you so much! You're such a great friend and I'm happy I get to see you and everyday!
Sadly, this is not necessarily new for the eminently human Dr. West.
I live in a rural setting and am amazed by the noise level . . . planes flying overhead, traffic, cicadas, chipping Cardinals . . .
my day: eat, text, poop, watch sports, repeat.
re pininterest- u got it!
~-!+_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Suggestion #1 Welcome the disagreement!
HUGE win in NJ. Down 3-0, come back to beat Devils 4-3! Clemmensen excellent relief from Theodore.
hello megan follow me if you can ok thanks
: great trip 4 toddlers - trees, sheep petting,play areas. But I'm reminded 3 tots are smarter,faster and braver than 1 me.
RT : Bootlegging matches from presidential suites! Yea we about that life
Thanks for sharing the news about the blog!
Lebron's headband came off, watch out
Im so sad u loved him RT : R.I.P. Junior Seau
hey, thank you!
I do not fail, I succeed at finding what doesn't work.
Got an All-Star cast. Rehearsal was fantastic. Thank you JESUS!
This is the first bad frozen meal I've had from Trader Joes. Reduced guilt poblano chicken - they left out the tasty.
Greta i put a autoplay with mlb2k11 in my playstation3 nd it's 0-0 but both gave up hits. lol
News of Adam Yauch's, aka MCA, passing brings back good memories of college with and 'Licensed to Ill'.
we r sexy 
Reheated pizza with Velveeta shells and cheese on top #mylunchkickedyourlunch'sass
we all were, don't worry. Bummer.
a hurricane? LOL
is it in august again?
oh, wow! I would love to! dr's orders not to run until sun bc of foot problem, but if I feel good, I'll be there! thx!
Have a great day Damian.
Super Troopers on Comedy Central
aight they in there
rooneys overhead kick vs man city voted best premier league goal ever.....
Great time at #kickball tonight. Sorry to miss the post game competition. #kickass #poguemahones cc:
Rafiki realizing Simba is alive induces chills.
stopp i hate u my body is like on fire rn
Played Pumped Up Kicks this am. for billionth time. Caller asked name of NEW song. I didn't know people could hear Triple M under rocks.
you are correct, it sends your video (graphics w/audio) to patient by email, you need email exchange to check understanding.
Therefore, get the help of medifast online coupons to get the desired result of weight loss
i see how it is.. Supporting kingston not pb .
RT : I love following someones story over time, through their ups, downs, milestones, and major events
Salingers is the bomb. They have 3 of our beers on. Go get a Common Man, Loopy or Skunk there peeps.
"Stand your ground...doesn't mean chase after somebody who's turned their back."~Frmr FL Gov. Jeb Bush who signed bill into law.
ugh are they draining??
Oh Dear God! I'm in heaven! (No, that's me at Betty's age.) This is the woman I want to be when I grow up. The B is for Betty
sorry dude. Ann Jillian was NOT the best thing about 'It's A Living'
Have a safe trip bro..
I made sure you hit the reggie lol RT": praying that its loud"
In New Orleans! It's hot and sticky here...I can feel my wrinkles going away by the minute! I love warm.
Great fun returning as (volunteer) poetry teacher to 3rd-graders. Working on/playing with onomatopoeia: meow, cuckoo, zoom, smash, slurp!
"I don't give five fucks if they're real; they're the shit."
these guys who didn't get roses look so sad....
they gonna lose !!
GUSA President asks Bryant about Grab 'n Go truck outside the front gates. They're looking into details now.
someone DM or text me on my iPod. i am distracted like crazy today. no work done
You have got to be kidding me..
Too bad Abreu just signed. If Werth is out for a significant amount of time, wouldn't hem make sense for the #Nats?
Wow, its hot out!
yep...the show goes on...me and Iboshi and director and Tracey stayed.
If you're a new home owner with a long list of things you want to get done.Call Mr.D's painting we can take care of the entire list quickly.
I know what you mean. My 20-yr-old daughter is my personal trainer.
Can't wait! You guys have done such a great job with
I feel like you and all the boyz ignore me sometimes. I know u probably wont see this but i love you and please check ur dms! 😔
how are you chin?(: is it nice up there?(:
that's what happens when you have people who don't do the work do the hiring...
Big thanks goes out to the entire staff at The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island for helping us execute another successful event!
Packers Vs Steelers super Sunday
I'm sick
Come! RT : Looking for some spontaneous dinner plans tonight? has a few extra spots tonight at
I think it's haircut time. Gotta change things up
Taxi with arianna ❤
There is only ONE tackling technique on the planet prove by science to eliminate CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
can't wait ;)
I'm considering getting a smart phone. Do you have to take some kind of test to prove you're smart enough to own one?
I'm going to leave the restaurant picking to you guys since I haven't been there in a while haha. But in other
I talked em up :) Congrats Jerel Worthy!
Feeling like smoking a blunt and going to sleep
Bullshit otherwise I'd be a size 14 or 15.
$14 Tuesday all day!
no, no, no, lol. We've just been sidetracked for a little. We'll be on the grind soon.
We are farmers bumbumbumbumbumbumbum!
. everyone is ok. I know it looked kind of cool so my pride is still intact.
Danka means 'thank you' in german. - eugene
Thanks so much for the retweets Sue!
That awkward moment when you tell your mom you're going to die of starvation and she says "well make it quick" -_-
Let's get it over with. The match up of 2 schools that Hate each other! We need a Houston Coogs vs Baylor Bears Bowl Game!!!
ready for this #HEAT game
RT : Its hard to inspire others when youre not visible.
Tune in March 30th 7:15pm for the final trailer for Realm of Darkness! Along with ten new production stills and a new poster!
Dont let them rats get 2 u... jus laugh at they dumb ass
This is seriously the most awkward situation I've been in. Shes trying to adjust a monitor that doesn't move. More to come...
"You and me, us never part."
Thanks for this. I'm still so touched at people's thoughts/comments about my Lily experience.
i so want to overdose myself on sushi right now.
The tweets on my head never make it but they are crazy funny.
RT Thank you President for your commitment, dedication and unequaled love for our community.
the fine gentlemen of my site get bent when ginger's shave/wax, waste of a fire crotch they say
just won 500 people lotto points !
We had a full house and standing ovation with some great industry people there. Thank you NBC Casting and LATC for coming!
Ok, thanks for being open-minded :)
rainy days make me wanna cuddle up and watch movies and drink hot chocolate. UNFORTUNATELY, i have work :-/
RT : When you want something so bad it keeps you up at night #thelife (keep working youngin, you'll get there no doubt.)
Did I here chicken n waffles? Does that mean ur in LA for the Holidays?
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a couple of for sitting in conference meetings. That ok?
I want to come over and see your new kitchen!
always trying to help the #HSFB community!
RT I tend to OVER think things :/
Ten’s favorite: If we are incapable of finding peace in ourselves it’s pointless to search elsewhere. Francois de la Rochefoucauld
Woo no longer 666:D thanks
It's only September and I already despite football season. I can't believe I'm actually wishing it was February.
I am gonna hold you to that :)
LMFAO!!! Hehe I GOT U BACK FOR INSULTING MY MAN!!! Well I sort of got u bak!!
Thx for the tweet and look forward to following
This is one of those mornings when you turn on the TV and say, What is going on?! Haha, love it!!
I'm going to tell some electrons in your computer to configure themselves differently... right now.
hahahahahhahahahaha, you'll has to see my amazing driving skills!!!!
Beat It Up Like Rampage
I'll be careful RT My friend, he doesn't like you. I don't like you either.
Okay #Twitterverse who should I be following that I'm not?
Good morning to you all !
few hours? more like the next 8 hours.
No matter who I'm texting or what I'm texting about I always wanna reply with a lyric that relates too it :D #obsessed?
Great to see you! I think another wine night will be needed in the near future :)
Niall you looked adorable today. omg i love you. <333
I like the clothing line, how long have you been at it?
Got "Locked Up" for the MDA today & NEED "Bail Money" to get released on good behavior! My goal is $1600 and so far only have $340. Can you…
new grill?
