Just saying...RT : is an awesome leader for the crew
💋was Here! Always the originator never the imitator! #SylvieAtanasio the creator of AlysEdwards
thanks for reading!
RT amazing wifi at #DF11 a prerequisiteof internet era tech - quality is usually mediocre at conferences. Definitely unusual!
my night was SUCKiiiSHHH !
Bummer alert: I can't find my glasses. And no, they're not on my head.
Calling all Twitter followers, please go check out our huge contest on Facebook! It involves winning a private show for you and your friends
hey we both wanna save the world! most people just care about themselves :(
Chances are when said and done, who'll be the lucky ones, who make it all the way
Delivered a banana loaf & dessert tray w/ Phyllis' decadent red velvet brownies ordered by Luke Perry of B.H. 90210 for his friend in town.
wild sex i think
Awh mothers day is this week I wonder wht I'm gonna get my mom & I hope Justin releases that song tht Justin wrote 4 his mom!! :) <3
I volunteer
jajaja did u liked them?
Buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?
#dml2012 how do we access how/what we learn through making? The mighty question
Just went on a 2 hr escapade to deliver passports...#reasonswhyimthebest #yourewelcome ;)
A successful Free Comic Book Day for the fam - seven free comics and two not free books. Supported two local comic book shops too!
I am confident we will get to 68 wins this year. We are rebuilding at a Devil Rays pace.
new apt
Polo, hot air ballooning, patron, & great friends.Thank u for an awesome SMA in Palm Springs
So happy to be on twitter!! Have career as certified nurse practioner, diabetes educator, yoga/pilates, Zumba and Spin instructor.
i kno who to trust now.
I don't want that hoe, I want that bitchh.
if I had to pick one, it would be have to be the acoustic version of "Hotel California"
I'm so over the idea of homework
Big Cody - Happy Birthday!
Will, thanks for the kind shout :) Energetics is currently being edited, thanks for asking. Any new photos to share?
Work, work, work, all day long. Working in Ann Arbor, pretty cool place, I must say.
Yesterday they said their transmission went out, so I don't know if they are back on the road today.
You guys, 4 some reason Im starting to think this is actually a pretty nice city. Someone may need 2 give me an intervention when I get back
The Good Word of Volkswagen: Volkswagen Jetta Gls Sedan
How did pull off such a strong victory in a crowded field? Join me,Kenyan, and Askia Muhammed today at 6 on WPFW.
Thanks for the shout out!
Will need it again in 2 years RT : It's time for to hand over her Twitter handle.
Thanks you guys!
listening to Professor Young Eun Lee sharing her research on why people become loyal to
(I'll answer for Tia since she's barley on here :P) yea, not video though. it was a short call, but still! Pretty cool :D -izzy
if you call tell Harrison I sent you! He's great!
thats my old man! He's a champ.
DIRECTIONING: the act of stalking One Direction. :3
Happy 235th birthday
Its still nice and warm in September.
good now
: Love the idea of student ambassadors
- can you send us an email at so we can get you a fresh link? Thanks!
A perfect start to a truly great, great show. Anthony Bourdain's 9th Season has begun. TV just got a hell of a lot better.
Our relaunch this Friday! Man we have so much information we were preparing and not ready, but we guess it will be a peek launch...
Downtown NYC saturated with cops. Never seen anything like it. As a green card person I had to leave but it feels like a defeat
hi lady! See you soon! Congrats on today!
serious. She went to the hospital yesterday with chest pains and had a heart attack while being examined
Manny Pacquiao gives us Flips a bad name
Do you have a great story about volunteering with SMGW? We want to hear it! Email your story to Lindsay at
yes. twice. at least.
You will discover ways to open yourself to a greater flow of good at our Prosperity Plus Event. Vist...
They're spamming you too eh? So I wasn't the only one who got those messages today.
Fried icecreammmm!!!!!! Ah yum
you made another Facebook page? :-)
True love will never fade unless it was a lie.
I hope not....obviously.
Never measure the height of a mountain, until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
/ was in LV this weekend...
it has to start in Atlanta so you can meet Mary.
how long before crawford gives up his "i'm feeling about myself for giving up a goal," goal?
Yes. London found. Sorry, been out of touch for awhile.
I'll RT it : "I really wanna kill a pig at the end of all this. Sacrifice it to the DH gods."
So here's my number... Call me maybe
What if god was one of us?
I need something to do today!
Anyone in Milwaukee know a company that does web cam / live feeds for businesses? We have a client that needs help.
playing God with women? GOP right-wing extremists. I WAS a donor; no more. $500k for a VP, $250k to PP? Priorities!
my teeth are still locked up under my braces :\ 👎
Do Ya Thing!
Hi Tito how r u??
fantastic! Our girls are at Border Star & we want KCMO to succeed :-)
They make Axe products for women now!? Why? And how the F does something smell like anarchy?? I just don't understand things like I used to.
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit." - Aristole
Damn I would pre-order Believe but I am not going to be home to recieve the package. I don't want to let it sit on my doorstep.
sure!!!! <3 take your time!
Congrats Blair! Best of luck on the venture.
true dat. happy new year!
~ unselfishness and contribution to community... SMH
Congrats to John and Ginaka who won tickets to Yetlanezi on NP's radio show. See ya tonight!
Do they have that much power?. I rarely hear people mention it not intending ridicule, unless they're marketers.
People focus on chasing pennies and lose dollars.
Thanks for the follow. Hope all is well :)
Fascinating concept. "In every way that matters, we are the sum of our memories." -- From Joshua Foer lecture listing.
Congrats to all who have been accepted to present at #mla13. Most msgs have gone out. Sorry all can't be accepted, but it is v competitive.
Be involved with someone who isn't open to go on the wild side & try new shit with me!
so i'm pretty okay with skipping my birthday and just fast-forwarding to deathly hallows part two.
Single, doesn't mean that u know nothing about love. Sometimes it means that u haven't found someone who deserves you B-).
#ROCHESTER #NEWYORK Bitch
It is just my life style... xx
see you tomorrow!!!
yes..time sometimes reveals sounds you didnt hear at first..that you really like
new york
what lifw without a little risk?
Have a great time! Miss you! RT : My trip begins!! (@ Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) w/ 55 others)
I will have some awesome scenery through flagstaff, AZ tomorrow on the way to Vegas! You be driving this road soon right?
not when it's short course. ;-)
Today was fun until I took that test.. A bad way to end my year.
hahah yea i hate people
My daughter just said, "Yes, I just popped a zit, and it's a bleeder too." This is my life.
Actually the AG application process is started automatically now in almost all child support cases. Cases are opened by machine
Heh, my wife would love to exit the workforce. I wish I made enough to support it.
A&A rox! It is like my favorite time of day at school! Lol haha!
This is the first #storystarter I've seen in a while. Welcome back =)>
A tendency to drastically underestimate the frequency of coincidence is a prime characteristic of innumerates, who generally accord great..
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it.
Your very welcome!
Wait, I'm on your side with this one! I'm saying Obamas call to tax capital gains at 30% would hardly change things.
Thanks for the follow! Ck out the #iaintnoquitter!! K.i.t.
I'm liking the show interesting info on
Thank you God bless you 😊
food is the biggest turn on.
Smokin a very special bowl for you
changed my my rington to baby xD
I'm jk hahah I wish!
lets for real go to that kirko bangz concert this week! :)
o.OMG. I know someone who lost much of a life's work switching 2 new computer b/c Nota Bene kept her files somewhere dumb.
Heard of Robert's Rules of Order? He became Chief of Engineers April 30, 1901. Check him out on our Facebook timeline!
A Schwan's man knocked on my door to give me free ice cream sandwiches. If you live in #portland give him a call 503.435.7212 to order!
going back to my hometown for a few hours is a nice reminder for why the hell I got out of there in the first place
Did Isaiah hold the fire extinguisher that Amare punched and broke his hand with? Man, ..the Knicks. So dumb.
OMG, so nice your twitcon! Lmfao, H.A. (Hot aunty) Remember?
Who's preserving the Daily Show, by the way?
Every time i try to leave something keeps pulling me back
Concerts on the Square!!!
if it is on Friday I am literally going to cry
jealous! Are you getting the mobile app? Let us know if it's worth the $$$
Lmao, oi, i'm much more stylish than that :P x
fewer bands but all heavy music. It's pretty sick
Get healthy coffee, tea and chocolate with the proven cancer stopping Ganoderma at www.drblackston.organoderma.com
Its available in all book stores
Up Early straight husslin......
Dear GRE, could I swap my Verbal Reasoning Score and Quantitative Reasoning score, pretty please. As an early Christmas present maybe?
JOBs are to be viewed as temporary inconveniences - Jerry 'DRhino' Clark
Quiet car.
Everything closes soo early here
Apparently the greatest weapon of the oligarchy is boredom; I sympathize with anyone who finds the whole horse race tedious and meaningless.
just being really lazy layin here. Surprised I'm even up considering I rarely wake up at 7am :))
G'night world
DNT BELIEVE EVERYBODY DAT SAY I LOVE YOU..YU KN TELL WHO MEAN IT BY DER ACTIONS
lmfaooo your a retard
LACES IN, GIANTS WIN, LACES OUT RAVENS POUT
Sounds cool!
The closest I've gotten to the White House was the back gate where everyone takes pictures! I'm totally jealous!
Just got sisters prom dress. <3
Go Packers! That was amazing!!
This is a variation from a previous shot but it can be so powerful it deserves more practice. Shoot multiple pics of someone approaching.
Double OT!!
Hasn't been a good season for CS luminaries, huh?
I appreciate that support, buddy!!!
we have a loveseat and a whole lotta unclaimed floor for sxsw! we're on the bus line a few minutes from downtown. tacos nearby
LET'S GO!!! Franchise Mode in Chi City!
LMBO. Go from pretty to money guess so...
We have now won our fifth straight Texas Pick 3 game by playing 20 Lotto Sorcerer and 20 Lottery Circle picks every game. Costly but works.
Any arty folks out there interested in designing a cover for a 7"?
Ladies, you just missed lip-synching to Aerosmith. And Creed! And me without an iPhone.
I'm a little leary about following the Milwaukee Police on Twitter. idk. Is it just me?
Land Grant Ideas: : communicate benefits via "grand bargaining"; : change to "grand partnerships"
if they miss over 50% I think it maybe American arms.
Telling stories none of your old friends relate to..
When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?
Glad you could make it!
The #Patriots sign WR Anthonony Gonzalez and DETrevor Scott
RT : Read a good novel lately? Give it a LIKE on Amazon, or better yet, leave a review. The author will love you for it!
Malcolm in the middle is perf, that's all I have to say
that's crazy. were you raised speaking them? or did you learn on your own?
Need your storm drain jetted before Irene fills it? Give us a call 919-325-0180
So much muddy fun Hawaii yesterday!
Wed grammar to content: simple things should be said simply, and complex things should be said with complexity.
hey guys i found out justin biebers real # here it is...... 941-306-9708 and RT to
Drinks at the choke!
Did you notice my new icon? What do you think?
that is an apt description - still very surreal at this point. Foggy. Glad to have friends who understand!
word. Hoping for a feb date!
Test was alright i guess
RT : Is there an NBA record for alley-oops in a game?
I quit one of them and am now seeking a new 2nd one. I'm at gay bingo now. Wish you were closer so you could come w/me :-)
Bought a gigantic bubbles wand: O
girl yes
I'm not involved, but I wish the best. People have been hustling to get alternative back on the radio. You deserve it. xoxo
been a minute bro. How is everything fam.
RT : RT : "Every company has a social media strategy, whether they know it or not" Douglas Rushkoff...
Thanks for recommending us!!
Steve says you're new and followers would be nice. Here's one for you. Love Anacortes area as a boater. cheers
I need to make Directioner friends on twitter.
Leah had to live with knowing she was not the chosen one. Read her story at www.lindaswift.net: HUMANLY SPEAKING, New Releases Page
Paper thin walls in a hotel room do not make for a good night's sleep. Especially when the room next door is full of screaming children.
Hey --> I’m the old Cascade Patch lady. Let’s connect.
lmaooo i sure do!
it's hard il DM u
Becareful what you say… a girl remembers everything.
can't wait till next weekend 😁
It's amazing how quickly I sometimes go from content to cranky.
thanks for the well wishes :) we had a great show; always a really appreciative, hip crowd at Kuumbwa! Hoping all is well with u
I don't want to jump to conclusions.
Just got my hair did
I yanked it dog
Can't wait to get off work so I can head to the GYM!!!
Does anyone have google wave? I would love an invite.
guess that's why I was afraid to ask... ;( let's just call it fur-ish
why do I do what I do?: picking most difficult seminars and writing about most difficult texts/theory edition
How's everyone doing? We are shooting some sketches for tomorrow! Be sure to keep an eye out for them
you just made my day..! fucking love you sandra! <3
Try and love three new things everyday. Today I love pepto bismo for starters
Dear If by some miracle you get this tweet, send up a flare
No... i can just run faster than the average turtle
Rehearsal was AMAZING!!! Wow. So thankful. <3 Ready to enjoy my Sunday! :)
Y'all ever watch Money from Strangers? Lmaoooo 😂😂
Looking for reasons to use Google Docs & related Google services over similar Microsoft applications. Pls share your experience with either!
What were you doing on Sept 11? us. We're making a book and all proceeds will go to charity.
Went to casting call today. Would of nailed it, but chose to pass. Contract is not easily understood.
goodnight y'all
O Immaculata Patroness of the United States defend us from our enemies! Mary Mother of Mercy implore the Mercy of your son for us!
convince your parents! That's what we did right after playlist live.
Happy Birthday, Abraham Lincoln!
Good morning ! Have a blessed sunday everyone!
My nigga I'm faded..faded..faded
it's one of our staffer's last day & we're at the passenger, she'd love to see you one last time before she moves
Do I need to say it? Damage on bridge repaired.
I feel like I should have a baby so I can fit in with the rest of my town. #rickieweeks?
A few days ago our friend Shaunessy donated $25! He's quite the Chum Buddy!
go to envy!
He still don't get it smh
Don't forget to support Middleton Outreach Ministry by participating in the food drive at Middleton Culvers
In your opinion, which song is the best in on Immortals?
thats a huge winery with blah wines
if you had any brains the people of Harlem are losing their apartments what are you going to do
"Elementary particles are particles with no measurable internal structure; they are not composed of other particles." Does anyone know them?
Last chance tomorrow: start your morning off right by stopping at the for a 12oz drip + biscotti for only $1.00. Between 7-8am!!!
SAY NO MOE!!
What happens when an alderman allegedly sells drugs to an informant working with sheriff's deputies? Find out -- tonight on 12 News at Ten.
Aw thanks mang! I never get any FFs. How am I supposed to get Twitter famous?!
OMG!! That beautiful!...♥♥
Once a belieber, always a belieber Happy Birthday Kidrauhl
Add the oil as soon as it stops boiling after you take it off the heat.I hope this helps--Let me know
awwh i miss Carl too
will be on friday from 5-8pm signing autographs for FANS!!!
My first day at Nordstrom. I am pretty excited/nervous....
Good for you! (re walking 10 miles yesterday)
In JAWS: According to writer Carl Gottlieb, the line "You're gonna need a bigger boat" was not scripted but improvised by Roy Scheider.
u suck u man whore
what happened sweetie? Damn i wasnt online last night,hope you feeling better,just DM when you needa talk. *hugs* ♥
RT : Congrats to the Women of the Year Finalists - such inspiring women who motivate the rest of us!...
Check out this article about the #HereWePurple deals and discounts: bizj.us/b2anp You can also find them all on the Qponomics App!!!
"I'm super! Thanks for asking!" - the moon last night.
Packers rule. End of story.
loved the blog post on not taking a bad deal. that is a hard lesson to learn when you are a start up. I've done it b/c of $$
you the man ! Let's go Chicago!!
It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.
Lost it at Astronaut Candidate.
at work wishing i was at home...
3-outs. Better than Marmol.RT : Before you get too excited, Dolis' inning: Hard hit ball, easy grounder, HBP, hard hit ball.
I have to do that sometimes. Negativity and pushing towards excellence do not work together!
Palfrey at HLS: it's us or the marketplace.
this #VictoriaSecretFashionShow is ridiculous #######
Txt me and let me know what's going on... I hope she's ok! I'm praying for her<3
your cute(: haha and you look like Niall! Lol
Didn't see a deadline for applying. Trying to get my app in my the end of the day. Am I too late? :/
Thinks that 's baby bump is soo adorable!
If your girl don't like a bitch then don't mess with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't mess with that niggah
lucky feels like all chance, blessed has religious tones. need something that is a little different :)
Fantastic! If I had those clothes, that is all I would wear always- which is pretty much what Frederick did in his last days.
It's just one thing after another with you. You're really starting to bother me. Get over yourself.
If these damn kids aint come I wulda been smokin a blunt with #oomf.. ruined my day already
Isn't 8 the best season of Scrubs? It's the only one I thought of when I heard the part about when sitcoms usually peak.
Given my druthers, I would also be in Ireland. :) Enjoy!
Not drugs; ew. Not s**; that's just wrong and um, no. Not alcohol; I need my parents for that stuff, lol.
I have a friends coming to Boston from Australia what is on from 10/8/10 till 10/23/10 need suggestions
We hear is giving away a signed copy of Every Day a Friday today!
Dear brain, stop trying to do 367788 things at once and slow down before you explode sincerely me
y ?we live in Texas and we mostly hear country music and u still aren't used to it!:0
RT announces codeforamerica.org, seeking coders/designers to build open source apps/sites for US cities
One more work day till
#IndirectTweet Okay man it's 4 in the morning tone it down a little
In a good way I hope :)
And then come see a show at #Stage773 ! We'd love to have you!
the anticipation is killing me! Can't wait for the new album guys.
Never thought I'd say this, but my shoulder is sore from playing Badminton. What?
Will U dip ur beard in soup 4 me?
I GOT IT TO PLAY ON MY PHONE AND COMPUTER AT THE SAME TIME OH GOD IM DYING
In Pittsburgh spending time with fam! Thank you Uncle Carl
Mama Wurm is in town!
Torts had the boys fired up tonight!
Come in and mention twitter and get 15% off of any lotion bottle today only...Hurry In!!! (cant be combined with any other promos!)
Getting to write an essay about Jon Stewart and for part one of my take-home final is actually making this a bit enjoyable.
I'm at the point in my music listening career where I'll throw every song I listen to in ableton and decrease the tempo/pitch
who are you again?
Why can I find a flight on Expedia, but not your website?
Good morning who's ready to hustle today?
Will There Be A Significant Impact On Our Environment Caused By ...
And girls dressed like sluts deserve to get raped? RT "His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman."
Last night was.... (unspeakable)
The weekend is almost here. Our hibachis will be en fuego!
i still cant believe you went to jersey!!! so jelous!! :)
Hard to believe I joined the Marine Corp almost 25 years ago!
So far, great turnout at the tailgate for the Mountain Lion game. Let's see how it translates in the stadium...but so far, so good.
show was amazing tonight!!!! I loved it
At the denist office waiting for my lil bro. They have xbox 360 and direct tv! :-D
A lot of people I went to high school with are getting married or having kids or already have kids and I have no desire for any of that lol
maybe, maybe not? ahaha, yes i do :)
Before and after party for IgniteATL is at the Georgia Aquarium...doors and bar open promptly at 6:30!
Hi thanks for the follow! I tweet for too!
Our Middle School Rally/Showcase is about to start. Looks like a full house!
love you as Hodor! heading to Dublin today. What's your favorite place in the city?
I have the memory of a chicken. June?
Oh, your cool. Cussing all up on here. #SMH ;D
! is something close to 30 lbs!
Tonight, we're blaring Beck's "Get Real Paid" in the studio, not for any specific reason.
Nearly 50 percent of population under the age of 25.
Got 500 dollar ALAG scholarship and Mock Trial plus Senior recognition!! The ALAG banquet was amazing!! I'm really gonna miss all you guys.
i want a smoothies now
-____- I'm so sick I can't even swallow without hurting ..
RT This Syrah has thicker legs than Rosie O'Donnell in a League of Their Own.
I was not, but I just posted about it on Facebook of that counts for anything. #GoAvsGo!
Diaper creme, pillow, hash tag...all set!
i just love my converses. i want to own every color now and wear them everyday.
- Please help us spread the word about the #FreshCoastClassic #scholarship application deadline extended to Fri. Nov. 5th
actually its cittenscorner
hahaha don't do either. Just saying. That don't define a person.
When Life yells, "STAY DOWN!", Hope whispers, "Go on. Give it another try."
We just got Brand New Bedding for all of our rooms! Visit us on Facebook for pictures!
She doesn't see me. And I don't care, Just move around some and Fix your stare.
damn .. Really?
Are hearing anything re: that the Jags considered a trade for Tebow, but compensation language got their way also?
Marquette better get their shit together
#DuraCloud lets you know where the cloud storage location is for your data -- not concealed. Excellent!
watched the trailer....looks cool and awesome. Short.. but cool and awesome
So I've decided on a car... in 2012 I shall buy a Lexus IS in BLACK!
Man....iam sicker then a dog yet made a good dinner..
Big Deal: My, How You x2019;ve Grown! Developers have been scrambling to super-size apartments to meet the demand of the highest stratum
El Tigre...after a playoff RT : Who do ya'll think gets the jacket in the end of this unbelievable Masters?
great to see you Duane - albeit briefly! Thanks for being at our film noir panel at Club TCM!
I'm not crazy! You're crazy!
Stay hydrated with a Route 44 (44 oz.) Cherry Limeade from Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. West off Exit 18 off 695
I want my tongue pierced.
use your boobs and use men :)
Let power drive your profession.
Heck yeah!! #uwmgrad ": LAST day of classes! #finishstrong #hardworkpaysoff"
Happy Mothers Day to all you lovely ladies. You're all my favorite MILFs!
Ubaldo needs to work on his pitch count. He throws way to many pitches, and our bullpen always has a lot of work.
My girl is having the best day ever:) so glad to be a part of it!!!!
I'll leave it at that. Goodnight twitter.
Lick a lollipop like it likes to be licked Dori.... Bo yea Monday NIGHTS
An older sister at that
Thank you for the #ff :)
": Hurry up with my car parking guy! Lol." Tell him no smashin,them valetes b doggn ppl cars
Hey how ur day going so far? hope all is well.
i dnt wanna have to deal with them on here too !
im way too nice to people
Hallo Alexander! Danke for the follow. Any tasty BBQ in Germany? We have amazing sauce!
ok thanks for the heads up looks like wc still the best
I been a boss in my own rite fuck wat u say cunt
Yes sir jus' sign here;)
Shout out to double R doing his Thanh tonite
If you are a drummer (or a music lover) you need to go watch the Foo Fighters Documentary on HULU - NOW!!! It's entertaining and inspiring.
Resume writing and job hunting is really a full-time job if you are unemployed doing work 5 hrs a day is required.
Senior Dis-O is officially in full swing! #Classof2012 is racing to break records in giving to the senior class gift #HoyaSaxa!
Is that a Big Green Egg? Nice.
You are correct. On both counts.
Im at last meeting - Award Ceremony
Daddy Long Legs, Daddy Nose Best, Optimizer, Alpha, I'll Have Another, Sabercat, Rousing Sermon, Creative Cause, Prospective, Done Talking.
Good you?
Woot! MT : Tonight: Red Room open w/ $5 specials on drafts & select cocktails & a soundtrack of goth/punk/new wave by DJ Joshua
Oh really, tell me more about the obvious.
kick off at 8 but already got the ustream feed on
I am meeting Sound by Design tomorrow at 1030am so they can start to set up for
Already a shitty start to my morning.
Just ignore her, love!<3
When is the next tour. I'm strangely addicted
That's wassup
I don't know where to go with that. Things white people like? Things with poisonous stingers? It could be either....
Oh. Are you in France?
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Holy moley, it's Thursday night and I can actually take part in
This was a good day.
Dang. There sure isn't anything like waking up to the sound of rain!
That is true with anyone. That is what makes this article, at best, pointless. More cynically, its an attack on Liberalism itself
I get to choose the show before bed? Dog the Bounty Hunter - DONE.
I just created a drink called, "Looking at her lips, wondering what my dick would look like between them" its straight Tequila!
happy cooking! Let me know your favorite
Jazz flute does.
FINAL SCORE: Kentucky 69, Louisville 61. Ohio State-Kansas NEXT
Defense arguing that government should turn over all of Mohamud's statements
Same cutE
good my frend ashley will slap dat pissy mood outta of u now good by an dont dm agan
Some ppl say they want #REAL...But cnt take it or face it...
Finally got to the mailbox for the first time this week and found beautiful handcrafted soaps! What a treat !!!
I WISH I WAS YOU LIKE SERIOUSLY!!! :(
What are you thinking right about now?!?!
Hope your show takes the place of Leno someday
had an IP-related question if you have a minute; will DM phone #
#SomeoneIWantToMeet .. who else?(: <3 I freaking love him.<3
Drove past where I first voted... For Clinton. #wow-I'm-old
Always remember 9/11/01. God Bless America. Where were you on that tragic day?
you're hotter and i wanna know WHY AGH
Can i get a follow back beauty( :
Am presenting "Versioning Your REST API" during tonight's UnCon at 7:30. You should come!
o Noo not you too 👎
Him and Ivan Johnson would make a frightening squad.
Only know three people here.
Just got back! But I think I left my brain there.
Head to head: Honda Civic v Subaru Impreza
rub it in.
Looking for my next opportunity in sales, focused on healthcare IT, SaaS, virtualization, and/or security!
i miss the old 90s shows -__-
watched PACK in Glory Days' I'm a native Cheesehead. Thanks 4 the follow. go Pack Go!
I'm the coolest guy at the Gungor concert because of my shirt.
cause everybody pissing me off w/ it
#OKC Playing Heritage High Boys Team
Hey John, It's Scott, one-time radio news guy in Astoria, Long Beach. How are mornings treating you at K103 lately?
I like it!
That moment when you realize you just put shampoo all over your body… >_<
It's 50 degrees out this morning - perfect for a nice long run or ride. Anyone made it out yet this morning?
what a blessing :) Xoxo
hence, perhaps a network visualization of some kind? Otherwise, agree with what others have suggested +
Grow up
You can begin feeling whatever you want (even if it’s not there). The universe will correspond to the nature of your song.
Looking for a doctor nearing retirement who is struggling to adopt EHR and PQRS. Know anyone? Message me!
your friend should have hired me. I get the job done in less than a day. #memeswag lol
In the Line of Fire's last line: "I know things about pigeons, Lilly." MOST random final words in movie history or just one of?
Does a non-darkening vanilla help you sell more soap or do customers like the dark bar?
merc, mon ami! (took a weekend internet break!)
I wanna play just dance 2
working four shifts in a row. i actually thought i would before there was a call out.
Looks like its going to be a great Friday in NYC. Come join us for lunch and some mojitos! Enjoy Folks!
RT : Upcoming Big Shots 2012 Southeast Region Events Mar. 24-25 Big Shots Gulf Coast Tip-Off (Ft. Myers, FL)
oh yeah she didn't Lool :p
they r awesome plans for my future
Tomorrow at 1pm, we will be giving out more Free Tickets and Tees...
North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa may as well be on different planets in terms of race - not all who live in Africa are Black.
i love your tweets keep them coming.
Best wishes tomorrow taking on the ATX Danskin Tri! You will rock it!
cool, thanks!
Ryan Reynolds is hot❤
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 6mph N, 22%
Agreed! RT : it will be fab for everyone, I'm predicting.
Love how fans are dominating on the sound effects!! CRUZ
If a Packer related story comes from a gossip site, I have no issue with the beat reporters retweeting. Fans can investigate
send me your info
Dominos is still nasty
Any good April fools jokers out there?
Lol that's how gov was today and how macro will be Thursday. Lol
Come see our Ministry on facebook/Kenneth Rector see what we have to say, and see all our wonderful products we sell..have a great weekend
Imagine being so screwed up that you honestly believe that God would make people sick for loving one another.
Did anyone get Friday the 13th tattoos today? We wanna see em!
Lol they ripped up the road and took out all the trees :(
A5) One key, I think, is to introduce them to other #gifted folks of various ages, alive & historical
I just requested you on Skype.
Hey man
you're in luck. you're in charge of Saturday's hangout.
Marry me?
Word to the wise, learn from your mistakes so you won't make them again.
Can't wait for One Under tonight!!!! Come out!!!!
I know! its fucking perf. OMG, WE SHOULD MEET EACHOTHER AT THE CONCERT!
its time bitches :]
It never fails, I always cry on my birthday.
Happy mothers day from a mama's boy ....all good Italian men are mama's boys
it is't nasty, i'll make sure its someone i dont like and it does! ;)
RT : iQ now syncs with user's Facebook & Twitter accounts auto locating & recommending those connections on the iQ platform
you got it bro! I'm gonna crash out, bout 3am here... I'll hit you up later on in the day after we ship and get u the ETA!
honestly just fuck this. i want food. totally craving chocolate milk and homemade chocolate chip cookies right now.
I don't, but I can find out. Will let you know!
Not hard to figure out from your picture.
Do NOT forget a Thank You card/email after the interview, this could make or break you getting moved forward to next step.
Hey everyone; we've got a new website that has gone live today. Enjoy! Also, thank you for the well wishes... it won't be long
Waiting for this weekend.drinks,party and shhh can't say lol
Why Space? Meeting challenges out there can give us new insight into meeting challenges on Earth...
You’re the best! :) RT: sunbelt granola bars are the best
wow that sucks i think u should've gotten it, it would also go wit ur cute face
Thanks for the follow!
Literal & metaphorical relegation & madding traffic indeed. It's all good;enjoy brakeless time w/ wee ones whilst they're wee:-)
well it 2-3 years ago but yeah I did. Crazy
no one has said this sentence ever #livelarge RT : a bird tried to have relations with me the first & last time I "played" it
Oh so many dandilions...it looks like its snowing in my yard! I think we need a yard & weed intervention!
": I feel like I just did a kilo of coke!"
Looks like Facebook changed their UI on iOS devices...seems to be quicker and basic. I think I appreciate it more...just kidding. Lol
#GrandpaFred Doctor, this urinal tubing is, shall we say, giving it to me. What did she say?
I was just messing with you. Is your calendar filling up for this year?
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate? Steve Jobs
Will the friendly on Wednesday be televised?
I hate bad movie endings
remind me not to fuck with you.
Thanks aha.
Did you catch some rays earlier at the beach?
#rejectedpromthemes Strange Clouds
Holy crap! 2 episodes in the can in one 11 hour day of filming. Now that's some hard work.
.. to defend you. is that fine to help a stranger?
That last one was for you ;) Ted Turner is back!
you don't take me out ever! Patty makes me food.
you for the RTs
Got in my Vote for today! Can't wait to do it again in June!
What is the temperature looking like in your part of the world?
you know we take care of our own!
totally ready for this week to be over with.
You cant insult me if i don't value your opinion......
Get at me ASAP! I'll be at Zodiac tonight @ 7 for the mixer. Y'all come thru. We need to chop it up.
It's half-priced bottle wine night tonight! Come and try something new or one of your favorites.
“: you already know how the #socialchick multitasks 😉” accurate;)
my brain isn't working right today.... SXSW def kicked my ass.
"Have you ever been mellow? Have you ever tried...?" what word replaced "mellow"? ... and I'm sorry if that song won't leave your head.
I think your financial products are bad. Consider this is a complaint.
You just can't help some people no matter how hard you try.
Really spurs really?!?!
Ropa Vieja, Asado Negro & Mezcal Apple . . . Just 1 of the many combos you can create for your 3 course New Year's Eve dinner at Charro!
you are one of the best and i love you with all my heart for being who you are as a beautiful person !
Audition tip: Always ask a Casting Director your questions. It's YOUR audition! Own it!
that's what I need stat. Coffee. I should get up and make it. I am also firing my house boy.
NKE looks weak, playing it again tomorrow. POT might have a nice little uptrend. BAC nice dip in the morning.
This just became a three generation house
Hay lex can u unblock me please???!!!
it is and it will always be Corazon Sin Cara by prince royce.,,,,,,,,,,, love ya' :P
Wanna catch the show on your computer? Of course you do! Go to #ustreamdotcom to watch Troy broadcast his show LIVE.
: aight ill let u kno Kay
Just a base hit Gomez
any ideas on drawing traffic to our site? whats your thoughts?
Bad weekend.
: you making an appearance?
Ha! That guy's a little Italy staple. He lives in the yellow house next to Caffe Italia. He's hella old school Italian.
FYI - There are 238 days remaining in the year.
RT : some great comments, and from non library types too -> Should Libraries Get Out of the eBook Business?...
We are so glad you are spending your weekend with us!!
demo'd #ExpressionEngine #CMS for a client that's on #Blackbaud CMS this afternoon, they admitted to having CMS envy :)
I almost bumped into some guy at the gym, I say "sorry". He says "you're fine" and pinches my ass...
Where did you all eat?
You too!
Let's go Bears D UP!!!!
Oh so Kellin Quinn has a baby on way? What riveting news.
I better be getting an Xbox achievement once May 15th arrives lmao
you guys need another room mate? im thinking about going west.
has your reflection on students' cultural contexts affected your program's goals/outcomes? I'm working on that now ...
Just booked my last Redfish trip of 2011. Staying at The Dunes condos in Port Aransas & going out with redfish guide Gary Cooper. Stoked!!!
Dear Examiner--yeah, all your attacks against my wife for years really makes me think you're playing an even game here. Stop your whining.
always there when I need my brother from another mother
My mama turnt up today lol
If you call me and I don't know your number im not gonna answer
no its not but #lightning resembled #ahl #norfolk last night
Okay Prince James fans, can u now understand he isnt a role model like said. please educate the world on him & his mom
Surprise, surprise... True Grit is amazingly funny. Oh, you wiley Coen Bros.
wow how much of the arts are you in??? Like my mom sai to me when I was younger," son you got gifts.
Subpoenaed to appear in court on a case I worked on over 5 years ago.... WTF!!!
Nap time before the gym :)
#BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
the #nfl draft being tonight which a lot of people i'm sure are looking forward to...means that #nhl draft is drawing near!
"Supremes Appear To Favor Arizona Immigration Crackdown" #huffpost They'd deport Justice Sotomayor if they could!
I KNOW I WAS AWESOME.
practice makes permenant
Oh finals...we will never have a good relationship
Competing for first place tonight because "That's How We Roll"!
the sens are down by 1 going into the 2nd. Good thing or bad thing?
Come to Beginner Yoga tonight with Laura, 6pm. All levels welcome!
The weather this weekend in KC was incredibly unremarkable. Springlike. Clouds and sun. Some extra wind at times, typical of the season.
that is just nuts. I'm frightened.
RT : Drinking copious amounts of iced Fez (No. 39) at
THE WORST FEELING IN THE WORLD is not knowing what to say when your words mean the most....
Feeling's mutual! U go girl!
One of the backstage shots of my band and I performing at The Band Perry concert. What do you think?
For the record: I HAD NORFOLK STATE!!! (on my bracket playing Mizzou today).
Tried that once, but just got old fruit thrown at me. Maybe that was part of the *art*?
RT : Just finished writing my screen treatment for new film project: "Harry Potter and the Flaming Jet Dryer."
#WeWontWorkOut if you get more likes on your pictures then I do.
kill-a-joy lol
Happy Birthday Harry<3
I'm going home today. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!! Gonna have some fun with my Go-Go heads.
honestly oscar i love boxing but the big fights arw not there like they used to be when u was fighting one one left but
"Give me you coupon👐".. phones truly do need breathalizers. I apparently think you're a coupon queen👑
I'm the real deal while these other cats fronting
Not determined yet. Safest bet will be to register as soon as possible once registration opens.
When it comes to wedding dresses, do you want to stay traditional and feel like a princess or go modern and try something daring?
Drinking beer at the elysian wondering where my meeting is...
Psyched to be heading to #WomenWhoWrite to hang with & two of my favorite tweeps.
What stylus are you recommending right now for iPad? Thanks!
Best time to get an oil change is Monday morning! No one was there!
You're preaching to the choir, girlfriend :)
He lived in my home town Port Washington, NY! His house is a National Historic Landmark too
How do you stay up to date on CRM news, ? Have a favorite industry magazine or resource?
the new whale and robot pages look nice
thanks. I said i had put in an application. I might do one for family dollar too.
Come in for good food & leave in a good mood!
Students using edmodo for presentations and current event presentations. Life is getting easy
Thanks for this It reminded me to follow #redrocks for concert info.
Brad thanks for following me!
oh no, there's a blonde lady dressed as michael jackson outside the courtroom!
hey yes please! Back in Miami on 21st, possibly that week works for you both?
where do you come up with this stuff. If you disagree with me is one thing. For you to say something outrageous makes no sense.
Heck yes. Us too!
don't talk about me I'm a sweet heart so I have sensitive moments lol
Just saw my hometown on House Hunters International. (they were moving away)
W/o the ladies there'd be no kiddos!
Thanks for the retweet Steven :)
The Emergency Alert System keeps popping up. I hate tornados!
I think so, alas.
Next snow to impact WI Sun PM and Mon AM. Watching a potential major winter storm to impact much of East. US Tues-Thurs of next week,
#Browns reportedly to receive the Jayme Mitchell consolation prize...
Today is where we will see if Tiger will contend, first 5 holes will tell all, say hey to my buddy Andy please!!
.have fun getting fat. LOL JK, good luck trying to find something on tv. (Tv sucks, all my entertainment comes from youtube)
gimme a break! Jeez! :)
First day of class jitters for Maymester term, but the all important debate commences today: Finley v. Rostovtzeff!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer19
Kiddy pool fashionista.
Welcome our two newest clients: A Luxury Watch Brand and A Green Boys Clothing Line!! How can we create Business Prosperity for YOU!?! We a…
9 Digital Ways to Become a Social Good Hero in 2012
ha! using that next time.
congrats uncle vinny!
who did she fight
#Nuggets did some work! Manimal is takin no prisoners!
yup! A lot of insecure and dishonest personalities here.
Thanks for the #ff. :)
I cut my hair, but I want long long hair. Why do I do that >.< lol, braiding it forever 24/7
So did you hit the tree the bay or the bridge?
Thanks for the RT! Whether it's sunny & warm or rainy & cold, the La Jolla coastline always has something beautiful to offer.
The wind right now is fucking crazy
Lol, I'm going, it's just I didn't get VIP. I'm in section 115, row 3 :) We can still meet up! :)
Hope to see you at The Speakeasy this Friday. Playing as a 3 piece band for one night only. It's a one night band. Can't wait!!!
me too.
can u add GNews App?😃
Looks like I have to fix a leaky toilet b4 bed.
Brittanys car wouldnt start today..we had to wait for 2 hours in the cold. Thanks for the april fools joke God!
Also, it's facebook layout complaint day! DO let us know what you think!
I dislike being on hold..
Where's at?
now that bobby went there. I'm sexy and know it - wiggle wiggle wiggle.
Body is not liking my 3 1/2mi run and 5mi bike ride I decided to do at the gym yesterday!
you can do it!
They hold a lot of events in Great Hall, but when nothing's going on, it's filled with a bunch of large oak benches.
King Crimson, Queen, Daft Punk, and Sebastian
Peyton Manning's not coming to Denver...its fun to play with...but seriously...he's not coming here.
happy hump day ladies!
Shout out to my new followers follow to get a major follow back from 50+ followers
Esperanza Spalding Grammy Winner
is it cool if we come by Tha station tonite... Need to holla at chu on some $$$$ type convo
You have no idea how bad I needed your inspiration today. Thank you.
Did Chuck Brown die?
We are looking for companies who have had success using #SM & #PR to grow their #smallbusiness for our blog & articles. Free
P.S. Can we videotape you Monday and then stream from the history department site?
Be CREATIVE (:
Get involved and reach out
I'm so sleepy
Siesta key Florida. Top ten beach I think so
RT Who is exicited for the opening of tomorrow? I know I am.
I think My Wish by Rascal Flatts is a good father/daughter/parents dance song too
#TheIdesofMarch directed by George Clooney adaptation of Willimon’s stage play #FarragutNorth. One of the best political thrillers I've seen
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new warm gear and goodluck on the glacier hike!
one can never have too much Sriracha :-D
Wish i was in NYC!!!!
thank you beautiful :)
Murder suspect&#39;s trial delayed
football today? it was alright...icebath > jacuzzi. :D
Back at work. Life the offshore life.
I hope everyone is having happy Easter weekend!
so you lie on twitter? Hmm good to know
..yes, but is that a threat or a fact you cling to?
Btw I forgot to mention the pulled pork sandwiches were excellent tender&moist. New smoker is a winner!
Hehe...you always have something fun to say don't you?
Can't get Packer game over the air. Tried downlinking the game off satellite cuz its in HD
My whole body hurts. =_=
chris brown makes me feel better...
We'd like to talk to Walker Prettyman. How can we get in touch with him to share his side of the story? Thanks!
"Complete Commitment-----'Lack' of separation from what You Want" --A.H.Almas
Raising hand. It's been raised for hours. :-)
never got your email!
is excited and absolutely thrilled to announce that she will be performing in "Songs for a New World" with #CPCT this Spring!
You had me at meat tornado
Grace Chapel and Boston area friends, Lexington Venue Theater said they could add a Sun. 9pm #bluelikejazz showing. Please RT & Come
Pollak and Shapiro oversold something that turned out to be a wet noodle. America was expecting to see BHO burn a flag.
I'm weird. Think I'm stupid? Gtfo ✌
it worked on Molly “: Got a clicker at a sales training today from Will use to train my dog later #pleasework”
RT: As long as habit and routine dictate the pattern of living, new dimensions of the soul will not emerge. ~Henry Van Dyke
So les Schwab carries Foose designs rims. Exciting!
Some say: Obama has three demographics to divide to win 2012. Race, class, sex, Hillary Rosen is leading the charge for the later. ,)
Sylvester Stallone's Bullet to the Head Pushed to February 2013
Imprinted iPad cases are a huge hit
Gerry hope we get a chance to chat before the day is through.
Oh.... Congrats
Andrew Weiner is such a weiner
check your emails for important info for tomorrow fundraiser (new arrival time is 8am)
what time are you fools coming in?
Lie down and lift your legs up and I'll show ya ;-)
Im sleepy , I got my shoes for prom , theyll be here next week sometime .
working out at the reference desk, while my machine gets a good talking to...
We are looking for a promotions team please contact this us or to help
Who of you will be going to the La Quinta Arts Festival, March 8—11? Just curious...
Thanks, And thanks for building the Timbers Army into the greatest supporters club in the universe. Brilliant!
well i finished my poptart lol
we were at rupp too! It was fun
we think it's a combination of both. It's also disillusionment. There have been many plans, promises and no results for decades.
Professionalization and its discontents?
Scrambled eggs. :)
Thanks for the RT!
obviously. :p
you got dat right...
- you did a great job in
You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
You should use it on your next box cover....who needs review quotes??
Why You Balling Your Eye's Out Devan? Your The One Who Said, "I Just Want Her Out Of My Life, Im Done With Your Shit!!!"
you can't just delete FB
Try CLE or ATL, Strong Pro Draw, ATL Weak Twins, SB Bunch Draw
#cybermonday = install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Retweet for
Hey #Chicago which restaurants are opening their outdoor patios early today?
I'm so sleepy! I still have about three hours before I get to close these eyes
#OccupyAlbuquerque is still going. Base camp is at University & Central. Follow #OccupyBurque for info.
I can't help but wonder if you ever miss me.
Just curious, why follow me. :)
ah american. I'm kinda your biggest american fan.. Come here <3
your welcome(:
FOLLOW ME!!! :D
Fuck family, all i need is my boyfriend<3
Did you know that Friday's are the least stressful on the heart? Hm. :)
Who are some leading #Rails developers in Milwaukee (individuals or shops)? Possible project soon.
I honestly don't see him "trying" to do anything different. Same slap hitter.
is akon back?!
Life lesson #302: Never ask the officer to hold your beer while you find your license and registration.
Looking for a place to live and Dakota blue for beers
#Galtung's plan to create free college: use retired professors for admin, let students help.
Congrats to #wbdc25 for reaching fundraising goal!
shot out to all the cool people who retweet dis n follow me
Ah! Thomas decided to build an entirely new display system for next weekends ever in Philly! come see: booth
awww<33 thanks!n~~ you are too sweet :]]
oh man, #CLF!
edgewood website has live stats and video.
following you now!! x
Today's theme is clever, I like!
hello Dod diva :)
If you've decided to vote for Romney because of an issue that doesn't affect YOU in any way - marriage equality - you are just daft!
Probably on Wednesday, late afternoon-ish.
Youk with the Grand Slam!!
Standing in line to see Dr Dog at Don't think I'm getting in, this is pretty crazy!
EKB August 2011 POTM: "Sleepless August, You, Me, Everyone?" Opening line: "The crickets outside raise themselves up like goosebumps"
I almost forgot!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 you're an amazing person! One of my idols! Hope it's a good one :') <33
Hint #1: Despite the meaning of my name, I am not made with any seafood.
I WANNA WRAP U IN MY ARMS, BABY LET ME HOLD YOU<3 LMFAO
Hammond giving examples of teams starting 4 man instead of center. Brought up Atl, Utah.
your welcome :)
That is great. Thanks so much. I've only had minimal contact with bob Sutton but I like him - and now I really like him
Rotties - Kell'd, Maulers - Asa, Asa clobbers Kell'd out of bounds off the line, Asa takes lead
yeah I'm gonna miss her when I finish high school. But she really shouldn't tickle people and threaten to throw then out windows
Nicole Sullivan is on #TheGame tonight.
I sure am!!
its not looking good for Mexico. I hope they don't play like this in the olimpyc qualifiers or they won't be coming to kc
Just ran into the homie
Ivanovic makes shock Stuttgart exit Former world number one Ana Ivanovic made a shock first round exit at Stuttgart s clay court WTA tour
Yes! Power Play for the #caps!
To get some rest, would you give yourself away?
More bag space! Tasks in Moria! All the things I mentioned in the last survey I took. Can't wait!
thanks! How is everyone this #FF?
"I See the Light" is pretty much a perfect moment in cinema. So magical.
It's that time! Ahh, the smell of fresh manuscripts. Don't forget the Summer Residency Receipt Deadline is January 27th!
yeah, I think she was just a tad more faded than you!! She was so faded she couldn't talk, AND u were holding her up..Smh lol
We need to start putting fainting couches in NFL press boxes
Magic words that guarantee candy: "trick or treat." If only every kid knew that at Halloween at the Zoo
Only series w/ the #Indians I can't wait to be over...why? Mere sight of Wedge & Felix makes want 2 punch'em in their throat
It's lunch time folks! Just in time bc I'm parched and starving! Stop by a #Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your $1 drink!
"tony and cleo" comes to a close this afternoon.
one of Oregon live's favorite things to whine about. Serves them right.
i can dig it
Great surprise hang out with the girly :D
LA Kings Are Winning Yeaahhh 1 Up!
no : ( next time ill be home is july 1st. big party for july 4th?!
Thanks for following (and congrats on having visit - how great to have him speak to your students)!
I guess it's true.......u win some u lose some
thats so true.
o I never thought he'd be Hulk
My day was pretty good =]
What was your #first #car? Did you #love it or #hate it?
Check out live birth with midwife in chapter one of My Name Is Mahataa
Or that one.
mine'll hafta wait for another pink drink. I just like it!
Since when is angry birds like the essential game on tablets and smartphones?!
i will
He said, "Wow, you can hear a pin drop in here," and in my head I thought, "Let's keep it that way."
Thanks - have a great WE too!
we will be at SXSW and New Orleans Jazz Fest. 'Roo and ACL are on the horizon. what bands do you want to read coverage on?
< if u follow back I will
good luck g unit, #lsat for mee
if city win the league ill be there when they win it., if you tweet me i'll send you a photo of it.
I love you 4 so much, you need to make your own show!!!! My life is over now D:
If you don't want people to comment on your conversations don't talk so damn loud.
RGB Parade for me too
Funniest part of my day driving home windows down and radio turned up, passed by 2 Mormons on bikes... Blaring Pretty Ricky
LOL LOL! that's kinda funny :P
Yep! Then I ate my cat.
Listening 2 / #PublicEnemy. They helped change me when I was a teen. I decided i was not going to be that chick that wasn't AWARE.
they need attention too!
For all the girls that didnt get this message.....GoodNight beautiful!(;
RT : Was Kei on frame or not? His balls don't seem to be getting in the net lately <<I hate it when that happens,
killed it, like always. can't wait to see them again!
lol, how does tweeting on a empty stomach bad? disturbing pictures?
you are on our list of invitees for digi humanities symposium as well; maybe better to have u in spotlight. Email this AM?
Look for the Magic to pull out the upset win tonight over Celtics!
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people. No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.
“ “ GirlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for famILY.””
At least we know that she'll tweet fans so thats a good thing!
Great Job Tonight(: I LOVED your Leona Lewis Cover!! Keep up the good work. I would vote for you<3333
being mayor is EVERYTHING
I pay $32/monthly. I think that is the FMV
First day of spring yay! Why couldn't it have been on a Sunday?
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product."
LOL Science & wellness stories are newsworthy info regardless of the source. "Don't throw out the baby" :o)
Personally offended when the internet on my phone is slow.
It would be nice if someone appreciated a fucking thing.
lemme see that hip SWING!
... kids don't need to tackle to learn sportsmanship, teamwork or how to play football.
"Silence is the true friend that never betrays".-Confucius I just told my friend that quote who was being baited into a fight - it works. :D
I so earned some Dewey Decimator punch teaching that Social Media 101 class. Is it 7pm yet, ?
in responding to a charge of discrimination, lots of little issues with a claim can be more damaging than one big issue. For example, one …
same to you!
I used to work for BUDL...this is Andy Ellis...i need some help on the YOURS social network we are building...
Noticed some minor damage on a piece of artwork in one of the galleries today. Scratches on paintings make me twitch. Be careful in museums!
I liked it! idk, might b worth the risk
i still remember the trauma of realizing that "cinque, dieci ..." is about susanna's *hat*
Was struggling with my work and personal life since past many days..Here i am back and improved Vegan..Go Vegan!!!!
Hey and - is getting packed! It's near you, so get some soon!
I just remembered last year when tweeted me and wished me a happy birthday...one of the best days of my life. <333
Off for the next two days! I want to get out of this apartment and do something!!!
re Mad Mag, yeah but more Lampoon & SNL - both of which I've written for. Also love Onion.
ask mom. It's a spa day enough for two people so she said she's probably going to take dad
should come back to orlando #ASAP!
Can I get an autographed PICTURE, in a frame that SINGS in your voice, and ends the audio performance, "I LUV U, Ray!?" ;) LOL!
Hahaha yess it'll be over before you know it. I can hardly remember finals week now. Any plans for after grad?
I use Emacs in both. Primarily in graphical though.
Catches a case while injured; does 3 yrs RT : Cam Newton getting the Madden cover? Panthers 6-10. He's missing half the season
Twitter is gonna be fun this weekend :)
Nice--Marc said you were looking for piano trios? Said he mentioned my name--which was lovely. Care to see a score?
Laying out in the sun with mom while kassidy takes a nap.
isn't that ironic:)
Hard to steal on
ain't no love in the heart of the city...
they are sent out in May!
Completed the steps for the move from #delicious to #avos. Another company now knows I like digital libraries, social media, and kayaking.
going to see Stop Making Sense at the Paramount tonight. Cannot wait!
A few open seats for Friday's #LeanStartup Workshop hosted by RSVP today:
-- will be in bloomington this weekend for a taping! Look at my RT!
in the spirt of #FF Follow Friday i want to create #TT Trend-with-a-Friend Tuesday!!
Between getting hit by a car and robbed at gunpoint this year. My nerves are GONE!!!! I don't trust ANYONE lol
Adorable! My cat perks her head up when Busytown Mysteries come on. the characters are animals (including cats)...
She would get it tho
sorry you were having difficulty with the site. It is working - check it out now.
overdue. Program support and revenue shouldve produced a final four in last decade
Oklahoma! FREE SHOW TONIGHT in Lawton. See you in the pit
I like them all light skin dark skin brown skin! All skin Lego
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure. ~ Clarence Darrow
Brand yourself in your music, logo, bio, website, social media sites, videos, networking events
Hey Coach, who's gonna take Quizz's spot?
just listened to your podcast with on "Making It." Best advice; "Work harder than everyone around you."
Throwin javelin today
Braves won today off a walk off hit my boy Freddie Freedman
Be my wifey?
Thank you to all of our Volunteers, Partners, Staff, Fans, & Saint Paul for helping to make this "The Coolest Celebration on Earth!"
you never fail to make me laugh!! #bestfriends #neverlosesafight (:
I think the best answer when awarded or honored is to offer thanks and say you're grateful.
No, you're the only dork so far. RT Is anyone else struggling to make tryruby.org work?
Kudos for supporting gay marriage; Stephen Colbert debuts new portmanteau, "gaylageddon"
Just saw a guy who was flossing his teeth WHILE DRIVING! hahahaha
Happy Mother's Day Kei!
MWAH! MT : No arm twisting here, it's a fact, the entire staff at is amazing!
i'm no mind reader or anything but i think my english and world history teachers...wanna f***k me! :D...wait. O.O
Remind them to tip their waitress and try the veal!
RT : #Cancer will listen to everybody about everything but will rarely share anything about themselves
#FF Thanks for the follows friends!
Yes, I'm probably going to go to an event tomorrow. How about you?
#FF Our partners this week are phenomenal
forever spending money on this car. 😔
Nah, I'm out tonight. I'm in tomorrow, tho.
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
hope you had a great day <3
I ran two miles then did ABS at la fitness.
What a simply fantastic day!
about to get this project done
Today is awesome. I can't wait to serve on a jury. Not.
Meeting with Jon Devoto of today to begin pre-production for a new band EP. Forgive my absence, Twitter. Been very busy.
oh shit you poor thing! Did you speak from experience?
Honestly i can't wait to go home and have a major snuggle session with my #jasper I misses him 🐱
Y U NO SMART
Wine: how classy people get wasted
Are you serious? Why?
Listening to dumbass' talk about weed and cocaine. me and are cool<3
im going to facebook
One of these cars is jamming "Funky Town"
Unicorns are unique. I am unique. Therefore, I am Luna Lovegood.
Hi Jenni, sorry for delay. No, I've never worked with plays or scripts at all, outside my realm of experience.
the difference between Chuck Norris and is that Shaw scores more both on and off the Ice
Every late-night TV talkshow host has a Mexican. Why?
Sexy lady 😘
You find yourself a big thick hard dick to play with yet????
sounds like a nightmare out of The Hangover!
Thank you! I really appreciate it.
#THATTHINGYOUDO is a great film. Hanks' true masterpiece.
just entered the turnstile and people have formed a crazy line around dancers statue.
Symphonic Band is really good:)
Hi Jeff! Any snow on the ground at the Hall this morning? -- Ted
next sunday it will be 5:30pm and dark , ;(
Am I fat if I use a china house menu as a bookmark? 👲🍱👘
rt for drinks at cherryjam x
I just wanna clean and do laundry but there's already a load in the washer #firstworldpains ugh
will you all come to Montgomery
Yup..... I think I'm gonna throw up
Love my family though.
As a general rule, I hate your anti-Brewers tweets... but I got a good laugh out of this.
The entire theater for Hunger Games just erupted with crazy applause for the Pre-trailer commercials. This is some insane crowd!
oh please. I've always been a rangers fan since I was a kid.
Why are we so blind to see that the only ones we hurt are you and me?
HAHAHA that's awesome! thanks!
All these bitches be wanting the dick
Ouch! I get my eyebrows threaded, but that sounds awful! Did you know that some people get their whole face threaded?!
Yay! Sorry for the misunderstanding :)
: So fun to watch.. Love my fans so much !! Thank you for giving me the best job ever..
I have heard you can drink pee tho
Lol that 4x4 took all the energy out of me.. Time to take a nap.
Steady Chasin' You cant ever stop in life
So Santorum says pregnancy as result of rape is a "gift" & that we "have to make the best of a bad situation" & nobody thinks that's BS?
Hey greenali13! Glad to see a local on Kupoz!
i'm a human, i'm not perfect, if you want perfect go to 2 walmart and buy a barbie doll they're cheap
im on some other babes better hurry up nd hit my line lbs
Today is my birthday finna have fun 🍰🎉👑
i really love this story i just know that that chick anit prego!!
hey lit major, "war caused" should be hyphenated. LOL jk ;) i have your tekken disc btw
muscle milk makes me big and strong _but not too big ;-)
I am now on twitter! C'mon be a follower!
Love the latest episode when he is trying to get his car to call his wife. Excellent writing on this show :)
"You are known by the company you avoid, and the company you keep."
We never checked each other for the 'May be habit forming' sticker and now we're itchy, cranky junkies.
Once again I look on point & the main person who I want to see me is mia.
Had to call you, You won't believe this but Pete got into a fight with Lane. Lane decked him. God I wish I'd seen it.
How's everyone doing today?
Testing twitter berry.
hello c:
Top notch commercial interior design and architecture firm:
Put the backup candy out. Next kid stole that too.
aw, thanks Tiffany! No, I didn't, but some Canadian got mine. ;)
The Jayhawks are on their way to New Orleans! It's Final Four time!
hahaha....so have you gotten a new phone yet?
I bout to go to jville for one period
Not sure if my new phone background should be Niall or Zayn. HELP!!!
See. Closeout games are easy.
What I should've said was, I love surprises and brocolli.
" Rest does not come from sleeping.....but from Waking " --A Course In Miracles
Jim Leyritz used to be called The King. Maybe they should just retire the nickname. Too many people have it lol
My mama be tripping... she just got mad cos I asked how long she was gon be on my laptop cos I got homework smfh
um.. i hate facebook timeline as much now as i did two months ago... entirely unreadable...
I'm all in!
you're going to ??!!!!! Talk about #classy lol
Guess my boo was right all my photographers B trying to hit now lol
What are your favorite jazz clubs? Planning gigs to play for later this year & want to get your feedback. Thank you.
lmao because your kinda clumsy ^__^
I could use a massage and two days worth of sleep. maybe three days...
and stop laughing at me Nora how taj n de doing
- Looks like Skippy's pic is an absolute favorite!
Wright Way Master Classes is looking forward holding auditions for its Broadway Auditions Seminar in CHARLOTTE, NC February 4th at the NCBPA
come with it the first one is on me
Really tired....
hahaha, from my party and my brother driving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!
My eyes are tired
Dude, "Dozen Roses and a Six Pack" is genius! Kudos to you man! such a good song..We need to write soon brotha! Hope all is well
Thanks. Cuz I saw that thing where y'all were both recruiting that Mormon QB and they went at him and his mom with buxom twins.
Hey ! Thanks for sharing! Good tips :-)
if you mentioned me in a tweet, I think I'd have to love you for fucking ever.
I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD RIGHT NOW! but i have to wait for my mom to leave work
that just makes you an intellectual. :) #MyBiggestFlaw isn't worth your time. You are wonderful.
thanks for following :)
LOL! You're laughing? Dude you should be hearing what I'm hearing now because it is something to be laughed at!
Thanks for the tweet!
Grapefruit IPA is the truffle I make. I use Ruination IPA. Delish!
Now is pushing against #hungergames #activism? Why am I shocked? Cuz if young people want more than bread & circuses...
On beautiful days like this I can't decide which I like better . . . a simultaneous Brazilian wax & root canal or other people.
and if you not and u got somethin to say den address me DIRECTLY. at least have some balls like my nigga
how can you say LSU dominated? Oregon made mistakes, but did not get "dominated" ... don't feed the SEC meme-machine
thanks! you always know what to say<3
I'm
too funny. I almost cried when mom sent me that.
Lolz...I can't sleep so I'm on Youtube
I think it already might be.
shes like omg guys i love this song ! i was like really -_- i showed it to you before you said you didnt like it she was like idr
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
i already herd ur music bro, been following u but ya twitter unfollowed me
Hey! Check out my first video in youtube.....Me doing a cover of Taylor Swift's Back to December...
The day has come when I have died, only to find I've come alive.
-I got your msg - anything 4 u my brother I'll film S. Jersey & Philly. STEELERS!
“: How faraway is Lexington from Chicago?”--not far, #BBN is everywhere!!!
@ , will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept. Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month? bit.ly/qk4zJa
Enjoying visiting ...Just met a young, African-American male senior who's excited about tutoring HS kids in Calculus...
won't be able to make it #SMWneed4speed event today but maybe another event this week
Life is like a Pop Quiz, will you be ready when it presents you with unexpected tests & opportunities? Stay Sharp & ready to take action.
"He Got Game" wasnt that the movie with Denzel and Ray Allen?
we had to move the release date back two weeks..
Come to the brewery on Railroad Street and pick up a growler, $1 off for all of this week, to celebrate the opening of our new tasting room!
their roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe puts our Italian beef to shame
Danced the night away in #Atlanta last night, #Athens tonight- I'm going to need another weekend!
Cool I speak Spanish in Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic
because my people are coming back into town on Saturday in the am and I'm picking them up and said she has to be back
Lol I know I joke. Freedom's freedom
I don't even have a crush.... wish I did tho.
Just completed Week 1 - Day 3 (ran 1.97mi with run pace of 11:26 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with
awww thanks !!! You just made my night and started my day ;)
Do you know the answer to our trivia question?
the old Vince Carter would of dunked that ......
Speaking of which, anybody ever notice that Solitaire is by far the most IRONIC card game? Not hipster irony...cruel, in-your-face irony
moving onto more DH, less sports: been asked by grad dir to teach DH crs in near future for MA program -- huzzah!! can't wait!!
amanda_elyse88 I am but it's gonna be tough to resist buying one every day--especially when the weather turns cooler! Luv their hot drinks!
