Congratulations to a couple of great DD fans! Welcome home to RT : So proud at Purdue graduation
OMG!! Its so a Beautiful!!♥
Happy birthday to you, !!!
That's usually what I start doing right before I stab someone. Go eat something with protein.
Today is ! What or how are you giving today?
Oh, Grey's Anatomy. I thought I quit you.
Looking for local foodies to follow over Would love to be able to search twitter users by interest and location. Possible?
it's all in a days work
thank you for your words
RT : The song of the birds and waterfall outside Powell Library is so therapeutic.
Can the refs give everyone a T?!?!
this chick in my profile page is standing on her toes- makes me look 5"10 - wait I am 5"10 ... Lol
probably in the dugout
My two favorite girls
Not good if you have teens at home :-)
first stop, Amsterdam with
Bruh you don't even know. She got buddy tryin to pay for my food to show off and get in good with the team 😂😂😂
You can post your complaint in alt.chrome.supported.protocols
Revelations of university&#39;s secret deal outrages staff
I swear....WHEN I FIND OUT WHO KEEPS POSTING THIS SHIT I WILL BREAK OFF MY FOOT IN YOUR ASS!!!!!
( #youknowyourejamaicanif you have aunty name sum like Patsy, Pam, Andrea, Audrey, Nadine, Cassie etc.) how they know that?
and I'm Always multi-tasking!
Especially since they didn't want to pay anywhere near full price. V
Catch all the games tonight at Monks!! Specials on drinks to come for all Monks Twitter followers. UC? or OSU?...
I created one last nt gonna post later :)
i havnt really been on :/
consider the oyster
20% off handbags, wallets and clothing ALL weekend when you mention this tweet!
i thought i was the only one... haha
POP GOES THE GIO PLAY THIS WEEKEND AT 3160 ON FRIDAY AND SERINITY LOUNGE ON SATURDAY CHECK OUT WWW.POPGOESTHEGIO.COM
Down, I have that P90X, I still haven't tried.
Sailing hero told no wheelchairs allowed
Finally heading home after a long ass day
BTW, have you heard of the Meatball Shop in Brooklyn? Maybe is the same idea ;)
GOODMORNING!! IF YOU'RE BEST IS NOT ENOUGH.. GIVE MORE!!!!
Fitness Center laundry facilities temporarily down...please bring your own towel thru 4/26. Thanks!
well said “: Big time ups for that. We need more lifelong families to do that.”
Blissfully and completely happy! Goodnight, moon. :)
Lord grant me the strength to climb out of the YouTube trance I'm in.
... blegh nvm it says they are "temporarily over capacity" even if you've been invitedd, wahh too sloww
Filling out an IT skills survey for work. Surreal putting 20 years of experience for some things.
I hear that Amare really "packs a punch"
#fact RT : Things it does take two for: 1) making a thing go right 2) making it out of sight.
Tonight I plan on getting shit balls drunk and shamelessly hitting on and
polygamists & joseph smith > pot smoking hipsters and occupy commies
Moms said she just wanna chill by the pool & drink . Fine w me !
THANK YOU! :)
God, these #postseason games are stressing me the FUCK out.
Trust me..this country is in much greater danger than worrying about if Adam can legally marry eve's uncle Tim.
Happy Hump Day!
Covered in chocolate.
The pad is goin hard rite now
my fone was being stupid and I had a lots of ppl texting me tht why?
I'm tired of society guilting me into wanting abs. F-YOU!! If you need me I'll be doing cardio and crunches the next hour. Lol!!
Followed! I have to tell you that it's Follow back and not Fallow back :)
I miss the old times where I quite loved every episode but now every episode is sad !!!
agreed. Everyone was screaming for it. Baseman just doesn't have it
I don't need a holiday to drink tequila and make bad decisions.
oh well thats great
It's one step above Thunder Up: Tornado Up.
You got's it! Only thing we know for sure is that Metta's a little "out there."
: shoot i don't either.! Tehe you too & okie dokie, you go mimis.! =) nighty night.
firework please!
gosh that would be helpful then ur moms like do u have another pair and your like ya i carry a extra pair with me
Joanne - you're so welcome - I'll take that blessing! :-)
- Always plan for the comeback Slick.....bigger, faster, stronger!
dude! Next week when its not crazy come sign my year book! Lol
:o You're B-Girl skills are...
Pride and prejudice: Pride impacts racism and homophobia
Just got the new twitter...I don't like writing on the left side :(
Good question. I would think this would be a family document.
tweet tweet<3 sorry I forgot ill do one everyday after swimming like I said(:
Who is "he" there? The master or Douglass?
nothing much wbu??
Hey Rowan, not sure- haven't been invited yet!
I will steal you Poster
I hope that amazing things come out of this for her.
omg Jill Scott storytellers comes on Monday...
maddi i need to talk kan u talk?
If you are bothered by the TRUTH than you must be living a lie!
I miss my dog so fucking much. It saddens me. I'll never see him again.
The web video conferencing the business professionals could organize their meetings daily.
Thanks to for organizing everything for the tutorial today!
mase is that dude!!
Problems with Roland. He's now my ex lol. But I'm happy for you & you're very welcome :D
very talented animator of the film Murray John designed mouth.
what photo?
just busy!
Are your legs out ?
On a positive note I'm digging Craig Sagar's suit!
that's where I'm at right now 😳😳😳
...that is to so true!!!Bravisimo!!!
so i should stop
The best restaurants in Chinatown are usually NOT listed on Yelp.
hey can help me with something ?
$74 for a 60-Minute Private Flight Lesson Over Dallas from Monarch Air ($149 Value)
Copy paste stuck in my head
Lol 0.o Maybe thats why you guys didn't get along.... perhaps too alike....
already at a cruising altitude of 420 ft!
He can't even make free throws smh
big clearence sale!! evey pair left of this collection of guie shoes $50! welcome spring back in style and get a pair of guie shoes!
Take it home & let bubble up, that's the Double Up! If you get in Trouble that just means you Fucking Up!
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. - Al Bernstein
You always get SO much food on #NoReservations, who eats what you can't?
its time to get down to brass tax
If Vinnie Chulk were worth a damn, his eyebrows would certainly have their own Twitter account by now.
I-hop after prom cool shit ..
I like that background lol and your blog is nice man keep doing your thing
I wanna learn how to dance like them!!!
I know me too :) I miss you
Me: duck quesadilla (no goat cheese), wild striped bass w spinach and potato cake. Islander (grapefruit vodka & grapefruit Izze).
Good idea, there's a few great sites for cycling that are similar to what you're talking about
Tinkle berry I miss you!!!!
word u still up there? And I think its in logic
some heat fans too lol
It's too hot, it's too cold, my skin is crawling, I can't get comfortable or sleep, I thought I would be done with this fever by now.
I refuse to let my fears and insecurities speak louder than God's voice
My bad, I didn't know it was cute to correct some one on spelling .. This is twitter not english
": OH MY GOD!!! mine just transformed into a black eye!" -LOL! Feelya. Mine happened RIGHT b4 my review. Kage was like, "oh"
I will have blonde hair by this time next week.
Omg, bunnies! <3
A win is a win, but an ugly one.
Well that was 3 1/2 hours of my life i'll never get back
Tauruses still haunting you huh?! Kmsl. Oh, Clarence!
We finished 3-1 tonight..Also sent a lean out on Fresno st +5.5 . March Madness special only $99 includes all games thru April 15th
You were so right about adults wearing them too! Yet was still a shock to see it w/ my own eyes.
jazz on mic is auditioning for the next global jazz band. Send audition link to ( cash price 250,000.00) GD LUCK
Yep, if the Lakers lose tomorrow all slandered is redirected, we just gotta accept these rules of etiquette lol
FNL is life-changing television. We could have IC viewing parties but season 5 was the end. Netflix nights?
screw Colin. He ripped RODGERS ALL YEAR.... Kept saying he was arrogant, etc.... He ripped GB totally hard several times.
At our cat hospital, we have your biz class net. It is turned off every Saturday night, & our business is affected every Sunday
guitar background & I'm better at the guitar than beat programming. I'm trying to make the guitar centered electronic thing work
Congrats all the best to you Ally and Bergen!
Im gona save my resolutions till 2013 since the world might end before that lol
#kids Mother Goose Storytime at West Irving Public Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Mother Goose Storytime is recommended for children ages 6...
lots of fans? Where?
when you bringin the macadellic tour home? (:
It's go time.
Not liking that Harvard/Vandy matchup for my Crimson either...
Yummy! Add some bacon and basil if you have! Trust me. Delicious.
i just love it when everybody i work with decides to fuck me over at the same time
iPhone users: snap chat me.
Good parenting RT : My mama ALWAYS calls/text whenever it rains/storms...always!! "Hey are you at home" ....
“: how u and ur friend the water buffalo? aka ox...haha. #peace”. <<<< shots fired!! Lol.
hi can u wish me good luck tomorrow i have terra novas?
Sure. talking about a floor level of support. I just caution money = viability notion. Primarily a political outsider myself.
tHEY SELL IN THE UK AT TK MAXX IN THE UK
Re-reading the QDDR & Natn'l Security Strategy for work. In other words...
I'm actually going to the event in Chicago! Figured since I'll be there I should take advantage of it.
#Surprise good seeing everyone
Should have fallen down!
Follow me on instagram -
Today tell her she's beautiful...
Oh! Can't wait!!! We will definitely have the time of our lives!
Seattle, you're beautiful this morning.
daytime bad for you?
Thinking of my friend who's #autism son was kicked out of after school program. She's not sure what to do today. :(
how many won the regular season conference title? How many games did they have to play to get to this pt?
Just did my morning work out, watching "pumping Iron" I feel like a piece of erotic chocolate ....
Big Bang Theory is a good one!
Quiet ones give me a peace of mind, call em' smart mouths.
okay, that was hilarious.
IS NOW FOLLOWING ME!!!! MY MONDAY= INSTANTLY BETTER <3
I didn't know. Wanna vent?
Come on #knicks we need this W
I've never received a Lexus for Xmas. According to their commercial it's fairly common. Just putting out there if anyone thinking gift ideas
mr. nash, are you still at LI?
Sounds awesome! Let me know whenever you plan on going again.
RT : If you are a hockey fan&you aren't loving this #LAKings team, you don't deserve to watch the sport. It's "Show Time" on ice.
We had to do what we had to do. :)
We are slowly approaching 300 followers. What should we do to celebrate? Contest? Client Swag? Other?
I've been reading "Here Comes Daredevil" by Pretty damn good. Check it out.
word smashing some #wine on a #Tuesday night lol. Kick back relax.
Time for a Parkville Giving Circle???
If the AP tent doesn't let me take a picture with you I'll commit suicide haha
Tonight: friends in NoHo, come on out for a FREE comedy show with an amazing line-up at the HaHa Cafe 8pm!
Super Mystery Jackpot song clue of the day :The title of this song would almost surely mean death to those involved. the pot is up to $60 :)
WE NEED A TABLE READ ASAP ILL HELP YOU WITH THE REST OF THE MOVIE
Talking to my bestfrienddddddd
Cell Phone Numbers Go Public next month. To prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone: 888-382-1222
But it sounds like it does, but just in different ways.
On my way to see my besties & one of the best designers I know!!
thank you! We can share zen nuggets
I think you're friend could use these tips to get buns like you
lets go to cedar point nigga !
Can you email this to Romney, so he can crucify the presi....uh...I mean...relay some facts to the people?
Next Generation Streaming App Puts Focus on Artist Profit
Gates are open and people are pouring into #CarolinaRebellion!
I lived how she destroyed that sundae and then finished off thally's!!!!
Anyone else A/B test makeup on opposite sides of your face? Just checking.
What a day. Tried boating but only made it an hour. Too windy. Time for #Badgers football
Headed back to Philly will miss all the ease of eating delicious vegan food in the city!
We just became your 200th follower. Big Deal Russell.
adventure time come on grab your friends we'll go to very distant lands :D
The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey I'm a little drunk on you And high on summertime 😊 absolutely love Luke Bryan 💙🎵
Fill up on a good healthy meal before your cinco de mayo margaritas, come in to and enjoy,
put money on the 19 horse to win ....the names "I'll have anozer"
RT RT I like funny people. A lot.
Yep, the audience member was queer (and author but I cont not to fault author just thought triangulation was classic).
ya, what is oprah gonna do money wise when her show is over...
I was goin got do my laundry today but we have storms coming in so I have to wait till tomorrow.
you actually like that show :)
Paw an law who'll hush
I'm up this early & I don't know why.... Time to get back to snoozing & dreaming . :D
...you'd actually have been in excellent company.
is the only one who understands me
"Bold funeral flavors". Hahahaha...man, that's rich, so rich.
Awesome! And with plenty of advance notice. :) I'll be there!
haha! I made a promo out of his interview and used "Baby I Like It" as the music. Seemed like a good choice!
hey and i changed my profile pic do u guys like it:) !?!?!
Just block the spammers. There was <10 and the stream clears up pretty quickly. We've had lives tweets on screen all day.
I brought my pencil...
$60 is steep for me, too. But most cities have plenty of people who could afford that. They just aren't interested.
There is no free lunch, u either pay w/ $ or pay w/ your data. Some1 once say, if it doesn't cost $, then u are the product
You are invited to enter the Toshiba Canvio 500 Hard Drive giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Roll up for release Plaxico! Time Served.
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
Ha! They just don't fold properly.
Rick Santorum, you are a strong, Christian queen...but your sweater vests left the judges feeling cold. Now, sashay...away.
HAHAHA, it does make it hard!
Thank you always for your lovely
Watching pimp my ride and I think of hahhaahhaah
call mr
Thanks for RT
Gotcha. Was asking b/c as an SEO myself, I think "guarantees" are red flags and unnecessary (for organic). Thx for responding.
bitches always on that, "text me first," shit - let it be known that as of today i'm done texting bitches first.
if you run into any vampire creatures... try to make peace rather than killing them...
So true. -> “What rationale for party membership is there anymore, except an enemy-shaped hole in your heart?” — via
"I'm going to make sure you have the absolute best sweet 16. I will do everything possible to make it happen" - My brother. AWW <3
Mos Def. You gotta a love team that never gives up no matter what. That plays for a full 40 mins.
is gonna win a vma tonight!!! hell yeah
no sir, it's not.
Thank you to Andrea Sanders for booking with us today.We look forward to being your entertainment at your wedding in May 2013.
Happy #FF & happy to be kicking off #Muse2012 tonight
yes, just tweet the hashtag WITH the link. once the vid reaches 50,000 views the city with the most tweets will win points :)
We hope all is well out there La Salita Nation!!!
Now following and looking forward to the inappropriateness!
If you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been.
I wish the best for them. Either way. They gave us what we wanted most.
#beer & #baseball. Doesn't get anymore American than this.
Just ate for the first time since yesterday morning.. and I wasn't even hungry..
Bill Belichick - convicted cheater
who doesn't? :)
I love enchiladas!
what time did you get to ES WS? I got there right at 7am and there was a line down the street!
Vector, Rockwell, & Frutiger are good dog names. You have to be able to yell the name at the top of your lungs.
In my dreams, you're mine. In my life, you're a dream... That's fucking sucks!!
Cuz I hate this damn day! Wish I could jus sleep thru it!
Ava still loves him. Ugh!
+vamp u r. no matter what i will always love u
TY for the mention! Have a great Friday and weekend.
Hoping I can accomplish my goal on this NY trip of being consultant and Re- Glamifying my two best girlfriends.
I assume you've already got the emergence of new professional voices (eg ) in professional dialogue
how about them Tar Heels
School isn't the place for me right now 
Weeded out extraneous choices for the rest of the week and Easter and am concentrating on just those now. Feeling a little less stressed.
I didn't know it still existed thats pretty cool :) which one?
Nothing beats a French press coffee break on a cold, sunny day! (Except maybe a winter ale.) Glad you enjoyed!
oy same here. :(
Your friend, is ON THE AIR! Gonna give away some Holiday World tix this hour, listen to know when to call!
Last day of this online class and onto another five weeks *2013*
Yeah I need to start!
OH: i was trying to juggle.
Wanna get home and nap i feel like shit :(
or buy an easily upgradable (if such a thing) windows laptop.... or screw it, just buy an iPad? haha
Waah... Just burnt my tongue with Dunkacinno....
Martin Accorsi testing out Twitter more to come!!!!
of course (:
Had a great weekend with nephew...he's home now and the house seems empty.
let me kno wen u ready add my gamer tag yo kb the beast24
Just ate my lunch for breakfast. This can't be a good sign :-/
Don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
we hope you had a great time!
Thanks for the follow - hope you enjoy the book reviews!
wow my timeline says the same thing and i love sourpatch kids in general
So sad Tilda Swinton didn't get an Oscar nomination for We Need To Talk About Kevin.
your drummer is fucking amazing !
Rewatched "The Cat and the Canary" (1927). Silent masterpiece about "the reading of the will" & a murderer on the loose.
Very welcome. Arg has broken my heart. I finally watched Comic Book Men tonight. So bad. :(
I can tell todays gonna be one of those shut the fuck up, i hate you,go die, days.
Drowning in tourists. Massive tour bus penned on Holyoke St this AM by furniture truck Traffic backed up blocks onto Mass Av.
The Movement Center in NE PDX is great + has community classes; you pay what you can--classes def. suitable for beginners :)
You need to be less MIA yo :)
it was amazing, thanks!
Tyler Perry's Studios are on fire!
when is it??
id peel it and feed it to you babe. Lol :-)
Good plans shape good decisions. That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true. - Lester R. Bittell
CAN'T WAIT TILL U GET TO NORWAY IN A MONTH!!!!!<3<3
Lovin' Lean Forward #BlueBerryPie. Newt & Herman got pie on their hands.
Really wish that the Dallas cowboys went 0-16 like I wanted so we could draft Luck.
i def will its by palms i think u said right?
the long drive aint been wen ur well rested.
I will see what I can come up with brother. Happy early b-day!
Just stumbled upon a Lamborghini owner's gathering in Spanish Landing! Very cool!
Sorry! All my fault! Never happen again! :(
Dude, I think you are awesome! One day when im famous I wanna be friends. You seem like a sweet friend.
“: Hey great time Saturday, thank you for extending the invitation” Always great seeing you, bro! Good time had by all.
don't start it's too early lol
Man I don't feel like getting up for work sigh
Cubbies "Chulking" up one run after another. 2 out of three ain't bad.
Hopefully they have the results up tomorrow
Good morning from Upfront Consultants, how is everybody today?
Well done Penny Wong and Andrew Barr ... passionate, sensible, fair and it's time
How can a person still eat Burger King after getting a whiff of the place? The great winds of the deep fryer do not stimulate my appetite.
2nd option - major highway 2 days - not scenic at all. both ways you're looking at about 1000Km. I would consider ..........
FYI mikey ro was gonna take the bus and stop over my new place thursday night to hang and have a beer. You are welcome to join.
Mondays are horrible
did it 40 days & none of my family on board , so was tough! Am a #Flexitarian now ! Works for me !
SE Cooper in Parkville. REACTOR, Alistair and I use her, as well as several other folks in the industry.
I haven't seen you in quite a while...did you lose weight or something? you look smaller in your pics. Anyway, you look Great :)
The only thing between me and Texas is packing a bag and a flight tomorrow morning. But I dont want to pack!
“What you are will show in what you do.” -Thomas A. Edison
Original founders, Richard & Gus Camos, have changed the name of the Six Forks store to Camos Brothers Pizza, everything the same
thanks man. Looking forward to reading your tweets when I get up. Some days that's all the devotional I get!
RT : "Thx for the downtown love!"Great night #drinking & #dining in
fuck those niggas tell her you love her
don't be depressed. Take it as an opportunity to take advantage of couples day by stealing their chocolates. That's what I did.
Referring to the #Roswell #UFO Festival RT "Last time we went there was a dog dyed green dressed as an alien."
Couldn't believe instore prices at NAPA auto parts were 10% more than online - and they wouldn't honor the web price. Autozone got the sale
Anyone know why Penn.in front of White house partially/totally barricaded for past couple wks?
A one day trip to Seattle always seems like a better idea when I'm buying the ticket than when I'm waking up 3 hours early.
Those moments when you feel like punching the wall.
Dang. Tweet limit AGAIN
Groundhog Day playing on Country Music Television.
guess college is about leaving your comfort zone, I do that every weekend. Gotta get up for work too!
Morning staff meeting with Lots of good things coming to
bout to go to jam with some of my friends....... Just bout a new LES Paul elecric guitar
Rates are in the low 4s again....
lol least I won't fall down them on my own 😝still love u😄
Anyone watching early games tomorrow?
Meeting w child care advocates this a.m. Shouldn't all child care in AL be inspected? It's not!
Im a regular RJ Berger
haha well i just embrace the fact that im white, and dont try
Being single gets pretty boring but then again fun at the same time!(;
This grizzlies game is much better than the NCAA game
YOU'RE GETTING OLD ON ME! :( Hahahahaha just kidding!
The NBA is getting younger. A new era of players has emerged and the #Lakers are at playing catch-up.
sounds delightful.
Clean and possitive thoughts makes the mind wiser O_o
Crazy #hail in north
I'm always ready =)) RT": I have a mid-term exam on sunday, be prepared darling I'll need your help (ʃ⌣ƪ) #MyLife-Saver<3"
omg yes i just seen it... it's a mess girl
Prof said he was going to let us out at 7 rather than 9 for hawks game. He was kidding. Not cool.
For the last 6 years I've said that I'm done reading Dinosaur Comics. Every day I read it anyway. Every day I'm disappointed.
And its Tuesday -
I need summer now.
switching from bash?
thesis student asked me to be on committee. Will read all McCarthy again this summer.
"What happens in Vegas, stays on Facebook, YouTube, & Twitter" :)
I'm hungry.
Sweet, Bob Dylan is on Spotify now.
do you knw the name of the song she is singing?
That Hartnell pass should be featured by UPS in a Logistics commercial.
Thank you! I hope you enjoy it.
we are playing a free show at Peabodys next Friday
i didnt laugh
Girl where are your TEETH.
first 3k words of 40k have been edited - took me 4 hours! :( - & moved to a doc for my editor working on first read
Man I would be a little disappointed if steelers drafted Poe tonight. Also the Pirates are above .500 team. Time to stop underachieving
im so fucking bored
I kove the whole Manning famiy. Great job Eli.
I feel like crying right now nothing ever goes as planned I need a car
How's your #weightloss going so far? You're using #HCG, right? :D
really ask a girl out on new years?
Thanks for posting the Esbjorn Trio link. I only knew the name, not heard them before. Great stuff! Real shame about the pianist.
Hsi Lai Temple celebrates Buddha's birthday in Hacienda Heights - San Gabriel Valley Tribune
Wish I was..things would be different...and better!!! RT You mean you're not the "Pigskin Illuminati"!
I wanna have a drink with Sid Dobrin.
Corporate Valuation Advisors Opens New York Office
Tin For Man is a rock and roll band from San Francisco. Not too hard and not too soft. We're like the third bowl of porridge: just right.
Good Fest. Have a good time?
Be back in LA soon.
Police are still waiting for the coroner to release cause of death
I would follow up with an evil laugh for full effect.
I like the block carrying as long as they can only pick up things like dirt and sand.
thanks for checking it out : )
I'll save a cupcake for you! 😊
What did the Easter Bunny bring you? Anything good?
oh yeah.. today's cinco de mayo. celebrating by eating some chips with salsa con queso by myself.
My lack of current state ID and inability to go out for a drink, or even buy booze to bring home... is ultra depressing.
Iam not trying to hurt you .
Thank you and Happy Friday!
Intense concentration on our goals overpowers our qualms, fears and doubts. Dennis Deaton, "Ownership Spirit"
Wow Esmeranda Spaulding nominated for Artist if the year.
thinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthink STOP THINKING
You should have pointed out which of you was more likely to ever be on Raw.
Thanks to everyone who came out for last night! It was a blast!
I gasped aloud when I found out why Junior Seau was trending (I was at USC when he was). I saw he had a TV show; I thought he was dong fine!
Good bang for your buck in the MIchSt/Geo game...
seriously I think I just did a full days worth of work by 10:30. time to settle down a bit.
Hey they call me ms.peach and u look like a model from abrecomby and finch
I miss you to
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!!! hahaha c:
Yea #Cotto get him
yes sir. Almost to
Dark blue, dark blue, have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
I was in the theater for 3 hours 17 minutes
just missed the cutoff to see a private screening of #Avengers. Overbooked and over subscribed.
when are you coming to Florida?! (:
70 is for HD
TONIGHT!!!!! from 7-9pm listen to Josh McLane's new radio show, Don't be Afraid of the Rock, on wrugradio.com!!! Music for the Ages.
You know it's a good session when the closing statement is "bar's open!"
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
they showed a lot of poise down the stretch...executed well. pulling really hard for them
Who's got their #summer #fashion picked out?
im sending mines off Sat.
Balk got it NODP
You are the best! RT : #FF Special Friends in Law :) and (via )
hell nawl ion need that call, its 2 fuckin late now
went to bed early last night and i watched your AGT and it was really good :)
It feels surreal that Steve died yesterday...sleep is elusive. Here's to the crazy ones...
This would be the most active Twitter account EVER.
but hey, what do you expect from a glorified community college?
This class pointless
Good morning and Happy Fat Tuesday!!
I'm amazed at grad students who come dressed unprofessionally, are unprepared, or don't take school seriously
If you haven't tried our brunch yet, what else are you doing on Saturdays? ;) Retweet if you're coming this weekend!
Still Me.
Until last night's 4-0 L to the Angels the #Twins had been the last #MLB team with no shutout W or L.
In the battle of #LDvCD the only losers are the poor people listening to the commentary on Fox Soccer.
Can't wait for warped tour, seriously excited.
#FF Shout outs to Look forward to a productive next week
like that.
Hmm. Volterra in Ballard for a weekend breakfast? Yea or Nay?
On the flip side, folks in the know need to not be dicks about answering questions.
breakfast burrito day at my work 👍
re: Josh's point about bias. If every archive has an inherent bias who shd take responsibility 4 revealing this bias?
Ina Drew (JP Morgan) made $14 Million last year. Shouldn't have lost that 2 billion in London...
Give her something for Valentines day that will remind her of you everyday! Bath and Body Bistro has it! 110 Morningside NE.
Alright either release Hoffman or tell him he needs to retire.
If you say "ish," please proceed to kill yourself.
lol it's ok
“: I love me some H-Town !! Ask my friends . R.I.P Dino ( fine self ) #TrueFan”
When passion overshadows principle, you always lose.
he was so funny! He was like "breaking news! Earthquake in pizza uno!" :p
Host it at @ Bank of America Stadium. Good idea????
I was born in a tropical storm,now I rage against ur shores,I'll sink ur boats in their ports,make ur rivers overpour,leave ur levies torn..
I LOVE my Legal Shield membership!! This thing is bomb. I just saved myself headache, time wasted and dollarz. Hollar! :)
The second issue of my Demo Club is out!
lol okay well yeah that's not good sleep....well take 9 shots of tequila and it won't make no nevermind!
such a good saying lol
At what point is the appalling disregard of #Crew96 by Columbus media no longer mere neglect, but manifest hostility?
Had a dream that I was meeting with my committee chair. I guess it's time for a meeting with my committee chair?
I'm down here in central FL, but driving to Jax for REI is just fine by me!
they seriously speak to my soul. it's wonderful.
RSVP is a great resource for the soon-to-be-retired find their purpose in encore career/volunteering
Reading from American Junkie at Third Place Books Ravenna in Seattle June 15th at 7PM
I am going to have such good news for this afternoon.
COME OUT TO #THERESERVE AUG 25th to help #LaBelleMafia PUT ON FOR OUR CITY!! COME SUPPORT HTOWN ARTISTS! Local Concert!!
yes? Theres 2. Did you not know this?
If I could get away with punching her in the face I would...him too.
RT of you are going to teach the Torrey Pines hill a lesson this Sunday at the
#FF Garden District Style
Yes: the range of vision and viewpoints re: #highered leadership is what makes #femlead so interesting!
Great job !!! Let's go #Boston!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 4
: Army of Darkness? Groovy...
they dont even wanna know whats in my purse. my three things wouldn't be that.
After School naps >>>
Who the hell works out in jeans.....
DAMN! ITS BEEN A MINUTE TWITTER.... WATS REALLY GOOD?
you make me think the same thing. #BOOMROASTED im available for lessons if you need em
do u think, she's a Bad Ass!
Greg Williams
SpringBreak? Outside almost everyday with the niggas.
Be careful Satan is very deceptive cuz he lies/ the power of prayer is magnificent cuz god replies/
Can't wait for summer!
when you see shots of Newt without his suit jacket on you really get a sense of how unbelievably fat he is. That is all.
Leonard Linde, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
it starts getting real when you go back and reread the cute text messages..
Lakers didn't come to play, don't look good.
Alright sounds like the excitement is over, back to our regularly scheduled program :)
me... I'm the lucky guy
KILL+MODE= SUCCESS
thank you!
Dear North Carolina, now when we're driving from Florida to New York, we'll be sure to not spend a penny in your state.
nm hbu babez? Haai do you have a cell? We could text(:
If you were a cartoon character, you'd be Perry the Platypus. And if you don't know what I'm talking about then I take it back.
Me to!!!! RT : The lottery is at 476 million dollars. Guess who is gonna be playing today?
thanks guys
Today's Attorneys Ft. Worth Office: 10 - 2 Barry Johnson; 2 - 5 Barry Johnson
yeah_i can assume that from your Twitter name= )))also your English is very very good!!!
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when your Un Cool~Lester Bang Almost Famous
Brenda Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
thank you!!! :) RT : Hey ma thanks for the follow. Hit me up if you need any graphics love ;-)
Either someone's twitter has been hacked or someone really is saying "terrible things" about me.Entirely possible.I have been a jerk lately.
😝 CANT YOU EVER COME TO CINCINNATI! I REALLY WANNA SEE YOU PREFORM LIVE BUT I DON'T WANNA LEAVE OHIO!
Madison police say crowd at Square is largest yet for this time of day. No word yet on if it's largest to date.
Long and stressful day at work? Need a drink ? Come to la Cofradia we got what you desire !
You will have a ton of fun! If you have any questions feel free to ask.
Old people EVERYWHERE. This place is the Ba-Bomb.
#reallybadChristmasjokes How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
What a G morning. Getting to it like its business hour.
well if the trend is just dexter it might be bout the show lol
Wayne Rooney: proof that hair transplants work.
Spill yourselves out before your mediums in stretch towards an ecstatic future that wars with art. Futurism is in the display case.
I need two #Drupal developers now. DM me stat!
Success is a team sport. No one rises to the top without the help and support of great people. Build your success team and prosper.
You wouldn't like other people telling you who you can love. So, why do it to others?
RT IF YOU LOVE CHICAGO!
thank you lol
MT : will be the speaker for the event. We are very excited to have him involved with the first Alumni Dinner
My barber just came in da building we sliding 4 lil bro
Just saw Hugo with Sir Ben Kingsley. Lovely.
Get past the IT Bandwith Police: Talk w/IT & find out restrictions beforehand. Sometimes setting up external site for internal use
Bored... Come Save Me!!!
#sacscoc We must help students make transition from behaviors that were effective in high school to behaviors effective in college.
Tuesdays are my favorite day of the week because of - Chalk up another win for Kick in a Box!
Listen to your children when they say that they see & hear invisible playmates. Your doubts cause them to lose that ability.
Sorry we missed this tweet on Friday. We were on twitter break. Hope you found some tasty eats! :)
Oh back to back victories equals first series win this year!!
I thought you'd like that!!!! :)
My house was freezing so I wore a jacket to the bus stop only to find its hot out
I want a hobo friend
Someone please tell me how Mario Chalmers had the most points on the Heat...lmao
Just got my Christmas card from "The Gary Girls" in the mail. Woohoo!!! Thank you , Melanie & Lydia!
My step mom doesn't even look at me when I come home. I hate coming home.
yeah, or you can also use Automator for that as well.
sick free
I have no motivation to finish this last final and speech.
Ok, fine. You guys can come.
okay you know what ima try to stop being mean
GET MORE FOLL0WERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
Tonight was beautiful, you've touched so many people
Running a little late 😒
what issue are you listening most closely to?
and the sound guys....
The downstairs neighbors are actually a nest of very loud t-rexs. Or at least that's what they sound like.
Meet The Admin - Minecraft
mostly it's about this person that thinks I must be a raving coke head because of how I dress
Why must the world be cruel why I ask u why :-(
I broke out the sewing machine today!
With at un
Yes - let's! MT : so much fun catching up. Why don't we do it more often? Let's fix that. cc:
Thank you for your support. What motivates you to support? And, I could always use a hug!
Fueling up with some dark chocolate to help me w/some decision making...
Trash talk, title fight , touchè amorè, Joyce manor, dead swans , terror and TUI for to nights bed time music sesh
i could not take my eyes off bailey
I missed my phone so much today :( ily phone :*
idk if thats at&t that seem to me like its fault
see u soon!
thanks to your amazing fans becuz of them you reached 12million and over!!!!
answer #2 DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope not, I've had mine on for an hour. ;)
shower time.
hiding under a Rock from horrible femeils that be playin games & hurting a nigga. Lol
legit hahaa :p
just been chilling going to lame ass lee
Im glad Im not the one falling this time.
: aw. Thank ya muchly! :)
Postgame will cover that for you let me know where to send the check
GURL you know we all showed our wild side especially
Hey Y o u. Yeah , Y o u. No, Not Y o u... The Other Guy!! You Right There! Yes, Y o u. Do you like tacos? :)
At US #Army Women's Foundation panel Beyond Battlefield on Capitol Hill #Women #veterans face multiple obstacles to personal peace after war
I'm sorry that your family had to go through that.
It's the amount of power & access to $ that can be mismanaged that concerns me. #DC officials are not worthy.
I think your "Big Bite" set needs a real aquarium. Not the one always playing on the TV.
Nice read..I miss the Fleer brand every day
come on now...
My heart is with Oakland (smokin!) but my money (well, the kind that trumps loyalty) is with the Chargers : I As always... #GO PACK
Huzzah! The Jeopardy folks let me reschedule my audition. Instead of NYC, I'm now going to try out in Lexington, Kentucky.
listen to any album by k-os. Best rapper in canada. Also don't forget swollen members, kardinal offisial and choclair
Oprah way heavy today...
I Switched To “Wells Fargo”. I Like To Imagine That Cowboys With Rifles Riding Stagecoaches Are Protecting My $116.00..
Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em
If you're watching the race on FOX6, that was a nice shot of a "sun dog" in the clouds.
Us too, for sure! RT : New issue of - excited to see profile of 's own Sara Ogger ().
Are we ready to go towards hippie screamo?
yes that gel is very cold did they make you drink water before the ultrasound
This year I made one resolution...don't try to be perfect, just try to be better in everything I do.
are you close to the mayorship yet?
the fact that my couch has a heater and massagers in it beats anything
Dostoevsky's "Crime/Punishment", Bulgakov's "Master/Margarita", Solzhenitsyn's "One Day in the Life"
Beautiful weather here in Albuquerque, NM!!!...
This boy is a pussy! Lol
Interviewed Norah pre show but more importantly met her super cute dog, Ralph. Dogs backstage are the best.
Soccer-dad mode activate!
You are excommunicated!
Trivial League of Trivia Masters if the Whedonverse with
Thank God for "Mark All As Read" option on iPhone. Surprised it's not in Mail or Gmail apps.
Legs feelin like spaghetti...
There's a fairly important difference between homemade and homade.
FREE LUNCH
no Katie already knows we won't have more than 2 dogs! You can live in my basement and pay rent!
The #HungerGames leaves a bad taste and sours another generation with the mindless killing of youth
Fiber monster
already one girl! is that a joke?! You know me better than that.
thanks! You too!!
#PGC grads would recognize Rondo's lack of poise there. Beyond skills, appreciate 's attention to teaching such character.
Just itchin for my career to really take off, theatre is fun but I want a film!
I like buying bags of air ckus sum times I get chips with em (:
Oh no. Seriously bad news. I love that place.
I'm just mean to you lol
you'll get no argument from me. :-)
I'd have Ortiz at DH and Hamilton in CF but that's just me
overtime for LAL - OKC ! wo's gonna win this game !
be back later..... twitters have fun .....
pretty please I want nothing more :)
Come and visit #Seattle!
Are you on facebook too? If so, what is it?
Tell me how to win tickets for tomorrow night! :)
now being dropped into private hands because public won't pay rent on it obscures the fact that they already "own" part of it.
I respect u, I have nothing against anyone. I'm sure they r nice people. But until that obligation is fulfilled,kid 1st.
When is the #iPad app going to catch up with the timeline layout?
My boss also told me the "if you have time to lean you have time to clean" line. Douchebaggery is running rampant in this world!
Thrus-Sat he going outta town !!! I'm too bucked up to have thee entire house and bed to myself...I ain't gonna know how to act bruh
Dear 1,152 Followers *NEW ACCOUNT ALERT* PLEASE FOLLOW It If I Delete This One That Would Be My NEW One xo
Giving the house a Good Spring Cleaning today!! :D
": Rajon Rondo is a true floor general #Salute" wish nuggs had him!
tell your phone to get a job if it's broke. Damn lowlife phone get a job and stop mooching off people
Words Spread Fast
at da crib
I hate when people don't think you around and start talking shit...
I'll stay with you! lol
thank you my friend! How are you?
Definite suicide
We're leaving soon. Hopefully we can lend you our table!
An evening of Les Miserables....
Advocacy takes a lot more than a "Like." High performance brands know how to create strong affinity networks online. Do you?...
Pizza, or not to pizza? THAT is the question.
Dumb and Dumber 2 is without a doubt gonna be the funniest movie ever, besides dumb and dumber of course.
We sold 4 Wallettes yesterday! That's awesome. Thanks to those who purchased them. And thanks to those who favorite our wallets on #Etsy!
every time with peppers.
I assumed that :) Undo unfollow.
Bout to make some more beats
Zero in my life today. I'm not gonna be able to go through summer like this.
When we find truth inside ourselves it's hard not to run away, but we must capture and embrace. It's how we truly live our lives.
I miss u so much can we at less be friends text me 5038476149
are you at the audacity one?
People who lie are a waste of time.
Basically its all casuals until tourny time hits. Sticks are provided but id really suggest bringing your own.
Only in the movies. And not very good ones. RT : Why don't young groups of teens settle disputes with dance battles anymore?
I know I'm late, but I really want him to tour with mckenzie comer. :) Cody Tour 2012
Seems like i have fallen off the wagon and can't get myself back to the gym. :(
Pastor Ron Baity addressing about 70 people at Berean Baptist now: 'It took us 8 yrs of working diligently... so people could vote on it.'
Watching The Voice,Lady Antebellum is performing and Justin Bieber is next!^_^
not for me. I haven't had an a in math since elementary school!
Headed to lunch with the team! What a lovely way to celebrate the New Year and this beautiful sunny day!
well im goin 2 bed see ya tomorrow
Where the dead bitches
ok world,i am ready for it
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Her jacket...<3
wow, average storytime attendance this month was 36 children and adults!
Why am i still up at 3o'clock?..
Gotta say, Archers of Loaf rocked my socks off last night. If u get a chance, see them on this tour . Thanks again !
Kerr Family Bikes is a subsidiary of Albertina Kerr. They are a specialty private bike rental business at the Salmon Street fountain.
Obama caved RT : They C disaster I C disaster. wht abt U? Moody's Warns On U.S. Credit Rating After Tax Cut Deal
My hair is BLONDE......
Hi Ann - Glosses are sticky. Have you tried a little petroleum jelly? That's shiny and not sticky.
It's gorgeous out! What fun activities will you be taking part in today?
#dhtrial p atty: never seen a jury foreman cliaim deadlock after one day in all his trials.
im gunna kill u i thought u were mad the whole time but u were in the shower
yesterday when i saw that what makes you beautiful will b on glee i screemed and cried like #NoJoke lol that was messed up!
I will keep posted sirs.
welcome to twitter! With the new ipad it's hard NOT to be on here. PS: were 1-4 all taken?
That damn spider between window & screen is restless again.
be patient, huge things coming. Nice add on the dip!
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it<3
your attitude will determine how good of a day you have =)
You figured out what you gon do for your bday? im so anxious lol
Starbucks is to freaking cold -.-
Flowers make life better. Dogs too. And a Weez. And Zumba.
you know, I don't know.
Note to self: #RUNNING is the best medicine for lethargy and petty problems. Especially to #Hendrix and
haddadi will lead us to victory
Cocktail weenies. Classy.
Hello gorgeous, haven't seen you in a while. your ass is still onion-sexy i presume.
Damn haven't had time to tweet!! Schools taking over my fuckin lifee -_-
still gonna cut u!!!! inside out
N/P pimp c back hol up
Thanks for hosting #MeetUp Internet Marketing session!
Taking away teacher tenure is a useless decision: it will prevent creativity and further prevent the "creativity" of the children.
fight or flight baby!!!
Life is a dance, from one stage to the next.
RT : Happy Friday the 13th, Jags! Do you adhere to any superstitions? If so, what are they?
Life is like a box of chocolate. You'll never know what you wanna get
RT : Too many librarians don't know the difference(s) b/w anecdotes & ethnography, & none have ever seen a regression.
I am! Anytime the Grizzlies are on TV, I'm not leaving the room.
He did NOT just strike out! Wow. That's brutal.
thanks Amanda!!!;)
RT : Take care my friend - see you soon #Kingofnuevolatinofood < Thanks Luis!
people actually recogise me by my name siscy :)
Yes, excellent point!
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
ive neglected my poor cell phone for this computer shit smh.
what's good fam
All eyes on tonight's #Florida debate as Newt continues to surge in the polls. Gingrich 34%, Mitt 26%, Paul 13%, Santorum 11%.
my voice is so good, that means it's autotuned? no.
No, my young padawan. Much left for you to do, there is. Yes.
28 more to purchase nye tickets. . .
66 games in 120 days. That's way too much basketball in way too short of a time frame. The constant injuries should be no surprise
You guys forgot about me. >.<
I wonder how many NPR listeners have ordered leopard hoodie-footie pajamas for Valentine's Day.
ChiTeachFund: '95 diversion changed everything. Now 60% funded. Employer took prop tax levy, state doesn't pay into us like downstate.
beginning came together well- I'm excited for the rest! David "vacation meister" Cutler is excited for a guest appearance
As much hype as the Dbacks got all offseason, I'd say they are an even bigger disappointment than the Brewers at the moment
Thanks for following, Richard.
In final negotiations with film company to start the Amy Ames Reality Show staring Jackie Martinez, Sammy Martinez and James.
Hi Tonya :-) thank you for the follow and for all your support always thank you!
follow me on facebook at ECANUS Entertainment Syndicate LLC.
Congratulations to both Winston Guy and Danny Trevathan for being selected in the NFL Draft today. GO BIG BLUE!
The tomb is EMPTY! He has RISEN!
Almond Joyfulness Bark--lots of toasted coconut and crushed almonds flowing through layers of Dark and White Chocolate...m
Thanks for the follow, right back atchya
Dear team managers for Colorado Rapids, Chicago Fire: How about some coffee at HT for these players? Red Bull? Anything to help'em wake up.
where's this at?
you will remember Kyle and Kelli Commander and their amazing daughter Lexi Reigh.
How does one get this wonderful distraction on one's laptop? :)
thankyou for tearing my face off tonight! You guys made being in the front row SO worth it!
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here;)?
have fun in India!!
Watching the #Packers super bowl dvd, was in EVERY defensive highlight. I took him for granted. Solid playmaker.
How bad can one person feel...
We just did the wave at graduation. Wtf?! Lol
On a power move. Thank you lord for today and forever more!!
GOOD MORNING!!
": #iJustLoveItWhen I don't get to sleep in on Saturday mornings."
first day of work tomorrow with
Zombie Threesome. ;-)
Can we please do this OSU?
same here ;D LAY YOUR OUTFIT OUT SO YOU REMEMBER 
Who would've thought that Matt Niskanen would be the most important player for the #pens in the playoffs?
Just got my new tablet for christmas and going on twitter, youtube, and facebook.yah!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Twitter is stupid!" *one month later* "DUDE, I can't stop tweeting!" Who remembers saying this? RIP Ron Paul
well off I go, going out and seeing what to do.
If HITLER had a PROPAGANDA MACHINE like the CNN/MSNBC/MEDIA MATTERS Conglomerate we'd ALL be German now. Or dead.
chiddy bang on Money From Strangers
sounds awesome. I'm always looking for new cooking for home lol. Anything I can fry is probably good lol. Not Snickers tho..
y'all comin too right?
you got me chopsticks!? ;O
Jonathan Band nails it: why spend all this time and energy developing perfect registries etc? What's the payoff?
great! Glad to have you :)
take time to realize this all could pass you by
Goodbye to our dear friend Vincent. Rest in Peace x
#Judge is in favor of w #temp custody and hes #restraining order was
While driving I like to play which celebrity is driving near me, currently Pitbull is in his Nissan behind me. Holla Pappi
Who let Kristen Stewart out of the house dressed like that?
Im not a chipmunk or a squirrel!
Usual 3pm film but also we have a special event today! 'Riches of a City' @ 2pm is a piece of Portland history through film. Come join us!
First production meeting for “Bobby Gould in Hell.” Amazing production team! We have to create hell. What does hell look like anyway?
today a heat fan on realgm started a thread to but h about haters. He had a "haters gonna hate" Dwyane wade sig.
Is making sure all stockings are stuffed! is open 24 hours.
yeah. I'll drag his drunk ass into the house later, Im just too fuckin nice, I'm a safeplace, everyone needs one at some point
I am shocked when I find someone in the tech industry that doesn't have a profile....
You don't deserve it, you don't even know what it means.
Home sweet home... So tired
Unfollow this pg it got hacked follow my new one
Famous words from "If you drink alcohol while you have a hangover it'll low key make it better" 😂😂😂
omg I'm so freakin tired, Justin needs to come on already
Is Oliver feeling better?
Self awareness, introspection, critical thinking, and humility are keys to personal growth. Use them to avoid a vapid, ignorant existence.
Made dinner, watched my cartoons, did homework and washed my hair in less than 3 hrs... Not bad. Time for bed.
Glad you enjoyed it. I'm sorry I didn't get to see you there. It would have been nice to say hello.
Was that WTF directed to me? Not sure.
Join me in a huge glass of water, right now. (I mean, it would have to be huge for all of us to fit in it).
just promoting him , he's a so so def rep
Man I keep crying & crying over & over again! I love Whitney Houston & sum things was funny Lol!
Now that's power.
my cousins friend is hurt badly in the hospital & they ask that u show support by tweeting #prayforCaroline, so please do
Always a good feeling to get new glasses. I like Diana Yuen's office on Grand Ave., Oakland, Calif.
Great football season, both college and NFL. Now onto the best sport known to man, college hoops.
hey jenny
Wearing red for "National Support Womens Heart Health Day" and in honor of my sister. We have one chance in this life- make the most of it!
cmon zelaya they made a character based on me already. Billy chappel from For love of the game.
“The most a writer can do ... write [so] the reader finds himself in a place where the unwordable happens off the page.” RIP Russell Hoban.
Hope everyone o's having a great day!! <3 :) "Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love <3"
#YouGettinPunchedIf you come in my room without knockin!!
If I could, I'd retweet that like 20 times lol you go girl ! 👊
Capri Sun roulette.
now u and i both know i cant show u nothin. Dnt want no problems started
Warren Sapp files for bankruptcy....smh...owes 6.7 million in child support and creditors, yet has 240 pairs of Jordans....
If you don't vote for Obama only because he's black, you're stupid. However, If you do vote for Obama because he's black, you're stupid.
is one sneaky kid. Oh btw Gables is awesome(:
agree with you completely about problems of gallup poll. It does a better than before by acknowledging racial differences
Is the pasta dinner happening tonight?
San Diego is today where Portland was in the 1990s in terms of bike mode share
“: your a bitch.” --- I know right! Bitch move.
wait, so you cant go to south till april?
Might be going to bed soon. It's 1:30 and I idk what I'm doing tomorrow...
Cheese... Some of the best cheese you will ever taste! Bought some 2day farmers market. Already gone!
Thanks! RT : NOW PLAYING: 'Rejoice' #316DrivetimeShowWithRyanJ www.luv316radio.com
Family Nature Day, Snakes-Jan14, 2-3p -Nature activities and crafts. Learn a new subject each time! Free w/admission, pre-register 327-7580.
OH.MY.GOD. You're right. Wow, she really hasn't changed and loves her some reality TV. Jeez.
Honda felt it best to put 4 bolts behind the bumper cover. No one was accidentally hurt. Some were intentionally hurt.
Leaving someone a voice mail is the new Myspace message
don't think I won't just show up. #yolo ;)
Stoked on the new skateboarding part were going to release in a couple weeks. Aramis Hudson is a beast.
Thinking about doing a retweet contest.... Any suggestions for a prize?
right now personal, but we are looking at joining as Think photos of parks, refuges, etc would fit perfectly there.
yes!!! I'll need it!!!! Nam was too long ago. LOL
Love Is Like Sand. If You Hold On Too It Too Tight, It'll Slip Away.
My bro did said something random. That's a first lol
they're alright, not my fave but I can rock out to just about anything ;)
scal is on a level few understand, especially head coaches. That's why his minutes are so limited.
Have passed Baltimore on the Bolt. In need of snacks.
Hallé/Elder/Gourlay, at Bridgewater Hall, Seven magazine review: The Hallé Orchestra was on fine form in this pr..
When I'm good , I'm very good, but when I'm bad , I'm better .
Word, next time we on one fam!
Sporting Kansas City?
I am overly obsessed with Hellen. She is the cutest woman alive!
RT: SFH-Power is still out in the community. Road conditions have improved."
Bummed out ... Someone stole my cell phone lastnight with ALL of my contacts. Thieves stink. Send me ur #'s !
I've always wanted to see it, but no luck in my travels so far. Enjoy your vacation.
I'm gonna go hangout with my boyfriend now... It only took him 3 hours to get here. #jk 😉
Please Help me get more views!!! I will Shoutout! youtube.com --->Karissa Lynn
Saw Got a newfound respect for u! Just saw your show! I might be an Irish kid from Boston but I'll beat that beat up
That great I am doing great just getting ready for my summer classes and my new job! Yea I have classes this summer @ UT
We especially thank , our strongest #CincoDC12 supporter & longtime partner, as we work to increase Latinos' access to healthy foods
Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch: Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch LASW gets it just right, o...
Oh, please, not Andover again.
I always miss tweet sprees! I never win...
Ughh people that don't text back <<
pretty sure we're all waiting for the music lineup, not the wine list :P
Isn't it cool when the days that are supposed to feel good, actually do?
A loss of integrity will result in the loss of everything else.
i wasnt drunk" "dude, you were singing "i just had sex" infront of your girlfriend"
YAY!! So lucky! Have fun! We can't wait for you to visit! Thanks for choosing us!!
Sara Maitland: "...gardeners become active partners in all that silent growth. I do not make it happen, but I share in it happening."
Kyle just fell asleep on me in the middle of playing a video game. Wii remote and nun-chuck still in his hands. Oy vey
Where is my Tango & Cash Lego set?
i think he brought a partially consumed chicken carcass to my backyard the previous eve. all things considered i'd prefer the coins
I wonder what is doing?
lol they definitely do 😊
TONS OF COFFEE!
always and forever :)
happy birthday :)
The managers are having a meeting to discuss ways to make #radiosimmons better!
not secure: too many windows.
in my room. listening to music. singing along with all my heart. lol good times<3
getting ready to have a taro frozen yogurt!!
Agree; "What are the core characteristics of literature as a medium?" seems like the wrong question. Literature is not a medium.
only about 47% of patients bring a friend/relative w/ them to a Dr's appt so they can help ask questions and understand directions
For certain.
Happy Birthday Jason Lande! Suggestions for birthday presents welcome.
Cooking healthy culinary treats today for your table this week! Chicken Marsala, Focaccia Pizza, Ceasar wrap-delicious & nutritious!
I wish you didn
get a job!
It's funny one I was doing this now I'm doing that wtf ;)
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
straight like dat
Great work tonight. See you again this week!
Merry Christmas! Enjoy the holiday music today because you won't be able to hear it for another 8 months or so.
#heresto2013 RT : And there hasn't been a change to our cellar-dwellers:
c'mon. RT : Van Halen asked in their concert contracts- there was M&M's with all of the brown ones removed in their dressing room
good workout with
Foul that bum out
Hi Eboni! Check your inbox...
hmm...I don't know is that's a good trade...haha
so far Top Chef TX kicks ass! Have a good day, smile!
#ff Thx for donating healthy bread for food boxes we are giving away to people in need today!
And The Lady Rockets stomp Cannon County 14 to 5! Great way to start off the season!
Wow I didn't notice my friends gave me a card today love them like family!
we need to catch up soon
Had a great meeting with for possible coverage. Thanks, Jessica!
Yes we got some awesome stuff. Do you need to Cool or Protective??
Co-worker came out w/ cell phone attached to side of head chatting to tell me our boss left for lunch. Leaves still chatting. sigh.
Nothing says post-feminist like ESPN!
I had mizzou losing to Marquette in Sweet 16. Not out of gates. Had tought about them being final gour, but happy now!
TMG is a management/production company. W.myspace.com/teammusictracks
come to centennial and call me.
Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind. ~Buddha
Why can't Reds catchers catch the ball when Bruce throws it home???
About one more hour
yoo that songs dope!
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here? I think I may have sunday off :)
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses
You're a Scorpio?(:
sometime after the holidays and after our new record...deal?
Thanks for the follow.. now following back..
it was
Happy New Year from CPMG! May 2012 bring you & your families happiness and health!
From doing trauma surgery nights, I learn how to better interact with surgeons, but they don't learn how to better interact with me.
Not possible! RT : more than ??
who did you go through? We are looking right now for the right countertops.
Been done before by a public agency as far as I know.
My Teacher Calls Us Children Of The Corn For No Reason (???)
Thanks for the RT!
you can thank our intern for that!
So many levels of unrest in that tweet!
Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success. -- Pablo Picasso
Another CEO tuned into EE engagement: John Brock, CocaCola Enterprises on re: sustainability "it's at the core of employee engagement"
gimme a million ill make you four.
When girls look completely different in their facebook pictures then they do in person you KNOW they're trying way too hard.
Welcome back to NYC!
I haven't seen it yet!!
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!!!!!
And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander "A-Game 88" Miller said so!!!
Prince has had some classic albums that took ur heart and soul in many directions and you never forgot the 1st time you heard it what a exp.
buy I have the cold cold heart of a librarian.
I should move to Texas :)
I would do anything to make you smile(:
- One tool - for one month. use for good not eveil
I heard Telemundo's gonna start re-purposing some old Nickelodeon shows. First up: "Clarissa, You Got Some 'Splainin' to Do!"
Now THAT is funny. :-)
Hangin out in #bumfuck PA. The land that time forgot. I love my mom, but there was a reason I left home.
DSD is killing it in the studio! Can't wait to share with you... #HappyTuesday!
I need my mom!! So sick agh
RT : Let us not forget that we are not mindless handmaidens - we are professionals tasked with caring for our patients!
I tell her meet me in the bathroom!.. Hold up. Better yet my bedroom
And be sure to also follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Someone in my apt. complex filed a complaint that my dog Marley was an aggressive breed. I'm assuming there must be some mix-up.
She might not be Da finest gurl in Da world but After a couple of drank she gone look like beyonce....
Been struggling w/ no appetite. Forcing myself to eat so I don't get sick again. Hard not to fall headlong back into disordered eating, tho.
worse, I keep coming back to the fact that you KNOW she votes... as do they all
your tweets rocks this morning/afternoon lol
home and bored. probably gonna lift weights for like the first time in my life. the only muscle i have is from drumming ha ha
Question from bulletin today: how do we choose to focus on Jesus during Lent?
"I need my hair to be pretty." So sad, no? Not reading spoilers so I hope Kentucky comes back.
omfg tell him to follow me okay bye
I know, seems like a lot doesn't it. Clients usually and some fun.
Good luck with the slots
StubStop brings you event tickets available for sporting and musical events taking place nationwide. For your favorite events: 888-493-0004
Sweet. Cajun by choice
I miss grey's
Well, for the record, I have the DVD you requested sitting on my desk at home for like 3 years collecting dust.
Just high fives a kid playing hookie for coming into the #museum - who doesn't appreciate a little informal learning on a day off?!?!
#MADDENNFL13 Nice new player chatter additions
The Ironbound is a haven for terrible Portuguese "artists"Can you guys at least stop printing books with spelling mistakes in them?
follow back
Thank you.
How do you find out about events and shows? Word of mouth? A flyer? Let us know!
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
May the fourth be with you
The realization that a HV Services in TN will be almost gone is sobering!
Bowling time
Have you checked out yet?
Nah, cause this way allows me to reward longevity and assure that only people who stick around populate the top leagues
Life is a gift, & it offers us the privilege, opportunity, & responsibility to give something back by becoming more (T Robbins) BE DO BECOME
you just retweeted my ex-girlfriend. This world is small.
I'm proud to announce that my blog is the # 1 Google result for "pilates for old ladies"
TABLE+4 CHAIRS $ 295- FREE DELIVERY IN HOME HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you alive?
I'm not home now, I'm going home later, I'll tell you when I'm on my way
I really hate being a girl sometimes
I love having older sisters who take me everywhere & buy me shit ☺
. Hey, we know that guy! What a handsome fella!
Summer A & C start next week for
We found love in a hopeless place <3
The scallop by at and the sorbet by made our in-town guest commit to MK as her favorite restaurant in Chicgo
hey would love to talk to you about Chut Wutty, Prey Lang, et al. Mathieuyoung(at)gmail - please get in touch.
damn, we probably can't this week but we definitely can next week for ya! listen for our interview with X as well :)
Just heard Governor Daniels speak at the Oaks Academy event. A moving tribute to a great school by a great man! Thanks!
haha naw i got what ya meant :)
Suprised to admit it, but there's a strange sense of peace and satisfaction that comes with mowing the lawn on a Sunday.
haha I thought u looked cute in the picture! Haha :)))
I like to think of Ol' Joe's comments as a "happy accident." :)
Stanton: Jefferson seesawed between treating his slaves as people and as property.
This is a social networking site, but I rarely see folks socializing. How 'bout you prove you are an individual and use it differently...
I miss talking to you the way we used. Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me. I miss you.
Great affordable Christmas gifts! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
ok sure! Whenever you're in Nashville let me know!
Go Wh. SOX! DON'T BLOW THIS
Guys.. We get it, Uncharted 3.. Graphics... We don't need 3 talks on the same topic...
in md babe.... idk but i might come back soon :/
Wear Liberty t-shirts will soon be sold in stores in Philadelphia!
Athletic director Gene Smith confirmed AP early Tuesday that the NCAA's committee on infractions would hand down its final sanctions of...
what are you hearing on #Osi? NE or ATL in play?? or done deal w/ SEA?
+ #wordswithfriends = I am pitiful.
Hola mis amigos! How are ya doing? Revving up for trivia hopefully! We're playing this afternoon. You could win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card!
hm, to be honest, i dont really know why i was mad yesterday....
got that shit too
feel beter bro. it was a hard win.we playd like shito the first 3 qs . 4thq idk we step'd it up. OT was tough but we stay
I'm heading over to the nelson to draw. Hit me up if you want to join.
Updating my list of twitter users I'm following. Catching up on a backlog of international news podcasts.
In my experience, acupuncture is the best for treating allergies.
I'm feeling wacky today. Also goofy. But neither zany nor madcap.
Thank you! The love is mutual.
hehehe! You always make me laugh!! Hope you are having a great weekend! :)
ah I love it! Totally going for a ride too. GORGEOUS out. Snap some pics
who are you talking about?
What the fuck is hugo them fuckers are winning everything
LIVE IN DENVER MAY 30TH WITH AND GMB CASHBOIZ
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. If you don't celebrate, just enjoy the day off.
How sweet is this Subaru dog blanket I got free from perks! Thank you! My greyhound is fast asleep under it.
Need a new car, mine is broken.
thanks for the follow. What do you think of ?
This Sunday, 4/8 will be closed!
Why is it when we run into a spider web we suddenly turn into a ninja?!
sure message me your pin and I'll add you
I'm sick of the #Yankees and #RedSox. They shove it down our throats so much I don't even want to see them play. It's old and stale.
There are many things that I would like to say to you, but I don't know how.
no kidding. I knew it was notable when all of the SF natives got up and started talking about it.
I'm going to Lakewood :(
Im Rich & Famous In Jesus Name.......Amen
Cool project! We are hoping to launch a sorta similar project for Jewish teens exploring their culture.
YAY! I'm so excited that you'll be at TBF 2012!!! :)
thanks thanks thanks for the lens.
same but watching phines and ferb
Did you ever have one of those days when you felt like the 2012 #Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
I was thinking the same thing!
Money isn't everything but your nothing without it
Recording The New Tracks June 2nd!
that's why i'm trying to find a car, hah.
ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titticaca...this adventure is killing me
Fantastic, congrats!!
Even if I do still don't make it sexy LOL": nah no drinks for me. I know u got one somewhere....."
Rigorous anti-prostitution laws and policies lead to the imposition of harsh/repressive measures against sex workers & cause HARM than good
Govies dropping some serious social media knowledge: &
