It was A-Rod until he won a ring.
Trying to fill some last slots in February: February 3, 15, 21, 24. If you want to contribute to this great project, let us know!
good look on the follow... Lorain in tha house
but at the same time.. if that's "influential" I WANT IT! hahahaha!!!!
Agreed on both counts! I'm doing it for SURE next year. His shop is in Pennsylvania. #roadtrip !
you were only there for like 12hours lol
Mad skillz. RT : Falk: Endorsed by both Sierra club and one of the largest homebuilder's club.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY EDGAR. I'm pretty sure the only fan that may be a bigger fan than me is either or
Yikes! You're up early today!
Lost all respect for you.
Again, we'd like to thank the #veterans here at home and overseas who dedicate themselves to protecting our country and our freedom
ikr r we friends now
Any reviews on the #nikon d7000? I'm thinking of purchasing one soon. Or any suggestions on another digital slr?
can you give me advice about snowboarding???Im going snowboarding for the 1st time next weekend & I'm nervous! PLEASE REPLY!!!
why? I'm about 2 go from bb to iphone. Problem?
how selfish to accept an inferior education just because our generation already got theirs!
Loved it. THANKS. That guy was such a jerk for calling her out. Chick has balls. Much respect. I love her.
I watched them beat bucknell. I've also seen WWE at stabler
I heffa be wary of you, comrade..
follow back ;)
Sorry to hear that. Hope that's not the case. :(
Overheard: can I get a virgin margarita? Bartender: lemonade okay?
she said she knew the difference between lovers and friends
I know someone who rocked craigslist today, can anyone guess who???
I love watching your videos. I also love seeing how bomb ass your apartment looks. I love the shoe cubbies.
Great seeing old friends and new faces at #finxsm NY Tweetup last night - cheers to for hosting another good FS Tweetup
ha! Things are not good in the tiger camp
Is that blue steel? You got to be careful with that look!
Im ready for today to be over so i can be my #birthday :)
“: For Monday's Global Mgmt class we're going to the MFA to view art. #SweetClass” Very cool, enjoy!
no but that's ok. I'll just have him sign it when I see him again.
Come hang with us official after party Hotel today and tomorrow. Check out the lineup www.champslv.com!
Syrian activists fight Assad regime with spray paint and stencils - FRANCE 24
I don't know how these Asian ladies do pedicures . Watchin her sand this nasty ass chick's feet down while pieces are hittin her face YUK!
thanks so much! Have you come in yet? Let us know if you do!
Headed to soon. Who's with me? Gonna be a beautiful afternoon.
lol so what not allowed too
I get a lot of spam letting me know that people have been talking bad about me :(
Thanks, Danny
okay i see a lot of you motherfuckers not following me.. #cool i will just unfollow your ass!
So excited about the email I just got! Taking steps toward making this real
Ain't in no hurry today
Tip #105: Who is their favorite target(s)? Re-raise them when they are picking on their favorite target.
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly,
blames being cold on his head's tiresome habit of losing up to 30% of his body heat. good job, there, head!
yes, I am kidding. I know who she is.
just move to portland!
Man I hope the #Celtics smash the
Hahaha still don't know what T Camp is
awww thats cute and different... and i live in atlanta... just a state away... lolz
They are ghetto lol
CHECK OUT OUR FRIENDS! ! We LOVE them!
I caught staring at my ass yesterday, it was kinky.
RT : Bringing back stories.
Hard work pays off
Tell me the truth no lies are necessary
"WE GOT THE STREETS SUCKAS'!!!! CAN U' DIG IT????"-CYRUS"THE WARRIORS"
Hang on Japan. Tomoko, I hope you and yours are ok.
Lol oh now I remember ,I feel dumb
": PRO-cess becomes the default way of speaking. strikes again. :). #incommonsaoh" next its the Toke HAARvest
Slimy smiles slink silently by with the slight smell of seemingly soulful solitude.
was good big bruh
Can't beat free! RT I'm playing at Cityblast tonight in Puyallup, Wa 8pm Puyallup Fairgrounds come on out if you can it's free!
They weren't high at all...and it was totally throwing me over. #Don'tGetIt
150,000 have NBA dads RT : Since talks began this morning over 207,000 babies have been born worldwide.
nice #default photo.
LOL! RT : Kid came to the door in plain clothes except page taped to chest: "404 - Costume not found."
I'm DONE!
So incredibly jealous - why is he so much fun to listen to? #swedish?
One of my favorite people in this world - is my dental hygienist. I don't trust anyone else w/ my teeth. She even takes my calls on a Sun :)
what do you think about Intel's move towards becoming more software focused?
Ohh great...there's a "kitten boom"...a surplus of sweet, soft, fuzzy, baby kittens in Seattle.
Breakin' is probably the funniest and best dance movie ever made!! Love it!
what else do u need lol
If I were Manning I'd pick Tenn or SF. At this point...they're simply closer to winning a title than the Broncos are.
we used to be bestfriends, I miss you :(
holiday heart is on!!!
": On this day in 1862: Slavery is abolished in Washington, D.C. #p2history #civilrights"
The debate happened in front of a room full of Arizona Republicans, aka, the Worst People Anywhere.
Spooky. Just came on to compose hidden message, now this to throw me. Will have to rethink everything.
Made a huge mistake last night. Thanks a lot alcohol.
Thanks for the love, Miss Adrienne! Go Big Red!
MT Reading stories is critical for craft. But so is living stories. The whole world is one big crazy-ass tale. Go. Live it.
Have Problems Walking In High Heels? This video will help you!
Are you guys going to be showing the game today or just NFL?
Can't get out of the car at school bc Ava wants to hear Fergie. Ha!
WOW! Let's all give together today! RT : We raised $3.6M during last year's #GiveBIG, and at 12:31pm today we surpassed that!
Stay tuned for the Brohyde mix tape album...
What y'all bitches up to?
Aw, thanks for mentioning us. We'll surely miss you too.....
Loryn received a special award today the her school made especially for her because of her
I just realized my mom is gonna be in a week!!!!!
Awe ya #mobwives ;)
Listen for HOT, NEW music from Blake Shelton in the New Music Spotlight at 8!!
Anyone work for San Mateo County library? Your drupal site is down.
Now 4 all u NON-Union,or otherwise Union hating pple out there..think about this.If it wasn't 4 American Unions there'd b no paid Holidays
Chicago today for Cinco de Mayo
yay for a new profile background!
Tune in right now! dj Spiral presents "DRIFT: 60 Min of Chill". Tune in at www.electrolouis.com!!
aw thank u
I wasn't gonna drink 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish & this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass!
Tragedy Called Truth at Caffe Cottage tonight!
Dinner time a Social House in Las Vegas City Center.
#SmileAustin #CheerUpAustin If you don't tweet a smiley face i'll personally get on a plane to SanAntonio and kick your ass!(:
Made my first GIF today. I feel great about it.
to na settings?
Photo of at #Harvard Law School shows true value of big hair. Amazing.
interesting grape for sure! Happy I tasted some.
#HALLOWEEN WKND - Love@ First Bite on Friday and #HalloweenBall on Saturday where U could win a Trip 2our Casino in
RT : VISUALIZE my CHORIZO in your mouth right now!
you can open the IP over your IGW, so yes!
what is it?
I just had a dinner party. I felt so grown up until I realized I didn't have enough plates or utensils.
im with you 100%!
RT : #txla12 Great session on managing online social reputation. Good tips and sites!
i wish you the best, good luck boo. weezy f, for fuck you.
Watched an old movie last night with my gals #TheMatchmaker. Great line "A man can survive without his wallet, but not without his friends."
We know everyone loves ACE/ACE to start a hand in Poker, but what is your favorite starting #poker hand to play?
kinda irritated but whatever
though not available on dvd the entire series is on netflix
I got candies, orange pop and some poptarts.
Good luck soccer team on your first game tonight!!
Mastery of the unconscious mind is true self mastery.
or UB40 Rock. or Stabbing West Wing. or Diff'rent The Strokes. I see where you're going...
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 15
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY?
so are the Cheyenne! “: "Black-footed ferrets are really charismatic and really cute." #aam2012”
I think I wanna battle in July...
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE
Today's conversation with consists of texting song names back and forth and not actually being productive.
Who has two thumbs and is officially on the 2012-13 cheer squad?! THIS GIRL!
“: Crowd is booing as they show Mayweather's arrival on the big screens. #RingKings #boxing”people watch to see him lose.
How did it go?
I sought to persuade them to join the cause that was just, the one that sought to uphold the laws of our great country.
Gotcha. I should be down there around 6. Hmu when you get down there
Dude. I need a job, not a date. Ugh mixer fail.
What do YOU picture equality to look like?
It's only a matter of time before they're all burned.
MARY CALL THE AMERICAN EMBASSY!!
How about some Power Yoga tomorrow 7:00 Life Yoga on Magazine?
Hey we just broke 1,000 followers! Much luv 2 every1! We're glad 2 see u understand how funny it is we're called "Hipster" Vegas! U get it.
Played on Time Was-Time Is w/ him, his last jazz CD, GRAMMY nom. Old school & soulful RT : Happy B-day Ray Barretto born 4/29.
Going to Amsterdam in 3 wks. Where should I go first?
Jeff hardy isn't in wwe right now............. #areyouseriousbro!
"swag bitch... that's the way it works." Haha
I would but I just got back from county so I'm super tired :/
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
Do you have a link to the event and your website?
How does one go about learning more on SEO practices?
Figured it out! The app seems to prefer if you choose the Advanced Instagram Camera in the settings. Let your users know!
Thanks to for helping us out as goalkeeper. Best of luck to him and his family on the new additions to the family. cc:
Minimal- at least 2x a year. Can do every month. You should try one! RT : how often should you do a cleanse
IN THE STUDIO TODAY.
walking to the pencil sharpener like who cares
A chapstick detector wld be cool but i'd probably lose that too.
Thanks very much! ;)
OD's: Look for creative and effective ways to spend less time gathering data and more time making recommendations to increase $ per patient.
Unfunny! RT“: A Pekingese is the result of the mating of a tufted titmouse and a maggot.”
LMFAO IDK WHETHER TO DRAW THE WINKY EYE OR THE "WORLDS BIGGEST FOREHEAD" ABOVE IT LOLOLOLOL
I've never thought about the investment
loll that Metta interview.
#HISD trustee Juliet Stipheche reads names of GLBT kids across USA who have committed suicide after bullying.
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 7:30 for our community meeting!
Maryland is one of the wealthiest states in the union. Boy, why are our school buildings in Baltimore so run down?
Any grandmas out there that Got a Big Ole BOOTY
LOVE this!
Ron Paul's foreign policy positions are outright naive and dangerous.
Shut up, meg.
who's going to zumba forsure? I'm going no matter what.
Great movie
RT : TONIGHT 10pm #UIC historian Chris Boyer details researching Latin American history on 's
RT: : ** REMINDER** GS is collecting unwrapped toys for the Massachusetts Department of Social Services now through 12.13
Thanks for the follow.......
Please #ColoradoSprings #Volunteer 2Help kids build playground Wildflower Elem.School 5-7pm TONIGHT Meet Staff
Try to reduce your foorprint daily.
Chris paul is officially in l.a. but it aint the lakers...
thank you for the calendar and kind note (am working on something exciting for 2011)! Best wishes for a Happy New Year!
Just got a container in full of TORC goodies :)
a mess. Bye Plaguelin
Horizon? I hardly know such a thing exists.
Picking out shoes should not be the hardest part of the day. But it is
Brandon Inge doing work walk off home run style. Way to go Tigers!
We're delighted to announce that we were voted #1 in our market for 's Best of #Weddings 2012! Thank you #SanAntonio!
You're amazing. Just the way you are ♥
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone automatically assumes you're a hater because you don't like something.
:) love my daddy <3 RT : When dad says he supports me in his cute English &gt;&gt;&gt; :)
I think I know bball pretty well. Kenny just said the Nuggets will be a 4 or 5 seed next year...
80 on Thursday equals a sweaty run and prime tanning!
Finals week always seems to take its toll on my poor highlighters. :/
Watching the #videomusicawards !
you want to shift the gun thefts from cars to backpacks in the student rec center and library? Great.
Puttin in work at LA
Harvard Study: Want to live longer? Trade red meat for fish, nuts, whole grains, and other healthier protein sources, #charity,
Smooching ass hoes, get your own shit & stay out of mine , thanks :)
Griffin and DeAndre are the only players that the #Clippers drafted on the roster. That's unbelievable. You better believe they want this.
NOEL HUGE BLOCK
If I had a dollar for every person I cared about... I would be a poor man.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. Unknown
P.S. They are ridiculous.
i absolutely LOVE it when people you've never met hate you
That is my new rapper name.
You'll have to meet my dad-in-law. Big fan. Rattled walls at Goolsby's one time with screams of "Tennessee!!"
RT : That's a winner! 'Topes hold on for a 7-6 win over OKC. ABQ has now won four in a row and six straight at The Lab!
Thanks, Jeremy. I talked to Justin. They closed the roof. Your house probably had a pretty good shower. Any hail?
Bank roll, bank roll!
They playing all of videos on Vh1soul
Tim Cahill just seems out of his depth. Lots of positions and no policies. Tim Cuthill more like... The politics of pure cynicism!
What's good Julie??
Right back at you!
SO SO SO GOOD. both episodes.
awesome x
i dunno! you said send a picture to you that i want fer my background . just look sumthing up and show me on fb
does the 34 even exist? WTF is going on?
I try very hard to ignore those people. Life is too short! Its hard but I try. Hope you can too & remember many love your work
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent. Most talents are, to some extent, a gift.
Ayye message me....:(
re: Facebook, yeah, most apps now require the ability to all post interactions to your wall. It's all or nothing.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell1
he is a very under rated player!
i actually like a couple songs from bmth. but eh
T-shirt weather!
Why are people so selfish? Want others to feel their pain or want others to have less than them...
that says more then you saying anything lol
Some things are easy to say, hard to do and even harder to realize.
The shitty moment when your blanket gets all turned around, and you can't seem to get it back the right way!
Dined at Bailey's Park Lane in Dallas last night...fabulous!
Would love to chat with you tonight at UXHappyHour about your experience mentoring at
Wow, looks like Greg Gumble ate Greg Gumble.
I'm so sorry I dragged you into this hun but dont worry you'll be out of it soon, i prmoise idc what i have to do ily ok?
Learning great campaign best practice strategies at the United Way of NC's award ceremony in Pinehurst!
ice cream
Get the LED out.
you cant change a hoe into a house wife, unless you let her WORK at home >_____<
Today’s African Proverb (5.12.12) You do not become a chief simply by sitting on a big stool. (Ghana) Like Unlike
URE OBVIOUSLY R HIGH.....": KOBE locked LEBRON up ... is not and never will be CLUTCH #AllStar"
so how are you?
I guess I wont
You can take what is left but the truth is that your love leaves me defenseless.
I Fucking Hate My Teeth
It's a secret! Muahaha. How are you?!
The Cubs fan in you wants to overpay for Humber when he's ready to retire?
I'm guessing Houston. Can't see the Bears claiming McNabb if they didn't Orton, but I've been wrong before. Ahem.
who wants me to follow back? #RT this && i'll follooww you ? :)
Morning tweets! Getting my studying done early!
OMG almost gave me a heart attack about #rachelcrow. And needs an attitude adjustment. What a punk.
For those complaining about Fox News' coverage of Obama's same-sex marriage stance... why are you paying attention to Fox News?
JUNE: Now Booking HMU if interested....
hop you enjoyed it! :)
my fav is "ship with holes will sink"
don't say you miss someone when you're the reason y'all stopped talking.
President Obama *didn't* send just 30,000 troops. He *tripled* the number of troops through several escalations.
If #chill doesn't trend , i ain't gonna be #chill .
Photoshop Tip: To 'flip' an item vertically or horizontally quickly while transforming, right-click the object while in transform mode.
... can u measure the health of our democracy/economy when so much of each is based on lies, manipulation & absent of any value creation?
History of economics lecture = 3 iced green teas
Walk early: If you save your walking until the end of the day, the pressure to get those steps can become a stressful hassle
So much to do!
raise your glass by Pimk
RT #Retweet if you LOVE music!
Got our track shoes on with multiple projects right now! Feels so good!
im pissed my last tweet was in all caps.. that shits annoyin
Tackling is fundamental. #Eagles woes continue. TD
Champagne wishes and caviar dreams
hey Mo you got a US phone number?
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE
Lunch or coffee Jan 7? Alternate times/dates more than welcome; Just working on getting something out there. ( :
Apologies delayed on the Late night happy hour Crazy here. $3.50 skyy O bombs, $5 Tall Absolut cocktails & $5 grape n stoli o lemonade tall
Oh, please, Lord, let Kim Kardashian bring Kanye to the WHCD!!!
Thank God. Think Marquez is bad? “: Gatusso and Inzaghi leave X. Thank god #Crew96 are out of international roster spots.”
#IfItWasUpToMe i would allow smoking weed in the club im really why the fuk not???
That was the 10th no hitter in Angels history. Awesome.
come to me or I will throw this shoe at you!
"i want to see the bright lights tonight"
Saw an email of yours that was forwarded to an listserv, we'd love to see that Silicon Valley power graphic!
Just finished post on awesome photos from Party Animals/3rd Eye Blind event...now on to the headshots!
Tupac Back? And in hologram form?
We're starting to set up for our sale! Lots of boxes full of great stuff. The sale will be from Thursday (1/12) until Monday (1/16)!
Cee-lo's cat kills me :-D
Thanks for the re-tweet
Spa dayy . Ahh I cant wait for this rub down
Oh yeah, how bout dem SAINTS!!!!!!!! Nice to see Brees, Colston and dem boys gettin it done! I'll drink an Abita to dat win!
Morning run, then Atown!
I told my Mom today that by next Mother's Day, she will be Unemployed. Bcuz Im going to retire her from her job.
That would be fantastic
We've got Florida facing off with Jersey at 7, and Nashville and Detroit at 7:30. Which game do you want the sound on ?
This lottery craze is blowing my mind. Just went to get gas and people are coming here in droves
Dear everyone, please do not cover Curtis Mayfield songs. It is boring and painful.
Go Hawks!
I'm curious what's the breaking news? RT : At press breakfast with The Body Shop (@ Tribeca Grand Hotel)
COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS.....completely natural
I love being awake before dawn.
lol I ain't mad they look good.
Black show for tonight Episodes 10 & 12 of Season 1 of "The Cosby Show"
They should tread lightly. They are very close to smashing final cut to little broken apple bits, and NOW is the time to killit
I think it goes for any airport... People watching is amazing
I think this might be fun? I heard a cover of Waiting Room they played live and it was hilarious. Flea was into that bass line!
I KEEP GETTING DISTRACTED!!!! D:
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
Every kiss begins with rape.
HAPPY 11TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LITTLE BROTHER <333
fastest 10k I have ever run and at el-a-vation #WiskeyRowPrescott I just finished a 6.44 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I've never been hurt this bad..ever. I'm done with living...
Museum of Printing in Houston has 1,200 letterpress typefaces. Cool!
anytime babe 😘
Someone make Mat Musto, Tyler Carter, and Artist Vs Poet tour together before I explode!
Ask us stuff!!
RT : "Eating without wine on the table is not eating completely." - Lidia Bastianich <------ So true!
UFC 145 End of Round 2 - That was clearly Jones' round. One kick/elbow by Jones can change the tone of the fight
I can't get sick on my birthday weekend!
I said the same thing! Adam was pressured w time when the fans were demanding a single. He released a song that was most like WWFM
Halloween madness!
Just heard my sisters music program is getting partially cut next year. Not cool.
if I could I would marry you because I love you! ♥
some shit like American Actor; Comedian and it had a picture of him
pressure the govt? If you try to send rockets my way - I will kill you myself-Stop terrorism then we sit down &talk-I bringcoffee.
I gave up liquor for the last week and find that I'm superhuman-ly alert and vascular. Not sure I like what this means:
Just seeing if you were still in Joplin.
You guys, I have grey, leopard-print skinny jeans perfect for #trampytuesday!
after today, I have 12 days of school left! #Horray!
Just paid $2.10 of tolls in pennies.
"relevancy drives revenue" - love it!
FRENCH 1020?!?! jealous... just make sure you come back so we can go to boring, old american grad student-y 1020
CJ should have kept the ball to shoot the freethrows nbs...
Seven new members were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. www.coachescorner.com
writers block at the very end of the song. typical.
“We’re Sorry This Call Cannot Be Completed As Dialed”…First “Answer” Received By Alexander Graham Bell. (1876)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Man, you sound like somebody I know
My mouth of melting.
see ya in a few!!
is concerned that no matter how well he explains an accrual, some people will never understand!
That piece made me want to go back and turn every page of Power Broker - so interesting
I do not want to dieuntil I have faithfully made the most of my talent and cultivated the see that was placed in me until the la
I know the problem. Really enjoying the book though. :) So many books, so little time.
Its still Celtics on mine we will sweep these # bums
Don't fall in love...she's a beauty. Love 80s on 8.
Our Features:
WILL I EVER GET A FOLLOW FROM WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
who's up for Country night @ Mad Dog Saloon ?! We are ! Tuesday Night ! 8-12
Had a nice convo. Not many times I can do this and enjoy it.
Lmao... That's like a guy w a 3inch dick talmbout "yea baby u know I got that footlong!"
i don't have time to wait till Friday for Friday.
Ok tell me why when i always get on twitter all i do is read and laugh at tweets #IAmSadSadStory &
Fortier getting credit for that one
MONEY ON MY MIND... LET ME SPEND MY THOUGHTS ON U! #$$$
Anyone wanna invite me to google+
Tinkerers need space to access resources, create, and connect to community of peers/mentors. Opp for libraries a la YOUmedia?
You have a new business you want to get started. We get it. We can help you share your ideas with the world. Let's just talk about it.
pussay gets wet like the ocean in which people surf. Therefore, I am the God of rap.
All the Benjamins you let me count wealth and health for my family, and lettin' me ball on these niggas.
this game Doodle Jump is pissin' me off.
So far so good.. its a lil sloppy on both ends
singing my jam!!
absolutely. I just stood in an elevator. Fully geared.
My brudda is finally home ❤❤❤❤❤ ehh
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. ~Leo Aikman
If you like an item, don’t wait to buy it because it may not be there next time.
Lakers are d.o.a. if the former Mamba is their star player. D12 seems like the one cat who might like that dope Mike Brown
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.~ James Beard
I got nothing.
I missed Austin's ustream! :(
. - what the hell happened to Chandler Bing???
hahahaha.... somewhere, siever is seething with anger over the bad weather report... :)
may 28 ill be there
Don't forget the Toy Drive at Miller Chev in Rogers tomorrow! 10a to noon! Toys go to Mary's Kids at Sharing and Caring Hands.
Who is out in #Vegas tonight!?
We will see, I definitely am not worried about Walls defense however.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. -Les Brown
any chance you were invited to both?
Haven't been able to stop listening to #DirtyWork It's AMAZING!
Agree, APIs tend to serve a broader set of use cases whereas SaaS apps tend to be focused on a more specific problem/solution.
yeahh(: ahah did u see the WMYB parody from the key of awesome?
Put the phone down. Go for a run.
About to attend orientation for my major!! So excited!
Contrasting textures, in dark neutrals and muted jewel tones, define Rebecca Taylor's effortlessly cool fall '12 collection.
BRO. I'm down. YEA BUDDY.
all I have now is a heart full of words left unspoken
of course we think you are beautiful too.
Oh okay, I guess (?) I'm glad to hear that?! Anyhoo, miss you like crazy. Merry Xmas baby girl, hope to see you more in 2012xo
"The Alustra Collection" by Hunter Douglas,,,Just Beautiful!!!
such a great fucking song, man.
R.I.P. Mike Montgomery
Day off today. Accomplished so far: breakfast, laundry, opening a box.
For every five seconds I dont have flapjacks, i shall break one window
Which theory states that people learn how to commit crime at various stages in their life?
HAHA!!!! I have conquered the six panel closet door...again. Bring it you heavy ass wood freaking door. BRING IT!!!
Swore fingers >>>bubble wrap.
thank you for taking such good care of us!
I only know this because my teammates are now the coaches....
I am too! I'm standing at the c hall stairs by the gym ! Come!
My family just tried to clean the kitchen with our magical powers... Why am I not a #wizard ?
You're welcome. :)
The last US troops have left Iraq. Here's to the heroes' safe journeys home to their loved ones, their countries, and their biggest fans.
Woah, haven't been on here in forever.
If you are nauseous, you make others sick. If you are nauseated, you are sick. Simple. Do neither.
Stage Reading this MONDAY @ Aljira 591 Broad St. #Newark NJ (Director)
yea for sure.. thats whack. i'm sorry that sucks!! I think youll do fine tho
You said it girl RT : Advice for life: Let's not be the girls who wait in the wings because we are actually spotlight women.
Seeking Area Supervisor in Niles,IL. Goto rossstores.com
Not bad for an NBA-less town! ;)
Thanks for following ~ looking forward to following you too! Have a great day! Cindy K
Sad News RT : Saddened to hear of the passing of formre Boiler Bill "Moose" Skowron. He was a 6-t MLB All-Star & 5-t WS Champ
If anyone has trouble finding the key to my heart, I keep an extra set under the stones in my kidney.
Nun at the park..wat u up to?
Believe Marek is right but seem to remember NYR wearing regular road blues and Lady Liberty back in '97
Bye bye, Miss American Pie.
Surely what all that means is that I need to go to bed. So perhaps I'll do that.
We're celebrating #TravelTuesday with the perfect picnic:
What i think of my grades: F=no biggie D=ehh C=good B=awesome A=i am amazing!...
I work, but start at 11. Hopefully I'll be off in time to party!
What a night Cowboy win, and now I'm pretty sure I just felt an earthquake!
Lil wayne taught me that if you're drowning in the pussy you can just swim to the butt ..
it's very old fashion, fun & cheeky!
I blame post-modernism for giving license to and applauding esoteric language, MFA factories, and non-aesthetics
$5 for one, $8 for two! And maybe like $1 for shipping? Want some? :)
I havent done my nails in almost two weeks. This is a record
yea me n Jake have a secret cuddle place.He meets me there when ur sleeping
Yes are u?:) I miss all my friends:/
I go to superintendents in each school system and get permission to go to each school in the system. many schools
The mid-afternoon bird would get the worm if not for the fact that it's nest is made from bits of memory foam.
Amazed at lack of planning trains putting 2 coach train on route with reduced service due to engineering. #fail #rammed !
I'm going to have to come up with a new question. Our two winners can't come this Sat. So be on the look out for a chance to win!
Good catch! Updated the page, also updated it to 5 million downloads, and added our new RecipeScan feature.
congrats on your award :) you're lucky to have such dedicated angels ;)
Follow us on twitter
Where should I stay in San Francisco? says that you can give me a free room. :)
yeah, worst episode this season.
Can't wait for Caps Game 5 at Verizon on Saturday night...um....wait a mintue.
S/O 2 All My New Followers New Music Coming Soon :)
I guess that list of places I'd most like to live in the Midwest is Michigan, distantly followed by Cleve, twin cities, and maybe Wisconsin
the upside, however, is. twitter is stream of consciousness...group consciousness. Useful when balanced.
It pisses me off when people tell me they go through their boyfriends phone, one you have no trust, two you are a bitch, three you're dumb.
Come watch the Sounders away match on Saturday at 5:30pm and enjoy a cold Redhook No Equal Amber Lager the official beer of the ECS.
i totally agree w. yuh!(;
OH wow. I didn't even know Yelp was making tweets on my behalf.
Jeez Mariners.
I might be able to fit in my scarf and mini umbrella, but probably not much more.
...It wastes both our time
Alas in an exploratory--as I'm one to dislike "been there, done that" vibe anyhow--phase of life that doesn't fit 140 characters too neatly.
One of the best ways to develop a strong sense of inner peace is to take the time to discover your deepest personal values and passions....
preach. i'm so over him
The lack of oversight in this multi-billion $ industry is frightening. is trying to change this.
Finally a video project ! This will be fun ;D
#NUMBERGAMEEEE! Must following & tweet me your number +
Holy fuck shit... BAD GIRLS CLUB REUNION PART 1 ON RIGHT NOW! LET'S GET THIS SHIT FUCKING CRACKING!
Dam I wasnt even talking about Them. But thats fuked up to know someone actually took they phone smh
and this is one of the many reasons why I love ya xx :)))
You can aspire to be what you are not, but quit pretending to be what you are not.
What address do you want us to send you drawstring bag to?
. When do the "Simply Seager." or "Leave it to Seager" shirts come in?
true haha. Hopefully people like my suggestion more.
So I wish would follow me... its kindaa impossible buut he's on a following spree((:
M... Hungry for steak tonight? Visit George's!
i hope we strike in leg #2 :) Good luck skeeter. Cheers to a great weekend and a hot start to the weeks bets with
pratice make perfect perfect make paper
forgot to tell you I heard it and it sounds dope.
another merit badge night at scouts: kids running their mouths, not getting enough done.
Just tapped Great Divide Nomad Pilsner.
T-2 hours until #Easter!
I'm so glad I don't have to hear gary all day
I'm on that work flow
wat do u mean by snappy
- Thanks for the Tips
Just so bored with out watching movies :)
Josh Hamilton came out tonight like he`s on dope.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously rolling up the weed the best
At&t - FAIL yesterday. Lost in Carteret, NJ. No signal for gMaps. My colleague on VZW the WHOLE time. It's the NJ TP, not Route 66!
sorry cindy. I call em as I see em, but you by far are the prettiest weather lady on the air.
hey everyone! how has ur day been going? anyone have a song idea?
Wish me luck
where is Attila fighting tonight? THanks!
My mother loved the edible arrangements and them heels.
The awkward moment on class when you sneeze and nobody says god bless you.
Big thanks to Michael Bills for kicking off #OSUResearchDay (Guess it should be Days). More posts/pictures/videos to come tomorrow.
I didn't get any chocolate :( what the
Happiness is the catalyst for you to get what you want.
Now I have a machine gun. HO HO HO.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO
were going holcombe hill tomorrow too for jam butties and a chill :) so u can come with us then x
I believe so, as well... Here's to hoping we're right! Do you like Romeo as HC? If not, who?
or register a new card using the *exact* same account info, follow instructions to combine accounts.
A cold beer and a burrito sounds damn good right about now.
ha ha when i was in so cal i felt like casper compared to everyone. n more of a freak with the sunglasses n hat!
Today's lesson: It does not matter who you are, there is ALWAYS a line you cannot cross.
I'm excited to bring my nephew to your concert tonight! He's super pumped!
O.O
I drive off straight desire pushing through obstacles for what I want. How bout you?
Caps/Rangers game 3 action is incredible. NHL playoffs are the shit.
RT Trailer: Something From Nothing: /Looks good to see someone like Ice speaking to these cats. "lethal weapon"
Thank you! I thank the conductor who let me shoot photos out the the train's rear window. Book coming out soon—want to get involved?
Y yo que?
RT : I'm struggling to see how people could be "over" a war criminal.
it is so funny
Refs hurting us more
I think Andrew Luck 2012 and Bill Polian 2011 have the same odds of joining Twitter.
Like our page? Share us with your friends! We always want to spread the word as far as we can about Florida KidCare health insurance!
still have never been to the house of waffles :(
hell yea!! Go Bears & RG3!!
Check out a very cool dude as well
: RT Phase two is complete. Brunette power - welcome in our club!
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER <3
don't you just love my tweets about shoes? I am so deep! Deep in my wallet that is!!!
Are we ready for a great discussion about instructional design?
I'm blessed that I can afford it but still!
Here's to stay hydrated & safe personal best time & a tan 90degree day.
who's ready for this laker game tonight?
it's been 2 hours and ihavent done my homework ha (:
this is true. Its a good century to be in haha.
thats pretty awesome lol i cnt get on a cpu who are the ones u saw followin me?:)
A very Good meeting with my producer.
If u got a question 9 times outta 10 I got an answer
I just want you to know who I am.
that's my shitt!!!!
“#Shoutout To All The Women Who Honestly Dont Give A Fuck What Irrelevant Ass People Say About Them, Do You Let Them Talk, #LiveFree”
im good, i just ordered some sarpinos!! wbu
makes me the happiest of the boys.
ALL FOOD IS "SCRATCH MADE" AT SOME POINT. I hate Fieri.
Mall later:D gonna be rockin my Vlados!
er patio. Ain't special
OMG he unreal bro he super raw
Aw it would be so adorable if selena tweets just saying happy birthday an says baby
did you reply to a different tweet? Not sure how analysts relate to our mobile meetup this evening?
I wanna specify about last 2 days of tweet wars: I don't think all "conservatives" act like that. Any label can be co-opted for foolishness.
YOURE SO PRETTY, OMG TRADE FACES WITH ME.OMFG
Smart people know everything. Wise people know everyone.
Just added celebrity Mia St. John former lightweight boxing champion and playboy model will be signing autographs Friday and Saturday
that's my bottom 2 too RT : either Holly or Joshua is going home..
...with #swing rhythms of the blues that melody our day. © dmp
Have to feel bad for Steve Blake, #Blazers are a mess
... which is to say that there ARE industries still in the dark ages, but a tiny nose piercing for a college interview is FINE.
can you be more transparent? Is season 1 & 7 of Star Trek: TNG gone for ever or only a short while?
everything about that scene was awesome: Sherlock/Mycroft, Capt. John Watson, Asian dude, & timing till they get caught…BRILLS
I just saw #trackpalsforlife and thought of you and now I'm sad. And mad. And sad...
It's going to be a big week for #ATLTB11 8 catches for 139 yards and 2 TDs! Count it!
Just saw a guy fall out a window on chestnut and hang by his neck for a film shoot.
If you do not get teary eyed watching Posada's retirement you arent a true #yankees fan. I already miss number 20!
Madison's <3333
The gospel means much more than the personal salvation of individuals.It means a social revolution.
miss u too babe! Happy hour this week???? :-)
oh. That's on the northern end of the community. Is that still considered SW or West?
Need a reboot...took a stroll in Balboa park. Beautiful day
Wild rumpus goes silent. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for setting many dreams free.
Looking forward to hearing about OSCI @ Mus Div session in Toronto. I'll say hello!
Lol then ill die of hypothermia RT : haha. Take a cold bath!
MWIP trying to test .01s again...
Waking up ass early on a Saturday to go to the clowning, while sick. Another day, I suppose.
So, i learned tonight, even know im a Old pimp... i still got it...lol,
Imprompu Suns game with :) so happy to be in AZ!!
MARC 517 pax all transferred to Amtrak 151, not moving yet
Had a great vacation in Canada. Vancouver is certainly gearing up for the Olympics. It is going to be great. Happy Holidays everyone!
Childhood - this is a happy time, when running to the toilet at night and feel glad that you did not eat
Yeah...I dig that our fire trucks say 'East End.' :)
ay shauty, will you go to da bauder senior fashion show wit me
Gods blessing is recession proof.
Seriously, it's like Pandora reads my mind.
its going well! I'm nervous and excited at the same time! I'm in crunch time!
I'm more in danger of dying in a car dancing-related accident than nearly anything else.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Do I look fat in this dress? I'll never know!
hope u get better
Oh right. BTW, I didn't know the royal family had managers but it makes sense. Can you introduce me to Kate?
Some #journalists did some serious traveling to get here, some from overseas. I thought the Fisher students busride from Rochester was bad.
Transcribing in the library today and it's much more quiet than normal. Bliss!
I finished the 5K Dragon Dash this morning in 33.44. Not bad for a lady who had a baby 10 weeks ago. Nice having cheerleaders on my route.
i cant get "hey there Delilah" out of my freaking head... what the actual fuck.
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day!
Wow!! Everyone needs to go see the movie "The Help"!!!!! Amazing!!!!!
Coach Epps is dropping some knowledge over here
Bleh...School today and concert tonight:/
So why support these fuckers when they can give a rat fuck about you? Yet we still fill there pockets
Omg, your fucking avi. Can I just have you already!?!?!
Ryan Perry could do that too.
I got sides in my rides and the motion for ya ocean / Coolio got the potion to get the party open --Coolio
En route to an epic dance party with Girl Talk!!
I've got so much love to give
Gives me reason to watch SA gms. RT : If the Clippers advance, the Chris Paul-Tony Parker match-up is going to be incredible.
A Polish dentist removed all her ex-’s teeth when he came in for tooth pain. He’s lucky she wasn’t a doctor & he was in for a vasectomy
#nowplaying He Won't Go, Adele
Success relies on getting excellent at saying no without feeling guilty.
RT : Kids under 19 no longer denied coverage for pre-ex condition – thanks health care law!
Let's wait until he sees docs in NY before we start shipping his locker to Cooperstown #u know what they say about "assume"
Takes one to know one.
Whenever I get into Twitter trouble, I refer to He handles things with humor & a brief.
Omg...need a weekend to recover from the weekend!
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
Happy Birthday!!!!
'Tween - well do the math - just getting them pointed in same direction is a victory
RT : singing as an a act of theory!
nope it's weird...lol.
Download the NEW DamnGurl app! And just like last time, it's also FREE :)
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new - Henry David Thoreau
Taking a break from #editing. Hope all my tweeps had a good weekend.
I'm about to give away a lot of these clothes that I barely wear. Someone else could use it. I wish I knew someone who really needs them.
that's a fascinating article on American football and a great job articulating a thought that's definitely going around.
Sushi, com !
People at school make fun of me because I love But I will be a #Mahomie4Life :) #DedicatedFan <33 Love you Austin!!
How deep is your love...
aftermath: so much overload of awesome that i really don't want to leave the hill today. Or bed.
What's the most efficient way of shipping shoes??
Would like to thank Carma for getting him back to Baltimore from San Jose (Carma = Southwest employee, not the cosmic force)
As a dancer Kaiser Wilhelm II is not a success. He is stiff as a ramrod. He whirls with great rapidity, causing broken shins & torn costumes
#InSchoolTheresAlways one stupid student in the class who reminds the teacher that we had homework and #iReallyHateWhenPeople say that
I love how GOP accuses Obama of being anti business when he never speaks against business. He just leaves the blanks for them to fill in.
Thierry Hendry a NY Red Bull and more to come?
guys you should lisent to abigail by motionless in white is amazing!!!
This mentor a freshamn appl. asks for your GPA, man i bet its pretty low...
So did you win tickets?
Yes where mine ends up :)
hey anyone know if you can sell feces sculptures on etsy? (im asking for a friend.)
we be tryin! you gonna help!? ;)
ite. You aint got no females who drive
I totally agree, Paola.
"Hashtags are metadata for your tweets." Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
's brother is coming home!!
“: the CheekyYinzer on cask is hands down one of the top 10-15 beers I've ever had#PCBW”
So tired. Late for work. Probably still gonna stop at ChickFilA.
I didn't know was a rapper!? Pretty sweet music!
Some pretty neat stuff, especially photos on metal.
happy mothers day and happy almost newbaby to you!!
yes! You'll love it!
One hour from the first pitch of opening day!
Joe said months ago that RReagon won reelection W/unemployment @ 7% maybe Obama can lower 8.3% to 7.7%
Omg me and have the same birthday. Happy birthday Ms. Luckett!
Chicken wings and fish fillets
Jake. I will miss you. You were always there for me. Through ups and downs and now your gone. I love you forever and always.
Thanks for the RT Hope to see you tonight!
I'm saying fuck it, get the Benz. I only live once
Twitter sure has some adorable people out here;)
Getting in superman shape.
Great night
yeahh i pretty much died when i first saw it.
Tonight! : Rammstein and : Pouch w/Antique Scream
All this hate...Lakers fans, Heat fans, Celtic fans, OKC fans....can't we all just get along??....well no, just thought i'd ask lol
Going to the Crossing. Join us. With KC, Laura, and Jac.
Getting the side kick 4! ;D
I just got this mention .. I dont act like I'm the only one who goes thru it, but idc about anyone else honestly. Its school.
Yeah most definitely RT “: thats why cali is better :-)”
GOOD MORNING XX
hahahahahahahaha I laugh whenever I think about that now! Im just a cobra at heart...
The biggest challenge in writing is __________
if I see one more fucking shoe on my newsfeed -__-
Hopefully your insurance company is better than mine was. I got nothing.
Mchara mc kay"one life" is a awesome song that is smooth with groove..
SWOP also has tickets available to the SexCon for $25 each...portion of proceeds benefit us! Email for details.
I'm impressed by the new GM so far.
We doin it big Baltimore!
John Paul DeJoria is the co-founder of Patron & JP Mitchell Co.My facial recognition skills are better than I thought.
Looking forward to sampling some of that homegrown honey at #JingleMingle for CASA thanks to Luscious Laurent Honey!
IT'S ALWAYS THE VERY FORTUNATE PEOPLE THAT TEND TO COMPLAIN THE MOST!!!
Thanks, Gary, so very much. Tweeted your page:-))
LOVE it. Huskies couldn't ever use that plate frame tho... They WERE actually win-less just a few years ago. Ha.
cool i gota muffin
According J.J. Cooper of Baseball America, Wil Myers could see a call-up to Triple-A sometime soon.
miami gone mess around and loose this game
You guys have to check out this guy he makes the best art ever
The tigers suck again... F
Thank you Phoenix
Sure, but still dumb for him to try to justify it, no? Keep the unspoken traditions unspoken.
Just got some amazing raspberry Lion Heart Kombucha for another fun beverage for the First Light Trunk Show with
The Horns lead 24-16 after 3. One quarter to go in this rivalry before atm runs away.
Nice scoop at first by whatshisface.
You're so lucky that you got to meet him!;D I'm so jello'! like im not even kidding! o;
loves the chi
zines or magazines?
Somethings will never change...
Aw thanks! <3
herd that was just your appetizer
Thanks for following
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have. - Play Alganon
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
idk if he gots feelings either but im prob chillan wit him today which would be cool
DS: Even though we lost, I'm still rocking the Fu Man Chu for a few days in support of Joe Flacco. My dude played his fucking ass off!
thats a good friend right there ! 👌
I've gotten use to there being no #Austream's EVERY Friday... But it makes me sad cause I dont know if there ever will be another normal one
If your girl thinks a pay phone is. Pay as you go cell phone she's too young for you
Just saw Art of Video Games at ; any exhibit that brings visitors together should be considered successful. Well done!
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.
About to see The Avengers! Sneaked in margaritas!
All Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon participants get a quality Adidas tech shirt. They are gender specific.
Jay reatard doc at the roxie RIGHT NOW!
dat nigga GB really garbage. Lol. He is the LUCKIEST person ever though
Great choice, Angie!
I WANT A NEW PHONE. 
do not let my fiancé see this...seriously.
Thanks. I will have some artists soon. I'm doing a biweekly video on 30 artists under 30. Please send people to me if possible
he sells trades as well
Just woke up in OK this place is to peaceful
La Guerta still sucks.
I must have missed the Big Campaign promoting the name "Seth" but all of a sudden it's more common than "John."
False. RT I tell my boyfriend I'd never kill him because I don't have the stomach to chop up & dispose of the body.
so excited for the fashion show tonight!! :) thanks again for organizing everything Kaley!
ur are incredible! dont mind what Haters say, theres less of them and more of us, we ♥ u Danielle, ur Beautiful and Flawless
jeesh the things i do for you.. haha makin the crip get up to get her phone charger!
. . Let's move forward not backward.
You own a whole town?
...amazing ski weekend , back to work. Sigh.
Blueberry pancakes from hell
U can't fix stupid ( I want 2 like Mitt but he is so F***ing stupid)
What a great Google logo today. And you can actually play it! Happy 30th birthday, pacman!
Good fight.
Look who is playing Mrs Bates!
I saw you at Secret Headquarters today, but was too cool/respectful/much of a pussy to say "Hello." So, DC guy or Marvel guy?
Anyone have any suggestions for iPad apps that allow you to view, edit, etc. Google Docs?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Just finished an hour long core workout that I know is going to haunt me tomorrow;-) Hoping to improve my paddling this year.
You've made a very good choice. Hahahahaha!
awh thanks girl!(:
It may not be interesting basketball, but it's still basketball.
+1 RT #GoMobile "You do not have to have a mobile-optimized site to advertise in mobile. Use mobile landing page. Brilliant.
Anyone use Twitter with middle school students? Looking for lessons, activities, ideas to introduce to 7th & 8th gr students.
Glamour and fashion #photoshoot this weekend. Can't wait for Sunday
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows,In every rill a sweet instruction flows.Edward Young
Rabaul, Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago
I feel like we should have badges or something : )
Negative, Sergeant.
3 finals down, 2 to go and then I'm DONE forever!
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia! In Philly meeting with and the exploring Philadelphia Art Museum.
The Giants schedule leaked...will they still sell tickets?
Pair programming with on Travis CI () via skype - not a bad way to spend a Saturday
We'd like to hear your answers. Are you brave enough to go on camera?
How about you let a group of students put a SM policy together?
This is the longest short week EVER.
R.I.P Miss Whitney Houston...
Happy Mom's Day! RT : For Mother's Day, win 5 Kindle downloads of BLOODED! Email:
Hey , your Lemon Squeeze yogurt is rockin' my world!
Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse 'I love you'. Never let your prayin' knees get lazy, and love like crazy.
This week at the #Grammys, next week San Antonio, Texas. So excited to see at the rodeo!
Dad: You're a dork! *laughs and walks away* Me: I guess I'm a whale's penis :l
It's called spamming me in my inbox.
I love sun too, but don't mind a nice cool day once in a while. Those who want 80-90 & sun every day should live in AZ or CA.
poor real estate investment to begin with especially if you know you might be in the mood to throw stones someday.
okay, same here. i think 12-8 saturday
looks like you got your tickets congrats!
just when you have it, you don't
forgot fun it is to chill with and
One class tomorrow! so excited to be finish!!
S/O to everyone who wished me a happy bday! Thanks! :)
Is it weird that I'm kind of looking forward to the traffic? That's the charm, right?
Two more days until I'm a permanent New Yorker. Excited to build memories with
yeah bro i have to, the whole team should be there
i feel like i havent tweeted in foreeevvverrrr.
hi how are you
Chillin with Shaun White and Tony Hawk in BH. It's times like this I wish I could have at least SOME skating skills.
I'm in PHX!
'Twas a crime of opportunity. That yellow-eyed Booth took advantage of dereliction of duty by Mr. Lincoln's guard that evening.
lol I don't know him but based on your tweet he's a hit
Thanks for the RTs Easy Rider!
Why can't you just do this one thing for me.
I will never stop being a student it is way to fun!
Music is love in search of a word. ~Sidney Lanier
i love a bright neon pedi at the start of "summer"
Thanks for a great night Great food, great beer, great location.
I'm pretty sure I might know who this is about..
as a guy who calls up advertisers of programs he doesnt like to complain. I remember him doing that to shows I liked
hahah just had to show ya(:
Always. It is what it is what a tough draw to come back to for him. Ugh. One-match-at-a-time is the mantra.
“: When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!” Enough said.
Former Divas Champions Collide
spent it at home alone. Studying for AP tests. Saw my mom for maybe an hour or two lol. How was yours?
I have next week and the 1st week of June open for choreography. Inbox me, let's dance!
Thursday Night Special: Lamb Burgers w/ Feta Dill Sauce and choice of side! Come get some before they're all gone!
See you here for our dinner special and a beer (or wine)! $3Domestic; $4 import. Full & 1/2 Carafs of house wine avail.
Omg my mother -_- me:mom! The lightz red stop! Mom;is there a cop me;no mom;*takes off* !!
Make $ from content you create!
I know you don't roll, but trust me babe, you wanna be high for this.
All fulfillment comes from within.
Google it! It's hilarious.
yea i didn't think so :(
Check out the Plectrum Artist Series radio show 2nite at 10p on citywide blackout thru cyberstationusa.com feat act is Scott Strazzullo
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight. In the city of blinding lights ❤
Gotta love the energy behind can't wait for the launch. Tweet us events to cross promote!
Walk was sketchy, I car slowed down next to me. Almost peed my pants. I'll make it all the way to your place next time
I remember i used to skate ...yooo back when it was a fad but i loved it...me X & Izzy back in Brooklyn..til Hindu fat ass broke my shit
My hair today <<
When you move me, everything is groovy. I swear to yah; ill be their for yah. This aint no drive by.
May the fourth be with you.
Had a delicious today, Going to be a good day!
u KNOW he checks it at halftime...duh lol
INFO SESSION TONIGHT @ Beth Am Cong. 2501 Eutaw Place, 21217. We begin promptly at 6:30! Just bring yourself and a pen! All are welcome!
um yes, yes you should
I'm so excited! Great job!
ctfu hell yeah
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Thanks Gail!
#ward5se #dclc As daughter of a Black mother/Puerto Rican father, & mom of 2 children that attend bilingual schools, ty for today's event.
Awesome day at the K.
We were, it was beautiful today! Anyone else? RT : Hey y'all! Who's out on the Oak Leaf Trail today?
Check us out in richmond this saturday
thanks Ciera. Enjoy it
CAM annual meeting and Trade show is at Motor City Casino on February 2nd, make plans to attend the one day only event!!!
Awake. Pong with and Ate Jessica. Haha. You don't even know dawg. Oh no back to sleep!
Off To Softball (: <33
6 BAD (oops) ACTIVE kids about to board our flight. ALL passengers faces - PRICELESS! LOL! Every1 praying they're NOT sitting near them! LOL
Me too! The potato bug calling! I didn't learn roly-poly until I was older.
lol, that's crazy. I only have 5 days next week but I work both dayside and nightside on two of them. -___-
I'm in the mood to sit at home and eat ice cream.
U and I ROCK
Wonder if they'll see this tweet(: Worth a shot,
User review site for nonprofits via greatnonprofits.org
will do!
I got u cuz... U already kno
Ultimate Home Healthcare in Clearwater has CFO, Director of Finance and Billing Coordinator openings; fax resume to (727) 507-8967
teamwork bro
thats cool. i just thought for a little and it came in my brain:D
SAME. GET ME FOOD
how was PR?
Last Rams game of the 2011 season.
damn you
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
Frat party going Hamilton.
this is one of my biggest dream! I just can't really lose this.
just bought florence + the machine tickets! can't wait to rock out to my redheaded spirit mother.
RT : When things don't go your way, remember they are going God's way, which is better for u than your way! Let go & have fun!
Love is a tear. Love is a smiley. Love is a hug. Love is a kiss. Love is a word. Love is the all world! ♥
when will you be in San Antonio
These days i live a square life....its way too many snitches in these streets...no loyalty whatsoever.
BOOM let it out now!
What the hell happened to 's job?! Lol
plus you bruise too easy and I don't wanna catch a case.
Not a single fart joke on the show. Nothing being pulled out of any orifices either. It will be very familiar yet different.
Next series of tweets are from a faux-press conference in my #ENGL308 class. They are not real.
Maybe you could tell us since you're apparently eating them.
Always know your worth and never ever appologize for being yourself. Have a great day.
don't do it
we'll let it slide this time. Not eating warm, vanilla-spiked waffles encased in caramelized pearl sugar is punishment enough!
LMFAO THAT WHY I PUT EXCUSES UP WHEN ITS SITTING TIME.. I MAKE SOMETHING UP TO MY SIS BUT I LOVE THEM THOUGH HAHAH
We hope not too, the past two years it has rained though! :(
Lmao So My Bus Driver Told Us We Gone Have To Find Another Bus , Corey Said No Ma'am You Gone Have To Drive Another Bus Lmao Only Him
happy bday beautiful . Sorry I'm late was working
Best You can do for your family & friends is to see them more often.We can get You anywhere for LESS! We guarantee it! www.FreeXpedia.com
Call officials screw up a lot. Dude is under the rim and draws an over the back.
haha! The show on Monday is for a battle of the bands, so there's no VIPs unfortunately, but we'll get you one for a show :)
I am. Hi! Let's touch base after!
Gerrard's hat trick was nice!
#RelationshipsAre lame. ppl are always with the wrong person. lol
R.I.P. Ronnie James Dio
The awkward moment when you see felipe santiago at publix.....
I remember when u use to be able to watch TV, all u needed was a tv
Listening to demos of old songs, I'm gonna release these. People need to hear them.
RT “: Heart of a hustla, mind of a g”
I can't cause I don't know how to defy gravity
Taking a homework break to work on my tan.
All the world's dads are on a boat. One goes "HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?" Resulting bellylaughter causes a tidal wave that fully submerges Sri Lanka
#partynight!!! It's gonna be a rough night but I'm still gonna have a good time :D
Hogan is our new mascot for SoBiz Network, leave some comment for him
Guys are about the interactions between Indians, slaves, and alcohol. Do you have questions?
Thanks for the heads up. We'll send this along to our Maintenance team!
Still busy with having my sister here visiting and no computer, just borrowing her laptop...
Note to self: keep your mouth closed at work, contributing to the conversation only gets you in trouble.
nice meeting you to ....keep in touch 😊
Tomorrow is the last day of classes for the spring semester. Anyone have any fun "last day of class" traditions from your days on Rocky Top?
After surviving an almost fatal jet ski accident in May, Sean Kingston is back on his feet and attending Hollywood events.
lots and lots of apples
I smile knowing that I dont have showtime and will never have to see your "under-acting".
Awesome video!!!
Can you ask Emma if she'd like a new group of best girl friends? No seriously. We all have BFF crushes on her. And her hair.
#theres really no top I guess sum call it bein comfortable came from nuthin an make sumthin is the key
Planning next week at the end of this one. Excited to meet Luca Missoni of & Pamela Jaccarino of at WDC!
I feel like that douch trying to find the most awesome christmas tree on xmas eve! I can't find a pumkin anywhere. Sad brown one it is!!!!
People cant repay student loans if they never get their prof. licenses bcuz of unlawful discrimination in/by licensing entities
Heart disease and stroke remain the No. 1 & No. 3 killers in our country. #WomensHealth Text HEALTH to 300400 and reduce your risks!
Our thoughts are with all those who were affected by the 9/11 tragedy.
Happy to be in Salt Lake City after our 7am trek from Aspen...
Find a guy that will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara.
dude, u were great. 1 or 2 plays by others and you're in Indy.
"I’ll never know what the listener gets, what the listener feels, and that’s too bad.” -John Coltrane
Thanks for the follow
um, what's grosser than 's failed ad campaign? answer:
This Parks & Rec news better not be true. Fucking NBC.
Once again was extremely helpful in getting my Internet up and running. Very happy with
RT : Ramps tomorrow... what to do? // & I happy to recipe test. We'll be by for brunch in about an hour.
It never works-or if it works, it's only a temporary fix
BASE Camp is Mobile! Please text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you want to donate to the number: 27138!
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
btw, just a plug, i'm a Parallels user and love it! :)
Yum, great choices!
Rob Gronkowski uses every each and pound of his 6-6, 260 frame to get the #Patriots the lead back, 27-20
you bring a bottle and that could happen lol
hahaha you're dumb I miss you though :(
I officially just crapped my pants . #BOYFRIENDTeaser -.-
to george clinton? funk yes! I've been meaning to see him for years.
It sure does have its rewards...and you can have some pretty challenging days but I love it!!
Charlie Sheens home searched for firearms after a threat of harming himself.
There's goals because of passion, then there's creating a legacy because of the passion + those who have sacrificed for you...legacy.
Its not me its just everyone else.....
wait I mean Randy Orton is the youngest WHC
thx I couldn't wait to watch it! I was reciting it and Carlos was like "um how many times have you seen this?"
not you sam! U and are mad chill
haha. Honestly can they just move to NY?
I'm auditioning for my school talent show on tuesday!!(:
Hmm what's for dinner
home opener is TODAY at 3:10 vs. the #Cards! If you can't go it'll be on FSN and MLB.TV! #GoBrewers!
Tonight, Very much looking forward to it.
Nate, I miss you! How are you doing?
"The better you dress, the worse you can behave."
yeah he does.
dang it you beat me on the dude one :(
We're not a Christian nation? But it's been said so many times...
Money May destroys PAC Man. NO QUESTION. You can't touch him
This girl is talking about where her friend went traveling. If you have to talk about other peoples vacations, your life sucks.
Reading : Trader Joes coming to #Austin in 2013! I love their two-buck Chuck & cheap funky food. Awesomesauce.
Grill a 14 oz ribeye and quench that fire!
#PlaylistLive in Georgia plz *puppy dog face*
haha I love it! I Hope everything is going well with "the baller who got game" Miss Sansone ;)) Have a great rest of the week
Aaron Diehl Trio Wednesday w/no cover! Great room. Diehl somewhat new face but already great player. Will try to get there...
2,050 @ break... Super soft table
Hope the date goes well!
disagree as cut only 1 game off lead isn't enough in head to head series but wld be better then getting swept or drop 2of3
Yes, yes! Would LOVE to see a video!
Is it cool if I come with you baby?(; #SaySomethin <3 (: #BestSongEver :D
About to do my first Insanity workout. See ya in 45 minutes
Things do turn around for those who believe.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week!
During high school I wanted to be a model then I saw ANTM & realized how many times I would be in the hospital due to allergies. :/
"endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." - Dec. of Ind.
me neither...until now.
North Carolina, where gays can't get married but you can bury your relatives in your front yard.
hav fun elle....wen we gon hangout...so I can get a refill...haha......
That chamber show was a real kick in the head
ok, for a moment i will with you, wait. haha :D ♥
Player of the game: Bruesewitz. All those boards he got kept Wisc in the game when they had that shooting drought.
AUSTINS coming to LA?! That's for Los Angeles right!?:D
Time for a nap ...
To not make a decision or exert the authority that has been given to us is to allow ourselves to be enslaved to feebleness and destruction.
#top100lies he just a friend
You're a boy Mahomie ?! :D
lucky! I still want to make it up but work has been a little crazy! Enjoy steamboat and say hi to Bets and John!
Haha funny how right before I move to Baton Rouge, Lil' Boosie is found NOT GUILTY .
Daylight savings is not my friend. I never "spring forward" well.
In honor of the Facebook IPO, maybe I'll finally watch that Facebook movie.
#InMiddleSchool oh wait I'm not done with middle school yet. I'm pretty close though :) May 23 I'm waiting for ya <3
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT!
The words "Haters" and "Swag" are overused by the people who have neither.
etrade is lame!!
RT “: I heard Obama is trading RTs for votes.”
Bill Clinton (Request) To Our City Jacksonville Florida www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
I'm so tired of the Os is their any part of the team that is up/graded??? I don't think so!!!!!!
oh cool! I need a job but I dont want one! Haha
feels good to be back in my bed lol gonna go back and pick up my dad tomorrow lol
It was delicious!!!!!
Thank you for the RT! Happy Tuesday!
Its too early for jasons kids.
What's with the egg profile pic. Represent dammit!
will discuss taking his law firm virtual and his subsequent feature in at #crackingthecode!
Brand new patio furniture on our awesome streetside patio!
Husky Football 2009: A Return to Winning!
One of my least favorite things? Typing up POs. I am terrible with a typewriter.
dont understand magazines who have all the men in them clothed and women in lingerie.
I miss flakey ass
Speaking of split ends havnt had a Banana Split in years. If it gets to 95 today
Absolutely! Absolutely!!
www.bruzzesiforpres.com a much simplified way to governing. Simple plan for maximum results now!!!
ok but what ideas do you want like television shows actors singers? lol
again, it's not the It should be the bishops, but it's not. They're in bed with the GOP and want Obama to fail.
It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.
Bloomberg To Expand Campaign Against Truancy
So EXCITED for this movie!!! RT : Saw a ruff of The Avengers!! Joss went IN on that MUTHAVENGER!!
if they didn't sell them separate I'd be going topless or bottomless. I'm in support of separate sales
Reading the email now!!!
Some cunt just told me I was creepy? I'll show your ass creepy!
Yes I will be at the game, making the trip from Boston. Where can this doc be seen? Has it hit the film festivals yet?
YES 1850's around the time cameras got popular, and then old enough to enjoy the 20s-40s... Old souls ❤
Weird and exhausting but fun couple of days.
i know u r only replying 2 stupidity but he will never say what he does 2 anyone's face, esp the ravens..not worth it
heyyyooo! how you been?!
Yeah, that's how we are. RT : These poli-sci majors are pretentious.
cool! yes check out - they are an entreprenurial public library model!
RIP Charoll Shelby
feel better soon! I hope it's nothing to bad, love ya and miss you!
hope your doing alright. I know how it feels. I totaled my 91 camaro a couple of days b4 thanksgiving last year.
public school kids do not deserve to be held in veal fattening pens all day - they need recess
you'd need to do data modeling in Freebase first. #gridworks is only for loading data into existing schemas.
Rihanna looks like Goldie Hawn.
We started keeping Old Bay on the dinner table, next to the salt and pepper.
Too cool. Are you in College Station, Texas?
Jessica did amazing with aerosmith's song!
Jeter with 4 hits. Crazy. Actually we should be used to it by now.
Seeing tonight. Is it still spontaneous if I know I'm going to combust?
Justin is really skilled with that -- can't wait to see the suggestions. And you know how I feel about BYOB generally!
Colborne plays about as well for the Leafs as Kaberle did for the Bruins. Nice trade on both sides!
RT “: Tuesday we extended our agreement w/ IOC so that Paralympics will be in same city as in 2018 & 2020.”
I deserve a donut after the day/night i've had..
I WANT DQ AND DQ IS CLOSED
HEEYY goo follow and check out their stuff c:
I hate fake people and fake shit. Fakeness is a disease dont spread that shit over my way. # Igotmyfakevaccine
MQFTD: We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we all take a little of each other everywhere. ~TM
Again Robyn blogged pious, patient, and trustful
What an amazing concert tonight! Can't wait to do it again in Carnegie Hall on Monday
Just had a fabulous conversation with the guys from Potosi! Such great beer!
Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only. And that is, you.
Huge surprise...world-class idiot and IU hater picks #iubb to lose in the 1st rd.
Today is Pres Obama's birthday
Thanks for RT! How has the Bible's message helped you overcome fear & find healing?
I say BITCH IM TRYIN TO GET THIS MONEY IF YOUY FUCKIN WIT ME YOU GOT TO FUCK WIT ME THE LONG WAY❕❕❕❕❕❕
Wowzers, I had no idea.
Great to see you today in #theLabNYC. Looking forward to more time in the future.
sometimes I just watch the superbowl for the commercials if I dont care about the team....:$ lmfao
hell and me too...how the hell i'ma get the car out the pound i aint' got no money and the car was supposed to go back 2day
We do, too - almost everybody loves it except a few of my students :)
Not bad! Want to go on a jog sometime soon?
aight I'll let him know
