My fav Charles Dickens: Bleak House, Our Mutual Friend, Little Dorrit, Martin Chuzzlewit.
up at 5:30 a.m studying anatomy... terms ;)
deandre mightt have $2 lol hes bout to come threw soon but I gotta wait on these cloths real quick
don't take it too hard man, that was tough, I was pulling for the caps, hey at least the Os are doing well
There is nothing better than having a return cycle while giving plasma
I love my wife, I want her to be happy. But more than that, I want to do nothing. It's hard trying to have it all.
Great Meet Up Yesterday ! Thank You!!!!
Woke up from the weirdest dream... and were in it...Not sure what to make it of it lol
Watching jonah hex and playing rush plo
great question for Tracy: what exceeded expectations for Super Bowl? Her answer: the village!
Why not?
When whores defend other whores I ctfu
really good thanks!
at least someone does<3 #marryme ?
Cheers! Thanks for spreading the word! Let's keep it movin!
Love it! RT Support local trades&services. Support local independent business&Keep your $ working in your community.
please tweet a happy birthday it would mean the world to her!!
Thanks very much for your re-tweet.
glad to hear! hope all is well.
Yay! What a relief.
Oh, I do love him & I feel guilty about being so angry. It is a waste of time and energy, but unfortunately I am human.
Thank you very much.
Morning peeps!
better yet... How do you get tickets like this for free?!? Lol. I know a dude....
Captain obvious, we got a problem;you turned annoying
how bout a little Halpy too? Who's the forward in place of #gluestick? Need a spark
Joseph will go to the line.
"The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore."
I'm at a payphone, trying to call home baby, all of the change I spent on you...
I would give almost anything to be in his arms right now. I feel like crap. :'(
lol don't think too much outside the box
I don't feel like cooking. Maybe I want to go out and eat.
Easter candy has got to be the best candy of all the holidays.. Anyone else addicted to Starburst jelly beans and Reese's eggs?!
“: A window stuck open is just as bad as a window stuck shut. Either way, you’ve lost its use. Ditto for a mind. ~ Adeyemi”
Texxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxahahahahaha!!! So glad for him!!!!!
- happening a lot to me too - but watching twitter for updates and resources from others -
Hey thanks! You like? I just got it. Does it fit okay?
I Haven't Watched A Porno In A-While..
herbal? oh yes. fire up the vap.
<< baddest in the building!!!
Plectrum's founder will is a co-host tonight on the Citywide Blackout Internet Radio live right now! Unregularradio.com
Don't walk behind me u're not my slave, don't walk next to me, though u're my equal...walk five steps ahead: baby you got a nice ass!
About to send this picture and get this niggardly out my life I got better people to get ready for
Nitro Circus Marathon!! My night has just been planned.
April is National Volunteer Month! Do what you can to make a difference in the community. Volunteer with
#HowAboutWe treat everyone equally ...
70% of B&N customers are women, 25-45, via at
Still trynna learn all the words to BedRoomBoom /:
Ty is back?? I'M SO BEHIND!
Sometime after midnight, someone crept into an unlocked Alamogordo home and stole a gaming console, a DVD player, and many games and DVDs.
Trans Am reached a tentative agreement on t-shirts today. Always the most grueling pre-tour prep.
Date announcing shorter, easier to read credit card agreements today. 514 million cards currently in circ in US
Make that 4-2 Rush with another Rapid City lamplighter just now
Who are some of Still's contemporaries? Here's a hint Jackson Pollock and Mark Rothko.
RT : Damn one of the beastie boys died RIP Adam Yauch!
sort of unrelated: according to the woman who did my alterations, I can throw my wedding dress IN MY WASHING MACHINE
I hear ya bro! Any luck turning any up? Haha
Just cus I said don't mean I meant it juss cus u herd it.....
great movie
haha yes I know and you are smart too :D lol and what's up :P lol ?
One run let's get it
Had to to save my life, but i still get boners so its all goodRT : no way clipped your man hood!!!!
Off to San Francisco. Back tomorrow.
Awesome to have been part of the stellar InfoCamp team. Thanks, InfoFriends! Excited to see where you take InfoCamp next.
my mom knows the lyrics to WMYB :')
Dear two middle aged women, It'd be much appreciated if you stopped having a long conversation while standing next to the side of my car.
ohh . . Well I might then .
RapFix Blog | Michelle Obama Getting Comfy With Common, Responds To White House Visit
Welcome to the twitter world and brothers knight!
Just got done servicing the bike, did a rain test (washed it), just need to finish packing. Time to go!
At the GA Aquarium for #AJGSjeans, but where is and ?
Nothing I changed my mind ..
Didn't go to bed til after midnight. Lonely kitty woke me repeatedly throughout the night. Up at 5:20 for bootcamp.... I'm freakin' tired!
Watching My Fav Movie Mr. And Mrs. Smith (:
Ugh breaking in new work shoes feels more like breaking my feet.
So where to start to learn/design for VW?
Thx Autumn! RT : Hands down best coverage of Woodburn fire goes to -- best pictures, best info. HD matters.”
RT : Sharing photos with #instagram is fun and easy, but you can take photography to a whole new level with an online...
My hair is hard as a rock.
I did have fun with my baby
Good lord I'm tired! Being surrounded by alcoholics can be draining 😳😲
Just sent a message to Darren Hardy: I'm keeping my fingers crossed for any response.
Relaxing with the wife, ready for monday/tuesday practice!
Or found either art or entertainment on A&E?
that is seriously demanding pictures!
oh the sky
Cino De Mayo weekend at Amber will consist of a fiesta themed menu & drinks all weekend! $2 tacos $5 Margaritas just to get started!
finally feels like spring today
Update - I'm down $50.
I think QR codes are ugly and I refuse to use them. :-P
Happy Birthday Nancy! I love you more than anyone else! You're the best sister in the world!
Lol I'm perfect
yeah buddy! Registration page should be up and running shortly. Updates to come...
Send us more information as a DM, if you would please.
Last day at the visitor center! How crazy!
I love !! Shes the hottest!!!
thnx, amy! it feels good.
Thanks for sharing this with your followers!
SQL Server: Generate Insert Statement Script | Tech-Recipes: A ...
Aye world
Oh my grande this Fanbase. Omg haha! First fake Ariana facts, now Ariana's password! Haha! So happy to be part of the Ariana Army💗
pray for me please im really really sick :(
80k plus or bust
ah, hello! just wanted to say you guys do a fantastic job :)
RT : Had a really great day working with and learning from the #kipcamp fellows. Talented group that kept me on my toes.
this s*#t is hilarious. Couple ppl in my sec were yelling it.
:D they always come back
Definitely shorted the breaker and cost some of his work... That's going to bother me for a while
Dude from The Band died today. Wonder how many people will jam to them tomorrow on 420, lots I hope.
charge #HEAT ball!!!!
Thanks for the RT's
enjoying reading memoir and a glass of wine. Looking forward to having this New Yorker in LA.
& will be headed to LSU Thursday night for Girls' Night Out! Join us at 7:30pm/LSU Student Union Ballroom
There is something to be said about a good Agatha Christie mystery.
Bored at work.
Denver QB Tim Tebow attended #Oscar parties in LA this wknd. At a William Morris bash w/ A-list stars -most were excited to meet him.
Glad You Came by The Wanted >>>>>
someone on the #saints just broke the record for doing something awesome in
Do you like EVER talk to your brother (Alex) because it doesn't seem like it?
At the Annual Diocesan Recognition Banquet. Yeah. I know. Weird.
follow me : )
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account b/c of iCloud and iMatch - look for your booklets
I just saw a flood of camera lights in a conference room followed by the realization that Takashi Murakami is < a hundred feet away from me.
This blog site is great. How did you come up witht he idea?
I wish I had two of me so I could just let all my feeling out to someone, but there is no one I really trust with everything I have to say.
Has the internet finally become a political constituency? If so, its about time.
Dear : Please make another batch of chipotle infusion. I found last bottle in DC. Loved ones are accusing me of being stingy.
She fell in luv wit my life style ..
We're Open till 8 pm tonight, come by and grab a burger or a sweet treat!
yeah, struggling with the price tag a bit too.
well we could just go to buckheads, i would for sure get you in. may 1st i turn 21 ill give you my old one, im sure it would work
I said we dont care about rules
Yesterday was a very odd day in sports. SVG comments, Tiger stumble, Bounty-gate, Petrino, etc...
Lol yeah at least the food was good to make up for the place being so pink
you sweetie mama! Believe it or not, LMT cleaned up well! He came trained to cook/clean and still does it :) xoxo
#ThingsILookFor in a man, clean fingernails
here's a page of stunning stats
garbage picker
Wow. We complain so much re the postal service, yet my wildly inappropriate greeting cards are getting to their targets in just 2 days. :)
Cool story, yo.
ohh I will try to help you find someone!
#WalkerFailure claims he can meet 250k jobs promise ... if he gets to use his own special way of counting.
Everyone around me is sick.
Someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer's every 68 seconds. Last year, the stats said 69 seconds. Every second counts.
Welcoming my fave salon, to Twitter! Hola!
Hopefully i can get my phone fixed tommorow
I think I want some #krispykreme doughnuts really bad... But ill wait till tomorrow
Took a nap and now can't go back to sleep...but I gota sleep cause I got work at 6:45...but hey not tired...
haha team work
I'm talking about all out rushing you're a smart rusher you take your time. You're a lot more methodical like Palestinian or Tomb
for some reason thats what makes America great. As crazy as it is here, it's way worse over there...proud to be in America....
Four GOP incumbent Wis. senators targeted for recall have $370k in the bank.
My hometown library doesn't have a gift shop anymore.
I feel like shit and I don't even know why.
I can swim in it all day :)
Serving lamb buns and alligator pear salad at a small private lunch. Two items that may make their way onto the menu soon.
#NewFollowers #part2 hey guys please check us out on facebook!!
ahahahaha! and the huge bangs?
just has some clams and oysters and beer...
It'll never be the same my niggah..
Don't let the rain stop you from coming to "Response to Arizona" program on illegal immigration. Kensington Commy Church, 6:30-8 pm. tonite.
How did you know!? And a carafe of wine. Make that 5 carafes.
Best line ever.
Yes, yes I am. RT is psychic.
Bout 2 put all my issiues n this swisher....
There you are :-)
with my girrl
Congratulations to all the students who won a Book Award! Good job you guys!
seeking the great country for opportunities. might just contribute to brain drain... we'll see..
yah u no y u dont want me show u some southern hosplaitilty coz i beat ur brains out
I remember watching it and actually crying :')
am I death enough to say GM back #ornaw :)
Canada is pretty awesome, eh. Went to Parliament yesterday. Museum of Civilization today. Also a brewery that serves hops-fed bacon.
oh that's crazy! Did I miss anything in the first rd?
You gotta admit, Weiner was better at it than O'Reilly.
In class bored ugh# going to lunch with my bestie :-)
And so begins the next flood of #NYU graduation tweets...
Oh no! Someone ransacked our house! What the...oh wait. It was my little one. Nevermind. Carry on:-)
I'm wearing my to a work party. Don't judge me. I'm wearing a sweater and pearls on top.
I am yet you remain the greatest :)
Use price-comparison Internet shopping sites like PriceGrabber.com to assist you in comparing product prices.
Create reports on your niche market that you use for listbuilding and product promotions.
stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it. getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?
awesome to hear! What agency are you at?
thinking about a vegan cassoulet and mfk fisher. two things that don't really go together, but do in my head.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at the Waiting Room!!! Hoping to see all the familiar faces, and some new ones too.
chill trill. I think you've coined a line just now.
oh my god I an snappish and cryin and Katie ha pat callmw for my birthsya
Forgive. It doesn't erase their crime but why should you do the time. Let go of resentment
thank you, Susan!
When I have my Sweet 16 I want it to be like a masquerade♥
#Nietzsche has a varied quote that says “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger”. Maybe...
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Break up #2_Big_2_Fail banks wud create 100k's jobs, increase competition, improve customer service, reduce monopoly.
really wants there to be aprons (so I can have one, selfishly) that read: "This is what a feminist cooks like."
Not yet but that is an excellent idea! I will send link shortly. Thanks, Liz.
Follow Me Please???
haha. No it would middle school if we went for matching anklets. Which of course I am now thinking we should do.
ass always burnin up something smh her ass would probably even mess up a syrup sandwhich ...-_-
The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10-watt light bulb.
The falcons need to wear those uniforms every week
Sometimes I really worry that I won't get into college.
the zombie prom in NYC on June 9th. Thats whats happening!& the news is oversaturated with crap that doesnt have meaning. :-)
man man man so sad !!
#brewers now that was a nice error. thank you
Went nutz today
I'm going to send an email tonight with everything! Sorry it's taken so long, it's been a crazy week!
Great to see you! ": Morning lovers. Off to a radio visit. Feeling sick again. When you travel like this. bound to happen"
What's rarer than pitching a perfect game? The Twins winning two games in a row.
Lets go Mavs! Make me some monies
Halftime in Waco. Baylor down by 1 bc they don't have a defense or a kicker.
RT : Mobile networking is also great with apps like , folks can exchange biz cards/contact info via smartphone
That was cool
There's no I in team. But bitch there's a ME
Praying for everyone getting arrested in Chicago right now. Spread the love.
Back to doctors on next Monday for follow up appointment.
I have no idea what's going on
Happy birthday to my favorite AZ reporter! <3
If you had to ask someone to compare two of your designs and then ask 3 questions, what would those be?
"You can do anything for 30 seconds"
": Gray Tee,Gray Boy Shorts and Purple sheets is how im sleeping tonight fuck the rest" Real nice visual. U smellin fruitty?
in you honor had heinikin in a can on the plane Southwest does not serve flying dog. Work on that.
anyone out there call in sick today? :)
There is a designers' axiom that seems appropriate here: "If the whole page is bold, nothing is bold."
I am going to go play airsoft near orlando tomorrow. Anyone want to join?
I feel like dancin' tonight I'm gunna party like its my civil right it doesn't matter where I don't care if people stare ;D ♥
good,thank you :)
We definitely still have it! I'll give it to Phil next time I see him :)
I love how we say this everytime, and have been for the past three years and the cubs keep running him out there.
She worked for gizmodo. She knew exactly what she was doing.
What I learned about myself is I am human. I worried about twitter, the shelter etc. Felt like Moses on the mountain... Continued next tweet
Tickets for the House of Blues are available for our show on April 13 - come git it!
your welcome:3
I can't make expenses go away (wouldn't that be something?), but maybe I can help lower your car insurance costs?
what's up girl
Striking out on my own in the Big City this summer. Not happy about moving again, excited for the opportunity.
Getting cloudy, must be the weekend.
Excited to announce that our new series of on-stage interviews with executives - "C-Suite Conversations" - kicks off September 8. Stay tuned
Support artistic and literary freedom in China. Follow 艾 未未in defiance of the Chinese government restrictions!
Oh. And I had the most beautiful donut today. Amish people know how to do food :D
Cristina ! The only one in the whole world that understands me<3 #sadlife my heart is broken!
Destined for greatness
Wats up world a close friend told me I was neglecting twitter and wen I thought about it...it was true lol
a little disappointed but I'll live
SLH is looking for anyone willing to donate used bikes for the house. used to help guys get to meetings and work. call 800-429-6990 Thanks!
Happy Foursquare Day. Can't make it to #4sqdaySEA but hope it's a great time.
#stereotypesofourgeneration "Shes black but she talks like a white girl that's a wannabe". NO boo I jst have class and proper English.
it's a loss
Its funny how niggas want to get on a track after they heard somebody else kill it. That just shows you lack on creativity.
Time for more French toast experimentation.
I think that would create a new problem...
tbh american transcendentalism is mostly a bunch of bloated western philosophers who were obsessed with Hinduism and Buddhism
I think it would make sense here. I might think differently about it if we weren't RIT.
Listen. Evaluate. Implement. Find out how we can apply our philosophy & approach to your hospital- Email us today!
Hope casts a dark shadow over any failure and diminishes the mistake so you can see the bright side
Yep! Makes sense. Surprised we didn't all see it coming.
Congrats to for their spot on Warped Tour in Cincinnati! Come hang with us August 2!
So scratch The Vogue, I'm old and going to bed.
u was peace'n my shit nasty. You would remember that part tho. #asshole lol
What if the love of your life turns out to be a terrible father?
We love the enthusiasm, but we don't want people to spam their twitter streams with entries, each person is counted only once.
ONLY 1 1/2 HOURS LEFT of the 4th of July SELLATHON! Get over to Freedom Ford Truck Center! Or call us for more information! 800-884-5037
it seems like it was a lot more powerful at one point. Im wondering if they changed something.
Hey Joe!
gonna miss you too shlee shlee :(
If you never have, I highly recommend giving students the option to compose a song for a class assignment at some point.
thanks for the info. Watching the instead
HAPPY B-DAY to my sweet TWY-BOO(TWYLA)! HAPPY HALLOWEEN ALL! Going to the ortho doc. on Mon. for my hands! :)
ouch, don't diss my Ravens, Yankees, and Nuggets. That's hittin below the belt.
Fleeing market in Elkhorn
One thing I honestly have in common w/ the rioting PSU students: Athletics far and away the most intimate connection I feel w/ my school.
& chilling ;o
Championz heading to power play video for an interview. Power play picked up the new single from championz "stay real". Quetone music holla
I love you Austin!!!!!!<3
no name guy too.
Learning about the value of a four day work week I like the sound of that!
#bitcheswhowontdateme Any Porn Star (good or bad)
the pot of gold under the RAINBOW xDD
I agree i miss ya girly i just got back today from new orleans
I love college.
Gnite California ill see you in the am
I don't give a fuck
Ok cant wait!
slowly making it , but when do y'all get out ?
My tummy is so full. Going to sleep so good.
My fantasy racing team just went into the tank
now the creepers will come
dancing.....festival of the arts.! i have to preform
Thanks for a great consultation Danny !
need a manager
Yahey! Welcome back!
i love in 500 days of summer and new girl, i just wonder whats she really like in real life
If you aint on what im on then you aint worth it and if i cant see u in my future then wats the purpose?
RT : The government should get out of the marriage business. Just issue Civil Union licenses &let churches bless them or not.
worship time
We're back at 6:20 am. RT: Jacket2 site is down as of 5:30 am eastern time. Back up soon! (via )
Worked for the Obama campaign in 2008; moments like this make that experience feel valuable, worthwhile.
care to explain?
"The struggle for global sustainability will be won or lost in cities", the UN Secretary General stated in his opening speech.
oh scew you jerk
I'm feeling loved today
S/o to all the #AfterSchoolSpecial fans who came out to support tonight. and 's girlfriend
One more day of filming to go!
#musesocial I believe that museums can engage a conversation with an even larger audience with social media.
i only remember i think it started with a W or M i wish i knew it was her though i wish i new man that sucks i must remeber
Gonna be a good night with :)
Grading of student projects --Some are Excellent others good
de nah ready fi de MATTRASS RIDDIM Daddy seh wrap it up don't b silly! Op Willy -RED ROSE ~Selah
Thanks for the heads up - appreciate the feedback.
the place you are at now, I have not talk to anyone from metro in a while.
I am vending my art on 3/24/12 at the first of 2012
it's Sunday LOL
Hey Erika, Sorry you can't make it! You'll be missed! :(
U can't fix dumb, believe me I've tried~BAMM.
What's your word for this year? Mine is Compassion - not sympathy - but compassion for Self and Others. 1-1-11 - Yes!!
What am I doing right now?
but can you show me an example? or do we just have party talking points on both sides to try to manufacture a difference?
Dear special teams: eat me.
just got a sneaky preview of the new from our friends at … shit is gonna get real in the fall y'all!
breakfasting with Peter & Conrad @ The Elevens
It�s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Lame that they didn't show a K State 2OT highlight.
I miss you love (:
Big perm I mean worm lol
Shortened season finally startin to catch up wit people
Success comes at a cost that all can afford, but only few are willing to pay.
": Headed to Millennia Mall! Who coming with me?1" ««bout to start a riot in the mall
Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE? DM me for more info!
Orr asks Fletcher if he would rejoin the party in the future. Fletcher says no. He's not worried about the future.
To everyone in the entire twitter world, I apologize. was correct.
We are having our first CUNY application workshop of the semester tomorrow. Come to C311 at 12:45 if you are interested!
If you make your return calls, please call me before you go to sleep. I really need to tell you something.
Give me that HIGH FIVE, my friend!
if u find a place let me know! I'll roll up there 4 deep! Haha! Seriously tho 😳
So. How 'bout them #Bruins. :)
Niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
I have explored everything the Houston airport has to offer #boredom... Waiting for to get here and entertain me
that's just crazy! What is wrong with people? Idiots!
I hear that ! Im bout to unfollow u cuz I still didn't a follow back!
house party! Kinda late response!
RT Perfect night to chill outside..I agree 100%
hope the rain clears before parade this eve in quarter. we will revel...
I'm going to send you a few e-mails to check out
I'm not a Dodger fan but mayor does not belong on the same field as Vin Scully is a crook and a piece of garbage
that was yesterday!
: Enjoyed presentations by you and at Jboye. Is your deck at slideshare as well?
Imagine if vampires smoked weed, one population would die when they have the munchies lmao
hahah umm I will be back on Sunday! I need to show Waltiea some post moved anyways hahah she gonna get mad if she sees this
Yesterday I was flying high / With you / Today I’m back on planet Earth / Silently crying / in the river of Tuesday blues
I'm so glad its Monday :)
Im So Late But My Back Something Wrong With i Need To Go To The ER
Mann my Mf tooth hurt
Wearing my WDWD bracelet: What Did Willam Do?
Do all the good u can In all the ways u can At all the places u can To all the people u can As long as u ever can
I invite you all to see my new movie, "Moneyball."
Do You Have A Picture Of Him On Your Phone?
hello, how are you?
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
#AmazingRace ? Please let me know how that goes! I'm sure other families would like to know about your ride w/the Buddy Bike!
Petrified Forest field expedition is on! May 7 - 20.
What I want for Christmas? For people to read their emails before hitting send. ie. "and am no longer call am calling the token exchange"
Our gift card Kiosk has 140 varieties of gift cards to choose from.
She kinda snapped her head in a cocky way and said "yeah, that's right" and Tyler slid away from her. Wonder if its on youtub
I've only been sitting here for 25 minutes and I already ate all of my snacks for the next 4 hours -________-
"Go big or go home." - James Garfield
ah! you have to post part 23 like NOW! i am SO MAD AT JUSTIN. (in your sotry) you are just an amazing writer.
Felt it here in DC to. Initial reports are a 5.8 in Richmond.
I will mf!
What's your BIG IDEA to help disadvantaged families in San Diego?
Perhaps Narcissus was hoping that, just once, he could gaze at his reflection without being met by an accusatory stare.
I get that when I watch dance...
Thanks for follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
you definitely caught me.
Ugh got a morning class tomorrow -___-
Won 2 awards! Leasing of the year & got a promotion. Yea!!!
Now, it's time for the Riverside vs. Mukwonago game.
I wish I owned an owl. I also wish this tweet had a punchline. But I mostly wish I owned an owl..
I like hockey but baseball is my favorite! The #Bulls provide great entertainment though!
Being a bum
Big skymaster be mixin' it up for all of us!
oh you guys made me cry! Congrates!!
morning candy and friends happy tuesday
TGIF..... Actually sitting in one of them!!!!
For your urban pop and geek culture needs, you have to follow
No :( I got another week and a half
At wrk being driven insane by these kids!
Paris Bar, Kantstr., constantly here with Jacob Taubes in the mid-1980s. Puncto 1985. It's still claustrophobically small...
i wanna rap on a spaceghostpurrp beat one day
Thinking about getting some new headphones. The ones I'm using now are just way too damn heavy!
YaYsoul,you R,giving courage to twitter pans!
In the eyes of the NeuroTypical World, there is nothing Autistics can do that is ever "good enough"
every mom think their bad &$^#%^ child is innocent, sweet and precious? But, 7 million connected to prison system in 2010, says different?
Doug Ridenour Jr is asking for any donations as in raffle prizes for the event. He can be contacted at 209 595-5693.
you clearly have no clue what a john doe investigation is or how it works.
Omgg that video that nick tweeted. I can't.
One establishment candidate down and 8 to go! The global elitist are trmbrlling! Way to go Ron!!!! Taking out the status quorupt!
did you know you can do sets of sit-ups, butt lifts, planks & pushups on a trampoline? I did it!! ;)
oh just barely (;
Diane Sawyer just said I can expect insect swarms thx to the warm winter. Pencil in under Sunspots, on list of things I'm NOW afraid of.
I used to but they got really hard so I just stopped lol.
Amsterdam!!! you'll be seeing me for sure next year !!!
Supporting those Plainfield baseball boys today! ☀✌⚾
He will have become aware that he is happy in the course of living life twenty-four crowded hours of the day .
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix! We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25! Gowns just $5! details at mypromdress.org
My Daddy is my first love <3
How come even when I don't follow someone, I still end up involved in a conversation involving and the word "cock"?
$alute to all the blogs who posted our video on their sites we appreciate the luv ! "O.T.O.M.S"
Heading to Philly in a bit to rock the UACA Hall! Who's psyched?!?
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
I think I've been living under a dissertation-finishing-job-interviewing-class-teaching rock. Newt Gingrich won a primary?
headphones!!!!!! dam i was in da middle of crushin dis classic!!!
youre burnt....no more chronic man
Blessed Theophylact has given us a “ Bible study” of ancient and divine origin, untouched by contemporary opinions and discussions.
Don't let 'em tell you how to live your life<3
You heard about QT new Slavery Western "Django Unchained" w/ Jamie Fox, Leo DiCaprio, Sam Jackson, Kurt Rusell & Ali G
I do
OKC or the spurs will be in the finals
you crazy my dude
3Keepers: Keep it moving by changing a static image.
Copying has become a National Disease... what makes you an original?
These girls ballin'!!!!
My boy's car just took 1st in his 1st heat. :-)
why are you so worried about me?
Found an iPhone on the floor and managed to find the owner at this huge conference. Hopefully, this will help improve my tech karma!
Matters that Matter #FF @
So true sweetie!
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I might be.
Winning! Totally winning!
It was 's idea to have us auto-tweet the same stories. While petting a cat, he said to me: "U know what would irritate tweeps?"
cause I'm proud to be an american
Looking forward to it as well! RT : can't wait til Saturday!
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Just tapped #AnchorBrewing Christmas 2010 and 2011!!!!! As well as #BrooklynBrewery winter!!
thanks for the retweets!
A guy that really care about u suffer and make sacrifices just to make u happy that's why I have all the hearts 4 u even though it sucks
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
Lugar loses. The Republican Party just got a little crazier!
Happy bday jessica
Hey love, I hope you're having a blessed day!!!! :-)
How bizarre was it this time? I photographed him once for Kronick in front of the Trashy Lingerie shop...he was loving it! LOL!
I might not make it that long Lol so I'm living how it come; but at the same time thinking bout tomorrow and working on my future
Keep working and you'll be varsity. Being a sophomore on varsity. I was there. Don't be discouraged. You're gonna get beat up
Wondering how you can get involved in local Hillcrest-area activities? Come join us at our next meeting.
You obviously don't have respect for yourself or your girlfriend.
You rollin' with us tonight?
#ManThighsMahoney I love you ;*
The Southwest Section PGA Annual Meeting was REMARK-ABLE! Go to our Golf Realty Network FB page to see the pics.
": Thank you guys for the love so far, did y'all like our paso? We had fun...." It was AMAZING!!!
you know that you would be excited if i gave you a sticker lol
Good Afternoon #team2tone!! How you guys feelin?? :)
#ThreeImportantWords I. AM. HUNGRY.
Thank you for following, yes we will keep in touch and gladly take up on your offer.
Ha! // RT : As texting trends upward teens will engage in telepathy.
Jericho wins. The ending to that match was so solid.
BLACK FRIDAY Sale 50% off comedy show 2nite w/ Discount code
TALK TO MY LAWYER YOU THE ONE WHO WANTED TO GET RID OF IT TWO WEEKS AGO COME ON NIGGA
Such a gorgeous day in Los Angeles!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday! :)
Have a great night everyone! B)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Are those who engage in threesomes with their partner really trying to spice things up or are they unhappy?
It's Jonny from the Stumblebums. We were in LA last month and tore it up.. wished you were there to jam with us! b in touch
Shampoo additive (or salad dressing) for eggs; thai food for coconut leftovers!
Because I Said So on Style network and reading Fifty Shades. Sounds like a good Sat night to me!
We're studying Romeo and Juliet in English. Haha acting it out with everyone is so fun and hilarious.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?18
Really enjoying Jim Kane's talk.
This page is for the promotion of the whole DFW music scene. We put on for our city and artist!
Everyone makes me feel like shit. I hate feeling like this. I just want all the pain to go away.
who can find some rare GLJ videos on youtube whether it be in our old band or now? Find it and tag us!
You can't really judge someone just cos she's nice on twitter. Who knows it's all an act.
Eagles 2012 season could rest on rookies. Figure five rookies could be asked to make significant contributions.
RT : "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought." ~ Jonathan Swift...
#Dolphins draft key #14: When questioning GM Ireland's picks remember as a kid he was routinely wedgied by talented good 1st rd quarterbacks
I've Decided To Delete My Twitter, I Never Get On And I Think Its Boring And Stupid.
Awww his so sweet :)
I like your icon...just look at them pushing that truck or car.
how about a little better midfield and defense, as in not giving up 4 unanswered goals...
writing on the oblique/concave-laden interior design of #empirecoffee, fictional #starbucks in #androidjesus. have u noticed all the slants?
yeah...... ur kinda right lol I need a vacaaaattttiiiooonnn
LOYALTY BEFORE ROYALTY.
A release, a ecsape. A solution. Light at the end of the tunnel.
Wow, #WSDOT has done a great job w/ their #Android app. I love it!!
My baby is making gravy. Soon he'll get my baby gravy!
Shut up bitch. :)
It gets better every second we're together.
Yo nigga you the shit I like how you keep the integrity in yo music fuck the fame you spitting for real niggas!
If you ain't got no aliby,You U.G.L.Y... Yeah Yeah -> You UGLY
thanks I love you too girl! :)
music in my mind "Instant Karma" by John Lennon ... what's playing in your brain?
Met with the lovely folks from Of note: Patsy Cline's house, over 200 wineries, & ponies AND rocket launches on Chincoteague!
LOL! My friend nate was next to me in history and he was watching one of your gameplays haha
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. ~ James R. Cook
Sorry, I'm still learning this whole twitter thing. Consider yourself followed, sir. How was the squid?
I actually said "...this whole episode shows a lack of business maturity on the part of Betterment..." You misquoted me in Forbes
C'mon Kansas !
Showing a location scout around right now. Will we be HBO bound? ;)
At Green Light Music in Kalamazoo, MI #rsd2012 8th in line at 8am
Good moanin tweets!!!
Who's Birthday is this week?
did see a good Weezer show there....think the band Cold opened?
She put her gum on my pants so mines in her hair haa yoo she pisd
right--what I dig about Chuck is he was honest about his switch when he did, and called out Repugs for their ish
Sushi farts.
Learned much in passing chat today with colleague Kate Leonard about preservation triage in times of tight library budgets.
no but like 6 can
There are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Remind us. I'd vote for you.
Philadelphia and Washington DC areas usually.
I did too, eck!
Oh so HSBC? I'm sorry hun.
Your always going to be an asshole in my eyes
You asked for it!
you already know...
When a country song comes on that reminds me of you <
I'm foreal, I will slap a bitch.
love your guys tacos anyone ever beat 10 in a night? Cause I'm pretty sure I hold the record if it still stands
RT : #JustRememberThat unlike your current girlfriend, I am not a rodent.
that's cool, wish i could go 2 slam dunk...but i'm goin to warped this summer so i shouldnt complain.
Congrats to the for the all time high in penalties yards only in
go Nina and RT “: Off to train a brand new class of Spring Fellows! #fellows2012”
★Check Out my live Radio Sessions Out today(5.30.11) Go to www.djjonchris.com , and take a listen. Your neighbors will love it!
I'm jealous!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Look who I found on twitter My dad was just asking what happened to you. My whole family loved to watch you and your mama.
We also know it's NOT "I just want to hang out with the guys tonight" or "Honey, I need to tell you something"... :)
solo project i started featuring a bunch of LA session musicians that just enjoy music. no bullshit, just fun tunes :)
Game 6 was awesome and a great crowd. People honking horns all over the garage on the way out. Game 7 tomorrow!
"When all men speak, no man hears."
An attentive audience for a spoken word artist at a bar is high praise.
Not only have I not seen in almost a week, she hasn't tweeted me in days... #notcool ;)
What is your favorite non-fiction book?
Just got a quiet moment in the studio..rain is lightly falling. The sound of the raindrops is filling the room..it's peaceful.
Wanna go back to sleep
hmm, what is "fake art"? Teasing but can't let it go. It isn't "fake" art, just not accessioned or loaned art in MOMA.
you ok
hahahaha that's awesome.
I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
Arias rolls one thru the 3.5 hole and Giants are on the board, 3-1 with runners on 1st and 2nd, still nobody down
But, of course, if that tax is applied we have to learn the SMS dance backwards
Hehe I love you so much! 😍
I'm the type to tell ya daughter things
But if you're new to it, paying for management could be well worth the money.
I would like to say bye bye to everyone I'm out bye twitter g2g and take a 2 hour nap.....(+:+)
I am referring to going to see Avengers again by myself ;)
and to you!
I think Ron Paul should drop his pacifist ways and just SLAP NEWT.
I miss my BF most of all -second is hummus and candy breaks. Something I don't miss? My desk side weight gain
Finally sitting down and catching up on my life after a long day
"Stoops can save America" -- my sister Rachel re the power of sitting outside and actually talking to your neighbors
Modeling tonight=]
June 1 is Nat'l Hazelnut Cake Day - is that even a thing?
Where is your pissing boner, want to suck it oops Rt it!!
Hey, Cancer-walking S-Alumni, we're meeting tomorrow/parking lot outside south Dillard's entrance/7-7:15am. Bring $15 for your shirt.
cheer up, bestfriend. i'm here for ya i'll treat ya like a price, not a game. :) & i'm going to chew him out for this bs.
RT : One of the reasons I LOVE SM is everyone has an opportunity to be heard, brand, customer and voyeur
gotta love helpin fix the underneath of his truck at 11:30 at night !! lol #cold 
hisself is NOT a word!
You're welcome. Go #AgencyInsanity :)
lol the apple doesn't fall far from the tree...👍😉
Man, that is sad.... I feel kinda bad now..
oh my god savanna! haha that is creepy.
Things I don't get: The Foo Fighters, people who tweet weird quotes, Seacrest's new hair, why roses cost so much and whiskey.
#Get Back has to be my fav #beatles song!
This tanning bed really just sprayed me with water! Perks of working at a tanning salon
My whole iPhone is now baby blue
aye don't judge us lonely folks. We're a kind group of citizens. Lol
OMG YES!!! That was her we spammed. I think it was my idea to do it. She had like 200 comments of random pics and shit. lmfaoo
hay tramps lol
I just made a loan to Zikusooka Womens Group on Kiva.org
Winter doesn't scare me. I've managed to get used to most things.
Friday Night in Madison! KIERNAN McMULLAN with PHOX and GAVIN JONES Coffee House! Tickets available at the door!
lawrence north
oh okay lol just making sure
I love it!
Don't just give your heart to anyone. First, make sure he's worth it ❤
Rashawn grew up in Kansas City.
President Martelly, savvy in social media, tweeted his own inauguration as Haiti's 56th president minutes after it happened!
Ditto RT : good...hadn't felt totally old for a few hours. RT Sucks that I don't turn 21 until the end of summer.
Thanks for featuring #NoKidHungry on your blog!
Wow, Halle Berry looks Amazing!
Ohh, sorry to hear that :( Sounds very annoying!
Those of you auditory learners vs visual, tune in to 88.9 tmrw, Friday, from 9a-930a to hear more about us.
When flying with kids, remember: your kids don't have to be the best as long as they're not the worst.
and all win today.
Up early to get to #govlearning conf. today at the Newseum. Is great to be in DC and walking among the urban folks.
Ready for a great game tonight! Let's Go #Flyers!!!
I've tried to like #GCB, support the locally inspired show, but I can't take a season 2. The script is just so bad...
Thank you ... I love your lunchtime #wax skills! :)
Drunk off the funk!
You know to hustle don't mean you got to do it illegal I'm just saying
#SLPeepsSaturday Follow these
We are mass energy. Everything is energy. EVERYTHING. -The Secret
Just saw a local politician advertising on Hulu. Caught me off guard. There is no escape from political rhetoric.
Are you coming to Katie's cabin in a few weeks? It would be super sweet if you are!
How does this MLB realignment work for you?
get to as soon as u can...dano is now sick i guess.
Hm, I kinda agree w/ the author: having purchases in Mint helps me see where I can spend less. Guess I'm just projecting! :)
where is the coverage?
by the way, I believe we've talked a bit before from my account.
Follow back.
Definitely watch it in 3D. :D
Thank you for the awesome work. I love everything you've done for me so far. You rock :-)
Your welcome!
"If jesus was born in the United States ... We'd have the Shroud of Berwyn." #quote Lou Rugani
Been cleaning my room since 8. Almost done with hanging up & folding my clothes everywhere 👍😊 hopefully my clothes will stay neatt!
just for clarification, I mean, should the world just watch?
Octoberfest is coming at the Turn Verein in Sac. One of my favorite weekends of the year!
Jeremy Renner is pretty badass -- but inheriting TWO spy franchises? Really? ()
Stop making kissy faces, my girlfriend will kick your ass ;)
Federal plan to rate teacher performance
Opposition arguing that they will not be competitive with county. I bet the county raises theirs next year after the election.
TelCel's 3G network in CaboSanLucas is prob The fastest Internet I've ever seen on my phone. What's up AT&T? And yes, been working on vacay.
...also the Heat are in town next Monday. Get your tickets before they sell out.
what u doin
Fantasy Factory >>>>> Great
Less than eight months until the 2012-13 starts!
yea well I know I'm not a cover girl that's how I feel
This is amazing
on tour with my choir I'll be back in Chicago later on ..
YOU BOTH WILL NEVER AGE
The test wasn't as hard as I thought it would be
cuz I can't take the pain so I won't be online. And I can't do Taylor Issues
I didn't think Gainesville had it in them
Only 1 King Burrito and it's delicious
"New innovative business models will all face rejection at one pt or another, even multiple times." - Tyler Merrick
Joel be hoein'
Happy Veteran's Day!!!!
Ha ha [stop] I still want one [stop].
Facilitated discussion on the future of eLearning
happy easter everyone.thank you Jesus
So... I can't be your drummer?
Hi Shawn, we are looking forward to the #FeelRich event next weekend! Thanks for all you do.
How frequently do you have trouble navigating the health care system when you need care?
Puttin on the Ritz in #harlem..where the highbrows meet the lowbrows, booze flows and the elite get to brush elbows with a hoodlum like me..
I love watching my cat watch birds.
Album cover shoot today with one of Chicago's best rappers. Long, hot Chicago day!!!
This movie is about to make me cry
Welcome to Miami
Sometimes I get my wife and my GPS mixed up...they both tell me what to do every 30 feet.
Feel free to txt me. Anyone? Dont care who ya are. 513. 600. 3654.
You have actually no fucking idea of what I'm going through, so you have no right to judge me.
Oof! Happy birthday?
I guess Squidoo ain't wanna talk to me lol
Ok I'm hungry... Where is the free food health maybe?
haha yeah i know...:D
I missed it too :(
walking in the winter wonderland :) .... scratch that .. BIEBER LAND!
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
I could not agree more. I already had to turn off the radio. I just want them to win tonight.
for all new friend.. is you hv not go the change to visit our website.. pls go ..www.us-tea.com. .. share your experience here..
When was the last time you danced?
Guys who shave their legs. No.
Follow us on twitter or like us on facebook to have access to sales and the Honor man scholarship!!
NBA X-MAS SPECIAL
#philtown is speaking in Springfield. Just finished his speech.
q4 - didnt have much of an issue with the separation stuff! I've got little mini me's - outgoing. We'll see w/
long day at work...happy to join the family on the homefront
Thanks. Its a joy to see gloves taking a new turn.
Why isn't nickelback playing the halftime show?
Any insight on #Bachelorette designers that we'll see on Emily??
oh yes u do! :) i will start the lyrics and quotes!
unless he wants to play defense
follow me?
I'm hoping that they are going off the air & is replacing them! RT We're anxious for The 's big announcement
bro, you need to go 2 this: RT State of the Re:Union Live - coming to #Baltimore this month!
😒CAN I GET A DO-OVER FOR THE LAST TWO DAYS?? 😒 PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!😢
Then when the DJ comes on @ 1030 Dino is going to turn the lights down and we can close out St. Paddy's with a dance party.
Giffords a reality check in chamber of politics
I saw a horrendous motorcycle accident on my way home from work today. It has me reconsidering my scooter (which I was driving at the time).
I wish i could have that undeniable love
It's not your eyes, Genability is sporting a new logo!
The converse of this is also true. RT : The most fearsome foe to the ignorant is anyone who is not.
RT : On the bus ..to support #csustrike. Budget cuts are disfiguring the nations finest & most accessible public univ system.
Investing in your health is the most important investment you can make. Money in the bank can't buy you the security it brings!
Madam. You forget I have a 1/4 century dealing w/ Israel/Palestine under my belt.Persevering agst unreasonableness is all I got..!
in SF today. Excited to start the dialogue (I know it's been a bit of a monologue lately)
Do we seem stressed out?
I'm soaked
So enjoying this Julius Schulman (environmentalist/architecture photographer/general modernist) documentary. Streaming on now!
“: Hm....I think we have a new wednesday party brewing in LA...Hm...” <-- THIS.
Got up this Morning with all intents to Run lake Montebello this AM. #HelloRain ;o) To the basement for workout it is!
Coffee is yummy!!! But I don't understand how ppl could just drink it black it's quite disgusting
It's Whiskey Wednesday! Come try Beta's MilwauKKee Sazerac. This delightful drink mixes thyme, orange peel, Absinthe & of course #whiskey!
Pumpkin spice frappucinos are amazing
My mom just found my first grey hair so you know happy mother's day to her
no kidding! i'm home too, and i've gotten sucked in for more time than i'd like to admit :D
It hasn't been official yet, but the whole cast wants to
I had to make a new FB page aDd me on it and send me links to all the other pages I need to "like"
Well it looks like we play the hardest team on our schedule tommarow, its time for to still drop some buckets
I ended up missing it, Doug. I hope there's a recording because I really was looking forward to it, as you know.
Hell Iowa(:
TY RT Debra, scot the food doc Dr Scot Lewey
Thank you EVERYONE for playing tonight and please dont forget every Sunday we will be giving away $25 and sample products! Waiting 4 results
A perfect tweet RT Whatever the opposite of "yolo" is, I support that.
Still up chillin .. What's poppin
I will call you back when I get a chance.
Am I the only way who can't stand the Allstate ads' "mayhem" guy?
Town services at stake with $293K override - The Daily News of Newburyport
Yeah! Him LMAO
We took our after school youth to Freedom Plaza in D.C. last week so they could get a first hand experience. Very Memorable
We agree! MT : pay attention to It has it all: branding, storytelling, relevance, engagement, social ...
Poor kiddo's eyes are all red and puffy from his allergies. :( hopefully that benedryl will help him sleep.
Really appreciating Liz Berg's show on #wfmu this morning.
hehehe again... Who are you talking to? :-)
Creative Rebellion is now on Twitter!
- hook me up with some info on Mr. Kelly's talk - couldn't find it on LongNow or his homepage... must be exclusive?
good like that!
Listening to some great new companies at Zino Zillionare annual event - follow the buzz
I love the color, you are so pretty
[loudly] "I am a certified human being"
#BackInMiddeSchool dooney and burke bucket bags were the ish
re:beer I picked up some cage free brew. (organic honey basil beer)
Drinking Rwanda Tumba Cocatu brewed in the siphon... Delicious.
"Does it come in a can & can I sell it for $1.00" -- No one should EVER you this excuse.
Start your weekend with our 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar between 5-6pm! 5 appetizers to choose from for only $5 each!
can't wait for yall to come back up. Your niece should be here by then
cleveland. Have fun sleeping in us. See you tonight beautiful!
my trainer is a couple years older but it's the same brand. I bought it from a guy on Craigslist. Is yours pretty loud?
who has more followers now thug ? (;<
these numbers are overwhelming.
RT : Understand travel hotspots, plan in advance and make your journeys easier during the #london2012 Games....
Lambda Chi Alpha will be arriving at #AmericanU in less than a week! Have you scheduled your meeting yet?
thanks! talk to you soon
I've had this recurring nightmare the past few days. All I would like to do is have a pleasant dream for once.
If I could offer a word of advice to up and coming actors - beware of the many acting schools out there. Look them up and view their...
:o) MT : It's such a beautiful spring day. I think I'll sit indoors and pound the F5 key looking at $#%! that doesn't matter.
okay! Just let me know when!
Kaskade x Eyes
Do you think people were born fashionistas or developed style over time?
I'm a horrible friend ! I'll make sure I see next time
Wanna hang out at my old apartment? We can tear up the carpet, close the windows, turn on some fans, and let the mold take over our bodies!
it looked like a shooters gym lol.
thanks mom!
Aha yeah glad to know someone feels the same like me! I am working on mastering an updated version of that instrumental
All the blame falls on the coach's of those teams.
Other than being able to watch playoff hockey tonight, after flipping through channels I have concluded I do NOT miss cable TV.
What kind of music do you like? We need fan input? You may qualify for free mixes
where did you guys get the red and black pants or sweats?
What are the perspective on effective leadership behavior?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING MIND
Everyone I see is a soldier like me!!!
Just gotta get through today then
Need steel guitar recording? Check out my new website www.pedalsteeltrax.com
Happy Birthday to #BaltimoreRavens owner Steve Bisciotti
: maybe if you write something they will get it right posted via
Let me reiterate, I don't know every web page of the internet.
Also, I just want to thank my growing PLN for being so helpful over the past year. It has been one of the craziest in my life!
but not this kinda twitter!! It's just all about themselves! :P
does it scratch? & have you dropped your phone with it?
I have my Macbook, iPhone and iPad with me while I am having my morning bowel movement.
there's more than one way to love a girl
#SO ---> for the 50 (and counting) new followers
what? You may need to re-read that kiddo.
Happy Saturday. It's another actor day. Attending two workshops then a screening tonight.
#LAStageTalks Actors skip rehearsal if they get an under 5. Deidre says its ok cause they have to eat. Do u agree?
you doin anywhere else in IL??
...feeling a little blanchedalmond 2 day...
Just saw ... wow that was random 
Why was Erykah Badu from 1996 singing with on ?
Greetings from Portland, OR long time it seems since I was just on the roof at 9 News "Mile High" sharing my story. Hello Jack Maher!
Neither could I in 2000. Thought I'd be here for two years then go back to school. Life changed a little bit.
Yes, Jesus loves me!
think how exciting it would be to map and share some of those 185,000 Magnum photos through sepiatown.com - hint, hint.
Thanks for the mention!
Just another great day day in la summer time is here thank god
PAIN. Dude I'm probably not going to want it after a year of having it. HAHA.
@ sorry not yet but I will.
Does Missouri have scorpions
we had a blast! you guys were fab.
Try The Razzmatazz breakfast bowl: EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, Grilled Zucchini, Grilled Eggplant w/Toast 4 only $3.49!
Heading out with friends in OTR. Tomorrow will be the first day that I write the date incorrectly in a few months.
We never had one, but I would go.
That was AMAZING
Fuck Disney, The Electric Chapel is the happiest place on earth.
I wish there was a build-a-girlfriend...
Bag of Money - Rick Ross
You sound like you are a year away from shaking your fist and yelling out the window "Godamn kids!" Grandma Daniela
We do! Esp ecially if the weather is anything like today!
AMC Celebrating the conservation of 582 acres in PA Highlands, sponsored by Congressman Jim Gerlach.
We'll miss him and so will the kids of SE Little League - Paul Rinkulis has passed on. Its a sad day in the South End, Boston
whats good b how u doing
I think we'd get along. We're both outdoorsy types. And we've both killed many many bitches.
I don't ever wanna live a day without one or both of my parents.
Jessica Paré in L'Wren Scott looking like a golden goddess!!
what crash? Oh no …
Is there a link to the story or 2+2 thread on what happened?
thanks for bein such great friends !
I love Rihanna's new video where have you been! I can't stop playing it proud
i here you
sweet! glad you like it :)
Ah... insult comedy! you'd make Mr. Rickles proud. Sticks & stones... but we only accept blow jobs from hot babes.
Nerves are frayed. Jackass has been mowing his lawn with a defective mower for an hour. The struggling motor is driving me up the wall.
Feeling good and looking great!
Rep. Scott Hochberg sends out endorsements... no preference in his own race, but thumbs up for Sadler (Sen), Kirkland (Judge)
my god! That's a lot of shoes.
Then it's OK if you have never gotten venereal at said locations.
DON'T 4GET ABOUT BAD BOYZ
Hey look, is on twitter!
Breakfast is trulty the most important meal of the day.....if i dont eat it in the morning i'll eat it at night
Do not excuse poor officiating. These refs are having a horrible game (just like players can). They are not above criticism.
Very nice job opening for the Billy Corgan panel. Yay Minneapolis!
If you insist we keep it quiet Lauren I'll try my best! I just hope I can contain myself until then! Goodnight Luv!
We are going as fast as we can to make it to the Statehous. About five mile away
I guess it's just the idealist in me.
I believe the New yorker has more subs in CA then in NY
ugh i never did anything wrong to you
indeed. Thanks!
#WFSAScriptTip: what's your main characters favorite movie? Why?
Please come to my B-day Party on the 16!! Not only is it my birthday party for me but also for Jolie Vanier's, AND Justin Tinucci's AS WELL!
Is it bad that I'm crying cos there's no way ill be able to convince my parents to let me go to CA to see the boys
It's going to be so warm today, I think I'll open my window when I get home. Loving this mild weather!
SOME Guys cheat. SOME Girls cheat. SOME Guys are faithful. SOME Girls are faithful. So STOP BITCHIN' & LEARN HOW TO PICK 'EM BETTER!
Ever wonder what a private club for magicians is like? The new documentary gives a glimpse of the world famous
Still feeling like this I'm really scared of going to the ER again and repeating last year :(
No we talked about it in church on Wednesday
Sub'n in a double header for a Softball team in Gahanna.
Austin,you make me feel sad right now :(
looking forward to it
heads or tails?
I was like "damn... White tees tho!? Smh I gotta get my life together I'm not living right!"
true...although he does have a normal skin tone, so he gets bonus points
#1Dupdates2to100K GO GO GO!!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen after everything he's still the only person you can see yourself with.
what part of jersey? My buddy owns Golds Teterboro
Not cool at all.
Why Scottie Pippen got on white pants??? What is this Miami....
if I didnt have a meeting id skip it
if you're here and we're here, then they're here.
I don't really mind if it's over your head cause the job of resurrector's is to wake up the dead
that's cute (:
I like that you make albums and not just a dozen singles shoved together.
I love taking Aqua Fit class at the gym. It makes me feel so young.
What odds will someone give me that Lebron gets injured before the series ends? I need something to root for and it won't be the basketball.
Amazon got a little responsiveness going on in their nav. Snazzy!
!! Hope to see you at my album release/benefit concert for #Egypt! Tonight at #USC's Bovard Auditorium! Peace & much love!
Dear Lord. I'm going to grow old waiting for this elevator. Must locate stairs ASAP.
The show has started! :D And Small Talk is here hanging out. Come hang out with everyone too!
Playoff time in LA! What a finish to the PGA's Northern Trust Open!
Purdue playing 5 guards? Weird, but it seems to be working
The Pirate Bay: I was always taught to share my shit... but the minute someone doesn't earn a dollar off of it it's a crime.
Celebrate Dr. Seuss' Birthday w/ on March 3rd at #BkSq. FREE event w/ Games, Crafts, Story-Times & more!
Hmm, They seem to be debunking the "Water boarding theory" How sad the previous Admin. has only a controversial issue to claim as success.
RT : Does FullMoon affect people's behavior, you ask? Yup. It makes people think the FullMoon affects people's behavior
Hell yeah!!! I got a promo
kinda. We all go to the same school, and when he didnt recognize me, i gave him the revenge of love x)
She work hard for the money so hard for the money she work hard for the money so gangsta treat her right
I thought it was a killer who turned the power off...dads going to make sure no ones there...
Reluctantly using this again. Hello Twitter world!
Cher "You have balls!" Enough said.
That should be WORDS. My typing fingers aren't working too well today.
Stuck between a rock &d hard place
hey guys :)
Guys, I almost just died. A huge ass spider tried to murder me... 😳
Thanks to mean jean the chorus machine im at school on a half day
I'm not weird. I am adorably eccentric.
Just now hitting the hay and I don't mind one bit
my parents think its in my best interest
The weather is perfect!!!!
I would never use the word T-pain but yet my phone's predictive text has it listed. Fuck I just used it, well played phone, well played.
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving- food and football.
&uArr; Very Cool Mini DV Voice Recorder Watch the watchers
Yea, no luck. I'm going to try a different route. Hope his mom still has the same phone # she did when I was in the 9th grade.
lol love it!
Glad you're enjoying it! RT : Android app is amazing
": #HardWork" yep. I think was trying to kill me today lol
Back in beautiful lubbock.
if i eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla again i'll....eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla.
because, you are you.
TWIN TOWERS
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hello, everybody! We are pleased to post our first tweet today! Stay tuned for more updates. Camp is just 2 weeks away!
Know your danger zones and avoid them.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
"So Gone" by Monica
Tea parties and Twitter.
lol I know ): I was suppose to go! But I had so much prom stuff to do yday & wouldn't have been able to make it ):
Watching my princess singing my favorite ♬Revelation♬ "Paint the Town Red" Park!These kids are so wonderful!
yes it is but I only asked the question not a statement
Are there any YA novels with 7th Day Adventist &/or missionary kids, either set in the present or the past?
Bored anybody know of anything going on in LA fun tonite?
We all should go to las vegas!
Deadspin is reporting that you and Betty White are a couple.
Oh please, I'm sure it looks great!
hoping we win!!! 3rd in league would be mint!!!
can't tell you I'll show you later today though
who said we hate men??
About to head to shakas in about 3 hours, to play with life on repeat, and Us and Them come out tonight VB!
will email you it tomorrow
Nice work there for Weaver
Okay, I bombed my chemistry test...i think.
Keep up the good work a lot of people are following their dreams because of you, I am. Retweet? It'd mean a lot. Thanks, man.
Steak and Shake swag
“: #ConsciousCapitalism Why Do Women Who Want Change Agree With It?
Need more followers? FOLLOW they get you new followers in minutes!
let's make a deal :) I'll help you if you follow me :)?
It's been a crazy busy weekend. Lots of new posts to come this week...
You were first!? That's so awesome. Congrats
I honestly have not. #reebok, #addidas, #newbalance, many others, yes.
i love it too! I have it but only wore it once. I don't have the balls to wear it as often as i'd like :-( lol
I so need to be on your show...LOL
Lou Holtz is weird
they got this league games Tom, but let's do the damn thing weds
I was just hot and now im cold....
Everyone at school doesnt know what I go through . No one . Not even my best friend .
anyway to put a google gadget or netvibes widget on a page other than google or netvibes?
I find it incredibly strange that my two favorite singers in the whole, wide world share a birthday. Happy Birthday and !
Man auto correct really messes up my snoop dogg language
the figs? Only because Savers of the Universe is a little too wordy.
don't make fun of me because i'm real and you're fake.
Pro 3:7 Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.
My mom is so addicted to winning tickets from the radio she's won once again and she is too juiced....smh
Great day for SUP boarding!
Everyones got at least ONE plaid shirt they rock once and a while.
Lunch break
“It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.” ― Harry S. Truman
at the task force first public meeting in Martinsburg
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Passing Bayonne, New Jersey. Thanks for nothing, you whore.
No you wont! Don't say that!
‎"Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde (I love stealing quotes :) )
I can't Make You Love Me, but it doesnt mean my heart wont still be set out for only you<3
On plane to MKE. Wanted to take pic of my former Atlanta airport hang: smoking room. Didn't have one on my concourse. Damn!
in the #final4 i will be pulling for.... west virginia?
lol ya I feel ya we have kids too damn little cock blockers!
In theology we seek the implications of a particular viewpoint for the whole theological system and aim for as much coherence as possible.
Well yes you did :)
WE WON THE OLYMPICS
Well, I suppose if you're dancing, stretching *is* warming up.
RT Hey followers, tell your followers that (Positive thinkers n conscious creators of their realities) exist. Follow now!
U in bro?? Is it true. God is good.
If Paul pierce wants an ejection on that foul he's an even bigger bitch than I thought
Another round of thank yous for the birthday wishes! You're all awesome!
I asked for mellow, but Everybody Hurts by REM is pushing it too far.
RT : amazing to be asked, time and again, what are your ideas for digital projects and how can we help?
Registration is boring as hell >:/ there barley calling # 212 and I'm # 269 this is bullshit >:/
Getting ready for day 3 of GLS and RezEd. Breakfast on the Terrace sure is a nice way to start the day.
Not really, hate rejection. Confidence is off lately.
Hey , its OMER. The PARTY starts 2nite @ MYHOUSE + a special event at KRESS Saturday. Want to come? Reply YES 4 details
Def going to see it this wk. <3 RT Speaking of which, my former Mania co workers get on it!
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
thank you! We're doing really well....life moves quickly but that's kind of expected w four kids! :) happy to hear from you!
If I can help one father or future father from making the mistakes I did, my tweets are successful.
Can't wait to hear about your trip!
some are real estate focussed but no, mainly general fun facts from New question every day.
RT : swimming is an amazing exercise before during and after pregnancy!
Just wanting to talk to Mr Farmer... But never answers his fucking phone! Lol
"by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you: deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass.."
FF# - respected networking group of female go-getters! Glad we were able to host their event this week at Cafe Japengo!
Bird's Nest - Herzog & De Meuron in China.
Can I add a item menu on my android phone?
After all is said and done, more is said than done. - Aesop
In West Philadelphia Born And Raised On The Playground Is Where I Spent Most Of My Days-
Very informative session on #PR measurement and #crisiscomm. Thanks , time to research the Barcelona Principles!
at least one was maced, two arrested (word on the street)
Just turned in all my stuff @ bestbuy. Excited about starting with Apple next week!
I miss your face.
New poll: Brian Krakow or Jordan Catalano?
RT Going to nashville next week to shoot a video, what a great town.
Hi Dana!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
": Don't let people that don't even know you, define you."
cant sleep gotta finish this beat!!
It's Official, Mad Anthony will perform at Taste of Cincinnati!
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf the only thing you ever tweet is retweet this and get 200 followers. It's freaking annoying. Stfu.
RT Did Canadian hockey team go too far? Ask AP's Greg Beacham during 30-minute chat, 3p EST/ 12p PST TODAY. Use
Which McCoy Jersey will you be sporting? Case or Colt!
The Curious Queso Benjamin Button
Today is the day! will be from 9-3 at union station. You can come and register for FREE throughout the whole day. Come network!
And competition in provision of games in most genres. In any event, it's a fascinating set of questions. Kal and I mention . .
Don't know what i'd do without music, I'd be getting ready in silence..
When the Steelers are doing this poorly, our house sounds like it has a bad case of Tourette's Syndrome.
Interesting licensing parallels and differences btw Claremont Coll & 5 colleges. Contiguous campuses & wealth seems to help argument.
lmao the world we live in
Happy Easter! May love and love ones surround you today.
Taco Wars!
Next year, hopefully. Any plans to come to NYC anytime soon?
Virgins(of age) shud b raped & forced to try sum drugs!so they can b brought down a few levels!& b in reality!!
twitter tryna tell me I am already following , don't you think I don't know what I've done in like 23 hrs of having a twitter
Q5)Curation can be used to point people in the right direction for what they need and the message that the org is trying to portray
"YES:-) : PSA: Mother's Day is 3 days away"
yes exactly! It's a very sad situation. The tribute yesterday was really beautiful and rightfully so. Her sons are both LEO's.
i </3 my stage nerves D8
had a blast chatting with you!!
Right. “: If a relationship can withstand putting up a Christmas tree, it can withstand anything. Right ?”
When something an affliction happens to you, you either let it defeat you, or you defeat it
are you going to sweetlife tomorrow?!
hahaha man it just finished. Good movie. The pictures were insane!!
#edchat #engchat researching effect of summer programs in urban areas esp n regards to reading initiatives suggestions of programs or ideas
Yeah, after being slammed for taking 2 PG's in a row, they now look like geniuses! take notice of the Wolfie LOVE!
DAM DIDINT KNOW IT HAD TO BE LIKE THAT
yep. Trying a vegan thing.
In a room full of hillbillies -.- haha
RT“ Alright, I'm done with this game. Just wait till some idiot wants to rep the Pacers at school. Oh boy.”
Q4 RedCross blood drive registration work and AIDS Walk (ATL) fundraising helped me perfect "elevator pitch."
"Advice is the only commodity on the market where the supply always exceeds the demand."
have compassion for your own mistakes
All 3 of my kids are making fun me for calling coupons cue-pons instead of coo-pons but I can't help it because I grew up hearing it wrong
On to discussing criteria for knee exams and when you decide to x-ray them.
Rondo. Playoff triple-double. Typical.
Funny how alot of you guys changed from a 'belieber' to 'directioner'
There will always be lesser or greater persons, do not compare. Enjoy your achievements.
