Haven't tweeted or checked Twitter in days. What did I miss?
<------ Is spending her prep period outside in the grass.
The only thing you need to do is what you want to do. Do it! Now go run Camelback Mountain.
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!! :)
Baby, ima be your motivation.
The trend of slide show rankings or lists is the worst thing to happen to journalism since
I know! Some friends of mine found him in an old school year book. Haha. Good ol' glencoe!
Ok, how cool is this: some seats at Petco Park have a computer that lets Padres fans surf the Internet, or order food from their seats!
Saturday morning, cats are fed, wife is back home. I'm a happy bear.
How about the Chicago posse on #TopChef Dominating the cast. Chicago is the greatest food town in the country. End of story... Period!
Thanks to all who ordered my book! Amazon just shipped it last night.
she's gonna be like follow me 😲😱
“: By hating on Selena you don't know that you're disrespecting Justin.”
Where shall I cruise for cock tonight?
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
To overanalyze the source of aptitudes greatly diminishes the mystery and beauty of all our abilities.
How can you miss someone "so bad" before they were even in your life...?
yes at Capitol music hall from 4-7 topic getting business unstuck networking hour first
I'm dying to see #ThisMeansWar ...I'm thinking #ValentinesDay date with my girlfriends!
I get to go to costa rica next spring break. woohoo :D
fun concept with Fancru. I wonder how brands get involved?
Twitter contest begins in two hours for 2 tickets to Sunday's #Colts game against Titans!
Cause when you're done with the world, you know the rest is up to you, and for once in my life it was quiet.
Why is the definition of #popclickswitch in Arabic? Is this the sound that twitter makes before it explodes? Are we being hijacked? WTF!!
Nice, enjoy!
Having just taken instagram for a spin, I don't see what the fuss is. I've been using apps that do far more years ago on android.
Live long and prosper!//RT : Happy Birthday, Spock! Leonard Nimoy turns 81 today. RT to spread the cheer!
cincy, lets get it represent
Greg Jamison "For me personally it is really exciting (to own the Coyotes)"
Which Party favors coercive measures like taxation, regulations, mandates?
"I seriously think people mistake facebook status updates as their diary"
I do it! I just make sure I'm covered. Kids gotta eat!
FYI we don't do coaching via twitter. 140 characters of coaching is not what we are about. Coaching is done on the phone.
In need of a joint
Looks like GOP senators didn't get the message from #voters in NY 26. Scott Brown did by voting no on #medicare cuts. Many may lose in '12.
Only family could tell me what a shame it is that I have such a pretty face but I'm not skinny at all, and not get punched. ((sigh))
Thank you the RTs and mentioning my post
Kids all practicing instruments tonight. Bass clarinet, euphonium, and piano. Sweet sounds all around - even if some are not quite notes!
I'll love u right, I will... I'll love u like no one has ever ever made ya feel..
so what are we doing tomorrow?
No matter what obstacle is in front of you, you should always tackle it head on, or jump over it.
get that jui$e!
That's great! Who's your fave Super 8 character apart from Joe Lamb?
"Your ex girlfriend and your girlfriend hanging out together? Oh yeah, that can only be good for you."- Raj
Grass-finshed vs. Grain-finished... do you know the difference?
Thank you everyone for all the birthday shout-outs!
lawd that was one of the longest emails EVER!!!
SHUT UP MCCARVER....
The WNBA draft
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Vinyl Lip Shine The ultimate, of-the-moment women's wear. Extreme shine. Glass-like finish. Lightweight.
You burn an average of 26 calories for everyone minute that you kiss someone
Follow Back ?:)
One wing to rule them all! :p
fighting. stress.
I've been pretty lazy... playin Xbox :)
Im in Rapids right now - hanging with Rotarians and promoting the book! Maybe we'll pass each other on Hwy 51 tomorrow.
I get to sit here and do nothing in class all day.
I love my job!! I swear i meet the most hilarious ppl!
Another crazy Saturday night lined up...get in early and stay late!
Cuz you just don't know when those might come in handy? ^RL
I am officially a believer.
Must have 3-5 years asbestos/toxic tort litigation experience to provide support to attorneys in all phases of asbestos litigation.
All my stalkers was in the club 2 nite wtf I need 2 switch my spot because Mf's b all in my shyt damn. ..smh
Welcome my new followers! , , , and :)
RT : Great to see at for last night's #WOSup!
cheap ass store wouldn't me return these headphones.now what
Seems like a blast! And the runners have flags to grab too. Love it!
well feel better! You me and chris are gunna do something next week!
There isn't a single person who thinks that current edu system is working. - cathy davidson paraphrased by
I told her if I change , she won't get a penny.
So yeah, get one of these sweet vinyl for free when you attend our Vinyl Release Show tmrw @ TheBoweryElectric. 7:30pm drs w/ special guests
Yup! Coming to town?
If it's Grape Big League Chew, you're on. Gotta do a wedding on Sat (not mine, don't worry), taping zee Executioner.
he's just waiting to get the NL right where he wants them...
I really hope the weather is at least dry for my showing in Tijeras on Friday. My life would be easier if my buyers loved adobe abodes!
jinx, you owe me a coke mofo
defensive plans are coming together! You are the best!
Life is like swimming...you think you want to ease yourself in but it's eventually too painful. Just drive in and the shock leaves quickly!
I want you.
im already going home :(
alien?! Ugh I don't know 😖
Send Music Video submissions to ----->>>
As #Thanksgiving approaches, get your turkey fill early with a $14.95 3 course turkey dinner at Lillies!
currently working an office deal in NW Houston - any insight to current concessions along NW Fwy? thanks!
Doesn't complain
Heading to seattle
is that your hair?!?
Speaking on Top Ten Tech Trends for Event Managers at MPI MidAmerica. Promo video coming tomorrow!
I think you forgot a few of the ad-lib parts, might want to revise it.
Thanks for the follow, keep spreading beauty!
I get McLachlan'd at LEAST once a week by some "unfortunate" person
whats your number
LinkedIn profile = public marketing. Resume = specifically for role consideration.
Your becoming so Big, so freaking fast! Ahh, So proud of you!!! I love you!(: <3
Pissssed to the max
Rock it in San Fran MuteMath!!!!! You guys ROCK!!!!!!! The spotlight is ours!!!!!!
let's talk bitches comoon
To those staying in Madison for the summer, REGISTER TO VOTE for the June 5th election! To those of you who aren't, VOTE ABSENTEE!
Thank you for allowing us this opportunity! Great Program you have!
Hey I love man who's not afraid to show his feelings! God love Marquise.
There's a line that separates Nike commercials from being inspiring and aspirational to purely depressing. I have crossed that line.
Who want to Kick it Today I only have three Days Left before I have to be Gone for 4 Months ) :
#Smash is on tonight! Getting my jazz hands ready! LOVE me some song, dance, and Thespian drama!
" I'm so ugly :( " Then why did you upload 120 pictures in an album called... "Me'' ?
You were the one who knew what I was, who I am and who I wanna be.
when u gonna drop it? What u got on it?
Bar mitzvah time with some Phunkers
worlds collide! (hi)
plz go follow she follow back ;D
what u havin trouble wit my dude???
I'm lost for words
Testing to see if this tweet also shows up on our Facebook page...
Ladies, some guys are always casting for someone to play the fool, make sure you’re not auditioning! (:
Book giveaway when we reach 4000 followers. Follow to enter to win! Re-tweet to spread the word!
“Never look down on anybody unless you are helping him up.”
Pretty much. Except you need a AJAX to see it, and their JavaScript != always working/error free. So like a corrupted dir! ha
Hahaha It tired me out too. Thanks for being a great shrink ! See you girls later!
Absolutely not!! But I would take him in the upper tier of current QBs. Not the 2nd tier. That's just my opinion.
Got up & came to class when I really didn't want to, just to learn we will only b taking a college-wide survey. 😲😡
Your all dumb idiots. Plaxico is going to either the yankees or the Knicks
what up Sophy? I just got this. I thought u sent it awhile ago. That idea was on the house so make it happen!!!
When you let an author write his own disclaimer you get, "No person, place, or exact situation in this book ever existed on earth before."
Listening to Pink Friday, her best album. Idk what Nicki was thinking what her new album... just plain fuckery.
im gonna fail my biology test tomorrow :-)
Nice1 take your mojo and new beads and work some magic! I'd love to see what you make.
congrats greg!
And a new battery??
I just don't care about certain things anymore.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous best friend, !
If a Thunder player wants to get in Metta World Peace's head, make sure you take a bungee cord.
The most gorgeous Russian man right in front of me ugh
I can't believe we r still speaking. Lol. I have ur email half done. I just can't focus ling enough to complete it. 3 kids
RT Congrats to AJ!! You are now a Viking! All the best my man!
Have a great day folks they got me driving the garbage truck today how fun
:-) He's my best pal. If anyone says anything bad about him, they'll have to deal with the Greek :-)
Hamilton park >>>>>
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont
Well See you there girly , & you'll be a sophomore right ? & You know that's my bf right ? haa .
I predict a tigers 2012 repeat as AL Central Champs
you can't afford school, go work at mc d's? allowing only people who can pay upfront in the door...
I wish my life had background music playing at all times.
harvest red
Okay... One half down & UK is up 7. My prediction is UK wins by 16. is gonna come back & show out!!
Well Savannah Marie Maestas-Molina is calling Angelina Monique Santistevan A LIAR ;b
Went to #AAM2012 with an armful of questions. May not have come back with answers, but at least have better questions now.
Rotfl! Dude we were so high. That shit was so much fun.
Yeah that's why I didn't remember fighting it! I got KO'd
not funny.
The story's in SKELETON CREW. When I read it, I laughed out loud more than once. (O_O)-b
As rough as ive ever had in a circuit day. But I want congratulate
that was my choice too, only a few other players have had rookie seasons like his (LeBron, Oscar Robertson, CP3, etc)
I mean, they're SO loud. And they're all like "get out of my way, I'm so important" all the time.
You are going to feel SO much better!!!
watched #stayalive last nite for 100th time. You were reason I started watching #oth .. thanks for your work in both
"we do share a common vision for this area, and we share a common set of values" Provost Garber
what happen to are shoot
No blog or website just this twitter account which is new to me. I do have account at Facebook but I don't use it much.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on beauty:
And H has EoE, so that makes allergies more confusing and complicated.
So there's this Snicker bar that's been hanging in the freezer for...ohh idk...maybe a wk now? Yeah. It's mine if it doesn't vanish soon...
Why are you raining on me bloomington!?
totally off topic, but can anyone keep up with ? She was in #tchat before this!
Thanks for listening Jade!!
2012 The M Card Changes Everything.
what do you feel makes better than reg. discussion boards? Just ui?
how is your laptop doing?!
NO I AM NOT GONNA CALM DOWN
RT : Italian vintner who asserted to carabinieri that my smashed car was my fault was Signore Innocento.
I think Im the only one who isnt absolutely in LOVE with this pick. He'll end up as a RT or LG IMO. RT : you going with bulaga here?
Big announcement coming today
Yeh I've just been more M.I.A. recently but thanks for checking up on me :)
now I'm just trying to get into the fortress of Butler.
I hate the iPhone
“: Forgot to mention this sooner but Matt Ryan was pretty special in the second half. Huge comeback for ATL.”
let's just say i'm checking for snares outside of our bedroom
Uh oh.. David Stern is not liking that his team is losing this badly.
Nothing makes me more happy than when people tell me I should be on Glee :')
ARGH, if only I had $500 to burn for tolls, hotel and 's Petja-palooza!
I shall get a pick me upper tomorrow. Hopefully!!!
perusing through submissions. spitballing page layouts for first issue. a glass of wine would complement this process.
Feliz cumpleaños RT I'm 31 today. I'm tattooed in a purple dress. Rain can't touch me.
Hope you all had a nice weekend.
Unless you're trying out being a roller derby girl, tattoo artist, anime character, etc. I'd hire you!
happy birthday 😊
About to rock out to some Lucero at cannery and yes there is a lot of plaid
can't wait 4 the weekend
Guys Disgust me they treat they women Like a Logo . But I can treat em betta Why tha fuck you think Im homo<3 - Royalty
You're more likely to be elected President of the United States than win the lottery tonight.
It's pretty great seeing simultaneous updates from friends in both Des Moines and St Louis St Patrick's Day parades.
Thanks! We took cover at work but everything turned out OK. I guess one touched down 5mi away though. Yikes!
Had a nice flight with Between the Lines host Godspeed good sir.
#embarrassing RT : when you cried when you couldn't go to the mariah concert
At the International Beauty Show at the Jacob Javits Center in NYC
same place huh?
Nothing big. They just turned in great pages and made a bunch of really smart blackboard comments. But it made my day.
Don't you just love it when your own family members fuck you over.
I've got my *fingers crossed* the rumors are true that ABCFamily is interested in #TheSecretCircle. It would be amazing if they were YAY! :)
God can give you whatever you need to make a difference for your new year.
It's 's birthday! Follow her and tell her how happy you are she was born!
Happy #WorldTheaterDay - see a play & support the
u finally told my brother? ....... At leAst my brother doesn't post the conversation on Facebook like urs did to me >.< lol
Amidst the busiest I've been as a filmmaker, I'm about to launch a brand new company with my wife. It has nothing to do with film. #Soon!
#IAlwaysWonderIf your thinking about me.
going shopping tomorrow :] so excited ♥
Appreciate everyone that came out today
SMSC Strengthens Consumer Electronics Connectivity Leadership with Digital Broadcasting Radio Relationship
fighter pilot after crashing his fighter jet into a building, "I'm sorry I landed in your backyard sir."
Belated but still most sincere Tx for SO's this past week. Just cathing up but wanted to say HI and TX (again)
Ok... Haha I'm bored, just got back from the Tri-Cities.(:
I saw a lot of Bum Bitches at the Zoo today
Reserve game day! ⚽
and we'll really live it up...
Why does the login page of twitter look so professional.....?
on my way!!! I'm about a half hour away from getting to mifflin.
yup! as designed. haha.
How are those resolutions coming along? We can help! $125 Jet peel, Microcurrent and LED ($325 value) $99 IV Therapy
Good one here....
Call her beautiful, not hot. She's a woman, not a temperature.
Hey all my California friends! Looking for recommendations on hotels near San Diego.
I just touched down back at home... And I'm bored.
"Love Your Freedom, Thank A Vet"
Just drove pass a nigga cuttin grass at midnight....lmao
I'm going out tonight with the crew. I'm drinking Gatorade in preparation.
@ the Library: we close in 15 minutes! yay! thanks to all the #saturdaylibrarians who entertained me today.
Couples haircuts, lunch @ Moby Dicks, a mantinee, a little window shopping...what's next?
Just as I have said with your personal Font book… if you have a smart phone, you should have Pantone swatches with/on you.
Thx! : RT : Interesting how despite the fact that change is the only thing we can count on that we're also...
We need all of the help we can get tomorrow for Easter! If you can help volunteer just show up at 9am!!
Thrilled to be launching into 's talk, "Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy."
do you need soy sauce with that brown rice? #yellow fever line
What a great way to start my day. Cartoons, Lucky charms, & no one home as always to bug me.  #Life'sGood
Crabtree? RT : Woodson? RT "Nick is the 2nd most tattooed player on the Packers." Who's got more? Colledge?
alex says it too..thats where i got it from lololololol
Hawks better beat Toronto tonight or else I'm punching babies!
Chilling on my roof as soon as I get home (:
small headache..
bord at the house
Am I seriously crying?
THATS A SENSORY TABLE
WORST GAME EVER.
Unfortunately u could do better then that
I just sent you an email, Dan :) ()
I also take credit for saving the auto industry.
I am starving! Does anyone know of a good place to eat lunch at? I'm getting real cranky without food in my belly!
I feel like going to Grandma's.
So. Nurse sent me home cause if my eye. Doctor at 11
Today is Fr1Day :)
I am planning on staying another year where I live & attending college in fall I really have a desire to get my degree have 66 sem hours
feels like that's right Cindy.
we are aghast! But we understand - desperate times call for desperate measures :)
- hey Jesse, thanks for following us ( #Kayuhbicycles)
hahahahahaha I have no more tests!
Producing "life in arms" new single for Japan...
Then get busy and do it sir :-)
Pretty box is sexy but what yall think bout designer vagina?
Just saw CitW today and it was a hoot. Maybe even a hoot and a half!
RT : and more have representatives attending this Saturday's build!...
Been noticing it in the kiwi as well.
I know, and I found out WAY too late about that box set AND record store day (thinking of saving and throwing down on ebay).
yeah I am, BIG time, like it's all hitting me like a ton of bricks full force. :/
that's too funny...their top center down and two rookies are their best players...but it's the coaches fault...smh
What of cell phones were circles?
You are my hiding place and my shield; I hope in Your word. Psalm 119:114
I prefer Sparrowburger... a little less gamey.
It's getting terribly predictable that he can pivot many times per jump-stop. RT Would love to get clarification on how ...
Nice one Correia. Ugh.
Wow, i'm really glad u like it! i really appreciate ur amazing support!!! :)
today my Birthday ... so far i hate it but can u plz follow me
Love your web PAC landing page
"Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace." -Psalm 37:37
Achievement results from work realizing ambition - Adam Ant
HA! or The Voice (whenever that's on)
. Panhandler sitting by your front door can't be good for business.
And I kno, we need get all fucked up like good old times.xD you got me used to drinking.c,:
Hubby loves his camera and hipstamatic, and I shoot on boring old iPhone camera
I have...a....nvm I don't have anything);
If Utah loses both the Suns are in without needing to beat San Antonio.
I'm not scared of the fall. I've hit the ground before.
Half price drinks from 7-8:30 if you say "Habersham" to the bartender when you come in. It's our #socialmedia special!
Thanks, you too!
#vaumc11 Pensions report and recommendations: Once again, thankful for gifted detail people.
Where can I find your work at??
worst day ever:(
Atlanta in March, and I have the A/C on. Huh?
it makes me feel creepy all over
i love silly romance movies haha
Brangelina has got engaged!
Did you stop by the Student Services Fair today? What did you think? Were you lucky enough to score some freebies?
soon to be 18!?
Benson Honda Having Trouble Keeping Honda CR-Vs On Their Lot
and I don't have credit to text back
well he used to listen to aaron carter and lil bow wow religiously so tell him to get over himself haha
Samplesaint is currenlty working on deals with several major retailers to offcer great money saving coupons. More to come soon
What's your gate code Ma? I'm here
Bottom line is you the finest gave you a new name my bitch
Do people get heart cancer?
If there ever was a heaven on earth it was New Orleans. If there never was a heaven on earth I’mma make it New Orleans
on this William Shatner party: "This is what death is like."
Traffic signals not working at southbound I-225/Colfax offramp.
I read mostly kindle books on my kindle fire, but have both nook and kindle apps on the iPad, as well as a few others
but wait, hercules and love affair is amazing.
#now playing Black keys-the only one
#BestPerformanceEver the joker in batman
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
After a day off reading & writing in La Crosse, we biked on the Great River Trail through Trempealeau National Wildlife reserve.
Damnn.. My mom just texted me to tell Me what da judge said .. If he fucks up again at the rehab he gettin 5 years in jaill.. Damn.
Bad news bears :/
We're having too much fun to tweet.
I wish I liked coffee...
#actually it's really shitty I would start puking
Throughout integrating science and art and their native cultures. Using a "Who Am I?" science+culture+language+art approach
Just took my dog out in a silk bath robe that looks like a kimono, a puffy north face jacket, and two right foot flip flops.
Why can't I make my bg a gif image, twitter?!
Ah! I need to go to sleep but not tired yet! Lol I tried #SHOULDERSHINE & #TOETAPPY together! Not too hard! Lol its fun!
“: The fear of suffering is worst than suffering itself #TheAlchemist” ah......
Thanks to everyone who hung out with me on Ustream tonight! Had a blast :) <3 you all! -Chris
Not 100% sure that's what it was. There were ticks, flu-like symptoms, & antibiotics. Erred on the side of caution.
Likewise, thank you! We're launching our new website and private beta with colleges and organizations next month.
hit my line jo i cant find u in dha hotel fo nun bro
I am happy that avoided (purposefully?) full flash sites.
good context for church bank debacle; missed the angle about the role of the mother church; nice job though
ha! Not exactly.We did more walking than running since we were with a group walking/running for a charity. Next yr I'm running!
Rushing only really saves you around 4 or 5 minutes. lol
Scandal - I love good television writing.
Say what you want about the WWE,1000 episodes is damn impressive for fake rasslin'! I started watching it when it was the regional WWWF.
Anyone interested in writing my religion 331 paper for prof Cain? Any takers?
the ankle wasn't even associated with the ladder...hahaha
aint that the truth! Well everybody at CG is never themselves so thats probably why their not out
Score 21-13. Rivers and company have 2:19 to score again before going into halftime.
those were the retweets by peter king yesterday...wish you were back in KC
Top o tha mornin to ya! :)
Me without you, that sounds impossible.
Ok tweeters.. I guess I'll announce the news now rather than later...are you ready ?
Five Great Things To Do In Kazakhstan | Guest Travel Writers
I would like to announce that I have accepted the General Manager position at smart wrap in Phoenix Az.
I am there! #mkebrunch RT : Sounds perfect! RT Sunday in 5 words: Brunch, flea market, Mad Men.
lmao. good stuff
Congrats, Amy!!! great pics, beautiful!
Mike and Mike acted like teenage girls who didn't get their way. Bo was all class/professional.
And with diabetes in particular, dietary changes and exercise can go a long way toward helping to ameliorate its symptoms.
"Are you irish cuz my penis is Dunlin!!". Lol
; I hope you get better (;
Killer Q Guitar Straps is now on Twitter!
I love this girl
Happy Belated Birthday Christopher, I can't believe your 27, weird!
Cook For Your Mom, and For The Cure®, This Mother&#39;s Day
Im back yaaaah
Four mile sunrise run on the beach of Tel Aviv - not a bad way to start the day!
RT : I thought the Bedlamites were actual monkeys in disguise. (that's a secret you guys)
When I win the lottery, the first quilting thing I'm going to buy is my own quilting store & the cadillac of Berninas!
only on a phone or other sort of mobile device though?
I will actually be in Chicago for a few days after Christmas I will make sure I give you a ring:)
he learned from the best, what an idiot
I can't wait hopefully I can get to one of the shows
Follow the infamous
Back to work tomorrow :(.
leaving for south by so what! i cant wait to see oh. and little random fact, i cannot drink a whole 40 of steel reserve.
Just won a free boquet of flowers from in NYC. Woot Woot!
hahah, we should start producing songs
Time to chat , who do you think Wins the show next week?
I don't think my mother has ever truly appreciated my sarcasm. She can blame my father for that one.
Go Big Blue!!!
That's so nice! love to hear that. :: Thanks, Ralph!
To those at school today.... Enjoy
I was wrong -- CCD enrollment-by-grade data are actually two years old.
RT RT : : "no solution to the problems of the Nuba w/o connecting it to the war in Darfur" |
Thanks, I'll pass that along to him!
So im sitting at tge bar in this thai restaurant and i feel like the bartender is really cool...but i have no idea what she's saying to me.
I'll be there!!
"Love. Love is the beginning, middle and end." Such inspiring words for a soap dish.
i hear you. Glad these games sandwich my son's own 2 games today. Otherwise, would be complete couch action here too.
Gym Class Heroes tix every afternoon this week w/ HINT: today's giveaway is between 3-4pm..
text me nikka
GB day :) #bestfriends for 15 years! I feel truly honored to have these girls in my life.
Seconded. RT : On the stereo: 's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
haha. is that a polite way of saying "you are a jerk?"
My mentions are dead! talk to me!! about anything.
Today honestly couldn't get worse
keep it up! RT : Hundreds gathered to tell that we want them to put people over profits
Thank you feel free to follow
damn right son. Hope you've learnt not to date girls that are GU. I want to know I've taught you something!!!!
it's about time you hit the employee store!
hey were having a party on Saturday you should come
was cut day the beach episode?
she should have totally taken us with her! lol
Crazy, right?
Follow for Follow! :)
SHOUT OUT?
the nba is 99.5% black people. #perfect :)
Abs and thighs so tight right now, fEels so good! Now what's for lunch???
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution. -Bertrand Russell
I'm going to go wash my hands for the last 10 minutes
you wish
were did the love go?
Lottery officials said early Saturday morning the winning $640 million ticket was sold in
Fuck the Capitals.
pass der like three times in my life but never been der but always been curious on how it looks inside
Its almost friday :)
Just heard about Schimmel. The man beats cancer and then BANG... car crash. You never can tell. Life may be weird, death is weirder.
No idea how is going to survive 4am-2pm retail shift followed by 6pm-6am police shift. #christmasmiracle ?
Happy 26th Birthday
#ChampagneMarathon TONIGHT Djs/LIBRAS/ Ladies ALL FREE before 11pm!! Come party at #618liveonwater YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS!!!
Summer is quickly approaching. If you eat Fit2Go and read this article on “5 Minutes to Flat Abs” you will be ready in no time!...
give thanks
Love me some twitter...
with these three words, I am Inspired! Thanks, Jonathan! Your Annual Report is my creative reading content this afternoon.
Its not whether you get knocked down; its whether you get up.
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
I just got the coolest Plan B skateboard from A1skateboards.com. Check out their skateboards.
I hate when guys say "will you go out with me" like where are we going out to
RT : I'm looking at nabbing another podcasting rig… Rebel T2i with an EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8. What do you guys think?
Physics | Isha Home Insurance
I find the history confusing... AdBusters coined OWS, AFAIK. Where did anarchists come in? Or was that AdBusters's angle?
Only two weeks into season and already "beleaguered" well describes #RedSox manager Bobby Valentine.
does anyone on here use skype?
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
not sure
Thai big ass block you have for a phone
I have finally understood what it means to step into my creation. Today I have taken that step .
Let's Go Mavs!!! Lay the smack down on LA!
I may not be the prettiest girl around but I sure am a sight for sore sore eyes .
Watch out , my sister is bringing her in-laws to Madison shortly! Wish we were joining!
#realtalk RT : Say no to drugs. Say yes to tacos.
We all have setbacks in our yesterdays. But your past doesn’t define your future. Today is a new day.
don't be so defensive. She was making a fair point about larger discussions. Not just you.
good morning mermaid fans!!! If you were a mermaid what would you be doing todyay?? I know I would be in th Carribian Sea frolicing
you guys make some awesome pickles! 2-4 weeks isn't soon enough!
Thank you, I hope you have a fun filled weekend!
It's either that or Jerseylicious. RT : #Bulls at #Knicks. Rose is back. Do I dare watch this?
Go donate some money, go follow them, go like their Facebook page and listen to their mother fucking music!
oyyyee papiii! come get a little closer.. and bite me en la boca ;)
Hoping a little #HotChip and #EddieVedder will get me going this morning. Coffee isn't working.
I wonder how big the #supermoon is going to be
All u gtta do is say da magic word
WATS UP? :D
shout out to the birthday boy
RT : I noticed Shaunie never talk her business on #Bbw< Nope sho don't
NGD was such a success this year that next year we're adding another room! Thanks to sponsors & for the great support
S/O to the new follower. :)
MI people: you can all thank me. Florida liked me so much, it followed me home. :)
No, I would not like you to straighten my hair in the middle of the mall.
#FF local business groups
Who I'm following and/or would like to be followed by:
140 characters. Seriously? I've got luggage tags that are longer than that? Does that mean I have to write without vowels? Grt.
interesting question. my solution so far has been to send people to other sources to verify. haven't thought about internal change
Thank you very much Alli! We are honored. Hope to see you again soon.
thanks for the RT lady!
then that is what you must do. Go forth my child! ;)
"It's difficult to innovate when it takes 5 years to change course" -Scot Copeland
Everyone...don't forget to vote today. It may be a primary but it will sure set the tone for the general election in June.
Thank you for providing me right. You only wanted to be with Emery. I never ignored you.
Honesty is the best policy.
Team Thomas received a warm and welcoming response from residents in Langston/Carver.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
West End 2153 (New Bula Venue/Art Space) tonight w/ Such Gold. See you there.
they plot to band together to battle my cats
#Bizforum my fav aspect is 's "I'm up to something" grin
I listened to all 14 of 's tracks in one sitting and didn't realize it...without fast forwarding...so refreshing
Will you stop saying you like a song's tempo until the chorus kicks in. IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE!!!
Another speaker announced - Jaime Simler, Deputy Director, Office of Energy Market Regulation, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
Tommy wrap party!!! @ Maggiano's Little Italy at The Grove!!
RT : Q5) What are some ways an org could use curation to enhance learning and performance?
YAY!! Thank You I would love to hear Live it Up by Lee DeWyze, Fade into Me by David Cook and A Dream of My Own by ToHaveHeroes!
Just waved at a car that i thought was .... It wasnt... X
RT : The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
I would if I didn't have an 8 hr shift ahead of me........................ Imagine me banging my head on the seat
I love how when I retweet to much, twitter stops functioning properly for me.
What are meetup groups and tweetup groups just wondering???
They rock!! RT : So are now playing the , Podstar, Touchdowns show at The Bottleneck. Nice.
If you're not watching 's analysis of this important health care decision on #CNN, you're missing really important insight.
Blessed to see another day!
thanks for following!
British accents, fascinating. Australian accents, extremely annoying.
Identify the physical hazards associated with animal control and their protective measures .
YES, there is a guy walking around in a hot dog suit
Welcome to Rip City, !
Mitt Romney has won Iowa by 8 votes. amazing.
lol! thx for the s/o =)
Apple's iPhone 5 release date will be... - Computerworld (blog)
Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
todays not just an emotional day for austin, this is effecting us mahomies too, seeing austin living out his dream brings me to tears.
Don't forget my special of $10 off your bottle of A.C.E. now through December 19th!! That's $50 instead of $60!!
Off to Wild Waves and Sky High soon! Gonna be a blast with all my friends, I can't wait! =) <3
S/o to we live in da kitchen jus me nd my BAND...all up in 950
Dont miss on the Peoples Choice Awards Wed Night on CBS
Off to school:/ hope it goes good #almostfriday!:)
Thanks for the outstanding real-time commentary of the actual events taking place @ LCD last nite...what a RAD show!!!
Learning to be content in all situations. Not accepting all, but appreciating and growing.
because the NL can't afford dedicated pinch runners on their rosters like AL teams can. NL has more subs due to no DH.
Hey there. Good to see you on here.
I trust you will feel right at home.
I just wish it was summer already.
Jenny promised to introduce me to stamos! Faint. Clunk. Fail!
Attention World: I am wearing a skirt. That is all.
They don't sound at all like Smog, but they're good. Baths and Julia Holter also come to mind for you—experimental ambient stuff.
Out with the girlies :) can you say movie night?!
Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK.
Listening to the song Boyfriend by Justin Bieber!
Ricky, that must be interesting for the religious fanatics and ATHEISTS.
thanks for the #FF, back at you!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Caribou Coffee - Coffee Shop (live updates)
If I'm Kobe I'm saying fuck it and I'm shooting every time I get the ball!
Cant wait to see that DUMP!!! Other than the Red Seats, the place is uncomfortable and Sucks!! Especially RF Grandstands
I'm literally way too excited that has a twitter. #merntttt #camouflage #hohosandchocomilk #dangerranger I took it too far.
hope you enjoyed the songs you did hear tho!
I really don't want to go to school today. Or SAT prep. Or drivers ed.
would you be interested in getting away from Verizon, and getting your cell phone service for free ? Christopher / 602.573.4157
RT On the 9:30-11 Eastern BBTN, send in your answer to this question: Does a Web Gem have to be an out? /
byyyyyyeee Tara!!! We will miss you!
#CLIPPER POST GAME on if or out: "Collectively we're going to rally around 'em and make it happen"
You just missed it my friend. #79 was number.
ok for sure .. ill hit you when I'm outa work
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
When I die, friends will go to my funeral, some will cry, but my best friend will change my facebook status to "Chilin'' with Jesus.
Think everyone is missing the point on Coach Weber. #Illini declined coincided w removal of the Chief, no?
Facebook game developer hanging out with people with non-smartphones at smart restaurant.
Germantown police investigating body found in pond
Omg this class needs to be over!
haha I just read that to ev and she says 'and at lovely evelyn' ;)
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
It's 10:00 a.m. and Michigan STILL sucks.
Thanks a lot! Walk by everyday and wonder what's going on, one other thing, and movement in the 9-12 area on Euclid? thanks!
She really bought them to my house
YES!!!! GO DARTMOUTH AIRES!!!
Excited about this collab with , things are starting to get rolling slowly but surely.
Google and Facebook DC policy offices are headed up by former GOPers
one thing to consider. Though Brazil is also a large country 8 to 9 teams are in SP and Rio. Only an 8 hr drive by bus
I'm from bufu Wisconsin, so take it with a grain of salt :) But honestly, I can't handle that humidity.
Time for acting ! :)
Very nice Shubert played in class today, very soothing :)
Dreamt I was locked in over night in Saks 5th Avenue. Wet dreams are so fabulous ;)
I'm not clumsy. It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way.
Guess we'll have to get you some - what could we send you? Thx ladies
Sometimes a little Godsmack and White Zombie is needed to get ya through the last 20 of the workout
oh hey, MK didn't realize you remembered my name!??
Lots of survival camping, huh? That can be brutal on a relationship.
You mean the head over heels is honest or they suddenly get honest ?
Yesterday it was too much chocolate. Today, too much yard work. What will Monday bring?
True story. Too fat. RT : If I were the type to "run a bath", which I'm not,... Unfortunately I don't fit in tubs
GREASE LIGHTENING OH GREASE LIGHTENING
I need new followers.
Way, way, way to nice to go to school today. Nice enough to ditch :) 🍸
Single-ply tissue is a sucka move #ReallyMom?
Digital means allow citizens to participate in government as collective action rather than ossified institutions
Awesome I can't wait!
Happy 100th birthday to Polish rescuer Wladyslaw Miazgowicz. On July 6, 2011, he became an Honorary citizen of Israel.
Interested in #PublicArt in Baltimore. Hear some of the story today, 2 pm 330 N Howard Street.
No problem! I'm really excited about it.
When peopl ask me to burn them a CD ..I always put some krizzle tracks on there
Laying in bed, watching the ceiling fan go round. My only real day off of my vacation.
Wild Wings for a mothers day dinner of chasing Ryan thru the parking lot
yea bro we gonna be there
That hansel is just so hawt right now
"The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them." -- Jim Rohn»»
Mixing the next installment of the latest album "Afternoon Alchemy"... Audio clips to follow!
no way! I love them. I'm more of an Arsenal fan. Best team ever. (:
remember me slipping and falling in the locker room😂
sun is shining - the weather is sweet
Happy Monday! Enjoy this 3 Minute Energy Boosting Breath and Posture Exercise (that you can do right now!) from !
WCG's #cache (for tickets/backstage passes/great Nike gear) coordinates annonced today! at NOON. stay tuned!!
Why do u have a fake accent like you're from dublin when u really sound like a broke leprocan? U're not irish
nah is more muslim based
let me know if u made it threw once it has passed. I'm gone pray for ya! Is that better? Lol
Highly pissed, they should put a limit on how much you can order in drive thru line. Somebody just ordered all they kids food.
In a perfect world, sure. :/ RT : can we trade in all these hating, ignorant humans for fresh, happy versions?
you are so funny, this place is all me!!! Not you. Hahaha
Last day of 2011, thank God for all your blessings!
thank for the props!
I wonder what alexis fed him..
happy birthday
The moment when you use toilet paper and a little chocolate chip cookie is left on your fingers
I heard the Soul Rebels are around the corner from me. I'm at Berry Park spinning Funk-Hip Hop. North 14th and Berry street.
LOL! They have to have enough time between the finals. But I hear ya.
I like how you love soccer :)
Ha a nightmare. People broke into my house. I called 911. Police never showed up. I escaped. My house blew up. And I lost my phone...
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind. Mahatma Gandhi
Bernanke says policymakers have been focusing on refinancing borrowers, loan modifications, and ways to prevent foreclosures.
Well that sucks cuz your "bff" just told me I was beautiful ;)
Don't fuck with me. Runnin on E today.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold
catching up with new Design Matters hadn't tuned in since Empire State Building. Are votes tallied to bring monologs back?
He was in the distance LMFAO "what kinda amateur call out was that!!!!" I cry my eyes out laughing at your stream!
#SEM10 Shona dance workshop last night at welcome reception. Super fun. Although I came close to accidentally slapping a bunch of ladies.
#nw girl positive... LMN stay playing this movie I've seen it like 5 times
are you moving back?! or just visiting?
#birthdaysex is on the radio ;)
Poll: In the upcoming presidential election... who will you be voting for? Obama or Romney? Post your answer in the comment below!
I.HATE.MARVIN.WILLIAMS.
Go Hayden Panettiere! Speading the word about DCs lack of voting rights and hosting a fundraiser tonight at Cities.
Glad to hear you enjoyed the exhibit!
Are you serious?!
We've got two new books in the very beginning of the editorial stage- this part is fun!!
I have to respect Kobe's numbers. But as a person.
RT NIB was established in the conviction that stories lead us to new insights about relationships, events, meaning, and behavior
Just had an amaze girl catch up night! no names please ;)
alright I got a soccer game at 7 it should last an hour! So ur buying tonight
the heart does not feel or sense love, the brain does. <that right there's how you know i'm a realist and do not romanticize..
Video/Audio from Wakefield Center for the Arts coming soon!
so is glee!!!
What Is Going On In The World? Lol
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. - Max De Pree
hate this new tweetdeck...I have trouble navigating around it :P All is well here!! countdown to our kickstarter campaign's end!
What do I know of You Who spoke me into motion? Where have I even stood But the shore along Your ocean?
Did Darling Niki and Westley hook up last night? They had a date. She got home.. late.. ?? I hope they dish the dirt on our blog soon!
For now, I'm saving them for enjoying a beer or glass of wine. They have the most histamine. Hoping w/ US exposure, price will drop.
Giving a shout out to our new followers! Welcome!
I hope my mom enjoys her birthday gift, spoiled brat.
thanks for the mention, stay tuned for our daily features posted next! Have a great day & hope to see you again soon.
food courts gonna take a hit....too soon?
lol that's horrible..
#waystomakemehappy nice weather, good music, great sex
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG ♥
I can't wait to get outta school and get this hair cut boiii
Okay seriously!? Who is thinking about me? Because my nose has been itching -nonstop- for the past hour!!!!!!!!
Girls gotta eat am I right!!
I feel like I haven't listened to Mayday Parade since the show. They tell my life stories.
Our referral program offers you BIG discounts on your printing. Never pay full price for printing again!! www.print1media.com
RT Just watched incredible video by Spring Luncheon. I'll post the link for you later!
Dang! Already? That's fantastic.
great season man, shout out from the hometown
Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Pike County until 01:30 PM
Strategies to put in place to motivate the #GenY workforce. Key takeaways: inspire and reward:
According to my Mitusbishi Mirage is a actual Mirage must have been the drunk pixies flown him home all those times :)
we have sponsorship and investors opportunities provide maximum visibility for your company or product. The 2nd Annual Atlanta...
That's a big tease, Lilia -- tell us more!
Oh Hahaha I hope your ok! (:
What's everyone doing for New Years Eve? I can't believe this year is almost over. I know I say that every year.
I know how it feels, believe me I've been there.
Those two videos are my friend and I. More to come soon!!
Much more than telecommuting, it includes flex leave, flex, time, flex careers, flex place and phased retirements.
RT : Live in DC? Don't forget to support the DC state society! Follow us at
yep! Packing today. Can't believe it's already here
Karla Chisholm is MOVING ON November 29th at Blues Alley in Washington DC! Mark your calendars and stay tuned for more info!!
Yay I get to study all night on my birthday! When will this school year end
If guys had periods, They'd brag about the size of their tampons..--
No problem, I guess they are expecting rain!
I was so happy!
alas our wood ppl r in US. But we've had good luck spending less if white oak (even engineered), good underlay & no h20 wash
Battle of the bands SATURDAY! Sorry guys:)
I'm over the expirament
You know whats really fucking embarrassing? When you reach for the straw and oh wait.. its not there.
Elite 8 here we come SNHU
I know its awesome! Thanks for feedback!
Made late donation to telethon in Dutch’s memory. It didn’t get on air, but feeling it will make radio Sunday (connections ;-)
but you're writing some sweet stuff. i'm waving from across the lake.
Having lived here forever, I know that right about now, half of WNY has them inked for the Superbowl already.
A Thousand Miles makes me smile. I love it <3
#Agent29 secret service for #Broncos Defense! Welcome!
See you there!
thts awesome! Guy bestfriends are cool :p
no no I officially give up now :(, my trolling days are over
At 11:08, sands are running through O's hour-glass to sign # 1 pick Dylan Bundy. No matter how it plays out, this system sucks-it'll change.
section 116 disapproves of your song selection!
Great work!
RT - new england Patriots
If you could only see the world threw my eyes, you'd understand why I'm so scared.
Haha. That's what you think. #yougotitcoming #justwait loves ya!
aye.....Happy Sunday1!! SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS AND WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF A SOUTHERN DIVA!!!
Weed for weapons: The newest deal in Nancy's life in this week's episode of Weeds.
are u gettin some rest now boo
One direction can't fuck with Beiber still lol.
No one needs to hear this more than the carriers: : YOU CAN'T HAVE A PLATFORM WITHOUT A STRONG API STRATEGY. -Kerry Bailey
And what you make is fantastic!
Timmy T!
no. Everyone KNOWS your the next star!
That is a weird problem. My guess is no.
Thanks, but the dissertation is done and being presented! Love the topic.
trying to show up me and my pickles, eh??
Heeh-heeeeh. Second Twitter is now in action.(; [AGAIN.]
Karate kid in for Tevez.
listening to Crane and Briana
just watched #EasyA again, U are awesome in that movie Aly <3
today, you were missed!
I hate when I buy something then the next day it's on sale :/
Consolidating Twitter accounts... Follow
I was under the impression Philadelphia fans were the only fan base that enjoyed Nickelback.
Also, the PDX Duck Store will offer a 25% discount on all BCS-logoed gear this Saturday and Sunday. Corner of NW Couch and Naito Parkway.
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
lmaoo so I've been told(;
always keep looking forward
No cat boat, , but I do have a "catio". U made me LOfreekinL
Thanks for the follow Kelly! Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas...say hello to everyone!
walked into the plastic surgeon office and she told him BIGGGGGAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao dat shit go N big brah!!!
EPK time:p
I left gateway beers behind a long time ago. Need a reason to crack open a bottle of Dark Lord
I was at that show too! They've melted my brain every time I've seen them. Amazed I can still function.
Yep. View from my room. That's the river. :)
How do you change free agency so what happened to Cleveland doesn't continue to happen to teams -especially small market teams?
Dude- call me! Come on brah..
surprise! BOOMING THUNDER
Yes indeed! Great memory -- hope to reconnect this year at #CMWorld in Columbus.
Composer's printed breath marks are not the only places he/she wants singers to breathe. For their own sake they should be more specific.
#ohsnap Love how always puts his hands right next to his microphone when he claps.
i don't like it either! I was so excited when i bought it and it was nothing i expected it to be.
They changed the name of "Captain America" to "The First Avenger" in S Korea. Change it to "Chris Evans Full Frontal Nudity" & I'll watch.
Long week. Taking a break swimming with xavier
#WordPress #Tools AIM Online Status Indicator – Let your readers know if you’re online.
whatever shows your girls off more.
Job hunting in Chicago.
jealz - have fun!
Headin to Miller Park with my boy // first stop Slim McGinn's //
Is it Leap Year or is it Hump Day?
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
I say I deserve a couple of gifts for getting through these last two weeks: 1. My darth vader bag, 2. The last sookie stackhouse novel
What in the world is that?! Haha
Never give to much of your heart away to soon, cause if they can't get a tight enough grip on it they can't break it...
Thanks, Amy and you're welcome.
Happy new year everybody
Its a shame that the last hip hop song about MLK was made in the 80's. Their too busy talking about jewels, money, and whatever.
who will be gone?
Just reserved my ticket for live!
Tom, the margarita is not exactly great in the first place. Hence, novelty beer = wasted.
We are a religious nation, and why not act like a Christian Bryan? Your persecution of everyone who is not, is not Christian.
Good morning y'all !!
Today was a bad day. This was a bad weekend. A new day and a new week starts now.
Yes, it is. Just back from staying in hospital with a friend this week. It's hard to RT in the no cell areas. !ill catch up.
Huge fan of
The hyrax can do anything. They are amazing.
Order my book "Soul Solace" & win a free advertisement for a month, within TBR TheBradfordReview!!
Busbys right now!
Clearing up the rumors- my weightloss is the healthy way & it's an insult to go around saying it wasn't when I worked my ass off. but idgaf
is anyone surprised?
What an AWESOME day! Thanks, G!
Hey Glenn. I would so the PA duties at the Hall. Can't believe you are thinking about going to kickball? The proud gator alum you are.
Love waking up to something rising.... The sun that is! ;)
call: "westbrighton sperm bank, you squeeze it we freeze it"
thats so exciting! Im so proud of u
: LOVE! So awesome of you, lady!
gl fish I'll be there after the gym
Seriously, how can they cancel #Kings?it's brilliant.
JFG students Academy served 369 meals during a cancer symposium.
JESUS'S name is above every name, including depression, fear,suicide, heart break, betrayal etc.... use his name in prayer daily!
Sounds like excuse, but that was edited in and then removed. I just sent in city names -- Tampa, SF, etc. Nice catch, thnx!
WA state has 8 companies on the 2012 Fortune 500 list: Costco, Microsoft, Amazon, Paccar, Starbucks, Nordstrom, Weyerhaeuser, and Expeditors
contemplating switching the f and g keys on my husband's laptop just to see how long it takes him to figure it out. <3 you sweetie.
Too true. I had to break up with my last agent because he didn't do much at all. Bummer.
Sailor Moon was my only reason for the video store when I was little
I am hoping he is being an obnoxious troll. Can't content like that get him the permabanhammer?
Ruben's a sexy name;)
Theory: The British English I do not recognize is probably insulting me.
follow me?:)
Hahahah good times.
There's still time to get yourself in the OR Ballroom to hear La Pearl & Co. but filling up fast. run 4 a chair
Another #brewer injury smdh....
look forward to hearing it!
You woke up this morning for a reason. So keep pushing.
Am I the only one that feels good when I don't have to rely on my mom for money and shit?
What? I was ready to bust out the Welcome home CLMG sign!
Shutup about #NameAFollowerYouSmashed . Not a big deal, we all know no one is gonna do it.
:) really glad you like it!
Like aviation? Stay tuned for more at the Mesa Historical Museum this fall!
well...I hope not. But there have been notorious March snowstorms in Virginia.
(sigh) *blink* *slam coffee* *write a bunch of awesome crap*
haha yeah right
Thanks for the follow !
:) No probelm, and thank you!
Haha no way. though i am still bummed i never made it on rock of love.
On today's show we'll be asking relationship advice columnist about her novel The Singles & taking calls at 1-877-301-8790.
It's a lik to late to say that your Sorri now!:/
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH ♥ Follow me please . #NEVERSAYNEVER ***
I like how you do all this on your couch.
You're right, quintuple threat!!
oooohhhh yeaahhhh!!!! been waiting for this shiznit for a minute!!!!!!
excellent, thanks for the map!
We're 85% sure that Henry Rollins is opening for Dinosaur Jr. tonight at the BUT. Because North County doesn't have enough meatheads.
Yup - we know. Just offering something different, and people can come by after the Shinedown show.
Thanks for the follow - Hope to see you at Bollywood America in April :)
i cant wait to take a shit on A fancy toilet!
I think tomorrow will bring some good news, a new opportunity. And then to Colorado for a long weekend the day following.
i want more followers u have alot:/
Found $300 while packing. Looks like the Universe is either A) no longer amused by kicking my ass or B) taking a well deserved coffee break.
Metro Center its Ficelle Day!
GARBAGE out garbage IN! I stay POSITIVE and keep it clean AROUND me!
Get it out of your glove, Ramirez...come on.
Only if the other singles are cute!
I did! I'm in LA... I finally decided to settle down here! I've been back and forth LA to the Bay for years... LA is home now.
Haha, thanks. Us runners need to stick together.
Duh! I work, travel, sleep, eat :) RT : We all get that you smoke a lot of weed. Do you do anything else?
Always thankful for you!:)
Tryin to match in the morning?
:). All the best
How about #AmericanPotassiumIsSuperior ?
Seriously, what is up with that? I was disappointed too.
Monday World Cup Madness! Starting at 7am - Chile vs Switzerland. At 11:30am - Spain vs Honduras. At 6:30pm - Portugal vs N. Korea
too much more of tweets like that and I'm gonna be forced to drop the unfollow hammer
congrats to all the #JMU kids that are graduating today! you are well prepared for the next chapter -- go forth and conquer the world!
Are guys ever capable of being just friends or do they play that role until they actually admit they like you?
Took a nap.
I often wonder why my #CatholicGuilt is so mean and won't leave me alone!
Think Like A Man was HILARIOUS!
it all sucks.
Dear Portland, our friends will be playing tonight at the Doug Fir!
Hey HUB followers! Check out our boss lady's tweets
Henny n Coke in my cup thats what the fucks up
I just cried my eye balls out but eyes don't give af
likes to reinforce peoples assumption that im gay by tweeting things like that
RT : If you replicate a data center hairball in the cloud, you'll replicate your costs - Z.Nelson at London's BusCloudSummit
Reserves right to use ROY award as leverage in arguments about his current talent.
Join us at the Menaul Baillio's for Cookoff, Orbit, Isotope ticket giveaway, hot dogs & HUGE Clearance. See ya there!
If you hurt a #Cancer's feelings, be prepared to apologize. If not, you are shut out of their world completely.
Check us out CyberStationUSA.com
“: "The most powerful element in advertising is the truth." - William Bernbach”
appreciate that fam
Wow, did Apple just take a page from the Playbook and add bezel gestures?
Kind of a sluggish track workout, but hadn't done interval sprints in over two months. I'll take it.
So tell me why Downton Abbey is not on EVER NIGHT? #please?
#TeamNickCannon colbi ur cool but Nick is the man
Their not pointless. I read them all the time and their great! :)
Loved the stout chili. Pizza was decent. Had a flight of 5 of their beers. All okay but nothing to make me say, "wow"
Early prediction: Phoenix will steal this game from LA. That said, I'm on the Kings bandwagon this series. LA vs NY Stanley Cup!
Ah I haven't even started Survivor yet!! Can't check twitter until I've seen it all, Jeff&Shannon and shizz will be tweeting about it haha
Power nap then petco.
I am going to begin blogging about who is KILLING it on NASDAQ
oxford here I come!!!! And has already puked... See you soon !!!!!
Pride is what we have. Vanity is what others have.
Stop saying ‘I wish’ and start saying ‘I will’ <3
At 11am, we tied the record. At noon, we broke it. 78-degrees in MSN. Broke the record of 75, set in 1911. And leaving for Florida, why?
Does anyone in SD have a van or big SUV we can use in our new music video we are shooting on Saturday?? Get at us!
LMAO the one that cries because he's not :( aww it'll be all good though, no worries. He will bring home pictures
To our friends on the east coast - stay safe this weekend.
"Welcome to Our Movement" new volunteer training happening today in St. Louis and Kansas City. #Obama2012 #Vols2012 W're excited!
Still others prefer skinny gienes
Agree! Too bad some believe a book without a clear "message" is the intellectually or morally vacant one
I know it seems to be a love song. But I have to laugh when a video is showing extreme fan boys and girls. I find it hilariously adorable.
LONG AS iM DOiNG Mi PART; NOTHiNG ELSE MATTERS...-✌💋
Dear I've tried checking into the KY derby to get the sticker from both my mobile and my laptop and no luck. help!
sorry i missed you at la fuente! let's meet up in milwaukee sometime soon though for lunch :)
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 10:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees. High: 61* Low: 53*
only on thursdays!
April is Ohio Child Abuse and Neglect Prevention Month. This year's theme is Pause for a child.
#Ubaldo is a huge jerk! He is obviously jealous of #Tulo and the
must go ! I make a house for and me on sims <3
Yogurt! RT : Fill in the blank: the one food I eat every day is __________.
I took the day off to visit with my girl
It's 11:11 make a wish make a wish and say !! I love this song
I just got a Twitter error message. They've replaced the Fail Whale with the Failien.
that's a sad thought. I'm sure you're far from fat. Look, I'm not a super fan either, but don't bully the poor girl.
YEP!!! RT : Haven't seen Brett since Sunday night. Can't wait to go see my lil guy tomorrow night!! We need to move ASAP right
Borders Bookstores closing. Is this the beginning of the end for traditional book stores ?
TONIGHT Dancing with the Stars turn on the tube and check out my boyz live with TV debut
Watching #Twins and wondering if a game can be called for too many injuries :/
RT : Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love. -David McCullough
I think most parents are hoping their school is taken OFF list.
:-) No matter what you say.
where Jeb goes Marco follows
Watching "Morning Glory" w/ our friend Rachel McAdams & thinking of your time in morning TV. Craziness! Glad you are now free!
Steak, grits, beer, Hennessy, and wrestling....I'm happy
If you gots the poison, I gots the remedy.
Discussing the link b/w social issues and economic issues
lol. Two words. Ryan Leaf. Luck or RGIII will head down that path. I hope it's luck for ur sake!
Hanging out with the biggest dork I know, Whatever, he's okay I guess....
I actually love katy perry.
Would rather watch three young children then work today.
Vintage Solitaire Engagement Ring w/Radiant White CZ Size 7
Blah Blah Blah :))
They're going to get every dime out of that album that they can. Sheesh.
you're just straight taking Men's Humor tweets. get your own shit.
Hey wassup hottie.. how u been?
I can't remember the last interception
Gotta pick my class schedule for fall
good morning! :)
SILENCE THE MESSENGER & THE DEVASTATED @ Lips Lounge April 30th!!!! Any bands want to play this show please leave a comment below. Thanks.
Hello to our friends ! Inspiring young adults to integrate academics and wildlife.
Interesting article! Do you think this kind of schedule lends itself to project based learning?
its not a state function. Just family and friends
what's that?
Thank you, luv!! xo
thank you!
Seven buses full of students! Let's go 'Cats!
are you from Texas?
Thank you!!!
ah! Not going to make it tonight cause of some stuffs. Sushi soon?
Receive 10% off #earth friendly products at BullFish!!!
cool! I think we live really close to that HEB. Koenig and Lamar?
#BobbyValentine is the new coach of #RedSox. Former #Mets coach and #ESPN analyst #BobbyV landed the most coveted job of the #MLB offseason.
rickey smiley got a negative influence on me. every time somebody say a word wrong i ding them in my head. lol. I just dinged td jakes 5x.
Which coffee drink at Sebastian Joe's do you love to get you through the day?
?OTD - What do you have to say "no" to today?
My bed and my room feel amazing tonight. Ouft. Must be something in the air!.
People really dressed up today for what reason ?
Totally agree w/ u Ryan. is a supreme class act. Hate to see him go, but he's gonna do great things.
Yesterday's #lodlam sessions felt like something we might point back to as a pivotal moment for NYC libs and linked data. cc/
Be Party Ready! *Specials TODAY* Buy 5 Instant Tans and get 5 FREE! Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!
Just finished watching the Gammys! It was amazing. Also great job
Hanging out in Queens room- Carl Fisher band-cool! Trumpet player of my band Ernie Hammes joined 4atune-yes,he is a hell of a player.
Successfully surprised Tj at the airport :))
Yup. One of my fav's too!
lol - very true.
"Im gonna pick the skatepark up, and drop it in my front yard."
Good morning guys
Yo chick she so thirsty
Oh. What's the matter? Can't handle someone who actually challenges what you say?
Thank you Laura Gordon from ! and wants to thank you for being apart of "An Evening with the Arts"
Pinterest is photo share - you will like it! RT : interesting...have not tried this yet...but tempting~
I can't believe there's not a tampons/Adele CD/Nutella gift basket delivery service.
watch out for desert juggalos too.
A lot on my mind.
i like picture it is amazing !!
People like Mitt should pay more than 15%? Um, yeah? Seems like common sense that they should.
Don't expect me to act interested in your life when you never ask what's going on in mine.
post your work!! sweden ;)
It appears that when it comes to making a bowl of cocoa wheats, I AM THE WORST
Quality will be prized as a precious possession. -Unknown Author
hey Sis. Welcome
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
I hate when my mom squints her eyes at me and says can you see me ---you're not funny tho
One of the best days of the year :)
I SERIOUSLY Love Mondays! Especially since I work from HOME! Have a great week everyone! Comet meet me on FaceBook, Become a Fan!
skip your a pathological liar, jrose caught you a couple weeks ago! do yourself a favor and stop talking!
#20thingsaboutme 7. I'm also a huge fan of and I cried Thursday night when she got eliminated.
ahahahaha did you even read it??
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the affluent, a catastrophe for the poor.
Learn how to hunt ghost easy..get it done right! Ghost Hunting Software (theP.L.A.N.: Ghost Hunting Software (theP.L.A.N.
But Eatin A Apple
am i the only one that finds "trolling" really annoying? like i don't find it remotely funny..
It was easier to get to Haiti to cover the earthquake than it is to get Air Jamaica to fly me to the event i'm covering for them. Go Navy!
same class the entire day:/ shuuda juss skipped with yuh.:-)
We love #BigBrother. weWish Big Brother would show as often as Amazing Race. CBS more Big Brother PLeASe
Emission: During the emission phase, semen (e.g., sperm and seminal fluids) is deposited into the posterior urethra ...
And none of my friends will talk to me
A Brady Hoke coached team loses to a ranked opponent yet again. Get used to it Michigan fans :)
I need more followers (: tomorrow is the BIG move can't wait more clothes more shoes new new new !
Studies show that kids over 5 can take the reg. dose of Fiber. But it would be best to consult w/ your Dr. first
oh man. Well I'll think happy thoughts for you. And know it will all work out for the best.
sorry bout that. That was already debunked b4 it was set 2 launch.
“: that awkward moment when you're at lunch and the italian teacher starts fangirling over your book #wreckthisjournal”
they are still on the broken bus. The entire travel party is just glad we are moving toward Madison.
10 more days until the Avengers assemble! :D
stupid providers here in the US charge crazy money for tethering :-(
We quit seeing each other like 2 months ago. Now he's telling me that Hes the one for me? I don't get it. I moved on & was doing good..now..
I'm pretty sure I'm going to get married in about 19 years. I have a feeling this is the year my wife will be born!
Rise and grind.....
Tweeting in the middle of the lake. Woo!
have a safe trip home!
A big thank you to everyone who came out last night a packed Suite DJ WIZZ KID tonight!!!! Usually he is in Chicago on Saturdays.....
okay what shoes
Yesterday I learned about speaking NAKED. Now I'm going to help my client eat a frog! Fun title for procrastination workshop!
And I absolutely love my
This nigga straight walked off with my Iphone....i honestly could not believe it for a second #OnlyInChicago smfh
Temps increasing across Central Ohio and we have a Wind Advisory already issued for Monday. Watch out for wind gusts up to 50mph!
WNBA All-Star balloting begins tomorrow: Silver Stars on the ballot are Becky Hammon, Ruth Riley, Jayne Appel, Jia Perkins, Sophia Young
Not sure I'm ready for Monday, but I think it's ready for me.
can't wait to see you in that Bears uniform on da field..
I think by being in the bottom 3, Skylar and Hollie will be even better next week. I would love to see them in the finale. :-)
The Austin Public Library is doing a great job with their downloadables. what do you think of Overdrive?
**Senior Tax Accountant - 55K - LOTS OF GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!!!**Send resumes to **
Ha! Yep. Downstairs working away still...
Bill Callahan's music is mind numbingly beautiful. I shouldn't need his live sets to remind me of that.
I hope so too.
smh was supposed to send that email off like 6 hours ago....
What you mean ?
Glad to see Coach Maddox can still drive. Hope the radio is bumpin'
temperature drop? Mine always does that...
Not Always -.-
Did you know that the Portland Public Library hosts weekly talks with local authors? Fridays at noon in Meeting Room #5!
Thanks for the RT :)
Loving my new set bag! Hooray!!! :)
good morning
7 minutes of stoppage time my ass. That is the amount of time the keeper spent on the ground the 1st time.
yes sir
doing a show with Jared Mark Smith David Moroney John Rhea this morning!
Love your show down here in Los Angeles. Hope a new season is coming!
Today should totally be a holiday, just because its brithday!(:
in 1928, sliced bread is sold for the first time. It is the greatest thing since itself.
Irish lacrosse time let go ND.
Growing food locally ends the excessive transport of food & makes the food chain sustainable: Opening May 19th
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy. Should you be disorganised, your business would be disorganised.
"My life is brilliant. My love is pure. I saw an angel. Of that I'm sure.." ::james blunt::you're beautiful::
lol she wont shut up
Theres just something about them clowns Thats scary!
chips taste like heaven.
and her names madi .
heading to the booze emporium soon
awesome! thanks!!!
Hey thanks so much for the #FF shout out, Todd! Hope you had a great weekend!
its still early
Bembe! So excited!
Hottest Female Rapper Out Of The DMV If You Don't Believe Check Her Out<--:)
#femtechnet Not so much about "women computing" but "feminism computing" : systemic
No... you are not mean!
That completely invalidates the authenticity of your rating system...
And she wasn't judging at all, she was going off of Bible verses so I get where she was going with it.
I'm gonna have to buy a big bucket, because I have a side loading HE washer.
Yeah she was like "who is singing this?" & i didnt say i just pointed at my binder that had poster &she goes oh i
RT : i'm sold, I was looking for the '80s era prostitute look for my home
thats awesome when i get a steady stream of followers and then everyone unfollows me, haha fuck you too bitches -_-
Back from Coachella... SO amazing! So many great djs!
You crack me up. Every office needs a competition. I wanted to have a betting pool on my baby's weigh/length, but Rose nix'd
Getting ready to enjoy the #SanDiegoYouthSymphony and dinner at #TofuHouse with an old friend.
so true, Ann!:)
Sounds interesting!
RT : Guys! May 12 is NATIONAL TRAIN DAY!
U-S-A!! U-S-A!! RT : For roughly 2.5 Metro 28-day passes, you can get a YEAR pass in Vienna, Austria.
We had some scheduling conflicts that we had to work around. It will be up very soon. Thanks for your patience.
check your airline's policy. I'm familiar with Southwest...every passenger gets a carryon & a personal item, including babies
Surprised the phone book delivery peeps didn't leave my books by the garage door. They trekked up my icy walk to the front door!
He loved her, it hurts. its grimmy how you gonna lead me on & drop me. Karma is a bitch , when she leaves you. Don't come running back.
G. With a goal
Who is everyone wearing for the Oscars? I am wearing TJ Maxx SU sweatpants and a Bronx Goblin T-shirt. Looks dope.
