Oh alright, thanks for ignoring me -__-
thanks! not actually today, but i'm enjoying my birthweek :)
When you are tired, just travel!
post the link!
RT : RT : This could go into tomorrow in some areas. Keep safety first.
I grow wiser every time I am around Bryan Gross. Hope I can be half of the role model he is for me for someone else someday.
thanks! Lol your a whole 10days early though! Lmfao
Drew Paine: Or, How to Live Safely While Rocking Too Hard.
. Thomas Paine... very nice :-) Happy #IndependenceDay #CommonSense quotes
Even the guy playing Rochefort was just doing a Michael Wincott impression. But Walsh wishes he was Tim Curry... Ugh.
Jason Mraz. This is my morning!
Just installed new 23" monitor to go along with new macbook - how did I ever live without this stuff??? I think I am turning into
Ive worn too many dresses in my radio gigs..... but Novak makes racing writers shiver when she pulls on that one
um ... awesome?
TIE -When I put the plastic wrap around the heavy coat...or that first donning of sunglasses on a bright, sunny day.
#WomenBuild^=#@#Habitat_org program underwritten by #@#lowes bringing together women worldwide to address the housing crisis worldwide.
RT : We here do NOTHING w/o caffeine. Mental gymnastics impossible if there is no black brew
. will be a tough act to follow. Expecting a PyCon talk in a few years by about automating it
your moms a whore !
Ran away from all the girls i been dating cuz when i'm wit them its only you i see..
there is a god
If the book was helpful then ud prob enjoy reading the wkly blog posts by 4 Gutsy girls conquering their QLCs @ stratejoy.com !
I go every year in the summer, one of my favorite places! Let me know if you go and Ill give you a list of stuff to do.
with videogames, I hear you have many lives.
How 'bout them Tigers, jackass?
I believe I heard Doug Collins clearly call someone an f----- a------. Fox Sports has to do better at bleeping that out.
What's poppin wit ya homie??
definitely! And probably then some! Hahaha
NICE!!!!! I will have to get one of those gems. Is Ms. Brown still with us?
We just got some new machines in! Come try them out!
Culver City and walking more than expected. That's a long wait for a cup of coffee.
I need an exotic vacation... so I'm thinking to the middle east!!! perhaps Dubai
#MyWeddingSong "She" from #OddFuture I could only imagine my parents reaction on the last verse lol
I saw Aaron Lewis performing live by himself few years back.
last day of spring break...tommorw will most likely suck for me.
Italy! and you haven't invited me to be your valet?
Ted Nugent Concert Canceled: Anti-Obama Comments Lead To End Of Rockstar&#39;s Appearance
SOMEONE GO ANSWER MY LAST TWEET.
Let them hate. They can't do anything with you - nuthin'. Play at...play at...play at...your Own Risk. Peace & luv to you.
We would love to do a possible tasting event at our showroom! Will send you a DM!
we'll play anywhere as long as we can get paid at enough to cover at least half the gas it takes to get there
ugh boo! I'll see you Friday though! Woo!
good how are you.. you have to come to the Hard Rock on July 8th for the concert!
It seems #May is #NationalHamburgerMonth ... Any idea where this tradition started?!?
I hate my 6th amd 7th period.
Boyhood, like measles, is one of those complaints which a man should catch young and have done with, for when it comes in middle
Gloves, trees, other haeccities to introduce Jane Bennett.
ha...oh their spirts live at T-Flats on the autograph wall!
ello! how are you.
And i can build myself up longer then a couple of secs too lol
Same people wanted Steve Beuerlein over Aikman
what about your Florida followers?! :)
Morning shows says 48% of women hide purchases from husband. This is why we keep separate bank accounts. No deceit or worry! Freedom!
hits 3.5, strikeouts 12.5. If they get more hits than Ks, I might eat the box my iPad came in.
I'm gonna laugh when he calls the police on you
I try try mirror my actual servers as much as possible. Ubuntu web server and Ubuntu VM to minimize issues.
Spending the best years of my life signing in and out of Google
ps LOVE the dark hair!!!!
one day will follow me on twitter !
Almost finished voting in ALA elections!
where in Madison are you going to be?
Words don't have the power to hurt you unless the person saying them mean a lot to you.
I always do see you. I'm like "that's my lil homie right there". lol
It's a Since I Left You kind of night.
Vip’s get discount tickets on Knott’s Scary Farm. Call us for details 619-226-1121 or vipclubcard.com
Some people will never grow the fuck up.
Social media data interesting. Friends - indifferent when I follow a museum, but influenced when I visit an exhibition?
Oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your Dagobah jokes:
is having an incredible #LeapDay sale: Tix to remaining 2011-12 concerts are $29 Cheap!
I'm gonna drink my tears tonight.
Being a parent means your kids always come first in every aspect of your life.
#Like #rvabike RT : biking every day it isn't raining makes me indescribably happy
Its rainy, its cold, and you're hungry for warm food and friendly faces... come see us for our new noodle bowls and hot tea.
I is so much cooler den dat bud light dog.
and any need for prayer at all please tweet it to me! I will be glad to pray for you! :)
The Legislature of the Massachusetts Colony has declared Thursday November, 23 1775 as “a day of public thanksgiving”
Jeff over to shaky start!.. Let's fix that today! Go24!!
Come to think of it...WSHH probably IS owned by balding, rich white guys...like B.E.T. I jest, I jest...
ah, can't wait to hear what it is!
that's awesome! thanks for the support! :)
Stanton: Redevelopment after deindustrialization involves defining the industrial past as “other” and in the past.
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
Time to tune out the world. Headphones in...
Walk of shame? Do it before 7 AM in Pacific Beach. Nobody is awake that early to mock you, though you might miss out on a high five.
you still will always be my favorite
Thanks for the suggestion! I will check it out this evening. You and your friends are welcome to join.
Goodmorning:D someone woke up earlier than usual!(:
Pearl Jam Radio on Pandora ROCKS!
I hate it when people change.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.
I bet there is a plane flying from NY to LA also. It truly is amazing.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year xoxo. Jen, Bri Bri , and Ismael.
Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy says plan to overhaul the state's liquor laws is much more than just Sunday sales, will also create jobs.
open mic Work'n on new shit
how many museums out there have a FT person managing social media?
www.rj-imarketing.com is so popular in Uk thanks for the support
on a date with myself!
should we get on tc tonitee and invite pplz
The USA Racquetball National Doubles Championships are in progress. Watch all the action for free at www.irtnetwork.com
My Mom still makes me go to my room. She doesn't realize that I live in a studio apartment. There's only one room.
I would give my life if god would let you be ok for the rest of yours.
Believe it when you feel it !! That a way you don't have to see it !!
you should stop by philly =)
And it begins! #JFNAGA say hello to and Right next door to Jewish camp.
There is only one terminal dignity - love.
How bout that home run! Great job Marli.
Re: protection, courtesy of Free to be You and Me: "Some kinds of help are the kind of help we all can do without."
Gah! That's really bad. This week, most likely. I need to hit up L.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY I LOVE YOU SO VERY MUCH <3<3<3
can i just sleep until summer's here?
Get Jamal Tinsley out please
thanks they're pretty into class itself, but I want them to get pumped up about the test. Any more tips?
..I'm a little disappointed that I buy expensive bras thinking it's quality to have 2 of them fall apart in a few months
The hubby just ate a plate of meat for supper. Holy Carnivore.
I'm glad Obama rejected Keystone XL, but don't say it's not about the "merits of the pipeline" when it clearly is, and should be.
of course! everything was delicious!
I wish i had nice eyes, oh well. Guess I'm stuck with these black pits of death
Sorry, Aaron. I am Puerto Rican and die hard NY Giants and NY Jets fan. But You were great player. I respect you a lot.
There should be a scholarship for broke American museum geeks.
Mell Mell need sleepy time NOW!!!
You are right. I love the rain.
#2ThingsIAppreciate People who believe in me and my mother
There's an unsecured wireless network by the laundromat entitled "AssToMouthFucking".
I already settles it .. & I are going somewhere Saturday.
Look at my picture and beware what you may become... :)
PAY ATTENTION
must show video or photo sequence or didnt happen.
What my mom just texted Faith >>>>>> "catch some z's nigga peace out."
Thanks for the wifi :)
Support #lastthursday, keep the party alive! Consider donating to Friends of Last Thursday. They have a booth between 19th n 20th. Thanks!
You're great with words! But take an angsty photo and I'll see about getting it in the paper ...
And to leave for la. I must grind hard and stayed focus, no matter what!!!!!!
Saying goodbye sucks!!!!
Google Voice transcribed a voice mail as: "Hey, I believe this is Jezebel role from over. Daddy calling you." (1 of 2)
Virginia Supreme Court is issuing opinions from the last term this morning.
I Jus Want Kobe to get 6 Then I wont Root For LA. Only Way They Can win Is If Bynum/Pau Play like yesterday every game
Missing itterog's weekend food tweet
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of...
well then I'll be seeing you!
why is that necessary to tell twitter?
Lmfao that's awesome lol love it :p
I wonder who the bSer is going to be?
Wheels within wheels...and congrats! RT Tweeting while getting an award at work...for Tweeting!
So so so true. RT : agreed. I know I am. #ANTM // RT : British Invasion is proof that Tyra is bored.
Going with the battles at least I got a nap in lol
has a commercial audition for Kotex today. I hope that I will be ________.
Jeez! Sorry for not being good enough! what about HunDra? xD lmao
Keep Calm And Use The Force Quit
Just watched New Years Eve. I love that movie!
Seriously Google docs...I love you!
Wednesday Pollen Count | 10.0 out of 12.. keep windows closed, avoid peak pollen times, and find some relief throughout the day.
I'm down for whatever. You just lead the way
u guys need to come on tinychat ur fans comes on everyday waitting for u guys u guys come on tinychat plzzzzzzzzzD=
I'll try to fo it now
Rest in paradise Grandma, I love you so much
Tonight on I Remember, the story of the #SchoolSistersofSt.Francis, including the founding of Alverno. At 6:30 on Ch. 10.
feetintwoworlds.org is looking for DREAMer stories. Send a 2-3 min video to .
And how the eff am I supposed to commit to something that far away....
Wheels up Washington... next stop Chicago!
I saw you yesterday while driving around! You looked either very intense or very lost in your car. Couldn't tell which.
Randomly in the mood for some deathcore. No idea what though.
Glad tomorrow is Friday! Excited for some fun on Saturday! Life is good!
damn yall me ready to party. Music loud and abt to pour up my cup of da wkend
Mom: KATY! GO GET ME MY YELLOW DRESS! Me: -goes get dress- Mom: WHY DID YOU GET ME THE YELLOW DRESS IT MAKES ME LOOK FAT!
The "Cat Daddy" song sucks when isn't dancing to it. Saw her video this morning so I bought the song.
Finished a tedious spoken word session all about prepaid card/finance programs.
Beautiful post by senior, Anne Yanda. Wise reflections...from a young lady who is living her lesson.
Yes - my editing teacher gave me that little nugget yesterday - So simple.
np try hitting up and they might help grab followers w/ a rt
And the people at United were awful. But they sent me to American, and they got her on a flight that worked ok.
There are a lot of spiders around here too. I FUCKING HATE IT!
my friends don't really like you....RT to give them a reason to
Dang Andrea Your The Definition of Gorgeous :)
Thanks for following us!. Great cause!
11 days until REVO San Diego!
Give it to ha in the worst way
Lopez: She fell down stairs other day at Build-A-Bear. Kids laughed at her recently when she lost balance at the zoo. Hard on siblings.
I am trying to get in contact with the for a video shoot i sent 3 emails. Great offer
Awkward moment when some1 says austin mahone cover to rolling in the deep is better than adele.. Sorry but no lol
Media tweeps... story idea: kickball- a unique way to get fit outdoors this spring! DM me or email
no school were is the celebration?
Hm so John Cena claims he's taking a "vacation" yet news just came out about him being confirmed for Marine 3. Interesting timing...
Samuel Grafton~ A penny will hide the biggest star in the Universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
I call those my "protection packages" of you Tony & Lenny. Just in case I have to whip them and bitch slap here & there. LOL
great to hear. The Denver team was an impressive group. #ECET2 Can't wait to visit some time.
venti iced coffee with 3 scoops of sugar and a dash of milk?
Congrats on the nomination! You do such a great job!
Lavazza Espression is featuring a new drink and two new promotions this month! Come the and see what they have to offer!
in that case just bring it with you and get some rest tonight
I really must lose weight... So not happy with my body.
In LA, NY or some other cool city?
Jello Biafra and Nazi punks? I see what you did there.
it looks edited O.0
If you don't want your salad chopped, I don't want to know you.
Yes I just farted. As of right now, it's the only gas I can afford.
drunk or kidnapped again? just kidding lol. have fun I'm on a sailboat boat with David DeRothschild. Not sure how I got here.
This may be sudden notice, but huge birthday celebration tomorrow on Maxwell
May 3, 1971: NPR's All Things Considered broadcasts for the first time. The tote bag market never looks back.
Dude, this internship is freakin awesome. I love free tickets to shows!!!!
wow that's crazy!
Any idea when San Diego Comic Con's pro registration will happen? Or did I miss an email?
And yes... As I was writting my previous tweet I realized that the weekend is also for relaxing, so I am off for a run!!! :-)
right about now _______, the Drunken idiots are on the road, and I'm safely at home.
yep So hows life??
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. – Benjamin Franklin
#Chicken lovers in #Austin, TX can #text POPEYES to 90210 for #discounts & #VIP sale alerts from Popeyes Louisiana Chicken. Yumm!
Popcorn. That's a pretty amazing concept.
Edina holds on to win one in a nail biter. The Hornets move on to the semifinals with a final score of 3-2.
just text me when you ready
Amazing dreads Dre amazing gold watch and amazing red sweater #overallamazing!!
It pretty sure that being a Jets fan pisses everyone off in New England....so I wouldn't wanna start making friends now....GO #JETS!!!!!!!!!
Hi, I am interested in donated a large quantity of snack bars to you guys! Who do I contact first to get the ball rolling :)
what is it?
"Stand for what is right, even if you have to stand alone."
will be at the Laurel Farmers Market Today from 10-2AM at 4215 MacArthur Blvd in Oakland. See you all there!- Chef Toussaint
Salsa Party! Nov. 10th, 7pm-Midnight @ Mr. G's Supper Club, 1547 W. 87th Street!
In fact, you can watch the outdoor big screen tv, too
I'd ask how my friends are doing, but I probably couldn't hear them over the Diablo 3 click-storm.
Come see us 2day from 5-10pm at the I Made It! Market at Bakery Square. Can't make it 2day? We will b there from 12-6 pm 2morrow as well!
Design fails. Fast, small, spectacularly. It needs a naive perspective.
A better question is: "why did you just wake up?"
I need a bow and arrow. I'm serious. And don't ask any f#%king questions.
Yes it has been a long time. I'm fune . How have you been. What do you do for fun, or work?
Gleetards are killing the music industry!
Shouts out to
Huge thx to everyone who came out to The Sweet Lime in Sevierville last night! Great Cinco De Mayo party with Piranah & Scent of Remains!
Random ass folks up here with me
It's fun! I'd be lying if I say I didn't love it. Keep working at it and it'll come for ya
lucky. ours doesn't work.
need tracks from you
Could things possibly get any worse?
RT : Nolan Ryan actually said on today he thinks he could still throw about 85. // I knew it!!
Tim, I know. they wind up at the bottom of my purse with receipts. Or in my wallet. In both cases, I toss 'em.
Ok I'm coming round 6
Our amazing advisor team (, , , , and Geneva Henry) have left the building. Now to work!
Wow the mall of america is gigantic! Just rode some rides #thanks for days off! Time to do some shopping
O, that's a lot of scansion, my friend. Would that I could help.
Just hit that today!
RT : I'm rooting for Pepperoni Melt!
You kids really need to do something about all those donkeys in NYC. It's pretty out of control.
Get off that and get to work with that beat I sent you. Mix/Mastered version should be done by Saturday.
I hate doing things for people and not getting ANYTHING in return.
same. In bed ready to start the dayq
Nap time .. Missing my boo .
So sorry If only you knew I was on YAB, you could have saved the glory for yourself...I guess you're not the mayor after all
Rehearsing demo tracks like mad for studio sessions, kicking off next weekend with LA
what??!!!. U getting married
I saw last tweet first and thought you were talking abt Betty at front desk. Also a saint! :)
"But you have forsaken me and served other gods, so I will no longer save you." Judges 10:13
Great chat today! Let me know if you have more postal service questions ;)
Foundation is my favorite sci fi series. I also like the fantasy series The Chronicles of Amber by Zelazny.
Thanks for helping us sell smoothies today!
opperation break them up and steal him is now in commence.
Gr8 2 have #twitter on the #iphone!
Does anyone else listen to B&S and feel like they are living in the 1970s?
Two other senior officers have been killed with Montgomery and his men are retreating. They left Montgomery's body behind.
doing a grocery store tour? :)
GO AROUND OLD MAN!!!! Hahahaha, best part of my day!
Indeed sir!
Day has been stressful. Technology is great when it works. Great talking to my brother though. Always an upside. :-)
You me Maddie Spa night. We all need to hang out. And we're still on for Friday too.
lets help make that happen with some promotions! Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Everybody has to start somewhere. We want to start with you! Call us today or check out our website 702.499.0071 www.badsuerecords.com
I am the biggest Pacers fan in the world right now
When you leave something, you secretly wanted to come back and get it
im weak!! DEAD! Hahahahhahahahahhahahaha
depends who you pic im not gonna use the heat
I don't.get annoyed easily at all ...but when I do it's
if i did that, id probably get into more trouble than i already am -_-
Holy crap how does Philly not score there?
I Ryan dion hacker just got stuck in a death shroud of a snuggie with a panda bear on it and had to dance my way out. Fml.
Skylar's a crazy bitch. But I love her.
looking through the Scholastic fall catalogue! some awesome YA books coming out!
is that nigga!!! Ain't nobody fuckin wit it...
got any killer bro?
What a gorgeous day. Wish I were outside.
I had a moment of weakness . I learned my lesson lol
Someone hacked me :o
Thanks for the follow! We think you're awesome.
#Nov2010 #SanDiego Political Survey: what issue is the most pressing heading into Nov's election for SD? RT to
oh I totally forgot about cupcakes... Um. You get the choice of cake or cupcake?
Swing batter...
really now? -____________-
Yes that is the good lfe...
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
Thanks for the RT! :)
gym mats gym matting gym flooring - gym mats flooring
Thank you for the RT and follow :) Look forward to your tweets!
your mom looks stunning!!
If only understood the depth and weight of that statement... ;-)
EOGs next week, screw that. -__-
If you've got a good marriage why should you care who anyone else marries? Love first, always.
Would appreciate more information about the August meeting you mentioned in your #usinno presentation
Some folks age gracefully in their professions, mentoring and empowering the next generation. Some become more controlling and nasty.
So happy. SAG-AFTRA is a bouncing baby new UNION. So Happy.
Baseball: Today's game with UW-Platteville has been postponed. The game will be made-up on Monday at 7:00 p.m. at Stampfl Field.
You never have to apologize for your musical roots.
niggas say i'm too dope, i aint sellin it. .. <3 me some tyga c;
Today will be a struggle...
WTF Eastbound? I was promised an Ewok village!!
I've gone over to the other side - Watching ACM's, checking hashtags and Tweeting.
Checking out "Single for Sure DIVERSE live Private Showcase at SIR Studios New" on Indie Music Channel
that is awesome! How did you like the training?
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” ― Joseph Campbell
“: lovely toliet in the background.” Haha! Yes, it's top notch.
RT : the back channel for Jim Knight at TIES
"If they will not understand that we are bringing them a mathematically infallible happiness, >>
I seem to have danced my voice away!
I agree! Music is WONDERFUL! :) the set - mehh not so much...
Pornography is supposed to arouse sexual desires. If pornography is a crime, when will they arrest makers of perfume?
Yall know I'm playing a show on Tuesday, right? with Stephanie, Flexions, and
On the shampoo bottle it says...,lather rinse & repeat but it doesn't say stop..so I'm off to buy more shampoo & a bigger water heater!
I was just telling someone that I wanted to watch this movie this weekend. Love it!
I know! Showing off on all these commercials when she can't do a thing!
Dear Lord, I know every day may not be good, but there is something good in each day. I'm alive. I'm in good health. Thank You!
Always appreciate and respect another's journey... when someone's path takes them in a different direction let go with love and Blessings!
If you knw me, you knw I love the Moon. And that boy been shining bright the last three days. My inner Wolf wants to howl and piss on trees
I honestly am such a mess I can't take it anymore
Had a great date...it was a nice surprise in the middle of the week:)))😘😘😘
Bounce back game! Go Hawks Go!!
now following , FB
- I spend my days lookin through pages, trying to find a way, to get away from me!
when u in the mood && you cant solve it o.O
I'm sure zeta love me btw
Congrats! MT Great weekend in Chicago, took 2nd at MIVA! Heading to Kansas City for NCVF National Volleyball Championships!
Male CEO's or female CEO's? RT Are publicly traded company CEOs paid too much? A large majority of readers think so.
T, wanted to see if I can book you in CHICAGO on the #1 sports talk show in town? We are on from 5-9 AM, want to talk BULLS.
Gotta get my nails done .
Monkeyclaus is getting cleaned up and landscaped for its 6th birthday. We'll share pictures soon! :)
Animal Collective Bargaining
Congrats! ": 9-4, I have been selected to fill Rep. Rhyne's seat."
so that's you!
That happened to me once only I was dreaming and had to answer three riddles then crapped my bed
It's lunch time , any recommendations on where to grab something unique?
I would fly my lil butt to LA for that LOL
This great idea ( quaint small wedding in a royal hotel ) is turning into a bad idea very quickly
Got frozen waffles & we have no toaster. Reading the box: "just slip these wholesome multigrain beauties into the toaster"
Oh, sweetie... you know we can only get crawfish down here!
I will
Everyone is an anchor, the question is are you keeping others where they need to be, or preventing them from where they need to go?
One drink to remember and another to forget... Can't wait for this tour to begin!
Stop in tomorrow for Wellness Wednesdays, all members receive a complimentary top shelf gram with min. donation. Check us out at facsd.org.
Your city has missed you. Welcome home.
se kesto lol, good bro ... You guys still in Utah?
Thank you to all Veterans for your service to our country!
RT Show at Jives coffee shop tomrrow Thursday night at 7pm with and
My 5 yr old would bathe in it. RT : How did she get Nutella on her elbow?!
yeah same.. i could never do it
Hey I just met Angela Johnson! Word up bro! She's awesome!
thank all for all the followers! we appreciate it so much!
damnn pacerrs, you guys are going for a 2-1 series lead. :'')
understood. Well when you have time look up The Greater Heights "Make It Through" on YouTube. Promise you'll like it.
Love that!! RT : RT : Rays come out of dugout to applaud Jeter
Oh, #MadMen, why must we suffer through Henry and Betty so?
Bodyy is all kinds of sore from my workout ;)
Take my hummus, please! (Because, seriously, I'm full and need to stop eating it)
Ugh n there go my feeling running down my face
New Rule: isn't allowed to talk #FIFA13 while I'm in the office... Makes me want to go home and play...
When are you free?
My mom is a Hightower. Family ties from NC, SC, TN, & KY. Wonder if we're related.
nice one :D haha I'm weird
Wondering if the need for Team Leads is symptomatic of an organization's lack of real Leadership.
Friday night #knicks playoff push leggo
Oh, no. I have 21 weeks LEFT. 21 weeks and one day, to be exact. Not that I'm counting.
my stint in Canada for #woc2011 is coming to a close. twas a pleasant experience. renewed appreciation for comm theory types.
Jose Bautista puts Jays on the board in the 4th. Tribe up 4-1
I tried calling you... why did you send me to voicemail? Bah humbug!
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 7
Great meeting with and of ! Big plans for September, and
RT : Thing is, if Klout didn't exist, someone would have to invent it. The urge to quantify the unquantifiable is too strong.
yes. date night?
your welcomee <33 he looks like God ! <33 so sexy
haha will do
Booker T. Washington
Not much of an age difference. I think he should call you Jimmy.
It is not that love is blind. It is that love sees with a painter's eye, finding the essence that renders all else background.
Gotta love the 2nd half of taks days. Movies and nothing.
our alert today LOGL still going and going damn members making alot of money
:) I bet ur havin a blast there. So jealous! Only benefit is that I can watch the draft on 1 screen, & the Giants on the other
thx young lady
haha I was like "what the hell is this.." but that's good :) I think I did well too
most exclusive person ever. Seen only on rare occasions. 👀 hahhaha
We did make this issue free. Next time you want to point at something , let me know and I'll see what I can do.
Today Madison tomorrow Bel Terra:)
“Energy and persistence conquer all things.”
will do
Joy Behar has no patience for the loonies on her show right now, and I was headed to bed, but this is funny.
ugh, i hate this feeling!
Had a blast goin out last night. Now I'm on call chillin. Please don't call me in cb!!!
"Thy sword is unsheathed, sir..." #Shakespeare for
thanks for the follow. Nice blog. Freelance?
Call me crazy but I feel kinda happy. It was a really nice day. 🍓
I like Rick, I wish he could get it turned around. I'd like to see him back to the CU and UW days. Good guy.
's Charles Shaw wine, dubbed #TwoBuckChuck has turned 10 years old and shipped 50 million cases of the different varieties
In honor of the start of 10 days of #SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
ha! La!! Isssy!! You return!!
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in Long Beach..Sell out expected!! For Pre-Sale tickets or bottle service text 562.307.3589
SKY Y U NO RAIN
Are any of you fine social scientists using #R in undergrad methods courses? How has it worked out?
Shit, i just woke up
What's your favorite band/artist right now? Anyone I should be watching?
I'd rather see him than Youkilis w/ his bulbous head & awkward stance. Appreciate the hustle. Hard to compete w/ AJ.
Using that word at all as a pejorative continues to stigmatize people with disabilities. Same as using "gay" as an insult.
Who wants to hang wit me tomorrow tho LOL
I'm doing it again.. Time to release
Hell's yes ! Found designers integral to development of new work in ensemble process.
Jason Taylor sounds genuinely disappointed to have signed a contract with the Jets. Baffling Miami had no interest in him for another year
Way to go, Sarah! :-D
Thanks for the follow Keevon!
it's too early to feel squirley.
oh so cool! mind you play a song for us? a preview?
Overly agitated and aggravated. Definitely don't need added stress right now...
nigga you comin to my graduation tomorrow?!
So whatcha been up to??
Love your Tonyweets. And people in the rest of the country love seeing that guy from HIMYM rap. And Chris Rock!
Every time I plan to take kitteh Page on road trip to visit the parents, she dives under the bed hours before, like she KNOWS...
Omg the parties have finally ended damm! Recover and Study time, no more distractions plz
Trying to decide if I want to delete all #Pisces RED voicemails, texts, emails messages. There's a ton Hm
No life.
Hate crapping in a public restroom!
Good Morning Have a Wonderful day :-)
Thx for the Revolución Shout out!
Chocrotes refused, “I have kept silent for too long my old Master, for I will never stop asking questions and I will never stop being me!”
When's your birthday hoe?!
looovin, is what i got. i said remember that.
The #reds are over-valuing Votto. Good luck with that.
Awesome! Thanks. :)
Girl do you not know you look like a radish on your head😳
www.stardesignsa.com
Awesome vinyl, Delicious drinks tonight!
Eggs, and waffles, and pancakes, oh my! It's Brunch on Boxing Day today! Join us!
we should be right now lol
“: Hope you guys are cool with my decision! It means the world to me that you support me.” I totally support you!
I hate watching movies where the video and audio aren't synched >.<
Good Foul...bad shot.
Cecilia from has given us a run down of some of the statistics of contemporary cities and opportunities that exist in them
Congrats on being our 1,000th follower! We'd send you a FREE sandwich/salad card, but are you near #Chicago or #DC?
That's awesome :)
#Nf thanks for the Follow!
Shaq came to Houston and got rocked like base... man we don't play
them shits pop up on shoe blogs damn near daily... a lot of corny niggas out there
just listened to ”QueenS” .....i'm sold. Dope, love their sound!
haha, yeah, loyalty, or not wanting to answer questions about events.
sent me the video !
Long, yet exciting weekend ! Tons of dancing, lots of fun, and loads of inspiration!
I cant wait either! Of course since I don't have cable I have to go to someone's home and watch it.
For a brief moment just now I channeled my inner black woman. There was a big spider. "oh, hell no" #directquote and I blame
Its the last day of classes. Damm, I really finished my first year of college. That's a huge deal to me. Still got three to go though.
I wanna like buy her new album!
isn't the 2nd #AmericanU related #MTP Trivia winner in recent weeks?
are you stopping in MD?
Edinburgh forever indeed! Wish we were all at Nokia Theater right now
Who is the best summertime band?
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. Mahatma Gandhi
#IfYouWereSmart youd suck that dick! if you dont ... theres a dusty bitch who will.
I tend to not follow if someone is doing more than 15 or 20 unless I know them or they are interesting.
Getting fried the first day of vacation....
Goodnight fellow APUSHers, may the odds be ever so in our favor tomorrow
we missed this! Will they be doing it again?
sorry Amy, ill be at the game
I hate whiny bitches... cowboy up boy!
Ikr I got the video and everything on ph1and I'm listening to it rite now lol
Yes! Thanks 4 sharing. ^staff RT 'It's never too late for you to embrace an audacious vision for your life.'
Follow me!!!! let's see if I can get to 300 folloers by midnight
I regret that I hung on to every word, cause your voice is the worst sound that I've ever heard.
lol no one, I was JS, about this girl..;P
bookclubs and motivation are both way overrated
Thanks for following us! Do you review apps?
RT : #AtosOrigin EVP is speaking w NA Sales & Markets group about 2010 initiatives. Heavy influence on INNOVATION
Happy Halloween everybody.
Killer time tonight with super classy and annoited man of God. come out Rita Ranch Skate Park tomorrow! skate, food, fun!
People that text with commas make me laugh. No one pays attention to that stuff
he'll be good but it prolly won't be at San Fran though. He's got Frank Gore and Brandon Jacobs ahead of him.
Ima be on bad girls one day
everything good. Had a turkey at my sisters crib. How was your thanksgiving day?
man, I had accepted that someone may have taken it by now, but it was still on the table all lined up with the salt and pep ...
and there's lots of em tonight.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
that stupid crap that keeps me in? It's time to win, me and Dez want something to come back to! #only doing it 4 him!
Can't wait for the new light to arrive! Look out Sun, your days are numbered! #exciting!
champagne, o you know i like to keep it classy haha
you are so inspirational! Everyone else, you should follow this guy, he's amazing. :-)
Follow me on Pinbookertwit!
can you see my texts? is she fucking crazy or what? omg! this is exactly why i like attached women... they all fall in love fucking curse!
Damn imma Be a busy girl ......
Walking on a sidewalk. A pigeon just cut me off.
I mean it could be worse.
followed,follow back?<3
Movie Night. $1 Dogs. Burger and fries $6!!! Tomorrow is Steak Night and Football! Open at Noon on Sat and Sun for football!!
as you should!
ma friend stephanie is blaming me for her bf instead of blaming him wanna see more like y she thinks that tell me or ask me n I'll tell u
Hi JWL Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Heard this crazy #Coachella rumor that tupac came back as a hologram. Whatever. Like that happened.
Really cold in Jerusalem! Hail falling in the capital (snow expected SAT night) and 1st graders saying "Snow, snow, I cant believe..."
Lord Daniel Brennan QC, Chairman of Juridica, said: “These are positive results and we look forward to a coming year of significant perform…
Twilight was ok but I will never go to a marathon again
it wasn't him at all. It was me. Sometimes when I date a guy after the 1st week I get super annoyed with everything they do :/
Sure wish macs were more user-friendly. All I want to do is illegally copy dvd's, is that too much to ask for? apparently....
I will seriously do anything to get the hell oh of this house right now
RIP Steve Jobs
Glad to hear! What dish makes your stomach growl the most? :)
just got put in the friendzone -.-
TeamSwaggin thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Ppl with less followers, have them, because their comments are rude & distasteful.
WTG Chris!! RT : Take that or whatever ur name is! Can't argue with facts about housing bubble huh?
#Transportation at #StirOSU - Central Question: How do we get from here to where we need to be?
“: Brilliant radio promotion, or one in bad taste? << what a great idea! Love it.
Just saw Black Swan; wish I was an AMPAS member so I could vote for Portman. Advice to other Best Actress nominees: stay home, it's hers.
2 goals in extra time? Wow. Congrats, Man City...
Take out seton hall today, u guys got this
Posted to facebook about my frame being cracked, today I'm followed by a bike repair company on Twitter. That freaks me out a little.
I'll be there!
I get that all the time xD
Forever sending my sister into the TCBY I used to work at to get me ice cream so I don't have to face my old manager.
sorry! Night =)
NICE!!! So happy you loved our tunes! Sory for the late reply - what was your fav song??
Tweet by made my night-- thanks!
“I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.”
I enjoyed it too. Mellencamp is like Indiana football. Not good.
Getting you pumped for the 405!
You know it! Mostly, it's to keep the two separate... because librarians tweet too much. :P
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
tomorrow 2nd hour will be the longest class of my life. how i dislike math.
i think that and couple name should be Nickus. lmao
Shouts out to my lil bro and the fact that we
me either
Truck #1 is rolling now
Chick -Fil-A :)
They say you don’t feel red wine until you stand up. Along those lines, I don’t feel coffee until I click “Sent Mail”
Are you really gonna go?
Please head to Capitol Hill, preferably near Capitol South metro. We all need a cool treat during recess.
You're gonna stand there an tell me you don't have one single whistlin kitty chaser?
RAWK! It's a good decision. Let me know how it goes!
Remember it's the last day to early vote!
Furious about the name change, but you'll always be wagon wheeless to me
We'd love to know how sees the importance of music in communities
Only cool people own mythical creatures
The Serenity Prayer should always be written in a mixture of Chinese and future-cussin'. /via
The schedule for June and July looks absolutely amazing.
those are amazing!
too late. Next year?
Now Following ..
yes. Damn that was a fun movie.
Thank You I fa sho did some studyin for that test and I'm glad I did
Who won an historic New Orleans housing court case in 1927, that still did little to help the racial discrimination?
“ Where its at tonight !?”
This niggah beside me under arms boof like shit
Fair tonight with my girls! 
damn angry birds Rio, and seasons!!!
Ladies free drinks tonight after party
Brian Klemke wrote: Up way to frickin' early after going to bed so late. Recorded the Pimp and Ho commercial last night for WJJO.
it was great seeing you at #C21GC thanks for imparting your wisdom bro!!
follow me please MB ( PRODIGY ROC PRICETON AND RAY RAY ) i love you!! 1-4-3 .....
appreciative it guys!
does anyone have an extra ball screw for a piercing?
Looking forward to seeing your special guest! Been to long!
You can actually design your own laptop.
Currently have no math teacher.......shes sitting in the next room cause she dosnt think she has a class
There is no such thing as 'normal' pain. The pain is telling you something is wrong. If you don't know what it is, seek professional help.
I enjoyed the presentation yesterday by
First ECA/A/E outreach team lunch sans We'll try to recreate the "What's Potbelly's" joke but wont be the same
I love my dad(:
All things public under assault. The party named for Res Publica, "public matter," should be called The Reprivatans from here on out.
SANTINO....I saw u in tonight's outfit once before......in a WET DREAM.....DAMN U LOOKED SO F___N HOT.....!! Time 4 bed...!!
thanks sweetie
Roger likes it rough
howdy. Lol and sure (:
Yep, looks nasty.
I know but he's just so impossibly handsome and manly.
oh come on it's Madden
Morning Workout Time!
Good Morning World
A debt consolidation bad credit loan is definitely utilized buy in
i know!! it is gonna be hard.
it's faded, so now it back blonde.
Happy New Year!!
Wow is changing my tweets :(
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Hey ! Are the unwiches $1 today too?
damn.. The site is down for maintenance????? Wtf?
I'm sorry baby sweet dreams I love you *kisses* @>----- <3
enough already with the airports! PS do you have a voice today?
lmfao! Ima spray yo ass in the eyes with some cleaner
way to text me back!
Feels good to have the car back! Now let me quit tweeting-while-driving... !
Lancashire is top London pick Lancashire is top London pick. Lancashire has again been highlighted as the standout pick among London mark
RT : As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones
shoulda never let so much time pass by
anytime :p haha
I wanna go to Cedar Point for a day but I'll wait till ppls free passes start rolling
LOOKOUT: Backstage interview with coming soon!
Hi Snap-on in CA! There is no call-in number, but you can tweet to #uwebc questions or comments.
Got tickets to 's Benson Interruption of "Cocktail" on Jan. 13 You should too!
I just left my daughter's 5th grade 'promotion' ceremony. It was nice. We are all very proud of her. Way to go Megan!
How did the interview go?
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever. -Tiger Woods
uh oh Peggy Peggy Peggy help
I was finna say where they do that.
Thank you for the support!
A CPA can help ensure that you’re not paying more taxes than you need, and they can help you hang on to every cent possible in a legal way
Time to see if Narveson has any Nervesons, amiright?
I am not a whore I am not a whore BUT I LIKE TO DO IT
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
Eavesdropping but thank you for this convo and words of wisdom re:fear. Truly heard today after a tough day yest!
My printer ran out of ink while printing out stuff for my strategy file
Hi Tiff, Winners Will Be Announced This Week! have you announced the winners for new country star contest
I couldn't build an app for the life of me but this sounds like a great idea!
Goodnight everyone! goodnight Austin. I love you! - would you like to be my 300th follower, you know what to do.. -
Watching Easy A
Can't image any other team is close, right? RT : Pretty sure that's 5 squeeze bunts for the Brewers in 26 games. 3rd suicide
People are pissing me off. And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade. I wanna go home.
A win against one of the top rebounding/defensive teams IN THE LEAGUE friday would mean something. Don't get hyped over beating the Portland
I'm still following you, even though we disagree, lol. :)
Capturing the Friedmans! Well... maybe not. Had to mention it somehow. RT Rare thing for doc to witness people falling in love.
Ha! Madge being the worse offender of all...
RT : Pacific Tsunami Warning Center cancels tsunami warning for Hawaii.
JUST ANNOUNCED: www.jsonline.com/entertainment/musicandnightlife/89883517.html
Does he believe in superiority of NL ball? Hard to turn down a Nats-fan educator.
AWW I'm sure theyre not plotting revenge all the time,some of the time theyre probably just holding a grudge haha
Great ass weekend so far
Blog, Blog, Blog, Who needs a Custom Blog? Anyone who can't afford a full blown website but needs exposure. Tweet me for examples or help..
I agree on the Thin Mints. Have you tried Dryers Thin Mint ice cream?
Totally agree!.. 💗
.. Now...MOVE THE CONVENTION!!!
this swisher is a great way to start the night (;
Just saw #Avengers a few hours ago. Hulk stole the show!
Where's everybody gunna get shitfaced n taken advantage of tonight? :-)
totally missed your writeup. Will look for it now
Daniel Aleshire of ATS to speak at CHEA's Annual Conference. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Send us home, man.
we broke up, and it was spreading truth by request of many twitterers, not airing dirty laundry. peace <3
I thought so too. Vick villified for dog abuse, Chris Brown gets Grammy for domestic abuse.
When no texts me <
Is emotionally damaged the new black or something? -shakes head-
chain-gang niggah on da raise.
I love your profile pic, beautiful!
ohh. I'm guessing you like it? :)
Muffin Top Blast!
Show rehearsals on the way.lol
To use Or Not To use Google Adwords | CUNY GC Sociology Web ...
The most embarrassing thing happened to me :(
too bad....we were thinking about a #vuvuzela premiere this morning!
I'm not sure if this is supposed to be cute or if there is something serious wrong with that panda. :P
Rip larry munson
I think we should reword "engaged" to "engaging" first, what do you think?
We knocking the heck outta #MyBucketList... I ❤ these #SuperSaturdays!! #CampingBound is gonna be INSANITY!! Y'all are too much!
Well , idk why I have one... RT : lol im straight! =)
RT : Rioting leads to pollution. I expect more of you.
Awww you rock! I'm gonna try my best, senior year's is going to be awesome! :)
hey punk today is my birthday could you please wish me a happt birthday? thatd be f'n awesome
WHY MUST OUR BATHROOM/SHOWER OVER FLOW NOW?!
No new ideas @ prom rec reading & lasted less than 1hr for a 2hr block! Off to find another session
you can dm/ email it to me or you can contact him at
Don't fret your 15 is almost up RT Dad Addresses Viral Laptop Shooting After Daughter's FB Post [QUOTES] - on.mash.to/yMfEaf
There is only one terminal dignity - love.
Juliet Simms. Damn. I'm looking forward to an album from her.
i dont want to follow justin bieber btfo
Angela We're going to give you a special gift when our site is back up and running! Thanks again!
oh. It's nothing. I'll be okay boo. Dont worry
lol I wanna reach 2k soon..
I want to trust you again
Didn't see dat coming did u *grin.
I got an electric blanket for Christmas!
...Now that we've climbed the Mt. Everest of work problems, I have a game watching date with my Celtics fan twin brother. *happy-dance*
Good luck!! You will beast it up, I'm sure of it!
What a Field Day! I made 81 HF contacts with most of them being on 10 meters. My throat is sore from calling CQ so much.
Hey peeps I need a good suggestion for a book club book? What's one of ur GABA?
I just got done professionally designing my page MYSELF . Had some studying to do but at lease I didn't have to pay $800 for a web designer!
Today was a great day to walk around NYC cool and overcast. Great way to remember the 10 year anniversary of 9-11.
Nasal obstruction primary complaint of many patients, continued use of nasal steroids is a good starting point
rock and undertaker
He says all the right things at exactly the right time
Awww... My heart is bigger only because of all of you here!
Thanks girl!
can't get the live stream to load...
Happy Earth Day!
Love is beautiful when it's shared but ugly when hidden...it shouldn't feel like a burden cuz it's a blessing but many ppl don't agree...so
Happy #easter Hope it's been great! THX for
of course!(:
PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT! LOVE YOU :*
Update: Display system is SOLD!
I hope you get it Macy
Watching some college basketball!
Glad you had a nice time!
lol - I know the feeling.
even with the portal. It's ugly
...waiting for: I DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS!!!!
"Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn." - Hesiod
RT Mebbee I will. Mebbee I won't. Just Mebbee. Sounds allot like Mitt!
Thanks, all! I'm favorably disposed.
I'm so proud of the IB seniors
I'm in for Andy today in the FOX 12 Weather Center. I'll have your cool, wet forecast on Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM!
thats my baby
So, I'm searching for casting calls. ;o
Bark!!!! That's the sound of my feet...however dons Triumph pub for dinner-seated right away-now to not fall asleep in my food...
soon enough. You just gotta find time in your busy schedule to hang out with me!
Haha you have to wait for that second wind to kick in and you can usually down at least one more bite...then the self loathing.
challenging him to fight to the death. What has saved him is that he hasn’t been able to meet the violence.
Happy Easter :)
thank you man! Keep up the good work!
Watching "The Sitter".....this movie is halarious!..
I can make a good girl go bad..... Lol
OMG. I think I spoke too soon. That walker just shut Dale up in a very gruesome way.
The awkward moment when someone deletes their comments on Facebook and you look like you're talking to yourself.
My bf likes to pretend abuse me in public
at work lol
We had a great time at yesterday's Reston Community Center Pet Expo. A big thank you to everyone who came out and supported us!
can't see GB being passed over for multiple years unless duke/UNC shut down mens bball.
Watching on Ridiculousness with guys are hilarious!
Working on a NEW project. Can't wait to share it with y'all!
Does a tweet suffice for a happy birthday to from her brother?
+~~+_- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
RIGHT? I mean, dude can sing all right, but the way he ends every word with EEEAAAAAA makes me want to claw my ears off.
i tried to get ya name on the ballot for best female rap artist
Getting off for a while...bye
thanks for the reminder!
ALWAYS... stupid fucking people have NO IDEA how hockey works.
Lake Front Beer Battered Sweet water Organic's Perch --- tonight only!
it's ok I won't judge you based on your slippers lmao
What are you kidding me why didn't you say anything? I'm so sorry I had no idea but why didn't you say anything? !*)
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
Flash Flood Warning here in Dayton...they just came on TV and said "move quickly to save your life" Wow they are serious here in Dayton
Very pretty!! :)
I can say that I've had the best time at #NGS2012. There are so many smart, passionate, funny genealogists. Learned so much my brain hurts.
Our first ever power outage! Exciting times on the hill...
Padres just turned a triple play vs the mets
who has the worse fan base.. sixers or hawks, I think its a tie.
#know12 David Smoley on now: CIO OF Flextronics. Mad tech world: breaking tradition, behaving differently
Now i understand how got bullied even more.
Disparity in school discipline in MI: African Americans make up 20% of student population as a whole, but 39% of expelled students
Watching stepbrothers with boyfran (:
Go Owls! Temple vs. SFU in about 45 minutes
Possible: FREE Issue of KIWI Magazine « Free stuff
watchin' a movie with my bestfriend . text me (:
I'll cross mine for ya too!
Even though my dog has lived on a golf course for three years he still barks when he sees golfers. So annoying
lmao gotta love !
so 250 is put of the question???? Hahahahaha
"been benefitted" is terrible grammar by the way lol. Didn't realize I put that
If you want to convey urgency, if you want to change minds, you need to see a human face.
Complete sleaze...but hey, its Friday RT : Do you feel like a TMZ "reporter"?
He that is busy is tempted by but one devil. He that is idle, by a legion. ~Thomas Fuller
please follow me!<3333
how was prom?
Joe, according to NFL scouts?
They stole my boys ipod when we catch him were gonna steal his life
Yah so dam sad.
pain fills the heart and becomes heavy not allowing me to sleep thoughts of what if coulda been should of been or could of been come to mind
Grad students: have you registered for your next course? Contact your Program Chair to set up your class for Monday!
Were missing Shump A LOT. With Stat out, we could have moved fields to SF. I guess we can still do that & have Smith start
I'm so tired and I hate my stepdad does anyone know a hitman?! JK JK :/
Please excuse Gordy from school today, he left his brain on the subway.
Third time I've lost my keys in 2 mos - so frustrating, ugh :/
you are correct!
If we allow Kardashians to marry, we should allow gays to marry.
when r u free
I will tnks so much
Plus I had to find out on Facebook #humiliationheapedonhumiliation and a book tower collapsed this afternoon wiping out the health tent.
420 Fail: Rolled up and ready to spark, but no lighter....wtf...smh!!!!
I seriously loved his jacket. I didn't see the problem.
ravins at Monroe dude I was hoping thEy wouldn't get him
RT : "Only 20-25% of humanity actually uses the Web at all." Tim Berners-Lee
"Are there any guys in your dance class?" "oh yeah." "don't they know that dance is for girls?" This really made me angry. VERY VERY ANGRY.
thanks for contending for the faith.
#ogw Seattle CIO: Deputize also means giving citizens tools to do better block watches, like crime data.
Looking forward to tweeting with you!
hey there.. how are you? Haven't heard from ya for a while.. thanks for the mention today!
did u do LA
Early signs of periodontal disease: Increasingly foul-smelling breath
yes sir we sure do!
I hope the #Lakers get rolled this game.
Running on 1 hour of sleep! Ugh FML
Why wouldnt they let her go? Its free food for her!
Who are these people who applaud mention of capital punishment and laugh at the plight of the uninsured?
O tempora! O mores!
Trying to focus on this exam, but OKC and LAL are about to play!! Ah! 😍OKC!!
good shit yesterday man
Sounds great, thanks for the shout and for thinking of us!
I'll have an answer for you Monday latest. I expect we are in.
I Don't Follow TeamOMG
I actually liked avengers. Thought it would be extremely corny, which it was, but I liked it.
What moron ruins the greatness of prunes by stewing them? Prunes are a raw food people.
Nice outing, Clay.
They are playing FOR CP3.... Dude gotta be hurting.
Thanks bro RT : Everyone follow his music is tight and his beats are on fire
WITTY WED: Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Raising children in stairwells and from couch to couch is something that I am NOT going to support. We need to find more $$ for shelters.
So Mayweather's entourage: Bieber?! Really?!
#3Days.. I'm ready
Houston you have a problem. Brad Mills is an idiot!
will be releasing their newest song "Sugar Rush" in one week! Be sure to get it on July 20th! Trust me, you'll love it!
watching Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol then study the rest of the day for my history exam
But I'm the boss .
I love aquamarine
'We aim to fees.' -Ticket Master
If you could buy a house anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
I'm stupid? smh, just drop it damn.
My Milkshake brings all the boy to the yard and they're like "it's better than yours." Damn right it's better than yours. I could teach you.
Thank you for your very kind words! I am so pleased to know you love your Canyon Group robe!
My son started walking at 8 months and he's been going ever since.
#oomf is just to cute
NOW I WANT LOBSTER. thank you for supporting my cravings.
looking forward to tomorrow's #gasparilla race in
Trying to find people
#Trollhunter was pretty awesome. If trollology was a subject, Id study it.
I just had a life changing experience.
follow me please (:
neat watching you two. Thanks for catching
#MyBiggestProblem running out of money for abortions.
A year ago today I moved to LA! So crazy how time flies, I'm so lucky to be surrounded by great roommates and friends!
This BABIP bullshit needs to end.
Is it me or does baron Zimo dress like a pimp?
Actions are able to prove why sometimes words mean nothing.
Oh man, that's still funny. :)
Looking for sample letter to send parents explaining blogs for highschool students
Uggghhh...school in the morning
Guess that means im "techanically" in love with Justin Bieber
Don't complicate my life with your mediocrity.
. on stef's diagnosis: This is an opportunity to make a difference
thats cool but what about the rest of the us? like West palm beach fl would love to see U!! so please enough texas and ca!!
Face it you're never bringing them home you damn lying asshole using that part as an excuse to be elected president.
so sad I missed your performance at Hotel Cafe =( =(
you bet!!
Thanks for the retweet.
Boxwire #BizTip: The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. Customers just don't fall in your lap, get after it!
Damn, what I’d do to have you here?
I seen your videos on vimeo
hey I have a question for u, r u doing playgrounds this summer?
Let's go grizz!!
#20ThingsAboutMe there's a fine line from me liking someone & thinking they're cute.
clean my house :(
Back at it #internship #dowork .......3 more days till playtime in #seattle !
Bridesmaids is so much funnier than Hangover Part II. Run to see Bridesmaids. You won't regret it.
RT : Coffee trivia: it takes 42 beans to make 1 cup of espresso
good call on
welp...prayer is what gets me through ALL reps LOL
Sigh. Everyone is ignoring me. But, its good.
Yes, anarchy and chaos would predominate. World ends kind of stuff.
Thought of the day: “Google can bring you back 100,000 answers. A librarian can bring you back the right one.” — Neil Gaiman
Show choir concert tonight. get to see some really awesome people. :)
Can't believe I'm gonna be 14 in a few dayss..
I had a custom romaine toss with carrots, edamame, dried cranberries, and blue cheese with balsamic dressing. The best!
False alarm. Apparently, someone tried to break into the pool. I swear it wasn't me! :)
And not caring about things that do: ie. monetary policy.
I may be deep..philosophical and wise, but I am girl...and I just bought the cutest shoes...on sale...
Whenever I run into the Gross downstairs neighbor, I hear in my head Hannibal Lecter, "We begin by coveting what we see every day..."
Ive been crying all night if u rt this i would be happier *DoNt.HoLd.YoUr.BrEaTh<3*
.... haha I've been hung up on everytime I've called xD for like the last two minutes
holocaust museum on saturday or what
Lmao i know what u mean ": Watched the passion of the Christ on Netflix......I shouldn't have!"
I miss the drunk nights of dancing to "Don't Stop Believing" with
investors are not panicking in the face of political and economic uncertainty, a positive sign for continued recovery in 2012
We are brooms! Wish i was going to disney on ice this year.
we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !
Dolphins were solid last season with Matt Moore at QB so if Tannehill can live up to his expectations then they will be a
quite an awesome email at that
People are so dumb to have a "Secret" Relationships they are really a moron for doing it lol
is all ready to join Patriots. Signed this morning.
“: Always, there is a reason they only let u do it 18 times RT : Always tee up an iron on par 3's?”
Tonite, take the PLEDGE at Wild Thursdays! $5 w/College ID until 11 pm! 21+ Free b4 11 w/STYLUS text! Hosted bar + drag show! Victor Hotel!
Really!? I can't believe they changed the name of this rivalry to "red river rivalry" instead of the "red river shootout". Stop this anti...
Madden relates talk w/ then-Speaker Craddick when he got Corrections chairman: don't build more prisons, they cost too much.
Trying to perfect my e-portfolio is becoming an endlessly experimental task. Luckily Dreamweaver seems stuck in permanent free-trial mode.
Off work and now I do believe it is time for a nap :)
We're @ a major food show in Anaheim. The International Deli Dairy Bakery Association. Booth#3372. Free samples!
Batman is epic :D
love my HATERS!
#SouthWindsor CT gets their first today! So glad to be here and glad the rain didn't come!
The Simply Sweet Shoppe of Carmel, IN NOW HAS A TWITTER!!!
it won't a bad game, we just made them play our game
Do what it takes to follow your dream! Don't ever give up or let go only adjust and move forward. You are a blessing to others "Smile" LG
Rule Number 1 Don't Be a Booty Call
Not over yet
I'm late, but I'm catching up on Smash, and some of this stuff is hitting home - hard! (I've been replaced by a celeb. - it sucks.)
Kinda stuck drinking Alaskan Barley Wine. :)
Ah, spring, the cruelest of seasons. Like a lover that keeps sending mixed signals.
Remember tickets are now on sale for our show on January 21st here in lubbock, tx. Get them at any united supermarket or select-a-seat loc.
I can't believe today is my last day of class. 2 years have gone by like lightning. I'm scared.
I'm waiting
": there'll be a re-match, i'm sure!" I'd rather see Condit vs myself
I have a feeling you make up some good BBQ.
Guessing mayor hasnt spent hour standing on bus. Passengers calm though. RT : Mayor asks all residents to remain calm during outage.
aww poor kid. :( hope he feels better.
TGIF! We're ready for Fusion Fridays with music mixed by DJ Stix, guest host Danger, and live drums by Chris B!
omg! My stomach hurts so bad :((
AWESOME WELCOME BACK!!!
lol he can teach me how to get better at math !!!
We still on?
I don't see how some of y'all stay tweeting every 5min 24/7 365. You can't be working.
They are zoo keepers and every body knows at this zoo a zoo keeper's tail grows longer each time they tell a lie!
Let's go Heat !! kick up time big dog !!
Good thing I bombed stats. Kimmie is not pleased.
I definitely heard it through the 8 bus window last week on Greenmount too haha.
thanks a bunch!!!!
Follow any dreams in your heart.Your always special in anyway you are.Above thousands stars rise the sky.Question wat am i gonna do in life.
Aw so cute!
I was falling off the upstairs :(
I just read it and thought it looked cool... I guess I was wrong.. All that information is crazy
It will be videotaped so check the website after the concert.
No, a paper for another class. I think I'mma just start prosem and give up on this one for now. lol. U started prosem?
One of these!
I just look at my room and think it's such a lost cause..
I had a very light dinner so I'm hungry as heck now. How are you and Sky?
#7 "I need glasses, I told you that before."
The latest recipe by was just consumed by yours truly and boy was it awesome!
Well That Just Put A Disgusting Yet Hilarious Image In My Mind! (:
day 1 of bridgepocalypse commute completed in 1 he 20 min. w/o incident. good call taking I71
Chuck Norris doesn't use pickup lines, he simply says, 'Now.'
Nicholas acting stoopid .
Nick Perry welcome to #packernation you'll be a great 1-2 punch with
uhh huh come on after the club strip when i get u home strip we on that grown shit.....
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. Oppenheim, James
+RT : Praise to allah on that one RT Like, Smash Simmons Is A COLD Muslim Rapper.
Bug spray is whack man..Avon skin so soft is still the SHIGGITY! LOL!
If I Die Tomorrow no one would care :(
Good morning Drew! Have a great session!
all i did was post it, man. but that is a live fucking track, so plz don't stop!!
phew! Thanks.
Had a great time at UFI. Thanks to the organizers, the venue and the sponsors for a GREAT time!
u wanna see the smurfs movie? What tank got new?
“: It is possible to be active in the church and less active in the gospel. #ldsconf” something to think about!
Ya know, Tosh.0 is kind of annoying. -___-
loved it! You should write a book. I am Binnee, hear me roar.
Can't wait to visit tomorrow for Mindy's birthday!!
Beth just fell in gym!!
my name is amy elliott bragg and I love
I think I got it figured out. Thanks for your help!
no problem! Sounds very reasonable to me ;)
One step closer (:
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
For them to put music back on. RT Amazing MTV Pilot #Casting Now! What are you waiting for?
dear ipod shuffle: thank you for switching from elliot smith --> death cab for cutie. i forgot about how awesome the past was
FASHION TIP: Patterned & textured tights -- make a good outfit great -- get some today!
lol ok. You have really cool eyeballs I like them
if your language has a history of being set well, take a hint from that history. English is *not* Italian.
Hi Tyler, sorry I have not tasted your wines but I perused your website and I'm betting they're excellent. Are they in Texas?
#hitrunthrow deserves the hash tag
Also, MISS YOU!
Can't wait for vacation
so, you delete me off facebook, and unfollow me on twitter, I've NEVER spoken to you lmao, smooth.
some kids vaccine thing... Your welcome haha
Agreed, but there's only so much one guy can do.
What if instead of elevators, we used ferris wheels?
Somebody needs to hire Linda Cohen on ESPN a stylist... Good reporter bad dresser!!
We have posted an update at rocketheartrecords.com concerning the shipping of More updates to come.
wow/sounds great: im A-BLOWN, away, E! 😉 RT Just pan-seared fresh Morro Bay abalone that + scored on shoot
Shrook is bringing me an iPod later >>
Its the weekend so I'm movin' like Bern!
Just saw your new hair color in your picture! #loveit <3
i got you bro
Spurs & Heat u mean right
Paige Hemmis from Extreme Makeover "Home Edition" will be on-air with us in minutes...blonde day is on
We have some exiting stuff coming up! Thank you guys for all your support :)
we are working on that soon!
#YUM indeed!
Today is National GRILLed Cheese Sandwich Day! Anyone see an important word in this post??
jeez! Two weeks later is that soon enough? You should text me, I need legal counsel for my shenanigans
I hate driving through Pennsylvania...... 
That must make day-old pound cake the Nickleback of desserts.
haha ya i posted that a while ago!
- Thanks for the tour and bbq ribs. We appreciate you as a supplier - #APLD Phx AZ Distric
the "No Sale" group is meeting here tonight. Great turnout! They've basically taken over the place.
Excited for a little date night tonight w/ , sorry , you have to hang out with grandma tonight!
RT : thanks for the shout out! Happy Monday!
Cast our votes!
I dreamt that I was race car driver. My gear bag was the size of a car & required 4 people to carry.
Tomorrow Tues. Feb 2th 3rd Annual Kick-Off event! Steve Aoki spinning in the Wynn. Presented by Puma.
HA perfect : fixed RT : Who's gonna do it, you? You Lt. Leivenberg (last one from me.This could go on for days)
Super pissed that someone dinged the hell out of my door. #c'monman
Working with 2 amazingly photogenic actresses today...getting some great shots!!
we should
yeah it's hard to find a good one and one where people are professional about it too.. we're doing pop/rock
Back in SB. Looking forward to a great new year, a great new semester, and great new faces.
Ugh I have chicken legs ! How do make ur legs grow fat?
haha yup you were wrong
dang Ur shows are awesome
you're confusing me if you're serious hit my phone
So sorry about sweet son being bullied by teachers. Posted your website link, video in 19 of my LinkedIn groups & tweeted.
sorry he's fine but he's sick rite now sore throat
how long does it usually take for a session to be available for download?
Gave up a cushy seat so 2 friends could travel together. Now sitting next man typing on iPad w the volume on. Wheres the good train karma?
YAY!!!! where are you girl???
": Play #drawsomething w/me? I'm DaNapkin. Great viz thinking practice. You *must* play"> THIS is who u should play w/!
Someday we'll find it, the Rainbow Connection.
don't use it professionally at this point.
I fully appreciate biscuits and I am offended by any suggestion otherwise
Thanx ken, u rule!! RT : wow you guys like the best music, and I can't wait to buy your new record on June 12!!!
GOP is a pile of liars who think we know nothing about their misinformation campaign! #waronwomen NOT MYTH #lovebigoil NOT MYTH!!!!!
I want some tgi Fridays..
Tyler Champagne will shoot two commercials this week! Now that's a booker!!!!!!
omg that's amazing! you're very talented! i bet she'll love it :)
I Cried When I realized my grandma has more of a social life than I do
Taco Shop on University Ave delivers
This bitch on fb pissed me off with the comment she left on my uncle's status..I see why my sisters never liked her ass
Wish I could do that.
Little bitches get out, we don't want no skinny bitches! Big booty bitches!
You must empty your cup before it can be re-filled.
I just saw Hatchet for the first time! Sorry to be so late to the lovefest, but it's now a favorite!
tailgate time!! Yeahh buddy ;)
Us too! Stay tuned for chic handbags from these savvy sisters =) RT : is excited to work with !
