Inspiration can come from the most random things
Hey guys get those going world wide (: #mahomies if your a true mahomie then RT this (:
Let's see what's going on inside the mind of : IF I DON'T AGREE WITH YOU, U MUST BE A RACIST.
TMMK CHAMPS no big deal!
Headed to Oklahoma State football watch party with Dallas alumni! Humperdinks on Greenville!
Be yourself. An original is always worth more than a copy.
Brady wins 3 superbowls and 2 MVP awards but is seen as weak because of his wife's email? How do we define strength these days? FU NY POST!
Honestly I Think Mona Is "A" . #PrettyLittleLiars .
don't get sea sick bro!
Hi too
Hormones. Never mind the mustache
It's a Nacho kind of Afternoon.
crushin' pretty hard
Got an unexpected visit today ... still :) then KDC came by. Not sure what's goin on with us anymore, but I still love him regardless <3
big questions here in this small ICC room.
RT : Let's go Lincy! Help yourself out!
LOL, what kind of music?
Good lunch with Great people yesterday...
back to Ohio from L.A. On April 24
bc I was blessed ... lol jk I prob. Know who u are talking about though
#word #andbooks ;) RT : The most interesting people are always at Half Price Books.
I came up with that pretty fast...as they say, speed kills. :)
Minimum 30 minute delay. Earliest we will resume is at 6:30pm. Stay tuned for updates
yeah, damnit i can't remember his name now... he came up from A on fire, then couldn't get a hit for anything... drawing a blank
Just tried it - no fish taste! Lots of people here took samples so I'll let you know any reax. Thanks!!
whatever you do just dont tell me you love me
“: Don't make eye contact with them they will stare at you” lmaoooo
It might officially be time to decommission the fire escape for recreational use.
congrats on the launch -- it was a long wait to see what you've been up to!
Have a lovely Saturday Sybil! :)
Great job Christian. A great cause as well :))
My mom told me if I died, she would get my Mac.
I spray perfume from my neck down to my legs. I like to smell good from head to toe
I need a W to win this week! I'm pulling for Danks a bit more than usual (if such a thing is possible)
#youwerecooluntil you hated on
you don't want to know.
We'd love to have you come up! RT I think I'm driving up for a game :)
If anyone ask me to choose between Jonas Brothers and One Direction...I'd rather choose neither. I love them both. So much.
I expect to see pictures on instagram ;)
Wait.... do people actually eat at Quiznos?
you woke up single? Damn! Ha! I'm sad I'm not going too! But watched out Colorado! That state isn't going to know what hit them!
In fairness, I'll accept either amount if anyone wants to deposit it to my bank account. ;-)
a private social network for businesses. kinda like a Facebook group.
Oh wow still lots of snow! Gorgeous!
Davey at least has him on a leash tonight, wising up. RT : Burnett warming as H-Rod falls behind 3-1 to Maybin.
What about flour?
Thanks! I was just reading about that one! :)
Me too Meg! Most of those spots are gone now. Replaced by places with more sophistication, healthier, not as much grease or grit!
The last tweet from such a powerful story!
lord knows i only have a handful
AWESOME!!! Thank you all!
No Nikki. No.
#MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it? Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a $1 #Bartab drink before?
If shampoo is not according to one's hair type then it will also create problem of hair loss
that was no accident! He was giving a demo of what happens after church.
good for you
No, but I did convince him to take a short lunch and go home early!!! LOL! Meet you at Via SOON!
god i cant believe harry took the time to fuck a girl he met at a club but didn't even acknowledge of the fans being there
ah got it.
If one more person asks me,"I thought you graduated?" I'm punching them in the face
That's really cool,Is it home based or at a location? I look forward to maybe one day working together.
Great to meet you @ the #RecruitMilitary job fair & learning about
#IfTwitterWereHighschool there would be a lot more drama
Will be presenting at LA Joyce conference Monday on "Ulysses Emergent"--a paper on reading Ulysses as a recurisve magazine serial.
Thank goodness Brown skated away from that.
My moms going to be waking me up early tomorrow. so goodnight & God bless. ALSO Congrat 2 my cousin 4 gettin 1D tickets!
Wow...this #Miami #Heat thing has people making this a racial debate. Currently listening to two guys going at it on the bus. WTF!!!
Days like this one wants to just chill & relax with a special someone!
Who watching X-Factor????
What time is it when an elephant sits on your car? Time to get a new car.
Can't sleep /:
I miss my boo tho :/
THE BEST MOTHERS DAY:)
I don't think I've ever purchased "Kobe beef" but practically every restaurant has it listed. What are people eating/paying for?!
In the quiet isolation of my mind, truth show itself through patient, honest listening. It is there I can craft my own path & own salvation.
I'm scratching my ear
Now: Imagining Class in America and American Studies -- packed room!
Sarah Palin Commissions Weird Al to write a parody of "Brenda's Got A Baby" by Tupac --- "Bristols Gotta Baby"
not out.. In general. Drinks soon!!
people who don't respond to trades.
Hooray! It's Opening Day!!
Now this is what #Buffs basketball looks like. Hopefully we can play 2 halves!
“: Tannehill is already twice the QB Marino ever was. #Heh”
maybe #inspiring others if she makes it on NBC's America's Got Talent
Good call.
What a day what a day no coment. Time for training....
Don't wanna go
lol confused about what
Yes, he was surprised that source code -- not images or other typically larger IP files -- was taking so much space.
RT : Only 30 days until commencement. What is left on your bucket list to do at #UWM?
"Either Way" - Absolutely Amazing! I'm so jealous I can't write a song like that. I get chills when I hear the song.
super stoked about this friday in Chapel hill with
Yum! My building smells like grilled food and tator tots. Not the motivation I need to go running!
#TeachTwitter hi everyone sorry I missed this session taking care of my Dad in hospice facilty
I haven't passed one APUSH test this year, there is no way in hell I'm passing my AP exam next Friday.
You deserve better than a lie...,
Life is what we believe it to be, and as beautiful as we make it. It's human to give in now and then... The idea is to learn from it.
Ahh yeah, I feel your pain. I decided to stay home and stay there all of august instead.
RT #Huguely defense is done except for medical testimony.
you're welcome doll! Yes text me
springtime cold and allergies have really cut into my social media activity.
Thanks for following, C.S.!
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. A. A. Milne (1882 - 1956)
. i hear waving a bible and speaking in tongues gets you 'entourage' access.
those will get you tight!!! and you can work on them all day
since when?!
I know lol
When she talk I always listen but when I talk it seems like what I say isn't important enough for her to at any attention.
Fun tweet up!
Thank you
that's so silly!
what time??
if u not seen green... better be wearing red!!!
I find myself changing the channel whenever it's tuned to MSNBC or FOX News b/c I feel like watching it is just encouraging them.
haha yeah batman! Pizza :)
POSTURE CHECK!!! Sit up straight! Abs in, chest up, shoulders back, head floating high <3
Bubba Watson just won the masters. Can I get a Hell yeah.
just the first time i've admitted it publicly.
The City Farmer: Learning Farm cultivates minds
- Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to Milwaukee Day! :)
PLEASE PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY-BIRTHDAY TODAY OR FOLLOW ME!?:)
Hopefully I'll get closer that way next summer. Would love to play MoROCKo ;)
It might be a big deal if the game was televised
Remembering when I was 8 & flying 1st class on & I had the same seat! In the end, I got the seat! Thanks, Jay!
OMG! Adorable!
DQ doesn't deliver, but does...
Prepared for the #OnMedia conference today here in #NYC. Excited to learn about all these cool companies!
LOVE THIS: "Everything will be alright in the end. If it is not alright, it is not the end."
its better than english, trust me. ooh she's bending over!
80+ Sunday in Vegas…and Im inside watching Thor cuz said if I wanna see Avengers tn with the big boys I had to do my homework
yes - they are starting fresh so I make a point. for me I need to redo my habits
excellent photo. more pics please! Thanks.
35k at 1/2k about 10 ppl from itm. Wish I didn't take some high variance lines early in the day. Not much room to maneuver on the bubble.
oh its a pretty sweet job, I tell you :p.
Listening to give us social media tips at
Asm. Block speaking on AB 648 commutation notification legislation!
Fears keep you from living your life to the fullest. Overcome your fears and finally start living.
Morning!!! Getting ready to leave for school!!
Thanks bro
Forgot my hat today, so I got my vitamin D for the day while waiting for the bus.
thank you so much. we appreciate your support.
I don't know why! but I also don't know why not.
Mickey Rooney in Night at the Museum reminds me of Hank Hills dad.
ESPN Zone :) and I cut my foot and it is gushing blood....
Tweet me BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE and I'll RT it! -J
Yanni?? Really. Real famous. Check out YouTube.
Church #sucks. -But my grandmother is 91 years old and she wants us to go.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 41
Start building a community around your videos, by commenting on other people's videos. The more you post, the more you get back :)
Sweet. Unexpected chocolate Santa in desk drawer makes my morning.
Home/Business automatic standby generators starting at $ 79.00/month
Morning- yes...he's real....thanks for the heads up.
I wish I could tell her how much I
Got a story for you...check your inbox.
Anybody who knows me, knows that I'm A "FASHION REBEL"
Jindal lost it the day he did the rebuttal to the state of the union speech a couple years back. He's terrible.
nail glue ruins your nails!
Sitting out infront of Dairy Cream like a derp ):
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
without football summer would be terrible
Mike Emrick's going to be lucky to have a voice after this series is over.
Your killing me today bro! My coworkers are going to put me out for laughing so hard at these topics."MEN AIN'T SHIT!!!" LOL!!
okay thank goodness! Thought we had to get married for a sec. I was almost on my way to kay jewelers 💍
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo its easier to tell a lie then the truth trust no one
lol super cute
OH: let's see if any hot chicks called me. -
Hey Brian! Hope all is well! Will be in L.A. for Allstar weekend-doing a few events-lets talk this week!
BellBrook Labs: iuvo Microconduit Array Platform enabling high-content, functional cell based assays.
I know I thought my windows were gonna blow out!
Maroon's 5 new song >>>>>
I'm glad I don't where skinny jeans cause it's hot outside
Sell crazy someplace else, we're all stocked up here.
~I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go~ Langston Hughes
thanks. I'm kind of serious about it, actually. But I have to write two books first...
Tonight!!! The DISCOUNT HEROES Album Release showcase at !! Get there by 8pm to catch all the great acts & support The Heroes!
Fast five >
This is going to be a HOT CONCERT
Say it ain't so! RT BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
good luck to at the American Triple T. sorry I'm missing the fun!!!
Has anybody else been getting flooded with event invites? It's starting to get ridiculous.
just let russian father know who make you mad, and he will beat them up(:
I treat my baby sister like a princess ^_^
Follow : #Giveaway Alert! Once we reach 7,750 followers, a random follower will win this prize pack! t.co/XMACfBd
Tapestry was distributed during QRT. Come get one in room 176!
Congrats to Gary Johnson for getting the Libertarian nomination yesterday. I'm not gonna vote for you, but congrats nonetheless.
Someone from Roby College (Liverpool, UK) tried to sign me up for Facebook. Thanks, but no need for A-Levels now! Wrong country, wrong age!
Please let this FTP/Stars news be true. Having a day called #blackfriday is bad enough, really don't want to deal with
what's the deal with McDonald's and their bootleg nugget sauce.. Too many choices..I think i might try to be adventurous
i love sleeping, & waking up not tired. cause usually im still tiredd.:b
Guess I won't have to Apologize anymore.
ah do I get to see you tonight?
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis. Sincerely, confused.
got the first four seasons of Friends on dvd in my easter basket... guess I'm not getting much done
If Chris Mann or Juliet Simms doesn't win The Voice I'll throw a fit.
I wouldn't even be able to move in that -_- I just don't get it
Who wants to skype?!
Hi Aileen! Thanks for the RT ... still waiting for your responses (nudge, nudge, nudge). Give my regards to Pikes ;o)
#rbms09 There's still room on some of the tours for the preconference. Come early, stay late and play!
You're one of the best dudes on Twitter! Thanks for all the compliments & support. It means a helluva lot.
Just read it somewhere: "I like having two men at once - one cooking, one cleaning"
don't think I'm to that level but I can jam to that mos def
University of Maryland University College just sounds like a scam
best #grammy comment so far. RT : now if it was al jourgenson and brian wilson id be impressed...
She bled on my covers and then lied about it
It is. RT ??? MT issue ISN'T about same sex marriage. its about the KIDS they raise grow up thinking Bible is a LIE.
Hey, Andrew Luck, as an architectural design major you must have an appreciation for the arts. Once you've settled in, let's get together.
Smh @ the Bobcats blown away by the Wizards by 30. Thats got to be the worst team in NBA History stand up "73" Sixers!
Well, he IS also the QB.
Bout to watch this game
Did I mention we're having an awesome garage sale this week? Starts tomorrow!!!
Off to greenbay tomorrow to see the packers tailgate 1st of course
Hey who won the treadmill bet, or are you still running?
Getting back to the gym routine... Havent been in 2 months..... E
Leftovers make a great #brownbag -- chicken, couscous and a snap pea, carrot and spinach salad. Yum!
At bruce tonight with izod nj
Thanks for the tip!
Imma Need Some More Followers ! (: I need to be in the 1000
get a f*ck-it bucket! They're the best ;)
Lethal Weapon , Beverly Hills Cop, 48 Hours are some of my favorite cop movies yeah.!
Will miss your commentary. Hope it goes well.
I would say using PBL, but not much in class PBL + less stud-directed and more teacher-paced.
I must do something' always solves more problems than 'something must be done.
I only get one quarter at rosedale, and I can finish all of my finals for this year. 😏
Going to see The Five Year Engagement with the curly head, Is this movie any good or should we see something else?
One day, you guys will be so glad you knew me. There's totally gonna be an open bar at my funeral!
It all works out at the end. Deep. Breath. :-)
lol I don't know. I am considering the pretty long hair style with the ends curled.
Tired and fighting a cold. :/
That nigga try to act Mexican shut the fuck up fake nigga
#LatinAmericaNeeds1D :B We love you guys! #UruguayLoves1D !
It's like a sauna in this building today. I fore see much water drinkage today.
EA Sports...It's in the game!
I know! What the heck?? RT : so sad I missed you the whole time you were here!
" APRO.PK " Will give me much love over this week can't wait...
trying to motivate for scanning new 120 negs fresh from the holga. maybe i'll grab a bite of breakfast first. yeah, yeah it's 11. so sue me.
trust me, the first 3-6weeks after baby is born, you won't want to ;)
Just got my new Asics from ! Going to run it out later and enjoy this beautiful day :)
Awww Vinny Believes That Every Girl Is Beautiful <3 =)
I'm in buf for #Tso. I have something for You is here too!!
yepp i know.. Soo what's new? Ha I'm bored
It takes some balls to put a new episode of #CelebrityApprentice up against The #Oscars. Thank you
thought Aries/Ray was fantastic and both the tag title/AJ vs Angle were both good - very good. Everything else has been blah
OH NO! tweeted a quote?! This is certainly cause for an uproar! Or maybe it's good that she isn't narrow-minded. <3 physicists!
Morning Indy PEEPS!!
hello world.
alright sounds good
Thank you! It's still a work in progress, but we're getting there! :D
Great use of that Aznavour tune.
nothin. just kickn a$$ and not taking names....(too busy kickn a$$ ;-)
RT : Tony now offers free computer training at www.teachanolddognewtricks.com.
I am a woman with a plan. I love having a plan, even if it's a vague one. I've been without one for a while, so this feels extra sweet.
great ! take care :)
Great, gotta wake up at the crack of don to freaken take a practice SAT test, just the way I wanna spend my Saturday morning.....
“: Pretty sure 's twin is dining at Wild Wings right now... #awkward” lies.. David Beckham is not at a Wild Wing.
Night night twitter! !!!
thank you for donating to #ToysforTots!
wow dude ! Zayan (hwevr u spell his name) voice !
AUSTIN MEXIXAN MAHOMIES NEED YOU PLEASE CAN TO MEXICO <3
It's only 9 am, but I want a burger so badly
hey boys how are y'all doing
Does only the president get to have composite girlfriends??
i help u, u help me broski
lmao what I say
#Educators best part is when a student sees me in a crowd and yells out: "she is the best librarian ever!"
- Sounds like a lucky guy on the other end of that thought...
tweet us when you get here and take a picture from a birds eye view!
It’s easy to make a buck. It’s a lot tougher to make a difference.
We suggest you hit up for access to Rain, Moon, Ghostbar and Playboy Nightclubs....great for your bachelor!
Today is our first ever Qualifying Paper Symposium celebrating work of graduating students. Should be great event with interesting projects.
Just made pancakes(: Want some?? Lol
was a rather lovely drive! straight farmland where we were, but pleasant nonetheless
must've hung out with with this weekend because he's killing em w/ these #yeahitjustgotreal tweets.
On My Yoga Flow! 💛✌
he is also on 405N every morning on the overpass outside the VMAC wearing a Hawks jersey....
Our new office Mom brought soup for lunch because he has a cold. Gotta love our McFarlane family!
Alternately a too-predictable move-set and too strong on low post-attempts to beat Ibaka.
Going to workout gotta maintain my bombshell angel bod..
no your fine haha
You're NEVER ON SIR.
whoop see you there !
so apparently i wont be seeing you today :( which really upsets me! but i will see you when i come back! remember to tweet to me
great work!
I don't mind touching them or dealing with them in my garden. I don't even cringe putting them on a fish hook, but no eating. :P
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
word bruv. Let me know how's the yellow trail out there
Adairs Saloon tonight! Music starts at 9. Come party with us!
"The rib is the shell and the heart is a yolk, and I just made a meal for us both to choke on..."
I think your twitter account got hacked. I just got a dm from you that looks really weird.
Get paid for drinking mocha!
chyllin man we got this video droppin soon
Its how I keep the lawsuits away
thank you! How was your weekend? It is so gorgeous & sunny in #Seattle lately!
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG -- SATURDAY SHOW SOLD OUT. ONLY 5 performances left!
that seems like the worst reasoning in the world. Also, I despise the library.
ahahha I keep it classy with MM
What time is the show!?
u at duh hize??
thank you for your follow... and your dedication and sacrifice for our country!
Thank you , , , and all our friends and family for a great night!! Whew!
We Are the Ship, Miracle's Boys, anything by Laura Ingalls Wilder, Copper Sun, anything by Mike Lupica (sports & youth)
The OPL's Michael Riordan and presenting Drop2Print, with working demo and iPhone simulator!
Kitkats and gatorade for breakfast. I'm gonna regret this haha
Shout out to my nigga
Related to that last tweet: library budget cuts during the same period in the same county. Grumble grumble.
Can't sleep.......so I've been watching Buffy on Netflix.
Spurs earn the Western Conference's top seed. Go Spurs Go!
A fan is reading this, but a Mahomie is RT'ing this. <33
Haha I suppose. I have no idea what it is or where it is. :-)
Hey Philly! Instead of a soda tax, I'm willing to vote for a Use Your Dern Turn Signal tax. I mean, c'mon people.
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent.#1560 reasons
it was my pleasure. definitely hit us up next spring.
you are really nice.....too nice.... hm.... and who says it was a sarcastic hug??? Huh? Huh?? Exactly!! So ha
hello kirken, hey LA
Need someone to txt. Who's up?
I Need to Speak With You Please if you dont mind : )Im LiddoMissMunchie im from the neww group Swagged Out Girls .
I told you so!!!!!!!!! Haha! But look at who never believes the little guys! 💀💀 I'll pray for you! :)
I think about last night we so damn freaks lol
11 and 1/2 more days of a school
RT "When it rains, it pours." -Shitty weatherman
Goodnight twitter (:
Anyone who would pay $65 to see Chris Brown at the Rose Garden is a fucking idiot.
Oregon's #wolf count now 25: Trail cam captures young wolf of the Wenaha pack no one saw before.
korean fried chicken -- seoul sassy
Good Neighbor Next Door Program Helps Teachers, Firefighters, EMTs and Police get into new homes
Tweet our pic bro! ;)
a secret about me most dont know.I dont make a fuss on my bday,but appreciate surprises:).most important 2me that it comes from the heart.
Come out to PCH tonight at 8 for a sweet dance and lesson with Mark and Sylbie! DJ Nate the Great!!!
you too, darling! :) loved the glasses hehe. Let's get together soon!
Whilst I was multi-tableing stt's last night at the same time a lad I know was being hit by a car. Puts things into perspective.
Hope everyone is having fun at :)
Natural stone requires periodic proper maintenance by trained professionals.
Re-RT : Stumbled upon tent b/c singer gorgeous Bjork-like voice booming down street. Look her up.
can i use some of those quotes in my post game post?
RT if you cant wait to see the Boyz at ABDC again!!!!
chat sometime..?
My blog is safe for all ages .. I think .. not sure about the movie, tho.
There are people that talk about getting shit done, and people that actually get shit done. I prefer the latter.
I loved you in every episode of That's Life! Was sad when it ended!
hahahahahahahahahhaa lol i feel ya! drink it in! be a bum! u work so much! lol
I am awful at painting my nails.
Look at my roommate thoooooo. #SimpLife RT Warm beer is bad, but her not texting back is worse.
thanks for the luv :)
Now the guy next to the dirty, smelly sock guy removed his sweat pants to reveal stinky basketball shorts... Sick
Just interesting that this report comes out of Miami. Wait for
We've got the Eric Jacobson Quartet in the house tonight at 7:30. This great, all-ages, no-cover show should not be missed!
Hangin wit my bro Steve tonight.
Fantasy help: Reggie Bush, Steve Smith (CAR), or Julio Jones? Flex position.
tweet often, need updates - sitting on the SD tarmac waiting...
Springpad app helpful for collection development, books to read, etc.
yo where u at?
Landmark, anyone want to switch my evening shift on Sat for a matinee shift? Please!!!!
It's so easy to make!
"I'm intimidated by the fear of being average" -Taylor Swift
is up and not texting me !:/ smh...
I've never been there. I have toured the Glasgow School of Art though. I'm a Mackintosh fan.
yes of course! im so sorry! did you email recently? i didnt get it!
At a realtor seminar learning about the importance of reaching out to young buyers but no hashtag. Hm
Thanks girly! I know I love it ;)
About to watch The Town. Love Jeremy Renner in this movie :)
That is great! Thanks for sharing! Do you get our email newsletter MENTALCOACH? Nov issue is coming out this week.
Kim!!!!! Best player in awhile!
It's funny when people don't know my real name but just refer to me as Drake lol
pretty sure I tagged you in it? Thanks though
What a stupid what? I'm on pins and needles! RT Omg! What a stupid!
can't wait to see you at #nwxportland!
what's is good :p
so I didn't get to go to your concert because I live in LA , come visit me ? <3
We are looking into it for a honeymoon destination. Crazy expensive, but trying to convince myself it's worth it!
No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x
Everyone check out
Relaxing after a delicious lunch at Gates!
I just beat TheWife by 71 points in Words With Friends!!!
but back on topic, one day we'll find hot band guys who will love us and life will rule
Why am I still up
Honored you enjoy all the books & liked TCN as well. Loved writing it. As Melissa learns, friends make the best presents!
Hey Maribel... hope you're doing well. Great to see you on twitter.. We moved our office. Now next to the Forge on 41st Street
Did you read the interview with Craig Thomas? He said that it "Had to be Robin" *_*
It's hard to deny that Galaxy Gold in full sunshine looks like what happens when you vomit Tang.
Happy Birthday! I hope you had an amazing day!
What's the official hashtag for this event?
House of Payne is too funny.
Nurses are the best patient advocates!
I have all the facts and figures about in #Hollywood #apogeebeach - amazing investment opportunity! Call me for details!
Who won the carty award?
Illusions. Delusions. Disillusions.
i have no clue! But half of them are "Mahomies".
holy jamoly that's crazy.!!!!!! We were so cute.!!!
Google Logo on the Google Home page today is very cool
Last night's Trappist tasting at Strictly Discs was a blast. Thanks to all who came - we'll definitely do this again!
Catch phrase game night...getting intense
Okay! Doing an email interview with Hello Highway! (:
I rather be performing instead of being in class ugh. #Riley .LIVE ReaL
Opponent: where: anywhere but somewhere in Florida would be nice :D
Walking through PDX it just hit me...when I arrive here I am coming HOME.
whatever you want to call as long as you get some!
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time :)
At times I miss my old phone. . .but then remember how slow it was!
A wise football coach once said, "Talent sets the floor and character sets the ceiling."
Completely agree. NYG D going to have a monster week!!
aha yeah she is. she makes that show
dont you have to get meghan too?
the 6 blows to the head with dumbbells are taking their tole
go to www.dubixrecords.com for updates and new releases
Instead of being envious of other people's lives, live the life that others will envy.
I'm curious about what Morey was willing to give up to have Dwight Howard for a month.
#schoolmemories was one of my best friends. Still love him though.♡
agreed! It was really great to meet you guys and we are so eager to help make a collaborated event with
Morrisville State College in Syracuse
Tonight's special- 2 large 2 topping pizzas for $22! I can hardly believe it myself.
Honey Kix. Awesome.
Can't sleep on the trolley since i might have to move so the person next to me can't get up. -.-
yowzas! well good luck and have fun :)
great to meet you guys! Great job on #9News!
Heyy! I am so glad there are more of us!! :)
If Lakers had a Good Coach we could actually Beat OKC...Mike Brown Sucks.
Definitely - when I'm back from the Valley (flying out tomorrow morning and there till Wednesday night).
We know, you’re struggling a little bit today. But don’t worry about bringing a cooler or picnic basket, we’ve got you covered!
Shower & waitin for my boo boo
Hello Twitter. Atwater Junction hopes you will follow us to find out where we are playing and how you hear our music.
Omg I just noticed that is following me:D!!! Thanks for the follow <3!!!!
“Thinking that you can’t change is wrong. Thinking that there is no need to change is tragic.”
I wish i could talk to Travis about this cos he just some how makes me feel better, like the guy friend i always wanted but never had before
Have you forgotten me already? :( ps I saw a recipe for veg steamed buns yesterday that made me think of you making dumplings
ughh. Im sorry.
Come on, girlfriend, work out with me. Get up on that treadmill 1, 2, 3. Just start out very slowly. It'll feel great to move that body!
Starter: what are some of the biggest problems affecting African Americans in Baltimore? Students are anxious to get into the inner circle
Spartans falling apart
Is at the Riverfront Fashion Show! My does Denver have a lot of pretty people! :)
We will survive before lens transcending all barriers in mad playgrounds that redefine realism and documentation. Ecstasyterrestrialism.
This kid did not just fall asleep on me 😒
i see. i'd text you but my phone is off right now. whats up? you can private message me if you want.
I wanna find something to do tonight!!
it was Zac Efron hair before it was Bieber hair
I didn't know you homeschool too! Have fun at ! I know a few gals going
I like 'farm : table' but I think I was supposed to wait for my coffee inside, and now I can't get up from my seat or someone will poach it.
Oh yeah? Does he tell you that or do you go to the white house for lunch every day? Come on now. Don't believe everything ...
Downside to being married to an ophthalmologist: Some guy guns a nail into his eye and our dinner plans are ruined (as, I guess, are his).
of course! Matt was wondering why I wanted to take him to dinner this weekend...because I'm HAPPY!
Mushroomhead coming to the altar bar the 17th of May, should I? Maybe
Yay! I'm like 90% sure I'll be there! I can't wait to see you!!!
they now get all online GPO content
In Mass. US Senate race, a question of heritage
thanks sounds fun, lets definitely talk more!!
give peace a chance<3
Trust you are missed too...
With two men on and a man on second, Arrieta got his first real challenge of the day, but Josh Willingham lined out to left field.
RT : "The Hudson River Valley, Dutchess County, is squatchy". -
my rap here, i can finally eat chinese give me lubys please get my grub on at the black eyed peas i stand in line the chickens lookin fine
Men have 2 emotions: hungry and horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
A king with no crown, king with no crown !
I love dance club! A lot a cute boys! Also can't wait to try new styles like break dance and popping<3
i want a hot dog smh
Lonely tonight
I do not know how that idiot even has a show
I have to agree with Barclay, Awake has a quality NBC has not gone with in a long time. Let's hope the script doesn't fail s2
you'll get them. I BELIEVE in you. LMAO, did you see what I did there.. BELIEVE. HAAHAA! .. Ahem! >.>
Really Broncos really? Oh well at least we got this far...
be happy!
Damn, what I wouldn't give to live closer to #RedRocksAmpitheater; their line-up this year is so good it hurts.
Gotta find a woman be good to me won't steal my liquor try serve me tea
New episode of #tabletop features a game I own. We can play along, tonight just got much funner.
HANDS OVER MY EYES WATCHING THE BACHELORETTE!
Your clothes never wear as well the next day and your hair never falls in quite the same way.
WOW JUSTIN
awkward high fives<3!!
She is everything to me, the unrequited dream, the song that no one sings, the unattainable.
#JMS375 We got thru the exam. How do you feel? Anyone in #jms489? That two-day exam was killer!!!
Mellow Indie Mix + bubble bath = Best Tuesday Night eva. Totally wins over the gym this time.
only liked Jalen Rose cause he shut up Skip Bayless.
Conspicuous #Prosumption: lightin' up the Twitterverse w/ complaints about a missing hashtag :p
Such a sweet hed on so many levels! Bravo.
The McQueen show has turned the second floor of the Met into Disney World on the weekends.
I am once again loading Fences, a app on my new work PC. It helps me organize my desktop icons.
Keep this in mind before you consider skipping your workout today: you're 61% more likely to skip another one the following week if you do!
The Region 7 AOS II panel has resumed and just finished reviewing app# 120014 IN State Museum.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe? 1
give me shout outs thanks
OMG. Root canal and Adele at the same time? I do think she's talented but have to be in the right mood to listen to her.
Just chugged a strawberry milksake, and a brownie AND a redbull. Why did I do this too myself. FAIL AT LIFE right now. Ima puke
LA: where men love cutting the sleeves and entire side portion off their tshirts to make them into tank top bibs
Oh geez!
Testing Twitter and Processing: This was automatically posted from Processing 42
I do enjoy gaming, and really like how colorful the dice are.
It's Jack's 6th Birthday! Happy birthday Jackie!
My tolerance for shitty technology is basically non existent.
yep! I'm sure I'll see you guys soon....yeeeaaahhh summer in Pittsburgh!
ooh, I need to do this too, hahaha
Sandpearl Resort in Florida Heats up the Month of May with Savings
That was me last year RT : I'm slacking on Ms.Scussels homework.
We might be wishy-washy and flip flop, but God has not changed.
Do all of the numbers HAVE TO be on the same line? 'cause I've got them all.
Where's ?:c
Why is the Michelin Man white?
"Incredible Shrinking Presidency"? Are you kidding?
School is fun -__-
what's your most favorite episode of all time? Im going with the Toyota Helix destruction.
#NP Rihanna- cheers (drink to that)!
Congrats to the cast, crew and team on an AMAZING first preview!!
A clitoris is packed w/ 8,000 nerve fibers & each is one of a kind, meaning each woman's orgasm is varied & individual
Still enjoying last night's fantastic show by Shearwater. Their drummer is a Norwegian named Thor. I mean, c'mon.
Hood Internet makes lil Wayne sound good - someone's comment on YouTube. Haha TRUE
"im set on cruise control, im slowly losing hold, of everything i got."
lol no... Rest when your dead...
People should now be emerging from this morning's A.P. Literature exam. Hope it went well, test-takers!
has anyone messaged u 0.o hehe
hahah oh my !!
Not in my Deli!!!!
no, you're so amazing!
RIP Mrs. Lillian Musial...wife of Stan "the Man" Musial..married for nearly 72 years. Now THAT"S love & commitment!
Cool! Hope you post some pics!
Discovered my studio is way too close to one of those all you can eat, every flavor, every topping fro-yo places...
Let there be peace on earth
Have a personal tale you want to share? Join #anhkc Sunday at 6:00pm and serve us your story.
where yu at?
A well written script will dictate what video you shoot when you go on location.
Um, why do I have "Good Vibrations" stuck in my head?!
So interesting about the balloon Boy!
They just took them out of the oven and they just slice them open and serve them
#TCA'S was great!
Welcome to the Chicane Group!
hahah Omg jeez-us I'm like dying here and in ap Aaron is in mr gue and im in Mr.R so he just sits there and smiles at me lol
i wish i could but i don't have any
follow me so we can DM
Got to read and original short play and sing with Barry Cullison tonight in Vinny's class :)
You ever watch something so bad & continue b/c you can't imagine it being this bad? Yeah I'm watching Blonde Ambition.
Wish a had my lil niggas wit me, I'm ready to carry my ass home, and apparently in alone tonight
I love it, I love it
so said i missed to trey songz music video today .... but its all good tho .... on to the next one ......
Shut up.
6:20! :( I have class this afternoon. Crud bear! Wish we were going to the same one!
that would be awesome man! Spread the word about us and maybe we can come down that way and play sometime!! :)
": lol man that crazy"~~right them New Yorkers smh
awesome! We can't wait to see the pics!
Tlkingg To Heather :* me and her are going to be dance buddies if imma be dane major<3
Sometime's I Wonder How Do You Really Make It Into The Industry, It's Like We People Don't Give Chance's No More. Some Body Step Up.......
Oh really, you'll always be here? I guess that didn't apply when you let your girlfriend ruin our friendship.
Congrats on a well-deserved # 1 with - I Don't Want This Night To End
MARK YOUR CALENDARS: WV Young Democrats Capitol City Fundraiser on Feb. 14th (Location TBA) and WVYD Day at the Legislature on Feb. 15th!
Oh you do? Do you have American fam? Whoop! Mini vaca? Have you spent time on the east coast? Mine was good, slept ha. Yours?
I wish I had lived in the 70s 💔✌
squeezing lemons
HA HA! Yeah Pats, that's what I'm talkin about, 45-3! How do you like them apples Rex Ryan? Keep talkin that smack! Congrats to Tom Brady!
Whoever told yall women were clueless #lied! I dont show my hand but dont take silence as a weakness
404 followers because my life is an error
On a team with about a dozen DH options, Drew Butera makes no sense on the 25 man. When would you pinch hit for Mauer or Doumit?
you make me laugh :)
Hmm, plasticity? Must have lots of high rate of speed = chronic pain
Dirty, dirty things that I don't think I'm allowed to say on twitter. Or anything music related. That's cool, too.
“: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD #RETWEET this if you love HEAD.”hope my friend sees this!!!
#FF Interesting Follows
Thorpe is not answering your questions in this interview. :\
I wanted to go our today but it's too hot. lazy day today :D
Gonna be popping in downtown Memphis tonight - rooftop parties, Grizz and Redbirds games
When they start an argument out of a small mistake, don't worry they were looking for a fight in the first place.
yea sweetheart im on :) tell to other ;) haha
glad you're enjoying your time here!
good morning Cody :)
you mad? Oh shit the worlds gonna end because I spelled zayn wrong.
Me! RT : So another game in just 12 hours. Guess who's going? Me!
How did it get to be that 12 hours is too little time to do anything?
Searching for Denver hotel specials for June.
Happy Friday to our followers! Please join us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
What is the best way to show others the way to salvation... "BE CAREFUL".
"I sometimes talk louder to blind people" "I still think its funny when guys put tennis balls under a shirt, they look like little boobs"
I'm not so sure this is a good thing! Third trip (and one to go) in less than a month just to order contacts. :(
I think I'm hooked on experimental silent films.
of which two are brand new preps, and one is a haven't-taught-in-awhile prep.
Wow #Marquette got an easy bracket, I hope the NCAA treats #UWBadgers as good!
If there's just one reason to tune into #SmackDown this Friday night, here you go Mayhem Nation. Need we say more.
they say life is short, but it's the longest thing we do. so make the most of it while you're hear. live out your dreams.
Awesome, thanks! This is for a recent grad, fresh out of school. I work at VU Alumni Relations, just trying to help her!
Complicated relationships! That that shit I don't like! Aye! aye!
Fans, unless you have MLB.TV, you can't see this game, so keep on watching morning news!
Need to sleep.... But need to do math....
I know you're dying to know the truth... No, I am not related to Jane Jensen. AS FAR AS I KNOW...
Don't wait for the wind, create the wind!
Game 2 in New York #Rangers vs
good word last night bro!
yea I just wish he would have talked to me ....even if he did say no I just wanna talk to him:(
To explain that last, I cuss a lot when I'm playing.
Making candles, my secret tea, cd's, practicing guitar, and chking emails...i need to sit down!
Things happen in life whether you're ready or not. Seize the moment and take a chance.. or spend the rest of your life not ever knowing.
That sounds yummy too!
I think my boo done fell asleep on me lol
Chien: how to make abstractions like IP compelling? Note Obama on AIA. Didn't talk about patents, talked about students, jobs.
Loved #SalmonFishingintheYemen directed by #LasseHallström. A perfect date night movie! Great performances by #EmilyBlunt &
Caps missed opportunities becoming the theme of this game..Semin on the doorstep c'mon man cash that in!
So excited to start my new job and be making all kinds of money
Vidal Sassoon: nothing for the weekend, sir
girl you much keep that sexy bod nourished and healthy! I'm well. Bored out here in the burbs
so ready to start this holiday kegger! our house is full of christmas cheer and beer!
just broke the TOP 5 on ReverbNation's Oklahoma City rock charts! Check it out, and help your favorite water-themed band get to numero uno!
u smoke when you get home or what? I am usually up late, so that's when I am able to retreat and have my cigar
Riding around with my air blasting and my gas tank on E! #THUGLIFE Lol
This is my favorite week of the year
Watching the Ga Tech / Virginia game with friends. Go Ga Tech!
really??? You think $5000 to be an inchi member would break their bank?
is a sneaky mofo
so what are you using now?
LOL priorities!! RT , I don't care how many titties you sign, as long as those titties bought a CD
His birthday is the 3rd, I am going to a friends show that I passed on last time and promised I wouldn't miss the next.
Will do fam.
haha I had to make my spicy potato egg and bacon tacos... It's a family favorite
Thank you for the intense and highly pleasurable banging! Thanks for the stars too beautiful! ;) Xoxo
" I'll never notice " - -_- I bet he said that. Cause he will never follow me:(
Ok. I msgd you already, so just reply to that one. :)
i can't believe someone moved into my house wow they suck i hate them
I'll upload the song Sant'a Littlest Elf has Autism on Monday. You're going to love it. My son, James, sang with a lot of expressions.
Woo Hoo my benefits kick in today! What a relief! Calling Dr Dr.
Happy to have kept you connected at that amazing event! Hopefully your friend learned a lesson and chooses XCom next time :)
HAViNG THE BEST BiRTHDAY EVER ! Hope is too !
Vroom: I think we need to sit down as a Rep body to decide who should sit on this committee so people aren't dissatisfied with the product.
Just enjoyed a nice dinner now its time for desert#chilling with the fam ilove them.
Exactly. I cannot believe there are enough stupid people in this country to elect a LOSER like romney.
Holy cow! C'mon on Wildcats. Some folks have brackets to be worried about.
Do you mean a person who likes hot dogs? RT : ugh...you're one of "those people" too?
OH HELLS YEAH!!! RT : This was the BEST MONDAY EVER! lolololol :D
Trying to relax and enjoy my life
josh you're a hot mess!
The world would be 10000 times better if Chicago's delivered!
Back to tonight. Any menu recomendations that I've missed?
one hour finale!
webOS also needs a map/nav app that works in exhibition mode.
" To Fear Love Is To Fear Life. "
No matter what I do, Somehow I always find myself back to you.
Its almost always about
Just done watching "Remember Me" ...Its so sad Robert Pattinson Died at the end :(
When you do a business with any printer, what is your expectation?? Tell us!!
so they have no way of knowing whether it was due to men perceiving women as potential mates or not
Please don't let mmy dreams run by underneath, underneath this Amarillo Sky.
i was trying to make it it's been bothering me all period
text me bro
Such a gloomy, rainy morning
If I treated you KINDLY it doesn't mean I'm WEAK I've surpass all the childish behaviors like women who get abortions I ain't having it
Last questions coming up... Opening up to audience. Any Q's from Twitter??
What ya gonna do with all that junk all that junk inside my trunk....
: Remember to call your Mom tomorrow, because I can tell you that you'll feel bad when you're no longer able to. +1
listening to Deadmau5 - "Not exactly".. love those beats!
Misconception #4 Face-to-face interaction is passé.
yess and Bailey that hot piece of ass
PERFORMANCE ETIQUETTE: Dick move to tell your friends to leave after your 1 part of a 3 part show
Chico and Rita: Spectacular animation, great sampling of that era's jazz...but as a story? Kind of cliched and boring.
Yeah buddy! I don't drink but I still love this tee.
Lol good afternoon :)
All I need is a glass of Bacardi O and My Big Sean CD!!!!
I know!! :( its cause softball season is fully here now!
Well, why even bother with a trial, just shoot her in the face. That will bring the baby back.
Congrats buddy
out of shower #night today was good day(:
Milton comes back to score five in the seventh and take a 10-7 lead on Monroe
Panchen Lama speaks on Dharma at World Buddhist Forum in HK
TONIGHT is #ScholarsThursdays at (2625. N Downer Ave #Milwaukee)
Long Happy Hours with generous Daily Specials are easy on the wallet!
Congratulations to Arik Weiss, winner of the recent Kol HaOt raffle, who won a print by artist Matt Berkowitz worth $700!!
I can just imagine all of us Downtown screaming about One Direction :) Something i wanna see in person
I'm looking forward to seeing the BeeLine home collection tomorrow. So many fun #interiordesign events happening this month.
#Random BUT ig twitter is the only place ppl can admit to being a "follower"
you still bringing in them churros tomorrow??
Quorum Releases Fiscal Year 2011 Results
guess that means you can write it off your taxes as well
The car in front of me has a decal that says "I drive like a Cullen"....no comment.
admin leader: Jesus Geeks' meeting adjourned.
and no one is shocked the photographer is hahaha
61% to 90% of people use search engines rather than review sites, coupon sites, or the Yellow Pages
Just got home from the VIP sesh at PGP. Endless dabs of the best nectars to be had by all. Super irie!!! Thanks PGP for everything!!
#AskingMyself why do I keep giving this show #Touch a chance??? Sh*t is like 9 episodes deep on my Dvr
#nowplaying The Fray
Getting money is a necessity..
I get to bake a cake this afternoon. I think you all know how much I love baking!!!!
I asked him if he'd moved and he looked at me blankly like I didn't exist. I think he was high. We used to talk often. :(
you might want to at least skim it as a reference point in case it ever comes up in conversation
yeah , my nigga ( ; what time we gon jump that mofo' bitch ?
Liar! Obama has laid no blame on Zimmerman! Where is the proof! You just hate Obama...go ahead and say it...he can take it
Happy birthday !
it's great! So much work; how do you do it all?
Have you checked out the new myspace layout yet? www.myspace.com/iseestars
#shawstats Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
yay! Thanks for doing that!!!
That made my day. TAN IS BEAUTIFUL, BABY
are you going to the beach?!
RT : Follow Jamaican Food in Cincinnati!!! Purchase Wale Tickets there & Receive Discount on Any Meal Purchase
A3. Live-tweeting - both a failure and a success, hard to get people engaged at first but once it's on, it's on!
Anybody sellin some Food stamps hit me up need $100 or better serious ppl pls# no Low ballers..im tryin to help a friend out
hahahahaha I'll miss you al! I can't believe I'm leaving tomorrow!
Well I was hoping to move Fanfest to Sunday at 3ish, but after that the agenda looks empty Glen.
and the guy just like completely screwed up my hair, it's a freaking mess.
Please send me a 🔫to shoot the TBT ppl and a 💣 to blow up their phones and photo albums! If ur gonna OD on TBT choose 1 Thursday a month!
The Helen Keller Driving School
thanks for the follow!
Missing parties to work on creative stuff but gettin git done.....oh and it's a gooden'
Likewise. If there isn't a major trade tomorrow I'm going to be pissed
& , is that a problem ? Didn't think so stupid
my mornings > your mornings.
Getting ready 2 go 2 the Denver Museum of science.
Itching to get off the tee box.
Glad to see that the Flyers are on the ropes. Once they're knocked out I'll be pretty OK with any of the remaining teams winning it all.
come on over....to the people's house she did it for!!! Lol!
cross training right now but seeking "my next fitness challenge" :) so far, it's tennis ..
Just saw a guy getting mugged. I was going to help him out until I saw he was wearing crocs.
Actions, not words, are the greatest means of self- praise. -Napoleon Hill
how do you think uw ranks w/ its top 15 program peers re: % of offers that get accepted?
Like you need to go eat at where she works. EVERY DAY.
thanks! Glad it all worked out! See you again soon I hope!
But now watch me not sleep tonight...
amen Tony
All this fog in the Air must mean that God's been chiefin all night!
did u find out my password >:(
Thanks guys so much! We still need help our goal is to reach 143 followers by tonight!!
Ruben on the worship, Amy's spoken word, ETD on the drama, and the Holy Spirit on the move!!! Great night
Check your DMs! I DMed you my answers to the video quiz! (:
Still on a Mad Men high. Refuse to kill it by watching Smash.
finished consulting over at ilovedesign the new face for our online shop is gonna be #dope and #theland is where is it all started
Ohh no!!! Hope you didn't get too wet RT love when the sprinklers turn on during a liveshot!
Had a blast playing for everyone in Mountain View, CA! Off to our next show in Ventura, CA... Who's coming out?
'if you don't like how he's playin than change the record'. Imagine that advice 4 us 2 yrs ago ;) #live&learn
nails it. If O'Malley thinks this legacy will make him President he's drinking Obama's Kool Aid.
Did you know March is National Social Work Month? Thank you to our team of social workers who do extraordinary work!
Ohio observes Severe Weather Awareness week March 20th-26th!
All my fav shows are getting short final season renewals.. WTF.
GREEN LIGHT
Oh shit Kevin Hart in the buildin for the
#Marlins offense has gone beast mode today.
When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.
Passion is the fuel to Vision. —- Edward Ezekiel Isouve
lol that is pathetic
I am, but I'm covering an event and I'm driving. So I'm sober and angry haha
Celebrate Easter with Laura Flora's workshop this Sun. from 1 to 3:30pm featuring hip-openers, twists, and arm balances
We should decide on a day where we all smoke a shitload of salmon & annoy ppl who don't eat fish. Or like Gouda, maybe.
Guessing that 26/32 isn't going to get me upgraded.
Council mtg in recess now. Layoffs and furloughs 2 b discussed at end.
*in my ed voice* yeah RT : Listening to this Mercy. Who ever created that beat is a genius.
Record it!
I've got a perf idea
hiya ;) You don't have to follow me . Bt I'd love it if you did (:.
Kiddan!! Def down for dinner soon! :) I'm watching 's next chapter in India right now.
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong. Bill Vaughan
Haha. Yes! That would be nice. That's what happens when you disappear. I want to hear about your life too!
I will follow whoever follows me
Anaheim North somehow drops two nights from my reservation? Ok, not a good start...
hey buddy what up?
Good morning world! Have a great day.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
#ThingsMyExSaid Im gone always be honest with you!
Headed to a Brew City Bruisers bout with & Epic!
Just a thought.... There's nothing that a fantastic blowjob can't fix.
exactly, it's using the common sense we have offline to build your network online. Be genuine, honest, helpful, likable, etc
Ah that's right, we put Trump against the Oscars.
I could cut the shit out of a piece of paper in kindergarten.
Aint that the truth RT : Keep your head up high, and your middle finger higher.
I don't claim to know the minds of the 1%, but I'm pretty sure they don't want Sarah Palin to have more power.
i almost forgot.
get it under control!
Come on, #Temple! :)
hahaha it was raining when I get there lol
Which church?
“: RETWEET this if you have LESS than 100,000 followers (MUST BE FOLLOWING HE FOLLOWS BACK)”a
(4 of 4) Or is she simply never seen again?
RT : WOW Clippers down 24 with 8 mins left in game &amp; win the game!!
As hard as it is for me to admit it, I have to agree with Skip/SAS. Rose thinks all media is personal rather than opinion.
Merry X-Mas to my two best friends, &
Congrats to PTKs cast of Daisy's New Car on a great opening!
Hacked bitch
Ever go to public bathroom,use the toilet with a paper liner on the seat. You stand up,cinch your belt, walk out with the paper on your butt
2nd hole playoff...hopefully a putt to win coming up...
I have a pineapple and some oranges waiting to be juiced, so I need to hit the liquor store tomorrow, for real.
Been really busy lately. Will get online tommorow and manage it haha.
it just seemed like something that needed to be put out there LOL
good move, Sporting. RT : On this day in 2011 : Sporting Kansas City Signs Defender Aurelien Collin
That is gorgeous.
NICE!!! RT it's work in your pajamas day...I love owning my own business...
Watching one of my new favorite shows Teen Wolf. It's better then I expected ! It's a must see for this summer !
Gov. Tomblin calls special session on gas drilling, after months of debate. Special session begins Sunday evening.
this ZIMA is for you!
BAHAHAHAHA you're so stupid ;)
Totally loved it; completely worth it; 100% nerd status badge unlocked. Would love to update you on te latest. Exciting stuff!
or Thailand!
Nuggets won last night baby.melo vs king James. Loved tha game..Holla
HUGE congratulations to one of our own! Rob Jones won a GRAMMY for package design for The White Stripes boxes set. So awesome!
Busy's great. She knows how to walk the fine line of commiting and overcommiting to material.
which one are you drinking? We need to get drunk lol
Coming back to the Boston air-waves! Stay tuned :-)
Nina Ross RT : I'm assuming a Nina is a gun?
way to text me back... #danceclasssaturdaynight?
can't wait this is going to be a good one!
People that take their flask of whiskey to the face on the bus are funny
Happy birthday to the original gangsta!
justin :o ?
Eating BBQ wings and quesadilla :) I miss my babe..
Tanks bro. When you at dece Mallory gonna be here?
hey, it's only one... comeonbereasonableman!
Just spent two days getting educated by this guy... I know, I know, unbelievable... He's one of the Good Guys!
You don't need a title to minister You just have to have ministry in your heart.... "Dr Iverna in class last night"
Is ironically suffering from hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia. (The fear of big words.) actually thats the only big word i fear
If this app can do real time traffic patterns to help along with GPS navigation, this could be a big help...and a big hit.
Mad cause My head hurt.
Lmao and look at me dressing up for nerd day anyway x)
Is this the correct amount i will get?
no I'll prolly just see what sing comes on next
RT : RT this if you've had a long week already.
Good news is we have it! Good stuff. Part of local renaissance & reemergence of Western Pa brewing prominence
Ron loves me sometimes like eh rn
#artpolitics a continuum of vibrational force. Amazing!!! Starts on left with military goes to police to sonic branding to music to art
Just got done partying with my bestest friends!! Had an awsome time! <3
you bartend tho right? So, it'd be worth it for you :)
We <3 you
is stardoll a new program? lol im very behind
Only a few hours left to get NCAA balls $73 off. Check out our page to get the code!
u could tell me and u could call ur mom and ask o.o like now
Been doin' well, brotha. Missed you at the Brian Simpson show at La Cantera or were you able to make it?
Thank you #guacstar RT : Burrito Beach was great :)
Although low confidence, a few storms are possible with this marked increase in heat and humidity across local area; poss Wed/Thurs attm
There is a first for everything and a last for everything. Goodbye
Heck yes! After we get back from a trip around the globe!
I know why Ikea is so cheap- because they don't air condition their warehouses.
Holidays are life's way of reminding us we're lonely and that nobody loves us. /via
Virtuostically its Jermaine. Originality it's Juliette. Surprise factor it's Chris. Boy next door it's Tony. Who will be #thevoice2012 ?
Glad Guerrilla #Usability session sparked thought-keep me posted if you try out some guerrilla methods!
u wanna gamble? I need an investor for my business
Oh lawdy it's Betty White's 90th?
Lovin these tracks from johnny juliano.
Lots of voters at St. Seton Church in #Carmel say they're supporting Haven't seen a Mourdock supporter yet
IT'S SO HARD BEING REALLY POOR AND NOT FRAT.
Haha i know how it is!
So not in the mood to work tonight.
It's gonna be a raw show tonight. Check out the noise and flailing at the Falls Taproom in East Falls.
thank you! Hope to cross paths with you sooner than later. Keep up the great work!
This → RT : It doesn't matter how many people hate you. It matters how many people love you.
Come on up...not so bad here !!
Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
yikes. Ok, I'll add some kool-aid to make it berrirific.
US SC rules in Marmet Health Care Center, Inc. v. Brown case involving state court's disregard of precedent re FAA: 565 U.S. ____ (2012).
Sitting on the back porch, surveying the day's work, enjoying a beer. What better way to observe Rogation DAYS?
This is the weirdest movie ever. O.o
she smoked something non the less.
Done! I'd love to.
Going for a run ~ see ya on the other side!
Die learning log
#student RISD architecture dean gets new job
PBA pro bowlers, Norm Duke, Brian Voss & Chris Warren practicing yesterday at Suncoast Bowling Ctr in Las Vegas.
Adversity introduces an individual to themselves.
That's an instance in which anger can be a virtue, when it's in response to injustice.
Neighborhood kids decided to blaze trail through my backyard, cutting down trees, etc... Very hesitant to go talk to parents. Advise?
SAY MACDONALDS BEFORE I FALL ASLEEP.
Failure ain’t failure you just didn’t try hard enough!
school sucks ... and i have an orthodontist appointment at 10 ... yayy braces ... 😓
omfg iv seen hills have eyes 37458438 times and im watching it again.
On August 1, we'll be relaunching as a Nonprofit. Our nonprofit will be interactive and will be geared towards the running community!
I enjoy my Hattori Hanzo Shears. Thank you!
Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel. -Phillip Stubbes
I love this Basketball state!!!! Emotions are out today!! Friendships ending, couples breaking up all over basketball!
Hmm good to know, thanks! I'm going to try to go to Accessorie Circuit in May instead. Any tips for getting in as an attendee?
"WHERE'S KENYON!" (btw, has anyone figured out if Sarah Phillips is also Savannah McMillan-Christmas?)
Ok, so we were talking about soundtrack songs that are better than the film they're in. For example, Pet Sematary by the Ramones. Discuss?
you watch Grimm?
yea, Ricky! I didn't realize you had moved yet. That's awesome! I hope things are great!
I even clicked on deny trade in the pic!
At the gym because certain people think I'm fat...
It does not matter how valid your excuse is, the fact of the matter, whatever you're working on still isn't getting done.
This will be the last weekend to check out Super Science Saturday's "The Brain," so come on down to The Bakken!
OTDIBH would be 100% more awesome if you included photos/videos.
Hehe, I would not consider 25 miles in my neighborhood :) #hfchat'
#ThankYouThursday Thankful for new followers! to name a few... Looking forward to your #DoGood tweets
Avengers trailer, to this skeptic, was impressive. Finally, some non-Rock-themed score in a Marvel spot
Wut does "swank" mean? Anyone
i.do follow me
I-I Love You Like A Love Song Baby <3
appreciate the follow! Care to promote?
man it was nice meeting u tonight and working with u man. You did in awesome job bro... Lets keep in touch man!
One Hour Photo Show will be live today. The link to the show will be posted very soon!
Good morning #fortwayne. Happy Wednesday!
I can't believe that shit
hola Mr. Landrum...I will shoot you a DM
*Growls* back with the deep throaty sounds of a well tuned V8!
My pleasure!
look at you being on the hill ;)
If you had the opportunity to dance with one of the winner crews from ABDC,who would you pick?
Texas Southern's Tim Price (Klein HS) has 6 points, 7 rebounds , 1 stl, and 4 blocks. TSU leads Alabama A&M midway through the 2nd.
I bite my thumb at you...bitch.
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix! We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25! Gowns just $5! More details mypromdress.org
Peter Angelos is in the #Orioles press box visiting new MASN area.
love the dark hair on u!! :)
I depend on me 💋
#whatimissmost : eating whatever I want.
So my friend Amanda just cut my hair and it actually looks hella good! I was nervous that she was gonna fuck it up
If only I can go to Port A and meet themm :(
Over the past two days I've had a obsession of some powdered donuts and Debbie cakes.. My gawww those things go in
Do I really have to write a review on this nonsense? Come on buckeyes!
#mlanet12 Picked up iPad for the MIS Business meeting! Who will be the lucky winner?!
Dereece Bailey ain't never gotta worry bout it, i was here for you last time, so u know aint nun changed!
i can't even
Michael Douglas is going to play Liberace in Behind the Candelabra. Matt Damon plays his lover.
Come here.
Not sure yet whether I'm staying with Scott again, but it's pretty likely I will be. You?
R E T W E E T if you didn't plan on doing shit tonight O__o
Hi there ArthurfrenchIII
haha, i love politics.
Personally, I want to see liberal arts ed strengthened at K-12; would prioritise over uni level. Let 'em take voc ed as adults & get jobs
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
The Legend of Hard to Swallow
let me know how Jimmy is! And please don't let him get sick before I see him Saturday :)
It is remarkable how ones wits are sharpened by physical exercise.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by each experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
. 21 days till boyfriend . Can't wait . <333
follow back? :)
what you do today makes who you are tomarrow.
i'm more of a bacon guy myself.
following back.. long time no see
On my way to school yells GOODMORNING TWITTER
I will neverr understand why people go to sporting events and don't wear their team colors. If you're gonna do that don't even go.
Just woke up to the best dream: Dreamnt I met Van Hansis(Luke Snyder #ATWT)and he was soo nice,Even in the dream came me his perosnal cell #
miss you lots!
I actually don't think I've ever seen a critters. I hate myself.
thank you all for recommending , we'd love to have you anytime!
I don't fucken like you, get a life and try not to suck on mine. Dumb ass.
Also be sure to send us your pictures of the resources for a RT & shout-out. We're so happy to invite everyone to ur campuse today!
They are always willing to take the blame for even the smelliest farts
Amendment 1 is hurtful to all and helpful to none! I hope it doesn't pass...
I support! As long as I can come to the wedding 
Ready for another great day on the ! Hoping is having a great time away on his cruise!
use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :)))))
Starting week 6 of #Impact body plan. Increased strength, power, balance, flexibility and endurance are apparent. #go4it!
Oh, that's great! is going to be HUGE. I'm so jazzed about it!
Just jumped on to fix a childish mistake I made yesturday. I love all my family & friends no matter what! Tired but EXCITED
good morning all
I know
Click Edit Catalog Details in the hub. That way, you update everything except the xap. Still takes a day or so though.
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
I'm awesome thanks ;D
UK &amp; World News: Queen unveils restored Cutty Sark
Thanks for the retweet! re: State of the News Media 2012
its just annoying and frusturating
my dog eats flowers. is that normal.....
Twitter is so addicting !(:
Get frustrated that I haven't spent the last 5 yrs of my life pursuing the goals I am now, but at least I am doing it finally!
It's making those of us who live here very worried
welcome to twitter, you twatter!
Added some scratch VO to film & feeling good so far. Finding right tone is tricky but getting there.
i need u to but what u doing doing now o i sent the pic to yo email
Watching an awesome movie with the kids and then hanging out with my friend for a little while.
[LIVE TWEET] How does climate change create changes and opportunities in democracy?
Should you buy feetsie pajamas if you are in a wheelchair?
have fun! Can't wait to see pics!
Congrats on winning the Superbowl!
Looking for a healthier dish to go with that NYE resolution? Try our Marinated Tofu & Seaweed Salad: Sweet Chili, Sesame Seaweed, Soft Tofu
watching the parade, awesome day to see it.
thanks for the follow! We're doing our best to decorate #Twitter with some beautiful snapshots. #Lookup with us. :)
I still can't find your new album on #itunes. What gives?
rkowalski7: just now reviewing some of my materials from #sla2009; trying to integrate some of the sites I learned about into my routine
Big date with my daughter tonight :)
Anyone know how to use photoshop and wanna come over and help me? I will pay you in hugs. Maybe.
Avengers! Uh!!! No comment.
So many kooky movie sequences in the 90s to Rusted Root "On My Way"
I talk about JrFLL teams and then moved on to them (in FLL) - that distinction must have been lost in editing.
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too <3
R.I.P. Donna Summers
Whitney Huston - I have Nothing
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
I love you!
You too, Jamie! Keep your chin up & keep on #writing!
Ratings are ratings! Networks don't care about the reason you are watching the show. Hate or love it, the money is still green.
Kiss me like you wanna be loved, this feels like falling in love.
Contrary to what some may say, you CAN overthink creative endeavors. Sometimes its best to just get in there and get it done (cont) ...
YES Cleveland rocks!!!
Cause I'm tired of the ppl in Chicago,and Chicago it self
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 Wings tossed in your choice of
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live
Lol.. Is it tweeter ?! Or twitter?! Lmbo!! Miss ya sweets!! =)
Yes!!!! Can't wait for your birthday RT : Getting hooked up with sake bombs for the whole crew
I hope that is doin some work lol
everyone was avoiding me :(
I can't wait. 2 more hours till #celebrityapprentice & but I couldn't wait. The suspense is KILLING me.
I have learned something new about Twitter by the honor of following 2000 people - I can no longer follow anyone else until I get followers.
It's annoying enough that I think somebody from a war-torn, poverty-stricken part of the world would sympathize.
you could've tagged me in it 😉💜
lol -- just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach. Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andreev would be an improvement on situation
Boy you are going to be disappointed when you see her!
I'm good - busy as all get out, though. Will I see you in Philly or Milwaukee?
We appear to have lost Goodjer from the #gwj IRC channel. Not urgent of course :)
Wow! That's awesome! I'm so happy for you. More details please...
If today is any indication, every man in Seattle got flannel and a cafe racer for Christmas.
That was tight to me
Thanks very much for yesterday's RT.
Personally, I'm hooked on reading blogs. So much inspiration! Hard to get teachers to make time for doing it, though.
if you would please keep me in mind if you meet other musicians looking to record.
P.S: who you callin' bitter? Hi, Pot. This is Kettle. You're black!
I'm all rigged up for a Boston vs Miami Eastern Conference Finals!
#Huguely attorney is coming up next with defense closing arguments.
absolutely a great use of meditation.
Coca-Cola
#ff love to our new followers!
. Are you ready for a #VAGOP take-over of the Senate? We can do it TODAY with your vote
CJ Watson might not want to read his Twitter mentions
is ever going to follow me? :(
please don't be my enemy, I didn't spat at your generosity. I didn't get home until 815.
We see support for biological theories today in psychobiology, which looks at DNA, environment, nutrition, hormones...chemistry.
Fiesta at red rock. Lady in line for deserts and she has her plate full of deserts and she asks the guy"do u have sugar free pie? Lol.
.I wanna get extremely drunnk with someone & wake up Tatted xD haha i wonder what i would get..
Emotional eating can sabotage your weight-loss efforts
Hell no. When Western people greet me like that, I want to slap them.
