Thanks Mark!
Saturday I'm taking my son to see Avengers then I am headed to Redmond to try my hand at homebrewing with
you know they are
RT Meeting at STT legislation building this Wed 10AM regarding electricity costs.
My mom said I should hang out with more people like !
last dc*b concert ever...
I run slow when little kids are chasing me so they think they're fast.(':
Thank you for tweeting about this! We are excited for the progam
If you care about someone so much then why would you cheat on them?? #RealTalk gotta treat your girl with respect.
RT : If I started off a broke country nigga.... What I got to lose?
You'll figure it out. Like you said, you have plenty of time...
Yes, Olympic addicts unite! That's what the Olympics is all about, right?
I was taught the Devil made dinosaurs.
The Third Street Saints will continue to grow since I've collected 10 homies throughout Steelport.
"My mother used to say that having small children was like having a permanently drunk house guest."
Know why Amazon Prime has so many customers? Because shopping in a store is nearly as aggravating as driving.
I guess I'm Lindsay Lohan today.
REAL FRIENDS. Or listen to Cute Is What We Aim For's album the same old blood rush with a new touch. :)
will probably end up as a sng unless there is some promotions or satellites into it
The university archivists saves my yearbook students from certain doom!
2 years ago today, at 4:53pm, a magnitude-7.0 earthquake struck #Haiti and caused suffering beyond measure. Take a moment to remember.
MOST DRAFT BEER PROBLEMS ARE THE RESULT OF WARM BEER. PERFECT TEMPERATURE = PERFECT BEER!
Thanks for listing me, Alex :)
great meeting you too man! Thanks to you and for my workout break amaretto brownie
The vow is soo sad and romantic...new fav movie
Why oh why. Does anyone have any idea? I deleted and recreated the page. Same thing.
have you tried reaching out to for support? They can prob help you resolve your installation issue.
gettin off here peace out girl scout
playing mi guitar
Create Your Own Online Clothing Boutique, Earn 10% of Sales
exciting & good luck ^.^
Agreed...say hello to my old college classmate for me.
Starting some research on a new shirt design. Hint....it involves a large blue box.
Another year, another achievement! Thank you current and past clients! Selected as a 2012 MKE 5-Star Real Estate Agent!
The refs just called Pacers on another foul. Will be added to beginning of game 2.
#America: The Land of the Fatties and the Home of the Bigots.
RT : Be something new, something bold, something different and something glorious. {Great way to start the week!}
I hate when people are rude...one should always be polite.
I found the cure to growing older, and you're the only place that feels like home.
Oh hey..you smell delicious...
Franchise #Tax Board Friday is traditional slow news day. We have 2 news releases ready for next week. How's that for whetting your whistle?
Got #Records for sale? We buy rare #vinyl #records, LPs, autographs & memorabilia. e-mail or call +44 (0)1474 816043
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
Y'all going?
Peter Bol: Time needs to be treated as an attribute of space; geospatial data sources need to be pressured
Is it easy to use with wordpress installations, for code newbs?
No, though we're a membership-based organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho
oh lord--we're gonna get into depositions debating the meaning of the term 'like' sometime soon arent we?
if that is the case I hope they have feminine hands. Man hands for a girlfriend would be scary.
#Tomorrow - Come dance all night to sounds by DJ Frisko Eddy & all your favorite Latin DJs from the bay area! Doors at 9pm.
We placed 20th in a field of approx. 45 boats. More importantly, we collectively raised $10,000 for the cause: supporting cancer patients.
It all boils down to access.
how do you like the series so far?
My first day on #IamGabriel was hot but incredible. Why are we shooting in North Texas in the second hottest summer on record... again?
Damn im not the only one who had a bad day today, my bro just hit me saying he got stuck at his job..
Seaweed salad, you're my best friend.
Milwaukee Rugby Football Club fundraiser at the Dubliner tonight. 2nd & National. Food, drinks, raffle, might even pack a scrum down.
To Jason Segel "Should you be out doing blow and getting into fights?" -Jon Stewart
no but this time I'm sick of them
Yeah buddy!
:-) Hey Margo! Thx so much for the shout out last FF! :)
Finally got paid I need some shade and a vacay!!
In case she knows something, we're retweeting this > I got a sick obsession I'm seein' it in my dreams. Hint:
718 articles skimmed for relevancy. I only emailed 127 to myself for potential use. I fear for my bibliography. #yaygradschool *headdesk*
#DNation #Milwaukee will be at the Wisconsin Athletic Club from 4:30-7:30 Wed Jan. 11th. Stop by and hear about the AWESOME stuff going on!
Remember. Lucid dreaming anyone can do it just training your mind to realize that you are dreaming and not wake up
Do some reps for me! I'm still working on my early morning fitness motivation.
Oh man. I have #PutItDown on repeat right now. You're going to break my iPod. Lol.
he follows alot of people randomly. & I was talking to someone w/ him tagged & he followed them.
I really want cold stone. ☺🍦
spelled backwards sounds alot like EVOL. I must have had it backwards when I said I'll never leave you.
I dunno I'll have to check! ☺♥
Ready for the Lake show!!
you look cute :-)
Off work ! FINALLY ! !
I know why he flexin G his girl keep on textin me.
Got a spare sleeping bag? #Donate it! [at Red & Black or Laughing Horse] #clothingdrive #donation #pdx #opdx #occupypdx”
#milwaukee We are building our decking display by the millwork counter! Come check it out and see whats new!!!
Love to hear that! Thanks for sharing the feedback.
anyone watch the Bachelorette last night?
ahaha geno "...you're wearing bright green pants he's gonna see you?"
Happy Valentine's Day! I wore purple and orange and black because Halloween is better.
Good showing for the first round of Madison's Hardest Trivia at It's on again next week for some serious knowledge droppery.
And if the health care reform act is repealed then I run the risk of not being covered if I do get cancer. Man
Too many of these kids are thanking their agents...
Why do people say "personal gain" like it's a bad thing?
Making something really serious with and
Just missed Kevin Spacey at the eye doctor!
I know it's late news..but Edwards indicted? Crazy how the power you think you have can affect those that love you and are loyal to you!
Begin to wonder if laviolette's message is starting to go muted in locker room. 4 yrs with the team and no progress.
took my boy to watch a few races at Gulfstream today. Love watching the horses.
Girll where are you moving?!
Good! When You Do Let Me Know. & Why This Thirsty Dude NOT Giving Up.. -__- lmao
Four Peaks is LIVE! www.fourpeaks.org.
yup, there was an officer there throughout. He said he wanted to make sure no threats were made.
i'm hungry but too lazy to get up lol
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun
Goya products has an incredible ginger beer.
Being the 3rd wheel sucks espivally when im covering for her this is supposed to be besties night not go to the movies nd forget bout ur
woohoo, that is awesome! i've tried going raw before, didn't last too long lol. are you vegan or veg, bychance?
Hey world. Happy Monday!
Love meeting clients! Even on a Sat.
I love Ted!!
NAW IT A SPORT BAR & GRILL PLUS THE GAME GON BE ON 18 YEARS HAVE SCHOOL 2MORROW
Snow showers switching to a snow/rain mix as they move out of Central Ohio. Temperatures will warm up for the rest of the week!
A good point/perspective. RT : Something to consider: With e-books, there are no returns. This is not a bad thing for publishers.
We nominate for a Shorty Award in #law because we believe in paying it forward... and backward. :) Vote for us in #charity!
She said she faithful my ass! Haha
thats so sad, i was prepared to lose ringer, but just assumed our gig was a go because it was packaged
thanks enjoy your week
really liking Chris young's new song
Got A Condo Round My Neck Girl I'm Cashing Out !
sounds good! Let me call real quick.
My first grilling turkey chops. We'll see... Wish me !
I had to click the name. I thought it was Pablo's alter ego. Haha. Hi Megan! :)
would have been better if they would have thrown down.
I'm sorry, but Lance Berkman is on 'roids. Look at that bloated face.
Happy to be in Baltimore!
Agreed. Well-versed. RT : Judge seems media friendly. #TrayvonMartin”
The new photo blog is great! Nice work, Calvert Street!
Congrats on the 2012 Best of the Web Award!
Server is having issues - hosting company is working on it! Sorry!
TY MT : It's a Cannon - we got at CostCo! Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera #latetweetback #sorry :)
You must be if that was all you have to say after all this silence!
GOOD LUCK!! we love you! :)
Its funny how the Iphone just got the Copy and Paste function, BB already had it 1st and we have camcorders standard 2 haha
13% of online adults use Twitter, and half of Twitter users access the service "on the go" via mobile phone.
Tweet us your favorite frozen treat to win a pair of tickets to see at tomorrow night!
Diplo on BBC Radio 1xtra + studying for my final.
Pop Quiz: What is the center of the backbone called?
Guy in Michigan found a 12,000 yr old mastodon (wooly mammoth) in his yard. Sold it for $600k. I need a shovel right now.
You are a collection of wisdom.
He better watch or he might become Handi"capped"!
i do not know what your referencing Yanar..Please advie
Im serious ,
Happy mothers day to my mom, grandma and all my moms friends
Dumbest suggestion I heard to criticism that conf. is too academic: write a paper on it.
Yoshis good tonight, Brazilian jazz
BTW happy customers are worth $$ a lot more.
you at that place man lol
Thank you Jess, glad you like them!
The stories I'm hearing about elections all over the country today taking away everyone's rights is scaring me...
damn Hughes again! #whendoesthehurtingstop?
I ain't even study for my math final at all & its tmrw
whats your youtube ? I got music too
Thanks man! Looking forward for it. ;)
Our Ward 8 town hall meeting is tonight from 7 to 9 at Matthews Memorial Baptist Church at 2616 MLK Jr Ave, SE.
Take a deep breath and you'll rock it out on your first day!
If your gonna hate on my bbyz ion my face I am going to take out my nerf gun and shoot u in the face!! Cuz this is what an #iconiac does!
you guys excited for prom?! #ohwait only one of you is going
Me too!!! Thanks have an awesome day!
You too, have a great new year!
hate how people can be so immature and stupid
Phil Emery new Bears GM.
my girlfriend is your sister ;) and she loves you too :)
The #DTSBCO 20th anniversary performances at #GWU last night were magical.
... Fuck themselves, you dont just steal a song like that, of course everyone is gonna hate you now because that is such an asshole thing...
i pretended that if i tweeted about it it would matter. but of course it doesn't.
I know Thibs has designs of finishing the game with Taj, but if he doesnt bring him in, the game may be out of reach. Team needs a spark
Seriously, buddy. Way too much cologne.
Five more days with my babys </3
About to take the for 2nd time. Excited!
Yo ! How you living?
and all that frizzy hair!
ooh that's a good one.
"O it's a hollow feeling , when it comes down to dealing friends "
Opening Day 2011!
which HD kind of nput are you using?
Thanks for the RTs and
My buddy is my real inspiration with these films.
Loving this crew!!
' put some on risers and slap some wheels on it, pretty sweet idea
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 79
Too drunk to puke yet still the dd
Message me first , im on my phone (:
For sure. I just creeped your blog for a good 15 min earlier. Great job - I love all the posts and all the nail polish!
Academy Award Best Picture winner, THE ARTIST, will be re-released Friday, May 11 in theaters! Take your mom for Mother’s Day!
In the car. wiLl you be my valentine??? :) <3
We are so excited with the overwhelming number of #DCartists that entered to showcase their work at our Art show at the May 20 festival.
No offense taken. I've managed to mess up names a fair few times on Twitter... :)
Some people and some things dont get a reply
So often we forget to thank God for the little things like vision, a healthy body, and breath!
we gonna see u on stage here in Boston sometime soon?
yes, we miss her every day! It's still hard not having her around. :(
I know but that's just the way things are
We all have that friend who nevr has a clue what is going on
Outstanding dinner in SF at La Ciccia. Off beaten path but worth the trip. Excellent rustic Sardinian menu, world-class Italian #wine list
I have always wanted to go to #SXSW as well!
Hey #12ntc: I want to talk to someone about petitions and tumblr. Not together, ha. Just have questions. Who wants to chat???
Correction, we got it at 6:06p
cuz your in the geed capital of Texas
So ready for tonight only if would take me <3
Congrats to and for getting pulled in for the 100 back and 200 Im!
Come see me compete for on Saturday & on Sunday!
I guess I'll hang out with you
Precisely why I refuse to buy more from them. Have been disappointed on multiple occasions for same thing!
Hahaha get out of our city New York!
sounds bout right for a guy that lists mcdonalds,taco bell, and wendys as the grocery stores he shops at
#FedEx guy brought the #iPad3 this morning... happy dance! Said his truck was loaded with 'em.
Anyone else get excited when the new NPPES #NPI downloadable file is released? #aco #healthcare #medicare Downloading now...
happy birthday! I have to say you have dedication for walking around all day with a poster of attached to you.
sure :) glad it is helpful. It is a great panel.
How Difficult will it be for the NY Giants to "Repeat" as Super Bowl Champions next Season in your opinion?
really? Was relevant? Client?
I think I have to be trans-gender, trans-sexuality and trans-pet to negotiate this one!
Not feeling great today but go Lakers
Way to jinx it
Alan Carr Chatty Man, Y U NO COME ON IN AMERICA
I'm fine thanks :)
Tonight 6-8pm ill be on tune in!!!
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked (Wednesday) will go on as scheduled. Parking on main campus, no shuttles.
Day 2 only! Today was fun, I liked it. It's hard to do after a day at work but hopefully I can keep it up.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. -Woody Allen
My message is simple: take control of your life.
Glad that the new men of the House of C.S. Lewis are here and looking forward to the Great Race!
I'm pretty much jealous.
What's with you people I'm a dude with lots of sisters and woman look at the pics before u respond dudes are so dumb girls guys are soo dumb
uncomfortable moment on stage just now
Thanks! RT As somebody who's still in the "aspiring writer" camp, just want to say your "Haterade" article blew me away! Top notch!
is soo tired, but my back is freaking killing me luks like very little sleep 2nite :(
Did you know mozzarella used to be considered an artisan cheese?
We could have used that Miller scoop shot
If you are from NYC, we are going to have a show for you soon. And it is the most important show TROS will ever play. You must be there!!
Think you guys rawk! Please tell me the names of those Austin places I should hit up.
fun day in the sun with my girls!!! #loveyou <3
On MTV TR3S Great Memories!
good morning
good luck!
A year ago, I'd have relished putting kids to bed and settling in for late-night #twins game. This year, Z.
"The Grinch who did this" Well Done Kelly!
The Metrowest Colonials would like to wish you a safe and happy New Year.
Does Roger Goodell wake up every morning and go, "how can I screw up the NFL more"? Rule changes on kickoffs are a joke. I'm going UFL
has not only booked me on a flight that doesn't exist, they will now not give me a refund for this non-existent flight.
met two at Carnitas earlier. I heard it was good, but hate liver.
just got to the town hall. You here?
Thanks little sister!!!!!!
7am work for the second time this week
oh girl they give way better support, and comfort! i know where your coming from lol
Some people bullshit so much they begin to believe there own bullshit!
"Shaking his fist in Smitty's direction, he bends over the letter to figure out it's secret meaning."- IN THE ZONE
/ Thanks for your patience with our beta site, Alberto. System maintenance work is done and new cards are live.
twitter on my phone was busted and I JUST saw that glandsbrg reference from last week
Google, here I come. Thanks, mate.
Thanks for sending some of your stickers along with those labels!
Hey thanks for the AT&T #Hackathon RSVP! Welcome & let us know of any Q's :)
SO glad won Best Ink, he was the best from the very start!
Still working on OWL-Yet Arrive - WebOfData-1202.0984v1
Join us as Dr. Dianne Pinderhughes discusses Being President, Barack Hussein Obama, tomorrow at 10AM in the JSU Student Center!
i know that some people dont say this but im ready skool LOL but really
Is a 51 yarder that much out of the question?
Michael Jackson is 2TONE's biggest inspiration. RIP. KING OF POP
Great OUAT episode!! Girls is also pretty awesome.
Boozer's bum ass needs to go up strong, instead of looking for the damn fade away when he's that close to the basket.
Super tired, I have really bad blisters :/
hey, as long as they are trying...just find a good spot in the room for you :-)
Sorry Steeler Nation, our D is too old, it's too late in the season, I see our team golfing in the next few weeks. At least Ben & Heath.....
One of the many heroes of #WWII RT Remembering SF2c Lawrence R. LeBlanc, KIT on this day in 1945. RIP brother.
I miss watching our boyz on ABDC so much... ):
Hey all follow :)
haha! Yeah and what?
GO #USA!!! #WorldCup ...let's go yanks , make it happen
awesome! tell them to tweet at us to tell us you made them buy it :)
It's for sure not JDon manning his tweets...ill go through a different channel. Take care.
That was a waste of time. Had 2 promo girls,both looked like shit.All they wanted to do was drink. Taking 1 home. Maybe a 6.
These Angel’s who carry me
#TastyJuice: Drink it then convert it to pee.
Education for the mind, exercise for the body, religion for the spirit
Charmed, I'm sure.
niggas starin just as much as women do
The spirit is willing... but the mind is weak... and lacking in Monster energy....
Soon im going. Too Mexico this week well im leaving. Today ;)
If a nuclear bomb blew up Austin right now, then [YOUR SXSW QUIP HERE]
Q from the audience: "Are we creating monsters? Do customers expect special treatment when they check-in, interact with the brand?"
Try my best to be a good man
let's go. I want to finally experience
I think this may be a good example of gov trying to reach too far and creating unintended issues?
I ain't even tryna find out who he datin
Cody can u follow me?
yes sir!
Props to Mike Babcock for waiting 82 games to put your two best players together on the same line.
At work listening to native American elevator music
LIVE TIKI CARVING TONIGHT - Billy The Crud will be carving inside Frankie's from 8-midnight, then raffling off the finished masterpieces
Looking to #propose? Use today's deal from Precision Jewelers in for $1900 off select rings! Wow!
Girl and the Goat tonight. With the girl. I'm pumped!
#Huskies Coach Romar: "More dissappointed than surprised"
hello :) how's your day going?
Where in the hell did you find a basement in Texas?
I was so happy that I got to shoot with you at the Andaz. I can't wait to see the shot!
Ok maybe it's me but why are these girls going to school with book bags and purses?
Oh that's cool Internet, cut out. I'm going to bed.
If Monday had a face, i'd punch it.
I need my mom to pick up my 1D tickets ASAP. June 9th,So Excited!
Tomorrows monday...fuck.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, the game is over (DGpy5-pp)
thx for super May #fun in Chicago + best Detroit #no taco bell either-not real food! hope soon
see you tonight??
so damn happy that that show is back. smart humor wins.
Listening to Kentucky fans talk basketball in the stands takes me back to 4th grade recess
JENN FROM NEW YORK <3 LOVE U
A beautiiful day in san diego! Gotta go work on the new office and close the pay period strong!
idea for Erin for Saturday - if she doesn't want to check out the Concourse C art while waiting for me, she can catch the Red
It take more muscles to frown that it does to #smile! Save yourself the energy :)
ok and thx
It's cool seeing how the show has grown.
This is prison
Coming to holiday nights at the winery tnight? Super Q BBQ truck is in the house! M
so sad there goes hollywood for ya, all that money,time, and everything else wasted:(.
plugged the #MontclairFilmFestival on his show. Insanely excited to have a major film festival in my home town.
PARTY BUS JUST CAME AVAILABLE FOR TONIGHT! GET YOUR FRIENDS TOGETHER AND ALL CHIP IN ON THIS PARTY BUS BEING OFFERED AT 50% OFF! 447-2446
lol! I'm not sure we're every *truly* prepared for any of the things that motherhood throws at us.
Please enlighten me as to when they called a private citizen a slut and a prostitute. Schultz apologized/suspended
So... that means East Coast... PA... Pittsburgh or Philly?
well, first tweet me when ever deefizzy has his next live show.
uhm, is it the next weekend yet?
Oh, so they have. It was decent for doing POI editing.
I loves me some Michael Bay explosions in 3D, and great casting!
The Gayl Jones novel? Or that more recent one stealing the title? RT : #Bookettes really didn't like "The Healing"
Oh really? We'd love to test that theory!
#nowplaying Love On the Rocks,
thanks! Our next issue will be on music and American history.
Why why why! :( now I know why people drop out of college.
TWEETING FROM GYM #LIKEABOSS!! **nOt.OvEr.YoU<33**
R U about to do a video on YouTube
I blame him for leaving him in as long as he did. Maybe he was trying to send a message to dd? No clue, gotta hit though
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft Report Card: Grading Every Draft Pick
Just saw the Chris Campoli injury... no one was even around you dude.
stop in the name of love before you break up and come crying to me about your problems and i have to help you!
Who's going to be launch party on May 23rd at 7pm? will be there!
Disturbed....but intrigued all at once....
It's Thursday & you know what that means! ALL NIGH HAPPY HOUR! Plus Karaoke in Bellevue! The weekend is almost here!
#FF right back at ya! Enjoy the weekend. :)
Since it is Follow Friday, please follow me....now.
Still debating trying to swing it but don't think I'll make it this time around. You?
Missed u more:) mwua 💋
coo..what city are u in?
Bielema give Abby a scholarship quick....
the same thing they all get from the cover ups they have done in the past
You make valid points. I am a Christian on the left but I do sometimes have to block conservatives who stalk me & call me names
My Mother's Day flowers were a no-show. Touché Universe, TOUCHE.
We use fruit in our bread!
There's nothing that I can't try
hahahahahahaha (: sounds like fun to me ! Be careful though don't wanna burn a house down haha xD
LETS TREND MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL! :D <333 TWEET IT TO ME AND I'LL RT.
watch ya need?
I need to stay awake, more coffee pls
Shout out too the asshole!!!
too humid, damn.
Not yet. 2 drills in 3 weeks. One of these evenings we will, for sure!
Thanks for the #FF! Cheers to the weekend!
Cicero~ To be content with what one has is the greatest and truest of riches.
The Jewish Journal begins coverage on what Susan Freudenheim coins a "Touchingly Sensitve 'Extreme Makeover'" at Beit T'Shuvah....
Current Status: Searching my tweets for a band name.
Text from my mom, "why don't you show your half mexican side?" me, "What does that even mean!?" How do I show that???
ALL flights booked for GMT. LV-Denver-Scottsdale. Good looking out
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
the stanley cup finals are 4 series of up to 7 games: 4 wins by one team ends the series. it takes 6 wins to take the stanley cup
book your Comic Con rooms now!!!! Cheap rate, great views of the Harbor and awesome Fish Tacos across the street fresh that day!
Mel Gibson....IS A JOKE
Aww thanks for the pic! RT you're such a cutie patootie!
Make the most of rebates and coupons.
Mike Daniels: "More eyes on data" than ever before, so his group focuses on data stewardship.
Your earned it! Congrats. RT : WE DID IT!!! We reached our goal with our 131st backer!
Band of Heathens at The Other Side, Blackalicious at Cervantes. I don't think I could work at a cooler venue
why do you have the florist for your picture?
Yeah I recently fell in love with Neil Gaiman so I'm looking forward to reading it. And DUH I will totally be there!
. is babbling about proposed KY budget. Not sure I trust lifetime politician to solve problems that he's helped create
holy shit you're ugly!!!
omg i love yo gotti he da best rapper him n gucci i love det real nigga get money music
he's retired now haha so I don't think it was tho
Charlize Theron uploaded Charlize Practices Her Oscar Acceptance Speech
Aha!! A new idea for working w/ at-risk youth: student-led parent/teacher conf! EdLab workshops are great for new ideas.
I'm deleting my Yelp, or rarely using it. Unless there is an application that combines the two. Do you know of one?
hopefully that set is not permanent. Now that the opening series is long gone, that set should be too.
Gaslamp Killer- We make it good >>>
Co-author is swamped wearing her editing/publishing hat and is just glad is on it!
thanks for the shout out, keep up the good green work.
Okay awesome!! Good luck!!
Oh that's cute? You guys have a song? Yeah I remember when that was our song too!
Ultimately, it's thin as far as social media stuff, but able to help you recognize people who can help you grow your series
Sunnyside is a place of ruin, ruled by an evil bear that smells of strawberries
security:where u going kid ? me:*chewing gum* walks out
Grrr instagram keeps telling me my pics are to small
Does it count as color-blocking if I'm wearing a red dress with tangerine nails? ;)
you owe me a signature sir.
And when they do, they're cheapo crap caps. Do yourself a favor and order something truly wearable from
& i dont want nobody to fw me either .
Maybe it's because I'm not from Wisco, but I don't get the appeal of the fish fry. Don't like it in Lent or any other time.
remember that time I got defriended?
Now I know what you were tweeting about. GO BUNNIES !!!
been messing around with the Enigma Preview layout in Rainmeter this morning. Pretty neat stuff.
The tweet is a horcrux (jk Dumbledore, mosey on) (jk, Death, it is a horcrux back off)
Hello everyone! Thanks for following... hope you enjoy my tweets! =)
#Now is the time for transportation experts to come together to play their roles as we shape
this is me: "Don't open that closet!"
interview on goes off without a hitch, despite occupy wall street protesters chanting just outside the door
Im woke now class over
#GhettoEasterBasketItems Pirated "Hop" Movie
RT : Thanks! :) #litchat many of us are learning!
super interesting huh. loved that too. (ego depletion as it's been about a week for my reply).
Seniors, how excited are you for tomorrow? You've earned it!
how are you bus buddy?
okay ha
I miss the old good shows on #teennick... :/
Our mobile iPhone apps philosophy is very simple: VincentIT produce stellar and innovative iPhone apps that are designed and developed to e…
Kids out of foster care, get Thanksgiving treat - WXIA-TV
Whether you're fortunate enough to b w/them or whether you're remembering them via photos, 2day (+ every day)....soak up the 1s that u love!
People talked about the political and cultural symbolism and metaphors of a man giving mouth to mouth to a sheep for an hour
My mom stay coming home ready to fight and of course she wakes me up to do so
Ok guise. Zerrie isnt real. Gosh sugarscape I love you but you're wrong ahaha.
Congratulations! RT Just got a phone call from VA Living Magazine - we were voted one of the best pet boutiques in Eastern VA
The big decision to be reached is about the filling
Under the weather :( ... Need some tender loving care.
I don't really care if you say Eminem sucks. Exist 50.000.000 people who thinks he's the BEST. So shut up and bite me ! ¬¬
it's called bonny doon nude beach
Okay I didn't get everyone, cause there is a bunch of people I want to meet. So...SORRY IF I MISSED YOU OKAY.
Lol remember when TEBOW burned the steelers??? And they think they'll beat us when we have manning?!
I had follow
Would love a UBD hangout
So here's to everything coming down to nothing, here's to silence that cuts me to the core.
Just because..let's thank #DrHubbard for the #HANSdevice!
T-slizzle out for the yr big blow for Baltimore.
follow back?:)
Loving syncing music to my #rdio mobile app, may never 'buy' music again.
just say my name! LOL RT : I've got one more announcement ... one more pair of
Welcome back - to Kansas City not Ludwig Field
Want to know the answer to life?
Great event and even better beer! Nice job guys
Work is turning out to be a buckets of fun today
thanks 4 following!!
(Vincent T. Lombardi) Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.
I'm beyond excited for Teen Wolf to start again.!
Thank you, thank you, thank you, for sending me home tonite with "Tupelo Honey."
millanton is a small town of around 5.000 people.
My favorite cereal is life...and I got it...and I lived...
I agree it could be potentially developed later if the demand exists
Silver Stars take 72-59 road win over Connecticut Sun.
"It smells like indians"
If we did all the things we were capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.— Thomas Edison
Seasons 52's Spring Menu starts one week from today on March 15!
I love loVE LOVE bein a aquarius! We rock! independent, intelligent, fashionable, intuitve!
What happened to Lindsay Lohan's face? #SNL west coast
All you have to do is click to learn how to make KILLER DEALS at BaltimoreREIA's Meal'N Deal Series- tiny.cc/meal-n-deal-series.
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 2
Of everything in the Munro Leaf papers, my favorite is "Ferdinand the Bull: Psychoanalytic Remarks about a Modern Totem Animal."
#CampCharlie has been evicted by the US #PoliceState we will return
Sick and tired of EVERYBODY. FUCKKKKKK YOU!!!
tits or gtfo
I'll never have enough time to implement all these new ideas.
New China for dinner! M.....
“: Yes, I know who killed me. Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.” so sick
I wrote some zombie stories, too. Those are free from my website.
I can never sleep in -___-
That reminds me, did Caleb ever get the little blue & white hat to you?
5 o'clock + Friday = The Perfect Combo
Don’t aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. – David Frost
wait wat. victoria or annie
I mean, that area's clearly crying out for a tattoo of Connecticut.
I'm happy I've got to see him all weekend
“: Jayhawks - "Blue" came on in this restaurant. Great song.” such an underrated album all the way around. Miss Williams Guitar!
hello :) how's it going
Thanks to everyone who came out last night, and thanks to the no-shows for the leaving us bonus bourbon.
congrats! If you ever need a designer for that, I'd love to work with you :)
Was just told, Im the ideal Bad Girl... Hm not sure what to think bout that
:: In weird lease-signing limbo. At least there's good food.
At the 2012 Global Ethics Summit & after listening to the panelists I am convinced #Crowe's approach to Ethics is spot on!
Everyone follow hes the realest!
Def on a plane to TX, man to my right has a cowboy hat in his hands... Man to my left has a Glenn Beck
I closee my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray ♥
Thanks Carrie for all the great advice.
I may just have to do that......
Im chasing after you!!! Miss singing with the gang in Barbourville. #twitterless Blk Betty Mike B. n Chevy
Speak now
call me HOTDOG 🔥🐶
A7: You are a blessing to ME and the world, I appreciate you walking with me in this experience called life!!
hey we are not stuck on 900 likes anymore:)
I also find it odd that libs say America isnt a Christian nation & that we arent based in Christianity as a nation. NT
Three &'d a half more hours doe :(
I really wish there was a Panda Express in downtown Pittsburgh. I never thought I'd miss it this much.
I'm addicted to watching cartoons
I hate people that cant handle their alcohol/ drink all the time. Booze is for celebrating, not for killing the pain of your existence.
Check out Mundo on 1st Friday! truck will be here passing out free swag!
I wish it was that easy of a fix. I'd be as good as new then.
Nomination are being taken for Subregion Representative.
I work for Dell(computers),can't seem to remember how to work mine this morning.Forgetting things like "turn monitor on."#notready4tuesday ?
Congratulations by the way! I personally wasn't knocking it!
With the licence plates, too ": Seriously, still way too many people's bios describing them as a "guru." Stop."
Gearing up for my #appr #nysut rubric calibration test from #nysed at
lmao! Now that's funny....
I dont know how to explain it but I swear every morning I wake up I am more #motivated than the last. Once my music comes out its goin down
Caley, party was amazing. Conley banquet in Irwin is an awesome place.
Robot Chicken or Aqua teen?
To ALL my 461 followers: It's been fun running this twitter :) I just want to let you all know: PLEASE FOLLOW My NEW twitter! ILY
Aye cuzzin knock it off yu got me jealous yu makin big moves..I Like it in yu mane let me kno if yu need me im around the corna
Happy to be home after great week in Boulder at #RSA11 - "Composing Multimodal Rhetorics" with
yes way. c:
RT Newt loved his marriage so much that he wanted to share it with another.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Money...Is Anywhere God Wanted You To Be."
trying to trust u.
I wish the people working on my neighbor's house weren't so damn LOUD this early in the morning ugh.
As a participant in WWII and the Apollo 11 space mission, we honor the preservation of the USS Hornet naval ship this Sat (2/13/10) @ 5:30pm
I don't like John McCain, but oh how I wish he won the election 3 years ago!
getting ready an hour early makes the morning less stress, also nice when you have a 7 minute drive to work.
Bout to hit the Gym! ... Home Gym that is and then ... NAP TIME :-)
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake ... Embrace the Pancakes. Improvement? Maybe.
The 2012 Silver Spoon Awards is only a little over a week away!! Tickets are going fast!! Don't forget to purchase your ticket!!
I hate the dentist. "you won't be able to eat for an hour after flouride"...........WTF?! this is going to be a problem.......
Met some celebritys today too :D what an awsome night! And still not sleepy!
#TheAwkwardMomentWhen you realize your fly has been down since you left for church.
~got my license, can't stop me!
Metallic mannequins came alive today
A conduit and a middleman are very different things.
I absolutely LOVE when it rains in LA. Weather kind of reminds everyone that life still applies. Beautiful, invigorating, vital.
yoo can you or please burn me a copy of taylor alderdice and bring it to school tomoro?????
ppl been saying they calld and my phone was going to voicemail imma call u tho so much to talk about
Thanks for the follow Peter!
Boy am I grumpy. And oddly, the Chargers have nothing to do with it! (Not that they're helping, thank you very little.)
Baby, engagement, baby, engagement. Facebook is a daily reminder of how old I'm getting.
Hanging with my bestfriend and baby tonight <3(:
It's a new day. Rise up and move forward into the victory God has prepared for you!!
Lmao i thought i had it bad #You got it bad (in my Usher Voice)
Amazing advancements to help stroke, brain-damage, and spinal cord injuries. One treatment here in San Diego. NBC San Diego News at 6 pm
Oh! I learned how to play leather jacket by Joyce manor on guitar yesterday!
so ive been pretty busy lately.. sont hate me but the fan video might have to wait a few weeks..
You're a freak looking at my twitter. Filthy lesbian :)
Yeah, pretty rough...
not before something happens to UNC...... You're thoughts on that situation?
#ICanHonestlySay I #NeverApologizeFor someone being wrong and I know for a fact that I am right!
cmon down and join me!!!
Rockin the best Music makes for having one. Peace out. Im sheddin some music, so i can have more of one. Xoxo
Off to Hamburg to play at Birdland Jazz Club with my group featuring the great Torsten goods on guitar, Phil Steen on bass and Peter...
All Your Songs Are The SHIT But Its Something About Copy Paste It Gottah Message To It iLove IT !
ohh that's cool! :)
Taco Bell or Subway?
have a great one
Woah. Just met Mayor Bloomberg.
before we opened Te, yes, we did hang out at Artiste a lot. Was a nice place! And … welcome!
I tell everyone I'm very happy because I'm in love :) :$ ♥
No shock, but as the release said, he still will consider playing in 2013, of course until his new contract won't allow him too
pillow pet?
getting picked up at noon to go get my ID to go to elkins high school prom !!!
Weekend is here. Now back to Clone Wars season 3
So True RT : Writing helps put your feelings and thoughts into perspective.
When you know sour it allows you to appreciate the sweet💐
I cant tell..
Hiring the right staff is crucial to any new restaurant.
I'm very close to being done editing, just waiting on my illustrator basically!
and TWICE on Sundays.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
Stoked to see , , & on the GKIC stage this weekend! I'm pumped!
My wife tonight: "So Didot is a classification of type? Just like a Garamond?" Me: *swoon*
Need a solid read, anyone have suggestions?
It is amazing chaos! Volunteers buzzing all over. So much gets done. Do you wish for 2 mondays/week? I do.
RT : We is family bro! Love you guys! // Agree!
So glad it's Friday!
“: does anyone know where/how I can watch season 5 of Californication if I don't have Showtime?”<~~ Netflix or Hulu?
RT Next up: How to Design for Context in Mobile; Fjord presenting. Should be awesome.
Just burnt my finger.
i pick up a fresh bottle 2morrow Im drank out
Yeah I do love brunch! In theory I will be able to run 5K in two weeks.
What's goin down tonight Twitter?
I hope I anther with you , but I think I will be all over the place lol see you in the am !!!
Have a great holiday everyone!
Ok, thanks :D <33
Trent Reznor (and his other projects) have always done FLAC afaik. That's the first well known example I can think of.
How are you getting updates?
i just signed up for season tickets! can't wait to see the match!
Say something if your feeling the vibe<3
Can animals be twins??
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!44
IM GONNA SEE YOU SOON!!! NYC BABYY(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hate getting a mention only to find it's spam about free iPads. Are these people, or bots?
lol yeah, Terry is local Texas player! :o And yeah, ggf....
Working #attackattack tonight
yeah one of the two let go. I was checking n my son she rides by my Bm house I get a pic MSG its my truck I go outside and ugh
There's not a lot of downside to being an actress but memorizing lines is less fun than getting into character....
Having breakfast at the Mirror Lake Inn, overlooking the lake and the mountains! Pretty good...
A strong woman is a woman who can smile this morning like she wasnt crying last night.
lol is he supposed to look like me or something?!
In the courtroom in Beverly hills court.
406 followers!! Thank u soo much guys!!!!!!!!
Politics is made up largely of irrelevancies.
thanks nice afternoon♥
Luxembourg was on House Hunters International! Must.Go.Back.
What are friends? Could somebody help me pull all the knifes out of my back and return them to the people who stabbed me in the back?
Lmao at the show wipe out.....
- what is your drawsomething screen name? Let's play! I'm melek13. I'm addicted already!
I love it when a client is absolutely thrilled with their new web site.
Eugh. Typo, typo, typos.
Finally decided to go Corp. liable (they don't reimburse personal plans). Saving myself $86 a month, and getting a 4S! AT&T 4 4sale...
omg I LOVED it!!!! So good!
simply grand music Memphis formerly sounds of memphis offers great soul music!!
I might smoke a black but i will never smoke a square and if u gettin fuckin money bitch put it in the air
Thanks! Interesting video...
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. - Robert Half
gotta eat bro:-)
Taste your words before you spit them out.
hell yeah
If the grants include figuring the cost of publication for the faculty, then the Universities won't bear the burden alone goes another idea.
Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle. We are no longer overbudget.
That PD2 is my fav! Rise of the silver surfer went extra hard!!
Watching people jostle in the boarding line...I don't think they realize we're all getting on the same plane.
so thankful for my friends and above all jesus the christ..all y'all get to church tomorrow and especially sunday, the lord's day…
Can't wait to see you tomorrow for 's #FrozenYogurtFestival!
TY for the mention. Have a great day!
Bria needs to call.
One billion people use a Google product every day
Jamison says, RESEARCH, RESEARCH, RESEARCH.
DM me your Full Name and email. The tix will be emailed to you by 9pm tomorrow. You'll have to print them!
RT - #CBJ goalie Paul Dainton just Hail Mary'd to Boone Jenner. Unlike the Jacksonville Jaguars last year, he did not catch it.
Tonight! Our houseband performs their own headlining gig at $5 to check out #BroccoliSamurai and 2 other bands.
How was your hs reunion tonite?
He's eating what I grew up eating, yum!
Why did it take years for the public to hear abt Sandusky's alleged crimes? Guess it went thru the Vatican first?
can you follow me? You're the best!
somebody stole my phone , what else can go wrong /:
Dangerous drivers are disrupting lives in a quiet Milwaukee suburb. Now, Speedbusters is on the case. On Your Side, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
Everyone please take a second to #FOLLOW TMCRecords® CEO & President
#Iran is not our enemy. If we want an #enemy in #mideast it should be #SaudiArabia #Qatar & #Israel - but we (#US) call them #allies :(
•Marriage has no guarantees. If that’s what you’re looking for, go live with a car battery
the last word is my email pw, ha.
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : American Music by Violent Femmes & Kanye's Workout Plan
right back at ya!!! Now go tweet about #vodka #pizza & #attorneys 😜
Whose your pick for the NCAA title this year man? I'm thinking Kentucky!
How important is Social Media to your marketing? If you don't have an online presence do you realy exist? Like the bear in the woods?
Livin my new life in Houston
White Grape Juice.💛👍
I second this!!! Oh, and bacon wrapped hot dogs also please :)
haha it's alright, I'm glad I don't have to go to school for a while!
Thx for the shout! Excited to see you this month for Naked Third Thursday!
RT : lol prob just the silent type :) >>What would life be without Twitter bots?
We love rockin your day! :) RT listening to your band at work and its as if you're playing in my office. pretty awesome!
YUM! RT : came to town on Monday with some oven ready and French Dressing. I think that will be...
In honor of Independence Day, Mundo will be closed on Sunday, July 3 and Monday, July 4
Oh, lovely. Discover just as I'm heading to bed that the Newfie dog's done a deluxe deer poop wallow. Ugh. Thanks, Gracie Mae.
You’ve still got time to get down and enjoy the sunset while enjoying a fire.
Hey Jackie! Great hearing from you...hope all is well! I still haven't been up your way, but you never know ;)
Or alternatively, does TFA wound more than bandage the issue? Anyone have an article to support said wounding theory?
I want to know what happened with we are the in crowd.
Congratulations to on their grand opening today in the #DesignDistrict!
y r u being followed by a bisexual fashion designer????
Its STATISTICS not english comp... Stop assigning papers!
u just made me smile dylan :)
Shut up 😠
S/O to for putting it down on "Misconception" w/ easily on of my favorite trax on
My lovely wife drove to Dallas to pick me up and we spent the entire ride home reenacting the Robyn scene from last night's "Girls".
As my mom wld say, "she's not too bright" Seriously. RT Madonna-Cld she possibly be more affected or less gracious?
Great branding _ 1800yourbrand.com Running PPC or SEM campaigns using phone website promotes phone without getting charged for the clicks.
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30sasking for a ride to work!
I sang WWII songs for/with an audience that incl. a WWII Navy man if that counts. He wasn't at Pearl but he had some great stories.
On lockdown, i dont think i can stand being home this long....
prayers out to you and yours
Nobody says it but u always think twice b4 u follow some1 that's not decent looking
This bar downtown is so legit! Upright bass, and a SICK guitarist!
who is all playing there?
Need another vacation. A booze cruise Sounds good. A Damn good drunk time!!!
Discovered Civil War soldier I'm researching was brought up on charges for trying to sell bad bacon in 1864.
Our church playgroup is headed to on Thurs morning at 10:30am. Want to join???
: Great webinar yesterday!
your on business I hear
Report this problem at community.schoology.com - If it is a bug, then it will be put onto their radar.
As a former Tulane student,I can vouch for drinking intramurals we excelled at.They didn't give scholarships tho
will I be able to watch a replay of the whole game or am I out of luck?
#Actors - Avy Kaufman #casting "Scoutmasters" roles incl. STUART 88 Barely Alive, CATHOLIC SCHOOL PRIEST 60, NUN 40, more roles in the app!
Imagining how good it would feel if you were standing in front of those things that spin to make electrycity
"and across the street is the famous, delicious restaurant Chesapeake Factory!" unfortunately it's a Cheesecake Factory.
yeah I'm not trying to be a prof so not really any point
I need sleep
tweeting probably lol
"Casper" always makes me so sad :(
very good Ms. Gaynor
Oh you gotta man, well you need a richer one? Lmao
Judge yaself an situation before u judge tha next person
Hey man! Im from Dallas,follow me?
ha yeah what of it (:
seriously contemplating that
Please give an accurate account of the #rushlimbaugh scandal. Free speech is one thing. Promoting or downplaying hate is another.
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
no way!! thats not fair!! the poor things just go to the garbage!!
love you sister!:)
Realized I've been coding for more than half my lifetime.
What keeps prepared foods looking and tasting fresh?
definitely was!! :)
First day of the real world. Let's do all the things!
Sing in my Ear again, imma hang up on you,
lol enjoy it! happy mondays are so rare :)
You must be looking/listening to them a lot=) The points plant seeds of logic and critical thinking. To some that isimportant.
yes, can you tell I'm in a twitter party? Pardonnez-moi. I'm giving a chance and they are not disappointing.
learn the facts before you start up fiction(untruths) about someone..or YOU MAY GET READ!
ATTENTION ALL DANCERS!!! - HERE'S THE ULTIMATE CAREER GUIDE FOR BOOKING JOBS!!!!! FOLLOW AND RETWEET
bummer! Coming to YN #DCDrinkUp at Rocket Bar on the 5th?
we don't know any details yet but that's where my mind's gone
I know a lion.
Super Congrats to our own for #winning yesterday's bartender battle at #HardRockABQ! Parq who??
Max (owner of The Max) from Saved By The Bell was on last night's #HIMYM, and Kubiak from Parker Lewis Can't Lose was on FYI.
might hit the Neon...but bout to get a bottle now
i'm liking lala.com as an interesting alternative to pandora...
I can't wait for may 16th .
destiny and vinny or nick(:
hey Sasha
MJ and the Charlotte Bobcats gave away food to the needy this week. Videos showed kids leaving with Oreos and Lemonade.
From Me With Love ....
#RIPMCA I first saw The Beastie Boys when they opened for Madonna in 1984. Everybody was pumped.
Lorain teen beaten by 10 males while riding bike
as a woman entrepreneur you all are my inspiration & idols #modelfamily in business
In a glass case of emotion. Baby bucket list via sad. J. Simpson bump watch via funny. Twitter has taught me to feel.
it sounds A LOT different. Not giving to much away but I want to drop it while I'm in Worcester so I can promote it there 2
likely more tests for insurance justification followed by surgery. Tech today was amazed I worked and was not on disability.
Pretty please with a cherry on top will you follow me! ❤
#thoughtsduringschool how many more Dang minutes Left
“ “ If God is for me, I could care less if you are against me!””
The Cubs won? Guess I missed that amidst the misery that is this Hawks game.
Tami gets drunk and becomes a wildebeest. Got it.
I thought you forgot
Lol ya ! We have to go !
Nice! What a fantastic show.
road bike, just cleaned and lubed it yesterday.
I think he will :-) an oh that sucks the big one Im sry
going to bed in a few night everybody(:
I think I just saw a hooker get picked up....
I know it's early, but how are those gas prices?
I get so intimate with food
LOVE the new glasses!
my gurllll. How it do? We gonna be shopping for my mudder today. I will hit you up with my digits via Facebook . Holla at me
I had a lot of fun at train day here in #new York city # grand central terminal
how did the surprise go?! Did you get video?!
We are going to the afternoon sess and if we don't bike count us in to get to
I've had an amazing day & I'm feeling tired now. I choose to unplug and relax now. Aaaahhhh...
and I'll be too stubborn, therefore floating down the bar in a sea of 2 parts water/1 part liquor. And Katie will drive us home!
Love this from - "when life gives you lemons, make a kick ass martini with a twist!" That's the spirit! :)
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet to that I am "wired" to the community.
Bringing Columbus to Cleveland to see my first place !
#askvinny have you ever tasted Nutella Oatmeal? i have and its AMAZING!
Glad you had a fun (and somewhat informative) time! Good luck in London...
I feel like shit.
I'm seriously tired all the time
Thanks so much for following!!
Do you shop ? Share your picks for best wedding sellers!
My daughter walked past me watching C's and Sixers, "daddy, why is the game on mute?" I replied, "I'm making a few phone calls to friends."
“: "That means women should earn equal pay for equal work." #SOTU”
Thanks for everything!
I'm going to cover Forever by Chris Brown next. Can't wait to show you guys my acoustic twist on it!
I hate being bored :(
lol you say that that about everyones parents. Smh
of course, tea has many benefits and is even better when consumed with good company!
I wish I was there!;(
One direction storys on facebook
it isnt my fault that i tend to be sarcastic at times LOOL
Good news!!! Apparently, Michelle's surgery to have her "ghetto" underbite corrected has been successful!!! Way to go Dr. Chink!!!
in Lima....and what am I doing? surfing the internet. i can't let it go!
Our president doesn't care
everything is delish so far & my (normally picky) grandparents approve of everything. Service has also been nice and patient.
Tacos? It smells like tacos over here.
While in San Diego, my friend from ABQ made me green chile enchiladas, now I'm craving them again!
Sorry for the late reply. The chat went well! You would have enjoyed discussion on "is social media is a moral obligation?"
The bland roast beef that I made yesterday was a bit better today over egg noodles. Don't ask for the recipe.
Inception was actually the first Blu I bought :D OMG Batman 89 must only be played on VCR! The fuzziness just adds to the
They're giving them the worst calls, then saying the other team his class, then saying our behavior is embarrassing.
“: Come on Knicks!!! We need a NY team that actually wins”. What about your Jets? They have Tebow...
Wondering why it is that making handmade beautiful things is so slow that I'm only making about $10 an hour at the most?
Never Let Nobody Tell Yu What Yu Can't Be ; I Bet They Told Obama He Couldn't Be The President!
Hell, now I'm all pissed off ... gotta try and go to sleep now.
This is def the greatest font joke i've seen in awhile. RT : I have seen Republican America, and its type is Trajan
yes I do. My latest ep Saudade is up. Thanks for the interest!
222613 ∞ all of them. because they're all flawless. IB- Mikey 
Wow! Girl in a Coma in SF on May 1st. And, on the 13th... Calle13 oficial!!
ALMOST 800 FANS!
every body is saying that their idols make them stronger That's just fine but I think people who believes in me makes me stronger
Who walked to her kid's school today to pick him, walked home, and STILL did a mile on the treadmill tonight? That's right. THIS woman.
You've gotta be into firefighters..I don't have posters of firefighters in my bedroom but I'm sure I can get into it
well thanks because it is adorable(:
Sorry bro. I'm just passionate about him & the foundation he laid for us all.
hey, check us out :] We are pretty amazing and new to vegas
I hate mirrors.
Why would you care? They matter about.. this much.
You really need to stop wearing your "hipster glasses" because you dont look cute.
What I just did in da 💩'er would be considered illegal in many states!!
If you want to become a serious marketer, skills training is provided free of charge to enable you to earn serious rewards
stupid, not stoopid
Happy Thanksgiving!
just to give you a heads up on 8"x"12 prints of super moon, I just tweeted a deal.
whats needed is substance on the campaign trail!!!
At the Walk for Autism event in Pasadena,CA this morning! What a beautiful day for a beautiful cause! Come join me at the Rose Bowl!
hey I met your co-worker Jon today - he came by our dean's retirement party. Good guy, spoke highly of you
Desert Trails Parent Unions are pressing forward. They are not faltering under CTA's compton-like tactics
passing silhouettes of strange illuminated mannequins
I'm helping to train the new guy. Pretty much all I've told him so far is where the good places to eat are.
just saw a little old lady wearing a shirt that has" flirtologist" written across the chest in glitter
my nigga just doin him. We good just paper chasin. And u?
#haters goal is to Bring You Down. But if you want to succeed a goal in your life then then your job is to ignore em.
the copyright policy is an issue, but no one who writes about that is focusing on that. They are focusing on "girls use it."
lol yea i dnt think we'll be havin a manager for a long time unless we get big or enter abdc
…as long as your legs touch you are good to go. I'm not a big guy and I went from 500cc to 750cc and finally settled on 1100cc.
we produced the w+k founders day event today!
Oh please meet another Chicago lawyer who appreciates good literature, including poetry!
Don't forget to check out my dispatches from Friday's #wifilmfest slate. Includes interview with Tetris documentary director.
Chef Special - Grilled Swordfish with lobster & scallion whipped potatoes, topped with arugula & onion salad. Yes, please.
You have to! It's awesome to drive. Went to the Malibu Country Mart today- it is so tiny.
They're not pointing and laughing at you for taking nude pictures, they're pointing and laughing at your ugly ass outfit.
Had a lovely companion with me on the drive in this morning: BIG SPIDER right next to my head that I noticed as I drove on the interstate
*better man. He'll be a best man when he takes me to Vegas to see Love.
My dinner: Pizza (Ital.), Sushi (Jap.) & Zatec (Czech beer)... Gotta love Giant Eagle Market District :)
ymCMB. Christopher Maurice Brown.
Fresh cut grass & a cool breeze.
Signing locals kids generates more fan interest, its a win:win situation!
thanks! You too!
GRIND IS THA KEY!!!
#bieberonthevoice ah !!!!!! I Love you Justin !!! (:
Welcome to the Penn State family Bill O'Brien....We Are!
What is the new blog?
#FlavahNation All Day Everyday :) 
Tease with ur tongue + fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start drippin.
Watch Scandal!
that one person who knew u better then everyone else and seems to be moved on now.
Most definitely! Do you work with Jim Hendler? I've talked with him a couple of times in the past.
Hello Rhonda and Thank you
Necklace project done. Now just few final touches. :)
i was responding to your judge judy comment, i thought that was a court show, not profiling lives of inmates?
HUGE congrats to my lovely friend Misty - she's going 2 be featured on 's Cupcake Wars this Sun.! Beer & cupcakes FTW!
for some reason I knew you were going to say that..drug yourself and go back to sleep!
who goes to sleep at 9 these days ?
You smile my face. :)
Actually, fuck that, that one painting was cool, too bad homeboy phoned it in on like 98 other pieces
I'm pretty much hooked on !
If lil twist was to cut that mohawk off I swear I wouldn't notice him
Oh ya, free of course. A gift from a labor tech geek, to labor tweet geeks
#KFC amazing 'can do' attitude at KFC Gaedendale, Al. Gen. Manager said:'what do you want? I will make it happen!' Great service!!
“ if your mama still fistfights with the neighbors”
I had a great day !
“: The dairy industry was so powerful in 19th century that it managed to make production of margarine a fed crime// still should be!
4th period senior exams are tomorrow.
Great quote from #WhiteSox Gordan Beckham "I've never turned a double play in my life that I've had my foot on the bag"
Hey Everyone! Check out my new video
Fellas let's do a lil more then just candy and flowers.
Shirt giveaway contest coming tonight. #IronCowboyIII PBR Bull riding in Arlington. Great night to be there live or watching on TV
I'm not ready for x-mas. This sucks
you as in DADDY SPIT, is sexy as f*** x)
Thank you very much for the RT!
Had so much fun last night, thanks , , and for always being ready for craziness!!
Laying in bed & Drizzy pop in my head Damnn man where is the made man been I Miss him :) hope he can come back to Jax FL again
over the poles... if you'll pardon the expression.
Drinks tonight like lazy to go only. Been drinking alot back home. Come here I'm so lazy to already
Brrr it's cold out again, warm up with a hot shower! Call us about our tankless water heater specials 919-325-0180
You need to bring your game to the brah! We need you over here in !You and all day!
And after all the nonsense the GOP put Paul supporters through during primaries & caucuses, if you think we'll support Mittens you're wrong
Working on a diet/fitness story. And I've crazy hungry all day. Hm.
Jeremy Lin's story is an example that many bench players are good, & that they just don't get a chance to play much or at all. Let them play
Are you here on some expedition, or a casual trip?
Ur thinking about her in the shower aren't u lmao
So excited that you are making your ebooks downloadable to Kindles, iPads, etc. Way to go!
Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.
Insomnia sucks even worse when it gets under 3 hours before alarm goes off and you volunteer to take 20 extra min to drop off kid at sitters
I have more photos of him if you want...
You are valuable. Don't belittle His masterpiece. #truth #Psalm139:14
argh! You never notice me!:(<3
good luck with all your stuff too chyna doll! xoxo thanks for listening to my melt down today! i did email Helen. IT WAS ON!
Is this a Smokey Robinson hologram on DWTS?
Run, Dorothy, run!
another one reached out?
thanks! We'll be up in your area at the end of April with Vowel!
any games on Sunday that might interfer with mother's day brunch plans around 11am?
oh ok, I thought you were actually designing for the production company or you had before.
The expression, "There are no points for second place" is taking on a whole new meaning. Gotta hand it to Alabama D. Wow.
WANTED: someone to grocery shop for me. Can discuss pay. No joke. Please!
Marty in Bay City: We finally got into the town, but they're not letting most people in. Bayous have flooded most of the homes here.
We need to harness the power of automated DMs. I think they could light up a Dunkin' Donuts. Or a DD bathroom.
you looked very intellectual tonight with those glasses on :) #digginthelook #swag Follow me??
Whenever someone tries to talk to me about cars or guns I respond by saying, "No, you're gay!"
I understand that same boat
only patient people receive presents.
of course you're making gay jokes on a religious holiday. i bet you end up celebrating #hashwednesday instead.
Uhm. It gets really akward when your watching Dane Cook with your mom and he's talking about his penis and masturbating -_-
Can see the Citi lights from LGA. On the way over!
everybody at follow my new page
im completely ok with that. 👌
I need to create a second facebook account, just so I can say what I really think about people. And also to stalk people.
Listening to Pandora at work is being made difficult/embarrassing/annoying by the repeated commercials for No Strings Attached.
follow the page i use tryna delete this one
I hate recaps, because I generally have a good memory, so it's annoying to read plot points twice.
thank you and ur welcome you know I got luv for the West It DLMG ALL DAY for me but ill always help push other homies music
Those French fries were good. :)
Best part of writing for ? When chefs who don't speak a word of English recognize the name.
There is no excuse. The ping must die.
Austin looks like someone I used to know now that his hair is all puffy lol
Our outage was solved, and all systems are go.
I'm so tired but zumba was so fun all stressness is gone :)
Check out the Jake and Kyle Show @ 9 on www.wolfpackradio.com. Mike Flanagan (BPS NBA writer) will be on.
it's a little surreal. Ask me after I do one with another station.
OMG RT part of the night so far was when Kim Kardashian asked Eric Cantor what he did for a living -guess my question too
Too quick on the Read Later button. I need a Insta(paper)vention. Or a very long train trip.
already done honey
you're talking about me right?
looking for that next play
Residency = buy-in & having a vested interest in the outcome. Maybe reporters & editors should live here too?
RT its not suppose go like this jtfo (in my voice)
My tweet from your phone didn't go through -_-
imma get Thomas to tweet you
Laying in bed with the family
Bitches will never be ME ..
What a girl wants
Hey bloggers- do you have a marketing plan for your blog?
Live music tonight with at Starts at 6!!
A big welcome to associate editor Chris Cook!
with the happy face too?? i cant find him :((
It is beautiful; smoked meats, jammy, epically aromatic with a smooth finish. Beautiful. Is it a fave of yours?
“: Hey man, I had 2nd for the Hart!” Darth Sidious voice: "I find your lack of faith disturbing."
you need to have an active game to add players (rieu7)
RT "A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time." Oliver W. Holmes, Sr. [yes]
you did too!!
Men & women, young & old, struggling to find jobs in Obama economy...
My East Carolina classmate walks up to some country shit Chad Tracy still rules
A. J. Burnett gets paid $100 million to get throwing a baseball wrong half of the time for the entirety of his career thus far.
Thx! Great to see U & Con as well...We need a nite out!
OG Dream Team on the road. New Jerz here we come...
Ow clever... i don't know why on Eart i didn't use it if I wa susing it for Spanish well Thanks :]
omg i (a 7th grader 4 those who dont know) got in a fight yesterday with 8th grade guys >XD
O my god its so windy!!
i got it on lock.
lmao this tweet had me dying u guys r on some nasty shit
You would have to be SCUM of the earth to discriminate. To think that a #SEO News firm wouldn't #hire a man over 40 makes me sick!
But it works for me.... ;D
I guess Eagle Eye Cherry really was gone in the morning.
#FOLLOWBACK .. #COMMONSPACESAT EVERY WEEK... THE HOTTEST SPOT IN QUEENS... !!!
Only 8 days bfore our first fall live webinar
Much appreciation all around RT : Thanks for lunch @ #createbmore it was great as always.
I just saw that the closest you get to J-Ville will be in GA in July. I will look into that. Sending you nothing but love.
the voice doesnt come out until half an hour where i live )))):
omg that shoutout was awesome!!
I'm enjoying reading "This Is Your Brain On Music" by neuroscientist Daniel J. Levitin who I recently met at Sundance 2012 Film Festival
Congrats on Glee... that's a hot show. Hope we can work together again. So happy and proud of you!!
Lol nah, maybe I will to some chicago high schools! And I was on Nicolet's website.
Thanks<3 RT i'm just watching your videos on youtube!! good job,(Rebel Queens - Cherry Bomb Live) it´s just amazing!
long ago u guys snuck me into a concert at canes in mission beach! Maybe 12 yrs ago!!!Good times
Great Quote: "Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led." -Warren G. Bennis (via )
#iJustLoveItWhen I find 20 bucks in my jeans, from doing laundry.
what time do you normally post online full show? i thought it was around 9pm eastern same day?
Dreams I had <<<
Tornado issued for Sampson county!!! Lord when I prayed for rain, I didnt mean disaster! BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU PRAY FOR
That's ducking b.s.
Yes, because it's Obama who "launched" this war. Please.
Mr. Lundie made it sound like we're special lmao
im sorry :( I actually did knock on his door&call his name but he didnt answer so i was like fotget it :-\
The are still the better team. Hands down. One game isn't going to change that.
Looks I picked the right time to come. It's filling up.
Friday is a fantastic day to bang your head to BVB!!!
Thursdays = #archerfx = Happy Eli
morning nigga, (: text me.!
When I go to church I seriously want to chug all the wine.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌅
GM Cuzzo! I love you too! Have a wonderful day!
Follow for notes from the beginner Social Media Marketing webinar
Happy Monday! We hope you have a great week! Know what would make ours better? You stopping in to see us!
i think i sort of black out when i give a presentation. i dont even remember that hour going by, not at all.
:( i hope you find it!
Space shuttle sighting at JFK. Exciting!
#OKC got sloppy, #Lakers got lucky
The things that were are behind me....Thank you Lord. Behold, I love walking in being a NEW thing!
Is it Thursday yet?? I need this Syracuse Wisconsin game NOW!!!!
It's about highlighting your experiences! Talk up your strengths and how they can benefit the organization
10 years ago today we opened our Pearl Store. We're rewarding 10 customers every hour at 10am! Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
I thought Ted Nugent was already behind Romney.
Finally have some spare time to sit down and fix up the website/blog and re-post everything that was lost.
I am more than what you see.
the Heat are wack. Chris Bosh was the glue to that team. If they were smart id trade wade for an athletic 5 & a shooter
go mav's
I mean, I guess
workout before the league?
#FF love! Great health/wellness tweeps! Have a Great Day!
TONIGHT - Trivia & Comedy on us! Eat, drink, play trivia, & enjoy some of Portland's hottest local comics! call 888.643.8669 for tix!
lol yeah cuz i only got 15 credits left
I'm trying to get some work done, but its not happening because I've got a throbbing headache right now and the coffee is not helping.
sorry, we have only a fan page, so we can't add you on FB. I would if we could though!
Thanks, Twinnie! Judy is coming to Texas Dec 2-14, and we want to take you to lunch one day!!
": Wish I was with in Key west right now! I want to party! What is #teamcrazy doing? Take a shot for me! And me
Trying to think of how I can change for 2012. Got a few hrs left.
Kentucky kicking a$$ #MuppetMan Davis - XavierLT. com
Wow. That sounds like a wonderful evening. Do you own Wet Hot American Summer or is this a Netflix pick?
YUM love vindaloo and coconut vinegar is fantastic!!!!
just chillin with the man
Oh Yea of little faith... VIP tickets are still available. Get your buy on. RT : no more VIP Tix!!! NO!
#20ThingsAboutMe around people i don't really talk to im really quite , but with my best friends , i won't shut up .
Go to Recreations Outlet today at The Home & Garden Show!
Ain't about where you've been, it's where you are going. Just landed back in #NOLA and I'm ready to GO!
They always talking that bank shit but them niggas ain't getting no money
Great dancing last night Rob your a #BIG #ROLEMODEL to me for having the guts to do that. Hand claps for
Is anyone awake?!
too bad the Orioles are playing the Rockies in Baltimore this year.
trying to get those union guys back onboard
Getting my leave chit signed off,, ready to go home
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X36
I hope I'm not one of those "grown ups."
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Kristina Lynn, PR Agent | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
The only thing thats changed is my vewipoint on everything.
won the tournament . next stop , the championshipss on saturday .
Toms can take a seven to a man dime.
all woman here. I'm sure my reasons are different from the men lol. And thanks mama!!!
Had a few tasty Hennepin at PJ Clarkes this weekend. Kudos for amping up the lineup, PJ's!
Rep. Frank Hornstein has a great idea, but how realistic is it? Creating a pool amongst the most profitable corporations in MN.
in a 1 player keeper league, who do I keep, Vick or AP?
Chowing down on a bowl of oatmeal.
