Anybody catch 1st name of public speaker Gersten? thnkx in advance.
Our users are increasingly prototyping mobile websites with our tool. Maybe we should rebrand Webappinseconds :)
#ThingsThatILoveInLife When people treat each others as human beings and not trash!!!
it's stevie! just wanted to say 'hey' from NYC
I'll have to reset it for you. I'll send you an email from my computer later once that it done. Have fun tonight in #MKTG118!
Hmm, eggs on toast and fresh squeezed pomegranate juice.. I love breakfast :)
I don't joke around.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real, too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.' - Stephen King
my favorite day of the year.... LOL jk. :)
O. M. F. G. apparently must watch all games with my family. This is beautiful.
The toilet seat covers doubled as toilet paper AND paper towels!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
“: wrong way to Europe :((((” haha Nashville is the Europe of the south
At what seems to be nice restaurant in JFK and plastic knives! REALLY?
That awkward moment I thought I was having a deep convo with a stranger , and he lives 10 minutes from me .___. #StupidTwitter.. <3
"...and I'll set fire, to the rain..."-Adele
"It's one of those mysteries like how my clothes pick themselves up from the floor and fold themselves into my drawers"-Bart
Mom texts us updates as she reads The Corrections for the first time: "Whoa. The guy writes some long sentences!"
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Show the message to get in free
wait the other guy from Friday Night Lights is starring with Riggins in Battleship? So it's Friday Night Lights on a boat?
Second Anthro session called "The Dead Do Tell Tales"--all regarding cemeteries, tombs, etc. wishes she was here!
If anyone out there picked up Felicia Hom's driver's license, please send it back to me!! Pretty please. Or call me. Sigh.
Surrounded by hipsters at sxsw. Oh the stovepipes!
stop being so cute!
All things work together for good to those who love God. Romans 8:28
& I TIRED TO BE YOUR PICTURE PERFECT GIRL...BUT DATS JUS NOT ME....
thks for the follow!
Much needed wine and 30 Rock night with
War doesn't determine who's right, it determines who's left.
Detroit bad boys are even RESPECTED now for their toughness. Sports players and fans alike = SOFT nowadays. Suspend him, move on.
I LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON..Why did you leave us?:(((
That is always amazing. Dear student, I am not the grade fairy who magically gifts points, instead you *earn* them.
I hope I see the Family Matters Christmas special where Urkel drinks tons of egg nog before the end of Christmas
#IfWomenDidNotExist we would only have half a band
Thanks so much!
#fridayreads is Digital Mom Handbook!
Hair done, nails done... Everything done :)
Hey does anyone know how I can make papyrus my default font?
Incredible HULK or Incredible BULK? This IS Milwaukee, it could go either way...
Ms. Persistant with the Castleville requests :-). Ok, I give in.
Once again I got soaked by the rain on the way bck from lunch. Second time this year I've had to come bck and change clothes
My fitness goal for 2012 is:________?
I wonder who Charlie Rangel pissed off!!
oh, it comes on on Sundays?
Awesome! I knew there was a good reason I just bought a piece of pie :)
Thanks Dawn...Likewise. Im going to your IMDB now
Other than My Only One. That's so bad it's laughable.
TL not loading
stepped in gum three times this week with the same shoes. What does this mean?
Lucky you! Im jealous. Been trying to get them to come to #TwitterDC with no luck. Have a bite for me!
George Saunders has mentioned Tolstoy and Chekhov. Another writer at Key West Literary Seminar acknowledges the Russians
just on the show. They had to fit the performance in.
Typical night at #dingydisco pad: trees,pizza,chcknwyngz,juice,sewing machine,netflix,govrnmnt/health/alien conspiracies &
👍👍👍👍 RT : Confidence walks you right into the beehive
The replay shows that #ortiz was just trying to get his helmet back and swung his arm by accident
Just fully automated process of importing a provider update form from email in to Foxtrot, extracting data, and then loading data in Cactus.
Nope.. I've really only heard of it!
“: Lookin for the right way to do the wrong things” ~ !!!!!
don't let me get in my zone
off to just lay down & just watch TV and get text updates on from kiddo
LOL fo sho but he did his time now he workn i shouldve put him on cs bk then would b gettn a check now
Lindsey Logan's wore her crackdealer/pimp's backhand.
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
connect with me! Lol
Why am I just now hearing "Set fire to the rain" by Adele!?
Thanks to Raun of the Son-Rise Program for speaking at the '07 LI Autism Fair and inspiring so many!
Reading archived Twitter threads, will be hard, tho-- people don't always @ everyone or text gets lost in the RT.
I'm missing my effing photo shoot kmt
lol. I thought you were the oldest :)
I know!!! This game was insane!!! Great win
Sweating from a two mile jog...
Man, this twitter app is getting on my nerves...
Nature Center at Shaker Lakes has a Director of Education opening. Deadline is the 27th! Hop to it EMPers!
Firms are filled with unhappy people. It's not that they planned for mediocrity, they just didn't plan for success.
Waiting for Indian food!
Agree it was #mistake? Or that you never leave #j202? If former, why?
Why They Love Hurtin Me??
Another sunny day in Fort Worth. Hope everyone is livin life to it's fullest. Get outside and rodeo that world.
Hybrid is the way to go.
Take the deal, Tybo-son, take it. You'll make more in one year than you would on your own in ten.
You don't know what love is. You never did, and you never will.
what movie are you watching....????
SD Jones!
THANK U 2 everyone who cam 2 #GetAmbushed last night & TY 2 all who worked so hard 2 make it AWESOME!!
Yes! made their goal today! Congrats! Now, go see women making music & the great stuff they've planned for Denver!
Studio time again!
got more shots than an armory; more lean than a pharmacy.
yeah I don't think we can be friends anymore..
Hey — what was your winner’s name? I am not sure I ever sent anything. I can check postage log.
of course! XD
It was 200% the best comic movie i've ever seen RT : glad I blew your mind
ha. I can only imagine.
Thanks so much for helping us preserve #UnionTheatre last night at your show. Your performance was spell binding.
keep your chin uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppp
Go away good feelings -.-
We are poppin out to SXSW this year, who else is going?
sexy as usual!
haven't seen it yet, but another professor and I are planning a screening on campus.
fuck your pretty face
We Missed You! RT So sad I missed seeing you ladies last night! I hope you all had fun!
#AskKenzie how many boyfriends have you had?
you need sum lip tan lines on that!! I'll be more than happy to do it for you, shoot out your personal sun screen!!
You dont deserve to be treated this way! Don't listen to them! I think your a beautiful, strong women! Follow your dreams!
You and me, Gary. I'll fight you. I swear to God. You know I don't give a shit.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions. He had money as well. (Margaret Thatcher)
Everybody! Stay the fuck off your phones and spend some time with those you care about. Damn knuckleheads.
you could have asked, I'd wash it for you, with my tongue
ik you do
it's ridiculous!
new lace, new diggs, now to sleep. been a long ass day mutha fuka! ha ha ha... moved and then worked and then unpacked and then arranged.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. John Maxwell
I'm working on a brochure for my #Jterm course. What do students want to know about a potential course?
Looking for good note taking/research organization/writing software. Am considering scriviners, index card, zotero, or some combo. Thoughts?
I did it. I bought Minecraft... on Xbox 360.
Anatomy/physiology class 😒 let these 2 hours pass by fast
Is shootin a music video. Nice
Long night ... need more coffee!
charging my phone!
Both great features, especially being able to import from other platforms. Do you like #schoology over Bbd?
no words. no words to describe how perfect Spring Awakening is.
Leftovers from make for the best Sunday brunch.
no prob Kirsten!!
That is why I carry a Swiss Army Knife. Borrow at will.
(You still need to come see us.) ^-~
millers been huge for them but if he leaves, they'll need a backup pg
says Janet Jackson is rocking the pandora
a nigga aint got his head screwed on tight
I would never do that to Manu. But he knows better than to show up at a sold out game
Same here...not much happened, seeing it is a little too warm to do anything LOL So been staying by the open windows *S*
next person to buy a juice, mention this tweet gets a free pound of delicious coffee from Anodyne!
his butts do cute lol
So Your Brazilian ? o;
Sushi for lunch? I'm thinking Rainbow Roll, Fuse Roll, Big Eye Tuna Sashimi and Spicy Edamame!
Grad singing practice <<<<<
Baristas have to wear hats while making cappuccinos. Does the government regulate coffee shops more than Wall Street?
New recipes every day! #foodblog #hawaii #desserts #recipes #fun #love #family ideas #food #desserts #dinner ideas
Who's hustlin on the day before Christmas Eve? Whether you're grabbing gifts or wrapping things up at the office, we say: Happy Friday! :)
Who wants to join us in bowling?
get out while you can.
I DONT THINK IT WAS.
meanwhile you're on an iPhone with gps...
Snow globe soccer games with ⚽>>>
Some bitches be acting stupid ahaha
It's looking a little gloomy out there so come to Tunes @ Noon 12-1:30 today & help Rob Blackwell bust through the clouds!
i just seriously hate it when people say "MAINSTREAM MUSIC SUCKS!!" if it sucks so much why is it mainstream
Well if they weren't a pain to make I would make you some.
GREAT day in the studio w/Dennis Gruenling, Doug Deming, Tom Papadatos & Scot Hornick...looking forward to some more good music tomorrow!
do we have to? that is the real question
RT : Scholarship Reception is FRIDAY 6-8p.m. @ National U. Our special guest is ESPN's ! Tix at sdabj .org
: Hi Eva thanks for the follow - following you back!
is excited to start shooting the role of Mitsy Lyon in Alex Madegar's Tongue, a thesis film for Columbia U, directed by Moebius Simmons.
when we stand together <3
I really want to talk to you, but I always end up becoming so shy to speak first.
About to lay down in a minute; but wide awoke that's crazy
I Follow Friday'd the shiz out of your College Hockey News
Thanks! We appreciate it.
i do recall ... i'm with you—if you write something, and that take is off, why not admit it? no weakness in being wrong.
Whew... another 3 tracks down... #Dark recording live @
Oh! Good idea. WE have a room at Mem Union that night but there aren't enough for guests. Excellent!
omg Laugh out loud
Funny: at the end of the "why google+ is taking over FB" article there is a "share on FB" button!
Hey, you think because we're just a bunch of chicken heads there doesn't have to be some kind of order around here?
oh k. Yeah I heard through the grape vine... Ima hit u up tomorrow to catch up and talk. And k thanks! :*
voted - pretty invasive registration process....but....you want a wedding eh?
You suck
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time around. You are your network." Smart stuff
Aw I'm so sorry Angel was an amazing and beautiful dog us Mahomies are gonna miss her:( #RIPAngel </3
Yes! The amount of charge and the kW consumption are both important to watch. RT Shouldn't you watch the kW consumption...
Good! “: So I've gained about 25 pounds in the last few months...”
Great news for Arizona court reporters today!!! Congratulations!
I think I might watch Red Dawn tonight.
no, no, can we vote that whole family ONTO the island? preferrably one being used for nuclear testing...
I know!!
Thanks for stopping by last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
You think, i'm in shape. Until you mess your neck up drying off your hair. Lol!! Only me.
It's my fault for not researching a company before ordering, but do yourself a favor and never order from Pictures On Gold!
Thx. Checking it out now
MusicalStop.com Lowest Prices on the Net!!!
where are you picking up at? Burlesque?
What a speech by Pres. Obama in honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. at the dedication of the MLK monument #Historic!
Final Four Viewing Guide: Four Things to Watch
thanks for the follow!!
hm ok, fine by me. Dont need to see any bits.
Cracking The Code: Jews Should Lead The Battle Against Technological Illiteracy - Huffington Post
ik I'm so excited! It's on county line
Wife born on Xmas & all 4 boys born in January
Got soy Milk! Just picture a grown man sucking the teet of a cow to get the milk. Such is the consumption of dairy.
I'm tired af.
“You cannot achieve what you cannot conceive?” Thanks for sharing that,
Who the fuck wants to get married? Divorce rate in america is 50% #dummies .
SO CA we all?
Admit it, you've Googled your name some point in your life.
princetonboo2princeton boo Ray Ray, Roc Royal, Prodigy
Miami Heat Are Gonna Win It All! Big 3 Tear It Up!
I know but fan sounds better in the sentence.
You can go die. Like really.
Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll ever be again.
Yesterdy someone remrkd."wow, u knw, "PRIVACY" really is a damn good movie"...i smiled n said, indeed it is. yes.
dayumm on a friday night. well maybe we can go into the city tomm night or something fun!
Was just on Belmont and saw all the streetlights go out from Racine to Sheffield. Seems like places on S side of street are out too. #WTF?
let's have an inappropriate pants-off dance off.
People are upset bout Treyvon Martin,,,people are more crunk about him than Jesus,,,If he was Jesus alot of people would be save
Before you consider buying a new puppy, you want to consider these 3 things:
hahaha..good one!
Fuckkk the spurs!!
hate when plans get ruined..
F. KIDNEY STONES
Alaric's a vamp... Bonnie drop dead, so what's next!!!
Went to Subway for dinner...Papa John's deliveryman was in line right in front of me.
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you also read Runelords? They're creating that a production too. Vote for actors
awh I miss you too! And yeah, definitely something to be proud of.
The first step in problem setting/decision making is to set a goal.
Ladies, if a guy bares his soul and makes himself really vulnerable, does that make him more attractive or less attractive?
MY SWING LIKE A 1 MONTH OLD WHILE IM SLEEPING!!! LMAFO
Want a Marc Jacobs watch so bad!!
I really hope no one says calories
This old Law & Order on transracial adoption is like being in a time machine. TV FTW!
I AM SO PISSED THAT I CAN NOT WATCH THE METS GAME B/C FOX SPORTS HAS HIJACKED MY LIFE ON SATURDAYS
You're welcome, God bless!
trainers were evidently working on the right shoulder, not the left that has been popping out recently.
I really wish I could grade in Blackboard Learn on my iPad. *grumble*
Down these mean streets a man must go who is himself not mean who is neither tarnished nor afraid-definition of a hero_Raymound Chanaler.
Build your character and stop faking yourself out
beach and Tijuana Flats tomorrow with my momma ... typical wednesday ... ❤😊
Well that was a pretty heated forum. Stay tuned...
So I'm answering questions !
it was really great meeting you last night. You had so many great points re: brand perspective at
It might be mine
And it's laughter that they're making after all.
almost new year chloe i hope the best for you hope you stay safe and well i would cry if you get hurt i hope good of you
Doherty: Rosella, a satirical Minerva novel, mocks novels by the same author.
Delay is the antidote for anger. - Play Alganon
..don't be embarrassed.. your just dedicated!! :)
#failedvpcandidateTodayhostgigs Joe Lieberman on new looks for Spring.
Ive lost over 50 followers since the last time I've been on here..): shout out please?!
Happy 4th of July Everyone! Be safe.
HA! That happened to me on the crosstown bus
aren't y'all too cute!
awkward is the new awesome.
An Angry Bird in your hand is better than 2 Angry Birds in your bush.
i hate when people type, skewl, skool, schol, NO ITS FUCKING school.
was being followed by u before but still think ur awesome! Muah to u!
But can the Knicks do it again That's the question
Happy 21st birthday to
Drank all night and drinking again tonight...
is just....WOW
GUYS! Liam is in Florida.. I live in Chicago.. That's only a 3 hour plane ride! Ah
Good thing my hubby roots for #patriots otherwise this game would be very sad. Still like
I want to go to this party but no ride & no one to go with -_-
Oh yeah...I admire your ability to stay up for this, I know I wouldn't be able to do it!!
Hey thanks for the awesome write up on Jenfek you did!!!
Please follow me back ..? :) I love u and your tweets ! *fangirls*
#actorsloungelive In-q in the building
Welcome back to campus. Glad you can visit #UMBC on such a lovely day!
APNewsAlert: Son says former longtime SD Gov. and US Rep Bill Janklow dead at 72.
I didn't notice many. Lots of great kale and brussel sprouts though!
Blueprint Raises $15.9 Million in Growth Capital - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
I just unfollowed right back.
I cant take a short dude seriously
How can you be a tough leader without being hard hearted?
So SO True and A good thing may not come in the package that you want either..
Hehe good to hear! :) & I'm all good now I guess, still need to go on some kinda check up though :) ♥
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps! Make today count 4 u & someone else - a kind word cold make the difference in someone's world. Namaste.
:) intellectual appraisal. And some physical - is there a seperate lit. For mia's is what I'm?
Happy birthday bob marley
Let me know if you're coming out here this week!
just about 1200 words to catch up to where my spreadsheet says I should be for today. #amwriting til it hurts.
What time? Will tweet. ": TY both for this opportunity. Excited to be part of #coffeetime tonight!"
Felling like Tony Stark today b/c Pepper Potts (aka Gwyneth Paltrow) eats Taylor Gourmet hoagies! cc
That moment when all you're trying to do is help.. and it blows up in your face.. I feel
We're 50 fans away from 500 fans on our #fb page. We're giving away a $50 gift card when we get there. facebook.com/moestavernandgrill
That is awesome.
damn I just saw this.
Judging entries for a creative writing contest. If one more person writes a poem about crying in the rain I'm going to scream!
really, let me get the hook up! :)
Global warming will cause an estimated 50 cities around the coast of America to go underwater by 2050, scientists are predicting.
Happy Monday everybody! See you in the Pier Bar tonight for some Jacobs Brock and Brews band starting at 8:30! SMILE BIG!
It will be great to hear everyone again! :) RT : Conversations returns in 2 hours. Will you be there? edtechtalk.com/live
so happy we met tonight!
YEAH, I BE EVERYWHERE BRUH
I hope stays! Go #TeamDrew !
7 pm tonight, we'll have as well as the excellent , This Week In Sporting on w/ myself +
had in my hand then decided not to buy: Just One of the Guys dvd and "Once In A Lifetime" Talking Heads box set.
I try-from the most obscure corners at times (watching Witches of Eastwick right now). Jack Nicholson's a scream.
YES! When I placed my ticket on hold, the fare was over $300. I go to pay for it now & the price was under $300!
I need to sign up for a gym membership. Any ideas?
Indeed! Poor Little Ruth Bader-Ginsberg! I have so much regard for her, wont give up until she knows. She is courage under fire!
Personal training at Equinox and been getting ready for a CFL tryout next Sat.
I know lol need to sign him! Lol
leaving SF for Humboldt today! Can't wait to be back where the rain falls everyday and the air has a distinct skunk scent haha oh hippies...
Will's is great. Thx for the tip!
2ND WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 5..BENGALS/RAVENS..#TAKETHEOVER (42)..THIS IS NOT YOUR FATHER'S RAVEN TEAM..THESE GUYS SCORE, SO WILL BENGALS!
"A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." Henry Ward Beecher
Any chance we get to see sing and dance for #HodgmanOnCommunityNBC tonight? or was that just for Winger
One for All and All for One: I’m a #unionmember and
Kim and Kris are getting a divorce.. I don't know what's sadder, that they've been married for 72 days or that I'm so upset about it..
There were some big misses on the OL for sure
*insert hardcore breakdown here*
Category 10-b winner is WLS
aye at least she being honest. Lol
Mountain Goats features prominently in an episode or two of Moral Orel. No Children worked really well for the episode.
Do something about it
FINALLYY GOT ONE DIRECTIONS ALBUM LAST WEEKEND. Can't Stop listening to it!!!
I really need a car right now -.-
I don't understand how people can walk past the homeless as if they are invisible just because they are poor.
I really like him, he's got the best personality ever but I know she likes him. She had her chance its my turn.
People at the Salt Lake City airport call the president "The Obama" as in did you hear what "The Obama" said this morning?
As if burning the first bag of popcorn wasn't enough, chick just burnt another.
... No problem man. I'm sure you and your fellow Cowboy fans, will just get ready for game 2, and put game 1 behind you.
need to talk?
I'll check out the spo article
lol :) want to hang soon? Why didn't u come with nancy and rory the other weekend?
Hoodies? I wear that Arizona ? I drink that Skittles? I eat that Justice? I want that #R.I.P. T-Martin
i love U.S.A SIX ONLY
Got a new watch yesterday, yeyeaahhhh
that's nuts. Did you get there early enough for tickets?
Oh, Christian conservatives are endorsing "Jesus" as a write-in presidential candidate! I wonder who told Him to get into the race!
Hey! I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friends with him :D please reply :D
Cranberry and vodka
There's nothing better than an ice cold beer to get the night started! :)
You're welcome! I'll be looking out for more.
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear. Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
love it! Wish forkly was an Android app!
Just sent a letter to hoping they will do a story on us! RT and maybe they will! :)
Is that nerdy white boy wearing #33 for Kentucky just pulling an early April Fools Joke? Or is he actually on the team?
When we're in the office next, just run at me and we'll do the lift.
So, it is just a marketing scam I presume.
Yes yes. Let's shoot for next weekend.
I sign important documents with a pink pen
1 game fantasy football for everyone. Perfect to play for tonights game! Use "USA" for 10 credits! What will u play 4? www.playffnow.com
its a honor to have you "following" me. thanks. much appreciated and lookin forward to som #NFL chat w/ ya
SUCCESS, BIG MONEY, GREAT SUMMER. Stay tuned, possibly hiring soon, work from home, choose own hours, GREAT PAY and Benefits.
I can't wait to try the new #FoodTruck in town who will be at fEASTival! Blackbird Heritage has all organic cuisine. Don't miss this!
L, we created James Dockery's Twitter background. Would love to create one for you FREE. Follow & DM us if you are interested.
Agreed. Besides, u do it for the love, not to charge $10 a book. Profits come later. Right now's for drawing ppl into ur world
Remembering the true reason behind this.
Guys follow my friend she is really nice and so kind and beautiful she follows back
Get at the new band
great job again JT ;)
I'm the opposite. I'd love to see Mesoraco start more.
Good morning love! RT : You can say that again! #GoodMorning Amie! ??
S/o to , Such Amazing and Beautiful Talent! Nice to meet you last night. Let's Collab Soon.
Strawberry and white chocolate smoothies r amazing!
people whose tweeting about the snow, their tweets hit me in the heart and screams BURN BITCH ITS SNOWING :(
Because and would be so happy together! They just need to give each other a little time! You all will see!!!!
Not gonna complain about mordor weather in austin when it's 70 deg.,
find a mosquito in your life - any minor annoyance that saps your time or energy - and smack it out of existence TODAY
Avengers 3D was awesome!
*blonde moment* i dont get it lol
It's here.
Angel Romero's new video fabulous! best gtr video in history! so human! As I like 2 say Angel is not a star; He's a galaxy!
Thanks for stopping in for a burger!
two banner mail days in a row! Yesterday a gift card, today my member (!!) materials arrived.
ohh damn well i can always make more than one visit haha. but ya my orginal plan was like next week but idk. shits crazy right now
welcome to Twitter!
Let it rain, let it pour. ~
Country hick bar with my aunts wtf am I the only real city girl in my family? Wheredd these pple cme from
Ready to see him :)
Happy birthday!
Mom said "is it snowing?" I said "No it looks like fairy snow, not falling but lightly floating around."
if people saw how I dance around in my house when I'm alone, everyone would think I'm a freak
Kiss or hug you
thanks for the follow guys!
We are at the WTUL & Community Records Block Party all day. Come on out! Original rock bands of all sorts, crawfish, booze. 1638 Clio st.
Ladies before gentlemen
thanks for the tip!
Happy 4th July America!!!
This would get you more votes...
why is a student hitting on me via the internet. don't do that.
I seriously think the way you're dealing with hate is freaking LEGEND!! :D Follow me? ILY. xD
Laws are made to be broken
My baby is on stage right now N bcuz its an audience im estactic
super excited about Zelen joining your list! It's a terrific food wine, especially great with fish.
And good evening.
They say before you start a war, you better know what you’re fighting for.
lol...its been a hot minute homie. Merry Christmas
It really bugs me seeing a bunch of young kids wearing tye-dye and claiming they're hippies... Please tell me a Grateful Dead song...
Going to the waterpark for a refreshing day
how long does it take you to bike 24 miles?
lmfaoo should of recorded it
Hey Carlton! Thanks so much. How are you?
From what I heard, you shouldn't be bored, lots to talk about....
Just gonna get the out of my system now shut up Quint
Waiting for my name to be called at jury duty
yea... you guys aren't in the picture. lol
Free shots for those in Con-stumes tonight with
I'm so proud of the staff!
Blessings to you & yours enjoy your day!
Owiiiiieee my throat :(
I think I hear Ms. Polly calling me
haha So true!!! My last pair were super scary and antisocial lol
maybe he'll use the money to hire a lawyer and go back and sue for the rest,lol.
Flannel sheets are snuggly as shit
I'm never quite ready to go to bed; never quite ready to get out of bed. #nightowl?
natelasko is grateful to be able to spend the last day with my two beautiful and amazing daughters! love you princesses xoxo
☼ It has never been my object to record my dreams just to realize them. Man Ray
i don't see her swinging. No way would she share!
Homemade pasta + red wine + night at home = heaven
Just had a quick family reunion in my mentions lol
Thank you to our new Facebook likes and Twitter followers!
We hope you all have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
Just got back from my run to find out an earthquake hit ohio. I know I need to lose weight but I can only hope that I didn't shake the earth
ap exam tomorrow #didnot study one bit lol
Just finished Inglourious Basterds. Long overdue. What a great movie.
Hello, I am sending you an e-mail via your website. Thanks, Robert
i do that as well. Drives me crazy
started reading Liar, Liar by Gary Paulsen. What a riot! Hil-freaking-larious!
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
What I'm saying: "yeah that's fine." What I'm thinking: "fuck you."
is that a sucker or a jawbreaker? Looks like you might of lost a tooth with that bite.
Thanks to all of you for coming out for this important film!
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -- Alan Stein ()
you would! I'm not afraid of no ghost. and by ghost I mean policeman.
RT : Finally ;-) able to download iOS5. Curious about Newsstand but excited by universal / cordless sync. Goodbye PC
Aw.... "Querido Ali, You’re an inspiration to our Latino Networks Coalition (LNC). Thank you for your leadership & creative vision."
RT : you are most influential when you share from who you are not what you do
This is your friend Emily!!!!!! You have been hacked!!!!!!!
NEED TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN ASK HIM A QUESTION HOW DOES HE GET HIS SINGING VOICE SO GOO
Reading Lush Times makes me want every single bath bomb. Is it too late to add to my Xmas wish list?
Great conversation. What would you call it, media paleontology perhaps?
To be candid, Bible says civil govt is from God as a rewarder of good and punisher of evil. Does that trump Constitution?
I need money for that. Haven't found a job yet
so far it rocks
ADL deadlock as protection providers juggle other priorities Industry-wide move to own occupation looking unlikely in short-term
And I think he's gotten consistently better over the years. You'd be hard pressed to find a better gunner in the league.
love it!
When you truly care for someone their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind thats angry but the heart that still cares.
what's good big homie, when u coming back to nathans I got mo jokes for u
Thanks for the follow! There's nothing we love more than incurable news junkies.
Lol you're wanting to do a shout out for shout out? I have 978 followers if you wanna :p
sorry about that! Will reshare with fans
it sucks how i miss you and you don't give a shit :))))
but who's problem is it to be concerned with it: the organization or the Sisters. It can start at chapter level w/fellowship
that looks awful.
from MSG when you tweeted that, but not anymore haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
The Arena of the Impossible is were I dwell
My pride time sucks<<<< #dafuckiswithpeople!
Woman laughing alone with DVRd 30 ROCK.
Let the night commence
Was finally able to sneak in a couple hours of sleep/nap, now it's time to get back to work with 's new Club Life Vol. 2 Miami album
damn...those look good.
Truly great seeing you last night. Did I wreck everything in a moment of impulsive stupidity? Please accept my sincere apology
Does anyone ever say I want to be a trained monkey when I grow up?
Biggest changes in industry in the past year- impact of US-born Latinos
hey Jimmy! It's my birthday! :D
Am I able to bring my own unlocked phone, and qualify for $30 Monthly4G plan, specifically unlimited text & web + 100 min? Thanks.
gettin super RATTY tonight con
i need ur number. DM me it.
for the record they used to be partners. So don't get it twisted. People only tell u one side.
YAY!! RT : Just picked up a donation for from Thanks for your support!
First sound of my first name doesn't exist in English. Hard H, as in "L'chaim" (Hebrew).
We are luminous beings of energy and light, take a breath and feel the joy of that truth.
I wonder if you'll ever find your dreams
Is social media really your problem?Discuss the impact of social media on your role as gatekeeper for your org! Apr 26 at 9am Call 344-3933.
Diseases can still be contracted from dried blood and body fluids. Let us take over the cleanup and disinfection. Insurance accepted.
Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills(Yay happy pills!)
what's your recommendation for software to throw a Timelapse into? I dislike Final Cuts handling of Timelapse material
Who are you going with to win the #NCAA Championship game?!
this one time at Nini camp...
Hey Nick! I am SO sorry to hear that you are out for season. Get well soon champ! MUCH love and respect.
i like him. he's cool!
& are in Denver @ #JCHEM conference enjoying inspiring convos w/colleagues from & across the world!
Second game of the season and I'm so tense. Lets go Boston, finish the comeback
rabbit shit ftw.....
Got your email! I'll get back to you soon - just been so busy. Thanks :-)
Nap on the couch
Is riding the bus the most time, money & environmentally efficient way to deal with social media there is?
dude? Were not even talking to each other? #GetWithIt and get outta my life? Seriously if kayden has a prob. Let HIM deal..
How about a sweet deal on Bedrooms! 7 pc Bedroom Groups @ Buddys for 24.99/wk. Now That's a Deal! :)
This is in response to which tweet?
it was so great to meet you too, and ditto! does not lie - you are fabulous!
Have you or a friend been arrested for DUI? Call us now for a free consultation regarding your rights ~ 619.338.9500
This past Sunday matinee - Peters, Stritch, the cast and production were all dazzling. Well worth it
was amazing of course! cc
"If my heart had an ass, I'd kick it for loving you." - Country song lyric of the day!
Swashbuckling and nimble, like Errol F-Lin!
This means it's time for bed!! RT BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG
Why do teachers assume the Mom always packs lunches, snacks, treats, etc.? Sub told me to thank my wife for the good snack.
Finish them!! Come on fellas... Bring the ship to the D!
The just dropped us off at Lake Wanaka and I have never see water so blue!
Thanks karma
Hello my favorite Irish, next to Michael Fassbender that is :)
Nice to meet you, too!
Adults bullying teens on fb? Really?? Proud of Lexi for knowing exactly who she is. She has the power to let it all go!
Although our downtown location is closed tomorrow, the UW window will be open and ready to grant yr waffle wishes!
#WhenIThinkAboutOOMF I can't help but smile☺
#2012NBAPlayoffs D-Rose is out for the Bulls the rest of the way, paving the way for Heat against the Spurs in the #NBAFinals .... Go Spurs!
All in!! Big blue baby.
Lance fucking Bass tweeted me.
inspired by YOU!
tomorrow i am #working 4.25 hours. that's actually a long #shift for a college student on this campus
Thanks for following me(:
I accidentally packed your extensions with my extensions in my extensions pouch. So SORRY.
yup! I'm in education for now until I can try something in engineering, which is what I studied in school.
Always a legion of blessing hanging with the passion this dude has for making Jesus famous.
Sat and watched the rain listening to icky mettle. Totally relaxed.
COME ON HOOSIERS!
haha! And you'll never guess where I am applying for a job. I'll give you a hint: you graduated from....
I was just going to ask about that! No sweat.
Apparently my follow limit is 2,001. If you follow me and I don't follow back right away, it's Twitter's fault. Sorry.
#ghettoadvice my friend keeps asking me if her and he crush are cute together should i tell the truth or not
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron ant Davis eyebrow
Got any idea for Brunch ? Join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square. Music starts at noon.
Incidentally, I say this as admirer of yr work. And "Is there another convention for the gen. public?" is a real, not rhetorical Q
Sentences are no longer making sense. Time to take a break from writing.
The Wrath of Khan in my pants
thx 4 posting! FYI that tweet cant b seen by all yr followers,unless they follow us, u'd have 2 put "." or "-" in the beginning
We have our interns in the office today!
Man wat to do go to church or stay home
Going to #ASA this weekend? Come say hi!
I'm such a slow eater!
"It's not just the challenge, it's the risk" talking revolutionary #artist -
This weather's about to separate the wheat bicyclists from the chaff bicyclists.
yea that's the finals everyone would want to see.
RT : The 2012 DoDIIS Worldwide Conference is underway! Follow on Twitter and #DoDIIS12, and on Facebook at...
GoodMorning to all my Broz-N-Hoez out there let's all have a great day today...more pics to come
should text me and save me from boredom at the DMV
these kids out here cant wait to be grown. enjoy this time while you have it because once you truly are grown there is no turning back.
Stay Classy NOT Trashy
Accuscore has the #Spurs beating the Mavs tonight 98-96. Let's see if the boys ball tonight or not. Big Game
Just got back from a marketing seminar sponsored by #WHAM13 - it was quite informative.
I want a cute girl that likes me for me. And likes to do all the boring things I like to do.
Last, which is why they ran out of time. Traveler right before them (w/Popper wheeled out on stage post-accident), after Panic .
Who cares!
The school I originally attended is going to the NAIA world series. Figures
drowning sorrows or celebrating w/UK?
OH:" I got into a bar fight at Kellys Irish Times, I won't start one, but I won't back down if someone else does... OK, I instigated it."
I love she's beautiful
yes indeed :-)
yup... at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt... off to the left :)
yard trimmed and dog washed...where's my ice cream?!
Clearly. Didn't you know the entire web shuts down at 6 PM Pacific? /
Win a bottle of Riesling! Follow and stay tuned #TNI :)
i hope the suns end the season on a good note :-)
When you think about it, the NBA all-star game is really just a pick-up game. Amazing that people pay for overpriced tickets to watch.
you are welcome! rocked it today! Can't wait for tonight!
"Fuck you, bro. Pick up your own feet. Better yet, since this is the 21st century, how about you buy a car?" - the jingle horse
If he cheat it wasn't meant to be!
Stop living in regret baby, it ain't over yet.
RT : Attn taxpayers:In 16 mths, the O admin has increased the debt23%&unemployment2almost10%>stop feeding this beast!
Sports is so FICKLE.... Today on the radio: Miami needs to make a trade!
Secret Life of an American Teenager <3
he does :) and he goes on airplane mood. Too bad he doesn't fly..
We have the news here. 11:45 ET for the game. My estimation has the game ending sometime next November.
walk to the front pls
I like to fasten up things 😏
like this page frndzzzz
THIS STORE IN VEGAS
so happy to have had the opportunity to go through the callback process with you! Thanks for having me in!
"please dont leave me..kill me..but instead you lef me with a broken heart i cant bear to have.." :'(
People who fight on facebook and post eachother's pics so others can diss them seriously need help..ohh and some heavy meds!
“: see u Friday at the concert man” yaa.. this show is gonna be off the hook
Mastering the final version of Sasha-cut me down remix. Stay tuned! Also, finished yesterday rough draft of kaskade raining remix.
I prefer "men of the [gb]ay area".
It's a grassroots campaign!
But things just get so crazy. Living life gets hard to do
Tried gaming with but mothers these days are impossible
Thx! Great case study!
I'm surprised they aren't trying to tax tobacco further for revenue. Gov't seems to dislike smokers as it is.
Incredible Talent you are Rachel.My biggest congratz! my neighbor friend was #Ruby, music director and i laughed tears at 2nd
I know right. If Elise Testone is eliminated before her, I'll probably stop watching. I watch it for Elise.
Man you aint never lied. I def miss those days.
I think the blond is going to be going tomorrow night
LAMs and fair use in digitizing orphans. Consider first the "nature" of the work. Factual/creative? published? available?
I might be with yo hoe call her sloppy no hands
Yeah, so, I'm up. I demand coffee
I've been happy with the episode so far.
I know people who have them... about three I think but they're not really my friends or anything haha (antisocial butterfly)
talking about #cyberspace, history of the internet, online identities, technolibertarianism, Barlow, Rheingold, Turkle today in
Happy that you are following me? Yes. Thanks.
Creating the box and then designing beyond it.
#SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO BE ON ITUNES ALREADY!
#whosgonnalose - NFL Playoffs - Green Bay at Arizona - Green Bay will lose (3-2 fsr vote)
You just summed up my work week.
I don`t know how i`m getting to bamboozle, or what i`m wearing, but i do know i`m going on sunday for &
No luck needed, I didn't have to work today so had nothing but time. :)
Which Grammy Nominees Have the Most Social Buzz [STATS]
Think 1000 Yrs. Envision the kind of future we want and work towards it. We don't have to sacrifice our children’s future to meet our needs.
HA!Love the apple fritter! ;)
No I figured you n yo bf was pose to be kickn it neway. I didn't wanna just cum mess y'all day up
I'm going to use this on my quest to stop smoking.
thanks for the follow, linda!
i want a hedgehog so bad :c they are so cute!!
Oh and by the way, YOU'RE WELCOME FOR ME BEING SO FUCKING NICE. Way to take advantage of.
We are 6 LIKES Away from 900! WHO HOOOOO!!!
Follow Please? I Want Her To Have An Early Birthday Gift(: she Loves You Alot
Caesar loved a good cab, too
Lingerie Football League on TV? My Sunday is MADE!
RT : Q for What do ppl want to know about FB and GM
These guys could learn a lot from Turkish filmmakers.
is exercising her brain.
My dad left me at walter c young, guess Im going to practice..
man what's good nigga u Mia now
#Elf at The #Strand Theatre in #Shelbyville Indiana starts at noon! Another showing at 6:30 pm!
this is awesome
Anybody using the footprint app on Droid? Ideas & thoughts?
today was supposed to be the day where my stepdad leaves to go to his brother house well i guess that plan is fucked up
Way to go guys, you would think you would have more. Any Great showing!!
If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know, I'll think of you every step of the way.
"World Peace Thrown Out of NBA Game for Decking Player." Ever think the world should end on Dec 21?
So much whiskey, so little time. But Palm Bay crabcakes make the day seem oh so much brighter. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St.
: "i have a bagillion step siblings...I'm essentially Cinderella." oh you are??
The Perfect Moment Goes Perfectly Viral - New Yorker (blog)
idk how to reply from my fone on crosswalk, but yes I'm at FNO
sweet! Thanks, Ken!
U ain't never gon find that type lol
Love the evening twittersphere. Thanks and for keeping it interesting!
RT : healthcare concerns continue to be the #1 barrier that i hear block entrepreneurs. more than $$$, more than ideas, more than ...
Omar Daniel's piece for our Composer Alive: Toronto project well be a series of shortish vignettes. A first for the composer alive project.
funny how they never let Lydia give her opinion? hm I guess if she wasn't on, none of us would even watch
u r AWESOMME! yesterday was AMAZING
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance? I kept my butt at home today
#NowWatching Perfect Husband: The Laci Peterson Story
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
i put on pandora and falsetto by the dream came on lmao remember when you loved him
Happy National Volunteer Week! THANK YOU to all volunteers who help make The Messages Project possible.
kinda sorta not really :)
Monsoon storms here in AZ nice for a change.
I feel that way about hospitals!!
What's everyone up to tonight? Follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Dennis Miller @ Celebrity Theater tonight was great! Off to Scottsdale, me thinks.
Super fun show with- The Great Fox, Shoreline Drive and The Mid-Summer Classic! Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Follow Me Please !! (= It Would Mean Alot !(:
you? I'm in room Number 1 barely packed. Heartbroken that Anjalique left and didnt say goodbye! :-(
How am I not acing this class? These kids are retarded.
Back at work. Missing the awesome conversations of #thatcamp #lac We'll always have twitter, I suppose.
Tryin to change my ways cause I know they aint right nd it make me look dumb but its soo hard...just gotta continue to pray about it !
THATS COOL. WHAT ONE?
No doubt man!
My cat just stepped on my ass crack! AWKWARD!! O.o
“: :) you can see our new offices! I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day.” sorry i didnt make it.. Mon?
Finally got through the first season of 24. Again. This show was amazing. Naturally I'm starting season 2 right mow
Just read a draft that finished with -30- Awesome? Yep.
Whats on your Christmas list this year Tweeps? We're thinking about giving out a few presents of our own to some followers!
#ifyouweremine i would tell everyone that you are the only one that i could ever want
that's cuz those stupid cookout ppl messed up our orders!! They cheated us out of food!! >:0
is just that much better than harry potter!!!!!!
Thank you . I just visited Brendon's site and he is amazing. We are both very blessed.
Thing is, the difference between T-Rich and other RBs is quite big. Top 5 WRs/3 CBs have few differences between them.
Yay boo follow me
I'm due to meet up with and the Kenya crew, so I'll be just heading to the hotel restaurant.
thanks for the follow. Loved your LA Affairs column.
It's a good thing I learned early on how to compartmentalize my feelings, because I should be on the verge of absolute panic right now.
they have hashtags that change on screen throughout the show. Hope u are doing well!
Good morning Boston twitter Fans! How is everyone doing today?
Hey British followers! Just wondering, what are your images of American girls? Be honest, just curious :)
LOL preparing for the worst.. aka falling asleep
please send good luck wishes to our #salyardsbengals on their STAAR tests next week!
I have a major case of the "I don't wanna go home"s
yeah!!! Lol u see that huh??? Making moves!!!
Looks good! What is it?!
Thank You. I hope your weekend goes great as well.
If you only knew... HA! RT sure looks like oodles of character & personality :) (not #sarcasm, #serious)
Which one is it? Cool locale?
Let's make that one of many to come. Displaced Brooklynites are hard to come by:-)
#alwaysajonasfan for suree! I hope so and yeaa hah I'll take a picture and caption it that (; lol
I wish I was a mind reader, so I could find out how you truly feel about me.
Ruadhan Ward at 11 and Mark Waldoch at noon today at the market!
Dementia may be linked to stress
Why is my neighbor mowing his lawn at 9 p.m.? Yes, it's light out, but it's not as if it was hot earlier today.
confession: I've been stalking the studio pics on + 's instagrams and it looks AMAZING
I LUV your version!!!!
Supposedly 6k newspaper jobs cut in 2009. What, 3,500 new Patch and Groupon jobs? Plus a couple indie news sites here and there. Good trade?
Call me #AlumniCoan !!!
Yes. Some just don't care. But some do! A lot do actually!
I'm scared to put the time in.
Thank you for RTs & mentions!
If Metta World Peace played on my team, I would die of stress. SO many ups and downs.
Dawn Saunders, owner of ABQ School of Massage in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Shout out ... BEmagazine is more than a magazine...its a tool used to exude confidence to oneanother...so wats your "BE" today
RT : Great design is key to clear thinking and communications
Apparently, water slides are quite a workout for a woman my age. My muscles are complaining today. :)
The horsedog is in the horsedog hospital so and I will be by tomorrow for a dog fix of a different kind!
Go'bama I don't care how late it is, you said equal rights, I like it.
Tomorrow is my birthday! No real estate work...just relaxing with great friends!
Late #lunchbreak? Our burritos are just the cure for that
Happy Birthday to the cutest button ever I love you :-*
Should have stayed in bed.
paddy's pub is a real place in Philadelphia and it's sunny!
to experience acting. It's not about being taught how to do it, it's to experience it to see if it's really for you.
Me an mom r goin out to eat! Cant wait cuz im HUNGRY!
On a date with my boyfriend,
ull be ok. Wanna chat about it? Txt?lol
email is kind of an ethical bribe
happy year darling! I'm so thankful of for introducing me to the best thing since sliced bread
I recall some indie friends saying they admired (among other strategies) when someone obeyed a Vatican silencing. That it cd speak volumes.
Don't forget to stop in tonight! We're open from 5-7pm for all home games!
Writing on #masculinity within social systems.
Bill! Don't you worry I went to the cages yesterday I'll be ready. I'm due for a bomb.
just bought my for my first 3-day cleanse!
of course im ready and so is vero! Get here! When do you arrive?
I Ask Myself The Same Question .
tell then we need diff paid mods. Im srs fed up!!!!
Where r u RT : I'm good & you
saw the largest collection of Rodin outside of Paris, along with Monet, Manet, Picasso, some F-ing insane furniture with exquisite inlays.
If I want to teach a small section (30 pgs) of Fred. Douglass' biography in a US history survey course, which part? Got any recs ?
yeah -- awkward tanlines -- I wear my BMF while playing softball or walking outside in the sun for Vitamin D
I exist and I love you.
ah ha sorry about that ... old tweet. I will have a demo here next week. Give me a week will followup then.
I need to stop thinking about Bali and start studying for my engineering classes. Finals are coming up. Oh the joy. Lol.
i take tha back i dnt noe who is in the house ;/
hahaha that's an Arab dummy
those followers who are strangers yeah lol
On Tv
I hate itchy bras.
lol ok u got it :)
i am shocked to say whoever this girl is she got Dennis the Menace sprung bahahaha /////
The line up, tonight Crown Club, tomorrow Daytime Drais Pool Party (FEMALES ONLY NO EXCEPTIONS), tomorrow night PLAYHOUSE VMA AFTERPARTY!!
I don't think that's weird at all =) I wish I could take my favorite professors that may times
Success is a team sport. Every team member has strengths that compensate for the lack in others. The effect is an exponential power increase
haha of course best part
Well that settles it; im gonna make these wrongs rights.
I wonder if you smile at my texts like i smile at yours.
#kony absouletly failed, so what's next???
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 51
if they still decide to give back are they considering an "alumnus" then?
is my dude! See you this summer homeboi
I fell last night... Bashed my head on a cement bench. Lmfao my head is hurting SO bad.
Cinco de mimosa
Social media is a way to make old, but still relevant, content new
lol not at all its the batters fault he couldn't hit the ball fair
thanks for joining us with your mom! Hope you had a great time!
RT : "Be ignited, or be gone." - poet Mary Oliver, as recited by Marquette students. #BeTheDifference #muprez via :
Funny... People who dont have a twitter and then just make one think this is the hardest thing in the world to use Haha
The information in a book is not just textual but infused with memory - Richard Minsky, paraphrased
Great!!! Glad to hear that.
Im shocked..Whitney houston gone..
(c) that gives you no fucken right to sit there and talk shit. why cant you stfu and just support Justin?! Damn I swear ppl are fucken dumb.
i don't know what that means, brother. but you know what i do know? the conservative government can't be trusted with money!
MY way or the highway BETCH!
I Just Wanna Be Successful....#AtWhatEverIDo!!
its funny seeing pretty chicks with bum ass boyfriends lmao
For you older people, Darryl Sutter reminds me of Chef Barth from You Cant Do That on Television.
Haven't done it but first thing I'd try would be coconut milk.
hahah wait are they really a thing now or
The night club 2 be @ this Wednesday only
Avery is better than Jordan, what is Tommy talking about.
Most music becomes the background noise of a generation. Rare is the artist who defines it. RIP Levon Helm.
you're welcome, capîtan.
Don't Lie To Someone Who Trusts You, Don't Trust Someone Who Lies To You.
your vote for best band to see at #ACL today?
Cops and crazy homeless lady at Copper state, I barely missed it all go down . . . . FML
favorite book? facebook. (;
RIP Dick Clark: Madonna, Janet Jackson,Quincy Jones, Katie Couric &amp; More ... - E! Online
Wishing u a Great Tuesday to u all Stay
heard it on the radio sitting in Lincoln Tunnel traffic I want to murder frank now
Headed to possibly the douchiest bar in Chicago for free drinks. Life's about trade-offs.
lol priceless! Nice meeting ya last night!
you ok?
that's awful funny because I heard the EXACT same thing about Ryan Adams!
zombie survival tip # 601 - during a zombie apocalypse, try to use hiking boots or combat boots instead of regular sneakers
Finding outright giddy enjoyment in the bizarre, eclectic mix of things that play with every track from a CD collection on random shuffle.
I'm planning on doing a weekly t-shirt give away, click the like button if you think that would be cool.
#newplay Yes, the notion of 'turg is old. Yale class as a marker for a notion of "professional" field with standardized practices.
Thanks, Megan! I'm excited about it...
Thanks so much for sharing the measurement series !
I dont like today! But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
The Humane Society of Bay County will be at First Friday Fest tonight. Come check out the pets looking for forever homes.
nice :) Jbr is cool man on earth sweet and down to earth
#NBAplayoffs east predictions Boston vs philly - #Celtics in 6
Has anyone told you lately how awesome you are!!?? ;-)
#fail RT Well placed GOP source tells me House R's will take payroll standoff down 2 wire¬ consider an endgame till next week
That strawberry kellog's bar was so damn good
Yung fly guy no parachute... # I'm narley dude
Great speech @ #PENFest12 tonite! "Art is stronger than censorship, but artists are vulnerable"
oh yea i think you meant ass BANGING, i do that a lot, girls like it rough what can i say. :D
I am teaching myself how to cook Ethiopian since I miss Cafe Colluci so much...tonight mitten shouro and Atakilt wat...yum!
well your right. but just a tip...change your name
Just so you knows, the Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep Alarm Clock (RCOYWYSAC *patent pending*) is also available in other models.
Ohh, okay.. I see. ;D lol, I'll do that.
happy b-day to good peeps and
yoga does take time but the effects are longer lasting as opposed to crash diets etc
inquisitive - you have been warned. Thats great b'cuz "Inqiring Minds want to KNOW" Nice to meet'chu! I'm GordonBlu.
TY, Rima. I only know Russian (and very rusty) but have been told by Poles that Herbert's Eng trans are spot on
Do u think about me
Why are haven't you gone to bed????RT : Why am I in such a good mood? .......
Just read the "Ladies of the Leaf: Part I" feature in Can't wait for Part II.
So what would be the rating of the "Martina McBride" Ride?
Alex I <3333333333333333333 not much more to say
Watching 7News Now right now. I think they deserved that Emmy.
I'm wide awake.
Working on a collaborative cover with another artist. Oh Darling by Should be cool!
RT : Having eye contact for more than 7 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder.
shouldn't it be Clinton813/757 haha! Hope you are well. Be sure to also chk out !
Paris adds another and leads 6-3 going to the bottom of the 7th
not if wins...
n Dort are tossing bags, should be interesting!!
I'm still having trouble understanding why every single sandwich in this town ISN'T made with Vietnamese bread.
LUCKY!!! Lol haha but I love the wind here I love the cold not the sunny days :)
You would be hahaha
Senator Boxer presses NRC on issues at Calif nuke plant BusinessWeek Issue is whether operator Southern CA Edison sidestepped any federal
hey... i just saw papi jump and downloaded it cuz i had it on my old ipod touch. i'm not actually gonna BUY anything.
“: I'm Sammy and I think you and should get married.” I'm Loren... And I agree ((;
I don't give a fuck about anyone not liking me, just don't smile in my face when you see me ❕
 RT : if you on twitter on your avi is edited with words and shit.. here take this rope.. do us a favor.
the pastor is in love???
It's Always basketball season! “: John Calipari is trending and its not basketball season #WeAreUk #BBN”
um barneyss always been naked?
HAPPY HOUR FROM TUE - FRI ALL BEERS AND COCKTAILS $ 1 OFF FROM 4 TO 7 PM!
can you go out Saturday?
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
"But that's not an excuse to tell the vast majority of responsible, hard working Americans--you're on your own. " President Barack Obama
- Thank you, sweetheart. You're doing well too, I trust...
This burger and cheese curds taste so delicious right now
are you at the furrie bar?
oh yea? This dumb ass lady almost hit me switching lanes when I was right next to her!
Use the "next" button under the image to scroll through the piece. It was a blast to catch up with so many old friends.
Roommate and I were in fits.
Humid? It's a beautiful 65 degrees today!
Going to White House to meet Mr Next Week i can't wait :) *giggles*
Why is she even making us do work!!?
Crusty. "No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens." ~Abraham Lincoln
Ironic: I am currently deeply into my 2nd consecutive all nighter
Bone-saw is ready!
thanks for the awesome signature ! You guys where amazing!
i head to the barn, breathe in the horses, and lose myself on a long ride...
Very nice photos -- tight body, muscular, but not freaky.
you're the best :)
Lol I'm kidding with you. What are you up to sir?
Great Twitter handle for you!
« A bitch or nigga that smokes cigarettes cant be no friend of mines»
congrats to the Philedelphia Inquirer on the Pulitzer! Sweet!
I wish everyone in my class read The Maze Runner book and that would be so cool! Everyone would just be calling each other shanks..
Hello Monday & Good Morning! I LOVE YOU!
that's nice of you! <3
I imagine the announcer from NBA jam
Golf Tips Forum Is Active At Golfers Advice Ltd. Golf tips forum is active at Golfers advice Ltd. There is already activity appearing on
*Patting myself on the back for recommending him way back when*. LOL He is definitely fun to work with.
oh I did. It was epic. I'd give it a 9. Almost impossible to get much better than that, right? 9ski!!!
Thanks for the #sxsw Accelerator Props !!
A few residents petitioned 4 a WF on the Westbank in New Orleans to no avail back in '08. Told not profitable.
Glad to hear you're doing well. I know you're working hard and it will be worth it. Have fun up in NYC - that's where I'm from
I wanna make egg rolls
Yes, ma'am! I've got my hit list for the weekend. How about you?
Cheryl has the most expressive face. Wonderful!
...with lemonade!
Sleep school work repeat. Forever.
Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
"Don't let the sun set without taking some strides down the road to your goal." - Thomas D. Willhite
haha thanks :) hope yours went well!
Good luck mate, hope it works out for you, peace
Thank you!
lol I have another reason.. so text me lmao
Camping this weekend! ⛺
Okay, so twitter poll: How many grew up hearing, reading and learning "abstract lesson" instead of "object lesson?" (I did BTW)
I have silver hand grenades ready RT: Very excited for tonight's super moon. Not looking forward to the mega-werewolves.
This nikkah right here <<< birthday tomrw!!
Congrats to on the recent funding and new Reward product announcement. and team are great. Got my pom-poms on!
Thanks for including me in your 10,000 tweet!
Thanks! That's awesome. Proud to be a CSU Ram baby!
Thanks for the RT
It's not summer till you see lightning bugs. I just saw lightning bugs.
#HappyBithdayIsThisIt. Can't believe it's been 10 years.... I guess its true. Life DOES Go On.
Where have you been for the last 12 years then?
“: tell Sister Fitness I wish I lived closer! I loved them!”
Haters gotta hate, eh?
Glad to be back at Product Design Guild SF. Seeing familiar faces is always nice. New faces too.
. Here is one question of ten possible for FALLEN ANGELS: "Who is the author of the book?"
That's awesome! Care to share some advice/encouragement to others trying to make the jump?
SOME valid points, but I disagree with the "over break so students can go" idea
Should be a gohst writer for rappers in need lol yo tweets be better den most niggas songs lmao
Wow! Three freshmen boys got letters
Thanks for sharing =)
There's a place up ahead and I'm goin' just as fast as my feet can fly Come away, come away if you're goin', leave the sinkin' ship behind
Whenever I describe software, I find myself constantly reaching for the phrase "makes it possible to ..." That, really, sums up programming.
aghhh, silly me thinking you'd forget. Fine. I've definitely got plenty of dilemma to share.
I've heard that if u want time to pass you just wait. ;)
Hey, look at that, 1000 tweets. I wish there was a quick + easy way to look at my old ones.
Best practices for e-connectivity
We know it's #Fridaythe13th which is supposed to be bad luck but at least it's FRIDAY!
Day two of Houdini donkey escaping from the pasture to "greener" pastures aka the yard and my garden.
Who the hell is on the phone with?
Got a lot of writing/graphing to do this weekend. Testing #iPad armed with iWork Suite as a viable laptop replacement.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty
Time to relax another night of pressure washing, cleaning up Las Vegas complete.
what's a desperate housewife?
....so far its an epic fail lol
My a$$ is freaken freezing
RT : To fund student loans, GOP would cut women's health care. And women will get no coverage for the insult added to injury.
The Jimmer (BYU) tore up SDSU again despite good defense. Has to be one of top Player of Year candidates.
Hope so
Don't let money make you
awsome pix I saved it ty
He posted up a dick collage and tagged it under nature..lmfao..now hes banded i think.
I haven't brushed my teeth in like...9 hours and my mouth feels absolutely disgusting.
fuck u and where u came frum
Im upset with how people are treated. It disgusts me how cruel some people can be. If anybody needs to talk to or just a friend im here.
We could definitely build one in Vegas!
Post uplifting quotes on Facebook to encourage friends to stick to diet and exercise.
I feel so close to you right now#it's a force field^_^
Funny how 4 customer services reps hung up the phone whenever I asked their i.d. number. How do these pple get away w/ this?!
i wouldnt say wasted... we both got what we wanted ;)
Mirrors can't talk. And lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
Sasha is back! #eeeep!
which did you end up buying? Just got a new one myself and was curious since you never got a chance to say on the show.
Exhausted from an 8 and 6 year old... what fun!
I'm usually vocal but when I'm too quiet, that means watch out! Lbvs I'm on somethin'
boo america. i hate you. all wrong.
At the same time as studios are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Thanks for following my tweets. Looking forward to following yours too! Blessings!
what up
I wish i can see it but...my mom wont let me and i know is a great movie cuzz i saw the trailer :)
Ooh! Even better!
It may be all right to be content with what you have; never with what you are. ─ B. C. Forbes
Why Do People Tell Me To Text Them, You Got A Phone Text Me, Smh . <<<<
Okay , how much is it going to cost us to get a tweeted tweet editor?
i wanna add you but I'm scared.... D:
It's hot here in Miami!!!
ha you must live in the hood. Lol
Is there a list anywhere of who's saying no? (And who's saying yes?)
was that a time zone joke, or an economics joke?
: Congrats to our client for being selected as an IMPACT Award Finalist!
I forgot to note that I am no longer on the roller coaster. I finished riding on it yesterday, several minutes after I got on.
"Music for Love" - Mario
Inspiring people left and right RT " Guess who wants to go to Thailand now? #thisgirl #loveyou"
I'm stretched out in a quiet house. Awesome/Uncomfortable
I know! Terrible timing :( We can buy all of KC's scooby snackes to make up for it!
Gotta go to the grocery store and then go to Lowes to get more mulch for the garden. I remember when my weekends actually used to be fun...
It's birthday today!! Can you send her some HUMP day and BDAY love?? Double whammy! Happy HUMP BIRTHDAY !!
Apple workers in different countries are dicks.
Thanks for including us!
Girl you dont need make up, you can take it all off. #ILoveYou for who you are.
Babyoncé! My favorite word of the month. Couple that with my fav phrase "my other other Benz"
I like keyboard nav too. Liked Jared's comment last night during #a11ychat, but it's a future world before it happens.
yeah, I know. :) I haven't seen them either and I even have the series on dvd.
I missed hip the shirt off!!!
I know. I was only joking. xD I don't sleep much remember?
I have Damien Williams just above Laurent Robinson
bacon is bacon, eggs is eggs, don't let them boys between Ur legs. they say Ur cute, they call u fine, 9 months later they say it ain't mine
Tryin chase my dream now I just ball out wit my team
nice! Are you on Facebook?
Got my first choice workshop for #saa2012 Teaching Intertextually sounds like its going to be great.
Only a few more days to explore Columbus restaurants with week. These menus look so tasty! Where do you plan on going?
where the hell did u get your profile pic at?!? Hahah!
Will we see you in Gainesville a week from Sunday? Should be a great one!
When God is asking for ur time, for u to serve & u say no...what is that? Disobedience...
I won Mini Supreme at AUE Nationals..which is huge!! That is one of my most favorate pageants.
Hell yeah there the best.
you a hoe
Need to go shopping and buy Ray Bans and summer clothes, literally have none..
NCCMLS Free Membership, Free Listings, Free to Search, Free Broker Banner AD, AND NOW FREE LEADS! www.NCCMLS.com
Yeah, MJ wasn't hiding nothing, speaking what was in his heart. What are you gonna do. Hey, I like the new avatar.
start that mutha fuckin record over
I saw you more as the Construction Worker myself.
ahh it is<3 proud moment
Does anyone else want to see UL beat MSU? UK vs UL in The Final Four would be crazy.
Zen thought of the day: There is no cure for hot and cold.
Nothing with the words achy and breaky are a mistakey Campbell. Long live Billy Ray and his ape drape.
#FF our awesome neighbors -
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker who should follow me ;)"
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Countdown...85 Days...Michigan Football :)
dang y u move way out there?
I'm so jealous I had no idea you were going!
if a previous tweet was correct, happy birthdays to you are in order! (wish I had a #tweer for you.)
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back and i love your videos. =)
Every Girl Say They Don't Want A Broke How Is That So If Them.#RegularAssNigga AKA #ClownAssBitches Get U And Ask U 4 Dollars.
Next time you go to a restaurant with your mate, ask for the most secluded table.
That Mercy beat is ridiculous..... Idc who don't like Kanye.... You gotta always respect his talent!
people need to hear more about value of privacy, agency for youth. Also, the #nymwars aren't over...
FALSE! RT RT By lettin a nigga take care of you is allowing him to have too much power over you
Thanks and everyone else for voting us into the #1 spot for best museum in ABQ!
Read the comments on your "Teacher FB Picture" article. An apology is needed for a bad/biased segment.
but seriously..whataya gonna do?
I love the mug, unless it clashes with your tie.
They get away with everything here... (if your white) -.-
cool. i've been using #goodreads too for about 3 years, but i'm kinda curious about #shelfari now
Is it just me, or is this one of the wackiest ACC Tournaments ever? Go ABD!!!
Kudos! on free video for the Experts Industry Association standards and practices. Thanks for sharing & caring once again!
Figure Skating in the City is looking for 20 middle school girls who want to learn how to skate! Parents call 410-905-2058 for more info!
Its hot as hell probably not i hear its quite steamy down there
sounds good, i'll DM you :)
I AM TROY DAVIS
You too! Yes, definitely.
Did you try the Ecademy? RT : Committed here last week to take time to learn to use Hootsuite
Re: Surveillance sphere: It's also being made by those lovable Swedes, so no worries.
Um, it is your job! :) <-- Good point. Reason 87 you should be running my life.
So I'm just going to take the risk of driving back to work
Sorry about the WiFi issue yesterday. Can you provide some details for us? Was there a signal but you weren't able to connect, etc.?
I think you need to intervene now. He's just spitting out lie after lie.
You know Dallas caint hang with them bro lol
im really bored
Sweet home Chi town
I've put together an extensive report on the #Broncos 2012 Draft. Love to get your thoughts.
Finally got this warping thang down in Ableton Live
Does the case I selected meet the requirements for the chapter 5 homework?
#lhc78 make a commitment to be great this week and make a plan to make it happen! Our kids depend on our commitment!
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe. this reminded me of you . (;
“: Additionally her cousin has a little girl named savannah, she is going to become a sims, we have to fly to Phoenix to get her"
I think I might be the only person not familiar with the Beastie Boys. I know a couple popular songs, but that's about it. Eff cancer tho.
this is where lots of drugs and alcohol come in
I think it will be great!
Jamie's lookin to get fancy again...
: Now, we have the #InterWeb unveiling a new dimension (#LinkedData) to an old problem (#bigdata access & integration).
sounds fabulous. Where r u guys?
One very annoying things is a lot of these "DC_*" user groups are actually in Nova and not DC. #DevIgnition bo
Manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & small drink for $7+tax makes a great dinner special!
They are a great group to work with and already making progress toward their goals. I'm enjoying them just as much.
W/ #Mubarak out & w/ #Islamists in, no one is there in #Egypt to stop fr attacking #Israel fr the
