My final prediction.. Patriots win 24-20! Take it to the bank.
now following sis
I miss my mom. She's nuts but that's where I got it from, lol. Hopefully see her this summer!
DEF! Like the posts and Insight!
That's what's up! See you there! “: and both playing at ?! How exciting! I want to go!”
you've arrived!
You are everything I have never wanted.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
to : "The roar can't be taught."
Me and are rooting for you !!! Good luck on tonight's #fashionstar!!
It is a subscription-based service that produces high value content and eventually DVDs. Option 1: subscribe. Opt 2: wait.
Is my nigga this my lil bro mess with him mess with me cono
#thereisalwaysthat1person that just surprisingly seems to amaze you.
I literally just LIKED the shit out of on facebook(y) like like like like...
So happy the Guist brother's were on last night! I #love them!
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to #makeachange in the world!
bruh I swear u in my head rite now
My favorite physicist just stopped by!
#smbmad sorry we didn't respond but we follow the #smbmad hastag. FYI future
WOW, New backer Indra Levy comes in batting big time with a big pledge! THANK YOU.
Isn't Ron Paul getting the same protection? Where is he anyway? Meanwhile, #GOP shafts working moms.
i haven't been on here in a good while
I keep trying to kiss my Moms face but she pushes me away cause I'm taking off her going out makeup. RUDE! Totally rude.
Wish I could be seeing M83 at Stubb's tonight! Those tickets sold out fast….
That's gotta hurt
I would think. Also, probably a larger variance between positions in soccer.
beach time!!! #dueces ;)
hey sara i wanna thank u for following me on here i hope we will stay in contact and hear from u soon.
no but I almost did when the girl saw the guy kiss the other girl. Intense like camping?
I propose a new game. Match a celebrity with one who can most help them out of their mess. Ex: Demi Moore with Courtney Cox.
Oh. Yours wasn't terrible. I thought you meant me... and then I was going to agree with you.
I just feel sick 2 my stomach when HRW & BLA r what considered credible sources by any patriotic Paki
Thank you for the follow!
#LBLD #seattle #longboard this weekend is gonna be beautiful !
how are you??
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much
Eric Church is one of nicest men in country music! Played on twice...amazing! Good things happen to good people.
good morning!!! hope everyone has a blessed day!!
I still love you! <3
Almost making MU PR look good! RT : If Bo's still on the line after this break, someone at UW needs to be fired.
Congrats Garrett & the Baker team! - JDG
Saying he was funny/witty/smart is an understatement.
The team may suck, but very impressed with the fan-friendly changes by new Astros owner Jim Crane.
off to Pier 60. trying a different costume tonight.
Big win!!! Go Knicks!!!
What are the ingredients for a perfect day?
Nice meeting with Jim Kraugh of Florida LambdaRail. Thanks to Tom Babington for the connection. Hope to make good collaborations happen
Happy Mothers Day! Many blessing to come. Love Ya!
Cool! Great team over there !
YES! watching #glee right now and looks god! ...Then again, when doesn't he?!
following now. (:
Wow! So glad you are following. Thanks!
if it gets bad, I'm going to start doing tequila shots.
Thanks for the shout out! :-)
Get at me on social cam !!
Come to Fountain Festival of Arts & Crafts Fri-Sun, Nov.12-14th 10AM-5PM. Great Weather, Awesome Art, Tasty Treats, Fun & Beautiful Setting!
Ur very much welcome pretty!!
Where do you find the 2008 State Court Caseload Table for Trial Courts? the website is directing me to a .org website
I've tried many coding apps on the iPad andd Textastic is the best one I've found. I use it pretty regularly.
For some reason, I cannot listen to any other artist more than Michael Jackson. I love his music and I dance to it constantly.
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Publix - SIMVASTIN -
Nice series, reminds me in an odd way of Louise Penny's series
"do they know it's christmas?" is a song about jews, i think.
30 days until opening day!
everytime i see austin & ally i think to myself " Hey im and im going sing you a song today" Lol (:
Shoulder Lean still would have the whole club rockin...
I wannnaaaaaaa. A couple weeks is all <3
everyone in this room is staring.
You would think for 40,000 a year, they would at least give you that pleasure...
when i cry i want you to wipe away the tears. when i smile i want you to smile with me. and when i fight i want to be fighting for you.
Tour Oregon is a wrap!!! Where will we land next?!?!?
The more I work with the more I like it for server monitoring. Easy to set up, has all the features, and the price is right.
I heard my homies was gettin' on yo' head the other night lololol
The weather is MISERABLE today. If you could take a road trip to get away, where are you going?
Yeah. I'll actually be back down in the city Monday. Home this weekend. I have an event at 1 though, so we'll prob miss.
Looking at the sun coming in through a thin piece of paisley fabric that I hung in my window. Life is an illuminated manuscript.
Tuna Helper >>
Thanks for the RT!
YES! RT : That throw on 3rd & 10... where Rodgers hit Jennings for a first down, was the throw of Rodgers' life. Amazing
Your neckback? What were you in a car accident? You think we can sew up a tongue? What the fuck do you want? Frozen water?
Cant wait to sample tomorrow at the Boston Beer Summit!
Thanks. So did you see the pic with you me and Ravi????
#ImHappyWhen I look down @ Jesus on my rosary.
Why do I always have to wake up early on weekends? Eghhh.
“: I was in the Prince's of Dubai cabana!!! I fucking love my job.” - lol
i need a summer job at ritas, forreal.
Dude couldn't get a real chick the way he be actin...
Yessir, sure will. I'll be there mainly for the job fair, but also to get outta WI for a little bit during December
Community Meal tonight at 6:30.
I missed you, have a great time!
While #Hive "doesn't have a board", I just figured out the theoretical maximum bounding area... and it's shaped like a #hexagon. Fitting!
I though you were smarter then that tori you just can't believe in yourself or him
NM really actually and you ?
Ive lost my chance.
Y r u obsessed w/tying this word 2 things. Can't u make an argument w/out using that word?
Happy Friday! Happy day of seeing later!
Don't skip meals, it lowers your metabolism.
Had an awesome Sunday, but now the Sunday night depression is setting in. I'm already dreading my
Thanks for the RT! Have you had a chance to attend any of our Chicago skill sharing LearnIts?
Thanks Jonathon you too RT: Good to meet and talk with you tonight after
John Smits #BASummit2011 uses data visualization (#dataviz) to show the # and types of accounts each sales rep calls on
Good for you! You must be one strong woman. Admirable. You wanna chat on my coach page? it is on fb
Wowowowowoowww follow like now
Irene at EWR, forest fires on the road to PDX and Lee in ATL; Missed each by 24 hrs. On time and easy vacation flying. Thanks
Thanks my last 7 followers
well good job Lauren
that looks so yum
We have a new profile for our youth program! Follow us here for events & opportunities for youth to write & be heard !
#NP Im Going Down - Mary J.
Don't tell me what happened, but gaatdayum Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez SAAAANGGG on #americanidol!!! Ledet on "A Man's World"...shhhhiiii
thanks a bunch. :-)
Realizing that I couldn't view the right home page for my dog house site because I was uploading to the wrong folder. Boy! Do I feel stupid.
the times when ur "friends" are like "i miss u we havent hung out 4ever txt me! & we can hang!" im just sitting here like ha psht u hate me!
Ugh, sending good thoughts. Hope you are ok.
I want to die in a hole.
played golf yesterday think you can now license my likeness on the next Tiger Woods golf for me?
Lazy day today. Chillin at home about to watch nba all star game.
Who wants to see
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality. - Emily Dickinson
These homeless cats hustle so hard in Philly.... Least I can do is buy them a sandwich I mean damn.
oh my gosh. i just realized you followed me yesterdday ♥.♥
sup? :) Have you posted sales-stats for Square Off anywhere?
Hmm...is there a kinky pizzeria I'm not aware of?
I am thinking of making this my primary twitter account and just deleting the personal one I have #slpeeps What do you think?
Zombie corporate training...brilliant!
it's the hair, isn't it?
If I had a magic wand and I waved it over your head and "ding" something magical happened in you life what would it be?
ah okay sorry):
Yea, it's very interesting. I've thought of trying to do independent A&R work, but Mach1 would be the only thing to submit to...
One of the most popular sessions at #MWRC12 - congrats to
Can somebody givee me a shout out i am the one on thee right
sweet song... smooth...
I went by the name mike honcho
Had an amazing time in Richmond helping with #CIEE #CBYX . Nostalgia to the max
Hello, Andre, Thanks PROFUSELY for the RETWEET! Greatly appreciated. All best to you.
I fell in love with the (boy) at the rock show!!! ^.^
gonna see if they make bomb diggity badges online now... 'ppreciate you phoenix(joy rd)!
How crazy is it that the number of tweets I've sent is the same today as the number of people I am following?
Maybe today. Rainy this morning. Wonder if it'll clear?
Each time Kiefer Sutherland says “dammit” on Touch, I think, for one transcendent moment, that I am once again watching 24.
"Who could stop me? Do the things that you think are important to be done" explains her confidence
Waiting for Wonderful Wendy. We are going for Chinese.
Haha! They might also worry about bankruptcy. In all seriousness, it sounds wonderful.
*sigh* Oh Buckeyes.... no worries, I'm still a fan....
Waiting for these photos to upload. Boring!
A dear friend whose name I seem to not recognize has just emailed me that she has cancer & is leaving me 20 million $.
Today...I will always remember. 😊
Wait and see, Troublemaker.
please not the zombie sonics! please! RT : Nash to heat , knicks , bulls or okc . Damn that super gnarl.
Matsuhisa-San getting even larger than life now...“: Nobu partners with Ceasars Palace to launch first hotel in Las Vegas”
what movies are we watching Friday?
I'm already FOLLOWING them! And I STILL couldn't find them.
oh there you are MLW... I thought you had disappeared!!!
Mr. Hamas, not when those "democratically-elected govts" put (i.e. force) their women into burqas, it's not!
"The main emphasis in Buddhism is to transform the mind, and this transformation depends upon #meditation." - HH Dalai Lama
takes the podium at conference! Thoughts on the debt deal to start his remarks...
hey srry i got off my internet was acting retarded
Sports radio here in Columbus OH r bragging that he's going to Cincy!
<---- FOLLOW SHE. SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!
Matt Kemp with a walk off home run in the bottom of the 10th. #ThinkBlue #Dodgers #KEMVP final score 4-3
We've seen a lot of comfort foods weddings too. Just did a Prime Rib and Chicken Cordon Bleu Duet Plate...Looked great!!
I never talk on the phone anymore. I'd like to but some people just don't never wanna be on the phone.
Tonight (3/13): Screaming Crow Records Presents: Michale Graves (formerly of The Misfits) with guests at Hard Rock Cafe! Tix at the door!
RT : Murfreesboro...where the party at?
"At least I'm not as tall as THAT girl. Oh, wait.....I am."
Katz: "permission first" rule has been treated as dogma, where (c)owner can just "sit back, do nothing"
I didn't see that! Thank you for showing it to me!
only smart people understand. ;)
Teacher: Get out a sheet of paper. Student: LOOK AT ME NOW! Teacher: Excuse me? Student: IM GETTING PAPER!
The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you.
Games are on for the first night of Fall league!!!
wow...some people just do not have any sense...
he just said 100 a piece
♪Take It On the Run - REO Speedwagon
INgrooves' Robb Wells says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's
The Sheffield getting some love from I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal. Homerun.
I'm giving away 2 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler. To enter, answer this: What won the Caldecott the year the EPA launched?
there are so many things in this world that we as humans will never begin to understand.
o I am lmfao
I have a retainer that I guess I'm trying to chew through.
brews were heavenly. A little bit of vanilla porter, and some live oak hef
So ur a waitress? At least that's a little money. Maybe u won't be so bored. Haha
Congrats man!
i didn't know you needed career advice...
Have the dates for the 2012 conference been scheduled yet?
How are you doing tonight? I'm feeling like a #champ!
Yes, it is a nasty tick I have. When I hear a bad song, I am compelled to look the lyrics up. Please help.
Get me a strawberry blondie! “ I get off work in 20 mins. I want ice cream! Whose down for some coldstone ??”
aha yeaa true that
Wtf cadbury's! What a sad day for a British institution. It's now owned by Kraft. Disgusting.
About to go workout anybody want to join me
that'd be quite the show!
SO jealous that you're in our home town right now.
Btw should have been first verse on mercy …
Happy thatt you found what you were looking for.
This film looks interesting. As a film critic, this looks to be an intriguing, thoughtful, original film. Can't wait to see it!
im doing gread in the name of The Lord. Thanx for asking. What about you?
You remind me of my big toe. Mainly, because I am going to bang you on every piece of furniture I own.
I think bud can beat your ass ": I am right next to bud selig ,he is so lucky I am not angry at him anymore"
Aaron you better not blow this for me!
just watched the game recap!! damn
This Guggenheim video of makes those Armageddon-style videos look like something crap picks out of its teeth.
i was just telling about how badges carry some uncomfortable political connotations too, esp re: communism
birds of a feather!
FOCUS Training is at #Marquette today recruiting 2012 Interns. David A. Straz building between 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM. Come and see us!
: Go get 'em tiger!
let's meet in the middle?
DAMN! I just remembered that I have a block of cheddar in my fridge! I got wine drunk last night & I wish I'd have eaten it!
I kno it is it was packed yesterday too
#simmonsradio operations manager Heather in secession at #WIBS Staff building, recruiting and training. Check it out from 1:30 to 2:25
The more specific you are, the more general it'll be.
#giant on love rock Hudson such a man
One thing the Saints bring to the super bowl that I like is the possibility of a Cash Money Millionaires half time show.
Woo malkin! And neal too :D
A reunion at #kipcamp today with -- data goddess, spreadsheet wizard. She's helping Kiplinger Fellows tame numbers.
#RogerCraig had a great week this week, join now to test your #FantasyFootball skills against a legend and win great prizes doing it!
saw that! Wide open miss
Out of my final an hour early?
No matter how difficult life gets, you have to live it with hope. -Boy Meets World
i aint finna lie a lot of women look weird in sneakers but make them look good!
Hey How come when a reminder pops up I can't edit it? Help anyone?
Beyond Sombreros, Tacos, and Español | Intercultural Education in ...
Time for a beer, relax and get ready to see tonight!!!
hahaha lucky!! I wish I could do that.
for brunch!
Can't wait till tmw
thanks for following. We will spread your message and in solidarity with you on #ows and
Getting uncomfortable hearing a non teacher (Bill Gates) explain teaching
First thought when I wake up is my god he's beautiful, so I put on my makeup and pray for a miracle [:
your icon is speachless
Good Morning. Want to hear great music? Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards
Cheating is a choice, NOT a mistake!!
hey girl jbjbjbjbjbj thts wht all i think about : >
see you soon! Can't wait to hear about your new launches.
awe thanks efharisto.
He wanna come n put he's name on it
thank u
Zip-line!
Well, I was talking about like twice-my-age old. And I'm pretty sure you don't hit on me.
My daughter is a cat again. Sigh.
Yes!! Such an awesome way of calling it out :-)
Hello, Simone Welcome 2 my Twitter page. Look 4 ward 2 interesting tweets with u. Have a Great Day!
my life feels like an evanescence song!!!
Did you hear Chris Brown's new hit? It's his fist hitting Rihanna's face.
Trying to jailbreak! It's one hell of a difficult "job" to crack iPhone!
Yes.. André Leon Talley is my spirit animal..
it's worth the trip. O summarized it in a clip I posted on FB.
And #titans fans how do u feel bout the pic? We just keep adding weapons on offense but defense?
ok now what i do?
"que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong. Muito ansioso, haha."
haha i think so(x
Terribly sad. Maurice Sendak dies at 83 - wrote "Where the Wild Things Are." via
i like van nuys! it's def growing!
pulsating headache behind left eye, starting to fade. time to get to work.
Got my dog a beanie
While abdicates its mayoral coverage duties 2 's Press Secretary it's a good thing u have & around
RT : (client) represented by President Eric Tobias at todays !
damn dood. damn. yo go to the ducks game tomorrow i'm rolling there too!
the deed is done
Hope I'm just being nervous. Worst thing that could happen, in my mind, is Walker winning again. Anything but that.
Matt Kenseth will start on the pole for the Kobalt Tools 400 after setting a new track record at the LV Motor Speedway-Coach
yeah. now im just sitting here thinking about it b/c idk what he meant by it.
temple-run<3
So it looks like I'll be joining the engineering team over at in a few weeks!
You may experience some errors reading data from SG Storage. There's a fix being pushed momentarily to resolve the issue.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was. ~Author Unknown
Erin go bargh from have a safe valentines day
working tonight 2 for 1 pints after 9!! I'll be there will you?
RT : Such a gr8 group of funders & NPOs in streamlining comm'y of practice! & more
Some hot Cheetos with lemon sound pretty 🔥and a tall Arizona with it
what's wrong with Bentley?
lame i cant listen at work... Someone needs to shut kwing down... So i can listen ha
All it takes is to be down & show support,if you cant give that you shouldn't expect any kinda of love shown,that's just how I see it
...CIEM's amazing director, Teresita Ramellini, teaches an ICDS course: "Development in Latin America from a Gender Perspective." (2/2)
At my local elementary school, preparing to read to 1st graders & PreK classes. Lets #makeitcount!
Just the slightest bit freaked by news of impending parental medical procedure.
Gotta take a right turn because left is just a place to run
When the only love you knew, Just walked away...
I Put 2 Much In This
Steven Tyler sounded God awful, how is he qualified to judge singing talent?
thanks for adding us to ur lists!
Well, I suppose its official. Come January I'll be the new Emerging Technologies Librarian at Carnegie Mellon University.
Totally get why Ticketmaster had to charge 25% extra.. how else are they going to pay people to stuff ads in the envelope with my ticket?
yo!! So stoked about our After #ala12 trip to Mexico. It's gonna be rad!
- good to see you here, too. Thanks for your inspiration, wildness, beauty! xoxo
#ThingsThatPissMeOff when people take long to respond to a text message
holas - do you have an url for that Madison wherecamp? I added the Australian one at least. I'd add Phoenix if there was an url.
#proud #smiling #VMA oh yeaah & TWEET ME
Thanks! RT : You're in my thoughts and prayers!
On my way home for the weekend haha
u not a pastor no more?
I WANT SUUMMMMMMERRRRR BACK!!!
I also forgot about soft water
yea I did that
Who else?
sure thing
but Grandma!
Also, I'm having trouble explaining why in 140 chrs but use of "Latinos" vs. "working families" bothers me.
Bring me the tacos
Tourney shirts for this weekend
Also into cats.
New shows in the works, more info soon
Skype interview tonight, keeping my fingers crossed that my camera stays functional throughout
#PacersPlayoffs game time!
I like to wiggle, but I'd rather giggle. think LMFAO should change the lyrics to: gigglegigglegigglegigglegiggle, yeah.
What is the most bizarre thing you've been ticketed for?
My new favorite show. Repo Games
#ff NOW! Great coffee offer!!!
that was my last piece of gum
To let you know what's real? My butt implants?! Okay, listen after 2 PM!!!
E's birthday!!
This fox needs some shut eye. Xoxo.
Share with us your fondest Fit2Go memory!
yayyyyyyyyy lets get it!!! Lol hahahah that's why I love u sis.
My young ass need to be at the club... shaking my booty meat =\
#SpeakingOfFebruary4th...I want to go to there! -Liz Lemon
Do not open direct messages from me it is spam. I am working on finding out the source. Don't give up on me please!
The best days in a law firm are when the hardest decision is what to eat for #lunch!
A simple story can have a big impact. What story do you tell about your brand?
#AskSanta for a new van or bus!
Who needs/wants a job? It's an at home job so you need internet access. =]
yeah of course
How did you know I love you so?
let's do it
Super 8 was a expensive piece of crap.
#followmedylan Please follow me. If you followed me I would be so happy!!!
yeah but is on the DL
or Brad Pitt in Fight Club
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -Henry Ford
I've had the Tempura Fantastic!
Dwight Swanson: oldest home movie with chickens #orphans8 'Francena Feeding the Chickens' 1905.
Our last performance together on stage Very excited and a li'l nervous!
hav not seen u in a while, u on the rode, anyway hope all well
Like the open question format for today's BMA CHI seminar on B2B Client-Agency relationships
Found the late, great Larry Sanders show on Netflix streaming. No flipping.
Awesome! What do you want it to say? I'll create a listing for you and send it your way!
a g6 is a type of airplane
hey hon, I messaged you on Yahoo but I don't think you were on. Catch you tonight.
Hurry in for your 30% off purchases of $150 or more when you mention this FB ad! Good through February, some restrictions apply
like I said ain't heard a peep from you ALL YEAR!!!
Use a Go Phone pay-as-you-go plan instead. Voice + text only.
There are alot of bright capable "avg" kids. <2.0. I disagree w/grade bating. I think attendance is a better gauge of success
Is the Cornel West lecture on Friday night free and open to the general public?
And its still fuck you nigga
Tried heroin...
We love !
what an exciting/fun job to step in to!
Would like to see Brian Johnson, Rod Stewart, and Kim Carnes start a scratchy voice version of the Three Tenors.
Pinky hurts like hell.
thanks for the follow, cute profile name by the way
oh heeeyyyy... What do you think about a little sponsorship for our Twestival? Let's go, O's!
i was thinking how much ollie could have accomplished with just 3 or 4 more inches of height. such a nice game.
it is not wise to always be a logical ... but it is a logical to always be wise.... stay thirsty my friends...
I KNEW IT
The only to things I can be when I mess up sorry and human....
Hate my life so much right now.
Over the next few days, the no goal call will be reviewed over and over, and every time it is reviewed it will show it was the correct call.
If were not friends its for a reason . .i get along with EVERYONE
i hope i wake up tomorrow.
Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design. He's a mad scientist in the best way! Stay tuned!
NO NO NO YOU DIDN'T HE WANTED THE HASPUS FILE!!!!
hahaha hell If I know. Just some thoughts lol. What do you think? None?
Skin care time =D
Haha! Exactly. I don't think he ate sardines 4 dinner, tho. ... Yes, I'm always on Twitter.
hahahah it's really funny though:)
I don't like rap :p but where in Cali did you visit?
Hi Pearl, you hanging in there
is TONIGHT!
it was right under rib cage the pain on left I think
Raleigh - rain I love you!!!
: What year did Rollins give his 3 wishes?
You are freaking awesome. I love you.
That's great! What's the secret?
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln
#BMOC (big moo on campus)
Someone I once was and aspire to be once more. Go get it, girl! x
I'm thankful for u to hehe
thanks for discovering !!now I don't have a life(;
Alex Lacamoire moves easily from salsa to country pop in orchestrations for In the Heights (his favorite) and 9 to 5.
And stop announcing in-progress vote totals. It biases the outcomes!
Sounds like a nightmare RT : Went to school library for a new book & on 1 of the top shelves there were no books at all...”
you're def the REAL mob wife. You have never changed your story!!!
I did not, sir. The videos were shot by , the brains of the operation.
Titan Medical Inc. Announces Research Agreement with ARMA Lab at Vanderbilt University
I don't think anyone frustrates me as much as people who take 20 minutes to use the ATM.
Thank you for the RT.
Hey sis just text me what he says i am getting tired and got school tom i will come back to you tom morn o read all the dms i sent you a ...
WTF - shit just got REAL outside right now. Sounds like a freakin' hurricane. I'm pretty sure my bedroom window almost broke.
Sometimes the only thing that gets me out of bed is my laptop's battery icon blaring 0:12 in red. The outlet's all the way over THERE…
thanks! We're looking forward to partnering with you!
In your opionion, which is better Soy Milk or Almond Milk?
the lane violation was legit, read the rulebook SVP..not the NBA
The card I made my mom is so blunt.
Was jammin' to the reggae mix. Play more reggae/dancehall please!
Lesson learned # Dont ever let the next person know what u thinkin..always stay one step ahead..
#moviesthatnevergetold all Disney movies(:
"The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore" e-book just won an Oscar for Best Animated Short and is now available on our iPads.
Ddamn. That is some serious company you've put us in. Thanks fellas!
Hey friend, special plans for tonight?
Hey girl! Just working . You?
Simon says in Spanish,
Got a fan in my room!
hey,little better.still having back problems I saw a specialist yesterday. I'm not a mom #teamNoKids ty I have a great mom tho
HUGE SALE ON TECHNICS SALE! SAVE UP TO 20% OFF! CALL FOR PRICING! 773-647-1143
Reality sinks in - Packers really are in the Big Game today! Go Pack go!
"Classrooms are one of the last places in society where we can have a sustained conversation about something." Not sure I agree.
So grateful for my new laptop with the serious battery as I continue to sit on the train. Done lots of image and video work.
Just call on Tyrone ☎
I know exactly how you feel. I love that quote.
Google "TN meth burns" It is destroying our country.
My energy is up!!!!
Happy first day of Spring! Spending part of the day working on new music.
simultaneously playing pool, listening to 90s music, watching a red sox game and a funeral
Completely sums it up.
Working on new songs. Can't wait to release this EP next year it's going to be killer!
"I'll tell Justin Mahone u said hi if we have him on our flight" omg..yea dad it's Austin. There's no hope kill me now lol
MOTHER FUCKER IM OFF TWEET LIMIT
Watching big time rush just to see if they mention anything about their tour and
call it in or get shoot by a stray bullet cause that's what will happen.
"When Rick Ross Says "Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!" Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym."
Talent and dedication aren't always enough. Exposure to those able to raise your game is a must!!
Class only one day a week for the summer quarter? HELLZ YEAH! #SummerTime!
Can you say Hi to Tony for me? I remember him from RI
Make every day the best possible day! :-)
Aspire to creative compassion. Out of the box ways to reflect back to others their talent, genius, and best qualities.
what can i say... They are one of the most imperfect parts of me and i still love them
#Kids Konserve makes #green look good. Now you can get their Whimsy Snack Pack for 36% off here on the Savvy Source! bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
haha.. have a great day with the family
Do you agree? "80% of Am. are likely to switch brands, if comparable in $ and quality, to one that supports a social cause."...
It was nice watching game 7 of the 1994 Western Conf. finals the other day. Nothing like seeing
anytime dude =] and i know what you mean, believe me, i do.
Guys in dress pants and nice dress shirts are my weakness.
a parishioner sick with cancer told me he wants only to be "in Christ," come what may. Thinking now of #John15 - true vine, abide in me.
": We're all part of Vermes Army..."
Bonus points if you can sing it in French: & RE watching so much Olympics they know all the words to "O Canada."
I went with two bags of tea this morning and I like can't feel my legs. Camellia sinensis for life.
All dragons are lost.
SAY SOMETHING IS AMAZING!!!! I fell in love with it! I love you :D
We'll do our best!
it's a competition between the company so everyone has a Sunday to compete, but yes. No work Monday?!?
I wish you were taking care of me too boo :(
too bad you can't give me the kitty!
Who that homeless man on the heat who just dunked
Just paid off my submandibular gland!
my gut is telling me to make a sample based album only using clips of arnold schwarzenegger yelling.
Who the hell is Justin Welborn?
RT : Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
that's for life bro
wass good bitch leave Jenna alone
(late reply) I think no one wants to be the jerk who publicly says "I won't work for free! Screw you, small repository."
Comedy is like a marathon: if you don't pace yourself, you'll burn out. Also because a person threw a water bottle at me last night.
thatw was a stalker back then
They've definitely done really well. Kendall Wright could be a star.
oh! Then that's not a problem, it's a "resume" waiting to be written! Have fun coding!
s/o to god he still keeping me man
Glad to hear it! Tweet-up is at Hilton, if you hadn't heard yet. :-)
I saw at the mall. I feel like shit for just walking by an not saying hi! Haven't seen her in YEARS!:o
whatchu up to?
RIP Junior Seau
Happy Feb. 29!
Just came back from the UArts Senior Film and Animation Show (and a party afterwards). Some good stuff.
#blackbloc are such idiots.
yeah for 2 days but were going to the Bahamas
"Letting go isn't easy. But sometimes, it's the right thing to do. And most of the time, the only option we have"
laying in bed and listening to sad songs till i fall asleep. it's just that type of night ....
I'm the time of person that would rather have no friends then fake friends any day
Last day of school. :D
When determining ur packaging & pricing strategy, the intangibles r just as important as the tangibles!
would you be interested in doing an interview or just sit down and chat about duluth? let me know!
De-pitting a nectarine is like trying to convince Flavor-Flav not to do a reality show.
"Labs" rehearsal with the best cast ever!
Well At Hoke Right Now Gettimg ready For Dance Rehearsals!(:
Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus. Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday.
lmao.. I do but she was sleep this morning. I calmed down now. I can't help it I'm crazy lol
I've occasionally had them read their papers together as part of scheduled peer-review sessions. Works wonders!
i dont think you would
where are you staying?
Competeing for Miss Dyersburg Teen Princess!!!!!
you should patent that with the
Me and Mrs Detillio really do have the best conversations lol
its on amazon and itunes.
:D so what are you up to?
Heart miles and miles of heart
RT : We have to stay together!
And all that jazz..
As intended, I actually do reserve sharing for people I love (i.e. family only). No offense, friends.
That's awfully nice of you, but you really don't need to do that. It's my naughty kitty, after all. :)
weather is always fucked up in Lakersfield..hot one day rainy as fuck the next
CATS! No doubt. Title No.8. Haters - shhhhhhhh. It's Title Night. Yeah yeah yeah.
I want a new tat
Finding music for my show isn't easy! Any suggestions?
Facebook has officially bored the hell out of me °sad face°
The worst. I was like 'these aren't even MY jeans, are they?' *doublecheck* Ok, yeah. A past me. 5 pints ago.
Fund View: Biondo father-and-son mutual fund No. 1 in U.S
Isolated t-storms today. Karaoke at Coney (back bar) and Ironwood...In sports, Pirates play the Nationals; Preakness post position draw 5PM.
hey, just getting back to the city. Where can I meet ya?
How many foreheads does Joel Anthony have?
We just made a blueberry soap to test out a new fragrance we got yesterday. It's insanely delicious smelling.
What a wonderful night!! It was so great to be celebrate and support the DC dance community!
Will you be at the #ISPA show in Indy?
Robert Glasper n theATL 2night. If u can't make the show check out his latest CD "Black Radio" as Jazz,Blues,Rap,Hip-Hop & R&B come 2gether
The song is like 15 years old. How come people that write for Spin / AV Club / etc still refer to " Cop Killer" as a "rap" song?
I made the connection =) Doing well! How are you? Has spring sprung in SacTown?
That would be exciting! :-) Three of my top choices: Australia, Brazil or Iceland.
and I are electric zoo bound!
Getting ready to attend my first session of today. Every person that I have met has been so encouraging. alamw12#
two games back of the pack. not sure if they have enough time to make up the deficit!
I set fire to the rain
It's almost time to start the Valentine's Day celebration. What's in your #wine glass tonight?
I wonder how much he want for that beat I should buy it n still leave the tag in it
Just woke up and saw the lakers had lost! hahahahah!
There's a baby on the way in my family and I can't keep myself from shopping for him/her!
Read Responsibly.
Spotify has decided it doesn't want to play any music today. :(
How you been ? long time no talk
I woke up with the driest mouth this morning.....
Another great presentation, Understanding Money and Wealth for
it's fine! I was just confused cause I didn't say anything lol.
Hahaha your too funny boney monkey
it's cool, and DeSean Jackson is awesome, though stupid.
West Virginia :)
where are you?
Monsieur Spencer... 'Allo. *tips hat*
mind expansion/exhaustion in progress ...
; if my son even thought about skipping out or being a deadbeat, his ears will be red for a minute to say the least.
Waiting to see something I'm not use to
Come have a drink with us! 3:30PM Cocktail Hour at AnaJet booth #1345 at SGIA New Orleans!
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip round the sun.
word on the street is we play y'all on Wednesday
definitely in our plans.
Nice! That definitely helps the budget. :)
and I will be there at #LaughNowForAutism Can't wait!
No wonder this phone isn't working. It's a calculator, not a smart phone.
If you complain on twitter about something that I happen to do, then I'll probably do it a lot.
ya..laziness thooo :(((((
Wonder if I would lose weight if I somehow recreated your whirlwind ATX food tour
first tweet?
My point is that Christianity (or any religion) is never defined solely by its texts.
i love your christian beadles poster! Haha
Books are already available; currently in production with video programs that integrate the metronome sentences and oral drills
at school there are valentines grams u order and they send then to the person u like...too bad i doubt wl get mine :(
well said!
WOW!!! RT : D.Rose torn ACL out for season ...ouch
pickles! Where?
How about, "that won't happen to me"? RT: Best prep for crisis? Anticipation. If you say, "it probably won't happen", get ready.
Know damn well I didn't just see that fuck ass wagon,niggas be doing some serious ass hiding,but you so hard tho #fuckouttahere😂😂😂😂
All this fog is erie...
don't laugh, they have a certified "investigative mythologist" on the show so it could be real! o_O
So many gigs, so little memory.
Thank you to my friends for only posting vague comments on how mindblowing #MadMen was this weekend. I really need to catch up! (I'm in...
$34,000 a year isn't cool. You know what's cool? Freelancing at minimum wage for a burrito joint.
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP or CRM implementation experience. Let me know if you or …
Absolutely! This is a must for a creative job seeker. RT I see visual resumes great for creative web types
bad situation....but if it wasnt for Katrina they would've never left Nola & I would've never met them.
Early start...back-2-back meetings all day for "A Ray of Hope"
SLASH from Guns N Roses kicks off his tour in Baltimore, MD this Thursday
Hawes is a soft pussy
Aaron Craft is a heck of a defender, and you know I love me some defense
Correction... Dr. Wood presents the candidate and Dr. Magruder confers the honorary degree.
Plan your next Girls’ Night Out at The Melting Pot, April 17-19. Enjoy “Red”-inspired cocktails & save $ when you wear RED.
karaoke fridays here at nine72 9pm! FUN FUN FUN!
My Boo is picking me up <3 <3
thank you! we appreciate your participation in our contest!
Best-selling author GW Hardin talking about #avatar #enlightenment #vibration #ascension that will empower you!
Woof1 Woof! Thanks!
I want to be gone
I want i want i want but that's crazy. I want i want i want and that's not me. I want i want i want tobe loved by u. <3
Just need to get one back, RSL.
Attending the ACRL Data Visualization Webinar
Great coaching session with ! Excited for my audition tomorrow!
Working on getting more bandwidth for the website...wasn't expecting so many hits...thanks everyone!
You're coming to NYC? Let me know if you have time to get lunch! :)
It's totally lipstick. The girl who kissed me just happened to have lips that spell out what's on my hand.
why am I just finding out about this?!?!
Why didn't anyone tell me before that Taco Bell is absolutely delicious? These Doritos Locos Tacos are legit.
Lil Wayne is like Shakespeare of our generation. If, you know, Shakespeare had downs syndrome.
Also, had it been the opposite and it would have been us getting taken out, we'd been crying for a red for sure.
Don't have to move for FTs. :( : #Sixers were totally discombobulated on offense. Lots of looking around, no one moving.
Yo Choke Wasup Wit it.. I hit You.. But #Noworries Research that Txt I just Sent u.. Shit Just got REAL FOR YA BOY
What did everyone do for the leap day? We made beautiful new music for all of you to hear very soon!
": Chillen with my boo #LOD" which one of them cray niggaz?! Damn I love my team
So Wtf Happened ? Cus My Team Ain't Acting As One At The Fucking Moment....
Starlin Castro was excited when he heard his name was trending. Then he was told it was Fidel, Ozzie was talking about.
CHAD MICHAELS is as good as it gets!
@ austinmahone im tweeting you while im in school...
whew no! fortunately rarely gets above 90 there. I'm in Lake Havasu City watching the parent's retire :)
knew you would get a kick out of it.
Thanks! You know what the worst part is though?
#happy4thofjuly “Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom” ~~~Albert Einstein
You too, Brad. Always a pleasure to touch other creativity lovers in town!
Although the closest i came to celebrating #cincodemayo was drinking pineapple juice- Mexico is in 9th in pineapple production
Do you have a social media workgroup in your organization? Social Metrics 101
Sitting on my driveway listening to Miley >>>
just told us to follow so we did :) You guys should follow him too . Let him know that sent you
Avoid like plague! Scam RT : To all FIU Students. Come On Down To Doral Hyundai Where Nobody But Nobody Sells Hyundai's For Less!
at the end omgomg too much fangirling to fit in a tweet asdfghjk, ;')
Looking for Laughs... follow >>> <<< for a personal Will Ferrell shoutout to 2,000,000 followers. This is real
I just wanted to be invited
Gotta give it to my brothers and Cuz Them Niggas Had Faith In Me When Even My Family Doubted Me.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (at0w5)
No, we are not whipping our son. He is a) getting his fingernails clipped or b) getting sunscreen applied.
The #triathlon was terrible.
!!!!!! RT : You don't really have to do much to show that you're great
Sorry RG, but you're part of the GBP family, at least in the eyes of the fans, the community, and us owners (ha ha). Be well
Also, just to be clear, I was describing MYSELF as the part-time coder and Perl Neanderthal!
Suzie is a money maker but that b***t a liyyrr!!......my bad, flashback moment lol
whats good man .....Dameion from the music conference
Let the Sounders game tomorrow serve as my motivation to bust through the work part of the day (if I really have to do the whole work thing)
hey. wanna follow me back? ♥
#Go Pats
Uh-Oh
Highly recommend the last 2 tweets from Monk's.....these beautiful girls must be trouble.
How are you doing? Haven't seen you since November!
what time is the world ending? i ordered something from
thank you for the invitation!
thank you, most excellent beta reader! :-)
Why can't it be sunny and 70 all year long!?!?!
NSLC contacted me for an interview!!!! #summerjob?
I got it
No, it was from a Brazilian magazine.
Just released from avail for Rock of Ages. Onto the next one.
I really hope it doesn't take long to get my license renewed. i don't want to be here all afternoon.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 52
check out out the amaaaazin
Another big win for tonight! Along with Rosedale Land Partners, we won the Community of the Year at the SoCal Awards!
no questions, but you are interviewing Joel! this makes me want to use many exclamation marks!
That is so awesome! Thank you for all you do.
Is there any vodka?
Sincerity is an underrated virtue
I want you Forever, forever and always. Through the good, the bad and the ugly people whatever.
Good-Morning (:
I have feelings and a heart just like anyone else!!!!!
I'm VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY bored...but ok. Looking for a job to return
I completely agree.Parents find this advice very palatable. No one wants to believe there is something "wrong" with their child.
Thanks, we really like it. Can't wait to bake something.
First Friday- Sons of Malarkey Portland Irish Band. 4 amazing artists.
Really missing Claire right now. :/
RT : Bout to eat this steak.. Since its the only Meat I'm getting in my life ..😂😂😂😂😂 lmfao- lol clown
yup. I wanna go to Canada Aye. Lol
the people who followed me they got swag and the people who didnt 2 u know and i dont want 2 leave out people
RT : Happy Birthday Wonder Woman! Who is YOUR favorite 'wonder' woman? Your mom, your sister, your boss, your friend?
if you need me, text me.
Wow...:see ya #redwings! Unreal loosing to
#family night
Looked over to getting mad as her mouse didn't work but she didn't know it was actually mine :L
Happy Hour! 1-3pm! 10% off your order! Simply tell the cashier: “Behold the power of waffles!” and the discount is yours!...
I'm walking on the ceiling
Jamber at 858 Folsom St.! Wine in kegs/on tap & opening in July.
Howd the laundry come out?!
The board that tweets together, um, er, practices excellent governance together? Workin' on it...
Protruding tumor on your head will be in fashion soon with cell phone, now microwaved food, etc. We all wanna be fashionable, no?
caked it...n commented...- PRESSURE...
wow!!! Y'all deserve it!!! Love ya
Not I. Doubtful it's affecting all Chrome users, methinks.
love em already!!
It's all about the ratings. That's why no MLB talk. Change the name of the show to "ESPN Tebow Take".
LOL its not like i can knock at her door anytime tho!
asdjfklsdj i have school tomorrow. WHY CANT IT BE WINTER BREAK ALREADY.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Everytime I'm ready to give #Kobe some credit, he does some #Fake ass BULLShit. Thats why I like he wants 2 be HISSELF.
To be a BOSS, you have to think like one....
Thanks for the #FF ! Autumn in #SanDiego is beautiful - it's our second summer!
Thanks for the suggestion. We've added it to the queue of books to add.
not quite, but it is getting there. I really think it is a mistake wave is going away, google is not especially patient
Lost at the mall. Why did i go off on my own
i just want to get back on the field.
Maybe Kate is a kommunist robot.
Corn Beef, shepards pie, cabbage and Guinness. #St.Patrick'sDay
“: Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.”
You're getting followed as well!
No one fucking gets nor do I have the patience to explain it.
they are so cool :3 love them ;)
I second that!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 16
No texting go straight to sleep now! ;)
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet Let's TREND IT !
Hello Claudia, sounds fun and hope you have a good time. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2010...Peace out!
Beware of Liberty..up and coming program off to slow start..those teams are always dangerous late imo!
Appreciate the shout-out! There's nothing like sitting outside...especially in these final cool days! ;)
I swear if someone says my hair is orange I will bleach all of it
#20ThingsAboutMe I hardly ever get mad, that's just not me!
Since I'm a man of the people, I want to hear your sasquatch slappin' ideas! What's the first thing you want me to do as Mayor of Chicago?
Dam I wish I culd delete som of my mentions
Pro of working next door to : lunch break shopping!
#WeWontWork if you don't let me be in my own personal space to breathe and be in my own head for awhile.
We can be the voices of logic and reason. And introversion.
"Dreams, dreams, always dreams with you, never common sense...."
you can get macs and an ipod, you have to earn points on it then they mail it to you
Just waking up to the sounds of the ocean on Fire Island.
Live-tweeting, obvi. RT excited for the debate tonight?? Any good drinking game key words?? Obamacare lol
Reading the LRB with an after-work scotch, all hearth & habit.
Everything is in the same place. Pharmacy, referrals, doctors - it's very efficient compared to the ppo, where you're all over.
All I want is a way to make people stop attaching Word files to the wiki. :-(
Prolly gonna lay outta school in the morn & go when 4th block rolls around. #goodplan 👍😊
do you have a link or anything? :)
Woohio go chris brown
Congrats Robin!
It takes a very long time to become young
you should start one
Just ordered myself an Alligator Po Boy - got scolded by the chef for ordered a turkey sam...
What you wanna fade?! Lol
happy early birthday!(;
Okay so the other pic that you got of Tierra is for Vin's video. Not the one I made.
bow! Lookin all the way good le'go I got my studio back up and running to I'm ready when y'all ate let's get it!
sharing about free-range media & learning in an environment of trust, living in an unfiltered world
Yes and yes! You had me at pretzel milkshakes.
Luckily my gorgeous face helped me pass!!! 👱
I'm just so sad re: Eureka. Thanks for all the fun, science & spirit.
Absolutely! I was there--I remember.
Feel like our class has gotten closer this last week
3 more days left, and I'm counting down all the way!
A very sad loss in Christian Broadcasting with the loss of Tom Dooley.
Tough night, but I'll say this much: The Hoosiers are back.
At Skinny's Lounge tonight! Show starts at 8pm.
I need Chinese food.
Where is the message?
Going to Trento, Italy, for a workshop tomorrow. The journey will take 18h by train one way. Can understand that people prefer planes.
Burned the cookies while watching Cake Boss.
so excited to go in and see the hypocritical pricks who like to call themselves a church.
Getting drunk: $65
his girl friend find quickly because it grieves us to see you sad. happy bday I love u.............
They're BAAAACCCKKK! The Writing Center is once again offering drop-in assistance at College Library this evening from 7-10 p.m. Stop by.
After receiving the John Philip Sousa award and finding out Roberts is retiring, tonight was memorable. I'll miss this.
where can I find details on the charity golf tourney taking place on Oct. 1?
You should get bonus FFMs for going back there again. Can't wait to see your reports.
Thank you for the RT, and letting me know about LiveBinder!
I have sat in front of this computer for so long I swear I am beginning to collect dust.
nope but they get HIV RT : Do Porn Stars ever Die?
Drinking some of the epic Ethiopian tchembe n2 this morning.
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig (concert).
Don't forget: Great Westside Family Easter Event tomorrow - April 23 - gates open 9am - www.kuik.com for full story.
Tomorrow is gunna be horrible... prove me wrong
"Curating my Twitter" will be my new
....hey babe. Miss u much.
I want to bring her ass to Miami this summer -_- I hope you saved them Bruster's checks hoe!
Oh my god you so damn fine. Move those hips from side to side. (;
I think that Google search just made my night.
lol glad to hear I KO'd you via iPOD! :p New stuff will blow your head off.. so u might not want to fall asleep to it :x
i'm making a yummy little stir fry right now. should be pretty darn fantastic.
awe! But you should love it snowing. And for the heartache . You should be happy
Demi is my inspiration ☺ nothing !
Went to school to be a teacher, ended up in journalism. Still not quite sure how that happened.
i dont wanna get braces :/
oh then yes, i would definitely join. (:
This just isn't the same "Top 28" feeling anymore!
My Quote of the Day - "Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.", Oscar Wilde
hey how u doing i would like to talk to u please talk back
Craig Owens and Johnny Rockette tonight at Mojoes in Joliet! Come hang!
haha none yet!
you are either in or out... trying counts as being in! Be confident. say yes!
Just finished Skatin'!
That sounds really good right now.
Speaking of fish, sorry I was supposed to say "he said". HaHa
I'm lucky
at Marsdrive, some of us are exploring the options to create a new space company that meets earth based needs, tweet if you want more info
OMG what has happend its the smoke time in followres about 2b overlapping.its 419 so toke on the cali extreme choke & close ur eyes & dream
Studying my craft! Love being an actor I love this profession! Working on script for and School for scoundrels.
Make sure you let know you had a terrible time!
sending threatening look now
Slashing defense budget jeopardizes those on active duty. Too many pols haven't served. No vet, no vote.
thank you for the mention!
Exclusive: Dayo Okeniyi Talks New Show; Hunger Games Fans To See A New Side Of Him - Cambio
it's great for listening to when you're not really listening. Like, if I exercised, I'd listen to it a lot
i was about to tell you a joke about birds... but then i realized it would be hawkward
idk maybe some kind of spiritual dance
sometimes when i'm bored i like to curl up on the kitchen floor and pretend i'm a crumb
Hammond - hope to find a quality guy at 12th pick. Finding a rotation guy would be great
Im kind of cold right now
#SometimesYouHaveTo let go of your laugh in the middle of class.
I told him I had shit to do tonight and he doing nothing but ignoring that. Tf nigga?
trying stutter edit out on our tracks is like seeing new colors
SHOWCASE YOUR WORK - Submit a photo for Photo of the Week on Musée Online! Make submissions to
Thanks lady! I miss you. Maybe we can have dinner or brunch with our beloveds when I return. It's been too long!
Today, I'm the guy looken sullen, dragging on a cigarette while happy people run off to their yoga classes ;)
Hey, I miss you!:( <3 Skype soon? :) & you should def sing to me haha. :) love you!
heading out to NYC at 5am so no fun other than the Wilco for this boy tonight.
U eggheads get no response from me!
DMDC is on FOX
Still awake... Fml
knocking out so many beats right now. cheesin while doin it too.
to good to be true and r u still on the AZ streets earning your stripes ?
Den Doe! *Ghetto voice* lol
I'm not a big fan of FPS games, mainly because I hate running around looking for ammo
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
don't lie -_-
Totally, but Baltimore is a very challenging place to make an artistic career due to low funding levels.
Regretting my trip to the Why must it be so painful. I always forget - it's somewhere between a root canal and DMV.
Pearls, house shoes, and champagne cocktail in hand
-Hahaha I dnt need yhur dick dey got toys n I got my fingers hahaha-!!
Is it too early to see what the sox can get in return for Youk before the deadline?
*disappears into the woods*
WYD? I JUST WOKE UP.
Jeremy Thompson, Burnett, Matthews.
love you
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
Its still raining. I left last week and it was raining.
Taste of Alpharetta >>>>
well I know the perfect solution...check us out at www.cdbaby.com/rottonwisdom or put us on your Pandora Player! Thanks peace.
Freshman orientation Thursday, then school on Tuesday.. Summer went by wayy too fast.
Ah yes. Mr. Yogato!
Sum girl just told me dat she like to fuck for money
Our PFO is sponsoring a skating party at the Roller Cave on February 8. See you at 6:30!
wednesday. staying in wailea
gonna waste my saturday night by watching a shitload of movies on netflix.
Does anyone has photos from events using Atelier Interctive, Jo Sonja, etc.? We would love to see them!
oh, I can't take no more, her tears like diamonds on the floor.
I am. Jades not
Thank you, Eli!
Good morning twitter. Everyone have a great day and remember only one more day
How are our followers holding up this week? Hard to believe we're in the thick of March already!
I need to win this!!!? Omgg!
i wanna see that video when i go in! lol
that's what I thought! Like maybe she somehow preserved herself with a spell! And she could destroy Klaus? :O
Okay, that's not good....RT : Freedom (the app) crashed my machine every time. Not quite the freedom I wanted.
I have a feelin today school is going to be fun:P but i felt bad yesterday for wht i did to my best guyfriiend:\sorry vinny:))
ok ima shoot ya a txt before tht cool?
Finally went with your rec and had dinner at Virgil's. What a treat :-)
google news alerts just emailed it to me :)
I should really do my homework so I don't fail algebra
Just saw a beautiful black and white woodpecker in Loose Park in Kansas CIty, Missouri enjoying a white birch to no end!
Time to work it out. Hello Monday.
5 guys with and
I'm not moving Rickie out of the lead-off spot. He is walking at a good rate, and his batting average will go up.
i feel bad cus i didnt do it back
Erica did, & course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while - but that's life, kid, work, move, etc.
Be thankful for all the changes and growth you experience.
#ellensdamheroin try playing my chemical romance in your yard.
you're on the outside lookin' in close the blinds
lol I know your awesome!!
My Pilot is officially in agent's hands. Here we go...
You don't need a mirror with a roommate like she tells you how it is!
getting my feet wet
u know it.
I bet it's 70 years if the screen is dimmed and GPS is off. ;-)
My #Irene preparedness kit includes wine, ice cream, and pickle-making supplies. Yours?
lol what that mean mane
Chris told me you might be in the market for some invitation design?
also I am PISSED they are remaking American Psycho. Christian Bale IS Patrick Bale. Lunar Park confirms that.
Maybe rules is the wrong word. How about morals for someone who represents a professional sports franchise?
I'm followin him too
say hi to my homegirl for me. She's the new girl at Armani cosmetics! Have some fun in the sun for me. :)
What a great long break! We hope everyone had a wonderful, safe holiday. Lets have a grea rest of the semester!
Need new graphics for an existing display, installation & dismantling services, shipping, storage or on-site logistical services? 2152799120
great job on the 1 hour (60 min)
Back at the Green Mill in Chicago tonite with the Deep Blue Organ Trio, then off to Ohio for 2 nites with Pharez Whitted's sextet.
Oh. Yeah. RT : smart is sexy. So glasses are sexy. :)
Clippers won! Down by as many as 27 and came back to win by 1.
Good morning GG! My fiance is studying landscape architecture - pretty excited to learn from your tweets!
So glad no one is listening to the teacher.
People break up all the time, mainly for the wrong reasons. They let the smallest things tear apart something so beautiful.
Without saying The Hulk, I'll say Captain America makes a fantastic leader. Hawkeye could've used backstory and screen time.
We are the #1 options advisory service in America. Our subscribers are more than satisfied with our options recommendations. Come join!
I'm glad you enjoyed the Tanz Pea today!
In the next two weeks some amazing things are going to happen! Cant wait for all the excitement!!
its done its never to late to Say thank your
I think & should go to prom together . c':
Traffic.. #annoyed!
Yes. At least once every 20 seconds. RT : Be honest with me: are you thinking about it now?
I want to roast a marshmellow.
honestly i dnt care if he do or not it's a show b u still think his arm is broke its a show not real
Those moments when you're really sleepy but you don't want to go to sleep because you're talking to that special person.
your welcome! my pleasure love hows your day going so far?
If you can’t say it, don’t soap up. Some mass-market soaps contain butylated hydroxytoluene, but our NEW Verve bar soaps *never* contain BHT
Did you know that you can download your Linked In connections? Go to your Contacts menu item, Click on Connections, scroll to the...
:o where's ur cat and not mch
Aww, I love that song! I was just singing it the other day, actually hahah
yeah! Doing the new job happy dance!
Recital at 2 today, everybody should come! :) 👯
Fear and Loathing; back when Depp was acting
Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men.
And with these graduates from I am almost completely divorced from knowing anyone there. Only 2-3 left...
is this your own doing or does Nicole have you on a turkey kick? Jess makes me use it instead of red meat. Don't judge.
ridin' up my lips
Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year!
8 can get here anytime now..
RT : Bittersweet. scared because it's me against the world. but excited i'll be moving on to bigger/better things
yea I hope so too :-)
One more service today... main service at 10:45. Praying for freshness!
any tuth action reports from this am?
Here's to the kids who are mistreated, misplaced, and misunderstood.
omg just watched it too its so sad :( !xx
Show time!
Fucking Toledo almost gifts the #burn a goal by letting Castillo on on an unguarded side.
That's a guy thing, yo...RT : Speaking of poop, anyone have poop phobia? Doesn't really go with being a mom.
Not sure about this wandering rambling format for the morning keynote.
Fascinating evolution of the English language. Examples: "May I have" is now "Can I get". "Free speech in public" is now "thuggery".
Algebra sucks
Today is Steeler Pride! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
hahahahaha that tweet was the cutest
Sitting in a thunder and lightning crying. I'm so scared :c
Big Weekend GOOD FRIDAY - Sushi Time Masters Golf Tournament - Sushi Time EASTER SUNDAY -
Connect with me on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Youtube! All links are in my profile!
Misconduct by the #STLblues ?! SHOCKING.
feel ya there goin to ny in march and possibly touring in europe in june
you just don't seem to care.
fuck green day.
let's get it fellas!!!! Sho em what u made of!!! Practice hard play hard!!!!!!!
is crazy for
It’s not easy, is it? Fighting for something you could have had && wondering if maybe it’s already too late.
Watching Cincy big men and they just stand around when don't have the ball. They find a block n plant on it and wait for a pass!
Hell hath frozen over. RT : Pau Gasol: Buzzer Beater.
At #ohare airport - they are saying we need to show ID at the gate to get on the plane "by order of the #TSA."
Resuming post-production on experimental documentary 057 this weekend! Stay tuned for details!
This time next week I should be sittin around a pool with my gf
I've got over 30,000 follows on my primary account ... I can & do build trends for charity & rock music art & dance
I am adopting a bunny rabbit who was abandoned :)
i feel like i have no time for twitter anymore :(
glad. You liked the bit
hah, bugger indeed. Lost swarms r bad in any language. I was to split it today..oh well
Are you parent to a teen? Email we want your advice!
So like the most beautiful boy that I have ever seen is at my church right now.....................
I want a maid
I just realized how often I quote Harry Potter everyday.
Getting ready to go to the studio and put this show disc together for T.O.P. they have a show coming up in H-Town at Club Carabana May 9
More money, less work.
got cancer want to go holistic? Find 10 others / ur SAME cancer who follow the EXACT plan you want & ONLY proceed if they r 100% sucessful.
can cody and drake do a photoshoot together, please.
actual deadline is tomorrow? i've been looking at it, wondering how many conferences to commit to.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA Gen. Leonidas Polk evacuated Meridian, Mississippi, leaving the town open to Sherman's army.
hahaha. You should drink then lol
I wish I had a girlfriend
you got this! I realized this morning that I totally hijacked your paper last night. Sorry! I do that sometimes. Lol
I love it when my dentist give me a sticker. Yaay.
Hahaha yeah i know. and thank youu (:
hhaha yea..i really want to meet him <33
our little one no doubt made out like a bandit for christmas this year thanks to grandma, yiayia, aunt heather, uncle jason... and us :)
Just a reminder: change is hard--really, really hard.
i swear i heard an armadillo
My uncle is definitely going to chalk all this up to Obama's secret socialist mission for the US.
Shittin on my ex'
I'm so happy for , she needs to find someone good for her. Love you girl!
found out it was from last night :( BUT only 72 votes off.
My cousin (I am his caretaker) has started smoking again after 8 mo. He just finished chem & radiation for throat cancer. Still in the hosp.
Oh, you'll be admiring my sexy handles and eco-friendly shape will you? You cad! :p
get on a plane. Now.
Some people just act like they care ...
happy birthday!!
Max - we have a bike for you to ride at our Festival. Gotta start somewhere. August 15 and 16 at the Palmer Events Center.
Another morning. I guess it's time to go to the gym.
Was it some dank ass stuff at least?! Damn dude. RT ": If you're stupid & disrespectful enough to smoke weed in a cocktail bar..
Welp..I'm not voting cause there's no to vote for. But if I was it would be for Tony or Jermaine (based on 2nites performances)
Lemonade Day is an awesome program that teaches kids about entrepreneurship www.lemonadeday.org
Good morning
I like it <3 u look always good <3 *-*
Loved the team tango! Deff my fav team dance in all the seasons. The costumes were so adorable! #TeamRochee deff the best in the group;)
Sheamus is trending and i just want y'all to know that's the name of my truck(:
you better get used to playing in the cold!!
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TONIGHT STAY TUNED FOR FRONT STAGE RADIO
Save the date-the old Northfields is now Monroe's Restaurant & Bar Grand Opening June 2. Apps, drink specials & music
“: This drive to Norman seems longer than the trip to Nac. Only to Ardmore. #naptime” GOOD LUCK MAN
DE: ok I am following you. Follow me and you can DM, if you do not have your answer yet. NO PERSONAL INFO as this is not...
And a special thanks to Marissa Cotter and Jill Lauderdale, volunteer staff who showed up for extra painting time today!
Ready to hit the crib
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
But i heard they sold out
Always see people true sides
RT : RT : Solo Dolo. No hoes. No wife. No girlfriend. I'm coolin it til a dame shows real interest...
LOL it's a big day brother!
Thank you Sam! Same to you. We should keep in touch. Btw, I love what you're doing with MyDrinkOn!
Snuck away from the party laying in bed with my baby boy, I'd rather be here anyway.
Mochi ice cream for breakfast
him and some of the guys on gossip girl... 
at Oilcan Harry's today @ 5pm. #SXSW and #StPatricsDay collide at your favorite local bar.
Which one I ask. I am always looking for talent
Just finished building new Linux server!
question i ask myself every morning: Should i sit in the open seat that looks like it may or may not be wet?
It's lunchtime. Today's Specials: grilled chicken breast panini, BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and chicken noodle soup.
When I see people spell "you" like "yhu." Go somewhere.
Yes, it's the same one. HUGE deal for my client. I'm the photographer. Did the large format graphics, gifts are my promo items.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Repair rules, but do you know anywhere that can regrommet hiking boots?!
Wikipedia isn't only an encyclopedia, but its shown to have less errors than most other encyclopedias.
I love that commercial!
Kiss 108 just called and told me I won tickets to Crooked Arrows but I can't make it! I don't even recall entering but I feel special.
Bout to go home and get dress
what happen? Are u okay?
That's exactly what you're doing to a 16yr old on the internet. Aren't you an adult? Shouldn't you know better?
Just saw myself in the mirror. Man, I LOOK tired as hell. I gotta be better about sleeping.
Looking for B-12? We offer PhytoPharmica #Vegan B-12 chewable/sublingual tablets or we can compound transdermal B-12 with a doctor's Rx.
Meh, I put together a background sound thingy... it consists of rain, thunder and wind, lol :')
Travel really screws up my Google Readering. In other news, math is hard.
do u have mtf transformation
almost there!
My dream of a Capitals - Predators NHL final lives on!!!
Kaylee Deluga recently signed an athletic scholarship to Saint Anselms College in New Hampshire for volleyball.
It's National School Counselor week! To the many school counselors who participate in our partnerships, thank you for your hard work!
I've done open-ended manually, as well as w/HyperResearch ... but it's been a while. Wondering if better tools exist now
life short an a midget told me that , an i always thought i wwas fly like i had a pidgeon on my back
I would :)
a used diaper?
Golf please....
Haha, thank you. We are making a lot of changes, even changing the name, but it'll only get better, right? :)
wait so raven symone is a lesbian
As per director Lonnie Bunch, will include visual arts w/ a special focus on contemporary art- yay!
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
lol well I do .
I read EVERYTHING but I am passing on this one. However, I just got my wife started on it. Thanks Bert Show!
fingers crossed, toes crossed, Viola please Viola!!
I'm soo awesome oh so awesome It's amazing how awesome I am!!!! Lmaol Jhoselyne moment of the day!!!! :)
thanks for the s/o!!!
