Green eggs and ham. Does it really taste that good to be desired that much?
Lmao. Ah I needed s timeline just now. I could rt damn near everything. Snorts and giggles just what I needed.
Stevie Wonder - Blowin' In The Wind - 07:54 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Even though we never talked face to face.. your still like a sister to me!
just got my electric bill. another thing on the enormous list of pros that california has over arizona. DAMN i'm glad i left AZ.
The aquarium place right? I know exactly where that is! Omg, I want a bunny. :c Moo is fucking adorable!
So I just figured out you're not in Tally anymore. What's up with that?
My caveman brain just realized how awesome it is we can turn fire on & off at our caves
"Make the ground move thats an ass quake."
CHANGE is the only constant we have in our world.
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early designs of coolers consisted of frames covered by wet burlap cloth with fans forcing air thru it. ABQ 719-217-8546
Smothered fries right now though 👍
Sorry, anyone that went to www.bluebookbuy.com need to go there at this time.....Lots of info about ebooks...make YOU the $$$$
Spotify Premium is so backwards. I should pay for syncing, not something I can already do for free on my computer.
Nothing like doing morse code over the pager system with my boy.
Just interviewed Crystal King , an amazing Gen Y breast cancer survivor! Hear her story 10/5 on
I missed my show
me too! totally forgot :(
for a long time they have been chanting that. It is a NJ thing.
Shrimp Alfredo THOR and wine...it's my Saturday night
Good one Sam.
What's this? I can't click on it.
haha okay, hit me!!!
waiting in a huge line for Barton Springs
Lol RT We're due for a major lane violation call here you guys.
Would I be an American ham if I said I'd be willing to pork (Ms.) Canadian Bacon? (That's, uh, ... Beefy?!)
shut the F up, okay he told me to stand far apart, first I have them together and than he was all " open your legs" lol
I got out plenty of times..
Every day my work makes it clear that I really should start learning French.
Women's emotions are sometimes up & sometimes down, but if they are right with God, their Spirit keeps them balanced.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you lovely mothers!
Boyfriend video girl: Rachel Barnes, 25 years old, porn star, skechers model and married. DAMN, JUSTIN.
lol well damn when you want to get married??? lol
About to get my hair donee:)
He went to jared!
I read Heavy Petting to my boyfriend last night and he started pawing at my junk while crying.
Yea..if i go straight V on the rocks..i won't make the end RT : Raspberry over cranberry? Class.
rt now go make some money lmaoo...TheRealBiZzYB No problem
no problem....working now?
Late lunch at Cosi. Love their hummus and veggie sandwich on rustic flatbread. Wish there was one in Pittsburgh!
Can I call you my southern belle after today?
*confused look* i may be an exception to what?
Studying for the LSAT is much funner than studying for the GRE.
That's the only super power you'd need.
“Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.”--- Dale Carnegie
Switching to vBulletin + vBulletin Advanced for website development
yea I am actually! I've always loved that band
is witnessing a parlimentary k-hole.
hope you're ready to rhyme!
I'd think you were a really great guy if you retweeted me. Better yet how about wishing my 7 year old like luck in his match
its my opinion and if i'm proven wrong I'd admit it. Have a good night i'm out.
Pirates wrecked the Cards, Brewers crushing the Redlegs
That man is funny
There's that 20 point threshold I mentioned. Tread water LA.
Bill you're breaking the needle on the creepy meter tonight
yah. Not surprised --same as when we saw them several yrs back on 1st tour w Wolfgang ...-
Dancing and music are my escape from reality.
great weigh in today! Have lost 37.5 since July 1st and 19.5 inches! Even though I'm taking prednisone and have lupus, I'm happy
Thanks Paolo, for the mention (here & google+) I'll check out your site. Keep writing, and thanks again! Enjoy the new week!
great work this weekend ;)
Life is beginning to slow down again. I'll be around. Wasn't Last Day at Lambeau great?
Goodnight everyone . (:
very cool mane
6th period makes my day, errryday.
Tell all your friends to follow us!
Old worlds keep closin' in, they have before, they will again, voices call beyond the wind. I gotta do nothing.
I know this has nothing to do with my fansite, but check ebay! Im sure they have them in 9! C; lol
one thing is me being a belieber & one thing is being my BFF's bff so, who even started all this crap?
And back to Miami we go. The #MILPCAT is still alive.
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
Robinson Cano's father is pitching to him in the #HRDerby ... Wonder what he did to deserve the chin music
: I loved the video! It made my day. Baseball, dancing and singing are a few of my favorite things. 8)
Anything wrong with Stu Scott talking about "the blind side"?
i dont know what i should do today.
My Pandora station just played Led Zeppelin then Nirvana back to back. This music genome thing is scary good!
Missed one digit on the phone number of a work associate and had a "youth" tell me to go fuck myself. This is why I like email.
i dont know why, but i could never get the lyrics to the kim possible theme song right...
Bonny pooped came in and went right to bed
But, now it's on Twitter! ;) FUN! RT Super Secret Pizza Party @ Pt's Pub
U.S. stocks fell sharply Monday as investors got their first chance to react to the March nonfarm payrolls report.
do you have any more gum?
Huge props to Amazing example of regional collaboration. #econdev ^standing O^
made me happy today. Totally makes up for crap connection in New Mexico.
he takes after his mama with the dance loving?
They play Izturis like a little leaguer. 200 ft max power. Lol.
There's nothing quite like a livestream to get you moving in the morning.
I reminisce so you never forget this The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness.
yes! lastnight was really fun! especially when the sharks took our bathing suits so we couldn't get in the hottub HAHA
Prayers that you are ....
Are you sending the same old emails to your customers? It's probably time for a "new look"...sometimes a little confusion is a good thing
I B-more fly than BWI...
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
chorus rehearsal today for state...leavin' this sunday for Jacksonville, Florida!!!
Need to get back in the habit. Yay you! RT : My body feels amazing!
Making lots of bracelets for our #armparty just in time for fiesta!
Kings of Leon Cancel Entire U.S. Tour After Dallas 'Fiasco'
Commenters on the are calling my IQ into question! I'm so offended! *yawn*
it's just laziness their reaching so much move ur damn legs!! Ha
S/O jus downloaded that "Hold Up" joint bumpin it now good shit my dude
has white fingernails.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention he raped me ! they make the girls look bad who it really happened to !
Thank you! That would be amazing :)
You need to educate yourself before you open your mouth.
tried to call my bestfriend , (my S U G A R F O O T) butt she dn'tt wanna answer hr phone #ThatsFine !
haha you are silly, but thanks hot mama :) RT Happy #NationalBossDay to one of the best bosses eva !
i really wish tomorrow was friday. #sickofschool.. -____-
Ha! I just recently sold that TiVo too. It was the end of a glorious, mass-TV-consumption era.
Self paced Saturday 😃
Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together. Morihei Ueshiba
Thank you for coming and for so completely nailing it! We were so honored to have you. Keep coming back...
You're welcome, Jaughn. If you could please DM us your email address, we will try and see what we can do. Thanks!
Thank you for the update. I see that the location boarded two of its windows in preparation for replacement.
Good morning my Tweetys and Faceys!!
Thanks for the follow, ! Let's go :)
Leadership means knowing the difference between pulling someone in your direction and pushing them in theirs.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
Great meal tonight. Thanks. Thank you! it was great seeing you guys tonight, we'll always have Pienza
however... for now... i could totally use the money for moving expenses.
Very interesting - lots of friends/partners listed - you going to post any of the projects you're working on?
That works. Thanks for the response.
Its because your gorgeous babe
consider yourself gotten when I'm back in the neighborhood.
what do you do?
Dear audience: I love you!!
Already did. Me ;-)
Oh you know, just hanging out with Stacey Peralta and the Bones Brigade...just about everyone of & my childhood skateboard heros.
RT 80% of what we talk about is relevant to the community and 20% about the brand
22 days and I'll be the happiest girl in the world
Lets get it in.......#BAMSQUAD......#OsOFRESHGANG......We stay fitted......#Sycson.Ent....Get wit it or keep it pushin
Yes, but don't delay getting services based on that. Kids' minds are extremely elastic--that isn't the only thing going on.
remember in pre-school when nap-time was a part of your class schedule... lol
#musicmonday Rekapse () check out this amazing band from Virginia Beach!!! you can hear their single "Daylight" on now!
The rain scared my trick or treaters away :( Guess I get to eat the candy! :)
thanks for your vote and for spreading the word!
We have something that will work just as well. Please ask mil to call at 914-533-0333. Happy Thanksgiving!! xoxo
you can do it!!! I know it does suck. I will never enjoy it
yeah except that one guy...“: Such a great show tonight at Justin Townes Earle and such a great crowd. Why we love #Houston!”
Sunny in Seattle as we start
It's official- I can't handle the stupid minivan going 80mph with crazy wind on the 5. To skeeery
Guns? Really?
Showing love from Atl... Received a DM from about the mag. (He's on his job!) How can I submit? :)
Thanks for listening brother - your video is tight keep up the good work
they're CUTE.
Deleting my myspace add me on facebook. Its better
Light the Night is a great event for your company and your family. Let me help you register a team. Contact me!
a-men sista ;)
Creating something that is interoperable internationally from the user experience.
Chuck gotta chill
Damn, the new Tokyo Quartet THROWS DOWN when it comes to
thank you for the great info
Sitting in our villa w/ at listening to AWESOME.
“: because you so fine, them titties showin but I want you mine.”. (;
You'd die from Texas heat hun RT : Omg it's only 74 degrees and I'm dying. This summer is going to SUCK for us preggers ladies!
Damn, that's not bad!
Why is it you always feel so good after working out.
All the more reason why magnet schools were essential in Baltimore ed eco-system. Now, they're a mess too.
One piece is the shit.....
How the hell did my nail chip while I was sleeping?!?!
OR I COULD JUST STAY UP ALL NIGHT.
here we go. SMDH.
thanks & same to you!
super full now .-.
If the Smith Center can't place LVJazz, then TheMissionLV should have you! Located in the center of the 18b Arts District!
You guys definitely got all my votes for the KCA'S!!
OMG she did terrible tonight. Can he please bring an ACTUAL liberal on the show?!
thank u Lisa :)
What is tomorrow Oh!! ZUZU $1.00 breakfast taco Day!! Every Wednesday for now but not forever
She's a terrible interviewer and flubs virtually every other line. She was tolerable at news desk but not cut out for anchor.
Kyle Korver, my fantasy team thanks you.
I trust Steve Williams' opinion on Tiger Woods because he's got no ax to grind with the man.
You guys we have to get #ChicagoSkylineBand.com trending!!! Take 1 min. Of your time and post it!!
Suppose to be going to the movies with my sis ...!! but the bitch ain't answering her phone!
Aj Ellis with an RBI double. Tony Gwynn scored giving the Dodgers a 5-0 lead over the Rockies. Top of the 3rd
20% off from maxim direct price for MAX410EPA+, you will be surprised, at www.synpur.com
Very well! We've had a great summer & are excited about the fall. All good with you?
thanks so much! Honored to be in such awesome company.
Lee Majors at #worldfesthouston! The 6 Million Dollar Man!
In tune with you brother! Posted the same quote just an hour before.
your not lyin hit him rite in the handz
Sounds like you appreciate print and analyzing business cards as much as I do! It's a #print thing ;-)
Packing for Disney! I can't believe it's finally here!
How much longer do you have to last?
We have exciting news to share ...it will be announced this afternoon stay tuned!!
Sounds like a fun project. My Experience Design Works colleagues did something similar recently w/ Nursing. We should compare notes!
Maybe we need to stop crossing our fingers for what we want & start crossing OUR FAITH w/ God's FAITH for the things he's PROMISED!
Cops show up and news crews leave. Coincidence?
I was just thinking that
And Im still wondering why this is relevant...
heh! RT : All Mountain Dew in Montreal is caffeine free ("boisson sans cafeine"). Are all the shotgun shells filled with cotton?
No faith after one game?
sorry about your friend :(
RT : RT : Technical Job Seekers: Don't Miss #HFChat Tomorrow at Noon EDT our host Intuit, and our sponsor, Dice will...
Designed for longspan shelf storage, step beams are 45 mm wide with a 20 x 30 mm step
LAKERS NOTEBOOK: Hill facing assault charges
Lol has gone from meaning, “laugh out loud” to “i have nothing else to say”
RT hits ATL today. Please take the time to visit the tent!
thats going on my iPod! great song ;))
Good to see some Personal & the Pizzas and at Late Bar last night. Go see 'em at tomorrow night: emptybottle.com
can I believe I don't smoke weed no more
WINTER ROCK SHOWCASE FINALS 2nite HIGHWAY 4-INDECISION-WINE & SPIRIT-THE HAWKEYES. Tix at door only $5. 21+. Come See The Show
uch uchm (clear throat). "Momma Made Me Mash My M&M's" Yes, some do call me the song bird of our generation.
Minor theft on the outside back dock -- a sign of the times...
I will never forgive you for venturing back to hell...FACT
Lunch is always a bright spot in the day
We're counting down to tonight's Game 6 of Stanley Cup Final here in Boston. Full breakdown at 5:30 on
Pretty sure everyone in this city knows everyone else or they will eventually...
I hate that likable characters die, but I love that it complicates things.
hah go! Fish tacos combo for 4$ aha
Getting fadded at the bar with & !!!!
I try to tell my mom a joke, she doesn't think it's funny and it turns into a life lesson...
#NYC_Since_1987 i followed ur Official Page :)
good to see you too! you can now add bench building to your repertoire!
Nice magazine cover ESPN. What an amazing last day of MLB season. Historic night never to be forgotten!
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
how's family day?
I did buy a new one for actual graduation! But it's for all the other events that weekend hehe
I've been spending time with my girlfriend!!!! Also, been writing a ton of music with my new band;)
Definitely needed for the work day :) MT : Agree! Or get through a work day! #ThankYouMusicians !!
you should go back to those days :)
R I P B.Murphy the world has lost another beauty
Introducing Coffee That Will Change Your Life =)
RT "Some part of a mistake is always correct." - Savielly Tartakover
hanging around the city for the championship game?
any interest in 21 Jump Street or The Raid: Redemption. Heard good things from both.
Oregano' Tonight for Pizookies!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it was for your own safety!
Sure you'll do great, and hopefully you look photogenic in #Instagram photos, as there will be a lot of those being taken, ha!
lmao the guy just said its him hahahaha XD
Tnx and for RTs! All, follow - great stuff on #LCWR & all things
I have decided to sell my 2 #creative genius domain names. Just need to clean house.
I will save it for coffee ;-)
My solo show opening reception at R. Coury Fine Art Gallery in Savage Mill is TONIGHT from 6 to 8pm. See you there!!! (Details on my blog.)
Mercury Undercover is live on Vudu.
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
Somethin' 'bout Portland... :)
btw, an e-version of Apocalypse Cakes is coming out soon that you can pay for with the price of a tweet.
loving the paisley print and the bling!! So pretty! Another winning outfit!
Anyone know what the single or double white line(s) between highway lanes signify? Didn't think so.
i dont hate you as person and i dont affect me if you date with JustinBieber
you already know:-) Lol
#imabadbitch is probably the best hash tag beside
that's what she said. Morning after pill
See you there!! RT : Stoked for the bout this weekend !!
All i can say is GO Baby GO!
CE CE: Real Singer! And a respectible view of Godliness!
Haha it's my company fool! I started it with Kelly.Thats awesome! When I get my Disneyland pass re-newed, we have to go!
Thanks, Joy! I loved the photos of you on 's blog today - you and Ruby are the cutest!
girl. Lemeee find out ? You and jasmine into it ! Ha la'scary as lmfaooo
Sweatbox Yoga wore me out.
"Double, double, toil and trouble; / Fire burn, and cauldron bubble!" -William Shakespeare, Happy Halloween!
I crack up when you refer to your kids as humans, so cute and funny!
Just heard the news about "Duck" Dunn passing away. He's a bass player I always admired. Sad to hear he's gone.
NO JUMPERS!
Ran into an old valentines day card which brought back memories ^_^
Tonight for to destroy it who's coming let me get some RT
its have a good time or kill ya self cause whats the point if you dont feel ya self?
Storyopolis Entertainment excited to recieve new work from Peter MCcarty From his fabulous work from Hondo and Fabien other picture books.
I realized only after I had introduced myself - I forgot to say my title at PayScale :)
Were I an enemy of true Christianity, I'd toss my head back and laugh @ how so-called Christian Right spreads prejudice & hate.
wait. Are you tomorrow or is valerie?
Lawlz I never said that xD
Why are all the conferences I want to go to at the worst possible times on the worst possible dates?
I don't use Mac...Maybe try copying pages into word and printing that to PDF...I have done that..but usually just for images...
Boys are annoying omg
Just started watching the show today... just saw the finale.. you are my favorite one already... Pick'em up and knock'em down
Supporting troops through the direct action of providing a job opportunities is noble. Please help recommend PurplePlacement.com to friends.
The early bird registration price deadline for the #delmarmudrun has been extended til July 1st!
Where have they got you this morning?
Ugh.. Taking a quiz every 15 min is making my head hurt..maybe it was the bottle of chardonnay i consumed in less than an hour last night.
so cute! A friend of mine is starting a non-profit animal transport organization. Exciting to help animals!
Not a trace of any ants, roaches, bugs in the Homeless Coach thanks to Andy Howard's Pest Control donating a monthly pest guard service :-)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)3
RT : If she sit on the sink and take a picture 10x out of 10 her ass flat.>>>lol
And it's only Tuesday. :'(
Hey - we're deciding which bands to cover at this year. Any names you want to throw in the fray?
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
and 2. Don't bury info about who you are 5 clicks deep on the site. Frustratedly yrs, Someone trying to get you some publicity. [-]
“: On another note, No one is worse than Maroon 5. Not even Kid Rock.” agreed...brutal acts all around
Did you see Red Tails yet? Wanted to get your opinion. I'm skeptical...but will most likely end up going to see it.
I knoww im excited! :)
Phylogica (ASX:PYC) announced a Collaboration & Option agreement with Janssen for new classes of drugs from PYC's Phylomerâ peptide platform
Spot trending now in Torrance, CA: Kings Hawaiian Bakery & Restaurant - Asian (live updates)
You rocked last night at the game. Great performance, great victory. The World was watching!
John Coltrane and Michael S Harper and students know neither, until today.
got is better. For shame.
Okay computer, you are turning a 2 minute email into an hour ordeal....
thanks! Sometimes I think there's a hive mind!
I need to learn how to keep friends lol
I'm over due for a trip back. It will be soon.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out you forgot your protein shake & rush home to make your 2nd glycogen window
Thanks for follow! We hope you have a great week!
RT : In life, you are where you are of your own doing.. don't blame others for the life YOU make for yourself!
Going to sleep already! Goodnight beautiful followers :)
One of these days I should probably do my homework....maybe.
shiiiiiiiddddd I'm talkin bout it like 3 4 times a week bro
Sorry I couldn't go with u to the movies last weekend, I didnt have any $$$
I wouldn't think that 50k is possible, but then again I never thought they'd get 40k until it happened last year.
What's it really mean that Melloy Dodge is locally-owned? It means our company invests money back into New Mexico instead of other states.
Cab drivers on the whole don’t dress very snazzy, and not all cabbies speak proper English, including some of the foreigners.
Thank you!!
Will you stand for this ? RT: : Tonight, about to break Alec Baldwin’s record for playing Costa Mesa, CA. 1-0.
Me too! It'll be the second iTunes movie I'll ever buy.
o hush your mouth, what's wrong with gettin one
I am. I can honestly say #Crossfit is the best thing i have done for myself in a long time.
Haha well if your up... U should work. Or at least come visit me at work.
#WELL DONE ONE DIRECTION TT IT!!
Q: Is it just me or is it hot in here? A: It's just me..
yo u should
RT : Hate to see kids play with Dollars I always think it could have been on a strippers butt or something .
you name the time & place... I'm just surfing the wave.(very open, in other words)
“: I am reading this article and I am just like wow” These are the times he was speaking of
black and gold.
All i wanna do is get to Top
Were watching a movie
The house that Madea built burns down in Atlanta. #CNN reports no injuries from 4-alarm fire at Tyler Perry Studios.
Crying @ 5 in the morning can't be good...
I hate texting !
its only for a couple of days (:
"Protection from who, Tommy? Zee Germans?" YES! ZEE GERMANS! REAL MADRID IS GOING DOWN!
why you no follow me edstaaaaaa ):
He did recommend book, Andy, which is why I ordered it and am reading & loving it right now my own self.
Love happy hour there! Such great deals.
Everyday seems to get more and more amazing when im with her! She is the most amazing girl in the world (:
Never underestimate anyone. For everyone is given something that other people don't have.
Nothing manic about this Monday :)
The Silk Tie likes Joe! I am not afraid to ask you if you wear ties :) thesilktie.com
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
Thank you everyone for coming out...purttty certain our guys r safe for the next round!! VEGAS You impressed & shocked us all on Easter TYTY
no actually it was you. Funny story
at the Alamo getting a filet mignon steak. <3 this is a treat since the steak itself is 30 bucks! gosh.
lol, I wish! but I'm REAL short on $$ right now... so idk about that. :\
kind of like all of the new facilities we paid for and couldn't use... Rpac comes to mind
I need a photo crew to run a photo booth on May 19!! Can you help?
unexpected appearance by #petergabriel in my pandora radio feed. the afternoon improves dramatically
bummer. Thanks for the info!
That is the best fortune I've ever seen come out of a cookie.
Click, clack, bang, bang, we in the murda bidness.
#RETWEET If yu ever got in the shower nd forgot yu had your socks on.
Just realized Glee is on ... and there's five minutes left in the show.
EXTERMINATUS!!! *gobbles up all the cheese*
That certainly doesn't help, but he was clearly swinging because he felt he had to. Just was more outside than the previous one.
If u favorite your own tweets you a conceited little bastard ha
any great specials tonight? :)
Did you guys know Apartment Therapy has a "classifieds" section? Um,
This is madness.
Vegan & Vege Game Prog: #IHaveAnIdea! How bout a 'Reality' game of working @ a factory farm or Become the fastest slaughterhse worker! 31512
#2Chainz had a daughter and named her 2 Necklacez
Last week for the Westward Bound projection @ the African Burial Ground
Me cursing? Idk what your talking about haha
I feel ya girl. I need a glass of something..I dont drink wine
Thanks for the follow, We love the work you're doing - can't wait to see what's next!
hehe true! I love our talks! So much comedy mixed with so much anger and confusion!
Ladies you better be getting your paws on these new tees that were released on Valentines day especially for yall!
Our 49 Alaska Writing Center write-a-thon was terrific. An amazing turnout with over 70 local participants. Thanks to all!
Make sure you get a variety of vegetables as well as some nuts and seeds, eggs, fish, and lean meats for - Vitamin B and healthy skin.
Update: my new album is in. yay!!
Stats that don't mean anything. RT : 20.5% of Democrats in NC are saying "No preference > Obama"
C'mon , we are way funnier than !! We are "Rib Tickling" funny...Get it? HAHA!
Congrats to today's winner, Asha Bee! Only 4 days left for a chance to win your mom a FUMI Bracelet Pursehook!
The one year I had to pay the IRS, I wrote "for bombs" in the memo section of the check. I just got out of prison yesterday.
I'm always wrong. Don't know why I even try anymore.
I know exactly what feeling you are talking about.
Great board meeting tonight. Excited for all the future events and ideas
Sleepy after a long day of cooking playing hillbilly golf, Frisbee, and spending time with the family outdoors
Oh. Yeah but they usually just go into the tanning bed thing.
those mountain top buildings r sweet! So which 1 will u be adventuring to 1st!?!
Bases are loaded because we just walked three people... Wow...
Just want more sleep!
last night was crazy! #snorenomore party was awesome!
nope, watching from afar ...
Ron #Paul says he will end active campaigning in the #GOP presidential race but will continue efforts to win delegates at state conventions.
I speak the truth.(:
Raining outside not cool messed my field work up lol
What about the CMS??
can I atleast know what it is...? wtf are you making me that took you three hours?!?!! #Excited :))))
You have a lot to live up to after seeing !
I have a leaky window. WHERE THE FUCK IS FEMA?!?!
o how yhu make dat heart
Taking Auditions For Singer's Or Rapper's Hit Me Up If You Wanna Try Out -KaeSmoove
go girl! Lazy can be good and needed some days ;)
Things change, friends leave, but life doesn’t stop for anybody.
Agreed. Hopefully they'll both be able to return again soon without fear of arrest or protracted court hearings.
I Heard Your A Player Nice To Meet You I'm The Coach !
lol no you're not normal you're just a jealous hater.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of #Titanic's voyage and tragic sinking, visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition during Centennial week.
most unromantic thing I've heard all week!
your sore because you worked out, right? ;)
Agreed but Cerrone can take a punch! RT : Great fight... I give Diaz all 3 rounds, Cerrone should've followed up the sweeps.
My dad won't let me get a tattoo, and it's really hard for me to save my money. /: lol.
thanks for the mention Caroline! : )
Gostick: For the most impact, recognition needs to be given at least every 7days and should be specific
#HellOnWheels is the best show on TV.
hopefully this december or january 2013
making the world safe one block at a time
8700 at the dinner break. Still steaming over my two hand penalty.
Met with folks yesterday. The direction they are going is gonna revolutionize photography and eventually video
Lakes RT : My team came to play!
When i said i loved you, i wasn't lying ........and right now i'd be lying if i said i didn't love you still <\3
#newpuppy oh I did not see the photo.. so cute! cocker spaniel. :)
Oh true and we should do that .
Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival 2012. Come show your #NPHWff love! Only at
"assessment/quest"
No sleep tonight.
thought you went to bed lol
We have 12 guys taking on the Steak Challenge so far but no ladies! Anyone know a girl with a healthy appetite? :P
Your last recourse against the unknown is how you act. If you can’t control outcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour. -Taleb
---The farmer channels water to his land,the fletcher whittles his arrows.And the carpenter turns his wood.So the wise direct their mind."
when your in touch with the holy spirite you can see things others can not and somethings are scarry but, God will keep u safe lean on him.
Assuming you do avoid being ignored, your next challenge is to avoid being forgotten.
Epicurean Lite production is wrapped for this week. Don't miss our next week, place your order online at www.EpicureanGroup.net
cool- nice to meet you!
might if just bided enough!
having a teacher on facebook is pretty creepy....
Got Me Addicted To The Song Moves Like Jagger(: <3
#WeWontWork if you can't accept me for who I am & want me to be someone I'm not.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Nashville! What to do?
Visit the "Music" tab/app on my fan page for a free download of "Secret!" Happy Holidays and (almost) New Year everyone!!
who gives a fuck?
Alice Cooper and David Spade taking in after enjoying Monkeypod earlier in the week.
Happy Birthday Man! Let me know if you go out celebrating this weekend at all.
über wealthy recovered their income by 2010 everyone else is still struggling
Lotus Temple New Delhi | Travel Guide
Thanks for the shout out ! It's true! We do! : D
Damn sucks! I did that on Monday. RT : Im really not trying to work this 9 to 9!
Chatting w/ big daddy on your radio next @ 7:10. Crank it on !
ALways looking for the next gadget AT&T and DIRECTV Sign Three-Year Extension Agreement to Deliver AT&T | DIRECTV Service to AT&T Custome
Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood. Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed... Haha I feel like a dumbass
RT : YES THIS IS CHANGE WE CAN BELIEVE IN ! #OBAMA2012 !
Nice! I would have done the same. What kind is it? It is gorgeous!
happy easter... now take dem babiez to find sum eggs...
Ever notice when you forget about somebody they tend to pop back in you life
has the jitter bug.
can we please referr to Peter by his birthname now-DICK!
More #SoMeAwards winners to be announced after a short cocktail break. Priorities :)
Trust is a big fucking deal.
Heh, I know the feeling. Today's the first day of Easter Term.
Oh look Alvarez just dove....oh look he did it again
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 have signatures at the end of your texts -_-
Nice! Next on the agenda: setting the date RT : can't commit, but would like to stay in the loop.
How common is it for a worm to be in, or atleast to put a hole in an apple?
The perils of mixing spicy food and running are well documented. ;)
Thanks for the follow ! I'll be watching for fantastic family deals to tell the MK readers about :)
More like falling in love than something to believe in!! More like losing my heart, than giving my allegiance.
": This lady is soaking wet with hard nipples Lmfao, done."Lmfaooo, just made my day.
I see you Uptown
Trying to book me get at me
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance with Caustic Lye, When Darkness Falls, and others Doors $5 sponsored by Archetype Dermigrap
How is Illinois?
Walmart Stores Bring NASCAR Driver Appearances, Fan Events and Unique Race Time Experiences to Kansas and Missouri
Stephen #Colbert is all over #Radiohead's dick right now.
Fred's Bar tomorrow night takes over it's Ladies Night...you all should come!! It's gonna be a great show! Live Band!
Two mojitos for lunch, yes please. Sunny day getting even brighter
not afraid to say i do it bc Lil Wayne does it
one and dones mostly
Why I love
Do you do any weights?
We do all sorts of surveys. I'm just kinda in the loop w/this question.
Obama touts tough stance on illegal #immigration, calls for immigration reform.
I'm @ CRISP Pizza Bar & Lounge
Penn Quarter Condo- chic 2br/2ba, balcony, TWO-car garage parking... Coming soon. Staging in process...
Breaking News: Gaddafi has offered to leave Libya if the #Oscars will end immediately.
pls follow me back :(
off to speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena, with guitarist Paul Viapiano. Gotta beat the marathon traffic...
it LEIGH not lee
The book is amazing, and was totally worth the 7,000 tissues I used, but I understand why it would be hard to read.
Would have been nice to visit ...": Our last lockdown in Houston may be our highest level of activity in years.... Holy Shit ...
Feelin like a million bucks.
. that's right! Just in VA: 84,977 seniors have saved $49 million on Rx drugs thanks to the
Swear I just saw Rick Ross on the highway!
hahaha this had me weak when i read it... ;) alyssa is a virgin... #whydoyouthinknot?
Got my Cell Shield SM5100B from as always the red packaging box is just beautiful!
omg u're incredible*·*' I love u so so so much.
$400 to Boston is INSANE
We are huge fans of your technical service! So far so good working with you guys, plus the speed is awesome!
How did I not see that when I was younger?
Lawmakers Wade Into Partisan Dispute Over Student-Loan Interest - San Francisco Chronicle
RT": "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." —Carl Jung #TDL"
It just makes you look stupid. & once the next new hot act comes along you'll go to that one again, and the true fans will stay.
3 days until #smallbizsat! Shop Small and come and see us!
when I come to Florida , I got you . No lie
Sun chips garden salsa is so good
ok so me, Jon, and Carly Rae Jepsen are allowed over
my phone is messed up what is it little :)
No, just seeing who has.
somebody Kik me? ;)
Bike Expo today down at State Fair... head on down and register for the Ride- $5 off!
I Love How You Say It But What Does That Mean Babe ._.
messaged you on fb since i could write more than 140 characters hah. :)
Good morning everyone and Happy Friday!
Hey costume peoples - I've had a request of where to find 40's style dresses near Calvert County - College of So. MD? Thrift stores?
#eighty81 #hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E
Snoop Dogg's voice>>>
There is a place for receivers who can't catch - it's called the defense
San Diego we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
my boy I miss u Odee how u been
are you still supporting the app? saw that the forums on web are turned off...I seem to have issue getting quads to display ok
its priceless :)
On our way to Boston for PAX East! But first - waiting for the bus in Bangor.
hmm what to wear for the Cincinnati Entertainment Awards tonight? Have to try and look cool while not looking like I'm trying too hard.
Yes I have silver streaks in my hair, no I don't want dye it.
Sam freaking Dekker. Dude is gonna look great in red and white next year!
👌RT : For real though, Leticia is perfect 😍👯
Thinking about Rocky Road ice cream! ❤❤
There is a limit to what I can, but there is no limit what God can do! Believe.
: happy to sully the guest room, if you'll have me. April 11, yes?
LEBRON JAMES IS THE BIGGEST FUCKING BABY IN THE NBA! HE NEEDS TO SHUT HIS FUCKING MOUTH!
woo :P
Good luck to the boyfriend on his interview today!
Im gone to the moon
We just got fliers in at our library advertising Elie Wiesel's talk at XU next month. Did a happy dance. Anyone else going to this?
I keep thinking about how Steiner men's bball came close to winning district championship Fri against a team that beat'em by 60 last year.
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
#edtech & friends - How do you learn about new ideas for teaching? Who on Twitter most inspires & influences your pedagogy?
- great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line drop pass on the PP!
"That's a lie, Corey, in case you're too stupid" made me spit out my water. Thank you
Via stalkbook, I see one of those 'trending articles' is about gymnast Shawn Johnson losing 25 pounds. She didn't need to. Asshole people.
you are followed by someone I followed - I think. And you're in Portland.
why is this not okay chicken?
okay i sent it over
I really would like to talk to you.... about the horrors of mothers plights out here. Pamela Taylor
I know!!..And with the whole keyra hate thing. Those who hated on her cuz ppl though they were dating are pathetic.
thank u for the #ff... much appreciated!
Not really, which is just what I need!!! Have a great weekend!!!
Great hanging with you yesterday Joe!
« Im convinced that every girl that uses thr word classy to described themselves r real Ratchitty...»
#songsthatgivemegoosebumps when im gone -eminem
Going to see Girl w Dragon tattoo:). Bring on the popcorn!
Placed my first order today! Can't wait until it arrives!
A stopped clock is always right.
Championships, baby. But offense is more fun to watch.
I'm jealous of him Chad. He gets to work next to greatness all day. Good news for you, Kovalchuk is out tonight.
Please follow me on Instagram () :-) I'll follow you back!
Its the damn baby brigade at the dog park today..ish!!
Does anyone know how to change there ring back tone for when people call?
you contacted me remember? asking to stop talking. I never said she was not hardworking. Am I not entitled 2 have an opinion?
Tweetup is this evening starting around 6pm at Totally casual. Just hang out time. Join us!
by the end of "Baby on Board," the company will have learned that being kind to your fellow man is more important than money
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this! Thank you for the reminder as I get everything set up for my business! love the #PIOP philosophy
Sam needs to fight and not hide from Lilly That's why white people talk big and do nothing
my Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...75 days left as an unmarried woman!
Too bad you can't order pre-order singles from Amazon MP3 store
I'm working on that as well. I'm interested to learn about the tools you use to retrieve data through the Twitter API. Ruby?
you're welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed the game. Just landed at Midway. Camp was great. Will have tons of stories tomorrow
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
That awkward moment when you get unfollowed by one of your favorite people, unbeknownst to them obviously.
If I wanted to follow you, I think I would have done it by now. Some people need to learn they aren't that popular.
I hear ya!
Well option two is not gonna affect your health so yeah go with #2 and shoot the link ;-)
what???? That's crazy! You can always come chill here if you need to.
These are the hidden perks aren't they?
#BuckeyeNation wants !!! Great things will happen with you as a Buckeye. Look forward to your decision.
thank you!
Can't I just be skinny cause I'm a nice person? Do I have to work out?? I look SO stupid weight lifting.. not to mention running.. fml
4 days away. Project road trip begins Friday night.
I can't that Mr. Conservative is actually tweeting.....well, don't get use to it!
almost dropped you in cheerleading today.
That awkward moment where you are standing by your crush and the hallway gets filled with kids and you guys have to stand even closer.....
Don’t forget to stop by Sleep Experts (2701 Parker Rd) today from 6-7p for your chance to win Round Rock Express tickets!
What motivates you??
Change Your Environment to Change Your Life
#MyFavoriteSongis Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift, that's a legit song!!!
Just saw you on #twittamentary it is great dude
Butter poached shrimp with heirloom cornmeal crepes, chanterelles, melted onion, smoked tomato, and feta
Going to be a douchebag and sport my IB sweatshirt for SATs. People will think I'm smart and then copy off of me. Then I'll laugh.
Today is a good day :-)
Lots of ppl go the curriculum route n put a lot of thought in2 that. Unschooling even stranger.
AND BI's comparison is important based on premise that GDP/hours worked is a valid measure of a country's productivity.
Pick, pass, back screen, pass, pass...arrange those in any order as many times as you want then put #ISO for #Melo at the end..
its cold in my house.
your welcome
Big, comforting hugs to you and yours.
#RelationshipsAre 2 ppl trapped on an island hunting eachother for sport
If Somebodyy Say Y.O.L.O One More Time....!
#itstimeforyoutorealize national Bieber day is a real holiday.
I fell victim to that today. Started receiving random texts. Are you going to any games, this weekend
Watching #thekilling before bed is never a good idea
to all the girls that call guys a douche bag. do you know the actual meaning? if you did...youd reconsider using the term "douche bag"
"life could be sweet but life is so cruel cause I let it be"
I kind of don't care that Minecraft is coming to Xbox 360. I already have FortressCraft, which is quite fun.
Welcome to Twitter. Do we get anything for being your first follower?
So bored in homeroom class -.-
Snow storm isn't stopping us from renting at the lovely Belden Stratford. Come in to view our newly renovated apartments.
Get after it!
good point; the guide doesn't really try to document search responses since they are decidedly second class (in notes at top)
I miss you too baby! I need my Tritown girls back.
Happy Mayday! go celebrate by picking up the newest issue of featuring on page 13! With picture!
Plus, this is a very easy diet to follow, at least in my view
have you guys heard I "Quiettube?" it's YouTube w/out all the background and shows up really well on QR codes?
cant you tell ... im crazy over you?
Happy New Year can't wait to see what you guys bring to 2011!
haha, never start on just a foot, jump n land with both feet,
Hello to you all! I look forward to chatting
8 planes in February so far. 4 to go.
All I want to do is dive into my summer reading list. But alas, I still have one more paper to write for grad school. So very frustrating!
Oh I didn't catch up on tweets until now. It's my turn to giggle :))))
“: Twitter Over Capacity? Rick Ross must have logged in.” dang
Congratulations!! I love you guys!! Can't wait for details!!
looks like it to me I love the page
Found amazing bridesmaid gifts for great prices! Customized clutches & jewelry for my girls
Type "Let it snow" for some Google snow. And defrost.
Endlessly fascinating and horrifying. She kills us until we see that we die, then kills herself. One of best sphinxes ever.
well I did so ha. Celeste, Cilla, and Sebastian saw me do it.
Sorry, it sounds like you are having a bad day.
No new mentions..
Meeting someone in the wierdest way, then they are a huge part of your life.
Meaning it's difficult to compare military hospitals to civilian ones
#2011regrets None. Sad to say some were bad, but no regrets because whatever decisions I made, satisfied me at that specific moment and time
The lord saw me throw another shift... We lost a sweet woman last night and even the short time I knew her it was a blessing <3
I Have So Much To Do Between Today & Tomorrow... Smh
Looking For The Haircut Of your Life Call US 305.866.1940 Best Barbershop in Miami The Shave Barbershop!
Long chat giving a teen database instruction ends w/ her asking "Life skills survey, Burger King or McDonalds?"
. Find a way to get (indie) booksellers involved, and I can't imagine a more powerful ménage a trois... ;)
"you just hear 'for sparta!' And the coyotes break in haha" "why would they be doing it for sparta?"
can't wait! I'll play the snaps!
Oh yeah. I thought you meant recently or something
Life is good...considering the alternative.
What happened to Pablo Sanchez? He was such a promising young athlete
Hell yeah its dope! Im going to be seeing him in NY for EDC
the song that makes me happy right now is KNEE DEEP by the Zac Brown Band, featuring Jimmy Buffett - listening over and over
students can support educational mission 2 overcome #prejudice #intolerance #bigotry.Join student assn
heyy im back
Uh no RT Best media strategy in sports? Bar none UFC Is killing it Just might be the model for sports teams to follow
yeahh. I'm okay. Just gonna sleep it off
It's a fine line... Lol
Time for my good church nap
yes.i am a #directioner. i sing their songs randomly in the middle of class. so what? they are beautiful. #onedirection <3
awh, thankyou! :) 💗I'm really sick. I have a fever 😓
funny guy and a heart of gold?
that's terrible!
Depending on what you use your phone for, the advantages of iOS often outweigh the awesome things in Android.
Still trying to get north of D.C. Making progress.
#ConfessionNight I'm from Arizona!!!!
The reason they all choose Adam Levine over Christina Aguilera is they want a coach that had a career not 15 minutes of fame.
i just added u on roc. wow!! u have sum clean ass mixes and nice melodies and rythms. i like it
There is a fog springing from dew to cool air this evening...
Thanks for all of your support Dave! RT : Awesome meeting of the minds w/ team tonight! Great things in store.
I am way behind, but it is fine.
that sounded reeeeallllyyy wrong lol . i think is creeped out :P
okay!!! Maybe Friday I can :)
LOL but u don't go downtown :p. thannks HAPPY *almost belated* EASTER TO YOU GUYS TOO ^.^
THEY DONT NEED TO KNOW♥
The shows today at QVC were stupendous!
That Tweet Was Dumb As Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit , I Swear .
he decided not to come on until eleven, show started at 7. We left at ten thirty so we didn't even see him!
Blended learning is not about the tech, but about sustainable, holistic instruction.
LMFAO! XD Don't you just hate random boners? xD
Welcome to Portland! Let me know if you want some sweet photos done while you're here!
No Inge..where have I heard that one before? Oh yeah, #Tigers didn't have Inge offensively the last three years before he left
#FooFighters brought on Butch Vig, cool, long live Seattle grunge!
I wanna get my belly pierced, like right now C;
Oh I want a crave cup :)
Why do you continue to teach the period before break ?
Thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour Mai Tais!
big up the mavs!!!
Damn dude u c Nikita last night? It was awesome. It also got renewed.
two killer shows in one week! hope you and Julia enjoyed MKE and hanging with all the come back soon, please!
if i was keef, i'd take the free verses and co-signs but wouldn't sign with ANY of them dudes.
Q: How do you make a day-laborer cry? A: Offering them an unrequested, ice-cold Dos Equis seems to do it, apparently... (whoops)
& 2 girls have taken over
come to my festival this saturday
flies should not be the size of quarters
I want to learn at #slbootcamp to take ees who only know f2f learning to social and mobile learning and how I can iuse ipad2 in training
this is a rough inning.... ouch.
hectic week ahead.
Of course the game is rigged. Don’t let that stop you – if you don’
:) Hey is there going to be basketball tryouts this year in school?
well a girl with junk in her trunk driving a dump truck its awesome ur gonna cause accident lol
This was fun, until Twitter just put a limit on me...okay okay okay...stay positive...I positively hate limits!
Holy crap, y'all.
Please check out my Gameboy games and systems for sale on eBay if you are into that kind of thing. Search reedy9er - thanks a lot!
Guys are so predictle -.- , They think their foolin ' everybody , well sweetie your not foolin ' me (;
If ever there was a time to use apostrophes, that was it. Surely, your phone has buttons for that sort of thing. No auto-correct?
wsup with u? How r u?
1yr ago-Death, Broken home, GainingFriends, TrueFriends, Streets, Tears, Cuts.. Today-Memories, Scars, Fights, Losing Friends, FakeFriends..
Nice to meet you. What part Michigan are you from?
In-Ko-Pah = "Place of the Mountain People" Bike through Valley of the Moon and find the Elliot mine and Smuggler's Cave....
That's good, yu get that paper sweety =) I thought I show love to ya
Goodmorning! Everyone have a great day! (:
Im sleepin butt necked 2nite! u only turn 16 once
please don't do that. U r a Beautiful person. I would like for u to continue to follow. Be happy!
Were there rumors in TN about his off the field antics?? Sad all the way around.
Oh lol okay
Put a starter in to close the game, Jesus Christ. Bullpen can't do shit.
How Are You? =3
#Monday Mention
March Madness Specials in Mammoth! Come stay with us. We have only a few units left for this week-end.
I just did when tweeted xD
you guys are awesome - have a great weekend!
Who else is watching the #BigGame today?? We have to say, our favorite commercials so far are the VW commercials! What's yours?
your tattoo is still so bad ass!
if i was to fuck with anyone in show biz it'd be jennifer lopez and puffy u know this! sorry puff but i dont give a fuck if this chick...
Do you have Timberlakes cell?
That was epic ... I have no idea what just happened with that. Mind blown.
Members from Argentina, Turkey, and India at #AIIP2009. Awesome!
The Nonce-"Bus Stops" was the 1st new 12" I ever bought. Had a dope Bside called "Who falls apart" +an Aceyalone intro.
Cheers to and Great #SDMNOmothersday event last night ladies So excited about my goodies :)
lol just say it :P
Today is already ruined! Great fucking way to start out the day all thanks to my mom, should've expected this.. leaving later for dinner.
Jonny Bones sir. He's on a roll. Im thinking Shad = past prime. #UFC RT : Who is winning, evans or jones?
Thanks for posting this! Love this shot! I will share it with Hector.
That's why I love JunOS.
And??? Lol RT : Oh my... It's 740!! RT I just wanna cum on my "baby daddy's" dick abt 4 X's then take a nap
T-mobile service in my parents house is horrible SMH.
yep “: I actually really like the Tywin/Arya scenes. Good chemistry #GameOfThrones #AManWithoutHonor”
You like Wells or Bell better? Thx for landing me in 2 FFB Superbowls this weekend!!!
Now some other chick goin get the man I was soppose to marry oneday smh
then let's make it happen.
No, but that's a fascinating idea. Wonder if it could be built out algorithmically from a big corpus of newspaper articles.
#444 how long have u been a fan of the wanted??
About to see BARE, produce by at
thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Nice video!
I appreciate that, and we do appreciate your thoughts on this one, too.
that's a staple of every 40yr old Mexican guy at the gym.
Chabala is getting dropped from my fantasy team on principle.
I knew that
I know, on the other line of the text you are smiling, you might not be smiling on your face, but in your mind you are :) .
When I fall, I fall hard.
hello, I am on Twitter, please follow me so I have a follower
Guess the markets being closed today is not so bad after all.
“Great dancers aren't great because of their technique; they are great because of their passion.”
thank you so much for the shoutout!!! ♥♥ ♥Bretana♥
Stay tuned for an upcoming article regarding Expansive Soils Analysis and potential client benefits.
Successful shopping day 👏👠💰
Aw, I didn't know she was a teacher? Lol!
RT : DOUBLE FAIL just found out mucky pup is playing in NJ with... DOG EAT DOG.
Omg! Food is horrible at this banquet! It's cold! The chicken is COLD!!
On this day in 1861, a riot erupted in Baltimore as the 6th Mass came through town, & Pres Lincoln declared a blockade of southern states.
"WHO ME?" feat. produced by - "I SUPPORT MY CITY vol. 2" 07.06.10 -- get up on that immediately
. I don't know what the kids think after the year is over, but I do know that I've been available each night this week as we wrap up.
car shopping/ test driving!!!
Hey I keep getting malware warnings when I try to visit your site, and just now something tried to download to my Mac!
But it's good to be careful, especially in G. City. Some neighborhoods are rougher than others, it's good to have a guide...
Good Morning!!! On my way to the gym to get it in... Then I have shed on some new music! I am ON ONE TODAY PEOPLE!!!!
Am shooting bricks with this thunder & lights, & the lights went out at my casa-_-
today is friday...listening to "cheers to freakin weekend"
I thought "RIGHT TURN ONLY" meant right turns only allowed. Funny driver ahead keeping us all waiting...
#HappyFriday to all the #Sportsbiz people!
What’s the opposite of opposite?
I guess my red converse aren't so lucky after all
Does anyone out there watch #DanceMomsMiami? I'm a new fan now.
Tar Heels on a 15-0 run!
Hate friends that copy everything you do
Philadelphia continues to struggle as an old foe haunts them again
JU Dolphins 2012 Spring Game is tomorrow at 1pm at DB Milne Field!
Even though I'm on my own, I know I'm not alone because I know there's someone, somehwere praying that I make it home.
So Insane - Smash Mouth
My dad is such a trip.
in the classroom i believe!
A special Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow "single" parents, who are both mother & father. I hope your day is as wonderful as mine :)
Thanks sister
You don't look a tweet over 10,000. RT 15,000 Tweets. God help me.
The moment when you feel like your nothing and just done but dont wanna give up because you love that person to much to let go</3
Auto Glass Experts, still A clear choice for all your auto glass needs. 414-409-7263. FREE mobile service with 25miles of MKE. CC ok
Tell Mintz-Plasse to follow me cause i told him he has not got to it DM him please
That's sucks. My ma went through it to. Positive energy
#nowplaying Herbie Hancock, Live at The Berlin Jazz Fest - 1999. Wow!
hahahhaha i know EXACTLY what you mean because guess what I ate all the bread 2 hrs ago so pancakes it is!!! LOLOL
There are 2 things to aim for in life- 1st to get what you want and after that to enjoy it!
♫ pop it on the ground...make me roll on it ♫
Pacific, you need to stop cutting grass and blowing leaves at 9AM. I really would enjoy one more hour of sleep
Jayda, You, Makayla, and I are hanging out after Makayla gets off work. :D
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.~J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
your not perfect so that is expected...we all do something wrong! Keep ur head up
i need more followers on tumblr,i follow back:-)
Awesome that you took the next step. It's hard work but I know you'll love training for it.
oh ok
Haha it gets addicting (:
I miss you most when i try to act like i dont care.
If anyone has questions for Clark Gregg (aka Agent Phil Coulson) you'd like answered, shoot 'em my way. I'm interviewing him in a few hours.
After months of flinging my iPhone across the gym by accidentally snagging my earbud wires, I finally got a set of bluetooth headphones. <3
Cait if its ok with you next time Luke is in town im paying for everything at DGI until he passes out
One hour til tip-off for Memphia vs LA Clippers. Blake Griffin and Chris Paul scheduled to play.
yeah me too :/ lol
Pretty sure he dropped off the face of the earth. But it looks like he's coming back in the movie Battleship this year.
Sunday afternoon naps = perfection
We got all the menus in yesterday for #fEASTival! Everyone better come hungry May 19th cause you will not want to miss what's cooking up!
Now officially addicted to
just had recruiter say: I can't fit you in a box so don't know how to work with you..yep, that post spoke to me..Happy Monday!
Knowing their affinity for those ESPN games, if ESPN needed 3 a.m. programming to follow World's Strongest Man, they'd be for it.
Your octopus are gorgeous!
Huff, the that I love to hate.
sweet dreams everyone and good luck to everyone taking the AP test tomorrow :)
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Acquires Twitter Analytics Startup SocialGrapple
I was involved in little league games that were played better than tonight. Ug. Ly.
ohh my god carly that looks so good! I'm so jealous that I can't do this!
no one realizes they were pretty doing the same b4 the earth quake why now is it cool to care bcuz mtv says so grow balls and a brain
congrats im crying like crazy
Or just jealous! Like me... (wishing I was eating a Tagalong)
Being so in love with someone that it makes you wanna cry every time you have to leave their side even though you were there for hours
60% of all social media consulting revenue is probably derived from fixing the "results" of wannabe experts' advice.
can't just tell me, cool !
Need something to occupy my time till Elder Scrolls V comes out..
Need a term analogous to "Rick roll" that applies to careless whisper. I'm never gonna dance again, the way I danced with you.
Will do.
I need a bike
lol, me too!
If my friends can easily do without me when I'm bad, I can easily do without them when I feel good.
My overall book reading has slowed down for August. WTF is going on???
We have a limited number of the new #iPad in stock in MIllersville & Lanham. Call to reserve yours! Millersville is open 9-1 Saturday
This makes me sad. You are such age nervous person with your time, talent and prayers, how could someone ignore you? Hugs.
its not too late
#harlem Calling all artists, musicians, dj's, & creative types. Please join us tomorrow for Unleash Your Creative Voice and Meet the Artist
It's called a joke guys.
I can't I am baking my mom a bday cake! RT : U should come see me
New video later today!
No problem! Thanks for your retweets. Have a great week and hang in there!
it's only slightly less than 82 degrees back in Syr
yes! hahahah. i think he lives like 7 or 8 hours away from me now.
awesome! thanks for that!
Go get one! lol <3 I love you! :D
'Boyfriend' was on TV and my little brother grabbed the remote and put Jake and The Neverland Pirates on... REALLY???
I just got the pictures today. I will post them as soon as I can on the Facebook fan page.
you mean when you said lobbsters?
So much a person can take
By the way, I know exactly what my last tweet said.
"America's Shittiest Kid"
Ikr! Dis Weak Ass Milwaukee Niggas Took His Life. Bum Ass Niggas Man
Great job Mark and staff on the scoop! RT : Koenig commits to Badgers, story on wissports.net
TGIF!!! Now, coffee.
let's go new York Knicks we need this win..
Lucie Guibault said Europeana held "hackathons" to improve the database. Let's hold an "Orphanathon" to craft principles!
So, #Astros are playing in Milwaukee tonight. Anyone know if that is a home or away game for HOU?!? [and yes I know what I just tweeted...]
Friendship is as delicate as glass – once broken, it can be fixed, but there will always be cracks
NO CONFIDENCE in AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey - AZ GOP Leadership NOT following Roberts Rules at State Convention -
Sorry I haven't been on for a while guys! I had some trouble with my internet :/
was just there a couple of weeks ago. not as amazing as a few years before. (think i already tipped off )
NO!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!! I can't believe it. I was just informed that #DonnaSummer died!!!! WHAT!!!?
I know, I miss you too! When can I see you again?!
do you have your daughter this weekend ?
Enjoy your last few minutes of zombie-free living before you spend all your time this week reading about The Walking Dead on
That awkward moment when Badgers get drafted and you're conflicted about rooting for them when they're not Packers.
Just had 2 ppl recommend a boxed wine at trader joes.. Equivalent to 4 bottles and only $10.. Should be an enjoyable experiment
JDI just trained advocates in WY. One said “As an aspiring therapist, this was eye-opening. I hope I can help the way you all do.”
after JCP let's send him to the DMV
nawwww when he died?
Congrats! That's pretty badass.
Not regular ink. But "EDIBLE INK" is edible (used for cake decoration and is a special formulation of food coloring)
Shapco printing did ours for Shout Out St. Kate's. Excellent job. Highly recommend them.
Hot Power Flow Yoga on the horizon.
A week until school starts. Eff that
Down to Earth by , Covered by <33
Nice story on reality check thanks
from now on, I'm tagging both of you in every instagram photo I take. Bc I love you :)
I think he should dm me back</3 Haha
please follow me :)
Thanks for mention! :)
Trying to make us all jealous?
Bosh hurt his groin might be out the rest of the game.
where are u from?
My window in my car just broke, so mom is now driving me to work. Things keep getting better and better...
RT: Talking with 's newest hire Isaac Hartstein. Interfolio grows! And welcome Charlie and Melissa!
a few more months on this contract. I am so done with this phone
hopefully your patient doesn't see this :)
If u follow me, then I will
yes. yes i do
gahh i have a show :/ what about tues?
(but 4E remains under the control of , who's not ready to leave the blogosphere just yet)
“: Why was #SOPA left off the memoriam bit? #Oscars”
I'm smiling and telling everyone how bruised my finger :D haha I love making people laugh <3
only when I am nervous.
definitely. The good news is that is going tonight.
Q: Do you worry that this will become a political tool?
"everytime I come in the kitchen , YOU in the kitchen .. In the got damn refrigerator!"
Absolutely beautiful out today.... and it snowed yesterday.
: I know how you feel being short isn't always easy.
don't expect to hear from on #Trayvon. She's busy persecuting young women with new shit-for-brains anti-choice laws.
Happy birthday Grandmaa
I CUNT SEE YOU ANYMORE WE THREW
you called that last year
Sorry I skipped a day, double up time. He's not complaining ha
lol we tried ! ALOT niggas just don't know basketball *shrugs*
Its been raining for the last few days. Plz let the sun come out now
i miss basketball
There's gonna be traces of my lipstick on his neck (;
. What opens .sgstn files? And is anyone providing a dictionary to decrypt the stegonographers' shorthand?
My damn head hurt like raw dick in a virgin o.0
Go on skype now we need to talk!
RT if you love Austin Mahone
the iPad is open!
Aladdin and Peter pan was and is my Disney crushes
o me to
“: Best friend time with !!! Getting our nails done for prom! I have the best prom date ever!! 😊😉”
its pretty obvious
ooh, I bought that today. Loved Queen of Shadows with the Austin setting. If only it were real...
Those hills were no joke, but and I survived the Austin half!
Its been a while, here we go! Life is good, work your ass off and enjoy it!
hey hey :)
No romance, no talkin, just sex
These pro-bowlers have worked their tails off all year to come to Hawaii and not give a rat's ass.
Thinking about the advice :: take for granted ∃ dimensions we don't have access to. Take as also true :: in each (topographic) civilizations
I respect a LOT he's one of my fav #NFL voices but if he jumped the gun on Shockey accusation he needs to come clean.
Its way too hot outsidee >.<
Alex or Phillips?
Tweeting during a social media lecture is so meta! RT w B Driving Biz w Social Media
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club &amp; have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
Who's the lovely lady in the old photo on your background?
miss you salon!!!! Come see us soon!!
Can we keep Lucroy at 2nd in lineup?
#ff I pant after these women
RIGHT BACK ATCHA! RT : Two more
Thanks for following #RVA #history lover!
i Wonder if i would still luk coo if i turnd my twists into shakable dreads
I grew up in here, so got to love it too ;-)
I love that i just saw a college football ad on #fox during the #Daytona500! Its only 7 months away. Dont want it to sneak up.
I hire you if I was running TNA.
haha good size and he can climb the ladder...dudes a player
Girl u r the best! Ride it till the wheels fall off. You're all good in Seattle.
Zapata, no you just looked like some one I knew.. Britney Spears?
Tomorrow you can start celebrating MT Not making this up, May is National Hamburger Month.
G+ grampuh.jerry
Happy Easter to all! Hope you have a beautiful weekend with family and friends.
no problem
This paper will never end... #:/
im going to be Really Sexy for the AVN!!
fox 59 just posted something about it on facebook.
No matter how much I tell myself , I won't lose control. One look in your hazel eyes & suddenly my heart can't tell you no.
Its official!! Makes the best imagines ive seen so far!!
We're supposed to hate her? I read the little thing in NYMag about her and was like, "OK."
And we both have strange throat pains that started a few days ago lol if I die, blame my sister.
ELMO ALL THE WAY :D
Yay! How'd it go?
So its true, I'm old and don't know my acronyms anymore. ;)
Hi Kat! Thanks for the nice compliment! Focused on evening now, #weddinggowns not far in the future!!! Is it your wedding?
oh really
I can't wait to hear watcha think!
too much energy drinks andcoffee.. F
I should pay more attention to twitter. Poor twitter.
one of my favs
I found out today that my wife and I are having a baby boy. Yeah! He'll arrive sometime in September.
My peoples mad
Mel!!!! Thanks for the follow!
The Twestival is coming back to Boulder. Stay tuned for more details..., It's gonna be even better than the last one.
Black widow at his house. He is resting now and doing okay. Got to get some sleep. Thank you everyone! :-)
why are we learning this?
Happy Sunday! Football or something...else (preferably something you can drink a beer while you do it)?
hard to say no
"don't want people to disturb my zen-like state" ha ha!
glad you no longer play for the #Rockies. Disgusted by your pathetic play. Have fun in Cleveland. Loser!!
Never mind my last tweet. Just got confirmation email that I'm registered for webinars! THANKYOU!
I'm at 70 followers, which is kind of exciting.
When Blevins gives you the death stare in the hall when you say hey...
If you think you have a foreign body in your eye and the irritation persists longer than a day, Visit the doctor to get it checked.
Who do you think will win today's Super Bowl -- the New England Patriots or the New York Giants?
Hell nah! He was way too far out to take that! Lol
Friends of Chamber Music presents Calder Quartet Classic Series tonight in Lincoln Performance Hall at 7:30PM.
Stuck in downtown Naperville, IL, all day. Downtown N'Ville is nice, but it's overrun w/ 13-15yr old girls. Surprised R. Kelly isn't here.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus
Off to NYC.
it is funny comparing your account of game vs about Espinosa getting fouled
ehh kinda. What do u mean nickname?
it just became the even HAPPIER than Happiest Place on Earth! :)
I Am What I Am a #Rusher Get used to it!
it's a virus its sending everyone tht it's fake it's nothing wallah☺
we need to start a grass roots campaign to get you verified.
I'm really sick of in your face atheism. OH, your an atheist? Huh, I'm sorry I forgot I was supposed to care.
(Winston Churchill) Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
If you didn't see already, is doing a shoot with today at 2pm starting at the Little Italy stop. Join us!
aww now that is cute and thats why i followed u and thats why i RT this so i can hear ur voice :)
! Thank you for the amazing support of our up coming gala!
Take a look at The International Poker Rule #57.2 www.FIDPA.com
lol i <3 skittles.. and m&m's
Organically Grown ghd Wellness Food « Blogging Social: You can find natural health food selections in seasonings too which will unque...
wow... I thought you were going? Its obv you're avoiding me now. and I NEVER once mentioned your name in that.. soo
Wow! Just amazing....makes me sad I missed it! But I think it means Gingrich's got SC in his hand...
Watching movies about the slave trade <
hey justin when will the belibertour?
I mean, there are rules about what you're supposed to use it on, but everyone always breaks them.
nice tree.
Omg kill me this overnight will never end. :(
"Ijazah is like a certification to practice medicine, it is not a certificate of your own health." -Shaykh al-Hadith Mawlana Zakariya (R)
That doesnt sound good. :/
Amid iPhone 5 Rumors and iPhone 4 Price Slashing, Totem Encourages iPhone 4 Owners to Sell Now to Get Top Dollar
Nice! How do you find out about these teams? Pulse?
College students! Going to any NYC concerts or shows this spring/summer? Festivals? Let us know when and where!
Goodnight practice tweet-ers. Hope I see you in my feed tomorrow!
sometimes I have to fake it.
I know her vocals are amazing!
#rimshot RT : Just encountered a fox on And I don't mean the girl from Edgewater who jogs by every morning.
Some pol just be talking
Doing the #TalentShow at my school and my talent is DANCING im soo siked to dance making up my routine rite now
Sweet :) I'd love to visit brasil :P
Accidentally threw something away. Now debating digging through a potentially rat-infested trash can outside my building. Ah, such is life.
Thanks for the plug, Marco; it's appreciated!
Anyone watch football?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Today feel like it should be Thursday!
i am so in love with him right. Now.
OKOKOK hear me out. Philly shot 59% as a team tonight... That is unheard of for Philly. I think we'll be alright. But what do I know?
Baylor Bears Breaking Bad?
I know and Liam Neeson has to totally say it in his TAKEN voice.
RT : Attorney just followed me on twitter
Colorado: Where media can emphatically use the word DUMP and nobody bats an eye.
not very happy to think that being SAG-E doesn't mean much anymore.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Becaus Im gona stop when i die.Noo im still going to take care of him when i go to heaven.
I hate today already
Haha I know... One of the many things that bugs engineers :)
