Hospitals pressured to end free baby formula
Do people backpack the US?
prefers well-written and passionate writing to just passionate writing (Wants fewer rants, more essays) -
Babyy we met almost a yr ago nd I'm glad we did<3 your my better half nd the love of my life 10.28.10<3
FREE Xocollati tasting at the Chocolate Library today until 5:00 PM!!! 111 St Marks Place btw. 1st Avenue and Avenue A.
Somebody please pick pretty boy swag as their walk up song
you made that name for yourself. No one gave you that name.
liar and protected by a gang of liars.
When I heard "Cleveland bridge" I instantly thought somethign DT or the 480/Valley View. Glad FBI is watching regardless.
nice so this is the final week?
(Tonight) - SNL with DJ's FlightPhonic + Inspex & New Lotus Dance Team @ Lotus Nightclub - ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Fuuuuuuck. My. Life.
If you're ever in Cincinnati and want some jamaican food, check out Island Fridays. You won't be disappointed!
Watching America's Next Top Model . I Love Azmarie ! She's Definetly My Favorite ! c;
whoever invented "homework" i want to slap in the face right now
Me too. I'm jldurant.
After playing the Dinosaur Train theme song to friend at work, he says "OK, I would not rock this on the regular."
Enjoying dinner and beers with & - Love #outoftownguests ^aef
what's up
guac, hell. or is that not what you meant by green... :)
I did the fitness test for Insanity !!!! Lawd I have some work todo!
RT : You love You speak Spanish. is the most exciting thing to happen to you today. cc:
A house is not a home without a dog...
's song for , "blessings" is absolutely amazing. <3
we all miss jeff conaway and his many stints in celeb rehab...I feel ur pain
About to see Toys Story 3 at Cinerama, surrounded by kids, wii!
Teaching at #sagaftra tonight! Come on out and learn a social networking strategy to be remembered.
Real estate photography could have been good a few years back... Some photogs are doing virtual tours now though, which is cool.
really? too funny! We were sitting at the bar. where were you?
Snowbound in Albuquerque? Come on over to the Ramada Hotel on Eubank - we have plenty of rooms - Sadie's & the Owl Cafe on-site.
"If I should tumble, if I should fall would anyone hear me screaming behind these castle walls?"
I'd say so!
not my style but they are good, how do you find these bands?
New apartment complex in works in West Campus
Quick-tempered leaders are like mad dogs-cross them and they bite your head off. Prov. 20:2 MSG
PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFFL
Start work on the 18th :)
Had fun hanging out w/ 's Safe travels!
Or antlers.
What an ugly game, love the defense like always, one quarter to go, need this win.
RT : lol most actors are tho RT : RT : Vince Vaughn never has to act. He is the same guy in every movie.
fair point but andy reid thinks he can resurrect anyones career after vick
The River got pretty good toward the end RT ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River. Details to come...
Only a twenty minute workout but it was one of the toughest work outs I've ever done.
Waiting for my flight. Can't wait to check in at #fsdallas, where I passed the exam!
pricing is still basic: free to dev, $100/mo to go live; lower-tier price for smaller sites coming in the next couple months.
Love when people slam bus doors in my face
KD too cold
I like white people things, ya know what I'm sayin'?
had a great weekend! Ventured to Chicago, saw the dinosaurs & the eyeball. What a great day to act like a tourist :)
Getting lei'ed today?
If you do, Put it on twitter(:
Good Night! Long day tmrrw!
Also, the general consensus seems to be that I'm the surprise of the show ... heh.
It's hard to cook on #humpday! Let us cook you dinner tonight and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I miss Lola.
Got home from dance, started homework, fell asleep, just woke up. It's 1:07am and my homework's still not done -__- #AwwwwMAN!
!!!! RT : I'm fully convinced I'm hilarious.
sick thanks! Where r u from?
Hey Patty...hope everyone is doing well!
librarians: enough w/the social media conference sessions! there's plenty of resources on doing it right & nothing revolutionary to report.
I really like it... a lot!
I guess , but no cheese sauce ! Lol . They're losing pussy points ! (:
that was sick.. The first one was like wow then the 2nd
Right after Austin tweeted me, some mahomies started tweeting me lol
Ok maybe it's not springs fault. I feel deathly ill this morning. Someone turn the clock back
New whip getting delivered tomorrow tho.
Coach Macedo will be speaking on Practice Drills, Quick Hitters, and Special Situations at the clinic.
it irritates me when girls are like "i love justin! omg boyfriend is amazing" Like no, if you havent been here through it ALL get lost.
I dont wanna work today but i need the money.
Used to wrk for a Fortune 50 co. and it slipped that they "spy" on you on FB. I tell that story, and usually people understand.
If ur home isn't fun while ur kids are growing up, don't be surprised if they don't come back often when they're grown. Love your kids now!
How much cheese is too much cheese?
Folks be ugly on twitter
Yes! I wanted to shout "hell yeah!" I know I'm not the only one. Maybe I follow too many new-age folk :) cc:
Throwing your phone in anger , then checking if its still okay.
I'm hella tired for not going to school tomorrow.
Wait, there's a show, too? Awesome!
Now taking bands for my roster!!! Email me at !!!
Can't wait for school to be over
AH RNG CRU just followed me! Now I just got to get beautiful Bailey to follow me(:
Don't sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
we better or I'm going to start answering them all and it's confusing some times
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
No problem!! (:
How many people are filling out a #MarchMadness bracket this year? Call the biggest upset!
watched sweeney todd last night. not bad for the musical horror genre.
Thanks Jimmy!!
I got way too sunburned last night.
It's always an adventure with Polly! And you've GOT to love her!!!
need to sort out the pay to play issue if we are going to provide a level playing field for all players to have chance to go pro
really... Well welcome to the family
Next month, going to spend a couple weeks in the mountains, lol
She had forgot how good the head was
I swear when I have 3 bars of 3G on my phone nothing works.
Pick cat up. Cat climbs back. Pick cat up. Cat climbs back. Infinite floor-lap loop.
Ur welcome--enjoy your time away! RT : thanks for encouraging me to spread my wings in tweetville.
tx for the mentions!! love your #oceans!
There's no one like you Can speak to my heart It's just a shame we worlds apart I'm too shy to ask
Now Syracuse? What is this world turning into?
People don't change, situations do, people just learn to adapt.
it was a powerful show.taking the country back
Anymore Shout outs anyone? HMU
Nice! Cannot wait to see it!
Girl, preach!
"Super Tuesday we'll be stretched but we're gonna find a way" -- Romney, on sending his many sons on the campaign trail
The Clovers Love Love Love Atlantic 1094 B - hallmark card studio 2011
Today is so not gunna be my day !-_-
damn you're so meta
Why yes my super did offer me a blunt just now
I'm gonna go wit my mom tonight (Happy Mother's Day Mom) CELTICS lets go!
the sad part is you dont even have to mention which roommate...
I hate school.
Bears > Packers.
tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream.
Little by little..I'll get over him:b It takes time/: I still hope he does keep his pinky promise and goes to my track meet on Friday<3'
Yeah, I'll take that win.
just let me know what the plan is, yo! Have a fantastic day. Thanks for the invite!
Of course neither of them have played, but may still be worth noting.
Church tomorrow
so what's good on the west coast!?! jealous you're in the sun - its too cold out here !
what a coinky-dink that you would message me when I am on my break from class smoking a pfunk and vintage shopping!!
Dude, these guys in Marsana are pretty rad.
wow! well well you know where to find us!
Watching #LawrenceODonnell & this Friess cat is a nut.
Isn't it cool?? I haven't had time to watch the whole thing, but the look is amazing.
I ran at leasr 100 ft. And got super tired... Thats sad.
Bell is single handily keeping uofl in this. Pass the ball son
YAY!! I'm happy to share my birthday with a little Wygle Lady! ;) Congrats!!
just gave a shout out to UK basketball
Hot yoga this morning...walked out and Atlanta weather felt like a cool breeze!
Let's be honest, I would be friends with anyone from lost. Even Ben.
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you <3 xx
costume secured, bike ready, winter clothing layered.... it's snow melt winter ale time!
What better place to watch the draft than the GREENE TURTLE?? We have so many TV's you won't miss a second...
finished up a new hot osng with Kalii earlier today now working on another song before i leave the crib!!!
world of chem = my text ringtone & bill nye = ringtone
for sure girl 👌
pshh u know there's always scalpers at the door ;)
you wish! :P
The word "Mulligan" sounds like the name of a whimsical cartoon seagull.
Just got out of the doctor :)
Just followed 5 of my family members;)
San Diego and you?
yeah..but this is sarah and meg we are talking about here.. not just people!
All I want is for my legs not to get crushed while on an airplane. Is that too much to ask?
T minus 24 hours till
Twitter suggested I follow Scott Hartnell. No thanks I would rather throw myself into a pit of snakes and/or fire.
I think our next episode should involve a vacation...
Polish festival in Tremont, Geauga county fair, air show.....busy busy weekend!! :D
Why did I waste my time.
Time for some #JustifedFX! Then shower. Then beddy bye.
#ificouldwishforanything I would 4 witney Houston to be alive she such an inspiration and a beautiful lady. I luv u witney
Such a beautiful 4th of July weekend! Hope everyone enjoyed the weather!
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
I was under the impression it was Spring...why is it 46 degrees??
You mean wife?
Check out for a free book on how to increase #golfmemberships at your course!
as whip
Update on Shale Gas Revolution, pt. 1
Two big shows next week: Friday w/ and then Sat. at Toad in Cambridge.
- not something i would do to an 82 Margaux....perhaps a young Barolo...not sure i can wrap my brain around this method.
Mango Strut in Coconut Grove plus vino equals awesome! Salentein reserve 2007 malbec
kinda, i mean. im not too icarly inspired right now.. but im gonna try to make one this weekend c:
Alex Wilson takes the stage in just over 20 min!
It was a great event...not only a great Happy Hour, but great food...crab cakes, shrimp, steak tortillas, beer cheese & more
is on fire tonight.
I totally agree...I think she's faking!
Some people could find a million ways to be unhappy but instead find a million ways not to be
Set coffee to strong.
The microphone explodes, shattering the molds, Etither drop tha hits like de la mode or get tha fuck off tha commode
Feels like everybody is having a baby lol.
struck by the incongruity between "Imported from Detroit" and the "wanna win a million bucks?" ads
have u been following convo btw & ?
#hitdirectionerswithashovelday .. COME AT ME BRO
I'm cool. I need real people to listen to my music
Giving moms around the world a shot: shares stories of moms who walk 15 miles to vaccinate their kids
Thanks for the follow, Mark. Your book sounds terrific.
On the back row mandem
thanks man. It's all in the name.
Also, if an employer DOES ask for your password, congrats. You have just saved a bunch of time and grief by seeing their weeniedom up front.
-tweet this shit..
Great picks.
Irvine bound tomorrow morning.
"you know what they say, people that live in glass houses s-s-sink ships"
I was suppose to do interviews tonight at the NFL draft...declined. I have a Rangers-Senators game to go to. It's the only choice.
RT : The Grammar Queen is out. <--Ain't it the truth?
If you have not been to Rasselas on Fillmore Street on a Thursday night you are missing a great hang!
's all I'm saying. (Alternately, there is the Bluefire app, which can handle DRM'd ADE books.)
The Admissions team is a huge fan of the Food Truck! Looking forward to the truck being near Union Station tomorrow.
Pirates of the mother fuckin caribbean bitches!!(;
did you guys find Angel yet? :(
There are spaces available for the Cirque du Soleil photo experience in #drupa hall 8b bring your smile we'll do the rest
Oh sharpies and index cards, how much do I love thee?
Sister came home today feeling "energized" after a 22 mile run.. How the fuck does that happen?
Oh that test just put me in a Debbie downer mood 😒
I can't get no sleep!
I'm actually excited for super sony brothers hunger games. It has some pretty awesome guys and they only revealed 6.
i lovee you george, the first person ive loved more than hehe, justin your still part of my heart hehe, loveeyoou bothh<33
The Wire
me, myself & I sir please?
*insert corny thunderstorm tweet here*
Jon Brockman shooting 100% on the night. I'm thinking contract extension?
How do I use my 10%off code when checking out? Love your art!
text me ASAP :)
prince james should be taking notes from tebows book then maybe he wont choke any more in the 2nd half of games
I take showers, I don't like baths. The last time I took a bath, I lost three of my ships. ~ Rodney Dangerfield
I seriously only like Mondays cuz of Mrs. Arch's cinnamon rolls!
HAHAHHAHAHAH is cracking me up right now!
“: hapy birthday! Def goin to play tonight! See u thurr” see you tonight!
Thanks for the follow fellas. You guys are going on tour pretty soon with our pals , yes?
We just moved "She only wanted flowers" into heavy rotation on for next week
air Terlato runs on only the finest Sangiovese...
In 2010, an estimated 785,000 Americans had a new coronary attack. -CDC
awkward moment when you're homeschooled!!
Fashion show.
“: Getting ready for Childrens Book Launch Party - 4 great authors all in one place!" congrats
reg'd for Michigan Mountain Mayhem! i think i'll skip the pancake breakfast this year. where are my salt pills...
Group of protesters approaching Dahmer tour. This could get heated.
Hey friends, fam and fans of my music...please follow me here to receive updates on my band "The Railways"
I really should be sleeping, but I can't. Twitter is too distracting...
That'd be great. Shoot me an email and we can get something on the calendar.
Starting today, Aug 8th, the Foam Pit will be closed and under construction. We’re gonna make it BETTER!
ANYONE DOWN TO PLAY DRAW SOMETHING?
Quote of the day, "your phart spone is stupid!"
So my life. RT : Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time.
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Writing editors can be a pain, but boy, when you get them working...
Thank you and BEST TO YOU and YOURS WAYNE!
Got to see them at the SARS-stock show. Was pretty sweet.
Really?? I though you could send a Direct Message to anyone. You have to be following them too??
You are not Google's user you are Google's product being served up to advertisers.
Happy Birthday!
Wilford Brimley is a former bodyguard of Howard Hughes.
Made A New Tumblr (:
DONT SAY YOU LOVE ME AND DONT MEAN IT BECAUSE I MIGHT DO SOMETHING CRAZY LIKE BELIEVE IT
watching the Rose Parade and seeing a lot of Wisconsin Red! AWESOME
Thanks for the follow guys!
Positive thought without positive action is positively nothing.
We started editing part 2 today. :)
6pm-close ADC will be visited soon! ": . Donovan House's rooftop is open already! Head up for happy hour any time!"
"Sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair, ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries!" xD Toy Story 3 Film
I'm not the only one? “: What is WRONG with me? I don't use Instagram OR Pinterest and yet I'm still perfectly happy :)”
Neil Funk is the most arrogant broadcaster I have ever heard
sometimes i wake up and i say i hate life. Then other days I say life is grand.
I like the way you do it right thurrrr.
Sunburned from yesterday ... can't complain though, at least it finally feels like
a 10 mile race or an 11+ mile training run, not sure of the logic on that, it's just how i roll.
They only had brunch today, but it was still really good. Especially the deserts.
Thanks for the R/T
Hellz ya! I am stoked!
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist? Because she thought everybody loved her.
Woohoo! Welcome back!
Just got off work, wasn't a bad day!
me too. I have to go to the home opener.
How many of you sometimes or often talk with the spirit of your dead friends and relatives? How many of you are very psychic?
Lol did you like it?
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon - Them Doing The Sums
": teen wolf !! Lol" I think you a high school teenager!
Follow Back :D
Come by the booth and say hi at #afta11... SDFAS is now Art Pulse!
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!
Thnx Shasta! That's so great! RT : #FF from San Diego if you aren't already. Tasty!
“: Everyone said you're doin a great job #trustme” you never say this...
Im excited to see what NBC will do now.Hopefully we get some 24/7 like shows or a mls tonight
Now following
are you flying our way soon?? Chicago is lovely in the spring!!
everybody goin downtown!
Sorry gents. Vimeo gave me a random title page and we were in a hurry to get them up. Fixed.
that was 1452 beers ago
Oh I thought you did haha
Saw Why? At .....so smooth and then watched Maus Haus play a really cool set .awesome festival
haha, age is just a #, as long as you keep learning and laughing, it doenst matter, right? :)
It sucks when you think your doing something new. But everyone already does it.
Dome9 Security Introduces 1-Click Cloud Server Secure Access
How I manage? I don't know.
hope to see you in the chi one day #letswin good look on the retweet
Interesting post to say the least... Threw me for a loop at first until you tied it in to recruiting. Nice work!
ElMariChiChi- CINCO DE MAYO SHOW! Saturday midnight. Were gettin silly drunk. TEQUILA!
Stop #3 Toyota. Stop #4 may be for mosquito spray & garden gloves. Stop #5 home to tame the wild garden beast for about 10 hot minutes.
guys a boss
All my gimmicks are cheap or non-profit. It's sad.
hahaha that's great. Kyle is a major douche.
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Thursday....Spread Love
totally worth it! I ordered everything on Amazon: lamp was $120, the top and base coat were $40 and the 6 polish set was $70.
veganwise: On the nose
BIEBER'S CREEPING (: I gotta feeling<3
I don't get all those..
bull i shower 3 times a day. guys in prison only get 1
Gotta piss something fierce.
We're thinking of piloting an ebook collection w/a few other schools. I have FollettShelf but print = better so far.
Finding Motivated Sellers of Cheap Las Vegas
how was your exam lovely?! .x
Exclusive Members Only In Depth Tour of Nationwide Arena. Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
rochel is gonna woop to trick ass bitch.
Accessories are a great way to wear #PolkaDots!
Born to win
#MUTHAFUKKA Prob a dumb quest...what's is YankeeYards?
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
I am so tempted to publish an article entitled Klout is Krap. Any thoughts?
How come no one ever talks about how kick ass #Shameless is on showtime?
Most of the crew is here for the show!
Downright weird seeing a night of plays based on Nebraska that has zero to do with unemployment, 3rd-shift jobs, and financial desperation.
at 14 they asked me what i wanna be , i said baby 21 so i can get my own drink .
Yes. For many it may be first install not from official sites. As basic as download app, open app, choose android installer.etc.
Had a great time exploring Ward 6. Thanks to Councilman Wells for joining us!
So impressed by the vocal ability of singing "we crown you"
Mason County Schools: Hood Canal: 2 Hours Late, no morning preschool
#job #Portland #Oregon looking for a buyer or merchandising position
No, I call the Jonas the "smirky quirky Robin Hood guy." NOT hot. Like a child is cute.
Friend: Can I play a game on your phone? Me: Bitch, does this look like an Xbox?
I am sorry but it looks like my twitter was hacked into and sending spam out...
i fell asleep in the shower.......how weird is tht???
Red Sox trade Josh Reddick to Oakland for Andrew Bailey.
hey everybody :D
Yeah, don't let spin you about his spin. That's exactly what he does.
wasband or wusband. I like that.
Yo we went together like peanut butter and jelly and sliced banana last night.
Remember what it felt like to be young, vibrant and pain free? This is the way your supposed to feel, both now and all through your life!
It doesn't matter if it's long or short!
Ah, so you DO have a heart, as DN's absence seems to have grown it fonder.
There is an alternative reason to dance around the Christmas tree....to burn off all those extra calories! So get to movin'! :)
Gemini Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I was never a big Beastie Boys fan, but MCA did a lot for music and he will be missed.
haters gunna hate, mahomies gunna love, & hey i love ur hair and urs is curly , jb's is straight and less volume u add style(;
If I were in position, I might've, but the wife's taught me all kinds of moves to use on buses w/o her.
Johnny likes pickles! Now you know.
Doing black guy stuff
Yep. RT : A former Indiana coach loses the record. A former Indiana asst. coach takes the record.
Wholeheartedly agree. The abstract of that paper goes over 8 great ways to increase your money:happiness ratio.
Did y'all get tickets?
Why does he have to live so far!? :(
CHIME IN: Have US schools lost their leading edge? Are countries like China to gain the upper hand? You tell me.
I feel like every morning I wake up earlier and earlier!
wow! Thanks for the follow!!! I feel honored !!! Are you home? We miss you love Mama Bear
one of my faves! Thanks for sharing :)
Emma Watson&#39;s Clothing Line Falters, Plus What Else She&#39;s Been Up To
Class so boring
At Philadelphia Convention Center with for media tour.
if only Watson and Lucas could get points for dribbling, they'd be really good.
Hey , how was #UFC last night?
"Oh man, my tummy look tan." *dancing. Rolling on the floor. Doing donky kicks*
I think if I knew Pine Sol would give me this kind of buzz, I'd have been huffing it in High School!
Good morning, folks! Have a blessed day!!
sounds fancy
preparing to expand shed dormer to full dormer to allow for master bath. As always, shooting for a high#salvage content
Ok. The pilot of Smash was pretty good. I will tentatively add it to the DVR lineup.
been using backpack by 37signals, love the textile editor, going to add it to my admins for custom content
#1642 your big boyfriend Madison:)) no but seriously Madison haha;)
#foodiechat and the #Canes game, perfect #LaborDay!
Great At Bat Against Bell, Way To Give Us The Lead!!!
Thx for the opportunity - so much fun! (and the pic wasn't so terrible ;) -CV
For your license or new car
My birthday coming up so mom best be buying tickets for my birthday...
Oh yeah, it's gross. All this wet grass has him smelling like a soccer cleat too.
RT if you think deserves more solos !!!
#Magic re-watching late nite. Crucial story. Good man. 100%
TY! RT : Thanks for all the #Twitter love lately.
I'm Not a Christian. I'm a humanist. Don't even try to push that morality shit on me. You fucking pussy.
haha. Apparently it's weak there tonight. Shouldn't be too bad then.
just online
: Let's see the hot blazers going to show/sale from upcoming designer.
Get your #ChefShowdown tix for a special rate of $99 before they sell out - you can't miss the tastiest event of the year! www.ccssd.org
Them niggas call, ion pick up my phone
My kiddo, Cassidy Robbins (she is my profile pic!), will see you there!
son let's chill this weekend
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
Training for ? What was ur run today? I did 4.5!
Lighting automation, done well, can certainly make your life easier - it can also make your life a lot of fun
Word on the street is that penny stock "LUSI.OB" is about to SKYROCKET! Penny stock traders, you have been warned!
honestly, i dont know. I know you want to.
Your so vain, you probably think this tweet is about you
glad she is doing great, She Such A Sweet Women =)!!!
is the best!
If you love someone tell them because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
Teacher: Whyy am I hearing talking?! Student: Because you have ears, DUHH!!
Want to refer someone to PlanetTran? You'll give them 50% off and receive $10 dollars off your next trip!
"Scorpio: Your power comes from your magical ability to undergo a surprising metamorphosis today. " Oh dear. All I can think of is Kafka.
Missin my dad what i would give for a chat
remember, if you’re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns! :')
Bout to pick up my lil sis and thake my lil siblings to see project x.
Now that's a tagline, neighbor.
The Voice That Ur Speakinn Rite Now Thats Me..
Flea control should be use all year, even in cooler climates, please RT
i was waiting for you hasta el 9th period and then i got tired lol.. how was it?
Thanks for the RT! We agree that it's great advice for all designers
Industry Night: $5 glass of wine, $5 whiskey shots, $5 well drinks, $2 PBR, $3 flatbreads. Why? Because we love you.
Congrats to Johnny Patrick. signed his rookie deal with the Saints today.
think they will sit on that until 6:30 newscast?
KIM is one of the best players EVER!
aaahahhahahahsha oh Marcus ur the farthest from a thug
What that mean?
I can tell today is Friday the 13th, today just freaking sucks )': whatever the whole weekend will fml I just want to talk to him.../:
You always ruin every single fucking night I look forward to.
I am currently addicted to KPop... Is this a bad thing? I think not!
History is a great deal closer to poetry than is generally realised: in truth, I think, it is in essence the same.
Good Morning ALL!!! God pressed REFRESH on his keyboard to give you another shot at this thing called LIFE. Remember to make this day count.
Lauren needs spell check!
Buying RIMM at 27.50 was a super purchase! Nice call by us...
“: If I was ya best friend I'd want you round all the time #ThrowBack #Fitty” Nothin better than some old school
It may be the gases of the firing caused the Martians inconvenience
Haha, yeah. Ridiculous.
Paparazzi has to be at the
Sex aint betta than love -Trey songs
Austin is moving to Miami ... Shit just got real
lol so go eat
heard you think you have OSA. I work for a company that specializes in testing/treatment. Let me know if you want more info.
When capitalized, there are no descenders in the entire list of Canadian provinces. Great for underlining.
Most any handgun will achieve this purpose, guys. :)
That's easy you should do something crazy
I find it funny that Bieber trying to be all grown and sexy on his new track!
...we are opening today in a limited fashion. We will have 1 sandwich available (sausage, pesto, parmesan). Stop by and try us out!
you aren't talking about or myself, are you?
#EnoughIsEnough i cant take this any more
Help me get to 2,000 followers ^----^
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least RIP MCA
Thank YOU mister!
Hopefully everything turns out ok! ...:/
Thank you to all who came to visit us @ MISSION NIGHT MARKET. We appreciate your love & support for
Del Walters - WTH are you doing? This is a farcical display of power and a breach of democracy - let legislation be passed.
Just saw great doc "Boys and Men Healing" about survivors of male rape. Insightful.
My mind is blown that Claire Dumfy off #ModernFamily played Happy Gilmore's love interest when he squared off against Shooter McGavin.
THNX! I am very excited 2 and now production development is moving forward which is very cool!
My life, my choices, my mistakes, not your problem.
Thnx 4 the follow. WE also bring businesses together. Looking forward to sharing our tweets and seeing you on AgooBiz!
iloveyou is better than i love you because there is no space for lies. <3
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho smoke weed. R-T if you hate anyone who smokes weed and hope they overdose
joins us @ 57th Street Books TONIGHT @ 6pm!
RIP Biggie Smalls The Notorious B.I.G
Damn train always in the way!! 🚉
you're welcome and enjoy.
The place is really coming together for 's wedding this weekend!
Buttered noodles are the best
Ima go to contraband w/ Tee & Bailey
Yes I'm practically begging!! I really want to win that camera bag! LOL!!!
Proverbs 16:7 When the LORD takes pleasure in anyone’s way, he causes their enemies to make peace with them.
Very nice poster, Mr Batum!
Good morning! Make sure to check your emails! Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
I regret what I just did
One can only hope so RT : You ready to except your award tomorrow?
Ashley young is good at finding legs and falling over. Really good!
yes I love history
and The Beast's name ended up being Hercules.
Hey just seeing this, apologies and no offense intended, that's another way that we reference those who submit reports
I wonder what Oscar Wilde would think about putting Dorian Gray in the same class as glittery vampires are. HA HA!
thats awesome! i don't have my own laptop much less a Mac Pro..but its cool. i'm happy for you(:
We can't wait to see it!!!
Why didn't anyone inform me it was the 24th! The 24th!?! Why do I pay you guys to follow me!
#irantoydrones are like butter? or b/c #irantoydrones stings like a bee fly like a butterfly? I WANT A DRONE THOMAS! :)
secondary, playcalling and general toughness of the team. All comes down to HC when its all said and done.
awesome, I love looking through their blog posts. I can't come to everything!
someday he'll realize how much i loved him tho.
Sounds like a good time. Put some pick up in your giddy up and ride on over to Iron Horse Friday night.
Haha perfect size
Theres never anything to eat in my house.
Big thanks to for joining us in our discussion of David Fincher's THE SOCIAL NETWORK. It was a lot of fun!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
One step closer to world domination through pixel manipulation (if my URL was tiny it would go here) IT's really really long :)
When some guys say that girls ain't shit , I sometimes feel them depending on the situation .
Where is Toni Kukoc when you need him?
Apparently the only shirts left on .com are XXL?? Wtf? That's a bummer!
I give u discount! Haha
truly! can't wait. thanks for making me a part of the fun.
r they like the knife? cause we like the knife. maybe they should tour together with names like that
Look What's NEW at www.patrickscatering.com....
woahhh ur up way late then me haha:) its 12:48 am here;) i live in washington:)
French is so obnoxious.
I vote cute fluffy puppy for
We got holograms but can't afford to get a job, yea that seems about right.
Robot umpires
the beat of music or the beat of someones heart
that was completely unnecessary and disrespectful of them.
Do you love comedy shows? After seeing Paul Rodriguez’s show keep the fun night going tonight with drinks at Xona’s Asada Grille!
Eddie Vedder & Patty Griffin
I aim 2 grow taters in a stack of old tires.
Thats what u did... Thats y i did it.
One day people are going to remember me...I'm waiting for my ride at the airport....
whats your favorite song of yours.?
Barrio Logan resi seem to want it both ways. Want investment, but don't want gentrification. Doesn't work that way
When you come the place in your life where you do not have nothing but your faith, you have more than enough
just got home from the bay area. i am exhausted. but i had a lot of fun 2day. (: goodnight!
how was the gig last night bro?
Haha boy you wild...But imma get ya
#Socialanxiety disorder is one of the most common anxiety disorders, affecting between 7 and 13% of the population.
comedian/ Event Host/ Radio Personality
can't send Direct message since you aren't following but have a friend who can grab them!
you should have come up to one of us! We would have hooked you up! Sorry to miss you!
How did y'all like #TOUGHLOVE #toughloveneworleans tonight?
peeps like the yellow marshmallow chicks around Easter???
I have a mildly sick, exhausted kiddo. He's asleep in bed and doesn't want to wake up. Of all my #chem labs to miss, this is the one.
Friday mornings in the Spring...yup.
Oh, its so much better for brands! We switched 1st day! RT : We just upgraded "Timeline"...what do u think? Are u a fan?”
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently. Warren Buffett
Woot! Happy Friday! What are you jamming to this morning?
So I love coke zero. Entered the cap code. won live nation cash. Finally bought triad necklace!! And it was free! Stoked! :D
#HappyBirthdayRupertGrint ♥ =) One of the best actors Ive seen!
Sorry, I unfollow anyone who promotes porn, sexual devices & uses vulgar language. I keep my moral standards high and my tweets clean.
Cinco de Derby
i could make ur picture if u give me the stuff u want in it :)
#OnceUponATime & wanted 1d tickets for Oakland
i swear im a cold ass nigga
hahaha. This time, it sounded more like Adam but it probably was Denny. Great meeting you too! Hope to see you again soon!
RT : Don't tweet you having fun. Don't text her you having fun. Don't Facebook. Don't even smile In a picture if you take one.
Things have come full circle. It's blazing again at Coachella. Ice cream sales people are psyched.
A Twitter person is asking for help deciding what to do tonight. I think we should give him the best night of his life. Who's in?! DM me.
My thoughts, actions and the words I speak today are in alignment with what I want. I act as if what I want is already so.
Attorneys in GeorgeZimmerman case meeting privately with judge
Now twitter is messing with my mind. The period has returned in the second to last tweet, but now missing in the last one.
i hope nick doesnt cancel btr because they are my favorite and nick will be dead to me #DONTSTOPTHERUSH!!!
Just a reminder! Early bird pricing ends Dec. 16th! Get on it!
Nite Owls unite! After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 2-4-1 rail drinks.
Why does bow tie pasta taste so much better than regular pasta?
Notre-dame de Paris. One word: breathtaking!
Thanks Nuzi for a great event. You were awesome and the topic was dead on!
We are getting it all wrong. I am getting it all wrong.
GUYS.!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
WhyTF is muni $2.10? Ten cents! WhoTF has bags of dimes lying around? Oh wait...
been waiting for these since November!!
yeah here tonight and tomorrow night
Dark Shadows was pretty fun! Now I want to go back & watch the soap again... think it's on Netflix?
yep...green curry that you have high expectations for but afterwards you feel Sick. It also used to be Julian Peterson...
oh... Well i gotchu wit a plate
It seems like it's going to be beautiful weekend here in Pa this weekend weather wise. I'll probably spend it indoors playing poker..
this is why I'm back in Cali and not in Vegas :-)
we seem to have a lot of these intelligent conversions
listening to demi lovatto love you
Hey man. I hope your day turned around bruh! Need anything just text me.
Will definitely say hello to your friends and thanks and best wishes in return!
Yooo your twitpics are epic you're pretty funny.
Yes, I should have hit him with a salami
thank you :)
Heard good things about their fish fry!
After an unfortunate series of events.. Including joining forces with an Asian family.. I'm finally heading home!
Love the magazine! My buried life list...to visit the Oprah show!
Safe to assume that you won't be getting an interview if you have to call and ask what to write in the "date of interview"
sick of work Halloween weekend come NOW!
A.I. Need To Come Back To The League
Turnovers are everything. Only chance for nyg is if we continue
loved that this morning
"Like" this status is waxing is your ONLY choice of hair removal!
.Hope is all we have right now, and it's also all we've ever needed. Let's Go Pens!!!
RT Lock in right now and listen to me, DJ Astonish, DJ Robby Rob & DJ Class rocking the turntables until 7! **dope!!
Headed north to Boyne Mountain to do some
#SuperBowl Come on Giants!! This is #SuperbowlXLVI !!!
What?! Where are you going? :-(
Just had first glass of #eggnog of the 'season'. Always on hunt for Chipwich eggnog. Holla if you live near a pathmark. I'll pay shipping :)
Meeting lots of great prospective JAMS students today! Lots of interest in too, thanks to the lolcats!
are you doing the production lessons? i got some people interested.
Anyone have any must-do/must-see things for me for my visit to Hong Kong?
I know im so excited I need away! from cincy and flo co
Who was ?
Chris Bulla & Derek Fenwik are killing ! People are jamming to the HouseMusic!!!! tomorrow is a don't miss!
I'm enough of a Phil's fan tonight that I'll make a joke: #werthless ?
...need tool where citizens can make quick suggestions and comment on each other, bulletin board. free is great.
Alright I'm ready to leave. The weekend can be over now. I want Thursday.
Lookin forward to phish fri & sat. Hope everybody has a good day. Last day in WI.
Spring, break.
Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When You Justify Your Conduct, You Abort Your Ability To Change It.
black, French press
they do in Florida. For old people.
Winners see an answer for every problem; losers see a problem in every answer. -Barbara Johnson
yeah I remember!!!
Simon for 3 - are you kidding
It must be spanish night at Breezeways ... smh, its wednesday ... theres no need for you to be goin this hard this late.
We help you make the best financing choice for your situation by assessing each component of the loan & how it fits your financial goals.
our hopes and expectations
im jealous! its like 80 degrees outside and its like 90 in my house!!! and nothin much!
hi! any chance we can do this over email? email me at and let's chat about what you have in mind :)
my ui says im following u
Derek got shot crying my heart out ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
What if the lakers trade kobe? Would they be a better team?
Happy to help any time you need it!
Ugh fuck my life 5am-1pm today ugh to damm long #dead ☹
thanks so much! It was a good day. (Still trying to get my head around all of it, though!)
You saw a great game. Glad you enjoyed the seats.
:D So excited for the EP
If strippers are now called "exotic dancers", then drug dealers should be called "exotic pharmacists".
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day ! ♥♥
Thanks for the #FF!
Enjoying my weekend instead of stressing >>>
No appointments available for today & Thursday. Any openings due to cancellations will be posted here.
Shout out for Officer Garza (#1889) & Mark/Tom of the Vol Program of #Lakewood #PD Ran out of gas (gauge said 24 miles left). Gassed me up!
I am in two of them with the great Chuck Slavin!
Hope to see you at or show! PS you should check out , I think you'll like them!
hi! everyone please follow i follow back! and follow she is my idle idc if she dont follow me back at least she knows i care.
Sorry for the multiple tweets. Fingers faster than brain this morning & typed bad link previously.
I got too meet the russians thats in the soul circus :) im press lls
I guess its sangria and tapas tonight.
me too... I've been craving it so bad after having but have stayed away from them so far.
Omg the live episode of #30Rock is about to start!!! YAYYYYY!!
Is it #FF yet? I'm exhausted.
First Dave gets Nuggets tickets. Now you get Broncos tickets. Does this mean that Chelsey and I have to get Avs tickets?!?
enjoying listening to Kyle Tait call the game on WREK. Great way to start off the season coach!
Ricky totally stalked people through that window, now he runs laps in his tiny yard. :)
Why thank you! Glad you enjoyed it. Hope we'll see you back again soon!
#sadpanda is an understatement, that's really terrible news. I'm sorry for your loss - pets are family members.
I agree! Totally enjoying it!
You are the one I think bout.....
I was 7 years old when I bought my neighbors 69' Apollo original red sparkle 4 pc. Wish I still had it :/
Marinatto resigning? Big East: always a dollar short and a decade late
lol. What is what?
Loyalty is everything
Mr. Sun had come out to play
can i unbutton your buttons(;
Great posts. Am following you, feel free to follow back
you will love Adam in Florida's new hot thriller "Python" by Carina Nolan Hell Slithers Lust Simmers only 7.89 Amazon
finally is correct. The keg that wouldn't die.
I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
Processing some 1080p footage of ga and some full frame shots of our occupation! Stay tuned for links
A Hip Hop classic T La Rock It's Yours: via
I hear ya.... older >wiser when others feel the need to talk they show themselves - and now m
That Fla sunshine got me anticipating this early flight>>>
The shit me and My co workers talk about lmao
haha thanks man. I probably couldn't answer if you tried. I'm working and going to school full time. Plus I'm on that B shift.
Absolutely. Nothing super interesting, but just stuff we don't need or expect to find. Personal stuff. I did find a wallet once.
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Thx I am enjoying
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. Luv to all my friends out there... Yes, you!!!
Link didn't work....
Too many gadgets! Are you doing in Muncie Multisport races?
Thanks! That book looks really cool! I might get it for my nephews as well :)
Agreed. RT : initially I read it as dicks,not clicks. that was funnier.
RT Best moment today: Overheard 3rd grader booktalk When Life Gives You OJ to classmate bc she loved it so much!
via ...Talk Timbers on The Game tonight 6-7 p.m. Tonight's guests: Merritt, Gavin and Tony McManus.
wish I couldve gotten my drawing of you to you last night in Chicago, but you were incredible, thanks for the best night <3
This day is officially brought to you by GOD. (Faith required. Results may vary). Unknown
we go through a gal of milk every two days ... if it weren't for milk and Carnation Instant Breakfast my boys would wither away
in 30 minutes! I love hearing him speak!
RT : NAVTEQ workshop at #MobilizeConf Location is social, friends, check ins, now we show group patterns
series of things that happen don't write artistic sentences that move other people.
Snowing in your neck of the woods tonight or in the morning? Share your video or pictures with us at Love to see them.
Quote of the Day: Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
The fact that two of my favorite artists & are talking to each other like normal people just threw me off a little.
what's wrong jay!?!?
Morning my love bug!
frozen banana + spash soy milk + choc protein powder = acceptable after workout shake.
Just left you a msg. Call me bck on tht # when you get it
Thank ya, Pal.
My special juice is gunna help me win honey boo boo child!!!
hey i know her... well ive seen her before... just finished watching the timescapes bts video just a fewMins ago
“: like 20 min away at a Hampton” cool cool we gone connect and kick it
We learn about creativity from artists -- those who have the ability to create something new, without constraints.
Str8 up RT : soon as I get back in town I gota see my brother I missed him so much :-(
shameless season one is on its way to me via , I have been watching current episodes and find it LOL!
Is there sumthing wrong with dating yo same sign
I feel like there's lots o/"I recognize exactly how horrible I am" in the show (explicitly or implicitly, in the writing)...
and the people will get what they're demanding soon enough :)
let's hear some music
You're like a disease without any cure
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 18
snow on the ground: I don't know whether to be proud or disappointed of you, Wisconsin.
Lost Dog Sandy - $300 Reward Sandy the Chihuahua is lost in Puyallup, WA.
hey!:) how's it going?
cAnt sleep! grrr!
I know. Every time I see Sabryna on TV I start to cry. I have teen sons. Can't imagine the pain.
celebrating national parks with :) "The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders."-Ed Abbey
OK Cheerleaders... Hope you drank a lot of water. See you today!
RT : 90% of people reach out to social networks after seeing their doctor via
saw Glee last night @ TV Acad, missed u after, as many Gleeks were in attendance. Told Dot she has My Emmy Vote & meant it
The Coke-obarra?
you tweet so much! haha
RT : I'm basically Michael Vick...but better at playing qb
It's kind of funny to do the impossible. -Walt Disney
Just listened to the interview on the radio. She should be a model!!!
Is segregated guest wifi practical for higher ed?
Spanglish phrase of the day: Taco Cabana - Elaborate condiment bar. Usage: "He put out chingos de pico, salsa and limes, bien Taco Cabana."
He needs a dark oak bar in front of him tonight.
Defff not the same. But fuck it. Do what you gotta do.
If you haven't requested "Old School" call, tweet, email or facebook your local radio station!
What! Verlander is about to throw a No No?!!?!? Wow!!
I think blocked me. He's the best cock blocker there is.
New tunes soon!!
We put the "us" in "trust" baby..
what if i did lololol
#ThatAwkwardMoment I think your cute..then enlarge your avi & are blown away by your ugliness
Thats a great hobby
Guess what, guys? I still *hate* BC.
Wishing all the Moms a Happy Mother's Day, we salute you, honor and cherish you today and forever.
as are we!
lol live in cali we out
Oh, I like. Obviously, applies to me as well. Would've been nice.
I know exactly what you're all about, new Louie bag before it's even out ( ;
#ihavenever truly loved someone before. Until now. (and the last 6 1/2 years)
RT : Congratulations to for being elected as northeastern regional vice chair
Sitting in the car freezing while it's warming up cuz Florida will give u a ticket for $160 if you leave your car running unattended
I have pink eye. My eyes are red.
Per Liu: If we want betters schools look at what private schools offer: Latin, Greek, higher paid teachers.
I havent talked to you in like 4 days AND YOU DIDNT REPLY TO MY DM <> I Love you <> #CoriniNation gives you
“: great to meet up today! meeting folks like you inspires our work in government” Awesome talk! You're a gov rockstar!
Dont think just fly
We're seriously having bad weather in miami
i guess. Today is just not a good day <-Kelsey xoxo>
tnks! RT : I am always laughing when you and the cohort in the early morning are brightening up #pdx :)
Is THE RAVEN heckler porn? (Thus ends my obsessive annoyance over porn-used-as-suffix. I plomise.)
Hey! :) How are you doing!? Hope you're well miss ya!
ur all talk
Good Job Dude Congrats Looking Forward To Skating Your Shoe On Nike SB! :D
Anyone else think the members of one direction look gayish. They are british, right?
I'm so pissed with people telling me I need to go back to school. Not doin it. Get over it.
good morning
I miss jammings!!!!
Super Bowl is just a few weeks away and it is never too early to start planning your Party! Game Day Menu Now Available!
I took like 3bites and im full. + a little tired.
my yard looks like a golf course (: it's so perfect and green!
i wish i went to your school :(
just sent a "Health Literay Quarterly Newsletter" to 500+ peeps. You read that right - "health literay" right in the subject line!
right back at ya! :)
Im so over drawsome
I cornered them in parking lot where I couldn't find my rental car and I screamed at them, "You're all trash!" For reals
I wondered what the world would be like without music...I don't think I can be able to live without it.
Follow me on instagram
Santorum - women can't raise kids. Emotions get in their way. So men should only marry men and kids will have 2 strong male figures.
My comments were that Chris needed to add a few more a's. (Seriously, though, good luck!)
I love having singing in my ear it's the only thing that gets me through my days
how much did you win??
I'm a newbie on here.. Applying to grad programs
Nickelback in named after the guy who throws the ball in Canadian rules football, right?
Working in citizen teams, we embarked to preserve El Paso's rich heritage and rectify plagued development and transit issues.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
will look for it when I get back to a PC in about two hours thank you
u "met" a person
I've never said this before, but I'm really thankful for traffic today!!!!
Watching UFC145. Let's Go Rashad Evans!!!
It's National Energy Action Month!
Smile at strangers.
Instagram worth as much as the Boston Red Sox.
Sounds like you have never visited Austin yet. It's a weekend occurrence here
And there goes the energy.
Wow is it May already?! Time to break out the spring headcheese recipes. Anyone have any good ones?
compliments r so highly valued and free to give, tell someone something nice today.
when it's just you against the patron, sometimes admin will side w patron. best to be covered.
Knocking out early tonight. ✌
Stupid dogs. I told them to be mean to burglars.
lol I found out when I saw Rodney
Breeds, Breeders, and Breedism: What Defines a Dog? | Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan
Ha. Um, don't tell ;) RT : This is your official notice is MY #SXSW wife. Back off dude.
Hey, thanks! Planning on making it a little better next round; it can be easy to miss that it explains the problem in a tooltip.
All you can eat? Don't mind if I do!
of course, she isn't as pretty as my favorite single mom here in Milwaukee..... :-)
What's your favorite dance memory? :-)
#fridayreads Michael Gruber's 'The Forgery of Venus' and Guy Gavriel Kay () duo 'The Sarantine Mosaic'.
I needa straighten up
GOOD MORNING WORLD! AND PEOPLE:D
305 in full affect
boys are dumb...I had to find a new hobby LOL
AWW THANKS BOO!! Can't wait to see you tonight either... wanna hear al about STL!!!
Really, ? You schedule 3.5 State League matches on July 4th and just expect us to reschedule? Thanks for not even trying.
2nd #SDCChiHack: nostalgia, which searches and saves content from social media sites to help capture a specific moment
Carson Daly? A relic of a joke and a relic of a career. Bye!
Just be a follower. All winners selected at random.
Carl Vahl reports that our attendance is rising! We're pleased to have so many active Rotarians in our club...
Way to go Rams!!!
Oh, and a PC, not a Mac.
you need a blanket. And why you all showin off your legs anyways? Harlot!
The lady's got swagger, rockin' nerdly behavior, rollin' twenties, any class, classy tabletop savior.
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light ! Let&#39;s get a little naughty tonight with our Honeys!
Friday is mi favorito!
who was your favorite celebrity to dance for?
Big News: will manage for
there's a legit field trip happening in the apple store. stuff for little kids is so much cooler now.
Bet your house smells good.
#ClubiPad2 Hope I win it! Thanks for wishing us luck Shaquille!
I love listening to espn radio, especially mike and mike. And, is a cool dude.
Smart move! “: I hear Film Forum long-time advertiser in Village Voice is pulling its ads because of Backpage sex trafficking.”
you a fine mf.
ah ok. Good reporter. But I love my Canadians. Meet me at a swim up bar at Iberostar and you won't root for game 7.
haha no stop insulting me you freak show
ThinKing about cutting my hair
“Tea is a cup of life.” - Author Unknown
Thx4 the RT Sean! Heading to #Haiti in a few hours, supporting child education & healthcare :) cc
The truth resides in the pixels.
Can't wait to sleep tonight
Hey, just saw you on tv at the #Sixers game!
"You're so fat...Ooh, are those oreos?"
RT : RT : Don't be stingy! Retweet others tweets when u find them interesting.
party with my love rachael<3
I feels ya. it's boring for me to watch it as well sometimes but just cause its a possession game and it's hard to score really
Please forgive me, I can't stop loving you.
not enough
RT..“: I'm not sure if you're really saying what you mean, or just saying what I want to hear”
“: Who thinks we should have another season of Born To Dance?”. ME!
Having a vision for a company is great, having a team to execute the vision is essential!
woah, let's pump the brakes.
Yup it's Wednesday again! Stop by for our $10 Burger, Fries, & Beer Special!! Happy Holidays!!
Frowns regulars confirmed for tonight at :
Be safe !!
Thank God for spring break.
I can't believe I'm going to Fairbanks in February and won't be there!
Like any good Packer fan, I'm going to start eating my feelings.
still want to get you involved out here...“: thanks geoff”
all my friends say I am a total #heel tonight
did I get the anole part right?
"fingerlings" ? that is definitely 1 of my most favorite things, as u clearly know better than anyone else on the planet :)
Kentucky Derby should have been on my list of things to do this weekend
Still got LA
Thanks for the links!
congrats on another great job for one of your many artists!!!! Big day for WB!!!
ABQ Sprout needs some banquet tables and chairs for their community dinner this weekend. Anyone have a resource to help them?
#FirstDateRules make sure u wash yo ass!
Why do so many things annoy me
...Nothing much...
oh, sweet deal...
Facebook. I still don't get Twitter: typing into the void.
Helen KellerIf you are going through hell, keep going
Why is it that little hardships can get us feeling so depressed?
The world has lost an iconic, passionate visionary in the wine world. Joe Dressner has passed and we will sure miss his perspective.
. Look forward to seeing you at this month!
S/o beats go hard bro. This try again goin to the booth wit me.
He should do an entire show as Al. RT : 1) I can't get enought of Tim's Al Davis impersonation.
Today we celebrate the Inauguration of our new #uwmchancellor Mike Lovell. Congratulations! The best is yet to come!
Smiling. How are you?
It hurts a lot more to get rear ended than to rear end. At least it didn't involve my car this time.
Why.....why do have to take other peoples opinions to heart it just makes me feel 10 times worse :|
They made the daughter look soo much like her though.
working on my #SWE "All Together" article - having fun recapping my wonderful time at
LMAO! is mad cause i told her she has hoodrat braids.
Michelle Williams. Yes. Class act.
Speech done. Now to find theme music.
“: just saw a billboard that said "don't drive naked" hm... because that's normal? ” haha better break that habit...
Floyd won't kill me. I asked.
": Our man has one goal, two assists in two #MLS games to open the season. #Ballin"
I've been utilizing the "Unsubscribe from" feature on my Facebook news feed much more recently.
Justin Beck, PerBlue's Co-Founder & CEO, will be speaking today We missed #UWRightNow -- but we'll tweet it anyway.
Someone must be at Bubba Gumps
Yay! Have a good trip. Can't wait to read updates.
RT : Soo.. Diggy and J.Cole at the same summer Jam. Interesting... (I'll be there)
Guys, don't make me put on a mom voice to tell you not to lock each other out of the study room. I don't even have kids
Me: Mr. Lam where do coons live? Mr.Lam: Coons live in the forest. Their bad. Lmao
#FollowFriday Shout out to great leadership tweeps. (via )
can I get on a soccer team out there this summer?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW AND LETS GET HER TO 200 FOLLOWERS AND SHE IS AN AMAZING ICONiac
It hurts me to know Jake, Hates me. Even though he says he doesn't I know deep down he does. I made ONE mistake and he
rackmountable soda machine, rackmountable nach and cheese maker, rack mountable toilet with complimentey hand sanitizer
Next semester a nigga got 1 class on mondays and wednesdays and no classes on fridays, oooooooweee fuck school nigga!
I murder every track, cold cases.
#BeforeYouExit i swear, i love you guys to death. you idiots. ♥♥♥
Shit i'm tryna see where Brian at, whatchu on?
just placed an order for The Fault in Our Stars AND Wreck This Journal omfg
...if there's any interest on a SNAP podcast via the listserv? (2/2)
Hey, wrote a grad school Econ Dev paper on bringing more film/tv projects to DC, would like to get your feedback on it
Causing on the John Lodge.
I hope you voiced your complaint to the salon at the very least. Shit's not cool.
mandatory #drawsomthing breaks! Creating a Special WO now ;)
Curiosity + available ladder = walking on the roof
god why is today soo bad...
you and your drunk friends...
Screw my past, screw my future, just living for the day..
this girl gots jokes ;) I like!
Excellent "Windward Today" program , proud to be a part of!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Shout Out To For Following Me I Guess I Am Doing Somthing Rite With My Music #Music Matters
Good morning, Twitter! Is it Wednesday already?!
Happy mothers day to the best mom anyone could ask for, I love you !
Sorry holiday work has put a damper on my twitter, my fingers don't know what to do!
Movie recommendation is Leslie Nelson in "Airplane"
worry about the IGNORANT who bear arms; not the dress code. Change the LAW; not the hoodie
I hate myself for talking to him again. Yet here i sit.
sweat going from someones butt through the jeans into the back pocket..
Vanpool driver locks van, takes bike home. Doesn't bother to check that other drivers have their keys. Stuck at work.
My God is Awesome !
"Wait...why? You think it might work??"
Thanks for the tip, I can tweet from Sublime Text 2 using the Sublime Tweet package.
New Year's Eve wins the wknd, but comes way short of the studios' expected 20M take. Sitter at #2 also falls below even lowest expectations
Problem solved. In post-tryptophan stupor, I didn't realize I needed actual UTF-8 characters, not codes representing them. [+]
"Have you more faith in a spoonful of medicine than in the power that animates the living world?"~BJ Palmer
Oh! i remember talking to you! Ahah you have a better memory than i do!
Well, at least you *have* something when you're done, instead of a pile of rubble and high score.
The trifecta really would have been Calvin peeing on the recycling symbol
RT : YOU were created to b powerful & to impact others w/your gifts!! God made u to soar & succeed, not to struggle & strive.
Isn't technology wonderful? RT: “: Thanks, !! Using that thing called a "stove" at my parents' house...”
what is wrong with you!?
My Vegas followers are the only ones that talk to me. Lol. :/.
Oops, I meant "I did" haha :)
Hope everyone had a great weekend, now lets make it a great week!
Scowcroft: Erdogan's falling out with the Israelis means Israeli strike on Iran would be incalculable negative effects on US
You will never wear this crown of thorns like me!
“: Follow for follow #teambreezy ♥” I followed you! :)
is back at CFD!
PVLA will be closed Monday, January 16th for the holiday.
Thanks to everyone who made #litaforum 2009 such a success. Thank you!
Shuffled some naughty by nature hello good mood
yeah sure thats fine
how did the bead throwing go?
At Hunky Jesus at Dolores Park! BEACH JESUS!
6 min until he's 14 :*
You get out what you put in, put 110+% in and get 110+% out ! Good morning world
#VEEP REALLY is funny as hell. I recommend watching it. I don't know if it will last, but it's hilarious.
The more I hear "Bodies" by Smashing Pumpkins, the more I'm convinced I'll never hear anything like it again.
Why's that? I mean it's no casa diablo but still.
slept until 5 td.. I regret nothing~
I wish I had a name like
RT : Be sure to tune into CNN for an up-to-the-minute naming of all the cities in Ohio.
yeah if I get it I want that shit to look as real as possible. Some things just don't work with skin as the canvas.
Good Luck Lovely Lady. Sober and happy with your body, a dangerous combination.
#CheneysOldHeart - Got Haliburton a new deal in Iran
What's a Pepsi chicken? I'm starving.
This week's To Do List: get a massage, drive to SF, carb load, run marathon, hydrate, turn another year older, then take a week off.
Not feeling well....
Word on the street is that should make a board game.
I think whichever team wins that series will play the HEAT in the #NBA FINALS
RT : A new podcast from our rangers explores the meaning of the adinkra 'Akoma' symbol, displayed at our memorial:...
We've got a whole new line of t shirts for this year's Fiesta! Selling for $10 cheaper than on the field! Come up to the Balloon Museum!
No women no cry <<<bob marley
hope you're having a zswaggin time with your family lil sis! enjoy and smile hahaha lol :)
We're examining a first edition of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz for a client, and even in its poor condition, it's an amazing thing to behold!
Happy to see another day
Thanks so much, Alison, for the RT and the #FF !
#Overtime boy! Haha
Interesting findings.....
1 bottle of wine and 2 dixie cups, 3 am i fell in love
What are you talking about?
That too! Lol RT : maybe they're more shocked at the fact that manners still exist! Lol :)
More activity there and the side bar has a lot of good links
those are the best kind.
10 days of school left...9 with students 😁
#ShoutOut rights back at you !!!
BTW, the #Lisagor Awards are for Chicago journos. I knew none of the contestants. Their work spoke for itself. Enjoyed reading & judging.
much cooler than fb rif raf
we are trying objective-c programming problems : "i think i just wrote the fibonacci sequence!"
maybe you're into some vampire stuff, didn't know.
RT : Have you told your client today that they should work on an exit strategy from Internet Explorer?
the knee is same as usual always feels stiff, constantly pops, hurts to lunge or squat. I did to tackling today at practice
RT “: I'm available for outdoor portraits. Go to my website. Austin find me on FB under Lime Fly Photography. 5270 of us.
A chicano says "happy cinco de mayo" I say "thanks" Means Caca to a real Mexican.
tomorrow night at club Moscow I Boarders.
facebook fights ugghhh!!!
The monsters have a First Friday gig! Still sorting out the details, but how awesome is that?!
Nice meeting you today TJ!
What do yinzers shout when they are already playing Freebird?
Not at all happy and I can't hide in my backyard cuz of all them damn crikets FUUUUCK
if you insist...then yes
yep.. did u noe that Harry has 4 nipels
Being Single sucks when you know exactly who you wanna be with..
Very well put :)
sort of wish I was at the Highland Games. Rain and all. I need a mealy sausage lunch.
Little indian girls get there hair cut off in there sleep for to get her 5,000 weave done... LOL but got to love her...
hey so I have a final scheduled until 12:30 this Friday but I'm guessing I will be free by noon. How's your schedule looking?
The fastest way to pass your own expectations is to add passion to your labor. ~Mike Litman
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed but she left the house in pretty good shape.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Quote: “The A-list celebrities were always going to be the icing on the cake. It's always been more of an ensemble piece.”
Today is a great day to Say-N-Play!
Setting band shoots FILLIN UP FAST .. The digital new media press kits are awesome ;)
More truth RT : This is where things get really bad....
Aw what's wrong?:/
Not really. There is a pinterest page and a tumblog that get updated occasionally.
Today in church we sang Imagine... Great song...Horrible voices... :P
IS TODAY MY LUCKY DAT OF GETTIN NOTICED BY U
I live for my mother and work hard so later on to take care of her. If you in the way, then prepare to get removed.
thank you for being there and all YOU do!! xo
LMAO! Maybe so! Or maybe because he was away from his wife, he needed to look at women.
ok I'm done.. LMAO
just wondering :-)
Tweeple: From 5-8PM, we're rolling out fun trivia on-air --> use #CW20SnackAttack & share answers/favs/thoughts with us here!
1017 East Atlanta
Sunrise Earth is pretty freaking amazing, IMO
awe :( I was geeked cuz I'm bored!
they're like the Cubs...winning doesn't happen often so we drop whatever we're doing to relish in it! :-)
On my way to see and at Scottish Rite Theater! So excited!!!
Fair Trade Federation's annual gift guide is out! Mayu's hand knit alpaca chullo flap hat and infinity scarf are featured. Check it out! htt
We are 5 days away from our 2nd #DreamHouseRaffle early bird drawing! Don't miss out, enter by this Friday. EIGHT cash prizes!
So he won backtoback clay tourneys two weeks ago, lost a close match on a bad clay surface and he lacks confidence. Right
Raleigh relays tomorrow and saturday. Be here or be lame.
Guess who hit up #SUBWAY this morning! Me :) I enjoyed my Steak Egg and Cheese for breakfast and will enjoy a Subway Club for lunch!
he's a fucking idiot.
Is it tomorrow or is it 9?.
I want more of that sunshine! I little peek through the clouds was NOT enough!
Everytime I wear green people automatically assume I'm irish.
London heathrow undoubtably has the worst customs game in the league
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso.:)
Can't say I'm surprised my little boy likes ska.
So I pretty much accidentally chopped off piece of my pinky in the gym. Wonderful!
team bulls for life. got a derrick rose t-shirt jersey for my support
Dawn, can you get Epson toner cartridges T007 and T009 ? This is for an Epson Photo 1280 printer.
had a great time talking about the Boston Tea Party with lawyers and judges at the Social Law Library in Boston. Signed a few books.
two different people with a documentary told in two different ways
Nature nurtures us, destroys us, then allows us to heal and regrow. Reminding us to never underestimate its power over us
Hahahahahahaha. "this girls got a big Appetite"
Love Love LOVE The Script ... I'm falling to pieces, I'm falling to pieces___!
You're on our good side thanks to Vivian.
Its illegal for natural supplement and food producers to share science-based health info support the Free Speech about Science Act(HR 1364)
4/21 I'M L!VE IN THE AGG @ DreamWorld Music Complex & IN FTW @ Score's Bar & Grill for the Dale Carter Foundation's "Grind Hard for a Cause"
Which is my whole brain. but yes it is satisfied. I can still feel it...i must do it to zach next time
Mars is within reach people, and it doesn't have to be paid for from our taxes
liked your facebook and reverb!
hank you for the follow!
Oh that should say automatic
The Serve Report lists Ohio Special Services Group () as one of the top 75 "influential must-follows"; Inv & PS Agencies on Twitter.
Innovation is the result of creation.
on this hot day i need a nice cold beer
I don't know how to sing...
compete in what?
Great things are brewing. Can't wait to share!
watching the NFL draft(;
magazine at my doctor's office!. Better than Oprah or Ladies Home Journal.
Yep. I was among the #googleio losers today. :(
Start your weekend early!!! Come relax on our patio or head to the bar for Ladies' Night!!! HALF OFF ALL DRINKS!!!!!!!
No weapons formed against you will prosper. Isaiah 54:17
So tired... Need to rest....
In your opinion, please: what is the best CD label for contemporary music? I'd be curious to hear your thoughts! Thank you!
