The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it. Medawar, P. B.
#Str8LykeDes... Ion wanna talk believe what you want real shit.. I tried of childish people...
smh who u telling im hot bout that bcuz he didnt/dont have to do stuff like that
I miss ! but im just setting here home by myself obsessing over bluejeans and stuff! ;)
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today? This humidity in Van Hise is making my hair a little frizzy... :/ wa-wa.
So important - curate content but never pirate content!
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate. I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
I found an airtight syllabus, and (kind but firm) consistency on my part made all the difference.
"Try to put on your innovation blinders" Great agency speak on
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
“: Kansas isn't all that. Osu should have taken care of business without Sullinger.
money money money
Yankees fans that r still shocked and Tex performance at the plate amaze me,havernt yall been watching this guy hit the last 3 yrs.
not going tonight. Just hurt my foot.
Get a special matinee price to King Tut when you visit The Children's Museum of Indianapolis weekdays from 2:00pm-close.
will do and thanks :)
I stand with you guys and say it: Fed crackdown on medical pot is criminal and downright immoral
I know but I was generous enough to give it lol
Feet just touched down in CHICAGO!!!
Legitimately dont think sheila has ever correctly played a song i'm trying out for a solo with
thank you for following
Awh you'll do well! And good to hear from you too! And I'm so occupied with my band when I should be worrying about my finals :/
go on you &type in STEVE KARDYNAL DOES WARPED!! ;P
sounds like a human being
Rita, you did your thing that December. Thank you.
Thanks for the follow and stay social
Hoping The Menu has something good in store for me tonight...
RT : Service design can promote sharing over owning and create service envy -Shelley Enanson/Facebok
This just in from Philly...The Penguins scored again. It is now 11-3!
Katy's hair looks dreadful!!! EWWWW!!!
There we go #Sixers!!!!
Smash time!
Hey have a great day & surprise someone cook or buy them dinner it it's fun..
#CreativeCloud still question the Cloud
Lawl RT ": it's the dudes who never got hoes to begin with that got these spare tire ass bitches thinking 24's"
The answer to last tweet about guessing price for a Japanese antique plate: C. $25,000.
haha! My second favorite: "Hey girl, I like what I see above (and below) the fold."
You might be right.lol especially since we have enough vodkas.
Have I mentioned I'm going to Disneyland on Thursday? I'm so excited!
Amen to that!
Congrats!!! That's awesome, good luck! At least you'll still be close to home
thanks! I am sure you will get to it and it will look wicked awesome. All full of Cardinals and cats in bath tubs and stuff...
Stop making fun! Lol what's up man?
They talkin bout how funny think like a man was on lets stay together. Man i gotta see that movie this weekend
I dont understand what your fucking problem is but you have been really fucking bitchy lately and I DON'T LIKE IT.
R.I.P. Davy! I still to this day sing Your songs.
this may or may not be because the Reds manager is Named #Dusty Baker.. Which definitely is my favorite name in all of sports
░R░E░T░W░E░E░T░ Hey follow me:D
it was one of the better life choices I have made I must say
Why do I have an appetite of a whale today?! A subway sandwhich. two cookies and three cups of coffee later!!!
Just submitted vCenter Ops Standard Lab for #VMworld 2011. May even get to be a Lab Captain this year!
OH It's 5am,
Chiana:Have you been messing with the couch? My "cushion dent" doesn't feel right.
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city! Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
Spending the day to myself
Can't help but wonder how many tweets I have to retweet before I win something
take those fucking heals off its worth it girl nothin is what I can picture you in take that fucking dress off I swear you wont forget me ;*
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet?! :)
special shout out always great to know an accomplish author. I been wrkig on a S play for 10 yrs book 4 15
I went from having one niece to, two nephews & a niece this yr. My pockets bout to be thin.
quit copying my volvo swag.
iam not impressed..at al
Hahhaa was inspired by the trends. We know what that means...
Jealous! Where u at? Definitely in June when I'm back.
I go to sleep looking forward to tomorrow, because I'll be one step closer to my dreams :).
hi mike, good to know re: iStreamer, good for my living room that is, not my wallet. Both good deals though!
it is mine now too it is so funny and cute
girls, please show more of your ass off in your fb pic, it's not already noticeable enough of course.
Character counter not only inaccurate but also my DMs are blocked, incorrectly flagged as over 140.
My Cocker Spaniel Dog is the cutest but dumbest dog alive
Appears to be another muggy day in the Great Plains today.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out. IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
Austiin you so got this<3
don't act like you don't know. Lame
#neverapologizefor being honest
Congrats to the Bat Cats for pulling out a thrilling, extra-inning win tonight against Indiana.
Is there a song in their somewhere? ;-)
Really??? I can't believe it. I don't think SK+G had the best tag....proof you need social media front and center!
tnx i followed bak can yhu also follow ILL FOLLOW YUH BAK WIT IT ALSO
ur so beautiful god bless u they laugh at u cause ur beautiful and there not lmao
Cool, see you soon!
Just realized it's probably not a good idea to live tweet my paper-writing difficulties when my professor follows me.
it actually makes sense. Heaven is filled with boring people who only tolerate each other if a horrible pastime is involved
lmao I'm not a mom, I don't have kids!! Hahhahaha
'The problem is not in our behavior; the problem is in US. We don't need an upgrade. We need transformation. We need a miracle.'
Its raining this early in the day! #FloridaWeather .....
Is it wrong that my son & his friends want to sing the BeeGees song Stayin Alive for a school project when they visit an assisted living hm
...its paid. Surprise.
Carbon Monoxide is extremely harmful and can kill within minutes. Consider installing a CO detector for the safety of you and your family!
like us on Facebook!
It's Natl Coquilles St. Jacques Day! It's a rich mixture of butter, cream, mushrooms and Parmesan cheese, baked in a scallop shell.
Thanks for the #FF love!
Isn't AAM May 2nd? I'm so confused! (and have no access to my personal email/calendar yet :P)
I don know where these welts comin from but theyre killin me. Tried epsom salt bath, tried benadryl, tried everything :-(
My iPhone... sounded cool idea to iphone5 or billups leaves: um, no. he's finally in trouble for velvet.
Been loving #couchella with the incredible live stream. Andrew Bird, The Shins, and Explosions have all rocked it. Stoked for Bon Iver
true statements all around but
“All wealth is based upon systems” "Think of these business systems as bridges. Bridges that will provide a path for you to cross safely...
Why waste your time getting hurt by someone, when there’s someone else out there waiting to make you happy?
I don't think that'll help o.o lol
Redneck word of the day "Apparent" its obvious to me lookin at your belly your gonna be apparent!
might as well crack out the bible and the holy water.
Nice pick that's what I'm doin right about now.
Cant Wait to have u there !!
Thanks for the retweet! What's new with you?
W/e
Wait one second.....! is married with children!? Lol #themost I didn't know! #knowledgedlearnedfromTerrellTilford .com
So today feels like day to juss sleep (yawns)
TONIGHT! LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!! BIG DEBUT!!! TOMORROW ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION! ONLY $5 ALL NIGHT!!
are you running a high fever?????
Good evening. :)
that tweet could be hashtagged with
Ricky Barnes -4 in first round at
Holy Shit !!! I can't believe how blind i was LOL In 2 weeks i will have my right eye operated on
Save money today on ERock! RT : Early Registration END's Tonight! Last chance to register before the fees go up
RT : When we're not ready to learn, everything seems obvious. When we're ready, the simplest things are profound.
Good night mahomies! and much letters of love kjagskfgJAGFKHGDSHSGkjdshkghakjfhgknzxkjhbzxn<3
RT : Creative and engaging advocacy from the M.N. Spear Memorial Library in Shutesbury, Mass. What unique way(s) has......
thx for coming. hope u enjoyed the films :)
Can't believe this bitch just peed on the fuckin kitchen floor.. he gon say chrissy water water.. den pee
seriously! please come out here and make it easier for us fans. I really want to see you in LA
working on out innovating them right now.
what!? Your the one who kissed him ! Hahaha
Are you going to visit Paula Deen's House o' Butter?
Tonight come kick back tonight w us at filmbar. 2nd st just South of Roosevelt. We gotta cool vibe going on for our wed night "The Hump"...
That was so unrelated
Is it sad that I am excited the ESPN iPhone App just updated the College Football section with all week 1 games? (Times TBD)
Voting now on #Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
Happy St Patricks Day Weekend to all my Irish Tenors and lilting Lassies! May the Irish Luck be with you!
absolutely, gonna get it on my calendar now!
Exciting H&A updates to share. Finalizing details. Announcements to be made through out February!
non comparable.
We must unite as one until we get our man in the dugout! RYNO!!!
He was one of the pioneers of the digital age. If I had a black turtleneck, I would be wearing it tomorrow.
a religious man might tell you that He wouldn't give you anything you couldn't handle.
Today is a good day for some ROI.....
My favorite public bathrooms are the ones with black toilets. No one needs to see that shit.
u obviously no more than me but not sure i agree W/ this from outside looking in
emani is like a sis to me. So....
new york really loves you! :)
Props on new gig w/NBC. America's awaiting u & Seacrest to cover the Olympics, for u to make us laugh & him cry #please?!
Until I discovered Really Expensive Denim at age 22, all my pants ran high water. Maybe this is the root of my resistance to "ankle"?
Yes! are we on Q4? Did I miss the prompt?
PA is actually a pretty state, at least to drive through. Rolling, lush, green hills. Must be beautiful in fall...
I'd certainly think so
that's so money!
Net10 sucks, bought the wrong minutes card and customer support would not refund my minutes or service days. I'm getting a new cell company.
She want that c c c c c c cake... Oh baby I like it.
Sometimes I dream of moving to San Francisco (& Paris!) but then I look at the rental prices & think I'd rather just visit more often!
"Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open."
White Tiger Sweatshirts are in!!!!! Come buy yours today!
Lmaooo no O.O she better not -.-
#VisualsViaVenom = Video Producer of the Year! Congratulations ! Thanks for all of you guys' support!
hah yeah total dare devils crossing the street without looking #yolo lol
please participate in #kohails patch testing and sign-off process
snow was my enemy today. The stupid white stuff decided to fall only during the morning commute in Cincinnati this morning. Fun. ;)
Loyal to my soil
I Will Always Lovee You '!
China quite dumping crappy products here. Fair trade too.
541. See ya!
Thanks for the RT. How have you been?
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
Doumit ties everything up at Target Field. Fireworks baby, fireworks.
RT : Blocking social networking sites is like building a fence. Does the fence have a gate in it? Is it a barbed wire fence?
nope. they never mentioned his name.
Excuse me mam sint my fault i misspelled ONE word ! But Meisha over here perkibg on you !
Why do quys say they'll call us, when they never do?. We wonder if it was just a one-niqht stand?. Why do WE have to text them first?. O.o
RT : he needs to to be out and about. Sure would like to see him ^_^ <~ WE SHALL BE
If they keep it up, Genoa and Inter will finish this 8 on 8.
Factor God into all equation in your life You+God =Power&Success
Sometimes, I wonder...if my child would have been a good person...would have good moral character...would treat people right...
"As a matter of fact, our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down."
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 8
@ my cuzins b-day.
Yayy aunt followed me!!!!!! Thank you !!:D
Workouts to blow off steam are the beat.
Cleaned all day.. it feels so good to sit :)
@ How am i full of bullshyt tho
You'd be amazed how few people send thank-you cards after interview. #USCEdGrad Palisoc
Airport, boston time :) with
I wonder what & will be doing when I drive through GB at 4:30.
change of plans mk losers semi, losers final and grandfinal will be streamed
You know what happens when you don't comply with the venue requirement of 15 U.S.C. § 1692(i)? Some consumer lawyerin', that's what.
In case you can't tell, we had an AWESOME time at the premiere tonight. Breaking Dawn!
Today is Multiple Personality Day! What? Yeah who? I mean me! No I mean me. Wait. You? Me!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 66F FAIR
I got some Apple Kush. Hit me up.
just saw a ghetto midget wow, our boy ryan is in denver, and I just got quized on my ny I'd and forgot where I lived
: Can't make it today. SO bummed. Too many stuffs to do in too many places! NEXT TIME! GIVE'm HELL!
Stay safe #Wichita. Batten down the hatches.
so my bestfriend calls me just to tell me that i will not be going to UH because im moving in with him and going to San Jac.
can kill 150 people
OOOOhhhh, hello :) First tweet, and i'm hungry
You don't get a better education going to a more expensive school, you just get better contacts...
Done with AP exams!
Matt Smith is in Central Park filming Doctor Who. I would kill to meet him.
that awkward moment when someones "Gucci" sign is missing a C ..lmao tho funny, its very sad lol
In the last hour they've gone through a mouse and two bunnies. They're gonna get huge!
Ugh dev is perfect
Hope's shrinking, When I try to speak, no words; lip-syncing, Hope this is not just wishful thinking.......Kn
awesome, will do.
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Joe, the Pitt game may be on ESPN 8 - "The Ocho".
There 2 Chainz Tweets Are Funny
Any time!
This #megamillions thing is like a real life version of the golden ticket in Willy Wonka!
Irritated as fuck.
I just got called off work but I'm not gonna tell the sitter....BWAHAHAHAHA
What should I do with my week off?! Sleep? Do laundry? Have sex!?
This is really who I am, and it took a long time to be okay with that. -Lady Gaga
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. ~ Dorothy Parker
I hate the battery in my phone it dies to fast. Ugh
Kudos to Gov, Christie!
it's amazing how easy the "adding to circles" functions works
lol Don't get surgery you look fine.
RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge. Lane closures
Responded to FIRE @ 1063 New Lots Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Hey you, sir, just made my day!! Hope you got a double cheese!
There inability to hit HRs or even score runs is what bothers me.
May you have a great day, and no bull$hit come your way !!
I'd vote for something floating in the toilet before I vote for obama or whatever his name is!!!!!
One of the most effective exercises to target upper body is the push-up. With so many variations, it's easy to find a favorite!
I love that when my kid says he loves me, or his mama, or his brother, he includes that he loves himself too.
Aw, you two talked again? :)
Exhausted today...I need a massage. And a margarita ...
Merry Christmas to everyone, and especially to those behind the steel bars. I know it's a tough day brothers and sisters, much love for you.
Bought to sleep~ and forget about orgo!
sounds familiar!
OR 30 days from original tweet. And "challengers" have 30 days to unseat it. King of the Mountain-style.
danm my girl is coming over and my house looks like a tornado passed through gotta do the quicky through everything in the closet
Can a team have 3 shutdown corners?
Free webinar today, 2 pm ET. & lead discussion on real-life #libjobhunt strategies. Register now...
;) great sex! Lol
Lmao girls from the Philippines probably have a legitimate reason to think this.
Julie just woke me up from a dream in which Ashton Kutcher and I were becoming really good friends. Thank you for waking me up.
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
What?? Why? ": Source confirms Jarrod Uthoff leaving #badgers men's hoops team."
No moochin over here (:
Hi Melissa, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns. Follow me to DM?
Fake As Fuck ?
The fog is so thick on the way to Austin. It&quot;s like we&quot;re on the road to musical heaven.
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away."
Dinner and drinks with and is a happy panda!
Thanks I love all the input on new music !  (via )
Overnight his ass to me and I can start with knee caps...
When walks too slow <
We wish we were there too! Miss you so much :)
All of our counselors know their partners!!! Camp is getting so much closer!!!!
I GOT HER FUCKED UP BOUT ME.......
to everyone who wants to judge me, I only have one thing to say: If your so damn perfect, let me see you walk on water...
hating this first band at the #rooney show. waiting paitiently for robert and the rooneys.
RT : Aye! U can burn up wit all dat lol
Those damn love bugs are back in Central Florida. Had to grab some out of my hair on my break before. Ugh. My head is not a honeyroom suite!
Women: you get to drink free at
Looking at wonderful book-in-progress by 's thematic option students
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat.
Another nice day floating around the sandbar.
Yet the President is a MILLION years ahead of Dick Cheney on his "everything else" stance.
Thank you, radio, for that live cut of Badlands.
I am positively DYING to see/hear these things on video. Keep us all posted if you find any :)
tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama
A #HappyThanksgiving to
My pepperoni nipples are a sight to see.
Im bout too be too bored at this house
The ABC Working Group discussed possible changes to the alcohol licensing protest process and possible hour restrictions on outdoor seating.
RT #Leo's natural instinct is to be the best.
The word around town is..."IP3 is okay...sometimes good, but Camos Brothers is GREAT!"
wow is he that good?
I finally got back in town and watched the finale..what'd you think? & How'd you do on the lottery?
it's a party it's a party it's a party.
lol I know dude u know who I'm talkin about right
Today, I would prefer to just go back home, sketch and read. But, I'm working instead
Gonna go with a good 30%
FOLLOW ***** and watch your followers grOW
I am more than happy to help. Call 1-800-MAGAZINES and ask for me. Thanks.
We can lead with integrity from anywhere in an organization & infuse it into the culture over time.
agreed, & co THE BEST!! love it
Council members are now pledging to find cuts to double after school programs and to urge a supplemental budget w/ that funding.
I can't wait to go home. You can't stay in Vegas too long. I'm not into this many people ALL the time.
Forgot to tell that i convinced three more people to buy her book, and they loved it.
We are looking for a rockstar UX Designer. Quirky, fun and experience with enterprise software / websites are a must. DM for more info.
NO , I'm #tiredoftrying you actually have to put in the effort to be tired .
we goin in
I just made this account.. yesterday? 10 followers in 1 day, thats pretty good, lol. xD
February 8th at The Hotel Cafe in LA! I'm there!
good point
I audit your milkshake.
Oops that last one was for you.
#thatawkwardmoment When your friend tells u. That he's on the date with the girl in SCHOOL he was scaried to talk to. EVERYONE HIT THAT ha
The republicans choice to run for president is Mitt Romney. Make sure their elephant mascots name is dumbo! PLease follow and Retweet!
I'm going Pats 27 Giants 20...no way they're losing to this team twice in the Super Bowl
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
Hrmf. Haven't really laffed hard in a while. INTERNET... AMUSE ME.
thanks for the shirts they turned out great. Definitely appreciate it the crew loved them
Amazing energy on the mall today. Democracy at work.
1 of my fav things bout AMC's 'The Killing'=excellent writing=the characters remain the same, but u think they change as ur perspective does
Spring / Summer Shooting season starting early this year in Milwaukee? it's not even the weekend
you both make me so proud and happy! I will support both of you through anything and everything! I love ya'll.
Retirement: World�s longest coffee break
this is joe sunday, we did the song "strip" today. When you ready to talk bout tracks, hit me up! I spoke to E already
ha u funny kuzn i cant do nothing but lmfao on that 1
RT: Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Red koi......Icon???? Interesting night....
I have a true story about him! Remind me to tell you sometime!
Twitter is full of dumb niggas with smart phones !!!!!!
Oh congrats new grad!! :) is he still alive? lol
Well, thanks for sharing. Will take a gander this weekend and add it to the blogroll.
how bout trying to find my bag?
We found people returning again and again to monthly weekend workshops, and the 30 day gaps meant it was hard on them.
OMG! I woke so late! daamn it -.- haaha w.e Going to the movies to Watch My sister's Keeper with amaziing girl Follow her! n_n
happy mothers day!
Flipboard app for iPad is an interesting way to experience social media. Very print-like for old-fashion guys like me.
That's actually pretty funny. “: peeing is foursquare for dogs.”
memphis needs to continue to left Gay and Randolph dominate the ball and left Mayo abd conely be spot up shooters
you guys are the best!! Thanks for an awesome website
FLOPHOPPER doing his thing for NE
I miss that raw and real music you use to produce Teddy!
Fuck prince charm, give me a frog that fucks me all night!
hopefully that knocked something into place for Cruz. One of my underperformers so far
"I just want to be near you..." Don't you wish you knew... :)
i know! i will call you later okay? i have that phone card w/ ur name on it sitting on my desk 4 the last 3 weeks
Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
I want today to go as quick as possible... I want Friday already:(
bahahahahaha, Roenicke left Conrad in to hit knowing he was going to remove him in the top of the inning? So ridiculous.
Question: Blunts, Bongs, or Paper Planes???
have fun!! Oh and have a drink or two for me!!
There is going to be a lot of BC fan speculation, and I can't blame anyone at all
Uggh, you kno what pisses me off? Idont even cuss thaat much, but when it accidentally comes out, its AWLAYS around the WRONG person! >:|
Sorry. I'm used to fundy's who would not care if this guy died because he wasn't trinitarian. Or listened to music with a beat.
Retweet if girls actually look better with no makeup on.
“: Gooooooaaaaall! Greatest thing about a 12:00 game is watching the Flyers after!”LOVING IT GREAT JOB HUNTER NICE WIN TODAY
you added me? I guess it takes time to appear. I don't see it ;~;
Y'all realize that most Lonely Chicks have atleast 1 Kid.. After her Baby Daddy left, she gave up on Love! :)
my bad not tuna commercial. Smh.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition Chi-Town stand up
the 'Skys the Limit' article on bout n is quite good! im on that bandwagon rest of playoffs
sorry it's not going well. you get to talk about Bowie at least?
Took a little nap but I still have a barometric pressure headache. I hate those.
Where do you want to be seen with your Mom, Grandma, Aunt, Sister on Mother's Day - why at SDSU's production of Little Women of course!
just isn't the same without the pink and purple hair lol
. Thanks for the RT! Great to tweet-meet you!
I just got my tickets for The Avengers tomorrow! :')
Fear vs. Hope. What "The Hunger Games" can teach us about entrepreneurship & small biz: /bit.ly/HjLSdR
Goods givers have household income over $50,000, southern, college educated
Please be safe this holiday season. We need you!!!!!
check it out :)
No problem. I always like to see what other artist are saying and doing. I hope one day we can meet and do some projects together
Whats up priscilla an we justd adair forever we just want to say by we t moving out of town yes
Instead of a national curriculum for education, what is really needed is an individual curriculum for every child - Charles Handy
Firefox is notorious for eating larger and larger chunks of RAM the longer it runs. Always has.
"70% of archeology happens in the library." ~Dr. Jones
Happy Hour 3-6pm. Dinner 5-10pm. and Friends late night. You know how this works, its
You should know that "squee yourself to death" has been making me laugh for approximately 10 minutes.
Shush, I love Diablo. Always will.
Watching babies being born in parenting...
#Solid........I think My Single Spell Is Damn Near Over
did Ryan say hi yet?
please follow! <3
shut-up your annoying.
Hey guys, seriously go check out Kung Fu Panda 2. The animations are various and brilliant. You'd be amazed at how well they all blend.
Thank you! Hope you will enjoy it!
They are now playing JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME and LOCKOUT, though.
Well Closing Time hangover supplements is sold at in EL :) or watch for our twitter contests!
stay home!!! U belong in a box!! lol aa frootloop box! Lol
the whole illegal public camping measure is terrible too, the homeless might migrate to Aurora
um but seriously about that beer...
Dear Ms Elm, 'Literature is weird!' is not an acceptable excuse as to why we have to watch Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
as long as i get to work for , then i'm in.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes. Doctor Who
Institute for Supply Management: Services sector index in April dropped to 53.5% from 56.0% in March to mark worst reading since December.
it's not as good without my beautiful model
March 31, 2012 Food Truck Wars begins in Central Florida. 40 food trucks, live music, silent auction, beer garden, 5 national judges.
Q&A: Anna Chlumsky Talks Funny, Physical Comedy In &#39;Veep&#39;
only 2-0 lead in mlb #postseason..yep your milwaukee !!!
ok :) I have a Idea if I could re-name my personal we could use that 1 :)
ah yes of course...*Moon goggles*. ;o)
Thanks - I love you, too, LOL!
only thing i need to say is
With attack ad blitz starting on Romney, if Huntsman can come in second in NH he cold have momentum going into s Carolina
Just fall asleep
If I had badges to give out, would get a Promptness badge for sending the first video of from last night's round
I don't know why all these IGNORANT teabaggers are trying to make fun of Obama for eating dog. ALL hard-core Muslims eat dog?? Duh, MORONS!!
= used 2 cross boundaries borders in edu. The tool that helped me break up w my long distance bf is revolutionizing edu
Tonight, I feel old.
Thanks! It's been really fun to write; I'd be more than happy to share once I get it revised!
What's New? Well, I've Been Listenin 2 K-Pop 4 A While, I Hung Out With Friends Yesterday, & 2Day Is A Do Nothin Day 4 Me :P
i wanna put fat in my bio. but god dayum its perfect already.
Good choice, I was using today's record, forgot. The Cubs will: still not have a World Series Win, have a RWNJ who's Fucked!
I don't think zombie Jew will care all that much that you missed it.
Pecans most likely :-)
just goin to take my babies out..cook,clean. You?
of course. We both share the Marquette connection.
Going to school with only my tambo and case of reeds in my backpack. It's going to be a good day.
appearently my 'certification of birth' i received at birth from the state of MD is not a valid birth certificate in MD anymore. what???
So they are banning pot smoking by tourists in The Netherlands. O.o
Some people are just so gullible. omgg
See if you can spot me in the next issue off VICE magazine in JUNE!!!
sunny saturday in sf. no rain! sfjazz spring season on sale to general public tomorrow. big thanks to sfjazz members for best pre-sale ever!
Now for the million dollar question (no pun intended) what is the ROI on social media?
Oh goodie. Just have to wait until football times are over.
because you're awesome. Watcha up to?
RT : Before I go. #Kobey #loose. Never forget. <- NEVER
get another bf
,be really careful in mexicoo chachii ! ( : hope you have a safe tripp!!!
"I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!-oriented." (Mexican sportscaster at a job interview) Conan O'Brien
I'm on writing lock down this weekend.I'm off the air for a bit. Inbox or message me. Time to visit with my series characters. Bye!
man i'm feeling like some homemade mac n cheese
he in fact is sexy. along with every band boy! haha
Kashief Lindo performs today in Miramar Regional Park. Love and Light
Rocking my Blue CAT socks for opening day of #UKBaseball.Listening in for to bring some swag to the field, bro! #Cats>Terriers
Oops I thought I was! I am following you now a-hole!!
Now only if would just follow me already... I can be happy & on with my life...
Hahaha...are you moonlighting as a member of Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards?
my girl is one of a kind<3
I need to stop checking the weather for #OpeningDay every 5 mins. 50 and sunny.
ok im bout to add u...
August, Chicago, IL. I will let you know lol!
Yes, I do and definitely planning to submit that way!
Wiped out during the first mile of my long run.. I have now experienced it all during these 4 months of training
#I'll be Casper in a new version of Larry Clark's 'KIDS' directed by Nadja Marcin. Casper in the original movie was played by Justin Pierce
whatever truthfully I could care less because I just made this too talk to new people and catch up on
Drive safe! ;)
We get some pretty strong reactions from folks when we weed so we have to keep it on the DL
i love em.
Our rooftop is perfect for Lazy Sundays
I know. I love living in the future.
Happy Friday eve! We hope everyone has a productive Thursday!
night! “: Good night everyone! #Motorama”
Bummer about Pep leaving Barça. Dude is all class. Vilanova has some big shoes to fill.
Will do. We start tomorrow, but I don't expect too much until we start the research project in a few weeks
They have been a sponsor of No Holds Barred in the past. The Expo is not too far from me so they don't have to bring me in,
Today is Day 2 of my +P90X & +Insanity ASYLUM Hyrbid - getting ready for +Beachbody Coach Summit 2012 in +Las Vegas
#rcdlc South area recognizing similarities in day to day activities - stabilizing our regions in daily activities
Ready to go to Lawton
first reception! welcome back GJ!
it's raining cats dogs frogs hamsters and elephants out here
Saying no to pink goop... it's time for
Hi Sharon, thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
I'm on top of the world and i run this fuxking shit
Awesome! I'm so jealous you get to see Paranormal Activity!! Let me know what you think of it
One hour until #ICT4D live discussion with in #TC104. Can't wait!
In other words, according to , keep the canon dirty.
almost forgot...buckets.
WhatDoWePlayNext.com welcomes its newest writer "Exsisto". Read his first article on 1 Nov at 11am. Can you feel the anticipation?
Veggie bite is such an enormous ripoff.
Congrats to Illinois on winning GRLC title. Best of luck in Greenville
You Seem Very Interested In My Question So Can You Answer ? ": ......... RT So Are Krabby Parties ,Crab Cakes ...?"
Not yet about what?
About to watch film & then hit the practice floor. The preparation began this morning. Now time to sharpen & focus.
RT“: 's personality >>”
Thanks! I know there's more!
I decided my new place needs a bar w/ wheels to disguise the pole in the living room.
Wow. Broadcast journalists are V-A-I-N. Women and men spending forever and a day getting makeup caked on their face ...
RT : Reporters looking 4 comment on the record lows in mortgage rates can Tweet us 4 an expert 2 comment.
just when you thought couldn't be a bigger asshole, he morphs into the new joe mccarthy. censure this faux patriot.
Never ever apologize for saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for party rocking
welcome aboard Team leader with an affinity for human interaction, psychology, design, and technol Managing Director
#YesPls RT Leo DiCaprio never died in Titanic. Last scene: him going underwater. 1st Scene in Inception: him waking up on a beach
Time to start my day
include in it
Don't worry, I won't. Infinity Ward lost me at BlOps.
Smoking hot girl just walked into Brookhaven Starbucks. Has guys and girls alike captivated. Complete strangers exchanging looks like "wow".
Home sweet home
I was replying to your tweet about what people who don't live in New jersey and new York do in the summer
so excited!!!!
DEATH TO JOFFERY.
On a side note #BBN. Has some good looking fans!
Did you go to Pizza King?
I'm so glad im outta high school.
that's great! Coming out of your shell huh? Lol.
Cold morning in Boston, and it is going to snow tonight, I kind of miss the snow but I don't miss the shoveling of snow.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY LOVE!!!!
Working with someone you love and knowing you will never have that person simple just makes the wound hurt even more
Gimme 1 of the 5 you get “: 'Frank Lloyd Wright Designs,' a beautiful book of FLW's color sketches, would make for a great Xmas
i still have no internet :'(
Hope You're having a great weekend!
that's so awesome!
im going to bed so im done. :-) lol lol lol lol you liked my big toe one lol
i kno ua stupied ass anit tlking with ya wing worm ass forehead yup bitch boo ya
first sunburn of the year, not mad about it
Hope G Street treated you well. Let me know if you want to go back sometime and I'd def be down!
#ULTRABAR THURSDAY LADIES Y'ALL FREE BEFORE 11 ON THE GUESTLIST SEND NAMES TO ME 202-200-7627
If you're on Seattle campus you best be lookin' at them Sakura.
How very American Beauty of you.
oh wow...that was so long ago! Good memories though haha. Can you believe that was four years ago?!
You're too sweet. I'm leaning on your inspiration today, Geoff! RT GET BETTER! Twitter needs your inspiration!
yeah we 'bout it errdayyy
County convention. Apples and peach cream pie.
"I celebrate the guy's entire catalog."
you rock! Just in case you didn't know . . .
You're welcome! Great to see you! :) RT : Thanks for everything at COA yesterday - Great to get to meet other talent.
I am ready to talk marketing business, what's good?
Riding solo on #TMDNASCAR this morning... Send any song requests to this morning for
Do be Pixar, PLUS have a backup.
Are we investing more in our portfolio or our legacy?
Not a viewing party. They have 30 tix in our stadium in new BV section of our stadium. Selling at diff BV's each home match
is 10:10 too early for lunch?
I'm loving the weather as well. Spent much of the week taking with candidates about becoming part of our team. Always fun
Go #Patriots - wipe out the #Chiefs! Way to go #Bruins - consec win number 9. #Valentine - come and be #Redsox Mgr - oh yes #BC -
What does that mean??
I feel so sick right now. :((
RT : I AM STOKED TO BE GOING TO NASHVILLE 4 ANYONE GOING? TWEET ME AND LET ME KNOW... Yes! :)
house in about an hour ;)
lol well said
Awe,thanks for the follows you guys!
hi F :) what is name of #Twitter app/site u referenced recently i think that lets u tweet your 'open office' hours on twitter?
Netflix Instant will screw with the aspect ratio of DRIVE once it hits on Wednesday, right? They seem to be doing that more and more lately.
Meeting with and #FitnessOnTheRocks at Ink Coffee...good stuff soon!
hey cool thanks
I'm the happiest girl in the world!
after my mom had taken her leave of abscence as a teacher she couldn't get re-hired bcuz she had master's "overqualified"
Amen to that
Word to my man for the follow! Preciate that!
Hi(: what game show would you go on if you had the chance? Much love! <3
Don't want to get out of this bed
this is not my fault i blame my parents
R.I.P ICONiac!
..you're cool, baby! I can feel that, cheers! -Stronodelarosa
all day young lady! Making it a great one
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
Thai basil curry exotic vegetable chips w/ artichoke/spinach dip : safe zone radius from ground zero nominally 15 miles.
No diggity and
Saw rehearsal run of Mamet's“ Bobby Gould in Hell” last night. Cast is amazing and funny.
nigga please. Dorian that shit you talkin don't faze me get on yo grown man and come tell me wat you gotta say
I need chapp stick 💄
hopefully. Got to change some recipes.
RT : "We're going to have a large playbook." Mike Tice said. "We're going to play fast."
You like "Teaching your dog to ride a motorcycle, but that fuckin' mutt can't get the hang of it and slams into a brick wall at 67 MPH."
Friday On..! This Mah Movie <3
Rabbit Angstrom is a total bastard and I love him. "Rabbit, Run," John Updike.
Finished my very LAST TAKS test today. (: Oh, finally. I can't wait for senior year.
feel better :)<3
Oscars in #nakedgun would be better... RT : Next year the Oscars should be modeled after the Oscars in The Bodyguard.
are you going to Indy Metro Football Coaches Clinic tonight? I saw one of your coaches is speaking!
yayy! Im so glad it came! And okay! :)
Argh, stupid autocorrect. Meant il Vero Alfredo. Wife and I went there on our honeymoon. Fettucine Alfredo served family style
We will be putting up a teaser for our new song "North Korean Democracy" Within the next few days! Stay tuned for it.
There's a really good chance I'm going to buy Roxette's greatest hits on iTunes. It's awesome and only $7.99.
I try to think ahead on such things. Red wine, cocktails, beer: Bring it on.
OH MY GOD BRITANY RYAN'S IN LOVE WITH YOU
what's a cream pie bro?
thanks for the #FF!
I don't understand ppl who can't feel a beat..I catch myself working out to the beat..but maybe that's bc I dance better than I walk haha!
I'm going to put info in my Walker fund-raising return envelope.Nyeh.
I'm gonna miss you while your gone D':
“: Im actually feeling the pressure of the A.P tests coming up. Dam this is so intense, its less than a month away.” same -.-
Flat tire on my birthday? No fair.
air super thick out here.. def chill by the lake.. goin west young man!
I hate when people Fake stuff!!!
My buckeyes going end
Got to 200 should I post a nude pic ?
#primaryschoolconfessions i took my remote control in my packed lunch box lol!
That Ritas Peanut Butter & Jelly is Gross!! All i have to say about that
Over my dead body
Flow of funds data out Thursday. Lenders tell me they are lending again--I am eager to see whether this is true.
My producer is off the chain!!! This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:-)
Got a new phone. Msg me if u don't got my number
Getting to finally meet up with to chat and get some tea! :))))
supported by the Technology in Practice (TIP) department.
Victoria Was Amazing On Ellen.Seriously i was crying!Cant wait for the concert and album #Proud #MakeItAmerica :{)
wait does this mean we are the winners??
I Promised Myself To Stay. . . But If She Broke Promise(S) Then Should I Leave ? "But Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right" Now I'm Lost. . . </3
men that aren't funny don't deserve to be on an island.
Pickup Line: Will you play army men with me.. so I can blow the hell out of you !
so u do know him
Slightly sunburned from today but all in all had a fun time at day away
I think they are idk maybe but I know that pants don't like hip in the urban areas
So... There's gonna be some Bball watching in the Commonwealth this Saturday. C-A-R-D-S Let's Go Cards!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
Don't let reality keep you from dreaming
ha yup
I've been ready for summer. I only have one more day of school left until I graduate :)
There are a surprising number of songs named "Nikola Tesla."
Can't go wrong with diapers!
While on 'comfort marketing' topic, we'll be re-introducing a well known and historical Wall Street brand to the marketplace. Stay tuned!
It's important to split test all of your marketing campaigns & measure all of your results in business.
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true
Hunger Games was amazing <3
Filmstock premiere of Pick Me! tonight. Three auditions this weekend. One student film with stipend, two theatre auditions with stipend.
Agreed. I wonder if there will be an amnesty clause in next #NHL CBA this summer. Offering lifetime contracts is always risky
Justin Moore will be performing at the Indiana County Fair on Wed. Sept. 1st. Be there.
Turned autocorrect off. Errors, like before, the result of my inability to do decent editing.
They just wanted to delay brady getting the ball back by 10 seconds.
>API Workshop. Congrats!!!!
so #gwawards is the hash tag? I'll be twuned in.
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
Do you think anyone has ever called Stephen King, Stephen "Queen," just to be funny?
we for sure do have a killer patio! Come on over!!
and and if you really want to shake things up, you could go with BLGT: Bell Gut.
If you keep giving DSLR shooters pointers on how to shoot near-perfect images, they won't need to hire u! U've been warned ;)
Found my Robot Masters stuff; Optimus Primal, Mirage, R-Blade, Star Saber and Victory Leo. As well as some convincing knockoffs. Cool!
SO many CMJ events...how does one choose?
San Diego Surf School is filming with discovery!
I'm the same way most of the time. There's a fine line between too early and on time. I haven't quite found that line yet.
Day 4 of Flat Belly #Diet cleanse - already lost 6.5lbs-actual diet starts tmrw. Will see how it goes pretty hungry so far...
what kind of music are you gonna play??
Starting next Thursday, we'll have Evan Christian playing indoors or out every week starting at 8:30 p.m.! Jazz Aftermath!
aww don't :( maybe twitter just messed up or something. Austin wouldn't do that to a fan for no good reason..
it wouldn't be right without them doe so I pick n choose
you know its getting closer to summer because thats when all the whores come out
#CommonTattoos Butterfly.. cz it means freedom among women
You take the bourbon, I'll take the red wine.
I love Groundhog Day!
“ We all have that one lazy coworker who we'd clock out and beat the fuck out of and then go back to work..”
getting ready to go out
“You have the power to free yourself from the mental prison that fear creates.
Don cornelius? No!
busy. But fun. Me Likey Tokyo very much.
Feeling kind of sick ugh!
Today in California: labor unions gather in Sac to protest service cuts, and 1970s leftist radical Sara Jane Olson is released from prison.
Come visit at LA fitness in Brookhaven. She has goodies from
GT Events, always striving to be the greatest, Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali!
MTV hits has Bieber Fever WOO TV is great!
Getting ready for final Atlas V countdown here at Cape Canaveral!
I love you so mutch.. I do somutch for you.. But you don't follow me. I'll go from Holland to Miami for you this summer
Plastic Surgery Too Soon? 10 Stars Who Are Rumored To Have Gone Under The ... - Radar Online
thanks.. x
I know you're a big fan of grilled cheese! Get over there!
hi how are you? i love you so much ♥
That's a great pic! Thanks for sharing!! They loved it!
SOUP SOUP SOUP SOUP
I'm thinking abt you, Queen, and sending love and energy your way.
Remind yourself that this is how students often feel in disengaging classrooms? Hope not to be like that? Not sure, feelyourpain
Wade what's the deal with this dude right now he is a mess.
WAtched this fucked up video 2n with this Chinese kid named le where this Russian guy got his head cut off it was real
You're welcome! LOL How have you been?
Lovely meeting and at the party last night - I promise to list something soon!
Things that make me smile condescendingly: People who still have STOP SOPA banners on their avatars.
and you call me fat
McDonalds Caesar salad is the truth.
Good For you Follow Me please
Your very welcome! Keep up the great branding! If you ever have questions about billboards or bus shelters I'd be happy to help :-)
Super Bowl Tailgate Pork Sliders demo today from 12 to 4
thanks-a-million follow
When this was published they were prob advocating jumping jacks to avoid pregnancy...
- haven't had bangs since I was 17.. the straight flat look has been my MO forever! NERVOUS to CHANGE, but NEED TO!
Exit row seat with no one in my row. Take that first class.
Pickup line from server at Cafe Coffee Day "Here's your lassi. Sweet, like you. Here's your sandwich. (Awkward pause) Like you."
I love that song to<3
Progressive thinker --> : i finally have a younger generation progressive thinker --&gt.
A huge bus crash on 37 S in Atascosa Co., over 10 ppl injured (via News4)
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
I'm one of 2 people that RSVPed to the at #FSPF facebook event ha apparently there are only 2 Houstonians who know what's up!
Vest show we've played yet if you ask me. TVA has the coolest fans period. We love you Sayy town. -dg
Thanks love!
I'm really liking the way our recording is going Can't wait to show you all some samples Soon very soon patience is a Crock I always say
#damnyouautocorrect amirite? haha...and yes, frosties are much needed. now go enjoy your cold one!
Haha, I agree rats can be demanding. We have some in the family as well. Great family pets though!
you're like one of the only people I follow who liked it. What is wrong with these people? Flashy, entertaining, sang huge hits.
cosign two times
eh.. I would have gotten him a TRX. Lol
I want cupcakes or a cake ugh. I'm gonna make some later if I get time
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
what did you call me?!
ever since they passed up Jordan in 85 they've been fucked
RT I think gay people need to get high they would see the world like I see it
I understand, Ali. YOU think the world's most perfect food is a pickle. It's definitely in the top 5. But tonight... ;o)
I am taking cues from all my academic tweetise-writing friends.
comes with it too!!
tape everyone together!
i am such a sucker for action packed superhero movies. the new x-men did not disappoint. and i'm in love with michael fassbender.
Well, you ARE a superstar :)
The Top people to follow on twitter to me are The One Direction Boys, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Demi lovato, Austin Mahone, And others
Just got a $1844 repair estimate on our $1200 Panasonic monitor. Don't want an AF100 or any other "pro" products from them any more.
Goodnight Dolls! :) ^_^
: Hey Danielle - were you tweeting from class?
I would say this is the one that made Pollan so popular. The omnivore's dilemma: bit.ly/q1waGy
She! And I had no idea you were such a cynic ;)
S/o to everyone who has voted for #yl. Keep voting and keep showing love
NEW TWITTER X
WebServius provides data monetization / API management / Data-as-a-Service solutions for owners of valuable structured data
I would be remiss if I did.
Come by tomorrow to enjoy some fabulous eggnog orchococlate mint milkeshake or smoothies.
stayin "posted" alright hoodlum
Scary finish. Ferrari needs to be penalized for sure. Otherwise just encourages reckless riding.
Reminded again that 'speaking to someone's listening' is much more effective than spouting my 'brilliant' advice
Mexican food is good, but it doesn't throw you into flavor country like Thai food does.
like an ihop!
hello lovely person :)
LET'S GO BRONCOS!!! Bring on that #MileHighMagic!!!!!!
Females find out if they nigga real or not when they get pregnant.
I have a secret for you guys 😎
ONE thing that will WAKE me UP out of my SLEEP for SURE HANDS DOWN don't matter how good the dream is would be THE SMELL OF FOOD.lol Yum
I'm not going to lie. The meatless Chorizo that I bought for dinner FREAKED me out. Hope it tastes better than it looks.
Many are chosen but few are PHROZEN!!!
I don't need to know theroms to see through your thinly veiled line of community college bullshit. Your high horse wants its dumbass back.
That would be a little to great! Now you HAVE to get it
learning final cut pro
Thank you for retweeting my tweet.
Any great local bands you want hear at World of Beer Brady Street? Let me know!
All I want in my next life is to be a Texas high school football player going to State.
True, why don't vampires just do research to cure cancer with the billion of years they're around...
And you can live off them without having to do shit hahaha
I'm glad the importance metadata is proven!
"He's going from a hip-hop fighter to a rap fighter" says ancient white guy, Larry Merchant on re: Mayweather
on tonight @ 9pm pst. Opportunity Village's Project Enable Supports - Thank You !
Lol aww well thanks soo are you!! yeah I love your name;)
Applying for jobs...
RT : molasses- goes perfect with rum
Early light of morning & I'm buzzed on Kombucha. Great way to start the day. =)
sushi at Destin's Harbor Dock's........possibly the best in the world!
I said move-y. Idgaf
Wow any documentation of that?
Damn those frakking #HR and #recruiting blog posts that start off with "the top 40 ways of..." blablabla.. There is NO TOP 40 you #moron!!
instead of ideation, I think of sketching as exorcism
Never paid more than $5, except the one time I went to Charlie's, and they charged me $6. Thank you sir, I won't have another.
lol ....this will be a big stretch for me....should be a blast...
Why do they always add Becky on the sad parts.?! :(
the show was incredible. It was so nice meeting you! BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
Jim O'Brien being fired was long overdue, Larry is next
Is there a charge for Art Alive and what time is it?
But be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek.
"Like you've never been, just, hammered...in college?"
It's America Recycles Day(?) Is that a reference to destructive, imperial foreign policy decisions we continue to make over and over again?
For true success ask yourself these four questions Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now? James Allen
Bondo needed again to fix the track if this crazy 500 makes 40 more laps. Driver diaspora under red flag!
The ebook-print debate is a false dichotomy
Good morning, good morning! Happy and blessed to see another day. God is good! Looking forward to a great day.
The Aji sashimi we have tonight is decadent at the very least...rich, flavorful, fills the mouth nicely. I know what my mid-shift snack is!
just saw you at LAX! Thought I recognized you...safe travels and enjoy detroit!
FWIW: is a Tweeting MACHINE.
Delayed in Denver
= followed y'll..follow back:)
not sure if people know yet - so not responding quite yet... ;)
After many years of airport dining denial, the time has come to resign myself to the fact that Manchu Wok food is gross. Is it even food?
please please please I AM BEGGING ON MY KNEES for a follow <3333 please please please!
trying to figure out best ways to use twitter in #eng3510 this fall. Will have students direct tweet me instead of giving out cell phone
yes feeling better thanks sis
Words of wisdom RT Who has learned to garden, who did not at the same time learn to be patient. ~ H.L.V. Fletcher
follow me its my dream
#ff & two very talented dudes that are on my album!!!
There have been no touchdowns scored in this game by offensive skill players
Building was filled with so many teens it scared our regulars #<3
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
That's what I did when I moved to Houston, pretty much left everything behind, Had to start from nothing. I just thought"what if"
If Greece exits the Euro Zone, there will be no certainty. RB talking thru his other end. Contagion and potential collapse of EU.
Next up Lisa Bass, Communications Manager at DC Cancer Consortium.
My fam just said to me in describing someone we think lowly of at the moment... He said: he's a real... "Rectal Tear"
"When people are determined on a mode of conduct they know to be wrong, they feel injured by the expectation of anything better from them."
This is incredible, God's totally moving here tonight.
Had dream last night that you were going down an escalator that led to an amazing Camaro which u drove away in. STRANGE.
Excellent work my friend. My favorite part? Bringing it all back home to appraisal. Making value judgments--it's what we do.
Where and when are you hosting it.
sorry I just got home, we had a game at NTCC
Oh! and You're our 100th follower! THANKS!
If from there you seek the Lord your God, you will find Him with all your heart and with all your soul. - Deuteronomy 4:29
@ #cildc: "How can you be a librarian if you look like a slut?" Creative mktg for increased awareness to non-users!
Yeah! Bro! But that's a ride from my house... I appreciate to know I can come over with you I'll give it a go here first 4 now!
Just drove past an inflatable lawn decoration that was a snowman dressed in camo holding a big gun. Thanks Quakertown!
Getting my tan on. :)
I think you blocked one of your fans --> :(
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
April 16-30 bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade &receive a free lunch to Elliotts Deli! Only for the first 25 so hurry!
Forgiving can't change the past. But when you forgive, you sure change the future.
I think I must have missed it. Dammit.
thanks for rockin' solid gear ;), nice! "Lea" is fairly rare. Had to cut the 'h' off the Leah magnet as a kid.
terrible. wanna make it better and follow me ;)
Show on Saturday Chameleon Club Lancaster PA almost sold out
That is the truth.
You're just a daydream away.
IDGAF about everybody else you gon learn today !!!!
I do workshops on it & have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track. Maybe it'll help. We can also DM
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY! Have a great one c:
please participate in are contest that starts 2-10-2012 if u have ?'s thank please ask
Only thing i fear is jesus n commitment
do you like goats?
Procrastination at its best.
New FTA bracelets!! 3 different colors, will have them up on our online merch store in the next few days! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
lol it's a bit misleading though, considering there's minimal walking involved =/
I have faith in our team RA, anything can happen in baseball. Let's see if Reyes can hit your knuckler. LGM! 2012
Who's riding in Reach The Beach? Send your pic from the ride and get $10 in driving credit.
what stores do you shop at?!
Just read that LittleBigPlanet 2 will get a special edition released on 15 Nov. Awesome. Bring it on, Sackboy!
How the phone only ring two times , I know you pressing Ignore
My dream made my whole week:)
check out the beautiful fashion expert and blogger!
Go follow for sick threads.
no..the sun will be out...and so will I.
One week!
impressed that you rode all the way from Bainbridge!
I have "Pride" for
We love you for tweeting that!
You did an amazing job!
Probably should have ran the clock
"I take pride in getting people excited about stupid crap."
Ugh i feel crapy
Either most coaches don't make these many restrictions, or the student-athlete doesn't go public with them if they do.
is a talented videographer that has directed videos for many of us in Athens...hence the overzealous twitter blast!
good send T, hit it again!
Why are all the links in #tweedeck not hyperlinked? Anyone else having this issue?
Merck &amp; Co. Partners with Trevena to Identify Biased GPCR Receptor Ligands - Genetic Engineering News
It takes time when 1 is as creative as I AM... Don't rush my Master Piece
Not gluten-free ones anywhere that I know of.
Your very welcome. :)
I love it!
haha you're watching jersey shore(:
I need to go to sleep. dunno if that'll happen but I need to get offa twitter for it to be even remotely possible. but I don't want to. ugh.
You guys, whatever it is she's making, it looks epic! Awesome!
we need to be playing OUR GAME!!
working hard on our May 19-20 working group kick off meeting for the capacity self assessment project held in Chicago.
Ah finally some alone time with my iTunes. Time to work and burn the midnight oil.
Getting tickets to How To Succeed? I think yes. here I come
I realized last week how internet dependent I am. Thanks rural Alaska for the nice wakeup call, I was nearly shaking with the lack of 3G
Lets hope Larc starts to blossom. Sure would be good to have a Larc student onboard to help an Arch firm
Make new Facebook work for you by making the most of lists, milestones, custom apps & cover photo ( from a.m. Session)
Yup, no, pairwise. The bar is not all that high.
Bless you.
I love singing. ♥ Music is saving me.
Samsung Galaxy S I tipped to land on all four major U.S. carriers
Happy Birthday. I'm the bDay Girl too:) I Loved the Movie:) I'm goin see it again.
Was gonna get some shots up went outside and it's pouring
#favmoviequote "Yes you deserve to die, and i hope you burn in hell!!!"
Milwaukee Bucks at Washington Wizards tipping off at 7:00 PM ET #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
loves her nieces and nephews with all of her heart! <3 <3 <3 <3
Man, I wish I had been there for that.
cute! Good to see you together!
#Redsox win #Bruins style
man. Always have meant so much to m.e.
“: got a PR on the Clean - 135# for 3 2night! And It felt freaking fantastic! #crossfit #pumpedup” nice!
Glitched narratives, or what Super Mario Bros. can tell us about Pale Fire.
“Signature” Restaurants – Are They Worth It? Part 3
Damn, Gina. Don't think I could do that.
Someone woke up with poopy pants!!
I think I'd be similar. :)
can i burrow the purple pants i wish to be hawkeye
Work hard every day and don't stop until you just can't do anymore.
well your good at yelling and you could use your gymnast skills to make cheerleading more umm fun :)
thanks for the RT, appreciate it!
I really need to get rid of the lame in my life!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Our logo received a festive upgrade... #HappyHolidays everyone!
nice, thanks for telling me.
bad news is that my daughter is moving out of Texas...good news is she's moving to SC, very close to my son. always a silver lining!
Thanks for your support of our independent films
RT: Not the case. I'm not on the take. My site ad and sponsor free. "every" is SRONG word
Listening in on the and Peyton Manning press conference :(
First Rule of 's Turkey Club: Bacon, lettuce and tomato and lots of mayo
Time to get some work done, thanks for all the super sweet messages! You all ROCK! XOXO!
And the cast is off! Thanks to all my awesome friends who came to visit and hang out with me last week!
Thanks!! RT : check out www.zcoil.com you might like those shoes to run in! funky lookin but amazing shoes
Gearing up to discuss "Who You Are Online" at TIE!
oh thank god lol! I was like damn that's cut throat to do that then tweet about it lol
Danke. Yeah man. That might be fun to bring back.
I did lol :b RT : well, you could try running for a towel if you wanna risk it? =P
Listening to in the car. 💗 Saw them when they opened for Guster. I've been addicted ever since.
How exciting! When are you coming to S.A?
Happy Valentine's day to all women out there. May your day be filled with love.
being sick during summer is the pits!
Golf time round two
. . . . & you wonder why I'm not w/ you now! It always some shit going on w/ you. . . Loopy Ass!!!
Finishing up some yowls for Hope to have them done and ready for delivery to the Playground very soon!
on the road... driving from jax to tampa right now. work at 9pm... seven did it big
I hope your talking about the Jason Kapono interview
awww! You have no idea how touched I am by what you just wrote. Thanks Karla!!
ALA Conference going well. Good discussions; great to see people; looking forward to FAFLRT programming Sunday.
Love your body type for what it is- amazing- at our free #NutritionWorkshop on 2/21! Call us at 619-501-5664 to reserve!...
I already told the teachers, many times, but they keep do that. it just SO UNFAIR
Some poor lil child left they shoe on the back bumper of my truck
Excuse me!! excuse me!! girl the back of yo head looks ridiculous lol
Going to the hockey game tonight!
music brings the whole world together.
Did you know...TODAY 3,750 joints are replaced in the US
you picking me up today?
Welcome My New Followers Welcome!!!!! Hi
this is NOT Hal Gill. this is a girl who is in love with hal gill and wants to have an account in his honor. follow me
Filed my taxes.
Saw El Yunque, the U.S.'s only rain forest and a potential 7th Wonder of the World, today.
more african american indie filmmakers...
More than welcome PJ..
ok cool, look forward to the email.
Fresh off the flight. Rushing home to move in my new spot. Lawd I'm tired! Y'all pray I make it thru the day!
what are the plans?
Take a look at Nokero on Clean Energy Authority.
Happy birthday Melissa McCrady!
- Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter! Can't wait to get mine - will local pick up be available?
Your dog is adorable :) how old??
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. ~ John F. Kennedy
7 in a Row hello Washington we have a baseball team!!! Monday morning I will be doing the Riggle in the streets of our Nations capital!!
VERY! #nothappywithnytimestoday RT : tired of constantly being asked "How does it feel to be a problem" in multiple ways.
dat ass! It's all I got. But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
you too! Thanks for reminding me about moms day.i need to get on that! Enjoy the sun!
Hey can you DM your email address or follow me? I want to send you a business note.
is one of the most inspiring and talented figures in music today. Thoughts?
Hey great news got you nickelback tickets for your birthday #spoileralert let's go
Are you emailing it to him or que?
make it nasty *asya's voice*
i think i exceeded my cookie quota for the week...in the last hour
whatever every time we pass McDonald's you say something about them
Wow. Just wow. Plastic in my potato?
Friday... Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
A little behind the scenes info on shooting the American Cancer Society's Cure for Design event at www.brandonphotos.com
. recognized from the podium for tireless support of foster care investigation.
that's impressive!
Ladies Drink Free at Dick's Pizza and Pleasure tonight! Doors open at 10! 730 N Milwaukee
UP. No I dreww it brah!
Riding with my mama listening to burbons and lacs
Dmx knows couples therapy isn't gonna help his crazy ass
hey thanks for the follow
Looking for something fun to do? For free? 4 tickets to Seattle U men's basketball today 3pm tip off, parking pass included!
lol who knew fashion fair had a dupe?!
is correct. Otherwise I think it will be a good visit. I talked to her the other day but when she sees the marks she will have an
Running a 5k in the morning. Oh boy. Wish me luck.
My thoughts exactly.
lol i know
It's like no one's here haha
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM! only $3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
Getting ready to cook Tilapia simmered in wht wine and tomatoes over rice
Tommorow is friday so that means less workout at track practice today and then tommorow track will end wohhooooo
WWBD (What Would Ben Do)... Words to live by...
miss you so much more Julia! Happy new year!!! <3
RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
Left out of this morning's list-serv message: Deadline to submit Prof. Dev. Reimbursement requests to LISSA is TOMORROW, March 2!
Thinking about putting #Gettin2TheMoney on what you think?
keep pushing hard daily J, thanks for sharing your progress!
sleeping, r u kidding? im standing back here like a horse, working like a dog
girl right! That's all they want
We still need to explore it more. But I think it does have potential. Issue is we find ourselves spread thin btwn all SN.
loud and obnoxious is prerequisite for being ghetto
#15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, (:
I do, im coming lol
Up early and ready to tackle Thurs!
Why is it all of a sudden so cold out though?
I keep asking. can you send me e mail for michael bamberger and for you. By the way I'm at 1,244 and counting. How's your son doing?
Princess Diaries ❤
- thanks for the Top 10 Picks re-tweet! See anything you particularly liked?
There is a pattern developing.
Honoring the amazing Ed Wulfe at the Center for Houston's Future lunch.
Hope everyone had a great V-Day!! I enjoyed time with my loves!! Back to the grind tomorrow..Trial in the AM!!
Yearbook photos and stories of Willard Mitt Romney in today's NYTimes a reminder that you don't need Facebook to be haunted by your past.
23 songs + 1 booklet. The 23rd "song" is actually the press conference so it's not really a song but it's included
Why is it so hot here ? Is Austin somewhere here ?
Early & often. lol
glad you could come, and happy mothers day!
L.a. Denver game is insane right now! Go nuggets!
u sumed up my life as a kings fan
Somebody left a lot of Pocky in the breakroom here. Score.
Planning full day of shopping in #chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Chris Paul. Nut puncher.
Hangover from hell 😷
please follow me
Jenn Proske from Vampires Suck will be on our show soon stay tuned!⁰
Share your photos of Groove Phi Swing unity on our Facebook page or hit us up via Twitter
There's no fake Torey Malatia quote in the credits this time. Glass says he just doesn't feel like it this week :(
we may be recording some sessions, although I can't make any promises. We will have many power points & handouts though!
when was the last time uw gave up 70 on national tv...
o no, is this kid moving to town? RT : you sign the lease?
I want to see it too. looks fantastic. so many movies, so little time.
Did everyone who attended the event last night enjoy it ?
one of the most best Easter's I had today at the champ center. GOD IS SO GOOD!
Not surprised I got my first gray hairs in these past two years
come back to Chicago with the boyz! We miss you like crazy! #BoyzComeBack ! xo
To value FB in the same class as Apple, Google, C, JPM, BRKA and BRKB, TRV, PGR and others is plain stupid. FB's Board and CEO are poor
Wow. Denver DA charges woman with pair of felonies for allegedly lying to get out if jury duty.
I'm thinking tweetdeck might just be my new best friend. At least it hasn't crashed yet like twitterfon kept doing.
lol sounds gewd and I are both home cozy in our beds now anywayyyyss
Looking forward to meeting with tonight for their Recent Grad meeting! Hope to see y'all there- Johnston Hall 415
": Last day in April. Final month. Can't finish yet. Can't rest #jerrykramer4hof" We won't stop until August in Canton!
You're going one day early May the 4th Be With You!
awesome! Thanks!:)
Commissioner Goodell hugs are awkward
yep :D
YES! RT : It's almost time for the only crab that matters
yea it's a good one...
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont CHOCOLATE. I know it's weird, but I hate it. Hate me if you want, but you have to hate my skinny jeans too :-P
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. -- Malcolm Forbes
#2favpeopletweet “: The Thermometer or the Thermostat - Be the 1 who sets the temp, not the one who reacts to it!”
man I wish I could go today. Gunna go on sat though!
“: SO. who wants to see a picture of me? -A” ME!
just a few more days until we play at Bonnaroo - Thursday 6/10 :30 PM on the Troo Music Stage
Interview tomorrow. Keeping my fingers crossed!
i always do that, though. even when they win. they gave adu a BS red card.
When is it and how much?? :)
lol what's that suppose to mean?! And idk if we can speak after you changed your twitter name like that on me
We're working on that now RT : How many Walker admin lackeys are going to keep pushing SB10 when Sumi declaring contempt?
Time for a midnight snack.....
they are actually for my dad. Otherwise, they would have been.
Blake just be quiet. Don't get a tech and thrown out the game. You guys are winning
DNA review finds some of the evidence used to convict Amanda Knox in Italy is unreliable. More at 5:30 on
My littles are completely incapable of understanding the concept of "wait until Mother's Day to give your present".
So my sister comes over throwing up! Like really.
Males have female tendency, they run they mouth just as much and say reckless shit, when their ego get hurt
it's only pretty cool if you're talking about how exactly you would position his body in a threesome.
I don't even like people on me.
I wanna get something to eat
Merry Christmas Austin hope you have a wonderful day!(: love you<33
no comment Wayne
#FearOfMine Sneezing while driving.
the reason I want as much video with out sacrificing ! Want the full 3 Minton go! No what I want to send ,need the time ....
Grrrr I swear...
Is it one of those 1950's drive-in themed BK's with the fake jukeboxes? Those ones are creepy
Home from the wedding gig. It is too damn hot outside. Peeling my dress off and taking a nap. Air conditioning is the best invention ever
That's cute! I call Freyja dribbles because she drools so much!
just followed
DJs are the best actors
very pretty, & classy!!! French Manicure you can never go wrong its the only way I get my nails.
(shhhhh but they're currently on the phone to each other as I type discussing a #ThugInACocktailDress!)
Entire Michael Aram Inventory is now 40% off!!
Its been on news all week lol
I'm great! And you?
U know u hve the entrepreneur spirit whn ur mind is constantly thinking business.
