Wait, Junior Seau died?!
I wonder if you are really as beautiful as I believed you were.
am I in LA you're asking?
and we're back...new $hit coming real soon
Detroit Lions! Bring back the Fonce!!!
Hey everyone follow
I took a few days off from coffee and after drinking two cups today i fell like im on speed, and chugged a rebull, five hour energy, and ...
Sorry to disappear on the convo. Was busy eating feet & flirting with my French waiter Nicolas.
I got into a lot of trouble for that little escapade.
Could never be happy with being the one when I know the difference between that and being his ONLY one...
If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Spent 3 days at #MottChildren (w/dd9). Can't say enough nice things about hospital/staff. Thanks SO much
happy birthday! Hope you get to enjoy some of it!
Cator: Imp for Assessment- Growth (adaptive tech), Measure Range of Standards, Leverage Technology
I always thought that in the beginning of 'Fight for your right' it wasn't "kick it" that was yelled, but rather "CHICKEN!"
Accomplished at what we have not quite figured out. :)
Follow me to find out secret deals and amazing times ahead!!!
good luck!
Right now im on one
Nigth in UK Trakgalvis. Glad that you are following us. Think we belive in same World, who can´t change, but can be better.
#ASECS12 ...actively practicing 2 instruments, keenly interested in dance and loved dancing when she was younger.
if you can get a portfolio you can get notice
Now I too like "got a condo up on Biscayne" :) So excited...now just wish I knew what his addy was.....
Opening shop has got to be the easiest thing ever.
Good, like this offseason suggests. I'm very cheap.
9% increase in social buzz in the weeks leading up to a shows premier leads to 1% increase in ratings
Eric church w/ brantley gilbert and blackberry smoke may 5th, presale starts tom! woop
Baylor = Dead in the water
What's up Twitter? What going down on a Friday night?!
- if you know any rock star HC, HR or recruiters send them my way. Lots of cool opportunities in Dec
Let's go pacers Good first half!
Email, tamed :)
i hi Taryn pleezed to Tweet you
THE MAGNET, YOU MORONS!!!!!
Colby, that looks great!
Uh oh. Today at practice? And how long on the DL?
2 Comments Click here to read/write comments
Whaddya wanna bet the woman who hit Reese Witherspoon with her car had just watched "Cruel Intentions"? #Reese Witherspoon
Follow !!! Pushing creativity to new heights!!
What is your favorite song off of Fashionably Late? Make sure to include the album name in your tweets!
the worst is listen to music and your customers talk to you . Can you see I'm busy ?
Okay, it's tomorrow. Any piano playing yet? That did look a proper grand. :)
Glad this week is over.
Has been taken over by 'the flu'!!!
Powerful women empower their spouses.
Nunez RBI single
Civilian casualties, all of us.
so glad I could just retweet that. I was at a loss.
WAMU FM has been running an ad for just that skillset. Might be worth considering... Details on their website. I think: wamu.org
Comm. May I think that here is substantial evidence that these objectionable conditions may exist now.
": Ready for shougal tomorrow!! How bout you ?" Fit and X rated! Comin in hot. Rippin huge holeshots!
don't let the controversy stay FOREVER
Surreal walking around Brookyn and hearing MJ's music blastic out of gay bars and taxicabs.
In class stupid bored!!!
I suck at this whole online dating thing.
Boy I hate coffee grounds in my coffee!
thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow!
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." Johann Kaspar Lavater
Excited about your newest journey of discovery. Anxious to read the results.
I'm on a edge
there is, but it's pretty limited. I've been playing with and Just wanted to see what else is around
"If I'd of shot up crystal meth as opposed to smoking it, I'd still have my front teeth." -Crackhead Mike
Telling the true is the right thing to do.. ..
Roommates a chef. Thank God.
same here but im pretty good
did you vote??? I did lol
I wish #FreshmenYearTaught me more!
Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough & you don't know why.
My thoughts exactly! So many different predictions. ": 5 inches? But we thought ... And then the forecast ... Never mind.
#gc2012. Have any of you made a new friend on twitter? If not you are missing a grand opportunity. Twitter isn't just about you.
1.they bite 2.you can't play with them, it hurts ! 3.they get panic attacks and tense up so much they tear muscles! i swear
But those are hardly SMS-speak. I do agree those abbreviations are inappropriate for formal business writing.
Thanks for the RT
We are now opening up for the group to ask and any questions from our chat tonight.
i would love to be able to sleep right about now :/
love thriller, but I thought Off The Wall was a better album.
what's your PO box?
im gettinf my confirmation in May and idk when ik getting my braces off :\
yay multitasking Pandora is up on the app store
I'm just ready for the lakers to be out of the playoffs
love you Rush! oh by the way I am a female who happens to be a republican! ditto's forever!
If it weren't bad enough to remember pple's names, now have to remember twitter handles too.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
me too(;
Newark-Chicago-Los Angeles luv
haha yeah, sorry for the confusion
I haven't really tweeted today. mostly just
Apparently the reach in is not a foul in the NBA anymore. C'mon man.
that song gjakkd
RT : Best Of luck!!!
. Well aren't U nice! TYVM
That's why the only Frampton I trust is Peter.
Other than eggs? “: If you're going to spam me on twitter at least have an avatar. Why would I buy something from an egg?”
if you told me that, worst case scenario, we address all 3 major areas of need and hit big on 2 of 3? Easily signed up for that
I'm checking out a chocolate business. Anyone want to check it out with me? Might be sweet!
Americans who never leave the country...
you better come wit it!!!
Happy Birthday #BettyWhite! Hope you can make it to Speaking Of on February 4th!
recording features for
Nice, actual judge addressing jury pool. Funny guy!
Ugly Disco tonight! www.uglydisco.com
Marley movie coming out on auspicious date: april 20. should be fun!
something corporate might be my favorite band right now
IT'S THE WEEKEND. SO, YOU DO NOT EXIST.
Tweet me! <3
I've become quite fond of a certain Irish brogue over the last few days
Rob Bonstein rep 4 Bruno Mars at #NAMM2012 said: A single new release now has over 250 lines of data associated with it.
I may have woken up at noon but at least I felt embarrassed about it. That's being responsible, right?
hey maestro!how come ur not following me anymore?u should lol
#edfail Bill gates' dreams!
Can I Hold You While You Wrap Yourself Around Me?
Palindrome of the day: "He won a Toyota now, eh?"
We rape lil niggas like yu where I'm from
I've been going but in the afternoon. You still down for the mornings?
Oh my is interesting this morning.
#thehungergamestaughtme just knock a boy out, he love you afterwards anyway.....
Thinking about ways can engage #RocYPs. Any Ideas?
Productive day currently halted for a safety and emissions test. (For my car, not me.)
With Crimson in command has left Levien gym. Spike Lee as well. Harvard up 74-65 25.6 seconds left in OT
fun filled day with the kids :)
#yvwebcast. Wow, look at all these Christians tweeting!
Come to the wordcamp Seattle preparty @ Jillians (upstairs) All are welcome, even if you are not attending #wcsea (via )
Congratulations to ALL of your success!!!!
Live TV hit Friday at 830am on Fox 5 Mornings with
Hi I'm Shaylee & I Love Long Romantic Walks To My Fridge.
Lyrical Nephilim giant, look me up in the bible.
I liked the picture you took with me in Sacramento :)
Tom Lehrer~ On my income tax it says Check this box if you are blind. I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
We are @ Workers' Compensation listening forum saying that CA must restore fairness for injured workers and strengthen insurance oversight!
Mommy goes back to work part-time Monday after recovering from a broken hip. They wax the floors too much at the Pentagon..I will miss her
these niggas out here hustlin' in the school uniform heel nah
Hey man... let's chat sometime. Would like your help on something...
Yay jordan put the shirt I wanted from the blackout forever tour online.
favorite song/ cover by the boys?
So what's been happening in the world while I was asleep.. Care to get me in??
L.A. to Frankfurt to Torino- globetrotting as always,and LOVING it.Mamma and papa',here I come!Flying back to NY on the 1st day of New Year
I can't wait to see you in June:)
Come throw down a few
dont dont dont wake me up, cause i hate who i am today
Haha, but it's true!
got a shout out from #LTNY as a law firm pricing expert
Ya....it kinda does, just like the word...uh...uhm lol idk i cant think of one right nowlol
(anti)aliasing, I believe. Send it to me if you want and I can format.
Hey Thanks for the
Good luck, Sis!
Can't wait to feel better. Smh :(
RT if you hate
You couldn't be any more retarded
We're all a little bit weird. But you know what? That's okay. Embrace yourself. You're the only you out there.
Man, some people just suck...ASS!
well i almost have a page done ;)
I just don't know anymore...beyond confused
RT : Win through your actions, never through argument.
POTUS, on his upcoming lunch with cong leaders: ""I'm going to offer them some hoagies." (via WH pool)
hey Edward! :] I love you cause of thank you. :*
I accidentally kinda flipped him and he landed on a table lmfao but he told everyone he slipped on ice
pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin, Oh yeah... And pumpkin too!!!!
okay . Do you want me to post the pic on here??
while it is good to be in the office, it's odd having no voice. If u call me today, be prepared to be whispered at!
Whoever said the camera adds 10 pounds should stop eating cameras.
Amazing message yesterday...you nailed it...my boys loved it too! Kieran loved the Elijah story, of course!
Would love to read this, but your link doesn't go to your blog?
yea you're still on there. This micro test is gonna be brutal!
Listening to a california middle school choir and they are better then I expected lol #GoodJob!!
Come and visit Seattle's Coolest Santa on the Observation Deck from 11am-5pm this Sat & Sun. PS - Please don't tug on his beard. It's real!
I also sent you an email through your mailbag on SI.com with more details. Thank you!
The work is now starting for the next season. Now I know what I'm in for. Fool me once, shame on you, twice shame on me. Doing work.
In a mood. Wish I wasn't in school right now so I could jam hahaa.
Santo & Johnny - Sleepwalk
Stay schemin is one of the whackest songs I've ever heard drake or rick ross on
Thanks for the follow:-)
Working tomorrow which means no nap which means lots and lots of energy drinks for the midnight premiere of the avengers
feeling like a grinch right now.
text me
My weekend >>>> .Really not tryna go to school :(
does wssp have a bucks postgame show. if not they should get one.
that's cool. Hahaha@
Poignant words from MLK as we enter an election year: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools."
The best thing about me is you.- Shannon Crown
HELLO! Thanks For the Follow.
Wow, I wonder what happened to my going to bed at 8 to stay awake for taks.. i'm becoming too lazy to even go to bed. :L
Just realized that at no point today have I been wearing real pants. Sometimes the occasion just doesn't arise.
Happy to join #journchat tonight!
I never thought id be apart of this cult you have created but your music goes so hard I must say I'm now laced the fuck up
Had a great dinner with alumni and current staff members Zach Glembin and Byron Anderson.
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong. She's gorgeous. And she just finished reading this.
Lmao at that tweet :)
Big game today Lets go Noles!
where are the games played?
fun filled day with
i know!!! So was klaus the start of stephan and damons bloodline?
If I could only listen to one artist for the rest of my life, it would be Ray Charles.
If not for the light of the faithful women, it means there is no decent fidelity to men.
WHO IS GETTING THOSE NIKE'S THAT COME OUT ON THE FIFTH? IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM (502)448-9193
going to sleep see u guys soon <3 ya.
Why did you stop trying?
follow and please :D x26
What's everyone doing for Halloween weekend?
If any of my friends ever got cancer and lost their hair I would shave my head and be bald with them <3
Answer to previous tweet: JAMES FRANCO!!!!
No problem
happy birthday bob marley r.i.p
I forgot about Coffee Bar! And I'll have to check out that other one. Thanks so much!
i was wondering how do you make your empanadas? cause i was looking at ur pics and they look really good!!!
you know it
Damn. This boy is SO blind. Your killing me here.
YES<3 follow back? (:
Just returned from my first trip to Trader Joe's. I don't think I've ever been this excited about groceries before...
Opening day!!!
did Sweezy get drafted as an OL?? Played DT in college...
4 #hospital but was told feeding is not allowed at ER. We're wondering whether they will just let this patient suffer. Con't
Looking for shows for The Pinch. Whatcha got, Twin Cities?
By mainly talking only to myself, I frequently am impressed with how intelligent and witty the converstaion is.
Another Pick-Up: Free mammograms! ...get your free mammograms here, get 'em while they're hot!
Today went by really fast at school today. I'm not sure why, but it did.
So inspiring to hear success stories from our charter school principles. Proof that anyone can learn with the right tools.
Much need shot of East Coast today. Thx Bawston ;)
FYI: I will random shout you out on twitter today and also send all you 2012 Grads a shout out in the 7pm hour tonight on Kiss 97.3
200 followers, let's get out following to 300! And we will reveal a clue into the next film campaign!
. #friendsatsnarfs should totally be a thing.
I think most credible Physicians wouldn't agree that its "no big deal".
Will FDA step in to regulate EHRs?
#badrecipe for flank steak: calls for flank steak, s&p, and a hot pan. Recipe is actually more for the cauliflower sidedish. Gross.
: If you electrically shock a person's brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to 6 months.
Many Thanks U School of Dentistry for inviting Dr. Levine to speak today to the practice management class!
All black everything!!! Work off the turkey TONIGHT at our OFFICIAL after-party: The Blackout II - The All Black Gala! Click here for...
thanks! I'll take a look
Thx for the warning. Its corrected now.
Attempted to eat my way through the state fair and still went over to my parents house for beer can chicken. I hurt so much it's not funny
This girl is fussy. Not hungry. Not dirty. Probably tired but won't sleep. What the heck do I do? My son was never fussy.
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than knowing and believing that she's BEAUTIFUL!!
You don't get style points for advocating libertarianism.
#SMBAustin &quot;Participation can go in any direction&quot; talking about how community can take your product in different ways.
Haha i miss trios to
i mean KELSEY
Um, no one said otherwise. Why waste your (and my) time trying to be so nasty? Let KC fans enjoy a win. See ya later.
Dance was #amazing 🎧✨ three more rehearsals til competition:)))
Thoughts & prayers to everyone hit with tornados today in North Texas. Counting my blessings it missed me.
Update: Still expect higher accumulations west of #RVA with accumulations on the range of 4-8in. #RVA folks should expect 2-4in
been hiding out in the studio preparing to unleash some new music in 2012. Thanks for the #MM!
you want any 13 dollar socks??
Need to lock myself in my room with no electronics so I can read 100 pages of tale of two cities and study euro
Thanks Jeezy for Tooth Fairy shout outs
I mean if me and my friend thought you were cute I'm sure many other females thought the same thing ha.
Do I need to put a huge sign on her that says "SHE'S MINE" or what?
#obama & #Biden made millions as "public servants" and donated almost nothing to
Will you be racing the Bristol fall race?
I just realized... why didn't we watch any of the games last weekend together?
Omg I haven't been on here in a while! HI(: ~K
It was a biggie song, so fucking annoying...Ill have to fix it tomorrow. Damn it haha
I just want the relationship where you spend so much time together it makes you sick
Knowles injury doesn't look good on camera. That looks like a long recovery.
thank you
": I'm Fine Being Single, I Have Enough Shit Going On. Relationships Just Seem To Add To Complication."
P.S. We found the nun-chucks! haha They were in a drawer! Go figure. Perhaps next weekend come over for a Catan Game night?
happy bday! I'm sorry i can't give you that as a present! :-) hope your day is going well!
ewwwww you're so weird 😲
#HerbieHancock playing Miles Davis, hope you are watching this.
Just saw one of the freakiest avi's on my timeline lol smh
This just made me so sad. RT : SUDDEN REALIZATION: TMAC STILL HASN'T GOTTEN OUT OF THE FIRST ROUND.
never.... but never say never so... eh idk u tell me
I'm lookin at u too...
PLATE SALE FOR "ROB SIERRA" AND BIKE RALLY GOING ON AT BROADWAY BAR NOW , COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT
SWEDEN. calm yo tits. literally...
Stop fucking lying to yourself.!
Hold mah dick!
i'm off to the great out-of-doors to enjoy our world :) hope U r too! Enjoy our World & help protect her!!! I love planet Earth:) be safe:)
XMRadio customer service: WIN. Mavs customer service: WIN. Chase Bank customer service: non-existent. Citi Bank customer service: See Chase.
There are some really, really dumb commercials out there.
Happy birthday pattie u diserve the best day ever!!!!
Britney Is Back Better Than Ever
It's really disappointing when a cute guy has a super gay/girly voice!
Mizu Sushi bar and Grill Grand Opening. 1035 S. Winchester Blvd San Jose Ca, 95127
might just lie and say my sketchbook got water spilt on it. id rather drop art than spend a whole day drawing
Emily says she is 26. Are those leap years?
Up early, getting ready to head to J'ville for Herrington Family Christmas. Should be a fun day!
I was kidding!
It's cold af in this class
I watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 yesterday! LOVED IT! So cute :)
Wiener's Circle = funniest new show... I never watch but this is hysterical. Thank you !
i cant wait any longer you look gorgeous!
On my way to go find them too....
RT : When you can improve upon what is, there's no need to fret about what has been or what might be.
Hey there Kathy I never welcomed you to our twitter
Who knew that opera employed dramaturgs? Chicago Lyric, for one, + another guy I just heard speak on NPR. Time to expand my repertoire...
Wow!! Did you check the junk mail aswell? Brah Because I'm sure it was sent the same day you mention it to me.
Understood bro! Getting excited to see that Single Ladies is back on soon...how are the music and book coming?
See you next lifetime, Ellen Page.
that would be awesome!!!:)
You know my Mommy Lauren. I think.
Taking shots in honor of boosie. Do it big boosie boo.
No problem. You said you were on twitter. Thought this would be faster and ease your mind about your work. Have a good summer.
it's really only one extra class...
Apparently Canseco has stopped taking his pills again.
Agreed. Wait until after tomorrow, when the Dems can rally around one candidate!
I knew the slabs were going to look good. The truck came in this morning before the rain yay - the crane scale didn't work however.
will now be doing a deal on 5 packs of shows for $65 ! Yes you heard right now get to it!
How is December treating everyone so far?
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly darling, scars will remain.
Getting the ball rolling on something cool for the local rock scene. It's time to rally the troops, and bust down some doors!!
Just followed sent me.
Well I was close. His stand-up is so dirty... I love it!
I bet it is
Are you a content consumer or creator?
I had to walk away and I walked inside and fell on the floor laughing
as well as beastiality
We could do it. RT : Less then 2" of rain by Sun would make this the wettest March at PDX on record!
will be interesting to see if I can get everything done before I leave for NAMM on Monday!
Had a great day filming The Hardest Love! Thanks to Henry Roa, Geneva Ortiz and Petey! What a fun and productive Day!
Exactly like that! lol What's up with that? Someone really doesn't want us talking.
You'll get a little off track sometimes but today's a new day! Hit the reset button and keep moving
Javale McGee looks like Caesar from Planet of the Apes.
shit real down south need to tight.n up with support.n artist
Also, I know you'll definitely put them to good use :) Would love to see more of your pics on Flickr! Happy holidays :)
Got 2 tickets for fucking leaving the scene of an accident and improperly backing up -.- ughh fmll
Just sold 5 more tickets!
"Just because you are a recognized brand doesn't mean you are a loved brand" -Alejandra Carvallo, Intel
The mustang is a horrible car too. Lol
Wishing you all a most joyous, prosperous and blessed 2012...and beyond!!!
No... That's a hippy!
Gym time!! Getting after it
At the DMV, last time I was here and looked on twitter.... Well I wonder if Brad Pitt is in DC today. I got my Jordans on so I still run lol
Does anyone know when the bus is leaving today?
I have less than 24 hours to study a years worth of AP Government content. Let's go!
#Truth RT Happy Valentines Day!! We love you everyday, but it's a good day to let you know!
i dot know you to have an problem with you but I do know you have a lot to say bout me ?
Spending my Saturday morning watching Saved By The Bell on Netflix! #amI12again?
where have u been?
I'm playing tonight at Soundwave(Canes) in mission beach at 7pm acoustic set..ten dollar cover..21 +
yep it is!
still no luck at the stores near me. U guys definitely need to be at Greens on Buford Hwy. Their Phone # is (404) 872-1109.
You know you're outta shape when wii bowling makes your arm sore!
that entire post was Greek. But, it's my pleasure to see you sir.
The side conversations, IMs, and neigbor-itis delivers the wrong message to your employees....corporations need to be proactive
Lord, Creator God, your glory is all around us in the blessings from your hand. Please help me live mindful of your glory.
hahaha!!! Oh gosh girl nombre take it at LCC main!!! Most of the teachers are easy! I can recommended two of them! Lol
At least you can touch them.
Finally in DC and getting ready for the Intelligent Cities conference tomorrow!
Today, take an extra 5 minutes putting on your favorite lotion after your shower. It's like a free mini-massage!
I like my carbs like I like my women...complex. Thanx 4 the brown rice option #chipotle!
she looks like sutton MERCER
I've actually downloaded two Juliet Simms tracks. No joke.
How are you Nialler? :D
are u going to CD release party Thursday?
how much slack u catching from that uncle charles sausage commercial?!?
The Break, a documentary about youth homelessness from MTV, Gigantic Productions and The Edge from U2, will air on MTV 3/2/12.
I just registered yesterday. Totally cool.
Tip of the day: if you want money but you dont have a job then alls you got to do is visit a bank.
the google homepage is hella cute tho
-- My bad, I'm just now seeing this, but Nah.. You there?
NAAH u do cz ur the sweetest thing on earth:)
great! Come visit:)
Great point too RT next year BSU and SDSU leave for the BE. Utah State and San Jose State really don't fill that void
Not too bad kinda wanna do a full...
Special S/O to my lilo daddy for helping me out with the dumbest class ever (Bio-Chem) today 😘💗💓💓❤ thanks
Thanks for following everyone! Sending out something special to a random follower when I reach 1,000. Love my fellow #Wilco fans!
Anyone know a professional chef/culinary student with free time? Pondering a collab photo/brand project.
Ain't no Heaven fo' a thug n*gga, that's why we go to thugs mansion...
that freaking kid who I was telling you about yesterday! He's like hardcore fb stalking me
This is going to be a good day if I have to stab someone to make it a good day. This may be a good day BECAUSE I stab someone.
I see you
I believe we left before you arrived. Next time. We're also sad that we didn't see you
and everyone said i was the one who wouldn't be able to do it....shame shame.
Time for some more
Twisting my words will get yo ass beat!!!!!
Don't blame you ;)
Yup, I am posting to twitter while in a meeting... in all fairness to me, the guys I'm with get sidetracked every 3 seconds.... :P
#ImHappyWhen you show you love me.
You guys have ruined the site and its magic - all functionality that mattered is gone. Go back!
ahahahahahhahahahahha omg I just died
Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, via a game specifically created to sync with the social networking site.
The beautiful dance of the sun's rays upon the ocean reflects not the depth, an inner world teaming with life.
My mom: Double click all the links!
Happy New Year!! :)
star wars is nothing compared to star trek what are you on
Shoot out the lights...amazing. Perfect Norm next
I got so many butterflies in my stomach the shit is crazy.
cool, see you then G
Totally agree. SoS Hillary Clinton is one of the BEST U.S. Secretary of States, EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Interesting. No easy answers. Is someone going to solve this with a brilliant fix? Music biz has similar problems.
Still don't understand why west miami cops have mercedes SUV's
you've got that right
oh ok lol :D
im coming down to see him now more that before becasue im gonna prob have a job and a car and i can go wherever without my dad
Yum! Looking forward to it!
you coming down for fringe? I think we can make that happen?
DQ needs 2 days to make a cake? Huh. Hubby'll have to settle w/ a generic "Happy Birthday." The "Matthew" part would take 2 days. Goodness.
are you in Rochester?! I thought you were coming out tonight
Chil, that's not even me. Lmfao just don't come at me wrong or I will destroy you.
Follow these people
Im confused About what time it starts...
Ugh! 4got lunch money... Guess I wont b having lunch 2day 8(
Ight fam just hot the phone I got them bottles ready RT “: You Already Know My G ”
Guest at work: "(On making out) Drive-ins were a way of moving the car without turning on the motor."
Mary, the movie Bodyguard was my very favorite, and the song I will always Love you is my all time favorite!!
is as "busy as a beaver!"
The tweet almost makes more sense if you reverse Ella's and my ages, doesn't it?
When you buy from a national chain only 17%-25% stays in the community. When you buy nationally online 0% stays in the community.
Can't we all get along?
Watching Laugh to keep from crying...
i don't have my hands on one to see where it might fit in programming exposure- I did do CMK in san antonio ISTE
Pessimists in the house!
Dear ex #gtfo of my life did you not get the message before?
Sleeping with the windows open = eyes nearly swollen shut this morning from allergies.
I couldnt eat like a normal person :c My mom had to cut my food into small pieces 😔 My mouth hurts bad :c
They don't thank God as much as they did 10 years ago at the Oscars
Left his feet, 2 min penalty. He didn't target the head it's clearly shoulder to shoulder. Charging. Rangers should have scored on the PP.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Parents just don't understand..
that looks so delicious
This is a great list! Thank you for sharing it! -Rachel
Yes! My #Sector9 is on it's way!
Two of the best shows on Television are on Showtime, Weeds and The Big C (with Laura Linney) if you havent seen either, you have to watch
you are?! whenn!
Every business owner should understand where online marketing investments go and how they succeed or fail. In my latest Madvertising blog …
Brooklyn New York city, where they paint the walls with biggie?
Now Leïla Medjkoune: How can Web Archives become a critical component of today's Internet?
i will love you till you die! I actually did mine though
You Europeans are on a whole different level of swearing aren't you?
so where we at this weekend ? 😁 lol
Hoping the #Celtics can win at home tonight!
Thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets.
or the fearless lol but then i put my reading glasses on and saw livelove and i got with the program lol
I don't think I'll ever master the art of knowing whether my socks are black or navy in the morning light. #mismatched #thehorror!
don't you think? :)
art tip: the grand canyon from 36,000 feet on a clear day.
Yep we are living together!
Met so many great museum professionals tonight at GW's museum networking event.
Someone had to do it. Might as well be me. Makes for a funny story later.
Ha interesting conclusion here! NY and Bost were not alone in the destruction of the tea.
good morning! Getting ready to lace 'em up.
“ BBQ 2day so u kno iam good”u know black people like that shit lol
Excited for my 1st ever #yahoofantasyfootball draft tonight! I may not be in your league, but I want you on my team!
ha, welcome to twitter!
In FY 2013 there will be NO increase in shelter capacity. We had a 15% budget increase for shelters between FY 2011 and FY 2012.
is that the Doritos one?
Anytime someone says "It's not that much work," they mean the exact opposite.
RT : How are you planning to celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
You can thank me now...
lmao w.e
Good idea RT : Pre-test for a group advising session can cut down on time spent on already understood topics
you. Wanna. Be. With. Me👍
I wonder what North Korea has in store for today.
and now no one feels bad for you. Let the ocean wash away your stress.
If Taylor Hicks Lee Dwyze and Kris Allen had a kid it would be Phillip Phillips
yes sir! it'll be a great show!
me: "lets go hang with the boys" harry: "i wanna keep you all to myself , all day & all night "
Thanks. I just get so infuriated when he says it's partly our fault. So stupid.
DNU stands for Do Not Use... Why can't you just write BAD
Shout out to all the chapter leaders in today's workshop!!!
Love to cross paths at #sxsw produces video for health companies. Let us know if you have a spare minute! :)
We're going 4 vs. 4 as both teams have a player in the penalty box.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you
RT : Jasper had another incident. He's better now. #Pet Essence #seizure formula from was really helpful.
Wearing glasses does suck though. :/
i'll be in gb running the cellcom half on sunday! come out and cheer!
Just watched 's music video on MTV<333 it is AMAZING!<3333
im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof...
Cya Saturday in madisonville man I'm breaking out an old UK jacket for you to sign you would be the 4th
homies same here !
With all the fish in the sea, some are still too lazy to cast their own line. Don't work, don't eat..
i've seen none of those films! i'll have to find them somehow. do you own them?
Headed to Wegmans!
lol. But really, I haven't studied at all.
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE COMING TO ESTONIA! SEE YOU SOON:) GOOSH , I AM SO HAPPY :):) YOU RULE GUYS!!! FOLLOW ME BACK
I see u
Thanks for giving me the chance to be part of ur music video!! Its Gunna Rock!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd
450 Pinnacle Pilots Could Be Furloughed
LOVE too MUCH, HOPE too MUCH, CARE too MUCH.......make you HURT too MUCH!
I get to see all my McCluer friends tomorrow at sectionals :))
That Crouching Tiger-style laptop commercial DOES have racist overtones, right?
love you to sis ;)
Very sad, indeed. Did you try reconnecting? They may be overwhelmed because I've told every person I know to sign up.
Burriss might also be a better bunter than Bumgarner, as well.
... This feeling
what's "the 15 minutes thing?"
You sure that was us? We stream all day- If you ever want to jam come on up!
First trim since September.
sounds great!!
Food Truck Thursdays at the courthouse! what more could ya ask for :)? 11-2
Firmed up some exciting new developments with my sport psychology provision (from next month), it's nice to meet open minded individuals.
Rocking at the party at their new offices downtown
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 6
Heading to the Veterans Writing Retreat hosted by Incredibly honored to have this opportunity.
Really needed that chocolate chip cookie.......
Patient alert: road work along Allens Lane & Mt. Pleasant around Lincoln Drive. Best way to access office is via Germantown Avenue.
I may get some and try it. We have a Williams-Sonoma in Boston's Back Bay.
Interview tomorrow at Sol Tan & Spa. I need this job!
RT Did u miss Leadville? If u did, check out www.raceacrossthesky.com Coming to Madison. Gonna be great.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
at least the poster session deadline is a bit later, I think.
Thank you. Haha you will be there soon so enjoy! :)
haters do not need a motive but pure jealousy
Gang- electronic registration brochure is now online. Go to SECO2011.com!
I think Tourrettes sufferers are just people who habitually spill used coffee grounds on the floor.
Happy 25th Birthday Kristian. Love and Miss u.. Rest in Peace!!!!
Dude in a camo hat at the dog park: dogs name is SoCo, sons name is Remington. I fear for America
I guess ima shower now [:
yes, with them. A tour with all of those guys would be amazing.
Should I bring Artie the Aardvark to the KY show? I don't know if you miss him or not
NICE .... Gotta download that!
thanks for your input...Andale AP Contreras your turn
Happy Birthday, my boo!
Right now, I just wanna go home, eat lifesavers and sleep
Good Luck #babydoll (:
Minister orders probe into ballot paper shortage reports
Me and just played shuffleboard with Nicky Romero
awesome!!! I love good news.
As much as I miss Emperor Remy, I find Eck to be a suitable replacement. Perhaps the best alterna-Rem.
if they had made the same effort they could have made something on the same level
Sweet dreams everyone!
Rashley ... sounds incurable. Loved the vid. Congrats on your engagement!
Who the fuck just saved Andrea? Were those walker slaves?
Well there goes my chance of meeting or since they are moving /: San Antonio wont be the same! good luck!<3
had the best day ever. thanks to 5 sick kiddos...it turns out 22 is the magic number of first graders.
...hello world,,beautiful day to sit back, relax, and observe,, too bad im at work......
yea ur absolutely right about that...there are laws about that...you shouldnt be posting about that
but I have a list
I want to go back to Israel...NOW
why would you get it trouble? Lol what does it look like
Peace and Love from the Family
Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Utah and Wyoming will follow shortly
LMS if every time someone told you ' we need to talk ' you automatically start to think its bad news <3
I'm Emma!
's teeth ... Omg I can't even ..... He's just too beautiful
It's the first time I've been in GB since my son was born. Where do I sign him up for season tix? How late is it open today?
Hello!!! Thanks for following me
hahaha ya. Don't try my shoes on actually.
Everytime i see a truck filled with pigs, i wanna go vegetarian
I just lost my mood ring... Not sure how I feel about this.
I heard the news on the radio this morning! The tickets to get to Empire State building went down in 6 minutes after my post. Best fans <3
I think she is.. haven't really heard about her flaunting her um.. goodies.
CLUCK CLUCK
One last one on this topic...Nina Long is finer than Gabby
Gov. Daniels says feds gave Indiana's unemployment report a dramatic revision: orig. said 27,000 jobs added in 2011, actually 43,000
OMG IM CRYING YOU'RE COMING TO NYC OMG WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?
What should I do tomorrow that doesn't involve skipping work?
My son also placed 1st #Discus. Great job and I love you.
mission = be at the bar with a beer in hand by 10.
DO IT! I listen to it ALL THE TIME.
New Installation opens tomorrow at 5 pm! Join us for a free talk by Joel Shapiro and complimentary ale from St. Arnold Brewing Company.
Nice post! Another royal DC resident: Empress Ana María de Iturbide of Mexico, in the 1820s or 1830s.
Happy Friday to you too :)
Haha. Yeah and the look on my brother's kids faces after they ate it was #priceless !
Did you know? The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf just opened & the Wi-Fi is FREE! Belly up & log on!
"disciple searching"? Sounds ambitious
hahaha I know. I realize that the g in my last name is easily overlooked.
i've gotten away from praying everyday but now im back on track!
I'm giving Slacker.com a try for Internet Radio today. So far it's streaming appropriate sound fluff. =)
How does anybody even get up in the morning when it's raining?
Hey Anusha! This is the show Ashwin and Tushar were telling you about! Great skyping yesterday!
About Last Night on Netflix tonight. Chicago in the '80's, nice! Chris Trager before he moves to
The Plague
Thank you Angie. Very good topics and flow tonight. Have a great rest of your week.
What are some of the coolest executions of /experience marketing using technology? Anything beyond RFID tracking?
LMAO that was the best quote of the night
See you at 11pm! RT : Just finished writing a brand new sketch. Hope to read it at Sketch Up or Shut Up tonight!
I wanna live not just survive.
saw it live & did a double take - thx for posting - surprised there's no FCC action, but the time of night makes sense.
haha hello! How are you? :)
I realize we're in Philly, but it's still random to hear a fife and drum corps.
From the best Chandlere wedding photographers to top Chandler wedding locations
“: she got the right fucking one ; * she dont want it thooo ; *”
Awesome #halftime analogy.
what's up stranger
Just met former columnist at the #VoiceMatters book launch. Journalism dreams do come true!
I see myself saying wake up mals.. wake up, c'mon mals wake up.
Getting to visit with Barbara Eden AND Summer Glau?! You're my new hero.
compensate u with hugs, happy vibes, and tweets. :) lol
hahaha, it's okay we all have our obsessions..
Finally we got a first pinnacle cart plugin.....stay tuned we will have it on our website on Sep 16th.
email us at ..it is a possibility but we need more info.thx
I've been so lazy i dont even feel like chillen wit my friends lately
Don't let the past steal your present ~ Cherralea Morgen |
Why do people always swing their arms when they walk?
Im Watch I Got Hook Up Later On Tonight
: Our Art of The Blow Job class is tomorrow night. Do you have your tickets yet? If not, call the store at 206-328-2914”
Oh I love rainy mornings.. Yep staying in bed💤💤💤😉
Packing, packing! #SXSWi bound in the morning! Austin, here we come!
I tried smoking coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
I'm watching one my favorite film The Piano. Totally love the soundtrack and storyline. :)
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. Sir Winston Churchill
Well make sure you have enough film and take the camera lens cap off Just Kidding
UH how much do you PAY attention to LEADERSHIP..
great pics thanks for sharing!!
oh, I love grilled hamburgers! Especially if topped with cheddar cheese and grilled onions ;)
We needed that 3!
Ah man. Scared #Brewers walking Bruce! #Reds on a roll.
Agreed. I don't think it should be a requirement either.
Hammer man!
A wealthy person is one who achieves a peaceful state of mind through his money. ~ Rabbi Nilton
This episode of ATHF is funny as shit. I'd smoke right quick to really enjoy it.. but I'm too lazy to get my herb and shit. Lolol.
Lights out at 9:15. Sounds about right.
Happy Birthday :) Good luck at your permit test wehn you take it <3
Hahaha oh boy! Will do :) Thanks for all your suggestions!
im good
at al
okaay you can be one, i will DM you the password in a minute
Went to awesome Happy Hour with Phoenix Screenwriter's group at Majerles Sports Bar.
thanks for making the trip boys we love you!
Boo... no tattoo today. Maybe next check.
I'm at Chris house with big Garrett & already started lol... But I'll see what I can do
Are you referring to my sweet illustration skills?
I am proud to be an Arts Advocate !!
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to making a profile on
Maybe I'll see you out there. ;)
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun.
My trying to lose this Game mane, somebody need to take over, go into BEASTMODE!! Lol
These body urges for s** are killing me right now
Watching "The Corporation" and just ruined Fanta for me
Yikes. They have Tebow Jets jerseys at the Houston airport.
I am a BEAST at #popfly :)
It's Kobe time. The comeback is coming.
-- RG..how can u not believe in zombies when we're going to have a zombie apocalypse???? :)
Listened to Friday's word from That thing right there beat me up so bad!
MOVE BACK BUGS ☺
RT : Many autocrossers decide on class first then look at car options, already thinking of racing.
It's like an adult recess.
i jus mite cry myself to sleep....u say i dnt care but i do.....if i didnt i wouldn't be worrying bout u....>.<
always gonna love the last surreal twitter icon, but the new one's very cool.
Great! You'll have to tell us how/if college prepared you to become an entrepreneur
Couple-a tings: Ain't no Seamus in my Gamus
Seething about Romney and GOP. GOP wants President to have power to torture, wants to give this power to unrepentant bully / predator. Ugh.
can't wait for more music
Q: if there is one strategy a librarian should follow, what wd it be?
After He Broke My Heart My Friends Asked, "How Many Reasons Do u Have To Still Like Him?" I Pointed To The Stars & Said "Start Counting."♥
Also just for the record, I haven't golfed regularly in about 10 years, since I moved to Ohio!
This debate is as fucked up as the hosts.
my opinion the more people you have working for ya to get your name out the better. Especially when you are new Must be quality tho
You gotta swag like that 2 be Darius' Girl- #remix lol
Come to Lofty Dog and check out our new inventory of Neater Feeders and portable dog potties by PupHead! No, seriously, do it now.
T hanks for RT about startup comic book biz for homeless LGBTQ kids. www.brainpower.me The Superhero Project you inspired
Society About Minerals
Don't concern yourself with things that don't concern you. If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
Thanks to everyone who came out to rock with us at The Foundry on Saturday night!
call me I got you
new twitter - follow<3
Hello, thanks for the Tweet.
All Star games fill up no matter what. And large markets have 2 teams so those cities get it 2X in a 30 year span.
it's nerve racking! Fingers are crossed! Either way, we have been successful at each Fest we have been at! Grateful for that!
thanks so much for the kind words! Peace and many blessings!
No worse person on the planet than that person who goes over the 15 item limit in the Wegmans line. I hope you choke on those grapes.
Congrats to for scoring MTL's first MLS goal
"I don't know a single Native American east of the Mississippi who doesn't want a birchbark canoe" -Jeff Savage
Happy Monday friends of CASA! Hope you had a great weekend are prepared for a beautiful week!
I am still speechless from those comments!
according to Hayek yes, socialism doesn't compromise.
Figuratively thinkin, she was shootin wit me at the gym...
Yup Now I actually have to pay attention, despite the fact that the notes are all online and my prof doesn't take attendance
Most Minnesotans don't follow the #mnleg. If there is one issue they are following it's the #vikings stadium. Interpret that how you will.
Business at Walmart is going to be slow tomorrow
Its Gonna Be Crazy #BoDiRoCk ThUrSdAyS! Come #RoCkOuT With This #Thursday EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT #SeeUThere !!!
Maria Brincker "The Illusion of Domestic Bliss and the Dynamics of Relational Minds," 3/29, 12-2pm CUNY Grad. Center Rm 6112. Free lunch!
weirdest song ever
I'll suite your face
What should I get my wife for her Birthday?
Damn I thought smelled something burning up the building next to mine on fire ain't this a bitch!
it's my favorite. Make your own luck - its why we play the startup lotto! ;-)
Being polite and pleasant doesn't make you weak. It makes you an adult.
what was Sarah and Alexs conversation that you found dirty lol
How many weddings do you have the privilege of celebrating with your friends this summer? :) What joyous moments those are!!
Working with techies for weeks on end is making me go slightly crazy, in a good way.
Did you know that food takes seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach?
You have arrived. You never left.
so excited!!! Congrats!!!
Just signed with Disney to have more music in a trailer!
One meets some very interesting characters in New Orleans. That is all.
Don't get why I try so hard when it aint even real! Just a dream.
I hope you didn't pick the Bulls. OUCH
agreed. Good job pushing for concise answers.
yes hun you're almost there.
If your gonna fight someone. Make sure its just you two. No need for other people to jump in just cuz you cant fight your own battles.
Googling now--thanks. I'm underread when it comes to the current thinking, having left the field ten years ago.
We like to keep it moving RT #Gemini hates walking slow, driving slow or anything slow.
Music: How do you like it, fast or slow?
Starve a Bully Feed you Soul #STANDGRAND . . . Been a while since I heard that :]
Sorry to miss tonight's #nysaisneli chat but excited to begin my first NYSAIS accreditation committee visit.
What do you mean you don't have time? Wanna check out my schedule?
ha start pre-season right about when i am back so we'll make it happen
its good to see an uptick in the market
our visitors in NC are going to love seeing your OH estate & landscape in "A Genius for Place" opening here tonight.
Oh anyone who is so hype about dream chasers 2 just off your self & go listen to some real music .. #imonarollthismorning 😡
Hello Jodi! We hope you had a nice flight! RT : Hello Chi-town! (@ Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 122 others)
I was picturing an epic dubstep rave but a musical works too.
That's their view- Too many "other"s procreatg; white popltn falling behind- time for white women to make more real Americans
I hate that to which is why I usually block people who I see doing it because it's so annoying
Play cornhole at tonight at 7pm for your chance to win a $50 Cup o' Joe gift certificate!
MY EXACT THOUGHTS.
cbs radio app
hm not cute.
girl I feel ya! I'm still trying to grow mine out.
Wanted to have Mo finish off his career getting the last out of a World Series. I hope this does not end it for him. Just horrible.
And the indignity of having 7 year olds run faster than you. I do believe I will train more before attempting it again. :)
watched #TheVoice last night and saw you gettin your way with the girls, good job bro and goodluck to ya!!
Last full day in Michigan... :) Yay for the sunshine state!!
m, will do. Having a good Indian restaurant that delivers to my house is very dangerous.
“: I think Sporting-indigo-sporting would work but not this” YES!
On the pho wit
Check out in and video
I do and get what I want. Kay? Kay :)
if this was done 3yrs ago we may may , be ready to start work by JAN. 5/ 2012.
Just arrived at for the Spring Fashion Luncheon benefiting Operation Rebound! Great style, food & company!
Glad you were able to escape! ;)
284 Pounds of Fireworks!!
Did you guys know Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle?
haha good job...
Alex Smith to have a Press Conference tomorrow - Most likely to announce that Matt Moore will be the Dolphins QB in '12 -
Join us at Senor Fish right now to watch the 2nd half of the with !
I just won one of the free tickets to see The Creators Project with perfomances by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem.
RT “: Check our FB page for a special contest!”
Just gotta make it through the next 3 days - one of which includes working the bar on NYE - and then Ill be in Scottsdale. Heck Yes.
Wanna dance? It's National Dance a Polka day - no clowning around - ok, some of that too; it's International Clown week...
haha I'm sure he will too
Almost positive that's not possible unless you all plan to only wear bikinis everyday, all day. Good luck! :)
it is hard not to feel like you view the death of someone i cared about as a convenient advertising opportunity.
People like to call me Brian. I don't know why.
K walls half clean windows check weekend cleaning love it break time for lunch :p
Heading to the gym, starting the day off right.
LOL, Kimberly... I have a guitar, but don't have the slightest idea of how to play... wish I knew how.
Testing Alternion to manage social media account. Pretty promising so far.
Love it. Beautiful ring, beautiful day for you and The Boy. congratulations!
I am very private about stuff like that too I dont blame you...you have plenty of stuff to keep you busy plenty of fish...be picky
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Lol. Follow back please?
Btw..you're really cute. Haha :)
Happy Independence Day!
#uCantBeToughAndSay "Aye I hear you good with them soft lips bruh"
You learn a lot about geography when u have 2children on 2different continents doing missions work &you hear there's been an earthquake.
I'm so glad 2 hear! Such awesome news! So happy 4 u!
I never really cared until I met you.
RT : Wow, honored to be included! Thank you,
got some good news - some great potential... lets hope it works out :)
Thank you for the RT! YOU ROCK!!!! XO J
It pains me to admit how much I loved that doritos taco from taco bell
Hot guys are headcases.
I swear u and Eboni gotta be 2 of thee hungriest women I kno *bites 6" from subway & looks at the 2nd one in purse*
in my pool
He doesn't have a Texas accent yet ... he's still a brit.
wow JOsh Hamilton
Need a full body massage like now ASAP any takers
If you like chill #music 4 a summer soundtrack, check out BR!NK's interview with up-and-comer Trevor Hall. bit.ly/mXU52d
i love when my dude let me take his socks off and soak dem toes with this wet mouth
save some for me? :)
Listening to My Wish, missing and Laura!
where is my ticket?
Totally forgot to tweet about this, but Going to NCFL Grand Nationals in Policy!! Woooooh! -Sorry followers who care
. My friend did one better: she contacted the awards organization that hosted the awards competition.
are you listenin? this and EVERY saturday from 1-4 am on Power 98.3 Where Hip-Hop Lives.....
Nice! (Wonder when "nice" reached its height of popularity?) '97?
don't you worry your pretty little mind, because people throw rocks at things that shine.
Attending the Bands for Boobies event, part of the Komen/Race for the Cure weekend. Good bands, food, & charity!
Ivan Dochenko on Eastbound & Down, Gennady (crazy Russian) from movie Limitless = most accurate portrayals of Russians by non-Russian actors
I'm actually working, so I probably won't make it. I'm just really hoping a Darren Kramer bobble gloves ends up at KREM.
Good luck RT : My One & Only Exam In A Few Minutes
AH! :D hhaa. iForgot how it goo thoo! D:
it was totally clear 30 mins ago Now all clouded up. I swear if I miss the supermoon i'm gonna get all on someone
Sittin in the airport lookin at a fat man in a sleeveless buttondown half shirt. Wtf?!
Never doin dat shit again not fixna dis me on my day got me bent. How df u can't give directions to whea u stay. Shit heavy ima map quest
Great site makeover-just in time for the show. I'm sure the server is going crazy right now!
#Peoplelikeus find the funny in every situation
You can either run with it or forget it..
Idk how manages to keep our phone bank buzzing & build up our GOTV force while finishing her Masters in IR from USD.
RT : Tons of powerful design here! Q3: What current #design trends are exciting and inspiring to you?
haha that's always a fun time ;) study? boo!! lol just relaxing today and working on my new company that I just started!
Shouldn't you being worrying more about helping this country than Tweeting Romeny bashing Tweets...
gives good examples of ROI for #socialmedia at San Diego Social Media Symposium
Wow people have gotten way too sensitive. If you cry over twitter -- how do you survive the real world? #seriously?
I know I can't be the only one that wants to rip the Heat's PA announcer's voice box out, right?
always ahead of the trends...
"What's it called? Never heard of it" - -Stop using this excuse
Hanging out at the carillon for
MERRY CHRISTMAS MADISON<333333!!!!can u please follow me it would be the BEST christmas persent eves!!!!<3
#FF She knows everything that's going on in Westchester!
Lifes simple pleasures!
Just caught up on #Awake on my DVR -- I love, Love, LOVE this show. Can't wait until tomorrow night!
Nervous but excited about our thesis readings tonight...but how are they here already? This program is QUICK!
yup!, great deal of appeal to our gen. Btw, ill have u know that my NewYrsRes is to see at #mardigras again this year
S/o to my boy for being to tall, and being one of the best friends ice had in my time in Virginia
Fun fact: we have a countdown timer for The Dark Knight Rises on the TVs in the office. No joke.
you are welcome!
Love to Zumba with you ! :)
if I had some designs, I could crush it in no time ;)
any partys in richmond tonight?
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER!
Why is your ringtone "This is why I'm hot" ... Wtf?
Skylar :) how about yourself??
Clearly the amount of fucks I give is relative to the amount of hours I sleep.
yes. they had a huge closing sale back in Feb.
Keep your distance until you know how to handle it in the right manner
Weird dreams...
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence” ~Vince Lombardi
i no i do too lol
That is so true at my school wheneva a gurl get broken up wit she crys nd then gets aa notha dude the next day <3 lolz so dumb
thank u!
GOOD MORNING.
hilarious!!! Secretly looking forward to reading more. Write on! Please :)
Glad you enjoyed it! Always good to meet new friends
I always pay attention to everyone's tweets and never sleep.
yep been to Europe twice and Bahamas and Mexico..and you?
All clothings from American Apparel We can relabel at a low price
ARE YOU READY? www.worldchampionfans.com
He needs to catch the damn ball, then he can run his mouth all he wants.
k watever u say
#NSMN panel: TV networks have no contingency plans for no #NFL games in the Fall?
Bielema to media, "have to limit the distractions this year." Good luck with that one.
Check out the only "Thermogenic Fat Burning Coffee" in the World! Google it, and get back to me.
I'll now never be able to listen to Revolver without thinking of Don Draper.
Novak went to Marquette with and a back to back jumpers
It's christmas time there's no need to be afraid!!
“: My perfect date would be April 25- it's not too hot, not too cold. All you need is a light jacket!”
trying to make twitter work for me. ack!
happy new year to you too!
hey guys working on a new song called "Noboby's home"
wants some beerz
why does my twitter get hacked everyday -____-
How are all my sexy tweeps doin tonight???
Thanks for the laugh! #Hoodtastic :-)
...hanging from all of the light posts.
Wow, that's AMAZING! Let me pass this on to my faculty. Perhaps we can have ALL Neumann students go through this site.
We are having a Reno Collective Townhall meeting today at 4:30pm. We'd love to see you there but we'll also post minutes.
Who's on one :D
"cool points are out the window and i'm all twisted up in the game"
Every damn day. Ugh.
Tell us, how has your experience been with Marukan? We'd love to hear your feedback!
Hookup 1 complete. Off to the next one.
#BadTeacher was hilarious but definitely not a kids
Thanks Gail! So many ways to avoid those copyright problems with good policy!
Someone take me out drinking tonight please. I might put out.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
: Surprise studio session with and with beats provided by
RT JUST ANNOUNCED: NYC residency w/ Special guests
R U KIDDING ME?!? its Demi Lovato's new song, its called skyscraper and its AMAZING seriously, look it up on Youtube
Grrrrr why are people so STUPID?
great to hear...thanks!
Follow My Home Girl She New To Twitter
Can I get a halleujah? ((( Holy Spirit Hugs)) God bless you!
Holy Saved by the Bell! That WAS Mr. Belding.
Cool. Let's invite all the Twitter fam in Cali & have a partay!
aww that's ok.(:Glad to know you are well too!I've actually got to go now,but hopefully we can chat or talk again soon!Bye4now
LOL, yep, I finally got around to taking a picture of my new haircut.
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
Happy Birthday ! <3 :D
SDCHC is 1 of 2 organizations in San Diego with Chase Community Giving! We need your support in Round2 May 19th-May25th. #call2actionSD!
DAMN SURE FALLOWING THE BEAUTIES
I am excited for your future and will support you as a fan!
hey , tweeted about you... you know you're fangirling on the inside.
Did you enjoy your week in Miami?
“ If you're looking for advice #Gemini will help you, they're good at giving advice and they enjoy doing it”
Howdy Welcome back to twitter and I'm guessing you're going to be Murph or Connor on Halloween...
#reggae in the office is just plain torture! Makes me want to be on an island with a drink!
In honor of Super Tuesday, TELL US YOUR VOTE for your favorite play or musical!
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to help.
Climbing up and down the Metro escaltor almost always makes me feel like a mindless drone.
You know what's GREAT, hearing from a friend you haven't heard from in awhile.
I am Target shorts, I am a cleverly worded knitting T-shirt, I am sandals, I am craft-show earrings
I just blocked him. He just beyond annoying.
Why are you guys talking about clarinets <--- ? Maybe(;
done! More ham added
Text husband "Happy V-Day I just registered us for R.A.I.N. & Hilly 100" I expect 2 come up missing this evening & husband 2 b main suspect
like made a twitter !!
Today I entertained another angel, and this time I knew it was an Angel!
Ready for my Anti ACL gig!!! ATX here I come!!!
!! Yes! <3 them even more b/c Swish sent good wishes 2 my dad who passed away a couple of wks ago. Made my dad's eyes light up!
Oh well!!
New photos just up from Cabana Bar Event!
Symposium speakers tout benefits of Iowa caucuses
go listen to our christmas songs. drink a little eggnog for fawck sake! WWW.PUREVOLUME.COM/SWINGTHECOAST
Congrats to for having the tenacity to go big.
Please follow =====> I'll follow back!
thank you for the shout out!
Your phone wont ring all day, no calls from me anyway.....whats next to say?
#WorstRapLineEver anything ever said by "weezy" the only "weezy" i know is the squeaky penguin from toy story.
it was meant as a joke mate. can't tell if people are joking or not on the web lol
When your phone* falls on your face while you're laying and texting in bed <<
I got word that #instagram is now on droid :-) I don't know if ill join but we shall see
tht awkward moment when u cant find ur cell and u think the person sitting next 2 u took it then u realize tht it was next 2 u all the time
I just tried calling him! It doesn't work!
Wow now there is getto tours. people can take a tour in the getto u think that is a good idea
FHA financing allow 3.5% down payment- and the down payment can be from a qualified gift
back writing a little jive on the KC, check it out... aint shit changed
Love and respect each other out there,doesn't matter if the world is watching or not-it's just the right thing to do. Be Punk-- Care!
San José State & Utah State have officially accepted invitations to join the Mountain West Conference
sweet! Predictions for football Bucky MT?
thanks to for supporting us at columbus east!!
Almost Everything Is Coming Up Roses - LA Downtown News Online
you're to cool for me :p
thanks for the RTs. I replied to your comment.
AH this is crazy!!!!!! but exciting!
“In times of great stress or adversity, it’s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive
Hey guys :3. Just passing by to show some love (myspace status, lol). Stay Mindless. -Arlene ♥.
i did but i tried to videotape but the guy ws like no no...
“:It is common knowledge now that the GOP has plotted to defeat Obama since his Inauguration Just start there and look forward.”
Christianity is not about being perfect.It's the opposite of that.It's realizing that we all sin which is why God sent his Son.
I just figured you were a fan of Michael Jordan haha.
Almost hit by a driver who didn't see me in the crosswalk. Discovered that my last words are likely to be "Whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey!"
If I show up to class tomorrow, and we do something I've already learned, I WILL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF FOR NOT SEEING ED SHEERAN AGAIN!
College = the Hero's Journey. There are a lot of similarities!
oh yeah lol
Hey A, in your travels of the web, have you come across an ilustrator--one who could draw a kids book?
Need some help? www.TopTierLegalGroup.com - The only trusted resource for attorneys you can trust!
S/o I aint seen u on my tl in a min
Gen. Stanley McChrystal is being used as a distraction for Obama's oil spill...everyone knows Obama is a lame POTUS
I take that last tweet back. The "Interaction designer with dev skills and a law degree" is the winner of today's batch of job listings
Ooh, congrats! That is super exciting!
As time goes by, things change..
sleeping is good for you : )
I am so giggly tonight! I miss Lan 😔
Its 5 weekends in June. We will probably only play on 3 of them and use the extra practice time 2 get ready 4 the July recruiting period.
Watching "Attack of the Show!" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just got finish eating cearl
Anyone know of any part time first shift jobs??
Hoodie Allen
I knew you would! LOL
Face your fears and doubts, and new worlds will open to you.
When people get passed their addictions they will become creative and build pyramids again. I love you people of color!
That is so true. Thank you for sharing.
life when gets out I do want to hear him do a song T.I. but thats up to those two would love to hear that
Getting ready to attend #legalchat hosted by 11 am for those who want to join
Hopefully my package didn't come yet (Fingers Crossed)
I read y'all statuses and I know why some of yall single ..ijs -- Lol..
Delayed in Detroit. There's a movie in this somewhere....
The Advance Course is happening today at the Covention Center. Thepeople addending are really getting something great for themselves
In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend; in adversity, nothing is so difficult. Epictetus
You are welcome fine sir.
Prv 14:20 The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends.
what's up for friday night? Maybe we can chill after I hit the gym?
Congrats to Teyana Taylor. Happy for her. Well deserved
Not exactly. They are not engaging in mass genocide as policy. Please.
Some things should just be easier by now... "I am who I am who am I requesting some enlightenment"
Say "meow" instead of "now" to all your waiters and waitresses HAHA. Best night of my life
Yes, and... Who gave all these kids car keys?!?
I want I want I want to be loved by you.<3 (:
I've done pretty much nothing all day but read "It Happened To Me" stories. Thanks!
Job searching is officially the most horrible thing ever. Well, of the things that don't kill or maim you.
Really enjoying the #j475 Capstone Advertising presentations. Great work, all around - you guys are awesome!
it is good. Haven't seen the movie yet.
I scared Shelby away, oh :(
Thank you!
One of my favorite quotes from last nights online acting class " I love having the chance to be on here." Jeff Osborne Hollywood
Disco lives on “: Rest In Peace Donna Summer 😔”
On this Day in '73 the Vietnam war ended
We are looking for a new apprentice to train in CAD/BIM and or engineering. Contact us if you know anyone who may be interested.
's new album is pretty good. A bit of Prince influence. Some Queen. Even a touch of dubstep beats. Lots of top 10 singles.
Not only is great at what he does, but he also seems like such a good, down to earth, family-oriented guy
Long, long day with 6+ hours in the car and a 90 minute presentation. A very enjoyable day, nonetheless. Great conversations w/ many people!
Thanks! will u share it with ur friends? It's on spotify and amazon mp3!
I grew up listening to him broadcasting the Blazer games. Snapper is a legend in my book.
I want my guitar already!
wake me up when bamboozle ends
Merry Christmas hope y'all had a good one I did lol 😍❤
Sounds like no Boyle and Dubes today
Got a pic too! You're ready to go anywhere you go.
“Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.” ~ Ryunosuke Satoro Happy birthday !
Ppl should call me jeezy or gotti cuz i speak the truth
Blessed Thursday to you too Linda. Thanks for brightening mine! :)
- Our friends at www.fakediamondsclothing.com just dropped their Spring line. Buy them all!!!!!!
takeaway for me is subordinating standards & measures, and placing creativity, design, discovery at top of learning agenda
aye appreciate the shout out
or maybe so the fat will go to your ass and it get bigger;]
Hopefully Ill see all my followers @ Bert Weiss of Q100's The Bert Show event at 7pm THURS @ Aurum Lounge, 8th and Peachtree
SNDY looks good
15 miles down, 985 to go to reach my goal for the year.
homemade thai spring rolls for dinner...i could seriously drink peanut sauce.
Thank you everyone for helping me get closer and closer to reaching my goal! Spread the word, I'm gonna turn this mutha out!
What if we like kidnapped him? Lol
Looking forward to Night with Cougar Football Portland and having a beer(s) with
You're welcome! It was great chatting with you. We'll have to make another trip to Lotta Frutta soon!
Submitted a bug report/gave feedback to and got a response from the founder in about 2 minutes. Wewt.
Can't wait tell tomorrow ,imma have fun
watching students take a test. when they complain they wanted to write MORE but had no time), that's a good sign.
Wednesday -4/13/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
#AGirlDeserves a guy who CARES !
Why am I at a loss of things to do when I don't have an open gym to go to.. FML
Who is down to go to the Beach on Monday?
<---The Realist & an Inspiration. You Gold fam!
I bet I'm not... & I don't always go fast!
I'm not familiar with the book.
What the heck is Robotronia? Guess we’ll find out at tonight, 7 p.m. at Hobson Gallery.
I'm in love with Justine Lupe
you know i can't do that...bouncing off the walls...it's all good now, it took about an hour!
live your photo
Im asked to find Lindsay Wells missing 5 cadaver dogs hit & Simi PD won't dig need help
Getting excited about this weekend. Packing kleenex for no doubt is gonna make us all cry from inspiration again :)
CANNOT WIN TODAY.
Just tapped, Kolsh Ale (replaces Tandum Double Ale)
thank you sis. I love you
until what? Your lime flavored send off? :-)
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 59
omg, I'm dead ! hahahahaha 😂
Your so fake you make barbie look real.
are you gonna be in math?
seriously...I woke up thinking it was Thurs...depressed now lol
Accident: Hydraulic near Georgetown - south lanes of Hydraulic closed
I been in this game for years. It made me an animal.
On my way back to NY. Le sigh
tyler ; didnt you go to smcs (st.monica) ;D
Jimmys letter was awesome. well written, smart, and right on the money....rock on Blake!
RT : Cant let my attitude take over my day
would you ever consider doing a duet with ? :)
