I always laugh a bit when people say 120mm film...the visualization of how large 12CM would be doesn't seem to come to play.
Happy birthday to my baby daddy again!
RT : its time to build #DopeShitRightThere #TeamBoxMann Sick Made
me too! ;) I haven't seen the footage yet. My sis is gonna teach me how to edit my own vids. It'll be fun! :)
Haha! That's hilarious! Plf cover band? We're honored! Although you'd be much more succesful doing dave Matthews band songs!
you too! Have a good feeling about it :)
THATCamp Hybrid Pedagogy if I have my way. :)
haha must be
Lots of girls do! I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James, & most of the top 20 piks last Sep! Girl power!
So much grading to do and - o, there's an 11am showing of the Avengers?!!?
4,000 followers! thank you guys. lets get it to 5,000! My new music is going to blow you guys away!
Unfollowing all the people that send me spam. Stop sending me spam!
full blown hardo move bein a bar before the sun goes down
Why are there so many etiquette books directed towards girls?
thanks Alexis! You rock!
thas what's up
Did you block that fool?
a good way to look at it. Being smashed by 30 is obviously da same as losing by 3. Must not teach math in the bluegrass state
he started jumping at 2 months..the first day we got him 😂
Olympians comparing their bodies to hybrid cars = time to move on
thank you so much :)
Family guy in Spanish is hilarious
wow! I had no idea. Thanks!
VJ for a first down.
Hey World! I'm new to twitter! Who should I follow?
#FridayNightLive at ! Music by & Hosted by Powered by & RT
OMG I couldn't tweet for a second. FEMME FATALE
Thanks for the intro you wonderful lady!
I feel sorry for #Jelina . The biebs is already cracking under the pressure.
Then I just saw that I have a collaborative English assignment due the day after spring break that was assigned today.
I will post it on my blog tonight with the information on how to prepare it. It would not fit in a tweet :)
#summermemories when me got thrown outta fun for all ☺😏
and it's one thing to report hard news it's another to bet on morbid curiosity for click throughs
is back in the saddle - flying F16's in Colorado is a nice contrast to Iraq!
you'll be great! It always takes time to get the hang of it.
that would be amaze balls
Never here wen needed
oh cool wat u buy?
QotD: "Hamburgers. The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast." - Jules Winnfield (Samuel Jackson)
Heading to sparring at
I have come to the conclusion I must attend UMF next year xD
Blessings to the women of our world who Mother us. Past present perfect imperfect, birth Mothers, those who accepted the role, Happy Day!
The #MegaMillions 540 Million-Dollar jackpot is a world record! I heard a report that tickets are selling so fast, SOMEONE will hit tonight!
W/B I-70 west of I-25 closing due to number of accidents. .
Can't drive to Fond du Lac with anyone in the car because "I'm a bad driver".
3D is overrated. The Rock still cannot act.
Happy Memorial Day from Planting Fields! :)
Full day of final editing and interviews for sound design/mixer all with success. Welcome Julian, talented sound design/mixer now onboard!
Hanging out in Colombo, Sri Lanka
Sorry. Would love to but we're at a soccer tournament in Verona.
Wishin' I was at Awards right now. One day, one day.
My client is writing his own answers down at deposition. This is weird
i got your check! you prob sent it forever ago.. but seriously im too short for my mailbox....hahah
Hi there...sorry we didn't get to talk more last night - next time :) If you are ever in NY, pop into
Mm.. Thought your comment was correlated to my profile update.. You're not allowed sleep, Masnick—We count on you missing NOTHING!
Hottest dance party of the weekend. -Phoenix New Times
Logan you look so out of it! Hahaha
got a fun research request- looking for images and stories of The #Beatles with Send me note if you have one ^TR
what about leaving from a different airport here? Or flying into a different one where your going? Last resort may be upgrade
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster have just been added to Minerva! Stoked to see them with underOATH again?
“: ": Miss you, Love you, Believe in you!!!!"<---love this girl!” LOVE you right back chickie!!!!!
There will be lots of pugs there for you to love on, including my Bella and Romeo :-)
A see you lata or bye wud have been nice...
thank you
You mean KNOW it alls. :)
Chillen with my sister an her beautiful kids
I'm afraid to do it too often, lest I get careless. The baggie method was mentioned, but I don't know if that would work w/ touch.
I don't lie pfffffft !
RT:I need some new jeans. A couple pair >spandex.....al spandex
its 2012, shldnt marijuana tests be irrelevant? if it was coke or prescriptions meds, then OK...
Everytime me & my small circle of friends get together we always end up crackin up every 2secs over so goofy ass shit lol.
happy mothers day to me lmao 
Good Morning Twitter Peep(s). By the time you read this sentence, I hope you have already figured out I meant YOU(:
I can watch takers 500 times & Chris brown Gets sexier the more I watch it <3
Thanks for the shout-out! We're currently in the middle of a big Romare Bearden mural reinstallation project in Pittsburgh.
My first book just came out! It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
We don't want people to stop buying chocolate [phew!] - but to be AWARE, and to take social media ACTION.
Dolphins are the BEST surfers.
excited to hear interesting stories and ideas today
#SEM10 10:45 Paul Schauert's panel on "Propaganda, Power and instrumentality in W African Dance Ensembles." Discussant: Kelly Askew!
I'm shaking for no reason
TAs serve no purpose at UK. Thanks for making me wake up for a class that was supposed to be cancelledafter we win a National championship
#AskBoca Hey Carlos, who do you think has the greatest beard in history?
conflicted today. How do you deal with feeling you have for a guy, that might not be the right guy for you?
: Sir, it's time for Congress to act on online #poker licensing. States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon
Fun indeed. Thanks.
still feeling great, just wanna fight already!!!
Thx for the follow! It was great playing with yall at dba on Mardi Gras day!
you know. The unit. The fork unit. Your done. The kid is walking. I'm putting a fork in you, your done.
if you were my neighbor I'd hit you up for an onion, and invite you over for dinner
New celeb mom-to-be...new mktg deals-to-be abound RT : #Beyonce rubs her belly after her performance. Major congrats.
I love your tweets!(:
#nw Robot Chicken
Oh Bristol! Go screw a moose.
did you get the sunburn thing done.
I actually head of that. Is it a principal role?
Finally finished with school til August...awesome grades, next step is graduation next week! HELLO summer, how I've missed you <3
#GirlsLoveWhen Guys Let Them Rest Their Head On Their Chest While Laying Down .
I don't care all that much as long as they aren't lashing out at me.
#bestadvice Just because you're done now, doesn't mean it's over. You're not finished. Your hard work will change the world!
oh, Straight thuggin !
At #HoosierPRSA luncheon listening to prezzo on crazy media attn for men's bball team. Makes me proud to be a bulldog!
If you have a clear mind and an open heart, you won't have to search for direction. Direction will come to you. - Phil Jackson
No Disneyland for me 😥💔👎
I don't even think I'm going to the homecoming! :( my parents are broke! Real talk.
it's been a great day! (:
What restaurant delivers tomato soup?
Just watched my first 2 episodes of #UnchainedReaction and I must say it is fantastic.
Thank you for the new follow!
wow! Need for some immediate lessons for her on what not to do..thank goodness nothing happened.
RT : "like the UK Bribery Act ... it prohibits commercial bribery" Squire Sanders' "Overiew of Russia's Anticorruption...
ok just leaving bjs and on my way home
“: A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, & realize how blessed you are.”
for what I don't know, I guess to be around for my kids and look good when I die lol
Can't wait for practice tonight! Got a new student starting!! Wonder how long it'll take them to try and get their claws in this one?? LMFAO
I managed to get through about 1/3 of the new play without using the "z" word. Have to feel good about that.
tnx for the follow :-)
I am living it but would really like a 10 min call from you on national advice regarding improving academics in america.
I really shouldn't get used to walking outside in shorts and a tshirt in the middle of winter...
A similar thing happened in Portland, except it actually WAS the projection.
TMI, UNCLE JESSE! Cut-it-out! “: In mid air right now- is it still considered mile high club if I do it alone?”
NO! At least I know for sure 30 Rock has been renewed for one more, final season. That link didn't work...
North needs south. East needs west. And no needs yes
Better said...Will the #electric #utilities take full advantage of the #cloud with a full #security solution?
So proud of you!! Keep going and finish strong!! You can do it!!! #RunDavidRun!!
I would also love a call from him someday haha.
I think it's called 3/17. ;)
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” —Kurt Vonnegut // Mother Night
Marvelling at the production of the show River Monsters on Animal Planet
yesterday, the victim was a 42 HM. The attack, at 26 St & Mission. Same area, where, on May 3, a woman was slashed in the face for gangsters
Iwant the new mac air computer
Whatever, we're just watching Big Business instead.
RT : The Productive Scholar, today at 12 noon: John LeMasney on Inkscape. Princeton's Frist MPR. Please join us!
well you do that dumb rave thing at tremont is the same night right
Thanks for all the love and support
Was expecting a picture of you at a show. What I got was so much more.
but if you're gonna say that then the TEXANS should have beaten us in the wild card game...
Hoping This Conversation Goes Well. It Is Very Much Needed. =)
Just saw my baby on american idol from tonight <3 I miss him :( but he was soo good & his new song is really good ♥
rain checks happily accepted in these times of drought.
can't complain, what say you?
Everyone follow. Cutie
You know how it is. The country is split evenly between the 2 parties & folks in the middle go back & forth.
the sleeper pick merch is in! anyone going to buy some when the web store is open? :)
Westchester county's finest!?? The one and only?!
TBD has a helicopter? There's your new revenue stream: helicopter rides. Sign me up.
what player was tweeting during the game? If you're referring to Harrison he isn't with the team due to suspension.
If u hav feelings for someone let them noe. Don't be stupid tho! we all noe when sumones not interested
really take a look ...serious!!!
Y'all should go "like" our friends in Cadence, they just got signed by our other good friends at Crown & Anchor Records. "like" em also!
Thanks, Barbi! Wonderful meeting you yesterday. Stay in touch. :)
when you coming out here nigga?
I hear you. Too many as well. Spectrum, Security 12, and Summit. Grueling. Still running?
Im hungry!
yeah, that was ok. the maura johnston one was good, too, but I read plenty of her stuff elsewhere already.
My Ice Is So Cold , That Shit Come On A Cone !
Bases loaded for Aubrey Huff
We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it.
Just laying in bed, looking at my room & thinking about everything.
That's what Skype/Tango is for 😉 #Aussie “: aw it's not so bad... I'm sure when u go home it was come back :)”
Wat u been up to
You need to cum to Texas and see me, soon!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Thanks Mary! My inspiration comes from everywhere - even the amazing House of Drysdale. =)
Well I called you didn't answer , I'm not even gunna try anymore . Over it
I'm starting to hate this place...
I just finished a 5.05 km run with a time of 31:15 with Nike+ GPS.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained
Headshots done resumes almost done packing not done. Hm...for getting so much done I still have lots to do.
RT..Anyone with softball/ baseball experience interested in adult kickball referee position this summer? $15/ game, fun atmosphere. DM me.
Fantasy Factory:D
RT ...I was forgetting the house music!! I love it!! :D... There isn't party without Electro House & Dirty music :D
Today in Literary History: Tennessee Williams' "The Glass Menagerie" premiered at the Civic Theatre in Chicago in 1944.
you mean just follow
You know how I got to do it
Just been workin, What's Good Big Homey?
You're suppose to make others feel invincible NOT invisible.
New web design and user portal on the way for
Bahhhhhhh .___. all the girls i live by are such hoes...like legit..close your legs. omfg. thats why i only talk to 2 girls and mostly boys
YES. I actually had that same exact thought.
#1 in a series of tweets to help future historians understand what tweeting is: I stepped in gum :(
lol ok dang
Detroit Lakes and New Ulm are tied at 4 after regulation in the first round of the consolation bracket.
Conscripted "by" seems more accurate than "into." Maybe even "impressed" or "abducted" by rather than "conscripted."
I think we all need to ask ourselves that question every now and then
Whats Your Favorite Drink?
#Bills look like high schoolers today... :-/
New Music Posted Soon.... Quickie Remix Feat. MIXED by
Just Got a FREE bottle of #crownroyal here So yeah, its gonna be one of those nights!
*chuckles* you know it. :)
And the spectrum scholars luncheon is at 12:30 TODAY in the special functions room!
Happy Leap Day! The first Leap Year was proclaimed by Julius Caesar today in 46 B.C.
Can you give me a shout out please?
Why are there no Elephant Talk era King Crimson mp3s?
sitting in boring English wanting to go be Reckless! Even wearing my Stay reckless tee!
Just go.
Omg I wanna learn to salsa dance 💃💃
mine too! Ordered and shipped to Charri!
<------Direct ALL #Heat slander here. Fan or not. I'm alright w/ adults discussing basketball. I welcome it actually.
aw boo! Yes I got Nick really good. Almost made him cry lol
Looking forward to it!
Honestly there is only #oomf that Im interestin in.... If yu think yu kno,, then yu probably wrong
Dave Shultz was the best enforcer of the 70s
I think yesterday was the best day ever :) im so glad i met you... or re-met you :)
I wanna go to a pool!!
What is with you why are you starting crap up with ? You are better than that.
I'm a teenager, I'm not going to follow the rules, i'm going to live life my way.
I like that Ichiro at least took a hack at that first pitch, instead of letting these first pitch fastballs go right by him.
That was much to do about nothing.
Thanks for the follow and the listing. I look forward to tweeting with you!
I thought the Nestle Yorkie would be special. It's just a giant, sexist, solid block of milk chocolate.
I want 2 thank all of u 4 #FFs! I'll thank u better later.A gardener helpd me whos great but broke thru sum waterlines so things bit hectic!
I hope you get it!
no love for the frog suit??
26 points at the halftime? I thought this was the end of the 1st quarter.
I use 2 think 3yr olds could understand babies, Until I was babysittin & asked a 3yr old wat his sister said- he didn't know lol
Did I mention I got a hug from Jack Loeffler? I did. And it is still making me happy.
My work email address is being spammed by an "adult classifieds" list & now ppl keep replying-all to be removed. Stop making it worse!
At roca bar houston
thanks man! hope to see you at another show soon!
Problem solved. RT Yesterday, 6,952 tons of goods & gas (including 440 tons of fruits) entered #Gaza from
HEY SWEETHEART
RT : Be careful: 1,984 people who were passengers in #cars were killed in alcohol-impaired #driving crashes in 2010
Happy Birthday!! (:
RT : Met a wonderful Amish woman today. Visited a farm. Made beautiful quilts. Gardens bursting. Gave me fresh mint. It's...
steady doing tht huh ?
remember when we dated for that brief time
When someone makes the most annoying person ever sound fucking amazing lol omg Gtfo
Happy Friday, thanks for the #FF!
Why do people go into restaurants 5 minutes before they close. I hate closing now.
Randgold Resources - Robust reserve profile; increased overall grade
Canada's banned the penny, but they can still charge ¢99 for stuff, right?
Second best thing to the #colts winning the #superbowl is the #giants beating the evil #patriots AWESOME!!!
Did you send me a DM with a link attached? I didn't want to open until I verify it is actually from you.
get the droid..will show you the app if ya stop into Pipers :-p
damn....im not even watching cuz my boys dun made it thru the first round of games 4-0!!!!
Tonight come check out John Chimes if you like the blues 6pm, or make your request to Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm
#FirstEdition doing the #Gas happy dance this morning - prices under 4-bucks a gallon in #PDX FINALLY
F no! #redcard RT is it g 4 dude 2 tell another dude "man u put a smile on my face U made my day?
I'm watchin and Philly's got not just the lead I saw, but in double-digits.
no problem, the for follow you too
so does anyone have a bike they would let me borrow/have/buy for cheap? i need one.
You made me blush and made my day! thanks for reading and tweeting! <3
Just saw a job posting. Gotta ask, where did some folks get the 'you should work for free' mentality?
Jeb Bush prob thinking less about endorsing Mitt than the fact he might be the greatest victim of "anti-nepotism" in history
The #Nuggets game?
My tweets are not that fun. - Disclaimer.
I love when "?" text me ☺
Happy Holidays everyone!
Words can't describe how much I love Lauryn Horstdaniel.
Shake shake shake....shake shake shake....shaky your booty....shake your booty. This was the #1 song this day in 1976.
Great question! Would love to hear too. I have found good third party websites but no plugins
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
good cause my sauces are legendary....
“Have the courage to live. Anyone can die.” -Robert Cody
“: just informed me that "pretending you're not going to have feelings doesn't make it so"....bummer.” it is truth!
so you don't see a difference between control and regulation?
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack At Heart Rate Monitors California
how is the twitter crash course coming?
Missed you guys
ur so pretty and i love the wayy yhu dance :)
Interesting! RT : to judge some party. You say "macarons" and will be there.
thanks anabel for following!
oh lol just thought maybe you had something else to do or something. I was looking for you.
I Don't Care What Walmart You Go To... They All Hood... Smh
Married love of life on 17th. Been busy but so happy!
trailer park boys?
Completely surprised my mother today with balloons, food, and love! 😁✌
yeah it's a great concept. They're definitely onto something...
Will do! Glad you enjoy the milk.
Awesome...i'll be sure to stop by and see you guys
Tessa yelled for me while she was in the shower, I ran into the bathroom and she looks at me being dead serious&goes "do I look fat?" lol
But we *do* decide that very thing every day: in wars, in funding for disaster aid, in abortions. We already have the right.
Jealous! Gotta hear how it was.
* Mr.bigham listens too hard.
follow me i am as i am following you friends
well-played.
With my fucking ride or die bitch GIOVANNA RODRIGUEZ!!!! BOSS!!!!
Daedelus set giving me ear problems.
From a big fan! I sure hope you get a lot of playing time this year! Drive to to the hoop more, pull the defense to you!
I want to see the hunger games
Likewise! Let's hang back home some time lol. Are u sticking around now? “: awesome to hang with u in LA!”
now officially in my late twenties. does this mean i get to take more naps?
i have no idea and probably not just make sure you ask her today how many hours you need ans then see if you need to go
"One day, a man walks into a bear…"
I want to follow a random family around Disney world for a day, and just be in the background of all of their photos.
Bitches Brew has been my go-to writing/reading record for years
As opposed to anyone else on the bench?
Nigga you Aint Got To Text Me !!!!!
I can hear fine! ...
Follow me please
Finally hollywood puts out a great movie. Go see black swan
Most of America. I never see anything below an XL touch clearance racks in NYC. It's expensive being skinny here.
Scott - can't wait to see you at the Gallery in the next day or two!
HOW YOU DOIN
The #ROsCars are this weekend. Best party in #ROC is ! do u have your tix?!
We'll be watching for Ray Rhodes RT : thanks. Was going to go with Lindy Infante. In due time
RT : Yay! RT : Campaigns are out...content platforms are in
came into our store once, bought a collection of lullabies. When a coworker realized who it was he bolted out the door after him
TV Review: &#39;30 Rock&#39;: A visit to the set
when i think of house i think pitbull and afrojack. lmao electro has been doo doo too. :,(
Reserve your spot and take advantage of the early bird special just send in your registration fee of $40.00 by this evening! Don't Miss out!
Great presentation last night! Got really good takeaways. which I will be implementing immediately.
TGIF already? Let's see superb meetings, Ins Agents digging the PhotoSheets & Emergency Response time, yep a good week for Call Paul indeed!
True sneaker junky
#4 on the Charts - feeling the love Colorado...
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. - Joseph Addison
Who do the #Redsox bring out to close the game? I say Aceves.
I woke up scared as ah bitch
Congrats to Louisville for a great season. I respect that whole team except Behanan, he's a jackass.
Anita- THANK YOU!!! RT Great Pic!! RT : Four reasons why I LOVE being a Mom
Official timeout; I should say so, if you could see the carnage and mess that I'm seeing... dear God, I love derby!! :)
Had so much fun at Charlie's and neves party!! Davila
follow me please?????(': <333333 :D
#RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe - People who start every sentence with "So..."
try computer doctor on Temple...we love them!!
True I just estimated on the pages but I say around 230 more pages but I still dont know how my novel will end
that does sound better. lol i remember yesterday you were like lets go watch t.v, yet we never did. HAHA
Curry's Auto Service Summer Sweepstakes
Pure pressure is a bitch, so here I am actually "tweeting" for the first time. I'm such a sellout, I love it, lol.
I know and no one said anything to me till it was to late :(
Dont forget to like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/EzAsSquEZ
Went to Sea World SD last night. They provided us with a list of all their foods and allergens in the park. Very helpful.
I remember watching Mike Cameron launching four home runs against the White Sox, unfortunately.
Hoping everyone had a safe and fun holiday!
is trying to sue Dokken for putting out an album that came out ten years before their shitty label was founded! Fuck Jesus!
Everybody finish this phrase. "You know you in the hood when"......
This. More than 3 losses and Tebow is in. RT : Mark Sanchez gonna get pulled for Tebow by week 6
Thank you 9th Circuit.
A letter from Houston Baker to Reed in which he offers an "anti-Judeo-Christian autobiography" to Reed's publishing house.
sounds like fun--super sleepy though. Any ideas?
Susanna is in charge of them from here on out. She has my memory card. But I am sure they will be up soon.
Awesome games last night and Keep up the winning streak!!
#RVA How have you or a family member contributed to Black History? Second Baptist Church, West End wants to hear from you.
Insanity! 2nd time had my bank account hacked. Clearly it's a European virus/hack. Last time was also upon return from Italy. Safety people.
you are Katy Wright. The semester doesn't stand a chance.
so cal so what?
=) Love those Cats
I think we can win in Boston
": earrings with an s lol" =)
hello follow me please ;) bye
for sure. So downtown this weekend? I'll give you a call sometime to let you know what I'm doing. You will be jealous.
Sometimes......I wanna set the world on fire....
Care to help with the rocket building portion? I am horrible at science.
yeah, we just got home from eating at Frickers!
Lebron mvp should have taken it but he copd outRT : guess that means wade was mentally weak for missing that layup? right? anyo
Lolol.he said "do u got a number" lmfao.wth? Thats a weird way to ask. But FIKHIOVNZVG
I've been listening to 1969 for days straight!
The talk I had with my stepdad >
I'm not smiling no matter what you say to try an make me :p
Great opening monologue Ms.
nf cast member
well that's also part of spring clean up. Kudos. ;)
You can just look at Pau Gasol and tell that he smells bad.
yes part of broadway across america
#6: choose the best solution based on your current and future requirements. Numerous #CRM solutions for functionality. cc'
Hey, , are we talking about the same Clive here?
Fielder flies out to left to end the 1st. 0-0 heading to the 2nd.
Change, when it comes, cracks everything open.
bruce almighty in chinese.
I get to go kitty shopping today!
There's always some truth behind: Just kidding, Knowledge behind: I don't know, Emotion behind: I don't care & Pain behind: It's okay.
Why is Jacoby Jones trending...? I didn't know he was so popular...
Math test in a few, not happy :( xx
#AYMD: first panel was "The Collision of Privacy and Openness"; second (now) is "Creating and Sustaining Trust."
Nasty breakin ball
Loving this new apartment . :)
CA Initiative Process began 100 yrs ago today. Prof Glenn Smith proposes notice&comment process 4 initiatives. How would u improve process?
He's a BIG fave at our house!
RT : You got to know when to hold 'em. know when to fold 'em. True for business opportunities too.
I'm following you now :)
Hot Dog dominated the sausage race today.
The more time I have to process, the more content I am with this. It wasn't sped up; so next season can be absolutely wonderful.
March madness begins... Let's get it #Hoosiers!
Great to be an #Orioles fan today
porcaro's deep pockets!
just submitted my harassment story...
my pleasure! I may keep the #Stayhomereadball party over the weekend :)
Meg&#39;s Musings: The Importance of Punctuation....
Today is my Birthday please Follow me and my two friends and and i will give u a followback :)
How does this contraption work?!
Yo! What's up??
Open the door !
Another SOBCon Chevy ready to leave in 10 minutes from the Hotel 71.
I miss you shorty!! Never hit me up??<---#Change that=)
Yea i hear you talking shit but i let it slip cuz im not getting down to your level
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
I hate country. Judge me.
I'm trying to use a credit online - doesn't work and I'll get when I call is rather lovely spa music... pick up the phone
Monday's Events: Log Sawing Contest, Harness Racing, Jr. Dairy Showmanship Contest and The Robinson Family - a musical experience.
WUZ UP BITCH
Why are British and Australian Guys so hot???
Overwhelmed with how much packing I still have to do
RT : A lot of opportunities to win prizes at #gpacacmoacac12. Come by booth to get you torch sticker and country star.
1st day went well. Can't wait to learn more tomorrow.
": Triple H, Justin B., and 50Cent really??? COTTO WHOOP THIS NIGGAS ASS!!!!!!!"
so good. Believe me.
Happy Founders Day to the First Black Sorority - Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 104 years and still going strong!
The sun is out in KC and the day ahead will give us challenges. Be thankful you are alive. Hug your loved ones.......
"fingers gotta stay off the trigger till you're ready to shoot"---
Bought almond flour today to make macarons :)
I'm more of a Buddha girl if I'm honest
lol okay ill see u on there
that was supernice
BGC: camilla did her damn thing rest of them bitches is wack. Red head erika need her ass whooped!
I did! It's so gorgeous out today!
#ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to privacy and agency.
I tweet what the FUCK I want...#NoFilter homie!
#Denver Keep smiling - it makes people wonder what you've been up to. ~Author Unknown
did you remember to bring a banana?
LOL!! Even practically one-handed, Radar always seemed to get more done than anyone else!
I'd expect nothing less from JR. Nobody is better at the meaningless 3
...need to restock my fruits and veggies to make smoothies
In all, I don't see why NZSUSD, AUDJPY, USDJPY will eventually tag their respective 61 fibs of major leg up.
u sleep
Oh, it was One Direction on SNL. They looked so young!
Heading back to #Syracuse after a wonderful week in #California with
Check out the VIP lounge you all will get to chill in at my Single Release Party on May 25, 2012!!! Sit back & watch the performance.
Thanks for the RT!
I found a Mourdock supporter. He says that he feels like has become less conservative & wants someone new
Call us if you need a ride! (630) 363-9027
well ya know that's how we do it in the #ATL lol - btw Austell lately? Happy 2012 if I don't hear fr U til' then~enjoying Ur twts!
i was telling Oscar about my ex and stuff and he was like "you need to move on and be with me" i was like :o
HAHA! Ass, that almost made me spit out my bloody marry when I opened that pic!
Adore your mexican skulls! x
decisions decisions
": LOL OMG. ALL DAY ERR DAY XD IN THE CAR.. LOL dying."
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #1: What are we going to do about collecting sound recordings?
Congratulations to the people of Egypt!
still no leads on the blender; we're camping this weekend so its ok...any luck on your end? By monday we will NEED one!
We have a full time temp office clerical opening at M&M Office Interiors from 4/6-6/20(ish) for $10/hr. Let me know if you know of anyone.
and I'm media trained... I like to talk about myself... A LOT!
Phyllis Diller~ Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Croatia :D
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "20% OFF + Free Shipping Carlos by Carlos Santana - Ends April 27"
She's sweet. I'm wild. We're dangerous.
Yes. You have a lot of energy. That's good for radio.
Are Lakers better without m w p?
tell me how you did when you done
Uh, hello. I'm doing some research. What do you think of when you think of California? Thanks.
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Looking for the PERFECT gift? Treat someone you LOVE and YOURSELF! For every $150.00 spent in Holiday Giftsets receive a $20.00 Giftcard!
I know!? Harmiane and Ron got together. I was legit up on my feet clapping! I KNEW IT. I KNEW THEY WOULD GET TOGETHER!
So smart RT : PTs have been great, we are just careful not to step on toes when they refer over, we refer back
Come on home Chicago Bulls,we still love u. You made it this far and you're still winners.Real fans never give up.
thanks. And now, I finally graduate. :)
Hoochie, goes ho's like that always be on the track
Welcome back for another great Lagond school year!
Busy weekend with interviews, article writing, and working with our webpage designers Can't WAIT to debut the webpage to you all!!!! :-)
What's cooler then being cool.....
Password change :)
. #EndingOurPrivacy with #CISPA? OK: I had cereal for breakfast this morning.
Mark Cuban is responsible for the Dallas Mavericks collapse in the playoffs. He's in charge & he's going to do what he wants, regardless.
Why cant you just be happy for me..
At home with my baby girl and why you acting up
eh. Could be better. But okay. How are you?
I don't let people walk on me so I'm not going to keep people around who talk crap about me
More from the "Overheard at the Quick Stop" series: "There IS a difference between me and you... I DON'T suck!"
You can be a victor without having a victim.
You can't change people. Not everybody wants change. Focus on the change within yourself. No regrets. No looking back.
I still don't understand what Star Wars and/or dogs have to do with Volkswagens.
evening everyone.
lol well im gone put n n get another room
okay Goodnight! Sweet Dreams! X
lol i bet you bumbled saying it :P
Tomorrow night party people! Stella's Starlight featuring Caress Sahura! We. Are. Ready.
Q;How Come we never hooked up? A; Cause Youu Think You Can Play Out Every Girl That Hook Up With You And Im Not Down With That Bro!!
If arab ass says "We The Best" one more time I'm gonna scream lol
also let me know when you might be in New York and I can arrange a meeting. Call me so we can discuss,or lets meet up.
Lunchtime quickie, anyone?? Our lunch specials are fast and super affordable! Available 11am-4pm daily
- alright I got my old twitter back ! Lol
Question from the floor to : pd2.0 is defined by what? Internet usage? More Actors?
I know it. In my hometown.
did you see the Spanish booths in already? Resol: 1020, Kettal: E733, Porcelanosa and Interiors From Spain: 1024. See u there!
single, i guess. I think....
Purple Friday here in Baltimore! Have a great weekend. Leave the car take a taxi. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
. always has the best bumper music, but why no ?
difficult to grade papers made of outlandish claims, for i love them
Happy birthday !!!!!! Enjoy this rainy Monday!
Woo hoo! My real-job business cards came in time for #rootstech!
RT ": I'm not popular bt I have good friends, I'm not rich bt I have what I need, I may not be liked bt I know I'm loved ❤"
As #Virgos come and go i This #Virgo stay on this planet till' the very END
Seriously hate this basketball game. It cheats. Other teams rock and my team sucks! We always lose!
I've never been a D. Howard fan. Why doesn't he take anything serious?
Yeah, everything happens for a reason. But you just fucked up.
sometimes i seriously think that you were dropped on the head as a baby & it worries me. like idgaf if i get hate for this but fuck you.
-bitch is really geting off...
Will treatment be limited to stabilization if aesthetics can be handled digitally?
It's Shanshan new social media intern at StudyBreaks. How's your day?
The tables are turning! FINALLY!
Back atcha! :) RT : #BayArea LOVE to Museum of the African Diaspora's young professionals organization.
Lmao oops yeah I did.
I always have my goldfish~
Is it only or is everyone elses mentions unorganized?
"Yes, dragons happened"
I love orange juice with the pulp :) Idk why ppl don't like it -.-
does that number have some kind of significance? ;)
I'm just so happy!
May 5- Amina Figarova sextet in "Night town" Cleveland OH
We are heading back to high school today. Fittingly, met in high school and we are joining the BMYA's class today!
Heat 4th qtr performance is a management issue.
I love you <3
Just starting to feel better. Looking forward to getting back to painting.
I've seen Meloetta, though I assume they'll(Nintendo) hold off on releasing her until her movie comes out.
cool, thanks. I'll help out.
Please write a comment below, so we could help you more
Come to hillcrest to see 8pm.
#iWillNeverTrust men ever again thanks to my ex...
This also means that there will be a regular Geek Crash Course page in the magazine! More coming down the pipeline too!
Freaking notebook is on...I'm gonna go be a little bitch and cry now.
Will do my friend! They're blasting Irish music during the break. Seems like the place to hang. We're keeping it real 4 you.
Glad to hear it! :D
I think that is called
So it would be like 'a year of buying American' blogs or 'a year of buying from Black-owned businesses", I'm tentatively
April showers bring May flowers. Who is ready for Lilac Fest!? Most rainfall in April in #ROC since 1929, so I'm expecting beautiful flowers
okay so I'm not going to bed until you follow me(:
He knocked you up, denied hat shxt, and you still took him back ... You better than me
no the one where I wish graduating students well.
Super tired. Super bowl tommorow RT if your watching it. Night <3:-p
OK... this new Jack White album is some serious shit! love it!
Giving a stream of "What people are saying on Twitter" can help reduce decision making anxiety.
I don't think straight people even think of DPs or CUs benefitting them, unless maybe they're old.
hello darlin! i bought the last brown leather bracelet @ room service today. i would love two more. have any available? thx!
Ugh! All this damn drowsiness. Maybe if I eat more it'll ease up....
as much as I wish, he isn't my man... </3
it has been fun hasn't it? Have a great night!! (:
I'm gonna start tweeting more often. Dammit!! My battery is dying. FUCK!
houseboat rentals in kentucky Houseboat Rentals - Boatel
Thanks for sticking around :)
not tryin to go to school tama -.-
My twitter app keeps force closing on me :/ so to those who followed me or r going 2, I promise I will follow back, but mayb not right away
I don't understand you...
wait till they drop?
I hear there's a twitcam tomorrow. It better not be while I'm at school. Just watch it will be.
Moving On To The Next Topic Trend #Mahomie4Life And Forget About All This Drama.
Redsnow #Jailbreak seems pretty smooth!
Welcome to twitter:)
We have 15 students and 11 staff members and the field trip bus they sent us holds 19. This is education, folks.
i'm a little biased but knocking everyone's socks off and the debut lp from levek!
There's still time to get Mom that special something Fri, Sat & Sun enjoy 15% off handcrafted items in-store and online!...
thanks roz, you should be in IT...
i know i used to do that if the female wasn't in a relationship for at least 6 months or married i wasn't interested
have fun love
We move forward with somebody that isn't a dumb asshole.
Ugh, I don't even know how I'm going to run the mile for gym tomorrow.
i want these egg rolls in my mouth hole!!!!!!!
": If you're not getting someone's attention, don't give them yours. You're only empowering someone to hurt you."
Watching all these Nicholas Sparks movies makes me wish there were actually guys like that out there... :(
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 55
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at AMC Northpark, Seeking Justice at Cinemark 17, Jeff Who Lives at Home at the Magnolia.
I wanna go to a camp in July!! HAahahahaha so happy
That's a good thing.
Love the CAPS? We have 2 GREAT tickets for tonight's game for the FB fan who first posts a picture of our logo somewhere interesting....
Thanks for the link Debbi. Hard to believe only 11 months have passed since we wrote about residents in the area rising up.
GM! we are holding a benefit for on April 28th. Any chance you could donate something signed???
hi baby. i love you
: Facebook surpasses Yahoo, now #2 (to Google) in daily traffic
Hey! It's there every now and again. Honest.
someone in cracker barrel said that she loved my band and that shes seen us three times haha
I got faith in my team
": Single, taken, in a relationship; are all just terms. Your status is measured by your actions." Luv this guy RT this NOW!
Hey guys ill give you a shout out if you follow and RT this tweet I am checking if you followed so get to following ;)
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyper-realist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
All I want is a beautiful day spent outside with my <3'd ones.
30+ hardball season again! We won today; I went 1-3 w/ 2 RBIs & pitched a respectable inning. The HGH really helped this offseason (shhh...)
At Foundations in Las Vegas right now then AMOA Amusement Expo starting tomorrow. Busy times but always good to network and meet new people
summer 2012 is so close <3
Maybe records management has jaded me, but, after reading some recent articles by archivists, I feel more outside the box thinking is needed
haha yeah, and omg i saw peachs a couple of weeks ago!
sorry, I only fish with whoever offers the most money
Tomorrow on the TJMS: Tyler Perry's chatting with the crew and discussing "Madea Gets A Job" Tune in!!
We are in Phoenix AZ. We are named after Seth Godin's book Purple Cow and we also own Golf Realty Network
Lady at PacSun just asked me if I came into the store 2 summers ago w/o shoes. Told her she had a great memory
I'll always love him... No matter what.
Thanks for the advice. I will try the un and pw as soon as I can even get the page to load!
yeah been mad busy.. Ive been up there all week tho.. Yo ass needs to call me lol
I touched the screen for you !You are the best around they will hire you!
I'll be there!!
home alone & dont have shit to do <<<
#backinthedaywheniwasakid i used to brake little boys arms when they called me golly green giant..lol
By The Way, True Freedom is Financial Freedom!
Im waiting for the pizza man to deliver my PIZZA !! im starvin like Marvin
Haha... nearly lost it there. You're right, the last line didn't help.
Tonight! LIVE Haters for Hire. Molly Sharrow, Michael Buzzelli, and Kurt Branagan tonight at the Steel City Improv Theater. 9:30 Show.
Good morning :) TGIF lol i wish i could be with you today and.. forever
almost like they say hahah i going to fuck wit mommy mind so she cant get play lol
yeah i picked that lol
What do all you archivists think of this? "If you can't protect it, don't collect it." via Wish I could've gone to
My show airs every Sunday about this time.
if I were you I'd give it up and take up something else haha there's nothing to look forward to
William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
#goodnighttweet Sweet dreams!
During the new Jersey Shore tonight has an announcement about the VMAs! Hope she's performing!:))<3
still burping smoke lmao
Filling in for someone tonight for the CSSC means I'm missing my Hoosiers kick ass. What a bummer
Kobe with 40
okay ya'll sorry about that. I am done with my rant. lol but anywayyyyyyss, I WANT SOME STARBUCKS!
I spend $350 a week on average. Is that low or high?
We appreciate you! #AIDSWALK12 RT : Early morning start! Walking with in the walk today!
because your protected tweets piss me off! Lol
I really, really enjoy using Grooveshark. I prefer it over Pandora at work, actually. Lets me make my own playlists so I don't go nuts.
Your love has me locked up behind bars.
I LOVE YOU! :D
Fountain's Dictum: There is an inverse relationship between the use of "LOL" and the hilarity of the previous utterance.
It seems to me that the secret of life consists in simply accepting it as it is.... Juan De La Cruz
Thanks. No, you weren't the house spinster as you didn't have enough cats. Spinster have cats. Lots of cats.
what i love you ? i need u :/
I found this quote that you should follow . have a good day and Run your Day. "Either you run the day or the day runs you. "
Champagne and beer tonight. Pain tomorrow. I'm going to be SO ready for my juice fast on Sunday!
I wonder how many of my Wisconsin dwelling friends/family are at Miller Park right now? (a lot, I'm sure!) Go Brew Crew, Happy Home Opener!
Everybody getting they're panties in a bunch instead of thinking logically about the whole situation.....
Now Following →→Go FOLLOW→:)
i kno that must look good
I live in poland and you? ; D
check out my music on facebook! goo.gl/ejx0Q RT
Walking around all day. <3
T-pain on the court can't hit free throws an now goal tends... I play better pick up ball
"Must be 3-7 sentences." "Yeah, I'm only writing 3..."
Charlie Sheen is planning a humanitarian trip to Haiti because He says he wants to show them what a real disaster looks like
We got featured in the Ext JS newsletter for the Ski Crystal Mobile. Thanks!
I'll be
You need an excuse?
#Santos up 5-0 will make us 5-1 in Soccer today S42 dimes get on the list I
well, what about your mom's chicken?
to watch Alladin
I think I already have one!
how can i get signed to your label
I second the triple-sieve suggestion because I can't think of anything good on my own.
Ah, how wonderful! Loved Coles's dad: “Bobby, if you’ve got Middlemarch, you don’t need anything else.”
there should be more to come in the following days. the team is retiring for the evening. will keep you posted. great show in SEA.
That Suks! Ugh the only thing about me is that my wish is to meet which i know will never ever happend!:(
The fact that they keep showing that notification months after we've agreed doesn't help my confidence in
Learn how to swim so you can get deep, the shallow end is overcrowded.
I'd say its a dead tie b/wn the two for me.
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love. You are one of the most beautiful girls I've seen!! Gorgeous!!
#thankful for today... Even with the snow!
Caught my first Medeski, Martin & Wood show last night at the HOB in SD. Highly recommended.
I took a B12 Vitamin pill, and I feel like I'm having a heart attack and want to skateboard at the office right now
Have something you want to let Moms know about? Send us your press releases and pitches to !
Rocking out at Luxotica showroom thanks to my friend Junior.
Glenfiddach I love, Lapfroaig, sorry--too much peet for me.
form post?
Great workout. A little tanning action. Now headed home for some dinner.
It' s what you learn after you know it all that counts.
oh if you want to share one with me i'll write you a haiku a day for a week :-)
These Salisbury U librarians are Prezi geniuses! Great presentation on getting students into info literacy.
Ima kick your balls to your throat.
Did teach you nothing? Don't chase your dreams... Catch Your Dreams
At Dullesn to Aspen for Ideas Festival TOTN from there Tues, Weds, fron Denver Thurs
haha im going to come in and be like hi ms simmons, i have a delivery for abby horan i mean what ?! haha
Taylor didn't even tell us she changed her hair!!! :'(
Emerging markets as "colleagues" rather than "customers", changes the mindset from "help them" to "work with them"
"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff"
1. I am quite excited about the debut on 2. I am rather worried about 's news today about her health.
It was so great meeting you today! Thank you for all your kind words. I might have picked up SO SHELLY on the way home...
Smokers likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm www.closys.com
Breaking up is hard but we all have to do it
#bb13, watching flashbacks from last night, Shelly talking about Anthony Weiner, and how he disgraced himself
Cool!! looking forward to it brotha.
Man dis week went bye so fast man 🏁
Watching new years fireworks from the beach in Wailea, Maui was an amazing start to the year. Back to Seattle in the morning!
DoE: Anything else not captured in app that you feel would help our screeners? Me: I'm applying even though you've no idea wtf you're doing.
dude! The new profile pic is totally creepy! GO PATS
Rick Ross - "McDonalds"
I'm sorry the timezones r soo off I'm in australia :( r u officially on summer brek now?
Flat tire on the way to work this morning. Luckily I have chocolate in my desk.
this is cracking me up
When you Love People...that makes God HAPPY!..GetOnBoard
DODGERS GAME TMRW NIGHT!! YAY!=D needa go pickup some Dodgers gear thooooo
Your Buatiful and it's killin me !
And trust me I didn't try for 15 and a half years of school and did just fine
is a disgusting person omg.. I hope you know that you are awful and are just trying to get attention but seriously leave Naya alone
get anything good?
that looks and sounds DELICIOUS!
Time to get a king sized bed?
RT : 85% of sellers want more service NOT less commission. Via #crs210nm > & though they may pay more they net more!
Good Morning!! :-)
Employment in the U.S. healthcare sector grew by 21,000 jobs in June, according to recent data from the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics.
hell ya get one month free on like a ps3 or Xbox or if your tv has it!? Then 8 bucks a month!! Do worth it!
why would you make coffee at this time?!
went to the store today to get a magazine with you in it. You were in all of them. This is getting expensive. Lol
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch. -Robert Orben
truth, almost as much as an 18 yr old Austin
I will get latest and try again.
IM HUNGRY
Loved your show !!! Amazing pieces.
bong bong
With all the dirty, lowdown, gritty grooves you got in "The Grifter's Hymnal" I needed to take a shower after listening. FANTASTIC
That was kinda ironic if you ask me!
lol I'm gonna assume this is about me and my truck ;)
comes back I hope the lines between Clana v. Clois will NEVER be blurred. The way you have told the story, Lois is it for Clark.
Thank you!!!
Losing a patient is always hard to deal with, even when you know it's inevitable.
no, i'm not gonna do this all summer again.
*smiles* Okay then. What's up?
“: Just remember who has always been there for you when everyone else wasn't.”
Choose to be present in this moment, it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation takes place
Shout out to for trying to jab me in the jaw after I gave him a nookie
also Art Garfunkel and Tom Waits
RT : Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. William Butler Yeats
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT!!!! PLZ!! not forcing yhu though
bout 2 make a move ima check bac later!!!!!!!!!
"El indio no vive sin la tortilla."
RT : If you don't like most ppl, it may be time to look at yourself as the source of the problem
Depends somewhat on type of book, but generally $9.99 is the new ceiling for mass consumption.
Naw just beats only, are you looking for some tracks?
Took a much needed nap. Feeling better! :)
how annoyed are you buy the "take this survey" hurdles in place on Adweek? - #friction sucks
Beautiful Friday to you too and thank you for the #FF Have a wonderful weekend!!
Does anyone want to see Shen Yun with me at the Lincoln Center in case can't go..
I'm an insomniac and I STILL don't think there are enough hours in the day.
what bro, thats a cool story.
where at?! & yes maaaam. What days are yal stayin?
Momma have one in the oven?
after 's previous post i've discovered that 'butter cook' is a MEMBER of a band called 'the fruitnannys'. pretty mediocre imo.
that is very acurate lol A+
Jared jefferies look like a poor man swizz beats
may be the only person in beavercreek that doesnt get high and has never been high.
What time is it where you live? It's 8:42am where I live. Wbu?
You're welcome!
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market 2012. Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the #WestLoop!
When pretty people call me pretty. c:
I told you idk who's going. Do you want be to ask my friend?
I will! #TebowTime returns this week!!
Well said. Me too! RT : In tears here watching #cnnheroes So inspiring. So much hope. Truly moving.
LOLL those were funny tweets to justin lolol<3
Need help filing your tax return? Call me! (504)891-1970 or visit me at my office: 804 Webster St.
What position needs to be the drafts top priority?
He got sum Bomb ass pussy from a white lady.
Kansas is playing like a 16 seed
I'm bored & my mentions are dead... Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest! (: go go go!
just remember how the family of contortionists would feel is they read that tweet k
Stop seeking to destroy everything you hate, and start creating anything you love.
wow that is so nice of u that is why r my roll model my everything I <3 U.
haha yeah. crazy stuff man. I'm glad they're having fun. I'm just concerned about all their younger fans and their BTR's image.
k. When?
At times I just wanna cuddle, and watch a a movie until I'm knocked.
oh yeah?
#NW Transformers. The last one.
same here :)
At youth group playing gaga ball
If I need it, yes. He sounds like he's the real deal this time though.
Yall can pick up yo size braw an just go, me I can't do that, an I hate it
Haha! The pillow IS their weapon!
our carpet got a bit wet, but other than that, we survived the storm. you?
Damn creeping on OLD tweets haha
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
why do people even say 'smh' i find it very stupid.
Praying for everyone's safety with all these storms. Yikes!
right before he died.
As much as this week at SXSW was bizarro and wonderful, I am so ready to come home to Boston. If only I wasn't laid over for so long :(
Charlie Bragale and guests are in studio, on News4 set
i'm sure you heard about what happened with me in the caf lol
Thank you! Have a great Friday!
Be sure to stay tuned to our website @ www.LuxeEssentials.com for new updated images of our products!
Sad ending to a great game played by the Badgers.
Finally finished Catching Fire.
yo! What up, any rezzies for our wine din?
Pros and cons of normalizing the dataset, lots of idiosyncrasies that might be lost if they removed built in redundancies
Ball so hard NFL want fine me $$
It's all about the hatred... Isn't it, #Georgia?
I'll take it. Dozen years ago the NCLS worked out nicely.
He is so beautiful and knows fluent English :)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys out there :D!
milan, turin, padova and that fleshy place between thigh and buttocks.
Have You Tried: Kefir?
Omg why is my website awful and why haven't I been keeping up with it?
holy shit goddamn this playlist is like on fucking point
Have fun tonight - wish I could be there too!
I need something to happen to me today. Somebody to that.
Sounds good and I'll let you know what I see in Digital Projects. :-)
Yep...not done yet...windy through tomorrow and then it will calm down for a few days...chances for t'storms remain, though! :-)
im just irritated af !
follow back? <3
My sister arriving in Hawaii would be the last of my worries...if Mauricio was in my hotel room!!!
hit the rocketballz and new Nike driver. Both very smooth, Nike seemed like lower launch, but same distance.
i missed something here.
dare you to send that to Dan
Fell off my friends horse and was slurring my words.. im okay now.. working tomarrow :)
#20factsaboutme 7) My laptop is lime green!
.!!+|_ HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Check check 123.....
what it do Homie. yeah I got a tatt shop
Prosecutor:"when somebody's little girl doesn't wake up because of a criminal action" there will be a fair trial.
and you kno this man
omfg I hate that ruins such a perfect thing called sleeping :P
Didn't know where my iPhone was for 10 seconds. Literally had a heart attack.
Evanescence!! aaaahhh Wake Me Up Inside^+*
#10thingsihateaboutyou : Bicth, i just hate you more than hating.
Up 3-1 heading into the top of the 5th! Chris Smith now in to pitch for Washington
See you tonight for #Muse talk
THEY ROCK😔
Romney's pattern of misstatement and distortion is the campaign's most under-reported story.
Rest In Peace. Donna Summer.
lol I got you I thought you were sayin she did, I was like the FUCK?
I couldn't figure out what was going on. If they were that limited or the effect of cancelled galaxy foams
Trying to mentally prep for this weekend, FLT,hasbro party,3rd annual liberty Halloween party (biggest in Boston), and dgaf w/chris crisis!
We had a blast. They asked good questions....and we're glad we freaked them out a little! Thanks for having us at
with the license I have big dog
Black history, valentines day ,me n my twin brother b'day! The month I made history! The love month! #Blessed #special-month :)
exactly. I just don't tell them that part. ;)
I know I will but I don't want to go back lol
haha..I love how honest you are. Wish more people were like you.
NO IWANT THE PREVIEW URGH IM SO IMPATIENT
“: who's manning twitter???” Just some guy. Maybe Wally or Taylor will honor us later.
washing my car
Tea and Lethargy
Awesome! I'm sure Jack would agree :)
Hope my bestfriend is feelin alright after her surgeryy!!
lol lets stalk him together lmao.
Wow! We put the #DollyParton wallet up for sale yesterday, and someone from FINLAND already purchased it! FINLAND PEOPLE... FINLAND!
this is real hair , my shit is NOT allowed to be pulled .. you can rub yours hands through it tho' ...
Aye ; do me a favor follow my bo ! :)
Annie, Get Your Gun!
I wish I could marry He just seems to have a beautiful soul.
can i get an, AMEN(; lmao, im ready to see you in your dress♥
Billie Holiday would beg to differ.
To bad I'm not into Mormonizism, I would love to live in UTAH!
that's just any small school anonymous quote
My draws is sticking to me thats how long I slept
I guess you done feel the same?? :/
Ahh, if it could only be March again!!
I am always left home alone.
go see the Avengers!!!
Holed up in a hotel room in Pittsburgh, waiting for the next hockey game and wondering why I can't find olympics coverage.
on our website and twitter! And for you web designers - our site will soon need a makeover. Any portfolios out there?
I love the GK dance team. Not gonna lie.
To get to Lincecum like they did, that has to be a confidence boost after 2 straight shutouts.
it was an odd night...I think I'm too old lol.
Its been a while since i've seen some Twitter After Dark shit on my tl...hmm..
Lets have a great Monday...
shit! The ONE time I don't go to the bar...
In love with
thanks champion <3
Avg Apple household own 2.4 Apple devices rt One-in-four iPad Purchases are made by First-Time Apple Owners...
I wanna go see The Avengers. This weekend.
Deep Blue Organ Trio, two sold out shows at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola last night! Thanks all!
OH: That's it! No iPad for a day.
woo, love the followers <3
Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing - The State
nice shot!
where is simple math on your roadmap? It would be more than a "nice to have".
thanks for the follow!
i love DC hip hop
Sad that when I go grocery shopping I can only afford roundy's products
Bella and Zendaya Fan Forever! !! !! Love Ü girls
omg my brother gave me pizza...
"Improvise, adapt & overcome" is still my favorite saying.
Great to meet with you as well...awesome to see you guys taking the biz to the next level.
Hey Liam PLEASE follow me!! :)
Hail the size of golf balls hitting my parents' car and making me feel like a sardine can in a rock slide? Fun day...
FINALS, who ya got?
Today is World Water Day! Join the conversation by following #worldwaterday and
that is amazing. Much better than what I had come up with.
you was a one man bitch, go ahead and make that switch. i got the leather in my shit, your old man got that itch.
True...but I'd like to visit!
Patrick: "Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?" Me: "Absolutely." Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions.
Matt kenseth is a great spokesman for you, congrats!
Barometer, n. An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
5 weeks of my life fit into 2 suitcases, a duffle and a backpack. Sorry I am not sorry for checking all of them.
I can deal with a lot of things ...no sense of urgency is not one of these things.
LMS If You Have A Facebook
grinding at work and making people laugh
oh my...that is just a treasure trove of great ideas! How many hours do you suppose I could spend exploring???!
Guess who just came off the SpaceX wait list!!!
Thanks so much for the review!
a must have for game days
goodnight have alot of dream! cuz who doesnt like dreams;P
Welcome! RT : Officially walking #marchforbabies305 with
I'll start believing your words, as soon as you start proving them.
that's how we do big sis!
I followed back.
awesome, thanks for the feedback!
She speaks the truth! RT : Only in Ohio can u get all 4 seasons in 1 day...smh...
drat! My demands will never be met, I better start kidnapping more important shit!
Answer questions, share tips, help everyone - don't give away your secrets. File under: lessons I still need to learn.
the federal poverty level for 2011 is an annual income of $10,890 for an individual.
TOMORROW NIGHT, TRAINING CAMP, PRESEASON, AND THE SEPTEMBER!!!!!
Truth. RT : Our waiter is a total hottie!!
Once you start to dislike someone. Everything they do begins to annoy you.
moved down here for a new job and to be with my fiance. I make it up to Austin every now and then though.
Wax coke-shaped bottles with colored sugar water inside
I'll see if I can pass by mañana. Where did you get it?
Visit our website, we have lots of beautiful Apartments and USC Housing for Students! www.sternmanagement.com
Aw ! I love you too ! If you need more Followers ! Tell me !
playing the part of a rockstar with a hobby that pays the bills.
Story of my life lol": Sunglasses & advil"
Dear MLB Fans: say what you want about Bonds and Clemens now, cause you rooted for them then...
You could call the Arab Spring a food riot -women out in the streets protesting price of bread. We have been depleting the world's resources
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS. So be a W I N N E R . And STAND GRAND.
When Lil Wayne got jumped into his gang, he threw a party like it was his bat mitzvah.
These people are unaware that the bubonic plague is in there midst.
Some of you people crack me up, putting "lol" at the end of the sentence, knowing good and damn well you typed it with a straight face.
I had a similar experience with this winter. Between this & , I am so disillusioned.
"... behind a computer will only drive you to depression, and defeat."
May the 4th be with you!
How about using social media/Web 2.0 tools for engaging citizens in policy development outside public meetings?
Hey #WI, be sure to go out and #vote today!
And seriously bummed to hear about your back. I hope that works itself out quickly.
Thats not always bad! RT : Home sweet home on da solo..
Check out San Diego Natural History Museum through Jan 15 for the "All That Glitters" display of gems and mineral exhibition at Balboa Park.
Might be back early, so I'll be able to track out those joints!
the chick in the UCPA
I'm good Lood
it's still light out and I'm going to bed. 💤👍
That makes us so happy. Did you change it all together, or get a quick freshen up?
Really really like him alot
5 available readers on ShindigTarot.com ready to give free #tarot readings for
you want to see it if so i can send u a pic of it but any way do u got any pics
I would love to talk to you today.<3
That's all kinds of f'ed up
Hot dog hot dog hot diggity dog
Watching #GameofThrones... Yeah Buddy
Thank you David. Have an awesome weekend!
Thanks! We're all tired on this end. Hope you and Stassja are well.
I'm having serious heartache pains for Dollhouse. What an awesome show.
Are you fucking kidding me NBC?
Read it and weep bitches
ok maybe he was kidding (:
Why, oh why, did Geico decide it was a good idea to bring that pig back?
I must be hooked on phonics... I'm confused. Have you created a user guide yet. Also, I want 212.931.9020 not the venue's number.
Pretty much dead on all accounts. I think H wrote something recently -- I haven't written in a while, either. Might as well stop.
tell the cousins hi!
I just screamed WHAT?!? at my phone upon realizing Adam Yauch died today. Sadness. Lots of it.
no clue but huge amounts of parents pick up.
If #Tiger wins more majors than Jack, does that make him better? Read about it here-WWW.ussportspages.com
Tonight .... Late night check in at The McKittrick Hotel Excited beyond words - Are you ready?
The idea that have-nots are really soon-to-haves is a fantastic lie that keeps the never-to-haves in line.
great day except for that &^%$( parking ticket. Grr.
“: #Leos are always ready to throw down for the people they love.”<<<<THIS!!!!
Just saw a license plate that read "brahin"
It's the afternoon here, and I'm still having a hard time!
Study the matchups and maybe you can pick a winner busboy!
Words cannot express how awesome last night's Radiohead concert was. Actually, they can...but I'm too lazy to write a review.
You're very welcome! In glad I could help.
ah! I'm a day late but I love that you hung out there & thought of me! Paradiso is magical.
do you know if we had to do all the atc's for chapter 8 and 9?
who do u want dude???;D
can someone give me a WOOF? Kinda bored!
computer? or...
fersure bro I should be in pretty good shape by then aswell.
A woman asked me while I was carrying a camera at the track meet I was shooting, "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"
The fact that I'm still watching a show where hair gel (or lack thereof) is an acceptable plot line says something about me. Something bad.
and has changed the game for me. 3 films and 3 web series booked in the month of January alone.
I do, bunch of varieties at various generations.
60mph to 75mph down to 45mph then back up... knows what I'm talking about lol....
watchin get rich or die trying
Going to sleep.
Find me at the Grog Shop where I will buy you nothing. Unless you are
iv'e been trying to tell them that for like an hour :/
i freak out everytime i watch it<33333
lol yeah but they live in communities with just them and they don't use cars or any other electricity... Lol
Last I saw Hazard was wanting Fergie to make a move, where's he wanna go now then?
come play tonite!!!! =)
sorry we try to only follow those who follow back. good luck out there! if u follow us we will follow you back
Okay, that IS disgusting.
I hope you feel better!! <3
thanks for following!! XOXO love the site!
trying to nominate a project, when I preview it keeps telling me the why field is blank even though it's not. What am I missing?
Just Breathe!
If I wasn't in Atlanta traffic I'd be a little confuse seeing a grown ass man blasting Rihanna's "Birthday Cake"
If i dont tweet back then my cell tower is done cause its storming.
Excited to announce on 6/4!
McFadden is legit franchise back. Shades of
Thanks for connecting here Jaime!
$.55/sf CARPETS YOUR HOME installation only - material IE: carpet & pad Extra
Black youth unemployment rate is 40%. The social engineering of high minimum wages has eliminated entry level rung on employment ladder.
That's where I stopped!! RT : It's been pretty bad to south & west. 18 inches of water on road at 11th & Layton apparently
Rita Ora would be so much better if she made songs Lana Del Rey style. She's so pretty but makes shit music
thx for the follow!
Please go send your love to - he's not feeling up to par today!
Lol just passed by.
Haha can you send me a pic of the green paper? I lost it.!
Please 4 more followers!
like women who have tats
#paleo snacks on the beach! I love my beef jerky!
It's a blizzard! Glad I got home ok.. . . . whew! The weather folks were right :-)
companies with individuals.
Well put my application in today now begins the waiting game.....
Woke up to I Love This Bar this morning. Made me think of #HonkyTonkFriday!
Thinking about Wacom Bamboo Capture as a digital sketchpad for my Win 7 machine. Any rec. for or against?
I definately wouldn't leave for anybody. I love them too much :) <3
No homework? Gotta luv NECAPs I rather take those and have no hw. Come home and blast da tunes wit tumblr :p
let me kno when...
Go with Johnny & the Moondogs : If I call Friendster "The Quarrymen of social media" will listeners know what I'm talking about?
Join us on the red carpet 6/1-5 @ Gold Coast International Film Festival. sponsorships still available. Reach me @
So 's "Quiet Rye-It." Best beer name ever? Or best beer name ever? Citra Ass Down is a close second.
occupy small businesses today
i feel like there's a hierarchy when there are multiple presenters
You are your brand. Respect it & Represent it hard!
um, Miss Janet can rest as well. Hahaha
boofuckinghoo there are protesters. shut the fuck up and take it like a man.
Open the door to a host of new telecom services to sell to your customers.. Globalnet Telecoms new Channel Partner Deal..100% OF THE PROFIT!
Just got the heavybag all setup! So EXCITED to start boxing again! If u have never tried it before it's the best, ENTERTAINING cardio ever!
Hello just got home going to try and do as many more #FF I can
open-source. could it build the world that ought to be? I don't know, but might
Confidence can take you a long way
I can't get Mr. saxso beat out of my head
yea they are. They're gay
