There will be no "mic check" for the !
LeBron's height/stride a) makes him actually faster; b) makes him look slower. So Greeny's friend is off base.
Just got your book! I'm very excited to dig in (it is my newly designated shul reading).
looks great. i like the fast pace in it! Do you have any extra equip and which lenses? :)
miss you!!
Nice here in Rio!
(: Only 6 days away!! RT : Is it April 11th yet? I'm in some dire need of some
haha like I might because it's just so good, was so devastated when it went off the air, theres nothing else like it !
Have these #catalogingcoup folks not heard of DCRM, DACS, etc? There are loads of content standards, all over OCLC - waiting to bite you!
Abbotts pumpkin flavor is amazing!!
Knicks Lose. Lin takes 18 shots. Too many shots. Too many turnovers.
Theres no peanut butter.
how nice! I'm doin some work from home..always looking for new opportunities!
Clarence Hardy, caretaker of Bed-Stuy's historic Slave Theater says he had the city's permission to be on the property for an inspection...
I can see Rick Majerus sitting in his recliner with a bucket of KFC in some whitey tighties (no shirt) cheering for his boy Andre Miller.
make that 3 nights in a row,
in sociology with inman an one of the dykes boys!
What a beautiful commencement yesterday, even in the rain! Congratulations to all.
i just know all this stuff bryan is saying is a lie, he's going to the concert with sammy ! lol she wouldnt take anyone
Shumpert torn ACL is a shame. Great defensive young player.
Trying to make animations in PowerPoint. Whee
I've dodged the "like every other word" bullet. The "American Girl dolls" bullet... that's another story.
Getting ready for LYC!!
uhmmm no im not sure you might explode your ovaries ... but its all good
Stop by the FFL tonight at 630 for a session presented by Crouse Hospital on the Latest on Uterine Cancer: What You Need to Know
I do miss Fontenot, it's true.
btw, I co-created HIWI campaign, so love to get the word (and book) out.
Hurry, Buy one tour and bring your best friend for free! Tours start at $495 (£300) for two people! Offer ends March 25th.
I WOULD SUGGEST ARIA. THAT MUHFUGGA SLICK
Yes Mr. President, we ARE saying " Drill here, drill now."
Why is it so wet in Great Britain?Because of all the kings and queens that reigned (rained) there.
On the road to STL for Arch Madness!
Happy Valentines Day, MFP family!
Awhhhh :) you're so sweet!
Now You're just somebody that I used to Know. SOMEBODY!!!!
Our competitor has free shipping on orders of $75 or more. That's almost as good as our deal: Free Shipping on $0 or more.
now if only you'd shower
LET'S DO IT!!!!!! (In Joe's voice from Family Guy)
And now goodnight.
ok, it was entertaining to twat with you, im back to facebook now lol.
To get women to watch the new Snow White movie they made the witch smoking hot and snow white be a non sexually threatening Kristen Stewart
My girlfriend just thinks its ok to take another guy to the movies. Idgaf how long you have been friends with him!! -__- Not ok......
Same story in my neighborhood. WTF?
Alice In Chains for days.
I'm really fucking salty about yesterday
where the party at, and we can jus chill for a few
Someone hacked my twitter acct so if you've received something crazy it wasn't me. And no I didn't do a Wiener!
RT : You know you're doing it wrong when you're up before Starbucks opens...
i can see that! thanks for sending the sun as well though as part of your gift package... it is muchly appreciated!
i honestly follow alot of people for a lively feed all day everyday
BREAKING RT : Yes, the news is out. I will replace Mike D'Antoni as head coach of the New York Knicks.
Took a few steps backward..
We'll still take it! haha.
You are so welcome!! Thank you for your masterful insight!!
that is a typical buford against quality teams....kentucky game again..choker
steve harvey..
Gonna go tanning before the weather drastically changes. ☀
Would be nice if we could get a break for once and get on warped tour again.
this brownie is saying "EAT ME" lol
When someone tries too hard to be funny <<<<< smh stop lol
Check out for sports. It's a great bar to watch the games at and it has keg table service and great beer on tap.
"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results” Winston Churchill >> via
shits dope G I actually heard of homies before
and a cardboard submarine.
Think Outside the Box so you can Compete Outside the Box! --Dr Eric Romero
can I please have your babies?
Awesome torture.
Just got my hair down nd lookin fly....Da True 1 Mrs.oliver
Thanks Sinn for all of the fantastic 'old school' pictures of michael jackson. they were great.
when your musics blasting and a headphone falls out of your ear and that moment of reality feels so weird ...
but i see that your Douglas quotes are in relation to Haiti, and not #Occupy... i dont know much abt his relation to Haiti
Former Baltimore Raven has been a past guest speaker!
FINALLY got my hair cut....I've been meaning to for six months, but with my 3 year old & working from home it's tough to get to the salon!
It's not really about putting in or getting out any more. It's really more like who shows up... No-shows just won't cut it.
Becky's British voice!!
Literally was just submerged in corn kernels with
Our girl is #CommercialFree and has a pr of SOLDOUT Flo+TheMachine tix this hour!
Is 9:30 AM to early to eat my lunch?
doesn't my body know that i don't have time for sickness?
Only thinking about one thing....
lol at work with these kids!
this one goes out to those who blocked me on AIM in 8th grade
Buy on the rumor; sell on the news. - Proverb
- Amen! "I have Chanel taste on a Wet N Wild budget."
there is something I dislike about DMarshall and I don't know what it is. Walton was great
Look at me now :)
nah fam i just left, thats why i had hit you up to do a track but you aint hit me !
Happy First Day of Spring! Despite the 41 degree temperature currently. What big plans do YOU have this spring?
hi, i don't think i'm the right person, since I have no idea what you are referring to, haha. sorry!
the street names of drugs are just getting weirder and weirder..
Uhg Boss Bitch is just the best fucking song ever ~~~~~
how about anything on syfy.
I WILL PUNCH YOU IN THE OPTIMISM RT : I read that as Hooray! I got a page!
welcome to twitter world!
Thanks, as always, for the RT!
Damn CP3 ftw
Just drink & smoke, wanna float, unwind. ✌
I refuse to leave you alone. Their is no turning back now. I'm in it until its over...
I knew she was wearing that hood for Trayvon
kahne points out educators can both constrain *and* enhance ppl's ability to take full advantage of participatory democracy.
this celery must be very tough. he's chewing like a cow.
Couldn't agree more. RT : RT : Project manager is a must for app development
That test just took me 20mins... Don't know If this is a good or a bad thing #finalsweek #geography?
Huh guessing I should of done some of my homework...but nah
my thoughts exactly.
I know, the struggle is real smh
they'd make one hell of a ticket together
Shout out to new follower, Have a great day!
talent agent princess turned into major fitness gal!! Follow me I tweet swim, gym, and some soap talk ;)
#dinosaurs “: '01 Red Sox have to be in consideration for the Carl Everett factor alone”
P.F. Chang's for dinner.
At lake with amber brown.
But not of truffula trees. // We're having humming-fish for dinner tonight.
Mortgage rates are still at their lowest, it's time to buy.
It's not mine, it's ours.
Or are your customer service tweets as much bullish*t as your service is? DM me if you're going to do something if not, I'll publish.
“: Lol aww reminds me of Jon so much haha! xD im so excited for what he has planned!:')” me too! :)
Last show of Vatzlav.
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
Something is wrong with me
If we let children learn at their own pace, it turns the entire learning environment upside down.
i feel like everyone is now tweeting to Jack so i'm def gonna tweet to ....... yeahp i'm going out of the box guys
On principle, I refuse to dress for breakfast. But relieved not to bump into Ed Falco this morning at the Saxon Inn in my pajamas.
Great story on the Moss Vikings tweet...that's what made me sign up today. Love your work, go Pats!
Ozil is class
if i guy killed him self over anyone i wudnt no wat to do
Finally done cleaning my room!
going to visit a ms this morning congratulating students 4 improved test scores - great stuff
FOLLOW FOLLOW
Best wishes to MP, BM and IR!
Jesus might not appreciate such a rude comment made in his name because the Shepard loves all his sheep even the lost ones.
Investigators were going in, out of house, according to web reporter
Welcome To Twitter Mrs. Colbert!!
Thank you for everything! You are the BEST! Appreciate it and hope to see you in person sometime soon!
Ugh somehow we don't have on demand right now and I need to catch up on a week of missed shows!
I have class til 7...what time will you be around??
that is AWFUL....best wishes for him and you.... so sorry!
I love coffee too
Happy Mothers' Day !
I did awful today..
Consume AND Contribute - Social
I happy we didn't get Cahill, you really think he's worth 17 million? They say that Chelsea double Mata's wages.
The number of plastic storage boxes in this one ShopKo is freaking me out.
I really do love you......I will never stop supporting you<3
Currently uploading them to youtube.
that'd be amazing! You hit up surfside 7 for some pizza?
Friday in the Center is reggae music day (sometimes to the dismay of my co-workers).
I have such bad baby anxiety. :(
I 2nd that!
If I gotta act like a bitch , towards some then oh well ...
Just review Obama's new jobs plan. Is this guy for real??? Makes no sense at all as usual. More money to bailout housing market. Ridiculous
PickUpLine: I wonder what our children will look like.
Reading about Baltimore seamstress labor organizing/strikes in the 1830s...man, same fight, different day.
happy birthday
: The epic nature of my impending weekend is not to be underestimated. Friend in from CA on Fri, F+F Sat, Brewfest Sat. Whoa.
Dangit! I'm in NJ.. :-) <3 Have fun in the sun hun!
Thanks to everyone who made it to our 7th anniversary. See you Dec. 4th when we host Jillian Lauren, Melissa Chadburn, and 2 poets TBA.
We live in a generation of not being in love
wish I could sing for you now. Physically it wouldn't be impossible to reach everyone at once but very unlikely as I've come to understand.
Fact: I love seeing my friends shit faced
April Fools day = -___- for me
Because of I actually listen and really understand what people say in there music instead of just bobbing my head.
thanks for your tweet. I'm writing an article on the Texas Medical Futility Act.
Why suspended? He was always clean. Others won appeals, you'd never had known about Braun's if ESPN hadn't published a leak.
I like your sister, I like your aunt louise I like your doggy, hey I even like his fleas!
#FridayFightAgainst Cancer! my dad is going on four years cancer free! <3
love that etsy calendar! Good find. Also, great job on your new website layout. Looks great!
how can i get work or school to pay for me to go to the festival?
why did you call me at 3:11 when i was passed out? lol
what happened?
Today my 4 years old student Yara told me that she loves me right after her lesson. So cute! :)
Leadership is not a title - it's a behavior and anyone can exhibit it. Susan Scott
She was in mr.longs class
lol. you said that last time. cmon, i know you can put me on the invitee list.
That's awesome ! Congrats! Haven't ran in a few wks, giving my knees a rest...
The videos over on Obsidian Portal.
So we have plenty of gas? Then what are we doing here?
hahaha...then i'll go up with my bandana and be
YEA I PUT A ICE PACK ON IT OVER NITE IT WENT DOWN A LIL BIT
Student: how will future course planner impact class sizes
I hope you won't be exceeding your
he's handsome & her dress is beautiful!
I hear that!
I think I should rest a little. I am a tad tired
I wish people could see what I see!! If only... SMH
Shopping around for a recording studio? Feel free to swing by to see the place and meet the team!
I just want the weather to be nice enough to drink outside without feeling like a homeless person or poor decision maker.
Shits about to get crazy
Good luck :)
Realized the Seder had devolved into pure drunkenness at the deep textual discussion not of the Torah but of "The Horse with No Name."
Ahh! Hoorhay and his daughter that just sang on #AGT were on a while ago weren't they?
I love that movie^^ I have all of them.
Whatever will be will be.. :)
yes! Paul Verhooven baby
u really should bro
LT SHE IN MY TOP 3
it wasn't that bad. :p it was like waking up in the morning. I was tired and groggy but that was it.
I don't see the point in twitter !
I told that bitch i was gona support my wife and kids and pay child support by working at taco time!!!! xD
Your welcome!
not sure. It's between 45th and 40th. Perhaps the road work there? Counted 9 cops in 5 blocks, no joke.
cross hatch! I can teach you, Merrell taught me when she got back from Senegal
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so?
I hate being lead on, HATE it
Anyone in Chicago with cable mind if we come over and watch breaking bad tonight?
Confession8: i love a ggirl that keeps a smile on her face
LONG LONG DAY
"In France we'd be intellectuals, but here we're just dorks."
"Artist of the Beautiful" -- one of the rare times when Hawthorne strikes me as self-indulgent in a "major" tale.
The FUTURES of #westbaltimore and our city are in our hands. Rock the Vote Bmore!
your very pretty!
"There is nothing wrong with being afraid---but there is nothing more wrong than allowing that to be your master." ~Bobby Darin
Sac Kings looking for 17th win and loses against 76ers by 22 points.
I appreciate it...how are you?
Love. ": A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness. - "
Q6) stagflation of the mind...open your heart and your mind.
As a parent of a child w/disability, my goal to help kids be more tolerant of differences. The good news is - people are talking.
I have no idea.. At least they aren't completely gone
food for the ego & supermarket of expired small talk.
I Sing and Write About What I Want And People All Over The World Are Giving Me Positive Feed Back
Tonight at 11 you can come see the new and improved them. on the main stage You'd be insane to miss it.
Happy anniversary to my friends !! One of my favorite places in Chicago.
someone asked me why im so tied up to my last x...im really not idgf bout him i find the previous one funnier to bash since hes a tool
Girl sitting across from me on the phone sounds like she's talking straight into my headphones... it's actually making my music sound better
That piercing felt like nothing but pulling.
what's wrong
The Notebook > The Vow.
Happy Holi day , Have a Nice Day
Dr. Christine Borgman describes (Online Computer Library Center) as "The Great Network in The Sky" pretty catchy ha ha
Really?! He must be GORGEOUS!
Noodles and company
We love Summer Camp Brochure cover design! Also, there are few who are as great to collaborate with than him. :)
Whenever I come across a biz still rockin' the gmail, Yahoo! or aol email, I think, "hmm... kinda ghettoish." Does that make me a snob?
haha. i miss those larger-than-life photos in 30 rock elevators. :-)
remember u told me 'bout the Janoskians on youtube? Just watched some of their vids, funny stuff!
I'm poor and lame. I have one of those little bags tied to a stick but it's too heavy for my shoulders so I just drag it around.
I'm going to prom with Robby Smith c: Yay.
via Improve Your Garden With Used Coffee Grounds :: CoffeeNate is a video coffee blog that teaches about coffee 5 minutes … …
-- For keeper ... I'd probably want J-Charles.
awe thank you (:
Still confused with what the hell I was watching during her performance.
yes chica! Every Thursday 8pm Central. Join! Best Twitter chats are #latism chats ... More like fiestas with knowledge.
That's admirable: “: So this is what Klout thinks about me "Klout believes Geri Druckman is influential about cauliflower."
35 new HCG diet plans signed up today! @ TrimBody M.D. Las Vegas Pool season is here!!!!!!!
Good stuff! Congrats.
So, how's the field at #livestrongsportingpark? Gonna weather the season a bit better?
.. Lets Blow Ah L Bruh!
that's my usual neck of the woods!
congrats on the Kickstarter dudes, can't wait for that shit!
looks like we have writing and legal in common! Thanks for following!
Author of Arizona immigration law defends it in Senate hearing
I have always liked confidence, the belief you can do it, I never liked EGO the belief you are the only one that can do it! ~Stacey Chatman~
"Trust and reputation are earned. Respect isn't earned or forced. Respect is something you give people until they don't deserve it anymore"
persiatance is key, any one who knows me know i dont give up easy!
": Detroit Lions Rookie Johnny Culbreath Arrested On Marijuana Possession" It was just a little team hazing activity
nice fundementals cubs.
...it's humbling to realize that only just recently we have sorted out such a major "detail" of the Universe around us...& makes you wonder!
Um, yes, this is a GREAT decision!
so do you think Alex is Sexy! (;
Why does hollywood life have a One Direction tab? NO. Only sugarscape can have one.
Each of us, bedtime, come up with imagine an ideal life.
Courtney love murdered Kurt Cobain
Trekking to Kemah for the 3rd night of gigs in a row! Come party!
are you coming to the show?!
A student yesterday after being asked an essential question, "I like this. Thinking is hard work."
Oh no...I'm going to be home for Thanksgiving, but only for a few days! We've still got weeks of holiday fun to spend together! YAY
Most fruits are now considerably larger and sweeter, and most vegetables are more tender
According to this Lifetime movie, one of the awful consequences of sexting is not wanting to go to field hockey practice.
AG Holder: The bench is stronger if it's more diverse.
Watching an episode of Gossip Girl. Then I guess I'm gonna head to school.
Think of ideas that excite both of you. Find outlets for the ones you can't shut up in your brain. Live a little.
Fingerpainting in high-school.
Sorry, Robin, I missed this! Don't know much (read: anything) about it but looks like a good line-up. xx
Is it naptime yet?
Flying to one of my favorite cities, Toronto later today. Concert at the #Glen Gould Studio on Friday. Who's coming?
love you
My mind is reeling in consideration of the C exploit posted this morning
T-minus 10 until my dog is furious at me for waking him up to vacate the bed and go back downstairs. Why does mom go out late?
Getting some reading done on the 13th floor of Ed Sci. Beautiful views up here!
Okay yeah now he is going for 6 months but he is living his dream and this is all for US. Do NOT stop his from is dream. Be happy fo him.
9-year old walks around the house picking out "Where Is My Mind?" on guitar, because of "Rocksmith". What? No, just got something in my eye.
oh ok here anything else
oh no! Sorry to hear that. 
The taxi with ‘Abdu'l-Bahá and Mrs. True is on the bridge over the North Shore Channel. ‘Abdu'l-Bahá consoles her.
Can I get a follow?
# #UKnowUHungryWhen you all you did was search for free food samples.
OK... Whew....I was BOUT TO SAY. lmao
Who is running the Brooklyn Half this weekend?
Civil rights leader Shuttlesworth dies Truck driver became pastor of Bethel Baptist Church in Birmingham
Ever hear of "corpacracy" - its when big business is more like a governmental bureaucracy. Go Small Business!!
I'm gonna have my team check it out and if it's somethin there someone will holla back
"Buying is emotion backed by logic" Roland Nairnsey of
Italian chicken...Babe did the damn thing tonight! Wish u were don't u???
LOL. Rosie's hair.
THEY LOVE YOU AND NOW I LOVE YOU TOO. finally someone who appreciates them lol!
you in Indy? Find me I live on the near eastside. Murder everyday
Hey, very true! Can I ask you about grad school at Columbia tomorrow by the way?
Ugh my people wanted to go to Florida this weekend, but I can't because I have choir pop show and banquet!
Wow, this tweetchat is #NUTS. lol
iDKK )): Wa . i spent over 900 dollars today ...
Fellas do homework on ur woman
Me too! “: This Boilermaker wishes IU good luck tonight.”
That white stuff outside is GAY!
#Artists you should be following
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, see you there.
In Germany, visiting the fambam. <3
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND THE VIDEOS
I'm super sleepy! I just wanna get home & take a nap.
if she does that I doubt you'll have a face left...
not down with pain therapy today? How about a little retail therapy? We have so much body jewelry, I know we have something just for you!!
I hope of a group of people sit around in a room and talk about the tragic events in my life.
RT Bobs cool
Exciting day today, demo'd our Text-to-Speech IVR solution for today to our friends at !
Thanks! Glad you like the mag
awesome dude! Can't wait to have you in SF.
how does jagoff of cbssports call Bubba most creative shotmaker ever while Michelson is group behind & Woods finished..??
really smells like a 
hell yeah girl.I told you he was going
I was in a writers group for years - VERY helpful! But I moved and haven't found another group yet. Maybe it's time to look.
"Health is not simply the absence of disease, but the presence of a state of well-being." ~World Health Organization
Name the movie this quote comes from: "You're right, Teddy. The ace didn't help me. I flopped the nut straight."
iight well live ur life. I wish nothing but the best fir u
Yes, great focal point at the top of the hill!
...but then I log on to the internet and people who don't GIVE a shit act like they have something riding on it for Madden, or Call of Duty.
doing it today. looking for brewing software to help. but maybe i'll just get on with it. ;)
If I get anything acomplished on this post-Kelly Clarkson morning, it will be thanks to the Uptown Center Starbucks . I owe you.
": #Gemini seem to get the flu more than others."
Thanks Kyle, great to finally meet you as well. Cheers!
I was descent. Alot like you played 3 sports so didn't get rolling until the spring break tourneys but did throw a no no my Sr yr
I usually see #LakerNation Lakers this Lakers that ALL in my TL WHERE y'all at??? Niggas this ain't church speak tf up!!!!
I imagine the #JerseyShore house smells like sex, sweat, cologne and old Chinese food.
Just because you give it an insulting name, doesn't mean it's a bad plan. Address substance. Or you're just
I'm still in awe from my close encounter with Devils Tower today.
Monitoring on social platforms. one of my favorite subjects!
tired from running stairs at the imax
the weirdos def come out. I worked a few of those late nights while I was at
Football Game tonight!! LETS GO TITANS!
Nice! I got Sam from Linger. Must be the dog-lover in me. ;)
I LOVE THE NEW SONG
by : Big mistake by the Celtics to not re-sign Leon Powe.
U know how u get bit by a Mosquito when u satistfy that itch that shyt feel so Good. That's on the Real
GUYS GUYS GUYS IS NEXT!
ok.ill come get you
#nw Twilight Zone from 1963 on SyFy. Dennis Hopper is in it.
this might be a "red sky at morning" type of day... taking my umbrella.
DITCH SCHOOL! Its the year of YOLO gurrl
Miami has a alot of people and singers that could sign austin this could be one of the best things for him.I can't wait to see what happens.
yes some, others are finding out slowly... Lol
Good riddance, though. Its about time I quit that hellhole!
YAY!! I miss you. Tallen and dad are coming too. :) She will be excited to see you. Oh I have your Christmas present. :D
Just signed the acceptance letter at MAXIMUS!!! I am now a permanent employee!!
Smoking Med Smoking loud at da SaMe DAMN tImE......at da SaMe dAmn TiMe, at Da sAmE DaMn TimE!!!!!!!
did ur classmates sing along
USA: Next match Sept. 2 vs. Costa Rica
Aw, that's too bad. I think she'd be great on the show. Who else is in the pipeline?
Our Washington state legislators are still in session? Really guys? Doesn't this cost money we don't have?
lol. You welcome! Tell indieWIRE they better let you write as often as you want cuz you are VERY Latina and Gorgeous! LOL
I hate when people look good on thier AVI but you go threw they pictures and they fat af lol
yummy! what'd you have?
ur a star thanks
It's funny, 'cause I debated on calling it "Battlshit" too
": I wanna spell my sons name different but I don't know how.."/wats OUR sons name?
Its like, I can resist anyone but this one guy... which is unfortunate... because he really fucking sucks. Haha. Fuck.
yeah.. it was prompted by him posting something mundane on facebook.
that was hilarious. Cocky in the toilet!
Yoda is known for saying "The force is strong in this one"....I need Yoda to be saying "The face is strong on this one."
Reading a great book #immortalityedge. Check it out if you want to live longer healthier life!!
www.cultuschichi.us :)
Need another reason to put April 28 on your calendar? Jack Robie () will be bringing their fantastic shirts to !
“: Milwaukee is the armpit of Wisconsin!”<--- That is the DUMBEST thing I've ever heard.
Wanted to go to bed, but now The Dark Knight is on. Damn.
The mega game of Apples to Apples with TheWife's family: 14 players, 3 spectators, 1 sleeping toddler and 2 dogs.
Only three days of classes this week and birthday party on Wednesday. Should be an interesting week!
thanks bro
Alright going to bed it is 12:54 a.m. where I am
Thanks! RT : #FF tweets we enjoy reading:
due to the weather reports tomorrow is looking like the only pool day this weekend so make your reservations now for wet republic fridays!
Yeah, esp. if that person is a parent (spoken from personal experience). Welcome to black sheep-dom. ;-)
We have a verbally accepted offer on our house in MI. Here we come Wisconsin!!!
Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake! 🎂
Heading to Rancho Bernardo winery w/ the fam for Mothers Day. All wearing the swag and seeing lots of NF signs on the way!
I can only post here that i'm going to South Carolina in 2 weeks to surprise my brother! He can't know! Ahh i'm excited!! haha
Actually had a good night at tumbling.
lmfao that's a great song
American horror story >
is working on new chandelier earrings. They are sure to make a statement!
"Like" this post if you are going to call 303-800-0535 on Thursday with your donation!
thank you the congrats. Much appreciated!
Hi Trevor, Thank you for linking to our business license services page back in April, follow us to get more industry info
Nothing on tv, back to my horror movies on my phone...
Way overdue for a #date! #patience is a virtue
Women Just Be Yourself, and Act like a Lady
Get an Oly Tall Boy and a shot of whiskey for $3.50 every night after 7pm.
Getting ready for cheer comp. Today! Woo hoo!:D
YEA IMMA WORK U IN. MAYBE THE SAME NIGHT I GET
Just saw the Michael Kors S/S'12 ad, the male model is as orange as Kors himself
": big shout outs to everyone listening to world music so I don't have to" I don't think those people can hear you.
You also influenced Anna Wheeler! She co-wrote "Appeal of One Half the Human Race" with William Thompson.
ok thanks
Wonderful and Congratulations!!!! <3
Jack Jr!
Thnx 4 following. Looking forward 2 more tweets from u. AgooBiz has RE users. Build a free MicroSite 2 reach more prospects!
Not only is jealously is an act of greed, it's also being insecure in oneself.
tomorrow do you recut drop to "they're going home, they're going home"? Best morning radio in NYC..
Hey guys! <3
#Sunday “: Jonas said to Jelani, "Your name is Jelani, not Google. Stop acting like u know everything." LOL!”
i give up !
the phishing scam link you just tweeted doesn't work.
RT The man who starts out simply with the idea of getting rich won't succeed, you must have a larger ambition in life.
Learning about ebook format standards in class
Wiz Khalifa getting married to Amber Rose = bring munchies to the after party!
Happy Friday everyone! Don't worry if you missed our food truck this week, you know where you can always find good BBQ! Hope to see you soon
Hey John how is it going?
And then, of course, there's the big (so far) unasked question for Obama: Did you ever really oppose #SSM or was this just political?
Hey, DM me your, Hose's, and J Eyster's email if you have them for when I send out Body Count 2: The Reckoning.
I'm about to bhe on twitter all day
I always get nervous when I come to a four way flashing red light.. I #pray that the retards around me know how to maneuver throughout it...
my light was on!!
Who else is watching "Coming To America" on TBS?..
I'm good to go till after the Indy Car race, I'll sleep during the Cup race
Free PHOTO SHOOTS........TODAY @ 12pm-2pm......If your a model in Atlanta hit me back if your interested
Breaking news Frank Saldana changes his twitter handle to you heard it first..here!!
did something happen when I wasn't there?
lost Peyton as my starting QB, do I play Kerry Collins, Mcnabb or Colt Mccoy this week?
jay gruden for head coach lol
People are like songs, everyone has their own beat, but some are stolen & try to act like other songs.
Being awesome at starting IVs! My patients love me.
LAX sucks
Thanks! I'm glad to be back!!! I can't wait for you to read the book. I believe you will enjoy it. Thanks for the support!!!
Can't wait to stay in your new digs this summer! Congrats again.
First jack&coke ordered in honor of
about $3 or so ... sorry couldn't resist
Excited to be heading to tomorrow to play a free noon time show outside the Student Union.
watching the first X factor in America... Pretty good so far
whats up bro
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself." - Albert Einstein
Tired a'f !
Was MARRIED
I think that might have been you?!? Just remember "no salt"!
there's apparently something where disney is offering the chance to be frozen in carbonite. we need to do this.
2012 Annual Meeting concludes, with thanks to Haskins Prize Lecturer Joyce Appleby, NEH Chairman Jim Leach, panelists & attendees.
two exciting things left for summer... Jersey shore and... BAND CAMP. lol
National Day of Prayer everyone!!! Take some real time today to pray.
how is that Barts fault that Zach has no line and no WR's to throw to? Wisconsin bound way better than Cal last time I looked
I'm so bored it's ridiculous 
"Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me, maybe?"
hey i was there too :-p
having pizza for dinner
Leisure, art, consumption, deeply gendered resonances leisured women consuming art, women dabbling in art as leisure
I know... We can be Twitter Twins!! (= So what movie??
Also, if it's Jeff Suppan again Our Hero will not be pleased.
love in the time of melancholera.
November! Not sure on a day yet. Should know in the next month!
was up was up
It was great seeing you and Lily last night! Thanks for following us!
Big thanks to for the shoutout on for our May 26th event!
Sometimes i wish i could die . Everyones giving me so many reasons to , and sometimes dieing sounds so peaceful . No drama or bullshit and
thinks you are two HOT cookies
your shit is weak! I can't associate with wanted criminals
Bonny says she didn't poop yet
New Twitter Background
Find out what you each like and then do more of it
Hey! It is National Library Week! What's going on at your library?
Love a big post run breakfast every Sunday. It's the little things. 10 miles in the Cleveland MetroPark.
Agreed! Happy to connect!
No!!! Dont do it!!! RT : bern? I think you have had too much beer!!! I'm cutting you off now, no more!!
what do you think of schedule big guy?
Hey Jeremy, thanks for the follow. Love your Tumblr, i'll b sure to follow it. I see your from AUS, whereabouts?
Had a dream this morning that I went to temple with Natalie Portman.
Hey! You guys should definitely come to Florida some time!
Leaving for Silver Strings practice in about twenty minutes!
New hours of operation! Sun-Thurs 11am-12am and Fri-Sat 11am-1am! Come hang out with us for reverse happy hour starting at 10pm!
Not ina million years did I think it would be our O that lost it today. Hats off to Aaron & DD though. & thanks to the rest for great season
Grounded for my C in math. So dont tweet or Fb me. Laterr
He gives you but because He is who He said He is. Period. He's not Santa Claus He's sovereign, address ur life as such.
RT : If you're planning to #studyabroad this Spring what is ONE thing you want to try in your host country?
smiling even. Love it
Stop in whenever. Unfortunately I don't deliver.
M-yeah... so jus kinda meant my torta was 'BOSS' an was tryin to shout the OTHER 'Rick' in BMF-kinda-way. --PS: Rozay dont fly DOMESTIC!--
my mom would kill me if i didn't go.. I would be in so much trouble
Loved the Billy Crystal intro piece!
Not sure there is room for us to sleep amidst all these boxes...
lmao i love it!
Our social strategy is to create spaces where students can apply, transfer and innovate.
how's london? And how was your flight? Love u and have lots of fun and drink a lot!! Lol!
niggas talk shit till they get lockjaw, everybody act tough till shit pop off..
Watching Twenty and feeling very nostalgic for my teen years and the impressions I acquired.
: Just joined the live tweet chat: Technology and Social Media in Emergency Management.
RT This 1 goes out to from #aam09. "Our director is going over to attack the artifact people...let's go this way.."
Merry Christmas?
That's good! :)
Is there an email we could contact you?
I love you bro <3 :D
It would be awesome PR for to set up ESPN during the reception at #mnclassics this evening.
you should have thrown Dobby at him
wait, maybe it's just a sign I'm becoming a Yankee; damn, I don't know what's worse
I hate havinglong legs I can never find a cute dress that dosent look like a shirt or shows my butt -.-
appreciate it!
Impressed with Mandriva Linux and video editing programs. Easier than I thought.
sometimes the best thing u can do is not think. not wonder. not obsess. just breathe & have faith that everything will work out for the best
Now people are fighting and arguing over modernization in soviet times.
The thing about success is that you'll never appreciate if it comes too easy!
Vote for tonight! There amazing! VOTE VOTE VOTE! I know I deff an!
UFC 129 tonight!! Starts at 6pm. Drink specials all night! Get here early! Great match-ups.
A happy two months with  (:
I think it's a universal thing...people don't wanna take responsibility for their own shortcomings
Somebody on FB just compared Obama's recreational pot smoking in college with Romney's high school gay terrorizing. o_O
UhO,I was the 1 who wrote her ethics essay on Twitter! MT Off2teach ethics class at Georgetown-my favorite topic in Twitter era.
I guess it depends on how it's booked. I could see Klesko and Nevin being like the Kevin Nash and and Scott Hall of the Padres.
and the Amish. so, you know, there are trade-offs. ;)
Yes! I was waiting for that ;-)
would love more info on the research project. Please send to ericmahollitz at gmail dot com.
Independence - give me a task, let me figure it out, provide coaching/ recognition but NO micro-mgmt pls!
“: "what's sex without love" "SEX. IT'S STILL. SEX" #goodluckchuck” watching the exact same right now. 🐧
looking for recommendations on Spanish speakers & experts in mobile tech for an upcoming #TechCamp -- @ me with ideas! Gracias.
loiter squad
getting ready to booth Good Day Oregon-- tune in from 7am to 9 am!
To all my fellow fiends at #Wasteland better do updates for us poor bastards who can't attend.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next 10. - BillG
I made my bed, and now I'll sleep in it.
DAMN STRAIGHT!!!! IT SHOULD'VE BEEN WAY BIGGER!!!
Every womans heart is an ocean of secrets!!
What up Bro It's Been Awhile how it going bro
Yep, (my mama), my godmother, & many a cousin are proud members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
Bitches Is Just Mad Because Im Beautiful . But Im Still Doing Me & Im In This World To Win It & Im Not Going No Where . GoodNight Bitcghes .
you are the man. We will be looking out for this video links. :)
Way to show your true character. NBA has nothing to do with Tebow. Stick with your steelers. They match your attitude
I've been away from twitter for some time now & I just wanted to thank everyone for the #FF's! Much appreciated!
Great spring break with the Reeders and my amazing family!
yeah i know haha ill prob record it incase i fall asleep and i figured u would that that
Are you high again?
knows now that I will die one of three ways, freak carnival accident, mercury poisoning, or strangled by red tape.
Like us, is hiring devs. If you're a badass in the LA area, . To join our family, .
that might depend on how you bounced them. Did you go from the beginning of the song to the end of the region of audio?
Just shook hands with Sir Howard Stringer in the Sony Club.
Good seeing ya there, enjoy your Sunday! RT : Church. Check.”
Just started using Basecamp from for some project management pieces. I wish we started using it sooner - it's great.
Thanks for the follow! I was "Like" number 104! -JO
OMFG I WAS LOOKING AT YOUR PICTURES (not like stalkering or anything) BUT IS THAT YOU IN LIKE THE RED DRESS???
I hope HBK doesn't get mad at me lol
take me with you!
glad to hear it.
Outpost for Contemporary Art will feature artist Eamon Ore-Giron's designs at T-shirt Revival Night, 7-10, June 11. Old shirts, new designs!
Thank you so much & I'm so happy U like my book. Your organzation sounds like it provides a wonderful service.
no worries :)
I have been listening to Slim Whitman. I had forgot how much I liked his voince and the song
my bad! Actually was sleeping trying fix my hrs
Working..slow today...need to rage tonight!
Thank you to for helping bring attention to the importance of fitness for families!
David, MandaS stayed place. BettyB was my NYC neighbor, I sing in S.F., y haven't we met yet? U know Linda Krauss 2?
Did your phone die?
feels like
i never argue, i just explain why im right.
Come to the Fayetteville-Manlius Student Art Reception tonight at 6pm to celebrate the artwork of our local students!
Sure - something close to Convention Center?
Marketing bottom line? Go inbound or go home. Brushing up on our SEO, Twitter, Facebook knowledge via Are you?...
They were talking about me in Hummingbird.
Welp, my hair is officially done. Thanks Mother Nature.
idk know you me!
Oh i never said you should. But I proposed the idea that the Chiefs like all of them. Its a perception thing
Man, Siri is cool.
I love unexpected freebies :)
Thanks man. Maybe we can collaborate on a project in the future.
Day 2 of IBS and we're having a great time! Stop by booth W3043 and say hello!
That's how we start it up in Denver!! Here we go #Nuggets 💛💙
I'm mad. Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
Go Dave!!!!! Best thing yet at the Grammys
Happy birthday
RT : It only takes one. one jump, one chance, one mistake, one perfect run. True on the track & in life. Tomorrow is one
Boy am I glad I live in Wisconsin and not Minnesota.
#thisjustin Shots Fired In Or Around A Mental Health Facility in Pittsburg. #HinesPsychWard ....oh, you wanted class.
HAHAHHAHA austin is singing Dave issues. omg,
Cute guys = douches.
I really want it to be summer.
who are you again?
i didnt do that.. its the other way around
We lost a great jazz pianist...Al Vega... pray for his friends, family and fans...
AH!!!! less than two weeks
LMFAO !!!!!!!!!!!!! I totally fucked up in that last tweet. Someone we dont.even know read it :(
But why dudes be so obsessed with feeling on butts in the club...stop it
I'll have to head north this summer and check out what's happening in my hometown. Thanks for the follow !
Brower Piano News: 1952 BALDWIN GRAND ART CASE
This one is for the boys with the boomer systemm, top down AC with the coooller system;)
Ok. I found a pump. Gonna chase her around. :)
Missed it, unfortunately! When is your next show?
:) thanks for sparing me
We offer the precise level of care that the family asks
You prefer Cole's over Philippe's?
guess what? today is National Hammock Day!!!
EDU-CIO Zen: What is work without absurdity, especially if your career is IT?
shout out!
For tweets like this, you are such The Man Brandon. Luckily, has let me in on the vision for It's so good man.
I agree with you!
good luck! :)
Tweet quality > Tweet quantity.
Taking APLU staff field trip to see space shuttle fly-by!
Unmeasured hostility.
MIND OVA MATTER
Got to be a bad ass secret service agent gun holster and all today
all I got is suggesting you order halal marshmallows.
We r hosting a broker event in Anaheim today from 10:30am - 12:30pm at 561 Melrose 4 our www.livecolonypark.com homes! Come by!
you totally should have won last night!!! Great job this season girl!
May Day: Occupy movement returns, but can it win converts?
Reflecting on the end of an era and came to this conclusion, I think I like Peyton Manning more than I like the Colts.
nf the gorgeous
Going out and letting off some steam
I'm not sure. Let me know what you think once you've watched it.
Yes, I understand. :) You should get more involved in riot grrrl in France.
#stuffedup Stupid sinuses. Is it sinuses or sini?
Because neoliberalism casts rational action as norm rather than ontology, social policy is the means by which the state produces subjects.WB
grading papers; getting a sinus headache
Yes RT : I would like a 10 point lead boys
rt your followers about a website promoting Hindu-Muslim Unity? dharmadeen.com/about
Okay, another night it is. And I'll have two pints for you!
AP The Associated Press RT BREAKING: Va. Tech: Police officer has been shot; potential 2nd victim reported at parking lot
RT if you love your German fans, :) <21 WE LOVE YOU!
Did you know? "If you put God first, He will never put you second" Don't be so busy that you don't have a quiet time to pray everyday.
vacation. It's summer and I'm not going away till July but some of my friends are gone already.
It's my birthday! If anyone has a chihuahua pup they wanna give me, I'm totally ok with it! Lol :D
what time would the crew play on Friday?
Apple is expected to unveil the new #iPad!! I can't wait to see. I'm sure it's worth the wait!
Hangin at the game for a bit before we go play some IM soccer! Let's go bulls!
Update: 34% open rate on email, 22% click through, 77 votes for charities, 78 tweets Rock the Vote!- Keep Spreading the Word!
Them: do you have alot of friends? Me: sheesh, friends? Tons! (thinking to myself, "on twitter")
we are launching NG Traveler there as well, quite soon!
I totally agree with you. It's about time they have a human being at the end of client service lines!
thank you!
How's everyone doing out there?! :)
#redsox back where they left off in September
Hate to go against D. Wright but Collins was right to pull him. Brewers would have retaliated (and rightly so BTW).
Tell your moms we say happy mother's day!!!!! And if you are a mom, happy mother's day!!
don't worry, I'll tweet it for you.
DJ Chris Brooks us rocking right now. Fantastic music! Great vibe!
mega millions jackpot now at record high, 500,000,000 dollars. which inevitably means a filthy rich 85 year old will win it.. Like Madonna
Thronton hits a three, but #Badgers still playing very aggressive D early, forcing tough looks, turnovers from
on our way! You'll have a happy table of 4 soon enough!
ain't no fun if the homies can't have none!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
hey Hanna :) we'd really like to send you our "Death Before Decaf" long sleeve shirt! Do you have the same address?
Michigan tomorrow. It's going to be a fabulous day.
isn't that the guy from teen wolf?
The author take is subjective! RT : History subjective Facts "interpreted" for meaning, for lessons.
Can't let everyone in your circle!!!
The secret of success is to develop one’s intuition with devotion, logic and ingeniousness... Fabio Taglioni
Arsenic and Lace tonight and tomorrow at 7:30pm, and Sunday at 2:00pm presented by The Shelby County Players,
Okay, stupid question! It's at Red Lemonade of course! (Long day).
and imma be there for every party wepa
Going to work while the sun is out makes me feel like I'm terribly late.
have a few ideas + some friends you should meet. see email.
To develop a good game plan in life, we need to be who we are, not how others perceive us, & not who society says we should be.
SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF TRIUMPH SHOUT UNTO GO WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE WE LIFT YOUR NAME UP!!!
says it's a 4-Star hotel since their renovation. Last time I stayed I found rotten tuna sammich under my bed. Should I believe?
I prefer the hopelessness of a George A. Romero global apocalypse to the glitter and perfect hair of Twilight vamps. ;)
Too many words? recommends Dimwit's Dictionary to help slash story/novel down to size.
Screaming rednecks to my right making game less enjoyable. Yelling "you're out" at the top of lungs for a routine ground ball is obnoxious
Green Bay Socialists win! There is justice.
I hear rumor that we can expect a really awesome coming out story today.
Good morning! Name of that hot air balloon is Aerodactyl and the pilot's name is Bruce. Did you see any other balloons?
collected 39 "pledgister" cards last night! #Obama2012 Go Bucks!
Well said, that's the truth! RT If your feelings get hurt easily..... find another profession.
“: We attract who we are. Our attitude towards everything is what we get back” <~~Real Talk!!!
listenin to #2chainz n he got me crakin up this n*cca is funny ! i m not gonna need twitter for a while lol
Had a blast working on a TriStar Productions Informercial for THE CAMI-SHAPER which will air NATIONALLY on Cable TV.
ITS PUBERTY.
if this were FB I'd like your Oprah tweet lol
Minor case of #Ingesanity (only 1 RbI this time)
1) Hit Brady. Get to him often 2) Jam the two TEs at the line. do not let them get a jump 3) ballcontrol
Holy shit, am I happy to be downtown.
One tree hill is exciting tonight!!!! :D #godanandkris!!! <3
Are the international kids all going to get smacked?
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY NEW BEST FRIENDS TODAY AT SCHOOL
Hoping for an iPad someday 
Saigon City in Springfield! (yes, I survived Springfield)
everyone knows the oldies are worth less points.. they're such a slow-moving target!
Irish Coffee and a Movie!
hey thanks for the follow im followig you back ....
Put 2 Million on St.Louis Under 8 you in Vegas double up then come to BK n Check me !!!
Jersey Shore is hilarious.
jimmy Shack is a contemporary artist working in Brooklyn. He's a graduate from the Ontario College of Art in Toronto
I feel like I'm always craving sour gummy worms.
Headed to Janelle and Chris's engagement party...first stop
of coarse you would laugh...
Thanks beer man.... Cheers! RT : Congrats on your first year, and cool shirts!
I smell like chlorine cause my momma used all the shampoo and coniditioner ):
Great idea! Wouldn't mind if it was celebrated for a week either, haha!
I say go for it. I do it all the time.
I wish my mommy can come get me !
no problem. Thank YOU!
hey cheeky. waszup
cause you a grown man you can't answer if a girl's booty is big or not??
Hope it's not a case of the Bobblehead Snatcher?
hey guys any good music venues we could hit up for tour near u guys?
had SO much fun filming our super bowl commercial. i'll post it later. so funny :P
i find my paradise when you look me in the eyes.
time to
All you need is
Just Googled that film w/Graham, btw - it's called Flash of Genius.
Always a privilege to witness some enlightened & intelligent discourse. Thanks ladies.
Are the Lakers done?
Hm, no one is at school at 7:00 in the morning...
"but what did it DO for the campaign, did it really tell ppl about famine, did they learn?" #dcswa social media audience
& i ain't too proud to tell ya that i cry sometimes, i cry sometimes about it.
I just went through and favorited a bunch of DJ's tweets,
SOMEONE CELEBRATE WITH ME.
Okay I'll text you!
Man its thunderin out side....this shit just scared me
#AskObama - Do you think Republicans will agree to the closing of some tax loopholes to generate revenue? If not, are we in trouble?
A little obsessed with Christina Perri's "A Thousand Years"
And to think he was watching Problem Child . . . that had to be fake laughs for sure lol
that's awesome! do it man!
No comment besides get me the fuck out of here.
is that code for day drinking? If so I love it I want in on this code language
Thanking you? What, was it in engrish?
how's the audio on it? Can you hear yourself talk and the fish splash etc. Does wind white out the sound quality?
finally home to San antonio didn't go to school today But damn it I complitlie forgot about my how toDo paper what your leaving
Recently saw a presentation by LOVE the work they're doing with high school students.
found my new favorite coffee place here in denver - gallop cafe, 32nd & zuni.
Not yet, but I'll get to it eventually.
thanks for the follow! Hope you have a wonderful weekend!!
This episode of #Simpsons >
Longest non extra inning game ever
I haven't been fortunate enough to see mango sushi played well yet. I hope the day will come
Best airline ever
I hear ya. nice to send kids outside to play for a bit. and I find that sunshine makes for a more cheerful momma.
It's Tuesday, one day closer to Friday, meaning one day closer to my week vacation. Omg, I need this.
CVS has an ExtraCare app which I find interesting since one particular store didn't want to scan my CardStar app.
you are probably right.
you're already in a match right now (joc-xg)
show day Tonight in Las Vegas DJ HERETIC & DAMIEN at Kings Room inside Rio.. FREE
Best lake swimming day of the summer. And yes I'm wearing a suit (see blog post). It is the middle of the afternoon after all.
Oh no! I hope things get better and I know you will be there in spirit :)
All the work you did to make my life feel like a vacation..
Tried to click on the link, but it didn't work.
Congrats to the on back to back Championship titles!!
When are you playing Denver?
Here I am twitterheads! The man behind the man. #WINNING! . good evening! whatcha up to?
Gonna go visit my old school homie.
Getting ready for this evening's portrait session- beautiful day for it! :D
are you tweeting live from church?
Tried for the first time tonight. Delicious, fresh flavors and wonderful ambiance. Thanks for the great night out. :)
My house still fucked up from last night
Im the type lf girl that my love cannot be bought although i do like to be spoiled from time to time
the pancakes are yummy!
the last thing i retweeted = you on Saturday; meanwhile today you're like lets drink the rest of that rube soon! ahahahh <3
You used to talk to me all the time.... Now we act like strangers..
Seriously, can't pick just one...
: Thanks, dude. Didn't see this reply in my feed...until the e-mail version came.
Congrats #1 Canadian Heroes! t.co/8hEj4Hr (fat thumbed last tweet)
Well thats god to hear :)
Happy Birthday to !!!!! Hope you have the best of days & another yr of happiness :)
But life goes on.
Bake with sweet potato instead of butter
Of course Josh Hamilton hits another Home Run...
Facebook unlinked my Twitter feed? Bad, Facebook, bad.
... while all of my closest friends out partyin', im just here making all the jewelry that they party in.
#SportingKC I don't care if it's early. OH, WE WANT THE CUP! (clap clap clap clap) GOTTA HAVE THAT CUP!
hell yea but next game is not gonna be easy
I want them to be all those things I could never be..I want them to aim high as hell and go for it..
Thinking about doing a giveaway on the Twitter account. Will be MMA related, since it's fight night! Be sure to follow !
I need hookah and hummus.
10 years wow how our world has changed since that day
is playing Lambek Calculus tutor today for lunch.
In a few moments I will be departing to a SECRET FAST FOOD location to purchase a Chalupa... aw, crap! I gave it away.
Ancient Chinese secret. “: . reports woman pleads guilty to selling...bath salts. Calgon is a crime?”
RT pretty decent kills and a well thought out story.
True dispassion is determined by your knowledge of higher values and consequent mental abstraction towards sense-objects.
FINAL:: CANES WIN. Miami 26, Maryland 20 True frosh QB Stephen Morris leads Canes to victory on game winning drive.
#Social46 should have had an open call. That would have reached so many more with a positive feel.
Addam: did you know dad has a bee nest? Marissa: ADDAM!!!! Me: bee nest, not penis!
if i pass the progression test tomorrow i can play so im working to pass that so i can go out and play.
thinking about starting a weekly artist spotlight for #chicago #artists. anyone interested in being #1?
great to meet you today, hope to see ya again very soon!
Did anyone else feel that earthquake this morning in the LA area?
I am trying to step my twitter game up, I will get better at it
#Fistball Lingo: "Luft Set" - When the setter places the ball in front of the attacker so that he can hit the ball directly out of the air.
Happy New Year 2012!!!
RT bonkers how many #Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce. Guerrilla marketing win for them again
WINNER #2 may come today
HOT JOB: Marketing Proj Mgr: w/Broadcast Experience: Balto premier ad agency seeking you to start ASAP:
well people find it intimidating LOL.
idea for improving accuracy: make it very public how many days it has been since a staff person has reviewed a piece of web content
Sad, right?
TGIF! What's everyone doing this weekend?
i got a jasmine v on tuenti way it is great
Thanks for Following! And Hope to see you on June 7!
I should have been born in 1950.
You two need to stop subtweeting each other & do something about it !
Its lonely in here.
So it was a shot of Imogen and Fiona and then Eli was randomly sitting behind them listening in on there conversation haha
I get the party pack tomorrow so I need to plan the gift bags and I'm not making more than I need.
as opposed to dwight howard who, you know, is can actually do something on defense besides giving forearm shivers
Pardon our dust. We will be closed for maintenance on July 1st and reopening on July 9th. Sorry for the inconvenience. See you on the 9th!
"I am a part of all that I have met." ~Alfred Lord Tennyson... May we all shake hands with someone who make a (+) difference in our lives...
the mean dude, the religious, and the gang banger are three types of inmates.
Why rush? Schools still gonna be there whenever I get there.
I'm so happy to be happy again.
In n Out would def make Colorado complete!
Headed to benefit tonight. Looking forward to an evening with #graphicnovelists and friends.
please skype me
This that bs
USA! No question.... Though I think UK photo is of their athletic wear and US is closing ceremonies...
I'm trying to be unforgettable
"If you can't do what you want, do what you can." Lois McMaster Bujold
I like to think of it as a mw2 $60 expansion pack. Lol There just isn't anything truly new about it.
your nipples look hard :)
Thanks, Chris.
I'm done hooking up with my ex..I seriously am getting nothing out of It..like seriously nothing
It's the same old tune, fiddle and guitar. Where do we take it from here? Find out Sat nite w/ Outlaws, Jackrabbit and us.
Happy birthday Sonia. #swag clubbing next week with her !
i had a dry ass muffin this morning
I wished I had a job already.
unless it's a maybach, those things are cush!!
Hospital?? What? Last I heard you were feeling sick, but hospital?
the heat won, the marlins are 8-1 in the last nine. the panthers actually made the playoffs.... and I'm a boston sports fan.
On my way out looking mega hot to meet hot boys at QBar!!! It's going to be an epic night.
my wife used to work with that "candidate." hilarity ensues. “: no way dude. That's 100% real.”
Good question. The guy hated paper money. Aside from being kind of a sociopath.
Alas, no ranch... some kind of sweet-ish sauce. Pretty sure it wasn't healthy, yet the cabbage makes me feel less guilt!
Well I guess I got my wish as its snowing in Boston ...
good chopping with yesterday. Looking forward to working with you. Rode home pumpin your album. Good work. Check them tracks man
Sperantsa team meeting! Got lots accomplished!
CCPE enters the world of tweeting!
Ah u r the best plz follow me.its kinda my dream
i am following more people then i have followers..i'm a stalker D: but i love you all :3
im watching my movie yet again ;)
I went 10 seconds.
^_^ happy holidays bunches!!!!
Dear Magnum Ice cream Chocolate bars, could you really have not come up with another name?
#foreveralone RT : Bo my brothers are asleep already. Now wth do i do! D:
New Providence Diversity Committee hosts talk at library
Tomorrow PRSA program on Acosta's Believe In Heroes for Wounded Warrior Project not to be missed. Got a sneak peek today. Go to NFPRSA.org
My first college radio show was devoted entirely to shoegaze/dreampop/soft fuzzy noise. Could talk abt it all day.
haha---it's scheduled for Thursday! Sorry!
what happens in Mexico involving my actions toward my shirt and or Mexican clowns stays at senior frogs.
I'm about to dip and get that Brazilian wax to get the hair off my back...lol!...cuz I'm a gangsta! "
Meeting up with one of the crew members, we making plans..
J O H A N N A books BOTTEGA VENETA!!
Called my brutha & first thing he said is we getting turnt when I step back in my city! Yumpppp
Going to give my dig a bath, clean the house, maybe go to the mall then work
My mama jst asked was I fina leave. She already know I ain't sleeping here tonight. I been here for 2 days straight now.
I'm at UW and neither of my "boys" are in town :( & maybe next time!
Available to work on Tues/Thurs & either Sat or Sun? Want a great discount? I need one more seasonal stock associate! Apply today!
Single doesn't mean lonely. Single means you are preparing for the arrival of a better love. <3
i need prople to follow me
I also like all of the new signings the team has made. Giants GM Jerry Reese is on top of his game this year.
love you to
The answer's in the smile, and I'm coming clean. Just give me something, stop pretending
Thank You for the #FF ... wonderful person. wonderful site. wonderful tweets. :0)
your actions speak louder than words.
How'd the night shift job end up? I think everyone in #educ5224 is curious...
Fantasy Factory !:)
The NYC show is close to selling out, according to Sam, and I still don't know anyone that's going. lol
Do you know any of the other fools I know running this race tomorrow? I'll likely try to find them pre-race.
lol #justchecking!! I'm actually rooting for yall this time...
they are there for help not to be hit with a 4x4, and yet that is what people do
Sometimes it sucks cause all u want is to get #noticed by so #SaySomethin i wish u make my #wishcometrue and followed me.. <3
Food Fact of the Day:1915 Absinthe is outlawed in France. Absinthe was a licorice/anise flavored liqueur that contained wormwood.
Did I not say we would win it in the 9th?
Thanks for satisfying camp! Too tired to tweet, discussions on crowdsourcing, Hydra, linked data, more
Yes, you're following.
Stay thirsty
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. -Roger Staubach
I'm feeling a little shit lately. Hoping reading through quite a few tweets helps my mood.
Hi! I'll be gone for the next week. Then I'll be in town on Monday and Tuesday, then back next Friday. We'll have to plan lol
Just watching in America - damn I want to visit Kentucky
True. It's our culture that sexualizes young girls, demonizes certain young boys, and rewards the wrong values.
A very Happy Mother's Day to all those who are blessed with the gift of children.
Good luck to everyone taking the SAT tomorrow & see you there if you're going to UNLV!
Our Strictly #Painting show has been a hit with selling over a handful of our works and from all of the lovely feedback! #Art # Gallery
No problem! Thank you!
RT : "Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." Have...
He is #Risen indeed.
try their website. it's probably on there somewhere
Agents, if you're looking to have a presence on the web look no further than and for your web needs!
Next, Dr. Spock's Baby Book and Hints from Heloise. (Even as I joke, I think I could write the pitches for good ones!)
In the lab again, man it's been a long 2 day vacation, i'm in my grinch mode, watch what i do
Ah perfect nap
it's bad your followers have bed times haha
love it!
love you bro. U here this week?
Happy 19th birthday, :D only 43 more days until the concert!
yea yesterday n when I called bck 2day sumbody was supposed 2 call me bck but nvr did
Just @ me RT : Shes a tease. Misleading me.
RT : Hoping for good crowd at tomorrow's #HITsm chat 12-1 EST. We'll be talking disruptive innovation, Facebook, startups + more!
my other twitter account:
Sketchers selling shoes on a 1 for 1 model, called bobs. I'm overwhelmed by the originality of it
can't waiiitt
fine I suppose
Staying focused and on task is a lot more challenging than it seems. But when seeing how much gets accomplished quicker...lesson is learned!
That's the way I am with facebook now. This girl asked my friend who was her favorite. I was like "WHAT?!"
Where in PA are you playing? Didn't see anything listed on your tour page
I find out at the end of the week if I made call backs for a feature!
[WATCH]: Nelly- Country Grammar w/ Lyrics - Quit Smoking Today 1
forreeaalll?! I just showed him your picture yesterday and he was pointing and talking to it! Haha
In a great way, yes.
Thanks to the man for opening me an the Fam eyes today an ev:-) eryday
Driving today!!! #superexcited :)
So it appears that the History Press & Arcadia have an agreement that they won't work with the same author for 2 yrs. NOW I find out! Ugh...
Thanks Sarah.... Haha!
#community #svu style! So great! Loving this show.
AZ Parents! Interested in Parent Trigger?E-mail Ryan at to learn how you can make a difference!
yes, my hometown = rad. RT in Denton, city council members have house shows.
Sitting at this rest area on I44 in Missouri sucks!!
RT Can you please please send my friend the Patriots Superfan to the big game??
That argument with your #Brain to behave and not be a
Thank you for sharing the performance with the rest of the world and me here in Austin, TX!! Next time I want to see it live!!
Do you like going to the movies? (: i do.
my friend thinks you have a boys name
Happy Mother's Day to all moms! :-)
I found out all of my friends were at the same place &same time, but just in different groups. Idk but that makes me sad. We're broken.
A new development is catching home buyers off guard as the spring sales season gets under way: Bidding wars are back.
We back. Got twitter back!!
: D nada just got done watching the lakers big loss lol you
I thought she knew that my world revolved around her
Lovely use of fabrics in the sitting room and bedroom.
Results of yesterday's CATscan: Hairline fractures on the pelvic bone. Appointment with bone doc on Wednesday! #F1 race this week.
So that's 3 text messages from people thinking im in bainbridge
Figure app from propellerhead is lots of fun and awesomely designed! No save feature though??
LOL! Ok. I'll just peek my head into rooms and yell "GRANT!!" hahahahaha
AK was like a trust fund kid when it came to golfing talent. Will we ever see the AK that beat Sergio at Valhalla?
Just a reminder: 3 shows left before we go into seclusion to put 110% into the album. Get to one of them! Check attempttofail.com for deets.
If a girl is standing there crying, you don't just stand there too. You hold her.
weed calms the mind
“: thx, likewise!” thanks guy!
Please say you went with the sequins.
Nothing you confess, would make me love you less #Jesus 🌟🙏❤
Are "broad" and "dame" still acceptable? I'm guessing "skirt" is out. Haha!
Thanks for circulating the Decay of Lying--this could be great for teaching!
On tweet limit! AGAIN
If you need help applying it, is a genius at it.
doing a few different tacos tonight along with a caldo de puerco to feed that winter blues soul!
make sure y'all check out #mke native made today
Kiss my fucking ass New York!
holla at a sister. Got work for
Phoenix Theatre audition this weekend and the final for my SEI requirement. And I still have a cold!
what do guys get for the girls who fuck with theyre's?
if I had yo love mic-o just came on on the iTunes and it's bangin
Tonight we're going to play some #Whitney! A 30 minute tribute to Whitney starts at 9:30 on The Lake. What should we play?
So true- Hatred destroys all our peace of mind. via
why?what did u eat that has sugar?
“: The #TeaParty needs to remember our government was founded on compromise.” TRUTH!!!
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Interior 73
Miss Whitworth Security Runs... :)
It's Martini Monday! Come into any location today and get 5$ specialty cocktails!
Watching source code with the bestie :)
“: I also have experience, in tennis, motorcycle riding, and volleyball... Where are the roles?” ( good point man ! )
omg can you PLEASE tell me the flight info for when the boys arrive in nyc tomorrow? please
I just couldn't sleep shit so I needed the next best thing
I need the #swagginwagon. I'm a single mom working full time and going to college. Still hard to make ends meet for me and my son.
you wont get it tho
I will definitely look at the site for ideas. Thanks for sharing!
“: This proves that just because a team is lower than you in the standings doesn't mean they can't beat you.” That's
MENS ET TENEBRAE: The nuts and bolts of getting help
lmaooooooo that made me laugh , you're too funny
Colin nailed it! I just got back. Godspeed!
Ilkk dirty bitches RT On average, women's public restrooms contain about twice as much bacteria than men's.
We have a responsibility to find, perform and complete our purposes.....
I also just finished painting a tobacco card baseball, it came out really well, just waiting for samples, then look on unforgettaballs.com!
naah imma go cause then i'll have to go to retakes
Thank you to all who give me strength and help me talking about me to austin that God will give double
Amy, lesson from yesterday, don't forget about indigenous peoples!
get a ya boy I got some fire fa ya fizzle..
Who's gonna rob a Hallmark
Brrr my car was all icy this morning! White Zombies have made my day awesome! Come in for a cup :) 258 E Eau Gallie.
I'm out of town tomorrow! Will you be doing a meet and greet for SAG/AFTRA actors again in the future?
I see a lot of "nice ideas" that create a lot more questions than solutions. But, I guess if it makes you happy....
Alright, guys, having a total brain fart... Services for actors to get copy of their film & tv work? Go...
haha I know right?
You can't say somebody said something about me and then not tell me who!
when you have second thoughts ..
Ready for some playoff hockey. Here come the Hawks!!
Best night of the tour so far. Thanks for an incredible night Charlotte, NC!!!
Shout out to my daughter - my girl that I love to hang with!! You're a joy!!!
"C" is a verb now? Nice
Pissed when I got off work to watch ESPN and find out the Pacers lost.. Then I remember I had left over Chinese in the fridge to eat.
#erl12 GOkbtries to intertwine systems & data, uses all standards & identifiers models data & relationships, & manage changes over time
when we were kicking around names for the blog, Broad Street was considered. You know, 'cause blogging gets the chicks.
tonight's super moon was kind of disappointing. I want my money back.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY!?
hi. did u receive my message?
Friday Friday Friday
. You will have to teach him the Twitter ropes.
Gonna give doggy a bath before leaving for the night
let's get this TT
Thank you Lewis!
My mom always knows what to say:) Don't know what I'd do without her<3
awesome job with podcast! Taken some major steps...Know you were in NY, any schools or classes you could recommend for film?
Rocky Horror was awesome tonight!
“: That awkward moment when someone confuses your kindness with flirting.”
any idea when a teaser for Judd Apatow's new movie will be? looking forward to his new comedy
The #WomenEconForum hashtag has officially been overtaken by car insurance spambots. Everybody head to the exits.
It's one thing seeing someone have their shoulder broken, but, describing the sound it makes from 10 feet away is another story
Sounds like, unless something drastically changes, Julius Mays will likely end up at Purdue after this weekend.
“: Welcome to SAG-AFTRA! This is history in the making!” what an honor to witness such an amazing moment in history! Ah!!!
Special tonight : Grilled Tenderloin,potato galette w/ mushroom duxelle,spinach puree,black truffle béarnaise,oyster mushroom tempura
I love my boyfriend.
unfortunately the talk is read out which makes it hard to follow
I would.
Is it strange that I'd rather rush to the airport and through security instead of being here ahead of time and waiting?
LMAO WHAT RT : When I got my first period my mom made me a cake with red frosting & little tampons on the sides.
