Off to my last class and piccolo Pete is playing. I'm gonna miss this place
#CanIBeHonestWithYou your blog sucks
Watching More Than A Game
Recommend McFinnigans Pub in SA. If in Austin then Bull McCabe's Irish Pub. Two great places and they love their futbol!!!!!
If you don't vote for The Fray will sing at every major sporting event for a year
only you would run with lipstick on! Oh and pearls! Love it
or more like they take us for a walk! lol
somebody come get me out the house please before I pull my hair out....its that crucial
Thank you to Colin Powell for introducing the one and only joke into the Atlantic council dinner
#ConfiesoQue Sometimes I wanna live in Detroit c:
#Imagine You wake up, Zayn is lying close to you with his arms around your waist. You move, Zayn mumbles:''No, don't get out of bed yet!''
okay love
Hot in the city again...
If I have to "talk" to one more automated customer service system, someone is not going to see Tuesday.
Abt to head to the hospital to support my bro Dez, his son is abt to,enter this world.
Bears goin to the super bowl
I'm so excited to see you guys! =) even my parents vote for ya'll haha!
I treat people the way they treat me. If i'm treating you like crap, you'd know what that means.
Enjoying my first time pitching, yay!
Like this kid RT : RT : is it going to be on ESPN// naw, I don't want all that attention.
Thanks for the retweet!
hope you had a fun time!(:
I didn't know. Duh!!!
You are such a talented golfer!
Lord knows we'll always love each other, & wont admit it but time apart done made room for another
Was that a joke Garry?
Home. Watching 1000 ways to die. The exciting life of a rockstar. Lol.
requesting cruciferous vegetables is an indication of impending spinsterhood. shouldn't food network should warn against this?
Good luck with all that.
#WeWouldntWorkOutIf you absolutely despise of country music
I #FollowYou you follow me(:
I don't care if u cut of my ears.. I'll always love #music~
thank you!
"We can't quite decide if the world is growing worse, or if the reporters are just working harder."
lol hell yeah, I used to quit if I wasnt up by at least 21.
One more at six and I'm done-zo for the semester! ✌👏🙌💃
You're welcome! What are you likin' most?
please please please follow me !!!!<3
yes thanks pig!
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail
I had to work until right now on my bday. I deserve a freaking medal or something...
About to head to work. Then home. Can't wait for payday! Gonna get headlamps for celica, drawing pens, and keen sandals =) yay
I've already said it, but congratulations! You're going to be a great Aunt.
when your coach puts some girl with a slower time than you as anchor on the A relay..
Aww. I have it on DVD. Lol
I live next to the loudest birds ever. Hey birds, why are you so loud?
happy to hear it! Thanks for chatting, and the nice note.
#playoff game-day in #Denver - Mammoth vs from @ 5:30pm today in West Division Semi- tix available
#wineweb starting.........now. teaching social media.
I use most of this RT : Americans use 16 thousand tons of aspirin each year.
maybe true however when u refuse to spend much money to improve your product u leave yourself open 2 speculation
I love your song s.o.s it's amazing
watching jane austen's persuasion movie montages on youtube
I've been surprised by how many wealthy people I've heard say recently that they have very little to no money in the stock market.
GOOD LUCK!
#ihatewhenskinnybitches think they all tht bitch you skinny wat do u have to offer skin&bones
CIO Quote of the Day, former Frito-Lay #CIO and Hall of famer Charlie Feld: “If you don’t like change, you’re going to hate extinction.”
any ideas or anybody to contact with a studio for First Friday? Much love!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
winner winner chicken burrito dinner haha
Thanks again for passing on the great INDIE contest info! :)
we have been trying to buy another copy of our episode of weird travels. are they available for sale yet?
judges mom had sex with an ass...
Here is a breakdown of this year's #Sponsorship Opportunities for The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
well, welcome! I'm excited to read your tweets knowing what a good writer you are! :)
so bad
Check out Tuesday night's dinner at Nassau County Sports Commission .
Finally going swimming. <3
A6. Just looking around this virtual room fills me with optimism!
O HAI SLEEP I LUV U.
"You do you boo boo" - always cracks me up!
Good. Those are the days that help us progress the most!
okay maybe I'm #latetotheparty or #jumpingonthebandwagon but I am seriously obsessed with
They are definitely going to layoff teachers, but too bad they won't be the bad teachers.
No, lmao she used to sit in front of me when you sat beside me.
Remembering A Grandfather's 'Best Gift' - NPR
“: I feel like she was using me , until she got her best friend back :/ #Used.” ? ....
my outfit today is actually looking good.
I dare you to try, ! u have a much longer drive to get here than me! anyone think we'll end up losing, here?
.my tummy is grumbling ;o
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist all falls down
what if it was HUNGER GAMES meets 50 SHADES OF GREY meets FREEDOM meets HUNGER GAMES (again)? #bookhookin'
I'm in AA now. Justin moved up and skipped his last year of single a. I miss that guy, Andrew. Are you doing ok
stuck in the house all week
Get it done Tiger. The rise back to #1 will begin today
Praying for NYC and everyone on the east coast.
You can start a "jam session" with friends on garage band in the new version
Take a quick shower.
because it's a tidy allegory for the 99%. 100 boys compete, 99 die and the winner gets rich.
One day wit gloves
4 prize packs left
I could go for a knockout drag down.
Damn I go to School in Alabama never noticed how far that Shxt is!.
"there's gotta be somethin in the water 4 out of their 6 kids are gay!!!!"
Call me maybe.
check your DMs!
Really, the kids weren't that ducking cute.
Did you know CACs helped over 270,000 children suspected of being sexually abused in 2011? If we don’t #SAVECACS who will help them?
Well, he more than likely wouldn't see it until tomorrow anyways and I have to go to school tomorrow so I'll just wait.
I'm taking off my toes
#MySpecialPowerIs mind altering dimples (thanks )
It's Sunday Fun Day! No, not really. It's Sunday Productive Day. And here I go....
Yes! Would love to hear how small non-profit makes social work w/little to no $ + time
So when ya friends ask im not cha man just the closes thing ya had to a Boo Thang...
In general, the more difficult it feels, the more calories you burn.
“I will lay me down in peace, and take my rest; for it is Thou, Lord, only, that makest me dwell in safety.” ~Psalm 4: 8 ()
Tell me a joke. Women's rights. Hahaha I'm horrible
New site updates www.DebbieDownerEnt.com
:O My YouTube broke.. :\
How at around 7 I was dead tiered but now I'm wide awake…. o well back to the muzik
#ImAlexsGirl TREND IT
James Hook. RT: : James Hook?
Ok, hopefully I can make a lil some some up in there. let your people know im come with that.
my dad just sent me a picture of his poop... no more for him
I'm sure he has some equivalent chant. Don't all politicians?
I don't know what your talking about(:
the look is useless on flights. there's something in plane a/c systems that turns parents into social imbeciles.
Word's out! We'll have ARCs of our dystopian anthology DIVERSE ENERGIES @ ALA, w/ stories by + more!
nope but I got the bunny ears on it lol
Won the longest drive in the golf tourney this am. Thank G-d for that bloody Mary!!
Thanks! What did you get?
I'm not a bitch, you just don't deserve my kindness.
Good night everyone, enjoy the show. I want a roll! Oh yes, I hope Cantor get's the flu!
RT : Maybe I should watch the ranger game tonight considering there is a mob of blue and red outside my window
what's your favorite kind of music?...
-Heyy do we have to wear a tie n blazer today-!?
check out our artist!!!
My shoes have been untied lately
no se nellitzia! es el que dice FOX :S
i am like slow
Funny yesterday victoria: dont run from me, dont think we cant see u Me: what are u talking bout V: the fish c Me: o it swims not runs
Spun today: My Aim is True, This Year's Model, Armed Forces, Get Happy!!, Trust, Imperial Bedroom, Blood & Chocolate, Brutal Youth
Honored by Fearlessly Feminine Ministries having me speak on a "What do guys think?" Panel. Good job moderator, Frank Ruiz!
still iso google wave invite
Thanks! The presentation got a great response, and your research generated plenty of faculty interest
Thanks for sharing! Interesting. Like yr thoughts on citation as incentive for sharing & curation.
RT : I will be there!
RT : Paid coach may not be willing (or able) to give u 'insider' view. Mentor is a diff relationship.
been on aaron.tv lately?
lets tweet about how you nd the bulls r gonna bring us a championship :)
Had such a great time with the Black Eyed Peas and LMFAO last weekend at ESTATE * Can't wait until this weekend...
RT Tonight! Thrs Night Live 6-9 PM, Jazz in Atrium (Heather Paterson) Sketching in Galleries Michael Lagocki
how am i supposed to write 100 words about an Apple Butter Boil?
thanks for coming to ! Henna Party Workshop tomorrow! May God move!
T minus 13 hours until the avengers.
the only safe place is here now....
I used to be a huge TV fan, but I'm not following many series that I love. Can anyone suggest one?
Truth RT "Fuck the Big East." -
i will coming soon ask i finish exam
Pac/West launched it's Facebook page! About to create a professional profile in addition to my original. I think this is the best option.
Glad I'm not the only one that can't choose a brother.
Dear God. Thank you for inventing the best 2 things ever. Baseball pants. And Lax players. Amen;D
Now THAT'S Funny!
I see what you mean! :-)
Sloan/Harris/Gee/Jamison/Samuels ... sometimes we seem a very far way away.
#midwestfashionweek designers will be live on Fox 59 tomorrow morning Antonio Fermin at 7:45am
We have, actually -- great food!
Dick Head
We're reconstructing our website (which will be up soon!); the menu will be up there as well as a few other internet goodies.
lmfao, at what kyree is telling us on the phone!!
Thanks for sending that pic! Those do look great after 25 years! Do you remember where you got them?
sorry our account got hacked
Home alone:-((
I don't think it's a happy Friday if you need liquor this early :) RT : Happy Friday. Is it too early for liquor?
We hope to see everyone tonight @ Gaston Hall for 's 1-on-1 interview w/ CBS Sportscaster James Brown. Event starts at 7pm.
What a great idea! Select two characters, one setting, one prop, all clipped from a magazine, and GO!
Was good to see some creative playcallin from Wisc and Packer coaching staffs this weekend. Way to show your stones Brett and Mac
I CANT STOP LISTENING TO 11:11 ITS AN AMAZING SONG!
dont feel bad i did too lmfao
Jesus heather, eat a hamburger!
Me like
Hansen says "There is room on our side"
What's better than a fine cigar???
Seeing guys check out Tressa's ass is one of the funniest things.
I don't know, probably. I just wanted to get all excited about the mapping though! Whatchu mapping? What tools? etc.
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal.. 1 down 4 to go
has some cocktail glasses to die for
HS Ballers and Parents -- ... Find out what it takes to www.PlayCollegeBasketball.com !!!
More tremendous officiating in this year's playoffs. Kovy has a right to be incensed.
Don't have an #AdWars team? Looking for 9 brave soldiers to join my team, #AllThePresidentsAdMen. Do you have what it takes?
they probably have it at the Japanese market at 17th and U st
Wishing I were in the audience at #wits with , but happy to be listening to it online. A bit of funny is good on a Friday.
Well, wow, the feeling is mutual - good friends and good fans.
love u too(: text me
#Aries MB guy of the day: Prodigy
I don't even how i feel...
Thanks for following bro!
Olivia you're beautiful. <3
These woman on sportscenter cannot talk. Their studdering as a team
Do you need a mentor or a phychic? Mentors think they know more than they do, phychics make you feel better by guessing well.
i was born this way <3
#TrapMusic #RealShit if u can't relate listen to dat weak ass
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its inbuilt limits and concerns.
Haven't tweeted my man in a min. <3
You guys are so jealous! I'm at pump it up!
RT : "Get involved in ur miracle." So awesome! Don't just sit around praying for it, become a participant in it!
im not
yep! It's all our fault. Before we started this account, APD's reputation was sparkling. Lol
Mexican food leftovers
Do I make you horny baby?
I have school now
The elbow seen round the world. What happened to world peace?
There's a burning in my chest and my eyes feel heavy. Its ridiculous how much I miss you.
so I someone got a spam DM from you. You may want to change your password. :/
no way. I need the hours. Spend the night with me afterwards!
we are very sorry, but the event is completely sold out. Thank you so much for your interest! It will happen again in 2012!
People can say what they want about Comcast, but all I know is that I'm watching Purdue on ESPN 3 on my computer because of Comcast.
I'm studying social media in #MBU543 w/ We're learning about twitter chat and this is my 1st time participating with
it really did 😔
Excited to sit at table at IGNITE celebration tonight. Occupy Portland has us taking another route.
They gone PUT Miami OUT!!!!
Cs Magazine has nominated Salute Wine Bar and Cafe as one of the best restaurants in Chicago in the Italian category. Come check us out!
The team behind HTN is filming a new movie starting Monday - get updates at and
no I'm actually not.
She cooking dinner with cho pants.
It is all how you think about it...and it is all up to you
Speaking in New Orleans this week! A wonderful company hired me to train their staff on Mental Management - it's going to be a great week!
Follow me back; assholes!
I see PokerStars is raising the blinds on the Zoom game. Good PR if a player could sit in on a hand with their favorite pro.
Happy International Women's Day! :)
Thank ya old man! Making your debut to the web!
some times a man needs to explore a jungle just to find a woman! Ha!
Up early today headed to a Open Practice session at Ft. Meade Lanes.
was a GREAT show. Thanks for comin out!!!
On summer evenings my young wife and I would sit out front, high on potato wine, and watch the sun skitch its orange skirt over the horizon.
It's getting warm , everyone starts to act crazy
I guess he only wants White males who are rich & Christians. Leaves a lot of us out!!
Ha that's probably because it is criminal love!
the closer to summer, the less I care about school.
I have calmed down. We are united. And no one out there needs to know where I keep my spork.
office remodeling underway, it is going to be a difficult few weeks but will be worth it for a larger space.
I just let out a sigh of relief
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.—Carl Jung
APUSH with , , , , and was a blast this year. I'll miss it<3
RT My students say drop RefWorks instruction pronto, give them Zotero or Mendeley.
my business
Q. Why do they bury lawyers twelve feet deep? A. Because deep down, they are really good guys.
great building materials picked up this week! 20 gallons mocha brown house paint, tile floor heating system, stone tile, all on the cheap
She's got eyes of the bluest skies As if they thought of rain I hate to look into those eyes And see an ounce of pain
Favorite quotation, period. RT : "Be the change you want to see in the world" -Gandhi
You in Times Square?
That way I'll make sure I get to do all the shit I want to do in my life span.
About to see Hunger Games!
Worst singing EVER!!!
After A Disaster Dont Lock yourself Out Of The World. Because after A hurricane Theres Always A Rainbow <3
Today 1848: St. John's Infirmary, Wisconsin's first public hospital, was founded in Milwaukee.
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40, and RnB.
I live in Detroit Michigan tho
Hey guys!!! #mofones will have another factory #weekend this weekend! yay!! all our artist friends making mofones in an #art studio in #LA!
Nothing makes me happier than simply being with you.
Drunk voicemail: someone misses me, the way I look into their eyes, and call them "baby." This person also thinks I'm on house arrest.
So trekking poles in checked baggage seems to guarantee a #TSA hand search.
thanks. updated it overnight - not paying attention obviously
what's baby rocket?
Spanish speaker expects her to learn a new language to date him? What's up with that?
so either january is national let's start rumours month or national let's piss everyone off month.
gah, so lucky. have a nice cup of hot cocoa for me ok? & enjoy your warm-under-the-covers day!
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY !!
Upgraded to exit row window seat!?!
Saw two guys carrying a desk across Ventura Boulevard at Van Nuys. Just a normal Monday.
“: "If the best things in life are free, how come toilets cost money?" -Johnny Rutledge” Johnny is the fucking greatest
Seems cold..But baby no...Doesnt have to be..Microwaving our medal tragedy ~
How will I know if... finish that line :)
you have no idea how many times i catch mine down at meetings
We just wrapped up a great BOSU class! Have you tried this great way to burn calories?
Would u ever be down to star in a music video? Like nothing sexual lol. I'm looking for someone and your perfect :)
anyways whats happening
pretty sure he was. Sounded old, not really the joking type
he will he will. tryin to bring him to columbus, i'll tell you about it.
where you at big bro?
grad show + the next designer superstars + Sarah Burton () + + Princes Reema = ADRENALINE RUSH
I'm a good listener/when I hear myself speak
Who's ready for some Cheesecake?? We're celebrating National Cheesecake Day in the kitchen. Watch live at 9!
Well those could be taken out of context. :)
What's new with you, love?
aw damn wade! no you didn't get hung -_-
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley
One Direction Singing My Life Would Suck Without You.♥
Nice post. Scary stuff, scarier they dont let ppl know about new features that affect privacy. Scariest yet many ppl don't care.
are you feeling better my friend?
awesome. Made me smile and laugh. YEE “: Who cares if you're nervous? You're the only one who knows that. Ignore it and move on.”
How Romantic!
and a shout out to will prob be the last time i get to see her :/ shes moving on
GREAT NAFC MMA show Fri nite @ Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! Congrats to all who entered the cage! Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Follow my friend and he will follow you back
Congrats on the goal!
Which one - the guy who won't talk to a female employee, or the girl who thinks she's god's gift to "comic book nerds"?
If you enter a black hole, you end up in a star trek remake remake.
keep Orly luv her fashion concepts! I would totally buy her stuff!
blahh blah blah
I have, they are great! :)
follow he only needs 126 MORE to reach 100,000 followers!!
I wish I could retweet this.
Just got stalked by a guy who wanted to sell me something it Waz a grown man in girlz scout costume D:
oh g i got stage frite today
Woot! We have a couple of ranking lists out. Need to start weeding out those teams not in the tourney.
Thank you! Love them!RT : big thanks to - #cupcakes were a big hit for 's birthday!
UFO on top of Rochester building?!
If anyone wants to challeng me on xbox live my name is (OpponentMrTKO)
And if you ain't know, I go by Tity-Two Necklace.
Its funny as hell when dude stops next to you blastin his system and his cd starts skippin....smh lmao!!!!!
Show just announced: April 18th @ THE SHADOW LOUNGE in Pittsburgh!
I like what I've seen from Nate Tice. He's making a run at the starting quarterback position.
is a fool ! lmao
BOUT TO LAY IT DOWN WITH MY HUSBAND AND HAVE SOME US TIME YAY I LIVE FOR THESE TIMES!
Get 20% off all items for Mother’s Day at , including great savings on cards and gifts for mom.
YAY is right!!! RT : Pitchers and Catchers = reported. Welcome back, baseball!! // YAY
goodmorning to you beautiful
Latricia working gate C38 at DFW flight 1003, that's how customer service is done!!!
Thanks Jordan - I am enjoying the process ;)
Several strong performances but Jean Adams as Mrs. Danvers is exceptional: deliciously warped!
Yay to my big bro (one of them anyway) for visiting me for Christmas! And June too!
my favorite is Love the Way You Lie and I also like Vienna :)
That awkward moment when ur on Skype at 3 in the morn and its the one night ur mom decides to "check on u"....-__-
My class starts at 9:30, but I don't show up til 9:35...
Kings Of Leon tickets at 4P; Justin from Blue October in studio 5:30
thanks! That was one wicked cough, miners lung?
I didn't get into any argument and am still on the rage train :)
Breck has twice been a runner-up but has never won a title.
I liked you till I found out you were a total bitch...
Sometimes I remember all the good times we had and memories we made then I remember all they'll ever be is memories sand we wont have more
I know you mean well...but sometimes I just wish you do what I ask and leave it at that. Not like I haven't done the same for you
#thedictator is my most anticipated comedy by far
Another successful clinic - most importantly we kept the quality of our patients' experiences high and addressed all their needs.
I am in a nasty mood tonight! I don't even know why! O well I guess people need to stay away from me!!
Back in Aruba mode.. Gym then work
Never stop dreaming. You will go far.(:
My.mother just called to ask a question she knew the answer too. Why?
Benny & The Breaks show plus Emma Wright birthday extravaganza tonight at
saw new x men today - pretty good! Hanging at the in-laws tonight..
My pleasure. Nice article!
Just witnessed the Mexican mullet, I'm speachless
Just signed up to attend the Women 2.0 Founder Friday San Diego Launch event for May 3, 2012, entrepreneurs, investors welcome, FREE:
bring me some 2morrow!!!!!!(:
ECOF looks thin...
[cont'd] farther in warmer air, and IIRC, 1998 was the warmest year on record.
"if it wasn't so poisonous, i would totally ride that!" (when talking about hidden penises)
i was listening to future- "turn up the lights" & on the 2nd verse he sounds like a Jamaican lol 😳😂😂😂😭
Happy Monday everyone! We'll announce the winner of #GuessJacksScore at 10am central. His score from Friday was 735
Exactly. PNR data in CRS cloud is best proof that Safe Harbor & enforcement of EU data prot. law are complete failures.
NBC has a really cool story on right now about the raid to kill Bin Laden
where you live pansy? I'll make you eat your teeth
Some Great football today... Are you ready for CES, What is going to be the hotest new product???
did i seriously just wake up to someone walking by my apartment whistling the national anthem??
we on dat new shit..what yall know bout ???
thts messed up.
#FF, if you're interested, the face behind 's tweets:
Mane the Devil trying to mess me up early..but I got the Victory.
the power of #love is much more greater than d power of
2nd thought = I wonder if she does anal....
The joy of eating well and aging well! Choose colorful fruits, veggies, whole grains and lean meats to feel great inside and out.
love the new handler!
currently listening to brilliance Switch Switch by on
Anyone at LAX right now? Delayed flight caused missed connection. Long wait for next flight. Hanging at terminal 7 at Karl Strauss.
I feel that as a graduation present to Kendra.you should do a sex para sometime in the near future.that is all.
Nick Drake
yea I qot the one on my upper bck done ina house for 40 but I cant find a dude that tats out his house smh
I know not what things you speak of woman.lol
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come you and enjoy some tunes!
Dirk brick
R.I.P to my cuzn. She left us too soon I know you up there looking down on us kid 
Take chances in life. You only got 1 chance to live your life. #KeepStriving ...
all I want is a husband and babies
CeeLA, this is The Man you are speaking to. Are you in Montreal for the 2nd show. I am Rhianna's God Father.
doing some awesome Welcome campaigns using
Destructoid Pirate T Shirt
There's another project I got that's pretty interesting. Anthology about an asylum co-edited with some guy named Ben Ethridge.
Okay really i just saw as on my timeline it was a profile picture im mean really lady dang 😖😡👎
We have gone Pink! Join Team Germain for the Susan G. Komen race for the cure on May 15th!
It took away some of the magic to hear them at Crew should know better.
at the shop watching naruto shes so many episodes behind
Congratulations John John Florence. Volcom Pipe Pro Winner...
You should hear! It hit Leander a bit ago..just opened door & peeked..it's calmed down..electricity only went out 4 a while!
Good night twitter world<3
Got my free copy of Flash Builder 4 installed. Thanks Adobe!
you will find a way !!
Tornado warnings in Kaufman, Rockwall Counties until 4pm.
I really need to stop tweeting and start on this ap!!
Get Your movers today! Prices starting as low as $50/h!!! Disassembly and reassembly is always included!!!
Ballgame! Your boy Timmy won more playoff games this year than Aaron Rodgers and Ben and Matt Ryan and Romo. Who's better?
Whats your favorite song?
RT : "My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." ~Dalai Lama
Artist Lucian Freud leaves $156 million in will - paper
COCO LOUNGE IS ON CRUNK ALERT TONIGHT!! THE SA SPURS WILL BE REPRESENTING!! HURRICANE CITI ON DECK!!
make my day and follow me?<333
what do you do for Starbucks?
mr brown daughter.
need to get these thoughts out of my head because drinking just makes them harder to forget.
Portland, you make us proud. 'Up the Yangtze' is a hit--we love that a Canadian documentary tops the term for screening attendence.
The first 2 weeks of the year are always the busiest at the gym.
we can fly to never never land xo
I'm disappointed in myself for not knowing about these drinks. What are they?
Hey Rock!! whats up man, hey ive actually looked into getting my personal training liscenses. What about u recommend?
Are we going to count the debt we take out for the Vikings stadium as counting toward the budget deficit, too?
will be tough... Young players, wide-eyed at Staples
Step up and do what others will not do and make the difference in the world by being all you can be and know you did your best~ steve dorsey
just cut a 12 minute interview down to 5:30.
Nice!! Returning to class for your final week?
Ohh whenever you want! :D
I don't see why you talk shit. It makes you looks stupid and needy.
Qupe 2009 Bien Nacido Syrah: delicious, up to Qupe's Syrah reputation. Light on the front, big on the finish with a little bite.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 2
At the for a screening of Chuck Norris' Delta Force (unless I misread that email).
*squeeze* I'm always here for you :D
The Spaces between my fingers are there for yours to Fill In
Already got dibs on the living room couch. But this loveseat's got your name on it.
Im very honored! RT : In final Pos1 vote wins endorsement of with 62%
is happy not to listen to neightborhood fireworks because of the rain.
Can fill out welfare/ food stamp application under a minute but can't fill out a job application
You know that moment when you take pizza out of the oven, and know you should wait, but can’t help yourself? Yeah that just happened.
Checking out the new drive-thru Starbucks by my office. Seems easier to just go inside.
B.C.N. Will be attending the Michael Jordan celebrity invitational golf tournament @ aria city center in L .V. from 3/31 to 4/3
I did send an email to provide details. I would appreciate a prompt response.
we sure do
Decided to just hibernate in my room until I croak. Appropriate grad school plan? Thinking yes.
Oh yeah fashionably late trifecta haha loved it
she kicked my sis out she livein wit my grandmotha for the week my motha wnt her to think n she threw all her clothes away!
I wouldn't have noticed that if you didn't point it out
Taco tuesday!!!
“: Ready for Exchange Professional!!! ” welcome Cindy
Most eyes on the most stories. Free content. Advertiser supported. That’s how to do it, , Pay walls tried. Failed.
I'd rather do homework than read #NYR tweets.
Show me your face u fucking asian....
do you have a computer outlet out there?
So tired. -_-
I mean the school work and teacher not the year
Oh FFS Let's get it together!
hi pretty, miss you!
So, now you have me watching #DrWho on netflix. lol.
Mos Wanted Crew killed it!!
Canada! I can't wait to see you!!
got a couple of notes done...then tutoring and more after class.....
I just want my daddy that's all. Guess you can't always get what you want huh?
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS?!?! FOLLOW & SAY "I NEED FOLLOWERS" AND I GOT YOU !!! OVER 10,000 + FOLLOWERS & IM~~>
#bandoftheday is post the vid and pic on our fb when you can!
never been to co co sala but would try it! Looking forward to Nov. You and could come early for the rally on the mall.
Poking your head in is the best feature of Twitter, IMO. Probably because I do it all the time! :)
Yay! Tweet with us!
class is 2day. $7.00 followed by the best Bible Study with Pastor at 7pm - Auditions coming soon!!!
your phone trippen because you dont know how to hit up your wifey !
#imagine when and follow back:/ like that is ever gonna happen:/ </3
It is hot as shit
hi Sky.
over 40 traders in our chatroom right now making a lot of money on AQLV
thank you! Love to meet you too!(:
Ieen got shit better to do
Good boy
Shots indeed!!
Our NEW Be Belle website Just Launched! Specializing in Wedding & Event make-up! Chk us out at www.bebellebeauty.com
LOOKS LIKE IM TAKINIG OVER TWITTER :)
Bored and nothing to do.:(
states that parents are first line of defense to keep kids safe from abuse
A few more minutes and the demo pit winner will be announced. We have a great crowd at the end of the day!
I wonder what the kid in front of me on the bus put as his language on his application to Purdue. Ebonics perhaps?
huh?? not sure what you mean.
Parent: "Hey, we need to talk." Me: *million things run through my mind, what did they find out about?* Parent: "Stop leaving the lights on"
sonoran hot dog making its ESPN debut
- "wait.. But his is bigger than mine.." to
just show them that you're logged in on your phone. That works too.
Having to convince university police that your bag doesnt contain an explosive.
ok Roenick is really irritating right now
Have fun in KY! Wish i was there or you were w/us! Let's just hope they don't tweet about us!
no but I'm bout to now!
yea she dmed me(:
Just One Tweet can make a night! :) RT #SongICanRelateTo Give Your Heart A Break and Just One Boy
Dear , Please Stop Coming Up On My Pandora. Thank You , Superior Apparel
sure, thanks
Wha? Vit C city, lady. You know home boi is always welcome
Good luck xoxo
#scoremobile is blowing up my pocket with the offense in this #Brewers game today!
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." -Henry David Thoreau
i hope he didn't freeze that friggin chicken again............
Thanks for the reminder!
Damn my charm should be illegal , that's the 5th girl today that gave me the "diablo papi" face
Has indie rock always sounded like adult contemporary and I just never noticed before?
Looking forward to tonight's episode of #BigBangTheory!
*High Five*
You're right!! It'll only be like four days late. Also they eloped, so that means all rules are off, right?
at first i thought would be funny, then i realized his failed career as a comedian trasnformed him into a golf blogger.
I need to see Burnham in concert again :P It's been since 11/11/11 was the last time I saw them in concert
Women want to be listened to. Pretty basic, but seemingly tall order.
<< Sweethearts always win!
I'm spraying it repeatedly with Windex
Colorado has a snowday and I have 5 hours of class straight.
#RIPDonna Extremely saddened by the loss of legendary musician Donna Summer! Her songs of love, loss, & heart will be her beautiful legacy.
Twain: "The inability to forget is infinitely more painful than the inability to remember." Create a culture of forgetfulness.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!!!
I am woman! I am invincible! I am pooped!
mention me im up & hella bored
that would be my guess. But who knows
I keep losing followers. Haha. Ops?
Submitting press release for www.iheartonenote new member contest.
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps When they say "we got food at home"
Nick from last note felt the ghost spirit here and he had no idea it was haunted!
I encounter realize it's a matter of knowing where to look, not necessarily some certificate. I've been doing research ...
this is so sweet :-)
love drinking cold coffe its yummy
#FF Way honored! My novel, Tomorrow They Will Kiss, scores another 5 star review! amzn.to/9SBWUL Thank you kind readers.
No one has any excuse: Andrew Haigh's WEEKEND is on Netflix Instant! WATCH IT unless you want to see Cuntessa Aubergine (aka me) yell!
No. That's danielle. She is a friend of mine:) my photos are on my twitter.
#PopUps EXPECT DELAYS multimedia #art #installation by V Bonet @ 630 Main & PRIMITIVE POP SERIES by R Robinson @ Broadway/9th
bringing back the 90s!
Going to the Vancouver B.C. and Seattle show! July 27th and July 28th :) x
TONIGHT 9pm BREW-HA-HA WBC. Steve doing standup along w Chuck Booms and Victoria Bussberg
If anyone has other podcasts recommendations I'm all ears. I listen to lots of them geek related. You can never have enough options :-)
stupid football is depriving me of watching on 60 minutes. Ugh
I've never been so pissed.
im not. ;o
We just had a very civil debate on FB. Amazing. 88 comments and no name calling.
It's not too late to book your Holiday Party - there are still options. Think Brunch or Lunch or after work cocktails & appetizers.
Dealing with my caffeine addiction by drinking a pot of freshly ground Kona coffee.. m
Chillin at today. I sometimes forget are real people.
HELP YOUR HEALTH – SUPPORT YOUR COMMUNITY! CSA – Community Supported Agriculture. For a fee you buy local, seasonal food directly from a fa…
It's time we do our part in helping our community. Email for more information!
Q1) Agree this is happening but in my experience it is department and team managers directing it. Dept and project portals
... in vacation mode, seeing Chicago with Singaporean pharmacists and old friends.
Tryin c what GTown gone do 2nite follow Oaks on twitter @ oaksgbgh
Come see me at booth #40 & the Awesome at booth #41(♥Ha! How did the Universe arrange that union? Neighbors!♥)
you here this weekend, right?
My feet are so yellow 😣
Do any of the four types of unintentional "innovation assassins" lurk in your company?
clear penalty, no?
Would be holding another panel or are you simply attending?
Yes, I throw pennies away. so what?
Where can we get 'Love Pastry' shirts? I really want one!
everything I pin or comment on she likes it, re pins it and shares on. 2 sec after I made him my friend she requested.
You know today is going to be awesome.
yea boi! Happy birthday :)
Join us for Belly Moves Prenatal Yoga with next wed! Or join me tonight, can't wait!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!25
Still looking for Men of Steel (and some women) for our Fall Premier! Contacta for more details. Auditions being scheduled!
Bank o'Canada removes women fr $50 bill:famous 5 fought to be persons & Therese Casgrain 1st female leader of pol party. Arcti ship instd.
thank you! I'll follow you too! I'm excited to use it! It's so funky!
What up Bro? Hey I'm just chilling at the Crib hooking up these Turntables...
We will be in the South Milwaukee Heritage Days parade today! Make sure to stop by and see us! =)
#AERA2012 co-presenting a communication PD workshop at 8:00. Let's do this!
Francis, instead of criticizing the chef, why don't you post YOUR the 5 courses you felt would have been more representative?
'member Marc, u bragged "when I started with Huntland & they told me to get that monthly check to that elected official, I STOPPED THAT" :-o
Let's go #Blackhawks! It's do or die (again).
Wish this happened more often at other places. RT Kids eat free all day today . One child for each paying adult.
A person who keeps his opinions to himself will seldom be wrong.
Doing taxes. Blech.
I like people to be jealous of us.
I love the sport, I am part of the sport but it is taxpayer money. Where's my sponsorship? I'm a taxpayer. I'm divided on it
Getting halfway done with straightening my hair and saying "Screw it" and throwing it up in a bun.
Last class finishing up with the L-J pretest. This is the 100 important vocabulary words for 7th grade.
In case you wondered--we're home from Israel and Jordan. In November we're going to Israel and Egypt.
can you follow back thx
Miley Is Naturally Beautiful, what more can I add...
Me too!
Im threw fuckin around im off
Wow, request for a belly dancing cake, and an invite to the event! That's a first!!
#stopkony 3 years ago I coached a famous actress for a film about the monster. Shame the film didn't get made.
Schools over in a week, and my whole year has been ruined.
i know, i know, i'm always working.
Can twitters fly?
Vamp up time baby on
Bumping Asap Rocky
#kosher Earlier today I was accused of being racist for asking if a competitor breaking an advertising policy was kosher.
Congratulations! That's wonderful news. :)
Morning! Morning!
Thanks for the tip MB. I don't mind looking like a dork.
Are you in contact with your relatives there?
Okay great! Where does she sit? I need to leave something on her desk (:
Boy Next Door
Thanks to for representing The SCoop at the #naacp #teensummit today!
Hey thanks so much!! I'll go check it out :)
Nobody's replying to my texts. Guess I'm in for the night.
yeah she's probably a cunt
MayDay Inc. doing all the task you don't have time to
Tomorrow back to eating healthy again!
it's a sloppy study and blogs repost it as "proof" with no acknowledgment of that
Everything is always okay in the end. If it's not, it's not the end.
All I found in the fridge was applesauce, but at least it was the cinnamon kind. LOL! Enjoy your comfort food! :)
sweet! Cuz I have a bunch. Just got another one today in fact.
Let's go Nuggs! Get it together!!!!!
No dessert. I am in training for a raft trip.
with jungle juice?
Ha! RT Know what? Komen can still suck it. They crossed the Rubicon.
Out eating with my soon to be husband, <3
not that easy lol .
Finally off work :)
I Think that all the dreams come true,because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER♥
my cable went out for a second too... Ugh!
I just declared next Sunday "Take a Jew To Church Day" to help them become completed Christians! Love you Ann and Jesus!!!
It ain't wack if they know what they doing with it .
What one girl won't do another one will....
Hittin the mall is becoming a routine activity these days
Wow! The Dekalb county court is truly diverse! 5 languages, 4 men, 3 women + the ONLY Hispanic judge in Georgia cc
okay bye Aubrey , carry on with your day.
off to work,so i pretend to work ,so they can pretend to pay me...
Avoid northern state heading west there's a huge accident
Wants to attend the ABFF, but it is just too expensive
water and Pittsburgh. :) boom!
When iCry its not bCuz im upSet : its bCuz im mad az hell .
A. Peterson (ACL, MCL) finished 1st in wind sprints w/ teammates this week. Coach Frazier said "he's doing great and we're optimistic."
go get it it's there! “: I desperately want to watch Bridesmaids right now.”
I will be there love!!
you read it 😳
hahah! It's inhumane. RT : only recording 579 songs in one day. you know... The usual. Hahaha
watching Ali vs Foreman. Ali would have beat this nigga without the rope-a-dope.
Wait, can go down?
bwahahahahahahahaha little goon
blerg...time to start filtering SXSW tags
I love that we live in the time of
Had an amazing long weekend with my fiance - and now it's back to work for both of us!
Cameron Diaz turns 39 today. I like her and think she should go without the makeup. She looks more unique that way.
Definitely good to support what they're doing @ the Loft, but it's also opening @ the Gaslamp.
well he tossed the original Sour Patch Kids (Animist orphan squatters) into the sea as well
My students will be interested to hear that #OccupyWallStreet protesters staged a read-aloud of "Bartleby" in Zuccotti Park in October.
Thanks bro! Let me know if you cop anything i will hook it up! Use "Steven" When you purchase as a discount code!
I would be disappointed in you but I have some here myself.
I still listen to 11:11 by ! anyone else??:)
We're cooking up fish tacos tomorrow on the show. Yum! Tune in to get the recipe!
my favorite part was when it was 's solo
You're a cold but tasteful man! I think it was Ben & Jerry who told us that cold weather doesn't hurt ice cream sales.
woop woo! alrighty lmk what you wanna do cause we never went on our chillis date! and im broke but I get paid this fridayo
Back to work now:)
“: im with SD and he is celebrating like they won the superbowl” - Dork.
lets go!! When & where is it??
#amWriting at Drip Coffee House in Dallas.
It's not the right things we do occasionally, rather it's the right things we do consistently that change our lives. -Joyce
Currently holding down 4th place in the Ideablob contest, looking for a weekend bump over the next few days-www.ideablob.com/ideas/4284
thanks, appreciate it
Big S/O to the boys from Thanks for a great show.
Got a reallllyyyy cute dress! :)
my eyes are killing me from all the dust!
Alex Haupt calls me white girl :l
What a gorgeous start to the day! Come out and get a storage unit 50% off for your first two months!
thanks man :D
Not running the LA Marathon, but I am wearing track pants. What do I get for that? Nothing? Anyone? Is it nothing?
A shower, makeup session, and a glass of water.
Thanks Helen!
Chinese company to buy Weetabix
Maybe for you!
stay the fuck from there
Can't be nice to everybody without someone getting the wrong idea.
When sum1continues2 hate, I find no reason2 get mad or upset.If u don't like me remember it's mind over matter; I don't mind &u don't matter
speaking of pushover. Are you coming over tonight?
Can you elaborate on website design? Like HTML? Or UI? Or graphic design?
I love early release days :)
We'll miss you and too! But don't even worry about it. and I are crashing all your events :)
I hate when people say "Your mom" after everything you say
Preparations for tonight's are in a full swing! It's going to be a great night!
haha i figured tht out im doin hw it suck the dick
like this
Be your best self and bring out the best in others.
tickets will be at ticket outlets by the end of next week...check back for the list of outlets
This is cool.
I don't think so. :(
Made mine too! Well done...
Was off the grid this weekend. It felt great.
If you are in NYC next week go check out auction.Money goes to more awesome public and educational programming
By the way... #shoutout to the so delicious. They even have delicious Tofu Bratwurst for all you herbivores.
Today is #10/10/10! Help celebrate its 10th year of supporting classrooms by following them. Pls RT. /via
Stayed up way too late to be awake since 6am. But gotta get as much work as possible done today.
If I forgot who I am, would you please remind me.
she's ktfo right now
why do u work mornings now?
only if he can pitch the 7th and 8th every fucking night
#IfYouKnowMeWell , then you'll understand my situations.
Stuck on jury duty today. They can't pick people from the unemployment roles, that would be too easy.
Giving a tour of the honors program today. YES. I have always wanted to be a tour guide.
What makes a great place to work? What was the best company you ever worked for, and why? Join the conversation at noon
when is cody goin to be on punk'd???
Duck duck goose as a state of existential awakening. I only know who I am when I become goose. Then comes the chase.
At least there weren't any zobies - that we know of...
Finishing up an Information Security project today and head for Bali, Indonesia for the Holiday Season. Happy Holidays to everyone!
I hate futs
I'll send you an email :) Have fun today!!
right with you there.
omg I know. I'm in the same building as Thom!!!
Working on SPARTA -THE SHOW EPISODE N.4 www.syndicateradio.tv !!! LOVE YOU ALL!
Hey Boston. How do you like them apples?
thanks for the lead to The Band Perry. I just didn't know.
hope your Saturday Is sunshine and flowers!!!!:)))
RT: : All people want is $$$ & im so tired of it. For real. <~~ SO damn true, sadly.
I love your twitter name #justSayin :)
What's your play count, dawg? xD
yeah. he seems cliche like that. then he'll buy her nice silicon parts and lots of gold and greek columns for the house...
Eric, the smooth-talking, ladies man, devises the perfect strategy to win over his ex-girlfriend Abby, in the gripping thriller 'Fair Play'.
Happy B day
Cant wait to enjoy some sun this weekend. Makes me want to be a Trendy Fox
Working on news story & need Bodymedia users in Pittsburgh who R running the marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
MVC presentation by is the very best so far. Wish every PHP developer could hear it.
Congrats to producer genius for his #Broadway production of #Godspell being featured on the front page of the #NYTimes!
Levi leer Mixtape release & Pastor Troy movie release TONIGHT!!!!! @ #PearlBistro Be there!!! #TeamSelfish !.!
Heavy rain and cloud to ground lighting here at this time..
I hope my bae is having a wonderful day. I'm hoping to skype later...
Who Am I: That quintessential verse that defined who you are as an artist. Every MC has this verse...or at least should have this verse.
There is a term for vocab experts. Vocabularian-Someone who gives much or undue attention to words. who knew?
Embrace the gray!
they all work?
Last night I learned it's possible to play "The Twist" loud enough to make one's ears ring. It's a terrific feeling.
Us too! Let us know if they make it online, we would love to link to them.
VERY well said!
they wouldn't let me get my stuff
I am watching Melancholia. I feel like I am being fucked in the brain by the Tristan chord.
nigga just said he had one of mine. Now its I ain't seen u with no one. Nigga which one is it compulsively lies
RT : Find our Top 100 Best Free #Kindle #Books which is updated daily on #Squidoo. #novel #DigitalBookToday -...
THEY SPELT IT WRONG. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THEM
THERE IT IS AGAIN.
It's safe to say put on one of the best performances to date. New songs are shaping up nicely.
Just telling you the truth,
: You had me at cheese platter.
Twerking to the beat of Europe's "Cherokee"
Iconoclast of the Day: Jimmy, for gamely continuing to crack corn despite the fact that no one seems to care.
lia sophia 's Elena Kiam Dishes on How to Make this Holiday Season Gem-tastic We chatted with the Creative Director of lia sophia, Elena
Oh. My. Holy. Shit.
Hawks showed up tonight
Everytime I see a horrible driver, I wonder how they ever made it out of the birth canal.
How are you??
No problem, hope you have a great weekend--supposed to be nice weather.
I'm ready for ya, come on! $2 craft beers!
Enjoying some seriously sticky Natto & brown rice. M. Pungent and delicious!
Just sent the Easter cards to the grandparents - sometimes I forget how much a handwritten card means.
wow, that is quite unexpected! Email me:
God Is Soo Good He Keeps Opening Doors!!
Note the importance of the Oxford comma in the last tweet. Come on AP
Don't hand me shit then except me to give you gold cause you can go to #teamfuckyourself #teamfollowback ;)
yes that's right. Never know! But I'm so happy they got through another week. They are kicking butt!
Here's where my tolerance ends: neither of them is into soccer... so I'm trying to convert them.
's Hair Is Dope o;
The city that reads!
Hahaha I Have My Reasons And You Don't and You Still Had Chalk On Your Butt#Memories.(:
Plleeaase someone tell me a bedtime story !
with the fudge! The best part.
try to hide your boners when u walk out of class, it's not a good look
Might be taling to you then! Soon.
Light, sound, & smell- keeps ghosts away! My candle making at home is great!!!
My boyfriends in the hospital with a bad case of non-existence.
Ew the stupidest party in 8th grade history
Yes!!! RT :  RT : Thank you SO much for saving the St. Patty's Day parade!!! I love you!!
You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me. ~ Darth Vader #MarchMad(scientist)ness
Okay so i say i hate when people assume. and i do. and yet i assume so much tbh
First thought-take a look at the work for hire section in Nimmer on Copyright. What cases does Nimmer cite? +
Listening to music and talking to u lol, wbu?
So great to finally meet you in person! Hope to find time to chat soon :) cc
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slice special! Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
RT : I'm looking forward to the Komen Foundation's logical next fundraising effort: Pink cans of New Coke. (Gold!)
oh stop with the big words! What is this 'homework' you speak of anyways?
This cat want 13 hundred for this car but yet has 13.00 on it
#LetsGo #Mountaineers Beginning of a
have yu talked to her?
machine-gun range gets a steady stream of visitors and will never use that range again. 2 many newbies with too much firepower
We already have Beyond the Codices (updated, expanded) and Book 12 of the Flor. Codex from Jim Lockhart, ready to add. Need grant!
think we are good on noodles , but some drinks would be awesome if you can manage it ;) thank you !
s/o means shout out....
Do I look a fucking mother to you
nah i did a different one.
Thank you!
yea i love that kid no homo
yeaa I feel you me too but I bruised my collar bone at practice today and boy does it hurt lol
Love it! Congrats!
I owe you lunch :)
actually LOVING it!!! Battery life is a little shaky, but overall, its a pretty awesome piece!
Think about it
good work :)
what's your favorite photo community? we <3 , but want to find others!
You can now shop select pieces from my collection on the SUCCARRA Facebook page! Go check it out and tell me what you think...
The willingness to listen, the patience to understand, the heart to care & just to be there that is the beauty of a lady! Happy Women`s Day!
I'm erasing all the unwanted drama out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy....
MSR Faculty Summit here I come. Sneaking in w/o a phd... Sessions look very good.
My real one: Stranger note as you walk by, as you are now, so once was I. (con't)
Do you know there are many opportunities for the GIS Freelancers on GIS Extensions Market?
Time and time again we need a little break
No need to see new faces keep that circle small and tight
eva's
Sadly, I'll be out of town for the show, but I hope the kids dance well & have fun.
Fish fry and pumpkin soup w greens...today...bring your Friday face!!
I need a life
Philadelphia's school situation is beyond crisis mode at this point. We all need to present our best ideas now
i looked like shitt
indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis eifs contractors, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis dryvit repair, indiana eifs
I GOT HOES TRYNA BE LIKE ME!! Awesome!!
its time for me to play some
you WOULD like that. :(
you're awesome.
Everybody is looking for something...sweet dreams are made of ________
Attention all Titans Gym members refer a friend to Titans Gym get a free month on us.
i appreciate your support
Where therr's a will... There's a way...
What's Romney gonna do when he discovers that two of his corporations are gay and wanna marry each other? Huh?
RT Among cablers, CNN first w/the news of Betty Ford's death; MSNBC second; Fox third.
I want to offer my love and respect to the end
ah, yeah they is a wee bit of size difference. Woah, how big will she get? I like the name
it is amazing the amount of expensive fetish gear they've concocted for what should be basic locomotion. fools & their $...
I can't write anymore!!!! rewriting is killing me... brain is dead
Beautiful day. Enjoy it
come on over
Fun fun fun!
Now in that stage of guilt for saying some of the stuff I said/did tonight. Completely insane. What a night.
Thanks for including me in the Daily today.
unfortunately CA law requires a T7 growler, no others.
Catching up on some rest this morning before another really busy day preparing for this weekend's opening of "The Cup".
Excellent food and atmosphere. RT : Has anyone tried Bookbinders in Richmond?
#Chiefs sign QB Brady Quinn
People who weren't going to vote Obama still aren't going to vote 4 him after today, BFD. Everybody else better get off the damn fence.
Sitting under da dryer waiting for my hair to dry... Getting sleepy af
meeting Hiro From msr Tonight for a drink!
this guy is an awesome director!
cheerleading competition today :D
WHAT! Are you ok?
Rt @#iranelection Everybody in South-Korea please wear green tomorrow at the football match against Iran. COPY THIS
. Mine too but could be timing. Gotta put it out there while your peeps are listening.
as much as I'm not a country fan.. I secretly agree with you!
And today we added Bottle Tree Blonde to the line-up (we're officially over 200 brews for EABF!)
Philly's clue for the #LinkinParkScavengerHunt will be at Lincoln Financial Field, right? We do call it "The Link", after all.
The page is now linked with Twitter and Facebook. Unity is beautiful!
Silent stats class, this girl come in blasting Chris Brown. No one can think straight.
Just arrived at the hotel in Muncie. Now to get something to eat - I'm starving!!!!
TWITTER IZ ACTING DUMB Y IDK
Unfortunately, no...
okay now-that's kinda wierd...
DOA Sec. Mike Huebsch testifies it will cost $500,000 to remove tape at Capitol and $6 million to restore marble due to residue.
At school was deemed too academic, in real life too creative..
It's such a beautiful day here in Nashville! Loving the weather so much!
Stressin over shit I can't control is
Let's hope the NFL starts back up. I have a need for sports. almost time for it to start up once more.
okey know u think we are crazy sorry hihi.........
needs to do a Loranna Bobbit on little Jesse & put him down a running g arbage disposal
Can I Get Refiilllllllllllllllll
I vibe to piss em off & I know errday
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK,
congrats! You deserve it!
Slice of the week North Ave: BOLOGNESE!!!
so true my friend
My peoples gave me the best bday card w/ librarian jokes. Thanks you guys!
One thing that I hate is waking early.
I followed :)
Chilled spring aspargus soup-YUM!! Lobster rolls for 9 bux! Come see me @ the Y-CAFE. Open to the public 7am-6pm. Come see me!! :)
Fortunately, on Feb 14th I'm going to move to Uzbekistan where Valentine's Day is cancelled. via
shame on how u act wirh ya grown self smh
you're a sweetheart. That's good, the more love he- and you- have, the better!
Philly airport has free Wifi, I kinda love this.Still doesn't make up that I didn't sleep on the flight here. hah.
Hmm...post a new album to the site or go to sleep?
We're still navigating a move toward teams - some led by staff, some led by lay ppl. In reality, we drive a hybrid.
sidenote, everyone should tune into espn and watch my school lose to FSU. just sayin.
Perfectly perfect Colorado weather.
do you want to be in my vid?
c'mon y'all!! Go request DONT BE SHY by on Radio Disney!! Bless ur heart if u do... Bless their heart if u don't! Go now!
Watching 'Blow Out'. Wish I would've sprung for blu-ray.
Simply: yes. If you won't stand up for the serial comma, who will? /sarc
Don't worry bout the weather! We got Hot BBQ/Fried Catfish and the Muddy Udders Tonight. That will Heat Things Up! JC
We have a free shuttle to Dropkick Murphys after game. 2 for 1 drinks before the game. Are you attending?
I can have a vintage-prohibition-speakeasy-jazz club- Halloween themed wedding, right? That totally works...
my pants...
I love you too!
WE R BAGS BAGS R US
thats how we roll nigggaa, we know everything..
it's all good!! watch out... can become addicting...haha
I think everyone should give Jonathan Franzen a break. Hes a decent writer, who cares if he doesn't like Twitter?
Must be tough being a sideline hoe....no playing time
Wine with the Fleishman office, then calling it a day! TGIF
will start investigating; know if they're primarily a specific method?
Breaking: Responding to popular demand Chef Geoff announces opening of new Chef Geoff&#39;s inside an EXISTING Chef Goeff&#39;s
Hi! Its beens so long! I miss you. We need to catch up
if target does not have my book
That's the truth!
Oops! We've been neglecting you Tweeps! Whats' everyone working on these days? Hm??
Hey i am sad never RT`ed me she is my idol luv her:(:
Requesting , , and T.O. time immediately. I cannot wait until June 2.
The Youth Council, and our Collaboration committee, looks forward to working with and youth groups in Mke.
Looking fwd to stopping by tmrw to sign stock of I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL & visiting
Salon Design Tip: Color bounces. try to pick floor and wall colors that are warm. Warm browns, warm grays, clays, terra cottas!
Mitch McConnell today--Republicans will not confirm anyone to protect consumers; they will stand with Wall St. banks. Party of 'no' goes on
Silently Raging In Class....By Myself
All IU has 2 worry about is recent probation/Bobby Knight's shame & sucking for all these years.
My whole sunday is going to be devoted to nothing but homework.
Updated My Profile #swag Im Super Dooper Uuuper tired. #cool going to kick this besh out of my house soon ;D #lol bye
Momma's first mother's day in heaven...celebrating her at
Attn Summer Ball guys! What event is considered the best tournament in ur region - during the month of June?
Either be hot or cold. on or off. those lukewarm people does the most damage bc it catch you off guard
thanks for noticing homie. love you! a miami latina can play a white trash myrtle beach hoe too. see?
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
": Bummed "Smash" isn't a Friday Night Lights spin-off." me too!
If you're out of sight therefore you're basically out of reached like a missing chromosome anything that cant penetrate has 2 ricochet
smh lol next is fighting over pub
I have no clue what 20 degrees celsius is. America fails and doesn't use the metric system. What is it in fareinheught?
is not only an embarrassment, she (and her ilk) is downright dangerous.
TRYIN TO GET SOMETHANG GOING WITH THE VIDEOS & INTERVIEWS
Yes please.
Thanks, Allison! Glad you enjoyed it!
Turns out I'm 5th cousin (4 x rmvd) to Robert E. Lee & 3rd cousin (6 x rmvd) to Thos Jefferson.
I refuse to believe that. NO WAY he is dead.
I'm in for coffee if I survive the co. holiday prty
I would be ticked if I got a car that I paid for without even getting to pick out the color.
And some people actually like Romney too and are at his rallies, chanting YES YES YES!
Sen Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) discussing women & the economy v Rep Michele Bachmann (R-MN) on Meet the Press with David Gregory tomorrow.
Smooth all day and all night, too! Half price bottles of vino from open to close, and the Eric Jacobson Quartet at 7:30.
Love this song. Remember it @ Disco!
party in the f of x....
What if the people in the picture change for the better? I just blew your mind.
Jump on our carousel. Your great book deserves a good ride.
Vacations make me horny.
Aaaay I Gotta Rap To You Tomorrow About Grad Night
Livestock is $35 billion industry in
Movie night tonight!
No doubt physicists "observe" tracks on computer screens, but what made those tracks? Particle collision physics of what? Ships passing by..
apparently God knows is going to bust up Pacquiao and is asking him to retire instead of facing him
"sometimes people say my head is too big for my body and I say compared to what"
Shavuoth is next week. If you haven't submitted your 2012 March of the Living application you're late. www.caje-miami.org/mol
what up fam!
Having a gr8 papa day. Hope all dads are enjoying their day as well.
Library will be Closed this Sunday for Network Upgrades. We'll see you on Monday! #SorryHuskies!
"CHANGE always comes bearing GIFTS." ~Price Pritchett... You may have to look past some of the wrapping, but, RECEIVE with arms wide OPEN...
We're out of nutella AND orange juice....I don't know how to function
Yes!!! Please rain all day!!!!
RT To be generous of spirit is to place your trust in the flow of abundance.
Those air Max came out like February been #copped get yo shoe came up hoe
we are having the same issue! Trying to figure it out!
Listening to these people at the homeless shelter gossip about the others while they're asleep. Whadda Friday night!
You this read wrong. :)
I love British people!
If i die before i wake, i pray the lord my soul to take
meeting . Seems awesome! Super thoughtful. Franklyn & Marshall must have vision.
No kidding! Expect some rage tweeting soon. I don't do well when I'm operating in an environment I'm unfamiliar with. :)
Watching the Kim Kardashian wedding special made me physically ill.
Not a mess. Just crazy AF.
“: I wish I had time to get a cupcake from or Ugh!!!”
Time may change me but I can't trace time....
Congrats to on being called up from A today !!
Brewer time!
you have to download it (: it's an app for an itouch or iphone
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA. im dying
doesn't it?!! I just don't feel like going to the store. lol
if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly
Forget your password? We have you covered. At sign in, just enter your password and loosing your password or account is a thing of the past.
Yes, I do a lot of commercials. I think the age group is fine. Early 30s for commercials, generally mid-late 20s for film/tv.
Britt! I'm going Sunday with my friends if you wanna come with! (:
The is anyone up twitter makes me weep for the human race
Thank you for adding me. Always a pleasure speaking with you.
The Chipmunks The Movie Soundtrack
all in favor of "Just Friends" booty shorts for Lou and Harry?
Can you say furniture, telephones, collectors items etc available for bidding. We are ready to AUCTION tonight!
the worst part about living in Texas is the big 12 or whatever the hell they call it now
thanks for the s/o
me too. Somke is gonna get this!
Napping c:
Holy fucking nosebleed I NEED THIS GAME NOW!!!
thanks for the RT on the Pinterest post. Have you checked out Juxtapost?
i be the life of the party <3 cant wait till my bigg 18
good, I better be scoring goals like your hitting homeruns!! :) I'm so proud of you!! :)
guess I'm making a trip to VT for stickers.
Tickets are in for the March 10th show, who needs em? $10 for 21+
is this pool party something normal people can go to or just you VIP beautiful people? Also... is there a cover?
wheres that girl version of me at
I don't understand them anyday..and the LibertyUniversity speech should come with maalox....lordy...
it's still sending my phone trippin
Just had a great chat with about reading youth lit.
are the elevators not working again? They worked an hour ago.
Hey lovely!! Happy New Year to you! It's a New Year & that means COCKTAILS! No rush on the editing. Hope you're well too! xo
The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all.
So inspired by at the AdClub CMO breakfast this morning!
Be sure to Vote NO in the referendum to stop the #WisconsinUnion from putting a #GlassBox on the Terrace.
When I Talk To A Girl, Idc About Any Other Dude Trying To Talk To Her, Cause I Know Where I Stand .
i know so many people that go to the same school as you! dont think your off the hook for what you did to me!hunny this is just the begging
Craving hard now.
Muahahahaha almost to cruces. Kevin awaits.
Are u kiddin me! they have a website where u can buy followers...lol isn't that like trying to buy popularity or buying acceptability?
Thank you!
JB when you go in the Italy??
so pumped for tonight at w/ "rockin' with our city like a sold-out show."
Selena Gomez confirmed she'll be working on her fourth studio album later on this year. 'It will be the best one yet."
You just need to write that single “Pour Some Sugar Meat On Me” and the Troub will be blowin’ your phone up.
eating baguette sandwich. feeling like I'm in Oxford. Abilene wind knocks it out of my hand. reality check.
I've been watching talking heads on teevee, determining who is an alternating esotrope or an exotrope. Total nerd, I know ...
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Linked Data: preferred technique for those who know what they're doing
Steve Jobs affected me in many positive ways. Too many good things to list in only 140 characters! :)
shoot, I had my fingers, toes, arms and legs all crossed that I'd win! :)
Going to the concert this June for my bestie's birthday. I can't wait!
oh my gosh. I love Key of Awesome. :D
send us a postcard, we are shipping out the "opportunity kits" mid may. Fit Kits for long and short sleeve being stitched right now.
My pleasure! Looking forward to the soil project.
Congrats to for getting drafted today!
#RIPMCA We can all agree that this is like one of the Beatles passing on right? Un-Fucking-Follow if you disagree.
surprising that they made it that far.we'll win it next year hopefully
wiggle wiggle wiggle!!!!
a friend said he would stop by his son's school on the way home after partying & pick up trash so students will see clean environ
I hope I win lol... I won't though :/
RT :Its not the load that breaks you down its the way you carry it. Capacity is only built when you take on more to become more
yeah. The show's rigged.
thanks love! If you could also tweet a link to the giveaway video, that would help a lot!! :D
RT if you are ready for summer! :) x
Kevorkian is the one that helps you kill yourself, and Kardashian is the one that makes you want to, right?
GOOD MORNING BEAUTIFUL (now can you tell all the stupid people to shut up??)
"bitch it's blow job thirty" great...thanks baby
My party
hopefully your site doesn't crash tomorrow!
I sold 1 of the wrestling games. I can give u the other one for $12
Watching Idol....hmm thos should've ended after Jessica Sanchez
Booboo, you gon' regret this tomorrow. i got you in 1st.
who wanted children, or miscarried or had abortions ... There are mothers who don't know where their children are. There are children ...
You are your own best ally and your instincts are your best tools.
you make my day... Everyday. So hilarious
Oh really dtrix you've never seen such great moves from such young kids... I'm sorry do we not recall ABDC6 and the ICONic Boyz or?
Child-rearing "expert" Bristol Palin says kids do better w/ a mom & dad; More proof hypocritical nut doesn't fall far from the tree.
Your welcome. Aha yes french fry it shall be lol or munchies since he always get lmao
April 2012 Special – Buy 1 Belladerma Beauty Benefits membership, get a second one Free – Perfect Graduation or Mother's Day gift!
Had great first Emperor Concerto rehearsal with today and conductor Concert at #Murphy Saturday night!
