Seemingly coach's decision. He's on bench. RT : Why is Espindola not starting for RSL. Tactical decision or injury?
“ He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him, you miss him, even though you know he’s never thought about you.”
PETA would hate me in
Hackintosh dead. I’m sorry Steve, I’ll never stray again!
Ha, love the name! Yes it has been too long. If I can't make it, let's not wait until #notatIAsummit :)
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral on #CNN Marilyn Monroe, John Lennon, Michael Jackson and now Whitney Houston.
RT : #Songwriting Tips: Don't forget that a lot can be achieved on a one chord groove > great songwriting practice - try it!
Ok, I won't. I want the same.
thank you for taking the time to interview the boyzzz :) Means a lot
Chase will be a force to be reckoned with if he continues on his present path. Happy Holidays.
O I googled it and it looks cool! Will try it out for sure :)
Packing for my next two weeks in Philly!!.
Trivia: Jennings is called the "Garden Spot of Louisiana" for it's rich and productive farmland. Jennings sobriquet {nickname} became a...
chilin here at my homies house watching tv and drinking and hes pased out already
I just saw you guys at Tampa international? Confirm or deny!
Good Morning. They say if you do something for 30 days then you will be making a change in your life. Here I go! Day 1 starts today XO
going on a date is just a complete and total waste of time.
Yeah I know. They sound horrible too!
see how many specimens people can part with from their collections, n I'll get my grandpa's jewelry biz on it!
What you're experiencing is Cognitive Dissonance, your world view being blown up by Facts & Science. You're welcome.
whichever sounds the least like your current one lol
The lobos fans in the house definitely pulling for Montana.
Why isn't the Tumbler Tour coming to Portland? I mean, the Bat-Pod is a bike when you think about it. Portland loves bikes!
its fine where are you?
finally read M. Butterfly
I think I had one of those in Brazil. Do you poke the straw through whatever is covering the cup?
i don't go to the gym for one day and i feel like all my hard work has been lost
other way around dumbie.
Much needed rest day from P90X2. It's been a tough couple of days. Cant wait to see my bod on Day 90.
While it's a good question, I think they still want to build some hype around the fact that they will still be holding a card there
Was supposed to be here with I believe, but that show was cancelled :(
I am at that age I am too old for a smart phone,so I got a C+ phone. I think that was my G.P.A. in high school.
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch.
Follow artist and check out his blog at www.miracle16.com
I guess
Pitbull: I want your babies!
this is a great article! I am going to have to use it.
- Plz tour with This Romantic Tragedy Soon! <3 Make sure you come to michigan! Sorry I Missed You Guys Tonight </3
your missing out on some prime time awesome big boy pants moments
A river runs thorugh my front yard. Yep, it's pouring hard.
Nationals are a new team and need to build a fanbase with the area. So many transplants to the area root (1/2)
yankeeincanada: sla2010 had 74 followers in its first day! wins for guessing 50 - closest w/o going over. now day 2. any take ...
I love ya!
Watching Jennifer's Body. I wanna look like Megan Fox. Ohgeez.
still interested in partnering with SOS, shoot me a message and lets get some more India kids in school!
Bitch just threw out a McDonald's soda. It's 9am -_-
Which cruise are you all thinking about going on?
I'm wondering who cud fall for something like this. I'm thinking... Why would sum1give you money that belongs to me& not give it 2 me. Smh
Cleveland! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Are you EVER home? You are always on the road. Enjoy Chi-town.
I'm working 1130-6...come see me?
2 different types of people. Those who drink Gatorade for sports & those who drink it for hangovers.
Magic is on Mike and Mike right now talkin bad about Mr. Bryant...Horrible 2nd half of the 4th
It feels empty without you! Yesterday I even said " I miss brianna!!" and someone asked why I was like " she's not in here!"
Why does Subway NOT have ketchup??
Dang, I had a good nigght.
" stupid enough to except lies and bull..If u build ur Brand on Being "World Class" u better get it done on every level" exactly
Defending WBU belt Sat Feb 11 2012 at Patriot Center (opponent TBD).. looking forward to another great night... appreciate your support
i wish you saw what i saw..maybe then you'd finally understand /:
Heading to #sxswi? Look out for the iTriage Man, twit pic a photo of you and him to win a 2013 #SXSW experience!
You should probably untuckem after today's victory. Make the Deadbirds notice your prowess.
today is that day for me!
Brewers don't make playoffs last yr without Marcum but long term give me Lawrie. Cards will run away with div. I'm in hockey mode now
''Where's he gonna be, the Jenny Center? I built that.'' -- Papa Doug, on the Dalai Lama's visit to USD
Go Seattle Sounders!
#4famouswords GIVE IT YOUR ALL
#SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Ouch that hurts ):
Honda Civic Tour RT : What summer concert are you most excited to see?
Just had occasion to order a baby gift and was given the option of pink, blue and neutral booties on the pull-down menu.
Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge happens tonight; just one day closer to the weekend!!!
Hey girl... You think this Anzalone stuff is a publicity stunt? I'm trying to figure out what's really going on.
Performance went great!!(: now #leggo church <333
Headed for Torrey Pines PGA golf today. What a great day to live in San Diego and follow something besides football and baseball.
#NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.
The only thing that matters to me about the World Series is that the Yankees lose. So this is a great World Series!
Good point, but the article on CNN.com was 4 pgs of the same thing over & over. It's beating the dead horse, yes?
Fantastic, have you seen our webseries? www.chicosangels.com
good luck!
:'( thanks jess
true... Tell me about it
Glad you make could make it to the show! What an amazing start to Encore!
Things to do???? I deeply understand. I've got to pay bills this evening! 🌟
I had a PBJ sandwich
I like that that line also describes suburban America's collective 11th grade experience.
#ifitwasuptome every single child would be covered with health insurance. There's no excuse for kids to be dying.
Its... TANNING TIME C: My outfit from today is the leading to summer c:
Yes ~ thank you for being a part of
Happy New Yr, best friend! I'm so grateful to God for having you and in my life! I love u both lots! ♥
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
I appreciate it!<3
USC Grad's Second Chance to Make Olympic Team
Hey, I got me an iPhone! Got any apps you want to recommend?
yeah I'm good wbu
Thought you'd be interested in knowing that they now sell Capri Sun in Nourish Cafe. "You can't deny a person juice."
I'm all afuckinglone on my day off, & I love it.
some random guy called me gorgeous on FB , that was nice.
here to enjoy and be enriched by another friday HITsm chat.
Hi,is anyone from San Diego there?
gotta love katie she's seriously amazing
hey gorgeous ;)
RT : Decided to hop in a taxi instead of crab-walking all the way home from work. #SmartDecisions <--Lol
The Institute minimum wage model shows that those within the range of the value of the increase gain too.
Can't wait to see you guys this summer! It's gonna be insane!
dats watsup!!! ihad a game today so i missed it
Lady Gaga'd out! :/
Just had a sweet,sweet bath,and ate Villalobos burritos!Spain has to wait a month,or two!
Pugilist John L. Sullivan appeared last evening at the Bush-street theater in a beastly state of intoxication.
Romeo and Juliet starts in January for my 9th graders! Thoughts?
Giving Cinnamon a chance. it's tolerable.
Get Down or Lay Down !
Constructive debate sparked by Hadass Sheffer of #talentdividend: how sustain college attainment efforts long term?
Get em kansas!
the man and his music, the evolution of the man, is coming soon. stay awake on www.themanla.com
Glad to hear you like ‘em! Which bar is your fave? RT: Chewy Granola bars >>>>>>>
Going to west 6th friday night. Over/under how many times will i hear 'bass down low'?
Ok, I feel a bit better... I'm around 9 or 10 hours, too. Thanks!
Nothing is better than giving the gift of nothing... #MerryFloatmas!
#lyrisresults Where can I get this Merkel data? Do they publish a report?
At the same damn time, at the same damn time.....
i gotcha .. but i still shud get on yu and tyra head for punishing my hot fries
Have a great weekend! This means YOU!
If you hire a relative just to give them a job, not because the company needs the work done, you are looking for trouble.
Grizzlies and Nuggets gonna knock down LA
eating!! Come ASAP I miss and love you big bro !!!!
Marchand in Double OT after Holtby gives up a big rebound and Wideman doesn't check his man
Do what you love.. pursue your passion, purpose and vision God placed in your heart. It's the path 2 happiness & allows us 2 be a blessing!
A,WHOOOOOT? CONGRATS. lol just school and fucking school -_- i miss you too <33 :D
Y do cnbc news ask the softest of softball questions???
I can't root against CP3, go Clips!
Goodnight Farmers..hope you are all enjoying your Labor Day weekend, come by tomorrow, we're open 10a-10p! Strain of the day is Island Dawg.
everything is good in TriBeCa. We're gonna be tonight for After Dark!
James is my favorite too with Kendall following as a close second
Absolutely it is. RT : to see your hard work pay off, that's priceless. -rick ross
Misread a citation. I though Chris Walken wrote a study on Armenia. I thought, "Damn, he's so talented." Nevermind.
How awesome you are how bitch you are , definitely people will face you like ..... ?
While writing, I heard "that's a base hit!" I exclaimed "you've got to be kidding me!" Forgot it was the #Royals batting, not the White Sox.
Will Casey Anthony start to look for the "real killer" OJ-style? There are lots of good golf courses here in Florida.
I can appreciate all the things Tim Tebow has accomplished, but never has so much media attention been given to such a below average player
This Sunday at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square, come and see our friends the Red Hot Rhythm Chiefs for Jazz Brunch.
I've long held the deep belief that ANY year could be the one where Ted Nugent is either dead or in jail.
If you're in Los Angeles and lost your wallet near the Starbucks on Melrose I found your wallet but not the $58 inside it
Pretty sure the world is dissolving slowing. Who turns down a FREE show with Circle7 AND Eve6 on the same stage?! That requires therapy
I just entered the $1 Million Sweepstakes, and you should too! Check it out here:
Just about 3 months left though, can't believe residency is almost done!
Isn't that the truth! I've heard that the optimal amount of things to truly accomplish in one day is 3, yet we take on WAY more!
We want to wish everyone #HappyHolidays! Have safe travels and enjoy your time with family and loved ones!
Well, I know Volko (who designed Labyrinth and the new Andean Abyss) & would be happy to intro via email if you like.
Went to set to chat with Director and DP during lunch... Seven plus hours later... Who doesn't love a little impromptu 2nd ACing.
♨There's never anything wrong with me that a little chocolate can't fix.
Thanks for following. Keep up the good work on ! Solidarity!
lets see how this day goes !!!
haha, its fine.
worried about the injuries piling up given the short schedule we're faced with. it's just like last year. WTF!
thanks for the follow
You are now marketing to an audience with an audience of audiences says at
I look forward to it!
naw Im not gone make it...I'm still n atl
i miss you too baby mama!
lol hi i still exist.
One week until our next salsa class begins in Arlington, VA on 3/13.
Is a lap dance at a strip club considered cheating??
your so beautiful, love ya!
Yall need to get rid of the fake ass faulty Connects.....its reflects
Strongly starting to suspect that Japanese matcha green tea and wheatgrass powder are the same thing.
Is this at odds with fostering ambition of a child to find what they want for THEMSELVES? Not the collective?
studies show that giving birth has the same pain content as fracturing 47 bones at the same time
I've had bad experiences with them before though. Still, pay peanuts, get monkeys.
Ah we will all get used to it just like we have all the other changes....
Should be fine. Looking forward,
Heh. Thank you!
Studying for Spanish:/
CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Love is a verb. ~ R. Buckminster Fuller
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Good style.
Drove four hours southeast today to Bend, for my first glimpse of Oregon east of the Cascades.
Ah ha. I didn't know that. Smart move.
Don't be nasty all your life!!
#Humpday already? I'll take it! And that's what you should say every time you hear about $1 #Bartab drinks!! Why pay for over priced drinks?
Good advice. Clock's ticking on "The Brink's Job", too.
When your dad is on a conference call in the car and you can't talk <
lmao of course, coming from someone who's daddy owns one. One day isn't gonna put you under the poverty line buddy.
No matter what you're going through in life, there's always some1 doing worse than you. So be grateful for WHAT you have and WHO you have.
lmao welcome bestfriend And luv ya too and wanna do a business together ?
ok I think its safe to say you're limp
“: Mario Williams' deal in Buffalo: six years, up to $100 million, including $50 million guaranteed.”
is that your first show? I want to listen, forgot what time though.
im the only person who can get lost with a gps and then find my way without once it dies.
Follow us back? We love what you guys do!! Keep up the good work!!
thanks for the ff :)
I can relate to this, my husb is a univ prof. The system 4 selecting/forcing chair appts ripe 4 reinvention. wp.me/p1xS1Q-u
Time for #Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Saturday afternoon! Enjoy the game my friends, and let's make it a good one - Go #Bartolo!
sweet. Would love to swap Vim knowledge some day. It's always interesting to see how other people use it.
Perfection! See you Monday
I wanna do something ASAP!
It sucks starting from scratch, but its all with it in the end.
So sad. RIP Adam Yauch
just gave a truly inspirational interview on NFL Live, not about sports but about life n what it means to live a fulfilled life.
I knew I wasn't imagining things.
closer to 1mill
RT : RT : Never forget to write Thank You cards. Most people do forget, the small gesture will make you...
“: Come home and get put right to work cuttin the grass” yup
Thought I was bringing "a few" plants from my garden to GardenMart sale on Sat but done labeling and used whole pack of 50 sticks!
o ull be outta there quik fast and in a hurry
Thanks for the follow. Have you checked out our fb fan page yet?
Will Sexton now in the Jackson Room.
TODAY! RT : Do your hips/ knees hurt from running? FREE clinic with Dr. Maiers Fishers location 5-6:30pm.
It's been gone for so long I kinda lost interest for a while too, I just hope it's worth the wait!
I'm not supposed to miss you, but i do 😞
Early childhood gave me a baby
Most adults don't do this, yo MT : I would love if people could just tell me "hey I don't like when you..." like young adults
Hey, that's actually a good plan. I'm going after my monthly report with it now.
Jeanna, thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message.
Be sure to try some of MagicHat`s other varieties. #9 is on my "list" too.
I've been getting math help elsewhere since he isn't helping!
Surround video content on your pages with keyword rich text
its like 5+ new joints
black and silver, black and silver, black and silver
Idk what it is, but I love some Method Man... ;)
This is my new favorite picture of you of ALL TIME.
I think we should move out of state.
Thank you! And I'm so sorry I didn't make it on your show!! Another time?? SORRY!
I am so happy to be back in New Orleans! No other city like it. Now this is home... Love my city bayyyybay!
What symbol does Katniss wear in the arena?
Pursue perfection, but remember it's a long journey.
#positivityproject waking up to my two cats curled at my feet in the morning
I'll co-host with Craig. We will defile the SEC
Glad you're excited! We are, too! Thanks for helping get the word out!
thx u so much! you too! I am going to try & not panic during basketball tonight. really. I is! :)
how much for the beats
yeah, it was. Place was swank. Free food. Free drinks. Free mayor. :)
Fam, what do you have planned for the upcoming birthday??
You'd think the guy at the Rosetta Stone kiosk could speak English at least.
Is it weird when I guy looks just like his mother? Because I really do
whenever I'm done with school already:)
. Let's have a knock down drag out rock and roll party in the streets!
its all good lol but yeah its not me
No girl sucks dick but somehow everybody’s getting head. Dudes fuck "bad bitches" but somehow ugly bitches getting pregnant
See Catherine Breillat's The Sleeping Beauty. Skip the interminable mumblecore piece Green.
Oh boy someone went swimming with his smart phone!! Any guesses??
I'd never thought about that, but now that you mention it...
Hey all, follow my new band on Twitter!
yes still here :)
Congratulations! You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City. we will dm with details :)
Big girls don't cry! #dirtydancing is on abc family. are you watching?
Thinking about real estate video topics for tomorrows #revideo chat....
Thoughts feel disconnected, clouded, disoriented. More prone to depression and negative thinking.
Im gonna say we're close to FWB :p
#askjamie How can you make a nice tender steak on the stove top?
Wonderful! Thank you.
Come & put your name on it
Cruising back to #Chicago ! Wedding was a blast in #Indiana but time for a #cubs game!
a perfect day for Anchor Bar wings, I reckon.
Colleagues asked how realistically I was going to re-create those escapades... My historical accuracy doesn't goes that far.
lol. Yes I am haha :D its lunch then pd6 then end haha
This book is not to be tossed aside lightly. It is to be thrown with great force.-- Dorothy Parker
"Pray! Only powerful non-violent movements can topple those giants who still think they're too big to fail." ~ Solomon #OWS #99%
At "Teaching Intro to Digital Humanities" session
I need to be extra obedient till then
you should tweet me so I could cry and be a happy girl (:
Nice picture, beautiful people, great occasion!!!
maybe the chowder heads won't make the trip to Camden Yards this year?
Haha! : Phone call with a vendor and he asks me to slow down. I'm talking too fast? That's probably a first for this Southern gal.
Nice. Hope you enjoy the city.
I search on it apparently the msg seems to be getting around ppl's acct. Watch out!
Dear : your 900 number for night parking is not working. we have called 6 times. pls make sure it works if u want us to call in
mir(ror)ed
thanks for the R
Hitting the library hard today... Aka teaching myself almost a semester of work #welcometomylife #noworries I will surely pass Everything!
I grew up in eastern NC, so was often between Wilmington & Raleigh areas. (I have a bunch of old flyers from Greenville @ FB)
except for tumeric I'm doing fine ;)
I live in Va beach Virginia but work for a few companies in Dallas TX doing social media marketing. What kind of collectibles?
Thanks for the mention Kira!
Just got back from seeing Harry Potter. Not bad. Very good for so little action.
We're booked for secret live shows until July.
1st panel #acmYMS foundation perspective w/ & Comcast Project Open Voice
If Eurpoe uses euros shouldn't Africa use Afros?
Im so tired and hungry.
School buses to the rescue for car-less senior citizens
hope you are all right Miguel. :-(
o.O
Any bands in San Francisco we can hop on a bill with on June 17?
Why no voice? :( Just tryna wrap up all these projects! Will be done deal by 14th :) take a lil break + 3 classes in Summer
rhetorical question. Just for that, tomorrow I will tweet about 11:11 and one direction and mention you in ALL of them.
My bliss was writing and making films. Unfortunately, I appear to be on the brink of homelessness.
For tonight wrote her own. I don't have access to them. Sorry.
Lucroy trending after 5 minutes classic.
Riding around and getting it
Lying in the park listening to augustana and doing homework with Julia and my little brother. Life is good.
came in my room last night asking me where stuff at...if she wasnt my favorite iWould have told her some
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X3
wow this is crazy
now dying half of my hair blonde . . . .
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 0
I am gonna walk to the faculty meeting. I have a lot of feeling about a lot of things today and a walk seems in order.
How old is he now?
Nice. The only reason I got out of bed this morning was the thought of riding a pony head on a stick around 'Stallis at 5 PM
wade got kobeitis
I send you a handwritten note via UPS, and you reply on twitter?!?!
2007 Monte Carlo
There's never a time that "Carolina in my Mind" doesn't warm my soul. James Taylor, you sir are a certified bad ass.
10 minutes late and can't get in the session. The walk to the Sheraton was brutal! Grr.
“: MENstruation, MENopause, MENtal breakdowns, see? most of women's problems begins with men" <woMEN can't spell that without MEN
Bernanke speaks of global recovery issues. Recovery from what?
Sure does! Thanks for the empathy!
yea I am a long time Photoshop user, but like the Vector controls in Illustrator, but then Fireworks sounds appealing for a mix.
so my real worry about the Skype Facebook think is when I work from home in my jamies.
Too huggy? What does that even mean?
kick some modern rock ass! You're a natural. Let me know how it goes.
Oh so you claim to have swag? I bet that'll look great on welfare applications
you two should certainly connect re:the benefits of workplace yoga. Karen (aka Phyzz Yoga rockstar) is a pro!
Topic: known as the oldest profession in life, although morally wrong in the US, why does hookers & whores remain so popular? 9pm LATalkLive
Whatever you fear most has no power - it is your fear that has the power.
Realized Pres and + 1st Lady at new Lanford Wilson play, that's 3 major Bway prod with all African America cast in 2 years!
heyCheryl.. U ever hear of an educator for Meterology named Dennis Lambert
Welcome as the newest Educare school on Twitter. Follow them for updates on the first Educare built in a suburban community.
Pretty sure i failed the csn final
KARMA IS A BITCH
Currently having my ratchet hour and listening to my twerking playlist lmao yes I have a twerking playlist
today has been a great day to say the least!
Networking will take u far in life a bad attitude and hate will not
Last night was insane.
Oh I did? I couldn't remember if I sent one already. Thank you! :)
Keeping my eye on today is about all I'm capable of. And today, I think I'll go for a run. -- John Bingham
What is your leadership style? Does it reflect your values?
Damn I miss him :(
which is why a mercenary like Mourinho will never be loved regardless the # of trophies.
RT : Terrible call. DeJesus was knocked off 2nd by Beckham.
I really like watching the Grizzlies play when they're on their game. Just a good, young athletic team
Triple double watch for Rondo: 7 points, 10 rebounds, 15 assists.
Man im hungry as fck but i just dnt feel lik buyn nun
sorry had to find socks
Had a great day! Awesome weather, hope you all had a chance here in VA to enjoy it. :)
Ness: how to save $100,000? "Cut administrative pay."
my college experience was at least 61.8% moon bounce.
I'm never going to be happy again.
he said I had pretty hair. when it's long it's pretty when it's short I'm sir.
I miss austreams :'(
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future. - Zig Ziglar
told me that "everyone" is moving to LA. MY REPSPONSE: None of these bitches can fade me! They need to #Fallback and stay put!
:'( It hurts me so much that she hates me. :'( I am so depressed without her. I didn't mean for this to happen.
Such an awesome time in Seattle with my family. Good food, good friends, good times!
we do acoustic covers of songs by ~A Perfect Circle~. we make random lyrical references and comments about, um, whatever we feel like. haha
Why are we taking up another bill that does nothing to get our friends and neighbors back to work?
Jethro will be at the Brooker Baits Leesburg Fl.Grand opening Saturday Dec 10th. Come on bye!
Damn this office is freezing.
".. I like to watch police beat people." Lol.
you must be a rich, pretentious, prick.....
How would public school be if the was offered every morning like Channel One was with back in the day
thanks for following.
England's Dreaming by Cornershop is awesome...
#nowplaying Chemical Love- Charlie McDonnell; This Is Me album. Gosh, he's pretty sexy. :3 -Katy
I'm in desperate need...
sorry to hit so close to home ; )
Hope I'm in a better mood today then I was yesterday.
Real fathers always support, listen and protect for a lifetime. #Agoodman is not always hard to find.
Taxes. RT : Show Q: What do you procrastinate on?
oh my gosh,hi.We haven't talked in forever.I miss you replying to the dumb things I tweeted you c:
People are agreeing with Bob Lonsberry, what has the world come to?
Going to play some 2v2 volleyball now. Who's in?
Interesting! Did you read Tweak yet? I wonder what they would think of that
ha...awesome. thanks!
RT : #LastThursday on! 7pm Hat Slam in lot across street from RR, then performance from Night Flight Aerial on suspended wire!
see my Passions by K page on FB. I have beautiful accessories at affordable prices. I would really appreciate it if u could RT
Pshhh...; I don't have #tigerblood, I gots me some
Another reason volunteers are awesome RT : 2/3 volunteers give financially to the org they serve.
Touche my friend, touche RT : what designer don't u like? :-)
i loved your new tatoo !
NOT - Freeze Me (Freestyle) offical video ......... whats up another joint
Stand up guys! Not #TwitterOutcast RT ": Thanks man. About to walk on stage. I'll try to fill you in ltr."
It's Friday.. I ain't got no job...... I ain't got shit to do!
if by cruise you mean renting a small sailing yacht and cruising the Greek isles for a week, I'm in.
have you thought of so you can start making custom cereal a reality?
Sorry my ass lol i was jokin wit him smh ;(
I get lonely sometimes -.-
please follow us! it would mean the world to us! :)
Heart Breaking watching people let their power go.. But it all comes together when the child grows....
happy mamas day
time to get up and go get it you know WE don't sleep!!!!
The pollen trees happen to be all lined up around my office....
I love it when Boys of Summer comes on. That's my favoritest song ever.
presentation went very well. Good Q & A after, and lots of good discussion
Texas I couldn't live here
What does a Title I school do if it is not included on either of the 3 lists in the Governor's reform plan? Was this an oversight?
You are quite welcome. Thanks for being a fan!
which gal can bubble
No mam, we don't!
Morning everyone!
excuse my typo loner freak
In the process of creating new paint blends from #recycled paint!!!!! Stay tuned for the colors that we come up with!!!
No sweat, somebody's gotta do it RT : To all the gatekeepers in this world - I send gratitude
my thought is: FUCK YA! Amazing performers for late night :)
Let's go make some noise in the studio!!!
When I am constantly running there is no time for being. When there is no time for being there is no time for listening. -Madeleine L'Engle
Chuck Colson dead. But his spirit lives on. Jesus embracing, gay hating evolution denial, or Nixon henchman. I'll pass on both.
It's my life. I can #rage if I want to.
The Rat Pack is on the Wonder Pets and they are in fact actual rats. Awesome sauce.
Today's banquet of good tunes will soon include
I'm in Shepardstown, WV. Seeing my Tamara do her thing on stage in a new play by Tracey Thorne. It's a really good piece. Check It out! CATF
My life was built around the music i make listen and u will know me better.
r u watching whats on #MoviePlex right now
You've got great metaphors and much passion for your subject in your poems.
⌂ So pitchers have one bigger arm? I mean, it makes sense, I just never thought about it.
i have a lot of homework to do also... but im going to do it tomarw. awh im soryy ):
Just got home from work! Goodnight World
We do stock many transmission parts. If we don't have what you need we can get it. Most parts overnight.
for sure! I have a bridal shower next weekend.. Are we having a band this year?!
yes they are! Lol. Who thinks of stuffing a pillow with your hair?!
Who wants to text me highlights of the game while I'm en route to 's place to watch the Lakers game from his purple couch?
In regards to the big pot bust in Fairport, anyone ever have a dope deal go bad? 222-6000
It just wouldn't be comfortable to wear that on a horse.
My husband would love to go, I'm sure.
Using the word synergy in your press release guarantees that I will a) hate you b) not take you seriously and c) make fun of you on Twitter.
This is why I'm tired of going after guys.
S/O to Linden J. & Felicia Fefe R. welcome to the family!
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take. You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
oh nice! So do you song write or produce? Or both? Lol
Not in favor of the double steal attempt there. Letting #Cook off the hook.
#smh she got no home. She live on those streets white trash style.
For we are to God the pleasing aroma of Christ among those whoare being saved & those who are perishing. 2cor 2:15
Burning a tropical guava candle. Smells like summer. <3
QOTD: Yeah but the future is so five years ago.
are you at gdc?
“: Parents with young kids: Buy anything that Mo Willems writes.” // I agree
i can relate to sleeping with sirens lyrics! C: thats why i freakin love them!! and kellin"s voice is oh so cute C: <3
My mom is tthe best, she is going to go pick up my dad even though she hates him sso he can come to my graduation. She's the best. <3 :')
Just wanna say , the mashup for #TTYLXOX and something to dance for on DC is absoulutley the coolest thing ever!! <3
I wish my nephew would stop wrestling wit my niece. She aint no dude.
No, I Love YOU!!! I Love you like I Love BsB. It's true. I mean it. From the bottom of my Heart.
AH! It's the first time I have heard 's What Makes You Beautiful somewhere other than youtube a.k.a. sirius. #TooExcited lol
Yes, been worried ever since hearing of GoogleHealth. This is something that should stay with gov'ts or non-profit coalitions.
i feel ya thats how i feel every mornin
Thanks, my Wife and I will be in NYC from May 20th to May 23 to visit my Brother in SOHO and celebrate my Bday.
I want to run away with you. Actually, that's not true. I want to walk away with you. Running sucks.
No, tomorrow's regular gym.
Canon claims 5D Mk I light leak doesn’t affect images, offers free camera inspections
Omg so i was gonna tweet "I can sneak someone in,who wants to come over" and send it to my dad o: I ran into his room & deleted the message.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive A guy that respects his girl :-)
oh you know, just gettin my back rubbed. You jelly?
I would like to know the results of this homestead thing myself...
sexy hot bro, need help drying off!!
New relationships are productivity vortexes. Criminy.
Oh! I was talking about the one at the Pgh Zoo! Didn't know there was another one! Thanks!
new invention; invisibility cloak. However, I don't think the Klingons are very interested at this time; needs some work.
Memphis head basketball coach, Josh Pastner, is a Kingwood HS grad. The Tigers won the ConferenceUSA title today.
even a plastic cup. that's cute.
Cool. Let us know how it goes and what we can improve on. We're not #perfect, yet. As an aff. marketer, you have mad skills
but which one of u vag's has IU beating UK?
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -- Zig Ziglar
the pitchers can hit too! The offense of the future looks like this 1desmond 2werth 3 Zimmerman 4 laroche 5 morse 6 Harper
Its going down Saturday night #Juneau !! #word2thewize5 co-hosted by main event vs.
why dont you answer your phone ?
It would be nice if I put the date on the food drive huh!? It will be the 28th @ The Launchpad! 8pm! Come hang out! 6 bands!
Kentucky is the only program to have 5 different head coaches win a national title. (Rupp, Hall, Pitino, Smith, Calipari)
The Purdue COT at the ATC is the ONLY place to get CTI certified for a degree in Air Traffic Control in Indianapolis!
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some #zerg guy.
get in my belly now.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck for The Night of Notables. Soon to be Joined by The Zingaro and Make My Lunch. New Covenent Church.
Ha ha ha!! Ok tweet something good! Would like to thank Amy Nicole... his one follower! :-)
Got tired of counting our money.
your welcome :)
We'll be posting our FRIDAY OUTFT shortly! Who's ready for the weekend?? We're making sure all of our TIKIDOLLS ARE!! Whoo! :)
Don't forget those are photos of another condo to give a floor plan. Fixtures and everything likely nicer.
I can get +122 jam
RT A tired Milwaukee squad falls at Western Michigan, 72-61. Loss drops #HLMBB to 12-11 versus the MAC this year.
Just checked my fb and my cousin got pics sent to her on fb of some black guy. Did not want to see what showed up
Wow that is dedication but so great too. Busy is always good. I'm just getting back to blogging after a yr at this new job
I shouldn't laugh; that was probably horrible to clean up. :(
I saw him perform with The Chimeras after he was out of The Gin Blossoms. Sad story.
Haha I guess it could use some improvement.
yay! babe's interview went awesome ♥
Try oxyclean. It's magic. Serious
i wish u and your family well and god bless
Good Luck! You'll do great!! :)
The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU. Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far! Lol.
I smell a storm brewin.
My curating class is developing a social media-centered exhibit -we're looking fwd to following #musesocial this wk!
Quotes from clients along the way "you both have made a difference in my fitness workout due to your inspiration and talent"
": I see u AP! #follow" World domination has begun...I'm just saying....
RT : #linc starts with the Cal Berkley Glee Club singing on stage - yes! That's the way to start a conference. | Go Bear!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 23
Dude. Let it go.
I was beginning to worry...
Eva: "What is this music, Daddy?" Me: "It's the new Andrew Bird." Eva: "Angry Birds?"
well - I'm still jealous :). Have fun
you should probably bring that puppy back to KC.. I'm a great dog sitter!
Lunch meeting today with an existing client about expanding services... We love growing with organizations. ~Nxt
check the squash trio & the pumpkin mini + portobello flatbread n more
Morgan looked extremely uncomfortable at the plate, didn't he?
Sorry bout the Boys. Woulda loved to see the Patriots go down. But that's the Bills fan in me talking... :P
Opps. I got that from someone else on Twitter who got it from today's
help me find out where he iss!! I want to meet him soo bad!! But it's so hard to stalk him!! Lmaoo
Amunson I don't want you to touch the ball at all...plz!
If only got left in Jamaica...lol drive the car around
text me
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix Men & Promises."
as always, Thanks Lee.
Let's see how long he lasts...
Don't spit on your options if you don't like the ways things are right now. Excessive yes-buts can do you damage.
My grandma just had a birthday and shes still super healthy and aware.
I notice
75 degrees and sunny all day in LA! It's bike riding day!
Result was, people in Guam learned to emulate SANDAG. People of NC need to decide if that's what they want their mayor doing.
Player of the Year Anthony Davis from Kentucky best stats in a final four game since 1988...Louisville didn't stand a chance
I want to go to Indonesia so bad! It sounds/looks so beautiful! :D
rage is in order for this weekend!
This steak & cheese is right
Nice one! How about "Super 8?" only missing the "1/2" but it's not the size that matters, right?.....RIGHT?! (j/k)
MAD MEN just keeps getting better! (Sung to the theme of QUEER EYE FOR THE STRAIGHT GUY)
How can we improve on the content? We want to hear your suggestions.
Meh. A friend of mine broke his tooth on a sandwich.
“: Letting him know he's daddy during sex >>>”get to freaky ass off my tl
I'm on Skype! who want to chat?
damn that sounds amazing.
I saw no dragon tattoo on that girl
MENA!!! How was swim practice?
thanks for the follow, lovely! xox
The Silk Tie likes Thayvi!
A lil biased here, but Cincy Brass at Friday at 930 is a can't miss and free!
My office is across from a park. Watching all these people sunbathing while working helps me to know the traditional office is dead! dv.co
the hooch was fermented pineapple(rinds and all) piloncillo sugar,cinnamon,clove and water. Ferment and add beer for kick.
hm. Can u gimme ur picture?. Just wanna see
all my strugglin', all it does is keep me hustlin'
That awkward moment when u look at the girl beside u in the club and realize her dress is just as tight as ur pants!
i followed you, but you're not following me! x
When someone tells you to text them and you do, and they don't text back........ -__-
#ASTD2012 Level 5 leaders strive to be one fad behind
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
I braid my hair and it comes out even straighter than before once I take it out .-.
It's ALA Banned Books Week: “Where they burn books, they will ultimately burn people.” Heinrich Heine (in his 1821 play "Almansor")
Mom: stella I'm fat but I refuse to eat apples ! Lmao she's soo cute
Whoah, I was just thinking the same thing. Super excited that is following !!!
Good seeing the homie Luke Austin and last night
"The woods are lovely, dark and deep." -- Robert Frost
LOVE that book!
where tf did you get penis from?:o
Thanks for the add
One work week to get through and then VEGAS FOR 2012 with and more!
you need your account
haha that's the best thing ever. Thanks for your continued support! Slam dunk the funk!
literally ruined my morning....but that was the intent,no?
I can see us together on top. ☺
Arguing who was better...modern day Cash Money vs G-Unit
RT : Metta World Peace returns to the Lakers for Game 7, and what should they expect? - Yahoo! Sports (blog)...
I don't need asking
Where has that killer instinct gone from Lester?
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
that moment when you realize all the bullshit you put up with is actually paying off. I love that moment.
gym or laundry? why is the world full of unbearable choices?
“: RT : Sorry, Leo. You're unreal, but Xavi is the best player in the world. << Here, here.”- seconded
Yeah me too, who am I kidding
LITERALLY DOING LAPS. LETS GO. CANT STOP WONT STOP. RANGERS. THIS OUR TIME. OUR YEAR. BEAT NEW JERSEY.
Am I? Padres are worst in the league in swinging at pitches out of the zone. Amongst worst in p/pa & several others key metrics
At my friends house we are having so much fun!!!!!!!!( Hayley's )
Thank you Dahlin! :) What are you working on lately.
call it a curse, or just call me blessed. if you can't handle my worst. you ain't getting my best.
Reason #3 for running an #Environmental Risk Summary Report. You find out if your #loan may be delayed! Reccheck.com
Workout with me for Proven Results. Ask and of
So is Nunez fucking up again? I'm not watching the game right now. He's blown so many leads with his horrible defense!
Heads up for anyone interested: UK - Florida replay coming up at 10:00 pm on CBSSN channel 158 on DishNetwork (hopefully in HD)
Fuck what you heard ;*
howdy :) be sure to notice our bluebonnets - they recently started blooming. they turn long boring drives into fun :)
Aww, thanks. You're are the best.
It's so damn depressing that you even had to cast that vote.
Craziness in Culver City...headed to the Pubhouse, Dresden, Domination in Los Feliz... Join the Madness!!
I'm too practical. I factor in how often I could get there and enviro footprint. Curaçao? No...Georgian Bay. Ibiza?
As if I wasn't obsessed enough washing my hands all the time before. Now I wash them even more because of my puppy.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
thanks for the RT and getting the word out!
make that two times!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u lie to my faces n I knw ur ass lien to me
Some mcdonalds worker followed me out of mcdonalds today ,...
Great to meet you at Luster Pearl this week. Looking forward to chatting again soon in Boulder. Cheers!
Even though women earn only 10% of all the worlds income, they invest 90% of it back into the community.
read the story this morning..loved it! nice to see people making a difference
heh! My daughter would love this
With my FAVORITE #rolemodel #inspiration #champion ...just got to get her sharing her humor & genius on twitter
Receiving spam emails from names like Adalberto and Augustine make me believe that spammers are just appealing to my inner medievalist.
hey guys. We are sponsoring bus trips up there
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. --Buddha
thank you :))
Just got an alarm for the trash. Watch out
Another crazy #Easter done!
haha! I'm with you there. I did try some from alien skin that I liked. Mostly because I miss my old slide film.
“: Why create lists? Sort strategic audiences, compliment your public lists participants #amasalunch” do you have lists?
red bull won't, but fruit consumption will! :) MISS YOU
Why am I reading fashion reddit and why do they keep suggesting empire waists like the goal is to look like Elizabeth Bennet/pregnant.
both pitchers running up a No-D each! Go !!!
RIP Taylor Swift? really? wow
yeah ok ma
Feeling like I have been slacking lately and not working as much as I normally do.
1st time I saw them live was on the Check Your Head tour.The show was so insane, people were doing flips off other peoples shoulders
I make a lot of dead dad jokes and I worry that this may be offensive to some. But, having lost my dad, it's how I cope.
“: Sigh !!!”feel same way
you spending time with your mom?
You mean that didn't happen when he signed on to do "The Voice"?
About to get my haircut
A boring, boring artist...
New premium tea line in my head. Prepare to be blown away by something that's good for you.
I don't even like talking on the phone. Unless your my parents, contacting me for school or shows, or a business partner, don't call me.
RIP Donna Summer :-(
I like Roenicke but is he too soft on these guys? The best managers are demanding & they switch things up when they clearly aren't working.
why you didnt tell me you was over there smh im slick mad now
Surround yourself with progress!
you taking Jet?
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
package came in the mail son !
happy Valentines Day!! Do you celebrate in Nepal?
The New Website is LIVE!!! Check it out: www.21daypurificationprogram.com And...I'd love to know your thoughts on it...
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT Lol
you and me together, we can make it better...
In an interview with ABC News, President Obama said today: "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
In Life You Always Win & Lose... But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
What film idea would be perfect for YOU to make? Could you star in it? What WOW settings are in your area?
14 months past Stage II diagnosis. Surviving & thriving!
It was great talking to you today! See you in July!
Awesomeness -- happy to help!
awe, thank you(:
Yes(: Were having a barbecue/pool party for my mom!! <3 its gonna be a blastxD
thanks for stopping in Liz! Hugs!
Liking Baylors uniforms
there's more coming in April along with a new Proprietor's Reserve beer: Wookey Jack, a black rye ipa...§ucaba comes in next!
Interesting case study of user-centered design #ucd for local Austin Energy company
Penn State presentation at #iappsummit refers to "silo of squirrels" to refer to distributed nature of academic environments
One would think Weeks could at least make contact with an off speed pitch by now.
Just got a confirmation that i will be playing at the F.A.M.E. event on August 3rd. More details soon.
Got me a new haircut and highlight yesterday . Feels awesome after long thick hair. I'm a new woman! :)
WOW, #ENTOURAGE WRITER DOUG ELLIN ALSO WROTE (1996) 'PHAT BEACH'. LONG WAY.
Did you know love has no definition....
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
I don't care what the world knows about me... just as long as my parents never finds out!
I'm not touching that. ;-)
now that issues like that r insta-sharable & spread like wildfire, maybe ppl r thinking twice? would b good 2 compare states
Robo dwarfs - a true manly pet.
Happy birthday!
Why were u keeping beer in the fridge?
Don't say you hate the reference from the Buddha and St. Augustin. I've seen you. You quote Coldplay.
-- you're funny! Can't wait to see your report
mention or add wveyone for $$$$$
Its hard when someone special ignores you. Its harder pretending that you just don't care.
lmao Mrs. Fentress yelled at us for painting our nails :( I put on 1... lol
Man....... What a loss!!! Lobos have done a great job this season.... We almost had em! Much love to our Lobos!!!!
The only tailgate in America playing She's so High...
Yay to 80 degree weather Boo to school.
Im in walmart in jersey and I just thought about the video vinny made lolololol maybe he's here LOL WUT?!? I wish
Please don't dress like a slut unless you're really a slut. It's very confusing to us guys.
Indianapolis Colts Expects to Sign Luck Soon
Saw a plane crashed in the town my ex lives in. First thought was "Damn...hope it hit her." Am I going to hell? (My vote: no.)
RT : Patience is the key that unlocks all situations that seem impossible.
Friday ends kinda blah. I think by the end of the week my brain is torched.
Hello American?
Apple makes record profit - Dayton Daily News
Kunite was a battle between me and this other girl for first! The fight was fierce! I kicked her to the head...
how about the gift of a new hobby! :P
Thanks for the follow, Kathy!! Merry merry Christmas!!
I guess Kony 2012 is the hipster cause dujoir.
Whoever the bastard was that decided day light savings time was a genius plan, just know, the whole world hates your ass (especially me!)
Never. And I don't know many folks who do.
im bout to remake that song,just the hook part tho...
Awesome to hear talk about his passion, expertise. Professors don't get to share their work often enough.
Everyone walking over to American Philosophical Society for 2012 Haskins Prize Lecture.
someone should make a cover for a Pierce The Veil or Sleeping With Sirens song c:
I'm sorry I don't have any money, my friend bought me a has brown. XD -.-
Keep the faith and just keep moving forward
Harden you suck.
I am not giving away my #PinkWig LOL! #HappyWednesday xo!
thank you for all the work that you do.
RT : Tim Lott is about to take the stage with Jason Wood from in room #8 at the
Thanks for the #FF!
Well can't have a TV in my room this summer. Everytime we plus a TV in the circuit blows. Almost fried my 40 inch TV!
I love my element case it's a damn good investment to protect your phone
Getting ready to have lunch with my dear friends from Michigan who surprised me at my gig last night!
Unfortunately, the giveaway wrapped at 4 pm. But there will be two more in the very near future!
Women, how would you feel 'visiting' your children at their father's house every other weekend if your husband decided to divorce you?
Happy Networking Twitter! Follow UR Hollywood.Biz! We follow back!
Sure will - hopefully no crowdsurfing injuries in Pittsburgh
same here. Probably more of an American tradition...
Nice 2 see that Java FYI Coffee is on the table the boiler room shut down n time 2 catch #TMZ need finish Limbaugh 2nd book
had a great time speaking at Jefferson Middle School!
In 2010, I lost 3 people to #cancer, it was a hard year. I support & others
": Cool! is going to give $36K worth of Georgetown courses here at #usinno" (MN: but without the homework or tests!)
Oh, Arcade Fire was onstage, too. And Mumfords in the house.
Out of the hospital and headed to load up all the stuff. Cbus we on our way to
Belief is most of the battle - We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together. - Walt Disney
Our health expert Becky will be hosting a 30 minute Twitter chat with the hash tag #ESHealthChat. Get in on the chat on April 6th at 6 p.m.
yay! Book club! ;)
had a great time at the rally today. best atmosphere on the mall since the inauguration!
“I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.” Phyllis Diller
PROCLAMATION CONSOLATION INTEGRATION VERIFICATION REVELATION ACCLAMATION WORLD SALVATION VIBRATION STIMULATION CONFIRMATION PEACE 4 WORLD
Last night's show at Home Resource was a blast! Thanks to Eve, Tamera, Katy and Lizzie!
Wet panties & moist sheets when they think of me.
Ok. I am so ready to move to Hew Haven. Like, right now. (Remind me of this tweet in January when I'm dying of hypothermia)
do you want like a sparkle one or a picture?
If you settle for less you always be lees.
When you least expect it imma be your worst nightmare :) GOOD #Luck#
Script for episode 3 is on lock!!! Just need to secure a location and shooting can begin!! thisdaysucks.net
YES. I love a warm butt.
You can only give yourself so many pep talks before you realize it's weird that you talk to yourself so much.
Tacos are two dollars. Tecate tall boys are two dollars. Vegetarian chili is delicious. Everything is rad. Come party!
yet still not scrapped... “: Bravo's new "Gallery Girls" reality show renamed "Modern Girls"”
Absolutely! My head is spinning with new ideas. Much appreciated.
i know yo' fake ass ain't saying shit. just sit in the fucking background flake ass
Re-reading Informing Innovation: Tracking Student Interest in Emerging Library Technologies at Ohio University (A Research Report).
I've learned that it's usually not what I think it is, that triggers me. We grow, we grow. Pretty amazing, this trait focus.
If you like girls basketball you should b at the potomac gym for this game.. Atmosphere is more intense than most playoff games
I'm volunteering. I'll see you there.
"He who breaks a resolution is a weakling; He who makes one is a fool." -F.M. Knowles. Happy New Year from Del Mar!
AMEN! RT : Don't be a woman that needs a man, be the woman a man needs.
YEAH! Isn't that awesome!?
no really, she's alive and well in jersey, it was a misprint
Lmao, are you hurt? “ First Oprah now desperate”
Major issues w/ the School's #Comcast internet service. #CustomerService is of no help. Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
Help us get to 400 followers! We're only 9 tweeps away! The more people know, the more people we're able to help.
Hi Cristina - Thanks for the follow. Great wallpaper.
When will we be able to purchase a "dreaming of you" pillowcase with jason segels face on it?
Cafe Lulu in Bay View is good or one of the Mexican restaurants on 5th. maybe a schnitzel at Turner Hall?
So lovely... the sun is shining on my porch. I'm starving... it just might a night to play hookey from table tennis... just maybe...
I'd update my blog, but I'm so tired that I could fall asleep right now at 8:40pm. You kids get off my lawn, ya hear?
HEY IMPROV ASYLUM! Let's get some #singleladyproblems going and get some people at our sneak preview on Feb 4th!
Chanting at #scotus - Los inmigrantes! Somos importantes! Arizona! We got your back!
lol You're scared of me boo boo! Soo shh :P
Imagine:Austin follows you on twitter then he dms you saying, "Hey, want to meet up sometime"
Movie recommendation is James Caan in "Misery"
Great. Thanks
"We. Do. Not. Have. People. Like. You. In. Our. Area" I saw an episode yesterday.
Love it! Sources: Bo Ryan has blocked the release of the NFL schedule
i seriously can't wait till i'm all done with this court shit, it's so damn annoying.
See....I told u that everybody is gonna want to hang w/ us. Even on twitter they come!!! LMAO
I Let the rain wash my worries away
Driving through Louisville at night during a power outage is strangely eerie. I do not like it, Sam I Am.
screw u
You could compare team totals as well as individuals. We need Pasetti to get on this.
On my roof with the moon eclipsing over the city skyline, lighted capitol, and early mountains.
Think about this, if they were for you why would they try and talk you out of your blessings for making you and your family better!?!
-____- im such an idiot.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 28
I beat the pussy up, up, up, up, up, up, up..
Feel free to bask in my glow
#milwaukee Fun wood Fact: One acre of trees removes up to 2.6 tons of carbon dioxide each year.
hope you have enough strength to fly home Falcons
There are certain times when public opinion is the worst of all opinions. ~ Nicolas de Chamfort
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hannah Simone, Milan Bertone, or Gugu Mbatha-Raw...I would willingly and happily accept any of the three as my mate for life.
Nothing is #impossible, the #word itself says 'I'm possible'! ~Audrey
In Europe, coffee was once paired with rebellious political movements.
Let's get dinner tonight?? 5:30? text me!
no, no. That is actually an old technique of mine
I sure hope so!
mp3 or CD?
oh my god this is so terrible. Racism racism everywhere..... wat.
Just got the key to my dorm room but no roommate yet....I hope she's not a lame
- #kloutforgood and should totally team up! where do we start?
Bering peer pressured to stay the night X_X
Watch the body tilt when you hit the head
"Gemini are extremely independent. They will not be pinned down by anyone or any rules." Yep that's my baby and I love her 4 it
We try to ask ourselves how we would want our pet treated.
You're with me when I'm up, then you quit me when I'm down. Oh well, wussup WORLD!
thanks mike nice to hear about your workout
Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O Lord, you know it altogether. Psalm 139:4 💜
Venture Capital and Jason Mendelson - Music Business Journal
Bruh, we was chillin tho RT That nap was a night ruin'er
Sure insomnia keep me up even though i have to be in 5 hours for work
MRI confirms #Hawks Smith has sprained knee, doubtful for Game 3
I agree with Madeleine - I think a web accessible version would most likely be sufficient for most people
Indeed! Nothin' better than winning with the 0.5 of a spread! Well, I suppose MegaMillions would be, but...
want some right now
I'm going to go rest on now, good night :) ♥
That amazing moment when you type your homework on google and you found EXACTLY what you need.
Thanks for the shout out! <3
I love Red Mango! I always get pomegranate yogurt with pomegranate seeds & blackberries. What about you?
this needs to stop lol #Spring come on already ..
Anytime. Especially when it involves skiing squirrels.
need to get this 99 Grand Marq somewhere to get fixed.
guessing that's not the 3rd installment of the wahlberg/luda film
GOD Morning everyone!! If you are reading this please say hello!!
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. Keep smiling. #attitude #sales #business #faith #family #
no. it's manual. you have replace default.css with classic.css in the theme/styles/ directory
Basketball Is Dope Af Bruh. Thats My Fav Sport. Im Ready To Play My Sophomore Year. Imma Be Killin That Shit Like Goku Bro.
People who hate on stoners are no better than any other haters
Huh? Why is it bad that Obama likes Jon Stewart?
Hingham too? RT : RT : Both #mbta scenarios proposed include elimination of ferry services. Anyone take the ferry?
haha ikr?! I love my friends and im gonna miss them when i move to Washington state..... But at least its close to Canada :P
Be careful of what you wish for, you may just get it....
Today in #film #history, the Wizard of Oz debuts in 1939, starring Judy Garland at only age 16!
Were you as into Lego as I was as a kid? (And okay, I still think it's pretty cool).
We love your stuff. Buying LOTS for a party on Sat. Any chance we could score t-shirts for giveaways to revelers?
Who is going to win the Battle of The Cowl?
was that you who said hey to me? lol
and sit at school wahhh.
#idol Josua Ledet one of the best ever on AI.
Indeed. That much win will wear a person out.
! Pssst... this is new little venture. You should follow us and all the fun!
Lots of spectators in Lourdes
“Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history, or science, it is killed.” Joseph Campbell
he can be a little poop sometimes but that's ok because its his loss if he leaves me. I'm perfect. ;)
goddammit. that is not ok with me
Instagram link is down.
it's been a blast.
thanks so much!
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable. - Jim Morrison
That's exactly how I reacted in 1995 when I was diagnosed. Never heard of it before. My "trigger" was an abdominal surgery.
pretty much - happened to me all the time & I used to take it to Sony repair place in Georgetown-not sure if theyre still there
Hope all is wonderful!!!
You look so innocent!
Politics should stay out of the bedroom. People should be able to marry whomever they want. A blessing from Washington isn't necessary
yeah... that will never happen!
Watching my spanish Shows in mexico Hahaha I'm so glad I'm back cuz I'm tired of watching the same old novel as back at home (,=
PEOPLE ARE LAUGH SO HARD CAUSE THIS BITCH IS SO FUNNY
“: When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.” so true with professional colleagues too.
I'm so disgusted by the Old City beating. It is unbelievable.
It's hard to compete when there is no competition.
RT : - what a great day!
EAmets nah but for real ! Lmao two edible arrangements. Made up names on it . Even claimed one was from a patient -_- you are not young
just finished a week of focusing my mind,body and soul.
Aw. Feel better!
What was on the other towel. You are the funniest person I wish i knew personally. <3 ILY. Shout out to Evin!
Chillin Listen To Music Since It Is Still Rainin Outside... Tryin To C wat Ima gt Into Dis Weekend>>>
"if something's broke, fix it. dont throw it away" best advice ever.
If wins game 2, series goes to 15 minute minigame 3 immediately following.
THE #1 Thing People Do When #Drunk Is Have Sex Or Drunk Driving /Dizzy Walking
Good blog post. I prefer to post on or near the pub date whenever possible.
No problem :D
Thanks for the follow Randy... Ioved your blog, so relatable :-)
Will do :)
never followed u in the first place.....and I really don't care to....
the video from Lamar was beautiful !!!
isnt it rude that in interviews with 1D zayn isnt able to answer a lot of qs? its always liam talking -.- shut up and let the hottie talk:D
J.P Arencibia puts an end in sight as the Jays take their first lead of the game in the top of the 16th inning 7-4
Running at VolleyBall practice today, I hope it rains. ^.^
Great soundcheck for tonight, see you at all Paul Hall at 8! Don't forget to check in on #foursquare for merch specials.
When I'm a star, my film contacts will always stipulate that I'm allowed one scene where I cry to the song 'Perfect' by Pink
Has 9 programs to prepare for & 6.5 hours this week to get ready for the first 3. Tried working on them at the CR desk. Pfffft.
co-sign what the tall weather dude said. Thank you!!
Meanwhile, on #GameTheory front, word is the director, in need funding for postprod'n graphics, is prospecting for gold in NV
hey thanks for the follow and Ur really hot:)
Things going so well! We've written 2 songs, finished another, and arranged a fourth. So excited for all the progress!
Hiya Todd!! Thanks for following me on this little thing called Twitter! =) Have a nice night!
David stern should allow this trade to happen. The NBA owns New Orleans, but they don't own
what said is heteronormative not homophobic we often conflate the two
I saw a fat girl with a damn Guess shirt on so I approached her and said " 380lbs?"
um there is now guy
A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson
making popcorn reminds me of, popcorn machine :)
dewd yea it is!
haha its not that bad.
Haha, I think I got a headache trying to follow this. Like that Friends episode, "But does she know that you know that she knows?"
Don't let me get in my zone!
probably a hard one, Money because it's Mon thru Wed
That is what he is concerned with!!
Sitting here with hungover....Irish Breakfast and #PunchTopMillerLite got us again lol
BROADCAST ALERT: Ohio State at Miami just announced a 7:30pm kickoff. TV: ESPN.
Yes... we will be pouring #HopSlam on Monday. We love you too Cheers!
#PartyMemories Daniel Zwibel's house...R.I.P Dan i miss you so much bro, im coming to your grave soon to burn a phattie & take a sum shots
If u chase him in a black nightie, he'll have sex with you and then he'll run for the hills
im not i been stop and this is the first time i ironed my hair in years oh and guess what?!
Jess, not sure if you're following the Walker corruption probe but all of that happened while #RancidPubes was chair of
HIGHLY ETHICAL.
if my Klout score is a 75 will you follow me??
#iUsedToLikeYouBut U wasnt THE girl I thought U was !
Upgraded my iPad to iOS 5... loving the new 4-finger gestures. Such a small addition, but they make navigating the device so much more fluid
looking for Greg Oden highlites. looking. looking. i mean, he played 82 gm career, must be a FT airball sumthin/sumwhere. looking.
Black Jacques Halak!!!
Back on my grind fuck what them niggas holla
#Caps fans, let's have some fun. What was your "WTF" moment of the season? It can be anything. Discuss.
i missed u. how are u
You can even order online! It's amazing.
It's ok if you back it up with real chocolate on my doorstep. And I'll do the same, dear. :)
“: hey mama! How are you?”hello lady! How's u're injury, all better? I'm good--see u at Blogfest?
Microwave rice is still cooking right..?
We are looking for topic suggestions for #FAchat. What do you want to discuss with financial aid colleagues?
U may be smarter, better looking, and more talented than me but i bet im better at passing judgement on smart, attractive, talented people.
I'm not sure where that dot says I was... but I'm in Montana now... I love traveling but it will be good to go home soon :-)
will I be able to install paid apps I've brought in cydia for free again through your method?
I was at a Marianne Williamson lecture and she said it is best to forgive and forget. Cuz if u bring the memory back you are...
Trying to sleep at normal time so I can wake up for work ... In sure this won't last long ...
no need to cry, we'll be back next week!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens. Psalms 8:1 KJV
text me if you go lol
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
What a pleasant surprise!! Happy New Year Gladys. All of the very best to you in 2012. Go Vikings.
oh I love a challenge- just signed up for a 5k in a week. I also just realized I can stash water in the stroller sweet!
I'm exhausted. I just got back from Illinois and it wasn't really a VACATION because I didn't get to relax, but oh well. Back on twitter! :)
Looking for home sweet home??? Call or stop in today 858.279.7410
Not to sound cocky But people #love me #Imthetruth xoxo-Rabbit
omg they are so mean
is reviewing the article that is going to make its way to the press shortly :-) Can't wait to share!
i cant wait until my acting dream come true im just going to wait cuz one day its coming
Two free blocks in a row
I just went on the biggest rant about sabrina cause my dad wanted to order from the homemade pizza company- which her family owns.
Wat happened to the tape?
Xavier just texted me ugh yes so happy. <333
pardon me if this is alame question but what's "twitter exchange"?
I'm down.
you sure did chick!!!!
hi I'm ur biggest fan I love you Sheldon 😁
Conscious Consumption..I dig it!
you always have a home here man, we luv ya
Nice! My sisters were born 23 and 24 years before me. I was a surprise ;).
Great photo!
Haha! Work'm like a charm too!! Really appreciate you aging along! : )
Breakfast on hawthorne with grammy.
its always good to be different cause it makes that one only you are, not follow like every one in the world does, be Glad :-D
How is that not game misconduct for boarding?
Nissan Canada announces winner of the &quot;Nissan Innovation Challenge&quot;
It was freakin hot at dance tonight, she had it on 80 degrees and i was already wearing a sweat shirt and yoga pants
.. 7 werent actually, but we will be by tomorrow
It's in April.. so not yet ;)
Is their really a specific time? Can't we drink coffee all day? Itd be a happier & more hyper world.
Southeast where u have to keep it steppin cuz is treacherous !!!
RT : You want to have fun this weekend? Just remember W.W.R.D. What Would Rihanna Do?- lol
Storage for the night. We weren't allowed w/in sight of the State House. We'll be back in an hour or two, stop by and say hello!
it's okay don't cry
It was just asking u if u'd like to b a part of an international list of #diastasis experts that I'm building on
Redemption ~ in the memory ~ of a summer soft night
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going. -Napoleon Hill
And so it begins! Writing sessions for the new project! Stay tuned for more details!
Makin big moves today
whatever the price, the end result would be priceless.
I'd like to include En Vogue in this reunion too.
Thanks! Wow, great timing. :)
But not Dimon? Yknow, the boss. Nonsense. MT “: 3 top JPMorgan execs to resign over $2+ billion trading loss, sources say
Any skaters in the Gwinnett area, visit "fresh 2 deff" on pleasant hill. Wide variety of dope ass DGK decks, trucks, wheels, etc.
so. this guy wants me to go to edgefest with him. and he will pay for my ticket. ah. i feel so bad! :(
Thanks so much!
new screens up means tons of photos posted via bens #iphone & #android app daily! #dctech cc/
What’s that smell? It’s the freshly ground and roasted Indian spices. Coming soon , Klay Oven Kitchen!
Owen Benjamin is funny af nice stand up props my dude! Hahaha 😂👍👌
Somebody has to go polish the stars, they're looking a little bit dull
I <3 Sunday night tv!
send me your email
miss you too my seester! Wish I could spend Easter with you & the fam:( have a great weekend!!!
Homeland Security warned state police that a recent Al Qaeda newsletter suggests terrorists ought to start fires in the American Southwest.
good morning. I'll be in ATL this week. I'd like to connect with you if possible.
nothing man fuck it
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch #Indy? I'm thinking sounds good!
Thanks for the RT!!!
wow are you causing those stretch discoloration marks on that ass? Nice !
Hey, guys, has finished #fiftyshades so you don't have to! go check out her excellent tweets.
I'm a guy stuck in a girl's body. All these pussies needa grow some mothafuckin balls.
Women prefer men who have something tender about them - especially the legal kind
Coming today for #freelunchfriday? We're excited to host another cool #milwaukee meetup at our office today.
Tuna fish casserole is at least as real as corporate stock
Girl , he's nothing in my eyes . smh . ctfu . it's Like he cryin out for attention nd conversation im not in the mood for
I think I like college sports because they are low scoring but have high intensity.
Sorry I have been neglecting twitter! Haven't felt good! I did relize that I just might be a cougar...lol!
Has a fun conversation w/bassist Roy Cumming last nite on how both of us used to rehearse w/Chick in his Queens basement. What a blast!
today he was a beast
Snl needs to burn that last bit that Eli did!!!
I love the PR team at the office. No one else would discuss furries over lunch while stone-cold sober.
he's tested three times a week cause of his past different from others
Yes, Perry is moving up & Santorum is on the way down.
I think the caller caught wind of your comments re Braun
what u up 2 this weekend. thers a strawberry festival at peddlers viallge wanna go w me?
Ain't no support in the midwest
Poor sick baby will not eat or sleep.
Got bank questions? Come to SMGW's SE Office today and "Meet the Banker" from 11am-12pm.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
yes just search up his pic on google images BUT HES SUCH A SEXY BEAST and merryl streep won best actress!!!:)
The journey is the reward. Chinese Proverbs
Heat, Bulls, Memphis, Thunder, Clippers, Lakers, Celtics, Spurs, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks, Jazz, 76ers, #RT If You See Your Team
A great group of people to represent the NACBM…how did I ever make it to the finals?
Stuck in traffic! :o(
real faith in Jesus is not the modus operandi in NYC so topical sermons about basics is actually a huge feat. There were very
lol, I've been stuck on the baseball game, but I've heard a lot of complaining so you are not alone
Tip #4. Participate in activities you enjoy. Always start with warm-ups to get the muscles going. This stops pulling a muscle
An important job opening: RT Position open at the YWCA for a Director of Sexual Violence and Support Services: bit.ly/j3pzWG
but secretly you just wanna see the pirates play
3rd theme park of the day. Time to experience Busch Gardens Howl-O-Scream!
Happy Wednesday Stinky Fans!!! The weather around here is BEAUTIFUL today, go out and enjoy it with some Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!
I want him to follow me
Havana is to die for too
kinda like ol four names Benjarvis green Ellis etc
baby steps toward success: at meeting on unrelated topic, prof gave props to our IR and suggested more faculty need to get their stuff there
older than that?
Hey Cory - You've got some great music! We're trying to get a hold of you, but can't find your e-mail. A little help?
LETS GET ICE CREAM!!!!!!!
OMG...that Scandal finale was off the chain!...
Like I like it, I'm just chilling.
How is it possible that I feel this way for you? I can't get over what we had. I can't accept that you've changed and moved on. I love you.
badass adventure club. : D
Thanks for all the RTs !
Great! Will do! :-D ENJOY THE RETURN OF RELAXATION!
Beautiful! Congrats to you and both!
Aw, shucks. it'll be a little less fun without you. :)
The beats are rockin, the drinks are flowing and the beautiful ladies are out!! Get down to The Fly!
Oh Okay
I really fall asleep while showering or doing normal things like brushing my teeth but once im in bed i cant sleep. The fuckkkk
I love Brooklyn.
I have to compile ours and vote this week. I suspect we have the same vendor.
I dont know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you...
love wine and cheese :)
In this life you do not know who is real friend & who is #FRENEMIE!
Words to live by I'd say.
Quick news: Apply for the Kinect Accelerator program - Microsoft Press - Site Home - MSDN Blogs
Gosh I wanna see the vow. #givesmegoosebumps #channingtatum ❤😍
the movement is in full effect! It was the topic of discussion at Silk's barbershop this week.
Toothache is gone. Temporarily. lol.. Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry. ;)
Why do people say beans beans the magical fruit when beans are vegetables?
reading a book on different #types of #poses for
