Please no more snow in #Dallas!
Good Lawd you got body for days...
Your constantly on my mind, it needs to stop cause I know it won't lead to anything </3
Wow this Duke/Ohio State game is good
Thank you mama :)
FlowDaily is official!! Send in your pics!!
Hate when I mix people up...
I am pretty sure Hellen Keller would have done a better job playing Debra messings son on smash then this kid
You must be the change you want to see in the world -Gahndi
it seems that the publishers pay for the archiving service. No library contribution is a direct quote.
My over/under for The Avengers - $130 million. Are you going over or under?
Thank you! We're glad to be a part in such a powerful movement!
I love you so so much <21
lmao I figured but idk you had a body... lol
I guess I should try to squeeze in some semblance of a blog post, too. This is me trying to sound busy, folks.
I was offline for 10 minutes and in those 10 minutes I DIDN'T WEAR A DRESS. horror! (But thanks for sliders & fun! French Meadow!)
Justin has grown up so much. ~sob~
Oh my god you are so gorgeous. FML for real.
big hugs my friend...the first one is the hardest.
don't forget he had DMAC... Take him away and half the receivers and it is more like 2-8
Oh man, sad stat of the day from FOX MLB, Josh Hamilton has 4 more homeruns than the *entire* team
Why is it so freaking cold in the school???
Don't think of it as lying. Think of it as "changing one's mind." ;)
is lacing up her shoes AND her bells for another Jingle Bell Run 5k with Meyers!
Incredible!!! Dr. Barber speaking truth and dropping knowledge. I would love to belong to his church
Get familiar wit the name
TODAY! Linda Rosenstock, MD, MPH and Dean of to moderate panel on Women in Medicine research commons
#crapnamesforpubs What about McCrackin's and instead of the golden arches, its the golden buttocks as a logo. Shitty idea, I know :)
yeah u knew im bored:o
Lol! RT Dick Clark dying is just #InAccodanceWithMayanProphecy since there won't be another New Years Rockin' Eve.
There's an 8 1/2 inch tall mirror with "Brad Forever" written by Franco in lipstick, a wallet size photo of a dreamy young man.
#Sarkozy defeated in #France. #CarlaBruni, no longer First Lady, singer OR model, to take logical next step: memoir & line of handbags.
will be in the house tonight! 7-8:30. Bring your questions for the expert herself.
yea ill b up ther b4 u n wen u goung to get da dirt cake fo me:-)
- Enjoyed it all! Just love the high-risk, dangerous maneuver of adding in the Star Wars music.
I love some of 's tweets. In a nutshell, just be quiet of you can't be kind - or at least constructive.
buy them all at a wholesale price and sell them for $1 more each, I'm sure you'll make more than 10G's!
Life is a highway!
RT : Nestle CEO: "The more local your supply chain, the more stable for your business" I like this.
I'm sensing mixed emotions...WAIT, WHAT HAPPEND TO MAKE YOU GUYS FEEL VIOLATED?
People tell me I already think like a man. I wander if this movie is gonna mess me up more. Lol
thanks guys!
Happy that one of my favoritest people ever looked me up on Twitter! :)
i dont wear affliction, even with these big huge muscles
If Facebook's statistics are accurate, almost 6% of the world's population (6.8b) is actively using the site (400m).
Gamecocks up 1-0 over Citadel after 1st. Jordan Montgomery pitching for Carolina.
I miss you pooh bear ☺
holy crape how do you do it
It's a beautiful day for #DigIN11. Join me for great Indiana food and drink...and be sure to stop by the Speakers Series tent!
When life hands you lemons, stick em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
no fair were was my invite -_-
cool , and the frightners :)
46 degrees today... are you kidding me!?
Listening too: 'Assimilations' it makes the day better & is one of my favorite albums in the last 5-7 years. 'Dope girl' is my jam
That "Fuck Yeah" Moment when you win/complete a game..
HAVE A WONDERFUL 2011 YEAR. WE ARE GOD'S CHILDREN. IF WE JUDGE OTHERS, EXPECT TO BE JUDGED. I SEND YOU LOVE, PEACE, JOY AND GRACE.
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest & protect our climate. Veto the new Forest Code!
Mama, I get off at 12:30 from work. How long you gonna stay at spin!!?! I needs some jiggly in my life.
cool, thanks!
that one's extraordinHARRY ;)
Will do! Sounds like a great event!
YES! Nyjah Huston is the new #Xgames Gold Medalist
Thank you!
Anyone have extra St. Vincent tickets for tonight?
Try Samuel Smith stout or winter welcome ale. Unibroue's La fin du monde is pretty good too. Pricey but worth it.
Something in the back of mind was telling me I should've taken the rest of that crawfish pie home with me...
At work bored as shit
If you think THIS tax debate is political, think Bush tax cuts. They are set to expire in an election year.
Us too Olivia!!! Hooray see you soon.
Looks like our site is all good to go! Sorry, ladies.
I thought I saw that u were following me but I guess that's only in my dreams
Nice work today Bucky Badger!!!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! We enjoyed celebrating your success! Hartman is a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
Lmao i would die before i listen to something that involves "Zelda" !
Had a lot of laughs at work today with Scott and Isaiah, they are fun boys to work with. Nice break dancin moves...
No Shame Theatre is up for Saturday night. Rehearsals start on Monday for Paradise Lost. Busy busy. Making art.
It Would Be A 143% Perfect Night If Tweeted Me Back:']
And he's a Capricorn like me 😉!
awesome work!
i was gon watch that the other day but i changed my mind...but since its recommended by you i might try it...
Yes, the photo is of Kwanza w the winners!
supply & Demand my nigga.
Monica was just inducted into the International Thespian Society. Yep, she really is my Drama Queen! :)
#GoTribe Happy Easter
doesn't get off until 6pm, so I kinda started a #fail idea on that one
More physical lib. than MacDonald's in US, reuse of phone booths for self-serviceable Bks w/ RFID
Your not alone :) RT: Ive never been to chipotle
One word frees us Of all the weight and pain in life, that word is Love.
And physics = math.
Just a couple more hours until we rock We play the FPL stage at 6pm! #Simplified #Sunfest #Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock & Roll!
Sorry about the bad news, RT Thou shall never drink Mike's Hard Lemonade
and the black-rimmed glasses?! Wtf?! Looking like some nerds! Lol
Agreed, the roster math makes no sense otherwise.
Ok, Monday. It's go time.
Playing truth or dare right now. I had moon jersey from my hotel room.
Wish you had stuck to your plan last year of exercise & eating right? Don't think back, just forge ahead now. Your body'll be happy alright.
can i pet charlie when i see u at warped tour in denver? :3 i love pitbull's
A surprise from AND ???? I THINK YES<3
that sucks:/
Gentleness doesn't get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs. -Coco Chanel
Your Going Crazy. (;
i dont like this amanada, i dont like this at al
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE
And more windows in Van Ness apt. I don't know what to do. Location or space?
You bet! Thanks for sharing!
SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
thanks for the RT
i can't wait to skype tonight! you better now be #awkward again!
If you haven't already got one, I can get my hands on a Barbie for you.
Good Morning Twitter....
What Magazine Covers Really Say About the Stock Market - The Market Oracle
ATTENTION EVERYONE. CHECKOUT MY NEW REALITY SHOW PAGE ON FACEBOOK. "CAN YOU SPEND IT?" JUST FINISHED SHOOTING PILOT. PLEASE HIT "LIKE"
Thanks. Me too. (I trust that all are safe and that this is just prudent safety precaution.)
no no no, I don't want to talk about taylor hansen
you didn't look for me in the stands like you said you were going to. :( i was front row outfield. by you.
I love having my kids home #weekends. They give me all kinds of stand-up ideas. They're terrified of spiders. What kid isn't? Perfect!
And it is #ontothenextone for the
Do you have a responsive website for your social media strategy?
I like your style, gentlemen! Keep me updated on future developments!
you're too young to be such a prude :9
Same here! Woke up too early. #Naptime it is. ": This girl is sleepy!! Taking a nap! #saturdaypleasures 😄😄"
I know what I'm bout to do isn't a good thing.
tell your mom ill go shopping with her next time she goes.
Sounds like it's right up my alley! I'll be sure to get a copy!
I have the worst #springfever ever. I want to play hooky. Who wants to head to the beach with me?
Teaching students how to research (w/ tech) allows for better learning, better understanding, and well-rounded projects.
Hey ! Are you listening? RT : ...Apple needs to add trackpad support to iOS to keep pace with the Atrix and other. YES! YES!
I am truly saddened at your unfollow. Are you the alter ego of Rich Fitzgerald?
Back to bed. I would if I could. lol.
"On top of Old Smokey..." What song can't you get out of your head right now?
I am extemely hungry, so I am going to get me some healthy food. Only have 15 mins to eat though
my mother is in the hospital :'(
I'll cut ur weiner off ! Start bck playin.": just cut me with her sharp ass toenail"
Well, guess it's good to let that be know. In case other's questioned. and more helicopters. Not too productive today.
Videodrome is the smartest movie ever made about Facebook
totally agree. Nothing is worse than people who hate. Maybe they are just insecure or jealous ;)
I wanna see you sweetpeas tomorrow. Please tell me what time you play? It can't really be at 8:00, right?
Thanks to all supporters! Day 3 of the wailing, we are wrapped!
prob. too much violence.
. can't handle me because I'm too into my twitter and my phone being out of its case. I just want to be on top of the
If the NWAACC is going to use Pointstreak, then all schools need to understand how to use it and post scores/results in a timely manner.
super pumped for tonight's dome, but more excited for the final! You and CT have been my team from the beginning! Good luck!
Nice! I wasn't sure if anyone would know what I was talking about, or just think I'd been having too much rye.
Stop whining and enjoy Paul McCartny. You might learn something about music.
Nut up or Shut Up!!(:
sorry just had those open on different tabs! had to put them up
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
I work for Disney
You Legacy-what you leave behind is not what is engraved in stoned monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others!
That awkward moment when your school is under a bomb threat and you're more worried about your phone and makeup exploding than yourself.....
Our hen egg , parmesan, wild oregano and olive oil pizza is the perfect way to kick off the weekend! Happy Hour is 10-11PM tonight!
Having such a great time working w on the forthcoming #IntheArtoftheCity event. Celebrating the culture of Los Angeles!
finally confirmed for my double major
I followed:)
You cute, you cute ;)
Its bcuz niggas is on the DL smh. Its a lot of soft dudes now
lol these freaks on my TL
Just as soon as I finish Imagine (and I'm 1/2 way through Cialdini again). Too. Many. Good. Books. :-)
can you pls send your dm again?.accidentally hit delete :)
Feeling kinda adventurous. This may be the beginning of a period of rule breaking.
I would love to go paperless but it keeps crashing whenever I try to scan a multi-page document. Sent a help request 2/17
Incredible talk w/ team of Mathias Klum + Johan Rockstrom. Science advances so fast. Knowledge is key to change
Any interest in attending a Lunch&Learn about #socialmedia in #education on 12/14 at Minnetonka HS?
Yamasaki, thanks for following!
whatever P ! i aint FAKE!
Have to be different, in my nature! Doing well. Needed your camera last night for pic of moon. Mine stinks! Have fun at CP.
Thinking about the lunchtime canoeing tour as a surprise for some worthy downtown fellows. Have you actually tried it?
y'all better werrrkkk(as my sis says) and win that home game on Monday 😄 I'm rooting for you guys woot woo!!! 🍀🍀🍀
just called 5 fsbo's for viewings and not one will show their home...no wonder the homes don't sell!
Damn my arm is sore.
Last day of Miami boat show, tomorrow it's Nace party then the Sobe food and wine
Will you be giving an artist's talk or anything similar? Was singing your praises to my LA friend
Her Dude A Lame As Nigga Ha Time Ta Switch Up #NOBandsHA!!!
Interesting, we teach digital filmmaking, here in San Jose. Everything from DSLR, RED shooting to post production.
OH RT this Then Check Your Mentions ^_^
I am so tired, I am so tired of this place I need to get the foo foo out desperately.
Thanks for your commitment to vote no on this crazy bill. The sponsor has been rude to all who reached out to him to oppose.
Hey Erin, hope you had fun!
horrible headache.
I hate when a guy just randomly sends me pictures of his dick..
"The only people that tear happy people down are those that are unhappy." ~Haley James Scot
i like waking up to your tweets!(:
I am so very blessed and thankful for the life I have been given
we gotta link up tomarrow yo.
I just put 8/16/12 as the date on my homework…
thanks! Glad you liked our project!
yeah if you're TALL ENOUGH
our own about to pitch about #fundcrowd at
HELL YEAH!! ELLIIIIOOOOTTTTTT
every new hire gets a visit and I eat the albacore stack and end the lunch by saying "stay classy San Diego"
you win! I will follow you now... Dm me your size and address!
I need to stop reading in bed.
Jamey Aebersold Workshop start in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen - grab your axe. we'll be jamming til 1:30
Just ate 10 eggos by myself
jizz on both of you :)
The only thing exciting about this day is the Heat game.
Getting a hair trim later to get rid of these incoming split ends 💇
RT POR too much from the outside... Dre Miller and Bayless gotta get to that paint...
if you have to star out a swear, then just don't even write it.
I send you listing? It has the most amazing carpet EVER.
I love my brottthhhhhaaaaa
Sorry to bring your hopes down but in this case it's wrong lol
I sucked at #boxing tonite - no more #bitchassness !
Exactly why I haven't tried yet. I have a feeling it wouldn't go well!
Girl, i will help you get some Nicki Viva Glam, I'm living for that color!!
We are working on a "Super" new project for....stay tuned......
sorry to hear you can't make it to this year! Save the date for next yr, 8.16.12! Enjoy NYC!
all of them r my people. u stick with victory, Phillip, Marco friend, the dude from SOK, & SoSo
Myth- #Cosmetic #surgery is only for wealthy people. Truth- There are various avenues for financing, which makes it possible for anyone
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fuking love song, I'll be sick
hahaha before I lose me accent and forget about the lonestar state!!!
Agreed RT : RT : cost is the biggest hurdle to healthcare
I won't call you old, because thats rather rude, but just know I was born his senior year. will you be makin the trip to #RFK ?
Marching SB toward the immigration march to meet up. No borders, no nations, stop deportation!
Go State and Shaun & Jennie Miller!!!
Our greatest fear should not be failure, but succeeding at things that don't matter.
Does Alex have one? And ya'll can come over too to watch them.
no really a or b
RT : ladies im shooting with tomorrow! Yall better get with the program!!!! He is one of the best
you only wish.
Which indicates I'm not that big a fan. LOL
I Need A Replacement
This kid pisses me off
Found: cell phone at a café. Anyone with information about owner please call.
Whoever made finals start on a Saturday at 8am should fall off a cliff
It's pouring and I have to wait for the bus to take me home today. I guess it's time to buy new business casual shoes...
I would like to be drinking a bottle of Franks Hot Sauce right now.
How is everyone today? It's so #hot outside! :(
So jealous
Speaking of which #dataprivacyday soon, Jan 28th
I still have my harry potter 7 2/2 3d glasses.... actually i have 7 (:
Risk authenticity. Risk needing each other. Risk friendship. ~JR Kerr
Let me know what you think of google +, thanx...
Happy Halloween to all of #Pittsburgh!
Having our weekly staff meeting with our newest member, Jeff, who is an Anacostia resident. Our family is growing! :)
atleast you're in the same dang country! :P its more likely he'll come to somewhere near you than me! :L
sometimes you gotta lose everything to get to where you need to be
RT Having waited so long for 72, 73 came quicker than I thought. I feel ambushed but very happy. Happy B-Day, Coz!
Anyone have an online stream of KC vs RSL
"Excuses are like buttholes. Everyone has one, and they all stink." - Motivational speech by my boss this morning. Way to get us pumped.
got the 08 cab as a gift
We've updated our infographic to fix some date descriptions. Wanted to let you know so you could update your post, cheers!
Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go till we're gone, Love was when I loved you One true time I hold you
I just bought the winning Mega Millions lottery ticket. Like this and I may share my winnings with you. But probably not.
if you still say '69 is my favorite number' you need to reconsider your existence
follow me back! its alisha from adworkers!
yay so did Bulls!
I've never ate a frozen pizza and not burned my mouth
can't wait to try your wings!
oh i got a life a good life
#nowfollowing life of a dancer... #gracefully among other things...
I'm ready to do another show... I need to perform again!
Yeah. WTF. Seriously. No one say anything potentially embarrassing over DM. I had a bunch of DM fails too.
hope it was useful!
Choose Your Next Words Carefully....... Seriously
hurry up and open already!
Now I'm finished apartment hunting I can get back to some good old Info Literacy...
open houses this Sunday, stay tuned ...
Im so fucking happy for you right now. Woow thats soo nice. Do u ve to take a course this summer?
2012 is the year for Illuminati , && all you fuck heads that be throwin the triangle up & thinking illuminati ain't real. Yeah your Fucked!
Mama, I will always turn to you.
i knoww =// you know whats so cute!!! you call me too see if i wanna go for a jog lmaaao love ya
Thank you, Barbara - I hope all is well!
okay id i not get the memo about class not starting @ 8....even tho i got here @ 9..but still the class aint even open..
“I’ve been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.” Russell Simmons
hm.... I wonder what show is going to be about and if it will be as good as
I really need some motivation to do this homework ......
I swear, everytime I talk to my friends in school... Everything that comes out of my mouth sounds wrong. Jeez, I'm so dirty.
Tickets and hotel finally booked...Vegas here I come!
#RumpusRoom always has build your own beer flights so come in anytime and check out what we have on tap! Thanks for the RT
haha. So how's life? (;
If you enjoy entertaining, you may want an open plan kitchen that allows for more social interaction between the kitchen and other rooms.
beat my DICK wit ur FACE
Entire family loved the concert on Sunday. Really looking forward to Blue Note tribute in Feb!
RT Big Z is looking good through 3....time for the #Marlins to score some runs
Indiana Pacers 27 Milwaukee Bucks 27 End Of 1st #pacers #bucks #nba (Via )
AFJROTC news - Jay Silver Eagles & Clark Silver Valor are national champs in their divisions! Brandeis Lady Broncos are natn champ runnerup!
That's amazing!!!
I read Hunger Games x3 as a narrative of resistance to state authority and to language of power. Surprised how few others seem to agree.
I cant hold back all these haitian niggaz.
Still on the lookout for great Oklahoma city bands! Go to mybandsnextstep.com and give us some leads on your favorite!
Call your mother!
Sucks when ur laptop breaks down!
"Bang bang" (Pusha T Voice)
check out the new reviews on Let me know your thoughts on "don't you trust me"
“: An old QB oppsosed 2 a young one? Jealous of Tebow?" so an unproven young qb should start over an older HoF qb?
#GoBlue - Keep shoelace in the shot gun..
today is #fluevogday must. not. go. online. to. buy. more. fluevogs. than. the. twelve. or. so. pairs. I. already. own.
how you gonna front on A-cups like you wouldn't still request private conference #huh?
hey how are u bestie :)
I am going to lose ALL my vacation time to the surgery. :( Not exactly what I'd call a "vacation."
Really can't believe it's snowing right now.
All I wanna do in this world is make my mom PROUD
Do you ever sleep? LOL!
It's so cold here my breath was freezing to my mustache to make a mustacheicle.
Beautiful Seattle sunset approaching. :)
Happy Friday:) Starting off the aftersoon with some DonQ..um..hope the club has it in stock tonight!!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to
nah I don't feel like driving all the way ova there
I declare today Mambo Monday!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. ~Epictetus
I was just messin. The unseen & dudley's stuff. Those get regular play... Not to mention ynq
Dude, but Nanda is their daughter too. They can't take turns to baby sit, and stay with Nanda? :/
This is all getting very hard to stomach. The excitement of the 2010 elections is waning FAST!
What is your English grammar pet peeve?
What's Good Cuz?
Dream chaser 2 >
On teleseminar w/ and Cari Cole
and I thought Wrigley would be the worst...no one went to the games
she was so cute! Very well spoken too.
Is Goin To Sweet Tomatoe's
Couldn't have said it better myself!!! LMAO.. “ GM!! Our future looks very Bright!! Lol”
Looking forward to watching on CSI ep "Turn, Turn, Turn" on Spike TV today @ 2PM & 5PM ET.
Bluffed off some to Ryan Fair! #Woops 118k going into last level of the night (500/1000). Feeling good! Average is 73k.
Looking for a great charity to help? Check out ! At the very least give them a follow.
I just finished watching Fast Five FINALLY. if it's action anything like that I can't wait!!!!
Great first performance of this piece in #Colombia, though. Only going to get better from here.
Your anger is misguided at a player who has busted his ass the last 45 days and are vilifying for momentary respite instead
Happy 235th Birthday To the United States Marine Corps! For 235 years, United States Marines have earned a privileged place in our...
BOOM goes the dynamite!!! RT: : I worked 6-6. So now what?!
I love double xp -_-": everytime someone says Call Of Duty, i just picture "OMG...DOUBLE XP WEEKEND" *jacks off in corner*"
Love it: “: Get rid of the excuses. Quit waiting for things to change so you can be happy. Choose to be happy right now.”
Fuuuuuucking shit didnt even realize you were down here
Huh? Does that mean wings later?
ah, gotcha. yo, i'll be in there tomorrow for the Karmin deal. i'll give you a hug.
haha shoot I can say it to you if I want ha. Haha AMEN!
Great. "Sara Smile" was playing in liquor store where I buy my lotto tix. I'm gonna have Hall & Oates stuck in my head the rest of the day.
Happy Easter Weekend #RVA!
🙌 RT : S.0 to for linking to make this MTV shit happen #gettin it done
Let's go Mavs! Let's smash the gas on these boys! #DAL vs
When you take a break from the mind chatter, suddenly the world filled up with the richness of song. Sonia Choquette
And all I want to do is just crawl back into bed with you, where under the blankets, we were safe in our own little world.
Go Briana!!!! Tell the truth! So glad u didn't inherit your mom's cray cray.
Tune into WQED Pittsburgh today at 7:30pm to watch Pittsburgh 360 and their special on the OPERA CHAMPION OF PITTSBURGH competition!
No problem. This weekend should work. Hope you had a great weekend. What's up with this rain?
you see the Braddock news? Stetter will be back in the bigs in no time.
Anytime!! You got it!! Thank you so much! I agree...We most definitely have to chill soon!!:)
Give Marty an #oscar for that reaction
Agreed. Nice of MS to do that. Good for veterans good for them.
Your welcome. I'm ready for tonight too:) More amazing fashions
It is nice to have them visit...esp for my girls. They aren't worried abt flooding, but want to go to fish camp. :)
Nah. I'm cool w/ the north side. You know a spot? 6:30 works great.
What address?
maybe this summer sometime and that skinny shit don't matter when they a mma fighter lol nigga kicked me n my nuts and some mo ...
I don't wanna go to school!!
Ronald Reagan float in Rose Parade? Ghost of that dim-witted fraud still hanging around making people think he was a good President?
Guess I thought wrong : /
Done and Done that 3 sealed the deal
So Justin is probably missing Selena :) aww she probably just left or sumthing and he misses her already :) his so sweet :')
awesome work! Will more HD footage make it to your blog?
josue's pipes burst
that makes me feel good... Ya know i always had a feeling! Ohhmg that soo funny bc sadly he is our first and only lol
HUGE PIECES OF HAIL!!!!!! went outside to get one, and like 500 hit me on the head :O oww
"Pumped Up Kicks" is stuck in my head.
hi, no way to find U on FB,so here's the invite to party on 16th ck with JoeyLman on FB, hope U can come, I'm Dave from iQuit
Great sax player to follow -->
Very Very nice of you !
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when you have asked out 100 times everyday and she still hasn't said yes
Our program is designed to awaken the super hero within by motivating audiences to #GiveADang!
And im gonna start being one of the eyebrow penicl girls :)
Yes please, bring on the #POD12 Twitter Team Awesomeness. Thanks!
you're very welcome and thank you!! tell your friends about us! :)
true but some ppl say he suck ass
Hangin wit tha fam fo a bit till I head back to SD, love my fam!
I have never been a fan of tyler perry.but his speech @ the funeral made me a fan today!!!
I volunteered at my mom's in high school. My job was just to play with kids, and, as a man, not hit them. A first for many. :'(
man I love that kid! :) mwah!!!
Mizz is just a jump shooting team! No inside at all
yeah, 3yrs old, that's crazy.
I know.
CONGRATS GIRLS! SORRY I WASN'T IN THE VIDEO! BITCHES DIDN'T TELL ME ABOUT IT! I LOVE YOU TONS! SO PROUD!
I thought Klaus was a goner for sure last year and he lasted the rest of the next Season! So I won't count Rick out yet!
who sings that song on belly i knoe u know lol
I wish it would just stay winter
yo tengo a oh, sleeper, a past unknown, haste the day, the devil wears prada, impending doom, i the breather y otras
Testing a tweet.
so freaking jealous!
This is why I rarely go there, even though they are near work and right across from my gym. #delicious!
thanks for following me ....lets work together soon .
Hey there you. How are you doing?
Don't miss chatting it up with the boys on Primetime - tonight 5:30pm PT.
I am not tired 1 bit
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. Aristotle Onassis
They say every rose has its thorns. However, every thorn has a rose.
⚾ Baseball is finally here! ⚾
Rip kenny
Australian radio > American Radio
#DASER Borgia "the bower makes the female comfortable and she can always leave if she doesn't like what she sees."
interesting, I didn't know that
One of my favorite movie quotes from all time. With his last breaths, Angier tries to explain to (one of the) Bordens some very simple truth
a program where bands can win $500 in Taco Bell bucks to use on tour, and also get to be featured bands on festivals, etc.
Suddenly this #celtics game requires my undivided attention. Someone watching the #redsox let me know when I'm due up.
"A Lovely friendship should have the determination of mirror which never loses its ability to reflect even it is broken into Thousand...
good idea!!! I'm not hitting 1k tweets till Orioles next win!!!
Let's GOO
PGA TOUR/lsn360.com Keegan Bradley at EXTENDED 18 riviera country club California in bunker now
Tea & Lemonade
I would recommend our DeeThree model. You can find it on Amazon or through our site. YinYang is designed for the 7 inch tablets.
that's outrageous!!
That won't be happening at #barcampabq or (likely) an #ignitenm, but it sounds like fun!
Good to see you in Victoria again! Until next time!
At #SFTreasureHunt. Our team: The Wonderful Lizards of Oz. Year of the Dragon.
Looks like #celtics will steal one tonight. Given their home record this prob won't be the only one they'll need.
I'm curious. What do you think of that bovada over-under now??
Listen to Stephanie McCurry on the social and political history of the CSA (hint: it has nothing to do with vegetables)
#thescript's song nothing is so beautiful!!!
This visit was for an u/s so it wasn't our usual docs. I just need to state ahead of time that he has autism because it was no fun
We have a spot for you in the next issue...hit me
Congrats to and on their wins in the #Austin city council and mayoral elections yesterday.
oh well. They can fuck off
very classy my friend
Convince the ladies not to buy the garlic hummus.
I miss all ma old friends.
You care more about talking to him then you do me
I'll be hosting Lux tonight with ms sexy wif live performances by and Armstrong Don't miss it
Diggin' the weather today! Not too hot, not too cold. Just right :) #AsiMeGusta <-- gracias <3
Husband started blaring Tony Braxton - Unbreak My Heart.
tru tru... I guess we'll go with for the parties... that's all that happens on them day anyway
thats how I feel too
That flick wit u and Addiction was off the chain. I get a gud nutt everytime I watch it. ;)
Second pair of earphones I've blown
ah lucky I love Olive Garden
Sweet Baby Beyonce, we've finally arrived in Asheville!
First Pujols goes to the Angels, then Darvish to the Rangers. If the #Mariners don't get Prince Fielder, we might lose 100 games again
You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride
Yo yo ma & Philip Glass...a match made in heaven
oops! sorry for the double tweet...didn't realize my facebook was linked:))))
Ryan Evans has seven rebounds. The other six Badgers to appear in the game have a combined nine. (Our Hero 3)
Be sure to watch our newly posted videos featuring our trip to visit Mike the Tiger at LSU and our Recycling Block Party!
u have to come again, i had an amazing day with u
Are those your eyeballs? I found them in my cleavage.
I don't hold grudges.
#RESPECT BIG AHK!
Shopping is a drug my fix is my parents credit card$$$$$$$
#Social Media Boot Camp this morning.
I tried to tell that, but he did not agree. He likes having a uber generic name so he can hide amongst the others.
Going to see if we have any good movies downstairs, I need sound in order to sleep. :p
hey not much and you?
These beats hit hard like your step dad
hah ik but staying off twitter is like impossible lol
Talking to the bae
shoulda retired at the all star break last year
This is a great video
Blood game bitch, Big B's Boston Bruins
Great Night. Great People. Welcome back :-)
#ItsSadThat people dont know how to show respect anymore.
wasup wit a new song wen u makin some more MUSIC videos?
It's not that I'm afraid to say how i feel, it's that I'm afraid of how you'll react
omg i think i just queso'd myself
RT Book French Montana at ur next party... French Montanna is available for hosting and performance dates @
Right now its all about us, all about us, my love. <3
Good luck to as they compete in the NCAA Championships! Bring home the hardware!
midterms this week..ehh..
I've been praying those things are so nasty
hello. Nice one. Bring your mates, as long as they r fit. I only drink cocktail though
Congrats on largest audience ever. intro. What % of audience knew?
We moved back to Texas for Chuy's. (Well, I guess there was some job stuff too.)
HAHAHA knew it but i think that 's voice is really sexy lololol
I found that too!
RT : I highly recommend the 12 oz New York strip at Petterinos. One of the best steaks in downtown Chicago. I'm so full!
Did you know we were the first to install yard signs as a defense mechanism against intruders?
Seeking an acoustical guitarist or other musician who would like a Valentines Day audience. We seat 20. Play 4 tips? @ or DM.
august 20th...it's coming!!
wish I would have seen that earlier!!! Publican, Ruxbin, Bristol, , or maybe
Improvisor, composer, performer, adventurer? I like! Glad you're on the tweet train!
one love brotha
Someone needs to tell me what kind of hairspray they use on #MadMen. Everyone's hair is flawless all the time.
Wow RT : y'all heard about the hoe that stabbed her baby daddy to death cuz she ain't like her mothers day present? now that's crazy
Blake got them free throws now
that one u tweeted was funny as fuck tho
now! Ima pray!🙏
The Police escort is pretty sweet isn't it
R u not capable of the same things I'm capable of? U too, have 2 legs 2 arms body head spouse! I don't mind helping, but I do mind enabling.
you are the worst tweeter. Like, straight
SAN DIEGO SUNDAY!
If you're having Mexican herb problems I feel bad for you, son. I got 99 problems, but loving the shit out of cilantro ain't one.
hahaha oh my gosh. I mean that's the only explanation for him to so willingly do such a crappy commercial.
do you know anyone who can help me set up a new comp at work and transfer all the files, including QuickBooks data?
well take care then
ohmigosh really? I'm sorry I didn't know.
headed to chicago to renew real estate brokers license. Would love to sell you a hotel/golf asset one day!!!
its understandable .
#WhyDoiAlways forgive people who don't even deserve forgiveness..
this is me every week!
oh shit! lmk if I can unpiss you on.
good luck
RT : Are you a UoL academic paying an open access publication fee? Let me know how much it is (and which journal!)
I hate storms. Asdfghjkl.:(
“: I'm wearing my old kicks 104.9 shirt to bed #memorylane” yeah, super intern
Mayweather vs. Cotto! Money May. That's all imma say....
3:55 train late, late - i already missed 4:15 - will customer help me make 6:30? If we get there soon?
your picture on twitter is the dumbest/most unfortunate thing.... i love you but you look like a tard. #toughlove :)
We hope you had an awesome time at Jimmy's! What was your favorite thing on the menu?
When a kid blacks out in gym cause he's so fucking high. Can't wait to see what happens the rest of the day.
I'm wondering how's she gnna be on #xfactorusa she always seems so nervous on cam
#Huguely verdict is in.
OK, politicians defending "pink slime." When's the last time you ate it? Or do you think it's only suitable for the national lunch program?
Company Open Class TONIGHT 5:30-7pm!!! Contemporary with Maddie! Come ring in the new year with us!
It all happened so fast. Apparently it was landing at JFK
You are invited to enter the Win a Stuffed Hamburger Press giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Naw I thought u I thought u meant a female and her feemale friends that's all
That threw me off track.
Good Morning.... Happy Thursday.
Walkoff grand slam for Joey Votto!!!! ...and this one belongs to the #Reds!!!!!
Yeah man me neither. You down this week? Your latest spoken word poem is as good as it gets. Tell I said yo
I need to see you
We apologize for stating false times that the site would be up and running. We hope it wasn't an inconvenience, have a great day!
where u working at fam?
yeah.. back then i'd usually just say f it sometimes + do a full clone... it'd only take like 15 min
We JUST stopped at a Starbucks...and I've never heard of Cabela's!
2nite...we video ...8p at the House of Loom...
I can't decide on the hair cut I need before I get my headshots taken...awhh the anguish!
In the middle of, and up close and personal is "where it's at" if you want your students to learn, and achieve. Don't teach from afar.
Like Roller Coaster Tycoon? RT They'll be virtual RT Aol is next Disney. I hope the rides are better.
Can't wait to throw some meat on the Grill for the Tailgate Kick-Off Show this weekend!
Just killed chest, back and abs
Where are you spa-ahhing today? It's July and Texas Spa Month!
was that you laughing? that was pretty cute <3
BBl, hopefully when the amazing has followed :) if she is free <3<3 And nice talking to you talk to you soon... <3
I love the curly hair! is a lucky man
Thank you so much, Alicia! We are thrilled!
Wine is between 2 and 8 dollars. Like, good wine. And they serve beer at McDonald's.
Watching A Movie Youu?
three hours into a win 7 install and it's barely 50% done... yay for blowing an all nighter on this #crap no #gamedev for me tonight...
RT : Taking home a piece by Patrick Costello from Revel auction to support !
LOL..I've never been to Texas; I can only go by films like 'Giant' and 'Second Hand Lions'. FL is VERY different.
that would be me haha
Now it's time to get back to work: music!!
NW'n Freddy vs. Jason #TeamFreddy (:
This Was My Song Last Summer .
All the right moves in all the right places
So we got back from the weekend and our ceiling was leaking water in the bathroom. Love coming home to stuff like this!
Of course -- thank *you*.
hahaha that's how I feel when Grey's Anatomy has been filming in "San Francisco"
A question for our Hokie alum to answer: When I stepped onto the stage to receive my diploma, I felt hungover.
This weather >>
RT if you absolutely LOVED old school ;)
Yup. Full-time Austinite these days. Consequently am I supposed to pitch in and help clean up 6th street today?
We are looking for software engineers to talk to about our calculator project and we need education professionals to talk to about the SBIR…
Happy thanksgiving everyone and please follow my new boxing career the road to kimbo since I miss out on tyson
The first time they look at my stressed out or moody face . They worried . The math paper goes tougher than what i expect . Need to study .
Working with teachers is way different than working with students. :o
Wonderful! Thanks for visiting.
"She fucked me into a coma and even loves me when she's sober"
Dear you ain't got nuthin to record if u don't have content from writers! Copyright automatically grants writers full C of work
A New Puppy #FF in honor of who we will always remember with love: ..and more
SignTist on Fairfax
I sure am whats good.? :)
Just cleaned out hte closet and donated three bags of stuff! Winter clothes are stored away til next year, spring clothes are out& ready!
If you haven't seen the Song 1 exhibit projected on the Hirshhorn (8pm-12am)I highly recommend it. It's been extended to 5/20
thanks, everyone RTing that Accessibility Camp DC attendee registration is open. bit.ly/fWOb8
you inspire me by your talent, creativity and dedication. And your rock starness!
So excited to be in Las Vegas with my fellow RE/MAX agents. Only the BEST agents in the world!!
I should go to the Fest & get some food lol
Keep an eye out ;) something might be scheduled :)
Chronic blazing #420 all day
The curse of curves.
Back from a nice long ride, race this weekend! #stoked!
You are very kind! Thank you!
Umm have you met me?
That would be awesome. Thanks!
Heat don't know how to defend good team ball. LET'S GO!
Diversity class.
Happy to be back in Los Angeles, not so happy that I only have two days before winter quarter begins.
lol idk what you said before,you said a lot in one mention tweet! Lol
is the "ferris" of them all. Badum-CH.
You are an amazing friend. Thanks for all the support!
woo new york misses you so much! :*
I know!! God save us all!
Governing is at the Washington #IdeasForum. Check for updates from staff writer Ryan Holeywell.
Please tune tonight and hear my new single “I Can’t Breathe” on Heat Radio 1 with DJ AJ from 11pm-3am. www.heatradio.biz
Setting UP the New AzulAquatic Van! Getting ready for a little swim time.
Inclined to design? Get these mobile tools - Chicago Tribune
Chilling with my friends.
Now its time to say goodbye, God does the rest when you try! DJ T&BNOV-ONLINE
theres a difference between beinq broken up & on a break , dnt confuse the two .
gonna go look that up right now. Thanks!
Im gonna be up all night
...you must be bored lol
I was thinking state vote shares could make it panel. Either way, time trends important
All of them. Right?
you mean your almost birthday DAY! ;)
Apparently everyone else in New York City thought today was a perfect day for #ShakeShack too...
Let go heat!!!! Team Miami Heat
Can't find my credit card. I really wish this was a cruel cruel April fools joke.
oh is it bad? -Amber
hhgregg, Swarovski , & First Citizen's share how new hires w/ "high recommendation" via assessment data r 20%+ more productive
Ive never been on the Pedro bandwagon
Hey y'all :) how are ya?
#Grateful that I made it back home safely from other town. Now for catching up on hw. *holding breath*
yeah but you were half asleep mumbling..lol #shuddup(:
If you have heating issues let me know. No service call charge with repair by letting me know on Twitter.
Sean Burnett looks like he has a killer pickoff move. Nobody is on and I still think he is throwing to first.
I just want a Girlfriend so I can treat her like a princess :)
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
just look for the creepy religious icons!
I'm seeing you guys Friday.. <333
My ankle hurts like a mofo. I thought this shit was supposed to be fixed a while ago.
Wolverine, Spider-Man (Espanol), and Iron Man... too bad none of your final exams are on superheroes!
Nice day for a bike ride, eh? I love the rain.
Favorite Show EVER!!! I can't believe they havent renewed it for a second season!!!
love this #digital history assignment! Urban archaeology too!
will do Sunday. Been out and about all day - filming :)
My ᴮᴱᴸᴵᴱᴮᴱᴿ.ᶫᵒᵛᵉᵧₒᵤ. LOve you my lovee Pls pls follow me :D LOve you you very Beautiful and SWAG
I take it your son's not a tweeter, Carol? U have my silence. Um, what's a cd?
and Milwaukee?!?
haha no its cos they film their show there and I think they live there!
I have researched the facts. Its a flawed bill (no single payer) but its not the fascist, freedom denying bill the right says
Tonight is TRIVIA Night! Come in for 75cent flautas, $2 Tecates, and a great time! oo & don't forget to brush up on your 80's movies too! ;)
Our Hope for Humanity honoree this year is Frank Risch, a wonderful advocate of the DHM.
We enjoyed having you!
My new otterbox for my iPhone is.cute :)) HEY! Follow Me on INSTAGRAM : daretobeme - 😃😊😄
when I looked at the actual video, i said the same. If it was her or someone else that did the makeup, they shud never b allowed
Holocaust remembrance day my dad survived Auschwitz my mom was hidden by nuns. their families were murdered by the Nazis. Never Forget!
Yeah - that's what you get for trying to bend the rules! Ugh.
I was trying to find some books that were written in my birth year and spotted this... Looks....interesting?
I would have fun with it. If I could speak with different accents, I would.
Dad just out of surgery (he's fine). Hospital wifi considers Tumblr an "adult" site and won't let me open it.
Happy to say, we brought the new year in as a family, we are strong
So weird to see all the previews for #TornadoAlley at the takes me back to some great times at !
Thanks to all who came out for the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" - please join us this Saturday for a final "Farewell to the Frescoes."
You on Tumblr? Me too. Follow me. Idlewild1914
the problem is for them it's complicated
i like to thank everyone for showing me and my team love without yall theres no us #HM baby
RT if your dating Austin, but your keeping it a secret because you don't wanna get hate.
Justin,Jaxon,Jazzy-Bieber First name last name (; Happy Birthday Jaxon! you're such a good dad (:
Real option to Romney?
Your point makes sense, Jairo. Is the #media spinning this thing like #MarkTeixeira is so sick he can't hit?
Hey pick n save!! Thank you for donating a cake box for my Team Challenge fundraiser!!!
Lol some of these youtube freestyles off the Unbelievable instrumental... Not bad
So happy :) its about time!
The difference between style and fashion is quality
Come to 60 Upper College Rd, Swan 304 on FEB 21 7pm for a #URI student film screening and Q&A, check out the link for additional info!
Agreed. Even as a longtime Joel Stein fan, I have to admit that he's sort of a professional complainer.
Go Marco!
Next you won't be telling us that they used paralipsis.
Spittin' fire like a dragons pussy
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. I can do a lot, but what I can’t do is pretend that I don’t love you
I have successfully rick rolled 500 people. My life is now complete.
ha! Don't hate...he's already got it!
get a greyhound.
Just left CVS without buying any nail polish. Celebrating little victories here.
If they would have put the one up where I had my penis hanging out of my shorts, I would have bought it!
check out my baseball podcast you will get a kick out of it
"Everyone has choice / When to, or not to / Raise their voices / ...It's you that decides"
those are always good days!!!
gotcha!! .... Any plans for the weekend?
thanks following
So I am getting used to this twitter thing I think lol not exactly sure though!
I don't doubt that... probably part of the reason people walk or bike.
awesome! thanks!
What local NYC/Brooklyn bands do you have high hopes for in 2012?
I wonder if my facebook friends get sick of my constant All Time Low posts? :D
LB Community Food Drive! book a holiday light tour with us ($40 value), bring 2 canned goods (per person) & receive $10 off full priced ride
also, netflix, what do you have against gérard depardieu?
New life goal: learn to cook octopus
Heading to Mishawaka today to visit the sisters who sponsor
Was not a fan... La Brea is like 72nd St. Bagel
Surprisingly lucid and coherent answer from El Richard Perry.
lmao.... too funny!
We teach such stuff as evals are made on, and our little life is hounded by work creep.
The series finale of Desperate houswives made me tear up, now MIOBI 's series finale tomoro, sigh imma burst into tears yo.
U never want something used
iFollowed will you PLEASE Dm them for me ? [:
I rode my bike from downtown with my board on my bike.
When you come back we will have to take you to eat somewhere in the hood. HEHE
I hope your Canadiens vs Bruins game will be a lot more fun than my game tonight! It was boring. Both teams played flat.
Got some semi-good news this morning... Let's hope it's a theme for this weekend!
i always put too much pepper in my food but it's ok because
"Without rest, a man cannot work; without work, the rest does not give you any benefit." - Abkhasian Proverb
Thanks for the FF mention and thanks for your service. Let me know how I can help you! Stay safe!
RT Interview/PhotoShoot x x x producers #thabizness x x
Great idea on getting #organized in 2012!
Life is a balancing act, but with knowledge of what is most important you shouldn't lean too far to one side or the other (a2ib4ue)
« 4. Think success, Think perform, Think victory, Think Winning #TroysCorner»
any luck?
Just watched Contagion, which was good but also scary and is making me more of a germophobe than ever.
Oh and sorry for the long wait... :/
good point
Sunday, January 22 @ 2:00 PM @ #Museum: How We Survived book signing. Book gives 1st person accounts of kids surviving the
Game cheat! If the Blue Key appears on #iPhone game, make sure to hit it quick!
who did you play for?
I'm not getting your text :(
Heading to da doctor
"Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up.....
I am getting..
Gotcha yes
In a couple weeks
The girls are adorable!!!!
I feel like we up to somethin great! ^_^
Thank you!
In Gaziantep, trying to upload a video. 8 mins to upload a 35 sec video. Oy. At least the scenery is nice.
"Both shortstops here, tonight, are pickin' and grinnin'."
shoulder injury I think
MT Walker has worst job record of any guv in America, w/24K jobs lost over last year, as US econ added 2.1M.
Senior Pending This week
Hey Mark...how are you? Do you know any other Business Analysts with Web Systems? We have a new 6 mo. contract with the City....
is it a statue of him pulling Ron Gant off 1st base?
If I could vote I would vote for Flavahz but I cant becuss I live in Canada but I will be giving love Follow back Your dancing is
I hardly need you to satisfy that. You must also be new here
watch yourself now
Thanks for coming in - what are you having?
Phillip Phillips on #idol. He should win.
Got a lot on my mind, time to get on the grind i can't wast no time, got a mountain to clime. It's going to be hard but im ready for it.
Sleep, night guys! xx
LOVING DEMI LOVATTO SKYSCRAPER.... THAT'S WHERE IS AT...
I'm so done being broke!
So glad we could help! Hope you're enjoying the show. We're jealous! ;)
Some pple just like to run things. I collect knives and go the the va and pass them out to vet.That's when I hsve a dr. App.There's always 1
It's so cute when Austin thinks we trended something for him
will pray for them and you also my friend !
hahaha! I like that!
like 2 opposite kinds of monologues
I know what pissed him off last time too. How much did I pay for your services?? Maybe people should know THAT.
ASK!!! I think u can lol!
Lucky enough to be ,apart of a great fundraiser tonight for #Reading is Fundmental Pgh. Great cause, great board with great leadership.
Wide awoke I think.
You're welcome BIC!
People have learned to flying like birds, swim like a fish, it remains to learn to live on earth as human beings.
I love meeting new people, and I did that every minute last night. I had a good time with and the WHOLE family. 
I think I'm going to decide wether a person is guilty or not base on their hairdo.
#WINNING My last tweet >
What player did you interview? I would like to get him to the right person to clear up the confusion for him.
well, I rooted for mike sweeney while watching a game one time in kansas city.
I just finished a 13.1 mi run with a pace of 9'46"/mi and a time of 2:08:19 with Nike+ GPS.
take pics...... What shows you wearing?
Thanks! RT : #FF a few sources for insights on #religion ~
presents Artist's Way Sessions w/ , Mondays @ 12-1pm at the Jones Center. Email to enroll!
some dude hit me when he was turning and my car in the front is totaled.
I still haven't forgiven George Martin for that little instrumental bit before the song "Help" on the Capital version of that album.
MILWAUKEE-MISSING DOG: Salvador/chug pup/beige/blk face/Last seen 27th/Forest Home noon today/blue jacket/green collar. 414-719-5891 THANKS!
Hm.....I never really realized how much I truly do like you.
BLUEMAGIC LIVE @ the KELLYSTRAYHORN THEATER IN EAST LIBERTY! TONIGHT @ 8PM.SAY THE CODE *TheaterWithHeart* get $5 dollars off!SEE YOU THERE!
On the way home from our track meet. Van wyck smoked almost all our events! We did amazing, came 2nd for both my 400 and 200
Three! We needed that!
Feelin a new kind of confident
BULLS TIE IT UP Roberto Alterio with the equalizer in the 89th minute! Let's Go Bulls!
I'm a type of bish that gets along with everyone.
Love almonds! From Costco: a 3lb bag will cost ya about $10.
Nothing funnier than 2 D-bag guy "friends" posting humiliating videos of each other on facebook
#hungergames24NY please please please!!!
October 17th: our 6th anniversary. Details forthcoming.
JK! i got it.. thanks anyways
Nutez is a 50% of the time, 100% of the time kinda guy
Thoroughly enjoying read the tweet-fest from on the competitors. Nice work guys.
Lidstrom says Barry Trotz rooks him to come back in the handshakes after the Preds series, it was brought up if he thought Trotz was lying
Needs coffees
Its such a good feeling to help others best kids ever
Where you're already good. Being mediocre or above average in a bunch of spots just makes you mediocre or above average, right?
Drake Younger vs. Jimmy Jacobs is up next.
y'all scared!!
I've seen these episodes 1000X and I still crack up over this stuff.(:
Cake Fetish shirts are in!!! We have Men and Women's xS- XXL
"Dude that song is old"...."Well so is your mom....but you still listen to her."”
tastes great! Less filling!
The Sirens of Titan for sure. Close tie with Slaughterhouse-five
idk n e more ..
Yes! RT : There's a period of mourning and respect after you finish a book. So I shall start reading another tomorrow.
“It is my first arrest, thanks for asking. And let's hope it's my last" - George Clooney on getting arrested outside of Sudanese embassy
your welcome i havent spoke to you in a while i miss you :( lol
Echoed from AU – Nebraska Hall via : Votifi rocking it echoer style at the Swedish embassy
People are rewarded in public for what they practice for years in private. - Tony Robbins. Woah... meditate on that nugget for a few :D
joke and jokes
Steven Tyler died years ago of a drug overdose. They cloned him so he could release albums worth of garbage and co host televised trash.
She was in my Girl Scout troop. We go way back to elementary school.
RT If you're obsessed with
haha I know. I guess I have learned to accept it.. The people are weird too. O.o Worse than me. Lol
Really, everything came out normal. He advised to lay off the coffee and double up on the Mojito's
I dated you,you cheat,i pretend I don't know... I rub my condom with chinese balm,you dance samba....lol
I'm about to MMA your butt if u don't call me!!!! Hahaha
ok I will
Mark your calendars! From September 12th to the 16th, Education Abroad will be kicking off their first ever Study Abroad Week! Be there!
I'm listening to it now, and I said the same thing. RT : Another round remix goes hard
had a great time talking to businesses yesterday!
so don't you worry your pretty little mind.....
um hi :) your my best friend
Switching our corporate site to BlueBox servers. Great experience so far!
But did you see a nipple? It only counts if you saw a nipple.
I'm not sure wat color tho..
cool im in the middle of a different one incase that beat wasnt your style
What are you eating for lunch? About every 25 seconds, an American will have a coronary event. –CDC #WomensHealthWeek May 13-19
How is it not 5pm already?
Why Your Marketing is Missing the Mark (And How You Can Fix It)
Happy Tofurkey day to you!
Sometimes I wish I could play the role of the wise old asian man and help. And sometimes people have to learn the hard way. Life is crazy.
Congrats Graduate School of Social Work, University of Denver Graduates! Enjoy your graduation week! Celebrate!
fans like you are the best!!!
I thought you were so tired last night...
A relationship is not gonna work If you're the only one #DoinTooMuch and the other person is not even trying.
RT : failure is just victory practice, and practice makes perfect heh heh :|
Won 8 of 10 heads up sit n go's in a row last night. I guess I was hitting a little bit, but I also just played some people who aren't good.
ok ill shut up :(
The struggles you went through made you the person who you are today.
Dugan whispered on a scorching day at the funeral, "I'd give a $100 for a beer." Hoyt replied "So would the Babe."
Jammin and my mom says "Oh! This is that music you all listen to with the laser lights!" um...what?!
she was great! I would love to see her in Driving Miss Daisy
i was taught not to focus on the Money but, to let the Money keep me focused.
definitely! And they have awesome special features!
Just Listed Vacant Land in Riverwoods, IL 2 acres for $650,000
My graduation photo shoot this afternoon made me SOO much more excited about Friday!!! 🎓🎉🍻😃😁
had a wonderful day a concert with some of the best ppl and then a b ball game at chicago sky...nothing can make this better exp. sleep!
Anything other than iMessage is a turn off.
Going to Lollapalooza next wkend? Make sure to download the new Lolla app and bring your custom schedule with you!
Hell yeah! I am HUGE!
Secret to improving cost efficiency while growing a small biz? Buy from other small businesses.
The convos & I have! HILARIOUS!!!!!
congrats on the deep run
which head? ;)
can you tell Barkley his criticism all game of the Hawks is ridiculous. He sounds like an a$$!
bye i'm goin to sleep
love your icon of u n the legend
I hate that I'm too nice to tell people stuff to their face
After working all morning I am loving Panera Bread for lunch!
thank you!! <3333 So fun despite our minor technical difficulties. Such a glamourous venue
Tonight's Plays still in action: Cardinals-125, Indians-125, Tigers Even, Rockies-140, Clippers+3, Thunder-4.5
Looks like the rain will keep us from serving the best hot dogs in Indiana again today... :-(
You guys, I'm just gonna say it. Quinoa always hits the spot.
MAO! Love it. Bouncy bouncy bounce bounce. Cordial for all :)
only if you want :) i liked his solo record 2 yrs ago..but did u read his post-hof RS interview? he basically tried to diss hof
Feeding ducks & subway.
Had a great organizer meeting yesterday! Made an event roadmap from here to September. First stop: boozy networking and lady DJs.
I'm going to kill the hold music. It is not helping right now.
did so good at the VMA'S!! Iloveyouu JB(:
no probably not
#CrazyThingsFolksDoForLove think a baby will make em stay.
I guess I'll go over to Orlando/ATL.
lol! I'm gonna say "colorful" to you all the time now!
GM WE UP IN HERE
We've seen students affected by the first point, less so by the second. What are your experiences with #tuition? We'll RT thoughts.
Drinking Mtn Dew to make it through last hour of work.
If I'm not #Following u send me a #S/O so i can. I try to
hey heinz
That is an AMAZING shuttle photo!
good luck finding any other high quality scans of Jiri Anderle's work on the internet
With the 16th pick the Jets choose to be the Giants
What a miracle :-) Enjoy every minute!!
LOL, maybe someone used u as prank. I'm not kidding. It's all good.
If hes stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
"I think it's near Carnegie Deli so I'd take a cab there & then ask around." - My aunt's response to my Dad on how to get to Carnegie Hall.
My dad's name viewed through a mirror reads Obama.
Tomorrow is the day everyone will wear green, except my family is Irish Protestant and represent the Orange in the flag
San Francisco, I have made it through your meetings, I will now drink your booze.
OK so I'm in Gboro what's good
thanks man!
Currently Auditioning and Hiring instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. If you're interested or know anyone who would be interested …
watching the science of sex with
airing in mid-March, I'm sure he has help, not sure if he is out atm
Hard is not bad, simply an opportunity to grow. When things are challenging, they help you (force you) to be fully present, learn and grow.
#NW friends wit benefits
All alone at the office. As if things couldn't get more boring...
You know how there are some stars out there who know how to market themselves? I don't have that. - Mark Hamill (Actor)
Tomorrow is looking like the day my new site could launch.
buy me something 😁
Yeah Martin is driving this. But I think we are all a wee bit guilty here. Martin should show him the R TREE tho. :)
You made King's MMQB. Nice work!
i guess.. there were fans standing over by their van too but i cant tell if they actually waved at them or not
I don't caree. I hope all your fucking stink bugs rot in hell
But I love you.
Write it and they will come.
Thanks - I'll check Cafayate out.
knock those bastards out too!
loose dc connector on laptop. Any clue how long repair takes?
Now that I think about it. #BreakingIn is a really good show. Its perfect Hulu fodder.
Probably not, but I will stock my bar with lots of Amaretto.
Obama says he believes gay people should be able to marry, but not in legal right to marry. He believes in nothing except being president.
Annoyed ! Can't believe that :/
same. It feels like I've abandoned children. I need to read them like ASAP
Just finished reviewing program and moderator notes for Small Giants Summit. Very interactive, participatory, with great attendees.
Puréed black beans are simmering on the stove and in 30 minutes I will have refried beans! Can't wait to smear some on a tostada....
congrats and good luck!
There's about 4 weeks left of school. It's gonna be a busy 4 weeks
getting close
Solomon Islands, happy new year you crazy pig-eating fuckers!
So excited! Just found trustworthy family to cover my biz so I can take a much needed vaca!!
Chinese international students wandering the halls with unlit cigs in their mouths, speaking English to each other, saying "dude"
Next 2012 Challenge field announcement coming soon! HINT: If he looks like a Duck, and quacks like a Duck...
Praise be to Allah.
Just because u sign a contract doesn't mean ur gonna pop if i have to write for u
If my boss was a female and I knew I would get far by fucking her maybe I would do the same!
Those kinds are hard to find!
As Billy Chrystal gets older the more he begins to look like a Cabbage Patch kid. Ah squeeze those cheeks.
#TheyNeedToBringBack the original episodes of Pokemon people be missing out lol
you do i think.. Maybe not
Global warming I can warm to, Dec 20 and sitting outside reading.
First morning at the new digs, I woke up to hardcore industrial metal being blasted from the living room. Really? On a Sunday morning?
look like you lol
Another bad outing for the
About to hit up some child birthing classes today...ready to learn what we don't already know!
Obviously you don't care about your girl too much!
I don't know that I can watch that show and NOT want to drink ;)
One of the best halftime performances I've seen in a long time! Nothing like Cowboy cheerleaders dancing to your own tunes.
Getting ready for Donuts with Dads at my daughter's school. A little nervous about it. I'm not sure how I'll react to free donuts.
I would say your 5% of Buckeye Nation that "ousted" you was a tad off. You do sell out a lot, but moving is too far.
So who thinks Vigneault is going back to Vancouver
im not wearing anything
At buffalo Wild wings wit my mama n sisters !!
#callingallangels,tonight...I think I am falling past the light. Help,help hold me just one more flight down the street where I onced past.
The line at our booth is still going strong. 6825
That's cool! I wish I could too. I'm too far.
So true. RT : How is it that ALWAYS has the perfect thing to say?
ok he looks flawless
thanks for all the fun! More snorkeling to come! “: yay hope to see you today at Nimitz Beach”
no I'm not. I'm only like that with the Trojans. My older brother is an alumni
I wish I had my head phones..
thanks, Cat!
Time to go to work..
Incompetence and doctors offices. Can I just get on with my day please?
drinks w work friends #weird #whoareyoureally?
You came up with the question, unknowing of the answer?
Headed out to do some socializing!
on what? Lol
in waco are we? you better believe i`ll be at the showgroundz on saturday!! :)
im picky !
"Festivus begins with the airing of grievances. I got a lotta problems with you people!!"
For example: your b-hole. You would not want to put them there for desired effect cc
Opening my new roomba
"Had I enough mercury, I could transmute the seas."
getting braces tomorrow!!!
What he meant> RT : Clint I guarantee you'll gave interesting combo with Fred
has braided her hair into a mormon crest and is now sorting through a box of buttons.
awesome, thanks!
Lil boy!!! Tricks r 4 kids...grow the fcc up...
I'm a designer all the way, but I do want to understand how the back-end works as well.
GRRRRR my laptop is messed up ugh! Hope my step dads friend can fix it!!!!
Woke up this morning having no idea what day of the week it is. Yep off to a great start!
The new Living Colour album is blowing my mind apart, but not to pieces. It's great.
Fanatics tickets on sale today!
awesome , i did post pictures on my facebook . they are not the best pictures .
I'm a Tebow fan but I don't need his success to validate my beliefs. He doesn't need the pressure of carrying that banner.
Follow got crazy beats that are only $1.99 to lease.
definitely his. I *wish* I had the time to get sucked in...
It's a beautiful sunny saturday! Off to the mall with Brenda & Sara !
OK, THAT was weird... just had a conversation w male co-worker who took womens side & I took mens...
The sun is shining and the beer is brewing, stop by and smell the hops!
#marketmix rolls on with Looking forward to the presentation from him and Gus Swanson.
I don't kno who to believe trust or anything
RT : Just wrote a few lines on the typewriter that's in my office chik-Ding-zip-Chik-chik-chik... Love it -We still have one!
The one you got your lips all ova' ^.^ Jacobb
that cobra is nice. How much?
My pleasure! Lots of fun, and great students.
realizing i am so bad at photoshop makes me wish i paid closer attention in class four years ago. whoops...
lets play a game give me like 10 likes ill pop one off....
Party of 16 at The Hamilton!
At Docs. Like a gentleman.
ART FOR RANSOM...get the word out. Are you coming tomorrow night? Come on, just stop by.
Hit hard? Yep. But $ for a head injury is no dif than pulling a Tonya Harding. needs to lay off the crack pipe.
Have fun in vegas
#BACHATA on DECK!
U THINK u know, but trust me - you don't know what u don't know
Happy Friday from GTWT!
Undefeated! Thrilled with ASJ's ability to bruise inside. Study him, Kemp/Breunig RT Huskies are now 1-0 in the ASJ era!
girls don't get agile sorry...
Need to get back there for some Gongfu sessions!
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.Samuel Johnson
Getting to know plenty of guyz these weeks, apparent I'm not ready for it.
TY so much for the recommendation to read my blog!
How to share your iTunes music library on a home network
Bernard Choi of used Flickr & Twitter to help his community be a part of the Paris Air Show action!
Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press
#FF b/c these peeps run with haha
Remember the Holiday Outreach Pancake Breakfast today at the Railroad St. Brewery from 9am-12pm!
The perfect martini last night at #SutterStreetSteakhouse. Slightly dirty, up, three blue cheese stuffed olives.
Got to wait two weeks to take my son in to the pediatrician. Thats military bases for you. They seems to be over booked on everything.
you better be careful in Korea.... Cause they just launched a fucking rocket.
www.myspace.com/sirenpromotions all bands/artists should add us!
is def 1 of the real reporters. he mentioned the info he had that he does not report...where is the line?
saw the #Lookup tag. Feel free to include us in your posts and we'll RT. #Support #photography. :) Best!
Too long of an inning. No me gusta...
If you gotta scrap up change to eat out then yo tail need to just go home and get full off of crackers &h20
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal. ~Buddha
crazy! damn ! I bet a cleaner person took it! I wonder how much $'s Apple makes on replacement merch from losses!
“Books must be treated w/ respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power.” ― Terry Pratchett
Holy shit, this is not good. :/ Map your house out as a grid, assign everyone a section & go totally #CSI good luck!
Gerontocracy, rule by elders, is becoming a thing of the past. Across the nation, young people are organized to Youth'n ® Up the government.
Just made a Google+ account... what's the business, someone please explain how this will benefit my life...
Hello, Austin.
Told my mom a story then she responds with, "well... YOLO!" #BestMomEver :)
I was thinking the same thing, Kevin...
Well, has been nothing but wonderful. The GM gave us a personal tour. Very awesome. Not overly expensive and very delicious.
you need to stop saying stuff about innocent black people before something or somebody will come and really hurt u.
And I can't change your opinion.
It's not about the people who we've known the longest. It's about who came and never left.
It's not that I don't like you, I just enjoy other people more.
Looking at pictures and videos from this #Weekend help #Monday go by faster.
It's being fought by because it doesn't incorporate test scores.
Good to know. RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. – Maya Angelou
my 3 year old sister saw your music video for Rags and she said "Oh she's so beautiful!" tehee :)
actually her name is moose, but she looks just like Lucy!
Alpha Dog not your normal Imperial IPA. Complex and rich!
I'm telling the Djm 800 you've been having a threesome with a 57 & an Efx 500
u be here the 22nd.
unfollowing shouldnt even be an option :)
I can smell you all the way from my house. Gross.
From Pets of the Homeless (a charity I <3) "A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself." Josh Billing
I would be the best housewife ever, all I do is cook.
your welcome(:
who. Join the club! High five ✋
yup, I can't even fight it anymore. IPhone it is.
