Vampire Weekend, MGMT >
I swea im tired of being the one who ALWAYS has to start a convo or have some to talk about -____-
50 hours working, 15 hours driving to work, 40 hours sleeping, 20 hours boat time and diving. I need to find time in my week for blog :-(
interior design tattoo? What, like I've got floor plans & paint colors on me?
what are some tips for packing baked goods to ensure safe and satisfactory delivery?
Going to Canada again... wish us luck at the border
you need to stop fighting with blair its immature
uh oh. what are those kicks??
Thank you for the Re-Tweets and Favorites!
2 songs recorded last night....1 more to go tomorrow night!
I just got a ten dollar parking ticket for laughing about a baby that doesn't have a brain with you for so long.
Somebody has a birthday coming up...
#jacksonvilleuniversity has arrived at the
Justin Bieber is 18.
Thank U 4 the prayers-we r constantly praying @ this end & those prayers include u & all the friends I have made on Twitter. :-)
Going somewhere?
When it's all said 'n done, with yer life nearly gone, and on thinkin'yer past mistakes over, Tho' drinkin's no sin, it's what y'pour in..
"Act of Valor" = war porn.
please don't remind me how much I wish I had my camera lag night
10% of all marriage proposals, in the US, take place today.
Does she find the dragons???
Thanks for the follow! Really hope you dig my artwork. :)
I believe was a HS WR. But I bet dude could have been UCLAs QB if he wanted.
Florence had a bad 2011, but it would have been interesting to see how he would have faired with bolstered defensive line in 2012.
Video Training Review - Chasing The Light: Photography And The Practice Of Seeing By Ibarionex Perello via
Great deal! Crunch Gym Membership for $39 (regularly $212) but beware of high 'one time activation'. Very nice gym to join!
Working on a book trailer for a midterm exam.
Delighted to follow you, Connie, and look forward to your tweets, being both conservative and interested in biomedical issues
With winter here be sure your HVAC ducts are ready for the cold. Call Servpro of MKE North at 262-250-1101 for an estimate!
been getting a lot of traffic, i noticed it once but seems to be workin well now. let us know if you have any issues.
Mark Salling's cover of Mean <3
More importantly, why is he a member of the general assembly?
Just finished listening to Tony Hsieh's book, Delivering Happiness. It was outstanding!
So disappointed in myself.
It's funny how much I'm willing to sacrifice for a person.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 5/7 at 6:30 for a reading of "Dear Cara: Letters from Otto Frank"
RT : Hey #Manhattan #KS will be at Manhattan Christian College at 2 pm for
oh awesomeness! DJ Doc coming from behind hell yeah!
If there is any kind of long-term stability in this current #Bucks roster, they'll win this game
Is Sean Peyton really suspended for a year?
Great turnout at my Brokers open today and I want to thank everyone that was able to attend! www.3651holboro.com
I love you and your wonderful hair!!!!! :D <3
nope. I know for a fact that they don't wanna go back to the khl. So he'll explore his options in the NHL & i think a team
thank you :)
#favoriteposition doggy style :) perfect hair pulling control along with speed and stroke control, all in all the best
The real plants of Hawaii - Philadelphia Daily News
Happy Valentines Day from the boys of the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
�Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
ok I think I fixed the link , let me know
: Think the Bravos are going to pull it off?!
Having a blast with my sis Jen and Joyce. :)
everyone go follow !!! hes my best friend! :) hes also single....ladies
I can't remember the last time I watched black & white tv.... oh wait I never did. hahaha.
watching Soul Plane, high as shit lol.
Thanks and glad to join the
It's a gem. Enjoy!
Proud to be a Husky! Bow down to Washington! Victory over Cougs!
things i wanted to spend my tax refund on? a cute netbook and/or a suit for looking smart. things I will spend it on? hospital bills, sucka
2 blogs I follow showed me I was right to reach for the Mustard Scarf pattern yesterday. Mine will be brown... Worcestershire Scarf?
In case UR thinking about it! "Man burns down house by smoking cigarette while fixing petrol lawnmower in his bedroom & causes explosion!"
RT : Got a lot to think about. *pray about
is that a typo? You mean hall of shame, right?
Lil B got his as beat before so he may know how to
kick push
Just got out of gym. now time to cool down at lunch.
"Don't you doubt my seriousity." Seems like the right word to us.
is back on Twitter...for sure this time. LOL
follow mee? please?
make someone do it for me! HAAAHAHHA and I'll sit here and freak out!
The Bears draft this year actually made sense... Weird.
I have plenty of clothes. It's the expectation that they should actually *match* that's the problem.
Yay! Dagoberto Gilb joins the #Librotraficante Caravan in El Paso, on to Mesilla, then off to Dagofy someplace else.
i will follow everyone, who follows me right now (:
Tim McGraw music >>
“: thanks for the follow! One day soon i hope to attend ! #roadtrip2012” please do!
Love seeing on tonight. National GOP needs your help #LNYHBT Twitter Army!
Have you gotten your banner yet for "Banner Day"??? www.worldchampionfans.com
Sonic #Baltimore Secret stall update-Pull into lucky stall & u get 50% off ur entire order.Hints given: it's either stall 16,17, 21,or 22.
She is so sweet <3
Young men and women ought not to be dictated to by doctrines and dogmas. Whatever is forced is never forceful. That is the law.
Having a lazy day in Pittsburgh ...my home away from home. Blessed to have bi-coastal residences to chill. Love my East Coast family!
a thank ya, a thank ya very much. /best elvis impression. the sad truth. (;
If you ask me a question I will flip out on you lol
#brewers have been swept in back-to-back gms including v. Suppan. Watch em bust out of it and get to Lincecum. Battle of Cy Youngers tonight
I want to see guest star on a doctor show he would be great :)
Teacher tell me to do something;i'm like shut the fuck up talking to me I'm high as a mfer.
Welcome to the #Packers !
Almost to chicago...can't get fb on my bb :(
You're right. 110%. You just don't answer faith questions like a politician. Smh.
well I guess that's why my wife keeps so much chocolate around the house....
Khan Academy now on 60 minutes!
Starting to write again this gon be good...hopefully I can put it on a track
Im so bored!
Aww so cute. 😊
RT : Very excited to announce I'm going to be managed by ! Lookin forward to some big things in the music video world
How did this spam know I liked ligers?
this country was built on, religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups. What happened to our USA?
Got tix to the Redskins - Cardinals game. I will rock my Fitzgerald jersey, but otherwise will be happy no matter who wins.
Whenever you want to, i'm ready.
I'm already equipped with an afro
the css (:before content "") works in other browsers. its the WOFF thats finicky with chrome and safari mobile.
We help high school students grow as leaders and young professionals. We work with a lot of student orgs like DECA to do that!
how is me sticking music relative to the fact that you're a fraud sports fan?
Heading to with friends to check out the neighborhood at night. We may buy there later this year...
Good afternoon :)
nah thats jus what they say
I can't find you!!
Chico is a BIT out of my budget, but I have been saving for this elephant-print hemp bodysuit thing? Something simple.
People who cant spell words correctly give me headaches.
Thanks, it is. Hope to see you there!
We should make a twitter handle for this guy and show him off. Just like the bronx zoo cobra.
everybody's best friend. :D
Haha, these only fool the freshman on campus. Last year the headline "Philly bans BYOs" scared a lot of people though!
#23days of school left #40days till Believe and #44days till Austin comes to NYC!!<3
It's game time!! Cheese heads unite!!!
Holy heatwave!!
Weather data is now being returned in SimpleGeo Context queries. We apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused.
nation wide is on your side...
Congrats on getting signed to EPIC RECORDS! You're in good hands!
them bikini's will sell tho along with a strong web design & order model they need 2 get on cruise liners,coastal lines,& resorts
sleeping on the beach tonight. 
bc players who suck @ FTs are too coward to learn Rick Barry style FTs
Good is it?
The LDC is busy planning on how to make leadership more accessible to members. Any suggestions?
Congratulations on the 20th anniversary of the movie #MalcolmX. I still cry at the end & know this is the best movie ever made!!
Helpful hint: Got a loose thread on your clothes? Use a lighter to burn the string. It's better than using scissors.
How could you use the experience us discussed in fashion to create a branding buzz for Clutch Bags NY?
hahaha so I'm guessing you had fun last night?
send a pic!!
I hate when adults try to teach me about technology.
Somebody come cuddle with me so I can go to sleep
lost to the world!
Melanie Mitchell (Virginia) and Kendra Knight (Maryland) both back in the circle today in game 3.
Women with healthy diets, who regularly exercise and do not smoke are two-thirds less likely to develop age-related macular degeneration.
Singing boyfriend to dog dog 🐶
France imports champagne from the gawd tho
I feel like no performance can ever top 's at the 2009 VMA's.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA good joke
Pop, pop, pop. Watch motherfucka's drop.
You get addicted to making money.
How out of place is Johnny Cash in that stupid video game commercial?
Who's going to be taking advantage of Free Comic Book Day on Saturday here in "Comic Book City, USA?" What is your favorite comic?
": It is UCLA for Shabazz"
2 days left to enter the drawing for a 42" TV. What's the first thing you'll watch if you win?
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness
Coming Jan 2012 POSTGAME/CCHA offensive player of the week- we are very excited about this partnership - #gr8teammates please RT
“: Boy: hey dad I got a girlfriend Dad: Good job son! Girl: Hey daddy I got a boyfriend Dad: *loads shotgun*” SO TRUE !
Russia leads Denmark 3-1 in the 3rd. Malkin scored his 3rd goal of the tournament earlier in the game (7 pts now in 4 games).
thanks for the follow! i look forward to reading your #leadership tweets
which policies?
What a snoozefest this #MadMen is
Slip n' slide!
Thanks! Maybe we can raise a glass tonight at Nemo and Buddha's party!
Finally did a #Bushwick arts day, , , , , & many more.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
he is on a twitter rampage!
You got it!
Had an intense game of monkey in the middle with and 12+ other people at my church (:
Tony parker is looking good after a monster second quarter now time to pull away in the second half
Omg, is such an adorable girl. :) Let's support her as well as !
Everybody keeps things from you. No matter how much they say they don't. Every single girl can't be trusted. Simple as that.
Thanks! :) It's a pleasure to have you. ^dr
I actually thought it was pretty funny. And I'd wager $ that his hands aren't an issue next year.
Great line from the hill today wrt cyber security "need better experimentation around what consitutes best practices" Bob Hutchinson, Sandia
Tweeps! We're giving you something cool to check out! Head over to www.iheartradio.com to view our new BETA player let us know what u think
Just FYI, that's not from the police, a couple of people walking around were speculating it was dynamite.
He says she got my heart and our bond is unbreakable. All smiles :)
what it look like drop....i'm in da build'n..
Ugh can we develop a tampon applicator that only needs one hand? I have tweets to read.
Who's got the new EP?!!!!
I can't wait for teen wolf! You guys need to get it out sooner. It's like a present to me because I can't go see LIK :P
We're open 365 days a year, sir! RT : thanks cool now I need to get my #beer in Let's make it happen!
You can say that again..Hey lovie!
Don't miss your chance to see perform with the rest of G*Mania at the Lincolnshire Co-op's Big Birthday Bash 3rd Sept!
#Bethesda is so odd: 2 pre-war Rolls Royces at the same intersection.
Thanks! You too! Sucks that I now have to be Jets fan, but for the 1st time ever, I will follow a player (& not just Den)
is really really awesome :)
Convenient amnesia.
the Knicks win ONE playoff game, first in 12 years, and now they got they chest all puffed up? Oh, okay.
I think you're giving them too much credit. 5 seems kinda high.
Honest baby I'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started Don't you leave me broken hearted tonight
Just hid my shit in the freezer.
also from : law stabilizes, technology destabilizes. Regulation on data retention can't keep up with the growth of data production
I've grown very fond of cats.
At regatta in Georgetown. Am suddenly aware of how many many moons it has been! Like being on spectator side better.
Everyone should STUDY> Sociology and Socieoeconomics...it's a must to understand life!
Joe Paterno needs to go, now
yeah get off of him. He's a kid just like u and me
I feel ya bro. We all need an outlet sometimes
ok sorry about that, it's fixed now. The website will take some time to update but you can buy the tracks from soundcloud now
shit it's my song
Thanks for the RT! "My bread and butter people...Photo Organizing session at #NAPO2012!!"
RT : Checking out the #YouthFitnessExpo #FREE EVENT for your kids to try different sports
Great to see the fan base here in Cleveland show up albeit late.
Yes, crazy!
"I just wanna go home and bathe." -
Just a reminder MPEG will be at a new venue LA Stanza Southphilly Come join us and hear about the Sag-Aftra merger
Long time no tweet, what uhp bitchezzzz
I JUST WONDER WAS IT ENOUGH.
get over here now bahahahahaha I'm makin mac n chz and doin laundry till 3am
yee I'll hit u up if I go. Are u gonna be in town this weekend?
That last tweet re Gingrich--very, very difficult to stick to my no-f-bombs rule. God he disgusts me.
Apparently someone frowns on me attempting to have fun and take a break. Majorly thankful for this morning.
At church holding it down.
love taking naps as soon as I get home from schooll
happy bday :) your finally 17! wow i remember when u were 15 you now are so succesful. hope you have a god day! <3
"#Solar power is a sustainable and environmentally friendly #energy source."
speaking of kicking a$$..anyone bugging your bro?
Rob Delaney needs to give his Father in Law and Dad Big Bucks. Not deer, CASH for Father's day
Thanks for the RT@!
White Sox fans are on par with OSU fans. Hate on Detroit and claim to be a huge White Sox fan, but you're wearing a Marlins hat to the game.
you need something to rebuild around. They have no one now.
i'd be a really happy camper if y'all would stop saying "YOLO" "swag" and "doe"
Bwahhh so nervous. SOON.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
The best part about being your own boss is that you can force your intern to go with you to see #TheHangover2 instead of printing new work!!
Man, you are flattering the hell out of us with all these RTs...
I wish I was born rich instead of good-lookin'!
has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy! RT : “: I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!”....
Join Councilman TJ Dow at Faith Temple Church of God (7038 Lexington Avenue) for the State of Ward 7 address at 6pm Fri., April 13.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens The documentary-like story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the blind named Quill. We fo
Trying to search Twitter for a # and need to see tweets up to a week old. Any suggestions on how to do that?
If you still don't know what to get a mother for mother's day you should probably just watch every other commercial
Won my first match 🎾
Come Meet a Band that Describes Themselves as a Cross Between Keith Urban and Bon Jovi then Download their Entire Debut Album for Free!
This ain't about music...this is about bein true to yo self first
RT No people, to lose weight just eat less than you burn off - you don't need to do fancy things with calculators and "sins".
I'm wondering what church will look like when I go to bed at 11pm and get up at 3:50am. Love church, hate not being able to sleep!
Do you know a good list of currently active library-related podcasts? I've found a few but info is stale. Thanks!
HEY we have to watch a #NYG game this season....you have to come and hit Ace's in San Fran with me wearing all blue :)
New guy/gal friday service for college students only. www.agentanything.com run errands for folks or companies and get some extra $
From our Spring Workshop Series: SafeLink Wireless will do on-site open job interviews March 15. Contact us for more info.
THE F-D-A WARNS...THE BATTERY-POWERED ARM + HAMMER SPINBRUSH...ONCE CALLED THE CREST SPINBRUSH CAN BE HAZARDOUS.
phone in one and the other holding the pants
I Aint Gone Ask For My Chicken Again !
I need food and a drink!!
Looks like sportsbook and players only to stop accepting us players as of May 1st. :-(
I think I need an accounting class to understand this data!
I made mac and cheese and all my step brother wants to do is play video games. FUCK YOU TOO
Chicago's great.
Cotto gotta GO!! It's time for the Cockyness to get knocked outta Mayweather!! 50Cent...Justin Beiner....Triple H....yea he's gotta loose
How appropriate that a horse named "I'll Have Another" wins on #CincoDeMayo. We'd all be fools to not take it as a sign.
can you please follow me and make this one of the greatest days for me :)
We just hope that the people that tune in have boxes!
Thanks to all who came out tonight! #BrownRiceComedy was a success!
Love Live Life Proceed Progess.
connected with you after the lake ..
Just witness my first fight in school. Feeling pretty accomplished.
I like Jones, but Hendo is the first fighter I ever liked. Even before UFC was popular. He can win, but it'll be tough.
Sure! Looking forward to the event on Feb 14. :)
o la la. The snail eater picks one :D
"feels so amazing" is when you when you know someone loves you for who you are.
When it's on the same day as 1st round, definitely. #PGATour RT Shouldn't Opening Day be a national holiday?
please visit again Your lake is here waiting for you.
Trunks opened.
Looking for #Legal #Records #Clerks with #LegalKey experience in Boston, do you know anyone with that background?
thanks jason
Our Newark BRIDGES High School Program: We need mentors, guest career speakers, after school Dance and Fashion instructors. Volunteer !
My followers <3 :)
that's funny drunk time rush lol
Makes sense. Well, maybe lunch sometime then.
the jury is still out on the one lnao
Love it! Glad you remembered! Love working with people building incredible things using
#mls Why has the video quality of the web streams from this Disney tourney been so jerky and low quality?
lol that's about it..
Journey to the Stars....Rock and Roll GUITARS!!! I Like To ROCK
Watching a good show on ! Most shocking! Love those shows
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I never smoked, I don't smoke, I can't smoke, I won't smoke....
UK makes u alter shots.. All mental... KU failed
omgossshhhh so excited 😁😁👍👍❕
Please tell me this happens before i attend the cavs game tom RT #NBA - Ellis to Bucks for Bogut, in five-player deal (via )
Luol Deng is the only Bull on the floor tonight that deserves to win.
This fuckin #twitter app won't let me follow nobody bak...
I'm actually talking about people being a system that transports blood thru the body. Duh
Hate my dad. Hate my dad. Hate my dad. Hate my dad.
I am rushing out for a bar as I type...yum
If you parked in downtown Portland and the kiosk refused to take your money, you can thank our #Veterans for that too.
Shittt me too! I'm soo bad at keeping up with Gossip Girl nowadays!!
So exciting to see so many Elite programs reporting such high ticket sales already!
I am do in love with Thank ful I get to work with them!!!
Have a great day and a awesome weekend guys 
You'll get your VP fix soon ;) ..new music is comin your way......
You ready for some headlines? Tracking 2 forest fires. Record breaking heat tomorrow? & will John Edwards take the stand? Cu in 5
today is really just not my day.
7am Escalade limo ride to the city with Lauren to watch her be on an Anderson Cooper special
When was that picture taken? Doesn't really look like Jimmer.
hey bunnies Dolores is hopping
Okay mom jst keep bitching away..
#hategettingtold We do apologize for the inconvenience but we can't help you were stupid enough to buy a product from us.
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
Leaving out of Dulles to head to LAX! #GartnerBI Summit here I come! Excited to showcase the amazing power of
Pacers might give it to the heat
What?!?! How is that possible? Have you tried searching for messages with attachments and deleting those?
lmao! Be quiet. :o
I'm looking forward to meeting students! RT : Fall career fairs are approaching! We'll be at 5 FL schools - check our events
I'm using ALL Old Pick-up Lines in the Club Tonite.. "Yo Baby, yo Baby yooo!" "Say here Jiggy Mama!"
I love her...bottom line...I think about her all the time and it bothers me to think that if I went to that school things would be perfect:(
hey thanks! Most folks tend to forget what with Jesus' birthday and all. ;)
"I'm not a fucking role model, damn I'm only 16."
It's a clever trick that you can't get newer 3rd party Kontakt libraries without updating.
u sell so many tickets but no tickets?
I owe my girl K_A_V_A_L_O N major! She got me like 100 new followers! Follow her she can do same for you! I <3, respect that chick for this
I'll follow back as soon as twitter allows thank you:)
I can change your whole life.
Patio loungin son!
Congrats Dana & John! RT CNN welcomes future star political reporter Jonah Frank King born today to &
"Ondrusek" is Europeanese for "Stone cold"
I love how ur following me lol :)
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
Shake That Ass Like A Strippa' !!
Congrats on the funding, great stuff!
RT if you love One Direction. <3
Going to the city tomorrow :DD
follow and please :D x66
Fish gear
the actors on secret life are terrible.
I'm too sexy for that
Love a #naturist discount vacation $100 per night visit us
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Twitter is like a fridge. You get bored so you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good.
This Dark Endeavor: The Apprenticeship of Victor Frankenstein
What!? Who made that a rule?
Now you will! haha
the year i was born the Record of the Year was "Beat it" by Michael Jackson- this seems fitting for a test tube baby.
i am a former civil war reenacttor with the 140th new york infantry company b living history organization
RT Everyone chill, and turn all heated emotions into well wishes for Eric McClure. All that really matters today.
Texting Buddies ?♥ Dont be boring tho -.-'
#love RT : live ya life.
COUNTIN MONEY IS THAT SHIT RIGHT NEW LIL KIM AND MORE TO COME IRS IRS SOUTH WE MOBBIN BX NY IM ON THE WAY THE TOUR POPPIN IRS.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Afternoon on Melrose with :)
Would you risk taking Santana 2nd/3rd round if he's going to be ready Opening Day? (non Met fan) Do like Johan though
I'll be there tonight.
Everyone Loves me i so aborble and i dont care if yall turnin gay after i leave because yall Butts!!! Stink!!!
I left my phone at home! Grrr
Eww I hate throwing up makes my stomach hurt ha your at work?
Great tag at 2nd! I love it!!!
Catherine McNeela: The best belters are classically trained.
that yoga retreat in Italy sounds divine! I might try squeezing it into my summer schedule. Thx for the info.
RT Prayer changes things. Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Tequila, weed, guacamole = good time!
work from home business opportunity
RT R.I.P TO "DONNA SUMMER" THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC!!
Q: Does use of the term "white masculinity" obscure the reality that masculinity existed before whiteness?
I swear TUMBLR is just so amazing. I love it so much.
Got a link to original?
": Sexland is still one of the hardest songs " Preciate it bro
These water bottle filling stations on the #UWT campus are a great idea.
what is going on with YOU???? what are u going through?? quoting romantic comedies??/ WTH??? lmao!!!
I just walked past a cop while carrying a prop shotgun in a garbage bag. He didn't look twice.
Watched #50/50, it is more powerful than #Philadelphia and funny at the same time. Great combination!
I hear ya I love that style
Not like that! I'm tlkn all the nasty booty wantin dogs. "Send me a pic"
Reading some internet on the iPad and then going to bed
Its sweet man! Finished up last night! RT : how did the song turn out bro
Done for today
“: #Libras are fair-minded and will tell the truth even if it puts them into the fire. #FairIsFair”
4-class day. Whew. Tried new instructional design content tonight. thx to zlatan. I did ok. Scvngr next week!
RT excited to record the title track Wild & Free from our new record. just jamming w/Pete & a drum loop, it sounds enormous.
I hate chemistry so so much. I want to die in a whole with this projectt. It's almost unreasonable.
eww, rather stay pale.
Been so long I forgot the name of your website. Shoot it 2 me Ma.
One of these days I'll get you guys to come out at 5am! Until then, enjoy your run...or catching up on z's.
I rarely attend a first rehearsal of my music-- but it's exciting to know the performers are upstairs working on it, while I sit down here!
Rufio, Rufio, Rufio, RU FI O! Who's coming to Rufio w/ Before Their Eyes, Veara, and Close To Home tonight at Shadowplay?
Gonna try and get me some new supplement for the gym, any suggestions fellers?
you still gonna make it to legwarmers
Excited to be going to Woodfire Grill tonight. (with Robbin)
Let us know what you think of www.googlebump.com
seriously? weird.
Listening to new record on vinyl. Absolutely love it.
can I change your mind
wow:O that crazy
Thanks so much!
also ripped our bunting.
Full-color printed documents: deliver your message with visual impact and maximum appeal. Contact us today, let our experts help you!
have to aim high!
If only I live in Texas , I can meet & his friends there at the beach
BITCHES better get off my man --I know that much!!
DING DING DING WE GOT A WINNER RememberTrust
thanks for the retweet! Have you signed the petition?
hahahahahaha ur funny.I would do the same thing
Cranking out 750 big books before I go watch the Padres beat the Cardinals again at 3:30. (@ Any Budget Digital Printing & Mailibh)
Stats, I am ready for you.
I want to play twister.
#mygraduationspeech follow me on Twitter .
Great news! Congratulations!!
Come join OVS for our Yom Kippur Break the Fast on Saturday, September 18 after Neila services. All OVS members and guests are welcome!
I am thinking of planting a bunch of Trees that block out all view of our house from the steet & the sides & behind - thats an earthly move!
Another stellar weekend ~ Inspiration is everywhere! Love to U all
Or beat your mothers.
Hi Marie-Claire, I'm relatively new to raw food diet. Looking 4 more than just smoothies & salads.
Memphis should be mad at hollins for always under valueing OJ Mayo..hes a star u cant keep him on the bench he gotta play to be productive
I just hope this contract is over with the PAC10 and Vanderbilt university
I'm watching and in "Radioland Murders" on Netflix Instant. Haven't seen this in ages.
I love finding a wad of cash in last week's pants.
Our last production meeting before load in/tech for NEXT. Another night spent at a table full of muses.
Agreed. Good times at
thanks for the follow ..
you guys are awesome...can't wait to hear about it
3 more hours of thinking then straight up moosh brains
I totally keep having that problem.
I hope they don't win though haha the grizz are my team
Is being inconsiderate just a guy trait
I guess it's better than being an anti-dentite!
My jersey needs to hurry up and get here
Vegan? We have your chocolate solution. Gnosis will be here on Sun. from 2-5PM for tasting of their yummy-in-the-tummy vegan chocolates.
ok check check and check I did
By the caliber of the prajectile <<<<<<<LOL:)
Hiking at Lake Hodges with the fam.
“: What's a HARD B.o.B song?” < do those two words even go together? LOL
I have been able to go to the doctor, because of insurance. Still not a fan of the individual mandate. But health is not a privilege.
So bored
I'm so sorry for the delay. Been sick as a dog out of the office. How can we help?
im gonna lol goodnight!
tell ME about it!!!
happy FRIDAY!!!! hope everyone has a short work day!!! :)
I am happy to take credit for today's gorgeous weather on account of my birthday! You're welcome, midwest!
Like RT : After this weekend I now know where I stand and I am in a much better place now.
#MLW12 tech panel with and #Lindblad moderated by
the people who hav highly and unnecessary attitude they deserve standing oviation of my tallest finger !
thanks for the follow - will be watching your tweets :)
Thanks - next they need to do the charity-focused startups :)
wahhhh :( the little picture uploading thingyyy doesn't like to work for me...
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Girl to her brothers on path who are ignoring my bike bell: Move! Can't you hear she's jingling her way through!?
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
#Burn. RT : I suspect I'll do more blocking today than the Broncos' offensive line.
Where does your company fit in this matrix of trends in the STM publishing world?
Fan:"does austin mahone have a youtube?" Mahomie: LEAVE. NOW. Get out of my sight and come back when you learn a little more about austin.
Welcome to the USC Family...you are a welcome and excellent addition.
Shizza, I hope she doesn't find Twitter
1 part down, 4 workshops to go! So far so good...
0 hrs till I explode from perpetual happiness. 💣✌😂💣
i am now
Rain makes corn, corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisky
I really hate Mondays.
Happy Monday! The sun is shining here in Richmond, for now... How was your weekend?
Sometimes i love not been on the fone
Penultimate day before starting at Feeling excited, sad, overwhelmed, and little hungry.
someone tweet me , i wanna make new friends <3
Yeah! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at THE PARK SPORTS BAR (6565 Babcock)
Draymond Green is about to take someones head off out there
lol, but its so bad
r u kinda on the petite side cuz u look tiny when ur standing up
Happy Anniversary!!
off to The Slap.com
Don't roust him like that!
Word. RT : If you haven't read The Magicians and The Magician King yet you're really missing out. Read them or die.
i need some air because all of you make me speechless. SO PRETTY, CAN I HAS? c:
wish mine felt like that
The White Zombie fails to come through. Used to be Fisher's role (make or miss, it still felt like more of a sure thing).
DM me man
You are going to the Onward Summit? That's great! I'll see you there!
really I'm sorry but judges have not a clue. Oh and what song was that...
Going to #London UK to ring in the New Year! Where will you be??
Actually disgusting that I've just paid £5.10 for a return ticket on the tram.
#wakemeup when Mark Stuart performs event on Sunday, June 19th!
Thanks! Only my daughter actually thought we might win — she's still a little stunned.
I seriously think I have a hang over from those 5 hours Energy little bottles, did 2 of them yesterday, did someone spike it!
We'll not only give you input on case strategy,but prepare witnesses for deps & trial,oversee focus groups,& advise on jury selection.
All I want to do is crawl in my bed right now... But I don't have a bed. Why do I have to move during finals week :(
check out the videos .
Good question dude, I havent listened to O&A Since they went to Sirius, so you got me on that one.. I just like the old shows.
Don't be a hater Tiffy ;) We got this!
Man, ion 'EEM know?! I don't get why she'd do that, she was aging well! RT yeah what happened to Lisa face????
Have a great weekend!!!
I'm appalled to see so many younger/teens so overweight wearing inappropriate length shorts. #StartDieting & #Exercising !!!
So much traveling and long hours the last few days it was nice to just have a relaxing walk with the pup and a chance to enjoy some coffee
I'd still be in that knockout game that's what!! Haha
between #netflix #internet #music #while all that's missing is my virtual helmet.
mr. know it all
follow me Mel!(:
1in every 100 americans are locked up. 1 in 9 black americans go to jail. STOP THE STEREOTYPES
Just saw Obama.
oh, that sucks :/
Happy hump day.
check you dm
#dh11 Math research suddenly got expensive research 10 years ago. Future of humanities?
YES."Don’t take photos, don’t tweet, put away the GoPro, just think about skiing and why you love it as much as you do." via
Aye, aye. Tomorrow post-talk.
Have you ever painted for so long that you see your painting even after closing your eyes to go to sleep?
morning! its lovely and sunny here in beantown too! birds are singing, and i'm sitting inside watching all things tennis....
: We posted this on the Sullivan St Press fb page today.
And now I am redecorating our teen room...my hat has changed for the third time today. :)
idk man they just did the song for the surf ninjas soundtrack
in 2010, deficiencies in America’s #roads, #bridges, and #transit systems cost American households and businesses more than $129 billion
caused by coming from the lower midwest, perhaps? I say...perhaps. although yeah, landslides not really an issue there.
i know right! so you are really 5-1? damn, i could do the benny hill head pat on you lmfao!!!
Wearing a shirt that says "Life" and handing out lemons to people
thanks!! can't wait to get it set up.
Success! next Candlelit Acoustic Thursday? Jan 12.
RT : Bring new, unwrapped toys, bikes and gift cards to for their annual toy drive at Sahara/Jones building
Jayden. Remember me? It's been so long.
This is even more awkward actually.
I've gotten use to these kind of situations already so it wouldn't surprise me but I really do hope its not like that
its better if u dont try messing with me;) kay?
I know. The wait will definitely be worth it. I've been waiting a long time for this!!!!
Right then:/ thought you hated her! But now your walking to school with er:/
People grow apart. Its natural. But what happens when you grow apart from someone you didn't want to?
Does anyone else remember that troops were sent to Uganda and they just disappeared from media scrutiny? What are they doing? They OK?
when you walked into my life at Game On. That's when.
Rainy Day Lyric: I was a-wunderin' when it would start a-thunderin'...
Morning world
what, he's not going to hit .420 all year? Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?
Just made that exam my bitch.
Getting ready to go skating with the kids. Been a productive day, now for a little fun!
MOM: "If your friends jump off a bridge, would you jump too?" ... ME: "Uhhhmmm… maybe..how high is the bridge?"
Hello all.!..I have been absent and I've been going to school..Been very busy. Time to get a few posts in..Enjoy
crap. I was hoping it'd scale enough for my '08 processor + semi-recent vidcard, being from Blizzard and all.
maybe might have an idea.
Ron Artest is the Ol' Dirty of the Lakers. There's talent there and you root for him but are surprised when he steps up.
Was writing about failure when I failed to send the message with my tweet
I always forget twitter exists..
Perfect day to hang out on the patio
please follow me please!!:)
Forever not understanding the mind of
Come visit the JAMS booth at Open House!
Hey there I am here late sorry to you guys...reserve game
The idea is in thyself. The impediment, too, is in thyself. -Thomas Carlyle
. Thanks for the RT Eric! Loved your #Vegas updates last night! #Cheers!
hahaha no problem gurlfran! how'd it go?
I could live like this forever forever
Robbie Gould doing "Take Me Out To The Ball Game" off the top of his head. Making only minor mistakes with lyrics. Style, really.
is my guest at 4:40pm and at 5:40pm. They are both part of our Hometown Country Concert tomorrow night at Cal U!
tryin my best! try to find some new friends & stop bein so sad you left me.. i know no one can replace someone as cool as me...
Insecurity kills so never fall victim just be aware what ur partner is capable of and choose rather or not to deal with it
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Lebron James performs in the clutch.
Yeah！You are lucky!
Quick somebody name me a better drum intro than Hot For Teacher. You can't. Know why? Because there isn't one.
Bought to get into this Pauline epistles class wit Dr. Jeon.... Yessirr
Sometimes people just keeping digging that hole deeper and deeper LOL.
The penguins of madagascar is dat cartoon
omg bria! You gave in and got a twitter!
Corporate America dismantling public schools and creating the educational - industrial complex?
Just received our first official wedding present!! Thank you Hanson Family!
In such a good mood
Packers need to start Grant from now on. Starks looks like he is running when steel toe boots on.
"I knew it was going in. It came from the backside and right on the chin". Golf or porn? "she puts it in"
lol I just love him XD
#sacscoc We must build our infrastructure to make online ed work.
Sure Hahaha Hahaha Hahha I'm a bitch and has
Let the mini vacay commence!
I am the only person in my band who is not a Scorpio. I'm going to get stung.
The King rules over all he sees.
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!
RT : Thanks to all our Packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting! Happy Wednesday!
Never watch 48 Hr mystery alone... even the creak from the refrigerator is creeping me out! :(
someone should really text me :(
okay well do me a fav and look at ur favs all of them not just ur recents look at them from days ago and look who in it
See you there!
This girl in my apt just said I hope Louisville wins that country in the united states is awesome Wow
and how about on your end?
#robbiewilliams told me the secret of his success , but its a secret so im not telling you guys.
is going to Utah! woo-hoo!
My chest is pretty red, please tan out by morning #whitegirl ;)
Good luck out there tomorrow!! Let's go up 2-0!!
inbox message me slice
ahahahahahah! AWESOME <333333333 me next??? NO?? :D love you... ~
Dont think Jason wants to follow me...***sadness*** Yet I live and breath....
How do Quesadillas and Wings sound? 5.95 for the Quesadillas and Wings are 11.95 for a 20 Wing platter.
fuck i think i got a cold
Having a good morning so far. A tall glass of H2O, mantra meditation and now I'm making my green breakfast shake! Play time w/the pup too!
A Senegalese friend thanked me for my "teranga" Can't tell you how good it feels to have my hospitality recognized.
We are happy to announce the attendance of the Los Angeles Citty Attorney !
Finally getting to see #TheHelp with my mom!
no she has... They stayed until school was out and she and kids came up in June. We actually bought here. Rented in CLT.
Awww... So true... Makes u want run them over with the Zamboni!!! 
Wow! That rocked! I would pay money to see that act!!
30 pm, followed by a buffet dinner (roast beef and chicken) served at 6:30 pm
Wish mandatory training included: Douchebaggery 101, Asskissing, Passive-Aggressiveness, How to Act Like Your Working
I love the quote "Its so hard to sleep when my dreams keep me awake"! #follow back(:<3
Haha all too true.
Probably not until the summer, but I'm hoping that I can come for several weeks!
Off to #brandmatters tomorrow. Regan Hall Reinerth of National Marrow Donor Program shares their new Be The Match brand. See you there?
I can't imagine how terrifying that would be...
Day 92 of 100: I am thankful for waking up at 7 on a Saturday morning, and a super-busy day
yay:D I'm bored af though so we should meet up soon, text me
And the Sixers win!
lol... MY BAD!!!! Thank goodness you're a gentleman!
The things I do!!!!!!! Quiero undid-lo...
latest updates for worldwide south asian art acivities www.zanbeelart.com
Thanks for the follow
haha! Love it!!!
Richard Dawkins is speaking here tonight. Follow & tweet the talk at
I am quite disapointed that I didn't observe Yom Kippur this year, but I fast and reflect several days of the year to make it up for it...
either way no.
We'd love to have ya'll! Reach out to us at .
Truly. RT : "facebook is where you lie to your friends. Twitter is where you tell the truth to strangers." - unknown
Missing Milwaukee man Thomas Hecht's body was just found near the Milwaukee River. Such horrible news
Now taking applications for a boy with a car.
I'll b on Habbo tomorrow bye
They say "it can't hurt to ask", but it sure hurts when they say "no". #MomDidYouLikeTheShow?
Global companies bringing manufacturing back to US.why?increase labor and transport costs.#aspenideas forgot to mention lean manufacturing
This is the longest work week ever. Oh wait, its not really a week, that would only be seven days.
Fuck this bum.
Can't wait to be back in chi town!
Happy birthday to the only guy I know who can rock Nantucket Red pants out in Wisconsin and still appear manly
"Blueberry" Directed By: Matthew Sanger "Perry Street" Directed By: Antonio Padovan "The Getaway" Directed By: Ellen Novack
from me, an ITFC fan, I Imagine jewell/ we just (should0 hope somebody comes in for Ellington and peters, from the giist of
I would tell them they're wasting money cause you bought the tickets. :P
I will never kno why I disliked my uncle so much.....like I can't stand him wit a PASSION!!! Lol like that time I kicked him in da balls xD
I'm so thankful that you are here!
Been getting some great responses for the Bridal Show at Quest Conference Centers this Sunday, May 1st. It is FREE
DMcInvall: Georgetown County cultural heritage is mobile, distributable, and preserved -- b/c it has been digitized.
congrats on the show. DM me when you get the chance.
I believe that when we find our own flame and embrace it, an inferno will erupt.
at Nene's house maybe
#Working till 5am. Listening to the on the radio & looking for my Dicks tix. Labor Day Weekend.
love you baby!
There is a TV in the bathroom mirror of my hotel room. Cool or awkward?
guest speaking @ the Entertainment Tech Centre to top Hollywood entertainment companies on the value and benefits of #API Management
Pressuring me? lol
#factoftheday On this day 4 years ago I had the pleasure of taking 's hand in marriage! And I must say it was the BEST choice I made
No. Not even close.
I did not. Have a link?
#ABoyFriendShouldAlways send his girl good morning / night texts .
Hahaha ;) only this time, poke him and slowly drag him off stage for a little fun time. #ifyaknowwhatimean ;)
There are some fantastic alternate holidays in December. When I was a kid, we did St Lucy (13th) and St Nicholas (5th) days
Eph 6:23 Peace to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Looks like a great meal to cheat on!
Gearing up for summer visitors means polishing up that logo and website. Need help? See Traverse Global, US 31 North, Traverse City
Sounds good!
will you marry me?
so addicted “: Fruit Ninja App for iPad. #addicted (this is NOT an ad)”
La Russa will probably accuse Casey of taking HGH
I love the position the NACCP is taking on New York Schools... keep up the good work..equity for all
Its Time To Step Ya Game Up ... Gottah Run Ya Credit Jus To Bring My Name Up !
No thank you!!!!
I need to see Project x...looks hilarious
of says he most respects in their space.
Green Latern was the CJ of DC movies. Throw him a fastball and it did damage, anything off speed and it was awful.
The Garnett Letter
Cool, thanks for sharing those! /
Great read from our fav web design mag on content strategy: bit.ly/vCg40y
If someone could invent a third cup of coffee that tasted as good as the first, I would buy that.
lol nowhere just work & school.....married??? was that supposed to be a joke? good one. uhm no.
Shout out from Funkotron in the middle of their set! Killer!!! :) they are rocking it! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Much better to be able to swing in just Spring and Fall though!
So voting for Pip on
Vanessa L. Williams: "I never thought of myself as beautiful." (Essence, May 2012) Whaaa... How does that happen?
feel better (:
Day 2 in LA is already funny and its only 6:15 am
Pretty much all I want to do right now is eat peppermint bark.
As a writer I assume? Write for anything notable that you are willing to admit to? :-)
yeah, the guy just sucks at life.
Is it just me, or are those commercials for MIO Liquid Water Enhancer rather ... creepy?
kills it on the new record.
hey i got a call folk folk from ARTISPR n they said im in their artist spotlight magazine cover,im like nah,lolo lets get it
All Gr8 ideas! RT : Ooh. Swiss chard salad, grilled Romaine salad, braised pork cheeks, schnitzel.
Between The Sheets #85 - Sex Tawk -- Me Love You Long Time
We agree! Thank you for visiting, gravy fries and all
good morning. Darling! :)
What do you call a fish with no eye ? FSH !
At Instituto Cervantes for the 1st U.S. showing of the #MiesVanDerRohe award.
Fox's new show #Touch is so unbelievable as in overloaded with coincidences, but I still like it.
Remember the 3 Rs after a workout! Re-hydrate, Re-fuel and Rest!
1 of the best ways 2 stay organized is 2 make routines 4 your errands, laundry, etc. Routines will turn 2 habits that cn optimize yr life .
Get Out .
Thinking of you and Gabby and the rest of the NASA family Met you at Nancy's home in Napa last summer. Very proud of you
bahaha yup! We sent a drink to Brent and told the waiter to tell him we said yolo matata
1: We should tax China and Japan 20% for all imported items. 2: All overseas aid will stop.
Waiting to get x-rayed, reading operations manuals
it's not rape! it's surprise kinky sex... where you die.
where you at homegirl?
Taking advantage of the after Christmas sales on 5th today with the PC. Not that I need to!
#BEARS - Get PEPPERS, CUTLER and HESTER out of the game! Especially PEPPERS with that bad knee.
Snap, Crackle, Pot!
Up oak hill
Today is the oldest you've ever been, yet the youngest you'll ever be, so enjoy this day!
How embarrassing is that! Just my luck. 😳😳😂
NBA owners sure have egg on their face today.
Move nervous lately. Must be due to less post offices on planet earth.
please followme back im sucha big fan i love yih so much (;
Its Birthday today? Then.. HAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY KENTON! HAVE AN AMAZING, WONDERFUL AND MAGICAL TIME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS :)
Can any #Hawks fan explain why their team sucks so much? You guys have Hortford back. What's up?
The k probate!!!!!!! everyone looked GORGEOUS! CONGRATS TO ALL THE NEW AKA'S =) God bless yall
If you want to discuss triple net properties , please let us know
I texted Emily "I thought I'd talk a walk down men" when I meant to say memory lane. Haha embarrassing
Why does ms word spellcheck suggest replacing "kazillions" with "bazillions"? Aren't they both made-up words?
That's what the Kardashians do, they ruin it all :)
#fuckit for real
It's actually pretty good, even though Kris Humphries is an idiot haha
interesting bus experience last night where driver abandoned us for 10 minutes w/o saying a word. Is that normal in Canada?
subliminal mind tricks. Now you're thinking subconsciously about how you miss us.
anytime...I figured you would enjoy it. This was my first time ever hearing of sandplay
": #annoyingshitrubilikestodo SMACK YOUR ASS WHILE WALKING AND THEN WALK INFRONT OF YOU "o i like this trend
RT or tweet me if you think I should tweet more because I just feel like I'm a bit annoying ..
ha, still dont know what im doing
I LOVE YOU J-WOWW=) BIG FAN AND CAN'T TO SEE YOU IN THE NEXT SEASON OF JERSEY SHORE;)
A community leader just asked for a show of support by asking us to stand if we favor this law. We all stood up!
is certainly lamenting Chris Williams going on IR. She loves her VanderBears, & CW might be her fave since retired.
My bad not tomorrow but Wednesday
Quote of the night: Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life!
Thanks for #FF!
thanks! it was a fun project for all involved.
they probably don't
Wtf happened dude? Omg?
Fighting games are the only games where the character's scream random shit.
Come join us this weekend. UZi will kick things off with Thursday nights again. Hip-Hop and Dance beats all night, great drink specials. 18+
Son came home at 10:30 and needed laundry done for track meet tomorrow! It's ready to be put in dryer...so now I can go to bed.
In true HFStival style, we'll be announcing another music act and other special attendees. Stay tuned and spread the word.
we following you! :)
Have a car question? Let us know we can help! Whats your car worth, buying selling, body damage questions?
NYC: this saturday is at LPR..hope to see you there
We are washed out for today folks. Navarro/San Jacinto will resume tomorrow morning at 10am
Hallway Hijinks with He's in a fishbowl.
for some reason it super bugs me when people use too light of an eye shadow and not enough liner/mascara to define eyes.
In honor of #PiDay Classic Slice #pizza get $3.14 off any order of $20 or more for the rest of this awesome day!
So much to plan in such a little time.
fine! haha fo real tho, we love vb! im sure we'll be through there when we start touring again :)
took him 4 months to get in shape. Also removal of Nate led him to stop pouting and/or purposely tanking. Not good signs.
Omg!! Has me ROFL!!! "Are you thinking about converting to mexicanism?" God I Love you!!
Post a picture please! Also tell your neighbors & put some "dirty" clothing outside so she can track you if she's disoriented.
Excited for #AmericasCup tomorrow with the team! We'll be sailing with the #PacificVoyagers to Broadway Pier bright and early!
Did anyone go to the huge Lululemon Sale in Rosemont today? Cc:
Are you OK AgLeadership?When I was in the Ca program we were hosted by yours including an unforgettably beautul eve in GeneAutry
but there going to hell..and they all live in fucking Utah.
This Girl Needs To Call Me
not much. The same thing
Oh ok
Someone have a bad day?
Roll call of first round voting in US Senate race endorsement begins at
NO I DIDN'T GET A RT :(
Attention Starbucks addicts! Help me understand the difference between regular brewed coffee and Caffe Americano.
No he didn't just sneak a neck kiss!!!😳😲😱 I'm feelin mad violated
On this day, may we be reminded that we should build, not destroy. We should plant hope, not despair. We should love, not hate.
That would be awesome!
I Don't Know Any #boringprequels...Unless You Mean Hannibal Rising, Casper Spirited Beginning, Wolverine, Dumb & Dumberer, and Batman Begins
Nice day out gotta start it early
The lyrics and music video to BrokenHearted in completely my song right now... He left me broken hearted last night.
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world. -Unknown Author
Top 3 Church Leadership Issues- Don Cousins= Evangelistic outreach, equip members for service, Solve relational issues
Chi ass need to be sleep too!
many thanks for the RT's. A huge help.
absolutely false my #cubans see Obama as a liberator from CONSERVATIVE GOP ABUSE in ALL ASPECTS of life, ECONOMY to civil rights
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients
Us history class is lame today :P #bored #tired blah
haha I just know!! Freaky I'm shy 
i beat the heat. major programming breakthrough... no A/C necessary. we cooled off the old fashioned way- water.
The worlds oldest man is on the course right now, has been for at least 2 hours, and I don't see finishing anytime soon...
shiet son...when i'm in a writer's groove, shakespeare wakes the f*ck up, reassembles, and then MELTS cause it's that good.
Let's keep our minds open. That's the primary rule to even start to understand the awakening of 2012.
Yes, I just used the word "hooligan" in normal conversation.
Am fairly certain it is a crime to do stare at Excel on a day like this.
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I have been the agent to many soap stars
Just got my ears double pierced :)
I m wondering if #jermeylin will muck up peoples basketball experiences as
ok mom luv ya~
He's MVP b/c he performs when it counts
It's National Nurses Week! Thanks to all the nurses that save lives! Including my mommy!
>.< I need a break from babysitting or I'm going to lose my mind!!
Cutting the first half of your essay and making it the last half of your essay. That's revision, right?
Teeth cleaning in effect right now
RU Faculty! On 10/31 IT will delete Banner course data from Bb that was active from Spring 2010 and previous terms. See announcement in Bb.
Atlanta's settling for three FGs in the Red Zone has contributed to this ending.
nerves of steel on that four wide! Awesome to watch
What is the tool?
$.25 rise in gas prices today...Not acceptable!
Or ask the guy what the capitol of Thailand is.
Giants better come back
Well hello to and and and !
Tracy McGrady is sitting there right now thinking "God dammit"
Good luck ever finding someone who put up with all of your shit as long as I did.
Giants didn't make any mistakes today, we made ALL of them
been out for 2 years in promotional products indusrty great seller.
I'm soo freaking tired, but still have a lot more to do..ugh :/
Great four wheeler ride yesterday with the #MudHogATV people down in Portsmouth. There were 61 ATV's. That will place 2nd in my rides..
Like if you care
are you in mke tonight?
please. And figure fitting dresses.
Coopers being SO good right now! Hasnt tried to attack me in the last hour
Sick skating today .
Where's my Twinny?? :(
Finally going to my first #minnebar campus on April 7. Looking forward to learning & connecting. Like to see sponsor.
Need a shawty
Your Welcome!!!!
That's true. I think that's actually a good sign. First come the early adopters, then the next wave…then friends.
Despair can ravage you, if you turn your head around and look down the path that's lead you here. Because what can you change???
IT'S TEBOW TIME
Congrats to my friend PG Peeples on his election to the Chair of KCTCS. A very big honor for a very good man.
I LOVE CHUCK-E CHEESE!!!! HAHAHAH! <33
Ignited your #AudaciousFaith RT : Reading Sun Stand Still. I have a very audacious prayer for my life right now.
Francona or Oquendo RT : Well, now what? Who is a good fit for the Birds on Bat?
I guess everything bad comes in 3s.
when men u aint heard from in ages pop up outta no where, hittin u with a lyric or two n expect u to just hop back on that band wagon?!<< NO
-would it be useful to get your final grades through a mobile app?
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Horrible penalty there by Hendricks in the O-zone and down 1-0
On the APA roof, waiting to see Discovery shuttle fly by us.
I would look like a complete dumb ass with out auto-correct
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then
Okay so Touch just got really intense!!
oh and also, that Grimm episode was awesome but also slightly disappointing. I thought it would be more epic.
Oh look, its your girlfriend on your twitter (; <333
MSU, Jayhawks, badgers, brewers rugby world cup all playing at pub today lia, Sara and Andrew holding fort down
on Earth everything changes but change itself. In heaven nothing changes. God is constant. Praise God above all.
call again!!
Major disappoint. Maybe I'll just get an iPhone4. Moving up from my antiquated 3 will still still be huge.
Information isn’t power - the ability to fascinate is power.
‎[Campus Bulletin] After our introductory free giveaway today of our new official iPhone app, it will be sold through the GT B&N for $85.
Have you ever seen such a thing?
.: Thanks! If my replacement wears a cape, you'll know I was successful.
thank you ;)
Happy π day!
Lakers going home tonight!
Getting tweets sent your phone and feeling like he's texting you >>>
RT : how boring is twitter lately omg
'people like coldplay &voted for the nazis. you can't trust people...'
Here comes the waterworks.
word? yall leaving me out. no doubt.
olivia pope is fierce
at work on twitter and im mad as hell fuck this shit im tired
i love you.
are u single cuzz I love to mingle with u
"I'm not gay, I just want to boogie to some marvin."
by poison you mean seamen
My favorite thing.. BEAT the SPURS!!! #GoCLIPPERS!! RT : What is there to do in San Antonio?
Pissed all my favorite people is on the west coast and I'm out here on the east with a broke jaw and lonely!
I swear we are going to have snow ball fights in June
35th Annual Leadership Development Institute in the morning!
IM SURROUNDED BY BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!!!!!! #KlusozsSaturdays Bring yo ass!!! Dress Nice tho
why having bday in the summer is pretty kool...un like mine,mine in the skool time
HOLY SMOKES. Getting quotes on car/home insurance & looks like it will be 1/3 of what we pay now. BANANAS!
Figures on the day of my exam our nice weather would go away
I'm fluent in three languages: English, Sarcasm, and Profanity.
My folks just had to unpack the carefully packed POD b/c it was twice the allowable weight at 12 tons. Something about #hoarders ?
Todays mothers day and shit I already got my mom some shit so im good
thats coolio. :-) my family always gets together on st. patty's day to drink and grub all day lol. Ill be at my gma's house You?
they try to spit game but luckily i'm ahead of all their play-time activities.
Why would you say that!?!?! Lbs
I hate this guy, homeless mother fuckers just moochin off my mom. Thinkin hes all that, yet u have no job no nothing and came from a shelter
I'm looking for a few good friends to ride motorcycles with. I've got a 2007 Harley Fat Boy
open your miiiiinnd
The Links Are Up On www.watchnhllive.com Check Us Out To Watch All The Hockey Games.No More Missing Games.Go Register Today!!!
Thank you!
": Google "Let It Snow" and it will be frosty in Arizona for sure."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow back:)
RT : Coming up with alternates to the city of Chicago's new theme song is an absolutely killer way of putting off work
yes we need to Skype soon ! I wanna meet you.
Hmm!! Cats! [: There Just Cute!! Love There Whiskers And There Soft Tail! haha
Can You Smeeeeelll What the Rock is cooking!!!
RT : One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.~ Arnold H. Glasow
I'm SO happy that Aaron Rodgers isn't going to be on the cover of #madden13...hoping Calvin Johnson gets it!
Never hold back on a hug or a smile. It may be the only sunshine some people see all day :)
I have major crushes on my sergeant and staff sergeant 😍oh those marine men.. I think that's how I get through class, is that bad?
Done! <33 I voted for London. (:
#TheHungerGames WOW! Just finished the premier event tonight and was blown away!
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city! Whats good in Charlotte?
Unfortunately no. This was just a one-time event.
Oklahoma misses you!!
Well guess we going to Vegas for my bday
SAME HERE.
I KNOW I FORGOT MY PASSWORD
just give him some margaritas and he'll be fine!
#7: Involve key stakeholders in the process. Important to establish a mtg schedule for #CRM needs. You can determine program pilots.
- Awesome job yesterday Giants, let's see more of the same today and get Zito another win! www.WeBeGreater.com
glglglgl! I'm glued to my computer watching updates! (for you and )
Then you need to hit Bill the Butcher or The Swinery here in West Seattle. Unbelievable. RT : I LOVE PULLED PORK!
Just read everything about the Packers that you can find. It helps. As does rocking back and forth in the corner.
Attention everyone, Re-Tweet if you think #burritos are filling
following a boyfriend or girlfriend - great stuff for fiction.
My sincere condolences to the family and friends of a fellow veteran and community hero, David Wallace.
sweet! Maybe I'll do the same. What good are they if nobody sees them? (my biggest facet that needs improvement haha)
your welcome. :) how was your day?
Can't wait for tonight 🍻🎉
“Then I told them about how the gracious hand of God had been on me...”
Thanks! I'm trying my best.
what do you think about the mlb moves so far?
they seem to be fumbling well and the coaches are doing a good job challenging the plays.
If Gerald Wallace has two more good years left in him, Rudy to New Jersey for Wallace ST and Anthony Morrow is interesting
It's Friday time to Get Stinky :) Hope you all have a good one!
"Shake it like a Polaroid picture"
Congratulations on the #2 spot for 2011...here's hoping to the #1 spot in 2012 - best of luck!
that picture is hilarious
At the Queen City Poetry Slam at Rohs Cafe in Clifton! Get here to check out Floetic Flo...
Matt's ShowUp segment will be on Ch 3 at 9:10 this a.m. Do you, the audience, have any questions you'd like him to answer???
Fucking hailing again. I give up on today.
Surprising/friendly/drinking/Midwest-renaissance -5 words to describe Milwaukee to someone what would you say? #MKEDAY RT
I swear, Close Your Eyes is such a great band. It really is a shame that Shane left.
Wow. You'd have to peel me off the ceiling :)
So many school librarians jobs...
Did any of our followers see last night?! What did you think?!
you're a woo girl
if you want something let me know!
Is Watford a pro?
#FF He starred us once. It felt really good.
49.12% Jonas Bro's : 50.88% ! Tf is this ? Jonas brothers careers are dead & gone .
(1/2) Former UT Editorial Page Editor Robert Kittle speaking at the La Jolla Golden Triangle Rotary Club this morning:
Sounds good to me!...if decide you wanna part with the alembic preamp let me know!....peace ...Lester "Lammy" Johnson..
#nascar # californiacostumes Head2Head: Hendrick or No. 11 -- which will hit 200 first? Denny Hamlin's win in the No. 11 last Sunday at K
About to get on the plane and fly off to paradise..
tried ? MT US city w/ the best ice cream culture? I thought #Boston but.... hello #Columbus!
“ Show me that yu care about US !!!”<=
Volunteering at the animal shelter this weekend. Even though it's winter I hope we can find warm homes for the kitties!
waiting for at Campbell green while we are playing with the central Americans
I saw you sitting at the table across from me but I think you left early.
Ay we on Bob Marley now..what wud we do without lauryn hill & a whitney tribute to open...GN fab way to start CIAA
The awkward moment when my conscience has a british accent so I can't focus on what's rite or wrong cuz I'm so mesmerized :)
So damn excited for the new year, i think im gonna make up a new religion this year n convert 2 it. I need #somethingdifferent n my life
RT : RT : Where can I get a card?--> By going to MyTallyCardz.com
Thanks. Love it when we hear from music educators.
Manny Garcia; great speaker
There is nothing that cannot be done when true concentration is applied.
The Worlds Largest Block Party - www.worldslargestblockparty.com
Talk.to : Best chat across Facebook, Google talk, Pingpong &amp; SMS ...
Ace of spades tonight !!!!!!
is hosting a NJ in the Westfield area!
sounds about right.
Excellent reference. Your stock continues to go up.
make something today, that will remember you!
Went to ask CNA for a blanket. Caught her reading. To my delight it was CATCHING FIRE. Yes, we talked Katniss. Reminded me I'm a writer.
"The Flaming C is on the hunt!"
i'm sure it will! We will see!
Privacy balance can be kids v adults or kids rights v adults responsibilities
Great idea on cloud computing contracts, if you go out of business, we get the source code.
STORY OF MY LIFE!
Today is gonna be alright :-)
uhm no..not everyone. only when they're to afraid of posting pics of themselves
My sister cleans, cooks, and looks cute all the time. Why is she single again?
It's some type of life milestone when you look at a pretty big bruise on your body and have no idea how it got there.
Hey Tedd - Congrats on the album.
Everyone Tweet me #selenatorsrocktheworld and ill RT it
yea Wednesday sounds good. But text me cause i have an appointment that day
He admits he made a mistake! Boi pleeze thats more like a BLUNDER!!!
"sometimes we let perfect be the enemy of good." Food for thought
I just want a day to go by...when I'm not pretending to be happy.
#DenverRepresent me some tracks then!
Their driving home drunk. Oh no they always do this their fucking dumb asses sometimes -.-
You're welcome!
Archie is gonna be AWESOME
Don't forget to fall back everyone! Turn your clocks back tonight :)
Got some fan mail today... I guess I do have fans after all
Thx for the RT! From a Finance perspective, those stats have magnified impact from re: sustainability and risk management
#marketingFAIL RT : looks like we're on the same page then. nothin' like the meat of five guys so close to my face.
yeah, I've heard zumba is fun, but I lack coordination, so we will see what happens! :)
come on, gotta leave room for more discussion of beaded bracelets
Which team is cutting down the nets tonight? UK wildcats or KU jayhawks and what will the score be?
Thanks for the tweet Jeff!
are you sure? I just ordered McDonalds and Curtis was working the drive thru.
love the jacket!
Good luck to all of the contestants competing in the Pennsylvania International Pageant this weekend!
Tennessee Volunteers ‘T ’ Toe Ring – Sterling Silver Jewelry
See you soon!
We are totally okay with that plan. : )
Dave Meltzer is reporting early estimates for #UFC 145 at 700k PPV buys. Good result. Hope UFC can build on this momentum.
Yea yea yea tell me anything
hehe nice!!! One day Madison tweeted me 7 times & RTed & abunch of other stuff lol
Madison makes me happier than my hometown
On #NCLSky w , , and others for
Don Ursillo just asked #JerryRemy who ties his ties, his wife or the guys from
happy to hear you're having great workouts! When's your Bday party? Next weekend?
i got yo back in this beef with funk flex he always turn on ja rule for 50 you never did that
My bbfl loves u!! Worships u!!Do u think u can RT and DM me a happy birthay letter for her it would mean the world to her + me
Will you please follow me. You have helped me follow my dreams as an actress and singer. P.S. Your really pretty :D
u deserve more than that hun ;)
My bro decides to poke me with this thing pretending it's a taser...
Gun rights and voting rights are apples and oranges when talking about IDs. I can't kill someone with my vote.
Hearing & Johan fight at the moment.
Its hilarious that Bill Murray ran around the bases n slid into home before throwing out the first pitch
ok. I can't see spam on my iPad. I will check my home computer as soon as I get home.
You don't go on tour to run away from problems, you go on tour to find the solutions. Life is good.
": My TL is dry like dust right now" im saaaaaayin smh
- what gave me away? The fact that I told almost 2000 people I was cheating?
So pleased to see the updates still coming and the attention still growing. Wish you guys weren't 2000 Miles away.
He's the man. Are you reading this for a class??!
Wanted, #CAPS #certified #OT, #Interiordesigner to work with #AIP clients. Contact or reply to this message. Cheers
At the Bite Me Gourmet Sausage cart, Colorado Springs CO
will not let me follow you back and I can't figure out why~BAMM.
This guy next to me in the changing room wont stop complaining
Remember when $5 movie tickets were ridiculous?
I have tons & tons of homework
Planing New year is not easy people not at all
Watching #Brewers and #Cubs. Love it, even if it is only spring training!
Finally nearing the end--down to the last 2000 files! The number showing in System Preferences did stop updating for a while. (?)
High Five to all my friends who ran in the Warrior Dash yesterday! Congrats!
If Johnny pulls his pants down, I'm out.
Another night of cleaning, this time I don't want to do anything
Motion #1 passes! Motion #2.....passes!
Never keep no weight on you ! Them cats tht sqeeze your guns Can hold jums too
I have the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior. Contact me for a long list of references.
i'm glad your getting so much sleep right now. I went to bed so much later than you and woke up so much earlier.
♫Reach Out And Touch Me♫
Hey guys, we have some good news! We'll tell you guys tonight! Retweet so people can follow us too!
Rain, rain go away....
I Look Cute, But I Forgot My Ear Rings "/
Speaking on the topic of #microfinance and how is changing the industry by providing #transparent #accounting tools !
I love you
i know right
&%!*$! ...all the weird soccer fans are crowding the Terp Zone for this match. Gonna root for Man City to spite them.
PEACE AND LOVE TO YOU...
Sorry to have missed last week's concert, hope to catch a Reely Dan show soon!
Guide Cam APLC leverages mobile to create social intelligence to "modernize museum ops" via M Fitzpatrick
-______- no I'm not jerk ha
thanks Emily!
Congratulations Ben Centra! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
fa show lil cuz haven forgot you get at me might MHSU
#WhOoP QT : About to drop a new beat who wants to hear it?!?!?
Up here at this beat battle watching my nigga clean house one time.
