Although it played a rather minor role in the Civil War, New Orleans was the only city in the CSA to have a population of more than 100,000.
Looking for micro-temporalities in networks means looking, not for flows, but for "bursts," a kind of body politics.
Will the Rangers Win?
Matthew Albritton wrote: Ah hell....it's 1:40 pm... Guess I should get up, put on my big girl panties and get some dad gum work done...ugh.
Are you going to be at NACA? We'll be getting the word out at the Rockthe Cause booth this Saturday. Stop by and say hey!
LOL, good point. Don't you love his idea? Excellent out of the box thinking!
that's what I'm here for :-)
Its like you only want the people thats taken
For a minute there I thought you were whipping your hair around McDonald's in a state of inspiration.
Still noticed some residual keg a few months ago. Will the actual drought period be experienced as it's pushed to the right?
Justin + Brody scored a goal in their soccer games on Saturday. Colorado Fusion is doing a great job this season. www.coloradofusion.org
Off to get two tracks mastered. One you know, one new. Will play 3-4 of our tracks in Chicago :)
RT : Never underestimate your own ability, I mean, God gave it to you, it's got to be incredible!
I'm so glad it's Friday. I don't think I could stand another day at work. I think I'll rest, read and soak in my bathtub all weekend.Ah!!
No, I refuse to serve you next Tuesday, Nikki Adeli! (Not because I'll be at the science fair or anything…) ;)
this is why I love you!
not talking about going home. No way. Never leaving. You can't make me.
All three of our Arts Journalism panel members walked thru the door in succession: , and Hedy Weiss!
What#GrindsMyGears is you you America - Family Guy
Come see some awesome bands from out of state (NYC.SanFran,Detroit) 643 west 31st street 10.00 donation covers all(food,music,cafe)!
No...say it isn't true!
Josh Beckett and Dustin Pedroia love grape soda, what's that tell you?
♥ I always loved him .. even when he was hurt until the pain and move to tears .. ♥
Wonder if I can get to 200 followers by midnight...i follow back...
what's up guys
Re-downloading my entire music library from Google Music after a drive failure. Thank TW Cable doesn't have data caps.
Drove all over the Ohio Valley last weekend to nearly have an encounter with a deer on Emerald Parkway in Dublin tonight.
The best feeling having someone call u balling their eyes out after reading ur script!!!
Back then they didn't want me...
who did it !? Text me now !
The memory of being here with you, is one I'm gonna take my life through. Cause some days stay gold forever.
that is crazy!! RT : Each day, 4 billion YouTube videos are watched (wow!) says
if you are so happy with mediocrity, why mourn over not being good enough?
Twenty nine, more days left... (11/40)
no way. Johnson is too technical. He couldn't handle the intimidator
yeah I know we used to talk every day
I've also apparently acquired a position in some museum's Department of European History and Civilizations. :3
In this month's playboy they had the genesis of the hooded character at the end of the episode, hope they show it next season
next week will be beautiful hang in there !
Looks like were off this weekend. Anything exciting going on in #Sacramento Fri or Sat? We will RT anything for you !
Sitting here with my granddaughter thinking Paige should have picked Bubba Thompson...
Im watching "Insidious" lets hope i dont scream!!!!
EYE can't see you
Driver turns himself in, per Clackamas County S.O.
So, appears that the weeks worth of work I did on ths new site misses a critical component that makes it work. So, redign is in the offing.
I can't hear what's going on in this Korean Drama. I'm eating frosted flakes and it's making too much noise in my brain.
After watching consecutive wendy's commercials. I really want a frosty right now lol!
Its the Baraboo blood... Nothing is made poorly in Baraboo. Bet he was the best lookin Bucky too.
Hey Steven, what's your at-bat song?
Oh, it is SO GOOD! Twisted and dark, but incredible! I hope you enjoy it, I couldn't put it down.
The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans. They voted for the photos they liked best.
My advisor (a Jordan student) claims there was an X-rated parody of White over Black circulating in Berkeley in 60s
That should be the ONLY thing on your linkedin profile.
It's true that money isn't everything — as long as you have enuff. If not, that's all there is
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
can i do it sunday? I'm sry but i don't know how to do it without my phone..
#nw The Wood
“: If ease of use was the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles. ~ Douglas Engelbart” what would be so wrong w/ that??
"I am only one voice, but if u pray with me we are a church, if you sing w me we are a choir, if you scream with me we can change the world"
ayye yo we wanna meet you !but then again who doesnt?
omg just spent an entire weekend watching Say Yes To The Dress marathons and I want to get married SO bad. come and get me!
I love this movie! Natalie Portman is great and you can tell she trained a lot to become a ballerina
NAW I'M GOOD THIS HOW I TALK LIL HOMEY
Famke, Eli, and Netflix? Awesome!
My bro gettin on my nerves
In 20-30 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
wat if im out of town ?? D:
Fuck you 'Pal'.
i freaking hate heartburns, cant eat spicy foods for a week
Fuck yeah loiter squad got a second season!!!!
Thanks. Good looking house. Ill have to check it out.
Time for a smoke
TeamGoodShit...Cant b stoped Blaze like its no 2marrow
hope he don't be doing all this stuff the whole month
and Research and development I'm sure. At least research.
- Unfortunately, SC Gmail plug causes Chrome to lock up when using the "label" shortcut key, rendering it unusable. Removed.
Love Cameron Diaz's gown! Gorgeous!! Also love Sandra Bullock's too! Stunning back on it.
Choose us for your next breakfast meeting!
i hear ya on that but here its hot out. +cant be in sun b/c of z-pk im on.
Heard ur back at recurring cuz of the issue with the kids on camera? Ugh ur way too funny for "recurring"!
I'm glad this is going easier than I thought it was going to be.
let's learn about the law of large numbers...
because we like to be friends with other people who love and :) & i think ur tweets r fun :)
My head hurts. My eyes hurt. My heart hurts. I'm emotionally drained.
OMG why do I feel drained out!!!!
Or, in some cases, help steer clear of the future we DON'T want to have.
I would date her.
Seeing tonight. I'm stoked.
I'm sure they will enjoy watching our escape on the security cameras-ha!
RT : disagree. Guys have rolls. Jansen was not good in the ninth the other day.
youtube.com/dearsubmarine!
Day 3 of NTI in the bag. Looked at some SLO paraphernalia today. Time to see the outside.
I think I've had more patrons interrupt me while I'm trying to help another patron than I have ever experienced before.
Welp God clocked me in for another day
Mayor bloomberg speaking at capitol in albany at signing ceremony for pension reform - "This agreement provides broad based relief."
i wished that would dm me #someday :)
hey ladies, i will definetly have 2 join the chat soon...grad school has taken over, and i miss my fashion world
i just did the tootsie roll at 12:46 am. wow. lol
Strasburg has just finished warming up ;)
you too bro! Hope the celebrations were good...
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful its not the makeup on your face or the padding in your chest, its the inner things. Its upsetting no one realizes it.
STD's Are REAL , Dumb Niggas Be Raw Dogging Hoes & Having Unprotected Sex Like Its NOTHING
Brody: we worked on the premise that language is limited so we looked for new ways of communicating
830pm EST is an acceptable bedtime, yes?
Congrats to ALL who received awards at this afternoon's Closing General Session! List of winners to follow...
A man of great wisdom & taste.": .... I hate hockey."
Out here trying to function! :/
#SecretGinger? So does that mean the carpet doesn't match the drapes?
Thanks for the follow! Would love to help out.
My coworkers are making me laugh lol #ICant with these people
Hey it looks like & are talking about heading down there for lunch early next week!
While you are on the topic - I just started watching & am a fan of Mr. Bates too! He is humble & proud, I respect that.
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative that every family should be able to afford
Pump it up!
I've had two cups today!
This Saturday, 11 am - 2 pm, SECCA & Mock Orange hosting “Take a Kid Mountain Biking Day.” FREE. Enjoy fall with your kids here at SECCA.
I for one would love to see you, a machine built sculpted grown man, spanking children with mittens on lol. Happy holidays Terry
ahahaha! I always seem to get sucked into Intervention marathons.
What a pass by ovechkin!
If you end up going to Magnolia get the German Chocolate cupcake- definitely the best one there! See you soon x
We hope so! Our friend who did them has bot said anything back yet
yeah we are
I suspect most in #mn6 already knew.
Thanks for the recommendation. I do go through the list periodically...will have to do that again soon.
Hey there! Thanks for the RT! Have you entered?
Do not start from scratch. Adapt your slogans in a neutral or regional Spanish. can help
Can we pre-order Tin Swift at your Beaverton appearance Tuesday night?
Tonight is Daylight Savings Time...don't forget to set your clocks back one hour.
This bus omg loll
us too! Ha ha.
92 Food Baskets and hundreds of Chicagoans have a Thanksgiving dinner they couldn't afford. Mission accomplished! www.feedchicago.org
Love me some Fat Allies. Big Fat Hugs 2 Forrest Martin, Gretchen Palmer, Amanda Mercedes Salles, + every other fat ally out there! Thank u!
RT : I want sex on the beach but I don't want sand getting in the wrong places.
Condition improved= 1 Mirror Pond, 1/2 pint of Hop Trip. Pretty disappointed w/ the latter this year.
Going to the Denver  vs. St. Louis  game.  GO BRONCOS!! 
i mean, i think once you've read one old white guy who's invested in attacking sedgwick you've sort of read them all?
The problem with me is I'm a very jealous person...very jealous
Penguins 0-3 in playoffs when playing following a Pirates loss. 2-0 when following a Pirates win.
Yeah....with the L train passing in the background. Love that shot. I wish I had video of my dad seeing that for the first time.
RT : If cleanliness is close to godliness then my closet is burning in hell
This game has been a little odd, no?
apparently there's a bug...so it's not you, it's Twitter :)
yes...dave grohl is amazing.
What a great day to wear a bikini!
Only 3 weeks left until and ’s In the Art of the City event at the gorgeous !
RT : Yes. sez that creating a separate tech strategy necessarily ghetto-izes these efforts.
Is there a premium for home runs in medical care?
Yeah this is the kinda stuff that makes me want to do AmeriCorps or work for the Red Cross.
Why, thank you!
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK!!!!
Haha I was crying:( but a lot of people said it was just for 3 months!
Shell Games -Bright Eyes<3
Getting truly obnoxious and odious anti-union ads before tunes come on in
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
got hurt on thanksgiving... really not that long.
New season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians next week! Yay!
Need a new Sun brunch spot and don't want to wait for hours? I am right now...nice patio and delish mimosas/eggs! Check it out!
RT : I'm just forewarning you before the season starts.
its really funny look on youtube drunk girl at ultra 21012
Lol ok, I right witcha on this 1 man.
chill'n with the caps
Red sox are actually winning ?! Woaahh
So im in vegas an trynna figurre out wat to do
I was missing the mileage limit :(
So tired. Don't wanna go home and do the history project. Can school end already?
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)14
lol all I see are brothers hugging ...am I on the right show??
"you have options" hitting home
Will do man will do. Whatchu think about the playoffs so far... still rooting for the Celts? Can't stand 'em man haha.. NYC all day
#PRTherapy at #TF12 rocked! Awesome advice on how to (and how NOT to) deliver perfect pitch. Thx! ,
Did you know that bigfoot is also known as Skunk Ape? Why? They can emit strong odors like skunks when spooked. Not all bigfoots smell bad.
» Congrats to you and the entire Pixar crew for the Oscar win!
Going to the gym this week. Too cold to be outside.
yea and pirates of the Caribbean . And a lot of other shit! He inspired me to go into making film scores . Shit is super dope
“: #teamlebron stand up!!!!!”. tell em family
Who's fucn with that show tonight! I kno my fam will be in attendance!
what does that mean?
was this around BU? I've biked up there a few times recently and they like to step in front of me...
My day has been a mixture of hunger, anger, and boredom.
that would be insane!! 😜 you come with me instead ;)
“The tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.” ~ Benjamin Mays
"Jenner the Gozerian, by the power vested in me by the state, city and county of New York...."
“ I know I'm throwed off....”atleast u admit it lol
Why are my feet always so cold, and why am I wide awake at 12:30am?
Every lesson forms a new scar
hi who is your favorite we superstar
It is so nice outdoors this morning!!!!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up. Obviously our drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special
To my supervisor, it's been 2 times I've forgotten to count MLK day as a LH- Fri before & time sheet. Wonder if I come across as racist?
Thank you for the mention! We love you and !
#Anarchists protesting in #Seattle today. Will take movement seriously when they fund their own sewers.
I'll be on my way to China✈otherwise I'd take em'!
I like it ! #asha12 full steam ahead. How's the new scheduling system coming along? ?
EWE! I hope they catch him... Ugh! People these days...
Nothing puts me to sleep like the History Channel.
Is that the only thing you could say???
or they don't have the creative capacity to be active citizens in creating one. artists do. that's the dif.
Thanks for following Mark
John Legend is on Find Your Roots on PBS right now!
You have to love Melo's intensity in this game....
Hoping (10556) wins this board so I can share, 1st hand, the cool sustainability stuff is doing with folks at !
Unknown~ A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
: The prelude to tomorrow's Tommy Hunter conversation was classic! This is must listen radio. Full Three!
it was back in like 7th grade... I changed it now. Felt the purpleninja thing is
Maybe me being alone is for the better
scary read about chickens. I am just appalled at what food producers can get away with.
So true. It perpetuates the divergence of opportunity. To start poor is bad enough, then to be colonized means you're screwed
Words with friends is a whole different game after drinking almost a whole bottle of Vodka!
Yeah... I hadn't thought of that. Might be worth exploring tho...
#Rams are on the mock clock at No. 6. Justin Blackmon or Matt Kalil or Fletcher Cox.
Why people say can i ask u something
Love this! :)
Are you being forreal?:D
It's more metal that way.
RT : It's not how big your vocabulary is, it's how you use it.
RT how cool.
: You know me. My filters are low to start with! "Serial killer!" ... "vag*na!"
I only need one way to deal with WordPress emergencies...don't use it. lol
well im waffles from gs.. but call me JAKE
not this time ! I love being single, it's like a vacation away from boys! They have cooties!
Anne frank gave us no luck...i better not catch westbrook on the streets lol
they changed the view of my facebook notifications and I kinda like it this time.
assessment meeting tomorrow-end of the semester for reals--why doesn't anyone ever tell us what all this data is for? Why?
Face 3D scanned, wii mii generated from genetic data, hands mouth forehead & gut swabbed for microbiome, blood drawn - only at
Looking forward to seeing you!
Thanks for the shout out!
see now that's an update I like!! 😊
The #wonderful feeling that only a #sunny warm day can bestow :)
actually...only 4 hrs...all by Phil. What a power hitter.
The arts must be considered an essential element of education... They are tools for living life reflectively, joyfully and with the...
Oh, THAT where. India. The description cites W. Ward's work so it's possible the artist never left the U.S./Europe.
I want to see them succeed and to stop bleeding support.
give him a little credit though. Because he does deserve it.
Eccles better have sprung for open bar...
Yeah, that poor East Coast viewing audience just can't catch a break when it comes to sports!
Gosh darn it! #tears i still love you
that message needs to be said loud and often. So, so true.
We love the way you try so many different styles of Yoga. Maybe there's a teacher training in your future? :)
Thanks and congrats to everyone involved in HellHouse's 4 AVN Award nominations.
I tired to have a conversation but you didn't even try to talk to me
It was so cold at softball.
Lakers are always wanting to fight when they about to lose. Its really pathetic.
yeah the constant act like a d-bag no matter who or where they are.
Is there still an open slot for presenting at TechStartupWorld?
Surprised Manning didn't consider SF more..With Davis and the addition of Moss and Manningham the aerial attack is sick..
Oy vey! 19-0run for Panathanikos vs. Maccabi. Me thinks that it's time to go to sleep...
"Am I going deep into the noun world, daddy?", Patrick asked. Well yes, I said.
Dream job! :) RT : I want to be my personal shopper.
Just got the remastered Kreator "Endless Pain" on CD today. Man, when I was a teen I spun this thing on the turntable endlessly.
thanks for the #follow stay tuned
Ive reached my following limit :O
2 Goals, Draw 1 Red, and injure 3 starters......That's opening a can of WHOOP ASS #sportingkc !
New Year's Eve Countdown: 2 days! What are you most excited for in 2012?
llnar woodley just sent out a thanks to the Seahawks on Facebook . You are lucky he was out last week
WHAT SHALL WE TREND??? #feelingtrendy!!
We are fervently praying psalm 62 today. Join us. Love, THE KRAEMERS
I'm always surprised at the amount of water there is in a waterbottle when I empty it
EPIC's little sister. Less data rate.
Wrong side of the bed? We did take back the park, Hamels hitting Harper Werth and the series win against the Phils.
That's right smashing new beats all day
the truth hurts, that's why people lie
hey Asia what up doe
Eating while watching tv -crunch- crunch-crunch-crunch I CAN'T FREAKING HEAR A THING
Let's go #Boilers!
that's kind of taking god's name in vane especially using a swear word!!!
ahha i know they boys go after them because they are "easy", where having a nice bitching session! haha
Matt is having some difficulty excepting that I beat his high score on the game Temple Run.
When and "Italian" restaurant pronounces everything italian wrong....
um, the "just for you" section is a wonderful selection of AWESOME. not sure when it got there, but sweet!
With gettin down :-)
Dam Yo Class is almost over dam alright well gotto laterz dont stop Rap is Still alive!! Well Byezz!!
Eroding safety net is not RESULT of #GOPFail #Austerity, it's the INTENT!
Where do boricuas watch the Cotto fight tonight out here in Los Angeles?
Correction. Whoever's in charge of the music just cut it off mid-song. Huge cheer from Caps fans.
Thanks for following. What's your beat ?
Officially hit the wall this afternoon...lack of sleep last night is to blame.
that's a terrific movie
hey did you know that the on-hold music you have right now for your 800 number is christian rock?
At Applebee's and love like woe by came on. It's been awhile since I heard this song..
How about if they win an award?
Our next LP should be a concept album about bodegas in the neighborhood where yr most likely to get stabbed by a meth head
On pretty days like this I wish I worked outside! I'm very excited to hit the park for lunch. Grab a couple friends for a #SUBWAY picnic!
yea whenever you start dancing, youll kill the party
only a few times
I love how Zayn Malik has a huge gay following just because he's completely flawless and has amazing looks.
Long, fun day. Shopping to outfit the new office (or should I say studio?), froyo with the littles, and now snuggles and the Wizard of Oz.
Q&A with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 1
I kinda like it
Please note: VHM will be closed Sept 29 and Oct 8 in observance of the Jewish Holidays.
Go check out their website. I support good businesses and charities close to my heart. Support this company and Retweet!
LOVE --> RT : Define yourselves by the good you do and bring in the world, by the truth you speak, and the justice you do.
where do you live
Jesse will pick
Cats don't require milk formulas. Your grocery bill won't give you a headache.
Cold tonight as lows will be in the low to mid 20's. What snow that is left tomorrow will disappear as temps will be mid 50's. Sun returns.
karma's a bitch.
The feeling you get when you know you're doing your math homework right has got to be one of the greatest things ever.
watching the Oscars!
Doh! Never mind. Sectional canceled. Change in schedule. Bummer.
hangout tonight veered towards talking about church and state. Socially, its a sucky hangout. Lovely convo tho, I just dont give a shit.
we had a great time! Wonderful event- thank you!
I want to see heat maps that show the relative amounts of time people spend looking at individual words/lines in poems.
I'm fit and that's good we'll chill if my mom let's her come too
yea when I was on the phone this morning she was saying how your pics were beautiful and congratulations!
"Were the hell is my boyfriend?"
Its hella funny when girls have nappy ass hair!!!
i can't handle my bully(ies) anymore
Hi, lovie! How are you?♥
Believers never die.
My Asian teacher turned on "Oops I Did It Again" in class and got really excited about it. I just learned so much about this lady.
I'd give anything to be on a lounge chair at hvcc right now..
Abbey Road
The earth is but one country and mankind is its citizens.
Waterpark in the morning with 3 year old, then vote on the way home. Awaiting Waukesha County before sleeping. Can already predict last part
That's a very sound theory!
lmao Then I'm Just Gone Be One Black Mf. Anyway I'm Just Evening Out My Skin Tone & Getting Rid Of Scars. Ha ya kno.
Marczak's (sp?) on 17th Ave in uptown might do it. On the West side, Parisi's is some of the best take out in town.
Totally! No problem!
. We're excited to see you! It's been too long.
The real reason to have two monitors RT It's called multi-tasking RT : Watching college hoops qualifies as working, right?
I woke up this morning and I was an owl. was right:O
Hahahaha eww sounds wrong how u said it manny. U hittin on my mom
Advice:take a nap. Eat a good meal. Refresh the brain and body-go study at 3.
Happy people plan actions, they don’t plan results.
Drove by the old Margie's building today...the sign that is in my background is officially GONE! Investigation has officially started...
been meaning to try Firefox 4- how is it?!
yummy the best to DD.
man this nigga don't like me cuz of some past shit lol
A fairly simple (2 day) change just made this game 2x as fun. Hooray! Now I'm going to have a beer.
woot!! sorry - I needed off Sunday. :)
Cellar Door Records is giving away a ticket to It's today! Tweet us your favorite local band and we'll choose a random winner.
Get owned fibs
Just woke up, gonna be late for studio
Thanks for the RT!
wine & relaxing w/
WHAT!? you didn't go. that sucks! I didn't either... so i guess i shouldnt be talking
Please join if you can.
I'll be there sir (Bluemound lot). Where you parking?
Half of these peple are ugly af!
Very cute sock
I'm RAW! I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die, my seed'll be ill like me!
Come check-in tonight and show the bartender, from 7p-8p and receive FREE Bud Select Drafts!!!
Thanks to everyone that has followed us on Twitter! Have you liked us FanMailWraps on Facebook? Also, check out www.fanmailshop.com THANKS!
We just restocked the sticker station! To quote one of yesterday's customers, "Consumable, but not candy." Great for Easter baskets!
Still a SAINTS fan! WHO DAT!
Little suprised he didn't say "Kneel before Garnett!!!"
lol you did the same love sign i did in my twitpic.. your lame!
Im on one!!
Good one coming up tomorrow.
thanks you too! Look forward to working with you more!
bay area rapper stuff? Thank god you listen to good shit dear friend.
Loud laughers: If you aren't going to fill the rest of us in on the joke, please keep it down.
Watching footloose I love this movie I like the first one better though
Given the qualities defining Mr. Mission, I'm more like Senior Adviser to the Undersecretary of Fuddy-Duddies.
John Cornelius O'Callaghan is amazing. The Maine will always be my favorite band.
What's your go-to daily calendar? Any google calendar lovers in the house?
its in the air!
Deep throat gag and choke
Ha! Both RT“: haha. Literally, figuratively, or both?”
Almost got electrocuted by puttin a plug into an outlet
RT : #SecClinton "#Civilsociety should be viewed not as a threat but as an asset to government" Now @ Global Town Hall
We call those amoeba tables & we love them. We loved serving you, thanks for visiting us. So glad you enjoyed!
haha just sleepy
did he wink back?
seriously... these cupcakes. holy shit.
“: Golden Globes. Who cares?? And if you do, why?” Hear, hear. GG's are a joke. Not rich on integrity, either. And... Jets win!
I think his name is Captain Sean Collins :p
I was thinking the same thing. :)
I'm not familar with many social justice blogs. Any favorites? I'd like to read some. Aw you gotta have faith! The YA community
Sex and candy
I would be amused by the Corona Chargers, maybe the Old English Raiders, Burger King Cowboys, Arby's Texans
saw the opening of the original production in the 80's. One of my favorite musicals ever since then.
I am happy for you, enjoy life together
THE MISS RED AND BLACK PAGEANT IS TOMORROW! COME OUT AND SUPPORT
that can be arranged! ;)
skewl ain't kewl homie! I'm keeping it real, studying bra. Chya. Grab me extra handouts?!?!?!
Aye Mikey whats up?
ah discus shoes are so expensive!!
Nothing worse than being sick and not being able to find a comfortable position laying down.
agreed & I think all of our WR make that catch but JMike is a TE
#myweakness loving to hard !
Be sure to follow us on Twitter
Good morning and happy Monday, Anthony! Have you had another chance to look at our service, ? We'd love to discuss it
Nothing beats the sound of the pounding ocean. It calms and invigorates all at the same time.
Hang in there! You are almost done.
Thank you and keep sharing and voting 3 ways everyday in June!! <3
thank you so much ! I'm always so nervous !!
Sitting outside on Ventura Blvd. at Starbucks and it's absolutely perfect weather...finally.
I hear my dishwasher! LoL RT : Fun question...what are you listening to right now?
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Balladonia Raceway in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Thank you so much man for the tweet! we are glad ya dig us! we have more music on the way :)
If Jane Austen were alive she'd be addressing the climate change issues as Sense and Stupidity. You know which side we're on.
lol is that working out well?
noice(: YOU ARE SLEEP LATE a llooooooooooot dont ya?
twitvid or Twitter phone app
NO HE's NOT...he is taken lol
I'm a duck.
Scariest part of the eye dr. Is that machine that blows air in your eye. I think they record it to see how much you jump
I'm so fucking tired
Having bus drivers that are too old to hear directions<
I can only lol at so much on my phone but I watched the video on your website. Straight rockin out like Jimi!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMO MILICEVIC is trending !! Hope you have a wonderful day!
Not old, just human. Writing and typing use different parts of the brain. Writing activates much more "right brain" than typing.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times
A cool #Anywhere5K in Cary, NC 00:22:59 Good luck to all the other runners this weekend
Ha right!? Make it rain!
great job! Congrats! :)
Steve Nash named GM for #Canadian team. There are 6 other players from Canada that play in the NBA. Can you name them? got one.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways put his girl first and not go all the way to miami to see some bitch he don't even know .
Come have a beer on the patio and stick around for them trivia with at 8:00 & vs Portland! $$, prizes & beer!!
less funk, more funkadelic!
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
Nice to finally tweet again
That one was pretty cool. All the intersecting lines, and the way dirt and blue sky bang heads together.
Nomore shout outs? well goodnight.
The Bible was not designed to make sense of our lives, but to create faith in our lives.
Time for a three some me , my bed & my blankets  G.Night! #TeamFollowBack #Follow4Follow #InstantFollow #500ADAY #TeamAutofollow 
Social media and marketing? Not so much. Injury-free exercise for a better quality of life? We get it. CG Philosophie.
damn it, i have a bloody nose. facccck!
Like the bag you see on our cover? Purchase Obagi Elastiderm Eye and receive a FREE Elastilash with Makeup Bag.
I think it's just you are the only one who uses them years later ... RT lmao maybe my all caps intimidated them. :(
Yes, I will be there. I expect you to be there as well...
Tats in weed gots ya bitch tryin to follow me all this ink a walkin master piece
Happy Friday!! We are looking forward to the EntreQuest Happy Hour in a few hours- ...Come and support or just donate!!
absolutely my pleasure.
He's in my Theatre into Film class!!
Excellent. Email me here today RT Yessir! You as well. I'm excited about Bus Trip nxt week.
Cornell University selects Videotel's HD2600 DVD for a new exhibit. Cornell's collections are are a vital part of learning and study.
What's Ellis?
It's evident shallow women outweighs righteous ones 80/20.
awards luncheon. Did you know that the Fortune 500 hold only 12 female CEOs?
The journey out west begins.. about 6 hrs late but its all bueno
U have nothing better 2 do than hate? That saddens me. Im surrounded by love Im sorry 4 whatever happened 2 make u so bitter.
It is in the patient endurance of affliction that the soul is seasoned with grace. FJRoberts
Today has stared out to be the best day out this week seeing my baby booski would make it perfect
absurd position RT Pryor Ohio says only OH lawyers can rep Cle Indians, Cin Reds, other Ohio players-violation of NLRA
the correlation is just not there... What's your point?
I love to watch you sleep
RT : Gnome fans! The will be here at 9am tomorrow as part of his Green Tour of Vegas.
Thanks for the RT!
I NEED A NEW BACKGROUND, FIRST PERSON TO RETWEET WILL GET THEIR TWITCON AS MY BACKGROUND LOL
Re. learning styles. Try to provide internal user education in multiple formats, tutorials, webcasts, etc.
Advertising friends: Stop making advertisements
yup tomorrow:)
What is the DEAL with Clay Buchholz balkinguh?
yep big time. Don't think his own wife believes in his sorry ass, she's in LA lmao
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
i miss you to, how's school?
Don't know why I bother getting to the airport early for the flight back to Nashville from Austin. 4th time and always delayed!
(frowny face) unfortunately, no. wish I were. feel free to give Bob/Becky a hard time about not inviting me : ) have a grt conf!
TOO* RT : When someone says my products to high I say their pockets to low.
my computer isn't doing so well.
RT Chris who?
: ...workers have the power. We do the work. We make them the money. More respect that the big corporate profit hoarder types...
Happy New Year to everyone. This is a leep year so we get one extra day. Hope we use it wisely.
Gotta be honest: if the #NBA doesn't end up having a season, I probably won't notice.
it would be like one of those teenage movies, only with a bunch of adult Browncoats.
It looks like Randy Moss is also looking for a #job in #Boston. via
Good things come to those who wait. Good things come faster to those who go get them.
I rather have things bottled up inside than telling anyone about them. Truth of the matter is nobody really cares about what you feel.
RT : “All models are false; some are useful.” — George Box
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.-Eleanor Roosevelt
I uploaded a video to YouTube..... and then it disappeared. totally done with this chem project
Dang ... I cqan't retweet on my phone! But can we be bestfriends anyway? <3
Between , , and , we have a jam-packed weekend! What are your plans?
Story told by laughing his head off about his dad moving jobs from Mich to Wisc: He too loved to fire people!
lol I'm in austin
you're right .. And sometimes it's not even that bad, lol
Oh damn... I might need to buy that. Thanks!
RT RT : There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning, and yearning. #HAppyHAppyHAppy #TRE$
All of this excitement over #AAM2012 is making me depressed.
We shittin' on everyone else. RT : My Texas followers >
RT : As usual, does me a solid. Always good to me! So good, in fact, I'm giving away a free WEEK of co-working...
Today was ahhhhhhhhhmazing.. Thanks to (; he followed me. <3
tonight-tea, me & writing poetry
run or nap? that is the question
zactly zactly. Get to that... Then we working foreal.
what's good
Done. Let's figure out how to get Dwight Howard on the #mavs now.
I don't want to do a body cleanse to lose weight, I want something that will just clean my body of toxins.
so true
don't want them to take a corner but what investment do they have in DRC and Marsh. They make peanuts.
Nigga I got hands for days lil Boi you can be a test dummy :-)
I wanted to sleep until 10!!!! Geez, the hustle never ends lol.
I USUALLY DON'T DOUBT BUT IM REALLY DOUBTING THIS ONE
You're welcome. Love your blog
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again.
I'll give you bushels of catnip to off the pigs next week.
"My heart is breaking, but there's no use crying"
I wish I could be brave
Thank you Justin!
So fun at #peterdunham 's party. Beautiful products...fabrics...people
RT : An #Aquarius takes things on as challenges so they are the best at whatever they decide to do
SnOOd of the day: many tine tanies on the meeting stye and a session with the new swagster !
Op: bayfront, healthcare, millennium, pension reform, tech park, university, open land
Sounds pretty awesome!
depends if you're going to be annoyed at lack of parking or dig the flow of purple and yellow outside the windows. its picking up
Who won the clash?
Lunch Special! One Free Drink with the purchase of any large salad, pasta, or sandwich!
All Star Chris Chelios was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame today! At #SGD11 we'll auction his signed hockey stick!
lol no hold on
Heading out to L.A. today, on set at 5:30am tomorrow at Sanna Ranch in Agua Dulce. Gonna blow some stuff up! Cool...
Melissa Harris-Perry is on and she is AMAZING!! Love what she had to say about The Help.
What? No CV? Disappointed :( I was sure I'd be seeing you at city hall soon. But congrats!
yeeaa.. but its about 5pm here in California.
Ya know that big fancy aircraft carrier on the avengers? Yea. I want that.
unfortunately, no...I also can't find the sticker that shows the quiet desperation of man...
Making It Through The Yellow Light >>>>
tears of a tiger made me cry in the ending :c soo sadd.
#inappropriatefuneralsongs ice ice baby
HI all my wonderful tweeps! Everything has been so hectic since the wedding. New website look coming soon + blog content. This w/e maybe?
and the saints go marching in!!! What a good game
$1500 Cash Prize
Howie says everyone in the world is supposed to play #WatermelonMan at the same time tonight??
Prepare for battle.
I LOVE when doesnt text me back :((
We should be "format agnostic" RT : Find it amazing how divided librarians are wrt eBooks in libs;Shows both strength/weakness
My sources tell me: Storm is improving! SWELLING HAS LESSENED IN HIS BRAIN! Keep praying :)
CIA thwarts plot by al-Qaida affiliate to destroy U-S bound airliner using bomb w new design on anniversary of death of Osama bin Laden.
College: Sandusky sex abuse trial delayed by 3 weeks The judge overseeing former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky's ch
Mike Bennett, master metal worker at Central Machine Works, is working magic on the Homeless Coach "Pennybacker Bridge" structure!
According to statistics from the American Association of Endodontists, 89% of patients report being satisfied with their root canal therapy.
Beavers lose to former non-DI opponent by 51 at home, then turn around and beat first-place Ducks in Eugene? Say what?
New week. 3 things I (still) don't quite get: 1) soda stream 2) local radio sampling #Whitney over house music 3) Ron Artest = World Peace?
hey rihanna, does the carpet match the curtains?
Hard to say what the best part of today was, but snuggling a friend's new rescued kitten is in the top 5.
i'm BACK! ;) how are you?
Prepping for my music video shoot this weekend! I've waited a long time to make a video like this! So exciting!
#dontbetardy new episode
Working on an imprinted ceramic mug project. Thanks Anissa!!! www.BNoticed.com
so there's this guy i like him he used to like me.... but he doesn't talk to me anymore... and idk what to do... :/
One mind awake can awaken another, The second awake can awaken their next door brother. Three awake can awaken the town By turni
reports that #Baltimore native #JasonWiner's TV pilot #1600Penn has been picked up by #NBC for a fall launch!
what is something you cant live without?
#tu222 still looking for my favorite Twitter tool.
Please follow on Twitter!
damn just realized chris dave, pino, and james poyser are on Adele's new album. sheesh.
dang! well, let's bring back leftovers for a potluck to extend our coma :) want in on this?
#Baseball Mom - up and at it early! Tournament weekend on deck!! :)
Congrads to for getting on stage and a medal
me too. Coffee later?
Playing the wii with my little brother.
Freezing outside waiting for doors for the show tonight in Indy. xp
All I need to do is Worship
Oklahoma drill, here we Go!
Can I follow like 9 more times then??!!
Good morning y'all!!
now that im most likely living in nyc all summer, lets get some shows poppin
strange how Pollux keeps reoccurring in my conversations. the frères éléphants were named after the twin stars of gemini.
Isn't spring glorious? Enjoy!
it sure is! The Ques shuttin it down!
I don't think i can do that...just close your eyes
": Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later" That a no risk return on investment!
hahah natural blonde. dont worry ima natural blonde too but i dyed it
kfoldvik: #sla2010 speakers - please remember to email with your presentations or links to the handouts, if we can post. ...
If that's his hoe, that's your hoe too..& if that's your hoe, that's his hoe too..
She is back. I am happy.
Pizza And Game With My #1 Man
They're going French, trying to make final push for Yann M'Villa?
You are welcome sir
lol yes it does work :) nd you should
Laying in bed knowing you don't have to get up for school is the best feeling.
funny thing is I saw him on Wednesday and he didn't look sick to me
are you alive? (oomf) would like to know and im ptfo. #lovebirdsunite ;)
building brand through social- "it's about honesty and authenticity," says owner
thanks brother! Chicago was such a great time. Glad you had as much fun as we did!
what a coincidence. It's shorts weather here too!
Had a great time in Madison with Now rooting for the Brewers to pick it up at Miller Park
for real? i thought you didnt like hardcore music. the lyrics are whats the best
Why are the Charlotte Bobcats wearing Lakers uniforms?
even though I'm apart of actoraccess - should I sign up for breakdowns express?! Is that only for casting dir? Thoughts?
thank you :) I'm gonna' try. You do the same!
join me in twitter
Happy Valentine's Day! Here's to Neruda, tiny chocolates and overpriced floral arrangements!
UN stands for Unceasing Noise.
See you guys in a few at the station.
But not enough for me to go ''beiliber''
- No, you are not alone Beth! LOL! I obviously have a thing for office supplies too! :)
#3WordsForYou Who wants seconds?
God is Good, All the time
ur harry potter fan? Who do u like?
FRIDAY! :D gonna get down on friday :P
My husband wins at freezer tetris.
Are you serious? And here I am thinking it was Very Badly.
why the fuck you trynna play me !
RT I just ran a Bernanke word cloud and it looks like Roubini.
good thought
sugar and princess dresses! Absolutely!
I miss the stage. I need to get the pipes up and workin real soon. Scales and hooks just don't do it anymore.
Key to beating Royals. Don't throw anything in the strike zone. Ever.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOX
In your work, how closely are designers expected to follow wireframes?
Directioners have put me off One Direction. I'm sick of seeing them every where I go.
Its 71 with the sun out in #Queens New York time to make some moves if you see me in the streets holla at me
its at the house
My pops always makes me feel better.
lol wow! Caps announcers are ok :)
It's Friday! Put us in your #FF and we will come to your house and sing to you while making you dinner :)
I ended up getting them from UNC and NCSU. I know that NCSU has all of them, but you might have to wait a bit. So addicting!
PURSUIT: High-speed police chase underway in West Covina...white mini-van on surface streets.
My first video out
Happy Earth Day!
these niggas wit da hater crew!!
RC Called It! Turn Off The Light Denver! Lakerz Baby! Hell Yes!!
its long. Ill tell you tomorrow girl
soo one day i was on twitter , saw 's twitter went on his youtube account and BAM! fell in love! <3 :D
#DrakeCriesWhen he can't find any more free samples
Can anyone explain to me why Wednesdays are called Hump Day?
Fox soccer report is a joke! highlights from three pointless games.
thank you Ted! Have a fantastic day!
that's what I was thinking. No stay, I come up on the 22nd :)
It is snowing in every direction!
Everything is relevant to an individuals life experiences. However, it keeps us divided to
any chance you & will be doing any #perma songs on the tour? Or just in Atlanta!?...
We're within five days of dropping our May 2012 #podcast! It'll feature five new pieces of #fiction, #creativenonfiction, and #poetry!
Replaced my front speakers and got my last and final amp. System check
Karen O'Connell's tumbling skills make my fake cartwheels look even sadder.
#Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing! Right ?
": Making copies of the study guide and answers to use on the test. #yolo"
Is he that good?
Sent email re: template on WordPress. TY in advance for help.
hey baby anyone want some entertainment? what about me showin you a real good time. Gypsy Rose Lee THE BEST stripper hands down
13 Days left till Mother's Day!!!! We have some great ways on how to THANK MOM!!
very recently, i was excited too!
I can (almost) see if you're running somewhere quick and then home, but to restaurant? Even a casual one, at least put jeans on.
What is your favorite thing to win in a sweepstake? Tell us below.
Or not.
It's a story by a terrific storyteller designed expressly for the platform.
I'm just kidding
: you should be at St. Mark's Books tomorrow from 5:30-7:30 for a party to celebrate the fact NYC's favorite book shop isn't going to close!
ha ha yesir my boy!! We can network and get it in homie
go get em Favre! I wanted either Romo or you. Now that you wiped Dallas it's time to clean house!
Livestrong app kicks ass and makes me look feminine at the same time!
I'm not you fuckin friend
I know!
I feel your pain! All of the Baetti's do. Congrats btw!!
06 Phelps #Cabernet Backus. Astonishingly overpriced. Big cherry nose. Oak, coffee, graphite, smoke wrapped in severe tannins. 89 pts
sounds good... I shall be on that then ...if you wanna let me know what game you want... I van do that or just some local
I tried to e-mail you from my blackberry but its acting stupid!!:(
Srsly ... I am SICK of all the spam that shows up in my @ timeline. growl.
[Matt7:12] Lord Christ said that all things whatsoever we desire that others should do to us we should do even so to them. Let's love others
Suck my cockiness Lick my persuasion
Flying to SD in the morning! Finally going to be reunited with my peeps ;)
Follow Back ?
Lord, make our hearts places of peace &our mind harbors of tranquility. Sow in our souls true love 4 you &for one another ~RT
I watched NHL Playoffs, played ps3, talked on phone, and watched White Men Can't Jump BEFORE turning on sox. Your 2012 Boston Red Sox!
Great to hear from you! What kind of boutique? I will no doubt meet someone who's a mobile apps whiz at #SoSlam tomorrow
The Pistons are playing inspired basketball.
Watch out or auto pilot shout outs - they can get you into all kinds of trouble. Sorry if anybody was offended!
Lety has kept the place hopping today -- went through almost a whole batch of popcorn already.
Time to get started on this Twitter thing.
yepp!! Take pictures its so cool looking(:!!
The penalty for throwing around the word "pandemic" unnecessarily should be immediate exposure to the swine flu...
Explore using title 1 money to purchase computers and internet access for parents?
so annoying. half of my clothes shrink every time i do a load of wash and it's always on cold water. stupid european appliances
cool ! When ?
:( although according to this isnt the end at all. Just the beginning of a whole new adventure.. :/
It wouldn't surprise me. Let's see Def,Dope,EVOO,Yummo, I heard That's Hot was next.
Indeed. Thx. MT : ~80 people belting out pop songs in four #karaoke rooms? Talk about an immersive environment.
Sorry. You must get a lot of misdirected tweets!
they should have Freddy Mercury in hologram form...
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden. ~ Goethe
good looking big homie!
miss you too. We need to catch up!!
Call on Congress to fight the famine and fully fund Feed the Future and #endfamine via
Fox wins IMO so we can get the JPC 2011 re-match!
Hello! nothing much, you ?
It's joy to be able to help care for my mom. She and my son, in spectrum, have gotten so close.
on stage at
Wearing red? Should be. If you care about luck.
#chid480f tracking the resonances between "The Declaration of the United States" and "The Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace"
Nice bomb by Bryce "Bam-Bam" Harper, congrats on your first!
They say "Composting isn’t just garbage, it’s cool" .... but we say composting is hot! More great reporting from
Hello love its Hannah :) how are u?
We can't thank our mothers and women in our lives enough for everything they are and do. (And how they continually put up with us.)
Seeing Iron Man 2 with Steve. There are 10 other people here. at least I got my favorite seat. (@ AMC Theater - Clifton Commons)
Ready to get some home cookin!
You will never know how much you're losing, until you can see that they've replaced you with someone new.
Don't know about you but the Christmas season seemed to come early this year. I'm still stuck back at the 4th of July.
yay #modernfamily! Luke's voice is deepening fast, and Haley got even hotter since last week!
One of the keys to success is persistence. Most people start out fast, but only those who finish strong reach their goals.
are you guys going to be operating on Saturday?
Driving home during floodish weather:// (:
why, of course!
Got School Of Rock later than possibly checking out an open mic venue :)
Cir. J. Raggi (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Idea Nuova v. GM Licensing Group case concerning judicial confirmation of a final arbitral award.
Thank goodness! :-)
To all the Moms in Chula Vista and beyond, we wish you a very Happy Mother's Day!
Hear, hear! #DaBearsStillSuck but at least the fans live and die with their team. It's all about loyalty.
awe, that's so adorable!! & it's been an okay day! it's so cold outside :( I think ima go outside & drink hot chocolate
Real niggas don't speak on shit
had a fabulous summer 2010 and can't wait for exciting summer 2011 :)
Lucky you!! Have a GREAT time! :)
Medical Marijuana for Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient; Long Beach Medical Marijuana Doctor /www.mcsocal.com/blog
follow back? ;)
Yo gotti is performing and all of a sudden people are acting crazy.
What's that you say? A 7/8 time signature? Just wait 'til you hear this one...
I would beg him up talk to Lakers. Bynum for Howard sounds real good right now.
This guy sitting in his car just made a dog noise at me and then waved. Weirdest thing that has happened all day? CHECK
It's hot under these covers
Being called ugly once makes a bigger impact than being called pretty a hundred times.
ace why can't i DM you ?? they tellin me its invalid? ugh nways I LOVE YOU
yeah but 0 finals MVPs and hasn't led them there
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
Saw a commercial for chocolate cover strawberries and I want them now!
All I wanna do is smoke weed and eat pizza all day
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
I might have just eaten an entire pint of Ben and Jerry's Cookie Dough ice cream. Why is ice cream so good?
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU TYPE BITCH IT MESSED UP
we have a bassist now but we do need is a vocalist and maybe a rythm guitarist
#WeLoveNiall because he is irish. <3
Tyler the Creator would have Stevie Wonder @ wide receiver!
hm does alex have a love interest? lol cause then i could be the sister that alex likes ;) if not i'll just be the sister
I know I'm late, but I just wanna say I love it! And the lyrics are amazing also(:
good to hear you are back.
Way to crush it this week in NZ. Nicely done.
yeah! :) that one's good too but its kind of...disneyish...
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do
. celebrates National Roller Coaster Day on 8/16 by offering thrill seekers free rides on The Desperado roller coaster!
OMG!! Is she? When is her comeback?
I live today tomorrow I tweet.
Great travel deals! Need a quote? Let's put a plan in place for your dream vacation.
Oh, I totally want to but I'm in Waukesha getting Seth's hair cut... :( and we are looking to eat when we're done too. Bummer!
MT : Buy my children's book I AM A POLE (AND SO CAN YOU) about a pole figuring just where he fits in. #kidlit <Hilarious!
Burger king
Marquee Mondays tonight ! With !
Do you ever post on FB that Cliff the magician comes in tonight at 9?
About to talk Facebook with at
Cosign!! RT : the first 3 scared me.. then it seemed like all horror movies fell off...
Doing wall sits, gotta start workin my legs for catching.
fun party last night
okay, now I'm fucking pissed. GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE GARRETT. I'm not trying to get anyone's fucking attention! ----
We'll be there! RT : New hashtag! When you see #BRArtFair be on the lookout for all things Broad Ripple Art Fair!
For sure! Not saying my buddy wouldn't be cool, just would be easier if i were w/ ladies is all
Your dad is correct. Plus the combination of drama & humor was compelling. It was epic!
My dad had to get stitches because a tree branch hit him in the face when he was mushroom hunting bahahahhahaha
That was weird
And I know ni**a is just a word, but why would you want to continue to enslave your mind with such a derogatory noun?
Headed to soundcheck!FREE SHOW AT TIPITINAS UPTOWN WITH COREY HENRY FROM REBIRTH!! TONIGHT 10PM
First one to finish the exam...studying till 4am definitely has its perks.
Snow globe day in the parks!
News McIlroy take 2-stroke lead in Shanghai Masters U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy shot a 3-under 69 on Friday to increase
I really want to sing to this boy at chickfila he so cute lol
Share With Friends: | | Music - Acoustic Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
It's madness! (And not the good kind.)
Sneezing and hiccups don't make a good combination.
T'is true.
"You don't show up for work. You show up for life!" - saving this for the motivational pamphlet I will write when I'm 50 & have given up.
Crawling with them" Joseph Mitchell
what's your timeline? I'd be happy to help in any way I can.
so everybody going to get that nasty ass popeyes ugh
Thank you sir!
lol most definitely
What did everybody have for lunch?
I'm sorry bro!
Sorry I fell asleep it was late when we were talking I'm doing good now how was your Christmas?
My world is cold and silent today.
Paper on network analysis and associative paths in #proust accepted for #sts 2011. Looking forward to it!
When I'm about to pass out cuz I haven't had protein and I have hypoglycemia and first thingy dad does is make me a grilled cheese sandwich❤
Do a lit search. There are control studies that have already been done with good outcomes for PRP vs control.
Thanks for the mention. We are nearing launch for and would love to connect if you are interested.
Can I Share Your Work On FB?
Why that song if you don't mind me asking?
“: lol I know , I heard its a little after function ,” yuuummppp
Spot on. Life is exhausting. It's shocking more ppl don't give up.
RT : Denver kicks off 2010 as only NFL team to have 90 or more wins in each of last three decades...
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I had to show you this was trending.
Quote of the day: Destiny is for people who are too lazy to create alternate timelines R. Stevens
McDonalds nearly killed this dude, man.
“: Just stole seat!! :)))” it's okay I farted pretty good in it. Your welcome. 💨
Been super stressed at work. At least tomorrow is Friday. :)
lol I just knocked on your door then I read your reply :(
One last post to WordPress and Hello bed. Busy for a Saturday. I Love this thing called Productivity.
2011 Zund upgrade: Routing 2" substrates on 89" wide table..New technology and more sophisticated software is truly "cutting edge"!
that goes to show how uneducated the world is when it comes to their diet.
Comparing libraries to businesses still makes me uneasy, especially conflating patrons with consumers.
How about pentatonic scales. Let's start with a basic one and continue to more interesting ones. #1: 1,2,3,5,6, Try it!!
Your An Amazing Inspiration You Know That?
RT : Happy 4th TwBirthday! You've been around since 02 April 2008! I forgot how long I have been using Twitter!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right!
I really want to see on Friday! Who wants to go with me ?!
It's not enuff to have an opinion. Pls make it a truly informed one. Thx.
#MizzouNation: I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from the Biggest Little City, Reno, Nevada!
- Elliott is soo getting a caps collar for Hannukah!
Ponder is Spielman's guy, would be shocked if Vikes took. Tannehill. The Khalil/Blackmon/Claiborne decision fascinates me.
ha! just had the same problem, but managed to scrounge up some pb crackers. Another late one, I forsee...
I was so upset that I couldn't be on tinychat with you.. all I have is my iPod, but I can't use tinychat on it..):
awesome profile pic
Just got off an elevator full of iubb athletes, no big haha. They love chipotle too!!
Shabazz isn't nearly as bad as Anderson I shouldn't say that, he is gonna be a great player.
For family fun, have a board game night.
Well, sure enough! For me, the linking element was more the primordial terror than anything else.
thats not a rare sight for that kid. he sits in teh bleachers every game.
Thanks all my friends for everything rockin !
Yeah that's my concern, they trade out of the 17th and the team that ends up there takes someone other than who I picked
And happy to have you!
...therefore, #SocialMedia is just like talking to yourself on a hectic day...
not sure if u saw but they are talking about doing a tweetup on Friday night.
check out the sunrise, it's purple :)
Why does ppl question a pastor or preacher when he drives a cadillac or any nice car but not a drug dealer?
did you attend cranbrook when you were younger?
Today: Treat age spots and melasma with Kligman's Formula! One of our most popular compounds. Call 412-681-6400 NOW to find out more! www.
on NW Sports Tonight at 730 Bert from Last Comic Standing and The Shield!!
I'm LOVING your avatar, way too cute!
Without me :(
next time. Next week?
Thank you---keep up the great work you do!
Hispanics will be the dominant and in many cases the only driver of domestic CPG sales growth.
My roommate told me she was jealous of my self-confidence today. I might actually miss her.
Is this the first time Stan Van Gundy has worn a collared shirt?
Reduce your listing costs, list Illinois properties for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com
(2/2) "Look complicated to far introduced agreeable from you!" What...language is this?
When will he ever notice me ?/:
at my current pace, I'd only need 87 years to catch up to where is now.
yur right yur grown, but there are still consequences for shit yu do. For instance yu still have to bring yo ass back to S.A.
No! I said I was done with females && here you come with your cute sweet talking axx. Hmph! lOl!
Shopping may be a form of recreation but making purchases can be downright self-destructive, especially if it’s on an impulse
Some high level insurance execs feel the entire small group marketplace will migrate to individual business. We shall see.
i wanted to ask yhu somethnn ... but yhu know nevermineddd ..... so boredd.. can wait till superbowl a.k.a. my birthday goin out ...
I think that might be it. I'm opposed to Mom hair.
If you have sanitation complaints with any food establishment in Pike Township, call the Marion County Health Department at 221-2222.
Thanks for having us on COCO today, we appreciate your support for our radiothon!
I feel free! :)
43 degrees in new York city right now.... Nice!!!
I'm not saying it's time to pack up the tent, but the 2011 and 2012 teams were trending in opposite directions at this point.
i did reply bakk!!:)
No one will ever understand how happy The Maine makes me! <3 :) #JohnOhh #Kennedy #Garrett #Jared #Pat <3
1st chapter posted, working on the 2nd now(:
I really just can't wait to see ...
Way to many messages. I'll try to reply as soon as I get a chance.
did you buy tickets yet? mayfair, imax 3d. and maxies for dinner. unless you guys really want mequon
Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,France,Ireland are all an ECB problem. They will deal with it with massive amounts of printed euros, no choice.
Forward Expands Its Institutional Team With a New Hire for Consultant Outreach
They say #UAreWhatUEat but I ain't no #Pussy!!!!!
Congrats on first SEC series win today , Lets go for the sweep tomorrow
Success is not so much what we have as it is what we are.
your minds in the gutter lol. you like the new song?
i wish u the best beautiful... thats my wish!
Preliminary hearing for SDPD officer Anthony Arevelos, accused of sex crimes will start shortly. Expected to last 3 days.
#lionking is like the best disney movie #classic (:
everything happens for a reason IG”
I voted for you once in the people's choice awards. That should be enough, right?
When the fu€k are we getting a new #ASIP to watch?!?
It's to the point where I have to choose between gas or food
GM World
I hate my braces... With a burning passion.
Excuse me UK, but why are you blocking vids to us in America? World Wide Web except in the UK. If you want to watch vids move 2 UK
Rain + Southbound 35 + Easter Sunday = a total and complete cluster. Help!
Congrats! You just earned your "Call Recording Fail" badge! You know the handshake already, right?
I love anything with aliens
Sitting in the car reading a little bit before the crazy shift starts...
Just passed Deion Sanders's house... It is HUGE!
I bet you still have the CD:)
Cant sleep.... I need to get laid!!!!!
what's all this for?
who's your favorite athlete of all time?
Awesome day with my kiddo.
any plans for this wknd yet?
Pre-valentine's Cupid Speed Dating Event Feb 10, 2011 7:00pm at Mr. Pitiful's
I mean if i wake up i wake ......Shit it is what it is
You ever see where people go crazy listening to songs and start goin "OH SHIT!!!" That's how I feel about
So many awesome people at Napoleon right now for
Love this! RT Today's favorite sight from #milan12: Charlotte Perriand's 1938 #prefab constructed by
headed down to the breast cancer walk , hope to see you there ...look for our mascot!!!
My iPhone camera froze on me for the first time. Lost a beautiful, candid moment of happiness for I hate missed photo memories.
Thanks for the follow. Love what you guys do on
cuz I'm a cute lil doggy haha...but I can help you out girl! ;)
Cargos or jeans today?
Redefining racism: Romanian dictionary corrects anti-Semitic and anti-Roma words - National Post
You can tell meter maids are desperate to get citations in when they're trolling parking garages for offenders.
Hard to believe, but it was the same horse & rider. But that--that was special. Thanks!
thank you for the #ff!
Your still coming I hope!
Oh and I'm going to prom. I'll just have to leave the concert early I guess
nope. We'll also be doing the full ride on 8/4. But if there are any other wknds you're thinking, I may know others who'd ride
everywhere I go weed is the subject lol
So proud of you! Your ETSY site looks great!
I'll see you there! Waiting anxiously ;)
I love Old Spice commercials. :)
What are your thoughts on Hakama?
all's good. long as we hold on to our gris gris.
We are trying the new grilled 'nanner, Nutella and marshmallow sandwich at Miller Park.
#Fat and where's my plate?! Lol
Lord knows that this world is cruel. And I ain't the Lord, no I'm just a fool, learning loving somebody don't make them love you
Yeah, you should chill out. You get good reviews by the right people. That's what matters. :)
God is truly awesome! Sometimes he just shows us something that totally blows us away...
Pretty stoked to head to New Jersey for the first time in my life. Bamboozle is gonna be so much fun. Hope to see some of ya there!
What was the trivia question?
Ignore your own advice. RT I should just Bynum for the rest of the night. (Game: What does word does Bynum replace?)
Canstruction is awesome. My event, Akron donated $20k worth of food in 1st year, 2011. Have you built?
I love my aries too :)
then why were u looking at her tweets?
cant send u a DM if u dont follow me brat.
ugh today was ok i guess it couldve been better
Question, I paid for album in April, set release date for June. Does it renew in April and waste the 2 months it was unavailable?
nice pick
. Woo! Congrats! Doesn't it feel awesome to be done with year one?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Kevin Gregg needs to review what the responsibilities of a relief pitcher are.
absolutely. Well put.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 20
Haha key word awkward! Not as awkward as the dancing men though
You know what's a great song? "Warm Spell" by The Church. Seems like a trifle until you get to II.
3mins left omg
Hope the weather is nice in NC next week
Swagat indian carryout FTW!
There are numerous reasons to have #concretefloor landscape designs like wall space
The Superstar is SUPER bratty
you already know!!!
Hey how's going?
did you see what just happened? Roger got sent off. Elbow to face of Chicago dude.
#gatorade monitors social media from a dedicated "war room"
Nice man, that will take care of my summer travel plans.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion <3
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!
lol you never know
ugh I hate how I still think about you. get off my mind.
Col St vs Murray St just started and So. Miss vs Kansas St tips off @ 9:40. The madness has begun and so has breakfast. Come on down!
Bitter. A cocktail essence, IPA and my current state of mind.
I work there so i'm a little biased :)
my brought up a very valid point...Isn't it who likes to party TV-radio style? Think it is. ;)
Good looks...
GODDAMN spurs u scary
Celebrating Women's History Month!
Pretty fucking much...
oh hello!
Crashed out 5828 s pennsylvania
Cleaning up my
Could not be truer
just had the BEST DREAM EVER!!!!! involves..... me.....Princeton....... AND ALOT OF MAKING OUT!!!!
I wear hollister im a swag demolisher.
Hockey from a team in the desert again a city that really Didnt exist a hundred years ago.... Just not right
yes you will haha.
"HR Information Systems isn't rocket science..." and then a guy from NASA gets up and starts his presentation at Aquire's WISDOM 2012
It's like everybody is leaving summer camp...
Why is everyone saying that Ariana is leaving Victorious?? Someone tell me :0
I have HP 56 & 57 ink carts if anyone can use them!
Wait. What. Huh? You are moving to Amsterdam ?
Happy Friday!
Sounds good to me :)
OH: "I don't know the people at the iCloud. Forget it. Not doing it..."
INDEED! Mitts money can't buy character, a conscience, or compassion for human beings. He’s like a fish out of water with people
Well I have a CATS themed video coming out this Wen. No costumes though =P
Love our new followers! Donate Ad Space, wear our Tshirts!
Won't you wake up... Wake up and walk in the light. Wake up wake up bring substance to your life. -EWF
#youcandobetter if u walk around wit no hairline and think u all that
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them
Wanna come over so we can eat ice cream & be depressed together? :(
goode family is on at the gym but no sound
An important part of a lawyer's job is to tell clients things they don't want to hear, and to do so forcefully.
Thought for Today: Move More! Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isn;t just a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
Feel like god on my side rite now!
#libchat Was your program well received and attended?
Dude i love this mixtape!! What you think?
Where can I find a shop selling green drinks at #expowest?
I'm allergic to pineapple but love it anyways so I sometimes forget & end up hurting for days afterwards...can I be allergic to Oklahoma?
Yes'm. School-night drank? Also /cc:
today sucks
no prob n may we exchange numbers
Little scrub for you dub
Can't sleep... Might as well stay up and get a ton of work done!
I'm gaga for
"haha weeping pussy willow" - me "I hate that word# - "What, willow? Willow willow willow willow willow!" - me Haha :]
You're right Carlos. Motives are more interesting to examine. Start examining then Oh Great One
Sadly. I want something else so badly. :P
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
For those who are concerned, we will have a official website up soon so you guys can buy merch there. We'll keep you posted. :-)
Aw! Kinda makes me wish it would snow here...kinda.
Michael Symon Nephew Charged With Tagging - Cleveland Scene Weekly
Thank's for retweeting define!
AMAZING website that calls your friends and family with a message from Santa. Happy Holidays! www.sendacallfromsanta.com
Next up: LiVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #boston across from #Fenway after the sox-yanks game this Saturday!
It's about agribusiness, not Cdns health and safety.
the teachers know what they are doing and the pick the right dancers the majority of the time.
You will LOVE it! RT : Good topic. I just started reading Leaving Atlanta by Tayari Jones.
I know y'all are dying for my lineup this week, so here we go: Watson, Watney, Garrigus, Sae, Huh, and Stroud.
Mountain Trust Mortgage and Realty Services - We work with you to help you get into the home of your dreams at a price you can afford.
ok alright :)
Awww, I had a bunny like that --- his name was Bernie. He was a Bernie Rabbit.
It goes up & down, its just up & down, she's cryin now but she'll laugh again.
Went for a jog today for the first time in a long time....
Maybe I procrastinate because I work better under pressure. No?
Limited release unfortunately. We did one small 7 barrel batch, so when it's gone... it's gone!
I think the Cubs got a break there. Should be out at first.
Too much good #tv on Wednesday night for my dvr to handle
Gordon?! That guy isn't worth a cunt of cold piss!!!
Who decides what jersey they will wear, home or away???
Another quake shook Japan. Keep them in your prayers!!!
Avicii is in ...let the games begin....
MFAH has induced museum envy. Dell and others need to step up and build a truly world class museum in Austin by 2020.
Anisotropic Dirac cones for next-generation electronics (NanotechwebTechUpdate) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology Stories
Loookin forward to today.❤
actually i want everything in the world right now.....
SF's Rasellas on Fillmore has Latin Jazz Thursdays. Good food, surprise guests, 8:30pm-1am TIP Park at the Safeway lot for free!!!!
I'd say 75%. So much hairy Lamas rapping. RT : BODY ROCK...see Lorenzo Lamas wear outfits with 25% of the material ripped off.
Heading to Vegas Monday for #nabshow. This high school student's "first time." Any must sees?
Anybody else having an issue with their #wordpress website today, or is it just me?
Thanks Guys.
