My first galette since leaving France = amazing.
law of attraction! xoxo
Israeli ministers: Election won't affect Iran - CBS News
RT : Only Natural Pet Store Tennis Balls 5-Pack: Don t EVER make the mistake of buying tennis balls from a pet tennis......
I love the #Orioles. Always have, always will. But I dont understand how some of you are so excited for #OpeningDay. They are going to suck!
Dedicated Server or Secure High Availability VPS, which would you choose?
Anointed By God tho
have audition lessons jn my room about 1x/wk & really like to see clear objective &product at end + where they would go frm there
How much is AT&T going to pillage me for a 1-min call to Canada without an international calling plan?
I have never been so stymied by a bug before. Holy crap.
Our passport office has received over 1,000 passport applications! Were you one of them? Will you be one of the next 1,000?
Jean 'Moebius' Giraud, R.I.P. Thanks to the late, lamented Epic Comics for introducing me to his work in the 80s.
Libraries are a record and a source of innovation!
checking out the Tweets...
Well they did it. I got revenge, early birthday wish, and the Caps move on to the East semi-finals. Bye Rangers!
omgg I always imagine that too!
Who wants my 2,000 tweet?!
I've missed talking to you!!
I need to stop sleeping w/ my glasses on. Idk where they are now.
RT : Being black doesn't make you a bad person. It just increases the chances.
#calvinjohnson might be the best nfl player regardless of position...
Doing research on Pig's Trotters. Librarians, any good search tips for food history and origin?
Man.. I wanna smoke nbs.. wats good on a late nite session? lol
Ouch. The grammar on signs and in the newspaper is one of the bigger disappointments in Muncie. That, and the civil engineering.
please ask your followers to add me. Would greatly be appreciated!
I'm great, thanks for asking. What did you get your mba in?
bring it home if there is a white Michael Kors watch in there.
Actually super obsessed with 's boyfriend song
Just followed Amex - is this a good idea?
Epic #Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones {#SMASH] is the #NYC MUST SEE SHOW | For Free Tickets contact & follow ---
went to summer camp in Zachery. u did revivals in my hometown (Mt. Vernon, IL). Do you hear from Bro. Jimmy since he left?
Did you know: Martin Flyer uses 95% platinum in our engagement rings?
++early. Can't wait/would love to see the resulting photo...
RT : #brokeniggastatement take me 2 walmart get some dickies b4 we hit the club- LMFAO W.O.R.D.
''Silly phone, that wasn't a "missed" call. That was a "I looked and saw who it was and pressed ignore" call."
Why did big sean followed me!! To happy right now
I minister tonight and I know God is already doing big things for tonight... How many could say AMEN! God bless and pray for me!
Busy busy! Hope to see you!
Insane Producer, whilst standing next to a full water cooler, "Why don't we have any water?!"
I am away from my phone but please leave me a voice or text message. Thanks
event planning company names
Such a crazy day for football.
Watching "Hannah Montana".
“: Today we remember Gene Roddenberry of on what would have been his 90th birthday. #TBG” RT - a visionary!
did u not play in the NYC tourney? PSN is what I play Bc of the big tourneys
are you in minneapolis? what is the knitting scene like?
Happy birthday Star Wars!!!
Follow Friday. (Get him to Sign The Petition)
Trying to write my final paper for Asian Philosophies... Can I please just graduate college already?
I'll hold out hope that NBC will put The Office out of it's misery after next year.
ladies, you are breaking my heart. Actually, I'm laughing inside
how many know?
not much hoping to get more pics for our collage. Have you heard about it?
Don't Pull the thang out. Unless you prepared to BANG!
Good advice--especially for the stuff with fish in it. What all are you putting in your kimchi at the moment?
I wish, I have to work :(
So is PayPal completely non user friendly now? Makes me never want to use it!
guy friends will always be guy friends and never more than that
"I don't know what that is nor do I care to find out." Re: Diablo 3
Just kidding.
and where oh where have YOU been!?! :) how are you!!
I had sex with Harry Styles because he wanted me... Me likey.
and laundry while we're at it..
YOU GUYS ARE INCREDIBLE! loved every album
Why does FIFA 12 come out the day I leave for basic? Smh
is your sister coming into town or are we going down to occupy denver and beating up hippies? i'm confused :P
Black Heart by not mentioned yet. Great series end.
domo I just don't like it. It don't fit me lol. But I was just seeing if you knew a place that delt with phones.
That random text last night<<<
Whoa that was close
sweet dreams :)
I just wannabe successful. #RealTalk ...
dyed my hair lighter ! 💆👍
you will!!
Cocktails with CIO's and helping young rising tech stars at #techbash11 on 11/15 hosted by
Two words: Hall and Oates.
I'm following you so write something meaningful.
condolence to the friends and family of Smoking Joe Frazier, a great man who help make Ali the greatest.
Get out at 11:30 after exams. Religion and algebra.
Thanks for recommending us to hope he'll stop by while in Chicago.
Great day for some Diddy Kong racing
Some mf's are #nobueno what so ever..-_- simple minded asses...
That sounds fantastic! Would love to set up time soon to Skype "meet" since you're a member of the family now too
I don't even know why people think this movie is scary
Anyone have tips on getting your twitter feed a little more organized?
Fuck Chicago, shout outs to L.A be there n aug ,
I've been watching that alleluia
My greatest accomplishment-MY CHILDREN!
thanks for the shout out!
that's what I am talking about! Me too.
nah feeling lazeeeeh
omg im so ashaemd
I hope you're feeling better.
Seeing Nick Passio play Shoulder to the Wheel the other night at Geoff Rickly's show really made me wanna see
I'm pretty sure we just went through like 30 songs......
I want one too! :)
Living the Dream: We Love You, Dash
Thanks for the follow , , , Glad we can share our passion together here :)
RT if you'd rather be shopping! What store will you be visiting?
"Great, knowledgeable staff, very friendly environment!!!" -thank you Farrell. We appreciate you saying so!
getting probably enough money to get you there and back one day
worth it :) we are going to hurt tomorrow
Pass= I don't see it for what ever reason.
Bjørnshauge:Already 10 yrs of hard work on OA, but can we really make it work thru global collaboration & building infrastructure?
I hope its nice out!
Being president is a bad role model? I guess having a mommy with no brains is. Oh look daughter has no brains either
latin: micare, "to glitter".
Well, I think it's that (it's in our constitution) and electoral college and Post Past the ..winner takes all.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. ~ Margaret Fuller
“: Girls always ask "where are all the good guys at?" they're in the friend zone where you left them.” amen bro!
MirrorSleeves reached 400 fans on Facebook today! Awesome! If you have not joined us on FB yet, please LIKE us...
brain melt. work overload. Yet- extremely happy about the accomplishments I've made today, this week, this year, and throughout college. <3
yo this is hot if yall need beats let me know yall got some heat on yall if yall want to do a track togetherwe can
KentUcky smashes that lineup in December.
Do you have a charity benefit, fundraiser or giving event coming up? Use the hashtag #givebackDetroit to let tweeps know!
The Weather Channel greenlit a new documentary series "Hurricane Hunters" about pilots who fly into the massive storms for meteorological d…
have you tried to get tickets? We should try to go
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout When Someone Pulls Out There Phone ( It's Gettin REAL )
please follow :)
yay but dont get me mixed up with a polar bear theres no diffrence because i finally got to go outside today -angels hermonica
I would rather host The Last Supper in my asshole than watch another week of
I'm full of bad today!
tight skinies and if u have a half hang off tee wear it!
Kathy thanks for following - I returned the favor. Great wine this weekend but I would die for 1 of your cupcakes!
There's some heavy mix tape nostalgia and name dropping going on...
I didn't say that u said you didn't like him
That awkward moment when you wake up and your dog is licking your face and you think it's your boyfriend.....
It's a GREAT NAME! What is your middle name?? Can u guess mine???
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead
Success is a staircase, not a doorway.
In another life I could be ur girl keep th promises we made be us gainst the world in nother life u would stay+wouldn't be th 1 who got away
Happy Monday!
Bindery Workers Job Description
I like old names. Omg. My poor future children.
How many runners was it?
Hope you had a good one. Looks like we all had a busy weekend. One last Happy Mom's Day Miz Jen!!!
Sorting through piles of emails
A Michael C. Hall fan! :)
I hear great things about and know a few ppl who are involved. That's cool!
it funny how im the bad guy lol but i dont get a fucc do you boo boo lol
A Veteran's Death, the Nation's Shame
Having a good day :)
Trying to figure out what to do for my boyfriend's birthday on the 20th. It's the same day as the NATO summit so...go to a protest?
just bc your a perv doesn't mean I'm one...I get more than my fair share hon
Thanks for climbing aboard!
'cuz we can: dogfooded a little Twitter Bootstrap app on Pantheon to help users verify their DNS settings:...
who? and whats up come out tonight mondrian then haven
At the White Rabbit getting set up for my show, go on at 10...come on down!!!
Formal starts at 7pm! Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium & you will be directed to the proper room! See ya there!!!
Working on #FAFSA issue with a client.
Sleepover with next week eh?
i spent half the day in handcuffs....
That is what we love to hear, Emily! We hope to see you again soon. What was your favorite thing about San Francisco?
#chocolate dream.
LANDSCAPES is the theme for May Photo Contest. Please submit your best landscape photo to !
I'm kind of wishing NHL's Brendan Shanahan would take a few lessons from him.
That movie makes my heart hurt.
": #Libra men can give you best of both worlds. What else can you ask for?"
hahahahahahahaha that flipping made my day. We'll see if is going to ;) hahahahaha cause eeryone else is ;)
Be loud, let your colors show
Time to shower 🛀💦
Filmed our 3rd short this weekend, which means one things. Blowout wrap party for our first 3 films!!! Details coming soon.
I have tea in the morning rather than coffee. Coffee shouts, “Wake up!” Tea just suggests it in a calm, civilized tone.
sorry to hear you had a rough weekend. 1 kid with lots o' homework and 1 sick kid here.
You forgot to mention the two MOST POPULAR films made for CMF, AFRO THUNDA & MAN CRUSH which are ALSO going to CANNES.
I'm not
Awesome motivation technique you haz
If you are a blogger and use wordpress, please please please use categories and tags, they are there for a reason.
Be sure to stop by the Terracotta booth. Eric Mizell (from Atlanta) will be there.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants Is the D 😂
take the battery out and hide it somewhere
Steve Blank () talking about startups at !
I'll find something for you to carry.
Happy TUESDAY! : Have a gorgeous day!
We have much to do together, Let us do it in wisdom and love and joy..Let us make this the human experience ~ Gary Zukav
Dont be totally woried about everything that's going around you it's my job -God
Gemini is the best sign ever! If your a Gemini RT this and follow me.ill damn sure follow you cause I'm
finishin up my project ..u??
Sad but true observation: Modern technology owes ecology an apology.- Alan M. Eddison
You been looking places?
what other thing would we be doing but raging?
Prospects who receive nurturing emails have a likelihood of responding increase by 3.5 percent.
I am good, just chilling with my brothers watching the games! Where u watching the games at?
um thanks for texting me back!!
I'm thinking they are frustrated disc jockeys... Or just really annoying and don't realize it yet. :)
The fact that he puts up with my stubborn ass>>>
Madrid drop another 2! Given the inevitable #Barca April Clásico win that is an effective 3 point lead with 9 remaining games. Vamos Barça!
I did. Autocorrect strikes again
I still don't know who Tyler the Creator is
It's a special brand of cruelty to take a beer geek to a brew pub for lunch & disallow alcohol consumption.
I miss my parents 😥
Good luck on finals this week, Jags!
Well, heck. If that doesn't do it, nothing will.
This hoe fat
Aramis Ramirez is terrible. Cut him.
Why try to water plants & u know damn well its nothing u can do with that dead as plant. Boys are like plants they won't grow.. up
Shout out to my friend Justin Osmond: [ #audiology Hearing with My Heart: Interview with Justin Osmond ow.ly/1eg1y4]
Social Media is NO LONGER for "amateurs" - today the audience is much more savvy - not worth risking your brand to save a buck...
There are pleasures that take a long time and virtues that require discipline and difficulty. - brian mclaren
After a while all the fun seems to die . Closer and closer to your last day
Louisville surprising early shooting three and offensive rebounding better than expected
My mom semt me four boxes of Freihofers chocolate chip cookies. Amazing how good cookies from a box can be,
#sacramento What do you mean I have a great name? YOU have an awesome name!
just admitted that he used to bark back in the day when DMX would come on at parties. (Admit it- you did too)
' Why do you hate me? Is it because I farted that time?
wtf is going on on espn right now...dancing bimbos, a special guest not even a baseball player, and no mention of the WS champs
We could hunt squirrels!
99% sure I saw pedway stalker at my train stop this morning. BRB, researching where to buy a taser.
Feeling #thankful! Give someone a smile today. It's contagious.
We love updates from Team Bookin' It! MT I'm planning my couch to 5k workout routine. I'm running & raising money for
yo twiggah Guess who's back ?
ya hay twitcam? :O
I'm loving watching #DSOlive today from Washington DC!
Vegas I will be home soon thank god 2011 is over with and hopefully I won't spend the holidays overseas
- Lhhh Girl Its Okay. Lhh Is the legends close to where you and tay stay ?
RFT! : It's sad. I give great advice, but can never follow my own words..
Who's coming by for Theory Trivia @ 7:30? We've got great drink specials like $6 avion margaritas, $4 pacifico & $4 victoria drafts
what was your favorite goodie in your goodie bag gift you won from our Open House?
Yes. Real craftsmanship.
about time for lunch... what's it going to be?
Trying out a new hairstyle every night. Tonight: casually messy with bangs
yes but I'll knock math as much as I want thank you very much. I refuse to do that shit anymore
‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s just sent one of his party to find Corinne True, whose son Davis died last night.
Sorry we missed you! Thank you so much for sharing our hours with others. I'd be happy to give you a tour in the future!
noodle candy for the day: "In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards." -Robert Anton Wilson
u are going sleep
Do install the 3.2 version? It is much better! Now you can look for dictionary or translate words on line.
I am getting ready to start my last blog entry for 2011. It will be published shortly! :)
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
have you started yet?!
good morning insomnia!!!
That's a woman in that avi??? Nigga I don't believe you!
ok cool
Yes I can
Thx for the RT and interest!
Daughter is on first day of week long 50 mi hike on a part of Appalachian Trail. Sent text message. Modern-day version of postcard from home
”philosopher Julez” it is today. Hope u have a good day, keep the quotes coming
urghhhh that annoys me so much! <AB
Drinking beers & looking 4 hugs at w/
It's going well! When are you guys coming to visit us? It's time for a visit.
SportingKC will knock the LAgalaxy out of this orbit.
inside Or Outside Ur Body!!..
you're one in a 3 billion!
Loved that book.
SOS?? I went in there Wednesday and pulled 52 and they were on 50!!! Sad to say one of the best moments of my week??
Erica is shaving her legs. This should be a day marked in history.
Are you up late...or early? Isn't it already Wednesday where you are?
Not getting painting done...
15 days till spring break, <3
Psst..just heard the Blellow API is in final testing & will be open to a few developers in the next few days...want in? Let us know!
yes. That is the luck I have.
Don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not - because who you are is awesome.
Advice to self: Don't tweet angry. Wait til you can tweet it funny, which may be a long enough time for the radioactive poison to work.
Insane leglise blubber talk=Obama
a Centrist becomes a bit radical in the face of extremes, something with which the radical left and TP agenda is familiar.
It shouldn't have been that close. The offense dug the hole, but the offense got them out, too. Well done.
I feel better now RT : RT : Boredom tun up
Shout out to bright, personable, and patient young lead sales consultant Maurice Mack at AT&T Dearborn, MI Store! A KEEPER
was it good? (the sour apple and vitamin water)
Baby you should let me love you
She needa get her a piece of american pie and take her a bite out, that's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out.
But don't get their strategy in picking the 1st 2 singles. Not my choice, think the ones that weren't considered are the gems
Good morning everyone.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Np bro.. I thank you and Evan and everyone for gettin this thing together, its honestly the most fun i have had in years.
Muscles are so sore!! just the way I like it
RT : FREE #IndieChicksAnthology stories about #love #marriage #kids #dreams #writing Sneak peeks in 25 novels...
2 MUST-READ books, both by Energy Bus and Training Camp. These are great resources 4 Coaches, Business, Teams & LIFE!
Ill be in Texas in May
I love a good #challenge (especially #food related) :o) RT o/ it´s challenging...but fun! :D
Aw, the customer from Saturday called to tell me how much they liked the aircraft carrier cake!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
I don't have that kinda time player.
Awesome new local San Francisco band w/a a great sound New Diplomat... check out www.newdiplomat.net
I don't do african boys , they crazy lol .
Amazing win tonight for the Mavs!!!
Rise and shine it's seminar time then road trippin
Been Havin A Gud Birthday Week..2 Parties Down/2 More To Go Thanx Ta Everybody Who Been Rollin Wit Me....We Live This Weekend!!-Breeze DTA-
Best man date ever!! From what i remember... RT : Man date on sweetest day with !!!
you should put your logo and make the page less scary and more ppl friendly
Hope school tomorrow goes better than Sat...
I made the mistake of discovering dark-chocolate Reese's cups. Goodbye to my fit, slender body.
its fun talking to you;)
follow me... Belieber always..
Thank you!
Less then 6 hours...
Joke? What joke?
I dont know about Cookie Dough vodka :-X But Three Olives Fluffed is great with some hot chocolate. Yummy!
Enjoyed helping my Mom navigate Linkedin. After 16 years teaching she is looking for a new career.
Come to beer and blog tonight... 4-6 @ green dragon.
#FF is the City of Philadelphia's art/culture/creative office--a great place to check out for arts news and resources.
Nosebleeds are gross.
hahaha i'll do my best! thanks!
happy birthday!!
Wish I could go to Ukraine... right about now...
Jordan stayed and built a winner after he couldn't get past Isaiah and the Pistons. LeBron jumped ship to Miami (1/2)
I La La LOVE #Snooki :*
New post: Peter Cellars - a fun family winery
yes it will!
Can't sleep. No one to talk to :/
i killed a man once for saying that was the best band ever
Circle your right foot clockwise and draw a 6 in the air with your right finger...can you keep your foot heading in a clockwise direction?
kicks off tomorrow! Join us at Steny's st 5 for a firkin tapping of Maker's Demise along with 5 other beers!
°o° DAE wear sunglasses on Rock'N Rollercoaster to keep tears from streaming from their face?
The team at MacSpeakers had a great week. We're off to a good start this year and off for the weekend!
Going to 30A tomorrow with Cuz Karen and friend Denise. Have to pack a lot of beach into 48 hours.
Yo...Josh killed that ish on #Idol damn brotha the godfather heard that!!!
just got asked out on a date by a stranger selling tickets. i'm almost flattered. ha
Good Morning everyone! Happy Monday! :)
I'm a reporter with SD union tribune, working on story re St. Jude Academy closing its doors. Would like to do interview.
Erica you're a hashtag pro! Kelli I think you're right--my tweets were top secret!
Btw I'm a genius who can't go to the game bc I bought tickets not thinkin about my final exam tomorrow at 6pm.
that's a great idea, short ones or really short one?
might I suggest that you move your Google calender on blogspot somewhere else, it is getting in the way of your articles
dude same here. i have enough hershey kisses to feed all of the children in Africa
Make Koney famous
great seeing you at vtr! and I thought of one more drink for the OU bar - hot nut shots from Tonys!
dayuuuuum!!!! You're my hero! ^_^
Bringin light-skinned cats back in style?! Lol...
We did it! 21% over our original goal, we successfully funded God of Blades through Thank you ALL who have helped us get here!
Um Heck Yea!!! Can't wait to hear it Werrrrrrrd
Big win!!
We're at Community Health Network at 7330 Shadeland Station. 11-1 for lunch.
woo! Happy Birthday Kenny!! #MissYouBoth haha
FHA buyers....please understand....you must put in many offers to get one accepted.
#RIPMCA my favorite Beastie Boys song : Professor Booty
We are having a assembly and I might have it a lill longer
Read your post on the 311 App, if you really want to understand our selection process I would be happy to talk to you.
hahaha, i just got your tweet -.-
Watching Judy Garland movies....I love TCM...
Emotional ass episode. Got me leakin haha.
When I try to sleep its never the dog OR the train. Its the dog AND then the train, or the train AND then the dog. Double noise. :(
Sustainable businesses need 'em.
Kid in my class today came up with a comic about "Mine Craft Mom"
green eggs and kane
Adversity is the foundation of virtue. -Japanese proverb
It's my dads bday tomorrow...looks like a celebration all weekend!
This a really good game
I'm sitting at work watching suspect shit go down? Or is there such thing as pregnancy paranoia?
Tobe - Are you prepared to make the leap from customer service to customer experience?
Just opened Pinterest to find my boards covered with CATS! NYPL, what are you doing to me!?!
owned #NeverSayNeverDVD for 3 days, watched it 3 times.. 3 for 3.. should we watch it again?
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP) -- Penn State provides more than $5.5 million in payments and benefits to Paterno estate.
Thank you for your support!
Friday's w/Krystal in LONG ISLAND - Eisenhower Park in East Meadow (Nassau County 2:00pm - 3:30pm
Justin Bieber Mouse Cursor ? Oh yus <3
If you feel a model who makes 1.8 mil needs "child support" then you must feel a woman's place in in the kitchen. It is 2012, not 1955
FRESH NEW STICKY NUGPORN DANK IN: Royal Purple, 619 OG, Lemon Kush, Shaman, Plane Wreck, Super Berry Queen Hash & more WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy ;)
Holy neatness!! You guys make such a great couple <3
NEED A CUT OR COLOR BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS!? We have openings today, call for a spot between 1:00-6:00 PM / CALL (773) 252-9522
Just finished interviewing Julianne Yates of Gallery Heist for Culturcosm. "Now or Never" indeed! Inspiring.
I am not sure what I am doing here yet....when I figure it out I will let you know....and write something insanely provocative.
Instead, we invite you to join artistic director Jonathan Miller and ensemble member Trevor Mitchell for post-concert chats!
Rx denial (via CVS in FL) recently happened to my mother after her insurance comp made her switch from local pharmacist.
I want to lay out in the rain and take a nap.
is cracking!!!!!
HR pros apparently take their bingo very seriously. It's down home nite at
That big gap is why promotion-relegation HAS to exist in England. Not MLS. RT : of course there's big gap.Why root for that?
i was kicking the walls & cracked it
trump now throwing all those voters he didn't have behind romney.
I'm sleepy & I want to be back in my boyfriend's bed. Sigh.
happy birthday to Bella, and <3
wishing you lived in the LA area so you could win a date with austin.
Omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #CongratsChariceKCA congratulations chasters!!!!!i love u all!!!mmmmwahhh!!!
thanks! glad you liked it!
hahah every time one of his movies comes out my mom makes me see it with her
is looking for your help: Contact Congress show support to pass The "Do Not Track Kids Act of 2011"
Hoping today bears no resemblance to yesterday.
: Thanks Neil! We'll be there!
nice catch!
ps. You can follow joe
Now time to watch Masters and do IPL4
guess why I smile?... Cuz it's worth it.
I been good I had a son.. And im about to graduate and go to hair school
I believe DA asked her to declare law had not been published, but she declined to rule, saying she wants to hear more testimony/args.
Just cleaned the whole house
Note: tweeting "Gort, klaatu barada nikto" is NOT the same as speaking it. Please, you guys, this is kind of important.
Getting ready for yet ANOTHER job interview. I am on a roll!
Open for Friday booze train. Win Allison and Angie Thompson are your party engineers.
. the first one's free... ;) but seriously, I don't say nice things (ask anyone), but I do say true things...
awesome come to mexico please
What if we traded asphalt jungles for grass-phalt jungles? That's happening. One September day each year, on National Park(ing) Day.
says the hubby with a sp. lol doing well! You missed no chemical soup night. Lol
yeah man how doing
They ask me often do you ever stop ? ME: NO.. They ask me will you ever slow down ? Me: (With the bugged out look) NEVER ..
RT I wonder if it's too hot in the bayou to wear that Fonzie fur jacket had when he was here in march.
Get Slim for only $50 during at Adara! 50 min Arasys Inch Loss and our Slimming Package for only $50! Lose Inches & Fat!!!
Vancouver seems inoffensive - if a bit bland - these days.
me too! How did this day fly by so fast!? ;)
Easy Listening
Smithsonian Mobile Open Welcome Wednesday booked solid!
Watching the news then off to zumba!
Workshop attendees, full day workshops start at 9 am and half day workshops start at 8:30 am. Don't miss any of the great content.
Coming to school on a pointless day <<<
"I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can." - Hemingway
thanks for textin back :P
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Neck ties are the #1 gift for Father's Day.
haha where do we get those!?
Finish boys don't let up
The Lucky One was such a cute movie.
Ace Ventura is one of those retarded but classic movies
sure - email me from the link in the posting!
#ilikedyouuntill you took me to a Jonas Brothers concert
ahh I haven't been on twitter but I'm saying a prayer tonight! So glad he's okay
Down 5 with 5 to play. Lets go Toppers!
Court this week, finally will be off bond and get my 1k back, hopefully just a diversion for everything, or else my career is FUCKED.
Been watching the total gym program for about twenty minutes now..
you're nice :PP
thanks for the follow. I may have to change this acct again, because everyone's a private eye in this place, no anonymity
let's get married lol
I want to fall deeply in love<3
I am looking for TEFL teachers in South America. If you are interested in being interviewed as a TEFL teacher, then message me...
Hi Sharon! It's great to connect.
what stakes is the mix game?
yeaa whos gonna take over tuesday
#nowfollowing an abstract artists from Ohio might feature you.
nice story, Jesse. I was wondering why you were at a Snappers game the other night, now it all makes sense
The montessori method is interesting in this regard. There are three age groups together in the same classroom
What's good in Atlanta on a Sunday?
love a little hip hop in the morning! however, you wrote
them socks is hot!
RT : You're doing an awful lot of tweeting about the Cardinal for a Herald alum<- I love all my student news org kids!
Thanks for the RT!
What I learned? Be happy in your own success, not discouraged by the success of others. If not, you'll never be satisfied.
NBA needs the #MOVL neighborhood at suite level. Real time fantasy bball and gaming
Hey, how do you make your dice bags looks so nice? Or is that because they are open? Is the closed bag inherently scrunchy?
hey how much are you gonna put up for me in the million dollar buy in?
DISLIKE. And not true. Quality is key:)
Hello, is it cheese you're looking for?
Thanks, same to you!!
hey, I've been wondering how to make lyric videos. Can you tell me how you made yours?(:
Delaware penalty to Paul Tropsa. 2 for tripping. Oakland to the PP
That's it for me tonight ✌
Well, Happy #Friday to you, Nurse Sallie! Have a great weekend!
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. - Mary Engelbreit
I think being friends is safer for me
u said well come little boy
I need to try Pabst Blue Ribbon one of these days.
RT Imagonna take the fact that my timeline won't load is sign from god I need other hobbies.
Tomorrow we gonna bust a sick ass mission!
John: I learned the solo to bohemian rhapsody last night. What an awesome solo!
And thank you to these new followers also... !!!
maybe a dumb q but it's all free right ?
: Hey, have you guys announced a CFP for 2012 conference yet?
#BoyzOnEllen .... We need her to see this ♥
trying contactme and liking it! I think we found our tool
#mediachat … Lets kick it off!
Stranger danger!
So glad to home now I can rest my body
Loving my new job as an Account Representative at What an excellent team of marketers!
going on the river in Portland Oregon, on a new MasterCraft.
I'm one very happy guy after losing my one true love! - April fools. Haha Im miserable xD Staying optimistic though.
someone's having a liiiittttllleeee too much fun with Instagram.
RT : "Now girl I hear it in your voice and how it trembles, when you speak to me I don't resemble who I was."
NEED to see who has STANDARD'S??
does it cost anything after the 99¢ charge?
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. When she is silent, there's a million things running around in her head and she is at her breaking point
Conform to what wishes? All I did was condemn your use of "Liberal" as a pejorative. Nowhere in there is any demands.
Unless u r going out to the desert to fast please keep your mouth shut because I don’t think Jesus wants to hear that u gave up diet coke.
Woke up
and good time seeing you today, thanks for the drinks, stay safe in the k-ville
Getting ready for my concert at GREEN DOLPHIN STREET tonight 7-7:30pm, half hour set only. Free pizza & booze 6-7pm. Then, Wonder Bar :30
Never let your failures get to your heart, & never let your success get to your head. Stay humble(:
Our animals are so spoiled! Gato ate breakfast 3x yesterday! Whatsit??!
Zai talking bout he found a friend on Facebook? 😳
Finally It's Friday
You guys were AMAZING on SNL! Did I see poke at one point? haha love you guys.
I think I've been spelling Bahn Mi wrong all week because of that truck...thought it looked wrong. I'm bringing wine.
Richard Brown: Create conditions for healthy relationships.
Federal judge orders govt to pay $17.8 million to suvivors of University City family killed when military jet destroyed their home.
Thanks for the follow! Knightstown, huh?
I need a job!
Trinity's Sean Dageforde is hit in the right elbow area to leadoff the B3. He stays in to run and the Rocks follow w/ two fly ball outs.
If only u could find me a babysitter. MT Tonite's special: Scallops, Celery Root Puree, Sauteed Apples & Bacon in a Cider Sauce
Remodel of by #FluxDesign , slated for install just after Easter!!
Got my musician FaceBook Page up! Will link it here in a bit...
Artful Expression: "Art is not what you see, but what you make others see." Edward Degas
Ain't they just like monsters? They come to feed on us, giant little animals. If I am lost it's only for a little while.
hey every1 I am getting off I am tried & I need 2 think about some things
Gov. Walker will be recalled and the Dems will take back the Senate on June 5th. Primary will be May 8th.
Just finished lunch at Gino's East. Definitely a must-hit spot for me in Chicago. Of course, I have left-overs. Who wants some pizza?
Congrats to the Future 50! Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight! Many clients and friends made the list this year.
I hate how my mom keeps telling me to buy irrelevant items when is coming... Does she not understand how important this is?! 😒
Haven't you gotten in enough trouble on planes?!
THanks. Novak is playing now ??
Encouraging myself right now...I am Victorious!!! ~
South Bend, Indiana...... A place no one between the ages of 13 and 50 should be stuck. Yet I will find a way to make it work.
BreakThat Single show the top 20 countdown today at 11am-1pm PST Indie music artist home of hot singles.
We're heading into overtime! #punt!
24 weeks is tough. I hope all is well now.
WE GET A LITTLE
I hate chocolate
Fair enough; I agree with that, Richardson just happens to be one of my two sure things this year, AP quality.
a substitute is a private citizen, ulicensed, no contract. A sub is not a teacher. Please amend your headline.
Attn ambiguously pregnant women: If you ask for my seat on the subway, I'll get up. Otherwise I'll assume you're just fat.
I'm just reading all 5 chapters now... Yikes.
Life is #dope and I'm hooked
You're lucky you said that, little one.
Have you been spammed or are you really making $490/day clicking links...?
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES insert into quotedb values
not allowed: more george clooney:cary grant comparisons
RT : Good discussion about the college paper that named a rape victim after she identified herself at a rally....
Damn you, Bayview, and your parking tickets!! cc:
"There are those who make things happen, those who let things happen and those who wonder what happened. Who are you?"
You are lying between the girl of your dreams and gay. You're naked. Who do you turn back?
"If you Believe, it will Happen."
“: son is gonna be subject to so many pranks by his father lol” Lmaoo! You know it!
Tell that story at parties
YAY it's the 1st of the month. Official first name: Latina. In case you had any doubts about her ethnicity.
In Fla for few days! Hm sweet hm.
anybody want any free features tell em holla at me. I got bars fa days
Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us. Have a great weekend everyone!
Okay, I'll send you a direct message to explain further!
For those of you not aware: I don't sleep. Like ever. I average 3 to 4 hours a night of restless,fitfull dozing. I'm also hyperactive.
You need to pitch that as a script idea. I smell a rom com greenlight.
Things are looking good. Keep up the positive attitude!
thanks. come visit us
I'm suppose to be doing something today O_o ??
Hard to imagine having to step in for Whitney, in this situation, but Jennifer was really really good
We very much appreciate your feedback John! Welcome to
Gotta make some important decisions soon! Do I take the Red or Blue Pill? Tell Morpheus, I need more time!
Were Open Monday-Friday from 8am-530pm and Saturdays 8am-3pm stop by for your annual smog check
To be in your children’s memories tomorrow, you have to be in their lives today ~ Anonymous
Good things about today's lunch: Tasty barbecue. Bad things: Ballistically befouled by migrating starlings.
DON'T you be holding back your LOVE! (:
Sending out #FF's to my girls enjoy y'all wet kiss day and may it lead to an amazing weekend. Xo :)
We are infinitely committed to our clients' needs
Good lord I'm exhausted and there's still 3 mins left in the first half
What will be your contribution to National Honesty Day?
having r 2nd annual film festival 01/28/11. If u'd like 2 submit a short or a trailer, pls email , its free pls RT
2.I <3 the color green Turn On: When a guy has class Turn Off: When a guys swag is more important then you
Afrolicious was off the hook yet again last night!! Thanks to Candelaria for bringin' such a tasty blend of styles and the amazing crowd!!!
Have you seen what's going to be in the upcoming estate sale?
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30. Have you met our newest 'Read to a Dog' Dog? If not, stop by and say hello to Bella!
at my mom's church, the pastor was against gay marriage but for Obama.
I really truly love my boyfriend :)
voted today for Amundsen LSC. Great candidates running. Make sure you go and vote today for high school LSCs!
Listening in...
I will.
Thanks for the iPhone advice.
Oh..I mean certain people follow it, but, some are like "Fuck this! I'm just gonna wear this!"
For you bless the righteous,O Lord; you cover him with favor as with a shield." ~ PSALMS 6:12
why is that awkward?
He's crafty like that.
im cold! this AC is no joke right now lol
idk I guess after being real sick.. Then I haven't lifted as hard as I have been now
Keep trying (: If not I'll bust an all nighter & we'll cam later. c: ?
Oxy Mo: Audio visual
You do not mess with my girlfriend, family, or friends... Life lesson #1 for ya!
anytime! Let me know if I can help learning some of the ropes. The twitter jargon can be a little difficult at first.
How are you always at Wawa!?!?!
I can't. Not right now.
lol better to show
I've put off my essay long enough...time to get started...tomorrow ;)
my aunt recommended that too. I guess I'll have to try it.
Gonna buckle down and fix my #Facebook fanpage this week... which is ironic because I am not a fan of facebook.
#Top100Lies "I didn't tell anyone".
- simple, have your husband by "calorie offsets" from you.
Hey Evan, why isn't the game on BTN?
Thanks to and I'm addicted to twitter! #thanksguys :)
Content Is King! Bring your ideas to reality faster than ever with Twitter. Let us do the work, you have more time to create the content.
Got That Right! I love them (:
this weather is gorgeous today in #Cleveland!!!
no! As if you're one to talk anyway! I'm pretty sure yesterday was wednesday. We all know what that means. Hahahah
You are the Latina Effect!
Getting schooled on Etta James right now by my Uncle. Now playing Come A Little Closer album circa 1974.
u still there?
Dont push it dude :p RT : told you I'm cooler than Coors Light lol
I can't believe the greatest QB of all time won't be wearing a horseshoe anymore.
I am outraged over the way you disrespected Judge Karen.
im just letting u know now lol and we can hang before that too :)
good company
stop stealing jokes
why is it i get on twitter and all i see on my home page, i see tweets talking about stds and protection????
A jet-lagged cherry tree does not blossom.
Hmm... If you want to unpack that statement for me, I'll buy the coffee. (Offer restricted to this side of the Atlantic;-))
Man I ain't been on in a min
Thanks for the RT. GREAT article from Lodging Hospitality.
Is anyone planning on NOT deleting their #Google Search History?
who cares if ppl talk about you thats what ppl do get over it UGH
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
One of my favorites. "The Beatles" from Liverpool to San Francisco
For some reason, I'm imagining the "Brady Bunch" theme narrated by Werner Herzog. It's pretty great.
Got a weird feeling the Knicks step up and win big tonight. Better team without Amare. Melo drops 40
I Love coconuts! they also have plenty of electrolytes! So if you are feeling dehydrated,drink coconut milk
I'm sure that you could quickly strike up a sponsorship deal with Boots!
I miss my sister, calls her right quick!
That's what we said!
as long as you consider being an Enrique iglesias zombie then we are golden.
#2 Record this week is ADELE "21" selling 91,683 #soundscan USA #National #Charts ==== We report sales, sells, money,
I was watching #americasnexttopmodel episodes from 2009, and I saw you on one of the episodes doing the girls make-up,
but overall, if your indie film is plastered with it, usually it's pretty terrible.
Cold weather can hurt your health! Fighting a stuffy nose? These essential oils can help: Eucalyptus, TeaTree, Lemon, Thyme & Peppermint
Sure - we'll add that interest soon.
Today's the 35th anniversary of 'Annie Hall.' What is your favorite #NY film?
maybe i needa take a twitter break since everyone ignores me anyway.
Fell victim to the Subway cookie trap this morning. How am I supposed to say no to fresh baked cookies? SO delicious before 10 am.
Foo Fighters vs. Deadmau5. It ends in a tie. Hulk Hogan is up next to arm wrestle David Grohl.
Each lovely second add up to make a beautiful life.
I miss the Jonas Brothers.
Just applied to THATCamp Virginia 2012. Hope that I get in!
I just got out of class heading to the bed for a nap talking to a old friend..
If I continuously check my phone while Im out in public alone, no one will think Im a loser.
That guy did not like Michael's joke, or his henway.
I personally think it's sexy when curses in his tweets.
is officially my favorite place to grab a bite...hope they go nationwide...if in Cali, you must try...
welcome n.n! and thank you c:
congrats fellow SAG-AFTRA members!! one union!! we did it!!!! #progress !!!! <3
Crime fighting is what I do.
la la la.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thank you, I will have our #Chicago rep reach out! Much appreciated!
So much of our everyday existence seems tedious, so I feel moved to construct utopian fantasies to inspire myself & others.
I'm glad Twitter didn't exist when I was in college! ;-) RT : I need your help lol
A new way to look at competing flights that looks like it has great potential.
Henry Wallace~ The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
I've been high since I picked up, and I'm
it's just filthy this year. In a good way. It's actually quite intimidating.
I know (h)
I am proud that I refrained last night from calling the speaker of the Colorado house a motherfucking asshole, even though he is one.
YEP DON'T FORGET MELLON SCHOLARS PROGRAM!
Sounds awful
yes, me too. Daily mile is super positive. :-)
i'll lick the steam off the window after her and I... Wait... Err... Love you! :D
To live as a human is to constantly evolve, and there is no being on earth that reaches a stop point, not even the most enlightened ~Zachary
It is wise to speak truth to power w/respect, dignity, & sincerity--and be willing to pay the price for one's actions, if necessary!
how yu get yo letters like that
it literally rains every GD tuesday
Last day to get 15% off your entire order. Enter #discount code WINTER2012 during checkout and #free shipping continental US, over $200
Oh snap
He's going to take all of your phones next and you won't get them back till after church. Haha
THIS is the civil rights issue of our time; all loving couples deserve <3 equality under the law. Thanks
What the fuck going on tonight?
Life as performance art
Am I the only one who thinks that the whole "women bringing me sandwhiches" thingy is really offensive?? :L
I love it. Can't wait to see pictures!
oh gosh seen video lol wow =D sorry i loughed
I hate One Direction, especially Niall, Harry, and Louis. ESPECIALLY HARRY AND NIALL.
Now means with time zones it will be the start of both the new NFL season & Rugby World Cup within 6 hours- we got ourselves a sportsfest!!!
Dad's bday today -- is that one of the things helping this feel like a brand-new phase? Also, sweet autumn rain cleared out some energy.
Mat Gamel: Which super hero are you playing with that mask?
RT : Stan: "The only thing I'm really uncomfortable with is bullshit." Dwight: "[bullshit.]"
I'm totes gonna work on pulled this summer so I can add it to my rep.
Seeing The #Avengers with the affable and
funny how both parties are the same except for: 1) abortion 2) gay marriage 3) creationism ... yet people get up in arm about it!
Thanks 4 following folks!! Make it a great day!!!
thx for the mention but where is story? Did you repost a blog of mine on your site, if so can you please provide direct link?
We're excited for this!
Good Luck Jr.
I agree, there is a change stemming from 2.0, and it is forcing students to be teachers in the best of ways!
still cannot commit one way or the other due to nicole having an appointment in MKE
I have a big one (13) and small one (4)
Jab at Mike Hart?
you should really come to staten island to surprise people ! <3
i hate this class -,-
My day to Nathan is almost over. Exausted now, gonna go to sleep. To wake up to Nathan. <3 :) he weres me out. xD
groan. where are you watching it?
Thank you for sharing your wonderful Goddess self with us! Yes!
we already had our launch party. Our site should be up in the next day or so
If I don't go to the store today I think I'll end up in #jail for child neglect. LMAO! Old mother Hubbard ain't got nothin on me.
It was so nice to see YOU at The Strand, and I am loving Narcopolis!!! Thanks so much!
Aw well now he gets his own lol. I'm so happy for him oh my goodness.
RT : RT : RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood ~Buddha
Omfg i just love this music
Some part of me really wants to meet Wayne Static tonight
Check out 4 blocks from New Museum. 380 Broome St. Sweet candy!
Yay! Good answer from the landlord on two of our three questions! Of course, the third question was about the rent increase...
Charleston, Fayetteville, Beckley to me.
HaHa and I have to wait to see it online...
I hope you aren't referring to me.
If you were at #MDFF12 and snagged any extra posters or other paper items, you can donate them to the MdHS #ephemera collection!
anyone know of a movie that's in the family/romance genre ? it's going to be one of those nights..
If you want an example of what not to write in a super hero movie, then be sure to watch Wolverine.
Hey. You. Internet. Wanna make a record? Then follow and find out how.
you're The one to blame though lol I said In a good way aha stop making me wanna talk to you :-) jk don't do that
Damn Straight! Get the girls going tomorrow and make sure you bring your "A" game. That is why it's a Best of 3
“: My teacher just gave the most awkward speech about wearing tanks. I'm the only 1 in class with 1 too.” same...
Without FAITH it is Impossible to please GOD #Faith passion
Some politicians want to help Florida, others just want to hold office here.
You’ve failed me for the last time, XAMPP.
Californos Opera Supper is wrapping up it's 5th year of fantastic singing and entertainment. Catch this event the third Monday in December.
#thatAwkwardMoment when during the na-na part of We Are Young you hold your cat up in the air and make him sing meow-meow 🐱🐱
Does the new #Techcrunch have images, or is it just my Chrome that is lacking?
Eff Josh Hamilton. He is the absolute worst. Can't celebrate with team cuz he can't be around champagne?
#FF an up and coming young artist who's musical skills are sick! Seriously people, #FF #FF #FF this chick!
Maybe the Texas Cup race would have been more interesting if they'd had a dolphin fountain in the middle of the front stretch.
We're excited to send & (from ) to 's convention in See you all there!
Will Dusty EVER learn his lesson with Arroyo? He's fine until the 6th inning. He can only go about 5. Today? 3 run bomb in the 6th
“I'm hiring an assistant box office manager. If you want to have an awesome-socks boss let me know.”- [+1 about the socks]
you are welcome.
in the midst of 2 new CDs of my bands but let's plan. Haven't seen Byard in a while. Dexter - maybe? Is the Khan track out?
Omg I cant
Back and fourth.
lol your a mess and I love it! Cracks me up! Keep tweeting girl!
alright I'm going to crash now :) we can pick up this convo sometime soon :)
Absolutely. I had a tasting at a wine event & ordered a bottle. Also getting Cab Franc I haven't tried. Let u know
Sounds good! Have a great week!
You clearly don't know our nerdy level. We already discussed whether or not we want to get new helmets for skating :)
thanks for the mention! We appreciate it :)
Do your part to jolt the economy. Text a friend who doesn't have unlimited texting. Then do it again. And again. My fav is the friendly "hi"
okay well I really hope you go!
(AP) -- Former Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow has been traded to the New York Jets
Railroads a site of contention where religious imagery was used to transform trains of segregation to vehicles of liberation.
I know. It was awesome lol
oh yeah, i think i remember you mentioning that. i know, it's horrible stuff.
gtg peace out 
We need to hear more than anything right now!n HE>i John 3:30
Excellent question! I really don't know. Can anyone else share an opinion on this? (I'm not currently on Pinterest etc.)
hell yeah dude!!!
WASSUP PEOPLE, HOW & WHAT IS EVERYONE DOING??? TELL ME WHAT'S ON UR MIND, TALK 2 ME, DNT B SHY!!!!
about to hear #saysomethin for the first time(:
“: Drake told me that she could make my pussy whistle. Challenge accepted.”
o really? Lol Well then yay us! 😊
no doubt bra, wassup wit ya
yes, changes like that would be by altering or adding to your CSS
Do not leave soiled bedding in crate. If #dog becomes used to mess, very hard to break habit. Undermines create training.
G'ready
ugh I know 😒
5pm here and to keep to my new priority goals, that means quitting time! Woohoo! :D Not that I might not sneak a peek later. G'nite!
I always wondered what J&J were up to while Sam & Dean were busy pretending to be them.
im training tomorrow! im so excited to have you little bastards back there with me!!
I will for you love <3
Tip:) there are plenty of customers for your services. Believe it!!
Dats da only lady I got n my life real shyt
at a casino, not gambling. I really need to pick a better Saturday activity...oh wait...there's the bar : )
Not letting the iPhone 5 talk distract me from my work today. I guess this tweet is evidence it already has. #doh!
"California Vacation" - The Game
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine. ~ Frank Sinatra
it's too bad he's not doing Android, I could have asked you questions along the way! Are you having good success?
Too late, my time has come, sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time, goodbye everybody, i've got to go.
What is the CTA media program focus? Use inform policy process, improve farmers practices, and promote image of agric
Principles we live by: Cooperation, Sustainability, Quality, Safety, Design Excellence.
hysterical series of RTs
& even when I slide, God got my back if u scheme dont try it, cut cross water so my flo rip tides, kno about the lowend & I dnt mean Tribe.
Doing my VMware sales training - module 5 and I FINALLY get some information about the technology as opposed to the company!
So lucky you're wearing that ring! Lol
"I'm hungry. I'm really hungry...Damn I'm hungry. I'm hungry bye!" only Jc only Jc..
"I don't want it if everybody can get it."
I agree. How do we go about getting this reversed?
Don’t miss the exhibition of work by PNCA student Justin Kenney in the Wieden+Kennedy Lobby on NW 13th Avenue. Seriously blew me away
Great advice from : When pitching investors, call early AM to speak w exec directly. No secretary to screen calls.
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
Coming soon new landing page for fournote !!! wow i cant wait to upload it and share it with all users.
i walk around - feels great. Then everyone is like no!!
Im excited about getting a MVP pin and a bobblehead on Sunday
I think about u every day every sec and min and hour I'm alive I love u Robert <3 as so as alex
Taking a break, give me minute people, make it 8.
"I'm No Beauty Queen I'm just Beautiful Me"
he took one hit n said ma good shit keeps him coming back..! *PUUUUULLLLLL UUPPPP* LOL
Likewise! I wish we had more time to talk. I guarantee I will be contacting you - I am a walking accident waiting to happen.
Oh yeah, I also nearly finished a painting that I started a long time ago and then put aside for like a year. I guess it was finally time.
Pretty god day!
yea that's gross
So… I'm going to finally come out & ask; Why was Venkman carrying a syringe of Thorazine on his date w/ Dana in Ghostbusters?
Found my keys!
Thank you for coming out to support the race today!
One down; three to go... Not looking real good at this point!
Thanks for the follow. What kind of roustabout?
does 's wordpress install let us embed tweets?
Feels like Im swallowing razorblades.....
AMARA.. WHY U R KILLING ME, I CANT BREATHE HELP
Yeah, I tried that last semester too, & am def not doing that again. I was thinking of doing all classes combined in one...
Call Me Maybe Katy PERRY? :O
caine thank you for the message today. We could have listened to you for hours
Third eye blind
Definitely not an expert. But, what kind of beer do you prefer?
Any way you can contact someone at the Mag about me getting a replacement issue for a magazine? Got a soaked one today.
are you a creepy fish hanging on my wall that sings to me when i walk past it
Colorado Bounds!
I don't like monopoly Money though
how was dinner?
Morning Yoga in Puerto Rico was AWESOME! LPU Breakthrough VII just keeps rollin on!
A black women and a perm >>> my weaknes ha
class? Hmm dunno bout that. They are having whoopie Goldberg perform at the resort from what the billboards tell me.
hey alex, how was your day?(:
Thanks for RT. Have a great weekend. :)
congrats with the live performance.. Let us know if you need a production team to record it for you.
Continue the conversations from #bethedream at chapter meetings...the community...with advisors...
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ... 😳
Guten Morgen Thanks for following our twinning tweets!
oh crap, I think its the 31st???? Maybe, or the 29th
Going to Seattle tomorrow. Suggestions for things to do?
nawhhhhh not yet, i'm in no rush :) are you 16 yet?
i've been gone all day & am finally about to cuddle up with bunny and watch it. ready for some tsoukalos.
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that hates
haha starting a week long assist gig Monday...maybe after that!
: Uhm no clue! There will always be a spot for u so dont u worry!
lmaoo let's get you over here, ima call you in a bit
“: This just in.. If they took the word 'amazing' out of the MTV awards it would be only 9 minutes long.”
The Lincoln HID Bulbs actually offer a very concentrated light that goes to very long distances
"You are not alone - I am here with you. Though we're far apart, you're always in my heart." ::michael jackson::you are not alone::
All I know is that a shooting investigation is underway NEAR the middle school
glad to see you back! Missed ua!
I totally hit report spam on you. So you got blocked/removed. Hah!
This Pisses Me Off not seeing in person :(
Clearly Buck and Aikman can't recognize the knee was down first.
Hey, beautiful!! Are you gonna be my fave actress on the Twitterverse now? YAY! (Let's see if others fight for that spot) ;)
Is it me or has Kobe been dealt the black hand on MVP awards... I can name 3 other times he shoulda won it
I wanna see that excellent forecheck
he is great! We need to bring myrtle beach to
Registration is open & people R signing up 4 #Edcampss. don't miss out on a chance 2 meet & listen 2 in Philly 3/24!
Hm, today is not my day
i want a lollipop now :(
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
#CaryHoffman is "Dead on." -
best day of my life today met today, she is so beutifal and so talented!!!
I'll check it out. Thanks man.
All you have to say is Hairbangers Ball and Nat's in. See you at
Looking forward to tweets from . Thanks for your follow
hi liam, how are you? :) x
CSW pulled some strings to get you guys a few more follows. You're welcome.
thanks, how you been?
You're welcome! Keep on keepin' on!
Merry Christmas and bless :-)
Eddie likes me and i like Eddie.. ugh he is sweet and freaking sexy but Andrew found out that i like him and he is pissed off.. ugh idk? :-/
Dedicating my Twitter to Sunday's #Oscars follow me as I will be reporting to #ERedCarpet and #bestdressed on #ABC7 , follow me to join us.
Besides me.... #Who Up
Just watched movie gun,now watching the devil inside
oh, yeah i do. :) sorry i never dm'd you. i can't on my phone. :|
haha hope you had a good new year!
Not gonna lie, if the Lakers are playing at the top of their game for the rest of the playoffs, they will not lose.
who knew had such a good selection of vintage brass uniform buttons? then again, what don't they have?
shout house and NO falling off pianos?? Blasphemy.
Thanks Boo
~laughs~ (all ya friends hate you) 😝
heck yes....that is one awesome dude
Tomorrow I'm going to a party :)
Great point MT #Vandy had been recruiting Sheldon Jeter longer than any of his finalists. Just couldn't offer until recently.
then pass the dang ball
"madonna looks a little stiff." : "girl's arthritic, give her a break."
watching episodes of prison break on to season 2 ...its getting so good and juicy!
#RT for a
Dairy Queen
Ryan Braun still = cheater
it wont working please follow me :D
~ u r gr8. Once i have a budget ur hired for press, pr, networking & just plain ole good vibes!! :-)
How many of you also enjoy watching CELEBRITY APPRENTICE, and DANCING WITH THE STARS? They fuss too much on the first tv show. I watch it.
Black Veil Brides music is helping me through everything right now.
Load it up with cream cheese. My absolute favorite. Where do you get them? Havent had one in years.
"The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be."
Think you might have opinions about my last blog post.
Happy holidays!!
Aww thank you! Yes slides will be on the Boston SEO site soon! Sorry for the delay!
i fucking love so much im gonna bake him all the cookies in the world hahahah
haha you know I'm looking for all the gorgeous plastic surgeons !
Ughh,school today :(
Way to Go! RT : B&N, & You are STARS in our eyes. With your support, 615 local kids have brighter futures
Episode 2 of airs this Wednesday!!! Don't miss my guest appearance as Rosie & the VERY talented Angie Light as my girlfriend!
On set with & ! (Live-streaming today at 11am, Level 3 Members tune-in!)
Saturday night and I'm in my pj's at 730. Davenport club: assemble!
Good grief, that's beautiful!
Anyone have any experience with the Kodak Playsport camera?
RT : Morton: my job is getting people excited about evil.
Bobble Headed Bitties. That was just said. Lmao
Laurie Anderson talked about being a NASA artist-in-residence at her #SVA commencement speech, followed w/ performance on "pillow speaker"
#DontTextMeWhen your girlfriend just broke up with you
Happy #2012, everyone! Here's to the start of a great #newyear!
How about 85 degrees in the office and phone has been out for 2 days?
RT : Trying to find the "black box" .... RT : Ashton Kutcher, snack commercials, and why brownface persists in Amer…
Look here , you're not gay you're confused. Theres no way in hell you 12 , walking around talking about you gay !
Scrape me off the gym floor
I loved that movie!!!! while watching the movie, i believe there was something in my eyes...they kept watering for some reason
thanks San Patricio!
nothing like waking up to the sound of like 50 crows...
haha. hell ya! o, nd david asked me out again.... nd got rejected again
Not liking these chores
He said it in an interview, you didn't know? lol
at work douchers
#NYE in #Vegas #BodyEnglish. Fantastic line-up & Dance Diva
I think I need a physical timer to track my hours. Digital tools don't seem to be sticking for me.
who do we play?
"... Then they go and make the same mistake." ::cough cough:: Don
Thanks so much! Hope you got lots of good contacts today. Let us know if we can help with anything
#Nowwatching Mike Snow
Class warfare is an inevitable by product of a system that offers huge incentives for ruthless greed & callous disregard for suffering.
I took a look at Muckrack and agree. I had planned on something like that, but the first version might be a bit clunky/basic.
If your family or your mate can buy into your diet that will be your most powerful tool!
I named by teddy bear after is name is Trigga Bear...!!!
In honor of National Wear Red Day - we're going on a Red Light Sale! Big announcement at noon - get ready to stay with Glenn this weekend!
I miss my little guy
i wrote liz taylor
omg HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) .. How old are you gonna be?
Sad how chris brown set back his image tenfold by allowing his Rihanna anger rage to surface again. As a PR stunt it worked but bad kharma
the film about bob marley is unreal.
sunday and im hungover... going to wendys
That would be strange if the Dolphins tried to drink an entire city in central Illinois
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 244
On that note ... time for a beer outside.
Haha! RT": i absolutely love drunk amanda."
That survey is closed.
you have a white egg as your photo I do not trust you hacker !!!!
I think they eat for free so why not? Lol
thanks for the follow!
I have a new Siamese Kitten -- is he FAST! Whatever mischief he gets into, he does it FAST-and he is so cute, but rules are rules:Cat Rules!
Sim-wise as the phoenix was top notch
buy me something expensive...
If I get 400 followers tonight I'll pick 7 lucky people and DM a message to AUSTIN MAHONE to follow them. What you say??
I need 1 more follower to be at 200. Not bad for someone who never tweets.
I'm flying back today. Don't make this worse...
congratulation on your 13 pd lost.
HappyBirthday :) God Bless you have a great day .....
Whaaaaa? That is crazy talk.
I am so bored
In such a competitive world, if you remain the same you're only getting worst!
taking the girls to the pool
I don’t pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages. – Robert Bosch
Why hello, -- thanks for following me back. You are my most favorite publication!
Shout out to my newest followers!
especially hangovers
I <3 Philip Philips!!!
Guess I won't talk to you.
And our favorite person of the day award goes to.... for being amazing! Everyone download her music on iTunes!
Or they do not want to take the time to learn!
Social seeker here!
Thanks, we are too! Reg's are pouring in this week! RE: Registered for the conference. Super excited!
Me, too. So completely unexpected. And he loves it.
Miss you Liz! Hope you're having a great #plantech!
“: Happy Sunday lovelies! ☀🌻💛” weird.
Mr Bigshot in the building...(Words 4rm Mr Production "The Guy" A Man After Gods Own Heart)!!!
I'm seeing TFF Art Awards Exhibition at Tribeca Film Festival.
Thanks. Keep it up. Cant be there...so be twitter connection ;) lots of pics!
Follow all of us for the whole story. Also check out www.ict2dc.com where our tweets are posted with blogs & pix.
Have fun man!
Bring your friends out & come see my magic @ The Raccoon Lodge in SW Portland tonight, 7-9pm. Call ahead for reservations.
Mastering a single today for soon-to-be Country star Candy Coburn. Also, working on some client website updates. More video work today to.
Don't forget to vote on May 15. I'm # 6 on the ballot.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are ripping the roof off of the Troubadour!! I am one lucky guy!!! Holy shit!!!!
Sometimes I just eat the leftovers from dinner rather than putting them away.
Great #Workout today! #Boxing makes your core #Strong! DO what you enjoy doing! btw... BOXING is #FUN for #GIRLS! Its all about #abs & arms!
We don't need boys we have cake
is a fucking rip-off!
Walked in right in time for ☺☺☺
Tooth Decay is the 2nd most common disease in the U.S. after the common cold.
riton is playing tonight. It's French house music!
Just learned a new cover last night. I'll give you a couple hints- gunpowder, gelatine? It's guaranteed to blow your mind.
THX.Took a lot of guts to not just show up, but to say "I wish you the best". My admiration for the man just doubled.
My channel won't work :-(
one way is : don't watch it. Low ratings = cancellation.
We are the sultans of swing...
it sounds like you have your priorities spot on :)
I would look weird tan.
On my way to work aka killing myself.
well said RT: : Great game you made us proud. This team did alot and has alot to look forward to next season.
Sorry for your loss.
'And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy / I guess I'm getting high off my own supply' I wish Dre would do this more often.
I miss you to. 💔 I'm probably (maybe) gonna go see the avengers again this weekend with my mom. You down to go?
5 days until the end of my semi pro career
I know you saw my request.
they transfer to Facebook. I don't do Facebook
Then there is undercutting eyewitness accounts of destruction w/ expert opinions from across the country.
I have my Civil Liberties unit all figured out, and it goes until May 24th(ish). Wow. Roughly have my Deliquency unit figured out for Soc 2.
roald hoffman is god
looks like a pretty cool Twitter tool... hey that rhymes! We're going to have to check this out more in depth.
I'm with you, we are great without him
I'll come see you! I've got to start Xmas shopping somewhere!
Lets go see if I still have a job.
Likely the Giants and bettors are lol at Belechiks questionable list. #seenthat & what losers wants to watch one check in a hotel?
I shouldn't say that. You're the expert. I'll leave that to your expertise.
I can't wait to go home next week.
Only seeing the positive, all you negative people, find someone else to bug. I dont need or want you around
I need a job doe!
That's what I thought!
I'm digging the sexy new pic
Coffee/sanity break w/1 of my closest friends Thurs. Life doesn't get any better.
I know you love it
Murder of lefty ruled a suicide, but wound on right side. "Total lefty. He couldn't even tie his SHOES with his right hand." Well, who can?
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Tell your Beautiful Mom that I say Happy Mothers Day (:
We make our fortunes and call them fate.
Google+ Photos: If ur uploading content, be aware of album visibility and re-sharing. Protect your copyright.
When a woman shows her loyalty
2stay @ home and not vote is a slap in the face of Fannie Lou & the 3 college students slain & all who died including Christ
Raeburn - information advantage is gained through identification of patterns that are relevant to your business
Are you sure you weren't at the Oasis (strip) bar just hearing music?
good one!
Ok! I didn't think so, but I was just checking b/c I have a pretty hectic schedule this week.
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 5
RT .U can curse me if u like! I won't mind..lol.I just love u Dr Burke (via )
Yeah buddy, got that grade fixed. Added another A! God is good! Good Morning Twitter! Hope you all have a great day! Things are looking up
you deserve it honey :)
Also, dear London friends, I am so very sorry about Boris.
Burns for first goal!
You gotta let me know. Should I stay or should I go?
you're to scared to even do it so I won already :)
Cool fact: Leap day doesn't happen every 4 years. On a span of 400 years, there are only 97 leap days, not 100.
Of course!!
okk sounds good! your going to laugh when you see it!(:
definitely! That's awesome
"I like girls who eat carrots." -Louis
[WATCH]: Phonology – The Phoneme I
there are so many ways to finish that sentence, wish we coulda heard it lol
Awesome! MT : I realize that at #RIT has prepared me to take on anything at my new job next year.
Welcome to Gonzaga, the home of the Bulldogs !!! Can't wait to watch u play next year!
in sweaters >>>
I'm going to stop babbling now...
we gone fight lol
yes they need 2 go soon! rt @ osumom09 some one need to take off.
yea pretty much bro. LOL
(323):I knew her barely 30 minutes before we got naked. This whole fraternity thing is starting to grow on me...
MT Win clinches Atlantic Division for FSU for 6th year in a row & guarantees the #Noles no lower than # 2 seed in ACC Tourney
was just about to tweet at you about this!! so excited!
