I know when a female is lying. I can tell by words, body language, and subtle instances in conversation. You can't play me. I'm not a pawn.
Wow, someone just introduced Scratch to me this morning.
Everyone has his day, and some days last longer than others. Winston Churchill, quoted in the London Express
"Learning never exhausts the mind." ~Leonardo da Vinci
I have 69 followers on Twitter. Oh boy.
Every wise teacher n history practiced the same principles but worked a different equation (argumentation) to produce a solution for his day
I keep tipping my glass and it's not even 6 yet.
Another solo show today. 8pm at the Stephen F Austin hotel terrace bar. 7th & Congress
LOL. We hope that was a good 'splosion.
Im tired
who in LA is down for some horse racing tomorrow? big derby at santa anita.
but u live u live to fight another day!!!
I hear ya! Not much. Working on the vineyard and we are trying to get Alexs car ready for his Birthday
I hate punk rock. Yet the only bands I'd listen to are: 1). The Misfits 2). The Clash 3). Black Flag 4). Dead Kennedys 5). Bad Brains
#10ThingsIHate when people answer K. After writing them a whole paragraph.
my phone has been off for the past week and I got a new phone yesterday so I lost everybody numbers
thank you :)
LOL. That's fine man I do it to. And everyone follow this guy that has the Carlton dance gif for his avi that is BADASS!!!
Nap now (hopefully) Drive-in at 8 in Navato (Romy & Michelle) then Lotus at Fillmore but more likely Everyone Orchestra at Sweetwater...
The invisible hand is swiping miami pilots. Love it
My dvd came today now i have 3 disks worth of total twilight bliss
i need a raise
What's next ?
Not crying from 's HALO win on #TheVoice. Love Beyonce, & that performance. :)
I wonder how high is going to be today
Am I the only girl who thinks is beautiful ❤
I just realized that I haven't had coffee yet today. Commence spaz out.
I'm in Texas.
dont act like you just didnt walk past me on purpose... plus why are u eating at ovids?
I can't believe you like the Marxist chauffeur. He's no Turkish diplomat.
keep on pushes
Just having fun and was hoping to get a new listener, I apologize.
so umm. *cough cough* softball this summer isn't going to be the same. God help me if we have to play against you. Haha miss you!
But not as bad as I feel for the douchers I always see carrying out bouquets of flowers from the grocery store. I hope it's for a grave.
There You Hear it
June 19th...right around the corner! ;) RT : How exciting! Can't wait to see pics and whn is she due?
Also, apparently no one else tweeting this session.
a shout out to this lady and follow her,she follow back....
That you, Jody? Good to see you here!
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday. -
Pittsburgh and Baltimore fans, I'm coming up this summer to play for you guys. In the next few weeks I'll put up more information on it!
I think for those odd tweets would like an interview with you on DM him for details
Beautiful day offshore today, still waiting to go to work. Guess I shouldn't complain not to many jobs pay you for doing nothing.
are you performing tonight?
its all good :)
scoop scoop ?
Exactly 50 days till hilton head
You don't want to eat me. I'm the Taco Bell of Twitterflesh.
Glad you had fun in Disneyland. Can't wait till summer and you guys visit us at the lake.
Probably both? lol // RT Either I'm a coffee snob or Omaha coffee is disgusting.... :(
cherry hill mall at around 2:30
I'm here right now.
thanks its sold out and a guy who had ticket he has only one ticket
working in the lab it's hard work
You had me at hello and never lost me at goodbye..
On the train heading up to John Hay library at Brown. Going to read up on Lovecraft. Iä! Shub-Niggurath!
Just saw a squirrel begging for food, tail wagging and everything.
No G8 in Chicago! Live all morning breaking down the decision and reaction from businesses, protestors, police, etc. What do you think???
Watch Tebow find a way...COH!!!
lol... so what've u guys been up to?
OMG Bernie get over your self
Zigging and zagging is the new career path
-- DTosh is DMan. And that no good The Mr Shoot has raisin balls.
Kay baby :*
Bonus day! Free movie came with free soda and popcorn which I never get at theaters. Ah, so nice sitting at Mann's!
Fact RT : Considering the potential awesomeness, San Francisco is painfully short on quality waterfront bars and restaurants
...good at work... how come u nvr txt back lol
0.o aaannnnddddd back to bed i go then.
Back home in Detroit. Vegas was fun... Im tired though.
hmm, finding lots of digital marketing firms based in seattle :]
this housewives of orange county thing - what up w that?
#Alpha occupies the same stall in trainer Kiaran McLaughlin’s barn as 2006 Horse of the Year Invasor.
My name is Brian and I am currently the biggest QPR fan on the planet!
Ready to take IELTS at #HFC? Learn the Ins and Outs of the Internationally Accepted English Proficiency Exam from Cambridge!
Good guy : asked me if it was OK for Mozilla to download software on my computer. No preferential treatment there.
Glad I got my cf.o proposal in on time earlier this week. Automated UI Testing with CFSelenium, MXUnit, ANT, and JenkinsCI
lmaoo so this Dick is still perfect !
ok then ill get high on u ;)
well now 1186 followers know. You're welcome!
Blue Ivy's first dirty diaper is more iconic than Ciara and Justin Bieber combined.
looking forward to rocking my powder blue #22 jersey again next season!
Ryan! Lmfao that is to gay
Need u and to take over morning show asap. Lost me when they said glove on wrong hand was "so Baltimore"
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
Nods dksishbsisk it's hot. Why must they make is wear dark colored shirts -.-
I think you mean Anthropologie :) fwiw.
There is a shortage of chicks who simultaneously play trumpet and accordion
I'm dreading the thought of photography tomorrow
I love this vacation. is the best<3 #pretendmarried :)
that's it. I can't live with this team. I've had enough. My interest will return as soon as I see consistent potential on the floor.
RT So cool to see my dear on #DesperateHousewives tonight! So great, Brian!! You were awesome!!
500 #YMCA kids now watching 's Pirates! Band of Misfits!
black friday on
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =)
DID RKELLY EVE BEAT DAT CASE?
Two buck chuck?? And here I thought you got vintage brew from France.
Everyone keeps pulling this inflation bullshit.I know it'll never be $10again.But the fee is in the big acts.Local musicians no
Little did I know as an adolescent when I entered my "awkward stage" that it would last 30 years ....
You're welcome!
Stupid computer actin gayer then usual wtf
If Joshua doesn't win?!? #AmericanIdol that was amazing
For the past 50 mins has spent his 'nap' talking to himself & playing in his crib. Cute! But 2nite might be rough... cc
no one will take you serious if your spelling isn't on point!!
Omg I saw a centipede in the bathroom earlier, I screamed and ran...I prolly would've passed out if it was a millipede >_<
FACE your problems dont Facebook them !
ehhhh I think guitar stuff wins.
Seriously. How many clowns named Quenby can there be?
Entering postseason, thought #NYR was better than any East playoff team. Now? #Caps & #Rangers completely even. Flip coin for series winner
Retweet if you're excited for Austin's new music!
You too, Jim!
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
The side by side photo I have tweeted today shows a comparison of Winter's tank live as it broadcasted today 4/15 compared to Sept. video.
bad weather there so shud be a run first game RT : RT I can't wait to see Pats-Bears today // Me too!
That awkward moment when you spoon with your pillow or stuffed animal
Where did Calipari get that freakin` suit?
You're welcome! Glad to be a follower of yours. :-)
coming to 'Speaking of...' this February?
awesome, thanks for the support. You getting up here for the meetup next month? Backbone.js is gonna be a good one.
Rawr but I want a refund for 2 hours of meh guest pass that I didn't pay for cause Blizz is teh sux0r and just wants money!
You can never cross the ocean if you don't have enough courage to leave the shore.
The readings should come from TAP and Moodle and the Culture text and all those kinds of fine places
Looking at the countdown on the EAA website...so many few days left
#MarinersGame with Moms I Love my Mom
awesome make sure u take pics. And tear it up baby
Another day, another week. Let's go.
Would have been interesting to hear your panel discussion on BD. Was it recorded? Also, will you be attending the APA Gala tmrw?
Why does this generation have to be so perverted? RIDICULOUS.
Learning more cooking strategies from Grams. :-)
The NBA playoffs season is turning into what seems to be the most career threatening set of games we 've seen in a while
Interesting...I had the same interview...result ? Nada. No phone call, no email...Christopher ; 719.481.9476
oh my god is the new single The House That Heaven Built amazing as evidenced by my 7 listens in a row so far..Record soon plz.
bring back ! He deserves it!
“my feeling is that if you're not self-obsessed you're probably boring.” -- Dave Eggers
"You actin' like a rabbit how you cling to the carats" -- on any green room draft prospect's girlfriend.
Glad to hear you'll be ok to play on Monday
Good work ! Boy van Poppel 3rd today at 3 Days of De Panne.
haha good cause I don't wanna be hangin out with no stinky boy ;)
Looking forward to checking it out.
did that once it was at ur house -___-
He's picking me up from the dentist, awe <3
True with McCann having an off year (of course my fantasy team) nice to see some other NL backstops getting attention.
If I make my iPod pancakes maybe it will come out of it's 3.5 year coma and work for me.
Managed to launch and move to LA in the spaces in between. I love my work but I could use a nice vacation! LOL!
On my way to visit St. John Fisher College :)
Help us out www.PlatinumPosts.com new news everyday at 3pm! Spread the word tell your family and friends! thanks-PlatinumPosts
So is that a negafive? is sold out and were dyin to go! Help! RT : reserve 2 tickets for us?!
Here's a little secret... We be debuting another new song on Friday at uncapped!
I feel like a new born
sitting next to you!
Email your offers on the artists you want to !
#SomePeopleShould focus more on dey damn self!
Saints...!!! Our WORDS mean NOTHING if they don't line up with our LIFE.
Thanks! we should. Let me know details and I will try to make it work. You coming to #SHEAR2011 this summer?
All snuggled up for my nap, finally watching Avengers :)
Rerouted the trip home to go to Chicago for the weekend. I have never been. Any recommended restaurants or things to do there?
Just realized I'm bummed that 'Terriers' and 'Lights Out' won't have second seasons on FX. Boo to you FX!!!
This PSU story is heartbreaking on so many levels.
Nah, I'm fine.
i think i want to blog for a career...and just move far far away....and drink pina colada and walk around in sandals forever..yea
TUNE in &TELL me if you LIKE SWEET potato's??
Thx for the tweet of my article on !
I'm gonna take a power nap so y'all chill....k?
woah wait a minute, I was not told of this sale.
Add our Google+ Page to your circles to follow IMPAQT news and Search tips and insights!...
Yeah, you bet.
Can you all follow . That's my personal account! :)
the Beveridge Place by my house is pretty solid for tons of good beers. I think Taphouse in Bellevue has tons on tap too
Good morning sunshines I hope you all have a wonderful terrific day! :3
We promise to post photos next time.
thank you!
Thank you Win-sconsin for a marvelous weekend.
GOOD NIGHT to the closest person on earth :) Love of my life and my soul mate 😍 God loves you!
NOW you want to celebrate!?????? Your 21st was in April. THAT'S when you celebrate!!
when i go on twitter on my phone i just retweet things and it's really annoying so ya okay bye!!
Out hete in the sunshine state doing big things!!
I don't think I like a train system that doesn't announce the stops or transfer points. Thumbs down 4
Crying my eyes out at G&B.
How do you bake "ends meet"?
#keepfightinggary I'll be praying for you bud. You can do it! (:
Already started writing my next play. No rest:)
you're welcome :)
RT : Reporting that 12 teams contacted Peyton... I expected about 20 more than that
Don't you hate when you have an itch one place, but then your body/brain starts and you get itchy EVERYWHERE. Ugh!
I hate going to the nail salon n the person cant speak english
A man is like a deck of playing cards. You need a <3 2 love him, a <> marry him, a club 2 bash his brains in, & a spade 2 bury the bastard.
lmao I'm going to have to issue an I.o.u for your ass whooping I'm not driving to Euless!
Good morning #ilvolovers have a wonderful day... continues ✈with us.. Next stop Peru enjoy 😘
I know man, all bad. :/
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you have two years to keep your case alive before it must be tried or dismissed.
You're very welcome. Was it as gorgeous in Madison as it was in Milwaukee yesterday?
So much to do, so little time.
Vas Happening Every1? My art work is officially done :-) Yaay
It won't let me reply to the message so here's my reply: Sure, thanks! Your song covers are always so amazing!
if life gets you down, think, "If Bieber can make it, ANYONE can!"RT dream big did and look how far he got :D
We look forward to seeing you in July as well. Niall
$2 games and $2 shoes at PEP Bowl. Score!
At last we reach our bus-stop 4-0. . . It sux
Spending the night at house
B.s
One large banana and a tablespoon of peanut butter!!! M and oh so filling !!!
lol i know . you see him drag/push me down the hallway ?
it was priceless! Great episode!
Join Me For The #MillionHoodies March In #UnionSquare Tonight In #NYC!
pretty much...there's a lot of world & people u haven't discoverd yet #WARREN UP lol we on da eastside of Detroit
well then, I'm sure they're spectacular
13 days ago I ran a 10k in 54 minutes. Just got fucking exhausted doing a mile and a half.
I will has no funds until I come back from houston next week. once again, FML.
females dese days think they grown smh dey need 2 chill out n hve fun n enjoyy life
I heard there's nothing new except for someone new, but how you spose to find the one when anyone will come wit you
I've made peace with the fact that I've spent 17 of the past 24 hours on various couches. This is why Saturdays were invented, right?
I'm happy to be in NY...but not so happy to be waking up with this raging hangover right now...
This is not a good time to have an upper respiratory infection!
hahahhahahahahahahah omg I cant
Not enough sugar for kool-aid.
RT : My first tweet ever. WINS!!!
I agree that is a real life Angel. :)
I'll lie down and call you chicken. That would be a happy Easter!
u better follow me!
Hey are you OK? Are you still locked out? Do you need some help?
Volunteers give a family more time w/their child..more hugs, kisses & "I love yous." Looking 4wd 2 celebrating our volunteers 2nite!
for what it's worth - your legs look pretty nice in those shorts (as does the rest of you!)
im following you homie!
LOOK OUT! There's a goddamn werewolf.....protect your neck . Happy Holidays.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously when you're not black and tweet on this subject.
People who wear Titleist Orioles hats are very much not Orioles fans. Golf is overrated.
Hell yeah. I can't wait to get home and onto the spaceship of the imagination.
If you havent listened to 'theyre only chasing safety' at least 50 times you havent had feelings
Wow, I thought you were posing a hypothetical. Your plan is what I might want to do, but honestly I don't know if I could.
Calipari spent no time recruiting for next year. He is a #NCAA recruiting innovator!
"OMG !! There`s a bee" "stand still, it won`t hurt you" "FU*K THAT! I am running!!"
Cool dress Jax! :)
No ebooks yet but you need something to read when your wife kills the battery on your e-reader playing some smurf game or something.
Our Lady of Starbucks!
maybe too deconstructionist, but I'd say didn't exist: aura gets its nostalgic salience in opposition to reproducing tech.
Mean people suck...which is why I prefer the company of my dog
He hasnt txt back so i will go to sleep
perfect morning for a mimosa
Joan Lippincott: #DigitalHumanities is about new collaborations: faculty & grad students, humanists & comp sci or other info professionals
Wizards about to beat the Heat tonight.
#IDGAF goes hard!
how did you get to follow you??? your so lucky but its cool you deserve it WE LOVE YOU ELLE i like the fb page
#poetparty In Stereo Press takes submissions year round. Check us out! www.instereopress.com
7 out of 10 households in NM have pets. Bernalillo county has 220,936 households... that leaves 66,281 that need the love of a pet! Adopt!
It's Movie Night Wednesday! Who's got suggestions?
AMEN. RT : If George Clooney had the tiniest iota of sense, he’d realize Obama is only making the economy worse for all the USA
Nice way to end the 1st quarter!
Today's workshop topics: Workplace Discrimination and the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Who's happy the week is half over? How about a mid-week Happy Hour? 3-7 today at Casa de Pico!
yes I will
": awww that's so cute...hey Mika" lol hey Sierra
": ": Heat upset maybe??" Nope brons yr !!"..they said that last year..and the year before that.
RT : Almost done editing our book #justagirlfromkansas! Can't wait for the proof from ! > Thx for the mention!
She's not guilty for killing her daughter but she is guilty of lying to the officers. Are you fucking kidding me?!?!
good morning
you're right, politicians and police rarely remember this fact.
I wish I had a Pulitzer Prize in criticism. Damn you of The Boston Globe, for stealing my dream/congrats.
Anytime now would be a good time for his first, really.
I wat sum pancakes to
I've never heard of a cornbread recipe that calls for buttermilk. You never know, maybe it will be delicious!
Check out they teach couples how to massage eachother
. I'm watching the Tom Petty one first. Had tix to see him in '10. He canceled twice on me. Wasn't meant to be.
Nice. One of these days I will break down and buy one. So much goodness comes from the little manual focus rangefinder.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly -Publius Terentius Afer
Have so much homework to do! -_- How's everyone doing?
oh no dueling presentations I want to hear: #linkeddata , scholars portal ownership of dig resources, and dig newspapers.
Break 'em of somethin' proper like a real show stopper.
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband GO LIKE IT! IT TAKES 2 SECONDS! ONCE I GET UP TO 300, I WILL RELEASE THE NEW TRACK. :]
I can't you've had some cool tweets and I can't... I just checked... It's cool I thought I was tweeter spassing. LOL
my aunt Gina and I were talking about you today!😊
yess I miss those days :(
Black Women hate on each other soo much ugh crabs in a barrel much
Reports surface Oregon's Chip Kelly in negotiations with Tampa Bay Buccaneers about head coaching job. More on at 6 p.m.
Anybodyy looking for people to join there crew like in Aurora il or Chicago il or is anybody looking for a crew for ABDC 7?
Requiem For A Dream is beyond fucked up
know your worth, own your power, build ur success...
Yes! RT : The official #GennextSTL hash tag is born cc:
for the things He has done.
Cimate change is real!!!!! It's no accident your state in burning.
Finally I have Thursday nights off now I can be normal and watch PDP with the rest of the world
It's just a test! Sorry about the cut off message! > Feedback for
Man sues over botched circumcision. Ouch.
Listening to old #Madonna, Pat Leonard is genius on this stuff...
lies! I said they HAVE great carrots. Get it right!
I'm glad u came and glad u had fun. Sorry I'm angry, and pissed. I love u. We need to come up again sometime.
dude,i ate all those. i feel sick now.
Another afternoon of a peaceful climb at
Totally agree...same with age-ability! RT : not specific to natural wines
Jong-Un, is that a nuclear missile in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
Congratulations! Such an amazing cause
I seriously just want to go on long drives and drink milkshakes and have you there with me.
Fair analogy?? Football is like smoking...addictive, those who do it don't care about long term harmful effects.
the budget barely passes w/the needed super majority of 60.2%. Any clue if a recount is needed when that close?
First Pups in the Park at BB&T Ballpark is April 24 -- and benefits the Humane Society! , mark your calendars!
Craziest thing about that high speed chase: there were five guys in that van.
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward... Get rich or die tryin
I came 6 mins late to class today and my punk ass teacher made me do 60 push ups
Medicine Discounts - Save up to 33% - Kerr Drug - SYNTHROID -
Haha truth RT : Lmaoo at these Kobe haters trying to say he's not clutch
the 15th of January will be my birthday, and I only want you to follow me :)
same. Great memories from fla's run to the cup and have had a soft spot for them since. Food luck to nj though
lol long lost sisters maybe ;)
#footiepajamaswag :) let's trend it lol
bro you think just like me! Haha people pay attention to nails. If I'm gonna sell a 20k ring I better be Lookin my best.
The only nail art the salons near me do involves airbrushing. Not so much.
Yeah Cal doesn't look half bad. ASU looks pretty tough. Stanford is clearly the best of all of us and UCLA is looking shabby.
Had a great time in the city! SO much to read now! That's right friends! Read! There are not enough hours in the day to get things done!
I'm a fan of the cookies down there, but I'm a fat kid, what am I gonna do?
Just watched about 50 seniors, disabled individuals, and concerned citizens get arrested for healthcare. So inspiring.
Thx for the Prayers...much appreciated!
Finishing up my last class today and tomorrow .
Sometimes your OHs make my view of OKC not as OK, TBH. (But I still LMAO each time.)
congrats man!
Each day is a blessin, so live it up because you can't live it down :D...
Going to hear rip it up at . Miami get out and support!!!
I'm so excited!
great job on today sounded great!
Why can't toothpaste and Orange Juice just get along?
oh good! me either think she's gonna kill us?
oh, and I love a bouquet of freshly sharpened pencils
Adele: "I set fire to the rain!" Spongebob: "Bitch, please. I make campfires underwater."
I'll find out for sure and tweet asap
Did Baylor steal these uniforms from Oregon? Hurting my eyes
lol rite on!!!
wHAHAHA I missed that tweet earlier!!
/ we stay gettin it!!!
Dinner ready, now waiting on my company :)
At the airport cuttin up w/ players
You're very welcome. I'm the one who's honored...to know you - even if it is indirectly.
the railing on the mezzanine is right in front of my view at the show. My $50 not looking so good right now. :/
i hope everything works out for you :)
HAPPY TUESDAY!;) RT
Only at coastal "if you're feeling like a pimp go on and dust your schoolers off" -
Well happy birthday Rieva. Birthday weeks are awesome. You get 7x more fun. Excellent choice!
hi how r ya?
YAY!!!! Great news for Bianca and her mom and dad xo
oh I hear ya - I had a mini freak-out earlier when I blinked & somehow 2 1/2 hours went by!
I do appreciate that. I love "Ah Yeah" & "Consequences of Jealousy." Trying to go see him live since I missed the Chicago show.
i go hard like cold nipples
Nothing that's as important as your new son!
Baby u light up my wold like nobody else...the way u flip it hair gets me overwhelmed
RT : Man the old Soul Train lines were everything!-->THIS
Summer is here! Lets all say so-long to june gloom! Hydrobike season, hello!
Great talk by at UCSF today! Check out her book Not Under My Roof.
Midtown's Clean Team empties 102 corner litter-baskets 7 days a week.
well the option is there bro. One of the few places in hollywood that stays open till 6am n place good House music...
I'm good! Relaxing at home. Kinda bored.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
I've been reading your book, and I'm so inspired by the work you do. Thank you for sharing your story.
got that right!! Miss ya kiddo! Hope you are well! {{{HUGS}}}
RT Exercise myths: Yoga is a completely gentle and safe exercise
Welcome, artist.
you don't ask what it is - you just trust me? ha
1 more day of rest ^-^ I had iHop for breakfast with my mommy (: #NoSchool c:
You are my reason for living!
Shout out to my #bsdiv and #soozooted family. Happy New Years letter get it poppin.
Give us a @ mention to shout us out we tryna blow this shit up now forreal
is it tomorrow yet? i miss him....:/
i tried it wit sugar once it was ok
Dear Purdue alumni... Someone please buy Purdue Pete a new head.
I want a tiger!
Dear Realators from Tulsa: why are you following me, an unknown Hip Hop artist, all of a sudden?
got the # lol
follow me
It's Thursday. You should be starting your weekend already.
Just had an insane dream where I was half conscious and in a world similar to spirited away's and I could play epic theme music on command.
"Not really care for it" doesn't do justice to how I feel about that film.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art
Twitter finally changed for me!
Mention me for a #FollowBack :)
Off to the DC EMP event at the College Park Aviation Museum! I had no idea it was so close, very excited to see it!
Josh Hutcherson's face is quite chiseled. I'm a little relieved to be attracted to a guy that's around my age for once :')
I want to start running regularly to build my endurance, lose weight and maybe 1 day, run a marathon :) Where should I start?
To bad that is overpriced.
I really want to go, its been years! But white people don't do latin america very well, Its not somewhere i think he'd want to go
": #SportingKC is 2-0 on April Fool's Day, outscoring their opponents 6-1 in those two games."
Gee thanks for making a crappy collar. It broke 2 weeks after I got it.
I say let's declare a National Holiday and head to the beach. It's going to be a hot one today so stay cool!
Some people see a problem and think "Yo, I'll solve it". Now they are Vanilla Ice.
just read your blog, good luck in NYC!
I should receive the office metal of honor for today & it's not even 9:30 yet. Hell of a day. Any1 with some words of wisdom for a long day.
Decent weekend the Indians won, the Cavs lost, and who knows what tf the Browns are doing!!! But I still love my city
.. laying in the weeds Consie style! Love it!
hell ya 4 following
Thanks for the interview!
It's going to be a hot one out there today. The heat index might possibly hit 120°F so make sure to stay hydrated and indoors if possible!
I work in a district. I need to look at the ranges again, tho...I didn't negotiate when I started. Full of regret.
It helps a lot! You have a good weekend too.
In the song One Love, Bob Marley is singing about masturbation, right?
loving 'eat.shop.Los Angeles' by cabazon books
The bestie can't help cuz he dnt know... I tryda hide things from him cuz he deal wit enough
The audition notifications keep rolling in! I'm in heaven :-)!
I think you might just have to love me forever then. :)
Talk to me please don't have much to believe in, I need you right now....
Oh my good lord. So, so good. You must come here.
My book just went in a totally crazy direction (or maybe just an unintended direction)...I hope Vivian knows what she's doing!
Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon.
Inter Se => Between or among themselves
“ These black women in San Bernardino love me hahahahah theu flirting w me @ the weed spot”
they are either overwhelmed or they don't care.
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
For three strange days, I had no obligations.
Another great event at
HTC One X gets an early CyanogenMod 9 port - Android Community
me too lolol (love u btw
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE ♥
Skate Lift loves San Francisco!
Tyler Perry Studios that caught on fire. well the two buildings that is.
Boy wet the bed, now I'm wide awake. Wish he'd wake Mommy up.
the shot was good.
Don't announce you are relaunching until you actually relaunch.
movin into a higher gear, leaving haters in my dust, eyes open with no fear, its heaven hell or bust
now we howwwngry
I am feeling so opinionated right now. This is intense.
Watching the outsiders with Taylor(:
Life Tacker rough post screening went well but there is a LOT of work to do before June 1st!
thanks u friend;)
“: My family is getting drunk. Lol they had to be Colombians .”aren't they amazing <3 lmfao!
Did tell you Tyler called him out at the OF show at Roseland back in October?
Calling all Staffing and HR Managers please post your HR jobs today and help a great professional gain employment. www.hrjobboard.com
< Yeah baby! I'm the Crab King! Come back and I'll treat you to some....yum!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
Eating cheese cake(:
It's very nice to have a jacket day in North Florida near the end of April!
Sits and waits for my whole house to start fighting.....
Hop-on acquires USAcig,US-Based Nicotine Products Manufacturer Acquisition today announced
Lil Boosie's lawyers claim that he's wrongfully being linked to the murder of Terry Boyd, while prosecutors argue that B
You have Louis tumblr, getting hate for not giving it out? To the people who want it : IF YOU WANT IT SO BAD FIND IT YOURSELF.
Omg nicki Minaj omg Chris brown omg enough!!!
i love you .....and please do a ustream
chicken nuggets from McD'S =] m
I missed the begining of the billboard awards :( but when I put it on I saw Justin :)
... Because your depressed?
Lunch nigga it was 5 in the afternoon Lunch was way past over.lol
Please please go follow is really cool....and if you do follow him i will love you forever!!!!!!
He is cute the next Brad Pitt.
Hold my juice, let's go!
Your beret is simply stunning
Thx for the twitter love on our #TAOofJournalism campaign! Stay in touch!
What did you learn from the sports world this weekend? wants to know, so call him @ 888-640-9385 or text him @ 2247-640-640.
Don't tweet anything stupid, I'm on a culling mission
thanks for visiting our Library! Just so you know that is the Buckeye Reading Room that faces West Campus, awesome view isn't it?
Happy Ben Kweller'ing!
": Fuck me till you love me."
Praying God's goodness over you tonight at our church. God's blessing!
I have my reasons for hating faggets
囧 - INTRODUCTORY POST
or a shower. And I bet you he wonders why he has a omg horrid pizza face too.
hee. my children *are* often naked watching disney movies; so, good for you!
i hav 2 trucks 92 explorer w/ almost 200k and a 88 Dakota with 375k still chugging along
This might be a first. is live tweeting a Baltimore City Community Association meeting. pretty awesome!
haha a frog just jumped in our house when my hubby open the screen and our cat flew across the room #hubby rescued and set free
Congress just passed JOBS act to make it easier to raise money for smallbiz
... and the word of the afternoon is incomparable
The fact the freshman don't get awards is so stupid. I put all my effort into getting good grades and don't get recognized. That's nice.
DeLeo adopts Gov's call to address "middle skills" gap to help train workers for unfilled jobs.
Having an awesome time at the AT&T Mobile App Hackathon!! Who is here?
I miss your face! I've been nudged into doing a marathon for leukemia & lymphoma society in Oct in San Fran. Thought of you!
False row h seat 11
Men: Stop worrying about how to approach women. Just let your sense of boyish curiosity and fascination take over.
Time for some
Thank you =)
MONDAY = BURGER NIGHT
Omg my head hurt :-(
okay i love nicki minaj's song starships! but the video doesnt really have much to do with STARSHIPS!!
cool gadgets
Me too! He's one of my faves too. I'd pay to watch him read the paper. :) He's wonderful! BTW, your blog is beautiful...
Hackworth: We expect to come out and fire away against a very good Seattle team in a very hostile environment.
I only stick with you because there are no others -- Radiohead and/or deep thoughts from ToddStache
super bored....yeah going 2 the mall
“: Dude in front of me at the gas station just bought $500 worth of lottery tickets. #GoodLuckBro” They go big in TX!
Agree!it doesn't need to cost much. And the benefits of growing a garden... well there are too many to list
Three more days until National Train Day! is celebrating with a classic dining car dinner menu! ( #AllAboard)
2 days til Oscar nominees are announced. also SAG Awards tonight. here's hoping wins again. Love him
I so agree!
I distributed the syllabus for lit theory 3 weeks late & one of the students looked at it & said “It was worth the wait. This is beautiful."
FL10 producer ed
😒 you ain't worth wasting my gas!
It's finally Rob Thomas in San Jose day! I love it when he covers funky stuff!
...and it's such an honor...
Note to self: Cross Brainerd off the guest co-hosting list. Permanently.
I didn't lose at the Isles today!
I want a driver for this drive
If your gonna be a bitch, dont even bother talking to me.
Thank you so much for the #ff mentions.
2010 prom dresses www.shopshop.com/Prom-Dresses.html
Thank you to our new followers!
Time for a PARADE!!!
i bet there's way nicer people
We Need To Hurry Up And Get Air Conditioning .
So excited about Wed. heading back to Nashville for 5 days - One word...OVC... Now what to do on my down time while there?
You know what I miss about cataloging physical materials? Taking the ruler out of my drawer and yelling, "AT LAST MY ARM IS COMPLETE AGAIN!"
ILL call in for sure!!!!
lame and over-salted? RT "I'm Jewish in the way that the Olive Garden is Italian." -- at
i like school i do thing ther tthat i want 2 do
- Its so hot & I miss my baee !
Love and joy come to you! Happy Christmas Eve!
Bad things come in threes. Or tens.
lol i shoud have put 'in the liam' in my tweet to Austin
Good morning. It is time for bed yet?
that's how I feel today! Way too much to get done. Overwhelming at times.
There's not enough coffee to get me thru this Thursday....
If you give me some names, I can help out. I think I already have a decent amount followed already. Can you link to list?
Ever thought about going to an #estatesale? shows us the unique deals you can find at 6:17 a.m. on
I think my daughter is going to be left handed.
is not very 'technically' inclined.
ooh love the pink lips dangerous D
That moment when you have to remind your dad that he is actually not the coach of the Redskins and, therefore, cant make personnel decisions
She Said Yes !
So you won't supply us with calculators? We won't supply you with knowledge. I hate WESTest
we have a 1 block delivery zone. Do u fall into that criteria?
Parents are responsible TO their children, not FOR them. Let them go and God will take care of them. Stop trying to run their lives!
thanks for the RT Justin. Hope all is well
such a great beard. yum.
Sleeping with my baby Daddy tonight aaayyyeeee hahahaha
be afraid, be very afraid... and I are strategizing.
why are youu being a bitch?! -_____-
MIAMI IS BOOKED.
oh so magLVN ka pa ba?
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. Zig Ziglar
Tweeps, anyone have experience shipping a dog cross country? Tips? Suggestions?
Good advice! recommends low-oxalate dark green leafies for calcium; fortified foods also!
State of FriendFeed: 14 Things You Probably Don't Know
he can get it , FAREAL BITCH ! lmao
#CaptainAmerican, all I can say is.. You stud you ;) #MarryMeChrisEvans <3 ;)
Our Ward 4 town hall meeting tonight is at 6:30 pm at Peoples Congregational Church at 4704 13th Street, NW
Wish I was in a vacuum controlled lab so I could successfully put this #iPhone screen protector on.
Finally someone agrees with me!
I missed a lot today! why were you on TV? I'd love to go to Seattle, but I have to work on Black Friday :(
": RIP Steve Jobs"thanks for my air Steve. RIP
Twitter Afternoon PB n J yay!! Wish me luck image get surgery today :(
If you ever get desperate for money, remember You can always sell your eggs for $10,000!
Well guess I'm #TeamDWade now! Lol
If I haven't responded to the first 20 of your texts get the fucking hint that I don't like you.
thanks FUR the follow Linda :)
That's cool. Just hard to believe we have had a team that long. Used to be just WGN and the Cubs.
sorry! it was an accident, I love your tweets.... followed back (: <3
lol indeed. No class can change ones stupidity
Looking at the most popular topics today and seeing one that reminds me of what i told lol
With no meetings of reference shifts today, I'm going to accomplish wonders! I hope...
Aw, you were my favorite part of "Once and Again!'
Brief interviews with hideous men. Remember that book?
Celts play a quintessential Celtics quarter of basketball where pretty much everyone contributes something.
Hey, I know that girl! ": Here's to many more, too! RT Happy 25th birthday to today!!!"
I'm nice right now………man I feel good :-)
hey babe
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
Headed to to shoot an episode of Dirty Water TV at the show. Anyone else going to be there?
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
sitting on a random corner calling randoms with my best friend >>>>>>>
Is there anything better than calling a game? I'm working on the LAST bit of grad school work & he's keeping me calm!
Maintaining a healthy lifestyle can help decrease your risk of periodontal disease!
Dear Twin Cities Food Culture, Someone revive the cupcake in a [flat bottomed cake] cone thing. I'm feeling nostalgic.
It's National Walking Day! Join us @ noon at the World Trade Center for a kick-off rally and walk along Waterfront Park.
Great to see your name mentioned in the Adage article today.
" Never look down on someone unless you're willing to help pick them up. "
I have the lead role in a film called Coach. Shoots Feb. 4th. About a highschool football coach accused of molesting some of his players.
Consider it done. Maybe this weekend I'll go to one. I need them to open one closer to me 14 miles is far lol
you better know that!!! Haters still talking about us, so keep that Purp & Yella in their face... Get on your job Haterz!!! 
A5: All leaders need to be visible to be seen and to be seen to be effective. —Ian Jackman
Whats going on everyone? Many of u r asking about our first project. Details soon. What is ur fav debut album of all time?
follow back maybe we can collab on some music
I'm so excited for the new season of
Hard to say. I would have thought a branch would be broken if it were a crow. They are so big. Branch is so tiny. So sad.
I stumbled on your work recently and was amazed to find out I already was a fan of your stuff just didn't know it was yours.
Also, joke time: What's the difference between a seamstress and Ed's guitar-playing? A seamstress tucks up the frills, while Ed... nevermind
You wanna see some ass , i wanna see some cash keep them dollors comin , and thats gon make me dance. & thats gon make me dance.
haha! How cute and fun! :D
looks like fun, but off to a wedding this weekend. will need to catch up another time.
Silly #DOW! You're supposed to go up! Not Down!! Got it? Ok? Good talk.
I don't know if been introduced, that's my wife Lenna at the end of the table with you
Getting ready for work wahoo lovin this thank you Jesus for my job ttyl ppl
hey follow me backk
Who does mixtape reviews in the DMV
Very poor performance overall and it had to Gordon to score.
you're welcome :-) haven't preordered it yet but can't wait to read it
talk about the ultimate walk in the park. it's outdoors gone chic
All hell will break loose of we have a bullpen injury.
Hey, thanks for the shout-out! :) Hope you have a great weekend!
“: Let's get really dressed up, go to bars, and make guys buy us drinks! #FridayNightStrat” miss those days!!
Call me gay but I may have to get instagram now that its come to the android
pssst, I like the way you talk to haters.... With confidence.(:
Well the price point is so different: $10 vs. $60
San Diego State Basketball!!!
that was awhile ago.. Last night she was just saying Im chillinnn with someone and keyra said im austin's rumored gf;) and
turned out my train left earlier than I remembered & I missed it :(. But the write-ups sounded fun ... w/ hints of drama!
You at the bottom of the pole, totem.
Pleasure is ours You come highly recommended.
if you're going to do it, why not do it right?
B4 I StRt Tlkin Ta Sumbdy I Always Give Dem My Warning
I wasn't in class last week…we formed groups for our media/marketing project. My group's project: "Transformers: The Musical" Yes.
Tip of the day: the.
Yoga is Union of Instinctive &Intuitve Intelligence.Evolution of body to self-Wow!!! - #BKSIyengar,
Are you saying all the other assholes are either there or watching elsewhere? Seems like a good time to get some shopping in.
eating at the cheesecake factory... oh yeah!
typical cleveland browns scoring drive to end the second half: 6 plays, -19 yards, 1:07 elapsed
IS IT BAD DAT EVERYTIME I CLICK ON MY PROFILE I C MY PIX IN DA CORNER & SAY DATS A NICE ASS LOL
Feel same way RT : Felt strange nt shrng thghts w/Twitter all day.Result:Had few #fbthoughts worth sharing.2 Tweet is 2 live ...
While ur doing ur competitive analysis add a messaging analysis & apples 2 apples feature analysis. then u can start differentiating
Is home on a Saturday night watching star trek. I'm either awesome or lame. Nah, I'm awesome. :)
This game may give me a coronary.
Everyone is skem is a load of me fucking ass
NY Resolution List: 2) walk outside for >20 mins every weekend (rain or rain or shine).
I bet she doesn't like to use a bobbin in her sewing machine either. How do these people find you!
Same gist, but I think you put it better!
RT : GENIUS dinosaurs from another planet! Film at 11. Really. I'm not kidding.
: #infosec - stop by booth to learn more about Cloud Identity security.
Hey! What does that mean? RT : 日本人の滑稽さ。
OMG ! i cant believe i see and in USTREAM is so amazing i love you guys <3<3<3
WHAT? that's just out of control! I will only honk at nice people from now on.
The Greener the House, the Quicker the Sale
what's up this weekend my lady?
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
why is my voice so obnoxious
Finally 15! I get 2 drive soon!
Do you know what list to create before writing an offer on any home... that will save you money in the long run?
Oh dear... What's going on up there? And how are these pants traveling so far so fast?
IM HERE!
#AskBieber what is your favorite type of candy
grand central is the worst lol
Hey, fellow #Austin musicians: "Every year we barely have enough whiskey out there to meet the demand" -
I'm so obsessed with this song
I'm right with u. I'm tryin to hit up #rackcity bitch
Great to meet you here - looking forward to your tweets!
Ohmygod I feel like shit! #regret !
dude you were awesome with yesterday and as always on the podcast...dude needs to invite you back more often
I just made a donation to World Hunger year in honor of Pete Fornatale
Eat (its not about food) a play about eating disorders opening next weekend. www.yatkids.org
yep. You def need to watch it. They are a lot alike. But Sleepers is better. IMO.
I need my coffee:)
RT : "Women should know that sometimes a dress can change her life." -
Leave it to me to go too hard singing Miley and put a dent in the wall.
RT Worship was so so so good!!!
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your parties stay being LIVE...!!! Im so there :-) :-) :-)
Ugh my parents not leaving no more I miss my bed my hme and my own space.
lol...sure think big.
Boehner just called, says he's coming over for the Soccer Camp the 1st Lady is hosting,..Mr. Cantor is helping with his jock strap now..
woohoo! I just has my hair did too! I feel purty
Yoooo... I love yawl<3... Can't tweet no more.. Gotta get ready for this game 7... Let's go rangers!!!!!!!!!!
Development for #Win8 #Metro is very different. The more upset you are, the more of a fanboy you are.
#NOWPLAYING Justin Timberlake: Cry me a river.
Thank you kindly Dr. Jo! Enjoy a beautiful day Down Under!
Live in SF? Help us get our approx 600 Kickstarter rewards shipped next week! We'll feed you pizza! Beer! Vino!
November 30th man, where you living??
You should also come in and check out our new menu, kept the classics, added some new favorites!
Pushing yourself when you work out and feeling the results. >
You know you watch too much tennis when you are taking an exam, and you are drawing out the draws to the next tournament
awe man. I think I'll be passed out by then! Just got in this morning & I still have work to do. Big day tomorrow.
Charging is not supported with this accessory
marketing conundrum of the day: how to manage the details, when there is no overarching direction from the top?
If I were a lame
So long as Community stays on, I don't care.
Making flapjacks
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Bed time(;
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012: edtech is a tool,get faculty to seek assistance, capture good T&L data, workload issues,
HELLO :) ALL FOLLOW ME TO... I WILL
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -Henry Ford
It's hard to be mad at the car impound guy when he looks like a garden gnome and chews in his own gas station jerky.
thanks to social media guru kristin for tip of getglue.com
The New Year spent in Costa Rica was enjoyable. Highly recommend the San Jose Hotel & Resorts.
Purdy darn sure...unless it's invisible...
Having a great time! Great speakers and a fun conference. Quest is treating us very well :) How are you?
Passionate workers are the underpinnings of corp culture and Employer Brand - if it reflects that culture!
Publishing rights r the rights to a song. If u write a song by yourself, u own the publishing and copyright upon completion of the song.
Mission impossible was so good...
Post photos on Facebook! Quotes are now in photo format. From
I always pondered, do you write your own lyrics for every song? Even if not for every song, you make a brilliant poet :)
yo baby momma
“: , Somebody on the jury a boosie fan 😂”
We're beginning next week (on spring break now). Our year ends June 8, and I anticipate we will finish proj by May. :)
It's not about being who everyone else wants you to be.It's about being yourself and finding someone who loves every bit of it.
Its Cool Cuzo
This Month's "IN THE MIX" Will feature a very special guest for our Q&A Discussion: of COME OUT! LET'S METWORK!
Thanks for the add:)! Wishing you
And is social media the best tool for transforming 1-time visitors to 2-timers? Better than other tools?
LA Fitness 💪
That was actualy me and Wickett is owning my credit.....
Like they say empty vessels make the loudest noise
oh, I have tons of recipes saved everywhere and anywhere.. wanna get them organized and preferably easily accessed anywhere.
The Holiday Beer Brunch is THIS SUNDAY. reservations required. Call 822-6757. Killer brews and holiday food!
Same to you Mrs. W
thank you :) hopefully I see you when I get back to nac!
Happy Thursday Friends!! and Make it a great day!
followed me, then 2 mints later unfollowed me. Follow me again please?
Who biked 9 miles, saw a giant garden snake, and has two thumbs? ;-)
Working on the new #BlueRock #website. It will be launching very soon!
Have a great week Boner!
So if midgets tried to do the wave, would it be called a ripple??? SILK TONIGHT $200 VIP (4bottles) .50 cent drinks before 11p -DJ Ma ...
in our seats and ready to rock!
just tour dates - no worries. I have the same issue.
I know, right?! Great stuff.
Wow, two whole tweets, dont overwork yourself or anything.
MT : Great Day at The White House! Basketball has been very very good to me! Thanks NBA & others who made this a great event!
indeed. It is the common belief in an honest message with intense heart. Nothing less nothing more.
Guards dominating!
well #goodmorning to all u #sexy ppl
Some mfs need to get in tune
:( Get better soon Blondie!!
are you in middle seat “: When you're not spoiled, your ass is stuck in the dead last non-reclining row on a 6 hour red-eye flight
"your bf's about to get effed in the b!"
looking good buddy. love ya xx
I don't steal glitter. I obtain it in perfectly legal ways hahaha
When faced with difficult financial times, collaboration is key. Can you speak to how the systems working together?
I could totally be a musical director for . Got that shit on lock.
Ha, me too! My dad is a scientist. I'm definitely in a realm halfway between food science and voodoo right now.
oh and I brought that blue shirt today for you! But you weren't there-__-
Surround yourself with what you love , whether it's family, pets, keepsakes, music, plants, hobbies, whatever. Your home is your refuge.
YES!! top 3 in NFL for sure. no help around him = down year in stats. He was 4th in the NFL this season in QB pressures...
I've been sitting in this guidance hallway for 20 minutes....these foreigners need to move it or lose it I got shit to do
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
Great Workout today! #Liftingheavythings!
Figure this out: reports that ALL Tweets are being archived, but only "news sites that give them permission." Glad I was asked..
Motivation Monday- "Real happiness comes from inside. Nobody can give it to you." -Sharon Stone #quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day! :-D
yes for sure
I just voted for #DAF11_SkeltonDuBois at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
follow back JJ
Hey...do u know if they are looking for people in the LA Area??
When is the episode you're filming going 2 air?
I exceeded the post limit on tumblr...now what..
Thanks for joining us!
hahaha, I love that you agree with me
My Life CRAZY
#thingsblackpeopletakeseriously our cellphones, caller id and call block
Getting ready for the last set of round tables at# nntc11
Sick move in tight. USA up 2-0
doubt seriously that Paterno is allowed to continue. Fball players are suspended for reasons far less severe.
Thanks for the mention!
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaha,definitivisht u gon be ma special guest :p
I forgot
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.-- Frank A. Clark
I hope I'm done before 5 😞
Can depression be genetic?? Can it cause binge eating?? Why does comfort food feel like it heals?? Feedback please.....
“: believe it or not, I'm walking on air....” did you fix yours too?
Ended up getting my mom a clutch for her bday... I mean after all, a girl can never have too many clutches!
wow, honestly i'm pretty irritated.
Max is ok, no surgery needed..YEAH!!!
#whatsdeadin2011 hopefully you saying "huh"when you heard everything I said!!
hanging on to yesterdays disappointments will only hinder todays progress. Shake it off & start fresh <3 Wednesday STRONG~
most definitely I couldn't agree more. I still rock out to the 80s metal greats all the time!
OMG studying for a spanish test tomorrow, Ay me duele la CABEZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GSA Schedule 736 for Temporary Administrative and Profesional Staffing Services is totally set aside for small business concerns
I really wish today had turned out different.
Great day to you All!
Getting down tonight with Small's Paradise ReCreated. Legends in the house tonight Johnny O'Neil, Umar Hassan and more!
'We pointed out that his own district allows abortion after 20 weeks' Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton on
Tasteless and embarrassing. I hope they fine for this. Don't be bitter because we sold you and knew you were trouble.
#operationfindnextgf I love a gurl who gives back massages
a teacher xD
"Art is like a sport. If you don't try your hardest, you won't have fun." -Dshannyah, 5th grade, Paul Revere Academy
That's what they said they were doing...
Sure I miss you, but what can I do?
well, now I'm about 20 minutes into "the ape man" bela Lugosi, 1943... will explain what that means.
Heath is the pillar of strength!
I'm the chick that dyes her hair a different color every three months.
- you're most welcome!
Yeah, that's not a good sign. Hard to see UW over Cal as well...
make sure you drop box those pictures church
my school
The #eBay iPhone app has an immeasurably more pleasant, easy-to-use interface than the notoriously difficult eBay website.
Fiat 500 B-Spec Leads World Challenge Touring Car-B Standings After Inaugural Race Weekend
I'm so tired of watching movies. Uhg.
gets out of the rehab today and #MNTimberwolves Kevin Love finds out concussion status. More info at 7:10 on
all right, that just set a new standard for cute Charlie pics.
It was represented as though it was unique; it was not.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CALLAGHAN BALLROOM! HUGE DEBUT TONIGHT!! GONNA BE CRAZY!! OMEGA PRODUCTIONS IN THE MIX WITH THE VIDEO MIXING!
“: James Farrior CANNOT cover Tebow as the spy." No, 94 or 43 can. 43 has more spritual power to match up with 15 tho.
those things kinda creep me out... I tried one once and it felt like I was drowning. I was probably doing it wrong!
Wow-Duke!! Great Comeback...Great Game!!
I'll always be a #Torero though.
dude, , that IS creepy. and funny: "don't be so dumb with posting your location info"
Women only have trouble with parking because we are constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
Revised Operation Snag Jake: Stage One: befriend him and get him to see how crappy Alicia really is.
apple harvest later, yay :D
Loving the free iPad apps for startups and small businesses. www.docstoc.com/apps
- What's ur drink? I'll send you 1. Redeem a Bartab drink & enter to Win Box Tix - Hawks v. Blues & Courtside - Bulls v. Heat.
DUKE TODAY MAKES ITS WAY TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP TODAY DUKE ALL THE WAY I GOT MONEY ON IT WELL NOT REALY BUT IF I BET THEN I WOULD........
And the loudest thunder clap I've ever heard just happened right outside my window. Bet I'll fall right back asleep...
#redsox no beer in the clubhouse. Not that I care. Just win!
Okay, foul line.
I just heard a nice old lady say "I could make a living booking Steve's bets". My brain heard (crossbooking) (stevesbets). lol.
Help your district woman!
S&P president is being replaced by a top executive from citigroup
With josh and :) about to go make noise in houston!
is a swag jacker. Be cautious when approaching her
#imagine laying very close to Austin in bed, his hands gently stroking your belly and further down.
Thanks for the shout out! You rock!!!
He doesn't receive much attention, but Allen Craig launched a couple bombs last week.
so why are we doing this?
Ugh :( I am stranded at the river with a bunch of drunk people :'(
Any help in that regard would be awesome. Thanks!
My sister IS Satan.
yeah! Did you saw all of them ? I tweet it like 6 or 7 idk!
many contract jobs lead to full time jobs! Easy way to test someone until you get funding.
free pancakes at ihop today. i know where im going to be after sschool
Do u need a christian dj call us
V-Tech by a FG.
The vitamin B6 found in black beans helps your body break down sugars and supports your nervous system.
Ready for 2nd leg to Vegas: US253 PHX-LAS... Come on, lady, cram that suitcase in the overhead and step into the aisle.
We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today.
Have you received your additional discount coupon yet?! Text PROM to 313131 now! (*standard msg/data rates may apply)
If u like the Real Housewives of Atlanta you're going to LOVE Amateur Millionaires Club! Tune in Sun 10:30pm on MY ATLTV Channel 36 in Atl
Would Emily ever pick a guy who dresses in drag? In drag as an old woman at that? Nope, not a chance.
I'm trying my best, who y'all QB this year
I know a win is a win but that was pathetic.
I don't get the planking movement either.
I wanna text him but I'm getting sleepy plus I don't even know what to talk about... I wish we hung out more
RT : What is your BHAG - big hairy audacious goal?
First lecture of the morning; Grandma Got Run Over by the GST Tax. See my website next week to find out how Grandma did.
When did film get so complicated? I just want to watch a movie without thinking of myself as a baby in a womb who is looking at a mirror.
Thanks for a great coworking group! Looking forward to more!
Last minute promo in Daytona, FL this Sunday, Feb. 14th. Contact if you are available.
Wow great vampire diary season finale!!!
Metta Word Peace said that the Lakers did okay tonight. what ever he is smoking, lemme get some of that lol
‎...rain, thunder, lightning, clean sheets & clean fluffy comforter. ah good night everyone.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Martin Luther King Jr.
thank you cuz
too many lame ass sayings. If its going to be lame, just make it about Christmas
Shout out to thx for the follows!
Oh my FREAKIN' jeez. I didnt think you could look any better than you did with braces. I was wrong!<3:D
RT : April 22 is FREE day at Denver Museum of Nature and Science + Denver Botanic Gardens. Take your kids+celebrate Earth...
school, hell...same thing
If it's anything like my apartment complex was last night, it'll be "Call Me Maybe" and "Sexy and I Know It" all day long.
#highfive ..wish i was in Leeds :(
Very well then. “: - *convey "no" headshake*”
Anyone who grew up with horses understands the feeling you get watching them run...
I already told them that!
can we party when your home?
How good does Jeni's Hummingbird Cake ice cream sound? Cake soaked in pineapple-sugar syrup, then crumbled into banana ice cream. YUM!
Change your #Facebook cover photo often to give fans a reason to come back to your page.
The legend will make his Twitter presence known from coast to coast!
Sergio Rey on framework for for looking at change over space AND time.
Omg I was just listing 2 that song
Im a loser but is supa kewl
not like i miss them or anything..
Ay I said you was boss!
“: Rick Perry: "Not only have I worn a uniform, this Halloween I went as a slutty nurse." #GOPDebate pancake nipples
I think trucking provides strong enough competition for railroads to make that unnecessary.
I just kicked my moms fucking ass ...in scrabble.
I love this sunny hello day!
A small, positive habit to replace the old habit
What great combinations!! I love it :D
I'm so sad. My sister left to move to Louisiana this morning. :((
The bonuses i give out with my mods are starting get crazy eh?? haha
That's right! 100 days and counting
Just saw 's Jake Fishman is a Young Influential Finalist. Congrats. Great group of people at Gap's Liberty Station HQ
Hey guys, I just clicked on your production page and it didn't come up. Make sure you pressed the publish button at the end :)
Gotta love havin them ruin it for you by posting al over twitter who won #TheVoice . Smfh.
thank U ;)
Decisions made w/o explanation & transparency leads to misinformation & anger.
Celtics don't got it anymore the bulls run the.east when.drose healthful!!!
I'd take Cody over Tyler or Zach any day of the week.
Things that don't make writing particularly easy: Screaming children who can be heard multiple floors away.
any chance the packers sign Scott Tolzien to practice squad instead of Harrell?
RT RT : "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once and a while, you could miss it." -- Me.
No. Relationships belong offline.RT : Poll: Do you put your relationship status on Facebook to make it "Facebook official?"
Thank YOU, Kaya, for being an inspiration & tremendous contribution to entrepreneurs everywhere.
#Syracuse down by 4 at the half?!?! What!
Thank you, all the best to you also!
: #ThankYou xoxox's reminds me, gave me a basket full of Chocolates
We've heard from Washington, Kabul and New Delhi. It's 10:53 AM in Islamabad and we're waiting for a reaction from Pakistan's government...
We're ready to #RockTheRed today. Game will be on with sound. Go #Caps!
awww thank you for the tweet! :)
wow, thanks! it's a mutual admiration society, I like your writings!
Gyros = Seasoned beef or chicken wrapped in warm pita w/ lett, tom & onion. Served with a side of cucumber/yogurt (tzatziki) sauce.
goodnight Chris! (:
Thinking of you.
finna walk round ... bored dan a gay nigga at da strip club
the ones equipped with a diaper? Lol
Good website to know for those working close to the Mexico/US border. www.infofrontera.org
Wise people are philosophical, yet pragmatic in their conscious application of principles!
Love songs need to stop finding connections
Ugh, I swear parents are like pros at pissing teens off. I'm ready to move the fuck out!
Crazy to think that it's been 10 years.
ill be that nigga!
#Thankyou ! We all love you
Would anyone who has access to Ulrich's mind doing a quick search for me?
Love New Video For #Boyfriend!!!
Mr.Sutton,Chris Ingram the CEO of prepaid Master Card starts on our station Monday.Global Buisness talk radio.we are the future
Hope Everyone Enjoyed St. Patrick's Yesterday :)
I've been at work on a Saturday since noon and still haven't put make-up on! What's wrong with me?
Thanks for the tweet about the free download of Autism's Hidden Blessings!
Why do you think you're cool?
que VIVA!
The Mariners, Orioles, Pirates, Rangers, Rockies and Royals have watched Jamey Moyer pitch he most likely will pitch for a West Coast team
Doesn't it make you want to watch an Indonesian action movie tonight?
That video omg. STUPID FUCK ASS GENERATION! All of you do shit without thinking! x__________x
I heard the Scott & Kris Show music play as I read that.
I have never seen it? I have not seem a lot of movies-especially current movies. Have not been in a movie theather since 2005
I wish you lived closer 😔
Our money is on the Pokes today.
oh great lol I bet it was funny to watch... But you're welcome and thank you :)
#ttlchi - Hope is not a strategy. Above the fold content is essential for website engagement.
What you CHOOSE, is what you'll have... and what you ALLOW, is what will CONTINUE... RESPECT yourself, so that others will RESPECT you.
Still don't understand the relationship between lesbians and the evolution of Justin Bieber's look they literally go hand in hand
Work all day, Zumba, client delivery & now finishing up a proposal for the rest of the evening. Beginning to wonder when I'll get a life...
RANT: Dig is fine, getting rid of all discs STINKS! I want a phy. piece of art to collect. + I've never trusted clouds. Who's with me?
I hope there is spotted dick.
oh no.. well try staying up, then when its time to go to sleep, sleep, that way you'll be TIRED & CRASH!! the bed TONIGHT..lol
I'm going to frame that last tweet and give it to Mom for Mother's Day- she will see that all her hard work finally paid off :)
Happy mothers day from
Protect your work, music, videos, posts... Protect the internet and fight SOPA/PIPA
Oh happy day. Getting my hair did. Cleaning my house. Packing for my 3 day holiday. Red dot later.
sorry...combo'd twister and candy land...went overboard with Dante's favorite games...
I'm sorry. I don't usually buy into "fixes" - but if that is an offensive foul on Gallo, the league/refs are pulling for LA
I'm getting sleepy. Before I leave for the night, allow me to tweet once more for Ralph T's birthday.
Yes so have I just read an email about the #bluenile contest. Interesting to follow.
RT : Agree- "must improve the schools most kids attend. Can't focus on a "way out" of the system. must improve...
Love your gear. Awesome designs.
I believe!
Tonight at The Tonic, 42 Ford Prefect, Stumblebum, and The Dunbar number! Be there or hear about what you missed and be sad!
So shady
Coming home from Philadelphia !
Missing our fans too!
Seriously I need a nap. But this foot euphoria massage place may just do the trick.
Great to see ya on the Twitterverse. :)
thanks for following
Is that hot sauce back there I see? If so, I hope you gave it a good dash. Looks great.
Demi is beautiful
A reminder for educators & researchers : APS allows local and high school libraries full institutional access to journal publications...
Spotted at Miller Park: guy dressed like the Wild Thing from "Major League"
win8 making me dislike myself
New 18+ Latin Night at Copa Cabana! DJ Tony in the mix from 8pm-12am every Sunday night. No Cover for 21+!
well. This is balls. You should still attempt to get online. I am, for lack of a better term, lonely. And gay.
I can't wait till Justin's in NYC again. EXCITED.<3
Skyping with , and ! Keep track of our live-tweets during the show with #theurbangrocer!
Gov Walker to sign budget on Sunday in Green Bay at Badger Sheet Metal Works at 2 pm
I think I might have a little crush on
I definitely agree
Per Accidens => By Accident
Is anything more rock 'n roll than being a judge on american idol and doing Burger King commercials?
And if he knows what's good for him, he answers my calls when he should and can. Don't do it on the eliptical!
All u crazy kids have a super fantastic tweeting day I'm off to bed. Nite nite. Or good morning.
vote to strengthen penalties for violent criminals who skip parole? Wayne there, collecting per diem, not voting yes.
Headed to see the new Harry Potter with my brother!
GOOD FOR THEM!! Very inappropriate threatening people in TV? Don't they have a better inadequacy or code of Ethics??
I used to highly recommend to friends who are moving, but not again after this experience. Horrible and rude customer "service"
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh thank the lord someone knows what I'm talking about - Jeeeze! -
well, i hate to say this to you, but i guarantee you'll get a taste of some new stuff on SSv3... so the wait continues.
RFC1149 from 1990. RFCs are the rules of how the Internet was to work (just to keep up by nerd-rep) cc/
I wish I can see my mom on Mothers day.
Wondering when I will only need three bookmarked sites: Twitter, Facebook, and a search engine...
Happy Spring tomorrow! Here in the East Coast, we look forward to warm weather and bright days ahead...
All u need is.... Love? No. Internet access is all I need
#asknathan HOW ARE YA LOVE?(; 💋
There's one in Culver City on Robertson Blvd. (I use to live over there :)
You're awesome. Thank you for sharing...
"I'm glad you came."
This might sound crazy.... I just like the floors. I think they look sick!
Hope is dark and love is blind
hello :D
then maybe it is his time to move on to a team that will give him what he wants.
Are you going to get some playing time tonight?
Im in love with a stripper
night boo
Are you tweeting from the men's room and stuck on the terlet? 'Cause I hate when that happens.
So the sub asked what I was doing (nothing) and I told her I was the TA and she asked for my name and the whole class got quiet. #thefuck?
I/ve been great.. Working on packing, and I are moving to our new house on Wednesday
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up. I'm never gonna leave, So put your hands up. If you like me, Then say you like me.
I hate Sewickley Bridge traffic!!!! >:-0
YW! programs & mentors are critical 2 increasing Lat youths' social capital & education, as I show in my book. Out in July!
Have you ever saw the obnoxious person in public and wondered if you ever behaved that way? Smh
Back to Chicago again, I'm sick of driving back and forth, let's hope I get that job lol
Go get'em Ron --->": Feeling good! U already know I'm looking good! Leggggooooo!"
Arkansas Razorbacks Ladies ’ Next Generation Jersey Nightgown / Shirt (X-Large)
Record Label, artists, managers... Hit me Up Today and Next Monday by Email or Here on Twitter as i prepare to head out of town, thx
Best night ever
Fusion Huntington Tonight! Leaving church at 4:15 pm. Give me a shout if u r going.
On the verge...ticking time bomb!
Geez. Everyone online are try-hards. I'm just trying to learn Evil Ryu.
Wish the rec was open later. I was feeling it tonight
taylor swift's got that under control :p
GOO FOLLOW YOU WONT REGRET FOLLOWING HIM, HIS AN AMAZING DJ, ima get him for my 21th birthday
Yard work DONE !
Currently Looking for writers for the site
Watching Enchanted :)
My husband is a minister. I have plenty of statuses and tweets I want to use but can't.
Do you have a "grandma" discount?
Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway :)
I'm sensitive for a bitch.
Preparing myself for what's about to happen. I know it's coming, and I know it's going to crush me. I don't want it to end.
Its like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day. Thought that all these feelings went away.
11:11 I wish you could follow me *I hope you come true*
yes, I am Jenna's mother. aren't I lucky? rock on!
Count down begins for new location, I'm so excited! Stay tuned for more details.
That's awesome - seems like everyone ought to have that speed. If only there was a candidate who agreed... hm
DS: S/O to our new and old followers. We appreciate the love. Can't wait until football season gets here.
sounds like a desperate play for "younger" audiences? Needs smarter writing!?
I can make u some, :D
RT : Can this SAT start at like 10:00? I need some more sleep.
Oak Creek is rising quickly in South Milwaukee. PD reports it is about to top the bridge at 16th and Manitoba.
omg..This guy is hilarious.. Hahaha I just watched the "The Wet Suit" video. Literally LOLed!!!
What are you doing for Valentine's Day? Do tell.
What are the best popsicles?
Just leaving the gym..great workouts tonight
okay w/ that being said you do the cooking and can i come to eat and watch him eat too? ctfu
I listened to it today! It sounds killin man. I'll write the chart ASAP and send it to you when i have it done
Tenfoe killing it in the hip-hop section of IVCTV.net... Like for real!
Hm... Toronto Batman Bowling? Or rocking out!?! Sounds great to me!
