Always music stimulates the mind
omg RR / omg Supplication
Ok please follow me! I follow everyone back (:
Its a good thing it actually starts in 3 days then lol
Well, going to bed on that note
up to my eye balls in boxes, dust and so many useless yet indispensable treasures
Oprah ck out our music for your radio and tv home of the blues Memphis.
So glad I got too see my beautiful gf today<3 :)
t's September 30th! One day before "sober 'tober"! Come make it count at @ Sirèn on the Hotel Palomar rooftop! Message me for guest list!
what subject?
W.O.W. haha
Hey beautiful, love you! follow back it's me ! Little Indian :-p lol
Not much my dude, living in Atlanta and riding on a pipedream. You?
I think our government is secretly behind all these conspiracy theories.
i will
My dream is to be a professional Gardner, its simple an reachable :)
Apparently I've been parking over the line for the past 12 months and he has been taking photos of it for the past year.
been hearing a faint sound of music for a couple hours now. just realised its my ipod in my bag....woops :L
RT : They're not funny. It makes me look like an idiot. // Whatever, you make ME look like the idiot.
Oh... Forgot about this discount... Have y'all heard of Knawty Hawgs BBQ? They're in the Dollar Tree parking lot on W. Tennessee St
Can't put the book down, need to go to sleep.
not true!
Never have I wanted something so bad......Esti viata mea
I hate when kangaroos say they're going to hop in the shower and expect you to laugh like you've never heard it before
Occidental Punta Cana -- 4 nights from $335, includes all-inclusive: all meals, snacks, beverage, activities and airport transfers.
The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music
" People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark." That's extremely false I'm blind in the dark.
Starting pre-production on our promo / short film. Lot's of very cool ideas. So grateful to be doing what we're doing!
“: I have never been more sure than when I'm with you...”
Really good question. One of what appear to be several offseason mistakes
Rodney & Kris? Oh yeah, I'm on THAT. RT 'My Father's Advice' with Rodney on vocals superbly supported by Kris Kristofferson!
forreal i seen all kinds of stuff and was like wahhhh lol , we had the best times !
#Punchline And then there were no more Latkes!!!! ....LATKES!
Oh? That's good to know! Maybe I hvnt had nailpolish on 4 a while but do you feel the weight? Because I do feel it.
I'm in. Let's look at week of Aug 23!
omfg yes <3 what day u getting there?
Calling all Food Trucks! BigEvent Sat. Needya!
Today in 2004: Facebook, a mainstream online social network is founded by Mark Zuckerberg. (via ) happy birthday #facebook!!
My hero.
hell yea lol
Cake and ice cream sounds good right now :)
#donnasummer. Carry on! RIP and we miss you happy home going!
Studying AP Human Geography at
I love Black people...my people!
Psh. You have a high metabolism. And I don't like seeing my mates sad. :c
I need one.
we all love you
was just unfollowed by a guy with 10,349 tweets & 38 followers...I'm thinking that's the same guy at the park that talks to all the pigeons
Russian-style pancakes with honey and beer – Happy Friday! 🍻
I couldn't agree more
Thanks Christine :)
haha ikr me too! And I always go crazy when I see them on that episode! Hahahaa
Yay! Your conversation starter time got moved?
Nice work. I completely forgot to buy tickets to the MKE show this past Sat. Oh well. Are you going to the Avetts? I think I am.
Thanks for listing me!
All this talk about the Nets let's see how many titles they win in the five years! You can change your logo & colors but you still suck.
Lost 6 pounds this week! God is good!
Wow! What a night of Industry Boxing at I didn't fight, but I sure feel like I did.
Jesus You're Saviour of my soul:)
what r u up too ?
I'm ready to complain about the humidity right now.
Comparative American Studies releases volume 9 issue 2. For a sneak preview visit: www.ingentaconnect.com/content/maney/cas
It's not that I hate you, it's like, uh, let's put it this way: if you were on fire and I had water, I would probably drink the water.
"Arion, u know you've been making my day a lot lately, & I think I've told u I love u like everyday." lmfao where's the love?
I'm not going to get rid of my twitter account I have changed my mind
do you know the guy Bobby andonov he lives in australia and he is very popular singer? :D
Laura, thank you for the follow, we love the referrals too!
They just hate me cuz they ain't me
Getting drunk and watching Family Guy is probably all that's gonna happen. :)
Chicago! #Trip 1
Hard to believe he's a
I see
I love my mommy, but i love bailey more, he does not treat me like a little boy anymore, she acts like i'm still 2
Master Chief for VP
Debatable. ;) RT A full functional woman in her 40's should not be wearing a bright, lime green bow on top of her head.
So it just took me 20 minutes to get from one train stop to the next. It's going to be a long day...
We decided to finish out the week, even though it was technically October. What was your favorite item?
No more Grammys. Back to
that's the same thing I said makes life so much easier
Its a chan marshal type of morning <3
Like! RT : A1. cont Don’t be Negative; Practice Positive PR2.0, ..ALL digital footprints have impact, biz or personal
Happy Valentine's Day! What will you be eating tonight?
There are no celebrations going on in New Tampa. The streets are quiet. Traffic flowing. Did hear dog barking. Just FYI.
big WOW year up ahead for RT & HS JV too! Either of our successes give us more juice in this crazy industry!!! Raise a glass
LHS scores. 28-0. Not 3 as previously reported. People are leaving in droves.
me too.
crawfish + beer + sun = naptime in the near future
way to seal the deal in the fourth!!
Know of a great spot or neighborhood that needs #Zipcars? Tweet us to let us know!
Phillip actually did good on that song!
Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?! You are GINORMOUS!
Don't think too much, just follow your heart!
we love you more than the salmon loves the creek. How does a band go about getting an endorsement from your great soft drink?
Of course, the Coast Gaurd is on Coast Gaurd Road...
It's a good saturday so far. Fishing, good food, and looked at some property of course. There's always a deal.
she's not like that she's great but i haven't shouted out to her lately either so guilty as charged
😞 stop playin wit me like dat
Girls with Natural Beauty...
I appreciate the RT
Thanks for sending the link along! Will definitely check out my options
that's great you checked out the school. I know it won't be easy but nothing worth having comes easy. You will do great.
got stuck at pentagon all day - playing catch up on emails / phone / voice mails
that's where we were when we met Kobe! A Perkins in MPLS. Huh.
things would not be right if wasn't tweeting about tornados and bad weather.
At Cutters. Be there around 5!
I can't find my fucking left rear view mirror RT : I can't find my fucking wallet
That's what I'm talkin' about. You go girl! :D #Nirvana & #DaveGrohl does kick ass.
usually it's my ass that I wake up to hurting cause I slept on Eric wrong.
Good morning. #Irene is gone. The sun is shining. Back to work.
...I didn't mention it yesterday....
Think about this: Capitalism could well have failed (people love to point out that communism did) if it wasn't built on the back of slaves.
let me reveal to you the truth about abstract art....It's cuz we can't assimilate, we settle with making it pretty but incomprehensible
#20thingsaboutme I love God with all my heart.
Ha, I was wondering how I started following her. You've just solved it, Rainn. Thank you for my piece of mind!!
sorry i missed you this morning!
awh i hope u feel beter. did u go to school?
We were just a one-room bookstore; we didn't have any money for lawyers.
I have no idea what that is, but I am a willing (if not worthy) opponent. ;)
Let him keep his old chicken until it rots. Do not pay more. That is the only way we are going to beat these chiselers. [1944-03-12]
Check out: Rebeca Tomas (flamenco) @ Theater 80 or free show at Judson Church both tonight @ 8 pm in Manhattan
walk over to 28 and give him a hug and some stick'em....
I might unfollow her i think she retorical or some .
I miss the not anorexic, Harry Patch, Harry Ballsonya, Laquita Juanita Jackson, prank calling, BFF, trash talking motherfucka
I'm so excited my phone is turned back on ya can text call me blow this bitch up Kay thanks xoxo.
At program on eBooks. This program is not eBook-free.
Hello neighbor! Who are you cheering for? Wait, who are we cheering for? This is confusing...
Ernie is a legend in the baseball world, not just around here. He will be missed. Greats like that only come around so few times.
Good Night Followers (:
yhu a fool hey raven its shaunya
Shout to
It's pretty good, have you seen Soilent Green?
i sowwy jess!!!!
Unbelievable day and awesome night. Saw some stuff tonight I will never forget. Still got one more to go though.
We wish we knew about this event! Us #entrepreneur 's over here would of loved to come!
OMG YES!!! Apparently the weather there is amazing right now! And of course it's amazing over the summer! :D
Wind: ruining hairdos and making girls cranky since the dawn of mankind...
Hey Carla, thanks for voting for my friend :)
can't right now, but I promise to follow back tmrw (;
yes, and good luck with that too :)
Register for the event on the Schwartz website here
It does tickle me that 'budget brides' can afford a wedding planner but cant seem to afford my cake!
WOW huge foul at the end of the game! DePaul comes up with a Big Win tonight against Ptt!!
Over/under for job number being a positive for Obama approval rt now seems to be 200k. No idea if that is good proxy for actual improvement.
stabilize your emotions \(.__.)z
come eat a bunch at lonestar and leave a giant tip ;) haha.
she's great.
Jered Weaver's dad watching his son throw a no-hitter while drinking a beer in the stands.
I can't stop. I wish that was a movie. Why can't we meet this man. Funny or die just became my favoritewebsite
Love the national respect that Hamilton is getting. Evan longoria and Justin verlander paying compliments.
Any chance that has access to the files? Would be good for me to be able to show up with a CD in hand.
« the mind is meant to change... to expand, to open ...don't cheat ur self by closing it off . keep listening, keep learning .»
Ready to Start over? Have you consider Divorce? $69 Divorce. Call us NOW (727) 474 9988
A lot of the politicians I've interviewed this week still refer to U-T San Diego as "The Union."
Wow, what a coincidence...that song came on the radio... #killme 😲🔫
Happy Birthday to our Owner/Founder We hope you have a fabulous day!!!!
Lifes a bitch and you can't escape her.
I now have a program called Virtual DJ on my laptop and im listening to john mayer chopped and screwed, ITS HILARIOUS!
I was brought into this world to do greats things, make a difference. And that's exactly what I'm going to do!
It's amazing how much pull the nation's young and ignorant have on Twitter. Wish I could turn off trending topics started by teenagers.
I'm single but one I will find someone out there for mee lol
Of corse birthday cake comes right on when i get to school.
in April!!
Note to self: "Never get eyebrows waxed cause it looks like it hurts like a bitch!!"
Legitimately working on my connection with self
Ooh, I want one, too. I have suggested in the past we have public ones in the library, so ppl could walk/work for brief periods. ;)
Thanks for the RT!
John McGraw and Connie Mack
What's the scariest data type? BOOlean
Some kind of bug bit my leg. But don't worry, I killed it.
LETS TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!!
This is starting out good
The fault is #Marlins. They hired a #Venezuelan not understanding how many Venezuelans feel about #Cuba historically.
Reluctantly turned down an offer to see one of my favorite comedians so I could write and go to bed early. Responsible? Boring? Both?
well yea, ive seen the movie a bunch of times just never paid attention to the singing
I think I might just be the fastest cut-and-paster in the West.
People believe that a business that does one thing is better at it than a business that does that thing & something else...
maybe he could make it in the lingerie football league with that arm. Maybe.
that's one song I've never played, sweet Alabama either for that matter.
Well, I'm glad the Orlando metro area can get their soaps back on ABC, NBC, FOX and CBS now that they won't be livestreaming the trial.
Following the End Subminimum Wage# discussion with interest. Viewed Senate Committee mtg 9/15. Sheltered workshops make things for Wal-Mart.
I can't live my life on their time, I just had to run away
I wish I lived in your neighborhood...i look for reasons to dial 911
So very well said. Only in Austin...
Went running today for the first time in almost a year. All systems nominal and operating within tolerances.
Oh gosh I got my mom al into emojis.
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeye's over that b*tch Wendy? The funeral is at K.F.C. U going? Im taking the Subway.
They could have at least congratulated and !!!! Job well done you two !!!!
you go girl with your bad bracket self :)
This cab smells strongly of urine.
its not working Zam! I'll never learn!
I think the z-score would fall into the 68% definition of the empirical rule. this is 5
I'm ready to be done...... I'm approaching the end of my patience.
Steve Harvey hosting Family Feud!..lol!...did have the sharpest hairline now i guess its his mustache..lol! why is it always black vs. white
can't go to sleep without saying happy birthday to the GRAND man . Happy Birthday Vinny🎂🎉 love you(:
It's my birthday weekend & friends have already blessed me w love.
THIS! RT those fucking idiots that meet eachother on twitter. talk for like 2 day's and then get in a relationship all "inlove"
Thanks Ben! We are very pleased!
Have to wonder about moral compass of students blaming #UMD for #Stoglin departure. Following well-known rules is not much to ask.
just claimed a for ! a $50 1 hr pain relief massage is just what I need after working in the kitchen all day!
MANATEE! AHH! They are easily my third favorite animal - I'm very jealous!
Great, happy to help with this!
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it. =)
so you get email when you want it, as opposed to a flood?
Congrats to all the west side story cast ! You did great
#20ThingsIlove being pet
lol, got finals to worry about first bruh. Then its grind time.
Always happy to help a good cause...thank you for being a great part of the New Orleans community!
Wow left with the bowling shoes on lol
Most girls say they want a "good guy", but when they meet him they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks, and end up heartbroken.”
I am so good at breaking iPhone chargers tho.
#tie2011, great discussion concerning young vs old and how they feel about online PD.
I sing off key, horribly, and I don't know all the lyrics to every song in my library... But I enjoy my music loud -- you're welcome.
#ImSickOf waking up in the morning <<<< 😲
SJ Jazz themes for Latin were working on...Women in Latin Jazz, E.coast/W.coast sound, Cuba,Latin America...shoestring budget...what's new?
Seaworld with the family!
but i am a girl
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day weekend! We hope you enjoy the warm, sunny weather that has finally arrived (again)!
Ikr? But next time i'll have a dryer. and spray
There r so many misguided ppl out here I find myself bn erbody's uncle even older muphukaz
with getting ? Lol he won't ever notice these ;p
On that note going to bed!
Fill in the blank: In order to stay healthy and fit I begin my morning routine with _________.
Here for the #dfwsem meeting; is speaking tonight |thank you and
Really enjoyed the Dancing With The Stars taping today #DWTS ~ P.S. Glad I saw Carlos Santana perform live too...made my day :-)
cross my heart hope to die lol hahahahh
Autocorrect just changed saliva to salvia! IT'S LIKE IT KNOWS ME.
Finally, the Facebook Music Pages are on the Timeline.
thanks for the twitter luv! followed back! :)
on a scale of 1 to 63 how excited are you?
hahahaha. I was wondering how long it would take before I got a response like that ;)
That aint none but the Devil!!!
LOVE the wed flavor-malted marshmellow chocolate
Im So Sore D;
Great day on set of CSI:Miami
had a great meeting today with entrepreneurs looking to put a urban farm/aquaponic operation in the 47th ward!
Once I finish my roguelike, I think that'll be my next adventure!
Thank you for following us! Happy Holidays!
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Weird to think that a year and a half of wedding planning will soon be over.
lol, boy you a fool!!! what up boy!
We are open! #miami #hotel Stay 10 nights, get one free!!
We offer confidential psychotherapy ... visit our website for more information.
I dont care the outcome. Drop - 15 (Original)...if u got it.
It is hard to find "the answer" at this time of the year, I'm sure you and fans are happy if he turns out to be an upgrade
Sounds like your food baby came out breach.
Working on a lyric video for our new song Hopespring Drive, it's super intense! Who's ready to hear the new song?
AMAZING!! Can't wait for more soon!!!:)
Stop the Ban on last night! A great piece, thanks fox 5! Great work! Anyone see us on KUSI or CW6?
Haitian Embassy was not jam packed with people. On arrival a volunteer fr Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee was on TV interview.
How was the dinner
Sorry i got a lot of nigga homies, b.tches just don't fwt ( fuck with them) # DRAMA FREE ZONE
Getting signed is only the beginning of the struggle. The real battle is getting priority at the label. Oh how I dread music politics.
Watching the social network. So happy justin timberlake saved the facebook by calling it facebook. He should help the north face out.
HINT TIME?! Ok you really want to put your glasses on for this hunt!
If U tYPe LyK dIs or anything even close, un follow me now
hit me up whichever you go to!
I fuckin said it. I burned a bridge. I dont regret it
has faith that God knows what's best,even when i can't understand the reasoning behind it
hey! We are about to upload some demo tracks. We are in the middle of recording new tracks. No where can we hear your music?
Neither can we!! Hope to see you there!
I'll buy U a drank 4 my tardiness. Do the speed limit, stop at all the lights b4 U know it ✨I'll B there 😊
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
's Adda Birnir: 'Entire tech instury is dying for talent & biggest pool of untapped talent is women'. On next Broad Experience.
Nigerian driver drops another reco for Bolat in Wrigleyville. Good pick!
That's good lol
Hey #AnnArbor you have your dancing shoes ready for next Fri at ? Don't forget your gently worn shoes for too!
If I get angry enough to start yelling in a foreign language, that's your cue to STOP TALKING. Especially if it's Yiddish. MOVE ALONG NOW.
we can't wait either! See ya Sept. 15!
In Miami for a series of meetings. Somehow rain and Miami don't mix.
#PMALove out to out with knee! We know u can come back -- ur so tough! Heal FAST, Ace !!! Keep that positive attitude! :)
Sure. Really good place, especially for Riverdale, which was destitute of fun restaurants.
hey brig how u been??
!!!!Go Follow ASAP
you should send him the photo:
OMG THANK YOU
Six jobs in the next four days. Yes, do the math.
I have realized that if people want to run their mouths there's nothing you can do about it, but let them talk.
I don't have to buy my own domestics goods anymore!!
starting watching #Grimm I dunno what I think yet
You know it's bad when I have to buy myself treats to reward myself for getting through the work day.
I am surprised the GOP didn't also demand that Row v. Wade be overturned and Iran immediately invaded during the negotiations.
I wanna have shot night after my last final
MT : Whitney Houston's death ruled as accidental drowning. Heart disease, cocaine use listed as factors.
Vanilla has a branding problem. Far different status as a scent vs as a flavor.
love you lots and lots!
Your smile.<3
#OOMFNeedsTo be with me rite now
I miss #Exscape and #Swv so bad!
#ncaafinals tried to watch the game, but I decided someone needed to score so I fucked my neighbors wife.
Meta tags on Content Marketing GREAT! Will be sharing with my show's listeners. Thanks!
The whole PolitiFact WI has been a joke! The JS has always ignored the real stories. Unless there's a chance for a Pulitzer.
Up way too early
I fucking hate wind. Leave me and my hair alone.
A proclamation of Women's History Month, 2007, by President George W. Bush. Perhaps it should be renamed to National Women's Rights Month!
Hello friends hope every one is having a great morning
Heading to the airport for New Orleans and the Final 4. Excited to catch up with a lot of people!
not pretty in the early rounds but my finalists are still alive
Let's connect...
I have eaten more meat since leaving the East Coast than I have in the last year. Even a (small) steak! Crazy!
I agree lol
most retarded conversation ever
is a very hot handsome man got time this Summer to watch his other work besides #castle can't wait :) very lucky:)
Man if this dude don't get outta here so I can drop this deuce 
We'll be there til 10 (and who knows...maybe we'll head out afterwards haha)
Well, lets go Monday!! Writing, then a starting my day off with some Nike Training Club.. anyone done this? its awesome
Awww my last day at the library and the Weather lady called me! Today's headline: Moisturizer.
“: whoever runs <<< #nsaproblems ”
hey guys, thank you for a great game. The new tattoo is for you and the whole team. :)
oh alright sweet. are they already on sale? should we be hopping to it? :p
": Hey, today is 4 20. Does that still mean anything?" National Weed smokin day.....lol!
Turkey Cranberry = best sandwich in the world.
Honey+lemon
If U voted 4 in 2008 to prove that U weren't a racist, vote for someone else in 2012 to prove you're not stupid!
I guess that happens when both people in the relationship are bipolar and both have anger issues.
I miss my boyfriend.
CES 2013 -- perfect for tech journo, close to both cities. There's your key. Now what excuse do I have to visit France?
#ICantStandPeople who don't take anything seriously.
A bad day for EBSCO all around. heh Hope the database training was salvageable!
you at branch?
ok I wanna a #13 orange juice thank-you
everyone. that tweet was a joke.
AYE we havin the ode party
SO TRUE. every time the used comes to Seattle I end up getting super schwasted/ too excited on life. haha
scottsdale hair salon Internet Marketing & SEO: scottsdale hair salon. The wavelength of the program (quite small) is this kind of t...
'Dolphins died of drug overdose after rave at theme park, according to report' -the news we don't stand a chance thursday!!
PE was the death of me today.. i’m not in football, i shouldn’t be flipping tires
Just finished my thank you notes to Congressional offices for #NLLD & putting together a press release about attending with
College students interested in a career in radio should be at "In The Mix" on May 17th 2012!
Melo please have a better half :)
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
is a #MoCo thing and a #DC thing - the county and city want to stop plastic bag pollution, bring your own bag and never had to pay
Really? In wich city? :] I'm go to Brazil in February.
He must be quite a squeeze if you put up with that sort of sentence structure! I'm honored to follow you too.
Congratulations on your grand opening!
that has to be why they just got their first win
That. Hurt. So. Bad.
I've just been promoted to Level 8 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
Falk supporters still upbeat, if bittersweet. Hearing positive response to supporting Barrett, working toward "common goal."
Any Scottsman riding a jet ski in the Atlantic ocean is a friend of mine.
We recently expanded & moved our headquarters to Chicago but we attend many events in Naperville, Plainfield & Joliet.
who knows... he signed an extension this year, so he's contracted for 3 more years. they'll compete to be the starter?
that song is so sad
No just multitasking. I have a draft. Let me polish up and get it to you later tonight.
What's up with utility people and small shirts. Nobody wants to see your hairy back, or your hairy crack.
Testosterone Pit - Home - Havoc and Opportunity in Natural Gas
i turn 18 tomorrow.....I will finally be legal and not called a "baby" by my college classmates. YES
I'm going to miss you to baby:/<3
Thankfully, we are just around the corner from , so no difficult decisions there!
School just started:/ I want it to be summer again already!
Welcome to Twitter!!
Milk does a Panther good
certainly. that's the beauty of blogs, good ones create discourse asynchronously and allow topical discussion
What's good cuzz?!
Me and Ally dying each others hair this weekend. This will be FUN!
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Legal Assistant for Sullivan & Cromwell. Deadline to apply: Wed. 2/1
Haha. It's not easy to get replacements for those industrial-strength Velcro strips.
i'm so tired
An audience of 1 is enough for me, particularly if it is you. The fic will have the inevitable trading of sidekicks
When you know that you're on the right road, you recognize the wrong turns easier and prevent yourself from even
you got a dog! yay!
what were we talking about?
Mah man. Havn't seen you in a minute. Our lil asian friend missed his lakers play in game 7 lmao. Had something else goin on.
That's interesting. Wasn't aware.
May I use the word sarcastifying if I credit you? :)
We've got speaking first @ #techinmotionphilly!
we've sent your tweet to our support team they'll get back to you ASAP. Sorry for the inconvenience.
people just really know how to piss me off.
Do not resent growing old. Many are denied the privilege
me too see ya <3
-- why are we worried about Duke? Who cares who they will play? This is about us and a rivalry game.
Be proud RT : Your mom never fails to get a RT!
There are places that I've visited (and spent money in) because of #Giro coverage, a beautiful aerial shot or two.
One week from tomorrow will be my last day of high school ever
ah! can't wait for ashley, michael, chance and whoever else to get here! awesome times ahead.
We love being featured. Let's do it!
Chesterfield's Denny Hamlin #11 on the pole tomorrow! Bring home that Checkered Flag
Billy Crystal, Tom Hanks, and a silent film nominated for Best Film. 10 seconds of Biebs does not suffice to balance. 18-24 came and left.
Weird how its only November in 3 days, and Christmas is in almost 2 months. Lmfaoo.
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facebook as well! Leave a comment on our page and we'll mail you a fabulous smelling goodie in the mail!
They cannot take away our self respect if we do not give it to them.
I love my cousin.. she's awesome!
Natalie Portman won the Oscar!!!! She definitely deserved it!!!!!
First time twitting here
its unrealistic to think you wouldn't have these days, based off of how many games. Don't all cities face this?
How rude!
If your out of sugar, but you make kool-aid anyway
welcome to Ithaca!
RT : Houston is the older uptight sibling, Dallas the younger, Austin is the middle kid who drinks a lot & spends all day on FB.
...since no matter the topic, we're talking 15 years of work, so thousands of pages.
Great Minds think alike Colleen. Watching the series premiere on demand. Big fan of Stephen Lang.
lol I/eye!!
Somebody follow me! #STALKERS!
Good morning! Good luck to all the students taking the SAT today! Be confident & leave nothing blank!
im in the hOOd!!! haha
Walking by another BART shooting. Awesome.
12 nominations , WOW !! Well You get what you give ..& you got what you deserved ! Felicidades !
OH at work: I don't know if I'm ready to have a kid. I forgot to brush my teeth on Friday.
Family Christmas vacay to Cabo. This might look a lot like a National Lampoon movie...
Im feeling good this Morning.....
Well, I decided to give Twitter another try.
Nothing like sitting in "class" bored because it's piano lab. I feel like talking a walk through the halls.
Bay area folks: If you're going to the Beaune events at Chez get there early; supplies are limited for each evening.
Thanks for the follow man!
me either but the ship name is better than Nemi
RT : If I’d asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse ~ Henry Ford #creativity #quote #rocktheretweet R…
Yes. For selfish reasons. RT : I need to be in the next show!!! Like seriously!
I don't need a boyfriend, but I like the idea of having one.
ife is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
I guess the Bullies wanted to save the last dance for Pittsburgh on their home ice. SMH
Those aren't ladies...
you gonna have fun !
AHL announces suspensions from Sunday's Admirals-IceHogs melee. 10 games worth of suspensions handed out, 4 to Ads players.
On my way to NYC for the day to spend time with my Dad and his wife. Megabus ahoy! & bless for being open at 7am every day.
Some assume that their feelings are how everyone should feel, but #love is too wild to be limited by #age grouping.
The type of this investment… •...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
Going to the reds game tonight. Seats will be right against the wall in outfield. Hoping hits a homer right at me
Poinsettia Bowl today! GO FROGS!
Yeah!!! If not during the week, the weekend?? We'll schedule a date!!! I'll txt u 2nite. :)
I've only tweeted once today and this is my second tweet! :o wtf!
I didn't even know:O
DON'T PUT YOUR HANDS ON DAMIAN
you need to be hangout with me lol
Why do people never say "it's only a game" when they're winning?
You shouldnt rely on others to be happy but there are a lot of things that we SHOULDNT do that we still do today
Thanks for checking the QWiPS App out. We hope you love the iPhone App as much as we do!
We all know #AndersonCooper could get it. Ill put it on a sliver platter for him.
nothing like a social media panel to make me miss my iphone
aww thanks! so much everyone plzzz follow this awesome giirl! <<<<<<<<<<<<
Playing at BOSSA Bistro and Lounge (Adam's Morgan) tonight 9pm-1am with HETERU (Nigerian Afro-Beat group) Check this out!!
Lovin the Gold Buckle Seats
is thankful her computer in FINALLY WORKING!
WWE12 I got with with that Brock Boy!!!
☼ Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
has big things on the horizons! Be sure to follow them.
Thinking the bosox made a mistake picking bobby v, guy has not shut up since being named coach
Thank you - and for the retweet too! Hope you have a great weekend.
“: Man I want some zaxbys wings..”-- damn nigga
cool! & no your perrfffect the way you are!
& justins eyes r so beautiful I could look into them for hours there like a honey brown color there so georgeous :)
Hey, thanks for including our tweet in your daily! :) It feels great to share and get an echoe!
Yes! : I would love for more veterans to become #teachers. We need a diverse teacher workforce.
how about that Bucky?
Farmers Almanac is calling for a colder and snowier winter than average. Sorry to break the news, unless you are a winter enthusiast!
Lectured to day on Christianity in Uncle Tom's Cabin, "The King's Speech" and the UK's entry into WWII, and Shia/Sunni split.
Scientist joins local schools to excavate Craig mammoth remains
12 hours of sleep was not enough for me. I still want more.
<--make sure 2 follow ths NY based ag/food lawyers, esp if U R direct marketing farm products.
excited to post the street t-shirt photos sent in from in NYC! check in later at www.niceshirtamerica.com. Thanks beth!
Lil Kickers first event scheduled in the new building. Tomorrow 10:00am
how's everyone's day?(:
BUH BYE TWITTER. i hate you.
he really be blowin his nose and puttin it back in his pocket. like nothin happin
We're celebrating our new anthology at downtown TONIGHT at 7 p.m. Come on by for a listen and a cuppa' Earl Grey.
A gorilla's penis is a mere two inches long. Sucks to be Mrs. Gorilla!
Go Bravos!
They're predicting snow in NYC tomorrow night...the 1st snow is pretty & fun, but I'm not ready for what follows...
Where the pheens at?
Haven't been on Twitter in weeks! Noone seemed to care :-\
I want to get a hunting license, and legally shoot shit.
I will I cant wait for the day I get to meet you in person!<3
yes, it concerns me as well!
Food and drinks for tonight's meeting is brought to us courtesy Come out early and grab a slice and a drink!
Maddie shout out to because well WOW look at that pic
I hate when nightmares have me scared to go back to sleep!
Twinkies are my favorite!
go to donuts tonight!
Chapter Chair of introduced , Director - #ebiznow Philadelphia
Thanks so much for the follow, Emanuela! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
No team in the league gets more easy buckets than the Thunder
If you're a VIP, you should follow
Thanks for following! We hope you'll visit our theatre again soon! We loved Frost/Nixon, too! But very glad YOU liked it!
#LOTR nacho commercial at the movie theatre.
i can give it an hour per weekday but it's not enough. i find the instructions difficult to follow - and I'm used to AACR2!!
they so thin :o
“: You're a movement by yourself, but you're a force when you're with #Libras. #WeMakeYouBetter”
So looking forward to getting back out to LA! See ya friday! :-)
Can't Find My Comb....This Is Bad , Reaall Badd . . . Micheal Jackson.
#dearmothernature I think you skipped a season. It's called winter and it's supposed to snow.. Just letting you know.
you are quite the Neo-Victorian gentleman/poet/difference engine programmer
School Bullying> a #Safety issue for #kids, teens, families & society
Im so used to waking up early , Good morning everyone!
I sense you in the Twitter-sphere and it takes my game to a higher place.
I just slept so hard - 11 hours or so.
Can't believe Tyler converted me to a Broncos fan.
apollo 18 no better then a 2 and a half pushing 3 out of 5
SOBER MOMENT: How did Aaron BarRAZA get 6 endorsements ALREADY? Sheriff's, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT
no! August is everything! August is classrooms and students and reading and writing and going crazy! August is grad school!
"I promise you this ..... you will be shocked at the impact of your Persistence" --'An Enemy Called Average
I don't think anyone loves this as much as I do. Having a big time campaigning in Graves County.
So is it true, Coach Trent Johnson to TCU? We shall know on Monday!
I can't see 3D films, but I might see Titanic on the big screen just because I remember how amazing it was in 1997. One of my fav. movies.
Lowes lumber yard guy to minivan mom: "Pull your rig around here." Now I feel like a bosslady.
but I'm tired of beer too.
So who do the heat play in the second round?
Laying in bed watchiñg #RHONJ from season 2. Its funny how things change.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Can you please follow me?!?!?!?!?
Oh how did you know I needed to hear this song RIGHT NOW???
We are looking for a Project Lead for a client based in Washington, DC. The position provides the opportunity to apply oneself developing …
were fans just chanting "f*** you seagulls" at wrigley? Something like that was clearly audible on TV.
first name basis
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar. Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
Every tweet on my feed is either about #wirecall or
doubt anyone cares but I've cut Fallout 3, GTA: IV, & Batman: Arkham City from my wishlist due to
Give me your Han geez when is this gonna trend
#Cubs have two pitchers, one hitter left, #Brewers have one pitcher, empty bench.
GOOD SO FAR AND URS?
Human Business Works thanks
If you ask the attendants at the main gate, they'll point you in the right direction!
Just on twitter being bored as usual, aha.
I saw it a couple of weeks ago and was blown away. I'm really looking forward to seeing it again tonight.
Trippin on how absoloutly gorgeous my wedding invitations are. Whew. It's going to be a great party!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/21/12 is Sally and Dan!
thank you!
ok smarty =P where are you? Bring your orange bow to the party with you. Ha!
What's my problem with salad? It tastes funny with barbeque sauce.
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's had to be both parents
“Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others?” - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can go out & run now!
they're just unripe - chef Ricardo from made strawberry gazpacho w/pickled green strawberries - new to me!
We hope you decided to go with the White Elephant. ;) RT : Save the $5 or spend it on a White Elephant from ?
rofl.. while i would love to be Mel's friend, i seriously doubt that will happen.
also how helps social startups use gaming effectively and well.. and like play not work
Do you give the newest book free or older one? I love Twitter and want to translate it into sales. Must check out your book.
congratulations, Matt! We're happy to have you in the program & we're confident that you'll do great at and after.
For The First Time-The Script:)) everyone should really listen to them they write the best songs ever</3
's Alien Andre just offered me some of his (infamous) Texas Toast. probably will never happen again...
still love my nuggets!
First tweet from Ex Libris! Hello Twitter :)
ohmygosh Marina, you remember everything! I remember you would always wear these cute dresses :) awww chambers is special 
Did we mention we'd love to see you there?!
It's great to have Marshall home...even if it's just one game!!
Looks like they're the muscles you use to bend the first two knuckles, and the straighten your fingers.
I wonder if Urban shows this game to recruits?
Christmas break!!!!
Liquid fence? Will that also keep out rabbits, woodchucks, and other herbivores?
John Goodman smokes a mean cigar.
I was not planning on spending money today I blame
They love me long time...lord knows how they would act if I pleased them *wink lol
Going shopping before work & after work getting my hair done 
Shhhhh. My cousin. He's special.
Anyone have a record of what went on at #edcamp detroit? Would have loved to attend, but had birthday dinner!
Note to Artist:If you're going to rap about sneakers please have something on your feet other than a general release
Check out Clouds Taste Metallic. The latest LP Embryonic is fantastic as well.
yes boobs are breast are fat so if you lose enough weight you can lose your boobs
I am so grateful for your support!
okay have a good sleep
oh ok, just makin' sure, cause i don't eat dead bodies, unless its Asians.., that's different.
Monday! You're so good for the soul! Motivated & inspired to give more, become more & make life happen the way I see it & want it to be.
115 mining companies operating illegally in forest areas in ...
Oh cool. Wasn't sure if there is a rivalry RT : I do not...we all get along RT : You hate the TV guys?
Hug? You're awesome!
I hate
Will still be missed in #Packers uniform in 2012 RT The Eagles and have reworked contract to remain with team.
Paul's Boutique is arguably one of top 5 rap albums of all time.
Headed out to one of our favorite places in Ohio - Somerset, Perry County.
Hope you get good news @ the doc!
Martin Mull once said "Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
Snow is pretty...watching it through the window, when I'm warm and dry at my desk and not driving anywhere:)
So frustrating. It has been the longest two months (and a few days) ever. If only..
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!
Thank you for the return of shake! Mon, Mar 12 - Timbers Opening Night - Buy One Shake, Get One Free.
oh my god the drag queen on glee "higher than any otthaa"
Do you see anyone else trying to make unfair trades...I don't see John trying to trade with me...
Rediscovering my Pink Floyd shirt = awesome. Now I have something to wear for Britain on July 4th that's more incognito than my Union Jack
I think i sent a request. Lol who the hell knows. *snort*
LOL..luckily you guys were dressed for it!
about to play some BF3
Uh oh denver takin this to game 7
There has to be some middle ground here, such as parental responsibility, than the extreme of zero tolerance.
Looks like the entire RCL contingent is in this emotion/pathos/affect sesh
I don't dispute that, but now it's being vilified by some of the biggest liars in the press. Now they are crying for integrity? Ha
SPONSOR = Sober Person Offering Newcomers Suggestions On Recovery
Expectin to have a fab weekend...Tonite ...Ledisi's concert ...what a voice...
pretty much giving up on the monsoon this year. Hope you are feeling better.
thanks kevin!
Thanks for stopping by, ! Which flavor did you get?
Did you fall in a whole barrel of the berah? Lol.
IS YOUR SKIN BREAKING OUT LIKE A TEENAGER'S ?THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO, treatment and cover ups read below. flawless makeup application starts
You know youre a true fan when at work when people look for his cds they just get me and of course I mention the mixtapes
that must be the new album cover for your new solo album 'Double Fantasy'
checkout the first and largest internet station
Aren't eyebrows already on your face?
what do u think of Charlie the unicorn
RT : TY, Mark RT I'm w & suits r & we're supporting students of
- im graduating :/
Our Insane Offer has Sold Out - but the Bonus Offer is ON for 50% Off! Check out our Insane Offers page for more details!
"The hammer is my penis" RT : Elise Jordan can be my speechwriter any day. I could use her on my staff.
Thank God for waking me up this morning.........Take nothing for granted... Life is a gift....
"It's about building a culture of high expectations." David Jernigan executive director of KIPP Atlanta
- well, I am 6'5"...but basketball was never my game. I could throw a football through a hoop but couldn't shoot a basketball!
I almost feel bad for people that run for public office for the power, prestige, or perk. Do it for the people or your plans won't prosper.
haha yes ma'am! and i know! but i no longer have a dland pass :( almost a year now :'(
that's a personal issue, man. Sorry. Hahahahaha
Plot development by the scene immediate; does that depend on viewpoint? Not really. Tension is more important
I just found out EVERYONE in my family hates me because of my piercings. Fuck everyone of you.
I was really surprised how cheap seats were in dallas and I still dont tnink they sold out
I bet it was AWESOME Tyler! :)
Who's ? In math: my solution In history: my king In chemistry: my reaction In art: my heart In me: my life <3
So many emotions running through me right now!
Final :30 filled with coast-to-coast passes and dunk after dunk! Good game - 6-point win for Gold!
Oh yes - that would be good too!
no more Harpo's. Online school in the fall. No more CSU lol
Who is going to the ACC Championship game this weekend? Go Noles!
me: i'm happy.. my heart: yeah right.
If people in this world teach me anything it's: if it's not going to happen now it's not going to happen. I'd hoped it was only in stories.
Tonight started out shitty but ended awesome. What goes around comes around.
totally, as long as they don't smell like genuine LA bum urine :/
My roommate's dad didn't know she was living with a dude. Hilarity ensues!
I need to like keep my brain off or I just cause more problems. (._. ) sigh
word to the wise: don't drink gatorade during a red light because the driver WILL slam on the gas
We are each unique. Let's honor ourselves and each other for what ever and everything that is.
thanks broski!!! :) rape=prison time now hahaha
Going straight from the Super Bowl to the airport to catch the first flight home seemed like a good idea a month ago. ugh.
making beats with and
America gut check: We're going to h**l in a
I can't tell you how cool that is to hear!
tiger woods<3
thanks for the follow! Didja get my voicemail? It was my bday on Friday! Fan for 20+ yrs--See ya at JazzFest!
Most things that make me drool (in a good way) are on
we have a party tonight at my house and iam the DJ iam going to play ur song justin love u <3 much love u r growing up so fast
definitely can relate.
Sure! You follow me and I follow you!
In SD 4 the day. Dad might get out Sun or Mon Thanks for asking RT : Hey I hope things are improving
Shipped the little tourney at Hustler last night. Was 3Betting like a maniac! What's the worst hand you've ever 3Bet with and won the pot?
Best weekend ever. Got my first true par on the golf course yesterday.... Small steps! Haha
Tip #189: After obtaining poker skills...mental and emotional strength is of much greater importance. #Train through #rigorous methods = WIN
saw 7 a.m. this morning for the first time in a long time and NOT due to staying up all night.
Ay can a poor rapper tryin to make it big get some free beats? ;D
Nobody at school understands my excitement. God damn. I feel like dancing. ;)
Love it!
I mean I like arcade fire but album of the year? Ehhhhh.
Wow! I really need to figure out a way to allow sleep to become part of my daily routine.
man chilln about to hit up jack LOL What u on?
Twitter module makes it more complicated than necessary; intro one was well received by SoMe-curious colleague
Thanks! I'm not sure what I did wrong. Tried to fix it...
CAT: nom nom ME: Hey, stop chewing on my phone. CAT: oh, you wanted your screen protector intact? *rip*
Interrupting twitter silence to state that driving HW 1 north from San Francisco is totally amazing. So beautiful. Currently in Point Reyes.
I live in Alaska. Why in the world are we not allowed to vote on it as a state? That is my children's bread and butter!
the earlier the better!
omg! He was at my house today :)
Oh please.
Bummed to say I don't think so. Will let you know if they record though.
Wish my games wouldn't have gotten cancelled
The forecast is calling for more snow this weekend! Are you kidding me?
I am adding another category under Sporting that should allow you to single out my blog post again & then mention my twitter.
What's the name of your favorite paint color?
Mean!! #Glee <333 :D
what's goin on
being a #Directioner doesnt mean that im not a #Belieber anymore so dont be talking $%^# (;
Some really cool new stuff coming to WebCamWindow this year. Can't wait for you guys to see it.
Working the casino 2-10 I hope I make lots of money!! I'm so excited!
and that is how you get to a game 5...
": let me know if your gonna do something else for your bday....love u & GN" love u to n ok
I would if I could, trust me.. =(
Either I'm drunk or I have genuinely fond feelings for all your tweets tonight
Back to life. Back to reality.
Don't forget Leeds! Fucked Up / Eagulls / Black Lungs / Iceage all playing The Well on Mon 9th May, gonna be huge!! Tickets still available.
if you not funna satisfy my needs, someone else will
Boston is beautiful today. I love living in this city.
I'm a man in desperation! Can you please help my situation!
For Esmé, With Love and Cointreau
my school lol tell danh to scoop you !!
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!
I can't live without my cell phone :D
All wrapped-up and hidden for the big day! I love you, Son.
preference is different than "hate." - I don't understand why humans can focus on whatever we want. and we CHOOSE to hate.
Hey my inspiring #mombizmondays ladies!It was my 1st time in the chat & loved it, but need 2 get some work done, so have a good nite!
"There's only one God ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress that way." - Captain America (Marvel Avengers)
Really bummed you can't make it to Buffalo. You were replaced with Lance Armstrong. That should be a friggin hoot.
very cool! Hope you're enjoying conference.
spain facts
Never been so excited to go to sleep in my entire life as I am right now
Of course I do
I'll give your mom a car wash. Wait, what? To reiterate, you owe me a car wash. And probably dinner after those shenanigans.
The first step to NOT being an asshole, is realizing you're being an asshole!
I think it's great marketing that when u tweet about being in a place they almost instantly tweet back and thank you. Technology today. 👍
With what?
A Pinkberry parfait makes a great light lunch! Orginal and Peach....with strawberries, blueberries and gra-#nola! #YUM!!
Will U.S. continue to kowtow to Movement Conservatives or will we follow example of Iranian people and stand up for our rights?
What is this show? I hear about it on #NPR but I have no idea...
I love too. I think the show, doesn't show her in the best light sometimes. She has class!
Can't wait for you to return!
yeah buddy!!
Having just started reading online reviews of Girls, am struck anew by triumphant diagnoses of characters as "spoiled," "entitled," etc....
I got to live for Morgan after today I'm done playing he gone feel me in some months u and yo hoe sending dis pic we put b blessed
see now thats your fault! Its not my fault that my dad had this car since before I was born and now it's a piece of shit:(
"imagination is the ultimate renewable resource" - DJ spooky
Just tell to save some for me, since I told him about the cool cloud shot last week. Wonder if he even used it ...
Superintendent: Had a community conversation over last 18 months about what 21st cent. skills students should have-started at board
You REALLY get to know how inefficiently you write when you have to write short captions for an exhibit. This tweet for example...
Bout to do some cleaning and then sister time w/ :)
RT Those who have Lead an Electronic Invoicing Measure are often recognized as having a Solid Impact on the Organization...
Your the 2nd person who said this
Starting to get hyper!
RT : God's Word never fails to fill me with awe. Shivers down my spine as I think on 1 Corinthians 15:12-20.
:)Let.It.Snow(:
ah oh well those meetings are too far away anyway. cant waste gas like that
As long as he gets me 30+ save and 90+K, I'll be happy. Give me an ERA around 3.50 and a WHIP around 1.20. All good
Donna Summer, you better be turning it out up there. RIP, baby!
Aha! Now it makes more sense.
not at the moment but I will make sure to ping you if I head in your direction!
Here liability is.
Happy earth day!!!! #ILoveYouMotherNature 
#Seth please do me!
Right on sister.....Go Rampage! (my sec fav AHL team) :)
lol..thats about it..and a verbal handshake over the phone.
aw thank you
lol, I know that. Are you free to talk now?
Stopped by the National Archives. Is it ironic that the Constitution was written in disappearing ink?
"When I go out there, it's always to win" Devin Bullock aka King 3
#GoogleDrive -- another reason why I love all things Google 💜💜💜💜 -- I can now access all my files from anywhere!!
"We have to anchor ourselves in the ocean of God's Love"
This project got me running back & forth.
The real Guillermo Moscoso account ----- > will be verified shortly.
Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. -Hank Aaron
Late registration is open until 9pm tonight. You havent quite missed your chance. Good time for free agents to get in on the action!...
I miss u bitch
ha! I went to Wesley, where they teach real manners
There probably from Iowa where that's exceptable
he might get mad if I tell you.
bet u aint got no sour patches
I'm a big fan of the Stax and Motown sound!
had to go into surgery to get my appendix removed. Before it exploded. lol It was intense.
Never really knew how good corn chips actually are..lol now im sittin her stuffing my face lmao
Woke up to ReverbNations charts Paul Borges ReverbNation charts, # 18 in Cleveland Ohio. Wow, whats happening ?
I'm considering deleting my Facebook account. Have any of you?
If you have an iPhone, you need to download the app! Get points and get huge deals on stuff in Indianapolis!
on #ESPN2 at 10am in the States
But it's awkward when someone says no.....lol
Tracy Morgan's jeans are 50% used Lady Gaga costumes, 35% failed MMA t-shirt companies and 15% AXE Body Spray.
Congrats to #Baylor, who wrapped up the 2012 #NCAAB tourney's "most blinding uniforms" award tonight.
You know you high when bread taste good.
His schooling is going to be covered under the VA for most of it so he decided to transfer some of his GI Bill to me. :-)
Tell us your favorite part about Lollapalooza and share your pictures!
there are a bunch of 3rd gen iPod touch rumors, I don't have an actual link but has a great video about it
great to hear yall on the radio. Represent!
Please check out at 10pm to see the special story put together about #ReProm and Wisconsin
well ya, I have. Not a fan of the Simone.
Cool Fact: Hawkman was featured in the Legends of the Superheroes TV Specials in 1979, portrayed by Bill Nuckols.
Office conversations >
not tonight
#Taxes. Done.
No you're just a ginger! Haha
From now on I'm only watching movies with working-girl-meets-bidet gags
Well I'm disappointed... I have to get team Nike cleats for football so I can't get my Under Armor highlights 👎
I am seriously questioning the giant-sized carry on bags on flight from Orlando to islip. Really annoys me.
You bet I do!! I love your icon man :D how you been??
DJ who follows me was late to his show, so I filled in for about an hour extra. Now, I'm home, ready for a beer & a long sleep.
Is this album as fantaasic as I think it is or have I just listened to it on repeat excessively?
Hahaha I can't stop watching the replay of his strike 3 call.
Damn Wandy took a shot...hope he is cool.
gotta keep this in mind!! ": Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions."
I'm the only one in the water at the lake.
Chinese & American SH sound is different. The tongue for Chinese SH is further back in the mouth making it softer. Very pretty. xie xie.
haha ive been following you! & you can txt me go ahead!
it's so true. Golf and I have a love/hate relationship most days.
Ugh! Biting my nails to the bone!
RT : Blimey. 'The Interrupters' was a tough watch. The lack of regard for human life from many of those people is staggering.
": So is Wendy Williams a transsexual or........?"no its jus a nigga
Catching up on the
It's the first day of the Spring Semester at our beautiful Lexington Avenue campus in the heart of NYC. Welcome new and returning Bearcats!
At runway with billy gardell. We got Ryan!
The moment when your bosses don't think you know about #drawsomething lol
Rebel eyelash!
Good ole Biden. You can always count on him..... Gotta love him! Right?
Hope you got some rest and are now reenergized!
'get some chest on your hair'
for the first time in 12 years, I'm not doing anything drum corps related this summer, interesting. What do 'normal' people do!?
Can't stand that the practice of law is devolving to the concept of the lowest common denominator for EVERYTHING!
Go to my music page and give the kid more likes in shooting for 1000!!!
run, yoga, & errands done, now to make a cocktail, get a shower, & get to thinking about an extra yummy supper for #MadMen &
they don't know yet... they found her in the bathtub so it's a possible drowning
Follow Me!
No it is the black and grey model (a nice flat finish). I got it Tuesday night.
You started off as a nobody and you will end up being a nobody because your attitude sucks
I see y some niggas turn to da dope game or the B &E game shit mad hard out here for a nigga tryin to get by.
Do you need a book that can deliver, “it all”? Like a smart science fiction thriller subtly driven by romance.
Vegas you were amazing!!! Goodnight loves you!!!!!
so im coming to cali in march brotha!
#2SmallExBoyfriends warren sap
I sound dumb reread your tweets hoe lol
Much luck to you and my Giants at the Super Bowl Bro!!!
yeah I know too bad Doris thinks we're crazy
you can buy me a shot
did u know Gloria Estefan's new music video emulated several scenes and themes from the RHP Show?
Tried to create an interdisc. unit on bicycling with the US PRO Challenge starting just 5 miles from my school. Skyping w/ pro cyclists=cool
It is very interesting the the ADHD "epidemic" increases on the east coat. We are too fast paced for our own good.
There's still a few hours left for TWOSday this week! come and have Chris puncture you!!
WRAP PARTY!!!! It was a great season.
Nice. Need more #wine lovers! ;-)
Wish I could feel better, I don't know if this pain will ever end.How do you let go of the one person who loved you more than anyone, Mom!!
Anyone know any filmmakers, TV people, creatives who would want to chat? Want to hear some thoughts, opinions.
Celebrating St. Patrick's Day making colcannon pies. Colcannon's great on its own but everything's better in a pie. Am I right?
How can i respond to "dw" , im obviously gonna worry..
Country Music is the best!
I am anxiously awaiting Sideshow Bob's phone call. I never thought I'd be able to say that.
The assignment is so poorly worded too. It's all a hot mess.
Where my #October babies @?
fatty!! fatty!! fatty!! i am teasing myself so i get annoyed and stop eating!!!!! fatty......
You love Biden? That guy is a dim bulb.
We're stoked for December!!
She keep me on the rite track.
we're making Moscow Hot Chocolate and Hot Scotch Cocoa tonight, you all should come by if you're around!
i love u so much and how u sing god bless you! hope u tweet back!
yeah:(.... and i dont think you tell what wrong Kat you know im here for you.
Just the thought of moving into what God has planned next makes me want to pursue Him with even more passion! What about you?
happy birthday <3
um…why?
Part of me really wants to big chop again. This length is so much harder to manage. I'm about to be on that straight life. Or short life.
Im out here in these streets. checkin tweets. The Cavs ain't ready man. It will be a while.
when are you looking to head out this way?
Happy Mother's Day! Where are you taking MOM for #brunch today?
Going to a Mumford & Sons show would be awesome
The time is now! Get your BOGO #PXYSJ tix until 1pm at the Continental School of Beauty on Jefferson Rd in Henrietta! Go go go!
No doubt. Good story.
did not know I had anything in there.
Watching the Manchester Derby, of course! Seem strange? Remember who I'm dating...
Wherever in the world there is sunshine, we want to be there right now. Typical cloudy #SanFrancisco day...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thank you all for spending time with us! RT : with my people
AWESOME work out = Insanity. Check it out!
shouda overloaded my shit these next to semesters
amazing presentation by Aaron Koblin last night! www.aaronkoblin.com
Appreciated your plug for Platypus a few months back. Like your urbanism page, too. I also blog on architecture & urbanism
I am seriously loving the #dayofarch updates. A very useful resource in the future!
Hard to say. Every department works a bit differently. My own (totally naive) idea: if you like someone's work, tell em now!
Somewhere out there, a neurotic chicken wants to cross the road but is paralyzed by the knowledge that everyone will question his motives.
I'm going to be a vampire for Halloween... Who wants to be my victim?
how do i send it to you with spotify?
I love how easy Canon makes their lens and camera repair process.
if I see you semi-often and you NEVER talk to me, why the hell are you gonna add me on facebook?
please follow me please follow me please please please please follow me please please please please plea s
#HERESTOALL The best way to stand out is the stop trying to fit in.
and thank you :-)
JESUS IS MY SWAGG mixtape coming soon! Its hot
Today, outside of a classroom, I actually had occasion to say, "It's not so much remembering or forgetting, it is a recognition of chaos."
Thanks guys! I <3 all of you!
Wow, what a well worded compliment. Im sold!
We got a cool event happening tomorrow night at the MPAA we'd love to tell you about. What's the best way to do that? Tks!
Where is my coffee? I have lots of things to do today to finish the August issue of Hoof Beats.
OF COURSE...!
RT : Today in 1953, Capt. Joseph C. McConnell Jr, shot down his 16th enemy aircraft in the Korean War to become its top ace.
It's very hard for me to evaluate your software update when you don't send it to me.
NBC just reported live from Liberty Square! Mainstream, y'all.
Hey how r u doin oh and good morning
Finding $82 in your wrist wallet, that you haven't opened in like 2 months... Fckn awesome!!!!
Sounds like a plan 👌
Nevada Museums Association meeting today - always great.
Its cold out in Vegas-but it HOT downtown on Fremont East! Get downtown #fflv!
All is well.. thx see you tomorrow.
Im so tired of looking at these papers
Need more women like Ann Romney. She's worked harder than Hilary Rosen has that's for sure.
Hey I'm bored at work and need something to do! Any suggestions?
standing in front of the cheese stand in trader joe's for 20 min w/ after flyin kites ...decidin which cheese is best to eat :)
You're welcome! We are honored to be your charity of choice. Good luck and happy hiking!
'Member when you were a kid and minutes passed like hours in meetings? Oh wait, that's now.
I set my digital clock to military time because it makes me feel like a sailor.
Just saw #Avengers That shit was hot! What you did was phenomenal you saved the earth Your true hero!I want ur acura!
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone. Intention without action is useless. Caroline Myss
It's officially dog day let's get this day started off right with some dtbh can't wait!!!!!
TAO, Lavo, Marquee, Haze,The Bank, Contact BCI for VIP tables!! ....
Guest Article from Sarah Walker: The Viability of a Property Investment Franchise Business
haha I think I just admitted to being a alcoholic. :/
why wasn't i born with green eyes like my mom
"String Cheese Incident Takes on Ticketmaster" is apparently about a band, not a really epic performing arts piece.
I'm sorry your feeling sad :(
Nader Qaimari from Cengage: ebooks aren't cutting it, digital content solutions are too disparate
Thanks, I'll check it out.
Going on every single device and going on different twitter accounts to get Austin Mahone to the UK!<3
it isn't always enough to be forgiven by others, sometimes you are to learn to forgive yourself!
I will do magic. It's my favorite.
#moo it up
Lol I'm sorry but directioners copy beliebers' tweets n stuff but they say it about 1D. Like what no. Stop. Ur not foolin anyone
Do you see your life as a grand adventure?
Spurs, better team and franchise.
keep it going...
what's a girl got to do to get a date with you? (besides steal your sweet-tweet name...)
I laugh cause you'd think my dad would learn by now of he waited till I said come in I wouldn't have to lock my door.
Theres so much drama in this fan base. Guess that what you get with millions of teen girls. Lol
hahaha you'll be getting all the babes in that ! 👍
At the desk thinking about how good my life is right now
doesn't matter what he sings, is anointed!
Mario Cristobal is entering Year 6 at Florida International. In the last two years he has posted an impressive 15 wins and 2 bowl bids.
S.I.N.G.L.E = Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loving , Enlightened.
It's only 8 words gtfo it seriously we still love you
Finished The Avengers! So much greatness in 2 hours!!! Loved it. Go see it!
que cosa :s...suerte a las dos!!! Y que acaben pronto!!!
I am sure they appreciate it, it has probably been a long day for the demonstrators!
Give credit where credit is due "Hofeddy"
Remember to back it up like a Tonka truck, DALE!!!
Cubs vs Sox Go Cubs Go hey Chicago what da ya say the Cubs r gonna win today!
#SXSWi is right around the corner. Hoping everyone takes part in finding the "iTriage man" in Austin for a chance to win!
Maegoo needs a Twitter, we have to make her make one Friday.
AM Spartan death workout done.. on to the next thing..
Wow. Brain Kelly gone = losing 3-30. Cincinnati you had a great year but you miss your coach.
#UsGuys welcome! : #RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to! I enjoy the daily! cc
your voice is a gift from God BEST rendition of Man's World since James Brown. You will have HUGE career! God bless you always
i wish you would come back and wrestle part time. But i know you gotta do what u have too. But always
Congratulations Morgan!
Literally never been so bored in my life..
you may have to wait till. 4:45. Bless all restaurants great food. Cioppino rocks. 15 years no change.
GoGurt always makes me think of
Maybe we could get Heath Bell to be our starting tackle to replace Phil Taylor
I really want to go to the cinema with 😜 is that wired?? ❤
Sounds like a job for the Redact-O-Scope, trained pattern recognition goggles we force researchers to wear (for paper records)
you said i could keep it
heavy pollen..... heavy rain...... but intermediate calmness of a brisk day....
Not fight. Just less grab-ass RT : Wow, the fans want us to fight. I won't do it
<<<--- Also picked for favorite.
I've asked the staff at the city to remove it. Will post if I get an update
Thinking of all our East Coast folks who are in the path of the storm.Y'all take whatever precautionary measures necessary to stay safe!
I feel you
enjoying your music! keep praisin! keep an eye out for my new christian hip hope album dropping in january : )
better now that I quit one of my jobs. now I just need to find another one to replace it. I can't let my heel budget go lol
Sorry to include you on the tweet -- just saw that you retweeted it. if anything, thanks for the head's up.
3500 words of content queued up in for a new project. MediaPiston rocks, can't go wrong w/ them for scalable, quality content.
If you have family/friends at Ft. Hood, ABC5 News wants to talk with you: 515-457-1026, ask for Christina
your mom makes me laugh.
Price your intro offer so that your new client will be able to afford the regular price when it's over.
You wanna know who is perfect? read the first word again. 
awesome! National holiday?
Library GRIND bold is Cafe Voltaire
YOU BETTER DO IT :) Or you can text ODOM to 69622. Thanks for the support dolls! Love you all madly!
100% jealous right now.
I want to vote against amendment one on a greenway.
When you're irritated for no reason
amazing now what do you think we're going to do with all those batteries?
Sure. What's up?
Absolutely loving the activism is showing down south!We're making this change happen young people!
#fridayreads. Loving "Olive Kitteridge" by Elizabeth Stout.
The heck with flex spending accounts for medical expenses. I want a flex commuter accnt to maintain my bike.
at least we aren't the only ones that think that about FRA. In the boy's locker room it says FRA sucks by the mirror
Huge headache still!!!  on the brightside I managed to buy myself a new bathing suit!! 
My two favorites right now are the two Texans, Ron Paul & Rick Perry. I will wait it out a little longer to make a final decision.
“: 2 chainz n the bay tonight??” True
the trail for the kidnapper of ADNAN SAKLI starts Monday do you have a Italy correspondent?
which ones are you watching back to back?
Watching make Gertrude Stein fortune cookies. Yes, these are "Tender Cookies."
OKC is going ham.
Oh man. Clark on in the 72nd minute for his first minutes at BBVA. Someone say something funny...
Song 7: You're Incredible - holding my world in the palm of your hands... Great God, You're Incredible!
Winston Churchill.
Aw loving today :)
RT : Filmmaker Jess Stevenson is making a short film on #COLLECT2012 artist Louise Gardiner. On the website soon...
im not buying it this year, its a joke to waste 60 dollars on roster updates.
the ubiquitous "hipster..." I don't know why I am surprised I just heard this term used on NPR.
thats the only reason I got up lol :-)
I wish I can go to a concert of your but they are always so far will you ever do one here in Miami?!:)
Let's go Philly! Bring home the W!
chatting it up with and ;) great company at
August 11 in west palm beach there are a bunch of country concerts this summer
Loving the new Gil Scott Heron record
It astounds me how things happen all at once sometimes.
oh my god! It's so amazing😍 we're definitely watching it this summer!
RT : RT we got some google wave invites... you need one? RT this !!
LOL re authentic restaurant.
#AskSarah can ypu follow me please? Your really inspiring and amazing, it would mean alot <3
haha yeah i am(:
yeah, I'm thinking about going. It should be fun!! :)
Mayor says they're being responsive to our concerns... Don't deny our challenges, but they aren't the only story
Oh my Goodness .its Saturday
What's on your mind?
Watching sweet home alabama 😊 this movie will never get old to me #favorite 💙
For Office and Home Delivery: Call 415-864-PORK Today's Special is The Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich
we are in keep me posted its all about Cleveland
anytime! Have a good one
My new fav song: Teenage dream cover by Boyce Avenue
¡¡¡CINCO DE MAYO!!! The Paul Gaspar Latin Jazz Quintet on the Recording Stage @ 7:00!! Fajitas and Fish tacos in the dining room!! MUY BUENO
....I bet I did it too soon
I like that one because of the images of families frolicking in the sun to an upbeat tune about drug abuse.
it's called sticking up for myself. idgaf about you or what you do. Keep my name out your mouth and I'll do the same.
“In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.” – Samuel Johnson
RT : MT : Health ins giant Coventry is using yr premiums 2 buy politicians, so healthcare system stays broken.
probably every day I spend with my nephew & the day my mom and step-dad married!
Yesterday was something else. Didn't see mb ,but saw Obama. 😏
#totalblackout is awesome!
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script
" Hi I am Rafael and this is my llama" hahaha I think it can fly southwest!!
I love my new car. I think I may sleep in it tonight. Yes, I'm a loser.
being sick sucks, loving the President is awesome, listening to the GOP destroy themselves among clear thinking men & women is priceless!
... notes from The EDJE: Mazda Road to Indy Holds Second Annual ...
Our Advanced English Class has been discontinued. If you're looking for English classes, many of our fellow branches have them available.
This boy was playn in my hair while I was tryn to talk to someone as I walked he walked with me lol
U are always taught u don't have to prove anything to anybody! But it feels Good to be Loved and Hated for what u have PROVED! (Success)!
Thanks for RTing our Butterfly Effect grub down. Tonight will be a confluence of food trucks, artists & fractals :)
Not really we just help promote our friends and they help promote us 😊 RT : do you guys offer sponsors?
I hope God turns his back on you for turning your back on your own fucking people.
The stats are quite troubling I agree, we indeed can do better and we should support " Our Women" while appreciating them!
Nice to finally meet you! Thanks for stopping by the booth. We'll be in touch soon!
lets me guess.. your a fan?
anybody there?
"I'm hard. Oh wait I meant my muscles. On my body!"
Sunrise shoot!
Romney has invented a new game: Hungry Hungry Rinos!
Omg I have this huge knot in my back owww D:
Pretty much.
What are you doing for Open Gov Hack Day on the 3rd? I'm hosting an event here in Seattle, and I'm looking for co-conspirators
lol just forget the story
I know. If he's a 'decent 4th OF option', I'd love seeing the other 3 OFers in front of him on the same team!!!
Oh my gosh, U must be just famous as all get out, having only put out 344 TWEETS AND HAVE 74,811 FOLLOWERS, HOW DO U DO IT?
Sid in your mouth
