sad day. No more crawfish.
Just tapped bucking bock
Did you know that our service is free of charge for copyright owners and can be terminated at any time and without notice of any period?!
Creating spaces for myself.
My man, ! Of course I'm still doing Polo T Fridays. I'm surprised it hasn't caught on more, stay tuned for the twitpic tmrw, ha!
I'm chillin bro can complain been working hard I c u grinding over there how's everything on ur side
For the 8th year Charity Navigator has given a 4-star rating. Only 1% of charities have received >=8 consecutive 4-star ratings!
Thanks! Thanks! #Vegan is the way to be!!!
Happy birthday to the love of my life Jennifer Aniston
...personally I want to see "Daft Punk Holograms" and the hot new band "Lots of White People" (see last tweet).
#Boycott Mattress Discounters for supporting the hate, racism & sexism of #RushLimbaugh. Thank you.
And please don't tell me that I'm dreaming When all I ever wanted was to dream another sunset with you
the journey of a thousand miles began with one step
What message would you send to a student thinking of dropping out? Tell us w/ #IAspireTo. Any soulful advice, ? :)
I scored 71.
I just lost like 5 followers....... :c
CPD just released name of man killed at east Columbus intersection: Aaron Baldwin, 20
not that kind of makeover! although it does sound fun.. I was thinking more of a brows and bangs make over. you can do that!
I want more friends on G+ who's on there?
Congrats on being #AdAge's #Media Agency of the Year!
My fave holiday tradition is eating all of my mom's homemade Polish food!
That's not even that bad! xD
This is Jeopardy!
Watching Anthony Bourdaine stumble down the streets of Lisbon drunk is so ..... so!
#WhatILove is when people stop doing fucking crimes and I can drink all day....
Aha! Designing a postcard for our July art exhibition about SOMA & wanted to capture a similar shot. Thanks for the loc! - Jess
A bit surprised by the outpouring of #SteveJobs love pretty much dominating my entire twitter feed.
#HappyMothersDay "...a woman who respects the Lord should be praised.Give her the reward she has earned" Pr31:30b-31
Tells her I have a HRC sticker for my car. : you're so gay. Me: yeah, I know.
Try to eat healthy 80-85% of the time. A couple options: Make 5 out of 6 meals a day healthy (83%) or eat well 6 out of 7 days a week (85%)
Hungry Howie's Pizza for diner!
Gah! Line is out the door! I guess I'll have to wait like everyone else.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, go check it out!
Please stop talking shit about me.
pencils are the only way I can have good ideas about assignments
I am not college bound yet I am in college
Baltazar broke his iphone after trying to fix it himself! dubmass ha! Do you have a home fix it disaster story to share? 766-1005
Isn't the Kony day this Friday? I think everyone forgot lol.
It damages both clients and the profession to "certify" a coach after 5 90 minute online sessions with nothing more.
Strasburg & Bryce Harper might be the most exciting young pitcher/hitter teammates since Dwight Gooden & Darryl Strawberry
haha! U r so odd... Just sayin!
out with aminata :).
NEW SPONSOR. Thanks to - one of Baltimore newest and nicest bars/restaurants. Friend them.
HSI seizes nearly $900,000 in counterfeit merchandise at El Paso flea market.
I'd rather play with myself then cheat Real Shit
Oh...my. Wow. Congrats!?
I always say theyre like running backs RT : Is it just me or is the pf position the easiest one to fill in the nba?
Also, this #craftermovietitle - Crochets on a Train. Wonder if they could get Samuel L Jackson for that.
Got up early this tomorrow to walk precincts with Scott Peters #CA52. Follow to show yr support
i am REALLY close to unfollowing him. He's really awful
Can someone put the Class of 2012 Memories DVD on Youtube?? Because I still can't open it.
Listening to my true love sing his baby girl to sleep.
March will be here before you know it! Sign up for Broker or Salesperson Classes at www.TuckerSchool.com and tell a friend!
A lot of shit talk from the Sioux fans. 2 questions: 1) what channel is your team on tonight? 2) Did you find your logo yet?
Whew, really was missing you guys when the brackets came out. :) Different protocol, preparing for same trash talk here. : )
tell them to return my 30% off bath and body works coupon! Please.
When they say "herb & cheese pizza," all I hear is "urban cheese pizza." I could really go for some urban cheese right now.
homework? Or finding random cool stuff on the web....
Sorry to be confusing—I didn't explain myself well. 140 chars does that.
iamsick helps you and your intimate social network track your illnesses together | Boston Big-Data Code-a-thon
Wishing all the wonderful Mothers a very Happy and Beautiful Mothers Day this Sunday.
how many views did it get? That's what I want to know
thanks :D
I LOVE THAT STORE TOO. <3.
nice to meet you! watch on comcast OD > Your Colorado > VidBlogger Nation > Tada!
Thanks, Sue ... but I will be at the Empty Bottle for the HoZac Blackout Fest that night.
I have got to have the best boyfriend imaginable. Getting me Dunkin because I feel awful 👍
Okay so if your gonna say your in a bad mood and crying but you won't tell me why?? Then dont even freaking tell me. Sweet Baby Jesus.
#ondemand check out the qr program at booth 2901
The famous lady in room 6 at the Louvre blew me away.
i need advice me and my friend josh are full on beliebers but our friends arnt and hate when we listen to ur music wat do i do
Im looking for a small business owner who would like somebody to advertise their website FOR FREE online,hit me up
kinda hard when it can be heard through the entire house
Wow great golf rooting for Michelson is toug, he just gives away to many shots, i lilke Johnson but Darren Clarke is hard to root againest
something is broken at that link. : ( Don't shoot the messenger...
Patio opening soon!
If you live in North Carolina...you're probably offended at this scene on #TheVoice right now...
if you had to leave one direction to save Harry's life would you?
Happy Birthday Robert Speidel....we miss you!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
omg mom is officially single. we'll see how long this lasts
Are you Masters or PHd bound? In what field?
Same with my work... 😒
Let's go !
I dreamed last night that I hung out w/ ..She showed me her record collection and asked me to play Hammered dulcimer in her band
I really wish I was at the Houston Art Car Parade today, especially with and up to shenanigans with
sure does...right now years after he has passed on..lol
so he throws it wherever he is and I am forced to ethier trip over it or throw it and which you think I'm gonna do ?
RT if you love with all of your heart 💜
You should!!!!!
that sounds awful
The upside of being nearly a month behind on TV is that certain networks' 8-day online embargos are irrelevant.
U join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
That flexibility/searchability is what is most appealing to me, too. Thanks, man.
LoL there go At the Same Damn Time lol
Crazy... It's what's for dinner, apparently.
RT : A man's character is his fate ~ Heraclitus
soon I hope! I'm in Baltimore this Friday but I'm around all the other Fridays in April
Cuban says NBA owners should profit from Olympics, too
I hadn't really thought about it. But now that you mention it, I may have to pull it together. So many laughs.
Just helping out working folks. Somebody has to. RT : injustice today, Scabby?
Just had the worst shot of my life. Holy crap.
Thanks for the RT Joel!
Until Ace Ventura, no actor had considered talking through his ass. -- Jim Carrey
- council vote finally came through - we got our park $!
"Poppy Field need to go somewhere!" #fromthetrack #SantaAnita with
The factor 2 analysis is also very good.
Lunch break chillin. Definitely gonna need to workout tonight after this espresso shake I'm about to devour
If you are at the game I'm going to be really jealous! Go #Terps!
Why wasn't that a goal?
IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
I'm starting to realize I may have different taste in commercials than everyone else.
if you guys love music can you all follow ! she follows back if you ask (:
is awesome!
wrong twitter info
I WOULD.
good! And stop being so hard on yourself, trust me it doesnt end on a good note.
bounce is a good word!!
GUESS who I just emailed!?! I'm desperate
HOW EXCITING REACHING OVER 1,000 LIKES! THANK YOU!!!!
Lolol (: my friends saying
Wow my timeline is actually good for once WOW THANK YOU GUYS
that's hilarious. And sad if it's true. EEEEOWWWW!
Ah lame!!
you should tell people a description of the link not just the link. You erik getty more clicks
. is reporting on road closures to the north near Oshkosh. He'll be following traffic live from News Chopper 12
Not sure I'm ready to walk into a bar filled with BU & Sioux fans. Maybe find some Notre Dame fans, too?
your austream was awesome as always :)
I would think they both would, especially LaRoque but haven't seen anything definitive
I would think a better law for Walsh would be one enforcing child support payments. Behind? No Congress for you
It costs so much to be a full human being, that there are very few who have the enlightenment or the courage to pay the price
I lost your number!
Tore through the Game of Thrones Blu-ray and got Julie into Battlestar Galactica. This is what I did this week.
did I make that word up? :-/
heyy follow me
I was unmasked by my arch nemesis, Radian, and everyone took photos... Now I'm unemployed! #soembarrassing!!
I dont know if he would:/ and NO YOUR BEAUTIFUL I DONT CARE WHAT YOU SAY YOUR PERFECT<3
None* not non for my last tweet
So so true! RT Oh, Microsoft Word. I've met someone else. No, please don't cry. It's just that Google Docs is easier.
Thank you for the DM and info.
Thank you so much! We're glad you enjoyed! Come back soon!! RT : everything was amazing!
fasho cus I need management! DM me the email
Smith expressed great admiration for the Celtics team defense with Garnett as its leader, pronouncing, "He's got a lot left in the tank."
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you. -Anonymous
It's my pleasure.
exactly, that kid sucks on defense
SHIT!! Bill Clinton is coming to EP, & I have endorsed the gringo pretending he's 1/2 Mexican by calling his self BAYTOE! Clinton is pissed
We just added an addition to our family!!!
Walaoeh my sister left me just like that *snaps finger*.
Circus anyone? RT if you'll be heading to tonight, 7p to catch some Ringling Bros. action!
Making new connections!
TYLER THE CREATOR LOOK DUMB AS FUCK ON PUNK'D
Love raw so far
How about a lazy Sunday and we do the cooking?
I'm glad I'm not the only one that wonders that....
that's me lol I forgot about that pic
Enjoying our time at the event in Rochester, excellent turnout
It's hilarious how everyone here in the northeast is whining about the heat.. Try Houston for a summer!
OH no! That's a brand new #computer!!
SMART, SEXY & TALENTED? Do you love to dance & entertain a crowd???? If so NOW'S your chance to REGISTER to become a NJSKY Dancer!! <3
i'm a man without conviction, who doesn't know. we come and go
Kobe got this!!! Lakers to next round!
soo.. what do you think about the singing contest thing?;D<3
I know, I hate getting teeth pulled.
Why is Liz still on "The View"? You let go of the Brilliant Star and Rosie...Why isn't liz gone after the Bill M. stunt?.
Yeah! Taco Tuesdays! :D
Great rum, oysters, and now a torano exodus 1959. Good night so far.
Ew, don't even! -shakes head-
On a secret mission for my station all this week -- out of the state until Saturday. Someday you'll find out why....
A fire alarm at 5 in the am and then an hour later the power goes out so my room felt like it was actually on fire
Watching checking in on Caps
Haven't Hurd from him all day tho -___- blah
Were you watching that show? I could *not* stop laughing.
When striving to make your dreams a reality...don't hate on yourself!
I am in! will talk to the gf soon. cash is tight, but scratching away at the debt and getting really close.
I'm on iPhone lol
Of course I believe in AMERICA. I DON'T believe in MITT ROMNEY. Why? He Is the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE__ROMNEY VILLE. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
Well Thanks you for the support. :) ": u are so very talnted love ur work :)"
you cought my eye is that a good/bad thing o.O?
Rick Carlisle is a bad ass.
Almost the weekend...
wait wait, so I get the toy story bed!?
RT : Found 2 dollars on the ground! SCORE! Reminded me of 's lecture on looking for opportunity!
God will never CLOSE a door w/o leaving a window cracked OPEN for you. Learn from mistakes. Where there's a WILL there's a WAY!!!
How do the #fringe guys keep pulling Leonard Nimoy out of retirement?
RT Pitbull tops the music charts and Nike resigns Michael Vick. If your mom names you Pitbull as a child....
"A man or woman unable to walk ten miles at a stretch will be regarded as a weakling." 100 year old prediction--yeah... right...
hahah! Nope just a new exhibit at the museum
what have you cooked up?
New York is awesome. Fashion week this week but you probably knew that.
RT Registration is open for The Brookhaven Bolt! Presented by The Goddard School Buckhead!
The Cavalier Daily: Cut and Paste Jobs
Its cold and I don't like it. 😁
CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!
We found strep in a throat less place
That's What I Do! Or I Procrastinate.
<3 !!! So fun tonight! RT: " Just watched an amazing show! Congrats CCM grads!! You were fabulous!!"
b nice if it was more specific 2 projects, units, powerpts, availability, etc.
All these okc fans fail to notice its only game 2 ya think lakers cant fuck yall head up?
i hate being in such a horrible mood
Not sure if it was one of the best games I have seen in a while, but it was one of the toughest played. Now lets go dancing!!
Drinking pbr from a mason jar listening to an indie band. I feel like such a hipster
You should try out ! Then you can talk to new people whenever too :)
Today I'm going to spotify songs I heard on the contemporary adult radio station like I just don't care.
Live life and love it because one day youll live your afterlife
Big catch for a #Sooners touchdown by San Diegan Kenny Stills. #Boomer!
stop it ;(
I am watching a friend self-distruct with drugs. Not a pretty picture.
lol I'm pretty your right thank you
Thor is quite awesome... but Full Bot or not, my heart lies with Stark.. lol.
Hey - Word should pull up homophones in spellcheck just so you can be sure your "their" shouldn't be a "there".
Where did you send it?
I completely disagree with that. They have much more than that.
Yeah! Two lushes on a Saturday night w/ ol Mr. Walker
I always get bored of Twitter in the middle of winter. I don't know why.
Raphael, chilled and stiffened
You and Brandi Carlile together are brilliant. I think you should add to that mix and record a trio album!
That's because I got home, had piano lessons, did some of my homework, and then had a 4 hour dance rehearsal. Just got home.
wanting to do a duet with u and tryin to get u on ellen of thts ok and will u follow me so i can dm u something plz and thx
only grand forks' olive garden is worth that kind of wait
iPhone update is taking FOREVER and I need to use my phone... GRR
If love was so easy to find it wouldn't be worth finding nowadays it seem like everybody finding love in the wrong places
MONA YOU LITTLE ASGDJDMSN
As our studios are limited in the number of guests that we can reasonably accommodate, we ask that you please RSVP as soon as possible.
also I don't want to go to the sports banquet anymore oho ho
It is an absolutely wonderful day!!!!!
haha well you're always welcome to stop by anytime
S/O #wonder club Happy Birthday bruh
You created a rain delay to have more cocktails at #cardsopeningday, didn't you!
Classy Not Trashy haha I Like That
Linking our Twitter & Facebook accounts
Don't forget to stop by and receive FREE SHIPPING on your purchase tonight. ENDS AT MIDNIGHT.
My faith to believe is base on the word I received
come to the mall with me !
Thanks, #Pep, for four great years.
Looking forward to it! Sudden surge in interest for tonight's Grayling event
We now offer threading!
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
Let's go Goldy!
Lets go bills
get in late 2nite (layover in phila) and am doing libraries build communities tmrw til 5. will call you then!
Busted my tailbone..... This shit hurts
"all flowers in time bend towards the sun, I know you say there is no one for you, but here is one."
is terrible. This is nuts. 5 homers. I'll take a Sox loss for a Bruins W however
Thanks to for raising funds for us for #AIDSWalk12! Today they gave us a check for $71,510.00
Great to meet you, Terry! Hope your Friday is fabulous!
I think you could do white denim jeans instead:) RT : What do we think? Is it a faux pas to wear denim shoes with jeans?
Be cynical be crazy be whatever you want BUT don't interrupt the next person. That's the secret.
Yes I have officially claimed the title of Chuck's #1 fan by buying a white Yaris 2 door, aka the Nerd Herder from season 1.
Eli manning is hilarious on snl
Be it a sign, a co-incidence, #serendipity, #synchronicity…I can't explain. But it took me here. On the path to myself.
Thanks for wearing a #RachelleBritonDesign for your speech tonight!! Photos coming soon!
Shout out to my mom's vagina for those 9 months of free room & board!
It's a good day for Hue. Don't ya think?
Saving money for a new car
While Pearl Jam had personal angst and Creed had religious angst, Days of the New had social "I hate my town" angst. Kinda punk in a way.
hopefully we can work together sometime.....
I have thought of fostering cattle dogs, but I KNOW I'd end up adopting them so I'm better off not starting down that road at all
answer your text
send Congress out of town on a long trip ... best answer!
Is there a more precious gift than the love of cat?
And that's a wrap on
cant wait for #raw :D
Very happy to see Toby Kebbell's star on the rise. He's had my attention since "Dead Man's Shoes."
haha what happened?
take your time. Writers block is the worst. I write a lot for work & when I am blocked it kills me! We'll be here when you r back :)
Documents signed... Mom has a home again (starting Monday)
google it
*attention* everyone follow
RT Legal Clips: Advocacy group asks U.S. Supreme Court to review suspension of Virginia student for spitwad incident
Lectora hasn't upgraded in years! Zebra is an unconventional UI.
ah! My neighborhood! Hello, you!
Is the Ravens playoff game messing with anything you have scheduled?
let's do this guys!!!
Coding an app to perform basic market intelligence for a top electronics brand
I really DO NOT wanna go back to school on onday!!:(
lol I can do it but I'm type old fashioned. I wanna with one person. Not just anyone lol.
You would know better than almost anybody!
Hooray NJ Devils!! Peace out Philly! #1975 #NHLPlayoffs #NHL :)
Sleepy... So sleepy... Oh yeah and starving. At least I have a PS3 and cable to keep me from fallin asleep. Keeping me from food? Harder -.-
syncing to kindle now.
hey thanks for the follow!
literally! it was so awesome! em does a great sarah.
The 2012 baseball season kicks off next week! What is your favorite baseball memory?
5 men who broke with Occupy Cleveland movement were charged with plotting to bomb an Ohio bridge. We discuss w/
I'm not tired!
I'm holding two extra passes to Social Distortion. DM me if you want in
Q6: What European-inspired delicacy would you include in a holiday feast?
How soon 'til you announce the winners of the Prom contest?
Can you invite a heart attack? Try a Fat Cheesehead at Fat Sandwich. Cardiologist optional.
“: Broxton got $4M from royals. Plan is for him to set up. Physical tomorrow.” #Royals Crow to the rotation?
Sad. And I was coming over later :(
Lets go Lakers... that's what I'd say if i was a Laker fan haha
because i saw you sellin tickets earlier
As opposed to them saying they are worried they are going to lose?
getting ready to laugh
Marty Robins is good stuff! Proud of ya, girl!
It's killing me, lol
THEY DID NOT EVEN SHOW LOUIS!!!!!!! Wtf is this ?? They did a close up of everyone except him. But he did rock his suspenders;D
Does Pence keep you company in the steeple?
thank u mama
Join us Wednesday night July 6th from 10p-12mid for jazz standards at Jovita's on S. 1st. No cover. See you there.
Bring the kids in for some new exciting books! And at 4:15, they can meet author Roni Schotter and hear her new book!
you gonna be riding in ur dream car when we move to LA cause I'm switching the silver surfer for Bee b4 we move!
And thank you for being followable :)
If we're going to do this can you do me a favor and make it more sooner than later
I was surprised with Mark Ruffalo's performance...he did awesome as Hulk!
yep, turned it off myself when it was a 24 point game with 8 or 9 mins left
Another ex of laziness compared 2 other generations....our music can shuffle 4ever. B4, U had 2 get up & flip/switch it.
Have been off here for awhile. Need to know if these peeps tweet: Usher, R Seacrest, CeeLo G, Ravin Symone, Elton John, Jermaine Dupree.
RT : Judas kissed Jesus. You better watch 'em. Have a great weekend folks.(!!!)
Really looking forward to the slides from the #mw2012 Tate metrics presentation! I don't know who to tweet, but let us know when they're up!
Twitter is great in awkward ass situations.
Good morning!!
Curious on Designers thoughts on the user experience of Facebook's re-design?
#Health #Tip: Yikes! Just 30 minutes of secondhand smoke a week can up your risk of stroke by 56%!
Very long talking and than justin bieber with boyfriend song...... So beaitufull and amazing babe
let that dude know that the pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now..
You had to be there!
#WeCantDate If you think everythinhgs annoying like
Lol can you not be fucking annoying
"Since that day, when people have spoken to me of "genius", I have felt the inside pocket to make sure my wallet's still there."_T Williams
Long time no see Las Vegas! Excited to be back at
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "J-BLADE - THA LIL RICH LP" coming Feb. 17 via promo!
Merry Christmas every one
#EliManning is a pretty funny guy
were in the hell are you? Orch isn't the same :/
BELOW THE BRIM is working on the background and details for its animation/ cartoon.
My lamp is on right now. My aunt tried turning on the tv, and it didn't work, and she asked if the power was out lol
i give most human beings the benefit of the doubt at first. if they pass muster, we can be friends.
Be sure to read Parable of the Talents, too! Sure sad she didn't get to finish the trilogy.
man in here chillen we killed the recording i say ayyyee Tedddyyyyy!!!
I Know D:
lol aww don't be modest, ya both come up with some knee-slappers, least I enjoy 'em ;)...thx, I think it's fair
I swear for my parents!
had to follow a fellow Ironman! looking forward to the info
hehe<3 I wanna be gorgeous like you!
Yay ! You deserve this!
Twitter now feeds to my website. I think.
Back at the desk after three days of conference and one day of clearing desk and inbox. Time to write and read and write.
It's 3AM and we're at the park making mischief! >:D
Thank you :)
15 more tweets
Happy Birthday! Another great year ahead!
#goodthingsinthisworld ponies and barrel racing (:
I have a mash-up of "Blame it on the Bossanova" and Camelot's "If Ever I Would Leave You" on repeat in my head.
LOL! #techcomm & #stcorg are rather huggy! “: It's to balance out the hugginess the rest of the time.”
Who's up for a Ah! My Goddess marathon? I am the living embodiment of Keiichi Morisato.
You are seriously the best! We <3 it!
Fight the cold with some $5 truffle Mac-n-cheese and great deals on drinks from 4-7.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
Who all went to Pridefest this weekend? The Tool Shed had SlutWalk Milwaukee flyers and were handing them out like crazy! Did you see any?
thx! your head is swimming? in media, of course!
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Anonymous
had better keep winning...she deserves it!
The only problem with loving a dog is that they live for only a short time.
Watching Krapp's Last Tape while listening to Peanut Butter Wolf yep good times
Sat 10am: Little Buddies film series-top documentary from Tribeca Film Festival, "Racing Dreams." Recommend ages 8+ & doc fans-Tix $5
you go girl
Let's go Wolf! Lead the Brewers to a victory today - we're due! On a one game losing streak...
Crowdfunding Pioneers Launch Professional Association in Concert with ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Much Love dudes :)
Recycle, reduce, reuse...its on the loose
if y'all gonna have boyfriends then ima find me a girlfriend...
RT : Selling unused logo ideas/concepts — Go for it. Clients toss away jewels for garbage constantly.
s/o to sparc mac lol nice 106 bro
Lisa Salters is a Total Vision of Loveliness! Pure class & Beauty Personified!!! #crushing lol☺
Chatard is going 1:1 iP@*. They'd probably be very interested.
I think maybe so.
because when I start getting close to 900 or 1000,people start unfollowing me and it feels terrible
Keeping an eye on the latest on Bobby Petrino. CNN affils to cover a pro-Petrino rally scheduled at 8pET at the Broyles Center.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that once it is competently programmed and working smoothly it is completely honest. Isaac Asimov
I want a teacher like MR FEENY.
Thanks for your RTs, good souls!
jus came from Great Skate
Is hoping jthegerberbaby is having a wonderful day!! Such a thoughtful stepson!
the #Packers have the best "Offense" I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!! Fuck all #Packers haters yall lose and we win!!
Let the raining begin!
NFL cancels HOF game.
The big performance enhancing drug debacle is around deer antler velvet aka what the antlers shed. I want to know who figured this one out!
Once it does the choke its a wrap lol
Want to learn how to lose weight with idiomatically://fatloss4idiots.com/?hop=tonyclark
haha you'll find your guy some day<333 he just might not be me.
"i'm okay" a girls biggest lie
Bar Owner just asked for a New Neon (pointing 2 mine) After asking what was wrong with the one he already has, his response blew my mind.
ice tea, soda? cus i saw it in his mouth & still evn it hittin ring post broke quickly & glass lookd thin special made prop?
that's talent ... i want pics of mascara RT Watching a gal do a complete makeup application..on bus...no mirror.
ragstock has a huge selection
You're welcome!
24 hrs to the USA cool
The 5,000th replay of MTV Video Music Awards is underway....
We just shared the song. We wish Bryan and his family all the best!
Nerlens Noel may not even qualify.....don't sweat it
First time eating Longon since moving to Oahu. Yum Yum :]
has anyone out there used mvelopes?
Heading out the door and plowed like a corn field....should be an interesting night
You may be able to see the top of my desk soon. Alert the media.
When you see an actor on tv and you try to remember where else you've seen them.
because no one is perfect, youll find something wrong with anyone you meet. . . give it time
Panda express for breakfast. (;
Okay, if your too over weight to walk, then what the hell are you doing at an amusement park?
Let's go Hoyas!! Team Porter
Hey...not sure if u watched the Mayweather/Cotto fight, but was he in the ring w/ Mayweather? It sure looked like him
thank you!
can i be your toiletgirl? Idek what that means, but sign me up! (;
my heart goes out to her family
Late night of and I watching Twilight Zone reruns!
St. Louis was just ranked as the best city for cheapskates. No wonder the #STLCardinals are such
Thanks for the mention!
Vinny Curry & Tommy Streeter i like here both picks
Chargers Left Tackle Marcus McNeil out for todays game - odds Julius Peppers kills Phillip Rivers today?
well that'll work ...as long as you've got something....beneath it
Wow... My day is wrecked...
meeting a friend for lunch and then will connect with u!
you're an animal
Free big macs until 8pm today all the fat hoes bout to be der ahah .
huh?? I mean like maybe if a girl wasnt horny a guy would get mad and think it's a big thing
i just need 42 more followers! :D HELP ME?!?!???
it's okay. Has not creeped into my top ten
Just came home from Jon's concert. Best performer of the night was a December-born boy that looks like a 11yr old Harry Potter. Stunning!
but I think people are always the same they just put up fronts for those that they wish to bros them differently
It is! I've been so sick, mijita.
Lets get married
TSA agents shouldn't try to be comedians.
Alright alright alright... You gonna learn today!!
you are brave!!
' webinar on March 28 w on mobile math and April 12 w on digital storytelling and iPads
Man it's nice outside but my bed won't let me go
I jus want cut my legs n throw them olver my shoulders lol
Now that you say it, your team is named after him. Apologies for forgetting that & for being too lazy to look at the matchup.
Dis boy and his smexy dance moves :$
Lol where are you? Maybe zane can take me but idk
Catching up on last night's tv.
Shane!!!! I love you! :D <333 sending you much love.
OMG, SAME!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it EVERY TIME.
A cow or a bull?
the bartender just had to google where William Faulkner was from and WE ARE IN MISSISSIPPI.
That they looking and talking and giving opinions means they fantasizing bout what they can't have. Don't worry bout nothin.
It's hard not to have a ton of mixed feelings about the passing of
Sun safety and personal safety what a great combinations.
thanks for spreading the word dear! Only 86 followers away from 1k!
Pinterest must be pissed that someone is making a grand a day off their site when they're making nothing.
620 million visitors visit Google.com daily.
Back to the business
as far as i'm concerned, you're just another picture to burn.
98 bodegas roda II filled with mushrooms is great with mushroom risotto.
nah. They're all still asleep lol. I don't remember what happened last night at all.
WWF Dick Clark
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
I meant to LA
I'm in a VERY good mood today!
Who's excited to watch #DarkShadows Yay!!
shut yo sweet ass up
Everybody has 1 family member that's funny A'F . My mamamaaaaaaaa duhh (:
Vegan nugget thursday with !
#truestory my man.
to many creepy dudes checked me out at the mall today...well two were kinda hott ;) and kept smiling at me 0.0 haha
RT : Pretending to be happy when you're in pain is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
what is it called?
I was told a player can get older, but the jumpshot stays with you. Maybe you can get Kobe to show you that fadeaway jumpshot?
So who would of thought John Travolta was a nancy?
Huge crowd at Rock Center ice already. performance coming up soon.
my thoughts and prayers are with friends and family. It is so sad :(
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-41
it was incredible.
I have no idea! Lol I resigned from KISS in March hon! I live in Ohio now :-)
Staying at the Sheraton for #mobile2012? Remember that check out time is noon.
Haha okay! RT : Starting the day with 's jumpoff mix will make you wanna party at 10am hahaha.
Bad news for Justin De Fratus: Shut down again for at least four weeks. Flexor pronator strain. -- Matt Gelb ()
In case any of my beautiful family & friends want 2 send some joy to the Knowltons LaGrone Funeral Chapel 900 S Main St. Roswell, NM 88203
Big Z welcome to Miami!!!!
This episode of Lioter Squad >
Are you planning on doing an LA Twitter ride while you're here?
I cannot wait to get a new phone!!
Wow! The "Susie Shoe Shine" can get pretty interesting! LOL
Their behavior is a product of their own conscious choice, based on values, rather than a product of their conditions, based on feeling
I find new gen ready and willing to learn. More senior people seem more entitled
Is it just me or was the WMYB music video different on NICK than the original. Still great thought!!!!
Ohey babe you're back, one sec!
when can I book you guys for a Saturday at T's Place???
Gosh people might say in obsessed with Tinker Bell which of course I am
thank you! We are all okay. The tornados missed our house but we have wheat from a field in our yard
Or just get some Salt Lick at the airport. Same same.
#ISTE11 I need a session on beginning an iPad pilot at my school which includes the info about the Apple school volume purchasing.
"I think happiness is finding a few extra fries at the bottom of the bag" - michelle johnson
Cat - what does an interdisciplanary approach mean?
Rhinos are really just old, fat unicorns. Don't argue. U know i'm right
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to some good info from you!
Sharon Dunwoody, : Objectivity and balance are (flawed) sophisticated surrogates for truth telling
no... Sad face. Can't see them from my phone..
thanks so much! We've gotten some great entries! I am going to go take a look at your website. Happy Sunday to you!
I can tell that you've been practicing!
I hand write cards too :)
#PennState students, rioting will not accomplish anything. Don't make our university look any worse.
I'm excited! Just have to save as much money as possible lol
I have the best people in my life right now!!
No shit. How do you have a career? Where's your loyalty? Huh? What would Eddie think?
IPhone & iPad2 in memory of the great innovator Steve Job.
I believe I did see a tweet from him that he would be there
What are your favorite resources for conference poster presentations? I haven't done one before. Thanks!
Very good! The cabrito was great!
When they tried to make her go to Rehab, she should have said "YES, YES, YES."
clarity all the way.
Things I love about Baltimore: May means that for the next few months there will always be a festival going on every weekend
are we seeing athletes doing social media well translate to $$ like more sponsorship money or opportunities?
keep talking...it is inspiring me!!
way too stoked to go to #coachella with the most awesome person
2 of my fave and best social media thought leaders on the social biz panel at #socialmediaweek. will be fab!
Lmao Girl To Late
Today was great! :D
NEW LoCash Cowboys song in the New Music Spotlight at 8pm then try to win more Country Cash after LoCash $$$
Getting my tattoo draw up tomorrow. pretty freakin stoked :)
Who out there can tell me what kind of tax the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the income tax is - direct or indirect?
...a perfectly natural response to plumbing issues.
I'm fine. how about you?☺
Morning started with taking lots of elk pictures. Next: Tillamook Cheese!
You're welcome.
Another beauty of a day in #Dallas! Love this weather...
right like for real.
#BmoreFail "Infrastructure is asphalt" - &
i miss me some CX! Love from Detroit.
I bet she reminds u of me
lol damn. At least you're honest
this dude
#ThisAct is over so guess its time for me to take a bow.
ridic, loves it !
should probably start homework now...nah it can wait:)
So excited about marketing track for our Ignite event in March; innovative social uses, proven lead gen, successful ROI tactics
hon? po-HON?
Funny how much people talked shit on Twitter in highschool yet they are all getting it now lol
had a great time at Radford today, can't wait for the fall.
Thanks for the RTs today Brandi! Have a great evening
Wait wait, what?
was she stressn.
what??? Congrats Anne! Bummer it's not Denver August 2012!!
dorks are adorable (:
i was about to prank call you but i remembered that you're too lazy to go upstairs and get your phone haha :)
Looking for a great birthday idea for your child and friends? Check out our party section at www.bathandbodybistro.com
check your voicemail homie!
Want to be a good dad? Get off the sidelines and get in the game!
"Most people run a race to see who is fastest; I run to see who has the most guts." -Prefontaine
Thanks! I know this I mostly about me
Also, today has been as about as pleasant and rest full as I could have wanted. Good reflection on some things. Good vibes, happy heart.
he talks a good game but his actions don't support the words.
going over the results of day 2 of #1khomesrva. Great volunteers, outreach workers, and partners! RPD does a great job!
Still need 2 - 4 chefs for Tenant Resource Center's Iron Chef Event on Friday, March 23rd at the Brink Lounge 5 - 7pm. Interested?
i wear my own style of clothes, listen 2 my style of music,do my WAY tha treadWAY!Tha only time i follow some1 is only on twitter!
Pinterest is almost as addicting as Tumblr. Follow me! Username: recordinmotion
I just heard it too . LOL my dad was jamming
These refs are not having their best day. Clearly a travel.
It simply cannot be morning already, can it?! That's impossible- it's not true.... No
Thank you so much for the tweets and support. Heading to arena now... It's time!
Taylor Green's batting song makes me want to dance
Movies tomorrow night witttthh my momma & daddddyy and Saturday is kings islannd with my girls!
Laying in bed and can't make up ur mind of to hot or cold
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. – Mark Twain
1 more week till the launch date and soon to follow a big party!
Everything looks great so far some occasional showers will be on the way of the game but better than yesterday nd playable (NY1.com)
Individual and Group Workouts done ...headed back into the Gym and work with these AAU teams getting ready to head out of town this weekend
So , my mom's not even home yet -__-
Have you tried #pandolfisdeli meatballs?
Fired up my fire place for the first time this year. Wondering why I didn't do this earlier...
You running Sunday?
on tonite, vs conservative talk radio. "you nevah call!"
Pain , Pain just by seeing stuff my heart breaks
hey ;) when I'm looking throw my timeline i always stop and look to see what you tweeted its always funny ;)
Starting a contemporary adult band called Scooter Commuter
I'd rather go to the dentist than a wedding.
agrees with the time traveling Coca-Cola commercial. Scientists, you've got 9:30 minutes left to figure it out! Tick, tock...
Sweet minivan - thank you Hertz!
living the life!
I fucked up. Life goes on
...I'm also not sure why I care...I mean, it's the Browns after all ;)
Their are so many Iago's out there!! Trust no one.
Thanks for following!
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow - Imma Pimp! Wow, that was craazie I got that like that! LOL
Looking forward to it! ": being the best basketball player i can possibly be will allow 2 become the next P.Diddy...
thanks for the kind words. means alot ;)
I am now the kind of woman who owns a fashionable pair of leather boots.
love the pure connect. Kinked shoelaces a nice touch and my kind of attention to detail.
I'll check. maybe some AC/DC and Rush?
This weather is absolutely amazing. #lovingit ☀🌸🌷
And the May-ness has begun....
These two kids go hard! -
I want to take a nap after school so bad, but I also need to look for a new job. I need more time!
that septum piercing dawgg 😝
Thanks Erin for sharing, I love it.
A new theater production hopes to make science sexy at Details in a live interview at 8:45
Today's high is going to be 81 degrees another day to put on some shorts and soak up the sun and #God blue skies : )
Bitten by the maker bug: one man&#39;s first steps with Arduino
Ronny Turiaf will start for the injured Heat forward Chris Bosh in Game 2 vs.Pacers. Bosh is out with a strained abdominal.
Yo everybody was on Friday. Meagan Good was so little Up here, she was too cute.
um, that would probably be the most legit thing ever. doooooit, i dare you! :D
david silverman is confused!!He needs a Savior-& he will meet Him one day!! All I can say-I'd hate 2 have his lost soul & may God be w/him!
Well, hair 582 jiggled a bit. But, you couldn't tell on tape.
We walk by faith and not by sight and not by appearance.
Haven't been on forever! Varsity football give you no life.
$$$$$$$$$$ 1000/ ticket to The Eagles concert at MGM Grand right now
The Rip-Offs is just the best ADHD music.
forever and never lol
appreciate the love!
ebm haha please and thank you 😘
Behind every smile- there's a drop of tear. Within every tear- there's love.
ahh how i love watching the tyra show everyday at 3 , ;D
Thanks Scott Friend for the presentation at iLab last night
...always requiring new assurances from the object of its interest. Ann Radcliffe,
JESUS is yo friend!!!! And me too...
How are you, meng?
Love is a grave mental disease. ~ Plato
great to hear a Chancellor with such passion about the importance of a strong university brand and message
are y'all having success finding talent from #StarCastAuditions?
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
Cream first?
I challenge all girls who claim to be "such a guy" when it comes to sex to go fuck 3 random strangers. Oh you won't? Then stop saying that.
Only 10 more minutes to stop by our table in the foyer and chat with !
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, check out at STATUS LOUNGE.
Contacts app approved! Never lose touch with your friends again. Look for RememberMe! in the app store within 24 hours!
is hard,but i choose Ariana Grande :)
653 - idk you that well but I do know your sweet :)
#nowplaying "Seashack"- while reading about Haitian Vodou (voodoo) by the pool.
you're not alone and I have early start today.
Everything was handled well, they did a fantastic job!
Sending Sunshine from FL!!
school til 11:01 tomorrow then going to king's island
I can't beleive this dog ate my Jimmy choo wallet :'(
the amount of Disney Instagrams in the next few days is going to be
You are a complete joke!!!
I'd like to get out in front of this thing & say FTR, I oppose the future bail outs of California, Illinois, & New York.
finally made it happen! Thx ! “: yeah!! been waiting 2 yrs for U to come to San Jose”
Happy #FF to some Design friends
Glad you liked them! Thanks for sharing the great pic! Now the question is, what to order next time...?
what about you?
#DesperateHousewives series finale. Let the sobfest begin.
yeah I think each photog will have some in each show. One show is focused on the river and the other is freedom of press
They just have no idea how well-behaved I really have been. You should've seen me in action in my pre-mom life. :-D
I'm a fan and I demand it!!!
Merry Christmas!!!
Never apologize for what you feel. It’s like saying sorry for being real.
If you're looking for a new TV show, HBO's Veep is fantastic.
Recession's over.
I am disgusted he is "worried". At least someone has the guts to stand up to evil!
25 nominees for the NASCAR Hall of Fame announced today - give and a follow to learn more & vote
Interesting argument being brought up in the documntary about the Little Rock Central. Are AP classes a new form of segregation?
Whataburger needs to give out some free Patty melts tonight! Patty Mills just scored a carrier high 25 points.
Mac Gaming News returns after a week off - www.macgamingnews.com - live at 10am Pacific - #mac game reviews, news, etc.
Happy Fourth of July everyone. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day!
The Adamouski international art competition is CALLING ALL ARTISTS!! Join our member community, be noticed, and submit to the competition.
#NEOSOULHAPPYHOUR5/25 > Live Sound > The Arts > Cocktails
OMG taking me back to my toddler years...the Elephant Show?!
#preswk12 studied what people were uploading, how, and where. Also how it was accessed and what metadata was available when accessed
Thanks! I'd be more than happy to talk with someone to discuss the difficulties!
I FEEL SO SICK.
RT : thinking 'bout you. <<really?
It's so. And all the #Starbucks are closed. I thought they would only close during
#PresidentsDayPornoTitle Back to Back Bush
Had to reschedule for tomorrow. To make it through the night I'll utilize my cheap health care / pain relief option:
How many KY fans are going to wake up confused tomorrow because their couch is missing?
did you have the kid lick a little salt off his wrist first?
We were kind to ourselves today by wearing our sunscreen towelettes to protect our skin from the sun! :)
I dare him to duke it out with Joe Giudice.
lol ya and I'm still up
I just found a bunch of old letters from years ago.
The letter 'A' dose not appear in any numbers from 1-999...mind=blown
Hurray for the #JOBS act! TechMoola will embrace & allow equity crowdfunding once the legislation becomes clear.
RT : Kind of perfect ": Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter on Broadway."
Oh I'm not feeling it today thank god :)
Listening to the game on the radio and with all the cheering I thought Phoenix scored!
Thanks for the follow
last day in THE house. Eek! The last bit of moving is always the worst.
So dumb. That's entirely team dependent.
": Elevate" right now
guys that have long nails...-__-
So sooty I was not there to hold your hair back... Hope you're feeling better.
Priority mail delivers to the moon #jsyk saw it on a billboard
Twitterites! Come out tonight to GA Tech to see David Bottoms! is giving out 200 free copies of the book. Bring friends!
#np, you can get it all bow weezy!!!
how many of us have said the #Yankees are going to do damage this inning? I have said it the last three innings
#SFAD #screenwriting - what makes a great pitch?
"that doesn't make any sense."
Happy Friday! Literacy Fact.... "50% of NASA employees are dyslexic" readfaster.com.... It can be conquered and IR can help. Call 275-4040
I hope you had a great New Year! We gotta work out together soon!
I hope it breaks so I can get a new one!
really?! :o
Global Elements is having a rocking day!! Thank you for the business everyone.
Thanks so much!!!
Join the Alliance for Ideas That Worked-Rapid Fire Innovation , Tuesday the 20th at 3:30pm.
My voice is gone folks. Glad there are so many are other supporters out here to compensate!
Aw love you too, Steph! :D
My cousin just turned on TWC and promptly kicked me out. Will be in Memphis by 3:30pm.
idk what that game is. Is it like a movie question game?
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!! STOP SHAK N & STEP UP ! 10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIDROBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY. Page Themes Page Themes
Lol. Yonkers creep me out alil bit ! The things he does in that video O.O - Zaona
We want to thank the mayors office gang commission division for their help & support!!!
Enjoy a fresh at #ZombieFest tomorrow for just $3.50. Goes great with brains AND burgers & is preferred by zombies everywhere!
Thank GOD Baylor Won, So happy. and the rest of the team, Great Job!
When you run out of cash at a cash only restaurant on mothers day, do you leave your mom behind?
I was a few minutes ago
Red Door Spas in Tucson is offering 10% off any RED product in their retail boutique. How will you #paintthetownred?
That's one of my 10 favorite movies of all time.
Bossman brought lunch! Tomato Basil Soup...m so good :)
Watching part of Ken Burn's The National Parks documentary for the first time and it makes me want to take a road trip across America.
We are, but even before the upgrade I was really amazed at how well it worked.
Your mama is so fat, when she sings, its over.
welcome to #Twitter Monica lol
salivating... Its Mukeu
The hollow points are the worst. RT : I'd say PPT doesn't kill people. Bullet points kill people!
Great Friends, Great Tweets! Get well, stay well w/ great oral care. www.closys.com
So pumped up about the concert tonight
hey sunshine
I'm finishing packing in flannel and heeled combat boots. I feel so Rosie the Riveter right now.
When was the last time you actually went into your bank? ~ jesse
lol....that's not something to be proud of
Starting to receive submissions for TheJUMP. I hope these things keep rollin' in.
thanks for the CMH love
#AskBilas Can UK win a NCAA title with Marquis Teague at PG? If I have a concern it is consistency from Teague at the PG spot.
I'm so excited to see you guys back on the abdc stage!!! You guys never fail at putting on a great preformance!
It's rare to find down to earth individuals like my boy in the music biz these days. He'll make your project sound right.
Any truth to the reports that the RNC has officially endorsed Romney?
The capitol rally is being interrupted for wedding photos.
Shawn Camp's probably the most reliable guy the Cubs have right now.
Darling Bevinski - read your direct messages! Love from the city of brotherly love... - T
RIP Carroll Shelby and condolences to his family.
Seen any good movies lately? Looking for some recommendations on what's worth seeing.
I won't argue with that.
My mom is so embarrassing! I was talking to on the phone & she was talking about how big some guy's ears were... ((x
we lost bc of him and he is the worst player, screw him
yes! :D that would be fun to be able to go! :)
Impressive! Enjoy...
What's happening? Why the Comcast hate?
I think your fever will decide if u go to school, don't you? Not me3.
Just cried that good cry you cry four months into a relationship.
#Rocked The Club Last Thursday W/ ... Now Its Your Turn To get #BodiRocked This Thursday At #BODI | FREE ALL NIGHT!
Yes... picked up a major boating client today... More to come... Who else needs marketing solutions for a lifestyle product?
#IDidintTextYouBack because if you just say "lol" or something unsignificant, i''m not interested
After no OT in first wk of #NBA playoffs, 2 in past 2 days. If youre Jameer you HAVE to hit that. Good fake, open look…game's eite hit that.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened. -Mark Twain
...I won't be leaving sweet tweets like I usually do, but I'm still here in spirit. :) Some bull junk happened, gotta clean it up! xo's ♥
Supercharge landscape media player for iPhone/iPod Touch coming 2010! Follow NOW!!!
IsAnyOneUp has officially been shut down... but where will I find pics of fat tattooed naked girls.
Obama's Rolling Stone treatment -- politics to pop - San Jose Mercury News
Happens to me everyday!
I wonder if we will get some of the snow that's in good ol Indiana right now?!
Seeing go radio in 30 mins. So stoked!
The Smilers RULES, you know! ;)
“ Cant wait until 5 o'clock 2 trip off and and my new boo”
when i told you the definition of "how someone can love someone so much" i was talking about how i feel about you.
TODAY IS ANOTHER DAY,BUT CAN U TELL ME ABOUT TOMMOROW.Hm
Im Aiming At a Million But Shooting At a Billion Then Fly Like Im Leaping Off the Highest Building
If u miss Lux tomorrow night ur a fool!!
cause you can't really come :(
this area has bred some great horses in the last 10 years!
Stupid high schoolers with party horns
John, would love to craft an experience with some of your classes on LivingSocial. DM let me know!
says "tonight we dine in hell!"
I want one!
Never ended up making it to #yolo ..
need to provide leadership to small business to encourage them to hire seniors
The Bulls can't hit freethrows
Thanks for the RT!
Is anyone else noticing the sudden and rapid decline of SSD prices? Something's happening!
Ew. My dad was trimming his nose hairs at the table..
Between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. every Wednesday we offer a 10% discount off of our already low prices.
heading 2 chicago in the morning 2 do a live spot on Bloomberg. thank GOD my mom is tackling this 1 b/c live tv makes me nervous as hell lol
Phones open at 6 am for big radiothon! Call 1-877-719-KIDS (5437). All money goes to help sick kids.
Congratulations on all of your sucess!!!
Follow for a SHOUTOUT!
Ugh I swear Navy Army might be the best bank but damn it's also the slowest!!!
Anyone who's been stranded at 3 am with a dead car battery agrees!!
can't believe how unbelievably nice some people are! I am blown away by kindness
This needs to happen more! RT Wouldn't be Opening Day without a fan running on the field.
LOL! I was just gonna tweet something about #Boyfriend cuz i just listened to it 4 the millionith time! #Swag,Swag,onYOU
Our Art Show #WarisChild'sPlay will be featuring some interesting pieces. Such as 4,802 toy soldiers and sculptures made out of legos
how did u make bieber's suit on your backround thing change colors??? .___.
Mke. Mustangs coach Bob Landsee on his now released kicker: "He couldn't hit a bull on the butt with a handful of sand tonight." Awesome.
Great call with Mitch Daniels. Glad to hear he supports the #NoBudgetNoPay bill.
Get a massage for only $25 for one hour for season promo, call 719-201-7640 to make an apt.
Congrats! When & where is the launch party?
looks AMAZING!
CRACK SAUCE tonight 8 - midnight
good morning. Give me a shout I'd like to connect with you about working with some ur writers at Pulse
keep building connections and referrals. Let's explode this thing. www.referralkey.com
I think when they saw me breathless, running in for a cut-in.. they got the idea (just hope I got all my buttons on my blouse)
#WhiteSox game coming on in a minute. It's one of those horrible #Fox broadcasts.
Ain't been tweetin in a while
nice vid, sad I missed that day!!
": Trust what God is telling you and see the return on your investments!!!!!! : ))))"
damn straight boo.
Excited to hear my beloved on Leno tonight.
Cleaning my room for the first time in two weeks... Damn, can't even see the floor right now.
hahah Oh I see. Mother nature saying a big fuck you hahah
Hubby come home today can't wait
Ever wear an inappropriate shirt to work underneath a sweater- only to discover that it is freakishly hot in the library?
is speaking our language - right message, right person
soon enough that may change!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around the world!
IT DIED!! ALONG WITH OUR DIGNITY AND SELF-RESPECT!!!
sounds like a solid theory
Kay cool c:
Drunk sex? RT : This middle white woman looks old as shit....dang TO.
My room smells like Raid bug spray
#WhatILoveTheMost seeing my family happy :)
I really need to invest in a digital slr!
if they're willing/eager to learn
Sid Covington from Lone Star Rail District thanks Eckhardt for LS funding from #Apple, says it might be a bit early
i love how bobby (mgf) knows my old username like he knows who i am haha <3
Just because that camera didn't hit the player, that doesn't make this any less of a very serious issue.
I Receive it in Jesus name... RT Season Of Restoration!!!!
I have no friends. who wants to be my friend
it #makesmesalty when and NEVER notice me. :(
The movie 2012 is just out of control. :(
Be sure to find out the Chicago Citizen's impact on ABC 7 Chicago's Cheryl Burton in our 47th anniversary edition 04-18-12
Happens to all of us. I was just having fun.
I want a dmt prometh blunt...covered in oil and keif..
Perhaps my issues concern the oblique aim toward a "general public." Edification is one thing but it must be contextualized.
well I guess I'll be seeing you there then!
my eyes are getting heavy.
Eye-opening financial talk with 👀
Rihanna is the hottest thing I've ever seen.
That CAN'T be snow already... Have a picture? Twitpic it to us!
Thanks for your response! Have you gotten a chance to check out our current exhibition? Would love to hear what you thought!
just staying on top of all my 'kids'!
nd ur tummy better get better
Hello twitter people! What is happening in the first few minutes of Wednesday (EST)?
SO so sad Alexander McQueen commits suicide @ age 40 :( www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/top/all/6862160.html
RT Who's excited for tonight? Best show in tv!
Hopefully the crew can get it together tomorrow.
on the plus side, you get to take an aluminum bat to that copier
what are you doing for social media week? is doing a How To Do Social for brands event at our offices
This generation of kids coming up are gonna be horrible!
Shooting interview portion of mini doc tomorrow, super exciting can't wait for the project to really start taking shape!
*GASP* You mean social media is not some sort of magic fairy dust for marketers?
I just want you to be proud of me.
Ladies only Follow on twitter he on a quest to get over 1,000,000 girlfriends all over the globe and I think he can lol
Nat'l campaign a lock by Spring RT : Melissa McCarthy has brand potential. Funny and relatable. Bridesmaids success now an Emmy
We agree! You can definitely count us in on tuning into #SharkTank too to watch our client :-)
#neverforget that only YOU can decide what you want to be! Don't let anybody tell you otherwise!
I don't like him.
I already lost it for aforementioned violation. I bet I can find another before SXSW is over though...
So instead of being reddish brown, my hair is now completely brown and it looks like shit.
why did i leave this project til now
just got our twitter page set up...looking forward to a few days off, then getting ready to head into the studio before our Ashville trip!
I can def help you get your ideas on paper! check out my work at www.leocortesstudios.com email to
Want to come to my house next?!?!
Chris Christie has started to annoy me
Baseball query: When players go yard, they touch their lips and hearts and point at the sky. Why not when they strike out? Or single?
I think is writing about this topic! You should talk to her more. But IMO, rational me accepts that for 1/2
Counting the days until March 17th - I can't wait!
Wow , I've been sleeping al day
Put away those terrible towels till next year. Go back and shovel that snow.
They key to having a good future is making amense with your passed
Happy 2012 to everyone!!! I hope you have an amazing year filled with great memories!
Can you say 'suh-weet!'? RT : You can now again take a stroll across Maple Canyon across the Quince Street Footbridge!!! Enjoy.
Come to Atlanta and I can show you! ;-)
His name is Austin... and I kinda have a crush on him but it's one of those awkward ones of I like you but I don't know you crushes
Was it just me that thought #LevitatedMass was a floating Catholic service? Disappointed when I found out its just a big rock.
alrightyy ill do it when i have time (: and then send it to youu.
Ahh D; i know but i wanna see youu ^-^*
MY NAME IS MULA!
Evan Turner really is VERY GOOD at those shots
:D >RT : OMG. Total food orgasm
love these dudes! thanks for sharing the video link.
Checking out trailers too
the IDEA is that rich people will hire more people just because they can afford to.
Soo excited for Mama to receive her gift today!
BRIC Nations (Brazil, Russia, India, China) all four have now secured spot in Top 10 economies. (CIA Worldbook)
I like that. I just gave my daughter (7) a laptop and 15 mins later, I saw that it had nothing on the iPad she had already been using.
I don't think that's enough dude. You might need to pay a fine or spmething. LOL
so uhm. i kinda missed justin at the fight yesterday someone wanna send me the video or?
that would be cool if you were, it would also make more sense because your good at every thing you do!!!!
lucky u 👏
WOO! yeah, come on over!
I'm going to print out my script tonight for the first time since I fully finished it! Yay!
I am so incredibly modest.
yeah and cool :)
Presentation on listening bodies today in America's Convention Center Rm 102 Level 1. Hope to c u there!
I actual knew that. Idk why I said Carlos
I hate how messy my room is right now!
Thanks #kubasketball for one hell of a year, so proud to be a fan, and I have the Self confidence to say we'll be back soon.
Knock em out, P!
Peter's Prep Hockey Game vs. Seton Hall Hockey Game moved to wednesday Febuary 8th. No broadcast this Friday.
when I seen you I didn't recognize you until you came closer I was like Aw her nails are done look at you !
It was SO nice meeting you in NY! You and the crew were so sweet to me(: is so lucky to have a mom like you!<3
ha it's funny cause it was about you
My Summer = working, school , traveling and keeping kids 😊
snag it never launched. changed biz concept to vacation packages. new site will be save on stays. in process integrating all the code
A strategic, focused job search campaign is an absolute must RT : Oregon's unemployment rate now at 12.1%
No room at the inn, we're having this baby in a barn.currently no delivery rooms at n.side
My artists are working with quite a few producers right now but we always need beats
WILL THE RED SOX RESORT TO BEER AND FRIED CHICKEN? MORE AT 11
Thanks so much!
so happy I'm not alone on this one, glad you can relate! miss you too- hope you're having a great semester and holding down CP!
I'm supposed to dance to it or worship with it? It's confusing...
i bet something else u do after ur fb post will get u fired though!
I have a few questions about WM28'
Wow I am finding so many interesting people here. Realy lade back too.
is plugging her twitter @ the #ISUSMSymposium i think she wants to boost her follower numbers! She got me!
LSU is gonna bring the rollin to the tide
This one HAS to be ReTweeted... Lol. :)
definitely need to try and pick up another RB. Jones against the Jets in week 1 is not going to be pretty
True. It's Cheez (as many Americans know). RT : ": Squeezy cheese is awesome." &lt;&lt; It's not cheese.
When you think of what type of man would even desire to be president today, it is no wonder we get what we get in the Commander in Chief.
fascinating + frightening presentation on how jihadis use gamification in online forums to drum up interest
My strange addiction just might be the weirdest show ever, like wtf who snorts baby powder?
Lawson puttin on a show!!
Yes it does--thank you kindly! :)
.: .0106% of population showed up at MLK rally on the Mall.
Aw, crap!
how did you get in there for free?! There is a $3.00 cover charge.
not on tonight....Damn it. Unless u have the nba package......
Aftern. dispute:should I get something from #Magnolia since I shlepped myself to the office from the airport on a Sun or not?
Good morning!
Can't a young nigga get money anymore!
writing is always more than just writing.
Thankyou for following me. I wanna be a verified Arianator, how do you do that?
has a single out and will be on Elen according to #SxSW panel! Yeah!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 7
gracias, oh-soon-to-be-tenured-one.
I thought you were the king.
- Larry explained this and said he meant less of a mover(legs) and more of a stand his ground and fight guy(getting older).
somebody should help me get 7 more follower.. please
Hope I'll feel better by tomorrow
Watching 2 broke girls
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
conga line to pacha =]
That's a generalization. Not all public schools are bad. Madison West High produces kids that go to Harvard & Stanford yearly
Just filled out my bracket. Who do I have winning it all? #NorthCarolinaTarHeels!
Just saw MJ's sparkly glove.
Am I the only one who didn' t know Dick Clark was still alive?
just watched the "put a bird on it" sketch for the first time...until just now i didn't know what the hell it meant
You've got to role with the punches to get to what's real.
game tonight!!! Glad to have them finally back in town :)
Still getting my hair done 😪🔫🔫🔫
so do u think uts gonna be easy taking on the fruit pebble at wrestlemania?#RockTalk live
Accessorize Like a Queen With Cleopatra-Inspired Chokers TREND: Cleopatra-inspired necklace WHO 'S WEARING IT: Whitney Port, Kourtney
If I added up all the time I am waiting for some kind of render I would probably decide it was worth upgrading my PC.
Meanwhile, Arturo is sitting there laughing at me the whole time.
Vic in No Cal just murdered Jay Mohr in the Jungle
Ah! Autumn in Tucson. Our patio is heated and the soups are on. Stop in and try one of our delicious homemade soups!
anytime! If you need more help just let me know!(:
it is what it is tweeps! Happy Easter :):)
JPMorgan went from hiring 1 in 10 to 1 in 3 #veterans with active search teams. Understanding culture from within is key.
Its inevitable.... I'm going to have to get out of bed today.
Can i ever get a tweet from you? lol
Make a chart!
it just sounds sexier english is boring
banged it out.. n im out..
I constantly feel like I'm at a fork in the road, maybe not every day but a few times a week. Maybe that's why I'm always stressed.
Sweatshirt is on. Go Pats!!!
hahaha hell yeah knows who peaches is. (;
How many votes does a corporation get when it enters a voting booth ? None, 0 nada,zilch It doesn't have proper ID.So there.
Comps have been sent in for repair. Footage and pending posts were saved but need to be re-edited. :-(
thank you❤
AT, I think you need to explain to Eli what priorities are.
Doctor who is awesome
Headed to the Albany Civil Rights Institute.
pulled weeds, scrapped moss from between paverstones, put down mulch, rearranged patio furniture and spray painted a wooden bench.
Kicking off the weekend with a racquetball game at the club, up against the champ this morning...wish me luck.
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because we have Strait, Cash, Twitty, McGraw, and Hank Williams .
It's "National Chocolate Chip Day"! Time to make some fresh cookies!
gross dude
awesome tat
maybe she should stop banging Breezy. Role model.
I am under so much stress. What else could possibly go wrong in my life anymore......
Hilary would be PERFECT for ! I can see her hanging with a Grover/Oscar/Big Bird trio...
Np bad season
Here we go...
I hate when people say cum instead of come. Haven't you realized the difference in twenty years?.. Or have you just never gotten laid?
Rt: Lot of talk about crossover votes in Dem primary, 17% of those who say they'll vote say they are Repubs.
You are treasured, you are sacred, you are.. his.
you too stranger! How's it going?
I seriously dont wanna leave my bed and go to work :l
#SmallFrySoldiers I dont think enough people followed ! Keep going :)
I lost the 10 dollars, this time for real! #MyKindOfLuck haha
Cmon Marquez. Third times a charm.
i love you! we have great times together that i aint ganna EVER forget!
Dat ass, part V. Morning Edition.
We have a great deal going on at Atlas Dreams Languages LLC right now. 10 weeks of conversational Spanish for $100 only. 10 weeks of conver…
More haste, less speed.
motorola triumph. i only get nervous in the case my core apps have issues with specific phones.
Recieve ONE Jan Marini Skin Care Product 1/2 OFF when you buy one of regular or lesser value
that's what's up.. idk bout our schedule but we may play u guys.. still independent?
And the 1st hasn't even ended
Bulgogi for dinner tonight. It turned out wonderfully.
congrats girl!😘😄
No:/ did other people? I WOULD HAVE IF SHE WOULDN'T FIND IT CREEPY. I do know their address
Nothing beats seeing the #WhiteHouse at night.
will do
I'll email you a friend request tomorrow. :-)
Bynum with a triple double today. If he could get his head on straight could really be great.
Boss! Boss! Boss it up! Boss it up! Let's get BOSSY y'all
burned 263 calories doing 30 minutes of "Stair-treadmill ergometer, general"
Heard multiple reports that Braun's team successfuly recreated the elevated testosterone level. Any validity to that?
Woodjock Facebook IS UP!! All photo's from the event are posted by athletes..from Bronson 2 Bernie. Take a min & like us!
Or has anybody seen it ?
Consensus of conservative pundits regarding #Fldebate : Media was unfair, or did something wrong. Wa!!!!
True Compliments will now donate $1 for every letter purchased, to Ecotrust who funds local jobs and ecosystems!
and I dont have a car anymore
: must get my mind off crack - website statistics crack that is :)
Kings take on Utah in just a few minutes...who's watching? Come to the Rubicon to watch the game!
