: That's good advice back at me , Steve:-)
A sincere thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our great country!
Time to put in hard work and be success driven starting tommorow
That kid is amazing. When he runs inside the box and does teh tickets... unbelievable.
i don't think the corporations understand and/or care. :(
Um. Has anybody read the book *Werewolf Smackdown?* I mean, it features a Latino vampire detective. How can it not be good?
Hey Ray. Its Wynne! Thanks for the boxes. How are ya? I wanna ask u a Q. via email. what is it? Im gettin rid of dead weight!
": I've decided that what makes a fan is wanting what is best for the team." that makes you a GM
I just posted my first pic... and yes we do
Doomsday interpretations of Dec 2012 are the result of contemporary visions of the apocalypse. But, what were the Maya communicating?
Dem witness is from Farm Bureau too; no #health experts, no #childlabor experts. Result: #ag industry interests represented-childsafety not
Good morning love my life in ths person n it mwah
TGIF! Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear one of these??
Please follow me(; 16
Radelet: "African Democracies, having an election in Africa does not mean it is a democracy."
Thanks for the follow Kolt! New album #Authenticity is coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We are the first team in world sports to pass 5 million Twitter followers. Thank you for your support!
Darn twitter virus
Reminder, we are having an Arch's ice cream social, this Thursday (tomorrow) from 3-4pm! All are welcome!
researching recipes Mary-Louise Parker can eat
#I love Chicago:))so happy to finally be here:))
Those hand cut fries were such a surprise! And hot chocolate w sprinkles made a five year old's day. :)
LOL I love Dallas, don't get me wrong. But I miss my family too much! So yes, in about a year, I'm outchea. LOL
hey man... gonna be on Hilton head for vacation in July. We should hook up play #golf and
yes....me and my Twitter account are having some major issues today :( ugh. Juggling too much
Have any of you seen Class of 1984 in 35? If so, I'm beyond jealous...
Hahaha(: I Am Soo Bored Of My ITTYYY BIITTTYY Apartment So, I Am going to The Mall With My Frraannddss(: Maybe Post Pics(:(:
Thought Hunger Games would be corny as crap, but turned out to be a really good movie!
whoa ru having a baby?!
No tulips. Milk at the Admiral Twin instead!
wasn't the omg girlz there? Too
Congrats Kevin your upcoming #WMU graduation
follow follow follow... me... please...(:
The best friends I could ask for
RT : Join Alvarez & Marsal for the 2012 Payments Think Tank Event in Atlanta on March 29th.
I'm not happy about this!!
who well that's cool so where u from?
thanks. I'll be in the lobby!
On tools... RT : Steve King: multiculturalism "a tool of the left" to "pit us against each other"
Or a woman.... RT : Brady Quinn is at Carmines at Penn. You'd have to be an ND fan to understand.
Great! Can't wait to hear fro you!
“ Stuff we did in high school most likely won't affect how we run a country.”
there is a huge difference in sound between the two! Im a good 20 ft away and still annoying as hell!
Winter is really trying to get a foothold on the area! Little does it know; Colonials will heat things up this month!
you too! Haven't seen you in a while!
Tristan; that should be me..holdin your hand. That should be me, makin you laugh. That should me, this is so sad..that should be me...</3..
GROUPON Alert!!!! Get em' before they are gone!
The next person that auto-tweets their location from Foursquare is getting punched in the neck.
You bet! I'd love to connect you with the lead contact from the U of L women's center.Shall I have her contact you?Best way?
Awesome Job!! Caucus Time!!!
Thanks so much! We hope you get in as well and can call you a Golden Flyer come this September!
shoot. Can't find it.
Gonna take a shower. Be back later guys!!! :) xox
I'll go crazy cartoons is my best friend. PBS any others
They mine as well, right? Working from home can't be a bad thing anyhow for all parties involved.
When my mom calls me for PC tech support, it's like she doesn't understand English. "Mom ... the file's on your desktop!"
If you are not watching UNC - Ohio turn on the TV now!
Great discussion of mentorship vs sponsorship at work whether formal or informal.
Birthday in 3 days...not even hyped cuz my parents arent acknowledging it at all lol
RT I should clarify that by "everyone" I just mean Eddie, Ricky, and now Jeremy. I'm not a whore or anything.
Ugh These shotts are really getting to me guise !! Idk iff imma be able to post part 5 today? :/
Thanks Chicago,for making my 1st afternoon back feel like I'm still in Houston
Ugh...this rain...are u serious.
#np can you feel it- The Jacksons mike went to church on em this whole soong!!
I LOVE YOU!
I just got jelly pumpkins, gummy candy corn, and candy corn pumpkins. Halloween is delicious.
Some pictures from Hawaii (Dec 2011) | travels and seaglass
Disappointing ad for sure RT : Oh, hi Men are high rollers. Women are accessories and rewards.
thanks again. Love the blog.
Hi #libchat! I intern at a medical library. I didn't plan on it, it just sort of happened!
Do you even understand what they saying ?
Don't forget to click the 3M Contest tab to enter the pocket projector giveaway. Today is the last day!
Can't wait to be camping ! 🔥⛺
Stand for principals and morals. Stand for righteousness.
I had an unbelievable time at the !
My shirt must have been sleepy today...it drank all my coffee on the way to work! --- Ninja
So much to be thankful for
The killer instinct is good and bad.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and with a deep bench and 10 strong.
And you're entered to win! What ring size are you?
am I annoying yet?
Forgot to study for AP Euro
Keep on a positive issue message not dissing the other guy.
someone else need to stand up or this series can turn quickly.
let's all do dinner tomorrow??? too!
And when age or disease or grievous injury have altered that landscape, there'll only be that individual spirit flashing out at you.
GT GAME
I hope my mom brought me chips for not taking me to dye my hair -_-
Just got done watching some vids on Utube. Thanks wonderful Thomas!
for waffle house to call anything they make an all American...seems to me to be an insult to America...
I wanna know about these exciting things in your life Caitlin!!! I'll have to DVR the segment! :)
I really wish bloggers would stop being so mean about Curtis Painter. His parents are probably very proud of him. He's a local guy. Be nice.
My Big Brother Graduate Monday , And My Lil brother Start Kindergarden This Year , Everything Happens So Fast !
Chilling with Mr.Ross on my lunch.....:-)
Crazy ass Miami house party last night shouts to FIU...And all the pretty Spanish girls...
CALLING ALL PATENT ATTORNEYS - Please contact me if you'd like to work on a temp project beginning on Monday! It's a great opportunity! I…
Such a productive day. Videos soon. Ep soon too..
We're playing at Jack Rabbits 1528 Hendricks Ave Jacksonville, FL on Friday April 1. Doors open at 7. Tickets $10
Because of this ongoing reformist smear campaign, I go to work each day, do my best and feel inadequate.
Nice job !
So I'm just going to sit back, watch and wait and when that person hurts them again. I REFUSE to listen. IDGAF if they get mad.
Lol xD almost forgot how to tweet, since I updated my twitter!
Ps3 bro
Hm.... now it looks like I may be going to China for 2 weeks after Europe for 2 weeks.....jesus China is a long flight!
I'm right here!
RT: Major push to get Isabel Celis search trending on Twitter. Please end tweets with
illustrated a book of tongue twisters, "Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes," pub. by Millbrook Press. It is adorable!
well now that's over, can u move back to us?
GOD is So GreAt and I am so thankful its the lil things he does that shows me he loves me and cares!! :-)
you going ?
Thanks Leah for the RT!
Bless his heart.
: Hello, have a blessed Sunday!
Earth : you don't have to be crazy to live here... But it helps
I created this account about 1 hour ago and I feel like I'm just talking to myself.
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Great job Prof Snyder! Cycle on.
Love that suggests I check for an outage on their website after selecting the phone option for 'No connectivity'.
well except for IDOL
#Toryburch and I got caught in the middle of a bar fight last night.
Not sure what to think of Gawker's FOX mole but so far ... if my brain had balls, they'd be pretty f****in blue.
random day? Ahaha
That's another problem. The offense has been on a milk carton all season.
I still can't believe it's March already....Graduation in 2 months!!
is wondering: WHO SELLS website ADSPACE? I need a quick overview... please please? THANKS!! 720.470.7508-Erin.
At the 2011 Redmond Kernan lecture - Fundamental San Francisco.
Liberal Democrats are using the death of #Trayvon for political advantage. Despicable. The war on women is now the war on African-Americans.
Chelsea wins today! Who would've thought!
aw congrats u two! 💍
#NomNomNom #TChat YUM - double jealous! Pls set another plate, I'm coming over :)
i should probably change my job title on fb to professional cat sitter.
"I love you is back!"
That encore was badass at their show here in Dallas. Great concert.
There are enough T-Shirt KU fans to make up for my lack of KU support.
If it is on the Frostbite engine will you still buy it?
we like that! RT : "Latinos Live Here" is theme of Univision upfront. Just started.
Visit our offices at 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA 92123
Wanting to make soup. Too tired.
I cannot wait to see you ball out at the Masters this year, I will be following you Thursday
thx Bart! How's your little one?
Follow us on
Hey please check your #PM thank you + # youROCK
No cuz they are a GOP run club RT : Will the Milwaukee Police and Fire Unions retract their endorsement of ?
that's because they will be worthless in a few hours
well dang amigo! I just bought a Provari last week! I coulda funded you a mountain bike tire or sum thin. ;)
if you want to somehow read my tweets- read this: STOP TALKING TO ME.
Hello, "Day-Old News?" I'd like to cancel Cam's subscription. Yeah. He's going to be giving his business to "Behind the Times."
we'll see how far i can get through before quitting...i want to finish it, but right now it's not very exciting.
Great weekend ! Thanks Jordan Harris for making some great new wines. Can't wait for their official release!
Great news. Go Bucky. Heisman favorite!
Can you disclose what's going down? :D
1974 - Paul #McCartney and Wings releases "Band on the Run"
You & me. I've been trying to find a new theme for one of my two blogs & I'm having a hell of a time w/ it.
changed mi twitter name again lml
Help reach 1000 followers and discover amazing opportunities in the broadcasting industry!
I just don't know.
Stop by City Tap and have a drink with me before the game! I'll be there at 5. Then off to section 182!
Departing for RWANDA in t + 36 hours. I'm SO excited to get there!
Merry Belated Christmas to you as well, Hope you had a great Christmas with your family :)
I think I may be getting old if people are wearing 80's Halloween costumes. I wore those clothes because I was in the 80's.
Intelligence appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without education. Education enables a man to get along wit
The best leader does not ask people to serve him, but the common end. The best leader has not followers, but men and women working with...
#nowplaying cooler than me
its me
EAT MY ASS
good stuff lol
Start your weekend with us! Join us for Happy Hour tonight from 4-7 in the bar!!!
Great games tonight. Esp. that eagles game
will retry.
A #BigTimeBlooperEpisode Has To Happen!
Lol fresh on a bitch, get the number! Not thats not true, you can be dirty and get a bitch! All about your Macking skills!
Serena Williams and 15 Most Shocking In-Match Temper Tantrums
I know haha I could do with out teddy but yes I agree if yang leaves I'm no longer watching it
thanks for the follow. Love
Doesn't change my love for you :) that was the best concert ever!! You guys rock! :)
Newsroom Blog | 'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're Live-Blogging Now!
I should have kissed you <3
Cause I remember when I sold you a tall tee
Presenting our IDIA Lab work today @ virtual worlds learning mashup meeting - SLoodle, Second Life, Web 2.0, OpenSim etc
You and have the same birthday! To make her birthday wonderful I think you should follow her. Plase?
So with their win, Grizzlies will open a playoff series @ home for the first time in franchise history. Give them credit!
are you sure? I'm not finding that through ,admittedly lame, google attempts. Girl, interrupted budget=40 mill
lmao whatever you're just mad cuz you're not drunk right now
Hello everyone on
I changed my mind at the last minutes my powers activated late :(
My buddy Geoff fletcher's movie killed it at Toronto film festival last night! Look out for violet and daisy!!!
Its amazing how much I can get done on a day with no meetings.
channeling my inner martha for pie crust making and kicking off christmaspalooza :)
Bye forever, Dallas... ;P
He could have a legit feud with yoshi if he wanted.
our web site is working just fine! www.ryan.com. Let us know if you are having any problems!
Officially bruised and battered.
Life is too short to ignore what your heart really wants...
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus" -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can't wait to hear some cowboy songs from !
I am Rachel Berry, that annoying kid that'll do anything to reach her goal. But I aim to be , theonewhogotwhat she worked for x
Graham Colton Band >>>
Just donated to Kickstarter and put him over his goal!! #LoveHelping :)
This nite is so beautiful reminds of nites where we would jus drive and tlk.... :(, I want that old thing back
o my gosh
Doh! home already. More tomorrow?
lol must be nice 😏
: "I'm American, they're all the same to me" Not sure you're quoting me to compliment my satire, or to start an angry mob.
something like 64s. Has potential but rarely gets there, can turn a profit with some creativity tho.
Who says you can't work out AND have Halloween treats? We've got a bowl of goodies on our counter....yes we do! Waiting for you.
I was in there like, Oh shit, I've never been here before. I've never seen this part of pussytown before.
who may??
The article on web analytics was well written. Thanks for sharing!
good but i've been studying all day and i don't even know how to do those exercises lol yours?
Hey everyone, what's your favorite sandwich from The Daily?
unfortunately, you know you made his day...excuse me...LIFE by mentioning him by name.
I have Frank Rosen until 10:30... but tell me where your class meets and I'll bring it over as soon as I get to school.
I am so sry. About your loss I am praying for you guys
love a good thunderstorm.
A boyfran that stands up for his girlfriend is REAL AS FUCKK!!!
Look at me, please... ♥
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Water taxi. Bitchin.
The #SaturdayLibrarian with the most requests for FIFTY SHADES OF GREY wins.
I don't think I'm ever going to stop freaking out about how amazing Trespassing is. ❤
There's the Don Draper we all know & love
I haven't really listened to All Time Low in YEARS. I'll stick to the old stuff only, though.
Finally I joined a Gym about time 
Hi... My name is warren. I can't believe I forgot that in my speech:(
fun,fun,fun lol just let me know and we are there :)
Scott Sherman has not made this schedule easy.
Somebody tell me is talk radio boring or enjoyable to listen to
Take care K!
Nice seeing and at the #Tradhome #newtrads shindig
thanks Andy. Really appreciate you and your work. Thanks for the RT too. Enjoy the day.
lmfaooo fuck y'all, she came on to me
Would I rather be a Knicks fan or a Mets fan???
Thanks! I will have to post the vids from the festival! :)
Put ur face where my waist at 🎂
no like I just was messaging him & he randomly replied (: ahaha
You say you did it, I done it. I'm gone.
greys anatomy hm?! Let's test out your theory. Tonight before bed watch sister wives..Let's see what dreams come from that:)
so far I've only found and and :o she needs more!!
As I was saying, not exactly the way I like to spend a beautiful spring day, but must be done!!
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-vn1 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami, FL. It's available in your customer area now.
May the odds be forever in your favor #HungerGames💚
Umm coffee please....
You're doing the CBSLiveTweet?! Wow! That'll be neat! The cast won't be on until it airs your time, right?
Good news for our science comm faculty! MT We're getting 4 new Nature journals and a physics journal collection! :)
i know!! u went missin on me
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle, shield up, drinking coffee through a straw. Can't decide - stupid or
Yeah you betta run female!
"Information passes in front of us so quickly in this age." Agreed.
Thank you. Maybe this Summer...be on the lookout.
This is the first NCAA Tournament I've watched where there wasn't a single buzzer-beater.
I miss the show teen titans!!
R.I.P. Donna Summer. We will miss you
what does she have that i dont? ohh, nevermindd im just better than her right? and you just wanted to down grade...?? go for it bro
need more Followers Follow ! Please Retweet this !!!!!!
RT My Iphone has been syncing for about an hour now<- they're like us, the memory gets cluttered and clustered
Sweet. Allow me sir to buy you a drink.
somebody named dorian dm'd me and I though it was told the guy "i heart him"...then dm'd "thought u were someone else oops"
1/28/1757->Cuninghame: The French grow more&more Formidable by their Alliances, while Our Friendly Indians are deserting our Interest
Going to meeting brewery to discuss all things
LT12UK I'll be at booth 41 near escalators come say hello!
what people are getting at is leave TNA as soon as you can and go on a farewell tour with WWE
Quick lunch on the fly or a relaxing break from work, we can do it all. Come on by! Fresh sushi and warm soups on this dreary day!
If you’re a 90′s kid, you’re not really a kid anymore.
That is correct, and with some great surprise brews too!
Very sad. So very, very sad.
So they blowing up the city of Chicago wen NATO get here huh
Also in the chatter for today's episode, we review ! http:/www.ftg-comic.com
~!+_~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Haha... Underwear! (It's what I always called them growing up as a little kid-- Spanish)
If you ain t help with the foundation stay away when the roof is up
Success is never a straight shot, but I'm fully loaded so it don't matter.
Exactly, all it does is keep you from having to repeat content just to prove you've done it on another toon.
I'm pulling lawn tickets at Alpine Valley for #phish. WTF is this.
Ha ha... that's a good way of looking at who may be watching this early! RT : To my friends on the east coast at the gym & my...
need any help with that?
Who likes revolving doors?
I am ready for MayDay! But must rest first.
Hard Work Pays off !!
does she realize that our books are due next Wednesday? I don't think she does.
as soon as i read about charlie sheen's comeback with his new show anger management, i find out it's getting sued for $50mil...figures
GO TEAM CHALLENGE!! I'm running Kona this Sunday!
Oh yeah, no problem! :)
RIP Adam Yauch. Thanks for all the anthems to our youth.
#libya #gaddafi This is just horrible.
sending love <33
help get me signed interscope records AGT tyour hired
no I'm not really going to #deathray your grandmother
aw thanks. And no. That all my hair. Lol
Interesting point--But what happens when race and class interact? Can race and class be genuinely treated independently?
So fun, thanks for joining us.
Season tickets here I come...
I think it should be a law that everyone has to have a cat, even if you are allergic to them! They're just so darn cute!🐱❤
who do you think is the best player on the team then?
they probably rented the confetti and had to return or pay a late fee
Here goes tryna explain what this country is that she made up
: Visit Madison, WI! Tons of beer heaven in a 50mi radius of here. Come to Verruckte Stadt.
congrats on j paul winning. That's what's up! The whole fam won something tonite. Go Pacers & J Paul!
Huntsman: We owned 25% of the world's manufacturing in 1963. Now at 9%
In order to impact the world with the Diann Valentine brand, she knew TV was always in her plan.
Thanks to my top Retweeters this week:
is now followed by 'How amusing'. In Great company w/ Curious if John Waters joins the party too!
Shout out to the wazobia report from b. Thurston here at sxswi!
with a negative association between appearance orientation and general self-efficacy,
Thats for sure. Working out gets those #endorphins going. Great for the body and the mind.
The people behind us must not have been to Mass for awhile. They said "And also with you" every time.
Sent an email but it bounced back! Is there another address through which I can contact you? (perhaps via DM) Thanks!
that ieducator person reckons students achieve more when they accept that failure can sometimes occur. Canny article
One direction came to play for iCarly and during practice Harry drank from Carly's water bottle not knowing she had
next time!
You could print it out ;)
#SuperBowlOrBust RT : and that may NOT be only the 2nd 1st quarter TD for the Browns all season.
u write thatbio i never got the email..and im by one now
Please give our pals at Scofflaw a like.
OMG. The judges on #toddlers&tiaras I know two of them. One I competed with and the other one is a pageant director I know
Is it from the angle of teen heroines surviving in the wild while having trouble connecting to other humans?
#shoutout to my new follower
Left over Cheesecake Factory for breakfast? yes:)
Headed to work with some one special on my mind.. *lata
Trenches execution, mercy execution still great game types!
That's what a MVP should do is make the big shot.... Or is that jus me... LeBron James
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are at T-Mobile Call Center for Lunch Service until 2PM.
Went to seminar by Nick Wareham today on gene-lifestyle interactions in diabetes: diet and exercise are harder to measure now than genes.
Peg at has the best ideas!
Thanks for the retweets.
Accidentally mistook my thumb as part of the apple I was slicing. BLOOD. EVERYWHERE.
nother much. Did u all get your numbers yet?
My 1st thought on hearing it was "Sting has a new album out...?" Then I realized it was someone else. But I still wasn't sure!
im loving our conversation hahahah <3
He at work now I get to take my nap don't call or text me before 8
There's no place like home. Great weekend with family but so happy to be HOME!
Galleys available next week! And we'll send to Barbara stat.
Thats where the money goes, you're right. RT : ← Upgrade one of these, Oh wait....... #sorry I forgot....
I Highly Pissed .
A fever dream of the Old West, with a nod to the Coen Bros. and Pulp Fiction - The Sisters Brothers by Patrick DeWitt
Have you looked at Morrco.com? They have custom fits. Haven't personally used but I've heard good things
It's never a proper margarita w/o Grand Marnier & a hit of Cointreau!!
Thank you for donating over $17,000 to the Nurse-Family Partnership program for Mother's Day.
i mean u can cum with me 2mrrw
What? Sunday almost over?
YES YOU TOO. im just shocked Guf is actually following thru with this. feels surreal haha! i kno i can count on you to come home!
ABDC re-runs(:
They ask the kids if they want to go to school or come to a game...they said come to the game, that's weather day.
Agreed! RT : I hate college overtime rules. Boise State kicker misses again, Boise D has no chance to keep Nev out FG range.
Kid's foot not broken. Sprained metatarsophalangeal joint(s)? and may have bruised ends of bones. Has special slipper and advil.
The other day I listened to the Beatles' White Album with someone who doesn't really know it. His take: "It's kind of a mess."
Dictator time. My prediction is that it will be Aladeen.
please send your questions and comments along to and we will be glad to assist you in any way...Cheers!
I hate this.
only to discover that it was an old version, and that while it claimed sync was working fine, it wasn't actually syncing.
Lol none of my mescans sending those happy Cinco de mayo texts during the day tho.
I think it's right next to Macarthur Park
that phone # isn't working???
so true..I tried to login in yesterday and twitter said someone in the UK was on my account 😒😔😖 some ppl need to 🙏
Being told, "Happy birthday!" at a goth club has been the highlight of my weekend so far.
IF YOUR INFORMATION HAS BEEN COMPROMISED, BUT NOT YET MISUSED, DO YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO?
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something in your life.
Hi, we are getting ready to release a line of Tees in the next couple of months!
Chris Brown live is eppic!
Updated the show flyers, and illustration sections of my Behance portfolio.
singing surfertards<3 = singing = surfing = retards but the good way<333
are you serious!? I fcking hate being judged when i state my opinions. tell them to fuck off.
Found out today I get to do a likeness Head of Debra Lamb.
i steal bithes not pussy too many hoes giving it away
I am having no problem updating pics. maybe it is a browser issue. Try holding down shift and press reupload page before updating
Excited to have Sponsorist as one of the Florida startups in the Partnership
shit boo I miss you :(
LeRoy Walker was a man of Olympian achievement - Chicago Tribune
ah I known my girl since 2010 and our date is 2012 and we are in love !
Thank you! :) Same back to you sir.
anytime dear :)
Anyone else doing Windy City Pulp & Paper in Lombard? Heading there tomorrow.
I wish Mel Gibson had flirted with a singing career like Bruce Willis. Aunty Entity and Mad Max duet, anyone?
Talk That Talk To Me...
4M is saving people a lot on insurance, find out what we can do for you. www.4minsurancesolutions.com
Lastly, other CQ Today story behind paywall covers HSGAC hearing on U.S. defenses against biological weapons and what's wrong with 'em.
my pacers hanging in thier victor with your heat :)
don't worry he has enemies here too!
Office is closed . Should be open tomorrow
I do! lmao
Pretty stoked on using my beautiful 3 hose hookah tonight. Haven't used it in a min. Best thing my ex boy ever bought me.
#Pinterest is a greater crack-like time killer than
In recognition of the 10th anniversary of 9/11, consider posting your personal intention/tribute on 911day.org.
Sometimes i forget i have a phone;p.
It appears Romney is racing toward a win in the Washington State caucuses.
Thanks for the LIKE Julie!
RT : Kicking off Drupal Day in 30 min. Join us in the Market Street Room #12NTCDrupal ... so it begins
no the back seat does not protect you from anything! Put that darn seatbelt on
Hey Gabe! If I'm not speaking @ Emerging Media Conf, I'll come to Gsummit. Gamification has big role in startup I'm launching.
True intimacy developes over time, Trust is built over a track record.
as I said nigga pls u can't do shit so whatever u are gonna do am waiting. :)
YES I AM ..I'M DOING GREAT AND MY BOOKINGS HAVE SKY ROCKET!! I'M ALSO W CHOP SHOP RADIO AND WANTED TO GET A 10 MINUTE INTERVIEW
hahahaha like she was lookin for the clap tho? Nah
I have done this before. And yes the outcome led to a argument lol
great, we will make sure to capture some good quotes and questions for you.
All is good
Thanks for the monster RT!
I hope my nephew don't be makin all that noise this morning when I'm trynna sleep!
Well, they are exchanging my iPad with a new one past the exchange date. And… (cont.)
Rooney Mara's like, "Jesus, Ryan, shut up about the dress already!"
Ya know, i really do like being hyper active. It makes my marriage very snappy. I guess that's why i love Peppe La pew cartoons
Major California youth hockey news - LA Hockey Club/Selects has merged with LA Jr Kings. ... More to come
if students did this kind of event for themselves, they'd learn a ton. it'd be even more meaningful coming from peers
where did you get your ghost powder? How was it?
Still time to see Utopia and Caucus at the Stoner Theatre!
43- 0 bet that S/O to Mayweather. Cotto gets respect but no no mas wins
Ha! All hail the Green Bean! Love it. I think you're on to something with the worship of coffee beans...
This nigga said yu like nicki minaj right i said yea then he said well put my dick in yo face cause uu nt ugly
got you my son #Ready4It the #mixtapeoftheyear Hosted by
To sum up Romney: first God created Adam, then Eve, then Adam&Eve, LLC.
"The Future of Thinking" is also available as a free Kindle download...
You gonna win the #firefly contest?
I'm moving to another state
"for safety you can't bring cameras into the comcast center" no kiss it's just you that don't want us to have cameras or food or water >.>
i'll just post ones that i took without makeup on.<33
Coming this week on the blog: 1 You no longer want to be "just friends". Now what? 2 Dealing w/ someone who says you're "overly emotional"
I thought #oomf looks so different
lol mine to yeah im in Maryland now decided to move wasnt shit in Michigan for me
Middle Class uh y eah the COSBY FAMILY
first I read your new name as 'popet cetera'
Bummer, I guess you don't have to call the KiddChris show on Fri anymore. That station is GONE. Sad day in Portland.
Yes, yes, and Jobs is turning over in his grave, blah blah blah, WHAT CAN IT DO FOR ME NOW?!?!
who's that ?
Bringing in The New Year in Key West
FOLLOW US. it's our 11:11 wish <333
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn
The Wednesday evening uninstructed workshop starts next Wednesday 27 April. Not tonight!
Chillin in Hartford with Wednesday...
would you play fullback or the tightens position?
Boom boom boom :P
Why can't you just make me smile and follow me?
(i'm thinking you should do a gal night showing for your series of sketches from haiti.)
#chuuch RT : When you have a setback, don't step back. God is preparing you for an ultimate comeback.
Im so fucking annoyed right now -__-
Hello Delana thank you for the follow.
I'm so sad to give up my ol' truck :(
my DVR is filled with unwatched 2-hr episodes, oh well... RT : x factor is cancelled... this makes me chuckle..
I never seen it lol
Wore my bathing suit and didn't realize the water park isn't open yet 
And i never had a job you know i had to sell Yae. Bitch ima boss I call the shots, Im with the murda team call the cops
Took the #Facebook timeline plunge and am pleasantly surprised how user friendly it is!
At Brian's house ! Bout to get this shit crackin!!!
Why does it feel like those who give in , they only wind up losing a friend ...
Aw, thanks Rachel! I miss all you Point Lomans. How's this semester treating you? RT : because of you, i enjoy the news.
Why won't my body let me sleep in? -.-'
You need to follow me so I can send you direct messages.
You shouldn't call LeBron a #DelNegro, that's racist!!
I'd just leave it as Madonna. she's a pretty good singer. rihanna would've been good too though.
JELLO I MEAN HELLO
that's pretty good. What'd you do?
leaving Columbus, Ohio (INCREDIBLE time at #loex2012 & our hostel) & & I are to Philly for the day before going back home to NYC!!!
Heading to Dayton, Ohio for WGI championships for a few days with Golden High School. In the meantime for #Denver news ...
Never love anything that can't love you back. Bruce Williams
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green! What are you doing to be #Green?
What does '5/5 rts' mean? This is probably a stupid question but I see every ones doing it :/
Thx! Followed back :)
How many Baltimoreans watching #kitchennightmares now?
There is no loyalty in this business. I give you everything you ask for. Then, when I ask for something you act like your doing me a favor.
Listening to Amanda Perez...
RT : I just need two more followers to reach 1,000 help me out by retweeting this
what is it?
IMHO value of facebook "like" - Qualified potential for engagement w/ fan & their friends, value assigned once fan engages; trackable
Taking the kiddos to my parents today to drop them off for the week of spring break.
Follow For tips and advice she's awesome with that
We make the most adorable couple ever. I hope he realizes that too<3
sounds fucking amazing! Asdfghjkl I LOVE your natural voice!<3
I think I hit my whiskey azimuth yesterday, one more and I'd be in a ton of pain today
Nothing says “I suck at technology” more than a sideways profile picture.
She was up at 5. Didn't take a nap. Such a long long day.
Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid. - Basil King
What you're now describing has nothing to do with you being an artist. It has to do with a shitty comm policy. Just unsub.
In the end, all #Brewers roads lead to Kottaras.
Happy 8 months anniversary to my ugly prince and I :* ♥ IX.IX.XI
Once I figure out how to do this mobile-ly (which is how I'm sure most people do it) I'll be in deep doo-doo.
z g'night!
Guess imma jusss go to sleep ..
Newt Gingrich dropped out of the Presidential race...now we can all go do a happy dance!!!
Good start fellas! #WeAreMarquette!
FLORENCE AND RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE MIGHT BE WORTH IT
Can't wait to get my third and final cookies!!!
Segment has many competitors and a low barrier to entry...social coupons.
yes,yes i will keep twweting (:
Thanks! I'm super excited to shoot Mifflin again
SANDAG Board hears #OtayRanch developers state the purchase of #SouthBayExpressway as "six lanes for the price of two!"
Last call came right when my patience ran out with a certain person. I love when things work out.
dude! guess whuuuut!
Finna hop on the xbox while my computer is reformating, haven't been on it in a month due to work
Love that they sent out a wedding-style Save the Date for this.
which one
#newyeariscoming what are you doing to celebrate? In my homeland, Germany, it's Saint Sylvester night, the most elegant holiday of the year!
I believe Nolan is alive ! C'on now
Pick #15: - Fractals, Googols, and Other Mathematical Tales by Theoni Pappas - Covers: real numbers, exponents, dimensions, & geometry :)
"Did you hear Whitney Houston died? That's why you shouldn't do drugs." R.I.P Whitney Houston
have you even met me?! lol
hey man, you're coming to LA soon to play some music, no? When?
Shoshana Bean is a great soulful singer I am working with this week. Think Amy Winehouse meets John Mayer... Check her out
ur movie is the best!!!!!!!! I love u!!! Follow me? !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
you are rocking the natural fro.
What a game by the NIU Huskies! Congrats on winning the MAC Championship
No 1 knows what it means but its proactive...
I burn then.... BURN.
Lmao! I'm "suppose" to start today! But you know how that go
Wow...great drive ... great pass and catch for a TD... refs still suck ... Come on Detroit Lions Defense need a stop!
Work is getting in the way of my words with friends game.
yow mi an my cousin eat sum kfc chicken
Just saw THE ARTIST at The Paramount. A B/W silent movie set in 1920s Hollywood, a love letter to Hollywood + film art. Sublime.
Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God? 1 John 5:5
somebody's got to.
This is really tough to watch.
yes also you should have a band on the side that wants to get a contract! ;)
Liked it. It rocked. But Collared is a good word for Sherlock Holmes Game of Shadows. Let them off their leashes. Here's to the third one!
are you going to gabriels?
*slaps back of head* No i did not ! stop the madness
wtf what the hell was that for?
“: I have a particular set of skills.”
whats the name of the place we had your wedding brunch?
I took the liberty of proposing a name. It should be called. Mellow, Marsh-Mellow (in a James bond kind of way)
LOL!RT : The #iPhone4S will have a feature known as "Tony Romo" where the phone has no rings, and shuts down without warning.
A great estate plan will offer you peace of mind, but it's primarily for the benefit of your loved ones. Estate planning seminars in Feb!
Damn Cali is beautiful
RT : Facebook 1 Billion buyers? Who cares? says Having the most exciting 1000 peeps on the list is the key.
Today's workout P90X2 Recovery and Mobility. I'm actually going to do this for the first time today. Usually I rest on Wednesdays.
Michael Rosenberg: Filling out the 2012 sports calendar
I agree with this lol god times RT I'm going to keep it for laughs. Lol
1 more year till graduation then I can be free...
LOVING my new agent! <3 MO Artist Agency!
would you happen to know? RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
Check out my blog at www.michellebradsher.com
Phillies Home Opener!
Yes thank you! I was just scared.
i see you making that money!
He's a quiet leader who leads through his play and not his words
some of us still think, before we write... i know for a fact that real Emceeing is still appreciated.... TIME TO RISE UP !
Why is it when you are the only customer in a restaurant, it takes forever to get someone to wait on you? Huh?
Hey #ATL Art of Seduction tonight! #RhythmaStudios the spott to be hott.
thanks to all of our new followers - we hope you spread the word about our new site. we're growing daily! www.bartenderme.com
this week around thusday
I'm proud to be working with & to launch &
Say Hi for me! :) I think there are two at #smbfw from #usffw so we have a decent group there.
We gave up everything to tour and play music.
Wassup man! Met you w/ - #follow back
I miss ya blue!!!
Very Cool!
Whoa, you can buy David Beckham's body at H&M!?!
No matter where I go I know where I came from :)
~ When I was pregnant with my daughter, I dreamt once that when I delivered her she was a CAT, and once that she had a goatee!
when I was 9 #orioles put in OF Larry Harlow to pitch and the expansion Blue Jays protested - didn't know position players could pitch
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
they would trade coaches in a heartbeat. They're so jealous of Calipari, they can't stand it.
Now family time! There is nothing better!
she was strung out and didnt want the responsibility. Sad but happens a lot.
AHAHAHA priceless analogy. Don't get good shit like that from the MSM!
Wanna join us and be in a parade in Version Fest? Meet us at Yollocalli at 1130. :)
New reviews posted at www.triskelionsociety.com
Interest rates on credit cards are often lower than penalties and interest charged by the IRS on overdue taxes.
I guess I'm about to get ready for bed...
: Actually when I was outside the room I thought someone was strangling a crow
im am not!!! Lol
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Woke up about 30 min to an hr ago and can't go back to sleep.
lol they are everywhere. :-)
Thanks Will! Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Pray for Eddie and Britt who walked with me yesterday 7 miles. They couldn't make it today - legs were hurting!
95 math problems due by Thursday?
So i really really want to follow me i freakin love him i will scream so loud if he do 😍😍😍
“: Craving sushi -__-”
About to hit up kings island with & , super late, hah.
Lizard Brain - Afraid I won't find fulfilling Work. Left Brain: I'll learn the material / fit in. Right Brain: I'll give and receive value
Bhagavad Gita~ God is seated in the hearts of all.
Kim Burrell is singing right now at the HEP sponsored Gospel Fest. Biblically correct Gospel in a splendid jazz voice! Check her out!
But as a Journalist ... would you really tell?
Dinner and classes tonight at our Castleton Midweek Connection. Dinner at 5:30 ($5 over 12yr old) and classes at 6:30.
MINDS: Woodward believes students can create real work that is public and worthwhile. Portfolios could be useful.
S/o to for the follow.
Feel free to stop by with If you have a timeframe we can make sure we get you samples of our menu.
Nice little skate sesh today at the park with my boys and Al. T!!
well wasn't that sassy of you?
I had a forest green and pink, not as bad, but certainly not good.
YES YES YES
I did make it to see your Momma :-( ... But the Bellagio buffet was great :-)
RT what's the point of advertising HSPA+ as "4G" if no one can actually use it?
": omg who were you talking to?? i love you both"we r all getting married
RT : Congrats to #Badgers senior Kyle Jefferson for winning President's Award for work with SAESO and SAAC
yeah that's how I caught up I would have lost by one or two, I think, but it subtracted your last tile from your score and Bam. Tie
gl, hope you get some sun & some chips :)
This guy told me I should sell my genes on ebay cuz I look goo for having 2 kids lmao #bestlineever NOT!
My bracket is really taking some hits today. :( ... that's okay. I have #Starbucks and The Hunger Games Soundtrack. Redemption! :)
YRG / Q&A are an added bonus to the superticket photo/autos (best value), general admission is the alternative ticket option
“: Fill in the blank: "My favorite thing to grill is _______!" RT with your answer!” Brats and Kraut! Gotta represent WI!
I wish u would tell us when u go off twitter so we know
i was workin
Maybe will have a twitter party 2mrrw :D
that's so rad, thank you, much appreciated
Not much longer now, May 8th is so close! #AmankeDionti RT : I am looking forward to this CD!
Do you have a reasonable accommodation policy to comply with the Americans With Disability Act?
"Center for Naval Analysis" - didn't these folks know what that would sound like?
thanks Rick :)
Goodmorning Seattle! Enjoy your day!
#tulips New crop available in Washington state
Meryl is too sweet and Tom Cruise is channelling Top Gun era hotness! Good ending
No way! The #dancemoms were at Sansha?! That's across the street from me!
So Tim mad ? Lol
The Welcome Guide is amazing! Congrats
Me too. I'm going to have to think about this.
nothing's wrong with fangrling! we do it all the time (:
U a hater! Lmao! U know that would be dope... One last time man.
Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you, LJ.
I Just Wanna Say i LOVE
Good morning FBs and Tweets! I just woke up so I can say that.... :) Good day!
what email address can I reach you at? -Adam
to the US btr+1D concert.
You save my life with every word you say
Tell us which races you've signed up for this year! What's your favorite length of race to compete in?
#artpolitics an intimate public is a shared negotiated interestedness
Is orange the new tan?
Thanks for coming and for the nice tweet!
your not stupid Bro your just a whore
Don't get me wrong, I like #Newt a lot, but if he can't finish 1st or 2nd in TN or OK, how is he going to win AL or MS?
yeah you gotta be fresh and get passed by two other tours
The Paradox:Christianity seeks the God that existed before Christianity.
#imagine Austin:Somtimes,the only reason i stay quiet&sit&stare&smile is becuz i still cnt believe how beautiful u r&how lucky i am -anna
I am a talking dog! ;) otherwise, how would I have a Twitter?
I was just reading about Etta James and I guess she spent some of her early teenage years in the Fillmore district. I had no idea!
Hungry waiting on food from Rocko's Pizza
I think you get better seats than i do!!
Woo!!!!! ohh hahah its really catchy reminds me of Spice Girls lol so now you tell me some of your favs?! LOL
So glad to b home! It has been one long weekend especially on one leg!
honey badger eats snakes!
Starting a betting pool for tommorrow night, based on carl leaving some cables, a guitar, or even his amp. Odds are pretty good. Who's in??
Chris #Drury.. well done.
"11 Minutes Ago" Was ok, its not on Primer level.
Good morning fellow tweeters, I promise not to be selling anything this morning. Life is good.
Then follow me. Back lol
Y Attempt Wen Da Effort U Make Ain Appreciated
Going to my first meeting today! Super excited. :)
My break has been so amazing so far :)
Who is #FreeMarc and what happen?
Our Boom Bangers were so very choice last night! Excited to discover some more dirty gems the next couple days.
Olbermann compares himself 2 an expensive chandelier.. Hmm hanging from the rafters & not normally very bright, yep that's him
#ogw Seattle PD sees that release of crime and 911 data will save time and money answering media calls and others.
Thanks for a great #smwpolitics panel!! Glad I have twitter to take notes for me :-)
I WANNA GO!!!! HAHA
you failed ? :|
tell shme about chit whadda de odds we had to be born like this? Eh eh eh, and everyone we know too, like a tribe!
you from w.i.t?
Depends upon where you live.
Hey:D
Happy Easter! & remember "My God's not dead he's surely ALIVE. "
Opening Day of baseball season from Tokyo in 3 hrs, 13 min. Still don't know how I'm gonna see/hear it, but the all-nighter's in full effect
Thanks again for participating. How was bracketology?
Was there wine in your weekend? Words of wine wisdom: "What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?" ~ W. C. Fields
You're just figuring out that SNL is sub-par now? LOL! ;P
Nocturnal life >
Insecurity will always rent the space it occupies, but confidence will own the building, and any other room it steps in!
well not really but he wastes so much time and paper and he thinks I'm really stupid and disregards any answers I give.
I'm going toMadrid, Barcelona & Toledo! For one week. Ideas on must-sees? Besides the really tourist-y things like the Royal Palace, etc
loved that fucking td celebration today your the man
#WhatToExpectWhenYoureExpecting and #Battleship I fear the pregnant women more than the aliens.
I honestly can't stand commercials
aight. Well first, me and Morgan are joking. Second, you came into ME and MORGAN'S convo. And three, I can tweet what I want.
congrats! I forgot we were so close -- Bill and I celebrated yesterday. Not up to your record yet though.
CD Release party tonight @ Katerina's for The Rose Colella Trio's new album "Small Hours" 10-1 katerinas.com
follow me!
so tim tebow is writing a memoir...at 23...really? guess i can finally look for a publisher for my 7 yr olds autobio
I'm @ Marriott, lobby bar ... Perhaps one, I'm @ Crystal Gateway
I'm giving up hope of getting a birthday shoutout from you! (yes, it's my birthday too) <3
yep. You all ok up there?
rebel against one thing and you're normal, rebel against 2 and you're cynical, 3 you're scatterbrained, any more and you're insane.
thanks so much for tweets. Great to meet you!
It feels good 2 B free"Single"out with my girls! & brother-in-law. thanks 4 the "Mary j tickets!" Was Last minute but no regrets!
me too!
I spent too much of my 20s in basements watching Kevin Smith movies...
is eating cookies n' watching da Bulls!
RT Should note that Aquilani isn't coming back to the Premier League unless Juve decides not to exercise their option.
Dancing around in my swimsuit... Admiring my tan. Lmao
Loading in for "Hercules Furens" at the Getty Villa with . Such a beautiful place to perform!
Referring to me as Princess Middleton when I want things my way is HARDLY an insult
Some of the strongest actors are the ones who are constantly doing theatre and constantly training! ~ Royal Watkins
like not.go lol
Blessed beyond measure .......
Extemporaneous Speaking - 5th place - Brent Heard
Got my Salsa Dance Midterm today. I'm sure it will go well....I hope.
Drake, my nigga
Andres Nodl loaned to Phantoms, Ryan Howard called up to Flyers after Valdez hipcheck.
Today hasn't been day. Now has no plans because of you
I vote for installing a "napping room" in the office for a quick, post-lunch nap.
if they were scared of teeth, the probably wouldn't have any.
Are u serious right now? What's next?
Whoooaaaaaa. Sleeping medication is kicking in. night!
RT : To find your author name, take your 1st and last names, write a book, get it published and read the name on the cover.
#3rd String open @
Did I mention that he is like late 50s and she is late 20s?
ok here in CO
Pure Leaf Iced Tea(TM) Launches &quot;For the Love of Leaves&quot; Campaign And Partners ... - MarketWatch (press release)
i need to but in waiting for this lady to come back....and you're sweet
send it fam but I'm not playing records for #heatfromthestreet tomorrow...doing somethin for the moms out there on mother's day
gotta love NYC!
Scott Pilgrim vs the World was loosely based on the life of Our Hero, fighting off jilted ex-recruits on the way to Madison.
Stephen Wolfram demonstrated his Wolfram Alpha product (similar to the YouTube video presentation-- check it out). [Sorry no link]
we live in MKE and he loves the Brewers. Braun is his fav player on either team! He partly wore Cubs stuff to make me happy!
the trashy people that go #downtown every night and think their hot shit.
umm nope. ha
Next year sounds great!
#LTBroadcasts "It appears that the Chinese Nationalist Government is starting to make headway against the communists" (4/28/31)
I wish I could retweet this 1000 times. RT My cats sure are good at going to the bathroom.
the oh so sexy said to ask YOU when the 2/29 show's meet & greet will be. Share? #fanwholosthercookies :(
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips North Ave is the not the place for a lovely midnight stroll!
I think i'm Deleting my account. #mahomies are forgetting what being a #mahomie really means. i will still support <3
RT : Fun day @ work + Bodysurfing = A Great Day! <- sounds awesome! Enjoy and make sure you wear sunscreen!
So now that we're all on one accord (aka living spiritually & adhering to religious morals), let's lift up the non-believers.
Finally!!! Dodgers are going down #SFGiants all the way
This is only funny if they still have a Scroll Lock key.
I'm also not sure #teebowing is gonna go over well in this market!
I'm not laughing anymore seriously. K see you Saturday.
Archeologist: someone whose career lies in ruins.
Did you know that My Sinatra originated as a PBS Special?
can't wait for the show at IOTA with the band on Tuesday! it's gonna be rocktastic (i think that's a flinstones word)
Over $500 Million A Day spent 100% at risk on advertising each day in US. We are about to change that at TopsInAmerica.com Zero Risk for All
Oh hi there! Don't forget: we're at The Grove in Elm Grove tomorrow night, 7pm-11pm!
what does a free model suggest? I send you clothing so you can wear them and send me pics, hence free clothing
"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me. - Robert Frost, ""Cluster of Faith,"" 1962"
Fox broadcaster just said Bosio threw a no-hitter for the Brewers... Seriously? Idiot.
I dont blame you!!
Dogue de Bordeaux...awesome!!!
yeah. that makes sense...
Well, I feel like a fuckin douche bag bc I saw the security tip over with his eyes closed from the chair -_-
peeps for breakfast, probably not the best idea
Mom ain't around but s/o to my girl for being a great mom and my dad for playing both parts!
SERENITY NOW! Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
will get on that ASAP..
Da WHIFT of such a bad spirit frm a particular person(s) temp me to GO IN. BUT dat wud be moving backwards & Lord u have brought me forward.
Awww, me too! Was just talking about this tonight!
Itchy Sand >_<
thank you for your help. Yes your feedback was helpful and it'll definitely improve the script.
Lopez: "Ava was too short to reach the garbage can. I just remember her looking at me when I lifted her up & she had the biggest smile."
“: Just sucks that we have to play Game 7 in Oklahoma. #Allin #Mavs” ---- Hahahahahha
Serving most of #Houston , #TX region with the most detailed #homeinspectionreports available. :D
I'm so glad to hear it! Congrats!
Michele Bachman, very disappointing. At this rate America Barack Obama will serve another 4 years www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Hey there!! Thanks for following me!!
That moment when you call to wake her up and you forget talks for her voicemail....
It is HUGE! I can't believe it's taken me so long to see it. My parents were in town so I got some sightseeing in. :)
Road trippin with and on the way to Boston, never been there so I'm pumped
omg. so much to tell you today
A factoring company can determine the credit worthiness of your client using many different credit models or reports.
on a cochair flight w Alaska Air...Horrible communication-horrible experience. Would've made diff plans had known.
tough game, tough game haha
"Moonpie Muhammad"....classic.
It's just you.
I'd rather pick a bug up and throw it outside than kill it.
Dear Lord, please keep my son safe on his trip to San Antonio with his class...and keep my loved ones I love and care for safe ...<3
I will be giving in to your famous warm cheese biscuits come Friday night!
my sole motivation for this is to do what's natural for the human body. if we have to supplement and fortify our foods...
Your boring to talk to now....
Instead of the world ending I wonder what it would be like if the entire population practiced the Golden Rule all at once for 24 hours.
Total basketcase after having to reprimand my baby girl who isn't such a baby anymore..ugh so it begins
nuthing really you?
I didn't know about him is he coming to Ky the transfer from NCS
It's time to start telling our stories
check out my YouTube page YouTube.com/92AdrianB
Tix on from LAX to Vegas for $30!?!
o I was there on that rainy day..bring me some to LA mmk thanks
It's still early in the #MLB season but if the #Angels keep quiet at the plate it's gonna be a long season!
watching scandalABC for the first time. Really enjoying it!
follow me back? maybe today's the day!
the shit they gave me totally did not work lmao 😣
thats mine right;)
WE ARE NOT PLAYING A SPORT!!!!!!!!!
Strange night. Cable is out and using my Vzw hotspot to connect to the net.
trade boozer he is a waste
Upside, the office has de-fridged itself. Downside, it's kind of a sauna now.
Girls lacrosse: Catonsville holds off Towson - Baltimore Sun
Can't sleep but hopes to soon be dreaming of "Rico Suave"
Their time to shine.
congrats now there's only bigger and better things to come.now go crazy girl lol 👏🎓
Congratulations to Tim Bishop, John Shartzer, James Lebrun, Josh Chavez, and Jayden Hazel for booking the PetCare Commercial! Great Job!
is licensed to drive. a motorcycle. vrooooooooooooooom!
k @ someone from japan trying to login to my gmail account and being blocked
Muller: WB in final stages of updating policies to become full, Libre OA institution. All pubs, all data, immediate OA
The site looks fine w/o the images though. Maybe better.
How the hell did I miss seeing Thomas Dolby at Tipitina's last night?
wow really
BAL Mgmt congratulates Zerasia Armani Z Howard. Zerasia landed a principle role in the SAG feature film"When Love was Simple" - in ATL.
AppleTekGuru....We Think Different.....We truley care for our customers and their Apple products!
Ah! I wasnt aware that was u they were always referring to. Hopefully your lawyer uses the chewbacca defense to get u off the hook!
Mgk got some nerve to come to miami with a cleveland shirt on and "claim" that fruity pebbles will beat THE GREAT ONE
thanks for the retweets! only thing we like more than meatballs is t-shirts and beer.
you have the greatest family ever love them! Love you😊
looking forward to your tweets! happy tuesday!
Does anyone else ever get excited about their sammiches?
Can't wait til tomorrow!!
trust me its not a sad song.
What do you mean? You mean ppl thank you for voting in Wisconsin too?
I NEED TO GET BACC IN SCHOOL THIS WEEK
if only i could take care of my phones that good lol
Wow. This 55-inch LG OLED TV gets close to indistinguishable-from-magic status.
So used to night sessions , different look & feel when the sun is still out
here's the other follower I promised! -
ok lets see this Sor-Rob-Mo in action.
Every time I hear Don't Go Away by Oasis, I'm overwhelmed with memories from my years as a young writer. It still moves and inspires me.
This bed is a cloud.
If audience is thinking it, you should be writing it.
I am Def Still UP..
An interesting recent goal: "Stop buying handbags." The person committed to buy only one new bag every quarter! stickK works for everything!
What do you think? Are there better targets for #ows anger than , and ? Or are they spot-on?
#mikeM <<<<<<where are these guys?
so damn true, man. Masterfully put.
LOL at my leg hair....
Respect your resources; when you waste food, it speaks volumes about the way you treat your resources.
don't remind me :(
does steve have twitter?
Girl, it was so real.
lol should I try them?
was it awesome?! T
life needs more Fridays
John Farnham - Age of Reason
RT : That would be ! We're glad you enjoyed it!
I wasn't aware it was homeless guys every two blocks Saturday? No I don't have any chicken nuggets in my pocket.
My phone's gonna die :( #nobueno oh well it was worth it. :)
Drop-crotch pants make me feel so butch.
Farragut North or West?
Get 2 good practices in first. I wish we'd get you some touches.
I'm waiting for the "Harry Reid School of Public Speaking" to open up myself!
i want too but school tomorrow :(
Im wide awake for some reason need to take my butt to bed
yes! #TNI meetup in San Diego. So down!
ok nighty night
trying to get back tomorrow, but leave again Sun. Busy, busy travel schedule.
with any luck tomorrow. The veggie RV is being picked up from San Jose tomorrow.
I think I'll go with Scrooged. Then Christmas Vacation.
Good show today! We'll have pictures and stuff soon!
Sending all our best wishes your way. Still amazed by your typing abilities.
I presented on an AAM panel with your director today. Seems like a great fellow!
omg ahahahahaha!! Wow.
Thanks for the #FF love!
I've seen the videos. You're mom is the bomb. Don't hate; appreciate. If Ma Boycrazy endorses pt's, they are the shit.
Sitting in a Burger King that is playing Bright Eyes. Quite surreal.
Do you think it helps or hurts #iubb if Xavier makes this a game? Sometimes it can kill the crowd if 1st game is a thriller.
My Adobe PS CS4 finally died after a power surge shut down my PC. I could re-install, but with CS6 just released I'll take it as a sign.
To dye my hair or not to dye my hair.
I don't know he does it a lot
Miss you Kyle!!! I need to come watch you play! I'll come visit ASAP k! :) and again for sure in sept for alumni game lol
I'm fascinated! Where? What? How?
that was too long and corney...can you cut it out tho?!!!
How Many RAPPERS Are Really READY To INVEST Your TIME & MONEY In Your Career? If That's You, GET AT ME! If Not, Just Keep Watching.
sucks at this being a girlfriend thing. ugh
Dan loves this stuff! RT honored to hear ' Dan Simons & so many others @ Food/Restaurant panel
My bed is going to feel amazing
awww !! I miss you more!! We both need to have a day off to hangout !! So sad I missed #teenmom2 lastnight :(
I feel like something good is going to happen to me today
Just want to RT everything says
way to call the question.
"In 2006 Judge Wilson penned a children's book called Hot House Flowers, which was an allegory for illegal immigration..."
Ill give you a 1$ if you grab her booty
“: "When I run, I feel like _______________"” Evolution. :)
Food Fact of the Day: March 2,1904 Dr. Seuss was born. Who wants some
I will say this slowly so there is no misunderstanding. Romney will NEVER, EVER beat Obama. Questions?
“: If he won't play with your hair #getridofhim”
i have a full tank of gas, and nothing to do. let the adventures begin.
uh oh! Chipotle is not the best...
NCAA! 2 points for UCONN. Celebrate with our 2-pack brownie bites.
Missing all the fun in botany to work on newspaper <<<<<<<<<<<
Floyd banged him out in the 12th round, gr8 fight much respect 2 both 117-111 Floyd, that is exactly wht I predicted, lets C wht judges hve
Bored as hell.
Lol! i hear you
Kate has FINALLY joined twitter - Welcome!
#ICantStandPeople who are fake.
Wisconsin got lucky again. You gotta tell your boys to join the QB transfer party.
If you want my opinion, compensate me if you value it. What won't I do for a chance at at IPad?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When in Hollywood, don't turn into a prick.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 42F FAIR
flush limbaugh...what happens when you're potty trained with a bull whip... a neurotic sociopathic megalomaniacle reprobate
I want fucking sushi, it's been like 2 or 3 days since the last time? That is way too long 😱!
What do you think ? RT : Maybe Cox Communications could donate some help?
that is so wrong, you are to me the most beautiful woman I've seen period, no close 2nd's
I thought about going to McDonald's tonight and didn't
J.Cole #sidelinestory hot
Enjoying a nice cinnamon mocha and getting some work done thanks to Caribou Coffee's free WiFi.... Back to #slaleads in a few.
you need to worry about your show ratings
I miss you!!! Have fun in Rochester!!
#outdoors We just hiked the Lake Winfield Scott Slaughter Gap trail again for the 2nd time. Perfect day trip!
i like you better then jess
lol yea, I'll be at school tommorow thou
The work never stops...
Hey, it's Brodus! Are they gonna wheel out Bryan to get squashed twice?
Ok ok ok get it right , im not a bitch , i jus speak my mind if i dont like you , maybe i am a bitch ;)
"you had dicks on the ceiling. you Fucked it up" Fred da Godson
Tonight's Red Sox-Yankees gm has been postponed due to inclement weather.
So tired
Where to go next for a PBR?...
All Disney'd out, fun times, you never forget your childhood!
Sleepless in the badlands...
Living in the past prevents you from living in the present.
Opening Night is NOW!! Nothing quite like the opening night buzz! Break a leg, brilliant cast of THE BEAUTY QUEEN OF LEENANE!
actually I'm wondering if he's not planning an ind. run for PA Senate this year. Filing deadline is in August.
good morning right back at you! Gorgeous in NYC too
pandering to a younger generation?
The man who has no imagination has no wings
We're at a major apartment complex fire at Stewart and 75th street now. It has been burning for a while.
thank you!! Love you too(:
My Dudda Mann yu did it boiii I love yu I will be there 2 mmrow just like I said I would
Bummer, #LevonHelm, R.I.P. Thank you for the memories.
Today feels like a banh mi day. Where's the best place for a banh mi sandwich near Union Square?
love you!! happy thursday, cant wait to spend the weekend with you:)
I did take a peak too. But I'm still watching (however I will turn when the Bieb comes on).
after which negotiating jointly with your creditors for simple loan terms.
tyson is or will be on fb again soon apparently :)
Had an awesome night with my man and my baby girl Mariah in Gatlinburg. Went to Bubba gump shrimp, a mirror maze, and Ripley's :)
you can contact us using the form on our site or email
Seeking a Sr. MMO# Producer# with F2P# experience for my publicly traded studio in Silicon# Valley#. Hit me if interested - JEliasoph…
I SAW WALKING DOWTHA STREET OF MII SKEWL AND I ALMOST FAINTED LOL MWAH
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the sort of songs that repeat the same line over & over again throughout the whole song.
I have to go to sleep._.
It's Wednesday and we've got what you need. Come grab an Americano from Mocha Joe's to put some pep back into your step this week.
Jared Weaver was singing along to hit the road jack as he was walking off the mound lol
Too many chances...
Cicely Tyson remembering the women of the Civil Rights Mvt.
": Stats and macro. That is all that stands in my way. #bringiton"
It's that time of day again! Come in and unwind from your Monday!!
In the academy, we act like we don't have bodies, but we do.
you always want food!;)
inner city = not all can afford own device.
What is your favorite indie film out now and why?
tonight. Can't wait!!
Shut up! RT : TRAP SELL DRUGS!!!!
"Tell me lies but make them sound good"
thanks for all you help!
I'm very proud of my #farmville farm. 18 different varieties! Yum.
Indeed. RT : Quote of the day: “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”-leonardo de vinci
Goin out and playing pool tonight :)
you stopped following me. ;-\
Do you think Rex Ryan experiences a sharp pain each time Woodhead scores? Ha.
At the Hill. just met with Nancy Pelosi's staff member Kenneth DeGraff. He seems to get it. This is a good sign.
Get it Snooks! Gonna be an awesome week, maybe a pregame PB appearance from you?? Hope all is well with you, too!
haha. Yeah buddy!!
Complimentary recharging of iPhones, Droids, your Blackberry, iPad, after Spring Training games – car service options:...
oh please don't invoke any catch-phrases from that... that... other program....
I hope are good and feeling better. Can't wait till Friday in Denver.
Jenny Lind appeared at Castle Garden again on May 24, 1852 for her "Farewell Concert To America"
Would love to see Mayoral candidate come out in favor of a SD bag ban!
: thanks for the great review! we wish we were closer, too :)
Fiona Apple was my first ever concert. Back in 2000! It was so amazing.
"You fucking joke" ~ Tippett to the zebras just now
We really appreciate your support! Maybe next year :).
Great being home but i want to be hanging out with my friends who i havent seen in forever!
only if you are really lucky!
Ghetto ass school
Visit #BlueMarble by 12/31 for a 90 min treatment & receive a certificate for a future 1 hr treatment using code: BMDEAL11! Happy Holidays!
Gotcha. That will fly by tho. Transferring is the reason I have 3 classes left. Not all my credits from Franklin transferred.
And im stressed yo biggie leme get the vest
Should I study for the apush exam?
nah I was with and
thanks Emma!!!! Have a great weekend!!
I don't understand how the MLB won't let Mets and others wear 9/11 apparel. What's wrong with ppl
His fist is big but my gun's bigger, he'll find out when I pull the trigger
Sorry I missed show last night but had to return to Boston. Woke to a special voice mail from Myron. Sweet! Good Morning to ME!
Why do I lose everything ?
I wanna go
Watching the dress rehearsal for tonights #Mahler performace. #GustavoDudamel is cracking up the 1000+ musicians and singers.
perfect, breakfast at our usual spot?
Good choice. RT We have listened to our customers & have decided to cease our advertising on The Rush Limbaugh Show immediately
Filling docline requests for always makes me especially happy - giving back a tiny bit to the place that helped my sister.
You're also a poet and don't even know it RT : Pitt has quit
oh HELLO black-haired boy in Maine South tee running at the corner of sickens and damen.
Gearing up for the semester by mostly taking the day off to enjoy the 60 degree temps in January in Indiana!
STOP thats the best one
I smell a Tweetup in the near future! We'll post tomorrow night, but keep your calendars clear for Mon, Aug 1 from 5-7pm or so (Anchorage).
Worst feeling=realizing you have to enter
merry xmas! Good luck in SD!!
I made an Easter basket for my God Daughter but I ate it all
That a fat ass hoe, like the kinda hoe that's too fat fo the dick.
you already know the deal bro ! Congrats mangg
Ralph Ellison scholar & author of the novel "Invisible Man" (named after Ralph Waldo Emerson) was born 1 March 1914
..hey..I miss you...what you been up to?
Cause I would totally do that x)... HOW WEIRD O.O Really? My mom? Really? Are you sure we're talking about the same woman ...xP
“: Need some and updates asap” 37k (500BB) 150reg110 left
I pose #shoppingconundrum question to & Top dress contender just went on sale at Bloomies. Have appt at Neiman.
Thanks so much for the
Churchill's complaint about decline in vigour was in 1952 (not 1942). Sorry!!
Chubb: Innovation in #edtech likely to remain very slow if states and districts don't hop on board, encourage it.
Hanging out with my family. Hair is now a different color! :) pictures to come
I have no desire to pay attention to chemistry class -.-
Creating a Digital Art Gallery
To conquer without risk is to triumph without glory. - El Cid
What a lovely #gig you booked my dear. Props kiddo!
I LOVE Sandra Bullock. She is my idol. I would love to have an amazing career like her one day. So talented!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!18
I said this to my wife,it didn't work "If something I say can be interpreted 2ways, & 1way makes u sad or angry,I always mean the other way
I cannot believe they had Lucroy bunt. What a WASTE of an out.
Off to work. :P
it was tho
At planet fitness
Early May North Carolina scout for a late summer film? It could happen.
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
The stories we tell ourselves shape our lives & our world… Hey, you need to tell more stories… Stories influence the decisions people make.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
jobs. Which is false, what is true is that IT IS A POOR WAY TO CREATE JOBS. Very few hire cuz they have xtra cash they hire to make
Will you be at djangocon.eu?
Im a fan of this Addai signing. If he can stay healthy he will be a nice weapon in this #Patriots offense.
Our featured vendor of the week is ! RT to welcome them to the festival this year!
