Defense ranked 2 last year and offense in the 20's. WO was a priority.I thought they must have trade for WO after 2-5 picks
any tips on where to hide gold? Tried to put it under my mattress but Ben Bernanke took it.
Bahaha alright. And okay MOM geez.
ur never to old for lol happy birthday
You're a strange one.
how are you?
hahaha just found the little image on the back of the Tshirt.
it obviously worked for you
Proud of my Blackbirds. y'all did us proud!
RT : Final job of teacher: free student of teacher. (Zen saying)
Maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance. If I can be perfect why can't you?
This is amazing. I wish it was still active. It should be published with glossy photo interpretations. re:
You are showing reponsibility for a gaffe. Penn State coaches showed no responsibility for a major crime against innocent children.
Flu's getting worst
haha can't be, you're an inspiration to us all lol
"Administrative leave" not good thing for Petrino. Sounds like a delay of firing to me That is if Petrino doesn't leave a note quitting 1st
Ugh, Ellis is the WORST.
Vote for Taxi Share Chicago to win Apps for Metro Chicago! appsformetrochicago.org/apps cc:
Those look delish! Love the pic!
I am in atlanta and taught esl / efl for 3 years
congrats on your pregnancy! What a blessing😊you guys are goin to have a gorgeous baby! I predict #girl!
rise and grind! setting up the marketing for my new film Video Girl!!
I'm hurting I refuse to continue to take this shit
One benefit (of many) of #Ohio data: Records student intentions at the time of application to a higher ed institution
will need to keep in mind that cars don't like swimming. Looking to be a lentils and rice month.
I guess I'll take the GOP-like position on this. I only want free speech for the corporations I want to have free speech.
Just saw American Reunion. Either it was really bad, or I'm too old to find it funny. Here's hoping its the former.
1989 Like on FB! Let's see if we can get those 11 more by the end of the day....Tell you friends to like the National Institute of Flamenco!
ops, it all starts at 10:30 am tomorrow morning if you'd like to learn bike repair and get some great food and bevs
My favorite word today: imprecation. Say it to yourself and just listen to those pretty consonant sounds!
its ok
Mitt is on fire tonight! Well Polished! Well spoken!
Got sidetracked! Still going? RT : Well Hels, Michelle, & I are here but no RYAN!
the viper room >
Carol Lane know this paper was str8 bullshit!
Ugh Morgan?!
Train rides lolololo
Amazing, Amazing Cirque de Soleil performance! Could watch that all day.
I have a gifboom, but it wont let me make gifs. wtf???
also, has a show (1st) at betty's this friday in nashville. yeah!!
Things like this make me wanna move back to KC!
I see u offer nothing but insults in your tweets, no facts or solutions. No wonder u think people dont deserve better
Now Game 7 is going to be my mind for the next 44 hours. So much for my boss wanting me to get a ton of work done this week.
Still have some bottles left unless our private party last night frank it all.
ah man I would've gotten you your own pint had I seen this 5 minutes earlier
it's been a while. How are you? I'm in Canada as we speak
The nation is more divided now than in years. The majority will prevail in November. But will it be for the good of our futures?
"The best remedy for anger is delay." Brigham Young
Suh keeps playing dirty time after time, he needs to be shown this isn't UFC
Campus is quiet today with students finishing up finals and leaving town on Saturday. What was your favorite thing to do on Winter Recess?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Corn Chowder. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary
What is the fascination with the Kentucky Derby? It's just a bunch of horses running around a track once.
Big questions: Who owns electronic health record data? Patients? service providers? - Metadata panel at #healthit Summit
ahahahaha ! were not in #beastmode were in #jokemode now !
go For the purple one !!!
is Leaf or Russell not on there? Gallery at least turned into a decent guard.
I love you all, because we are pretty!
Finn just said nigger. My brother is racist.
It's okay to have 17 boyfriends right? (;
NOT Random....Intentionally GOOD!! :)
when is mothers day? o.O
You're fighting an uphill battle there! But keep up the good fight. :)
Fresh out the shower... Im sleepy
lol np, thanks for being awesome :p
Start with the awful truth and let it work up a good, gnarly stink for a few days, then come back and sprinkle funny on it.
#BackInElementarySchool I dressed like from spice girls :P
um I don't know what school that is lol but ye as we live in Austin
Imma Cry! My Mom Texted Me That They Are Sending Her To Mexico When She's A Citizen In The USA :'(
No Pulitzer for fiction, interesting. Thoughts?
Listening to talk MVP
Hate having anemia so much.
Anytime I try to choreograph in my living room, the Pitador thinks its time to play and tries to join in. We have different dance styles.
doing well! starting up a new business which is going realyl well. exciting times!!!! how about you? nyxpo is growing!!
Ravens get a 4th round pick from Vikiings.
It helps me focus on our Lord and helps me get through the day.
Five hour energy, let's hope you work tomorrow.
follow back
We'll have to check it out. Excited to have you guys opening in Bay View! When's it official?
Lovely. Please keep posting beautiful things.
With 32 wins next season UK would set the NCAA men's Division I record for most wins in a 4 season span.
Ladyscissors, Wendy Schneider, and I will play at The Frequency May 28. Exciting!
Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store(s) and I can help
Oh come on, really???
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Here with our good friend Cecilia Spellman on a 5k Williams Syndrome Walk supporting the cause. Great Day
i will soon
Job Tip: Always ask and know the How & When part of your pay. If you don't ask, it could cost you big time!
I have plans to MOOC with Bonk.
I ain't even gonna try and be something I'm not! The rest of you could pretend
How do we teach a generation to be each other's Brother's/Sister's keeper? We can't afford to draw lines of solidarity amongst us.
OP ART vs COLOR FIELD (Art Madness, Sweet 16)
Watching scary movies with all the lights off >>>>>>>> ^.^
you in?
Ironically, I taught a Dabble class, "How to get your dream job last" month.
Hey, Shawn. Thank you for hollering.
u heard me i cant go to wresteling shows basketball games and football games until i go to beauty pagents YUCK!!
An artist who had hits 20+ years ago died a year younger than me. RIP Heavy D. I liked your overweight loving' style
love 4 u 2 come & try us 1 day.We had awesome apricot glazed cornish hens 2day @ elmington.B there nxt Sat w more
Congrats on the new project! Looks like a great venue! Enjoy.
Crap. I was just experimenting with adding books to GoodReads. Apparently doing it that way posts to Twitter.. ^^;;
Powe looks like Prince Fielder
I'll post it on dA when I get it on saturday. You'll find out! ;)
it's good, I just wish your daughter would show you some more respect.
congrats. let me do the logo for that in extremely bold letters that can be seen for miles.
take 5 minutes for look this ,, "little monster"
What!!! Unconfirmed reports say Jr Seau has commited suicide.
if only rock papers scissors worked in important decisions in life
& i fall into their trap everytime. hahahaha
Everything In Your Life Is A Reflection Of A Choice You Have Made... If You Want A Different Result, Make Different Choices...
hi Sam!! Thank you SO much for the watches! They Are stunning!! I'm very excited for the party in two weeks!
post a few more brawls and you'll be #1 on that list (or just hit over .300 in fall ball and you're there!) come on man.
so we should make laws with the idea they have no social economic effects or ends?
DallasDealszone thanks for following me on Twitter!
Live jazz at Levain Bakery in Harlem! Part of Make Music New York. Gotta love Harlem!
Random DM Messages >>
Yes, & love the chaos seen from the tipped plane. Focus, perspective, perception, understanding; clever.
My favorite in a long time : I'm going to echo and others here -- #MakeHIW has been amazing!
you ratchet!
GIRL DRINK DRUNK! I'll see 's bourbon and raise her a whisky.
That song 'Somebody That I Used to Know' is creepy as heck..
yep! Rounders filmed at the 15 Washington building and the park across the street.
I will definitely do the first two! :) I'm also thinking about starting a fundraising campaign on Indie GoGo
You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit. -V.Lombardi
Thanks to all who came out to the first Art District get together last night. & BigStar
ur new song is my ringtone for my phone
Im never good enough for them... :'(
Hittin the gym then out :p.
RT Two 's are seriously horn-battling right now, ridiculous.
playing CMJ Deli Magazine party at The Delancey FREE FOOD! FREE ENTRY! sponsored by SESAC details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
let us know when you're coming to visit!
In May my wife and I will have been married 7 years. I have to admit that she still excites me like when we first met!
Happy Friday Ladies!
Thanks. I had a really good time writing it. And sorry to hear about your allergies ;-)
no I meant it's one of my favorite places!
Not delayed...yet. Spending time with Mr. Hoeggarden right now. Fingers crossed.
More #soccer Coachisms: We're within striking distance now. = Their coach sat all their starters for the second half.
I just signed up for gmail. This is a giant leap for mankind.
woohoo! Glad I could help. And yes, she is good people!
This weather makes me wanna...
which is the best adventure game for WII? anyone ...?
haha. Kala is my savior. legit. >>>
"A cockroach walks into a computer lab." Sounds like the start of a joke, was really an end to my class.
U never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend
They used a dude that looked like he was 30 thats sum BS
Looking forward to making my first root veggie mash later today for a pre-Thanksgiving meal with foodie friends!
Any hallway tirades from Magic at Dodger Stadium tonight?
You're probably right. But that would be too simple.
did y'all. Get the email
New Year Super Duper Offer!All designs for Caps or left chest unlimited stitch count are $15 each-Email:
Good Morning from #NGS2012!! Looking forward to hearing lots of great sessions. It's been a remarkable week...more to come!
I meant they're not going to listen to you. Lol c:
Quick follow up. did you check the email? lets get to jammin!!
morning.. Well afternoon;) so how are you? Love you! Follow back please?x
thank you very much for the RT mention!
i hope none of them follow us on tweeter
Tomorrow is late start 😏
your beautiful!!! Lol
im doing great i just tried to call you
Thanks! MT Dropped by on Sat night to see a friend's work --> favorite collection of art I've seen in #Katzen!
nah , missed it
I love riding #singlespeed !
So I am in the auditorium... With about 400 others.
don't think about just try it. Off the shelf peeps and tostitos queso dip.
getting ready to start noon prayer. tune in live!
no? Lmfao your demanding. I'm gonna punch you.
thanks so much!
When are you going to come to the 'Ville during Derby week? The crew will love it!!!
One minute until midnight. Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes today. I love you all so much <3
What a disappointing final shot. And no reason for a 3 point shot either.
Just listened to punk goes pop volume 4 and happened to be quiet pleased with Your cover was so great, good job. :'D
Obama is magic. He sings some Al Green, I forget all about increased drone strikes. Damn.
TONITE AND TOMORROW SUNDAY NITE HESSFEST !! AT NUBLU... HESS IS MORE PRESENTS....
thanks, ill give people alittle more time then ill think about that
there must be a driving force in the atmosphere...
has been good to me
You know, what you did to me as a child, fucked up any possibility of me being able to feel loved.
My bf would take me to a place with half naked girls with nice ass bodies. Way to make me feel insecure.
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
Here's the rescue squad. I hope to God I don't fall out!
Brands spend $$$ creating Super Bowl commercials & now they can make them jump off the screen & into people’s hands on mobile smart phones.
that's where I'm from babe!!!
#NP Rising Down - The Roots
What did he order? Don't say falafel.
old. I dunno, we have lots of tests scheduled
LA, thank you for being 68 and sunny.
At Smalls checking out . Great music! Glad I ran into him on the street! NYC gotta be in it ya win it!! =)
Birthdays wednesday , i dont get to skip either. my birthday !
long time to talk. How have you been?
IF I DIDN'T HAVE CHEESE LIKE EVERYDAY, WOULD YOU STILL WANNA BE WITH ME?
End of March ..Figuring things out in a week or so on dates and times etc..
The Onion Corporate Office is in Chicago, but the Satire writers are in NY. Burn on the man!
I'm wearing mine right now : If Romney gets elected there will be an individual mandate that we all wear magic underwear
I wish I was on tour right now.
One more day bf I can come bak to skewl!!! Bak on Tuesday!!!
It don't fn matter who gave the message...Bitch did u get the message!!
Who the hell is walking around my neighborhood with a bucket of fried chicken everyday tossing legs on the ground? Sick chubs.
#SWSEA Conceivian team working on fun ShallWe meet-up iPhone app at Startup Weekend.
ya man. Starting to get warm & I need to clean it up. Love feelin the fresh breeze on my ears. Got MUHS shag right now haha
I think the sound of that mans gross throat noises beats the smell..
Electric Youth, Like A Prayer, and Faith are my fave 80s albums.
Just finished watching #thehelp and feels very appreciate of all the unsung heros of the civil rights movement.
I pretty much 💣 my last final 😣 that's gonna fuck up my GPA like a mug!
I didn't even realize how cute he was till I got closer, I was hoping I didn't sound ignorant for not knowing sh*t about a car. Too late.
Just sent your info to my very dear and old friend who is a super shark-- will keep you posted
RT : SAN ANTONIO!! Tonight, join at KLUSOZ and at PEPPER.
Music publishing is the business of acquiring, protecting, administering and exploiting the rights in musical compositions.
Thank you very much. :)
Where can we get some good breakfast in Nashville?
Whose ready for the Halloween show tomorrow ;) gonna go dressed in my cave woman costume and cause some ruckus!!!
Safe for walking? Every 7 minutes a pedestrian is killed by a vehicle in the U.S.
hell to the fucking yeah.... Holla
Team didn't show up.. Another win for BGBT but kinda bummed that I didn't get to play.
can you please make 's morning & follow him? (: pretty please?
WASHINGTON (AP) 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington, New York City, North Carolina
we're gonna play Birmingham, AL on 4/2...come join us!! www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Flying today, which means I couldn't be happier.
don't you nO who i am who i am but i am not a category
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
yesterday teas AWESOME!:) haha so stoked for Harry's maybe response:3<3
I don't say this enough, but my dad is such an inspiration to me. I love him.
got my #amasin shirt tonight. great game, fantastic atmosphere, amasin win.
man this weater at the chi-town !!!!! is amazing bout to do some raw
thanks I think
Happiness is a state of mind. That means it’s a decision, not a coincidence. So today, decide to be happy!
Last keg of Imperial Scotch was just tapped at the brewpub! Come get some before it's all gone!
Loved Avengers!!
You know you're at a fancy restaurant when they have voss on the menu for $7
Happy St Patty's. Errands, performance in VA, back in time to maybe make it out???
Rough day at the office?
I would go more with "Break glass in case stated position becomes politically untenable."
no, but thanks for letting me know!
Way to go ! Nice win
lovin the sour patch
wise words! :)
pretty good. How's yours?
I know it will come to a shock to you all... but I did not win the lottery tonight. Maybe next week?
I'd rather go blind ...lol
Heading to Dville in the morning to see my all time fav UK player! here we come! Can't wait!! #bright&early
I've literally done nothing all day xD haha
The employees have to pick up after you, and most places have No Soliciting signs that you are blatantly flaunting /2
okay, good. Cos I re-read it and still didn't see it. But I like the idea!
picture when it's built
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F OVERCAST
The wells are going dry: 55 families in Chupadero, north of Santa Fe, are running out of water. Tonight, there'll be an emergency meeting.
My bad it's Flopanari
Hopefully the UK softball team will receive an at-large bid into the NCAA Tournament.
hope ur alright!! Let's grab a drink tonight babe!
FHP troopers part of safe-driving crackdown
I'm driving through the French Quarter. There are 2 chickens crossing the road. Really.
Pinterest is Now the No. 3 Social Network in the U.S. [STUDY]
My mom bought me The Vow.
Mila Kunis should play Johanna in the Catching Fire movie.
prob no streams but #THATCamp hashtag is v. active and open during camps, as well as website.
how long have u had walking lessons 4?
That awkward moment when a 60 year old women is skinny as a twig but has the biggest, grossest ass in the world.
I think i am in the minority..i gave it a half...i cannot get into these #Duke uniforms
doing mindless clerical work wishing our support staffer had not been cut...
nope, I snuck an earbud under my hair today, unable to stop listening to "Catching Fire" at an Irish Coffee fest! No one noticed
Yeah, I didn't dvr it but I know it comes back on later. So, I'll watch it then. I love Holder. He's the main reason I watch.
I'm lookin for a engineer in the Miami Miami Beach area if that's you hit me back!
...so many good songs...this was a favorite for me. So very sad...
tHANK YOU SIR! WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN cHICAGO?
today, beat the heat & check our my newest exhibit, Urbis Octaptych. While your there, be sure to take in ell the museum has 4 U
Playing a cheating wife today - trying to justify my actions. - 'He didn't fix the dishwasher so . . .' Glad this isn't my real life!
#ideas2action could we do an OLI like class for a TLT project?
Just go done finish riding the dragon
Oh, just waiting for my refund check to dry...
And I am almost home. Thankful. Maybe I'll even catch a little of the Blazer game.
how much more longer do we have to suffer getting disconnected? and please take the M203 out of classic mode. please and thank you.
Had tons of fun tonight! Super great women, amazing cake, delicious drinks (she-tinis), swag goodies. Thanks Darnell!
Good morning cali
My sister is watching #HP7p2 widout for the midnite showing and she barely thought about me Rite now but she's still going...WTF! I HATE HER
EVERYONE GET VERIFIED FOLLOW HIM PLZZZZZZZ HES THE COOLEST GUY ON TWITTER
RIP Davy Jones :(
...2. There is no way to fake 3 musicians all playing down a song live, no way to make a plug-in for "feel."
hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
There is always surprises around every corner.
That's correct. It wont be long before registration is open, though. :)
but then you'd go to prison and could never ever see us again!
Scott Steiner tweets are hilarious only thing keeping me on twitter right now
austin you are magical, lyrical, beautiful, candy,hot
Will do. We will miss seeing you. Enjoy your evening watching your boy.
anyone know how to stop spams from being send through my account??? :/
depends if yu gon b a crooked cop or not....
you go girl do the damn thing
Thank you so much for blogging about my session!
Just dropped my dad off at the bar. I'm gonna be his ride home later, too. Guess I'm the parent tonight!
Don't play with NOBODY's feelings.
Ready for 11!
Vest: barriers to opportunity in higher ed are public perception & cost
Drying dishes and humming the spiral mountain theme song. I wish I knew why, but I like it.
Correction my 'exiting' has subsided I am now excited to see
You really called yourself king? HAHA,wow Well,I'm booked all weekend so does that make me #craftbeerprincess?
anyone know if RTM is streaming their speakers this year?
honestly I don't know. I'm exhibiting.
Very cool! Great minds think alike and all that :D
It's weird that she's blacker than me but her son looks Mexican,she must've been selling that pussy
WE ARE ALL TIME HIGH!!! OH YES.
oh man ! I didn't notice you were on </3
no problem(:
Take that in. So smart.
haha a bit it seems. It's cute and funny. Happy new year!
Celine Deon sings to me at night.
Thanks very much! Will do my best. Cheers!
Live in Chicago and love giving back to #charity? Check out and give back on every purchase at no expense to you.
True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??"
Hey! It's Supervisor #Tagger! We're ready to call our international alumni, so #lookoutworld!
U WELCOME :)
thanks for listing us!
Tonight get outta the rain and head out to Sutra Lounge for Electric Candy: free entry, drink specials, and special guest DJ Andre Perry!
It's Tuesday, Tuesday, Gotta do a hop on Tuesday. (:❤
When I had a job I gave it to ppl like crazy but that shit aint happening no more.
Working on it. just got a new comissary that only allows us to use their facility at night.
I laughed out loud. How true!
Not tonight. Stacking paper at Vulcan.
AWHH THE ONLY REASON IM ON TWITTER IS BECUZ OFF YOU!
overheard: "I'm like, 'look here, shakeweight'"
OMG! Today I watch' #TheEdge #love -
lmao that's what I said I was like wtf!!!
#Stocks extend rally for second day. #Dow adds 180 points. #Nasdaq and S&P both gain more than 1.3%.
Do u think the flyers will do good Haha I am a flyers fan who lives in Mesa but is from Philly
My dogs are literally fighting over a pillow.. hahah.
Lovin the BET awards. I love Chris Brown, Nick M, Mary J dang I love em all!
The Museum would like to thank Carol Berardi for an amazing #BusTrip to : it was beautiful :)
Last high school performance ever today :(
Nothing like listening to a bunch of country CDs while drinking some beers.
They'll blow it in the tournament. Holy Cross Part II.
better be 
Are we able to download apps to the new windows phone?
AWW! Busy, but a lull is near! I owe us a recipe for the June swap!
Stressed out... between work, school, job searching and group projects... I need spring break now more than ever.
The only info I've had waiting for me is my payment info!
REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND ...IT SHOULD BE
Do I like cats? Why? lol
yeah whats yo email I can send u some work I've done, but the new stuff I haven't posted yet
This year actually went by so fast. hope next year does too.
sharon needles
he's kind of a jackass >.>
Pre-Hunger Games Stress is starting to kick in.
I goes with the $ Salas took from BP, AIG, payday loan co's, pawn shops, insurance, banks, medical ins, oil cos, casinos, etc #chulavista :(
I tell the baristas at starbucks my name is Lauren. Its pretty self explanitory why I do it haha
I just read that Amy Winehouse died, what a sad sad tragedy.
Your bio says: "I do drugs & drink" well aren't you fucking awesome.......
Oh yeah trending wolrdwide
((((We're number 3)))) on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL. www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thanx fans!
Seasons change...goodbye baby greens, well almost...asurption by an eggplant!!
So are we! MT Amazing MM concert last night! blew me away. Full house! Glad there's an audience for modern music.
Gotta love it!!
According to Opta, Midfielder/forward Darlington Nagbe leads the team with an 88.2 percent completion rate on his passes.
Shout out all my luh niggas that's graduating this year
Florence + The Machine was breath taking opening up
We just hired our first employee! Glad to be contributing to our local economy! Welcome Brian!
Convinced donors to purchase hardware for mobile initiative (happy dance in my chair)!
Yeah baby RT Three words - Super. Bowl. Sunday.
I'm tempted, trust me...
Yep spending the day working from a park. Missed this nice weather.
Damn it im catchin anotha cold
RT Lady gaga was in our rendition of midsummer night's dream. Houston - it's worth it.
Only 18 away from 1000 likes! Please help us to get to 1000 so we can start the celebration!!!
So confused as to what day it is... thought it was Thursday but it's not!
wakin up to sex >>>>
Troubling to me was description of what baby was wearing when last seen-her street clothes, not sleeping clothes-didn't compute.
“: where ?” Over a bridge . Near that building in Dayton that's like a giant mirror .
Fuck I love his package!
Can't shake the eye twitch today
#Radiohead's #TheKingofLimbs got pushed up to today. It's out now, check your download code's people! What do you think of it?
Thinking the ppl behind most of the "Christian" dating websites are probably atheists looking for get PAID! SMH
Why you been hiding? Are you going to the Teenhoot?
eating fish is important business. cc
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
do you take reservations?
The little Opera girl on DWTS is freaking me out!! Prodigy or poltergeist?
Yes I was! and I had a gr8 time! RT : Did I just see that you were at a winery and a brewery today?
I need him to complete passes, I have Steve Smith on my fantasy team!
Breaking: RT Found the first Cali pinot that made me think, hmm. << :)
Being here on UM's campus makes me miss and long for those carefree days. 😔
Great Nia isn't gna walk in this weather. Thats a relief
Heading back to Chicago Saturday to Wrigley Field for Cubs game- killer seats behind the dugout!
I JUST GOT HIRED AT ONE OF THE HOTEST RESTAURANT / CLUBS IN SAN FRANCISCO AS A COOK!!!!!! I am shaking. Start Dec 2nd.
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!
The Hampton's were fun this week..goodbye beach...thanks JLev412..
successful first day of beauty school, now off to the gym. afterwards i wanna frolic in this beautiful weather.... whose with me?
God blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you.
Triple Ho Show Tomorrow!
Arrrgggh! RT : Buy a pirate ship scallywag. Jobbie will never be the same
Can you bring those gauges tomorrow?! It'd be kind of like a Birthday present. c:
And rounding out the fun on the #AsiaTrinity Tour, Taiwan!
i cant wait for the new video
Cause every minute you start switching up & you say things like you don't give a fuck then I say through with you.
Go Saints!
Today is #Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. We remember those who have fallen and those who have fought to keep this country free.
RT : Vietnamese authorities mandate Google, Facebook and other Internet companies to assist in online censorship -...
How to procrastinate without FB? I joined a bunch of online dating sites. Yes, I'm pathetic....
Galveston defeats Northeast 7-6. 1st day of the Region XIV Tournament is now in the books
Headed to Phoenix where I'll be shooting the newest music video, with the team
some how I knew u would say tht!!! 0.o lol
I Hope Cashdro Can Handle All That Ass!
Thank you! Is there an email address to submit to? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
worked great. So did Twitter. Thanks.
My families thought and prayers are with you bro
I'm a kozo enthusiast 4 sure! I revere huge handmade Iwano sheets. About 2 try Nishinouchi & Wakichi & more from &U?
Ever wonder how could Rihanna still do music with Chris Brown.... Beats the hell outta me too ....
Madonna ticket prices are outrageous
My head feels like a lava lamp...
Okay. I can admit it. I kind of enjoyed Scream 4.
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Ugh!! I need this month to go by fast!
RT : Tomorrow night: Jump for Autism fundraiser at SkyZone in Fishers from 5-8pm. Please join us!
Lol Uk. It
So good fried with some bacon grease in a cast-iron skillet!
Well... what are you waiting for? We'd love to see you =)
Looking forward to at tomorrow. It's a one-man Macbeth done with voices/characters from "The Simpsons." Neat!
I tried bartini was closed :( I saw Jeff one of the bartenders though
CONGRATS to my beautiful, amazing, smart, talented friend for getting her dream job. SO proud of you, celebrations commence ASAP
just checked. your nfl sundat tix account should work in Mexico. I live in mexico also and get all MLB games from mlb.com
well that's not possible since someone is going home this weekend >:l
Awesome! I Not The Only Person! Lol
I really like Achison. No flash, just quick no-nonsense delivery and decent results. Also can pitch multiple innings.
sadly, I missed the game tonight. Don't tell anybody
Earlier today I got the chance to help out with their next record so I can't wait to hear what they do with it
I'm gonna fail Anatomy.
HAHAHA right?! It happens though!
My little bro likes a girl. It's just too cute to handle
Playing spot the librarian while at the conference is too easy. I'll just critique what people are wearing , much more fun!
Need a few more #designers for #mobileapp #game to round off our team!
Worst Oscars ever. And they ended it appropriately bad.
Exec. Chef Shawn Smith showcased our best last night! His shaved beef w/roasted peppers and goat cheese was delish!
indeed i shall :) it's honestly a very cool product! i'm already planning our private demo party lol
Night of Worship on FRIDAY OCTOBER 14! 7:30pm at Christ For The Nations Institute!
Annoyed with almost everyone tonight
i 4 real can't shake it. I'm gonna die, i need help....#IDONTWANNAWAIT!
Some mid/large NSF programs require project training; Peter suggests this could include data management trainers in budgets #rdap12 Hm.
When I saw that "Purple Rain" is trending, I automatically thought about Ariana <3
Guys... Can't live with them, Can't live without them...
ur the greatest. Giving it my all. Too much to do to listen to "projected timetables" ...God isn't ready 4 me to checkout yet!
lol - still figuring this whole thing out :P
will be on iCarly and SNL tonight! Proud of how far they've come. :)
Cookies n Milk and watching Sweet Home Alabama I love this movie
Oh haha! I used to hang out with my friends everyday too. But that distracted me from painting, so I cut down the socializing.
Today has been a busy day!!! Tech for theses seems to be in good swing!!! SPADE tech is joining in the fun tomorrow!
Problem: Home alone, need to talk some things out for a final school project. Solution: cat just got a lecture on AJAX and Ruby on Rails.
"Wonder if Pilarz wants to car pool on the way back?" #iwish!
No kidding!
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjold
That she want a photo you already know though you only live once thats the motto nigga YOLO
You would never know if you could ever be if you never try you would never see.
Six months later and finally making the long-awaited chalkboards. Thankful my kids are patient.
I've been so terrible about tweeting lately. Life has been insane. Hopefully things get back to normal soon.
A couple of our favorite "regulars" stopped in 2nite, told them what we've got planed for Fri Sat nights - live music! They were pumped!
#ThingsILookFor loyalty, honesty and respect.
A Woman was GOD's gift to Man. Putting a pretty bow on myself and letting GOD do the giving. No returns...
Why must the working teachers of #CA pay 4the misconduct of a twisted pervert &the incompetence of #LAUSD leadership?
just got home from work
RT This If You Will Always Support No Matter What! (: <3
myself & 12 other students are very excited for tomorrow!
Follow my sister she needs it haha. love you sis (;
END THE FED, I'm chanting at HOME
Holy cow ATL!!!
You know you're studying good when you have dreams about what you're studying. Being in the
yeah man that's really all I could do... And it worked.
's Americone Dream, the ice cream of the future. Have an urge to get one now. IT'S A TRAP
Hi Dan! Would love to talk to you about help building communities for our authors and genres!
Concert @ Seaport Village 2pm. The Divisional Youth Music Arts group performing! Go have a nice day by the sea and enjoy some tunes!
we're hanging out with our asains
Working on a 'speaks out' segment for with and trying to get a quote from and Amy Poehler
Awesomesauce! Thanks for listening!
is beautiful (': <333333
Dude, right!
You're awesome Bethany! Thanks for snapping it! :)
for eva yung....
hi i love u so much me n my friend love you so much plz plz go to dms (deltona middle school) in deltona FL.
rest in peace big man
Too many penalties, too many softspots on the o-line. We did some good things though - could be an exciting season to watch.
Well duh--lightbulbs help you see, but beers help you see DOUBLE. Twice as useful.
Wheels up!! Headed home.
"And to you, suh," I replied as he walked away. I made my way into the lobby, where the crowd was so thick I had to cut through it.
broken heart. I need to learn to quit trusting certain guys I guess.
We are staying at the Springhill Suites in Buckhead. Someone suggested Shula's.
thanks, buddy. I got it taken care of. 100 rejections? Sounds about average for higher ed! :)
Just made mean comments at gov brownback and told him he sucked, in person
so iguess everyones seeing boobs on twitter o.O
Its better to let go and see if they come back than to hold on and see if they let go. .....---
I'm a zombie. I've had enough caffeine to wake up my face, but beyond my engaged expression there is a cloudy abyss
Things could get real interesting soon.
At School .
gonna be a causal saturday. X l
A girl's pretty face can be destroyed but an ugly personality.
Had a dream last night that my motorcycle caught fire. I can't believe how sad I was.
My muse has returned. I missed her so much!
#SD skyline, beautiful end to an amazing trip
im here i inboxed you my new number
go 4 it
saw a beautiful cello recital tonight, very inspiring. but who on earth still uses a disposable camera these days? so funny
Realized I posted a cat photo on V-Day. Next, I'll buy a single frozen dinner and Fancy Feast to really bring home the Cat Lady schtick.
Wanted by is beautiful!
how do you do that? all caps?
RT SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
Unfortunately, the big business now is the teaching of answers, not questions. What we should be fostering is curiosity.
Playing the Turning Stone Empire State Hold'em Main Event starting Saturday. May play some side events on Tue/wed If I bust early.
it was so wonderful seeing you last night. Thanks for swinging by!!
John Starks vs the Rockets wants JR Smith to stop shooting!
SXSW will be here before you know it!!
And on the 7th Day Andrew Shaw still had 3 points! No rest needed!
Random phone numbers be texting me in spanish?
WoW. that is great. How can you help me do the same. Great
I can tell...it's going to be one of those days where i just want to light somebody's face on fire and try putting it out with a fork!!
That's why I work in bed now.
- helping Baltimore residents, schools, businesses, and communities of faith save energy & money!
Since when did dressing like you're 60 become a fad? I'm confused.
A has burned this building down many a time as a Bruin. Sightlines dont bother him...
yayayaayayayayay! might to for a walk with my bestfriend (:
but you spiteful lol
Cannot wait to get out of Knoxville on Wednesday!
still using bitly here because it's the only shortener that's platform independent...
Interesting...DM about this?
Can't believe the weekend is already over! What are some things you did over the weekend?
Merry Christmas all you Twits! Have a safe and Happy New Year, even you #Ravens fans, be safe! Go #Steelers!
Delaware Florida Georgia..Hawaii Idaho Illinois IN-diana...
Off to Pyramid Lake for camping and fishing.
(At the same time, you might note that Egyptian government actually killed 11 people yesterday)
yes...gettin inspired right now:)
And Niall's nickname is kyle too! Hahah wow! Im ss brilliant!
Phrase to your father.
Have you ever pranked or dared someone with an Original Juan hot sauce?
Do plentiful acts of spontaneous actions classify you as weird?
yu goin back home for the break?
I know better follow me back
wut. ianna. pregnant? how'd that happen.
Bravo-! Dr. Meriter performance was awesome, also enjoyed Froedt Rogers - 'I've always wanted to learn candy-striping'
Tomorrow is our Thanksgiving feast for #PALS' PLACE, #respite program for #Teens with #Autism! YIPPPEEE
Don't b racist b a panda they white, black, n asian :)
why do white people ruin everything lmfao
trying to learn how to use Twitter!
That pic is simply delicious!
“: I'm over the #cocacola #superbowl ads. IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS!” Yep, kinda cute but BORING.
Our composer is recording final score in Bulgaria. http:www.petrginz.com
I love when I win the what's the top story on game and I play every night.
This weekend #NASCAR #KNWest racing w/ in Stockton, CA!! That'll be a fun 12hr drive!! :) can't wait
um....what about Rondo?
Dear mom and dad, we should go see The Avengers next week. Black Veil Brides has a song in it. Sincerely, someone part of the BVB army.
what!? you should! those losers! <3 hope your there next time when they relize that they were stupid
Is a TV show getting canceled the same as it not getting picked up for more eps? Seems the first could be unordering already ordered eps.
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in! goo.gl/z9j3T
People always think I'm wearing makeup when I'm not that's just my sun burned face
comedy central roasts are really harsh. but funny.
We're actually located in Downtown #Sacramento! Thanks so much for the endorsement !
my ipod is only playing j-pop...makes me wanna watch bleach
oh god, I don't even want to imagine that
Love your background image! So pretty!
cool! she have a great advantage if she takes some tips from you
Great to connect! What's on the menu this holiday?
Wahoo! I love it. Always looking for good brunch spots and a good bloody Mary. Surprised about Smyth too, may have to try.
Other #sxsw panelists should take notes from great job! Good energy presenting #sbd social & business
I cannot thank you enough for that beautiful documentary. It was simply amazing
Last of the Butter Pecans
Cancer expert Jacob Scott says med school admissions too strict, weed out great ppl. More art is needed in science, he says.
Know what will help you get through hump day? A vegan donut of course! It'll put a smile on your face on this dreary morning
Couple of broadcast ADDYs for and one for
brewers game tonite with the besties!!!!!!!!!!!! i love a girls night out!!!!!
Look at those tits behind the coyotes bench...............
#MyGraduationSpeech I don't give a fuck, I didn't give a fuck, and will never give a fuck. Thank you class of 2012 I never did like you
Don't mary a "MAN/WOMAN" unless you would be proud to have a "SON/DAUGHTER exacly like HIM/HER.
DUDE!!! LOL! Thanks, man. I owe you one. (Again.)
Currently in Cordoba! Are you coming?
soo, your with jake I hear? Aha. I just saw keian and Chucky at Walmart.
Late to work, but Idc really they know id be a little slow moving today!
While you on my face I can read to mind like avant
You won't regret it! It's now the only printed thing I subscribe to.
The Murder Mystery Company is now open in nine major cities across the U
Can't wait to be home
beat ya to it! haha
So deeply disappointed in you North Carolina.
glad you had fun at the Tyga concert. Just read there was a shooting at his show in Nebraska. One if his people got injured :(
I've been craving 4 the longest now, I guess a lil cheating wouldn't hurt my diet lol.....
My biggest fear is loosing you
#RickPerry did a good job on Gretta tonight.
I like the new girl in my Group :) She's so Funny .
Yay! I'm sure you can let out a BIG sigh of relief now. RT : The house, she is SOLD. Man that feels good.
Sitting in office talking comps with Good conversation.
Jammin' to the new #Tanlines album in the office right now! It's really great and up on #Spotify!
20 dogs would freak my dog out, haha. 1-2, she's fine with, but yeah. She also was on the street so bit of a nervous nelly
Being tied to a chair . Haha she didn't tie it good !
Thinking about saving up to buy cowboy/steelers tickets so my grandparents can go... Even though I'm not a big fan of either!!!
I want to go back to sleep.
Fuck. This is just great :'/
I love u but u hate me so the song tht keeps runnin through my head is forget you so buh bye
like forreal I almost dropped my phone...you can send all proofs to me lol
Everything I was tagged in as Nejila am I no longer tagged as NJYLA?!? Hm.... New spelling = new rules?
Like #Packers pick Jerel Worthy. Thought he would go earlier. Good versatile hybrid DL for their 3-4. Cullen Jenkins replacement?
: i know. :( & in women's clothing store at fashion valley mall. Lolz well you better write it.
honey-bbq frito twists >
Got that shit right
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 26
Saw Van Gogh Up Close (focusing on fields, forest, and flowers) at the PMA. I love how the layers of paint glisten on many of the pictures.
Great article. That is why I recommend hosted QuickBook solutions such as
#NBAPLAYOFFS I HATE THE LAKERS SO MUCH!!!!!
Watched you in Grimm!!! GREAT job! :) So exciting!!!! <3
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
fantastic! Just sent over my resume. Thanks!
#bucks thats better
Agreed. He's great, but I just have a feeling. It could go the other way.
Safe all around!
“: We love sports because of its ability to surprise us. Thank you, Jeremy Lin.” agree!
havtn been on in forever,,, dont really know the point of this anyway :P
Tax Section meeting starting off w defined contributions update with and stay tuned for updates!
Peyton Manning to the Broncos.
Robin Green~ I have seen men fly bombers with their faces half- blown away. Youre going to allow a few algebra formulas to ground you
celebrating ur anniversary
One million total fans and followers of across all social media channels
for what its worth agree on #dl10 considering we will add session numbers. short is good
Obsessed with DrawSome. Goodbye, life.
Proposes elimination of monetary liability for works that can be id'ed, documentation must be provided in an open fashion
Sampling the savory CheesesofFrance at the pop-up
That's an ugly little dog!
checking in 14th, checking out 17th?
Most of us agreed we're going business casual and considering nice jeans on some days.
Thank you so much :) RT : congratulations on winning your title! And thank you for the sweet compliment xoxo
Ready, Set, Go... ! One day before DjangoFest NW. More fantastic opportunities to connect within the microcosmic Gypsy world.
It's super obvious that if you put that you're edge in your bio more people will like you.
At waffel house seeing my friends!
..God be with you and yours as well!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hannah has been busy.. :(
“: The problem with #Aries is they often act before they think.” true but reading book. Learning
proved that he is the real man at Extreme Rules and is the face of the wwe ExtremeRules was Epic
yea, about to roll out..
She hung up like i cared..lmao tf
WE MISSED YOUR FOLLOWING SPREE:(
"Oh George, the times will be so pleased"
I take it at Elite Gymnastics
#usmnt. A team playing together. With grace & humility.
Why did you put a two? Is that just to make fun of my accent?
Saints opener, Bears for Christmas dinner. SIGN ME UP!
I think you should do whatever the hell you want!! How's that??
makes sense. thanks for the info!
So disappointed in latest online shopping haul :(
Well you gotta admit that if the republicans hadn't destroyed it I'm the 1st place Obama would have a easier time with it.
English, Portugues, Espanol, and more... What language do you like ? Tell us!
I care too much sometimes :/
aw lol i bet your excited to have a little sister !
thanks looks like a useful site. Will submit from a computer not a BB.
I haven't seen that one yet. It does look like fun.
How do you relax?
i cant wait for youre next album Believe. its gonna be truly amazing more than anything
lmao bully assembly today, hilarious.
Ladies with hair color be sure to protect your locks from the sun by using super skinny serum. Tweet me. Details www.hairinthecity.me
Beautiful New Profile Pic I'm Gonna See Bereavment Soon It Looks A Little Creepy Thogh lol
I can't stop watching the news tonight. Cory Booker is excellent as usual on Rachel Maddow tonight.
Family Guy was too funny tonight I'm so bored wishing I could talk to 
I love wine .
Our resolution for the year is to offer another year of amazing productions! Happy New Year's Banananimanics!
I had to ask my grandma yesterday if it was 2011 or 2012 .. Lmao shows how much we know
. also, more communication. Facebook/twitter highlighting marac and institution events and opportunities
“: Happy birthday to my Whoadie!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ”Thanks Homie Come 2 Peanuts Tonight!!!!
goodrock.com new releases from
RT : I seriously have no patience. LET'S GO
also, by some cosmic fluke we haven't met at a meetup yet
Yay.! I wake up one morning and have my own bathroom.!!! No more sharing with my mom.!!!:D
RT : every wed at 5pm till midnight: Tipped employee appreciation night. 20% discount for folks who receive tips for a living!
Thanks, Miriam. I know so many people working on overlapping issues (at Emory and outside) and Twitter could be a +
Huge props to both Lt Egan & Rebecca Stirrett and their respective colleagues. All were super helpful & kind.
Btw your analysis made me glad I avoided my fantasy league's melee over the acquiring of Humber.
What Up? Let's get it poppin!!
This is my last day For reals this time. I'm very sad to go but also very excited to return to NYC in 14 days!!!
Am-MAZ-ing southeastern foodie dinner last night. James Beard society hosted it, flew chefs in from everywhere. Over 30 courses from heaven.
thinking is important. at least from what I remember ...
All those who followed me back are cool as hell.
Thanks to Young Jean lee and John Green for a great conversation!
that is AWESOME
New words I've learned from listening to Tommy Missus: shot chugging and brew pounding. Or maybe I heard that wrong....
Funky diabetic
My mama fav saying: "I'm down the street " but then it takes her more than 10 min to get from "down the street " smh & I'm still waiting !!
BTW.... Christian Bale, not headlines or Newsies, sells papes.
Can't say I'm surprised.. Smh.
writing a killer new song. going to hibernate in the studio on this foggy day and make something
I think I need a break from teaching.
thank you. You too
i'll have to order that next time...
Don't make me swing on you bro.
Happiness is 750 ab reps at the gym yesterday plus weight training & cardio, happiness is the day after soar abs! Happiness is life!!!
Just scared he ticked off too many Steelers and fans
Did you take the GMAT already? Baby is due on July 6th. We think he will come sooner.
RT : Just the trailer-did that makes its way 2dvd? I'm not sure.I'm actually producing a docu FF
where is citizen history disc happening?
what's your favorite summer camp memory?
I think Maria got the last iPad 2 in Rochester :)
great seeing you this afternoon! loved the suggestion 4 a post about useful egg substitions :) -lisa
Just read your post about you G+ Disney hangout. You are my new hero!
. Thank you. I didn't know this. See I put a period in front. :)
- very much on the mend. Still tires easily, but she's still a handful!
meeting them?! or just seeing LOOOL
i herd that you talked about when we were best friends. How do you think that made me feel? Well that pissed me off a little!
Looking forward to a great weekend at
AH!!!! I need tht book now!!! I want Peeta and Katniss together soo bad!
Sounds fabulous! RT Nothing to do on this rainy Saturday but to write my little heart out and drink some fabulious
who is going to watch tonight? vote for the best.,,, are left
TX for the #econdev #ff. These folks are great -
Sounds like you guys have had a busy week so far. Swing in after the show tonight and re fuel for tomorrow.
Sending healing & strength.
My tempeture is super high if I scream if I cry that's only cause I feel alive !!
laser quest today 
When you completely miss the way your life once was.
Thanks, much appreciated!
if you pay too much attention to hate they win...they bring you down. too much love in the world to deal with that nonsense. be positive
Yo, is there anyway a team beside the sorry @$$ Deadskins can draft RG3? His career is already over on Thursday...smh in disgust..
Its okay you ain't got to much longer
Rest man! Sitting in my sis's big leather chair w/my feet up watching movies.
Jay Sean - Home
Thinking about how fun it will be to go hiking after work. Long live daylight savings time!
Hope you all have Voted or gonna Vote today. Express your power. :)
I must have done something right to be mentioned among giants. I'm not sure what it is, but thanks for noticing, Kat. :)
Bout to take n shower n get ready for work excited
so at kates drinking beer and smoking...
Aw...barf. RT 'Bachelor' Casey's Boyfriend Speaks Out on Their Relationship sns.mx/W6iNy1
Night night guys! Xo
"Ellie Mae Clampitt" from the old TV series "The Beverly Hillbillies" stopped by our Booth today and loved our toffee!
Mistake by Kennedy and Portland scores.
Need a break from biology !!! It's driving me crazy D:
Bro, are you at the Cracker Barrel?
Am I the only one that's more surprised about the Cosette casting than the Eponine? I thought they wanted really young for Cosette.
Every room needs a whiteboard!
I hate when people talk about how much they hate JB when they're right in front of me. And then they call me a lesbian because I like him :/
jack daniels all night.
YES! please write more!?
she at home just go over there ill be there later
Dick Cheney is recovering from a heart transplant. I have serious doubts he even had a heart to begin with.
God is the Truth.
Easter brunch starts now Bloody's, Mimosa's, full brunch menu plus biscuits and gravy plus a ham dinner with scalloped potatoes
Extra! Extra! Read all about it! Moody teenager doesn't want to wake up or do anything and just wants to sleep!
Goodness gracious; it was HOTT! Had to use 2 "T"s lol...
Clearing cache fixed my 'export to csv' problem. thanks.
I'm so good a what i do til i can take something in your closet you don't even care to wear and make it your favorite piece of clothing!
“: ▒R▒E▒T▒W▒E▒E▒T▒ if you're online & want more followers. #TeamFollowBack #F4F (follow me & i'll help you) #TFB”
beat the rain!! Come to the Residency talk at LegalArt tonight at 7pm. Artists will share their experiences in residencies worldwide.
#Kb24 Going off today on The Nuggets! Gotta love the #Nbaplayoffs! On a side Note! Good luck to store 777 tonight in Their game!
So sad, but if he were my fam I wouldn't want him playing. Is he done playing all together? Don't feel like going thru TL ;)
#HipHopEd 'm braggin/Usin' Weezy to teach history/while y'all still mad his pants saggin'
nigga u high
On Nov. 21, 1864, Mr. Lincoln wrote a letter in which he spoke of "a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom."
loosed.damit unbound. the shackles taken off.lol
When are you doing the giveaway? Weren't you goin to do that with the interview?
aye gurl, dontchu even think about runnin away or I'll grapple hook you
Lance is a fake dude.
You make me want to relieve myself.
when u make a video does your director plot out the whole video or do u get 2 put your own ideas into the video 2?? LOVE EM ALL XOXO
Fired red can be seen Oct 6th montage music hall. Opening for eve to Adam
I watched #PrettyLittleLiars last might and was kind of disappointed about Mona. But on a real note, can we have a masquerade party?
Zing! RT Never change Wilson Betemit!
oh okaai hope you feel better ugh crying..
blood drive this friday! 200 motor parkway hauppauge ny. 11am - 4pm. email to schedule or just walk in.
thanks Dean!
Smart. Self-respecting. Caring for kids. Too much at stake here.
cold pizza is my kryptonite! I love Chinese food; for some reason, not leftover. Unless it's fried rice! Xo xo
And I'm looking forward to attending! It's going to be a very interesting day! #DS2012 Anyone else out there going?!
SI on Antoine Walker "[His] goal was to return to the NBA, to get what the D-League insists on branding a 'Gatorade Call Up'..."
when are u going to start a blog on the resturants u visit on ur two-wheeler? Maybe call it "food, bikes and the road"
If people have free time tomorrow, there is a great "artist lists" show at the National Portrait Gallery from their archives.
I should be comin over!
WHAT THE F%$# IS GOING ON DOWN THERE.
Please tell Courtney I said hello and welcome! I will be over @ 4:00 for the welcome gathering.
he thought it was very funny!!
wow i wouldnt want to be there in the summer lol
Hey, I need 1 more follower today...why not you?
Why is J Cole having beef with Diggy Simmons for. Tht boy is 17 years old now. Lol ithink their situation Is funny as heck
i love when people say "hardcore" music has no meaning and rap does....what the hell is wrong with you?
Believe is wearing his Orange & Blue tie tonight on the #NBCnightlynews in homage to
Thanks! Glad you like the site and the article too!
": that means I'm getting an A! Party" im gonna have to side with ray on this one
after giving people the freedom to change their legal and physical gender identity simply because they want to
Cassandra! Love the hair but the tat??? Yikes.
you are the toughest road manager of all time! (The award show will follow)
Rolling Thunder followed by Rolling car alarms followed by me yelling oh that was close !
RT: This Monday stuff is for the birds. Give us a beer please. >>> oh yes 4:00 can't come fast enough
yeahhuh :D how are you today? (:
Double yeah! RT Yeah! got renewed!
Honestly, I don't know what I am...other than human.
IT'S FRIDAY, TIME 2 KRANK IT UP!!!!!
Everyone plz excuse these wack messages I been hacked or some shit
Listening to 's new book. All girl ghostbusters movie remake. Ha! I would love that!
thank you for follow me
Off to bed I go....some work to do in the morning....but im hungry so im going to make me a sandwhich...video blog coming soon as well
Woo THUNDER!!!!!! yeh baby!
Booked suites at TheHotel for Dec 8-9. First 2 nights of the 3 City 4 Day Tour
Happy Halloween!!
I noticed ur new book Flavor First has ORAC values. How would u explain what that is 4 those who may not know?
A big shoutout & thank you to a certain goodfellow Captain
The Elacc house is looking amazing! The food is starting to smell good! come hang out with us and support our #StreetVendorFundraiser .
something like that! It looks pretty though! Just a little red underneath.
So good to see yesterday... I really missed the most... But he keeps calling me a doll!!!
FFA trip was awesome! Just got done shopping, now at Wal-Mart for groceries. All in all, ended up being a great day. :)
cashing out !
Having a blast editing Brit Laurén Manor for my webseries "On Blind Faith"!
The lines at Walmart are always long. Like wtf, where are all y'alls workers?
Looking to work with 10 ppl to help them reach 6 figures within a yr. Call for details in the most lucrative industry 1-646-397-9817
like you, he can't stop napping
It's been too long since I walked around my hood. Said hello to the cat as it waited for fish/frogs, the muskrat, the red-winged blackbirds.
You know who's hot? Drew just completes Degrassi for me! (;
Happy Birthday ! (:
Hahaha! Me too :) What's Up? What r u doing?
Not at all. If like in the case of the RT there was absolutely ZERO context for the comment shared it wouldn't be meaningful.
Old guys do well in the playoffs.
Lack of sleep can weaken your immunity-go get some rest!
I'll be there early for some mimosas ;-)
Doing the wooble in line at Best Buy with my sister and two cousins.
So excited that you are going to be on five times a week!!!
Ok, my day is now ruined.
nice. are you going to visit in the Richmond office?
Bull. Crap. -______-
Hey babe, mommy misses you and wishes you were here. Forever and always, Rame.
Congrats, having a degree doesn't change the fact that you're probably an idiot...
We mix like #margaritas~ #YEE HAw~
New plan: young would-be bloggers must first spend five years doing a line-a-day diary that no one will ever read.
i wanna watch a movie :D
A3 Brought up an interesting idea for me...it says depending on importance of issue being researched, 40% response rate is possible
RT : Virginia GOP Vote Against Gay Judge Wasn't Bigotry ......It IS bigotry (not just in the past tense).
For those folks who need alittle push... the little train that could. The KISS method is.. Keep it simple stupid.
can I get a RT I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas, it would a be awesome for me i am a big Viking fan
FIRST ROW AT JANE'S ADDICTION DAVE NAVARRO WAS ROCKING THE FUCK OUT NOT EVEN A FOOT AWAY FROM ME AMAZING.
JERÔME ! How are you ????
Thank you Tracy! I miss you!!!!!!!!! :) I'm hardly EVER on here anymore! Life is to busy :(
And once we scan it, send it to ! Oops, here comes another tornado. Just kidding.
happy for you.
Whatever. Sure. I don't really care anymore.
@ darrin, this time I read it and thought moral, material, and social
please get a better camera guy that will zoom out a bit more. the footage was dizzying. Thanks.
what us shoot us down??
Happy Valentines!!!
if they not talking about you your doing shit just think of it as free marketing
Apparently it just takes the Sox a few innings to warm up at home.
So FAT Albert Is On haven't seen this in a while !
So I want to see Where we stand.
judging from your tweets this week, you really have. Lol.
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
omfg this girl is not reading her mentions !im trying to tell her justin is following her but she wont read mine haha !
havent been on this thing in forever! whats good twitter world?
DUO DIES
Wat I'm I Going To Wear Today Hm
What if oxygen was what made our voices deeper and helium brings them back to normal??? 💨☁
it's too quiet in this classroom. like everyone can hear me chewing goldfish. lolol.
it's nice to work through logic in the process of tweeting. Truly a therapeutic and productive medium
Have you heard the news? Manpower Professional and Comsys are now located in the same office: 7000 Central Parkway, Ste 950 in Atlanta, GA
How was everything last night? :)
are you on the Falls Bridge? If so I just passed you
I'm just cranky, okay?
He lied. In writing. RT : Hargrove was also 1 of those who admitted, helped investigation. That's why I don't think 8 games is fair.
That was terrible!
goodbye wonderful awesome boyfriend. see you in 4-6 weeks! sniff. ladies, wine party w/ me??
omg 😂 why am I now seeing this?!
Thanks for the following, yous guys!
Decided to move surgery to Monday, I'm not ruining this
who is kian & sam?
Men are born between a woman's legs &spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in between them because there's no place like home .(;
You need to come up with better code name Cj these are terrible! But you just wait.
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers & Tweet abt learning, health, brains, cool facts
I wish I was musically talented and could write songs about how amazing you are.
Martin McDonagh Project: Cripple of Inishmaan Opens THIS THURSDAY! You bet your lucky leprechaun you should be there!
Awesome Scratch Grilled Cheese - always great and still a top 5 indy dining destination for me.
Me too. Just like waiting for the Easter Bunny to deliver my candy.
Your Life & Mine - Just Surrender.
After 200 years of progress in science, medicine, education, agriculture, & industrial productivity, shouldn’t we B a lot happier than we R?
that's why I buy Foreign lol
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience. - J.P. Sartre
RT "Data, data everywhere, but not a thought to think" -- John Allen Paulos, Mathematician [nice quote; citation?]
maybe the calendar should be a new joint project? I still hurt from laughing so hard.
Yeah, she's leaving me here all alone because I have to be at work kind of early :-(
SWEETY "I'm down in the tall grass!" Y'all Straight Clown'n!
Sorry, you have to live in the US
Essential! RT Begin with changing your mindset. Think about the end goal always!
ur a lucky dude tonight
yumm I want some
Q6. First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! YOU NEED 2 STOP BY THE SMILING MOOSE IN PGH, PA 4 some KILLER FOOD & Drinks when in PGH! We RULE
I stayed the same weight throughout junior/senior year. Still the same weight in college lol.
Thank you for the follow Matt! Home sick today.
Today's schedule is full we don't have any available appointments. Time still available Wednesday & Thursday.
I think I deserve a white russian
what are you when you are all out of Monet?
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
she really was lol
- They have no permit tennis courts in Hoboken and over by the Hudson but there's usually a long wait
What is a commitee? It is a group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
RT : Jay Strack speaking to Metro Youth Ministers on leadership! Great stuff!
Think about how much sex appeal dance moves is going to have for the Believe Tour. Ahh, fuck.
It's not about page views vs. unique visitors. It's about choosing the right metrics 4 your situation & applying them. #seo brandguyblog.com
I sure can... which do you prefer?
Happy graduation to all my Columbia friends! I will be with you in alum life soon enough.
Congrats to athlete, 91 year old Leo Murso bringing home the gold medal in his division with a combined 2-game score of 151 pins!
Great #analytics session w PR guru at #RaganKPCTH in DC this am. And thx for the chat and hanging with us. Wow!
My sleep schedule has been messed up since Christmas break..
you or alec in a one on one battle? Talk around LA is that alex is getting in game shape
lmao! Thats why i lahb you ! You Always insult me and laugh at you!
I'm not going to lie, that made me happy. 
Best Part About Having My Own Crib, Being Single, And Living Alone Is I Go And Come When The FUCK I Please.
p.s. stop pretending you're a sweet little girl still...you've clearly been around the block.
Shout Out to all the Light Skinned Niggas waiting til "Refill" goes off on the Radio before they get out the Car & go to work
Have I mentioned how excited I am to watch on Sunday?!!! Woo
Jon Stewart killing it now re: Bushie spiking the football and RW hypocrisy.
Happy mothers day! I love my mommy :)
": On my way to Knotts Berry Farm :}" the car show?! :D
it would suck to carry groceries up a giant slide
Drawing sucks
hey how are you doing nice to see you on foursq radar again
That shit we had, I want that back
Michael Langley would like to restructure the business environment of Portland
Party All Night with 95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO- DJ CESAR TERCERO!! . $5 Shot of Don Julio, $5 Shot of Bushanan's Till
let me know if you need any help with your XHTML. Come to PDX, we'll study over tacos.
I TOTALLY AGREE W/WORLDS SUSPICIONS OF GREEDY ARROGANT VIOLENCE LOVING POLITICAL NEGOTIATORS; & THAT HILLARY THING 2; MAN IS SHE SICK!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow! If you ever need to speak to a brand expert on the West Coast, keep in mind.
"Can I have a coke please." "Is Pepsi alright?" ... IS MONOPOLY MONEY ALRIGHT?!
safe travels Jenn. See ya soon.
Fajita hell
And BTW, autism is NOT at all like cancer, AIDS, or diabetes, so you can cut that bullshit right out.
#fortunempw Warren Buffet interview.
A tail of two of my teams one goes on a 7 game losing streak, while the other is still undefeated
Nice! I am a former McNair scholar.
This summer, I'm going to change a lot. Everything. Will. Change.
I felt so loved today. (:
Oh...And they'll never get Belzoni either...Love to see him try that one.
Ty for the RT! I appreciate it
The best thing about love is loving you<3
mine has to,be sarahs keeks and Austin,Mahone
Dom def asked me what channel the hannah montana movie was on. Hahaha <3
Happy Easter. Know that Who You Are Does Make A Difference.
im glad hes not doin this game
I will! Love you Mandy!
Come watch the Pacers with us at Chumleys in Broad Ripple.
I was a fat kid in grade 5 and my teacher tried to flunk me. I was like I'M TOO BIG TO FAIL! But then I collapsed..due to sandwiches
I miss u punk !
Ayo wts good man,do you have a contact for production
Greatness is expendable in this era...
Why thank you veryy much for following. x)
I'm gonna unfollow you just for posting that nasty ass shit.
I just finished a 1.50 mi run with a time of 15:59 with Nike+ GPS.
plus i have work in the morning.
Goodbye to a legend in music and entertainment. Very sad to hear about Dick Clark's passing.
No harassing me, Kate!
I always do. Before and after. This pain is weird tho. I can't even move.
An I've hit that wall. #9moredaysofthis?
old school fridays at this spot in montclair..so much fun!
Planning for 2012 has begun & time to pass the virtual torch! It has been wonderful! Best~Paige
So i guess you think your fine.lol.did you notice how i put my hand on your stomache to make sure that wasn't a kangaroo pouch
hey babe:-) am I your Valentine Candice
Sean Paul - She Doesn't Mind [Official Music Video]
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes I wish we could all get together even though we are spread out all over:)
You are high on drugs. If we make it back to LA, you can go to their show and I will blow a homeless guy or something.
Easy...make me the winner! Less work for you!
I think I'm actually funny
Teen Wolf season 2? yes please.
Doing the unthinkable..Watching highlights from Super Bowl 42..Reminding myself why I want this game so much..
Children are great imitators. So give them something great to imitate.
are you expressing what you think about it or are the "intentionally prepositioned phrases" a matter of fact?
i knoww i agree and my mom said i have to pay for the meet and greet passes myself but its obvi worth it! im just confused
dude you should've competed again, would've been great to have a vet on the UT team!
“I have as much authority as the Pope. I just don't have as many people who believe it.” -George Carlin
#Spring is tomorrow #Boston...whose ready for some nice weather?! :)
When Amare Stoudemire fouled out last night, the Heat's announcer said he had been "extinguished from the game." The Heat later apologized.
s/o B-Diamendz & Cutty partying at
busy busy busy
I swear, our socks combined partially block out the sun
May 3, 2012 – May 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage will be open.
i cant believe how old im getting
Lunch at State Corp Comm'n cafe: fried catfish, limas, mashed, and cornbread. And cream soda. Oof.
Today we celebrate Umoja - Unity Happy Kwanzaa! Come celebrate with us on December 31 (Kuumba - Creativity)
God damn. I can't wait to work out tonight and get all this shit out.
Social Security possible cuts; first give married women their half in their own account of the joint returns; retroactive. Undo male purse
Ten gallons of low IBU porter/stout hybrid, half pitched with irish yeast, halfwith English yeast...kegging english pale ale later today
Good to know, thanks. I guess you come up for "Facebook Pages" because of the Facebook URL in description.
Gooddogs hotdogs in our parking lot tomorrow for lunch.Come see Walter de Maria and eat a dog on the bookstore patio--fall begins!
Congrats to for the IPO release today!!!
Pool day, come by and chill out at the house
Yes Greg motley is still going 2 play with a back spasma it does hurt
OH: never piss off an alpha nerd. They have the ability to take over google search results. (tee hee )
Please stick to the rivers and those lakes that your use to...
- DAMN. Pulp will likely be playing as I'm driving home. :^/ I wanna see Madness!
(regardless, please note: we miss Verlander in this trip.)
I look to you Lord
Claire Danes ’ sleek and shiny hairstyle
I need real people though.
I would kill to be able to pay someone $5 a month for a gmail like service without the ads.
My cousin just tired to kiss me on the lips...
I need to too tell some good songs if you find any
how is L-Boog doin? Why dont she show her face? We miss her
I have all I can eat pork at home. Did I mention the 15 lb pork shoulder? :)
Meeting of the creative minds... Enjoyed hanging out with you and - alot of great ideas!
It's one of my favorite days of the year! Winding down now, nine hours later
yes they're PERFECT omg
hahaha! I'm sorry, I <3 you!
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
and honestly at the end of the day not even worth the stress!!! It's a big bowl of bull if u ask me!
#wiw11 If You Knew Me You Would Care campaign featuring rape victims in the Congo and telling their individual stories. Knowing = Caring
Love the new look of the iPhone app!
holy mother of early mornings! :) it's 11am. :).
just gettin his bronze on leave the puppy alone
lol I love that game, that's one of my fav dances to do cus I do pretty good on it, but u dance ALOT better then me lol <21
21300 going to 3/6 after break, 48 left 5.3 up top, 9 pay, people making a lot of mistakes, hope i can get some chips, morale high
Ha! Some party animal. It's only 9:00 here and I'm dragging. Good night, Kathy. Thanks for the tips.
nope thats my only wish<21
CRAP I lost 4 or 5 month's worth of #HamRadio contact info :s PLZ, if u had a QSO w/KE7TDY between Dec'11 & today, DM me the info!
I don't plan on having to hear "Happy Mother's Day, Nek" for at least four years. I know that is one tough job. I respect all who do it
up early today for no good reason... might as well turn on cnn and study for
