Where do you get your favorite battery operated boyfriend?
enjoy the set? :)
were u located
's Island Divine is on 5/5. SD's best bites/sips & an amazing auction. Proceeds benefit the great things JLSD does for SD.
Cats are for the birds!!
Last game I won $25gc & purchased 1. Neither came. I emailed was told they would send them. I have screencaps & CC receipt
has the best style, i seriously want your wardrobe!? any tips?! xo
Too oftenRT : That awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone or computer and your parents ask you who you're talking to.
Who needs follow-backs?
Kaseem Reed representing Atlanta !
you're the shit man can't wait to keep you updated with my upcoming gigs
CORRECTION: hosting w/ & Our is #LiveAtState today + Many #NATO activities today!
College night is ON! Come join us for some great dancing tonight!
well i guess might not go to semi :(
- Yes. I had someone tell me something that was so disturbing about a medical condition & I'm scarred for life. Gladly no photos.
YES! #niallwhipshispenis IS UP!!!!!! I AM SO HAPPY AAHAHAHA
My last delayed flight was bcuz they "ran out of fuel". What they meant to say is they spilled it all over the f'in tarmac.
direct message on my tweet when you'll be back @ the office so I can come up to the forth or sixth floor or we can talk on my floor
Time for a Swim System COUP!!! Just type in "TACO" and $15 off the swim system ALL DAY!!
Getting back on the paddles at Community Day. #Madden13 Coffee to the dome first
is at the Indianapolis Arts Center.
have some stuff to tell u *** important*** write back please
When I get this French down, please believe I'm going to moan and speak French like Janet in "Funny How Time Flies"
-waves from the South to the North- I used to live up there in Chicago! Yankee at heart <3
who are you voting for and why?
You're welcome! Thanks for following me, too! :)
Ready to bring home the gold!
Jira+GreenHopper leaves a bit to desired. Don't forget to choose Scrum Template. But why should I have to?
We're 236 followers away from two new on set photos.Help us meet people by Retweeting us or telling your friends to follow
happy Valentines day :)
If u call AT&T uverse they will leave u on hold 4 ever.
Gm people
"Gabbie has a fake baby!" Gosh these kindergarteners are acting like I cut off their left toe.
Also, I can't wait for to come back this fall!
Dunno. But if they included who goes to work at hedge funds and in finance, the list would look pretty much the same.
I think you made a mistake.
If you read this, Mr. FIOS guy, yes, you did sense some awkwardness when you came to my front door.
just got the best back scratch from my lovely wife !
how difficult was it? were there strict template(s) that needed to be followed?
Off to rehearsal. I am not distracted...
hey Tiffany, what is the shade of foundation you use in the winter routine video?
Barron lays the fucking wood!!! Dolphins up, fingers crossed, let's not fuck it up this year phins
Webster NY is FUN! Get your laugh on at the comedy club!
I'm in the mood to play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Haven't had a drop in over a week....first four days were rough, but much better now. How about you?
follow me please i love you and your music!!!!
looks yummy
Fuck. I forgot my coffee at home. Its going to be a long day!
New #patCAST tonight!
yesssuh I do. DM me. Thanks
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
Hell yeah... It took me 20 secs to load this tweet!
RT Hello dahlings-running to speech therapy with kid 3 this am.Apparently people BESIDES me should understand him Who knew?
Cant wait for the links! Pres went well, w/some minor tech difficulty. it's about the process and learning :)
Indeed. I'm opting for slacks & layered tops because I'm always hot, want to be comfy, look professional by day and cute by night!
Cram it in your cram-hole. RT Nesta to RBNY makes sense. Their DPs rarely play which would suit the lifestyle he is looking for...
so exciting. I have class the following weekend so let's try to nail down a day in May :)
holy damn Raul!!!
thanks for letting me know you were in Milwaukee this weekend, great friend
aww..bummer. Didn't see this before my last post.
Sundays I'm at the daily aztec still! How's fox?
"And that's the way the cookie crumbles." "WKBW - Wimpy Kiddie Baby Winers! That's what that stands for!"
when you want to talk to someone but want them to text you first <<<<
Rush gets to the essence of right wing opposition to birth control: women who use it are sluts and whores. So who does he sleep with?
“ I fucking hate slow texters man”} agreed
INTENTIONAL GROUNDING BABY!!!
truth is strange. :-)
it'll be a long time before you feel me nigga.. If ever lol
I wake up this moring in a great mood, I got this call from my university instructor that my assignment I worked all week on, showed a blank
praise dancing or contemporary hip hop? *sigh* confused
shut up
No matter how hard it is, never give up!
So be on the look out for more updates either on here or on Facebook. later nerds.
Say adina, adina, my c**chie make you scream say adina n**ga
I love you, but I'm done chasing you.
Why cant you just move away, and let me live my life?
Rice noodles for lunch...
Eggy bread & syrup for breakfast, m:)
gotta come up with excuse to miss work!
That Doritos commercial where the guy sucks the cheese off the other guys finger is so NASTY. lls
you haven't gone for like two weeks
Gotta love Boilers are the real deal at 18-4, hitting .346 as a team! #AreTheyUsingTheOldBats?
lol I'm gonna try! U have a GREAT wknd too buddy :)
Do my free range eggs cancel out my non free range goetta?
did you take her class
give me a dollar
Just found the Care Bears movie on Netflix. I'm now convinced the evil talking book that makes people stop caring must be Atlas Shrugged.
Your going to UCA??!!
you're doing it wrong
I think it might be a scrap book his mom made to encourage his hobby.
not bustin...you have good compass for these things...my confusion
Most uncomfortable feeling :/ RT : When guys stare at you through out the entire bus ride -.-
Game Tech Number
Thanks for the retweets
And I cant let that happen again cause then youll see my heart In the saddest state its ever been This is no place to try and live my life
LETS GO DALLAS!!!
how funny let's hope u didn't know him from school that would b the worst
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them. - Harold J. Smith
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Fake Punt
Thanks for the mention of our real estate office at The Betty Brinn Children's Museum
If y'all make it to the HOPE market, be sure and introduce yourselves... >:o) --bryce
Ding ding ding! It's SO disingenuous it's staggering.
*Drake voice* Hell yea.... Hell yea....hell yea lol
Southern Career College Launches $100,000 Information Technology Lab
Braun now 0-9 on the homestand. #Brewers still with good chance to be 3-0 in those games. That bodes well for the Crew. Ramirez heating up!
Call & thank your #donors, and that's it. Don't survey. Don't ask for advice. Just
Is Gary Carter 4 or is he a new number 1? Dreary thought, huh?
Does your home cleaner do this: quickly convert within a few days to water&carbon dioxide when in contact w/ natural bacteria in water&soil.
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome weekend!
Just left the gunshow, need a damn AR-15.
I have heard of Wegmans but never lived in a state with one.
preferred mechanism.
If hockey fights were fake, you would see me in more of them.-- Rod Gilbert
One hour until festival time! Share your pics & experiences with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
Have you ever been alone in a crowded room? When I'm here with you!
So good to see you yesterday xo
OHMYGOD only 1 more follower for 900 (: Help me??? Almost to my goal of 1000
This grandma...what the...? They had a naughty granny a few seasons ago.
My chick bad, looking like a bag of money.
its annoying tho
More time, more lives: New authorisation to make life-saving treatment available to ischaemic stroke patients ...
NYC subway. A nightmare on the Q in Brooklyn. No service after Prospect, shuttle buses. No 2 or 3 train. They made us pay for this, WTF!
Going to miss youu don't be too crazy without me! :)
I need the statistician who predicted the #redsox would win 101 games this season to come give me a personal pep talk. Preferably, soon.
#milwaukee Our mill is growing!Not many companies can do what we do and we are proud of it! Mill,hardware, custom cabinets and millwork
Let's see who John Waters picks! Good Luck!
*reaches up to pull the gummy out, along with a goodly amount of hair* Oops. Did that hurt?
I understand what you sayin' home girl.
Something strange is amuck...
- love the home page!
Aztec fans, follow and for all your #aztec basketball news. SDSU student reporters, as local as you can get.
you got your "tweeter" lmao!
Have a fantastic weekend!
Can't wait to see at the hard rock tomorrow with !!
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We're already thinking about dinner. Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
Tonight from 10 to midnight $2 everything Mention us at the door for the hook up.
Bill Hancock of BCS just told us that BCS/Conf Commissioners will meet soon 2 discuss 4-team playoff options. Want 2 finalize by erly summer
meant lights not mirrors.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO TAMPA???? I want to meet you soo bad! Pleasee follow me...<3
Happens to the best of us ;-)
LMFAOOOOOO DARIUS IS SO GAYY! IM DYING OVER HERE!!!!!!!!!!!
what about them gold dollars worth like 100 each, they got it marked down to like 4 for 20 lmfao
Hit the follow button
69 is my new favorite number
Kind of amazing that I've lived in NYC 2.5 years and I JUST saw my first man wearing a dress on the subway.
Now PHX --> MSP for Mother's Day :) already miss the sweet grandmothers I sat next to during OAK --> PHX
sorry sorry. Just this once!
I hope so too! I'll be there volunteering tomorrow!
Email volume is dropping in anticipation of the holiday week coming up. It's like a pre-vacation vacation.
Next time you have a tour. Make sure to go to Orlando! Hahah. :)
Spreading the word for SlapSkateboards!!
Track was good.
": Found a part of me that I thought died two years ago."the dank drummer you USED to be?
Almost six hours of sleep?!
That's true, re: control issue. The alternative to "immersion" is often game-as-mechanical-operation.
Lmao! RT : Dario better start following me before I un follow !! Lol
Is stupid excited to have finally found a taco shop in Denver that has a California burrito!
Yes, the #CIO role is evolving. And the markets will fluctuate.
isn't Pixar still working on Doctor Strange movie???
thanks for the favorites!
what are we going to do now? Our own livestream show and video blog? WATIN "Where Are the Interns Now"?
...and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. 1 Corinthians 13:2
I used to live in Menomenee Falls. Their 24 hour Wal-Mart is the shit! lmaooo
thank you all for following
My wife is trying to convince me to join PNC bank. That's like joining Satan.
Hahaha another gr8 Robert Patrick performance
Had so much fun with you during the shoot today! Can't wait for the boat parade!
lets face it Kirstie....your hot too
Does that still mean I passed the class?
The song is so much better without the words!! Same goes for Dada Life's Happy Violence
Thanks guys!
Now that Maeve gave me my phone back...STRIKE EM OUT THROW EM OUT!!!
a band stupid
Just marry me <3 haha RT I watch How I Met Your Mother all the time. I'm obsessed with this show.
relaxin with the roomie and a scary movie.
I'll keep drinking and you'll keep getting skinnier, I'm just like you only prettier <3
I guess u never really know a chick until u chill with them one on one
Freshwater Shrimp Experts on www.tankscapers.com
Well, maybe me and this girl can both be the break in other's string of bad luck.
loved the concert. Look for a blog post soon. Hope to "accidentally" run into you again in CV.
My mama never let me sleep in a messy room
My pool is uncomfortably warm. 😳 it's more like a hot tub.
me too, why do we go this long without eachother?!? It's not right.
I have to admit that I'm relieved that today's games are rained out. I can really use a free Saturday.
Happy Birthday Shakespeare!
I wish we could more Polynesians & Islanders to join but I guess it isn't something people are very proud of.
Time for me to go into a studying hole.
#NotAGoodLook when you fresh & ya kids amess!!
#foodthathascrackinit m peanut butter and crack sandwich!
Hey, dude, not only are your two adorable Scotties not bothering me, I don't think they're physically capable of being a handful.
a upstream would be cool. I'd give up my beauty sleep :)
She is really blowing me right now
You are correct that this is fascinating to me!
Love the new Twitter layout. Looks good!
spring break should be fun (:
Blasted 140 char limit. I read a poem I wrote and sang Deh Vieni Non Tardar from The Marriage of Figaro. I did great!
“: True love is like a pair of socks you gotta have two and they've gotta match<3”. So true!:)
4/14/2012 was the 1st day of no poetry for this National Poetry Month... I guess the day I wrote 4 poems in one day gives me a pass?
RT Don't worry #Pisces don't discriminate.
Reading "The Sandman" always makes me want to write a graphic novel.
great and u?
Fair Trade, organic, recycled, well priced, well made clothes. Great stuff for the kids too.
More info please . . .
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
i can not wait till saturday!!!(;
we @ #OneLongDay are humbled by your faith in our film being considered representative of this great festival! Thank U!
The whale is 's voice. Epic movie ;)
nice to have a beta that can handle traffic properly for a change!
haha but mt dew isn't "clear." ;)
we so y0l0
Ask about the Facebook special when you stop by. It's a FREE farm fresh egg upgrade when you check-in at our cart on FB. Valid thru Friday.
Awww! I missed that! Thanks guys!
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
We want to thank some of our partners Power96 Univision Radio and La Nueva Mega 94.9 for being part of Calle Ocho !!!
Great to connect on FB, too - done! We spotlight The Process on our FB, too - it really is an art! Thx guys :-)
I hope they switch our shift from 6:30am to 3pm at work!!! Thatd be so winning!!
En route to LA for office move and KCET Cinema Series Screening of the James Coburn Classic Waterhole
Survival job begins today. I'll be making your coffee. Watch out.
signing off the air waves with with the and only Paulie Rocco Good night! See you next sunday!
i feel like she was faking it
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Every bodies Mellow as Shit.... Tighten Up.
No problem. '86 Sox still top the '89 Tigers.
Though the death will oh yes will come and willtake lives away everyday. Though if the wonderul beauty of your past comes too.
yeah, that whole containing your laughter thing doesn't happen with this girl haha i can never help it.
how can you say finally?! I've been watching for 4 years....and you? Like 4 months, if that?!
Hey baby how you doin
Trending topic: BEST band and WORST band from the 80's. GO!
Idea: Crafting and Craft Beers, who's down? Send us suggestions.
What do you think about pro-lifers who are pro-death penalty? Contradiction?
The participants of a leader prep course said this: "finally! Less words and more visuals. Inst is not reading anymore"
Thank u lls
Sent you a follow request in kind - pleased to meet you!
i need more followers !
Very! And as an artist, you inspire others. :)
Haha thank you so much!! I like my name too.. who loves orange soda?
These last few days the online marketing world had been flipped upside down....
I messages you again because I sent you the wrong number.
How about a social media funny...A guy from NC booked an appt for Dawn Saunders, LMT in NC on my ABQ, NM website. Great moment
b ready 4a twist! ": Catchin up on Grey's on ths flight...I'm confusd I feel like the shw is ending or maybe ppl are leavin"
check out the BMW hanging over a small wall from a parking lot. Its at auraria parkway and 7th street. Sorry no pic.
Good luck with today's announcement!
Apologize but I'm in on the joke....<3
you're a doll. I'll say it though - please don't feed the models! ;)
thank you someone understands
My friend was driving going 78 in a 55 mph zone, when a state trooper coming the other way pulled around and pulled her over. My blonde f...
great to meet you tonight.
All right, no more Boeing puns; I've got red beans to make.
Wow that's why Kotchman is batting .188
Grandma's house, Auntie's place, anywhere someone else does the cooking. Do you travel for the holiday?
(Sorry, Mel: wrong number!)
I was gonna make an anal joke, butt fuck it.
I used to work with a guy whose last name was Eggenberg. To make matters worse, he looked like Humpty Dumpty.
Mocha is why I will be leaving you some bottles of wine on the counter :)
Pain is inevitable, Suffering is optional. Author Unknown
her:wat about me:lets talk me:us her:wat about? me:damn! me:yeah but my heher:hello..hello..u there? hearts not
Started off (what apparently is) #dayofdh with a very productive convo with Now to dive into those Blackwell Companions...
In meetings all day...mastering the closed mouth yawn.
thank you :D
shit, you need patience & tolerance just for yourself lol
RT Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do-John Maxwell
- finah gone head n log out !!! soo goodniqht peoples !!!
“: There's nothing wrong with talking to yourself out loud...” phew that's good to know! I think Reese was starting to judge me.
I know money comes and goes, I just wish it would stay awhile.
shot out to
so if they have restricted NAT type we can not get into a party with each other?
i signed up, caught up in the hype, but I never use it :p any good?
Yum, Krispy Kreme. Hooray Central Market!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 5
Dont sweat it. Call me whenever. Ill make some time for you.
thank you Jen:)
It's the journey that matters, and not how much knowledge you may amass. We're happy to hear about your obsession.
To help cut road toll (1) impose tougher fines (2) improve public transport systems across states
Okay, don't have to ask me twice :)
I've always wanted an ipod
I think I'll make the first po boy oyster.
I wish!
Working on getting payment processor up and running. Launch could be postponed another week. Stay tuned for further updates.
Where do you guys want to see us play this summer?
lol and Tuesday, Wednesday etc : ) Some good twitter material here
Great examples of projects on Web 2.0 tools, check TIE sessions for presentation agenda. Audience sharing great personal stories.
And its raining
Watching our lads from playing on #ESPNU. They're working hard vs. #9 Montrose Christian.
My head is pounding & Tylenol is not working. :/
windmill? On 3 defenders...
A Sequel to Anchorman? what a waste of time/money/energy/life
Cheering for Rory to the finish!
On my way to the stadium!
and perhaps telling people about "our" Post & the website www.Historic-FortMyer.com - comments on the website too!
Non fat milk lol
Ladies sitting next to me in the library discussing the last pairs of shoes they bought.
how are you? you playing tonight?
Nice... #2ndHandBabyGrand bloody BRILLIANT fusion of #nbcsmash concept/story/song >hattip<
Katie I love you!! Text me!
yo what's your email?
Thank you for showing me who you are underneath.
": Ballots in the mail......team hope you win this election sir"~Thanks good brother.
They are trusting you with their health
folow back? :D
My pleasure. Thanks for sharing my film "Have I Shared Too Much"
we both got our twitter handles from dat nigga LOL
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the KEY to unlocking our potential.
“: we really don't need your acceptance. You can keep it!” THIS
thanks! Hope you enjoyed!
Almost done with two hot songs LESS GO
Just edited audio for about 30mins w/ my earphones on before realizing I unplugged them this morning in a mtg.
I think he just went from luxury to necessity
Leather Co. on Southland?
Are you mourning this Larry Stevenson guy? Talking about him on NPR right now.
about 2 replace my ceiling fan in the outside patio..another fun day of do it yourself construction and work till 2am doing security later
for sure. #100 it is. Bringing about 57 hours of date experience your way.
#SustUnbound acting out of concern for others could paradoxically be most efficacious in bringing about social change (eg, as in Resistance)
What's going on with blogger or is it just my web browser?
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never. Sir Winston Churchill
hey man, me either - thanks dude!
That is so sweet Bailey! I'm glad you liked it!!! Any favorite?
Those who dare do; those who dare not, do not.
OMG Jordis Unga is on #TheVoice , I remember her from Rockstar INXS, she's fabulous
follow more people haha
don't forget 2nd life for your avatar!
remove them obstacles sis! Love you!
abouta play black ops wit my baby soon ;D
Goodnight I love you <3
Can't wait for it!(:<3 skipping soccer practice to watch it!! Dedication or what?! Haha(:
yes... or on a web page.. then you find out the truth.. do not want to find out they are horrible
Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies Wins Two Coveted Awards for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
follow me!!
Soo tired of the negativity.
If the extremists and conspiracy theorists think Osama is alive, they should simply get the Jihadist to cut a new video tape. Let's see it!
i try to be. And dont worry our sons shal also be gentelmen
sounds cool. Different!
Don't worry, the wind won't blow off the top of a PPSS snowcone :) Come see us!
you should check out our app. It will really help you master iPad typing.
Another day of work, another day of training a dude. Hooray.
Learn Clickbank - The Clickbank Code Review
Thanks so much my peeps!!! What a bomb opportunity!
Thank you everyone who is following me
my dad needs to come back from golfing already and bring me my damned mashed potatoes and mac and cheese from kfc.
Encouragement of content creation shouldn't just be associated w/ age/developmental phase - (cc all of my adult literacy pals)
Let's go Giant!!!
If you want to make your business more professional &appealing, list business policies with your Google Places.
They don't care about a bunch of inner city kids not getting an education.
Life-chasing,no time to be wasting,inside this transformation, headed for greatness,listening to what God is thinking,ship no longer sinking
and to make it worse..shes a "dangerous" dog..shes a red nose pit
My room is a mess.
Please let me board this train so I can pass the heck out. #Nero'd
is the cutest shop! And it smells so freaking good. Everyone go check it out!
Sounds fab. I should hop on a plane before the Jubilee and Olympics mayhem. My pal has a spare flat & I need a vacation.
I wish we could go back to the way things were
lmao I didn't start it.
u got one
Not to be controversial, but I don't think Pinterest is all that great-Just makes me want things I can never buy
Happy Valentines Day, we are @ Farragut Square (corner of 17th y K st), love and the smell of tacos are in the air. Let's get it on DC.
I really hope so bc I will hop on that shit
Got 200K with 24 left. Just got moved to ridiculously tough table.
a great way to remove haters is to block em.... 
For this cafe, sudden downpours are good for business.
Hit a great workshop with casting director Michael Testa last night...headed the Crosstown set to boom!...yes, autocorrect that's 3 o's!!!
Strength is a well that never dries. Own it ,draw from it and keep it pushin. vonchell
What does it take to get one of those bowling balls?
you can tweet Pete , this account is ran by as a whole. :)
Don't forget the last day of MDA boot drive is on Saturday!
Ryan Lochte seemed pretty confident Michael Phelps will swim the 400 IM this summer.
Need female #singer #songwriter for #collaboration with known #EDM #producer. Email me a sample
You are the best.
aye what up what's your email?
How's the New Year so far?
you're the only person in pf i havent met. this needs to change. :(
Heard Muzak in Walgreen's drugstore--the Ramones' "I Wanna Be Sedated."
On the way home from cousins grad party,
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) - Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck has won the Walter Camp Foundation's award as college football's player of the year
I will b there for my bday in Sept. So b ready cause Im kickin it EXTRA HARD!
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
handle yo business boo.
lol their expensive and we aren't buying them all unless people throw in
mine seem to be doing alright
make the heat go away,
GO Yankees #BeatBaltimore AND GO RANGERS
Glad to hear! RT : Just took a dance class called 'Tease' with loved it!!
YOU HAVE TWITTER?! holla!!
: JTPR offers strategically smart communications for companies that want results and honest, straightforward advice and counsel.
I would hire you in a heartbeat!! If you ever get to Madison look me up!
swear ma son gt anger issues
I totally love this exchange. AND, he deserves it.
you can make anything look gorgeous.
RT : Come in on Friday or Saturday to celebrate Cinco De Mayo and get a #Free Taco Coupon w/ any purchase valid for the 6-15th
Good Morning... Happy Weekend :)
Salsa tonight ! Newcomer and Intermediate classes start at 8pm. See you tonight.
Hey guys go check out for the fallen dreams ;D you will love em
1963 - Demonstrations against the Vietnamese Government by Buddhist protesters wanting to fly flags
"You just gave away all your vodka" "that's what Jesus would do"
what #everythingmustchange joints you wanna hear at my show may 5?
NO. With all due respect team chemistry is more important. They are lazy and selfish. Let 'em sit and learn a hard lesson.
Redemption comes in many shapes with many kinds of pain.
Justin sounded amazing, fuck faces.
Keep track of your intention:)
The arts r an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress. H.Willem Van Loon
Since I Accidentley slept in and didn't go to school today .. I think it's time for bed Lol 😜💤
Thanks for the RT. Maybe we'll get to hand you a tamale or two tomorrow!
3 tickets left for MY ASIAN MOM for $5!!!!!
yay! thanks! Figured I might get through to you guys through twitter. Tell E I love him!
Unfollowed a lot of shit accounts.
#WilliamLevy is so Yummy! Lol!!! OMG I almost died with that last dance... He's so hot
Food for thought: Even if other boats sink, your boat will not rise.
Awesome! Who says all the news coming out of Syracuse University is bad these days?
Pinterest newsfeed = feels like you're just watching someone surf the web
I want to play football one day this week
Thank God people can't here what I'm thinking! :o haha
No.. I had to take a break for a year. I'll still be doing privates so I can see y'all there! Miss everybody so so so much!
LOL. I know right! I was rushing to make this meeting downtown, but I'm the only one here, they are late too...
Alright kiddos. Time to strap on some spandex and get to riderin'! RIDERIN'!!! WHAT'S YOUR PRICE FOR FLIGHT!?!
I'll DT you right quick.
Full House is on!!
If #writers need an "eLiterate" web designer who really gets books, is the best in the business.
My choc. lab barks incessantly during storms wanting to go out in it. Drives me nuts!!
never try to make a permanent decision based on temporary feelings
negative nancy
You know, I was hesitant about the Comcast Modem+Router combo unit, but at 36 down and 6 up, I really don't care.
. had a drink last night that tasted like steak sauce. It was incredible.
Cinco de drinko party :) bring on the mexican beer, guacamole, enchiladas and queso.
Thanks! It should be tons of fun. Wish you could be there too!
Only way I'd be let down on being excused from jury duty is if I missed out on an awesome case which around here is highly unlikely
hahaha.. “: My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always dreamed of.”
In Westwood on Westwood Blvd and La Content Ave on corner. Come get chocolate ZICO!!!!
I can't wait!
Today is my son's 3rd birthday - reminds me what is most important in life - love and family.
RT : I don't see how people can break up and move on to a different person, while I go right back to the same person.
I'm a hunter, i'll find you
In final stages of completing manuals/job aides for hospice project in Florida; instruction starts at end of month
Looks yummy!
Looking for ideas for renting / borrowing a funky / vintage photo booth of some kind for the next academic year. Suggestions?
That's what free beer is for?
Beyond stressed . I want school to be over !
Dont worry...be
Imma send you a link! Via Dropbox! It'll change your #Life I promise
#designers & #devs... Thinking bout getting an MBP 15 or an MB Air 13. What do u think? Is the small screen/less storage a significant loss?
Going to see American reunion wit my niggas
So excited for the weekend! Getting my kiddo fix with the nieces and nephew!
Iron Monkey is on.
lol. They still do, n sorry for the late response XD
all we do is smoke n fuck
cool, I need to learn how to do that!
hey zendaya fans how are today????
Listening to Judy Collins reminds me of being in the back seat of a dodge dart on a hot humid day in the 70s.
His name is Abraham (:
Hey Kerry! A birdy told me you are a big Country Music fan! Is that true?
If more people went to Stubby's (across from LCCC) to play music, I wouldn't 've had to. For so long. Not even my gig.
being this pretty ain't eazy
Kate curled my hair, and i feel so pretty!! i even went to work looking like i should have a tierra on my head, that is how done my hair was
Hey follow back
Never will i regret ths night!!
There is something seriously wrong with me when I know the song in , season 3, ep 6 is the same in the SATC series finale.
RT : #digitaltext class is canceled tonight.
Can u delete them Plz bruh
i need September 30th to come right now, the wait is killing me!!!!!
Going to be at Teen hoot this summer right?! (:
This happens to me ALL the time :/
voted for you trish!:) your so sweet<3
nigga just give up you are making a fool of yourself
Are there any RPR traffic numbers you can share? Monthly uniques, page views, etc.
Dam I wish I was chopped right now just be chillin chopped and listening to sum music but shit I'm chillin watchin how high
dear bitch who I work with that I dislike, please go away and do not bother me again. Oh and don't act like you know more than me. you dont.
Now following back (:
Amazing how many different fantasy platforms exist. Learning a great deal here at the FSTA convention.
Wow, our prayers are with you Japan...
lol yes ma'am
We want you back can i get a replay. your the best of the best
Fun show last night! Thanks to everyone who came down!! Cheers,
As God is my witness-I have NO idea what to do next.
What if I used a belt as a tie? would that be equally cool?
I don't get why people have phones if they aren't going to use them
Happy birthday to one of my bestest besties ! Love you girl!
You're a kind and beautiful human. Xoxo
What do you mean?
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.-- Peace Pilgrim
Its my new ringtone... and I'm so happy with it...
Panelists (continued) Jon Howland (), Jennifer Wislocki ()
force/collision meet twitter... twitter meet force/collision
ok thanks :)
So excited for a friend that got engaged on the Seine in Paris last weekend! :) So romantic!
"One does not simply walk into Mordor."
God doesn't put things in your life that he knows you can't handle.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along. -Rumi
Best Philly cheasesteak in town
I'm on the bicycle so I don't think downtown is on the list... Check your DM sending you my #
It will be better ♥
agreed -- quite a silly article with some valid points!
This song is coming out really good. go it!
a thousand miles seems pretty far, but they've got planes and trains and cars, I'd walk to you if I had no other way.
cole's head is swollen larger dan his GUTS
My productivity at work has now reached an all time low.
you got that right.
I hope so too your sake!
2 number #2 seeds go down in one day! Wow I am amazed haha! But i hate duke!
Happy Birthday !
Twitter is much better with football back!
#denverleadership Ersek talking about their locations all over the world...65million people use them every year.
Strawberries and champagne ... now it feels like the end of my birthday weekend!!
that would be wonderful! LMKthe dates and area u r staying n - we will make a fun plan! xo
To be fair legislation is more lengthy and complex now. Would not be surprised if filibuster to word ratio has dropped.
Listening to skrillex eating, Cheese whiz.
completely agree
On the bright side, wasn't in charge of getting Bin Laden's address.
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F FAIR: 68F FAIR
Thanks Jeff! We make a great team!
No that's not it, but very interesting. I should be able to share my video tomorrow.
NYC ed struggles: no layoffs but lost 7,000 teachers and student populations have gone way up.
did you know one minute of kissing burns 26 calories no wonder sluts are so damn skinny;)
I can't see this pic u put ???
RT : One Link...One Click...One Scan...Your Complete Online Presence! Check out ==>
no way. The photogenic gene passed right over me.
Yes, I think a lot of home business owners are not aware of what their HO policy won't cover.
RT Belief in God, without belief in the Prophet (SAWW), would still be unbelief.
The Strip Is NOT The Place To Be
It's Thursday! :)
Nice! RT : Dreams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them. Be patient.
You remind me of a landshark
its still not the same like watching it live
If you're against "gay marriage," then don't marry a gay person....that's oversimplification, I guess. Or...is it?
Suggestions on places to eat in downtown Milwaukee?
#Stanford 2nd leading scorer SR Josh Owens already has 9 its early. Could be an issue for #UMass down low. Stanford leads 16-11 14:00
Think i may go couch surfing this weekend
Is it really bad to eat raw cookie dough? I think that's unrealistic.
ugh you should've just gone with him
i can not wait for S2 of teen wolf. I was waiting for S2 of the gates until i saw you in teen wolf.
Been a busy, but very good day! Love days like this!
You know summer is over when your sandals start flip-flopping south for the winter.
Use code "BLKFRDY" and get 15% off. Shipped shirt for under $20.00 ! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
it sucks but aye shit happens and it's sometimes ours of our control we just have to learn to deal with it
Feeling good, Feeling Great! Sunday = Myday
We're in search of a Male host for our competition. To Apply, send email with info\Pic to . You will Co-host with female.
Yes; will continue, and we're on track to post our 1000th picture of the Lawn during Final Exercises.
the fresh fruit and the tennis lessons and the sunny days have together conspired to change you, indeed.
Really happy to have shared a #NASCAR World Series with Katie and my Dad. Jimmie wins fair and square and the #29 drove his nuts off.
Shame both sets can't learn from one another, I say
AudioInflux about to rock the stage. Then RootsCollider. Homegrown is the place to be.
Had to leave lots of people behind, change the love in my heart to a next man, keep focused on my goal and praying =happy & stress free life
I've wished for the same thing on 11:11 forever. WHY WONT IT HAPPEN. SCREW YOU 11:11 -__-
on my way to see
#KPUHuntsman huntsman is introduced
Love looking out into a crowd and seeing familiar faces of those who love and support me as an artist and as a person.
Dave, let me know if I can help you with the book.
Orphan works, the bane of my existence right now. Too bad file metadata is a fairly new concept!
S/O Headkick ko. It's showtime 69 sec
Thanks for the follow!!
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk
Why do you think that? I think that used to be a problem of his... Not anymore.
Dude had game...sad to see him go.
‏ Thanks for following!
Of course, strategic goals must be the foundation of social media efforts. Engagement & brand activity can lead to ROI
a mind is a terrible thing to waste
He said "why do you like girls?" I said "why tf u lik gurlz?!"
Oh WOW! I just saw an ad on TV of Janet Jackson selling Nutri-System!
Try not to do anything with The Nuge that attracts Secret Service attention... hahaha. See you Sunday at Dell Diamond!
goodnight Peyton, I hope u have sweet dreams and I hope u feel better soon <21
Sorry-I've already submitted final TC 5.09 to Chronicle. However, this is a great post & I plan to link to it on my blog! Thx.
wait so how do u know tht Juliet made Andy cut his hair?
Roses are red violets are blue, god made me pretty, what the hell happened to you?!
Sumbody point me in da direction of #85 DAVIS...I might give him sum today... Sry hun...
check us out on Facebook - Tonja Colima Linda
NEVER CALM DOWN BECAUSE OF BASEBALL!
Is it bad that I can't cry or worry? Shit I am dead inside..
Cinemagr.am is cool. It's basically an easier way to create an animate GIF.
1. a person or thing that does something, especially a person who gets things done with vigor and efficiency.
RT : Follow Friday all-stars:
And you're a failure at life. Get a job.
I'm hungry but if I eat now come 4 hours from now I'll be hungrier then ever homeless person on earth ...
i love mrs. dickenson.
best part about Google+ with Twitter = we talk shit on all you late adapters who act too cool to join then join years later.
You should probably do both to cover your bets
Loving all out blitz on the #royals, its #ourtime to revolt and show that
to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional...
Rangers just sealed the deal!
RT : InSquared morning sessions: hacking education w/ and in room 433
If you are in Atlanta and headed to the #PPD event, don't forget school supplies!
OKAY JENNY CALL ME @ 6:00 AND ILL CALL PAOLA TO :-) ITS A FUCKING PLAN IN MOTION
Outta work, gotta a cigar and a beer. Lifes good right now!!!! What a way to start the weekend.
so did you get a walk today.
If I get to work with you then fine, I'll stay next time :)
don't think we don't notice. Customer service IS your brand, answering the phone is just part of it. Good job.
Ellie Goulding reminds me of
Goodnight twitter
I can't do this anymore.
RT New Years Day Diet: Bloody Marys and bloody mary toppings. Stop #1 hooligans <--Happy New Year!! :)
tht random moment when u bust out dancin to wait for you cover by austin and ur mom is lyk wtf!! -anna
Relig people think homo is a choice for one reason only ... they don't think their God would make a gay ... classic working backwards.
I dunno, leave me alone.
Congratulations to the Japanese women's team on their first World Cup victory!
That's it for now.
#Brewers game tonight? 94 Eastbound is a parking lot...
Follow me! *Tupac Voice
a little bit! Lol how are you?
#worstfeeling KNOWING YOU ARE BE CHEATED ON
I apologize for those of you who have received direct messages from me. My account has been compromised and I am resolving the issue.
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
God Jul everyone !!! Fuck I hate Christmas.
Craziest trip back from B-town yet~
Been working with Nate on his new luxury suit line. On a scale of 1-10...his fashion IQ is a #13. #Bline=Luxe!
Again, having a Keurig is dangerous. I will now consume 100% more coffee.
Just saw sprint by at the race for the cure. I haven't started my sprint (walk) yet.
Key&Peele show is def funny stuff. Op..lil Wayne dropped his soap.
Road Trip
Please think twice before buying Facebook likes. The most important likes are the likes that are targeted.
Thanks for following. I always follow back and support dream chasers. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
The Mirage.
I have urged coverage. I think we're working on it? Missed the start.
don't be afraid to go out on a limb and like something because you genuinely do and not because some website is telling you to
RT IF YEW HATE BEING SICK!!!!
Quoth the raven, `Nevermore.' - Edgar allan Poe
Only in uncertainty can there be creativity. ~Deepak Chopra
Incentives, support, and pressure are important aspects of wellness motivation and maintenance
Hey Saffron. It's my birthday. Can you say "Hi" to me?
Blake Griffin--over/under 5 years in NBA?
30% tips on a slow lunch, ceviche and avocado margaritas, a nap and a bike ride. I like today.
Haha! >> RT When your teacher is talking about her kids you like 'OMFG YOU HAD SEX?!
Senior Records Manager position available in Orange County...opportunity to develop a RM program for large corporation! Contact me at kati…
Link yr media assets and web, optimize for one click
84k on break. Going to 4 800 75. 2 more levels with a break in between. Going to be playing later than I thought.
Why is it a man is sick & everything must stop 4 him 2 stay on the couch but if a woman is sick, she can't get a moment's peace?
what are you watching?
I really think some dudes think we girls are so stupid smh
Hey - thanks for the email updating me on my departure gate. Sadly your update of Gate 76 is quite far from Gate 67 in Houston.
A little over 1/9th of the world was tuned into the game today.
Congrats to my little bro and his wife Danielle on the birth of their baby boy and future UK PG Hudson.
New Warnings for MS Drug Gilenya After FDA Review
: Just let me know:).
man with pretty white teeth and good smelling cologne
true true. Goodluck :)
better seeing your pics... here dressing for work in panties and pantyhose underneth
I am. Really? Cool.
RT call me man June 1st weekend bout to be Ham. <~~
shane is so gonna win teens choice awards
BET! RT : Yo When You Get To Work You Gonna Have Something On Your #ToDoList! Lol S|O's V100 & Allure..
hey sexy
Checking my new house Noth Hollywood CA,
There playing What Makes You Beautiful at a football game lol.
I don't think so. The conference still has some great football and basketball powerhouses. They should go after #BYU and
Top two Boston trends: #HappyMothersDay and Happy Mothers Day. Still, one of them is promoted. Oh well, #HappyMothersDay!
you guys got a youtube?
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Huge THANK YOU to Brenda Middle and (President + President-Elect of Pikes Peak ASTD) for leading Volunteer Team at
Ember: The Bonfire Digital Memorial Museum and Project Injustice out of TX A&M
follow me 1
Ciao! We'll be live on today from 12-1pm to discuss the May 20 festival.
That is what we are thinking, lots of images, clips from research from ongoing projects, more informal than our blog.
my aunt wants me to sing for her wedding!! Any tips??
Can someone please make me a cd
Having to do an On Demand tomorrow morning <<<
Amazing how advanced technology is yet I still drop, can't call out or in here in Richmond KY -BH #comeonAT&T
The Shins...well done! Best musical guest performance in awhile. Can't wait to see them at Bonnaroo.
I just got the LivingSocial. Going to check it out!
Eyeing one tonight but nothing confirmed other than the edge smashes :).
Good night and Roll Tide. Hounds tooth blanket awaits me.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________.
Love you too, loser.(:
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOO, JOHN LENNON. GO HOME.
i think i'm sick...wonderful
i think its pretty cool that u are a mahomie, belieber and directioner :)
you can't be that bored in ur avi smh
North #Minneapolis #tornado victims race to fix homes before winter.
thats not where I wanted to go though.lol,I wanted to go to courtneys :p
WORD I'm Happy For U!! I Will Be Glad Wen I Get A Job N' I Can Do Dat! Me n' My Bae Might Do Dat IDK
yessirr. Sound better actually ON the tape lol.
Had tha nerve too try & speak to me today nigga you fake af , .
"By the time everybody knows my name, I won't remember yours."
: will evangelicals vote for Romney? key question for the election - data shows religion an important factor
Just hopped on a show at Penny Road Pub (Barrington, IL) tomorrow. Come out! Rockford & Indiana next weekend!
Crying myself to sleep. Doing that for the third night in a row. Hopefully I'll change it up tomorrow night.
Think I will pick a random GREAT Mother to send flowers to for Mothers Day... #YouDeserveIt ;-)
Great markdowns on EVERYTHING! Contact us today at
and guess who was suppose to txt me but hasn't.......... lol
So ready to have the next couple months over with so I can just move away but at the same time I wanna stay
it's nice cause its a lazy day.. but then yeah... here comes Monday haha
Great entrepreneurship resources:
Make that Rollins. Darn iPhone
“: "My goal in life is to be as good of a person my dog already thinks I am." - Author Unknown #quotes #dogs"
what do you call this unlocking process? Company Purge?
I don't know why I agreed to pick up a shift tonight. Don't feel like working unless $300 is handed to me.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMINEM #TeamFollowBack I follow everyone
So I'm confused, do I want the #Knicks to win? 7th or 8th, 7th or 8th?
Wondering wen will my breakthrough happen. I've been struggling soo long. Must be time for my breakthrough.
Brewers are 6 outs away from NLCS
Pump it up!! RT : Just started Djing RELAX
Ha! I'm guessing you're not the biggest fan of Timeline.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honour him;
must be the most famous one in our restaurant.
and thats why you're my Ella #StillProud I gave you that name
Wanting nothing more in this world but to meet one day! He is my inspiration in life!
not saying I would lol :p just that its not AS bad as with a guy
nice congrats want to make my way up to the DMV and learn from watching you work. Keep up the great work
John Huntsman is not cutting it folks!!!!
Hi babe
Rep. Ott, please stop whining...
I found it strange :|
Follow me pretty please with sugar on top? c: xoxoxo
Awesome! Glad we are one of your favorites!
THAT'S RIGHT D-TRIX.
#iLoveMyMomBecause she is amazing. She does everything she can and never fails to make me happy.
being a 19th century kinda guy working in the 20th century is a challenge...but 1976 lets me do both...love history and memory!
Finished shooting episode 3 The Double Date and it was a total #drag. Hoping to keep up the flow with the new episode format!
i love ducks im obsessed with them. and i have a million pillows and everything duck all over my room.
I can't believe my life is still the same as it was last week after reading all those inspirational quotes on Pinterest.
: “Craftspeople see their production as a means of distributing an experience." Same source.
I was going to go the the one in Chicago in April but i had something at school....//:
Hard work pays off, fool...
Pretty good, wbu!
I hope the new owner of the Pershing Inn erased the video of me getting my friend to beat up Carlos Aguilar. He had a black eye for a month!
We didn't know where to go, it was late, so she basically picked me up and dropped me off lol
Getting breakfeast...yummy
sure thing! I hope you are enjoying #SXSWi . Be on the lookout for our on-site concierge team for treats at the ACC today.
is having a Tag Sale !!! November 20th 9am until 3pm.
dinner buffet sounds lovely while contemplating
also realized how much i have switched from Live to Logic Pro for tracking. Mostly cause i can't afford to update both...
My mom actually likes me listening to cuz he is sober now, and is my role model for my sobriety :)
I wanted to ask you how you felt about me, but I never did because I was afraid I might not like what you had to say.
I want it so.bad!
RT : Today is just one of those days.......=>chin up, buttercup. With any luck, Monday will turn into Tuesday shortly :)
and thanks so very much!!!
aha I am wrong indeed if that is the case. Sorry to group you w the proletariat.
my favorite victoria secret angel, alessandra ambrosio, is pregnant! congrats!
Can't believe I'm going to miss the pancakes at KAVO again
Work today.
Donation allows Racine P.D. to get third patrol canine
Mondays suck
Happy Saturday everyone! What do you have planned for today?
Love the new singe #REFILL !! RT
my favorite super bowl recipe is your bbq pulled pork sandwiches and your batter-dipped french fries
Now that's what i am talking about, Lakers!!! are coming! hell yeah!! game time!
Group. Small group. Facebook guy, my CEO, and maybe three or four others. Jeremiah would be most welcome. Outstanding.
Please just listen to "got it all wrong"
A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all our facebook and twitter followers!
“: Has anyone had a better sports weekend than ?” It's been a solid weekend! Just need my fantasy team to win.
Tummy hurts and spending all day in the hospital tomorrow :(
There is a spider in my car while I'm driving under my feet.
I've only stayed up "late" for #readathon, and that was only cuz I was discovering HUNGER GAMES. May try tonight.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how much you mean the world to me. What I would do if I just lost you one day..
I am working on an MS in Systems Science, what are you getting?
Takin it easy. Twice on Sunday.
just watched the anniversary ep of ice loves coco. Where is my Ice? I can't wait to find him. And yes, my pic is my Coco costume
Speeding, rapid acceleration & braking can lower gas mileage by 33 percent on the hwy and 5 percent in the city.
Don't start none.....won't be none!!!
RT your momma so fat that when she sat on her iphone, she created Ipad.
Tomorrow: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic: MacArthur Park, Southside by the Fountains
bless up star bendiciones
TODAY in #TAMPA, & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio. Tell everyone ya know!
I wish I had a tanning buddy.
I've noticed that my mom never picks up the phone on pay day lol :-) just horrible
College lacrosse -- Norwalk duo keys to Fairfield's turnaround - The Hour
2 consecutive days off. A luxury? A trick? I wonder.
Hope you all are having a great day!
I'm slugging in HOV, so mostly silent. It's the rules.
I need to get up and get energy I'm tired of sitting here and doing this reflection!!!
Thanks Hector... Great to have u here... Have an awesome week my friend
insider.espn.go.com/insider/insider/news/story?id=6402542 One of the biggest mistakes poker players make is betting on other poker players
Thank you!
Awesome working with you on Dark Revelation. Enjoy the rest of the process. Let's def. meet up when all is said and done.
the other bands for the were and Something Else, we all had fun
Hey Thomas, thanks for following us. We look forward to connecting with you.
o trust all things are planned when it comes to publicity and I commend her for stirring the pot close to when her show
I'm pretty sure he's about to tear my ass up.... wish me luck
I am still recovering from last weekend!!
so right about now idk if I'm gonna have a prom date.
mabey it will be on amzon if it you can buy thats where I am getting my jedward cd from since it not in the usa
#YouKnowItsRealWhen your boo want lock code fa ya phone....
possibly. Would ever let a guy stick their penis in your anus?
congrats on the W tonight.
earrings too sucka
Omg hahah me and have the most sloppys writing ever but its the thought that counts Lol
If u think cellphones and driving don't mix... What about cellphones and riding a bicycle? Now THAT is a bad idea!
Grrrrrrrr ALZM is on the move ladies..... Lets go!
#Children need your help! All of the proceeds from helps us help families seeking cancer care for their children...
Wow! Madrid wins at Barca 2-1! Great game! When was the last time #Madrid won at #Barcelona ?
boy you better follow me pleaz
same people in warehouse. No surprise
Somrat, have you considered ?
Heaven help me, I got a man-couch today. A leather reclining man-couch for our film viewing cave. It's so god-- but so NOT chic.
Read "Just a Few Sleeps Away" last night. A powerful story about a 9/11 victim and her family. A powerful read from Mike Nichols.
Great week with Jay Sean recording at KMA! Stay tuned for new music...
Top Moments: Bones&#39; Birth in a Manger and Mad Men&#39;s Fat Betty
Hanging out in my hometown of Santa Cruz for a while catching up with family while I recover from all the traveling around. Nice to be home.
Thank you for calling Westwood Sperm Bank, where you squeeze it, we freeze it.
ahh. I love this. I want the same thing.
Shouts to FWM on the move keep up pplz check out the updates
Hahahaha! Tell me some! I gotta hear (or read, whatever! Lol) this! XD
follow Redstar amazing go-go dancers and more!!!
LOL Me too man me too...
i love p.f. changs! I just gt my wisdom teeth out and I am slurping down some AMAZING wonton soup! You rock !
Colts are maybe 3-4 years out of making some noise, it make sense cutting Peyton.
Hey, my friendly political representatives ,, : Please heed the warnings of our tech industry & oppose SOPA
date picker popups also a native functionality in HTML5
Artistic collaboration can create an emotional connection more powerful than a romantic relationship. (1/2)
nice to see another woman of color at sb5.0! Stop by PA-142 at poster session. I'd love to talk.
Chiana:Puppy Advice: Don't think of your new throw pillows as destroyed so much as shabby chic.
what can I say your amazing ? And there's actually no words to describe you <3
God created the world in SIX days But it took him centuries
DO U LOVE BABY POWDER...GO TJ LOL
Have you started reading it? If you have just know pg 152 made me cry:/ You should take a picture of the letter & send it to me
I'll check them out!
So are we rooting for Suns to win or lose this game? lol
Its britney bitch.
Love it! Flipped classroom resources are great way for parents to connect to classroom.
Warren ... this time they blogged linguistic attainments
one should be on my timeline
Modeling industry is So dirty. I'm so oooooverrrrr it!
Leaving Boo Williams, great tourny! Lots of talent, love the EYBL concept!
thanx for the follow #rouxer :D much love
sitting her on tubmlr reblogging one direction, what else is there to do?(:
Incredibly psyched to be headed to #ala12 in June as the Student-to-Staff nominee from UW!
Still, you know you want your own penguin army. Everybody needs a penguin army.
And if that wasn't enough, the film features him going back in time to have sex with himself.
that's not awkward, that's what retweet was made for! Spreading information to the masses. Duh.
Injuries killed us.
What is that? And i have some stuff for you
I keep having this really ominous feeling that I've been living in a dream and any second I'm about to wake up
thanks for the follow! Don't be a stranger. :)
Robert Wolven Columbia Univ Libraries new #iiipc12 member talking now
Dude just started scratching his back on the cafe's entrance door frame. #firehazard?
I'm actually not sure if I'm going to Aruba, might be headed to Monaco instead
OH: "So then I ate the Roast Beef sandwich and went right back to sleep." Me and you could so be friends.
trust me I won't forget
Sorry for the confusion, but due to the location change we won't be volunteering at the tonight. Last minute adjustment
One Day I'll Have that Job Where I can say "I Love My Job"!
What is your sushi "wish list" for lunch: Cruncy Spicy Salmon Roll, Cajun Roll with spicy remoulade, warm wake and edamame?
What can YOU do to honor God today?
She is just dumb....do what you think you should do
♫ What's your definition of it? How's it make you feel? Tell me what it is that truly makes it real...♫
you good
Moscone, Bail Bonds.
Mark your calenders . The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced on January 11th & inducted on June 5th n NYC
can't find the huge spider i sprayed with raid. it's planning revenge. i know it. panicking until it makes it's move.
Don't want to hear about how you think your gf is gonna break up with you
you too, thanks! Would love to chat about my race with Joe Barton!
I will where's it at?
So excited to be speaking
I want pancakes
Don't sweat it. Any chance I can get some form of expedited shipping? I would like to try to avoid renting rails again.
Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling: “The best way to have a great idea is to have a lot of ideas.”
If I had my whole life to live over again, I don't think I'd have the strength. ~ Flip Wilson
then how do you know whats been going on in the world?!
How can #Chicago become a global hub 4 innovation? Strong venture capital, robust infrastructure & space, & critical mass of tech talent
Check out our website next week to order your own bag of KISS Coffee!
as if. You're not even close Peggy
Responsiveness is very nice, but the post dates are hard to read. I really love the minimalism too.
UPDATE: appearance on will happen at 5:45a CDT on Saturday, clips shown throughout the day.
3 more hours.......CiRoC Boys at SILK STRIP CLUB!!!!!!
Used top and tailed access and error logs like a boss this evening. Totally felt like Tony Stark hacking away. I'm learning!
you should mange ! Huh huh?! The girls gonna go crazy! Along with me! :D
To prove he wasnt juicing he needs to have the best season of his career.
a-okay
Sex and golf are the two things you can enjoy even if you're not good at them.
"...all are merely blind men receiving different impressions from touching the same elephant" --Lin Yun (Thanks, !)
LOL! Put that woman to work! ;-)
why do you have those big ass glasses on?
If you support Kian and Sam, help us out by getting people to follow! :D
The Night Kitchen is closing at midnight tonight and will reopen December 28. Happy Holidays!
elearning market change , modules built in flash/rapid, not usable on the iOs platform, building those, #mlearning, #elearning. Thoughts?
Honor those who have and currently serve. God Bless the USA!
The NFC West should be pretty tough this yr. Safe to say we won't have the doormat tag anymore.
He was Fb messaging with a dude yesterday. They made plans for for tonight to get together tonight
Damn you gotta love people...! Smfh...!
Congrats to !! We'll see you guys opening the #1045BdayShow!!!
#oomf changed completely since middle school, *shrugs* guess we both grew up..
lol yeah he was like that!
Welcome to the world of twitter! Saw your Faceook status haha
Never work with a debt settlement company that does not safegaurd its results
Had a great bible study with
FREE COFFEE TOMORROW!
aww if it is a lot if ppl dropped out!
lol, thank you!
Thanks. I'm curious how the idea works in real life. One thing to observe from outside, another to do it daily. Update me!
That was cute.
Congrats to you on an amazing game. Your 49ers in the NFC Championship = sweet!. sorry, but this team is destined for SB.
looks like I should have shoot for the house :(
Girl, yes he did!!!
So started the new media ball rolling last night; educators hear more from Will the audience respond?
I'm pretty sick :$
hmm, yes, that's enough to make me worried about what I would upload. I wasn't planning to upload client data, but now it's certain
and we the ritas and the wine
Have to wipe lisa down tonight, she's been riding dirty in my trunk for a week!
I know I am excited!!! My awesome sister is gonna take me!!
chocolate=bliss
you know Nashville might lose this series
On my way back home after another great #360idev conference. :-)
I'll try. Sounds good man.
Rep Castor has current proposal up for vote to keep funding for 300,000 kids on
My print lingo is bad enough. You add in the tyranny of the metric system and Im completely lost.
Yes, the Andantino from Les Cinq Doigts - I was going to arrange it but couldn't find my copy, so I just wrote a new piece.
:) Have a great weekend!
I'm bored, someone talk to me!
Spending the day downtown with my boy. Laker game later tonight!
Season 2 of "Treme" comes out on DVD tomorrow. *Clapping*
Would at some point enjoy a superhero fight crashing through my apartment. Just not while I'm in the shower. Whedon, take note.
heading to NY for Internet Week -- if you're there and would like to connect up to talk let me know and we'll make it happen.
Reminiscing about those college days. Sometimes I wonder how the heck I survived and passed. Always made the 2.0 just to stay in the frat.
Making my baby lunch before he goes to work :D
Thanks! I'll check that out.
very simple. No pain just a little discomfort. And you're in & out. So worth it!
I am so glad I.have re emerged and got to see a lot of favorites this weekend...
Want to submit your brilliant #socialmedia work, but need a little more time? Shoot us an email at .
Thank u Jesus for waking me up this morning 🙏😊
- perhaps it is their hearing. Some people can't accept anything under 100db for their music :-)
nice website..keep doin ya thang
We set a date! Jon and I are getting married on September 1st, 2012 at The Center for Wooden Boats in Seattle, Wa.
Great discovery meeting w/ yesterday about PPC & SEO strategy. Top-notch interactive agency.
What a couple of weeks. My daily routine is still recovering.
yes!!! And today is a lovely day for training :)
I'm in love with u
hell yeah, that's why he my starter in FF...“: From September 11th RT Buffalo might be a sleeper this year. I like Fitzpatrick”
Get ready. On the way.
god damn
you are awesome. Happy Sunday.
Real eyes realize real lies.
Oh sorry, haven't seen the shirt myself.
thanks, Mark!!!
2012 Elite Showcase Basketball Classic Rosters soon the be announced! Will the 2012 Class be as good as the 2011 Class?
This is as bad as I've seen the Flyers play. And, although he has a goal, Giroux is really struggling at even strength with bad giveaways.
“ because me and gen go way back :D”
exactly, a base hit scores those two guys on second & third.
really hoping we luck out this week with the weather again. Tornado sirens didn't stop us last week!
just emailed you!
ah, I wish I could! I'm really shitty with instruments xD
Love is in the air!!?;)
rant over. thanks.
Sounds like the end of a batman movie in downtown #seattle right now.
you're so funny, i just read up on your tweets. i am loving your personality xo
Because they are pillars of society? Care about the poor?Donate to Meals on Wheels? They hide & pay tools to spread the HATE!
That's not the dude who used to pitch for the #Rockies, is it?
Twitter Fam this Sun shine is for my princess Brithday So catch up when its nite out
Ruff Endz - Someone To Love You
Gotta get some stuff done... Have a great day everyone! Keep rockin! :)
Running laps, never giving up, never stopping,
Pool parties are almost in full effect.
Looking for some good beer recommendations for later. Shooting for something I haven't had //cc
Answer the Disney Trivia question correctly B4 5pm today and win Disney tix for 3/31 at JPJ Studio: 978 1023
You deserve it - you guys are covering that better and quicker than anyone else
RT : Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something deep inside: a desire, a dream, a vision. ~Muhammad Ali
looking forward to the next speaker, of google speaks publicly for the first time on leveraging google+ for nonprofits
who would win in a fight? Tim Tebow or Jeremy Lin?
V glad to hear USF is implementing a smoking policy. I have not so fond memories of having to walk thru clouds of smoke to get to class.
Other peoples opinion of you does not have to become your reality
hheeyyy so u going to school tom
I love your show. It's like "Music TV". Hey, that name's not taken is it?
nice, have a good break:p
RT : Also, the term "Heimlich maneuver" is no longer used by the American Red Cross. #whynot? (I call it "Heineken Maneuver)
Good Morning cutie(:
We love to return the love, so thank you for all of the support for poster art!
Here&#39;s What&#39;s Holding The Jury Up In The Oracle-Google Case
are you home??
I can tell you are in LA.
No sleep
Meta-congrats Dan. :)
YOU ARE THE CUTEST GUY ON EARTH!!!!!!!!
You're SO FETCH. <3(:
theres no way it cant be fun. Unless ur the one getting married of course.
Alright, I think that was worth it. Satisfied.
Mr. White, I cannot complain, especially with the #Masters on this weekend. I'm sure you're enjoying them too.
nice overview of social media properties, thanks!
Practical lessons from #alamw12 : Once you join a network there's no seniority. The network goes both ways.
you in Milwaukee?
Chicago traffic blows... Carpool lanes anyone ?
I hope!
TGIF!! We are rocking with sweet X-mas deals!! Come on by!
Awe..... I got the job!! xD now for a piss test...uh tomorrow.
its worth the try
Ray Ray. Fa three
ha. I was just peepin it, meeting people over here..
If you're going through a hard time and need to chat please message me, I'd love to share Christ with you. He saves us from all sin!
I figure I'm going to need these knees awhile longer. It's probably better to save on them and let them heal. ;-)
Really?! Whitney Houston :( so sad
good luck!!
thanks man!
*Hugs back* DEF - sunday? Saturday is solely devoted to #Avengers excitement & viewing.
Rehearsals and class, class and rehearsals. Let a new dance day begin! :)
Instead of smd me and will say smb. (this is for suck my butt or boob whatever mood your in)
Riding round bumping
Just Needed That Extra Sleep :)
two amazing cds dropped today go pick up #dead throne and understanding what we've grown to be both are amazing!!!
The Raid: Redemption (2012). Directed by Gareth Evans. First time watch. 3/4
lmao Gasol needs to sit down from that one...
You won't arrive if you're not heading there ~
checking your website now. looks great as well! would love to try that bench and create a review about it :)
Just back off before I snap!
I go away a few hours & TCOT becomes prisoners of conscience? Wait here... I'll alert Amnesty International.
you deleted the dataset? The background analysis was already queued.
RT : Never make yo side bitch your main bitch...where they do that at?
going through and fixing licenses on my slideshare uploads - CC-BY-SA for most of them
"Yeah me and Karolenne are gonna go to a concert together!" Oh Bobby, that'll never happen.
I can play a lot better booboo 😉
I swear of Juan bails on Mariel tomorrow, I'm going to be so pissed at him!
If He Would Cheat On Her That Means He Would Cheat On You
Very thankful my remote control has a previous channel button! and rockin' the tube!
Putting a timing chain and water pump on an s10 really sucks. *covered in grease* ugh.
Yeehaw! What is your favorite memory from Pensacola Beach?
said to Boaz, “Acquire for yourself,” he drew off his sandal. 9And Boaz said to the elders and to the rest of the people, “You
Off to Grand Opening Block Party, hoping to meet when I get there! :)
she is so perf sigh
how was dallas?!
At Groves we understand that our seniors have different needs and that those needs change over time.
Well you know my last role was a Bellhop!!! Just Sayin' :-) I have to get showered and head to auditions! C-ya!
