"Mitt, are you considering Santorum for VP?" "He's a possibility, Ann. We'll see how he polls after his new line of burqas debuts."
<===Real Recognize Real!!
OMG here you are xx
I need somebody to tlk to.!
I need to start working out... -_-
Guess I'm going to brentwoods prom
I'm not scared to fight a guy. You talking shit? You can get hit too.
I've officially seen it all. Spanish hillbillies??? AND youre family I've never met??? Gulp.
We should jus get meet and cookout somewhere and play beer pong.
LIVE MUSIC 2Nite! Matt Barron starting @ 7PM! Come enjoy Happy HR from 4-7pm and then live music with your dinner.. sounds like a plan!
the girl in the advertisement with u
FLUXX! Its happening. Lord protect me from fighting douchebags!
Lent: forgiveness of self and others. Read My Mother Killed Christ: But God Loves Me Anyway.
Today in Literary History: On March 25, 1925 Flannery O'Connor was born in Georgia.
- My birthday , was kooo . ready for this weekend though ( :
I could just sit right there, on that little yellow chair - and rummage through that pile of books.
Follow Me =)
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!!! Hope It's Special!!!!!!! -eric
me too 
I can't call it just finished twerkin out now bout to twist this dutch and chase this paper.What u durrin for football today?
“Why a degree in philosophy?” asked my dad. “I want an education, not job training.” Now I write fiction. Should have listened to dad.
Something seems wrong when the prisoner bus is driving around with inmates and an open door. And continually stopping at traffic lights.
"Mom, I`m hungry." "Hi, Hungry. I`m Mom." "Mom,I`m serious." "I thought you were Hungry?" "Are you kidding me?" "Nope, I`m Mom."
If you are at #secure360 wednesday, try to catch presentation at 11. Great communicators, great instructors.
Our NEWEST sister Chapter! Be sure to FOLLOW !
me and mam the dog whisperer
we wish man. In the future though
Exaclty, there are many reputable sources (medline, NIH, etc.)
We...don't have a buzzer....wrong house?
Thanks for the shout out!
UF could have 5 kids drafted in '12 before any other college team has 2 taken!
what are you getting?
Memorial Day is a time of reflection to the brave men and women who courageously protect our country!
Mark Fistric and Drew Doughty are pretty much the same player, right?
that will put a hurting on someones day
very confused as to why this (my secondary) twitter page doesn't have the fun new changes?! where's my search bar?? UGGHHH
Happy #ff to my soon to be married #2o2p buddy
Nothing says, You're Old Life's Over, like a 30 year old using YOLO.
oh okay.
The best thing to do with those Judicial Vacancies is appoint some people w/ Autism to the fold
No fair! I want to go!
A woman is to command a warship for the first time in the history of the Royal Navy, it has emerged.
yes yes :) now cuddle buddy you'll have to share :p do you have a crazy weekend ahead of you?!
I seriously dislike being single lol
Hey, I didn't know you were so famous, I'm just tryna pay my rent beyotchhh!
Bruins issue statement denouncing racist comments directed at Capitals' Ward - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
The cast of Glee has had more songs in the charts than the Beatles. Just to be clear THAT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE BETTER!
She totally is. Stay away from my models adrian... you and your occasional dirty mustache.
aw pink?!
me too
"Responsibility of the 3 parents" posted at engagemyfamily.com. Learn from these 3 parents and comment
you doing okay?
So out of it today!!!
RT : "Where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost." ~Ronald Reagan
Women's Health Week: Adding a healthy diet & exercise into your daily life can help reduse your risk of developing heart disease.
In School Tweet Me
play some pat boone
#SFAD: Trying to master the spec #script process...any #screenwriting gurus with advice??
Random: I like girls that can dress they ass off ;)
Need that in my life...:-)
I just got the best video ever. You kick some serious ass. For reals 😍
Drivers needed in the Milwaukee area, 11-2, 5-10, send an email to carrie at WeHaveYourFood dot com
Has anyone ever given thought to freeze dried restrant leftovers ? Even thought it may sound gross.it can be done.
Happy Halloween!
i wanna talk to oomf but i think he hates me..lol
I absolutely enjoyed it Peter. Nice seeing you! Sorry we weren't there very long & didn't get to chat. I'll check the pix, thanks
Are you working on your Summer line? Let us know when you're ready!
Had fun today!! Looking for some rest tomorrow...
Must Be The Name
no problem aha .
So the Hollywood Half Marathon destroys traffic for the entire day apparently
I'm curious if anyone else on my floor is listening to MMG Untouchable on blast in their headphones
a profile photo! this is strange, since you've been "spring branches" to me for so long. :-)
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. - Henry Ford
you better dude!! or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned? :O
how'd talking to your counselor go?
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
HA! I'd even be like GTFO MY FEED!
Facebook fan/like worth more than $200 over a 5-year period to a company like Dell.
: wait - in a professional networking setting and friend as well. Yeah. That's better
Someone steals a door knob at Girl and the Goat...Seriously!? What's next?
Check out the new Featured Bit - Shats R Us. www.freekshowradio.com
#aasl11 most people don't think of youtube as a social media site, utube second largest search engine.
rapping skills >>>>>> Drake's rapping skills
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool saying how hood you are
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 9.
Come to the Brew City booth at Summerfest, see the craziest collection of Milwaukee apparel in one spot in the world!
Posted at for the next hour
That's about spot on IMO
I wonder If Santa uses twitter??
Listening to SHORT STACK songs ♥
I try to as much as I can, those conversations go crazy fast
Pgh may not be the most vibrant city, but at least it doesn't smell like a sewage treatment plant when the wind blows.
Looking forward to seeing everyones Prom outfits tonight!
Disney vacation with the girlfriend, May 25th - May 28th (:
. We're proud to partner with your team!
YAY :) Have you cheered up yet?
recipe Key Lime Martini: Hangar Lime Vodka, agave nectar, key lime juice, & 43. Graham crkr rim martini w/lime
good lookin, I'm bout to watch it up on Netflix.
4 to 6, Lexmark room, business casual. Want to go Josh?
Happy early birthday then!(:
This country seriously needs to learn how to properly educate its people. Seriously.
other people would be interested in getting a team together.
*insert Tony Todd smile here*
Been an awesome weekend so far! Great Science Olympiad trip, AMAZING church service this morning,& to top it off the Youth Day CDs are here!
Work seems to be going by fast I must say good day overall
Dinner @ Chez Bruce tonight! sure to be amazing!
Happy Friday T U 2
Happy Easter Y'all!! <3
Thinking about
New songs sound sexy! ;D Can't wait for y'all to hear them! :)
#GoPack!! We need another win today. :)
the money is never worth the creeps...
have fun Matt! Safe travels!
Guy buying a case of bud light platinum: fucking why
#ShitNobodySays man I love drama!
In my juicy pjs
thank you(:
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the drive before it has stopped snowing.
If u got a dollar in yo pocket make sure u show up to #figure8 on Saturday . We turning up !! $2 drinks all night !!!
my brother laughs so ugly
Writing all these letters is paying off. I got two letters back yesterday! I know such lovely people.
i miss you too :( we should hang out very soon!!
Glove Compartment, Glovebox - almost never is its primary purpose for holding gloves. Aren't words wonderful?
Thanks! So glad you caught that. You should come down to on Wed. for our premier party. We'd love to see you
Welcome to the B1G, Nebraska!
what up girl!!!
can't wait
ME TO!
*guys : Honestly girls with braces are attractive to me.
Seriously thinks she is getting #sick again for the fourth time in two months! Great!
Thank You for following us at #Acting In LA
This is the kind of effort i wanted in the last game.. KILL! KILL! KILL!
Okay so Austin Mahone now lives in Miami and I haven't met him yet and I live here in Miami >.< I gotta meet him A.S.A.P
I'm loving the music! :) Keep it up!
I'm always in
LMAOOO I didn't know lol and u unprotected ya tweets yayy
God+Cheer= makes me who I am<3
Ok ok ok did this chick really get on the news doing a interview with a roller in her hair wow
lol it's so creepy
good look on texting me
Optimism doesn’t guarantee you can do anything…but an optimistic outlook can inspire you to keep trying until you find a way to get it done.
Icing my knee 😔
How can you tell which end of a worm is which ?Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs !
oh my gosh! China fran! I haven't talked to you in forever. It's still luke :) we've gotten so close now :p
....its cold outside!
For our halftime entertainment, we can tell u a little about one of our alums She's working up at the Olympic Training Center.
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you die.
we kid cause we care...and cause your job is so much better than ours!
Just got a phone call for a casting.. they asked me are you looking for love..? I said yes but not on a TV show.. :-S
I think they'll be fine, even if they rotate guys in and out.
Ditto amd thanks
and thank you for your support!
yeah I do
I am an ornamental barbed wire aficionado but not quite a collector. I just appreciate security with a decorative flair.
Today's guest speaker is talking about designing libraries. Fun.
Haha, man law violation. Man can't reply "k" either.
Im on the edge of glory
Best tweet ever. Thanks.
if the ISDN line is down, how can they play a best of?
Raleigh newest TaxiCab Co.!!!!!!
Roses are red and lemons are sour open your legs and give me an hour
That awkward moment when, you miss your boyfriend so much, you just curl up and cyr, /:
I need a hug right about now!
best of luck and happy hunting! cc
Genius or what? Not the iPad 3, not the iPad HD, just the new iPad!
getting yet another reminder of how much and I are counterparts.
How come I haven't been getting these tweets before?
So I think I'm going to be a vegiterian again. Last night I saw a turkey truck and it made me so sad.
great fit - Combining Digital Media and Customer Interactions for “Connected CRM”
RT ": Put the cellulite Away!"
the show intervention depresses me. Some of these people have so much time left to get their life straight.
now we do! #happy :)
Realizing I'm out of weed<<<<
Maybe next time :-)
your baby just said fuck you nigga! You go to sleep bitch! Go Bean!
that's funny! "Carignan about this" But as far as I know it's varietal.
#HappyMothersDayToICONicMoms Without you guys I don't know what I would be doing with my life. I would of never met my boyz <33
Rock them Jordan shorts HAHA
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Who the hell are you? Did I address you? No! Crawl back into the hole you came from!
Lets Go Miami!
The Bravo Events Trade Show is coming to PDX on 10.14.09! Stop by & check out local venues including yours truly! Hope to see you there!
Stimulate your mind, man
Projects take the fun out of things
Hey! Thanks for the tweet of the Ring-billed Gull photo!
I'm sticking with them. It's just hurting. Kinda making it harder trying to keep my head calm but
ill take a picture for you :)
Busy day.
hank you very much I shed a few myself not to long ago
Crisis Call 211 is now 'American Winter, the Film'. More exciting news coming up soon.
Community Empowerment Project: Preparing Our Children for the Global Community!" today at Oakland's McClymonds until 4pm
Screw it, can't even concentrate 😒
Half Of AEP Fleet To Burn Coal In 2020, Down From 65% Today - Fox Business
Prove the judgmental people wrong. Not with words, but with actions.
son,I hope lol;)
& Thanks for following us at #Acting In LA!
Best way to spend Christmas Eve: on couch with watching classic Looney Tunes.
RT : Most girls don't really know what a ride or die is.
Why has the slutty pikachu costume become an anime con staple?
...and go on to Season 2. It's a more assured, better-told show, w/ a more consistently strong cast, by then.
dude how are your seats
Would have loved to see the show last night but I couldn't bring myself to deal w/ the Peckerhead's crowd & acoustics again.
Really REALLY can't wait for Sunday to get here so I can sleep!!!
": Did I just sleep for 11 hours? #YES" that's some real nigga shit
he is a Ferris.
Morean arts center new cafe, art flash mobs, all add to downtown st Pete cache, hooray
It's cray.
To cool off while golfing, moisten a chamois or other absorbent cloth and freeze in a freezer bag. When it gets too hot, wear on your neck.
Watching today show they showed a spoof on Mat Louar being replaced , funny , come on I know it about ratings but Mat is too cool in my
I Kno my brotha fina take this hard again.
Freaking out ...my bday is in 3 weeks
thanks for the text tonight...and you call me your bf ph!
Sitting in UCLA's Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics. Very tired. Reading up on linear algebra. I think I've gone over the edge.
KG struggling early...keep shooting Ticket..they'll fall.
#RacketBoys rough cut's done #Sundance submission complete. Hopefully we'll be showing in Park City.
Try and stop me, I dare you
At Game Salad party at The Parrish
show em who's boss behind the camera lens
Have a good trip. We are all following you taking notes.
haha...love those sandals. I think everyone at EL had them.
RT : Swarm of bees invades #Rockies dugout? Big deal. A swarm of mediocrity attacked #Rockies starting on opening day. http ...
Hey My Twitter Fam, How Yall Doing?
All-Army beats all-navy by 17... Not r best ball but we got the W.. 2marrow the marines
Oh hey!
Lines rarely heard on tv: "Just what I was afraid of... someone has removed her brain..."
Isn't it funny when some people want to tell you how to live your life when they don't even know how to live their own?
I see your APM and raise you a MVP...
39k to Hobby Shop in AR
I love reading when I have the time I recently read hush hush cresendo and I am reading the last one now. They are really good.
working on the instruments here in #thestudio. :P Will we have time to do vocals, maybe? possibly?
well, that I do understand. My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
For proper flossing/brushing videos and great info about dentistry, check out ada.org... www.kravitzdental.com
me + cool points . = MAXED
Wow u must've been pretty busy. U missed some good games
Not a Nats fan...but if Hamels is dumb enough to say it, 25 game suspension
"You can turn off the sun, but I'm still gonna shine!"
you'll LOVE it!!!
performing "Baby One More Time." :)
i wasnt eavesdropping..
Days like this I want to drive away
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Let me know what you think when you read them. We can have deep and philosophical discussions about Fforde's use of puns :)
sup sluts?
It's decided! I'm using BitLocker to secure my field computer drives. It's built into Windows 7, I can backup and restore. What not to like?
Thanks, Catherine! Now if I can just find a home for this novel...
Awesome, sounds like you pretty involved! Much love!
When your faith is tested your endurance has a chance to grow. When endurance is fully developed, you will be strong & ready for anything!
It's Monday lunchtime! Today's specials: BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, nachos...beef or chicken, and Split Pea Soup.
Les Créations de NARISAWA in Japan - reservations made
But I don't think that I did.
Going shopping:)
RT Sources say Luongo will submit a short list of teams he'd waive his no-trade to go to next week. Toronto will be on it.
“: but usu get a side of chili to go with it. Hope you have a great day!” Next time :)
good luck on Sunday Chris!!
Can we make education like gaming, where kids want to play more? Naveen Jain at
Cell phone on 2% yet? Used it enough today. Great job. (:
What happen to the old days when all you did was laying in the sun, went to the mall and hung out with ur friends all day!?
actually none of them are.
y'all should play a double bill with ! And, you know, Because we BOTH PLAY MUSIC. I mean MSC.
My iPhone has really bad chest pain from all of this tweet starring I'm doing.
Can't wait to see the finished product, in real life, and get to drive one. Signed, G8 GT, G8 GXP and '04 GTO owner ;)
im excellent and how are you?
You've got that going for you, which is nice.
I wish I could find the fuckin USB cord for my iPod.. I need new music now!!
The shortest distance between two points may be a straight line, but not giving a damn is even shorter.
Well, tremendous job - love the page, strategy, use of a platform as something other than just a platform. Lot to learn from it.
#Reddit gets the news out faster than CNN too
you can't make January Jones look fat this plot line was a bad decision.
Anchorage police say the people behind yesterday's Fairview gas station armed robbery are 12- and 13-y.o. boys. Clerk says they stole $85.
is just amazing.... your argument is invalid!
ok but your name is zendaya sorry
Listening to a 24-year-old shouting about how he's having a quarterlife crisis at the gas station. Trying not to visibly laugh.
Looks like isn't feeling the #Tebow trade to #Jets. Ouch!
Im obsess with these blueberry muffins at school soo good
": If you're a Sox and Bulls fan, you're automatically my friend"//what about Bears fans?
Back in town, catching up on SD news after week in Bay area, then another week in Mexico. What did I miss?!!
Why is everyone such a bitch today?!
Wahhhhhh ! I wanna see Chase this weekend . Merp ! (: I'm aloud to hang out now .! (:
Thanks for a great #wuday11! I look forward to seeing you again in the fall.
Connie Mack is a hack
you typo'd - I think you meant to say GROOD
Happy to. Saw your DM. :)
#Madonna hit a home run! Get the football reference? Or was it a strike? Goal?
Hahahaha I think that word belongs on your wall. Yeah..fields is outdated. He'd be a lot better....on the bobcats.
Know in your heart theirs an invisible intelligence, and you have the power to come in contact with this divine intelligence.
Anyone Vegas bound this weekend? Hit me up if you are, I got you at Surrender 480.612.3337
Spring Cleaning.
I finished mine. No idea how. Good luck.
R.I.P. Donald "Duck" Dunn
I think I may be getting sick. :(
helped my brother with his homework, oh yeah B-)
How long will I have to wait for an angle like you 2 follow a loyal #Mahomie like me ?
Ditto! RT : Dear body, I'd *love* to leave this house! Let's make that happen soon, please! :/
big fan of yours since the early days -- I'll be on the lookout for Big Hurt Beer next time I'm in Chicago!
saying my last goodbyes today. love you and miss you so much Arick. rest in peace ❤
*with hispanic accent* YOU CAN DO IT!!!!
MethylGene Presents Preclinical Data for MGCD265 at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting
just another
damn but that's a good thing
#Tomasetti report over...now onto Witt Associates. They will be addressing decision-making on August 13th, 2011
Start weak finish strong
no problem love
like your new icon. Good pic.
Those are some groovin buildings!
next time we will all go grab sum food and drinks!!
"Dude didn't even have 2 show up!" Then neither does anyone else. Fair is Fair
I hate texting people that dont have iphones with imessage
can't wait to see you this weekend! we're gonna have fun!
woww awesome video (: i love you you're the best singer <3
Had a dream last night I was running around naked in an urban area completely unnoticed by passersby..lol
Nice shot! Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
Oh ya know….. eating tater tots, rocking with robots. Same old same old. Whatchu got going on?
Here in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Anyone need an extra ticket for coachella week 1 hit me up!
Ha! fa sho! As long as he promises not to grind cupcakes into my carpet again...
im dead serious
this is literally the internet's favorite topic, next to porn, of course
very exciting news! “: cooking up for you next week: Mobile browser detection, HTML5 responsive design updates."
Been there haha RT The hardest part about this chemistry article is just finding a story to summarize. Gah.
hmm. can I have a session in which I just beg people to fill out my Survey Monkey?
where u starting at?
RT : 'Hospital Flowers' being played in church this morning!! I like this song?!
Sharing my story tomorrow night at a outreach around Dallas. I'm so excited! Would you join me in praying for salvations?
There is so much a man can tell you, so much he can say.
One day you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
So much Iowa State Pride right now
I use dropbox now can't wait for google drive
RT : Busted out of $10K HORSE around 40th place. Played 2 full days, $0 pay. Sometimes poker sucks!:( FU douche bag!!
Love Papermoon! They have the best French fries and pies...
#Medeco - 9th question: 32 Series/Control key is how many increments shallower than the operating key in the 3rd & 4th cut positions?
hahahahaha....I'm enjoying every min of it too...lol
WB 94 at Puetz now going to be shut down until 8 or 9AM says What a mess out there.
i'd rather be hungover than under hung
Sounds smart to me. Cable is way over priced for a bunch of channels I never watch. Ready to ditch it myself
Volunteering this morning, planted some herbs for my garden this afternoon, and at midnight, I am going to see The Institute at Grand Lake.
they got you in a boot?!
best part of PAX for me. Super nice and smart crowd. I'm ready to trade in the salty, sulking fighter crowd for this.
Just opened V-day card from to me and ! Thank you! We love getting mail!
Go get em player. This is gona be the best #smackoff yet.
America isn't producing enough college graduates, and businesses are an important part of the solution
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Give me some space.
i just feel like running away to somewhere ppl dont know me enough to judge me .........
*pushes cart by cute guy* mom: Molly! No! Gimme the cart. Me: but he's attractive! Mom: I'm aware!
SUPPORT YOUR FELLOW ENTREPRENEURS
chorus rehearsal seemed so long!
Is it just me, or is Christwire mistaking Justin Beiber for Rachel in that photo caption....?
& pay your fukin beeper bill biiiich !!!
What is with the NBA veto of the Chris Paul trade; NBA fans want to know?
I have Geometry for last period today ~.~
looking forward to your presentation at
Excited For New Jonas Album 32
"My friends, my habits, my family, they mean so much to me."
Fun! . Please email me at and we will see what we can do!
Success and failure are equally disastrous. -- Tennessee Williams
TONIGHT at Current sushi DJ DIRTYHANDS! RSVP at
I think my skin would be okay of it didn't see any sun for a few days
Summer & sunflower seeds is a match made in heaven.
We're having our final organizational meeting this afternoon! Look for updates here & on the blog later tonight/tomorrow.
He shakes in his sleep, if you pet him he calms down.
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Whitney Houston's teenage daughter will star in a reality TV show that follows the family of the "I Wi
Two more days 'til my birthday....great.
God is so wonderful! I can't even imagine what I would do without Him! I don't know how people can turn off their conscience so easilly.
we flew by lol so you wouldn't have seen me! How have u been?
Feeding the starving poor only increases their number.
Thanks Jamie!
needs to have some music on iTunes! When can we expect a single?!
I hated him the day he was drafted & threw a hissy fit about only playing for the Lakers. I hate anyone that wants to be a Laker
Tapped to keep score for Little League opener. Scrambled to recall notation and learn new ("KS" = strike out, "swinging"). Used eraser alot.
.... hello 3ish hours of sleep.
My dad was born and raised in Bensonhurst Brooklyn. I've got a sweet spot for your borough ;-)
Watching a live version of Norma Desmond. Save me twitter folk! Old actress with a mic in a room full of nice people.
Every 2 mins I'm n the bathroom
Just quoted in "50 Tips To Make Your Small Business Look Bigger" via
My expectations are high.
“: Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire. (Chicago, Illinois)” some of these aren't that dumb...
Good to know! I'm looking forward to giving it a listen.
"security through obscurity is problematic" #mdl11 from Eric Celeste
New goods coming tomorrow!!
I love me some Jesus!
We follow everyone back as long as u don't appear to be a spam account. It's #TeamFollowBack 100. Mention if we missed u.
Do something crazy today!
Gov't checks to close the pay gap would certainly help. Not sure that's going to be on the agenda... ever. (Nor should it.)
hi babe.
To me, a stew is a dish with a liquid base and chunks of some other foods (meat, veggies, etc) cooked over a long span of time.
Registered my daughter for junior year in high school...
How about Doug Martin, Denver Broncos?
doo you still have your swac clips? c:
DID YOU SEE IT TOO!?
thx for the follow! just checked out your blog. it's awesome! looking forward to exploring it some more. :) -lisa
When I'm hungry I'm just going to take a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar... kills any thought of food or anything else for that matter..
Our designers rock like John Bonham! Wow- what a day!
how do you find another photographer greener than us?
anything u want it to mean lmao
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
RT : Starting your morning w/ 20min of appreciation, meditation n prayer will change the other 23 hrs n 40 min of your day.
maybe its shown at 2x speed :)
Have a great weekend!
Hope you start feeling better.
": The devil keeps on testing me but God keeps on Blessing me !"
gotta love a super productive Monday - and the chance to hang out with kids and horses later!
It’s been a rough start for one of our kindergarteners at Positive Tomorrows! Teaching them how to act is just as important as academics!
signed some titties last night. now officially rockstars.
that's not even a question bro....Cinnamon Toast ALL DAY....shiiiiiit matter a fact....ima pour me up 1 now..lol
WTF?? Are people sleeping?!
Getting in an argument with women is like being arrested because anything you say can and will be used against you! Lesson Learned
Lot on a nigga mind.
glad too!
Great Night last Night, thnks to ,for stopping by - great job by the DollHouse Dj's - Spaz is back next week!!!
you were still tweeting too....
yea and ur moms friend lol
Haha. Realized i replied to the wrong person: I said "I think he can get a pass on cyberinfrastructure" though a teachable moment?
practicing sax ... less me more music is the aim
Well played, Wait... MT Lugar's loss means of the 10 most centrist GOP senators heading into '10 just 1 left: Cochran
" Have a great weekend! #cheers" You too! Be safe!
Only an hour left in our "Deck the Dorms" giveaway! E-mail us at to enter to win a copy!
uh we haven't decided yet lol kinda waiting to decide until Friday just in case lol
Lazy Fit Tip of the Day: Park farther from the door...
Kickoff rockin the Rose City Reds today!
Rehearsal with our amazing Musical Director Bill Cox in 5 min. :)
Have at thee coward = come at me bro.
I really like Camino as a browser. Does anyone else use it?
At #InSisterhood with Pat Ulbrich. Project you need know about!
"FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME TWEET TWEET!" !!(;
How is it you only have 532 followers? That's a travesty! Hope your ego holds up!
Then Follow me & i won't have such a bad day i wish you would follow me
looks like we need to purchase some tix for da bears vs my cowboys #MNF Oct 1st
#sbseminar2012 Presentations are awesome so far!
thnx u are awesome
corporate discount?
oddness and a nice booty
sup man been a whole
Good morning Brandie
i miss you too<33
Someone go shopping with me?!
Are you starting the "reboot" early or just saving yourself or the 5K? Either way good on ya!
What's your favorite downtown Indy Restaurant?
on oovoo if u have one had me laneydavis13
iPhone with no case <<< y'all crazy
Joy to the world, the Lord has come.
#bockfest is CRAZY at ! Get here now or you may not be able to get in!
Searching for a "Gameplay Programmer" ready to work with a A staff @ Bay Area studio. Ping me:
My cup half empty half full.
#RIPDirectionerPaula hit Trend topic we DIRECTIONER HIT OUR GOAL
As a believer in Christ I still believe N the origin but as a Human born in sin, I totally understand the struggle All we have 2 do is love
Pretty cool! I met Magic once; really nice guy.
Dont funny with me them when u see me want to be all in my face like we coo
Ever feel like your family is a little messed up? watc the wonderful whites of west virginia on netflix and you'll get over it
nice shot! Hope you're having a wonderful time.
where are youzzz
I feel as if would approve.
Aw, thanks so much! Followed. :)
I just saw this msg...Thank you, Jimmie!
Just received email that "Steven Martin" is now a follower. For a second thought it was Peed. Then, realizing error, wept.
you cant have CODY without the D
#canon #5dMarkIII like the new spec of 29min recording time. Anyone preorder?
#comcast reneged on bundle deal. multiple attempts to resolve met with different stories, rudeness, calls not returned.
ugh that's a little extreme but not awful, I've paid $300 before.. but I dont have that moolah anymore lol
Oh snap! Pro Keds!
Just landed in Orlando! Let the good times begin!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 4
Quick question. What's your favorite Boston Skate Spot?
right here love what happened ?
I love when u threatening alex with a pen!!(: as if that was gonna harm him! <3333
Thanks for the commercial!
If I cared about basketball, I'd be rooting for
Q1 newsletter out tomorrow. Topics to include: Turkey, machine translation, the global ecommerce and more.
Have something important to ask
#sxsw if you weren't standing in a dumb line right now. Where would you be? Let's meetup there.
Why don't U guys support Demaio for mayor? Is it because is the best choice for San Diego! Say it.
I JUST GOT THE JOKE IN YOUR NAME! HAH!!! [I'm pretty ...] And like there is any quandary ...
Just came across "Internet Marketing" session Interested in following your tweets.
Love you too!! <3 Remember me when you're famous! (;
And I just got internship application rejection
Master class this morning, then some more exploring Rotterdam.
let me know how the Ipad 3 is... I know you all are getting it
In this issue, BILL HUGHES takes the plunge into Baltimore harbor...
And people said Twitter isn't very popular in Palestine - you have > 4k followers! Isn't that the entire PS twitter population?
“: I'm really embarrassed that I haven't been to this banana season. Who will help me right this wrong?” me me me
Sweet! So bringing this to our Prosumption reading group. I so want to make Ritzer talk abt Lolcats
"he looks like the guy from The Incredibles. So animated!"
Ctfu how do he get these cigarettes. Like stop, you gonna get old fast.
Watching Britains got talent! :)
yes sir !!
haha my dad saw them and didn't know what they were at first haha
Time to make the donuts...
i just threw up in my mouth. smh.
If I go back to my old friends, then the old me will come out. Trying to avoid that.
Hey if you want to trade back today I can meet you by Mrs. Treblins classroom after school (:
Watch who sits at ur table & offers U bread. Every1's not always who they appear 2B. Keep God 1st in all U do & He will show U who's who.~RM
Finally going to see avengers tonight. ^.^
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 22
very interesting. i just saw nnamdi at Red Lobster in GB
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other.Thomas Fuller
RT : Does this mean Jim #Irsay gets to collect the leftover #Saints bounty money from the Super Bowl?
Anybody have an especially tasty cup of coffee this morning? Stauf's quenched my morning thirst quite well.
#iug2012 San francisco
I need to get over you.
just did ma
Joe Hahn (Linkin Park) came to The Constant Gallery today, cool! Oh & Jeff Poe (Blum and Poe) came to relieve himself in our potty. Hahaha!!
hopefully I'll be going to verizon soon.
Judge agrees to release possible rape victim A California judge on Monday ordered the release of a 17-year-old girl who had been placed i
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 86
best be playing some video game theme songs ;D
": Hey Nicole your so true. And let's get a band back soon w ! Haha!" The band belongs together!
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's specific that there are widely more options of being dead, or rather not alive.
NB case of the female Navy pilot that was given lesser standard to be qualified. She crashed during a carrier landing & died
Everybody follow she's hot
DANG THAT IS TODAY
I like the sounds of a meet-up!
: paging nurse , Derrick Rose needs you. // oh man...I'm so bummed. I was hoping to go to a playoff game
GOOD MORNING
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!!
Right on ZGirl!
I just fucked around and deleted 7 numbers and stopped following like 3 people lol.
#Muncie,IN! We're going to be on the #FMRootsRadio on Monday night from 7pm-9pm! Tune into 93.5 & 96.7 MAX FM to listen to Tax Brandywine!
I believe has done an amazing job, but I do not think it matches the glory days of boxing (yet).
bro u preachin! Praise God for this I needed this one!
New site launching today at 1pm EST. Stay tuned.
CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS to help us renovate starting end of Dec. through Feb. free beer!free food! get @ us! <3
We can't wait! It is going to be #fabulous and
My girlfriend gives really good blow jobs. If only she wasn't a hand or attached to my wrist..
Glad you're here! RT : Learning a ton and meeting great people in #healthcare space at matchpoint Boston
I gotta a headache
Source: Shaka Smart to take Wisconsin job.
Yeah it's going to have to wait another day. 1 day in, and on page 5 of notes. This might take a while!
Thank You Cheryl Bowman.
Yes sir! It was so good I literally inhaled it.
"The rankings did not factor in affordability or cost of attending college". Pretty important for a study like this, no?
I'm ready to go back to sleep
Search and Rescue? I'll be sure to pick up two of everything as long as its worthwhile. Have fun.
“: May the odds be ever in your favor”👍
Lookin good in this month's See you at in a few weeks.
Good Luck With That
I'm thinking that's an iguana...
THE best SAT Prep, PSAT Prep and SAT Bootcamp are at Columbia Education .. Don't waste your time anywhere else.
RT Twilight in the Park. Rick Robledo & Working Cowboy. Traditional Country-swing. 6:15, Organ Pavilion. #Free!
I just tweeted an updated version of the story. The Indiana suit has nothing to do w/gay marriage
theres this damn mosquito inside my room that wants to kill me!!!
The fridge is full of stuff, I want nothin in there... Why is life so hard sometimes?
Journalists' conference presentations are very different from academics'.
Cried in front of a teacher cause I'm dropping a class. Forever embarrassed... And it's cause I love the people just not the class. :(
granted the Brew crew hasn't exactly been much to write home about. Especially when you live in such a fun city like Old Berlin
RT : Q2: Not enough has been done, unfortunately. The system is still hugely inequitable.
Wow, upgrades are fantastic. Thank you.
Justin's shoes are CUTE ! :)
*cute kid peeing in pool.
playing catch up on the #ncph2012 tweets from this am. Being mom today so everything is slow motion today.
“: Fullerton Car Accident Causes Injuries | California Personal Injury …: At least one person was injured
wat is Tina's?? And anything xcept diet.
Looking forward to the 2012 Lexus Newport to Ensenada Yacht Race! I will be crewing aboard the SV MOJO April 27-29!
ah yeeeassss!!!! #LOVE take care of my boy!!! he needs someone to keep him in check over there!! haha xo
Most athletic??? Huh idk cause our class is a bunch of pussies
hey what did Burnie say? I just wanna get atleast one song done in the next couple of weeks before Berklee gets hectic
I kinda was surprised when I looked at my phone. Text me, I have stories to tell i
Nice one. Buddha said it: “Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”
#scms12 looking at code comments as a kind of rough draft
I'm downloading your mix CD now
Glad to hear it! Glad we connected as well
Crazy wind outside! Loving my lazy Sunday watching "The Notebook" with a Better Buzz vanilla latte.
I am all that's left
Awesome! I havent decided if Im gonna compete or not, of course I will be doin bikini but if I do then have to meet!!!
I don't seem to have pdb track. Oh... duh... I don't have the python-mode Ubuntu package installed at all.
Clips of the jet fuel fire at the Daytona500 piss me off. It's not a sport, it's white trash being amused by things that go in a circle.
I dreamed that I woke in London.=)
Omigosh!! was really in their tiny chat! And I thought you guys were lying...smh. I'm too quick to judge....
Looking forward to the technology conference tomorrow. How #edtech can bring transformation to teaching & learning.
I'm a sucker for cute text messages. 😘
yeah, that'll last a whole week.
RE still run this gogo thang
it's definitely favorable to Schmidt!
RT Just upgraded my computer to 8GB of RAM. Now I can do nothing much faster.
I forgot that Bugles exist. What about Corn Nuts? Corn Nuts makes a statement by spelling "Corn Nuts" correctly.
very nice booty luv hm
you are queen ratchet.
Happy Holidays from !!!!
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
put it on twitter so I can see it!:)
Great! How'd it go? RT : Just finished moderating panel at Southern Comfort - Colorful Diversity in New Media.
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
Tax Dodgers and Loophole Cheerleaders in the house at #M1GS. (but fucking pics won't upload)
That's awesome! How'd you take that great of a photo from ?
I hate school, Monday's kill me.
MOS training today... Offering certifications for students next year!
Do you think I can wear a fedora to digi?
Exactly him but the exact opposite of him.
The soul should always stand ajar. Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.-- Emily Dickinson
I'm the Juggernaut bitch!!
RAY I don't know if I'll do that, but you have the gift of titles! Great title!
Happiness is like a butterfly: the more you chase it the more it will elude you. Thoreau
we need more arab female vocalists & music that can mobilize imagination & the palestinian struggle as in south africa. final paper topic?
Never a dull moment.
sounds good! What kind of show would you want to do?
Double-slaying suspect remains behind bars this morning. Find out what investigation documents have revealed on NBC 6
Urgent need for chicken rescue in Missouri. Contact and put MO in the subject heading of your message.
mine improved when I ditched Dewey, heavily weeded and bought high interest nonfiction
Miss Ragtime on Broadway? hear TONY nominee singing "Back to Before" at the #CMUmusic100 w/some of #myidol s
figured you already saw it
that's cool. I made a few lists but don't use them very often yet. Do you ever bother to remove spam accts? I'm always blocking them
ccha player of the month Reilly Smith(Miami Ohio) customer - COINCEDENCE??? I think not ;) gr8 product = gr8 play
..but for real??
ohh, just finished HW :D tweeting and listening to music, luv our conversations ♥ u are such a cutie!
However we do have needs and I do believe He wants to hear all of them even tho he already knows
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
How would you rank Zusi's latest hair style?
I don't know if I'll ever get used to the thought of hip-hop artists dying from natural causes.
thx. life is pretty great :) hows life in slc?
whats going on twitter talk to me or writ me if you talk to me I dnt know what I would do!
well. this friday night blows. at least my introduction is finished. time to spend an hour or two on twitter before starting up again
Thanks K. Stressful morning ... I'll take it out on the billy goat trail this w/e 😉 RT: : dont do it!
So why do you go to film festivals? Or if you don't, why not?
I have German heritage so I'll celebrate Fünftel der Mai today. Although cinco de mayo kinda rolls out of your mouth better.
>>> You Welcome
If there is a WILL, there are 500 relatives
thanks for the retweet. How is life treating you?
Thanks for the follow! Will enjoy following back...very informative blog. I will be sharing! ~Linda/Natural Balance :o)
Prayer for FUSION tonight 7pm at Nitro Christian Fellowship!
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
A good marriage is the union of two good forgivers ~ Ruth Bell Graham
Berrey says he's an insider, at forums ppl only see "T-shirts of people"
how my Knicks doing ?!?
ayyy beyotch i love you and cant wait for tonight
Thanks so much for the info. Hope to catch this tonight.
I say we keep poking those exposed nerves & see how she likes it when the tables are turned
#RIPWhitneyHouston. A great singer that had an interesting life and at times difficult life.
I'm actually more at the cut-and-paste editing stage.
whoa #DickClark - I saw the ball drop this year with him and it was the saddest New Yrs Rockin Eve I'd seen
hi if logan henderson is following u can u plzs tell him 2 follow me plzs that would mean alot 2 me also follow me
you should check out
You think you're better? hahah great joke. :D
Would allow you to look at the fascinating economic phenomenon of the boycott-driven circulation spike ...
yea I'm glad though! It looks like my mom will win a big pool..esp if Ohio State wins too
you tell me what event!
come visit section 342 row 2 tonight please. I have a cards fan with me that u need to talk to
Just finished watching american idol:) I can't believe that girl's first kiss was :'O
STOP outsourcing Sallie Mae!!!
those are sweet shoes!
follow da club back.
Thanks to for having The Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza last week! Fun times had by all!!!
Well said. RT : athletic republic is where athletes that give 110% get the extra 10%
well I suppose you can say what you want....but I'm not asking what nerlens Noel's favorite love song is. Wait actually I might
How thrilled are you that is on right now?
I know! Or we could simply use..."WAHOO!"
Good luck in the studio today ... Make us some god music :)
See you bullshitting ..
Getting to see him before he left for work>>
Out of the 4 people on my flights I sat next 2 of them were playing fruit ninja before take off
Ud even kno me! Dnt say u love me ugh
Great conference but I should have brought my winter coat.
High Speed Chase
Best mothers day in years.
bike ride...?
so sorry I am missing you all. Tough tough week with midnight or later nights every night.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
and people wonder what went wrong with these kids.
The 90 Day Rule only applies to Women that realized her Pussy aint good enough to keep a Man around
I knew that eventually Galaganov would ask me to play with one of these groups. He knows I've got mad chamber skills
can't wait (:
How does SB champs vs Heisman Trophy winner = Jim Mora and Ron Pitts?
Follow if jou love one direction !
Just spotted my first drunk lephrecan for the st pattys day season! Southside irish parade representative no doubt::)
interesting conversation, btw. Sensing resistance to idea that being an educator doesn't end at 5 with regards to this issue
Im so loved by people I dont even know...this guy who worked at a sports grill just gave me a free meal cuz im broke!
Aw, and you'll miss Franklin Park Railroad Daze in NW suburban FP as well. :(
I'm in the Hilton now. Where you at?
WPP’s Kantar Video: ‘Gross Ratings Points’ Are For TV, Not Online Video (via )...
Such is life
just stop
Every I time I see it feels like it's her 21st birthday.
Hey fellow Trubies, the wolf himself big is on tonight! Will Mrs. Suit replace my cousin Sookie? LOL
In Hawaii listening to what you want me to
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away.But . . . an onion a day keeps everyone away.
: LOL! That would be a "yes," Kasumi.
was at 's show last night. crying actual tears of joy..
This is a stretch, but does anyone know if #Sheboygan gets #Milwaukee news?
Don't come over uninvited TF!
Good morning folks enjoy your day
The amount of quickness LeBron has lost (most noticeable in the half-court) over the past 2 years is staggering.
u r compared 2 me
This feels like the old debate on the value of the object, the "real" thing. I LOVE IT!
Ladies! hit up club Skyline (the old KC Event Center) tonight to meet R&B sensation and get your pic taken by !
"Uncheck to unsubscribe from emails about news, updates & special offers" Jeebus. Could you possibly write a more confusing sentence?
#c2css12 This is what C2C is all about! Sharing stories.
Good job this semester! You deserve the next three months off.
A whole new world
LOL!! Doesn't sound too bad!
Pro SOPA/PIPA ads are all over TV... Please join me and in this fight. Please contact your members of congress!
"Everyones the same color with the lights off"
Reminder to all iPhone #craftbeer people: check out Best beer app EVER!
you're on my mind -- I'm sending prayers, hugs and love your way. xoxo
love you babe!!
I think mfs that yell "ma payday today etc" dusty af.......
Whiny Passenger on NJTransit #128: "Driver can you turn the heat down?" Bus Driver: "Can you take your coat off? I'm cold!"
Beauty doesn’t last forever, but a beautiful personality does.
You Made My Dream Come True And I Thank You! You Made One Bad Day And It Turned Into A Huge Day! Thank You So Much!!!
Love listening to but would really appreciate being able to see what's happening on the field. #toomanygraphics!
charilie batch and wallace
If the rain holds off later, you can go to the game tonight!
great job on post game.
safe travels
... Mate were having a BBQ at my moms Sunday you should come
Tweet till ya skeet..but not n da streetz...lol
HAHAHA. OMG. peed my pants.
Having a couple of Fat Tires m
Thanks so much! If the show gets crazy let's connect after. I'll tell Haseeb to keep an eye out for you though.
If I could marry Ryan Key, or anyone who resembled him, I would be the happiest girl alive.
Thanks for the #Ovations2011 love!
Ill looookk. I'm 12 away from 700. -dies-
why thank you I enjoy modeling xD
Wouldnt be shocked at all if chris petersen is coaching in athens next year
I definitely had one for you. Fun place indeed.
true true, when're you coming to the US?
cool thanks! I dont know Supermen Lovers or Midnight Juggernauts I don't think. Do you dropbox (it like its hot)?
he is related to me
Anyone out there having to change plans because of the Swine Flu, or know someone who's affected by it?
Harold Bloom has actually drawn marvelous comparisons between Rosalind and Anne Eliot from Jane Austin's persuasion.
Crump: "who was the officer who let zimmermen go home with the evidence?"
Does WikiLeaks publicly make available where their donations go and/or their operating costs?
Was thinking same thing. Amazing you were both still gorgeous with wet hair. You are a boy in a man's body. Adorable.
An on-going thing would be great!! How exciting! I think #kindness is a great idea!
too kind! Thank to erbody for coming!
I'M #OCD can't live without reppin! LB bred is the reason tho! We're ILL by birthright!
yes, yes I will! BEST GRAPHIC EVER!!
That's the Alex Smith I know!
Breakfast for dinner #nomnom 🍴🐤🐷🍳🍞
...This is incredible! I weigh myself once a week. For the last 11 Sunday's, it has been LOWER by 2 or 3 pounds EVERY time! This is so easy!
Thats why I just keep driving!! they want that $ to go buy drugs/alcohol!! If they were really hungry, woulda been there!
RT : RT : Today's attendance: 19,087 - The third-largest #mubb crowd of all time. Thank you Marquette!
hey douchebag no one cares :-)
": You can fool some people with an “I don’t care” attitude, but inside you’ll know that you’re doing less than your best."
CHRIS SHOULD HAVE ONE.
Im ready. Lets make it happen
it happens to the best of us
I just totally got ditched.
My favorite Bollywood actor or actress is...
It's 7 am and I'm awake singing " California King Bed " and watching the sun come up. Fuck my life and fuck insomnia.
This is a favorite new lyric, "Here we go mistaking clouds for mountains, oh" #andrewbird at his poetic best
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q3: What # must be added to the control key bitting to determine the control # for pinning purposes?
Crazy man..that guy will never see the field
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity principles are brotherhood, scholarship and service ...Happy Founders Day
nope, never actually been on the site
Piez: What are schemas for? Validation (return set of errors/warnings). Data annotation (return amended doc). Tool configuration
newt: "cheerful"
ilovezaynmalik ∞ what kind of shoes do you like? - i love sneakers. especially Vans <3 IB- Nick 
ion do musi wit niggas no more b. ion know what to tell ya.
Not a fan of a certain menu item? No problem - just replace it with something you’d like! What’s your favorite item to have more of?...
I hope so!
Last night was so fun (:
8 Years for Demasi is too much. He cared a lot for others even if he cared too much for himself.
Hope you enjoy it! ": Just put on your new mix tape"
Good Morning!
damn right we are....
At doctor about to get 7 shots so i can survive #Thailand and #india. This could be my breaking point!
RT : Funny or serious? Help decide 4 my entry 2 #EukanubaPawsInMotion contest. Want 2 meet speaker
Stop pushing things off for tomorrow when u don't know if there is a tomorrow designed for you. Ur last day could've been today. Utilize it!
Dear Lexi, YOUR A WASHINGTON ICONIAC & WE SHALL FIND BAILEY TOGETHER(; iloveyou.shhh. STAY GRAND BBY! Love, Tatsiana
well that didn't work out so well...
Not sure about this
In every relationship one person likes the other more...
2.4 % of ESPN.com brackets predicted Ohio over Georgetown. 2.3% were either kidding, high or attend Ohio University
eh, what's 2 billion? Wasn't his money...IT'S INSANITY! Why don't people see what is happening?
my mom is like so mad. i didnt even do anything. -_____________-
Yeah. For a random second. I wonder if someone was supposed to edit that out eh?
ha haa I'm not tripn
#OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Reduces allergens
amazing company tonight
First new movie I've watched in 6 months: predators starring adrian brody. I need to get out more.
They playing with my hustle now tryna shake my pockets down my nigga's say hold ur head dont let lames bring u down !!
i cant rely on someone else for my own happiness
Mark the date: 3/17/12. My little guy walked his first steps on his own; happy to report that was to hug me. This deserves a beer (for me).
I know, but they were sent in to do prelim work to ensure his safety & they got FUCKED UP on the 1st night they got there.
A little half time courage - anejo tequila straight up!
See you there! RT : If you're attending the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Event today at the Glendale Hilton send us a tweet...
I can't wait for #Summer with my best friend gonna make every single day count. ❤😊 #NotGivingAFuck & no regrets. 😉
Please contact me about my client's suspended account -- need it back up asap! Thank you!!
If you're not going to ask, they'd better be well. Or if you only serve them med-rare, that better be made clear up front.
Kyrie is the man.
RT : FLIP SCHULTZ from NBC's #LastComicStanding @ the Funky Buddha this FRIDAY, Dec 2nd @ 8:30. More info:...
Can't believe how excited I get during my hs rival games still while I'm coaching hahaha 😁🎉⚾ great game today guys ! So proud 😄
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events
It is almost 2:00pm and you haven't stopped by for our $10 Shampoo & Set special!? Don't be left out 6320 Winchester Rd
That would be a great family <3
Yeeaaa! Happy tuesday too you too!!!
Macmillan? McDuffe supports but wants to have more community. Should be a destination for the city. Wilde wants it to create jobs.
...even if I think a numerical (if percentage-based) upper bound on fair amount is highly problematic, in terms of fair use precedent
I'll see you there Megan... I am so lost.
We are all Wisconsin's now, it is time to stand together and fight together we are the working class that pay all the Taxes. We will WIN!!!
is beautiful,i wish i was her
I did & I am SO EXCITED. I'm also keeping my house in Butler so I can see just how thin I can spread myself without disintegrating.
dying to know if you guys are better than the sally strips! Should I bite the bullet and get some strips??
i agree
you all suck.
Answer to every question: Yes, we need to have Tebow Time all the time. Am open to suggestions on how to get that going.
When have u ever not been the prettiest girl in the room????
Daddy nose best will win the derby today.
Be-Salty.Com domain registered and Draft 1 of site design submitted for approval!
we need to plan a beach trip soon!!! Time to rally!
See? HELPFUL. RT : I had no idea Skellan and Alexander Skarsgard were father & son. Just learned that via & Pinterest.
just awesome! Glad I stuck it out until the end.
RT : The US bank bailout exceeded the half-century lifetime budget of NASA.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Once married, your earnings are community property even after you are separated ... until you are divorced.
Just caught the Laurie Metcalf episode, very funny! Was that Anthony on the bench with Sheldon?
are you heated because it's a HEAT jacket?
Norv Turner and AJ Smith to return to Chargers, which means that a lot of fans may not be returning to SD next season.
Fancy Food Show San Francisco! Whose here?! Come see us booth 440
Eugene is Mecca for runners, powered by Pre
Ha! >> : Yes it is. my driveway is the shortest distance between me and the donut shop. Sigh.
and we love having the opportunity to impact lives through #SummerCamp with you.
Make me proud ;-) RT I think...I'm not gonna go to school tomorrow and have a day like Ferris Bueller's was. Yes...it shall be done.
Loving this crazy life I live!!!
Thankyou and you're welcome!! :)
#erl12 Strawn, when we cycle through these throw downs, we never answer the question: who pays for research publication?
Muscles still hurt and sleeping too much. Gotta get up!
I use twitter 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
No!!!! | “: My 5yo: "Mom, can I slide on poles?" #ThingsMomsDontWantToHear”
What KPIs do you think are most important for web stats?
Finally! Sun in #Seattle. How rare.
Lately, I've found myself watching alot of basketball ...........
Can't use the phrase "currying favor" without thinking "curry flavor." Was this deliberate?
Magic trick is an engagement ring...
beta sig sweet, have a few friends from there psu 06'
ANIA, HANNAH and LILYshoot in the studio today! Good morning lovelies!
What's wrong with broad shoulders on ladies?
I just ate protein ice cream AND I get a surprise in the morning
Shoutout to ---> go follow him(:
what game are you going to cover this Friday?
Wth the step back jumper
it was great meeting you in person Pam. Teddy has always said great things about you... Now I know, all true!
There are few ads that better capture the kid-like joy a simple cookie can provide than the new Oreo 100th ann' ads. Period.
At the ice skating rink <3 with <3
Checklist for #RageFest2012... camera, extra batteries, memory cards, comfy shoes, and lots of Spark energy drinks. Bring it on! :)
Probably not going to help. I always work out in the gym at night and now I'm wide awake as ever :(
Cool! (re: Cornell's heron nest in person) My kid was visiting last weekend, too--entering Cornell this fall.
I did hoeee
you didn't have to erase your gorgeous picture! I would have gotten it eventually lol
This makes me sad. I'd say screw em, but that's easier said than done, I know.
What is your #resolution this #NewYear? Do share....
No crime is so great as #daring to excel. -Winston Churchill
Im going to be leaving my school for 8th grade...
Whenever my brother has his baby in June. I try to stay away as much as possible. I was there a few weekends ago but w/ the fam
Q1) Content (levels) is regularly updated. Same game, different versions - #AngryBirds Seasons, Rio, Space, etc.
"Please pass out."
Enjoying the rain with temps in the 70's. Feels like fall.
Oscar Robertson
yeah for sure, oriakhi +bennett/jefferson+ that juco guard haha
thank you and soon!
What do I do with 3 U's & an i
“: Thank you! :D” YW enjoy the weekend
I wouldn't trade what we have for the world.
Awesome video, thanks for sharing!
well what am i supose to say!?!
I have a Droid, not an iPhone.
thanks a lot. I appreciate it. And thanks for the follow
I know I can't believe he's going! But the (literal and metaphoric) show must go on...
I see you Bwoooooiiii!
Wow, what a great Mother's Day experience!
Gee Willikers Don P!! *Robin voice*
We will be sending out the invitations tomorrow at 8AM for our next event! is cookin up inspiration and breakfast!
I'm not really sure lol
Hunters beware, all those dear you shot are gonna come back and get their revenge and among them will be bambi's mom
I know I just thought you should know that.
Can someone explain to me what the poo tumblr is?
David Harris + NY Jets = Go Blue!
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What really hurts is remembering how they used to be.
Hope you have a great day today.We have a new bundle of joy in our lives so everyday is 2x as special since we already had one
No no no no no this $hit is TOO easy
"I am realistic - I expect miracles." ~ Wayne Dyer
Which can be scary. : Twitter is instant feedback for Mtg planners
#globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel.
i need to start my diet on monday
I'm telling you! that was the 5th bad experience i had w mcdonalds in a month!
#eisummit I didn't hear the first question! What was it?
That's because I don't like you lol RT Haven't talked to in a min
lol I'm a single boy you silly bitch I would never ignore you. Iloveyou
#Imagine Austin writes his name on your hand. You: Why did you do that? Austin: Because I wanna let everyone know that you'r mine! <3
see this is what im talkin bout Lebron can't do it by his self smh
Let me just take a moment to say how utterly excited I am for the next Star Trek film. Can't wait.
Fanchon Stingeris the best newscaster name since Wolf Blitzer.
Interesting Thought: When you are split between Hope and Fear on any issue in life, you will be plagued with stress and worry
=) haha Goodnight, talk to you later
Whats wrong with our 1st Lady being concern about our children some1 needs to be. I support breast feeding in California its nature's way!
You need a margarita maybe two, that will lift your spirits
Ya , Obama Corp.
Easter is less than 2 weeks away! Stop in, we have lots of basket fillers! Or how about a gift certificate for a class. :)
no its ok i have theriapst
practice was pretty tight had the gym to our selfs and sparring was alright:) My foot is fucked up again!
Its been to long since Ive watched Skins, I missed this shit bro.
I'll get rest when I die
Enjoying 's new book. Kate's unsurpassed @ frank & interesting writing w/o icky "Look @ me! I'm so fRaNk & InTeReStiNg!" vibe
...Attending the LATINOS AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTS Austin committee meeting 5/19/2011
I will watch the #GreysAnatomy and #Scandal finales tomorrow
ok cool thanks :D
thanks-sweet review of my book KNITS MEN WANT in your spring/summer issue - love the coffee and cream piece too!
ew idk how perrish cox is not guilty, just heard the news, ive seen him lie and obviously he STILL is a compulsive liar. so sick.
Eileen Korey giving advice on navigating HIPAA & FERPA while maintaining ethics of an organization. Control management's expectations.
"today we took a personality test in psych. I forgot what I am but I'm messed up." #sotrue?
What?! Got called in to audition for Power Ranger?!?!
only in for thurs but maybe veg/nurse a hangover Sunday?!?
I'll hit u up today so you'll have it. Hope all is well. Its been quite awhile.
"Keep calm and carry on." - a poster but one that Churchill promoted during the war and I think is especially relevant for a startup
are you announcing your show sponsor tmm? :)
haha. Just a guess. You have to run it now! They won! First time beating Italy EVER. That's history!
clear as day
No doubt!!! I gotch you!
God I love so much
its my birthday !
Feeling a lil confident with this PHHE final....
good luck with Rogue Romance today!
I dont get the new JC Penny commercials. I know its artsy & the ad agency art director probably loved working on them but Im lost.
If you're a #Mariners fan and you're UP right now? That's some dedication.
volleyball practice laater (:
Thanks!! I appreciate and (might need) the good luck!
What's your fitness schedule looking like today?
Started the day by remembering I forgot to submit an assignment last night...
has free chicken wings today @ Babes on Schroeder Rd! Visit www.phreeps.com
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! ♥ i love u vic
The NYPD is spying on the Muslim community and OWS, while domestic terrorists throw a molotov cocktail at a mosque in Queens tonight.
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. -André Gide
No Damon in the lineup? Well damn, the #Indians really do hate me. Sigh
When you touch me, it's so delicious listening to gaga before finals = stress reliever
- just realized that in your profile pic you are playing with your kitty...
“: I can't stand childish people.” you ain't the only one
I feel sorry for people who can't see themselves for what they are, accept their own flaws and come to terms with it. They must be miserable
So glad my friends and came to visit me today! I had a long (but great) day, and they were a welcome break. Thanks u 2!
And I have more where that came from! Silicon is dying to have me ;-)
thank you so much, I'm really glad you checked us out
In 1948, I begin a serious intellectual quest for a method to eliminate social evil. _Martin Luther King, Jr.
Off to pick up a photo of mine going in the Del Mar Fair. You can't miss it! A Christmas table cloth drying on a clothes line.
Sounds great! :)
And lo, the Lord God said "ye shall go out into the world and rent a house." And it was done.
Am I the only NON taylor swift fan?
Sorry bout my little rant guys. I had to let it out somewhere, and I don't think my mom would wanna listen to it lol.
some other faggot ass dj stole a remix from dj boi jeanious
Josh Smith...middle finger to you dude.
Yo Chick She So Thirsty..
hm. Doesn't really sound like I'd appreciate you sending her my way.
yes you are
Let it rain!
RT : Join Shayna tmrw for "The Art of Adjustments" (1:30-3:30). Continuing ed credits for teachers with the yoga alliance.
RT: That's called being styled upon. ": You ever watch somebody hate on your shit then, b on it next week?"
You will never be fully free until you see your idols and you challenge them to a fight of the death with Jesus' help.
Shit just got real..
I hope you don't mind. I sent you a LinkedIn Message :)
I'm alive. Its gymtime meds are helping most definitely get over the sick
Oh iPhone. I've only known you for a few hours and already I love you.
Good morning!!! Breakfast is served at 9am! WAKE UP!!!!!
got a call today from your hood...looking for some of the Voivoda plum, pear and quince brandies you tasted.
Praise God!!!RT : just received a call to come back for a second interview!
Make your way #downtown for happy hour!!! It's a beautiful day to be out!!!
Halftime at Lloyd Bowling Green over Brossart 28-18
confirmed we do have an issue with ks2, we are working to get this resolved
Thank you to the amazing for speaking to our group today! We'll stay away from writer mistakes for sure now! =D
Tonight!!!! New Year New Mix Show!!! w/ and on 10pm!!!! RT
I Didnt Want To and I Had Did My Friend Hair and I Had Left With My Cousin
I seen both sides nw
how is your day going so far?
The bird netting worked. We actually got to pick and eat some blueberries and strawberries! Can't repeat what the birds said though :)!
oh, that hurts.
Just wrapped up a photoshoot for the homie now he's #Miami Official . . . Stay tuned for the recap video
Back on the ground in PDX! Great to see the sun shining. Now gotta get ready for the Chef and Farmer collaborative.
#hurricaneirene draw closer to coast max winds of 115mph
Class or work is where u should be. Life doesn't get easier
Because for me, it’s always been you; always. I’ve tried to fight it && I’ve tried to deny it but I can’t. You’re undeniable.
glad to help you obfuscate you private life from public forums.
Love is...unexplainable
Let me see you do your pretty girl twerk .
Yes, heard Epi Ad is being pulled, and they will modify, (via our Doctor, via FAAN office)
I'm exhausted. I have so much work to do.
#TheGrammysTaughtMe that everybody will watch a very diverse event for different reasons.
I just followed you because you are a dj and I am looking to get my artist on your next mix tape get at me if you like what you hear
DM your email addy...& # I will email you information.:)
looking forward to it !
i HEARD you be playin' around. Bitch, when you're with me - you'll be settled down!
Saw an add for a Red Bull fruit smoothis
Your mom's mom-fu could stop concrete from hardening
yep they all n ya computer
This I-wear-my-knit-cap-in-the-summer bullsh*t has to stop immediately.
hey babe...did u figure it out?
Treat yourself & a loved one to a relaxing, therapeutic massage in San Antonio this weekend. Buy 1, Get 1 Half-Price. Now Thru Memorial Day.
that's the best!
what time u spinnin? Can i kidnaps u and take u to the other thing?
seems movie has been removed?
Glad to hear it! Discs coming soon - may you have lots of movie viewing pleasure - & thanks for listening to Subject:CINEMA
thanks for the shout outs dude! :) really appreciate it!
Hahaha ! RT If yu hoop in ankle socks im not playeen on ya team lol
This is one big clusterfuck.
yea its classic. Never gets old
Oh yea #KingsAllDay #LastGameStillCounts RT : I think I heard a "Beat LA" cheer. I think that's taken care of.
Damn just told me I'd like a water bottle which is already my favorite water bottle, of all things. Freaky.
Thank you to all my new Twitter followers! Love reading YOUR tweets, too!
just cut it out. I don't care whos fault it is
praying for you honey and your family. Love you.
Great weekend for New York Sports! win, the are back and hopefully the pull it out tonight!
So when is the contract with #Streetlife over? I don't think I can take Lenny Kravitz's "Fly Away" anymore.
thank you so much! that truly means a lot to me. I've always been appreciative of those who have taken an interest in my work
Follow me? [:
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMI !!!! I LOVE YOU
Fix for Intel's flawed chip to cost $700m
so I'm like haha funny or "I can't take u serious" funny -_- lol
Adopting A Rabbit? Learn These Tips About Rabbit Hutches! | Feisty ...
