Training Day Part II
The fact that we getting along now tomorrow we gone be going at it like crazy Lolz
I'm at Akers Mill Cinco tonight with Ken Bennett. Hope to see you there
#Bulls C Noah game-time call; Asik to start.
Thanks for coming, friend! MT : Off to celebrate 's birthday at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
No, he brought me a sub from a place called Jimmy John's...love their subs! I'm home sick today though, maybe that sub wasn't
Josh Hamilton is on pace to have 199 RBI's this year.
Singer/Hip Hop artist from North Carolina. I'll send you some links :)
One more Flickr article and it's a trend
Eye tag at the gym is fun lol
I know its not the same...but, perhaps I could use edmodo for that.
Hey guys! Wow I haven't been on in forever! I need to start getting on more lol
So my Birthday is a week from today! And i still have no plans!
Ugly blister on my thumb
great quote. Thanks for sharing it.
The singer of Cannibal Corpse is banging his head way faster than I can. Just sayin.
thank you for the RT
the shit I hear at work. I should write a book one day.
Best part of an early morning smt (besides working w/lovely clients) are the made to order omelets. I'd get up evry day for a veggie om
me and are about to be staples in the pen this year. i still got the closing job though
I love italy
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”
I think my fakee crying baby died ;O
Is anyone doing Summer Olympics programs at their libraries? We are looking for some games we can play with the kids.
Customer service is horrible in this
bru mine starting out rough
hahah! Yeah? Can't blame me either! Lol next time tag him! He's online(;<3 blhahah whens she performing??:o
As a white woman, bras are offered in "nude" to match my skin color, as are bandaids.
I can no longer say that I've never seen crotales played with knitting needles. I guess I'm growin up...
If you find yourself sympathizing with David over Bertie, you could go see W.E. But that might make you hate Madonna.
If I were a female bird I'd be jealous that male birds looked like, way prettier than me.
Sudden hankering to curl up with a Willa Cather novel. Preferably Song of the Lark. Now, if only I could find my copy...
But 1 Get 1 free appetizers all day and night Plus crab leg dinner or surf and turf on the dinner special board.
There should be a dating service for people than can only write 140 characters or less.
Ariana Grande is too pretty....sigh, why can't i be her?! :P
Your tweets are the best I love them.
Is it true that all tweets with a wink have a link? Just kiddin' or not . . .
"Don't cry, run around in circles." — I love you kid
"I know of all the things that I hear they be pokin' fun at, never the tweets tho, they know I run that."
I hope this wasn't retaliation.
I agree, used games have already paid for their server slot, the old user is gone and gets replaced by the new owner !!
Act like ignition wasn't the shit
if such a law does exist that permits folk to kill and go home and sleep I am unaware of it....and im a fl resident 20 + yrs
"Love your enemies until you have none..." #wisewords from a decent man
Thx for following!
Nice Terri Schiavo reference. Thanks for reminding me to eat more vegetables.
How did it take me this long to discover the delights of cumin?
Stop using Photoshop filters on your images. I'M SERIOUS! Yes I'm talking to you! STOP IT!
Global Ozone Project - students around the world install ozone monitors and post results on Google Earth.
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of "walk".
Just popped my knee out of place... Hurt like a bitch.
Maybe it don't work on your phone or something but you could always look at the mobile settings!!!!
yes we know your man plays for da lakers but would u still be with him if he wasn't
A lot of people find themselves always having to prove to other people that they are better than them, but that's vanity.
not if you study... A lot!
Packing for Sacramento this weekend..idk what to wear over there
Oh My Fuuuccckkennnn God!!!!!!
RT If I never see the word "convergence" again, it'll be too soon.
Though the cloud feels like a public space, it is actually a private space. Makes "free to all" more difficult, ie ebook lending
she dnt NEVER drunk call/txt me so im guessing someone else gets her drunk calls/txts
Jenna Marbles = HILARIOUS
Glad this is Kenzie's last day of camp.
Happy New Year world!! What a great year it was. Can't wait to start a new chapter and see what 2012 brings!!
At the store buying more foaming trouser snake.
Your lack of Pop Culture knowledge is an affront to society
When is gonna be here??? people are already talking about it!!!
Small steps make an impact. If there's one thing that you would change in your life TODAY to help the planet what would it be?...
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!
Aww my roommates bf paid for my dinner and movie too
are you trying to use it on your phone or macbook? it won't work on phones or ipads from what i know. see too lol
All that matters is the mission - President Obama
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought I was living my life and you were living yours.
My effin neck is getting stiff again. Fml
so could I drive down and take you to dinner?
My icon has just changed to an egg wtf
Nice win , great effort & bein more of an ext of Scottie on the floor. keep bein that
happy birthday to :)
Mixtape: Checking Out New Bay Area Hip Hop - KQED
Good workout! Looks like its gonna be a hot one! Gonna try to get some sun today :)
And I'm only 23 I'm the shit like look at me
You don't know ur beautiful (:
Perfect nite for a run around Glake!!
I have never seen Jeff so wasted!!! It's the first night...
Ain't that just like LeBron? Ain't that just like D-Wade?
THANKS! I'll ask that shortly & tweet you back the answer!
Girl, you is crazy. And inspiring. Crazy inspiring, even. And I just registered for the Marine Corps Marathon.
Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter! I was one day gonna tweet her something.. well guess its to late for that... :'(
As a Browning Marketing Group Independent Contractor I can help you promote/market your business, product and YOU. Contact me!
Does seem like a possible perverse incentive, tho academia's not only C customers.
You two are absolutely smokin' hot in your Cannes shoot! Any chance you'll offer signed 8x10s? ; )
Louis c:
beautiful day in NYC!! Perfect place to showcase my Cali smile. I know you can relate. think apt on Bleeker. smile
I don't 'wish' for anything. I work for fairness and decency and civility. Threats of an America you fear is nonsense.
Happy Valentine's day everyone! Make sure all of your loved ones know how important they are to you!
Why is it no one today can ever admit to being wrong? I have so much more respect for someone who admits that they made a mistake.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
John Cena -- PUBLIC Kiss-Off Before Divorce
Every text I get, I hope it's from you. !
Does BI accept wig donations? If so, send details please!
Classes starting in April for Salesperson's license and online CE always offered! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
what time is it? _______________
I feel like I should be tweeting more. Tweet, tweet, tweet~
i forrgot my password this suckss broo i cant rember it for i thing
Thank you!!
any one wants to chat?
You're a machine, Mr. Campbell.
RT I wanna do something Out of the ordinary today. Any suggestions?! - help someone less fortunate...
I'm not even un-employed yet, officially and I'm already bored! :-/
You can't pretend to land on cold hard metal.
why no Fleischman?
RT : Today in Jewish History (1945) Nazi Germany surrenders to the Allies, ending Third Reich and WWII in Europe.
I bought it full price :-( RT : Soror, I have it via PDF for free, if you need it. Not worth the $1.99! LOL
what is intagram exactly ?0.o
RT : Red light cameras going live Thurs: Monroe/Alexander and Goodman/Clifford.
Just remembered about this redbox movie fuckkkkk, 2 days late.
Cr8ing an "idea/inspiration box" 4 stories- #EdShareLou what's your story abt parent engagement: working/not working
:/ tests suck .... Dayyum my ceiling fan is loud .. I wonder how I sleep at night
“: If you watch the Titanic backwards it's about a magical boat that saves people.”
Damm I'm in school office rite now they bouta send me home cuz they heard my mans and I was bouta start reckin after school. Fml.
Happy Birthday to my MOST AMAZING Husband Shane!
With in gym :*
$2 half pound burgers 5pm to 10pm. Get out of the rain and have a great burger
Listen for the New George Strait song in the New Music Spotlight song at 8pm! Then win $1000 at 8:05!
hey i think that ur whole family is amazing keep up at life and live it at the fullest hope u follow and reply thanks :)
I'm so tired I can't think. Why am I still up and on twitter when I should be sleeping? I can't answer that question because I'm so tired.
+1 RT : Getting super excited for the
Special shout out to SCO for his song "Prayer" my number one song rite now
Dr Pepper, or and soda, is not that appetizing when you think of it as bubbly, watered down syrup.
good u?
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level. ~Max L. Forman
Gym time!! Chest & shoulders today!
ahah yeah well I am a girl (x
Thank you, lovely! Congratulations too! Gosh, I've been so out of the loop! I'm so happy for you! :D
just the 3 in 1 leaked? how about the bottle of shampoo I added? was that ok?
Downloaded it- the reviews are awesome! Can't wait to read
"to build a home" by the cinematic orchestra. Won't listen in public or without tissues. And I REALLY don't cry often.
We've been threatened at work with lawsuits over a driveway not being plowed well enough, & a car being towed. Ridiculous.
I never thought I would see this day...
Meeting you guys on 11-20-11 was the best day ever ! Give us another amazing day buy following us ?! <3 ;D
reading a book . U ?
i was just going to ask if santi was playing great or nico was horrible in this tbreak.
No! Im dating Someone! Thanks but ha im pretty sure you dont even know me to Actually like me!
Thanks! RT #FF For daily geopolitics dish, the ever-stilettoed ...
wow, you got them all I see.
Yeah. So I will talk to you later
go out with friends
Berries protect your brain from its natural decline, and what better way to take them in than on a waffle! Berry Compote, mystical elixer.
I'm not feeling like a princess this week either. :(
I've decided to stop spending money at any business that posts motivational quotes prominently
THX! And to you as well! RT : A very happy holidays #ff to some of my fav people
smh I cant take it!
website was still hanging in there until about 30 minutes ago.
Everybody puts your hands up there playing my song there Playing my song the butterflies fly away...
What a great game!
Cheered for the goal, then felt bad. Go Claude Go!
no more fucking around, I'm gonna start making some changes! I just wanna be happy..
Sounds great if I hear anything, I'll let you know.
ur my inspiration 4 life!! i cnt believe how far uv came I'm so happy 2 say that I'm a #mahomie no matter wat <3
Three found hours - woo hoo!
RIP. so sad that another beautiful life has been lost... My condolences to the camacho family
See I WIN . oh & #Singlegangordie <3
love it! Especially for the tech generation. Use their medium to get them to engage. Awesome.
Roxy!! I didnt even know you had a twitter lol
I-95 out of the state ASAP? RT : What to do tonight in New Jersey? Where are good spots? Suggestions...
Happy Cinco! Stopping by Hi Hit tonight for $5 Margaritas and $3 Mexican beers.
What is the actual cost of homelessness in ABQ?
CAN'T WAIT FOR FRIDAYS USTREAM! I look forward to it everyday!
It's time to test your smoke alarms, fire extinguishers, start and service heaters, and test carbon monoxide detectors. Call if you need us
Dear twitter account, stop trying to be funny and just give me breaking news. Signed, every single one of your followers
Canon power shot..SZx IS, but I decreased the resolution on pic,,it is prettier than the attachment.
im not ... i told you i loved you 7th period! :)
"checking-in" on fb and tagging people is funny to me. i dont understand why ppl do it, so i do it too.
no just travelling a ton. Let's catch up soon.
Are you going to Portland OR again soon for a show/appearance?
I love country girls 😘😉
Caps better get it going quick cause the Rangers ain't messing around tonight!
30+ people whom I love at my house. We are blessed.
Sorry...this one is only open to ages 7-14
Blah blah blah. All we've been hearing all offseason from other teams. We do our thing and always have. Pay no mind to the rest.
Im in the same position as you! Im moving to:'( follow me! And you wanna buy me a subway?;) x
And now the crying has stopped, but the nativity scene wise men are fighting over who gets to be captain America and who gets to be Dr. Doom
Hope to see u next time, we were not able to participate yesterday! See u at the Buggy!
Now inspired to consider how digital engagement & social media can be leveraged to be more Reggio-esque.
you don't shake hands during series, you do it game one at tip n after its over. One those unwritten rules
Tonight. On air with I know it's mothers day weekend. Youre in luck, I talked to your mom, shes coming too
okay! Make sure u eat a lot so you can hold your liquor 2nite.Have fun and be safe!!
with history on the domain names
RT : As you give more & more, you have more to give. As the joy of giving flows out from you, new richness fills your life.
Aww that's so cute!! Congrats to her! Any pics or videos?
I love you so much & Wish the best for you. We will miss you yo<3
Ine really care to be honest.
Glad to know it'll be colored. You know how the littlest art critic feels about uncolored sketches.
we need to move forward. i didn't make a video, but i've done video projects in the past. no one can deny that you put in a lot
Shouldn't Thee Oh See have released 4 albums by now for the year? I'm worried.
Biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise at brunch this weekend: Saturday and Sunday from 9am-2pm
Left church an hour ago. Back to the house to keep with the writing marathon. I'm on a two book mission for 2012, possibly three.
Have to go back to Arby's to reupload a Video!Manana!What a pain!
Hope i can be as successful as my dad is when i take over the company
hi!! I am really pushing as hard as I can!
Finished my essay on the classification and division of band members
The parallels are eery. RT : Is it just me or is Sarah Phillips a more successful WenoSports
I'm late with this ...but $alute to OKC #NBAPlayOffs 1st round!
That's the best part of parenting. I can make her hate who I hate.
now knows I like gadgets, bank account is sad.
i had no idea that i loved you!
Absolutely. I meant good investment for me, not in general.
Today's lunch hour appointment: threading salon. Eye-watering, but so worth it!
That sounds terrible, honestly. I'm sorry you have to work then. I will be grading or working on projects.
when you commin home never? lol
I want coffee.
ARE U WATCHING HOUSE OF PAYNE TONIGHT? :)
Is it really that hard to be original nowadays?
2day Is Gonna Be Very Long But Rewarding, Tonite I Got The Show At Steel Toast On The Beach Ladies In Free All Nite!!! Lata -Breeze DTA-
Hey There Ho There Hey There Hi There
Everything is so dust-covered now! definitely not helping seasonal allergies
Morning......God Bless
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
bye bye One Tree Hill:(
34 degrees in RSF this morning. Crazy! Will get to 70.
what month prediction shall it come?
Rid your house of all those foods that you know you have trouble resisting. Your family should be willing to make sacrifices!
You hear that? That's 5,000 IU fans cars starting and heading back to Indiana.
friday nights alone..
Invited parents for Xmas bkfst as usual; Mom said "I'm surprised" Why? "B/c u no longer eat meat" What does she think #vegan means? No Xmas?
Understand & educate yourself about the differences between men and women. God created us to have different needs.
He does have quite the mancrush doesn't he?
"I will remember you. Will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by."
So tell me, do Venus blow your mind?
hot mess
At the Upright Citizens Brigade improv show
Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy
taking a class in screen printing wednesday!
wow way to bring me down. It's okay. When I get older I will buy a jeep and come pic you up.
Did you review Darjeeling? I'd love to read more about the deliberate angle.
where are more? I was at these shows and didn't take a single photo!
lol nah you must be lookin in the mirror kid ;P & I love you more punk <3 (:
Just got off work on my birthday...on the other hand. I love everyone who wished me a great day today! I have stellar friends and family 💙
that made my life, forreal tho.
Yes let ist snow :) The first Snow is falling Happy
no. Sadly it's part of this horrible disease. Just good healing thoughts. Hoping no ER today or any time soon. Thank u, love
Off to meet my agent and new editor in NYC
Requiscat in Pace => May he rest in peace, abbreviated R.I.P.
2 more pages of science!! #LEGGO!!!
Just met with one of the founders of I'm sold on the idea, they'll be doing big things for sure - hope they choose Portland!
Layover in ATL!!!!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
I won't be able to attend the #momacriticalplay talk on either the 17th or the 18th - will it be taped or just livestreamed?
Taylor Kitsch!
Mixing Marketing With Social Games and Extreme Sports - New York Times
EXCELLENT - why didn't the Bush tax cuts work? FINALLY the media does its fucking job. Newt's response? Slam Obamacare.
Hi , evaluated bus 16Y recently? Standing room only, often with crowded stops skipped completely due to no more room. Ideas?
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul” ~Douglas MacArthur
Tweet about how much loud you smoke and I laugh at you now I know you use to that BS Regina
Thanks for the recommendations!
that is very disappointing
Where are you and why am I not taking photos on set?
Eating something that tastes so good at first...then when you start really enjoying it...it taste like crap!
Aquifer tonight, VIP with my team
not sure what you're smoking, but...can I have some please?
wow we have to discuss immediately!
Hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us. - Romans 5:5
congrats!! Was rooting for you guys and the
you can have scrapple anywhere in the U.S.! We will send it to you.
excuse me but I don't know you and you scare me.
How are ya, sir? Headed home?
TROY!!!! Everytime I see that sign it makes me laugh.
My friend is in luv w/ Harry Styles! Gotta luv her tho!
Starting the Phantom Tollbooth with the kids for reading. I am so excited because I LOVE this book!
RT MSU soccer Bowling With Bears Tournament & Silent Auction today at 3 at Enterprise Lanes! All welcome!
A wonderful day with and Night all!
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him "color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon."
I have boots!
Merry Christmas to all!! And to all my Simpsons and Biebers
heyy vinnnyy:) i would like die if you just replied back to me pleeeasssse you will make my hole life. #pleasenoticeme :)
Please Follow Me :) swag
Surfing on the Water's Edge
Omg i cant believe i have 3 C's right now -.- but im so lazzzzyyyy to do work!!!
Homework not done 😒
hahahaha yes! It describes our entire lives!
That's some quality graphic design.
As the Series comes to a close, so do our #BCS deals. Get your hands on great electronic deals while they last!
I do too. At least I was at a good Super Bowl Party at the time!
RT : How come?
Agreed, especially salmon hot off the coals.
o-roo to you bruh! Happy centennial!
Oh and #GirlWithTheDragonTattoo was good - but 20 minutes after the climax I thought Lisbeth was going off to the Undying Lands with Frodo.
I predict 4 of the 5 from UK to leave tonight, maybe lamb or MKG might decide to stay
Finding that I still care about text & differentiate between text & paratext.
Prayer is not simply asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness.
Marketing meeting today. So excited to get the ball rolling on this event. Hopefully this week we will start posting more details.
because OBVIOUSLY he's a substitute teacher!
am I supposed to know your number through a telepathic connection that you haven't told me about?
Early in the morning and im omw to work.... sure is a good way to start the morning
All business done! Relax Mode.
Go see "True Grit" if you haven't yet...great cast/great movie
spurs/bulls...finals.
Ugh. Do you know what middle school?
Thinking about the joyful life of Steve Jobs. Our American Technology Maestro
has discovered the upside to no personal space in NY -- GORGEOUS men come and sit with you at a Starbucks table to escape the rain. YUM.
Thanks to new follower.
One interview down and another request in motion. Reaping the rewards of insomnia.
"Lord I did all these great works in your name!" & He will say depart from me you worker of iniquity, I never knew you. Works can't save you
Thank you :)
why does this stuff always happen....i dont understand???
Thank you! You too!!
Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first #NBA bucket!
It's freezing here in Denver! Omg. Miserable and rainy. Thank God my hotel is less than 40 feet away from the conference center!
the investigation should also look at copyright violations.
Gunna try to fix it with my old bestfriends , i hope this works out , i miss them so much .
Girls in summer dresses >>
#TW5OnBILLBOARD OH MY SIVA'S CHEEKBONES!!! so proud of you guys!!!!
that made you less of a wreak
it would be nice to have an option to configure magento checkout steps in any way customer needs. Let's say turn off some of the steps.:)
Our pool guys this week nearly stood on a 5 foot snake in our backyard. Oh the challenges of living in Australia.
tryin to sleep
Man, the Academy Awards are boring!
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Directv commercials....no wait that is a stretch
you're a jackass.
I just notice that I didn't send not one smiling which is weird !!! lmfao I'm always smiling let me see if I can send u 1
I forgot how much of a banger loca people is
those are cold bruh
meat loaf meat loaf, tasty meat loaf crunch!
What's up tweepz? These lifetimes movies r so good.lbvs
Im really losing patience with
laying here
If I got a problem with you ill tell you straight up. I don't beat around the bush and play yalls little bs games
no! I will defend the man n say there better b chocolate chip pancakes awaiting in the mornin!
Treat yourself to a caffe latte today. You deserve it.
11 More Days til Team Hoyt Portrait is unveiled followed by sale of exclusive signed & numbered lithographs as Boston Marathon 30 approaches
“: LoLz Hit Me up BitCHez Ill do yeer homework if yoU buy mE ChickEN” lol what a freak
only makes sense. swerve to tha beatz!
Yahoo to double Olympics presence in London
Shopping ;-) Little research project at Roosevelt
Writing Conference Realities: On Criticism, Tote Bags, and Finding One's Voice
Omg just a couple more hours till my bday I'm so excited happy early bday Mikey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love u so much and it's True!!!!!!!!
Oh! Look at that #Honduras is gonna participate in the #OlympicGames!!! An Spain is the 1st rival -_- The game in the world cup came to mind
& , we'd love to have you! Next week we're having an olive oil tasting from 6:30-8 before the wine tasting! Join us?
RACER RODRIGUEZ 13 Y/O author lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. CATHERINE CAMUS controls dad ALBERT's estate in FR. WGAW hides their money in L.A.
My mom is the best cooker c:
Parrino and Headley both went yard today!! Parrino's first and Headley's 2nd Grand Slam!!
thanks Brian! We hope to see you again soon!
If a "friend" of mine says "He knows the Truth now" after I die, please find a way to hurt that person.
TALKBACK TONIGHT after
Watching Remember the Titans ... Wasn't going to but I can never change the channel on this movie
I love armenian dancing
The CIA: Culinary Institute of America
Saturday. Less trouble on a Wednesday night
she's OFICIALLY
RT : Q3) How do you know when technology improves work, when it hinders it, what criteria do you use to decide? Examples?
Thanks for re-tweeting!
A charm would add to his handsomeness ;-)
I'm such a mess
Should Insurance Cover Alcohol-Induced ER Visits?
omg i love nicki minaj<3 she's awesome!!!:)
A homeless man told me this joke: how do you find Will Smith in the snow?
i'm leaving in like 3 weeks and I know:(
NIALL NIALL NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
RT: Shouts out to my family. and
Are you sure he didn't actually taste you?
On set this beautiful Sunday for HBO's The Newsroom!!!
What Would Keith Judd Do
Rachel () has been with our little revolver LA family a year today!
Rugrats Go Wild (no change needed)
love the icons.
Thank you to and for the wonderful baked treat yesterday. It was delicious!
Ladies and Gentleman we have our Winner!
Oh I'm so bored lol and no one is up this late really haha
im out!!!! lmao
country music and cold beer
So awesome that is opening an office in the Madison Building in Detroit!
Just watched 2 Season finales. Hahaha one pairing I like, the other is messed up.
RT : RETWEET if You Follow Back Like I Do #teamfollowback - almost always, unless spam tweep or blatant advertiser
Going over audition tapes gettn ready to cast this movie.. stay tuned
Congrats - a $10 driving credit is yours!
TY Jenny for the RT of the "BEACH SLAPPED" film clip! Have a fab day!
May your will be done Lord
Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year. It's going to be a great one!
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau
Niggas say I'm fly but to her I'm god- tyga
got it! Sorry that's been killing me for a few weeks now :)
the "and yes" mentality is road map in brainstorming Shutting people down w/ "no buts" stunts growth
it's December:)
WE ARE
ah ok thanks a ton. Thought it was more magical then that lol
#1: "I got some Canadian's tracking info because he misspelled his email." #2: "Was he ordering maple syrup?"
Wearing my suit jacket wade Barrett style.
hey baltimore and are you ready for some Skeeball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im sorry it was a green monster.. dont hurt me i havent met bieber yet! :(
I will DM (Direct Message) you the information.
he's terrible
I'm wonderful!
hoarders! best show on tv
Driving back from cloverdale. Had an awesome "camping."
1st rehearsal : Steven Drukman's Prince of Atlantis w/ Me, Jeremy Glazer, John Kapelos, Nike Doukas, Warner Shook. Great Day!
Friday The 13th :)
We will all think differently.
Love it! Enjoy Chicago!
lemme see if i can hit 8,800 before the day is over
When it changed you slipped up like the last time
No ones online except Jc & Justin. Justin wont notice me. So haaiiii Jc (:
I'll move on baby just like you. When the desert floods & the grass turns blue.
Felt great to see a friend of mine that has and always will b there for me! Wish I could live in the ville! After my bachelor's!
ima try again too
how u doin girl(:
Want to give a good luck to on his fight this Friday! The fans going to love this kid!
I know what you mean. People sometimes say enjoy being single and free, but I've done too much of that!
I just took the deal prices (purchase price or valuation) divided by publicly stated user numbers.
What bothers me most about the #ifiwasblack TT is the poor grammar. CORRECTION: #ifiWEREblack - unless, somehow you were black before...
I just realized that I have a lot of math homework I didn't know I had. Dammit.
lemme blow them candles out 😏
will ask her for slides/video link. She did how-to videos and product doc for Scantron, the test scoring machine.
He's coming back! #colts RT : REGGIE! REGGIE! REGGIE!!!!!!!
Arnold Schwarzenegger themed Sound Design, and more, are up now on #productionvault! Check it out!!!
ownership speaks volumes my sistah
Montana fans getting vocally frustrated
Nah, upgraded twice.
humid af outside. i step outsied and im sweating in 5 seconds.
": It's Going Down Tonight... Friday May 11 Mixtape Release Party 618 Live On Waters 618 North Water St Milwaukee WI"
is The Hunger Games good? I'm seeing it 2day
Hi Jeffrey, thanks for your interest in the Z990. I will check on any deals coming from Kodak for you. Thanks again!
Lately a lot of ICONiacs have turned into Directioners... #why?
To all the people writing about how Internet Explorer doesn't suck anymore: just you wait. Just. You. Wait.
yea la area
What features a 100 yr. old legend, is history rich, and is coming to theNAT in Feb.? #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition
no no no that doesnt matter because nobody cares about how a loser feels haha
So, I get my work bonus April 20th. Any ideas on how I should spend it?
"I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit"
Don't miss out on our weekly specials!
wish I was your shadow. Have an amazing art filled weekend at
Schmidt is such a moron
hey what's up? How are things going?
I'm like seriously obsessed with never say never I watch it like 3 times a day! Gotta love !!! #EPIC <3
Pretty morning for a race!
Working on demos all week... I think we might have a new song in there somewhere!
Jesus had no problem showing up to support John's ministry. You miss out on so much being only about your deal. I want to be about Kingdom.
Good luck and have a wonderful day!
he may be a better point guard at this point but not a better player.
If only it were that simple. I think it's time for Columbus to step its game up on public transportation.
Thanks Hans!
Good Morning Tweeps!
the foot prints in the snow during winter....
DENTON, TX?! Where you at?! Meet you at Haileys tonight at 7pm, w/ for the
That was some hot shit smh keep my black ass in the house tonight...
Spent the first afternoon of my staycation weeding the back yard. We now have at least 10 bags full of weeds. I ROCK SO HARD! :/
Salam! How are you?
Attending the Zope Foundation members meeting; feels like we're in Europe today. :-)
Me...Ed...Tigers Game...VIP...that is all
hear hear, I've been fighting w it too
you are bad. Lol!
me too. breaking bad and dexter too.
Celeb sighting leaving #arlis2012 Peter Bogdonavich in interminable customs line @ Toronto airport
lmao ima just get a trim!
90% sure someone is selling product placement in my dreams
Black on the rocks...
A reason to leave work on time is appreciated since I'm not good at that on my own! Thinking of a poodle mix...
Wisconsin sports is tha shot and tha urine!!!
busy Thursday night on the terrace! JLO aroma in the air. Saturday is going to be retarded. Book your VIP reservations now!
It was nasty. My brother and I got an escort through it. The cars were completely leveled. Very tragic.
I want to give a Welcome to my Hawaiian AKA sorors in town this weekend. Come meet and greet them at Eden lounge for Happy Hour
NATO is going to screw this town up this week. I hope my two cop buddies are safe this week!
Kay just thinks she's better than
: not much just sittin in church listenin to my fathers day sermon haha
the guy at Walgreens said to have a good morning...sounds weird
Growth Pearl: Meditation allows a balance of feeling and thinking. How is it working out for you?
You smile then you cry, You live and then you die,
Hey, I'm home.
..cruelty? What if they busted their perverbial asses, and still couldn't get the person to give permission or cave? Oh, yeah..how's that-
'Livingston 8': A Chicago phone number inspires lively chamber jazz - Chicago Tribune
possibly when they lose consciousness and/or become vested in controlling the change?
Theo Epstein and his guys are miracle workers. Zambrano is a Miami Marlin.
Bully=Entitled, Entitled = 99% #nogo #obsoletethinking Does Romney's alleged pranks in high school change your opinion of him?
Most celebrated Roger Nichols’ work came by default - the only ABC staffer willing to work w/ struggling in-house songwriters Fagen & Becker
thanks for the follow. Though I don't live in Atlanta, I'm a big supporter of local. (Went to Vortex & D.B.A on #BizzyTour)
It's Fiesta Thursday! Come in to check out our awesome HH Food/Drink Specials. Plus entree specials in the dining room on Tacos all night!
Great to see you!!! RT 508 with and the #Emmy winning
We learn how to love & forgive others by first loving & forgiving ourselves. Learn to love & forgive yourself.
Instinct - such a powerful tool.
Because conference tweets
well we have about 500 people signed up for 3rd and almost 800 for 5th! U gotta have a good chance! Haha
I can't believe I forgot my sign!!! I had a sign saying "Timothy H." Because I knew I'd be beside all the taxi drivers and I forgot :(
I think I am going to open AC business during the summer, guys are making a killing.
Less than two weeks until our annual Poker & Golf tournament! Join us for a round of golf you'll never forget!
I'm watching ESPN3, I don't currently have a tv machine.
deleting old emails. even gmail box is filling up. yikes.
I thought they did have traffic in Canada? WTH?
We are applying again to #Artscape in #Baltimore. Wish us good luck!
Pollen never deteriorates. It is one of the few natural substances that lasts indefinitely.
RT Although its healthy I hate d taste of diet coke eww :(
need for automated archiving of linked www material in online journals
#greysanatomy just killed me.
Not only did she make Pizza but she effectively used all of the oven's square footage. Smart, classy lady.
I'm so exhausted. Best form of birth control is baby sitting
Well, Mittens imply Michigan. Which implies #Hockeytown. So, you can see the connection.
Practicing my lines, then a night at the Roxbury.
Nice RT : Anyone have pictures or video of a man at PDX naked in the security line today? Please email and RT
Chronicle with the bros!
did they have any consultants? You think one of them would say "we need to get people to go to the site"
I think I disagree with that too much to even get upset about it
Part-time faith is like having a part-time job; it won't support you and you can't make a living off of it for long.
thanks for asking Jim and I to meet w/ #bis343, a cadre of budding scholars pushing archival collections into the 21st cen!
post a pic, lets see that ink
Psalm 57:5 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Just watched Story on "College Debt & Is It Worth It"? Great piece. Scary how much $$$ I still owe compared to today's students.
the gym known as the sidewalk and great outdoors!
TEN DOLLAR DEAL! All shirts only $10! Shipping only 99 cents on all orders!
BFD is easier on the ears, long-hand or short-hand!
Hello my lovelies - happy sexual wednesday ;-)
I can have no "compassion" for someone who decides to drive while being drunk enough to blow a .25 That isn't "cool" to me
UK UK UK!! Come be a part of the family... Go Cats!!
mine is Lisa, the previous female pastor
You know Bella is my spoiled rotten princess ;-)
Yikes SKC! But not worried!
Watching the lucky one ! :)
oh my gosh! How is your foot?! Broken?! Ouuucchhh :/
Ready for the Rangers to do the damn thing!
repeating my prediction that future obituaries will consist of just a name followed by a score.
This is my kind of weather!! Mid-60s and sunny is perfection for me.
RT if you're bored at work and can't wait for some baseball tonight!
Thanks Rieva. About to send you my work for you :).
Idk what that is drew have you ever heard of something like that
It's been a crazy first week of consecration...I'm gonna keep pressin harder
We've got live music at 7 tonight with Kelly Riley!!
stops to tweet: club langsam! ...okay back to studying
Q2 How can I determine if there is a need for my goods/services?
While nice, I don't think it reflects the real inner you :-/
Seriously Baylor. Go away.
Love it!
Oh yeah, that's right! I forgot you were gay. Oh well, not like there's anything wrong with that, right!!!! Hahaha ... faggot!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEVON! I hope you have fun celebrating it in Vegas.
What the heck, let's make a record!
Back at it
java oauth test message
Awesome, thanks!! RT : i play Mondays and thursdays
this girl on anderson that wants to be an actress looks awwwful omg
I hear the WUBWUBWUBs and see her dancing in my sleep, man.
ntm pimpin-makin hits as usual n u?
#NewFeds for clearance, be honest. If you've moved alot, get a credit report, lists those addresses (great tip!)
not looking too good for ya boys brother!! Dare I say sweep???
#Mike Smith
Getting ready to present Guerrilla #JobSearch Tactics Fashion Valley Mall
really and you are the best and the wwe is not the same with out you
Happy Birthday, Steve Jobs. How about a working computer?
Elliott has been shaky at best in goal for St Louis
"You just murdered one of your employees with a trident!"
YAY I get to go to sleep soon lol
Good morning!
#prohockey I think it is so unfair that in any other sport in the south of the USA athletes can easily play any sport except hockey!
She wanted me to go home with her, but I really like her. I'll call her in a couple of days. --Guy who definitely has a bogus phone number.
The Republicans have a "Tiger by the Tail" and can't let go. They still think she is a "pussycat".
The only way to win...
Happy Birthday you have truly changed the online world.
Love me numb.
Out walking Scripps Ranch for !!
RT "Remember when we used to put the year in the product name? Windows95 or Office2000?" -
This game is killing my entire night.
So we're in macy's, and the children's and maternity are right next to eachother...
Jeff Teague that dunk attempt was purty. I don't care if you missed it. #leh'go
#marac to hear about >100 collections pair-processed across 2 dozen repos, check out at session 16
HaHa!! I can't imagine getting hit in the face with that!! Awesome shit....<3
TimeWise® Targeted-Action® Eye Revitalizer. Diminish dark circles. Depuff under eyes. Discover real results in just a few weeks.
This Dream Is Too Good
oh & I move back in August (:
Rachel---my name is Pat Dooris. I'm a reporter at KGW TV in Portland. I'd love to talk with you about Jason Matus.
You looked amazing! I bet everyone wants your "pie" now!! Congratulations
2hr delay for some Portland schools: Ainsworth, East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln, Skyline
okay. tell me when you find a lion.
Why do 90% of cartoon characters only have 4 fingers. I know I'm not the only one whos thought about this b4 lol
jus woke up from my semi nap ; it lasted like 20minutess lol.
Reminder that demos at #apihackathon start at 6:30 pm GMT. Each team gets 3 minutes to present!
Just woke up from a dream with Tydi c: hahah
Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained? Is this not why you are here?
You can't be a success the next moment because you have already moved on to do something else. -Phil Jackson
Sometimes you need someone else to help you realize your greatest flaw... and save you from it. It can be hard, just become better from it.
I asked a SIMPLE question. I wasn't making fun of them! It was a question!!
Jay Carney on #KXL: "The Republicans put in jeopardy a process that should be immune from politics ... and tried to hijack it."
: well yesterday i didnt put on sunblock so i got a minor sunburn.! =P but it's okay i got my tan. ;) ahaha & damm that sucks.!
second that. stay away.
Good day, everybody. Just coming up for a little air and to see what's tweeting!
why do you do this to yourself? Just stop watching like I did after Jennifer Hudson lost.
m sounds delicious. We're doing a yam/potato tart that would go great w pork, thanks!
Cool! What's it an allegory for? MT : There's a #StarTrek ep w/ space dinos whose fundamentalists deny Terran origins
This is my second Twitter! Welcome to my fans!!(: #Mahomies <3
Wow teal, real quality playing and sportsmanship...
Hey i finally bought my ticket to the webster hall show ! <3
Today I realized, not for the first time, that I way overuse the word "cool"
love love love your hair and you sang beautifully
My Christmas tree has been dressed she looks so Fabulous oh Holiday season Welcome!
Thought about it and I'm going to make the transition back to #naturalhair. I miss the curly kinky texture. #teamnatural here I come. :)
Free as a bird takes on a whole new meaning when ur child calls to say they brought home a baby chick...found in the road.
What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film opposite ur pls 2 get detail
Welp, goodnight twitter.
Don&#39;t be a fool
he did indeed. She is still pursuing this singing career, eh?
Thinking about doing another contest for may. Maybe landscapes.
I wasn't so much GoDaddy's refusal to support SOPA that got me cheering. It was Wikipedia's. Love that Jimmy Wales.
I officially love mix emergency way better than video SL just saying..
NJ is looking pretty heavy and hollow today. Hope everyone in the tri-state gets some.
I walked right into that one
If you remember the man when he is in trouble, chances are he will remember you when he's in trouble again.
Why does sweet tea go right thru my system ?
where? Where?
New Sandwich: Korean BBQ Steak Sandwich, Wasabi Aioli, Pickled Daikon and Carrots, Scallions and Cilantro on fresh baked Baguette. so good..
I just want a best friend. I want to be at each others houses everyday. I want to talk through facial expressions. I want someone):
i just think its dumb. who cares! lol
It seems impossible, but I just read the Sunday New York Times on a Sunday.
Haha, just been taking some time away from it all. Come pick up your Blu and say hi sometime
Timothy #123 in '11 RT Tim or Tebow were not in the top 1000 baby names in the US in 2011. Tim was last in the top 1000 in '85
:) we're so grown up
we all know you will.
Giving Thanks and Farewell to Dave Show coming Saturday 11/26 at Red Eyed Fly :30 PM. Overflow reunion too at 10! Don't miss this show!
at future of work and the free radical w
"Fall seven times and stand up eight."
Everybody thinks I smoke pot!!!! Give me a Damn drug test! !!!!!!!
Tired as CRAP.!!! Bouta take a nap right quick.!
no comment there Paul!
Wow. Just read that Carroll Shelby passed away. Sad, and end of an era in motoring. RIP.
A lot of women didn't get the memo that it's going to get ugly weather-wise this afternoon.
very powerful pic.
lmao! I think so, last I heard. If zbo never gets back to old form, we will lack a playoff closer until a move is made
I have a whole post on my blog www.actingonthespot.com about this “: what websites do u suggest me to look for castings?”
No thanks.. After his initial horrible interview
Cadbury Mini Eggs are so next levs
black bieber hell no
did anyone go on Amazon today? they redesigned! spiffy!! =)
Geez, the power switch on our ADA8000 broke!!!! Great AD/DA for the money, but a broken power switch = :-( !!
I was jus bout to call her tell her I said call me when youll get back n the house
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: “heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbath riff&quot;
At Darrell's, had a great time playing our set. QMP is tearing it up right now, High is up next. Very fun show!
Every time I bring this person up I hurt inside v_v <\3
come on, come on. i want your toxic, talk sick baby. i know these gospel lips can change me.
If I end up mothering a female hedgehog, her name will be Elba.
That's why it should remain, different tests were there for those who gave it a shot but didn't get it.
Yes! MT Please quit saying your Twitter account was "hacked." All you did was an ill-advised click of a link.
Uni of South Australia and Magic Vision are working on virtual reality. Check out this demo!
yes ttyl :) gym time very nice..been there too today :)
I need a team to root for!
Congratulations to the New Chair of the Wayne County #GOP Bob Jackson!
I would love to win the iPad 2 :)))
Thanks RD! Am very happy with 88.9, the story was awesome. Always like to get attention for the kiddos.
scream vs the scream
Wasn't feeling up to BestFest this weekend, but feeling sad about it now that I see all the pics and tweets from pals.
haha I know!!! Lmao. Have you seen what she looks like?
Finally got share new design of penthouse for last night. Bonus - got to meet Jordan Mackay!
I aint worried bout yo man wanna make love tonight!
My mom said she would think about me getting one. I just have to get it somewhere my dad won't see it. Lol
“ OMG I haven't heard Mindy Thompson Fullilove- mentioned since the late 80s when doing HIV work in Bay Area!”
hecks yea mama!!
or wonder?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO OUR FRIENDS AND FANS!!
same :D
Groves provides personalized assistance with bathing
I'm great. Just don't like lying sorry mu'fuckaz.
15 days to summer
": When girls rather call you than text you"
What do you mean, sorry it couldn't last longer?
What's your favorite thing about silk?
I was so freaken tired last night haha me and were ready to just sleep! :p
schedule mx with cue cards.
Well at least Pirates got 1 tonight.
*raises up glass against evil forces* whiskey for my men & beer for my horses! (it's a #countrymorning, y'all).
This no longer sounds like something I want to spend time on. Ever. Thanks for taking one for the team here.
I know girls that turn into sluts just to get revenge on other girls
I am! I don't know how I missed your both but I'll stop by this afternoon!
Listening to Peter Vesterbacka CMO Rovio "were not a game company... We'll be the first entertainment company to have a Billion fans... But…
Cool! Can't wait to read it! Thanks!
Happy Cheesecake Day! Come celebrate America's love for this palatable pleasure at Priory Fine Pastries, where #welovecheesecake !
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others! It is nothing more than a waste of time!
Hey Wes, thanks for the follow. I'm moving to LA in a couple of months have #KORN got any shows coming up in the Westcoast?
OMG!! you're so stupid! It's a CAT AKA PUSSY The cat is not a vagina Get your facts str8. And don't question my education.
I try to know God. They say he the key to my blessings and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock...
Actors Access People
Bout to be off soon :)
Oh you have a new estimate, Ford? $1500? Sure. Want my left arm? The shirt off my back? No? Just the cash?
Twitaholic much, B?
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues. Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
Why don't any hardware stores carry "Mjollnir"?
#FF ---> Some of my favorite artists/biz woman!! !! xx
Missing from that photo...umbrella drink. Get on that OK?
If you haven't already, make sure you get out tomorrow and VOTE!!!! Make your voice heard
I like the dash
Come to Zimbrick Honda at 4 o'clock this afternoon to spin the wheel and win free #Honda swag!
I thought you quit?
if only you had a large-print phone
well if anyonr needs a little guidance...Masters and opening day iIknow where you'll be!!
I want to hear them
& , so fun tonight! let's do it again, with Brody's songs;) , thanks for the coffee run:-)
People are never satisfied with the lil things like honestly
I have an 8th grader job shadowing me today. Love that young ones have an interest in event planning (and even know it's a career option!)
Rell is about to be shuttin down the dance floors in C Town when she gets back!
Some shit just want ever :(
thanks for the RT!
I just went in and anonymously paid off 700 people's layaway accounts at Kmart. It was the best $20 I ever spent. Merry Christmas!
OH at #sxsw - "No, it's like the word Interest but with a P in front of it."
M, down on Thursday? :)
i need help
New posh wine tasting center has arrived in Seattle! It's Urban Enoteca. 4130 1st Ave S, Sea, WA - Come see me and taste Kiona Vineyards!
My damn Rams look like a pee wee squad. Why cant we score in the red zone.Dahl is trash. J.Blackman please. Lets go Rams. Shit takes heart.
c'mon man you gotta rep yo shat!!! We don't watch time time watches us!!!
Run, don't walk till you get to meet Victoria who holds "court" at Loehmann's Backroom.. sophistication,fashion& oh yes bargains
SEO is useless if you have a weak or non-existent call to action
Photo ID will drive up local property taxes as cities pay for the new restrictions. Photo ID is not 'free'
3 more hours.
Track and Field World Championships begins in Berlin next week. Usain Bolt and Tyson Gay set to continue running duel
go follow <---- aha he's pretty cute && follows back #TFB get at him!!
aw thanks :)
Got a giant sugar cookie- got a crumb stuck in my eye- hyperventilated during my chuckle- laughter turned into tears. I am a mess.
Come by soon! ": I've always LOVED (and coveted) Ganesh... but that MIRROR is beyond!! #want #need"
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
Hi, I'm Liz, and according to Danny, and his imaginary friends, Cassidy and I fucked my best friend.
Lace Up.
RT : "My studio begins at the art supply store. I imagine all the paintings trapped inside those tubes of paint." John Ferrie
yes rain<3
Maybe I brought this upon myself...
Kinda sad about the Bioshock delay, but I do already have a decent amount of games on my list in the fall. I'm sure I can keep busy :)
Sorry to everyone who received a tweet or message from me outside of what I typically post. Working to fix it...
I'll give away a little hint: There are a pair of nice big juicy lips involved...lol NOW do you wanna see it??
Thank you - much better.
Very stressful week, but I got carded! Should wear jeans & no makeup more often :)
2nd day in my new position here at Corporate and I am loving it!
Chimienti says lang would be beneficial, tech would be good, he advocated longer school day for long time.
You're welcome!
maybe /all/ CE should be leveled, period. I know to use Chase's calendar of events for programming ideas, thanks.
� In terms of the formation of long-term relationships, it's far better to get false negatives than false positives.� Eric Pepke
#iZigg is so simple to use. Your customers text the #keyword to 90210 from their phones and receive the auto-reply message with your offer.
not gonna lie just googled what that was...you nasty bastard!
love you!!! I hope we get into the bid
Enter Your Tweet via bi - oral sex is Great!!
Check out the Open Book Alliance for updates on the Google Books Settlement
amazing how some companies just rip everything you have come up with
No arrests, no livestream sorry. Will post video soon.
how ironic, SO DO I!!!!
it really is :/ I know that feel.
I don't think Ryback would ever job to Screech.
"Yes, I am forever alone. (A)dored (L)oved and (O)bviously (N)eeded by (E)veryone"
Idk how long dey plan on keepin my baby n da hospital..but im thinkin we might b here all week
Join us tonight for the Yankees vs. Red Sox game #2! Wear Yankee gear & get FREE knots...wear Red Sox gear & expect to wait 10 extra min ;-)
Do it :o RT Im so close to buying this Michael Kors watch....
Lol "I love you but I hate that picture. That guy has ugly hair." XD lmfao gotta love him.
So proud of my big brother today in his game ❤
Scott Manning Stevens-how did Native nations fit into colonial concept of nation ? ISHS symposium, Contested Lands: 1763-1840, Peoria, IL
I need to do my HW!
Agreed! :) RT : Experience is what you get, when you don't get what you want
My nigga got the art award!
Salt and bread make the cheeks red. - German Proverb
you're not black!
THURSDAY IS DATE NIGHT! Plan now on stopping by tonight.
What was that cars.com ad?
Even Bernie is frustrated : End of Q2,OMG
got used to watching the O no's on a big screen..now feel like i turned the binoculars around to watch it
Thanks for the tip Mr. Chase!
Never woke up horny b4 ....i dont like it ...i dont know hows guys cn go through this every morning
#PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, it’s illegal. Bet you didn’t know that.
So excited to have #Wisconsin booth next week! Stop by & see what WI has to offer #solar industry!
I might need a pic to approve- as I am away from my "desk"
we just opened but we'd love for the community to here more about us and our commitment to sustainability and local foods
Thanks for the follow Martin!
cool (: im from hawaii
; I'm great, I have been enjoying myself. How was your night?
That really sucks. Sorry.
Without personal sovereignty a person is cannot truly be free.
This fucking sucks !
well the sun was up so I was confused d-ray...
the more they get it, the less stress for you
#billyidol live in nyc what can be better?
lmao I told u I knw and he culd got a full breed...papers and all
Hula hooping barefoot on aggregate for an hour probably wasn't my smartest decision today.
I Will Be Taking A Small Break From Photography To Handle Some Legal Work... Last Week So Book Your Photo Shoot Session Today!!!
- touche' salesman ... touche'.... maybe I need to make a trip to Tehas?
Why do ppl say "tho" after everything?
Rhetorical inquiry: Do you work for a living or, live to work?
just realized that I don't own a stapler. i own a whole company...but no stapler. i must get my priorities together SMH
I make laundry piles on the floor & pretend its money & say out loud "Jeeves! I keep tripping on all this money! put all this money away!"
Thank you!!! We can custom decorate them too :)
At the #sxsw accelerator, waiting for a sighting. I see a throne labeled "King" on the stage.
Not exactly "The Drive" but Tebow gets it done. Who knows how?!
It is true! RT : Employer: Don't give us a professional portfolio & have an unprofessional Facebook account. We'll find it.
interesting! How expensive was it?
yeah effin right.
DC's 10 Most Powerful Women - DC Startup Community by
Nice, was hoping for some sessions over there before the firkin.. looking forward to fat gary on cask at pipers..
Everything is done except for ONE song, plus guest vocals on another song. Might post a rough track tonight.
My wife is sexy. #<3
Watching the latin Grammys :D
#oomf could get her pussy ate the fuck up...RIGHT FUCKIN NOW...
Still not buying that Lin can sustain? Someone should help get him his own place/bed. He's staying awhile.
Poynter's Iron Pit is now open in Richmond, Kentucky 40475. Stop in and checkout the Pit, you will not be disappointed.
That lady just did the worst Oprah impression ever.
we've missed you guys this weekend!
I submit "The Shame of Life" by the Butthole Surfers as another proud Song Featuring a Squirrel Lyric Somewhere - DvL
I've been dreading it... but later today, I take on the daunting task of cleaning out my crap twitter connections!
Late night admin meetings.... meh!
LOVE that plan. If we can bring people in with events, could draw more pop-ups.
ill also add that the last NBC anchor I had a crush is now on MSNBC with features on today and nightly.....
You become what you despise, a stereotype.
#Achievement unlocked: post totally uninteresting food photo.
approaching the end of a very long semester. will be thankful for the end tomorrow. Then I just have to study for the MTEL.
What components to that design do you consider 'mold-breaking'?
Thanks to Mayor Vic Collova of Garfield Heights for his endorsement of my candidacy for CC Prosecutor. @
Happy New Year Handsome!
Again cleesie gone upload it fuckers
It will never be as good as that 3disc import that many of us missed out on... at least in my head.
Convention center room for Ron Paul rally is already at capacity (1,500). Supporters still lined up for blocked waiting to get in
Natalie, I hope you and your agency is doing well. Perhaps I will offer my acting/modeling workshop for your talent soon.
How terrible is the lineup thus far? Only headliner I would see is ZBB! Don't expect anyone under 55 at the Marcus this summer
thank you so much for portraying Israel accurately and providing media training to southern officials!
Backk off...He's mine. All mine. Always and forever.
Just for today I will forget the problems of the world, and move forward as if Im brand new. Angel
I get the exact same feeling when I look at pictures of you. <3 :)
The page that shows tweets from everyone you follow, the timeline er whatever you wanna call it xP
one more thing stop acting like your tight with people in the NFL and other leagues, cuz I here players DONT like u!hater
#ThingsIcanLiveWithout grown ass women watching these young crazy bitches on BGC
Great minds think alike , although yours is a minute ahead of mine! MT Shouldn't they make the list?
Take jab steps on your back foot - if you move your top foot back then jab steps will kill you
Thanks Jessica!
The grass always looks greener on the other side, until you step in dog shit of course
Exactly RT : live life who cares what people say
Knows how to make clients laugh! I'm sure he got some amazing photos!
giving away free comedy for the next four minutes! who wants one?!
Some nikka was getting blown down in the bathroom, Smfh! Only in DHS
Looking forward to watching a new balanced F1 season Air and rubber
please dont leave ohio! i'll miss you way too much
Sharks also sign defenseman Dylan Demelo to an entry level contract. #SJSharks selected him in 2011 during the 6th round.
feelings hurt;). We're very sensitive ... Kidding ... French fries are gluten free ;) as are bottomless mimosas
Good day with my family in Disney who came up to visit me :)
you back down tomorrow
I need to get to 300 followers tonight...
On that note, really looking forward to Snapshot: Painters and Photography opening 2/4.
Haha! Some like lolipops - I like -> RT : ... awww wouldn't worry about.. Hmm she may bring her mascot to dance w/ya
Toppers pizza is avg. Topperstix are from the heavens above. Triple orders after 10pm are an elixir like no other
So glad to be home.
im not being mean but you cant deny how much k2 accomplished she was a diva champion kharma is a lil overated to me
My car just died, yay
Hicksville & Long Beach
It's too early to move.
CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THE VOW!!! 💍
An applicant has as many rights under the eeoc as a 25 year employee.
A live report from outside #roastchella: Its hot.
happy for Kobe, PJ and Sid the Kid...congrats to all...are you ready for some LFL?
In this world we created, in this place that we live
#ItsFriday Pass me the bottle & the shot glass ... And turn up the music
I'm up for a very late in the year, but somewhat like a Valentines day, type of a date...
Can't sleep :/
I am walking bow-legged today. Not for the reason that immediately comes to mind.
In my vision for the future, CMS' only have admin UIs and serve content via a REST API which ajax-based sites utilize
Love this ampersand list!! Thanks for sharing.
Watching the #MSU game in the STATE of basketball beats a lot of things in March.
sleep sleep!! <3
#Oscars : These actors and actresses make me laugh at the crusade to conceal the inevitable decay of their bodies.
I'm sorry only means i'll try not to get caught next time
Not as intense a you'd think especially when you've trained for 12 weeks
Your dad is the coolest!
Glad you enjoyed them. Nice to hear what the guys thought about the season.
Pouring in North Seattle rt now, almost looks like frozen rain/snow at times - not going out 2 find out
Congrats on reaching 3 mill! We love you! <3 :)
#Heartattack Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Title: Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Category: Healt
Thanks! We are in the final stretch now!
"Psst! Hey Patrick?" "What?" "I thought of something better than 24" "What?" "25"
unofficially October
" BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walk-off grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game." - Watch out Josh Hamilton.
Life is full of surprises, one moment you think you have life all figured out then "BAM" you get a curve ball.
YES! : As depressing as snow can be, remember FREE HOT COCOA in 3rd Ward at & w/ more than 1 inch
I threw up my last night recipe in the bathroom. Conspicious of the rotten peanut.
I've never cried to a song until i heard the song hair. :)
RT Today we hosted an event at our Madrid Academy to share our vision as a global accelerator with UK experts. We're delighted!
ur a great singer=)
YES! just dropped the Sadi Gali beat by on ! #Bhangra going mainstream! Props!
You Ready *in my Trey voice*
Worrying about things that don't worry about you is one of the dumbest things you can ever do.
After Fighting Gravity, AGT will have one of these acts every season.
:) RT : Why not ? RT - The next person to RT this gets an autographed #TopChef t-shirt. :)
Mrs Black Globe International 2012 is up and at it this morning
never mind
tired slept less than three hours last night. On the bus. Haha. What about you?
Oh look! We have a code for The Witcher 2 Enhanced Edition on PC -- DRM free even. We'll be giving it away next week, so keep your eyes here
If you think that is cool and you would buy it, please let me know. The website and pics are outdated, but the idea is same.
great tweets should be shared. Thanks. John
Hello Nathan kress how are you today? Your so awesome on icarly.
Megan is growing on me (if she would *just* get those teeth fixed!). Lane...not so much.
11:11 IS AN AMAZING SONG!!!EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT ON ITUNES!! #Buy1111!!!!<3
Anyone else still hold their breath & make a wish when driving through a tunnel...?
i feel so good about who i am..i want u to feel good about u so heres a big old fashioned hug..for anybody who needs one.
yes! the three of us should go to something this season! i'll send an email out to plan.
Awesome walk through of the under-construction entertainment venue today! BIG things in store for party people
Get a mean cat!
are u and prodigy related cause yall look like cousins.
yess same here i am verry sadd ): but lets keep tryinq hope he follows us very soon. #StandGRAND!
The awkward conversation with someone when you can't remember their name.
Sometimes, when we can't understand, it is easy to rebel from what we know is truth....But it is EASIER to draw nearer to it, and accept...
Wooohooo Tebow to the Jets. I was #Tebowing most of the night that he wasn't coming to GB. It worked.
Help Tibetans who have suffered under Chinese rule for so long. May peace and happiness, tranquility and joy, spread throughout the world!
Great business dinner meeting restaurant. Awesome new stuff coming soon for !
It's funny how lyrics to new songs just come to me when I least expect them.
Doing outreach at a Christmas event at a park. Gotta say, I'm really diggin it!
UH OH CAN U SAY CONTROVERSY
You live and you learn....
Happy mothers day (: i hope erebody has a blessed one.
Only a couple of days before our performance . . . The anticipation! !
Tweet: "Follow the New York " and two people will win ALL IN shirts! Winners will be DM'd
is very happy that Dave comes home today!
that pan was $10 at Costco 7 years ago...go for it if it ruins it we can get another...
Also busy. Working full-time for Annabel again, but I don't report to her directly these days. School going well. Wedding....
it'll be later, but not that late.
Since that time, the culture of the school has remained rooted in serving the community which founded it.
Is anyone else at the #rank session a little put off by Duane's attitude? Call me sensitive.
Off to work...T.G.I.F. Looking forward to the weekend
USPS blew when they didn't see email coming. If they figured out how to get a 1/4 cent per email, they'd hv no worries.
just passed by the immigration reform march going down 16th: "obama, escucha! estamos en la lucha!"
Tell Jon Brown to sling some major diet Pepsis your way! That guy is the man.
Correction. We are all crazy.
I see the light!
I'm in! RT You know who I want to have on the show soon? and
When I'm focused I work fast and at a great quality and I love what I do.
"normal is only a setting on the washing machine," PapaLove's prophetic statement of the day.
getn the weekend started ..long weekend so come out and party w the Team #WHOOP!
I mean he obviously has. Hahah jk
I skipped Finite today....no wonder i have a D+ in that class.
Enjoy each and every moment, they grow up fast
I'm in Toledo...
Now wandering to the saws section...I'm sorry, juggling saws is not allowed, Sears employee? My bad.
3/21/1776->N. Cooke:I am extremely sorry to hear that your Militia are so deficient in Arms—I fear the misfortune is too common
I will be at the Funnybone in Hartford CT in August does that count?!
Forgetting your phone is pretty awesome.
Which FFPC league is it? (assuming it is one)
hosted China Forum. Dynamic speaking program and business panel, included State St Corp, Genzyme & UMass
were gonna meet up and plan it
#askvinny COME TO KANSAS this June?(:
We'll be serving dinner Monday night in
Extremely classy move by the Red Sox tonight: the PA will remain silent in memory of Carl Beane.
I Wonder Who Ima Be Talking To On The Phone Tonight ? ,
Next wine dinner is on Wed, Feb 29 - Cantena Wines - really good and a really good price too !
On my way to Universal Studios with my cousin, her son and her bf
Pimms cups, pomegranate martini pitchers, manhattans, and good old fashioned beer paired with blowouts, mani/pedis, and massages.
The first day of spring actually feels like spring
The dunks been nasty lately
? text it aign
#HowToTreatAWoman On Easter, give her at least half of your
Today I challenged everyone at the shelter to grab hold of the sides of the pit and let's start climbing together... Continued next tweet
On our way to Orlando,Florida to play #FMF2012 ! Wish that keyboards could fold up!
I'm shaky.
Apple reaches 25 billion app downloads with 4 days to spare prior to their announcement this Wednesday.
Thanks Steve! Hope you're having an amazing day.
I think I just helped the US buy it's way out of the recession. Been shopping all day for #HomeBrewed. Just left Costco w/ Phew
Seriously nostrils, just stop it.
Was that the winning design from the contest?
thanks for the retweet, and all your support for artists!
there's always next game
awkward moment when I realize if me & Zayn have kids they'll look mad Pakistani.. LMFAO
how do I enter? :)
Wow! Not even sure I could do that right now. She's awesome.
not fearing Serena which is why JCap & Henin had great rivalries with her.
Packers Wide Receiver?
hahaa funny stuff :P
I just watched my FIRST HEAVY D music video. Oh boy, what I have been missing...
depends on what kind, but I always used Imprints Wholesale for my blanks.
I wish I had a raspado in bed right now.
I could find an ass to put in your mouth...
I see u!
Ooh! The Rookie is on tv. Great movie! I own it but haven't watched it in ages.
"Nobody likes to do a lot of things. That is my words of wisdom." - Shirley Huddleston, Teacher
April Fools’ Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
so your talking to yourself?
Thanks to all the Reason Rally attendees! I'm with you in spirit! Or..."with you" in "spirit."
how does she sound??! :-)
and that bitch free lol #TeamHuluPlus fuck Netflix now
I never have to play another jury ever again >>>>>
If he makes this I'm gonna be so mad
On balance, the draft added a lot and has the potential to have added much more.
Stupid Kentucky won, go away.
wait til u hear these beats dawg. We gotta collaborate dude. We must
I am not in the fucking mood for anything.
Should you really be awarded first base for being a crappy bunter?
RT IF YOU LOVED 's SONG #SaySomethin!
Anything we confuse with love with take us back to the fork in the road and it will give us another chance.
oh right ! I've just realised i was sat on my skittles now there all soft!xx
Awesome snowfall here in Pgh! Thinking Skiing
definitely a great way to start the day by seeing a friendly face!
Samuel Thomas Flint :)
Thanks for the RT, Andrea (and I added the sharing links)
yes captain after work
Just tweeted the exact same thing. I completely agree with you.
RT #cheering on 3rd down helps out your home team more then you know so. Pass the word around.
Just want to say that Southwest Archaeology Today will be Maya-2012-doom free for the entirety of this happy new year.
Luckily it's not too bad.
So weird, came on my Pandora as I wrote that tweet. Odd
ha like I said we do things weird here :) what did you do today?
Merry Christmas man! Hopefully ur busy schedule has settled down for ONCE so u could enjoy time with family. 2012 is Yours
congrats my man!!!! Wish you all the best in NO!
oh no! Hope it's nothing serious.
Know what I'll be doing this weekend! *InTheCupcakeLab *St. Patrick'sDayCupcakes
we're twins. We're supposed to hate the same things/people.
Brushing your teeth helps decrease stress!
Ok people we may have a problem. Where did Happy Endings go??!!
omg, I will totally buy your album the first day it comes out<3
Not to mention, a sneaky Linus & Lucy tease.
City Gear is the place to be... levis SHOES 20% OFF!!!!!!!!!!
I admire those who can handle it, but it's highly doubtful that I myself will ever be hip.
LIGHTS and Beau I can't they are too perfect for the word perfect dnfjsmfbs still can't get over them
new Spiritualized is very good as well
WHY NOT? >.< LOL RT :The Devil can kiss my ass, im not selling shit for fame
would you please like to make my wish come true and follow me :)
