My eyes getting low.
the fact that Osama is dead doesn't mean terrorism and war are over, don't get fooled people
Sometimes following ur heart means breaking someone else's.
Blog to get things done!
Okay... #TinyMusic kicks ass too.
Thx - I'll check out the Valerian Root too!
FB conditioned us to share everything w/ everyone. G+ enables info sharing w/ interested people only. That's a big change.
What had to say about #throwbackweekend: 'That was awesome! We all need to live in our own gated community!'
I stopped going to movie theaters. Especially the ones that don't allow alcohol. How am I supposed to enjoy Real Steel, if I'm not drunk.
Ice chest w/ food and snacks for me :D
First attempt at ten mile run tomorrow with a running group. I am excited! Good thing I have my #motoactv to keep me going and track us!
I want to get really drunk.
Phil 1:6 being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Well ttys Tweeters!!,,,,
I wanna hit des clubs up tonight to doe
NYCers: Want to see , Monolake, , others at tonight for free? Got a ticket with yr name on it.
your tweet sounded really emo.. and a lil dirty. Sunday turned into the cable installation day from hell. I'll call you tonight yo
Do you love to tailgate?
Nailed it RT : Hey Lakers fans - you can probably find a Yankees game on, or maybe watch a Dallas Cowboys DVD.
I'm only going to break break your, break break your heart
You have got to be kidding!!!
There has been a riot reported in Z block! The prison is over run with what looks like green zombies! Hide you kids,and hide your husbands!
Nando has time for consultations and tattoos between 3pm-7pm today! Dag is open as well!
Covering the very cool grand opening of Project Adventure at Maplewood's Columbia HS for
16,000 tweet :D i love you Dylan Holland, Niall Horan, Justin Bieber, Liam Payne, Peyton Sanders, Austin, Zyan, Harry, Alex C and Louis <3
"Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity"......Dr. Dre (chronic 2001)
I'm not quick to get on the Prius hate bandwagon but one just backed out of a parking spot without looking back at me.
Accepted the fact that some people are in my life for only a season.
amanda florida is a very pro gun state just incase you were still interested in hitting up the gun range
The fact is, there does not exist on earth a scientific gadget precise enough to measure the shallowness of the human male...
welcome back
How's everyone doing today?
A blissful soak in our pedicure tub, luxurious massage, warm coconut oil to soften rough heels & callouses, cuticle work & polish... Ah.
from is talking about how successful women make strategic decisions at the Women for Women event!
you coming by the studio next week I want to see you. Or we should go eat or something.
I was so worried about not forgetting my memory book this morning.. That I forgot my backpack instead -_-
txt me im headin out
okay I'll take it. I need my grass skirt for summer!
.."I like to party like it's 1999." DJ Matt Riley
Anyone near Louisville on May 5th interested in modeling some underwear at an awesome event?! If so let us know!
Hamels suspended five games for hitting Bryce Harper?!
someone needs to tell this kid on my block that if he wants to play pretend dubstep dj, 9am is not a good time to do it
NJ Devils! Both Teams Played Hard! God Bless an Goodnight!!!
- consumes 2600 muffins a year :-)
I'm Glad to Say that I've Laughed at least Once Every Day of My Life:)
Had the most amazing day at the Roosevelt :) new favorite spot!
That's tough, but I will go with Pleasure Principle.
#ThingsICantStand People treating you like you're 5 years old -___-
Anyone have a "best practices" article on social media for non-profits? Also interested in similar article for mgt consulting (tech) firms ?
They killed him just because he had a hoodie on and his hands in his pockets, what was so suspicious about that?
Another beautiful spring day in Oregon....Please....no more rain!
agree with you there. I like the shoot out, but don't like to see what happened to the
Never belittle someone else's godly passion.- Rick Warren
I only hug after sex and before rape. Walking through union square btw 2 and 4 find me and give me a hug...NYC
To anyone who cares, Jan. 1 will be my 39th birthday. And no, I wasn't the new year's baby for 1970. I came in 3rd in Milwaukee County.
The blender kicked it and exploded in the middle of making olive oil mayo. I might have invented a new sport.
working slowly towards veganism; I can't deal with what milk products do to my body.
You don't have to be a man to be in a Studliest Man Contest. Over 30% of our users are woman. Studly woman that is.
Yup. Every time phone rang last night I assumed it was some NFL GM about to fill their need at place kick holder or waterboy
Breaks my heart when i hear someone is in pain </3
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
spending $100 at the strip club ain't balling
Note to self: don't send press releases ahead of time. The info gets out and ruins the surprise!
I Cried When FOLLOWED ME & RT/TWEET ME TWICE!! <33
Thomas & “: #downtonabbey servant's ball is my new happy place: Cora & Carson, Matthew & O'Brien LOVE”
Has had "What Makes You Beautiful" on loop like nonstop for the past few days!!! <3 I love :))
but on a serious note, are you going?
About to play some games!
It's only appropriate that we would go into a playoff! Ryu and Seo finish at -3. They will play a 3 hole aggregate. #16, 17 and 18.
yup!! Good stuff
OK, just wanted to make sure I understood the argument. It sounded 2 me like Tom was saying only transfers to mid-majors are OK
Yes, Task Force to look at what the LS needs to move forward and with what device- no decision yet but lots of buzz around iP
In case you were thinking of putting a plastic shower curtain in the dryer to see if it melts, I'll spare you the trouble. Yes, it will.
the movie is better than the book!
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done” ~ Louis D. Brandeis
huzzah! How are you??
thanks! I really wanted to know!
Right, but somehow the NHL doesnt condone fighting. Please.
Morning coffee meeting at Republic of Coffee in NoHo .
Non Benefit: Police stereotyping, if someone runs up on you, it's not much you can do, easier to rob because it's easier to just reach in
Popped into my dream last night...totally ok with this and hoping for a repeat!
at least you aren't at work :p
OMG!! LOLOLOL I'm on it...
#Yankees suck!
I can't imagine a self-described feminist would like that atmosphere. We're you part of the 12th man crowd?
thank you! :) we have a few shows coming up actually!
yeah you too old to be wearing floaties lol
Count me in for the fieldtrip!
Yeah!!!!!! Another award... Lady gaga your the best.....=)
ok but my sis doesn't know if he's gonna be in town
So close yet so far for the Northwestern Wildcats, feel bad for them
That's so strange!
Thank you, Shandy ... so glad you enjoyed it!
i'm a stalker
So I hate when ppl live in the past.... Just because the last person hurt doesn't that the next one will...... Get out your comfort zone!!
The term means close combat in Hebrew and was developed in the 1930s by Imi Lichtenfeld
Sedulously fostered seeming
nice! save me one.
Well.....there goes that paycheck.
“: Bagged up 113.9k. Probably chip leader headed to Day 2 in #wsopc main event in st louis. #stealingkylestitle”gl
nah you gotta feel for the character. Without sympathy, how do you root for someone to succeed?
that's great!
is now on in the Romp finals
Thanks for the follow Andrea, I've returned the favor.
Taking chances.
thank u 4 following and hello from the U.S.
Looked up from my phone when the train stopped and had a Men in Black poster in my peripheral vision. Scared the shit out of me.
my prom dress finally came! :D
Working on homework since before 7am.
What just happend??? #pranks?
After watching Joe pitch the past two years, it's obvious he lost his stuff and his mind wasn't as strong in past years = struggle
Hell of a gamer. Keep your chin up.
exactly!we MUST return to what we KNOW ....collective awakening is the only way....
Am I your first follower? Is there a prize?
okay then , omg i still have the bruise you left me from last night !
and some rifles...about 6 swords...20 something knives...a .44cal magnum...and some of my grand fathers old grenades
describes 2008/2009 era in Koha history-accurately, objectively, IMO.The Vendor That Is Not Here wouldn't like it.
Staged... So sad it's come to this to gain viewers...
#1 sex, #2 my family, #3 tunes... The Words Of - In That Order - Her Life Must Be Good
Thanks for passing our page along!
Lol no, i wanted a boy so bad @ 1st.
#FF Brand new to Twitter:
#BOYFRIENDReview So many boys used to hate you at school but after #boyfriend everything changed
lost sum respect for coldplay
Haters = Motivation
Might tweet overall/SM & some new categories. Official results will go up Weds. a.m., but tonight you can also watch
I love the Monday Manjoyment!
Nothing I'm
Me too! RT : My New Years Resolution is to never watch an episode of Glee, Teen Mom or Dancing with the Stars.
i didnt even see u study lol
Hey ray follow me your so funny
Oh Chicago, I've flown through you a million times. One day i'll step outside of the airport and onto your sidewalks.
Julio fist bump.
visiting my best friend at get job! its her first time bartending<3
Good response to Carr: Nick Bilton's _I Live in the Future_
Just saw a kid on BravesVision wearing a Timber Rattlers hat. I know would appreciate a crucial moment like this.
“: bro my back is killing me bout I gotta stick it out #WalkOnBro” damn but I feel you bro
RT Rev Estimating Conference meeting set for tmrrow night. Income forecasts expected to shrink, creating new budget woes
Familys a bitch. You would think the code would be cracked by now.
haha! I ended up eating the whole thing.
Congrats for making it to the next round of #pfb2010 ! My money's on you!
“#Virgo signs are sexually schizophrenic. On one hand they are all prim and proper, but when the mood strike, holy shit! Haha
devastation and anger does not mix well with being off my drugs.
Storytelling happens when we tell our stories, not when we watch others tell theirs - Jennifer Wilson on digital/participatory media
If you have a childhood and you acted like an old person you will act like a child when you are older
Yoo what's up wit ya phone?
F-F-F-F-Future Love. Would you be my F-F-F-F-Future man. I wanna F-F you as hard as I can :)
Misleading title. I was thinking "Demolition Man" style futuristic-helmet-virtual-cyber sex. Letdown. The Huff=Losing.
Home is Mumford & Sons best IMHO
Thank you sir. Appreciate the support.
What's up?
Hold up wait a minute put a little LOVE IN IT!.
Hawk, Lee, and Martin. #packernation will miss you guys.
♫ Monday, Monday ♫ :) Today we'll see a high of 54°F. Any fun stories from over the weekend?
#ThatOnePersonWho you really just want to be with.
Would anyone like an invite to TopHatter? I've got several.
Congratulations to Theatre Action Project for winning our Reel Change Film Frenzy online competition!
Bummer! It'll be a shame to lose you.
Potty training is so frustrating... for both of us. Anyone have good tips?
Kensington residents to hold a vigil tonight to protest Islamaphobic graffiti. We'll be covering the event...
Sorry to hear of Bill Cook's death. He was a brilliant entrepeneur and a mensch with a terrific sense of humor. I feel lucky to have met him
I miss you and think if you often! Send me email to update me on what's happening with you.
Baltimore Community HS's Justin Eames will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
i love your background. so beautiful
After a nice, busy night at work, I allowed myself to sleep 'till 1P. Might allow myself to eat an entire pizza, too! Ok, no I won't.
just like old times! We need more consistency for real. Time well spent.
“: Turn off the music please!!!!!!” Never!
: Incredible stuff. We've got to find ways to make the schoolhouse most beneficial for students and restore the honor of teaching
Good Luck
Will just be there for the after party ...see you!
can u get a shutout for my 21st bday
boys with fast cars = HOT!! :D
Getting close to finishing another new song. I will be tracking guitar and vocals today!
DEM lawyer: there has been a lot of chatter, lose talk about this process in the public forum
We are born to be the best we can be and to make the best out of our lives.
I was not lying. I said things that later on seemed to be untrue.
It's apparent how special a person/friend RJD was and Halford is. Thank you so much for sharing.
you say that like its a good thing.
yeah, she's angry at us. Lol
Social media for the enterprise is exploding as companies look to create the social experience for their users
Got pulled over today.The nice officer said,"Papers". I yelled,"Scissors, I win!"For some reason, he made me get out & do some tests?!
You did great tonight! The ball was a Follett Magnet out there. Hope you guys got back safe with the bad weather.
How am I the only girl at this bar right now?
FREE Strawberry Lassi with your purchase today, while they last!
In case you were planning to come by tonight for Happy Hour, we won't be open until 6:30pm due to a private event...Happy Hour 'til close!
ill be back May 1st then its READY SET GO
Loving all of the #CNNdebate trending topics. Keep your tweets coming!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool What's even going on?
Twitter is buzzing with rumors that a certain Wisconsin tailback has been arrested at #Mifflin2012, but there has been no confirmation.
The best present ever....is to be present!...Thank God!
The audience is awkward if that was me I would literally be going insane and be dragged out the door by security lol
Slowly but surely I'm making my way in the twitter world! Life is great right now! RT if u agree...n if u don't FYL!
Leyland quitting smoking
oh yes :) you little cute thang!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! May #Irish eyes smile on you today!
If you ever wanted to build/nurture/shape experience design in your org, join 's workshop: Experience Design Practice Development
To the Sprinkles ATM--get the batmobile!
got my mom the album for mother's day. she emails me the lyrics she loves.
Matt Bonner OR Steve Novak.
yeah. How is your music?
im a fan of redeveloping east liberty, and quite amazed at how successful it is, but call it what it is...,
'There is no longer any such thing as fiction or nonfiction; there's only narrative' THANKS for your time today.
Best old school uniform?
Brandon's party tomorrow .. i mean ayy its bout to crack
#RejectedPickupLines girl you so fine ill buy you all the $5 footlongs u want
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. -Chinese Proverbs
I just got done doing laundry - I do it every other day - I don't like it to build up and have huge piles to do - but I am OCD!!!
aww thats so nice!! She saod to me "awe thank u for the support! and i am from dallas too :)" yayayayay i am so happy now <3
Going into full #eatingdisordermode today.
Just finished Game Of Thrones Season 1. Holy beheadings Batman! Probably the most shocking season finale I've seen in a while.
#yesterday i was chillin' at home listening to music... pretty much it
Last night was probably one of the most fun nights #skype #untill #threeoclock <3<3
Erica's getting ready to interview snowboarding rising star Kevin Pearce. Any questions for him???
Thanks for having us at your store this past weekend. Hope to come back - loved your store!
i love my pink walls..
We value your opinion and would love to speak with you further. Please contact us:
is that ur gPA? If so that's great n keep it up!!!
2chainz is by far one of these least creative names I have ever heard of? What's next a rapper named one neck? 2 eyes? One tee? #C'monson
Relaxing at home
Thank you!! Have loads of fun!!!
UTG INTERVIEW: Trioscapes - Under the Gun Review
i cried when my highschool football team won sections C': #ccs #willowglenrams greatest memory of my highschool experience
New tomb for ghost of Chernobyl The National
Having a tin shed in your backyard does not make you a serial killer. However, you will be prepared just in case...
Dammit. I forgot I was rationing my comments.
Hey, please feel free to RT our articles -- what can we do for you?
#StPatricksDay Party! Saturday from 10am-1pm. Get our $20 meal package with all-you-can-eat tater tots, cuz what’s more Irish than potatoes?
Oh! You would! RT : I'm telling everybody!!
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS SITE ON THE WEB 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS SERIES ON AMAZON.COM HTTP://WWW. ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
why are they putting so much blame on for what is going on with the Knicks? Let the chemistry start and watch what happens.
That'd be BEYOND awesome.
girl what ?
#SportingKC back to their regular starting XI. One more hour to go....
Yeah... It's research! #guiltypleasure :]
Feta comes from Goat?! 😝 eek. It was my favorite.
excuse me?
They're moshing on the floor at the #SocialDistortion show. Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony!
? MT A3 Since we're talking about $, can we create a list of how #MainStreets have built capital?
You gotta say it on that rythmn when ya feeling good
Follow Stephen Cefalo, modern master - juggling dynamics of the artist/father/teacher very well indeed.
I know you are more than average and decent. :)
On UTD annual review, on list scholarly & creative activity, are they only for the past year? /cc
Thanks for the follow, Carl! This is my disaster volunteer self.
"Whatever dude" just say it! It sounds funny ok!
When you thought you found the one for you, but then they break you so bad you never wanna love again <<<<
R.I.P MCA
I really don't get on her anymore :P lol
did y'all mentor Julie & Chad? She's my BFF! Someone told me you all passed on your wisdom! ;))
Guy best friends are legit shit bro!
don't do anything but fuckin lie!
They have no heart. They're just coasting
It actually wasn't judgment though lol, just inquisitive (nosy as hell) bc I wanna know what you're talking about lol.
dude you rocked on the keys today!
#emorydisc Lauren talking about 1801 in Baltimore, James Hemings, and reasons for archival silence
Still looks nice though.
Without some goal and some effort to reach it, no one can live
Thanks for the follow!
I just saw an Indiana State Trooper texting while driving.
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
go to sleep lol
Heh. Good kind of surreal. I can never recognize my voice on tape. Thanks for posting it, and the interview!
</greatday> and hope yours was too!
jimmy would be proud.
i knew you would like that 1 bro. :)
#WereNotFriendsIf you don't have a sense of humor.
"Because Of You…I See Us Free."………
lounge tonight is always #crazy, #sexy, #cool. Join us at the for some good vibes.
t-minus 170 hours until the start of the 2012 Boston Marathon. Looking forward to checking an item off my bucket list.
Wish I had a dollar for every time Lana Del Rey referenced Lolita hot damn
was the number one 2011 download from WGI!! thank you!!!
Wow-- the defense and the prosecution rest the #georgehuguely trial. Tough spot for jury, glad I'm not in that position.
What if we've got it backwards? Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
#askmikey does he get special attention in school?! Shoutout to alexa in texas!:))
It's apparant I can't control my thoughts, actions, and words when shitfaced.
Happy Friday Friends! There are so many events going on in Milwaukee this weekend - Hopefully you can find time to enjoy our fabulous city!
No, it is something for them to worry about
what does it do?
|| i change my picture every 1,000 followers! wait till you see the next one, if i ever get to 2,000 lol. ||
Building a library Think Tank: Darien county library. Lunches to just talk about new technology things.
Make sure to visit NY again. it's a great place
it was a good article. I'm doing well, working a lot, which is good.
Thanks for the coverage, Rudi. We'll be out in Missouri this fall! So much to explore there.
come check me and the rest of the #yngsquad fam on www.ceezonline.com thats were its at!!!
7 more followers till 500 please mention and retweet!!!
God Burger
Ugh my satellite is out because of the storms. My power will be next!
Watching #AC360 and tweeting-retweeting some of the interesting things I see and hear, if any.
obviously you're at a great place.
Your not being honest if your a guy and say miley cyrus is gross. No, she's bomb as fuck.
How do you stay calm in an IEP meeting?.
Sitting down at lunch to read one of my favorite annual reads -- 'The Best Of the Twin Cities' City Pages. It's more enjoyable every year.
What's good for First Friday? Gonna hit up the Art Murmur tonight.
Scripture test tomorrow. And I am not even prepared :(
thx for following!
can do that it's also on NBC and I can get eurosport. Always hooky sporza feeds too.
Thought you might really be interested in His ideas are right in line with yours! Heard him at the Cisco gig.
certainly hope this week goes better than the sports did this weekend!
Running in the cold.... Refreshing... or Brutal?
Woof. So sick today. Cough, headache, and a fever. Been in bed all day. I've been watching Snapped for at least 6 hours.
I was lying when I told you it didn't matter.
WHY DO YA'LL CARE ABOUT THEIR AGES ? LIKE THE AGES THEY TELL YOU BE THE AGES THEY BE . OK ?
plan for this weekend: stay up all night fri. and possibly sat. so i can do all of my projects and work b4 mothers day. I think i can do it.
Giving $20BB was enough ... the Chairman should have SHUT HIS MOUTH!
The spirit of Ali is always with us
#MUSICNEWS Ben Folds return to UK
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK TO THE U.S.? WE MISS YOU! BUT I HOPE THTA YOUR HAVING FUN IN ASIA ♥
same here
representing BFLZ squad today
Holy frick! Just heard on Seattle radio!!!! *CANT BREATHE*
hahaha that's all funny! And you and your little baby tenders ;p
whoever has that name has no right to it... All they did was torture me with it...
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
Act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill.
That is really sad.
Woo hoo! I love it so much! did a fantastic job!
I do! I'd recommend to anyone looking to build their own site for sure.
Put us in your FF <3
Can't wait for #madmen tonight!
are you skinny?
How dare you. Chumbawumba is my jam. I'm an expert in Ska.
Got the house all to myself this weekend. By which I mean I've already watched The Dark Knight twice and am about to go an an Oreo run.
my week is more packed. paper due, midterm & 2 quizzes tomorrow, Winter White Thurs, then Fri 8am quiz, 2hr interview, & LA flight
Back in the city *big ass sigh*
yeah.. My sis is gonna start college this summer and I see all the things she has to do and it looks stressful
Big egos are chill as long as you're staying true to yourself
Still battling the allergy colds this season? Try nettle, rose hips, licorice or red clover with your green tea for an anti allergy boost
why are you awake?!
ahaaahaaa! my twitter sins continue to grow to monumental like tagging this tweet #jhudc sigh. newbies.
Just packed a c.1912 lime green Beer evening gown for its trip to our OC campus. Has a dress ever made you want to be a better person?
Great show tonight! :D Thanks to all who came out, sang along with us and bought a shirt! :D We love you all!
I hate school bathrooms, its too dirty man
We're excited to see you !
Diva Night is TONITE! Stop by all of these shops to get your card punched!!
My mom turned off the clippers game and told me to go study. that's why I didn't get you shit for mothers day
Wasting 20 minutes of free wifi on East Coast train to London. Now they have me on the hook....
ENCOURAGES EVRYONE TO KEEP LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM!
“ Ready for Jamaica”< Take me
On my way to see kick ass tonight.
Omer Asik is the difference in this game. Atmosphere in building is nuts.
#UKnowURHigh When you #Tweet about so much they
dirty version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.please check your yahoo inbox
Great first day with the fam!! Now, soakin wet, headin to the hotel
At #SCAA2012 and already on my second espresso of the morning...heart rate increasing, speech getting faster, ready to engage warp speed!
“: Self-conscious people as well as the socially anxious and shy tend to blush more often.” I guess I blush a lot.
I don't know why I like dumb songs so much.... but Faded has been my jam lately
U of H lost one tonight to Central Florida 74-63. Hope they werent overlooking this team for Memphis on Sat. Cougas 1-2 in conference.
The time is always right to do what�s right.
Damn they got me starting work on a Sunday during the farmers market. Shit is bouta be oc..,
Whoops, typo on on the dough, but not far from the truth. : )
Key to successful corporate blogging: stop talking about yourself. You are only so interesting.
HOLY TITS! I JUST NOTICED NEVER FOLLOWED US WHEN THEY SAID THEY WOULD AT PLAYLIST
Yes! I'm almost got 800 followers thanks everyone!
500th pitch of the game.. wow.
A perfect team!
and our "3musketeers walk":D
The girl with the unicorn tattoo
Sorry Kanela. You are terrible. Terrible service. Terrible food. Hugely disappointing.
Dana Zimbric of Classics 4 Kids and the California Chamber Orchestra has been named associate conductor of San Diego's Orchestra Nova.
Why are all the cute, nice, amazing, sweet, smart, & funny boys either taken, famous, or just not interested?? ): #ItsJustNotMyDay </3
Rumor has it Highland Bakery is coming to Tech Tower and moving into the spot formerly occupied by Junior's.
you know it
Great as soon as it starts to get hot outside I can feel myself getting sick
How do YOU stay awake through the day if you were forced to stay up all night? Coffee? Energy drink? Tea? Water? Something else?
let's have a pillow fight
Shut the fuck up damn always hating on Lebron James SMH
nope the one on charter and Dayton. Go to spot
That's great. It's very beautiful!
Just got an invitation to my ex's wedding. No date allowed and I wont know anyone there. UM
I know what you mean - kinda hard to cram everything in to a byline :-) Thanks for the friendship!
Doing some temporary interior decorating so that my room will be livable with almost no furniture for the next couple days.
Hi, love u, can I have a shoutout ?
thank you for sharing this! We are psyched to be spreading out east. Hope you enjoyed your variety pack in #Pittsburgh!
But I am gunna find food. (:
Because walking from your couch to your car is just too much - Burger King is test marketing home delivery. #AreYouKiddingAmerica?
just got home from Kylie @ the bowl- she worked that pommel horse!
When you're smelling rosemary and rainwater by 4am, you accomplish things that others only dream of. Every bird chirps just for you.
Nats game tonight, otherwise I'd be down.
I hope it was filming for Reno 911 (does that show even exist anymore???)
lol...too funny...glad they are helping with pain...keep me posted on things
I love how I can feel like such an outsider even in my own family's home.
RT : "Lifted Boston" Tonight at Several special guests coming to support. One you have seen recently on NBC...
do we have homework in beery?
#ithurtswhen yhu hit your funny bone :(
lol i want that book someone get it for me
RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong.
haha...you're doin' great! excited to read it.
If Blake made that 3, everyone would be singing a different song. That is why I'm not worried. Lakers in 7.
agreed. Since its been sold out I don't think they have a reason to agree tho
- Appreciate the follow!
Why did I fall in the club last night!!
Striking that all the sessions at the Society for Military History meeting seem to be SRO.
The face forgives the mirror The worm forgives the plow The question begs to answer Can you forgive me somehow?
For me, personally, I lurked in a few communities before figuring out which I liked best. Decided on gut feeling, mostly
thanks guys!!
I'm also here!
Bellas officially fired.
hmm, that's a little high to be believeable. I mean, who did you poll? College students from Cail?
Met Laurent Berlant yesterday at GW American Studies grad student conf. Not only brilliant, but a generous and gracious scholar.
To A Hell Of A Great One Yourself!
RyanBennett93 I use standard ones just new ones for hotkeying buildings. changing from standard isnt a big diffrence imo but it helps
all I've got are my orange boots. Lol I know emily has some legit ones but she's probably wearing them.
I'm seriously unlucky when I go on trips yesterday on my trip I tripped on a pipe! In summer my leg got stuck in a ride what's with me? Etc.
jump in a pile of 💩
Worse! If you found it annoying in Beethoven, you'll throw the discs away in Bach. But was truly amazing if you can stand it.
Keep watching! sports on w/ & MaioccoCSN up next. They'll break down exactly what the NO win means for
is in this studio showing out!
Bascuse me! Why do I have 133 work emails??!!
It's necessary to take "A Break" often . . . try it and see how much more pleasant you are! : )
I want to go to Chile...Like now.
Knocked out 2 Tracks 2day n Now Watchin Monday Night Raw N The NBA Playoffs.....New MixTape On The Way
love this! Beautiful day for baseball!!
was excited to watch the Pixar shorts tonight, but it turned out to just be a vehicle for Mater. So to speak.
Nobody even knows where Ottawa is
Appalachia is having a boom because of natural gas. Go District 12.
I really appreciate when businesses respond, make use and understand the value of #socialmedia. Thanks for RT's
“Blood on the Tracks” by will be made into a feature length film! What a great album!
Hahaha! We admire your persistence that's for sure!! :D
Matty B that man Matty B
how are you my friend?!?!?!
next Saturday :)
There are a lot of people who don't want #edreform. They're making too much money with the system as is.
lights r killing mke
Spell lived backwards! Strange huh!
"Do you understand? / Me neither. / I don’t understand a thing." —Oliverio Girondo, tr.
Beat the Bank in Britain: Top 12 Tips for Saving in 2012: In fact, when travellers combine the strong Canadian dollar with industry d...
Amy!!!! Man I've been in the zone. Spinning my tales of love and war. Lol.
Being able to hear singing "part of your world" al the way out in the hallway
Went to work with dad today at ! We looked at jobs and did some estimates. SO much fun! #painting :)
Perhaps the term pop science indicates the problem. Operative word: pop. Does (neuro) science need marketing hype?
so what did you eat?
Just listening to . you needto start playing some songs! (: He is coming to Philly soon!
One of the best games of this season, #Indiana and #Kentucky was amazing. WHAT A GAME.
Illinois has run out of cash earlier than usual for college fin aid, denying state assistance to tens of thousands of eligible students.
Having a blast planning and I's #NODAC12 adventure! Cannot wait!
Why these ugly heat fans get rowdy and rude af UGH
How in the world do both Carlos Beltran and Carlos Ruiz have 7 RBIs today?
Massive traffic to start New Year thanks to some freak links has me on hunt for quality ad inventory. Interesting, frustrating problem
Saw #TheAvengers on Monday and I am still on #cloud9 #mustseeitagain #ASAP!!!
hahha yup he's a punk!
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo hang with you and skip Duck hunting.
George Zimmerman case is not about gun rights, it's about whether we want armed vigilantes enforcing the law instead of the police.
Really... we are about to burst! we want tshare new news SO bad! Be patient. AWESOME Wired things happening!
thank u
Olive Oil can reduce your risk of heart disease and each Smashing Tomato pizza has half of your daily recommendation of Olive Oil!
BigH Mantra: Today I celebrate the source of my abundance & give thanks for its continued manifestation. Have a Powerful day!
I love Christian school graduations. God gets the glory!
me neither. But as a measure of the notion of "field" i think it has legs.
Glad 's tips in my post helped! I still have work to do on mine, ha
ugh -- helicopters to the north. for #occupythefarm?
“Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Focus your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.”
How will you conspire with the universe to uplift the world?
I LOVE
Today is a kick ass day
Basketball Season Needs To Come A Little Faster !
Malcolm X: "Racism is like a Cadillac, they bring out a new model every year" Via George Lipsitz via Victor Rios.
Facebook is currently down!!! :)
...Times of Grace (members of Killswitch Engage), Colour Revolt, You Hang Up (w/ Frankie Muniz), and many more! www.minervamusicfest.com
“: Not having any cool apps #BlackBerryProblems.” BBM is cool aha :-)
Would anyone in the NYC area like to take guitar lessons from me? No experience necessary.
Just signed the Mudge resident's poster and everything got very
i put my money on Cisco Systems, Inc
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Sun, 18:03 PST
Does the Google Drive logo look like the recycling logo to anyone else?
me too here in san antonio
Thanks! I will be there!! Keep up the GREAT work! One day soon I will be on the TED stage! :-)
Only 24 hours left to book your two for one USA #travel #adventure and bring your BFF for free! 21 day trip only $850!!
Dear , Let me know how that pizza making app on iPads translates to new hires!!! I'm sure TONS of ppl working there have iPads!
I'm slowly starting to see how things are suppose to be.
Thanks. I'm excited. An incredible draft overall. He'll like it here.
Gloomy day got you down? Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down! Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
Welcome to my every day.
American Idol is past tense' on its way out. Why don't they call it what it is? Karaoke at best! I'll stick with the Voice
Save the Date.....Invtation...Cake....DJ...Photography......Wedding Stuff!!!!
bcux who would take who last name??..and at the end of the day if they wanted kids they can't produce their on..
lol u think so sis? You been tryna smash?
Did you watch the video that came with this?
Living right doesn't make you live longer
you know I'm paying attention!!!! ;)
So much accomplished and it's just before 9 am. Can I real life #trend that please?
Worst ending to #TheOffice happy The Nard Dog got his job back but is that baby Dwights?!
With mobile technologies we are able to carry the whole library with us out in the field.
Dundee Oktoberfest pairs perfectly with what song?
tell your friends about our website! -we rock and we need your help!
lol I thought everyone called him that....
I CALLED LOL
Follow they will #retweet all #dm you send them! They #follow back. #promote your #products and
hello world get ready for my ohio carnation wedding invitation!
that's awesome..glad to hear!!;)
Will you and your Dad start investing in Motion Pictures??..now would be a good time, since the Stock Market ready to Crash!
Still not in a very qudd mood.! Watchinq saw 7 n bout two eat some breakfast.! Me n the lil one qoinq two my qrandmas toniqht.!
RT follow ME #RememberHow i Cried when u said #YouAintHittinitRight ?
RT : Someday's I feel as if I was born in the wrong era
Oh yea its on baby! RT : RT Green Velvet on the 23rd? uhh yeah i'm there. Tagging along bros
C'mon, Wisconsin. High of 45 on Tuesday? 39 on Wednesday? 43 on Thursday? I want to wear snow boots & tweet snow pictures & do snow things.
Shoutout to all our new followers. For those asking about s next show, he's booking shows and will be performing soon.
can you die?, like srsly.
ProTools needs to be more user-friendly >:-{
Best lunch break ever. Curled up in an armchair at starbucks, drinking soy chai and reading THE BOOK OF BLOOD AND SHADOW.
Congrats to the class of 2012! We did it
How did it go? RT : I'm doing a live chat with on this afternoon!
Cause im bout tht life....well a party girl life
you have to promise not to laugh at my first attempt-- Rico
We hope everyone has had a happy Easter with family and friends today!
I attended the LA Screening of SMASH last night at The Grove.....Pure Brilliance!!! Congrats!!! I smell EMMY!!!
GM...my sister hw r u?
[Mark11:23-25] When we speak & do not doubt & believe that those things which we say shall come to pass; we shall have whatsoever we say.
so is tweet about that blogtv!
"Looking for someone to make me more awesomer online."
Romney says "we are a nation of Immigrants" but for immigration to work we need to secure the border.
New show dates from coming soon! stay tuned
Relaxing to OFWGKTA be jealous ;)
They're back? How did I not know this?
Done with social networks when I get back to lex sunday focused on what I need then what I want
Thanks bro - you thuh man -
Alpha Day at the Capitol in full swing!
“: There's a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon now... Why?” .... nobody in Hollywood has an original idea
Diageo has announced it is to invest €153m in a "brewing centre of excellence" at the #Guinness brewery at St James's Gate in Dublin.
3 car crash blocking several lanes of wb highway 18 at C street in auburn. Follow for updates.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Happy Tshirt Co! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I used to regularly eat barrett sandwiches in my spare time...till I cut pussy out of my diet.
I feel alone!
had fun last night though;
thanks !!! let me kno wat u think
WOW MANCHERSTER CITY!!
with all the auditions for drug addicts i go on, i predict playing many a heroin addict in my future
Checking out and heading home after an incredible weekend in #NOLA for #C21GC. Great job
Don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are.
So both Music Videos are being edited & finalized, coming soon! For our new song "Grand Destino" as well as "Mute Singing Boy"
What's everyone planning on seeing this wknd? I will be at The Devil Inside, which raked in 2mil at midnight screenings on thurs
I win?
and i gotta work with EVE
oh... No two pieces for me lol
-- yes, but don't forget that was the same era we were shooting presidents, candidates, black leaders, and college students.
Just emailed you! THANKS :)
We don't need pro basketball... We gave college!!
"For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't mean to but in but my guess would be Moorman.
Time to get my churchin in. :D
He's a pretty awesome kid!
It's simple I love music
Thank you Brandon. I am honored to have been asked to serve as Secretary and I look forward to doing great work.
please follow me?? it would make my day(: lol
Hold them at the 1 !!!!
hey sorry I'm not going to make it today; drs appt got rescheduled for this afternoon and I'm in Chevy chase.
The USA's link to socialism
Ugh. Victoria's secret always tells me I'm a D cup. I'm gonna stop getting measured and continue to pretend I'm a C.
Yeah but that kid from BC is 1 for 3 on wide open dunks and is at least 6'10", smh! #billyhoyle lol
I need to start gaining wait instead of losing it.
Spent the 1st part of Black Friday on the Nat'l Mall (not a shopping mall) for a 4 mi walk with the pooch. Way too gorgeous out for stores!
or ; who wants to give me a discount code to buy their product? Both seem great, so it comes down to a little love.
Go fistfuck yourself 2011, and bring on the muthafucking DRAGON.
Yay! RT : Looking forward to seeing and and soaking in the inspiration at #pivotboston tonight!
I am the 1 percent! And I'm proud of it! I know and U KNOW who my challenger is! THE DOORS ARE OPEN!
Yes! It will be a great weekend.
There is a 400% increase in knee injuries in younger athletes. Twisting sports mean an increase in ACL injuries. Huge risk!
Absolutely. How was your Mother's Day?
have extra Weekend 1 ticket to Coachella. Let me know if you are interested...
Much like me--
haha Ok! and preston is gay haha
Thanks dude. I like Dave too and listen to him on the weekend. Knows his stuff.
I'm about to smash on some Cinnamon Toast Crunch
are right, this latest re Gay Marriage is the only time in 60 years that a Prez tried to lead and persuade a Change
Assembly now debating bill to create vocational high school diplomas
Thank you to my new followers: and Enjoy the rambling! :)
kendrick lamars words! Growing apart too ..
OK I'm getting sleepy..it just got awkward o_O
hey wants you to check your email for an approval! :)
a new addition that i would probably see once a year... #allgood least it's a boy.. no more girls plz. #nomore it's tough being a female
When should I start working on my dreams? Do it now.
Florida Based Banesco USA Assumes All Deposits and Purchases Assets of Security Bank, National Association
like really cody.. you couldn't have just gone to san diego? you have to skip over it? really?
Not a good day. Bad headache blood sugar at 372 and one of my best friends killed himself.
We do indeed. Designing institutional arrangements that are necessarily & inherently adaptable & impact oriented is a challenge.
Rockefeller Archive Center to House Ford Foundation Archive
What the fuck is Lori's problem? Liking her and her bratty kid less and less all the time.
yeah u got it cause I ain't there!!
we all wanted to see the M's against a middling team instead of best and worst to get accurate gauge. cue denny green.
Ooh. =/ but on the bright side I know you're stoked for chickenfoot :D
not going to sleep for awhile since I'm not going to school tomorrow.
Damn my 6yrs old son beat me in bowling on the wii and he talkin shit 2 smdh
I hope! RT by 8pm ET today to win a 35pc bundle from HSN & Martha Stewart Crafts
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you get it on the regular
French onion soup - Great Dane has the best in town - Bennie's at The Jet (also best in town)
Life is so good :)
???? �ByrdSuperb: One penis won't do it, two is not enough for me no...�
anythigng for you Sheetal. Hope all is well.
love that! Always stay true Zayn, never change love xx
uccess is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.” -Wilfred Peterson
LOL! You really think that's had such a big impact on the language? XD
Kelly, talking about her jewelry box with the spinning ballerina: Mama, did you forget my Jewelrina Box?
Cool the Earth just surpassed the 100 million pounds of carbon reduced mark! 65,000 kids and families have reduced 100 mill of co2!
Your company looks really cool. We do some simulations of industrial machinery ourselves.
Big Builders Scoop Up Big Bucks With Foreclosures
Phaedra...logical...I love it!
if I was the king of the world. I tell you what I'd do. I'd throw away the bars and the cars and the war, and make sweet love to you. :)
New default.
Really, America? That dude sounds like every other generic R&B singer out there today.
It is imperative to teach children with autism to swim- they have no inherent sense of danger and a true affinity for water
Spirit Airlines is trying to start charging passengers $100 for each carry-on, and to that I say, GOD LUCK!
That's IT for today's posts with 110 cappers with action in FB with 2 consensus side & 2 totals in NFL in today;s games and of course sts
Follow me? #AngelForever(; ❤❤
so you want Kelsey to hit you ? Got it . I got you booboo .
I like your scarf a lot. I can't wear one to save my life. Work.
I am going to have Ed Sheeran stuck in my head all day. Thank you Liam :D
Well ok, I suppose we can handle that. {face palm} Oh goodness what is WRONG with me today?! {twitches}
Girl Scout Gold Award recipients enter the service one grade higher in rank than other enlistees, having already proven themselves leaders.
LMAO --RT If a boy lets you meet his mom , what does that mean ?
Like scavenger hunts? #Geocaching? I have an idea and would like some feedback...DM me!
I told her I need her back cuz every KING need his QUEEN back!
at the mall bored. Ya. It's possible. Haha
is fab and funny! So glad to have her at CC today
Kee Malesky's ALL FACTS CONSIDERED and Flannery O'Connor's WISE BLOOD are my #fridayreads What are you reading?
#StPatricksDay and #Hoosier action the same day! Couldn't be more perfect. Watch the game at 6:10pm!
I'm still hungry ...
you geting money
seven minutes door to door :)
1:25, just woke up... it's gonna be a good day.
tomorrows my birthday can i get a follow and a happy birthday
: In that comparison, to me, it becomes a question abt "spaces" & access as much as relevance & affect
Goodnight twitterverse It's time to get my motor running and head out on the highway. Well at least to 6th and canal to . lol
Done slept on them pacers
There is always a first but never a last RT : Finally getting to my first #smbmad event!! Very excited.
is my brother. If I were you, I'd follow him. As I am me, I'm already following him. Also, his band is good.
Reducing life to law, numbers, & contracts chew at the human spirit; it's terrible to see the tools we created then shape us.
A Cancer and Virgo relationship may need outside help to get them both through the worrying
love ya !! :) thanks for all the inspiration #muchlove ♥
Fact is he was so underrated but all he did was make plays smh and I agree if he played in superbowl 41 Rex Grossman has a ring lol
Judy Blume&#39;s classic novel &#39;Tiger Eyes&#39; hits the silver screen at Montclair Film Festival Saturday
You're very welcome:) Have a great weekend!
preciate the follow back
Exactly how smart is your smart phone?
hey tony!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😚
I'm in whenever, let's do it
This isn't a comedy, it's a horror film. People live, people die, so you'd better start running.
no problem! Follow on instagram: jovitomusic
wahooo! Scarves for everyone : )
only 1 college grad has been drafted n the top 10 n the NBA draft in last 5 years. Its not just UK. When kids r ready they leave
that spoiled brat kid. I'll end him first chance I get.
And the twist would be that the cabin is actually inside James Woods! It's so meta.
I Had #Respect 4 But Jus Watched Hiz Behind The Music On VH1 N Jus Gained More #Respect 4 Him. #Salute Bruh.
Happy Mothers Day To Every Mother Out There Who Done Their Part For Her Beautiful Children 💙
The awkward moment when you say, "I develop and design things on computers." And the person responds," Do you play Minecraft?"
#IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you were as dumb as brick.
Please help us get to 1000 followers :-) love you guys!
Looking for Innovative & Lasting #PromotionalProducts ? www.BNoticed.com
The most emotionally committed I've ever become in a single film was the sigh of relief when commissioner Gordon was NOT dead in
I love ur voice u sound so sexy in da city lol
is there any way in Django 1.4 to always do a {% localtime off %} but still USE_TZ=True?
nice looking forward
#DavidStern fucked up the league, no doubt. players should get fined for flopping or else the #NBA wont be fun to watch.
This weekend only! You can get free stuff from R. Shamar when you order Passion 101 or Lost Works of a Lost Soul from www.RShamar.com
Thank you for the shout out!
Taylor's probably gonna end up deleting the tweet if she sees all these "that's not fair" tweets.
I miss u and to im not doin anything but homework
Happy Birthday to one of the last real brothers alive and a national treasure - follow this man now if you don't already!!
ringring!! Hi Carly! Thanks for the follow!! :) xoxo! love, #mofones!
Good Morning Twitter
"I am considering all of my legal options" - & "I'm 100% certain it (substance) never entered my system" --Braunie
TY for the mention :)
": Woohoo!!! Got prolly the biggest interview of my life up to this point after work today! Wish me luck!"Good luck,I hope you get it
I'm pretty sure people say the same thing about you. RT Obama will say and do ANYTHING.
I hate guys! Really really starting to think they are all the same.. I'm so done with being the second choice!
Gotta go to work on Monday now
Where the choir is?
My theory is that every ten years or so bluegrass becomes cool again...then its considered cheesy again for a while..
#Realshit pillow pets are so comfy :)
hey Alex!:)
Wahoooooo. On my way home.
If your in SA follow to know about the best theme events downtown!!!
<--- #Shoutout to! Thanks 4 the follow, I
My Flaws... I have to do better😁
Any other Bay Area kids see all this "KONY" stuff and instead think about KOFY TV?
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
The #CohesiaConcept is growing into something way beyond what I thought..anyone that wanted to be a part hit me up for details
r u gonna sing it.. and can i get a shoutout???
probably a fart joke or a sex joke. We're adults, honest.
How do you learn to pitch? I'd be so nervous.
Twitter > Facebook.
Happy Friday! #TGIF and can we make a change pls for a better weekend?!
Oh wow. That is a great concept.
man, it's quiet around the office at this hour.
Yo people check out new songs headline by drake and ladies love me by chris brown feat. Justin beiber. Bra these songs are beast
had a super crappy day.
Set times tonight at The Frequency in Madison, WI: Hounds Below 10:00pm, Melismatics 11:00pm, Beaker midnight
Watching #thetillmanstory honoring Army Ranger and NFL star player Corporal Pat Tillman. Reading Jon Krakauer's Where Men Are Next
Aha!! Even funnier!! I could see you asking that and him responding with a blank face.
Things have changed in Denver. Winter now lasts six months, and you're lucky to get six weeks of spring and fall. Still beautiful.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Do NOT get into a "chat war" either live or online. You WILL get tilted/annoyed/angry/upset and lose your edge.
Come on out to Senior House on Feb 16th from 6:30pm to 8:30pm for refreshments & prizes to celebrate 's video launch!
This guy at my school was scared because he had sex with a girl who has stds.
Good morning everyone :-)
Already changed
Off to therapeutic Listening course for a refresher. This is a great strategy to have in your bag of speech therapy tricks!
its on??? i dont hear it wdf
Pls stop singing
Probably. It's on my calendar.
what would my life be like without the boys..... oh god i dont want to know!!!
Whatever songs drake gets featured in turn out so catchy.😳
10 Facebook Tips -- 1.) Get Twitter
the is coming up this weekend...anyone going? Could this be the start of great road racing coming back to Colorado?
I'm STILL adjusting to the new layout... LOVE the old layout... Thoughts?
I voted for u like crazy! I really hope you win Javier, ur voice inspires my entire family man and were all rooting for u!! GL!
While watching Gingrich's loser speech I noted that he has lots of fantasies in that enormous round head of his.
#RT just in case you want a Shout out. I'll do it for you instantly. :3
Prayer partners in action...... God is great!
You get extra-credit for that tweet, Gregory :)
safe travels!
(Friedrich Nietzsche) He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Dear crazy homophobe pastor: congratulations. Your "beat the gay away" sermon actually made ex-gay therapy look good by comparison
I hope your kidding. You never watch old movies?
(: please follow me alex. That would make my day.
no worries :) was just jammin! how is your night going?
you should follow too, really good!
Bench #12 he stinks
Happy Friday! On this delectable morning kindly follow
Go Timmy and the Gmen!
Jack Shortlidge back at OHC! Contact at ! Welcome back, Jack!
attn fans- I'll be announcing a Big Easy infrared turkey fryer give-away tomorrow just in time for#Thanksgiving. Stay tuned!
I need a lady
Can't wait until I get home so I can watch the #FollowYou music video!!
Even though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending Zachary Johnson
Das it! You're exactly who I think of when I think "tech-savvy mom."
Me to late nite cravings RT : I'm hungry
Hey Um Im Gonna Get You A Hat For Your B-Day But Im Gonna Give It To You In Person So.... Well Your Gonna LOVE IT! ;)
I got so much sun today
catchin waves on the santa Barbara beaches.. the perks of California
follow now. 5
I AM JEALOUS.
Thank you for the shout-out! :)
we need to play that at mass next week
Don't Forget. Voter Registration Day at City College from 12-2pm today
National Doctor's Day is March 30th! Send flowers to say Thank You to your favorite doctor!
ing gorgeously awesome person
It is not as important where you have been as much as it is Where you are going!
Q9. One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
Thank you! Have you picked up a copy of Ayla's new album yet?
getting ready to go out with jazmine :-)
Great night. I got caught up on episodes of #thevampirediaries and watched the #OKC Thunder game! Goodnight everyone.
“: #recordthatchangedmylife the first time i heard up the bracket - the libertines, it blew my mind.” Agree!
Watching the boats go by at the Hawaii Kai boat parade! Great decorations this year!
Doug Collins: "We can't stop Kevin Garnett." Says they're going to hope his misses his jumpers.
Win through your actions, never through argument.
S/O to xo
& you ARE buying #Ochocinco because you are talking about it...
RT : Anderson Cooper for president!
Reservations are required for the dinner, please call 503.693.8452.
agree with you)))
Building our Facebook page! Question: What company Facebook pages are successful to you?
Hi Travis All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lmao That's You Talm Bout You Wanna Pick A Fight With Me.!
AU sound checking. Patio is warm (it's all relative) and dry. Tonight has spring written all over it!
LOVE all this snow! I keep trying to convince to skip work and come play outside, but so far he remains a responsible grownup.
NO they don't ME GUSTA ^_^
andrew, seriously SHH!
Hey Warriors and Friends, How are you this morning?
#RealHousewives of New Jersey... Get over it, you went to jail...
Wu: Not good enough to care about one case of injustice. You must care about all injustices. We must work together
I have double ten green :( xx
First #BCFM tie! Solution? Fight to the death. won. Rip ben.
Tomorrow I'm visiting to put the final touches on the "Unsigned from Uptown" project before its ready for revisions & mastering.
Text me text me
Now is the best time to buy Modular Mates (special sale price on the super set!) and organize your kitchen. W.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the old left tit."
#1414 Ok so I love your whole account <3 To sexy beast in your icon <3
Reindeer ear and rudolph nose car decorations, gonna miss that ticket for tacky
Happy mid-week to all! Just a few more days till we ring in 2012! Looking forward to a great year!
Well, it's official, Shell's 3rd Annual Fashion Auction will be this May... still finalizing the dates, so stay tuned...
If tyga can make it in music. Then so can I. Tyga I'm callin you out. Anybody know his twitter name
PSA for all things natural - Dad got an Rx pill stuck in his throat. In <24 hrs it burned a hole!
Three wines before dinner. No more for you young lady.
Emanuel now speculating on DREAM Act. Says if Obama wins election, incl. southwest states, and Dems get Senate, it will pass.
Cherry limeades >>
ohh hell no, F that noise!
Ugh can't sleep!!
Huge project launch happening later today.. client is extremely pleased and sent the best testimonial ever to the team!
you know how fun that's gone be???? Its like open gym
I'm looking for some real go getters....whose down??
1852. I would kill for a right angle
so glad to here sasha's keeping you company. you're never really alone if you have a cat. or, more accurately, your cat has you.
Sorry 4 being so late but thank u and hope u had a HAPPY THANKSGIVING yesterday 2 girl :) xo RT : Happy Thanksgiving!
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
ALCL people get it cause it's GOING!!!
you're such a nice sweet young men trying to help me :).
I am.... I got the M&M passes just to see you! Please go to the M&M in Sunrise Florida!
If she still got her twinkle toe sketchers,?
thanks! thats a gr8 question-my experience is mostly onstage. But will post fun commerical soon! Like the page 2 be kept in the loop
personal attack it a white flag. And this is what. A dozen. You lost along time ago. ,) thanks for making my point.
Tour De Quail stage 2 tonight.
Still swole Jeff watchd Bad Girls Club ...
no y
talks about Vegas Casino losses. Some $15 billion worth of casino development projects have failed, stalled or are struggling.
hey,my godfather/cousin is Patrick Dean, do you remember meeting him? anyways i just wanted to let you know, he said you are cool
Well, at least I'm no longer obligated to get a pixie cut. Doesn't mean I won't do it though
Upon reflection, I think today's outfit might be very Emma Pillsbury-esque.
What makes my day is people telling me that something I said made them so happy.
Only the best friend to "Give the cud" gives the whole bag))))
and thank you
You read about it and liked it
i will make you some extra chocolately chocochunky cholocate carly hot chocolate instead
I did ok surprisingly! lol I don't remember my score-but it was good enough to get into college & that was good enough for me :)
Stoked on some Goose Island!
You could always get an Android device for the best Google Maps experience :)
: thanks u too
Sometimes.. I can't wait to be a dad.
Yes, I think so as well. Keep on.
“ Obstacles cannot bend me. Every obstacle yields to effort. ” Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) Italian painter, sculptor, inventor
Funny thing: neither did the Sox. Yesterday tied for the largest comeback in NYY history.
1st sign 2012 may be a good year: accidentally walk across broken glass with bare feet & somehow don't cut up my feet!
great recommendation from immaculate Infatuation- keep it up boys-my fam and I had great time there tonight!
I like to keep my life simple. Complicated situations do not have room in my life.
is it that beautiful?? :)
Last round. Here comes the sleep...
what's good buddie
I am a hero worshiper. I like the number one tennis player. I like the number 1 baseball player. I want to see those records broken.
wats up Sis I ain't seen ya n a min I need to get up with to brothers but I was doing nuh just shopping a lil lol
Just got 's book. Love it! Breaking down a scene becomes more fun...like a puzzle I need to solve.
Keep it real wit yoself you want a good nigga but you doin things hoes do
RHYTHM ROOM STARTS TOMORROW
Go to hell
ooh, we are in the area so that is a possibility! will let u know. I'll DM you my #!
Day continues to be made...just found season 2 of Downton Abbey online! Goodbye world...see you in a week!
Procrastination doesn't stop when school is over -_-
send me your addy (amykant @ gmail) and I'll get a sample in the mail tomorrow!
Boo springing forward.
I can't wait till this week is over..
Two years ago, publishers said ebook sales were 1 percent of total book sales, now closer to 9 or 10 percent. NYT
Sure. Ill send you an email right now.
Silent House could also be the name of a raucous fraternity comedy set at a school for the deaf.
Thank you for the opportunity!! :) You rock, Shayna! Alanna says hi!
NO BeAT DANIEL SUN?lol CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!
Twitter>Facebook
chicken Rico is world famous!!!! So glad you went!
Thanks for the
Finishing the final touches on our teaser video. Warning- this is the first one we've ever made!
Hahaha, giving people a hard time >>>>
About the media landscape for publicity and promotion: #hangonitsgoingtobeabumpyride says
Nigger u lost
LOL RT : Awkward: Your cell phone going off full volume at a funeral. Even more awkward: Your ringtone being, "I Will Survive"
LOL - Amazed how many spend hours & hours on soc media talking to competitors/colleagues, not customers.
Don't try to enjoy it, let it try to enjoy you. Don't try to understand it, Let it try to understand you. -- ee cummings
you're ugly and ihy!!
- ian gon lie, you do look gud though !
I have the best friend in the entire world who gives up her friday night to hang out with me & bring me milkshakes<3
It should be noted that every history professor ever is the most boring person of all time.
Yes and yes. But mostly
Wedding now. Party later. :)
daang i havent been on this account much. its mainly been Natalie. i miss it<21
Lots of of bacon with and stephanie
Change positions
I'm trying to talk Kelley into it...I'll be sleeping...so I can listen to KPAM early tomorrow AM
Why all these rappers rhyming over their vocal tracks @ the BET "Hip-Hop" awards? Wow! These dudes are wack!
RT : "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke
wish i could attend presentation on happiness #learntrends, but I'm off to RDA training.
ur dish was fabulous anita!! Still thinking bout it today
If you decide to buy the Heart of the Ocean necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :)
I miss you SO much and I've been so worried about you and Nanda. How're you? I freaking miss you guys! #ILOVEYOU! <3
this person does! It was very distinctly munching--not nibbling or biting into or gnawing on. Just casual munching.
Everyone wish Florida hottie a happy birthday!
Peyton Manning to the most exciting team in #Miami. The #Marlins. You heard it here first.
Perfect day for homemade split pea soup while watching Flypaper
My Granny asked me to borrow my car... lol
lol wayne is a jerk but that song be havin me feeling some type of way each time i hear it lol
can't retweet this enough “: Why be in a relationship if you are going cheat?”
Few years. The JB's got dropped from their first label, and had issues releasing their first album. It happens
Thanks for the shout out! Sorry I missed #FF, I was out of the country! But I'd be happy to give you a plug this #FF!
I honestly have a real, albeit irrational fear of #zombies. After reading the survival guide, I'm kind of convinced they're real.
just tweeted about you and forgot to tag you in it..
Follow ! They just killed it in Dallas!
it is now in your inbox, enjoy
Tale of two quarters. Colts win First quarter. Saints win second. 10-6 pretty low scoring.
Bout to go get some of this Korean soup with my love. Trynna get rid of this sickness. Thank You, Lord, for being my healer.
it should probably go to me
that would DEFINITELY help! (: that is so sweet of you! Prayer is the best medicine (: thanks!! xoxox
I'm no rockhead, just a cheesehead!
Interested in learning more about us and our event? Check out our stellar website www.wildcanyongames.org or DM me with any questions!
I may need to put in a call to make sure all is well.
Thank you to everyone who placed an order during the weekend blitz party!
HBO has announced a premiere date, Jan. 29, for its David Milch / Michael Mann horseracing drama Luck. But should you care to lay odds on
The Worldwide Trends right now are awesome ;)
Not a betting man, but look for Kentucky to cover the spread on Thursday...no matter what the spread is.
I wish I went to bishop right now, this is their last week -.-
I have a new phone so text me first
Talking about variations on how different people define Spanglish-At Reaching #Latinos Online meetup.
yeahh, didn't look like that was workin out for ya too well!
This is a great multimedia exhibit session, thinking of my friends
Overcoming ego is a huge challenge that reaps great reward!!!
followed ;D
Will you stop and vote no on #SOPA? The internet will be dead if the bill is passed.
A 250GB Data cap set back in 2008 is a bit out of date for multiple person households,
Tech & Soc Wk 4: Gray marketing" refers to the resale of refurbished products.~D
SoundGarage Android having some issue signing-in (blank screen) on newer Samsung tablets. Issue being investigated & fix coming soon.
Nice! Bring it on! ;)
I forgot about your York endorsement deal.
I know I'm a day late, but I'm raising my hand tonight. RT : How many of you went home and started working again?
Yay i get to see at lunch in a few minutes!!!
stalker kid!!
hell yeah shawdy
download it pussy... Good luck on bio btw kill it
sure glad we r in touch
to make a list of the present's i'm left to get for christmas:-)
I'd say Song of Solomon, maybe Sula.
did we keep the girl talk to a decent level? Lol
call me at 6029049230 asap
oh my gosh, im so excited for 's ustream!! ahh!
Life is a "team sport"--and you ultimately choose your team and your players? How's your team right now?
Tell em' again Scoop... U mad C's bout to get the ax!!!
night & sweet dreams 2 damn tired 2 stay up & my sinuses r killin' me! Thank God Tomorrow is an off day I'm exhaustd from last 2 days Z
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
tank you ! iloveyoutoo ❤
They have been terrible about announcing the winners this weekend.How many times can we have lick it up/kickstart my heart?
If you were making a pizza in honor of the packers, what would you put on it?
#liber2011 Norwegian Copyright Act of 1961 allows national library to digitize all pubs for long-term preservation. I want this in USA!
much appreciation for the mention (and the RT!)
did u get my email address bro?
Does love really last a lifetime?
Auuuuggghhhh! It was only a couple of flipper babies!
in Ybor with the Bros.
RT“: Another day another dollar”
#CapsBruins fan reaction with , -how much more rain? is live from #Caps game w locker room reax on News4
up way too early for a saturday
austerity -does that mean that you stop eating? ...
We need to cut extreme environmentalism to use our oil & natural gas while developing clean more efficient energy for future
Don't miss #TEDXYouth Day event at the Little Haiti Cultural Center ! Support the Miami-Dade youth creativity
can you follow me it would mean the world to me?
should be an even bigger scope on summer tourneys without summer league, I'm gonna try to make it to some
to early in the morining
thanks for looking out for DC residents at The Holland (Watassa Management)
Whoa. Tonight's ep of crossed into real life for me. Camp friend on the street = dude I actually did high school theater with.
RT Enjoying dinner at Dudley"s on Main with Debra
the lac is back!
I've got coffee, so everything's fine.
Chinese food for lunch with Reece :)
China Director Jo is Chungqing bound; Martin IT design is in Trongheim, Ken & Helena to NYC for design research; Krystal! Mind the store!
We must be prepared for what is presented in our life and be prepared to take the gift and use it for its highest purpose.
: Nice pic. Was that Saturday morning? Does Gus always wear a jacket & tie? I don't think I've seen him without.
You know its going to happen
It's always 1/3 ppl who can't neva be on time damn....they act like Houston 3doors down....
ok, no problem. I've got your book sample on kindle and looking forward to it. Enjoy the west coast!
tried the email but it bounced back! :(
Paladino = douche : If I run into Carl Paladino today I plan to beat the crap out of him.
agreed man, he also didn't have DMAC last year...
There will be plenty of chocolate options to choose from tomorrow!! :)
Mavs needed Marion last night. come back soon, matrix!
I have a degree in liberal arts. Do you want fries with that?
Also finally got that toilet fixed. Hopefully no more 400 dollar water bills.
you should write more articles about the Packers.
I love the live tweeting for us east coasters. You rule!
Two stops from work and we decide the metro needs to "hold"...really?
thank you for following
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden
GET YOUR BUTT ON! :O
If Liam Payne is in Florida I'm going to die!! Bsidjssysh
“: Drakkar Noir is the official scent of middle school dry humps.” #realtalk so funny.
:D RT : Today was one of those totally rewarding days and why I love to work with They're goin places errrrbody!
Appreciate the mention tons! And will check Molly out today! Your opinion matters THAT much!
Sign behind home plate makes me want a hotdog.
. we're sitting like 4 feet from each other. You couldn't have just asked me that?? Really? #AgeofTechnology?
Thank you for following me! :)
hello from my laptop!!!!
: do we have to be there at 730 or 8 today?
only if i had some real friends who didnt choose food over me...
Question of the day......Favorite venue in Sports? Why?
tumblr is too complicated to operate!!
Ok, I just sent you an email.
Except, we don't have vaccine yet. So what do we do today, with this moment and this user/patron?
when? Where you here this from
read your story, good beginning... hope you can make it different than the other classic best friend stories out there....
I hate the feeling of being useless
Shoulder and shoulder blade: pain at the midpoint of the inner edge of the shoulder blade
Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds - e.e. cummings
The Chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down. Experts say that’s what happens when your workforce starts to enter its teens.,
"Today will blow your mind! I feel sorry for your mind."
i hate Chuck Norris
Well, that was nice. I called to ask whether a car had a clean title or if it was a rebuild... douchebag hung up on me! Lol!
Just know that your favorite cookie will never live up to meeting
Well we are in this fight together, mad props to we all do what we can to fight for those living w/
Oh what would I do without jersey shore.
One good thing about working in Santa Clarita? Walmart!
So much for football being a religious experience. Now i remember why i stopped going to church
Prepping for a garden filled weekend of fun with on March, 31st! Mark your calenders!
then I hate you!!!! JK but I love that song! 😝
Only three days until “Viral,” the new music video I directed for The Architekz drops.
#Bones fucked him up this dude is pycho
Remember this, who you believe you are defines the way in which you create and experience your world
The way ASU moved the ball on that series, the Ducks have to be pretty happy with holding 'em to a field goal. 38-27 Ducks
Arming reads: "a head of garlic left out too long is full of paper air & last month's paycheck is on speed dial spent on a new moon & 30 day
#ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to autonomy and agency.
BAHAHAHAHA I've cut down drinking a little bit...mainly when I sleep.
Junior Seau, un-fucking-believable, two others I REALLY fear as similar dead-pool candidates are Favre and Terrell Owens, praying I'm wrong.
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power.
Anybody know a good place in Los Angeles to get a car scratch repaired???
Grab some oatmeal and some chocolate chips and make it happen!
Its not really that, he can pull it off. Spike Lee directed version of a movie that doesnt need remade?!?!?! What the fuck.
Just realized I need more computing power to run my specification tests. :(
music is up :D
i just ate an orange, and it made me sad because i wish it was a Mounds bar
"you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all of mine. I love you with all of my soul." ... I love you too!
There's so many cute people in Jersey! YES!!! c:
I'm a Sags, too :D
