Stupid. #twc cause of them I have no fuckin cable phone or wifi I have 2 come 2 the library! Wat shows am I missing 2 nite #3 days!
First blast of AC in the office.
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
did that caller really just say "I've partooken in college?" perhaps he should partake in going back and trying again.
Hello to new followers Also another cooler person
So hard to say goodbye to my mom today.. Crying is the worst. I love you mom! See you this summer. <33
I-Week has begun
why? was your kid reacting? Or just his/her philosophy?
Thanks, I'll look into that.
Pac 12 Tourney, new site options cont.: Move it to Portland, 4 schools & fans could drive (cheaper), Vegas (WCC, WAC, MWC already there)...
Watching Billboard Dad on VHS with on a Friday night 👍
No , i broke a nail -__-
so cool! How did you get that??
Monday thanks for the #FF and Mentions! :-)
is the hammer on yammer?
Asked cleverbot what my name is. It said "awesome". Well, it's official. #iamawesome lol
You do not decline -that much- in 6 months.
#RIPSeathJackson he was killed a year ago by his friends. 4/17/11
same here, although I was hoping I could see my dad this weekend. I'm sure how thats gonna work out.
Kobe "Not Gone Fishing" Bryant
RT : Just had a great chat with talking about #SoundStreak. A good new service for VO talent.
Welcome back,
As of now I dont...not liking the prices I'm seeing on stubhub. We are also doing an IUAA game watch.
Oh how I loathe this song.
I am loving taking classes at Stanford while in Brisbane. Their programming methodology class is incredible and exciting. Love new things!
We only have one life to live. It's a must that we live it to the fullest.
Gosse: We should move away from our conservatism as a discipline - follow where the oral history takes you.
Jeans represent democracy in fashion. ~Giorgio Armani
What do you mean by "a network?"
txt me!
I just dont understand how people don't like Weezer.
Are you using it?
Im a oreo
im broke and damn near hopeless like you, but shut the fuck up and do some research damn
it's a must-do! Tokyo is my favorite city in the world (next to New York, of course ;)
Milk smells gross. Unless it has lucky charms.
And there's the paper title: "Moles, Voles, and Trolls: Identifying the Twitter Underground."
My goal in life is to survive. Everything else is just a bonus.
gooodgoood, lol. I'm graduating on friday ;D
sounds good to me :)))
I'm the guy you want to follow...
If Facebook ruins relationships then guns kill people, pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk & spoons make you fat.
still no call back from principle ((teacher threw my son's gingerbread house he made in the trash as a punishment)) your thoughts?
Zagat is potentially adding food trucks for next year? I approve, but add more than 2 for Baltimore, please.
Good trade on Pineda New York!
bro dont retract ur statement just cause people came at you about it you punk who are you to talk about rose injury?
love that my cuz does hair she's family...i can trust she knows what she's doin
After the SUPERBOWL, Please check out my resume...Looking for District Manager position...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
We should limit saturated fats and eliminate trans fats
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
THE WHOLE CD FAM
Which one?
“: Omg me and are such cunts hahaha” awesome.
Gillie has finished working on 3 of my songs. he still needs to finish 5 more songs :o whoever wants a cd, when he's done, hmu:)
has confirmed that the FBI in New York has opened an inquiry into JPMorgan Chase's $2 billion loss
it was good times. Hope you can come next year.
oh yeah I am. Love it!!
Bert from The Used's best Vegas memory: "One time I won $3,600 and bought my friend Bubba a black prostitute."
Perfect weather <3 Only time I can say I love florida.
following people on twitter (YES!) following people in real life (>.>) (<.<) (>.>)
was good??
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Higher population concentrations foster incubators and coworking spaces.
Hahahaha well at least your making it up tomorrow
how about a long puppy one? BOL!!
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
whenever I'm up early and see other people out, I think: wait, you do this every day? I wish I were a morning person.
Can I tell you a story about by pussy? Nevermind, you won't get it.
I don't know what you wanted me to do. You didn't want to do what we wanted to do until after you left Johnny's. I couldn't
Sad the way the camera cuts Paul out even when talking about health reform
RT :19 yr old shot in Mt. View Nov said he was shot near school but lied; he was shot in a gunfight while trying to rob poker players.
so many memories today , stayed up until 4 am with Jackie and her mom , christina , me and sister and my mom . so much fun !
They all just walked into a bar???
Hahaha , ya know...
mine and and Spring Break has just been made!
I forreal am giving up on you
Ain't mad at 'ya. Being a fan is all about having opinions
Sounds like something would say... ": Didn't get ID'ed... Yet again. #holla"
just logged in to my account to realize I'm about a mile short of making the top 10 leaderboard.
Yup! RT : BO is so natural lol
i love it how you give you'r best in everything you do, but it's not for you it's for us. &' how you do so much just for us (:
The good old days weren't that good for everyone. My mother & grandmother both worked out of home w school aged kids long before feminism.
RT I Would Rather #TaxtheRich Than Take More from a Middle-Class That Has Been Cut for 10 Years.
hahha, i have the same problem! its very annoying. i dont even think i got that far with my dad!
don't leave without us!
I think some academics think good cv design looks "non-academic" or "too business-y".
You need the hotline number. I'm sure you could talk or into giving you that.
nice one of my fave jerseys and color ways out there.
Thanks !! You never forget :)
maybe not this year but next years #grammynominations :Best New Artist=Daniel Eiseman
Getting pumped up for today by listening to
jonathan herrera opposite field home run!
likewise! Thanks for connecting!
hey bro u gunna be on??
it's actually not until tomorrow night! today is only wednesday. :)
"A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself." Louis L'Amour 1908 - 1988
Oh, and by the way, adjuncts ARE faculty.
Somethng methody pple will tell u they do not teach method acting, but be careful there r many different branches of method acting out there
If you give the referees two points for ever foul called, they'd make the Final Four.
Fascinated to overhear a story about the pita shortage in New York. I want to hear more! at
if they just print more money it'll pull us out of this economic slump. What's taking them so long?
hubby is getting your leadership bible for b-day!
RT One other thing from Sione: he noted event is @ a hotel on Hope Road. Not sure if it's a coincidence, he said, but it's fitting
All #AMA leaders know this is true! RT #AMASummit the currency for volunteers is thank you
Basketball tournament again <3
We are all believers, whether we fess up to it or not.
so did you ever have to swirly yourself?
You thought wrong.
We should write up a short piece on this for Maybe and could weigh in? :)
AH PARIS IS JUST AMAZING!!!!!!!
Foy Sauce.. how big of a loser do you have to be to actually write what you did? Sad.
On the road to the next job location.
Same here. And yet, I'll see them both...
Got some muffins from Just Muffin Around!M Good.Looking for Video work!Who wants to be on youtube?
anchor debut! in for
Welcome to the Twitters! via
Not quite sure why my NEVER has what I want in stock
RT Also see Understanding Salsa Dance for Fitness
At home bored got know one to text wtf
I hate when bands say "soon". Like when is soon?!
Biking over the Williamsburg Bridge makes me feel like I own this city
good one “: words meen nothing with out the actions behind them”
any useful tips?
maybe some of our ladies need to stop in!
omg, i think i really have anger problems
almost lost my oldest son 8 years ago in a horrific crash. no words for what you're going through. be well.
I'm a big fan. Emails: constantcontact and myemma.
The jumbo marshmallows were a good idea in theory but in reality they get to heavy for the roasting stick
like public education?
follow me pretty please!!!!
BEAUTY TIP: Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
I know what you mean! I can no longer drink from glasses made of glass- it always smells like an aquarium!
I have not seen that! I'll pass it on to our editing team!
Tonights going to be a long night...and I have no one to txt... ):
Can't decide if Francine or Danny Rebus is my favorite character on the Electric Company.
We need to realize it is no cake walk for us into final 4. Let's play our best and beat baylor FIRST
Sleep. Rest is your best friend at this point to give your body a recover.
“: My world wouldn't be the same without you.”
just said not to leave my computer unattended cause it will get hacked...bwahahaha - u aint ninja enough!
ABSOLUTELY!!! RT : Always tip your bartender/cocktail waitress. Even when your drink is free. #sxsw tips
Ugh, JavaScript. Why do you hate me?
don't say that you might get more than a Mouth Full!! Wink
Nice layover in Dallas with on the way back to New York.
Mike Wallace in a bears uniform??? i bet likes that idea
Just got a #spraytan, SoCal beauty rituals never fail to amuse me
Anyone looking for a recent Masters grad to do paid work for them? :)
ha same the girl thing ain't good Dm me an ill tell u why
cup of ecuador and a spectacularly beautiful nc morning.
Have to get going. Putting myself on Internet pause.
Hope you're bringing some Pittsburgh flavor to your new home!
IT'S GREAT TO BE A FLORIDA GATOR
Why do they always make them sing on these shows after they A) get kicked off or B) win crazy big?
I need to stop writing Bash scripts. They're a pain to test and inevitably get rewritten in Python.
It looks like no body on twitter cares about the World Series!? C'mon!
went great - thanks for asking. Lots of good folks on hand. Really satisfying and fun day.
RT : A lot of California retirements are b/c of redistricting, but they might help Dems take a seat or two out there.
Damn, it was cold.
Mad men in 2 hours. I can almost smell the scotch abd lucky strikes
Incoming Txts & Planning Requests 4 Trips to NYC Have been Overwhelmingly Positive!The Awesome Weather Helps!
thank you so much for following me!! It made my day so much!!!
Front Flip, LLC is seeking an enthusiastic, organized and detail-oriented Graphic Designer.
No, I know. I just read it oddly. Seemed to chide OPS, but say M's better bc of slugging, and could really improve w/ OBP.
now if only he did that in a #Mariners uniform..
there is something entirely fucked up with my nine year old sister singing "come on a cone".
I love how Jasmine lets you specify the load order of JS libraries so that the dependencies are loaded first, i.e Underscore & Backbone
that's impressive hair.
DON'T EVEN BOTHER
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William & Catherine aka Wills & Kate
oh that's right. I forgot you were short. Sorry :/
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Boys that wear beanies >
I loved Bird by Bird! Awesome read. Thanks for the reminder.
metal or hardcore or hard rock.
People are so oblivious!
Like forreal though, it's so good !
My wife wasn't even a thought in my mind until 3 1/2 years ago
RT : O...love getting interest e-mails from college players in the KC area about the Shock. Just makes my day!
#StayStrongRyanKennedy Great twitter trend His dream is going to come true :)
No excuse not to vote today! Nat'l Wx Svc just issued Spcl Wx Stmnt HOT WX across SO CAL! 80's Coast/90's Inland - High Surf/High Winds.
lol u welcome
Follow Me Please I Would Probably Scream To The World If Your Did Please Follow Me...!! (:
Influencing the influencers. What's possible and what's not.
Chillin w. tonight (:
Our single is almost done and ready for release...
#HR Mover & Shaker Alert!! If you don't know who is the Creator of the Community you are missing out!
thank you. Ur awesome
thanks lizzer. You comin out this weekend obv, I went out for yours.
happy hump day! ")
actually finished something in photoshop, o yeaa
Glad to hear. Never let anyone take your joy. Every waking day is a reason to smile and give thanks.
MT If 60% of people on Zillow don't have agents maybe it's because they don't want one. [Or need one]
No More Nice Guy....! They Sleep on me!
are prepping 4a killer private party next Saturday. Have us 2yer place and we'll tear it up with ya!
Totally agreed. I've watch Perry play a few games and just don't get the hype yet.
#CreativeCloud Is this a ram hog? wonder...
its a strange thing as the festival is diverse in that films are selected from across the globe to participate. However....
not yet, I want to get mine set up this week
nice pictures i enjoy looking at the sweet kids smile
sometimes i wish i was a vampire just to be all cool and mysterious
Yes! We do have room! Should we put you guys in?
Staying true to the game no names playing it cool...
Lady behind me in Subway seemed to have other things on her mind when she ordered a 6ft Italian she meant 6* ft long subs on Italian bread!
I heard it was going to happen I'd love to catch up also
The roads were okay at 5 this morning - but now... They are slippery as a rattlesnake in a pickle jar!
Lol well ill officially be a graduate on the 22nd . ;)
You all need a sense of sarcasm. So cereal. Jebuus.
Downtown San Diego NEEDS better breakfast spots. And more of them! Don't people realize it really is the most important meal of the day?
How is that a fielders choice?
Probably my favorite painting in Washington, DC.
Thanks! And, yeah, it's no fun.
lol,I know it hurts. Don't bust it .
So I just read all the chapters of My secrets . I cried so much </3 . Very good story though Leanne ! - Jordan Blaze <3
:( it's bittersweet for sure, but I'll be back. Don't be afraid to say 'hi' when you see me!
wish I had been more productive this weekend; playing catch-up is no fun.
so much left unsaid..
Stream is down? I'll die!
Actors need to continual "re-charge" their batteries. Sometimes, it's getting out of town, sometimes seeing a great movie. Other times....
good morning, good night sleep?
he told me to pull them up and I didn't even have them low at all
I'm willing to take a risk in order to view a change .
Holy hotness! I think I may have to actually use my A/C!
tell paige i hope she knocks it out!
nice c: call me soon!
seriously considering putting them back in public school again. I just can't get cooperation.gonna be even harder when baby comes
So excited! About to fly on 's bigger 737-800 from BWI-PHX! I luv !!!
im gonna crash the shit out of your so called bro week
Good lucks!
I figure my chances are just as high as if I really prayed to an imaginary man.
MensHealthMag: "I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying."—Michael Jordan
Thx!!RT “: Incredible soundtrack - so powerful. Great way to come back after an off year!#myfavoritewg”
If u mean, more white female ones, yeah.
About to go 2 da crib n make sum beats!
Happy National High Five Day & a BIG #ThankYouThursday to you!
I mean I was looking at Bon Appetit! My eyes were on the pictures not the words.
tell me when you go bc I'll go with you :):)
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and all night! Mondays aren't so bad, are they?
Happy Pre-Friday! All themed photos this month! A lot more seasonal fun coming here & VIP's get the full sets on my site! XOXO!!
looking for #recipe for butternut squash/goat cheese quiche had last week!! delicious!
because I was still watching the show. Now that I'm over the show, I want to read those links. But they are lost to twitternesia. Alas.
Hey Eric Im so happy that you got your account back, Im so excited for the drama and hope that everything rocks Hwaiting OPPA
Thanks so much for the RT! We really appreciate it! Great to meet you!
hell yea cant wait. Aye do ur edmodo
still disappointed Marvel Studios didn't include Ant-Man & Wasp in The Avengers movie... (nerd pout
Question for clarification: What other part-time jobs offer benefits?
hey girl been on vacation. Is there still time to write something up tomorrow for next month??
my secret fear is that falling for phishing scams comes with age. you've got a few years...
Had an amazing MiniBük debut at #NSA10! Ran out of samples! See how MiniBük & CardBük can advance your communication strategy @ minibuk.com
Just had a jam session with & my brother
"Crosby starts a new relationship" (?) tonight on #Parenthood. This should be fun.
If you come to London, I'm free to go shop! #shoppingbuddies :)
oh blah. You can make it. Pinch yourself if necessary. Try some runners stretches. Do the robot - when no one is looking.
One thing was going through cascades students minds...YOLO!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Paul. Have an amazing time at the show! :)
Already talking about the future of the Mobile App with
WHY U LAUGHN im serious im mad at u tell me what he said
I was hoping someone would notice!
Is it just me or do grey/ colored tights make your legs look super stubby... :(
Rumor has it I'm the one he's leaving you for..
So and I are thinking: Maybe this game will end with same score as the Tigs game last night, 15-5. How bizarre that would be.
Happy Birthday! Hope that you have a great day!
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Complain about how bored they are but never do anything about it.
Neighbors of man shot dead on north side Friday tell me he was very friendly, also hearing impaired and would sometimes write to communicate
- you girls are having a blast I see.
So, , "outage in the area" day 4, & we've had 6 internet outages so far this a.m. -- but our DVR box works. Would love some answers.
CNN: Ray J found Whitney dead. 5 minutes later... CNN: Ray J wasn't even at the hotel where she died.
#zippem up UC style! I wonder if wants in on this one.
the quick red fox jumped over the lazy dog.
Just ran in to a hacker face to face on google chrome
is seriously the man.
RT : Despite what happened last night, this one is over. And at the risk of repeating myself, Pac-12 shoulda been 1-bid league.
Pardon my back bidges! I'm getting that!!!!!!
Shut your stupid, impoverished face. And thank you. RT : you have the best twitter username ever
Checking out cloudera's vm image
women being bitchy
Booked a commercial yesterday!!!
Fact: #Verizon wrongfully fired dozens of workers for speaking out against their anti-worker practices.
I WILL win this poke war on Facebook with the Pope if it's the last thing I do...
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams
A wise person once said: Nobody wants it, untill somebody wants it, the everybody wants it!!
Has anyone mentioned yet?
Did you see the reddened moon early this morning? It was the last total lunar eclipse until 2014.
Happy Birthday!
My feet hurt
#infocampseattle isn't lightning spelled wrong?
Thank you. It's nice not to get treated like an evil entity.
Made a few calls have got couple of meetings tomorrow hope there's some good news
At the dentist need a new profile pic
Sample: "Batracchomyomachia, or the Homerican Battel between Frogs and Mice, neatly described upon the Chizel Bone of a large Pike's Jaw."
nah he ain't as sexy as me (; a little bit less sexier than me (;
“: needs to be famous. This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks. It's absurd.” my thoughts exactly.
Poor Tucker man is having some anxiety. He's been in my hip pocket all day and whining a bunch.
CONGRATULATIONS Music Fans Around The World Voted You... Favorite New Country Star of November 2010
yay jenna von oy n the one brother from blossom are going to be on 'til death tonite w mayim bialik
children of the lord
I mean it really seems like what you want is a custom dashboard. But that would be hugely expensive...
Sounds like Ponderosa Trail Drive is a white ribbon of death. Don't go there. Reports of sideways snow, ice and dolts in SUVs.
Twinkle twinkle little whore, closes your legs your not a door. Twinkle twinkle little whore this is school not Jersey Shore... :)
should be working, try refreshing your browser window
#HappyBirthdayBiancaC Hope your birthday is GRAND! Hope you and your family have a Merry Christmas!
Love the Spink, but it took me literally about 5 minutes to figure out how to remove the metal loop holding the instructions
your a badass that who you are!
Let's hope so!
Plz follow me pit I love u:)
Isn't this story amazing?
Headed to Hilcrest graduation with my Uncle n Tae.
Popular business terminology... "doing more, better, faster, with less". Translation: "Unsustainable"
u still freshman though so u have three more years of varsity!
don't need a gym necessarily. There are some home exercises
At 7:45 a.m., I tried to buy one #katespadeny coat. I was charged twice, but bank says #katespade tried to charge me 4 times!
of events that occurred previously." It is therefore a
Why are there so many people at taco bell right now??
lol I'll cook for you butt naked if you call me daddy... ;)
I can tell you love the sun :D
im gonna cry.
no problem! i love your work and 's too. if i get i minute, i'll toss up something on my blog this week for both
My life is complete. I am now friends with Laura McGrath Weaver on Facebook.
Thanks for supporting sustainable forestry
Devote a great deal of time talking to buyers face to face. You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
pssh let's go
terrible game
ask the coach why you were red hot at the start and he sat you for Roy...I'm mad!
lol are the sex houses dirty? Like disease wise,?
tearin the town apart!
I FILED FEBRUARY 2011, AND THE LONGEST WAIT THEY SAY IS A YEAR AND A HALF, SO I AM STILL LOOKING AT POSSIBLY A JULY HEARING...
Chinese food obtained!!!!
Is it puppy time yet? Seriously, work is going too slowly.
"Cindy" and "Karen" at #Crossfit. They beat me and left me sore. Tonight is going to be "Fight Gine Bad". My last benchmark for week 1.
what was that tweet about someone being gross?
good on you. This is what #OccupySD should do--denounce flag burning assholes
Check us out over Jazzfest, we'll be at Vaughan's on May 6 from 9pm til midnight!
well its up to you i wanted to go with you to see what you wanted to see
A Michigan man has sent me a playing card to autograph, thinking I am the Rickey Young who played for the Chargers and Vikings. With a SASE.
This is what I get for starting that project at 10 pm on the night before it's due
Happy bday to my little sister brenda I love you !
Nothing better than laying in bed listening to Ed Sheeran.
Giving away 6 Blue Man Group tickets on Wednesday for Party Rock!
My youth handbell ringers suddenly got it together today, after a couple of weeks of tough rehearsals. Now they can play everything!
who are you kitten we are talking starting right meow
thank you bro I really appreciate it
Getting ready to head to CBP with Let's go ! Keep the hits comin'!
any chance the Browns make a move for Michael Jenkins or Brandon Lloyd? How about trade for A. Samuel?
Hey hun I need you email address...
Having a fun time exploring the idea of giving a lecture in Dubai. Would love to go there someday.
I look forward to the really short wig! You have a beautiful face and it shouldn't be hidden behind all that hair!:)
Just met the new managers at
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo braid my hair
Dear Graduating class of 2012... you are all unhireable based on your facebook accounts
Did you ever run that ruby file? Haha. :0
I know its a sin...
Representin'! RT : This is a special shout out for #holla!
So it's official. No Snow Leopard for me till I can get to an Apple store. Superdrive is completely dead.
I love <3
APRIL! I haven't talked to you FOREVER! <3
Honestly you turned out to be the best thing i never had! <3
hell ya when you gonna be back in buffalo? you no my boy
my KSUDigMe class listened to his story on This American Life. Didn't know about the retraction mentioned in this story.
RT : is back in #brooklyn. stay tuned.
Take the time to make someone else feel important.
Siri can't cancel subscriptions
#Education Nation
Sprints services kinda sucking right jow
I run a option offense in lyfe...qotta defend my Qb keep, pitch, and my pass
we just came home on the way listened to hannah montana soundtrack. my mother was tired of taylor swift fearless.
R.I.P to the girl you used to know
Christ almighty! - Got in himmel! - (I'm jammin)
Flight is delayed over a faulty bolt. Now might be a good time to try out my new HP wand. "Bolt Reparo!" , , &
IT'S NOT MY FAUGHT U MISSED THE BOAT.... U'VE BEEN SITTING ON THE DOCK OF THE BAY WASTING TIME WATCHING TIDE ROLL AWAY... WHILE I GOT IT IN
Nice to bump into you on Twitter. Looks like you've been here a while..surprised it didn't happen sooner. Hope all is well!
can't wait!
merger was approved! Thank you to for fighting for dancers rights.
Just beat Cod MW3 shit was cold from start to finish. Epic ass finish to the franchise.
Obviously, and I (in our matching fleeces) will shun you henceforth.
Justin Beibers hair comes from
i still cant believe that im taking my O's this year, in just a few months time.haha.
I should really stop letting my anger out on my walls.
I would love to be able to sleep past 10 but my body just won't anymore..
Three down, 159 more to go.
Not if you're there. You make it what it is. I'll be checking out your tweets. =)
Thanks girl I'm super excited! RT : hey thanks for following me. Congrats on the engagement!!! <3
Michael Thiel is.
Super excited to be a sponsor of "Selling Digital Media in the 21st Century" panel event today!
I know you have so much on your plate that you don't need me whining at you too.
Several deaths of fashionable ladies from the too free use of [red and white face] paint are recorded. (1855)
Top populated countries in order China, India, United States, Indonesia, Brazil, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nigeria, Russia, Japan.
Alright. Just seems counter-intuitive to WP's UI setup. Thanks for the ideas.
Latfor is meeting now to give final approval of redistricting lines before votes in both houses
Hip Hop Mix!!!!! www.soundcloud.com/hip-hop-mix-1-19-12
Detroit Music Awards and best of. Big night in the D! #DMA's
It was fun while it lasted though haha
I'm not too inclined to join 'scenes'. I much prefer to create my own.
their coming here June 2nd & I'm going d: I'm probably gonna start crying
Thanks for that Nixon post.
I bumped my little head...and I do have a very little head...despite the photo..
Thanks for the Follow , Happy New years
Your don't look a day over 30, my friend:-)
the ready set young forever good song if you havnt heard it
Times sure does fly after a great holiday weekend. It's already Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow!
You should be following 's tweets right now.
fine fine.
if she likes your big woodpecker,smelly lookin, broke back mountain lookin, fat nose then she can keep you
i like my boxes and buttons, thank you very much.
This half & half snapple >
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed. - Storm Jameson
I want to ask u wat ur fav part in the Starships video??
my bad, y'all. keep on truckin'. love, c
The best milkshake I ever had was in Wyoming. I think. It was near a major national park.
great! thanks
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I'm on....thanks to my daughters little pink radio. What a win!! Is it my reception or does Dwyer have an accent?
RT Done with fitness, going to get something to eat noww.
be nice, Jay Z trying too bad he hane no talent, he have to steal
Well put together like a piece by Gershwin
Haters can't hurt you unless you let them.
While we are mourning the loss of our friend, others are rejoicing to meet him behind the veil.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom. -Napoléon I
I'm with #TeamFlipPhone #TeamChrisBrown , If she don't shut it up, then it's #TeamShutItDown -
So, What's your story?(:
please don't send me spam crap. Mkay? Thanks a million.
I feel weird tonight...like just blah.
Is the radio ever going to stop playing gotye?
Wow Lakers had a 16 point lead half way through the 3rd qtr...
You made me laugh so hard you gave me a double chin batman!
My family, friends, and community are here in El Paso not with Austin insiders, Austin fundraisers, or Austin politicians. #Vote Enriquez
You guys! (That was very sweet to see when coming back to my hotel room after a long day.)
Current hosts include Sandusky Library and Lorain County Community College. Westerville will be hosting the program and one of the authors.
I leave tonight w/ a 10 page blog explaining what the E system is (again) and why my rumors are 100 % legit but aren't but are.
you never came n saw me!
what r u at now?
#lifevineworks is a program of the City of Chicago's
Guarantee everyone involved with #RacketBoys just got the late deadline notice on their phone/comp. Back to the cut on Thursday.
Thanks Lynette!
Helicopter has been circling over north Santa Ana for the past couple hours
Why are people from #occupywallstreet movement being arrested for visiting a Citibank as a group to withdraw their money? Crazy!
I know the feeling. Rest well. It's only 2:30 here.
<---- WORLD'S BEST SPY/STALKER LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
I think Allen West's tweets do not respect any word's individual sovereignty of their actual meanings.
RT Dying to know what it was ME Lavery's Devil Bird.A bourbon barrel aged imperial porter.How can you do that...
Is it bad my daughter chose beautiful, cute, and nice as 3 words to describe herself? And is it bad I made her change cute to smart? She's 8
"Crazy Thing About It, I Don't Need A Cosigner Sayin I Got It"
I HOPE YOU HAVE A AMAZING BIRTHDAY. AND ALL YOUR WISHES COME TRUE AND MAYBE U FOLLOW ME BACK. HAPPY 16 BIRTHDAY <3333333333333
#dtv RT “: #cubs fan should cherish these nationally televised games. Not gonna happen a lot this year, or next. #brewers”
#ThatAwkwardMoment where realizing you were religiously programmed takes you back to the pure, simple gospel truth.
aye do you know the girl peyton's takin on a date tomorrow at the pool?
Hobans Coffee in DuPont w/ tomorrow, tentative 5 or 6:30 until the man himself confirms. Cool?
Back from professional development. Reinvigorated.
Lmao Rita is making me laugh!!
She never fails to ask me the dumbest questions ,
an orchestra is playing the pirates of the Caribbean theme song outside at the grove... Kept walking by so I felt like I had a theme song.
Sometimes you can't be sure of who to trust...even if they are your FRIENDS...
Fighting a sudden compulsion to clean things cc:
#soexhausted, just wanna go to bed
busy with work &car issues ..joining a sand volleyball team this summer, should be fun :D
No digital ME3 for me--I can't sell it when I'm done with it!
Home again. Loved Grand Canyon but Canyonlands even more. Flagstaff is fabulous! Dogs loved traveling but glad 2B home too.
Car accidents and injuries are far too common around industrial trucks. Use these driving tips to share the road safely:...
need coffee
Microsoft's Office current critical updates for Mac = 500+ MBs. Does memory grow on trees now? Sorry for all you with less than 500GB HDs.
Making some deliveries to Kent Station and Tacoma! I hope the Blue Angels can run the clouds away.
Follow my real account please!
HATE FEELING NT WELCOME ...WELL THATS MY Q
Mom's decided to upgrade from a "phone" to an iPhone. Halleleuah. I suspect wiring her better will be like regaining 30% of her.
#PRIME2012 Catch me at #SixFlagsGeorgia on Saturday
Enjoying The Small Things In Life >>>>>>> YOLO
Hiccup! Tomorrow night at Hyperion Tavern. I'll be reading bad poetry and waving like Queen Elizabeth.
oh your not a #Lawrence bro but u know what you are
ontario now<3
Avila on fans booing Inge "it's hard not to notice, as players it's kind of upsetting because of what Brandon has meant to this team"
NAPLAN is no big deal. Y'all need to calm yourselves.
Spontaneous streak is on. Sign up now and get ready to streak. Vandy Belmont area
Good morning lovelys :)
have a blast man ;)
i love so much. i honestly wish he never moved so i could just drive to cincinnati every weekend and hug him.. lolol :)
Congrats #Nats! Awesome win! Lovin the revived offense! Take that Phillistines!!
to you as well beautiful
Follow #CCDP2012 for all of my updates on today's convention.
Looking forward to my Sunday walk with
Ohyeahbitch!!! El viernes a ver MTV World Stage con Taylor Swift & el Speak Now World Tour♥.♥
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
" I was a drum major for peace. "~~~Martin Luther King, JR.
About to make me some fried pickles, :)
I'm sorry but there are the weirdest ppl tonight at burks
This is so transparent it makes me feel dumber.
How do 5 gay men walk? In One Direction.
Julio got a mohawk .... Mother of god he looks 10x better ♥.♥
Thumb Thru Check Summertime Time Get Money !
RT Get quick access to #SGIAExpo information on your mobile phone: www.sgia.org/m
“: yeah cause her "girls" are huge as well! #milkin?” lol :-) she has a lit glow to her too
you only get to pick 2
Please Micheal Jackson was a great entertainer, and it is a sad story, but my god it is not like he was a great leader or a great thinker.
I haven't tweeted in a long time >_<
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 103
Guess who. MT : OH : "I wanna be a baby tiger. Think theyd let a baby tiger edit the Entertainment channel?"
Everyone always says you only fall in love once, but that's not true. Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
Happy Valentines! Thanks for the chance!
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm. Remember to use the side entrance!
for me the BYOD dilemmas include: equity vs. individual choice; parity vs. diversity
Dear Osha, thanks for following!
Who actually thinks it's entertaining to fight and kill dogs Sick fuck. Go Packers
Omg! 51!! Hahaha you go, girl!
#breakingnews from a possible bomb threat was called in to the Governor's office today...
My feet are killing me
DOM'S BOMB.
@ da hospital... But I'll be alright!) tell mark to follow me again!)
What's to come for tomorrow?? Who knows, but whatever it is, it's gots ta be on and crackin'!
Happy SUPER EARLY BIRTHDAY! And your dream will become a reality(: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ xoxo
Celtics and 76ers tip off their series tonight in Boston at 8 p.m. ET.
I'm probably going to vote for because every other candidate might as well be a literal etch-a-sketch.
Raining or not #Happyfriday !
This is what I keep saying.
Austin slept on kitna's arm strength ...www.thesportsland.com
Started the #NewYear off right, by putting #preparationH up my #dogs sore #butthole. Go #2012!
I could swallow the seas to wash down all this pride.
You're as good at love as you are at lying!
who were you talking about on the voice? Im watching it right now
lol every black dude adored Brittany as kids .... As did I! A noble compliment indeed lol
Troy OMG that was hilarious.. And the faces you were making.. You guys were so funny. glad I got to watch some of it!
Gearing up for ABAI
Great job boys - fun weekend in Rosemont with
it's a great night here at Outwrite. Hot Drinks, brand new music, and a BIG SALE. Come OUT tonight and get your shopping on!
K. I have Mel's book.
I use both, but my computer more often.
Of coarse dawg ;D
Worst invention of all time - Helicopter Ejection Seats Chalk one up for the Belgians
Just do it. Don't stop until you achieve it and then do some more. Be blessed. :)
This is some bullshit
Aubrey looks like she has her eyebrows taped way open all the time. lol
Loved it! They should have referenced "DeMoulas" or even "Mahhket Bahsket" and the "gahhden." Fuhlenes was my favorite part!
checked local ABC online for news...nothing...FOX LA is on it...
You! Out of the Gene Pool!
Good thing I'm going to see during national princess week. I'm his Princess.
less the 5 minutes away from playing the Edward Shapr and the Magnetic Zeros "Home" on
#Survivior needs challenges that forces them to make game changes or U have to leave! No one is allowed to ride !
yes this is true but getting better at forgetting
No you arent
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough
I have a DSLR shooter for you. How do I get you in touch with him?
Awe real cute. Real cute. Lmao!
Late-April rain in Arizona? I need some sort of photographic evidence of this.
& are in soho nyc recording soul food mixtape 2 RIGHT NOW!
#piwppi love listening to all the awesome speakers at Ignite and so glad it's not me!
Hey #GOP: #immigrants are not lazy. Every immigrant I see is working their asses off! cleaning toliets, pursuing phd's in biology, etc.
Heading out to at #AllNight #trancefamilylv #lvtrancemovement see you there !
How ya been love?
(): ask my share of good questions, too—i'll be resisting the urge to tweet & drive. :P
Their per capita output of outrage must be reaaallly low
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMIKEYFUSCO #HappyBirthdaySpikeyMike ur 13 now!!! I hope u have a great one! Happy birthday!! <3
i love you so much omg omg omg omg omg omgo mgom gom gomgaopdfgmaoisjfalisdjiasldjaisd YOU'RE MY FAVORITE GINGER
I have social media campaign gig you might be interested in. It's in CA. Ping me back if you want to discuss.
Thank You..You 2..
#nw tales from the crypt - slaves dolls...
“: IT IS WHAT IT IS!!! GREAT SEASON #STEELERNATION THOSE OF YOU TALKING CRAP WILL BE BLOCKED” block away
then I'm getting an average of 24 hours per week added to my life
What is it good for? Absolutely nothing.
I love coke zero too! But I have to get my 3-4 cups of coffee in daily, before I can drink anything else haha
Really enjoyed #ib4 last night - my first one! Great interactions and lots of good people to follow. Looking forward to ib5!
yep 100% dedication
I just paid 54.99 for a dark match! W/ that said I happen to love the funkasauraus
Haha I thought that shit was off limitz! Bouncers will kick your ass for that.
when u look dis good u got to bee cocky
#Artfact- James Maxwell photographed a tartan ribbon which was the first color photograph, made in 1861.
Mavs getting SCHOOLED by White Erkel! HOW, WHAT, WHY!!!
Happy belated anniversary ladies!
Obama gets couple off the political sidelines: We talked about that at their home in Rainier Beach on Thursday evening. Leo is a conf...
No fan of Obama but you really think Mitt Romney is going to make that much difference?
Declared by the Council of the City of #Pittsburgh, today is "Tony Duran Day"
Why the hell do I NEVER know about meetings at work till a day before?!
Yup. Poop floats RT : don't shit tho, it will clog the filter. FACT!
Champions keep playing until they get it right. ~ Billie Jean King
. my bff has an article on this subject coming out in soon....
road trip to San Antonio
im everybody see tht why i dnt talk to u haha
do u know which Game u u goin to I am goin the 9th I think
Boy from One Direction.
You lint licker!
They got plenty hello kitty stuff here would love it lmao
The best feeling in the world is when you can make someone's day !
Happy Valentines Day to the most amazing girlfriend in the world <333
Thanks ! We use your website as a resource all the time
oh, I get your road rage, I'm okay with that. I'm not okay with my mom not understanding one way streets.
Anybody want a puppy?
No need to buy a christmas present for He got one today
How do the Badgers only have 12 recruits?
night Morgan! 😌
I'll let you know what magazine it's from if I find it :)
I Want My Eyebrows Done .
-my phone just went ninja on me-_-
Sweet Freedom. . . I don't even know what to do with you!
Bill Clinton exacted revenge on for supporting in '08, by endorsing his opponent to victory in PA AG election
Dad ran over the crub looks at me and said "mackenzie why did you do that?" Lmao
I wonder what jesse learns in acting class.. (:
Boy I tell you nosey people gone get enuff
Congrats to our big homie on his 3rd career regular season MVP award! And you ain't done yet!
Ice Cream! :D
every since I could remember I been poppin my collar
Juliet second place is also really good!!! Its awesome you made it this far
TREND > Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) if your a true selenator trend it pleasee :D <3
Beats the hell out of plain-ol'-depressive...
Hate it when people only one side of the story
Florida drivers - reminding me why there are 49 other states I'd live in before I live here.
you in ATL?
hey friend! What are you doing up?
Okay. It was dumb to try to start some whole new health regimen at the end of a semester. My mind and body aren't ready for that right now.
Thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss on episode of #KickinIt I love it!
Maybe your crazy,just like me:)
'dammit i'm mad' is 'dammit i'm mad' spelled backwards. :D
oh Hiking on saturday morning makes feel god.....
We will be closed Mon 9/5 for Labor Day, and will reopen Tues 9/6. Enjoy the long weekend!
they wouldnt stop crying so it balanced out! Lol
hey where's you get your face? The toilet store?
A lot of us can't thank our Moms face to face anymore, but not a day goes by that I don't think about her and thank God she was my Mom!
Are you a parent or a caregiver interested in #Sensory and #Autism? Then join us for our Seminar Series! It starts tonight from 4:30pm...
Just got done with my amazing vocal coach<3 Can't wait for you guys to hear these tracks for my album #prettysick!<3
what is this "too much" time you speak of? ;) no such thing! ...anywho, thanks for all of the help! U rule!
Rock must have had a teleprompter
Gave a talk on minimally invasive facet fusion at #NASS2011 in Chicago. Hope everyone is enjoying the conference!
What shuld I do tonight ?
I'm sure you'll find plenty of places to enjoy the Gusto when you're here!
GAMEDAY!!! Home Opener for Coach Alexander and the Fins at 4pm in the Roger Strickland Classic! See You at Sessions Stadium!
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
Tonight is the first BUILD class in the new class room!
LOLOL at your twitter name ;)
LOL maybe you should make it harder next time! :) Thanks Drew!
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times. Never realized this.
A true challenge for some of us, but worth it! MT : Alarm set for 6:15 am. Up bright and early for the COM Open House tomorrow!
Thanks! RT : Yay! in the weeknight co-anchor chair on !
Sessions...man up and be aggressive. You acting like the moment is too big for you
Woohoo! Welcome to SF :) Give us a call when you're settled in and we'll give you an SF greeting!
i dont want to work this weekend :(
Baxter's dad bought us 3 paintball guns while on the way to the farm.
Shopping is better than sex. If you're not satisfied after shopping you can make an exchange for something you really like.Adrienne Gusoff
Hell yeah lol RT : Pac was on so much bullshit in juice lol
Must remember title of Strange Attractors from The premise looks interesting.
Mercy. RT : Sales & traffic to Knicks official online store are up more than 3000% over the last week.
Keep your feet ready, heartbeat steady
21 Jump Street, The Hunger Games, or Wrath of the Titans???
Get past the train to a red light. Damn, I'm just tryin to get to my destination, make that 2 red lights
When you see cute couples together and you just wanna push em in a deep hole:(! #JealousBecIWishThatWasUs <3
#Alcatraz is by far the best show on tv!
It's just perfect out for mowing the yard
so glad im off loans before this whole student loan crisis hits this summer
Team LEGACY welcoming to Tweepland Rock City!!!
Posting Flyers in Allentown, PA First one to send a photo of one to gets a $25 credit!
the 1st to the 11th unless I hit my "number" then ill stay the series.
#Rooney nice goal 11 more to go. Now there is some atmosphere
only the Broncos fans hating. Manning passed up on Gore, Moss, Manningham, Crabtree and that defense.
Job acquired. Apartment? Not so much..
Did they get it right when they made it big? Or just more wrong?
Each time a team scores a tTD, tweet the hashtag #TouchDowny to () & some will receive Downy products & Unstopable Fan Packages
sometimes i am Nina from Black Swan and my voice teacher is her/my mother.
I gotta say...I much preferred being on vacation.
at skool me & my friend were talking about the cutest couple. this is what happened. Friend: mehh i want a boyfriend Me: Me too Both: OMG
Middle aged asian man learning to ride his brand new red bike in my apt parking lot. This is ALMOST as good as watching The Core w
Boston market!!!!
Last chance to pick up tix for the show this thurs @ Altar Bar w/Marcy Playground! hit us up for tix!
I hate being bored and tired bad combination plus im watching the news
I just saw one of greatest fights I've ever seen. Thanks Dan Henderson & Shogun Rua!!
RT : Great mtg tonight w who spoke about stop & frisk, fair elections & DCA's assualt on small biz
that's like my 3rd favorite game, behind boggle and slug-bug!
Wow. Between Slash at the halftime show and Ozzy bowing out to Bieber in the Best Buy commercial, this is a sad super bowl for 80s rockers.
Start my security class wendesday#already!
People are seriously funny ... I'm not stupid
exactly..classless team with an ownership that is obviously jealous of #NYG success nd will do anything to get back the spotlight
Being jealous is another way of sayin you a Hater
unexpected #altmetrics discussion in our #idigbio breakout; glad to hear so much respect for info science, social science from biologists
Was it a tiara?
Thanks and let's stay connected! Cheers, -Carlos
Good Morning Chicago
your bio made me laugh lol that's crazy and funny! :-)
Amen to that. RT Congrats to and
God looks for steady growth, not instant perfection... www.youthcanlead.com
Tied ball game, bases loaded, 2 outs. This is what we live for! #softballproblems ⚾❤
excited to see you soon
I think I participated in happy hour every day! RT Last day of Starbucks happy hour... It' a sad sad day indeed.
didn't see the flip phone! too funny, he has a crap phone while most guys have watches worth the price of cars on
Now playing: James Brown - This is a Mans World! On the juke box!
I knew dis was going to happen :(
Do you know what tomorrow is?! GSA Spring Picnic day!! Starting at 5pm come by Valhalla for food, folks and fun. Forecast: 82 and no rain!
dope video!
I visited the NYC Public Library for the first time on March 13th. & the children's dept. librarians were so nice.
#Echelon3000 Tonight ! Live ! MMG TakeOver ! Ladies Free All Night !!!
show a piece of art
I hope they are not getting our hopes up...like they did with her movie
Need to finance new equipment? Ask your rep about 90 Day No Payment financing options.
I can't be the only person to have the miller park roof hotline on my speed dial, right?
#Assad hasn't lost anything - and wont. Viva #Syria, Viva Bashar al #Assad...<3 Not everyone falls 4 #propaganda. :)
Come on! Those leg kicks?! Wait. I'm not helping my cause, am I?
that's rude, use a utensil!
CAA tournament 1st round FINAL: UNC Wilmington 70 James Madison 59. UNC-W to face top seed Drexel tomorrow at noon.
There are some creepy ass people at Hurricane..
#rejectedpromthemes Cape Fear
We use Type to Learn at elementary, I see that keyboarding is important, but I'm not close to standard home row typing, I do ok.
BBQ on the mind. Hitting up tonight for dinner. Reservations needed?
Do you live in Denver and want to intern with #Bridge? Build your resume and get a free #IDELT course: .
That awkward moment when you accidentally drink something that could kill you... YOLO.
that's cool playa. A lot of life experience for you the past 6 weeks.
Two weeks. (:
I hope someone does
Here at the dealership and we are wrapping up the deal *thisclose* Unless you wanna knock more off? :) lol
Why can't they make all food organic..pink slime in ground beef??? can w say ewwwwww
AW. you two!
Omg! BbyReggie is getting more Bad each day
Willis McGahee is deserving of making the #NFLTop100, but I doubt he'll be there next year without the Tebow zone-read offense.
Hey : Kentucky leads Kansas 13-9... and Georgetown still sucks!
Hahahahahaha same!!! It was great! yours?
Thank you interesting lady eating what looks like raw chicken for keeping the bus driver at the stop as I run to catch it.
you should def go to Disney land tomorrow(;
aye bro rep follow and promote
lake house
if you often post such beautiful snapshots, you should send 'em our way! We like to RT to our followers. :-)
Thank you for the follow! Enjoy your tweets about life and
holy holy holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come <3
Feeling this one
can a #starCHaser get a bday shout out? Bumping "My Brain Is Alive" all day today
FRIDAY NIGHTS @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED & KITCHEN OPEN 21+
HELLO! DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MASARI GO THROUGH!!!!!!!! HEY! HYE!
Welcome to the family. glad to have you. xoxo-abbie
Hello, cold front! Maybe it's a good time to remind you good people that we've got plenty of indoor seating in our Annex!
I could see tebow in new England and getting converted to RB or used the way Minn uses Harvin
Gun ownership 'very difficult' despite Supreme Court rulings | Fox News via
Shower time :) but my dad just went in :/ grrr
Green Bay should change their decorations from Cheeseheads to Butterfingers! Their receivers SUCK!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Follow me :) Interesting new to come!
Thanks for the love, Gary! RT : #FollowFriday: A smattering of folks:
Thanks! It's good to be back. :)
At the same damn time.
Yoga Pose � An Introduction To Various Beneficial Poses
nothing much work work work.
RT "One of the roughest aspects of being a caregiver is the need to feel “in control”." by Judy Joppie fb.me/QCV7U9Zo
fav part of the night when you two decided the vault needed bouncers and you were the right men for the job.
Cooking dinner with and !
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
I'm really happy the Panthers are keeping Steve Smith around for awhile
TONIGHT! Knesset Member Anastassia Michaeli on my show 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen and spread the word!
is to as John Stockton is to Karl Malone... LOL!!!
Whoever has experienced this will understand. I think that all those who pray with at least a moderate degree of attention experience this.
you should be here.
in all seriousness did you work with Kai or Nick because that probably explains it. I had a young crew my last shift.
sleep then what's stopping you
I once visited my parents back in Australia (from US) without telling them I was coming; best surprise ever!
yepp everyone was okay thank goodness. we were lucky. could've been so much worse :P
Settling in to $BION and $HHII for the long haul
u should of played Wacka "No Hands"!
I've never been able 2 understand Y so many Black people are ashamed of the Image of God in which they were created.
ha. Family always first so its excused. Even the airport beer in Dallas doesn't taste as good! Cheering for DC United tonight
finally someone picks the Brewers but coming from #YCPB, maybe I shouldn't get too excited.
Looks great.
We have an NBA Season, BCS Matchup, Tiger Tournament Win & an Undefeated Packers Squad. What a interesting time for the sports world!
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
New Jersey Drive changed my life...
I'm cleaning my ears with a Q-tip and thinking of you
no, don't cry!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
RT "Really cool app to discover stuff around you. I love the "taap.it" button! It makes easier for users to use it #mobile #iphoneapps "
Actually yes i do, lol. Cuz the person who invited me was just wantin to have a good time n wasn't talkin bout no damn drama
but of course happy hour ended at 11 for me last night
hey there is no TIT for TAT with IW and SH games
I am
Hi im david where u from?
2.5 Men w/o is like w/o punching kicking & submissions. Dumb, pointless, and no1 will watch it. Ever!
Every1 watch the roomate its the best movie since avatar.dont miss it.
yeeeppp so excited omg lots of ppl are going are going to be there
Bummed I had to say "no" to "Can you pick up Steve Shaviro, Tim Morton and Ian Bogost at the airport tomorrow?"
the only thing good about having study hall is you can screw around on your computer
why clunker? that looks like maybe the best movie Tim Burton ever made!
I would love to visit your restaurant, where is it located?
Why is FOX a bunch of hypocrites for rw slant,and MSNBC not for lib slant.Is this a team thing? Is one always right(my team) ?
I sense a little sarcasm.
Pierce: "We're going to ride Kevin until the wheels fall off."
I swear parents are programmed to be embarrassing all the time
lol juicy snapped! listen to Macadelic by mac miller, he killed the entire tape
Have to consider effect of expanding compulsory schooling on students who actually want to be there.
Ref ruined our match tonight w/ red (2 quick yellows in succession for dissent). Hate it in the pros but Santa Monica Rec League? C'mon.
i think that honey is a magic foodstuff that literally NEVER goes bad if stored properly.
'you're a winner for a lifetime if you seize that one moment in time!!'
Esp. people from high school. RT : I get kind of embarrassed for people when I see the articles Facebook says they've been reading.
Keep up the good work! “: my trainer just got a shout out on the radio!!! Great #workout today! Thanks”
respect ,brother
same here looking at BET
Next school year we can be back together ?
because you're cool
Why not pamper yourself a little bit? We can help keep your skin glowing and healthy so you can concentrate on writing!
haven't been on here since last week OMG!!!!!ON ERRRTHING
Naw Ima blame it on The rain
BOY I THINK THAT I'M IN LOVE. WITH. YOU.
Bullying needs to stop it's pointless and solves nothing.
well I'm not.
#CatQuotes "are buffalo nuggets spicy"
Those kids are great! :)
Parents are gone who wants to come over?!
hm. I wonder who gave me that name.. probs the God of all ratchetness
lol in love!
I feel closer than ever to realizing my dream of owning a Mailboxes Etc. franchise.
how we're the nachos? hope you made it our way!
I'm riding around, I'm getting it
Washington has directed Henry Knox to inspect the artillery supplies of the army around Boston.
you ok there?
One game closer to bourbon street
goodnight alex(: please reply to me?! i would be the happiest girl in the world. <3 i promise.. pinky swear! (:
I can't believe today marks 5 months of Fiances!!
On Thursdays we funnel!!!
I SAY.
Love the #tasteofthetown in PSU/Bama game, shows a local favorite, would be valuable for diners drive ins to partner with expedia
Absinthe, Absinthe!
#Pratchett, Reaper Man. Oddly sweet Discworld tale of unemployed Death, his adventures, & the chaos & merriment ensuing from deathlessness.
combo of chickening out and wanting to get out of city to zipline whilst still here.
<<<sad sad ppl nothin' better to do then discuss the life and times of over twitter.
I could send you emails every five minutes. To try to knock that fear out of you. It's conditioning.
They changed the game by offering a good tool, rather than expecting their authors to use crappy ones.
_ social media networking has been a great way to meet vendors too!
Blogging, PR, enewsletters & conferences cited as ways agencies get new nat'l biz
Sorry for spammy just adding all my pictures <3
History help please!!! can someone be nice and plaease help me!!?
This lady is killing these crab legs
I'm going to owe SO much for what she's doing for me right now. THANKS LOVE! X (:
We're just days away from a whole new food experience in #Orlando www.Saffran.us
you're right...I'm human and made a mistake...please tell me NOW.
My on line kids are awesome. RT : Have I mentioned that I am also very proud of my "online kids".
the crowd was a bunch of 20 year olds there for Thrice though ;n;
how the fuck do u wake up at 2pm everyday, when the fuck is your spring break done?
#LMV see u soon!
Horns looking like a bunch of overmatched freshmen vs Cincy. NCAA hoop remake of "Reality Bites".
Fine how do u do ;))
RT“: Shoutout to the UW Hip Hop Summit sponsors this year:
dinner & a movie
No sex for you! No twinkie for her!
Advocate Chris Higginbotham is presenting on #Parkinson’s research for Durham, NC support group w/ coordinator Arlene D’Alli
I wonder if voice actors for first person shooter games experience a moment of panic/confusion when they hear the word "headshot"....
Confession time! In 8th grade I decided it would be a good idea to put LSL on the monochrome overhead projector in the computer lab.
Oh I just can't wait to be KING!
Going to a writing workshop this weekend in beautiful Port Townsend. The BEST of both worlds!
#DearOOMF Thank you, because YOU are part of
" I'd challenge RVD to a smoke duel." - With Sabu as referee.
!!!! "RT Um when is Akward Black Girl coming back??? These ABG shorts can only pacify me so much"
What It Do, How You Livin
have any recs for a Python/Pyramid PaaS now that ep.io is going away?
Betsey Johnson = love.
My neighbor is really cute..I don't remember his name tho..pretty sure I never heard him when he told me the first time..
The only thing that's been #np is The Talking Head's Life After Wartime. Gah I miss that band!
oh, whiskey and hummus, yes! But add wings! ;). Heart you!
Most unsurprising statement via Alexander supports school choice.
the claw is our master. The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
That was super awkward. Well now my whole entire stomach is making noises so I don't think it was actually ovary related.
From grant application feedback: "Judge X gave you a 10/10 for cohesion, a 10/10 for execution, and a 4/10 overall." Sweet guy, Judge X.
. don't forget show today at VFW at 29th and Lyndale until 5. Tell your followers!
that is most excellent news.
:) thank you for the opportunity to be a real friend. It's an honor and privilege.
Taxes are done... online is still my favorite online application...even though I only use it 1 day a year
good morning : Omw home from work..goodmorning twitter..say it back
Of course, we also work with any non-HubSpot content management system
The theme of the conference is "beyound aid research and innovation as a key drivers for health, equity and development
HAPPY EASTER! RT : "Teach not that I died in vain. Teach rather that I did not die by demonstrating that I live in you." -ACIM
Yes we could with Mitt Romney, but not you. You are horrible. Cheat on wives, sell out country. You are a fraud
when your boyfriend cries over you and you know that
is looking forward to our outreach concerts tomorrow at the Edison School and the Boston Arts Academy!
I love SB
no way, here's doing! I'm writing a novel with a woman as main character, attempting to change it all (no pressure ;)
So is it everything you dreamed it would be?
Yup, I reached a new height in cultural civility. Just microwaved some red wine that I had in the fridge.
RAISE THE MUTHAFUKIN JOLLY ROGER HOLY SHIT
I hate Bitchs that Dnt Txt back
It sucks to have to get out of bed this early on a day like today
dark eye shadow on dark eyes only brings out dark circles under eyes more.
#good new York
the plant in the background makes him look like he has a mohawk!
my mom is such a liar swear I hate liars such a stupid bitch fuck ya man
Bass is already 3-11 tonight.. it's only the second quarter.
Visiting the Greenmount West community meeting. Its great to see and catch up with everyone!
Deployed newest version of #galyn and waiting for thumbnails to generate. Excited.
& Most complex problems have simple solutions.
Dear Austin TX DOT, can you please warn me when my lane is suddenly going to be a turn-only lane? I could have saved at least an hour.
Hip Hip Hooray to the Gov Doc!
*sings in an amazingly soft and cellestial tone* it's the thuggish ruggish bone, it's the thuggish ruggish bo o o o oo oo onee
Just got another SXSW show confirmed. Tour's looking good.
my goodness!
Subject 2 Change is tearing it up!!!
Is there any way we can send her north of the border to you guys?
Also learned of GraphLab tonight. Map/Reduce in C++, specifically designed for ML, much faster than Mahout on Hadoop but...
what did my pussy say to your cock?
Today, for every tweet, fb update or blog tagged with #beatcancer, 1 cent is being donated to cancer research. Tell EVERYONE! #beatcancer!
what am I doing?? I'm twittering, what you think? Happy mothers day...
Tequila makes everyone happy!
mp3 ringtone maker. it's an Android app
Thanks for the cool write up. Glad you enjoyed the food : ) We'd like to invite you back - on the house! DM info plz
That just makes me ashamed I didn't think of Gallifreyan.
:) The way to get started is to stop talking and start doing. Walt Disney
I'm Ready To Start This New Life Soon. College Is Going To Be The Best
Shut Up And Shoot Me !
New friends!
aww thank you(:
Is working for ?
Game of thrones is, amazing.
#NationalSiblingDay we are proud to say we've accomplished more than ours.
I already said that LOL
But he is 6 months younger than LHP Barack Obama, who throws slightly harder.": Jamie Moyer 3 years older than Mario Lemieux."
": It'd be nice to go a day without some sort of drama happening" I hate being on Maury too.
Today feels like the first day of winter, brrrr!
Love's gonna make it alright
S/O to my New Special Follower!! <3
Don't you have a game to win today in beautiful Rockford?
Does your company have an amazing experience or activity that you would like to share? Become part of the zozi family in Calgary.
Cozette is all excited about #Willow the CO cat who was lost for five years and recently found in NYC! Meow! Meow! There's a #mystery!
Celebrating my brother's birthday with the family on our yacht today=]
Brought coffee y'all ;) lol
-- Unless Moustakas is facing Weaver, Verlander, Felix, Haren or Sabathia ... you start him and move on.
Sad to see leave Milwaukee. One of the first media people I met after moving here and he's been a good friend ever since.
. and - appreciate the RTs today! <Two great people to follow!
Feel like I got to chill at the cool kids table down in Columbus yesterday... Enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
Marlon in here playing your controller!
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
Fancy jeans store salesman dissuaded me from a certain pair "you have a long torso", such a lovely euphemism for chubby thighs!
I need to watch jumping the broom again...... Because I don't get it.... I'm trying but its not coming fast enough...
~lmao every parents favorite line!
eLearning stock graphics are perfect for building eLearning simulations and presentations. #elearning #stockgraphics #simulations,...
chilling & stuff..
Friend wrote on Facebook that is the sort of movie simple boys like so she didn't like it. Permission to punch, please.
#WeWontWork if you don't have a set plan about your life & where your going. A career is a turn on
"Born and bred in Brooklyn, U.S.A. They all me Adam Yauch, but I'm M.C.A."
sounds like a challenge
Why are you still sending naked pictures to people?
Noone plans a 2.5 day party like the GenPrez. He makes everyone feel important even when sitting in the audience. All things work together..
My last session is The World of Children's Apps. Hope it's a good one!
Social Media is the answer for human beings to return to humanity and end world poverty, mental disorders, jealousy, over self obsession.
karate in the garage?
Northwestern showed how not to close out an OT last night
I will. Don't worry. And We can decide tomorrow :$
What?? What did she tell you??
'I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows If I fail, if I succeed At least I live as I believe' R.I.P Whitney Houston
WIllard...A Different Rat
.......1178 dragstrip road. hudson NC 28638, i moved and i got a new address
#TRENCHERS! Call NOW! tix to the rapids show 4/10 & private KISS lunch & performance with the band that day!
but what if I am a Leoplurodon, only by nature a cousin to the Liopleurodon?
the sad part is the looks on there faces when we tell them they cant come in with out it...and they know the rules
Done! Chest and hamstrings are feeling the love. Great class. Thx.
I hear you. Just giving him the attention that he desires
Good discussion in class today, iConnecters!
About to read a non-sugar-coated response to my latest draft... Where's a bullet that I can bite?
I must be getting old.Each clothing store I shopped in today I was assaulted by loud music-made me jittery & tired-no purchases made-bummer!
I think you should follow me back? That would be amazing. (:
- If you think you have a 2.7 overall GPA and are passing 207, go ahead. Don't forget to apply to the program. 25 days left!
Oh I know you got it! You ready for post grad life? where you headed?
Philip Roth event at YIVO last night was AWESOME! Great panel, Roth read from Nemesis, I was able to speak with him after. Pinch me...
I think wants trent
Thanks for the follow! SCARS looks great. Quite a stew of material there, it seems! Congratulations.
Lardner: Technology transfer, sense of ownership for Africans for rapid adoption is key
There's nothing like seeing a tweet just below a tweet
You rocked it dude. RT : Nice to see you guys today; thx for coming to listen to my crap.
related match is on by default on site. Search for single kw to see exact or download one of the apps chrome, ff, hs).
Oops..wrong account! Well now you know my day job! I'm starting a line of vintage soaps packed with personality :)
Persistence is not complicated and you never have to do it all at once. Simply persist for a moment, and then for another and another-RM
It is March 18th and Snowing yet again in Portland. Where are you Spring?
I know.. Thats why I fell last time, member? Tripped over your scrotum.
New Post.
Listening to my favorite artists right now, Cody Simpson, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, and See Jane Rock! haha
you can do it!!! Too close to fail now! Nice job! 👍
I'm fine with that but not upchucking haha
I'm letting Dave from on my show soon, even though he doesn't follow me on twitter, becuase that's the kind of nice fellah I am
You can see a full list of accounts on ' TSR Sites list. They all follow back.
Thanks, all who came by this Taigating season and enjoyed good fellowship and great ZUZU Food. Don't be strangers and come visit 2222/Mopac
sounds like a good week.
thanks for the RTs
I've been feeling the same way. Walden was kind of useless too. Perhaps A. Chapman?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Disabled truck Southbound I35 at William Cannon on the service road in the far left turn lane
The interviews were due today? #fml I might not graduate -_-
Happy Easter Weekend Twitter World... Safe and Happy travels to all... Christos Voskrese
Good friends won't let you do stupid things...... Without them.
I've found that I'm someone that make jokes that people don't realize are jokes. But, I don't really say anything. I just carry on
another bull penis # tag. Lol. Baseball season just got awkward.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one now!
We're rocking the grand hall at the HMNS with our spicy poblano and corn soup at Big Bite Night!
Thanks for the RT. It is always appreciated. :)
Welcome back!
Hey happy birthday Ban-Joey! I'm picking one for ya this morning!
Who is Jerry hahahhahahaa
Making LOTS to restock inventory for upcoming craft shows! Making lip balm & lotion sticks now.
In the second edition, forthcoming in 2012: an essay on "Nature," by Cindi Katz.
Go Pack, go!
I know they're only a few real niggas... cuase I got mo haters then I do friends..
Sleep Number...you are aweome for dumping that assbag Rush!
This is #TheCorreiaInning RT : Marlins go up 3-1 in the fourth. Still no outs.
Last day of summer waaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Dang #Fakers & their paid refs. Welp, at least it's Mother's Day!! Seeing Stella will help heal my sorrow. I Love Mom!
I MUST BE PRETTY CRAZY HUH
#FF to all of the fans coming to the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest - we'll see you tonight as we kick off the big event!
Because a baby with earrings is a much better accessory than a baby without them.
Let&#39;s go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
I am being considered to work on "I, Alex Cross", 3rd James Patterson novel installment.
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
sorry i meant
February's gonna be a GREAT month—Just signed up to volunteer for the 45th California International Antiquarian Book Fair
im sorry im such a bad kid ._. gettin my phone taken away n shit...
Looking for a unique holiday gift, that your loved ones will treasure? Paul scouts out at the Annual Harvest Festival, Sat (12/18) @ 8:30pm.
Excited for tonight's #ADDY Awards! I'll be there repping with and 29 more!
Haha My Hair Gets All Tangled after I Swim :( So Consider Yourself A Lucky Ducky! (:
but I'm cofounder/CEO at and very happy to answer any questions you have! :)
3 Pain Specialists on Shaping Pain Management Healthcare Policy - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
hoodie tweet was hilarious
yeah!! But shhhh. Haha my mom actually found it because we were looking at ai info. Allstar is on 8/4 and AI is on 8/13
if I get good at it I fully plan on pushing canned gifts on everyone
My pleasure: Hope you are well!
Its friday night man....i should be outt gettin my drankk on! Being sick suXx! Plus Not being able to sleep « «
