"How can I meet the mayor of Oman because he'll want to meet me."
Do you have empathy? An openness for growth and understanding? A great start!
Walker is like Bagdad Bob. Their are no Americans in Bagdad. As US tanks roll past in the shot.
People are so stupid.
Avoid anti-inflammatory drugs/supplements post workout. Inflammation is the first step to muscle hypertrophy which leads to muscle growth.
My brothers flipping out over American idol. Chill out trev, its just a show.
HTTP://www.infatuationclothing.com
With #lumen great night.
Had a great time with at the studio tonight. Funny s&%t!
No law enforcement agencies have unlimited jurisdiction.
poor Brandon...
Thanks, Susan! And thanks for listening last weekend :)
Lol Girl It's So Many It's Crazy & They Don't Play When It Comes To Him
Not worried bout it... ^_^
just talking to George sellers about your candle, when I come to Paris in sept for shows we must dine w DL and u!
I believe!
RT UNDERSTAND U MAKIN UR MONEY BUT WE NEED OUR QUEEN DIVA BAC HOME...U R MISSED ill b home Sunday thanks! Missn it
Kulov Tea Festival, May 13, 14, 15 in L.A.. We'll be there, will you?
i ant to die, ihave a 750 class should i go fmlhate every1 ronniepryoor next door 2me ibegged him not to hurt me like this
Sure glad that Arsenal came through with the victory in their CL match today - go Gunners!
Y'all are still gullible bitches. No one is as gullible as Kaylee though.
The #law of unintended #consequences: THEY EXIST.
Thanks! Great job yesterday :)
in related news, I bought a screaming slingshot monkey toy for $4 today. Seemed like a good investment.
I hate when ppl tell me follow them. You have a better chance in following me first cuz I will never do it
Anniversary lunch at and picked up chocolates at after. Great afternoon so far.
“ You can't fight love, cause it'll kick your ass if you try lol #realshit”
and you to mime :)
just asking..... anyway i amtoo
In concert intermission in Europe I told a well-known soloist he was flatting. He was not happy. I didn’t care He was better after that 
fuck yea u could... Very hott
He would just be an average NBA player if he couldn't jump like he does.
YEP ...he has to look good with it though Example: Rick Ross
Thank you very much. Checked out your site and I like it. I'll visit frequently and participate.
sure!:D
In the last 2 minutes, it's been an amazing social experiment. It's my birthday but I had no idea how many people would respond.
Actually in bed at 11:30 on my day off.
Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT
Aw look at my fav little Pisces man!!
Here is a simple but powerful rule …. always give people more than they expect to get. ~Nelson Boswell
I want one!
Congrats on the entrance - Looking forward to joining the discussion! /CC
#cosign RT Thank you Maurice Sendak for all the incredible childhood memories & bringing my imagination to fun & exciting places.
hahahah apparently. that's prolly gona be me when im that age lol
people who 'like' their own facebook status updates, to you I say, "bravo"
Just read a couple of Feynman's books. He was smarter than the rest of us.
AT WURK HIGH ASS HELL JUS ATE ALL THA VALENTINE COOKIES UP BAHAHAHAHAHA
So true! Community engagement isn't just for some library staff. Everyone must b working on this!
Getting bullied? stick something in their butthole......there is no come back to being penetrated
It's my birthday. :-)
Excuse me while I go punch my sister in the face! Ugh cry baby!!!
If you follow me i will love you forever,btw I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!!!!!
What the fuck happened to ricky ross.
what happened to the pygmy hippo?
Dont you just LOVE us?! I <3 U! Follow me! Gonna meet you on April 20th ! <3
Attending our semi-annual Information Technology Professional Half Day...bringing together centralized and decentralized IT
I cant handle you anymore oh yeah I'm pissed at you!!!!!
I don't have any recommendations, but this plan sounds pretty amazing.
#cheers 2 U!
Women rocking our playlist right now: and CocoRosie
Don't you be holding back your love, because in the end girl your gonna want another round'
#cybermonday Why not name every day after a different shopping opportunity? #toolstuesday (#consumercalendar)
It's a little embarrassing how much I like it!
I kindof want a
ay que twitter. Que le pasa?
I've noticed all my student friends have disappeared into the #springbreakzone when will they return to earth?
Slobber Snaks in the oven...who's ready??? 🐶
Evening out my walk with a Famous Daves burger and fries
Sarah Palin, undeniable proof of the failure of the American education system.
ciao vidal sassoon. you gave me the best haircut of my life.
is it a better rotation than healthy philly?
yep, I like them! Good looking out!
lol what happened last night?
Well excuse my carisma
I 2nd the welcome!! Can't wait to see you!
Having a fabulous time in #sanfrancisco with
So, takes forever to upload videos now...has anyone else found this to be true?
I love how and are talking about toothpaste. Yea that's right I said toothpaste.
Let's get 40,000 #followers. He's a good dude!!! CEO of Shop today!!!
Ok, if I donate to public radio will they stop telling me to donate to public radio?
Come on Teblow!!!!
They aren't just verbs or adjectives to describe random shit. Usually in a derogatory or callous way. I mean, c'mon, people. Let's do better
no worries, it's the British one.
you'll have to let me know when you cross the pond!
I cannawt wait for this Christmas! Christmas in New York City, with only Issac as a guardian, hosted by moi!
enjoying #interviewtip december grad edition (DGE)? they continue all month long to help you search for your 1st career! :)
Rise to the occasion
Bruce Edwards: God is DANGEROUS with an unsafe goodness. (#autocorrectfail)
I meant sponsors, vendors, sauce contestants. However, we will fill contest-judge seats on a FCFS basis.
I hate being in the grey.... why can't things be black and white sometimes?
would rather be laying out then doing this paper.
I'll shamelessly promote you then. Read ,
you said you didn't wanna play because your poor ankle was hurt.
pot brownies for breakfast :D
That bald, fat piggy "Montgomery" is the lead instigator and escalation point. Works for General Services and is a fucking asshole.
lol it's all love Indy
If you've ever gotten excited about something because the number 420 was written somewhere on it, we would probably get in a lot of fights.
I wish he would stop calling me.
Chris Davis is 1st guy in MLB history to go 0-for-8 with 5 K's and be the hero of the game
as if this dog remembers how he got into this suit hahahaha
Thanks for mentioning us! Home Grown Learners is an awesome site.
Glad it all came together! Please be sure to take pictures too.
I think because of my Klout power in #helmet :-) There were some cool mens hats at
UVA in the finals for the College Cup! UNC playing a man down against Akron right now tied with 10 minutes to go in regulation.
Let me guess....Apple Earnings Soar by 118 Percent in First Quarter?
Shower, the Heather's, pictures. PROM TONIGHT! Six Flags tomorrow. :) This weekend is going to be great!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.- Albert Einstein
“: Damn skippy. Females aint ripe till they hit the 30s “ Quis likes Cougars tho””oh...u r so special.
bruh I walked by it like 6 times and really contemplated on taking that whole box
You humble me, Lord....reading "one thousand gifts"...and trying to be strong.
You talking about the book or its companion documentary? Either way, agreed.
I'm lucky enough to know him personally and yes have seen him in person! He & my brother are great friends. LOVE..
Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31 #cowboys legends vs new players proceeds going2 Cedar Crest Salvation Army info ->
Phil Mushnick is an asshole and needs to be fired
Back in the action finally! At Conseco Fieldhouse watching the Indy Karting Classic
lol gets banned from stickam hops on a friends account and does it all over again thats what i call a G.
you never use twitter anymore--lame!
Bored and nervous.
Thanks for checking out my tunes too :-)
It amazes me that people can live somewhere for 9 months and still not know the address...
Thank you dear, and backatchu!
MR (): "Smaller sports, soccer in this country, extreme sports, MMA work hard w/social media. It's been great for us"
Love my crew great night you all Rock
Partly due to correctable mental mistakes - like all of the offsides penalties. : It's over. Lions defeat the #Bears 24-13
Fun fun great food
Is expecting something...
If I win Mega Millions, I will buy an Island and recreate #LOST... who's with me?!
"I'd touch her boobies"
Time to paint.
anyone out there going to Red Seven tonight? i need a show buddy...
Everywhere I go...i see beautiful people. Love this song.
#homelesshumans NEED PERM HOUSING NOW!!! not in 10 years or more!
ON IT.
“: Kandi will be on WWHL 3-4-12! We want a fun guest like Jackee' make it happen”
6-9 pm Club Rain 9933 Greenfield. The after party is at destiny lounge 20143 greenfield ladies 2 for da price of 1 till 11pm. $5 entry!!
The awkward moment when your making a milkshake and all the boys come to your yard(:
i get work tomorrow... but im stuck with you i hope this time i punch your face instead of the wall
"Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see."
The Destruction of the 4th World opens this Friday at PushPush. Murray Mednick script. Film by Jeremiah Prescott and a 13 year old protag!
have a great weekend, Brooke.
your not the only one lol:) RT : It's weird how I can make myself laugh??
I want to fly in and have that waiting to pick me up.
today as a particularly concentrated microcosm of the larger characteristic. it's amazing how fast things change and happen.
it's friday girl. why so angry today?
Sorry man, already cut it! Thanks though!!!!
nerd alert
music is a way of life. not a life of music. let it flow out your soul or you are a body lifeless of the way.
thank you. I haven't updated it in quite some time. Gotta get back on my blogging grind.
forgive me sir for sleeping on ya skills! This REACH album goes bro!!
dang, look at all those trombones!
I'm gonna do it
There's still time to make changes to your body and wellbeing before the holidays (so you can look and feel your best for the inlaws..)
Don't forget the lyrics! Over the _____, To grandmother's house we go! #ChevyFun w/the
Wow this paper is crap lol
Nice meeting you last night @ the showcase. You left with a Dave The King CD. Let me know if you'd like to set something up
yup and it was with just a point and shoot!
Happy 15th Birthday! Were has the time gone? It seems like you inspire me more and more each day. Happy Birthday! <3 xox
I'm good how r things with you.
Family Marketing Inc. to Change Name to EverydayFamily, Inc.
Suspect in 1995 Deltona rape, Witar Luangamat, has been extradited from Arkansas and arrived in Volusia County at about 1:40 p.m.
Can't believe Rob and Kristen might get married.
Because they're happy to see anyone new?
Great pick up for Chicago. But he IS an asshat! He's a wife beater, and thats the worst thing you can possibly be!
Let's go heat!! Came home just in time to watch the last 5 min
Working a carnival in the freesing cold....
THEY ONLY RT SOME PEOPLE -_-..
ooh, good idea. thanks!
Thanks! We are online only, no brick and mortar
Welcome & thanks I'm excited about the exchange.
Trader Joe's Speculoos! Is what I ate for breakfast and now, lunch.
I think he was asking if I was an international Costco member, like, not from around these parts.
Always cool to read #FNIchat... much learned..
pssssh! What time you going today?
lol yes they definitely know smh
For real, why do you have to tell me something like that? Here comes the over thinking.
way to be positive! :) RT : Hit the wall at full speed. Finished 15 minutes off of goal & 6+ off PR. But life as a...
RT will focus on using emerging tools & technologies to acheive MISSIONS more efficiently & effectively
thank you for coming out had fun with you
The Veterans Open Support Group meets each Friday at 4:30PM (1030 E Brady St) Details at www.dryhootch.org.
My daugther, 8 1/2 yr old, Chloe is hosting a back to school sleepover for the 2nd year....80's themed...mom loves that but my nerves won't!
Sans Souci here we come come say hello Ventura!
The risks of making your own sushi include getting Ikura (salmon eggs) in your hair.
So I joined this casting agency for film background work and they're really working me... Haha.
Hey El Paso! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Miss you!!!! See you next month!
. can we interview you tomorrow for on mashable?
Not everyone should wear green. Just saying.
Finally getting to do one of my fave things... sitting down and catching up on #digital #interactive #agency news.
After 10 years of drinking coffee I've discovered that I'm a "slurper". Yes, I'm THAT guy.
please follow my niece ;)))) she's your biggest fan
So proud of my goddaughter, she's 7 yrs old & she's already learned to defend herself.....
did u do the homework???
Moving some big ol' files with TransferBigFiles
Man I feel like driving all the way to Brooklyn, NY for some good ass Jamaican Food!
At the museum
what time?
This is my football tweet.
we did I thought no
Both impressed and amused by ladies able to go through an elaborate make-up routine on the bus.
At #smcsea, throws up a full slide photo of looking good as usual.
I hate facebook....
Baseball at Fenway is a little like racquetball. Let's go Os!
you aint getting them back!.(:
Haha! Maybe that would've helped:)
A good portion of his career was built on Tim Burton movies though...
Love isnt love without the person that you care about.
liver is all yours but I'll fight ya over the gizzards.
time "run on the BIG Banks" and deposit money into Local banks or Credit Unions
Hopefully this phone doesn't give me any more problems. I just want to have a working phone. Is that too much??
Being sick deffinately does not help this situation.
many thanks for hosting, its was a great meetup! you have a great space and look forward to seeing it when its complete!
what are u doing in SA? Any events that i could attend to get your John Hancock! :)
Two 85 plus old ladies, reuben rischall and bulls game, victory, awesome
Yeah, I am weird. But then, normal is boring. LOL.
#Germany Can have vices & be a good general. Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/kindle
he's tall. He got an adorable accent. His personality is amazing. I didn't mention any names but we all know Liam popped into your head ;)
what's the deal
You can bite my ARTISTIC STYLE, but never steal my SOL!
I'm gonna love you until my last breath... My last sigh
Awesome article in the Sun! I hope you all get a great response!
i love waking up and then putting on music by , i love you so much justin i wish you'd follow me<33
lol she's ma momma in my heart 
What are you supposed to say if you have Chris Brown as your Blackjack dealer and you need another card?
#2manycomebacks2this so leavin it @:AGREED RT : No such thing as too much fun ;)
#WhatAWomanNeeds is me, for love respect, protection and attention...money is another story ; )
doing some great things in mobile, and there is lots of trivia and puck tossing prizes, thanks Golier
that was you?? Shit I didn't know lol. Cause I was listening to music and didn't really hear you and I thought you said are u high
“: karleeelovesyou happy birthday :)” thanks :)
$10 student rush tickets for tonight's performance of "You Can't Get A Decent Margarita at the North Pole". Come on down and join the fun!
Tim Green's mom hooked him as a reader with a .25 garage sale book. 'There's a book for everyone.'
awkward. I'm going sunday
7M on treadmill? U start doing serious mileage like that, & I recommend going outdoors. More enjoyable! Bummer about ur knee :(
I love u tho 😘
I stand corrected..
It's amazing what kind words or a simple smile can do.
true - once asleep, I don't want to get up, but once awake, I don't want to sleep.... maybe I just don't like change? :)
i've been to the library three times. tried to study there one time, but fell asleep. other two times, it was just to use the bathroom.
bailey and madison are def. not girl names to me c:
Now following back :)
I just devoured that.
Commercial developers! Look no further. We have all your social media and online marketing needs covered.
Golly, Spurs why can't you make your FT's. We have nothing but shrimps on our team who stand around watching the Mavs score! :(
nun. School borning even though I am out of school. Lol!
Keplar calculated elliptical orbits of planets around the Sun after years of puzzling what gases might cause erratic patterns around Earth?
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
I just can't get enough
#lovenhiphop they al bad. Straight up
"only game 2"
OMG...you walk on the wild side! LOL
Football in the rain, let's go Fire
I get the most random songs stuck in my head. This morning it was the macarena, now yellow submarine?
I think is the sexiest white boy EVER! Something about his badass presence...
Welcome to my new followers. As I always say, buckle up & enjoy the ride!
The door flew open!
F'ing manager made me move to accommodate f'ing Duke fans.
thanks for retweet!
Good stuff! Thanks for sharing! Looking for rare funk? Sold my rare funk a few years back. Harder to find now!
Said our 2 year old to my wife as we were saying goodnight tonight... "I colored on the couch. I wasn't supposed to."
SI, SIGNORE! #ONIONS with the marinara sauce!
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
I kind of had to explain that the series was an on-going.
Probably gunna gain at least 10 lbs tomorrow..
metaphorically speaking of course.
A piece of ass will never run my life. It ain't that serious. Then again if you ain't getting it or use to getting it then I can understand
Good morning! Did anyone stop by for a healthy breakfast? Our Mornin' Melts have less than 200 calories! #SUBWAY ftw!
Exactly the same here. I hate the way the Rangers play, and how over-hyped Lundqvist is. Faces like 15 shots per game.
Ah the pandora for android app is life changing
Got politics in your future? Don't miss Political Boot Camp on Sat, Oct. 15. Register by this Fri for discount. www.lawyersclubsandiego.com
Big part of the game plan for Mavs will be their ability to get back in transistion. OKC loves to run and advance ball...
Irony: sketching out a blog post about the death of print, then opening my to discover it celebrates the printed word.
i can,t wait
Shout out to my boy and fellow grad on hitting his first HR this year for the #Dodgers. #youaretheman Congrats!
Keynote speaker Lou Holtz:Don't strive for success,strive to be significant (in other's lives). graduation
yeah for once. It's nice to see the Cubs do something right...
This is way too much power for me! he he
Over 50% of Americans think climate change will be harmful--but later.
No matter how may times I watch #Matilda its still my favorite movie.
": You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)" aww thnks Kendall can u do something special for this cover girl like a follow
and that you do Alright Alright you gonna learn today. I love that movie. you are the best.
Sup Steven!
and bridesmaid dress shopping of course.... *girlish shrieking*
Not sure if i still there - a bar in valley called Residuals that would cash any resid check under $1 and give you a free drink!
Monopolybread live right across the street bout to see if i can get them for my graduation party and some Gogo bands
A great second day at , followed by an evangelism meeting with folks from Getting excited about the future...
yo! Roll it!
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food,
#NashvilleTn getting it right. Watch #weightofthenation on
BOUT TO MIX SOME SH*t!!!! MONEY is the motive but #iSupportKC 4real!!!
C'mon dude, if Al Gore said it, it has to be 100% true.
Antiphanes~ Poverty is the schoolmaster of character.
Fuck Feinberg and his idiots in DC. As Robert Menmoshe calls them: "teh crazies dwon in DC." True statement. Fuck DC and their laws
SAN-DEN-ICT
Is that an age crack?! I'm irked I can't locate the blog from 2000.
Body ovr PC fresh #veggies are essential to preventing #diabetes, but #spinach, #collards and #kale are full of minerals
George #Zimmerman has a
WOW! Daughter is talking mad trash to Cubs fans!!
Sorry Andy- Sean
I'm in such an awesome mood. For the first time in a long time! :)
Why they just start shaking on the floor like a dead fish? Cuz when ppl catch the holy ghost it look just like an exorcism to me.
Take me away
This weather is making me want to nap so hard.
Today's agenda: nap and actually work ahead on homework for once
Well...I don't think Andy would die to protect the paper union.
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
Im so proud of you!! Muwahh!! :)
I fight authority and authority always wins.
Bumping and singing in the car with him :)
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Is it me? Or does the rose man at every club look like an out of work porn star?
What the hell is going on anymore!?
Just realized my surgical incisions covered by #BluesClues bandaids are healing faster than the others with regular bandaids...
What I bought on iTunes today: Carrie Underwood's single "Good Girl" & Dr. Dre's Chronic 2001. Yes, I'm serious.
I might agree on watching the replay, but live, maybe I'm biased
you are killing me. Now what did you do?!
my throat has never hurt this bad ever in my life.
If I walk into a room with motion sensor lights and the lights click off, does that mean the universe is trying to tell me something?
so we need to get more sponsors, where do we meet them?
No problem! Thank YOU! :)
do u have vacuum envy?
What kind of teacher sends out lecture notes at midnight? A big fat slacker.
#erl12 Compact for open-access Publishing Equity a public multi-institutional signed document to call for open access instead of subs
you're following the wrong account, hit me up on I want to chop it up with you about something
You know you're in Florida when... on the first 10 miles on I-95, you pass 3 Dodge pick-ups with monster tires and 2 abandoned cars...
Dont want to go to work today -- so much to do, dreading finishing it.
this needs to be emphasized because all our work as humanists is situated, embedded in larger communities, in webs of collaboration
seems to be a common theme among responses.. OK read but awful writing
This will be weird
Almost ready for tonight...
Old Blubber Hops is having a lot to deal with. Things are different for her now, she can't control everything.
this bitch is gonna annoy me so much..
RT : Woody Allen news! Josh Brolin joins Oscar winner Anthony Hopkins in the ensemble cast for Woody Allen's next picture.
Have you seen www.gracieuniversity.com? Super slick... very well done.
Some good run at the JC but now I have a jammed finger on each hand
another fight with mom... #whenwillitstop?
My chest hurt now
Today is SO lame.
Misplaced trust and old friends. Never counting regrets.
Black people can't be so stupid as not to support this President. Cut off your nose and spite your face!
acually i take back the last part there just stupid o_O
Requested: Observers for a gov #usability test Nov. 16 from 9-1:30 p.m. in DC. Email for info.
Steve Blake!
Whenever he doesn't talk to me, in my head i'm like: "Fine. Just don't talk to me." Then when he does talk to me, I don't want him to stop..
Booking promo models. This Saturday. Clearwater. 3-11. $125 clear. 21 or older. E-mail pic & info to
Evan isn't reponding as quickly since he does so in between crashes.
Still feels a little like a dream come true.
don't panic!
Welcome to Twitter!
Right now I wish I had phone # so I can talk to him or have some type of communication way to talk to him :( <3
I can do a instgram Zaona , I just need to find the app -sara(:
No turn-key solutions for science, even major big data companies (Google/Facebook/eBay) all roll their own. Still have a ways to go
How could the dolphin afford to buy a house ?He prawned everything !
You Know Me...She Came At Me First Wanting Attention
Still shaking from the tremors earlier! #ny #earthquake - enjoying a drink watching
Step boys :}(
thanks for the RTs!
Wow, sad & shocking. We have forever been changed by his design & innovation. Steve Jobs-a legacy & inspiration that will always live on.
“: Gym bound.... #TeamFitness” do work!!
caffeine, i'm counting on you.
WHERE IS MY COPY OF #TFIOS I WANT IT NOW.
no dm me ok
you are a stud of all studs my brotha!!!
love youu too !
Today is soul music day in the salon. #NowPlaying Softest Lips by #EricRoberson. Can't wait for his new CD to drop next month!
"its hippy-hop, yeah what a breakthrough!"
Thx for following Josh! Be sure to check out for the latest in #mktg, #adv, #pr & #graphicdesign!
i live in L.A
well, be careful. lack of sleep can make one cranky
"Dont talk to strangers!" -my mom
Me too! #stfu Love you!! Xo RT : Stupid ppl annoy me.
I felt super good about it, even though my head was spinning a little. Glad to have you there. Soon you'll be here. :)
Missed blocked called ... Hm
w.e way u wanna take it
How could this not be trending?!
Wandered into an AMA to occupy 30 min, turns out to be with the guy who invented the wiki. Cool.
we need to get in a dartball league..its like how you become a man in my family
No words have ever been truer. It is ALWAYS the weekend. Just ask brands like &
oh....I KNEW THAT I WAS JUST TESTING YOU... &haha thanks(: your nice(ish)(;
same bro
“: Cause everytime I hear that song; I go back.”
We're taking suggestions from our awesome Kenichi fans! What is something you would like to be featured on our new YouTube channel?
Thank You, God loves you
Morning =] I have a french speaking test in an hour, so nervous ;/
I am watching my strangest addiction and this girl is obsessed with makeup and spends 4000.00 on it a year DAMN!!!
haha no i dont hate you Brooke
: Shield that screen while you're tweeting out in the open...
Why why why are some people so cute??? Ugh.
your pics in this series are so beautiful, I kind of want to paint them. Stunning use of b/w, Ben.
25 mile bike ride -> chocolate milk.
life is a wonderful thing even though it may seem complicated at times
If you change ur pword, disconnect and reconnect 3rd party apps and delete any tweets with suspicious URLs you should be good!
I'm really pissed that off that none of hockey channels are working!!!!
life is 2 short to be wasting it by been a jerk to others
": “: my nigga” might wanna jump on the remix if you'll do it"can't wait to hear that is y'all down
Couldn't sleep (on east coast and have to get up early) because I had a feeling we just might win.
MAN I SEEN THE FINEST GIRL IN THIS WORLD AT THE SALVATION ARMY YESTERDAY >>>>>>> On everything I gotta go find her and propose
Hush, hush. I heard a sound come from the ground. All of the trees are a buzz, talking in tongues, talking with lungs, talking with freedom.
Thanks for following me! :)
Ok, remind me again, who is the intended audience for #DarkShadows? I mean, outside of Depp, Burton, and late 1960s gothic soap opera fans.
and Robert Horry.
Tony Romo back in the game w a broken rib! #dedication Colt McCoy is somewhere confused & shaking his head.
“: Not being able to get any cutty <<<<”that's that hurt tho
attending ITIF FCC National Puposes of the NBP forum
I feel like playing Halo.
you are really cute(:
I'm a city boy!
#edchat = ex of free online PD
That's my birthday!!
School w/out today... and I are dyyiinnngg...
Burnt pussy ain't shit RT : can I throw it on the foreman???
Doing fine so far :)
Lets get one thing straight. Favre is NOT retiring. This is about wanting to be wanted.
Mayor Gray: “On behalf of the people of our city, I thank Mayor Adrian Fenty for his service to the District.”
same day as the Hot Chelle Rae concert. I'll have to watch it in line!:D and yay, I can't wait to see what their next cover is!
damn i aint even noticed u tweeted me.. wasssup with u
From my older Catholic family members, to my friend's kids, I can see so much support for Gay marriage.
Glad that Apple's new iBooks Author app doesn't just embrace-and-extend ePub, MS-style. Then again, an iPad-specific ebook format? Meh.
Lol, super late.
Thanks for the follow. Right back at ya!
Pretty crazy right now! Gas outages in various parts of town.
and my dear....fairy godmothers have wings~~~~~~ don't you know that? how do u think Mr AOL got 2 ur door!!!!!
Want myself a good ol'
New categories being announced tomorrow!!! TFFOC.org
The 2nd best part of last night besides the win was how amused was by the tussle between the cops and the streaker postgame
I remember getting so mad at people who talked bad about Tim Tebow! hahaha now that's love!
Thank u Lord for everything
i followed last time and didnt get a shoutout -____-' but anyway ok
I've heard they can take months to ship anything. I'd stay away.
Nice to meet you! 1st heard of your co in '02 as a recording clerk, sent your morts to WAUK RoD. Enjoy your radio ads :+D
haha yeah. Allyse finally did it.
Thanks mom for Zombie strippers movie!
im the type of girl that likes to wear shorts, ugh boots, and a sweatshit when its cold outside. <3
95 degree weather happened!
“: I'm at Club Lucky (1824 W Wabansia, Chicago) - thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoy your time!
Glad to hear it's not just me. I gave it my best shot, but I just don't like it. Have a great G+ free weekend.
Because I'm an idiot. Should be
...talking about web presence..type "Cavatappo" in Google-Images and see the results....
Watching George Lopez ;} you?
We must learn to live together as brothers or we will perish together as fools - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
For those who dont know what happened to Sean Kingston, he was hospitalized after a jet ski crash in Miami yesterday and was in critical
Rain rain, go away.
Waiting for food, popup vegetarian Korean place inside the hi ho.
So what's your Pobox now ?
thanks man hope the jams were Good!!
Lol my house light way smackin
shift your culture.
I might put that in my bio.
Our warmest day will be tomorrow as temperatures soar into the 50s. #KSTP Thanks Patrick Hammer.
Why are there no Ancient Rome fiction titles for kids? Lots of Ancient Greece but hardly any Rome. Where are they hiding?
I'm coming to visit you today and you better be there!
keep hitting those skins
#NoEmailDays - encourages users to use voice #communication, gets groups together. Results; reduces email traffic!
Happy thanksgiving! I'm thankful for My Girlfriend Michelle(: I Love You babe!!!
Macy is the best girl on earth. - you know.
China Lodging Group, Limited Appoints New Chief Operating Officer
Not to be rude but, I really don't care.. like, at all.
However you'd like to interpret it really. Just thought it was an interesting question to pose
How can you sleep with the knowledge that you will never be able to read every book in the world.
Yeah!! Let's make that happen!
Freshly painted bedroom. Thunderstorms. Solo (fantastic) vegan dinner. Red wine and magazines. Can I have another Sunday please?
Seeing a female naked is nicesss but seeing the woman u love sleepin in one of your t-shirts is truly beautiful
For my #hrhappyhour friends have you heard the Blessing White survey about how 64% of employees, if given a chance to move jobs, would move?
is that why you joined WIM?😱
Thanks for following !
Of to school to print pictures so I can rip them up and make photo collage. My 5 year old self would be proud.
ITS BEEN AWESOME<3
Getting the early drop on Germanfest in Milwaukee.
Hunger Games with and Mama Akerlund :)
thanks for sharing the event and court theatre!
Happy cinco de mayo!
I'd volunteer, but my hair is too big to fit under a derby hat properly. RT : I need a clone.
seriously spellcheck, how the hell can you not have "tournament" as one of the auto-correct options?
Raiders? Halfway through now, so great. Wonder if it'd get made today?
#MusicMonday Add some artists/comedians that are coming your way!
tasted your chips for 1st time @ Fremont Fair in Seattle this weekend. Really liked them. Feel free to send me samples 4 my store
ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha
miss you my lil nig had to check on you
Per your last caller, I think Miles Davis would make a terrible receiver for the
we love you here!!!! you should come to new jersey!
Thank you for the free cranberry scone this morning!
DC: MAYOR - Imma start listening to yall. At least for the next 12 days! After that, it's business as usual. Stand in line FRAT, U NEXT!
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a wonderful weekend!!
#AnikanSkyWalker never would have become #DarthVader if #Marijuana were
that waffle house tweet is dedicated to the one I love. At least my jam is avon.
Wanna hear a joke about my vagina? Never mind, you'll never get it:)
Does anyone out there still use Lard???
at least it wasn't in studio A live room. :-/
Many foot disorders in #dogs are related to long toenails. Check your dog's nails once a month and trim when necessary, avoiding the vein
the last time i checked, to be cool doesn't mean you have to be a jerk...
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout the right start to your week with some marketing materials! 5 Free posters with flyer order! 720-542-6105
"This is the #Tunisian Spring...NGOs must have expertise on the unique experience of each country’s revolution“-Ilyes Zine
stay out of trouble
Whats time have to say about it haha
Class 1A: Detroit Lakes will make its first ever appearance at state. South St. Paul is making its 12th, searching for title No. 5.
Poll: How will Virginia football fare against Idaho??
Hope so RT : Will there ever be another: Big L, Scarface, Biggie, Pac, UGK, 50cent, Devin the Dude, Too $hort, Nas??"
My room is so hott!
I don't even know how to use it. All these pound signs.
Now let's see what Kobe talkin about, ya'll have a gnight
Headded to polling place to vote NO on #Amendment1 (and choose among a few dems in primary races).
Ckuz I could spend forever with you.
? Bob, I had a great red blend & my husband Kerry had a bold Cab by the glass! So fun, thanks for the response!
I feel like I just saw Elvis perform.
Sitting in front of a 5 year old who kicked my seat almost the whole flight = birth control.
The email I just read was crazy
I want to talk to my twin!
“ "Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." ~ Denis Waitley”
oh yeah? The food is good I like it.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #sportsteams because we are the reigning Superbowl Champions until Feb 5th.
Ya ex thought his dick was the key to ya hearts treasure chest. I unlocked it with my love and treated u like a princess.
Yes all good for sure
I have no interest in this but if anyone is interested in a hack to get Facebook timelines TODAY, compliments of tcrn.ch/pxT5Jn
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
And there's snow outside, sticking. Wtf * 2
hold up I said that before the series!
bring on summer!
The beginning :-)
Lol RT Music is like candy...you have to get rid of the rappers before it's good.
Jesus has that effect on people
with my homegirl at #best of detroit party. who else is here??
thanks Nancy. I always catch the general session and look forward to Seth Godin's talk
5 books a week - 2 theory, 2 lit, 1 monograph - from now till December. And I am SO PSYCHED. Muji pens and notebooks are at the ready.
GOING TO URUGUAY!!!
go Titans!
Massive headache and I feel like crying :/ wtf
Modern Macrobiotic cuisine...I think my chi is finally in balance.
it was phenomenal. I have it on the dvr. Really hoping stevie wonder & friends is next!!!!
As I get older, I have much less time for drama. Life is way too short and full of worthwhile things to do.
What does that mean? You know I'm not "twit-tastic" yet. Symbols require explanation...
happy birthday love! Miss ya! Have an amazing day!!
How are the winners for sound editing funnier than the host?
please refer to my foursquare checkin
I know!!! I don't know what we're doing. Will def let you know!
and howdy-do!
I already have it planed it's all about the timing
weed patrol nigga
I'm sorta missing the Big 12 championship game. Pretending that Texas-Baylor is for Centex championship (the Barbecue Belt?) instead.
or his craftiness. It will be missed but Felton is a better fit for the future. Smart analysis from a smart blazers fan
Just saw the avengers l
Got 60k at first break, it's a prettygood table.
": Proud of my students' above school average End of Course scores this year!! Woot woot!" Woo!! 😊
You're welcome! Great meeting you last night. Tuesday night Old Miami, I'll be coming around soon.
McDonald's should start driving to us :D
today is a day to thankful for all our family and friends
What do our #Illinois friends think of the firing of Bruce Weber?
well give me the last one ull ever give....:-)
#Huguely attorney says it was "amazingly thoughtless" that they sent medical expert prosecution testimony during trial.
Or DID he? How else do you get Thor and his well-known temper out of the way?
Thus endeth another day in confusion. ~wanders off mumbling...~
We met on a flight f/Chicago to Seattle years ago in the exit row, btw. Surprise trip home for Xmas, hence you riding coach.
Come join the largest #health and #fitness #event on #UNLV campus in history!Join the #Rebels fighting obesity on May 5, 10am-3pm!
Why do hotel irons suck so bad. I just want the wrinkles out...is that too hard to ask!
Thank you for the follow!
Today is my uncle's wedding!!!
Thanks for coming by! RT : Woot!
The food is really good here. I just ate the red snapper. On point! About to have some flan.
I think it's bad luck to wear my #Caps jersey.
NC State Fair is on. Good news, fireworks in my backyard every night! Bad news, fireworks in my backyard every night.
Spent over $100 at the Garden Factory yesterday. Excited to plant stuff but I found out the compost we're using isn't done composting.
This dude in front of me thinks he's so BA cause he can squeal his tires. Stop. You look like an idiot.
Dafuq?? I don't get any of my notifications on here anymore!! :-((
probably, since now it's in the statute of limitations hands now. I just feel awful for those kids though
Aight, are you gonna have someone mix/master your vocals or do you need me to? Theres only 1 verse slot left on this btw.
I'm watching a construction worker walk on a beam of one of the buildings going up. Crazy. Not my kind of balance beam.
I try to put a little defiance in my step when walking through the financial district these days.
I'm going to pretend it was who demanded my halloween pumpkins be on the front page.
Feels like I'm walking with my feet stuck in cement.
Thanks for your interest in I had a great time chatting w/ you!
's CABINET OF EARTHS has a functional family that moves to Paris.
Day 1 of Bamboozle is over! Wrecked shit now time to party (;
#TwoThingsIWant a job & a new car 👍
tell everyone hey I love them and you'll be careful
my father bought me mandolin strings! ok internet. let's do this.
Oh! Don't you know, don't you know? Beautiful, don't you know?
Representative from testifying in support of #COasset: "It raises the prospects of those still in K-12 schools"
Only the world? Whatever...
that's maybe the most annoying tweet ever. and you don't need to re-email me. emails sent to people aren't assignments.
She struggled to gasp out the words, "Can't. Keep.....my....eyes.......ope...n..." and collapsed into his arms..... G'night all
go follow ;D she follow back :D
Big time kickoff return (again) for Oregon - can they capitalize?
here's to staying ahead of the dbacks and/or catching the philies!
RT : RT : Learn from this and take it to the next game, Aztecs. Good game
who are the other fake Alicia's?
Don't tell me what I can't be or wat I'm not good enough to do.
It's SB Cohen's approach to humor more than the films themselves. But the Dictator is pretty damn funny.
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
your mother !
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 7!
Looking forward to it!
Ha! It sure was! It was a buzz-worthy, hot apartment tour ;)
I think she was serious too... smh
I could go to sleep right now.. Hmm
Hey ! Did you see you made it to our business directory in our 1st #ROC rental guide? Pg. 20.
you are dead on about QR codes. Not a fan.
so true!
WORDS TO THE WISE: YOU MAID THE BED YOU OST TO BE THE ONEZZZ TO LIE IN IT - PAT FORD*
I will see if it works. Ty.
Haha! Thank you for doing that, JG!
Thanks for the RT Rachel.
it ends tommorow night :)
Yeah ! ! Tweeting on a treadmill is good for balance too-ha ha. Stopped after 2 or 3 completely misspelled tweets.
Un- and Under-Employment Awaits Many College Grads
": I said nice to see friends, not assholes! You were not in the conversation." An ommission is not a shot!
Summer Shape Up starts today! Are you signed up??
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! I love you mama!! Thank you for putting up with me for 15 years!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!❤❤❤
i don't remember..something from reading..lol
the video for the bobby brown song from ghostbusters 2 features christopher reeve, donald trump, and joey and marky ramone!
Thanks to the Kansas Jayhawks and I had a great shoulder workout.
Wish my students luck as they take the most important test of the year!
Best quotes of the night: "I think mermaids are really making a comeback" "it was stupid retarded!" "is that a calendar?" (no, it's an LP)
Wow! WWDC in less than a week for download, that's impressive!
Bye bye Berken. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
yeah :p
Who's going to replace Theresa Rebeck on "Smash"? I vote for the dream team of and Paul Rudnick.
Wish I had sombody to cum ova
For some reason, Barage is a cool word lol
Have you seen data on the 130m? I haven't.
okay true...I guess I'll drink water
this, does not surprise me. Bring me home goofy taffy please!
Watching behind the music
Are you kidding me
Graduating from College on Sunday! :)
YOU'RE INSECURE, DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR?
opaque beverages ftw
cuz he's too awesome
Jst Finished Listenin 2 Take Care.. Drake Killed Doe
Im lookin for a ride or die chick not get high and cry bitch
Alternatively, find a London-based UXer who can pass them on. I'd like a full set, pretty please!
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
We're doing a shot every time says "douchebag"
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil Proverbs 3:7
can't wait either gonna be a great series !!!
well thankya! I just want her to have a good guy! And you seem good for her!(:
you two are something else
Girls Who Smoke Weed And Not Ashamed Are Cool...
Honey, I love you has 8 letters, but so does bullshit.
close you mouth ;)
Going to show myself on russian tv NTV at 8am. Moscow you will see me soon!
Good luck at #Wildflower this weekend and !
This 3 hour time zone difference is rough. Gym at 5 AM...looking 4ward to day 2 of the FTSA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) Convention!
I know I have had issues with my phone Merr
My legs fell off I think
will the cute glass bottles still be available? They are the perfect size and so adorable to carry around.
coffee date with the stalker today...
My relationship with my girlfriend is so gay
I'd still sleep w/my childhood teddybear if he hadn't fallen apart after 30+ years. Got a teddybunny now.Feel no shame! ;-)
The ankle giveth and the ankle taketh and Kate limpeth
Congrats! It'll be Sunday afternoon for me. RT : Itinerary finally complete for #mlanet12 ! That took a lot out of me...
I love you so, but why I love you? I'll never know!
hehe okay thank you so much lovee< i will NOT stop emailign her...until it happenes.<3 ICONiacz can do ANYTHING Together<3
Hey Tony can Zamir drink you under the table?
At the game???
Chapter 2012 Page 71 of 366 I want my hour back! Maybe I should make the best of the 23 I still have
LOVE! RT : Affirmations are to a child like rain to a seed.... More of it results in growth. 2 much can drown a soul
oh derp haha. I thought it was may. Not march.
yeah that was at my school..the new principal is ridiculous
Yes it ties into monthly mobile Apps series. Also choose app (cooking or other) based on topic/audience.
So its telling that I barely knew any of the artists last year but know almost all of them this year; been hanging out with college students
Ha!!! They are just a truly great band and that was great.
I get mean after 6 beers, sweet after 12, horny after 18, horny again after 24, and very sleepy after 30.
just saw 17 again. "bi itch.....please" Zac ef u moron....
haha will do.
Haha on it! “: get BK back on twitter & livetweet the mayhem I hear you two are about to cause in LA!”
Simon Sikorski MD from NYC. Beating up docs who are not participatory on daily basis :)
HEY DALLAS CHRIS BROWN CONCERT, ARE YOU READY TO PARTY WITH US ON OCTOBER 22ND? Follow for more info/chance to win a ticket
I can't do that. Sorry
Long day at work? Come unwind at #Fridays! It's #DJ Night and Little B will start spinning your favorite hits at 9pm!
Super Cup about to start Real Madrid vs. Barcelo
Superfluous and impertinent, Ned
Blasting gay ass music on the 405
#OWIF: It's cold on this raft. I'll huddle under the fish to keep warm.
do we still have dance on Monday or are we in singing?
Playing with new twitter app
Universally making my way through the multiverse.
not mowing though...
Gonna chill with my friends later. :3
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. - Socrates
Just now waking up from my nap!
DONE Dealing with Mediocrity! From this day forward I will never be taken advantage of again. Giving the Gift of Goodbye to crabs & vampires
If you need something to do follow me! I follow back!
Writing my heart out.
dude!! Are you playing at Snoqualmie right now?!?!????
Hells yeah! Just found out I'll be rollin down to Nashville in 2 days - OVC!
Morning all!
thanks boo! Couldn't have done it without you.
Bart is the real deal...class act
Maybe Siri likes hot spacho anyone ever thought about that?
Just came from lunch!, and the teacher is screaming, I feel like walking out!!!!!
- It's great that you are a small company! You have your very own 3 Tenors! Toi, toi on your upcoming #laughtertearscurtain!
The #Orioles have the best record in Major League Baseball.
insightful thanks
OR GIVE INTO PEER PRESSURE
So..get ready!
If something good can come from bad, the past can rest in peace.
Texting "haha" because you're too lazy to text a smiley face.
Can Rory continue his record breaking pace today?
..supposedly predicted when the major changes in the future would happen in the world. He used a code form the Chinese I Ching.
hell some dogs make more money than either n occasion! I agree w u. But who cares!! MSM find smthin to do
diggin the background!
Just tried to book a ticket for DCA-DFW for Sun-Mon. $1,709.60 for non refundable coach? Really ? Tell me that's not USD.
To my fellow teeps that r sensitive 2 changes n the weather, I propose a toast to sunny days. Hear, hear!
Just tell me its u
#Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
In the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years
Shading the air-conditioning unit can increase its effectiveness by 10 percent
Watching golf and my dad says " I bet had a unibrow when he was younger" #who knows
can I he a follow bac.?
Service Specialists of Dane County posted on their website they installed a furnace 6 days before the explosion. Story soon at madison.com.
FOREVER LOVING AUSTIN MAHONE, JUSTIN BIEBER, ONE DIRECTION BABY <3 all three are huge inspirations to me.
#popularinthe90s pop punk baby
she's ok to look at
Lisa, sent you 2 emails b/c no info abt the event came through - so I don't know where/when/what event this is for
But you liked it ;D
uh its your fault lol
Authentic learning in space inspires STEM learning: cmp=SOC-SHR-TW via
Rick Santorum is the number 2 candidate for the Republican party. Seriously..no punchline. This guy could be the candidate.
RT if you want me to write your name on #TVD4ever list
Brinker's logic seems horribly flawed. Sen. Boxer was right "we weren't born yesterday."
magic time
my a Capella singing :D
You can't possibly get bored on the treadmill when you're watching TV, chatting with friend, listening to your fave jam, or reading!
That is a goal or at least should be.
Just looked through my phone's pictures and suddenly stared missing
Raining for the first time in 2 months. Fall is here. Better get that table saw out of the backyard and close the skylights.
In Hermitage.
Still in the bed thinking what to eat wa Good morning Jesus have a blessed day everyone!.
yes! Looks great! I'll be at the shop tomorrow then gone thurs-sun and back the whole next week
lmfao, now she wants me to apologize to her. Lol, naa.
looks gorgeous on Bly-ray. Just one of those movies that having a 7 month old means I missed! Really enjoying it.
Thanks for the #FF Juliet! <3
wade just mad the heat about to go fishing soon and he knows it lol
Hey 5'5" guy at DFW with the 2 inch heels on your dress shoes: it's not helping, 5'7" isn't much better just embrace it.
Location is everything. The Boathouse deck is amazing -- sunset over the river and downtown. Thanks for the drink
If you believe in God, then why wouldn't He be your best friend?
So much for it being nice outside. Where did that dang sun go?
Let's all keep in mind that this gentleman used to be the budget director for President George W. Bush. BUSH. BUDGET.
thank you!!! :D
RT : High-water mark for DC sports since when? Caps to second round, Nats MLB best, Skins to draft RG3. Natives, speak up!
dude I left already
haha, I though that was a steering wheel.
Forgot to add that she was across the tracks from him; so, he was literally hollerin'
Yes! Your illustrations would be amazing in a children's book! I'd love to do that someday. :)
RIP #ElizabethTaylor I will be watching one of your movies later tonight in your honor
DAMN THE STORE IS MAD PACKEDD. I've nvr seen new yorkers freak out tht bad. I'm from new orleans this aint nothin but a lil rain ;)
is my photo still sideways? Come to Denver and help me fix it!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
I'm on twitter 95% of the time. It seems like that 5% of the time, decides to do following sprees.. o..
Its a sad day for the 76ers
#cheatersalwayssay. How rockstars cheat. Reverse psycology. ' U have an STD? Who u been fuckin'? Knowing there the 1s who gave it to u.
Of all kitchens I've taken pics in or restaurants I've enjoyed, 's is the most gracious and kind. Excellent meal!
This sun feels great..!!
ha thanks!
#natgas disclosure is taking place on private and public lands...
RT Never got a text from you... Me neither ... LOL
At Champions Barbershop, we'll be rolling with you guys til the very end! Keep going hard, championships are coming!
Packing and prepping to head to Phoenix, 7am flight, ouch! This is going to be a fun episode for the food network, my job is tough on...
Looking for a web marketing consultant in south florida, not a agency. Please message me for more info. Thnks
Ah this nigga got caught spooning with his girl....
Happy New Year world!!! FYI, The Walking Dead on AMC is awesome! Just watched the marathon.
do yall fruit?
Ugh when will roku get mls?
Joker, "No, no, no I kill the Bus Driver."
Dear , Can Youu PLEASE Follow Me ? Sincerely ,An #ICONiac Ps..... PLEASE It Would Really Mean A LOTT !
The new #Xmen movie was pretty good! Go see it.
Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥
Productive day but.... I don't know
See you and cameras tomorrow around 1:30pm I am on the non-stop Alaska Airlines flight from Portland, Oregon! :)
Out with old in with the new:)
You have to assume something really screwed up is going on in Larry Sanders personal life. Guy has become a raging asshole on the court.
Thats never a good sign!
thanks for the RT!
#MobPriv I feel like "my views alone" should become conference default, and ppl should tell us otherwise. Anyone with me on that?
Twice I've almost been hit by cars while in the crosswalk this morning. Twice! The second car had monster truck wheels. Very scary.
and I think it has to be a great experience, much more than just a responsive presentation of content
Potential booking for a neighborhood festival. Hey, we play all kinds of shows, we're not shy.
Yeah, there's at least 30. :)
word on that
how are ya?
RT Anyone know if MILF WRANGLERS 6, volume 2 will make any sense if you didn't see volume 1?
do u like cheeta print alot
Today's magic words are Bellyaching and Zungguzungguguzungguzeng
Hey! We're doing free zine workshops all day today and tomorrow Holiday Fair! What a coincidence!
I'm a dumb bitch
Jim, thanks much, man!
yeah, considering the quality of UX with Convore, i don't put much stock in Grove.
I need to do something! Now that I tweeted it, the symptoms are getting worse.... *coughsniffle*
In tears 😥
The squirrel in the ceiling seems to be doing gymnastics above my head. I need to figure out how to give him Xanax.
please follow me!!!!!!!!! it would mean the world to me
Packer party next Saturday? and I's TCD holiday party was moved up to 3:00.
Happy Birthday, Sugar *smooches*
Thanks again #DcTech With your help we were able to buy 24 netbooks for our students! You guys are awesome.
Heading out for Christmas shopping and to find a Christmas tree with my family! Doesn't get better than this :)
Thanks for following us (great profile pic, BTW) ...
Pipe broke. The malls flooding. Happy mothers day! Haha.
IVY: Does the digital humanities contribute to hiring problems, consider it's carbon footprint? These are the negatives that must be faced.
you better ♥
thanks for sharing!
ha, I'll likely be pretty inebriated myself. If you see me though please say hi!!!
Not the best game I've played but whatev, another game tomorrow
Cooking with green teas is so delicious..almost wouldn't think it's good for you.
Houstón has got the smarts
I hate that for ya
and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
We're talking about the new casino opening Monday. Will you go? Will it be an asset to downtown Cleveland?
I usually keep mine on vibrate. ...
Lol RT: ": GR8 women's final 4...each school has won a national title.”
Thankss!(; i like your name to!(;
Chinese takeout wolfed down. Now it's time to record some BOTS magic!
Haha. Oh really now? And when was this?
The Scottish Government provided £200,000 to the Scottish Language Dictionaries this year to publish an updated Concise Scots Dictionary.
Do you think Bahd will be able to fill in #Applebaums shoes?!
Finding the median can work well when looking at teacher salaries.
yes! Wednesday! Tomorrow! Hope to see you there
Being sick <<<<
Not sure I want to watch a tight rope walker walk across our Inner Harbor in Baltimore live on TV and possibly fall- ugh!
#EarthHour is this Saturday, March 26 at 8:30pm, local time. Will you be joining?
omg I literally just teared up remembering that part :c
Trying to get him to wear shades on stage, too... RT The drummer is named Night Dog!? Turn down the cool a little bit PCP!
I love Thomas' popping skills! He is a beast! (:
Your most fav'd tweet is about giving a BJ. That's feminism? Making yourself a sex object? Don't lecture ME about misogyny, little lady.
Heading to Woodburn to join the coverage of the 4-alarm fire at the high school. at 4,5,&6.
The plan is to leave Pro Tools running, because I want to make as many tracks as I can everyday.
Should be a good game! Glad the #PAC10 is representing at the #MauiInvitational this year.
Finally Friday! Looking forward to #WallandWater in tonight! (cc )
#ChiCultural2012 Groups now sharing there breakout session work.
Theyre not beating us in talent theyre beating us in team work
Thanks For The Follow Back :D You're Amazing (:♥
Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Went to the gym, ate horrible-for-me food, shopped with Chloe, now it should be bed time. My body aches, but that's probably a good thing.
Smdh... I did NOT hear my alarm dis mornin... Now im late 4 work.... Smh
What fun are good excuses?!
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individual. spring edition art competition now said to start Feb. 20th
what's up, Dorothy Parker?
Tonight may call for some heavy drinking
That aerobic video has my mind gears spinning.
Any excuse to take an like a #DCfashion-ista to hang with , , , , & !
Be gentle and patient with elderly and arthritic pets during the winter when the cold can affect their joints. Make sure to keep them warm.
Barcelona goal. Only a matter of time after reading many people say "Chelsea holding their own pretty well." That's the death toll.
Hi my name is Harold Miller and I am a out of work taxi cab driver here in San Francisco 415-841-0840 www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
Buzzard again, now im just becoming predictable..
Avila!! love that guy so much!!
I very strongly dislike Bo Ryan. He always looks so surprised and mad.
Video: Is this real life? Is this just custody? Alberta man belts out Bohemian Rhapsody in cop car
me too! It's annoying.
Are people concerned w/ jobs outnumbered by those who are not (bcuz they get handouts)? They don't care if US becomes next Greece.
easy bra, a wins a win.
nice! so lucky
Thank you so much! This is amazing,!♥ (:
how was your day, josh?
D&C also calling it for Doorley over Taylor. Just four districts to go and she's up by 20,000.
would get this last tweet. Hahhaha.
At East Village mayoral debate. This could be interesting.
Clearly you didn't drink enough. Karaoke requires a 12-drink minimum.
Even if I dont go to the final tomorrow I have a B-, so anything I do get is just bonus points...
Hahaha, I don't think there is any possible way for us to make that up to you
yeah! Haha I hope! I just gotta start looking instead of being a bum xD
Can't sleep °-°
Why thank you, and very glad to hear : )
Is it acceptable to say "I hate people who crictize Beyonce"? :)
Many times in ours lives we may be a fool, act a fool, play a fool, or even love a fool but 1 of the worst things we can do is STAY A FOOL!
They are! Hope you were able to swing in for some. If not, we have a few cocoa-dusted ones left...
Thanks Jack - you're the best!
Beginning of a new work week..... How much can I learn?
Will do! RT : Please let me know when is your next charity event. I was informed last minute about today
lmaoo this girl who got a waterproof camera just so she could take pictures of herself in the shower. O___o smhhhhhh who does that
3 hour naps after school >
“ Always people without money claiming money wouldn't change them” wait til they get some
Ha. I dont even have any friends who are girls anymore. Screw this shit. Its fucking ridiculas.
Nice touch - RT : The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
Braiding My Hair For School.. Hope It Looks Okay! ;)
What a ridiculous show. No starch? Is this 1954? And that awful girl and her slop actually won? A travesty.
I'm afraid you'll never love me like I love you .
RT RT The most underrated and underappreciated natural resource in the world is the Black woman!
Exactly. My historian and I face significant biblio challenges. I'm just glad I trashed all the CD jewel cases. Little steps.
What a tremendous accomplishment to have written a book! Congratulations!
Yes, UW will rely on defense this year for sure. Offense has been inconsistent. Try to replicate Butler's success
Playign at Silver Star in Alvarado, TX tonight! One of our favorite dancehalls to play. Woo Hooo!
hm? i wonder :/
haha they were lucky to make the first two cups!!!
haha! we appreciate you indulging our humor! :) the race is actually the day b4 on june 25 @ 8am so you can enjoy BOTH equally!
Celebrate the success of others. Bring people up - not down! ~ Barbara Jean
this is your daily ego boost: You're incredible!! <3
just joined #pinterest..... aside from having no clue WTF is going on, there is no category for music?? ....stupid
I hope it pours today. Haven't seen a storm in months.
haha...I guess that's what happens when it tweets from a Facebook post. I should be more aware.
Without a doubt dUKe, although they may end up as a 1 seed.
I can never shave the back of my leg because the hair grows in like five different directions:P
The #Patriots select defensive back Tavon Wilson from Illinois.
What's your favorite movie so far this year?
Jerry, the main bro c:
OMG I CANT WAIT UNTIL I GET MY SHIRT
$500 a rack for 1hr show damn chris brown
come kick it brah! lol at your pic. 1. because is drinking water. 2. because u have your keys clipped to ur beltloop
I was.
i'm down with someone from the Maury show, not Jerry Springer (cc:
I kind of figured that lol
My family is a bunch of douchebags.
Roy for England, I say!
Want to see me do a broadcast COMPLETELY STONED? -- I'm live in 8 minutes on ZenLive.tv
hey I need a favor
Happy Friday!!
#NowPlaying Collage / I'll be loving You
i just wanna reach and conquer my happy place in life that's all..
Apologies to those who got spam from me, my acct was hacked & I was unaware til today! Should be fixed now, please let me know if not.
Depression hurts, cimbalta can help.
RT way to go suck jackets! That's 3 hours of my life ill never get back!
everybody hey i miss ya all
Not everybody lives but everybody dies!
didn't see the broadcast but you're one of the finest in sports broadcasting -- keep it up. A historic day for baseball!
Meet a fabulous group of artists from NY to Texas + follow all RT. Thanks!:)
I cannot thank the family enough, we truly are a family! And we have unbelievable things coming. You won't want to miss this.
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
Hey Tom! Continuing to work on digital schoolhouse a little and messing around with JavaScript and some node.js. You?
dang it I must have been knocked out cuz I dont remember :-(
Looking forward to dinner and drinks tonight!
#wla12 smart panel on the future of libraries. School librarians are also teachers of teachers.
okay :) love you very much!! I hope the internship is treating you well
That hawkins guy is not haughty or aloof -- he loves a crowd, will not disappoint!
If we have pizza again I'm gonna flip
Thanks to for all the great tweets on #wswrc12. I couldn't attend, and you and your fellow tweeps shared the high points.
Kasteel Rouge... Dang.
J'adore! RT I love the Grand Autumn - 2 US rye, 1 , 3/4 lime, ginger beer, and a few drops of Angostura.
yay! Finally you guys are coming back to Indy!!
That we can get together and make beautiful music each doing there best at their individual part.
Just firget the beeping yall too late.
It really does. I've got a cycle, resistance tubes, free weights, 15lb kettlebell.
I need to find me a man who can dance!
delay or play we still booze
A restful, rainy evening. Wifey back tomorrow evening. Can't wait. Bro cooked a wonderful fish dinner.
Looking good for mothers day mass
I wish every day was like this
At #SocialTV Summit, says is first official partner to help brands monetize content.
Thinking about all my venom girls graduating 
Good call! See ya there!
I just put all my sweaters away and brought out the sundresses. If it snows tomorrow you can blame me.
The NYC Publishing tour continues tomorrow. This is really happening...
I've gone 5 miles in 30 minutes. Good thing I have !
I'm pretty sure the phrase "centered around" is an oxymoron. Just in case you start to wonder why I'm not using it.
Thats a ducked up
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
OK :DD Sorry I have been busy but im going to read your story now
Ordered some green Adidas Samoa for my lil brother...super cute
Congrats to you and Gi! ❤ who's gonna be next!?
your amazing <3 i love you, your so sweet and nice , i hope i meet you one day , i will be a fan till the day i die .NSN <3
Why can't the womens team unload a trailer by themselves? Simple: they aren't boatmovers.
pucker up, buttercup... ;-)
good news received, part 4 of 5. one more to go...
I'll get out of Seattle sooner or later and start living my life .
RT : My girl friend hates the amount of time I spend playing fantasy sports.
Happy st. Patrick's Day
Someone get on a plane to vegas & just come visit me.
may need to make a trip to BOS so we can drive up to hill farmstead. It's in the middle of nowhere.
Enjoy your ideas and your wishes because they are the babies of your soul, the plans of your ultimate achievements.
Oh that's why I don't drink like that anymore! Glad I had a reminder before next weekend. I work too hard to abuse my body that bad.
Nothing like the your 1st day off of the week I aint doing shit today but relaxing
My tattoo is coming along pretty sexy ! Keep in the lookout. lol
Got home from school about an hour ago. watching tv and i am really bored...
i miss you so bad, i miss you so bad, i miss you so so bad
So yeah its 's birthday and yeah you should spam her mentions.<3
The only hurdle is money to build to replace our aging library.
Thanks for the follow. My late husband was a drag racer. What is a twitter coach?
I like them proportionately to the order they came out. Funny how that works.
just be prepared to go deaf (x
congrats! When's the due date?
Help GULA rally thursday 8-11am for fight the zero on capitol hill
That's still spoiling her!!
I was gonna send a tweet out to help get u more followers then saw graphic designer... Whaa!?! :)
Thanks for the follow!
What? You are comparing Trayvon Martin's death to abortion? You are off base rt now, using this to draw attention to abortion?
hey lil brother! How r u? Much luv, hugs!!!
You are doing fine Stan, I have been a fan of yours for years, and I am very glad to see movies made out of your comics.
is there a Trance Energy equivalent in North America?
Are you a writer or a brand?
Today is your day to take charge and not be scared of success. Success is your friend; fear is your enemy.
And Wade would like to have those two cents of yours please
“Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that will last forever.”
Food looks GREAT! We are in the 100s here now too...Have a great run...hopefully it is pretty cool for you :)
says, "Take small, specific actions towards your bigger purpose." What small step can you take today?
obviously Anna and Bates! How could you not?
Good VP Biden interview with Bob Schieffer now on CBS "Face The Nation." - JDG
What's a hashtag? LOL!! QT : Looking good guys!
In 30 min it's goodbye AT&T & hello A very sad but happy day. start my new job on Monday. Can't wait. C u there
ahh finally all moved in to my new place :)
I get to see you in less than 24 hrs to celebrate beautiful YOU!!! So excited! :D
Wisconsin public library visits per week average 676,000 - more than the entire season attendance at Packer home games of about 566,000!
": I am buggin" we see you!
#FF , , , , . Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
sure.he says thank u
THAT'S IT! RT : Cant help think SMEs have a knack for bringing out the most dreaded L&D SME in us ;)
To all the Knicks fans out there. I am apologizing now for when my MIAMI HEAT destroys you in this series
is it summer yet
The only reason you don't want "it" anymore is because you can't have it...
stfu! I was enjoying my self!
Heading to the lab on this beautiful day#bay area stand up
Thanks for following! Look forward to reading your posts about
new mix coming so soon, cant wait to release it!
Bengals waive former Redskins OG Chris Riley (failed physical).
well I'm down with any of the three.
When boys copy u in a high pitched voice. I never go a day with out that happening..
When someone says, " don't take this the wrong way. " There is a 100% chance your not gonna like what they say.
