true lol, any new lovers? (Guys only) lol
“Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.” ― H. Jackson Browne
I'm just glad baseball is back. Can't wait to make it out to some games. (The upside of bad Orioles, is $10 tickets!)
I wish that there was an H&M near. *sighs*
Why regulate personal relationships? Gov't involvement in marriage = vestige of era women had no rights.
STOKED FOR TONIGHT'S SHOW! Stereo Space's 1st show in Danny's hometown, Bayside
Do you follow me? Find me on twitter
I wnt buy u tha world but I will show u tha world if u let me
get yo grind on! That last podcast was on point...I linked it too my fb page with the intentions of tagging my dad but didn't
You're probably the most confusing person ever.
I think we should start a tradition of tailgaiting for metal shows. Exactly how legal is it to grill & get drunk in a parking lot?
In san Marcos 2NITE with Royalty For Life at Gold Crown Billiards
First real speed session in nearly a month.... About killed myself off, but got in 6x800. Whew!!
Those days are all gone...
Fiero is a dish best served with clarity.
practice up! Team PS is coming for ya on 6/4! et al
There's a stinkbug stuck in a spider web right outside my window. It's like national geographic live!
Thx. I'll fix it in the article.
Seen in person today during the Jay Leno Tonight Show taping. Man that girl is beautiful!!!!
#ExpoLine La Cienega station has the loveliest art: Civilization from Tongva to American, & a Pacific Electric memorial on the floor.
wishes i lived in a world where dentists wanted me to know their teeth-whitening secrets
Teacher: "Sit up front." Me: "Bitch, I sit in the back for a reason. I don't want to see your ugly face in HD."
This virus has left me with only energy to sit on the porch. Only now I realize how nice it is. Should try it even when I'm not wiped.
The mailman just approached my desk and asked if I was into ABBA, & then played them loud on his iPod for me to hear.
I double dare to mock Jones in the top 10
Good morning, everyone!
I love my life <3
there is always someone to disagree with you
you might need to change ur program, eating plan and add diff supplements.
This is a #MustRead for all #Women by
Saw The Artist. Clever, original & funny - even without dialogue. Dear Hollywood: More of these, less Twilight sequels. Thanks.
Welcome aboard!: Tiger Nation can I get some more followers yo I know we strong on Twitter.
finally! The meaning of Squishy!
Dan Quayle~ Public speaking is very easy.
professional #studyabroad student? i don't think I've ever been so jealous in my life!
Off to bed...
Contemplating on getting a hair cut...
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Leader nominees (cont.2): Teresa Osborn & Vern Smith () good luck to all the nominees!
some girls just dont get that we dont want to see their entire torso when they stretch and their shirt goes up to their bra
Hungry and tired!!!
I'm drinking. Champagne. Out of a can. Through a straw.
Jersey Shore on Pop Up Video >
thanks for the welcome!
Excited to see John Clay and Niles Brinkley wearing the black and gold of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Sometimes I think we're fooling ourselves that an ORM is easier than just writing the SQL. Maybe I'm crazy.
She no how to do it!!!!
Video update today! Keep an eye out
I think i have a torn acl
Making my life better one day at a time.
Buy low, sell high
I do not. Haven't really had time myself.
I read that as recall of their detection system (= finds 156 out of X errors/book). I'd guess true error way higher.
hey girl
Going to...
Love it!!
I love having a boner. ;)
#FF always funny - RT BET LIONEL RICHIE LOSE RENT DEPOSIT WHEN LANDLORD SEE THOSE FOOTPRINT ON CEILING!
Q of the Day: Which will win trending topics – Google Buzz Announcement or Bonnaroo Lineup Announcements?
Magic/Pacers on ESPN right now. Must win for Magic, as they are down 2-1 in series.
It's cooler out and raining..finally...yay!!
GRATEFUL! to members of #LoganSquare #Chicago for hosting screening of our film about #Guantanamo yesterday! GREAT discussion!
Game of Thrones is on hbo on demand! I know what I'M doing tonight!
I've tripped a kid before. He was already falling, but I took credit for it.
Why don't you just use the bathroom downstairs
Council showed critical leadership last night to repair #Detroit's finances. Now the work begins to put meat on the plan and implement.
Doing 3D project for Digital Media.
Congrats on the series win going for Sunday sweep tomorrow
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 24
consumer reports.
just so you know which I'm sure you do but your really super gorgeous and very talented at what you do
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
forgot the bands twitter password...
Jen, the spider is now upon my person.
Taco bar at church tonight. Good times with wonderful friends! Love my church family!
the last night for Shakespeare's MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING is tonight, saturday at 8 pm. $5. an excellent production.
This flight continues on to Hawaii.... Tempting....
i do der funny and cute
whenever you have time always enjoy hearing from you
starting it up Saturday against the mavs ! Let's get to buisness !!
Difference between a successful person and others isn't lack of strength, not lack of knowledge, but lack of will. - Lombardi
Oh Slam!!! Lady B Playing Car Wash on the radio...Dancing in my chair
Looking at Census Bureau stats on U.S. industries from 2000-2009 reveals women made up a mean 44% of all Information sector employees
Come on by to our store. We'll treat you to our Senga coffee pourover @ blow away your Monday morning blues.
I've been thinking bout moving back to Europe. I dont like it here. Everyone is fake & too caught up in themselves </3
btw, knepper already visited me and julianna and kaylene are coming down - so when are you gonna visit??
I hope there are more people watching the #Oscars than Celebrity Apprentice. I know its a tough choice with some many millionaires on T.V.
Do something rebellious. Read a Banned Book!
Dangerzone T-shirts are definitely in effect 10$ u cnt lose make sure u cop up!!!
LEGit??? That's a QUEENS phrase. I know where you got that from ;)
different artists are going to do tribal in different ways. check out the portfolios at laughingbuddhatattoo.com to chose!
lol hell yeah he was... was soo gone lol
90% percent sure i just encountered a ghost
"singing" is that what you call it
Dyson not looking bad this year
Screening: Protecting Sanctuary in half an hour in SIS 300!
I'm sure you'll do just fine making your argument very persuasive.
DeVante Designz Incorporated Charity's to donate by end of the year $400k to schools in Massachusetts to help curb cyber bullying.
Oh, my mistake! Early here :)
it's sunday-the are playing and I'm going to the only bar in Milwaukee that knows their fight song. Forward down the field!
I ...u always whippin up something good up there
lastly, Clinton's goal for USAID (from article): "My goal is: We’re there first, and we’re there smarter, and we get there and do the job."
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Now off to watching the Legend of Korra ^_^
for the IPhone app that they prompt you to install
Hello Twitter! I think I can love you...
I am so attractive. I wish I knew this in my younger years. Sigh.
Doing laundry & I find my girls Bob Marley shirt...as if I needed any more reason 2 know why she's perfect for me 👫👽😍
I will try to come late. I literally just reserved Oklahoma tix and then read your tweet :/
exactly my point you always on your four feet mode !!! ## you know what I mean... Lol
i'm such a good singer guys i should be on american idol
Purple kale does not break down in a blender. Lesson learned.
yeah. It's something you need lessons for even if you swim now
Is putting together a build for QuakeCon...
Robbie Earle: "we don't mind how they go in, as long as they go in."
How bout them ravens, signing , and Christian Thompson. Would love them to add OSI to take Suggs spot
"Bitterness can only hurt one person:you"
'Did we realize our love, or was it just misplaced.'
thank you sister, amen
Back on the grind after a long weekend...gym in a little can't wait
been following me for the past 3 summers.
We currently don't have a website, however we can give you the address to send money and we can send you a shirt!- Isaac
LOVE YOU TOO xoxo
what's up Wally?
not bad at all for a 12 team league. Well done. I like the felix jones pick. Good luck!
I wanted to see you go in with Barea, you would of shut him down
A pleasure! cc Congrats to you and as well!
RT : We R launching a digital journalism class ths Sept. Does any1 have specific waivers, guidelines, U could share?
Life's lessons beat Harvard! "I spent the first part of my life going to school. I spent the second half getting an education" - Mark Twain
Looking forward to my 2 consultations with students today! Topics are marketing data for international publications and a cancer non-profit.
Great to see you at STC today! Guess I'll be seeing you again before too long.
Great success at the expo this year. If you weren't able to attend check back through tweets with employment opportunities.
more LaFollette, less Cullen. I agree. (wish I could vote against Cullen since I used to live in his district. Horrible)
I made your Poetry in Motion List :)
Which Famous is going to win? lol
Thanks for the follow! I hope you had a great time in DC for #nlld this week. Love the pics you tweeted.
New show added! March 16th at Second Chance Saloon.
will try the kelp noodles. How do you prepare them?
Meanwhile, proliferation of popular tools (SketchUp, Second Life), but these aren't suitable for academic projects & pedagogy
eh...lol I won't make classy boring
Saturday school... Ugh
I'm desperately trying to find a restaurant near Sherman Oaks for 10 people. Tonight. Ugh.
Factoring provides a fast prepayment against a sales ledger, allowing you, at a cost to flexibly increase working capital & improve cashflow
Yo, where's the marshmallows, lol.
RT if you love brewery tours!
Were you aware of fact is on twitter? Yeah buddy...Miss you :) See you at Tasha's wedding?
Wow I think I just met my future wife
In honor of final week at Syracuse, tomorrow I'm starting the #MiggzMemories hashtag. Start thinking of your best.
every adversity brings an equal or greater opportunity, knowing this is half the battle won. AS
Nothing more awk than getting friend requests from navajos. Just got1 hint: Tom's shorts.
I just rediscovered my love for You Never Know. One of the few #DMB songs I haven't seen live.
Happy Birthday Adele
eat your heART out <3
Eating throughout the day is key! every 2-3 hours to keep your metabolism up and keep your body from storing fat!
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #AskMikey !!!
LOL! Dude it was amazing!
This car parked in front of my house & I thought I heard the door handle jiggling. It was the cat eating food. Paranoid? Maybe. My goodness!
I'm tx ranger fan but I like price. Sounds like you are just back pedaling bc price called u out
ugh... virtualenv requires Mac OS developer tools. not something I want to grab via wifi provided by my phone.
thanks for following and
Austin hasn't been to the UK yet, so I voted for them cause I've honestly see likes bajillion Mahomies from there.
Well, it is Checker's.
Using #WordPress or want to know why you should? #Blog #Traffic ! Follow us for tips on how to use WP & how to make the switch
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD
I love that one kid who asks the professor 100 questions just to pass time in class.
no fair! my phone doesn't have video!
Had a heart warming message from an old elca girl about my stance on the political issues
We've Liked your page via Marc Zimmerman, thanks from
Hello m'luv! Yep. Left FB a while ago. Congrats on new job!
Snow in Charles Town-yikes
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy. Other times, it is a real pain in the rear. Your home can sit on the mark
Heading to bedd, don't feel well at all :( think I could get a cheer up tweet??That would make me feel better ♥(:
Talent Show in ONE HOUR!!! Eeep! : ) Wish me luck! ~Jess <3
Good habits result from resisting temptation. - Proverb
That awkward moment when a bug flies into your eye and you have literally no idea what to do about it.
Is there anybody out there?Am I swimming through this empty sea alone?
Jabbed my toe oh my dresser and I think I wanna die.
Oh god, those commercials make me stabby. A good moms day? Do your own damn laundry!
I love Evansville!
Having trouble setting up iPhone 4s. I chose to "restore as backup" from my old phone, instead of set up as new device. Not right?
We're doing it with Americans! Who knew? New for us. Enjoy Saturday!
My Dad and I got to go to Club 33 a couple of times...pleasure to be in such good company! : )
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong, but you keep arguing anyway.
Not so fast my friend! week 1 goes to this guy!
#favouritelyric I was never close to perfect, but I never let you go.
Congrats AT&T the first company to email me marketing on Thanksgiving. Lame.
Lucky me! JDG "America's Next TOP Chef" ;o)
miss you brother! Im Supposed to be in ny right now but Levon died:(
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
you're amazing.
Desk jockey by day? Give your body a break & stretch your spine in a wide legged forward bend. Your back will thank you!...
I used to hate that b/c I was usually taking the first flight out. No time to play today?
I haven't owned a tech deck now in about ten years wtf!
I really wish I knew what I did to deserve this
Nice Day When You See Little Kids Playing Outside, EloteLady, & Your Neighbors Making Hamburgers Outside Their House.
I do like lettuce :)
GIRL where were you yesterday?! BTW can you send me the ebay links via fb please? (:
You would outsing them all.
text me fool
Even in losing effort, great to see back in the starting lineup tonight: 8 pts, 6 reb in 21 min.
Yesterday was #autismawareness day! We went blue to show our support. 1 in 88 children is diagnosed with autism. Intervention is important.
all about flyers baby
amazing! That was a very fun day
Oy. MT : Many of our ref Qs seem premised on idea that everything we own is digitized, but we don't bother to link in catalog.
Happy Hump Day everyone! Be thankful for what you have and never take anyone/anything for granted! LIFE IS GOOD!!
I just got naked 2. So excited to paint my eyelids.
Different topic, but enjoyed your piece on filming in NYC yesterday.
i'm making ricky a care package pretty much..i'm spending more money on him than i do myself. #smh the things i do for love
So..I got tweeted at by the swellers..I'm feeling pretty special right now :)
Overcast mornings: so minor I feel bad complaining about it, but my disposition is usually only as sunny as the weather.
We also wish a very happy birthday to Robin Eichelberger!!!
we have sold a bunch! Excited to see what you put together for GA Tech.
Remember women: you always have the right to do whatever men tell you to do, whether it's your life, career, or body. You are so lucky.
I am sad to be missing Panic this weekend
Thank You!
My rules: No. 2774 -- Any Theater outside a French-speaking country spelled "Theatre" must be pronounced correctly: "Tay-ah-truh." Voila!
Good win for ! I'm sure this is just the first of many victories.
Excellent game, CAK. Congrats on the win!
Tell everyone about us! Follow and support us!! We're so close to entering HHI and ABDC-9 :)
I can never sleep in the car.
Go! RT: “: For those who #believeinfilm & are in San Diego this weekend, come view some of my Large Format 8x10 prints at ArtWalk.”
I just cannot even imagine the hell that would be managing social media for a chain restaurant
Bored someone text me
RT : RT : RT : #hashtags are helpful if you are going to then Tweet your pin
That minor in psychology really helped me step up my game huh.
Next pub crawl it's all about Not the same w/o you guys.
Meeting tonight at 8:30 in Rangeview 242. We're looking forward to hearing our Exec Board nominees speeches!
shep, lab, husky mix! Rescued her! She's a huge softy, great dog!!!!
Do it! RT : I should start a blog titled, "State Worker Fashion."
Lord, You Are Good And Your Mercy Endures Forever.
This is Twitter gold.
Have a particular interest in local history? Maybe we've covered it already! Message us - we'd be happy to check for you.
didn't c u all day
do it! Start with Skinny Love or Bloodbank
Whatevers, you do that to me too ~.~
It will be here definitely through the first week of May-maybe longer, but we don't know yet.
we went home. Called it an early night. Did yall end up going to diablo? How was tanya Stephens?
We out here tryna Function
Sure! We're happy to follow you!
Is Bachman still there?
U like that don't u I wrote myself by the way!
Just let me know what you want me to look for when you send the material along. Can't wait to read it.
Which also goes to say that I'm listening to the interview this afternoon. And we're still friends. And we can talk later!
IM ALREADY KNOWING
Thanks for the follow Jessica! How are you? We need to hang out ASAP! TTYL
enjoyed your remarks at breakfast this morning. Would love to hear more about NoLa's education system success
Dear authors: stop writing that your characters "bit their lip" during a tense conversation. It's annoying and artificial.
Wow, Michele, thanks for a nice endorsement! As I like to say, "Bird to your mother!"
My fav YouTube gurll is feeling down 😔
also i'd be glad to help you with your spares
-iWana Thank Thee Man Above For Waking Me & MY Love ones Up On This Beautiful Sunday Morning, This Day Was Not Promise, But I Made Iht! =')
you should tax them back and rectify this injustice.
Tami act like ppl just supposed to know where she came from then she need to introduce herself like "Hi I'm Tami, I've been raped"
wasn't joking. It's from a simpsons episode, big simpsons fans. Preorder that shit.
Really should do my homework, but I really need sleep :( #wheresspringbreakalready?
God is good!
Snow's finally on the ground. Suppose its time to put up the tree.
mp is a good one. Be better if he called me back..lol
Usher can be so sexual.
Got it. Thank you.
let's watch it tomorrow in chem haha
$25 menu: Spinach with oranges, pine nuts, shallot and ricotta salata, Cavatelli with rabbit ragu, Brutti ma buoni with rhubarb
It's actually happened a bunch to me. Skaters I used to worship now my friends, musicians now people I book. Pretty cool.
visited computer lab-- super cool technology for data storage needs
Forgot makeup, have 1 earring on, hem fell out of my skirt... Maybe today I'll meet my husband??
f*** you buddy
Just came back from a trip to Costa Rica. Fantastico! :-)
2O minutes!!! So happy :')
You can never go wrong with for lunch!
Hey Nick - Tell me why pops and your sis deserve 'em? James :)
is, for the most part, numb inside.
me too! M.... and champagne
Privacy is also trending, so maybe people are trying to be "private" today ;)
Senate unanimously passes Sen. Miller's amendment limiting #Vikes share to $452 million, limiting State's share to $373 million.
Phil was so great when they were running to the roller coaster line. That made my night.
no thats OK.
Increasing engagement doesn't have to be complex. Help employees find the alignment between their personal vision/values and the company's.
ha if I could I would.
Go head Kim!!!
Life Achievement unlocked. Last will and testament on file.
Please do. Make sure you climb that waterfall (if you get the chance) - Glymur, and Instagram the hell out of that country.
requesting comments and feedback on our books. please leave detailed reviews
I'ma hit a slow jay-walker one day for 100 points.
Yup! We won't be charing per-tix fees for comps. We're still finishing up the beta version of the site, but we're coming.
It's only 11:30 and I'm already being told to turn it down. Cool.
jc your so freaking luck i have been trying for like 2 months to get justin bieber to follow me! lol and please follow me
RT if you ever had a dream you were in love with someone you barely know then the next morning you felt funny around them. Lol
Damn...there goes a broken heart.
Thanks for the @'s. I love riot grrrl music! (That's obvious. Lol) I am now following you! :)
Morning Sj keep us posted on new work! lets collab soon | #modelfolios #videofolios |
Watching project x lol this shit crazy
What do you do, PR?
Craig James is scum.
Hersheys hot chocolate.
HATE what that guy is doing to that old Brandsmart building on Gregory. Wtf is he up to - just looks sloppy, junky and amateur. Sad.
It's April Fools people -- don't let anyone fool you!
Had sinus surg yrs ago, afraid to take percocet (tnx Favre) spent week in agony then tried to catch up, very hard
night sleepy head 💤
Hey Elly! Thanks for the follow, how is your day going?
Boy Meets World<<<
" True love has no ending."
@ me if u need one
If you don't vote in primary's you should really consider registering #Libertarian. If GOP & Dem saw a trend you'd really make a statement.
RT : The Google doodle today has to be THE. BEST. EVER!!! <3
Congrats on the Hall Making the boys proud. Go Blue!
Option 2 is logical. You'd still hear them but not as loud as other players who have no perk.
This movie is crazy
Hope it stays that way
Ask about our take home custom whitening trays!! Get the white smile of your dreams this Christmas!
#YouWereCuteUntil I actually got to know you.
we are hipsters porn is crazy cray! Best hipster porn on American apparel site! Lol wait not that kind of porn huh!?
Relax by the window with a pot of Wild Rose Melange and a cup of Baby Artichoke with a Spinach & Beet Salad.
He's not getting a tip, either.
#FML a thousand times right now
lebron is up there with kobe. Even kobe says lebron is better then him
I find that they are. On days when I don't feel the need to check my email constantly, I notice more beauty around me.
had arbor day at school and arbor day isnt until april. the only thing im upset about is that they had to pick the coldest day of the month.
Grammar brings you the weekend! Joe Paterno's Father Dies, Someone Wins an Football Game, Newt Gingrich Goes Newt Catching, Comes Back A Man
AJs right Tara. You catch the fade after a few sips
Thank you chica.
You're talking about - she's great
seriously this is a motherfucking sign! they're playing Somewhere In Brooklyn at Buffalo Wild Wings! i love this place :')
Off to awards day :-/ this should be interesting
just rec'd safety alert from kids' school abt creep in town luring children into van with talk of puppies. is anyplace safe?
Wow! Very nice.
I'm out this world hoe !
David Cone is killin it right now. Can't say the same for Andy Pettitte, but he looks good. Glad he's back.
Heh, yeah. I have a way of getting carried away with something while telling hardly anyone about it until it's more fully formed
This Miami vs New York is gonna be a good one
Loling guess you don't need to take the final
Can somebody tell what it t twitter jail?.
This is one of a planner's greatest challenges: Making a "instant" or "created" place appear as though it has grown organically...
RAISE IT! In spite of the manager again.
mostly what
Has a craving for some ceviche!
And jeers to streaming events online, because they suck at it.
he is rancid... Idk why he has not been traded for 2 dozen balls and 4 bats yet
Tough negotiator: HP wanted $1.2B for webOS and Palm’s assets (exclusive)
Happy Birthday! Hope all your wishes come true!
This weather is too nice to pass up. Come join us for a refreshing beer and and enjoy the evening. ps its happy hour till close.
Thanks for the support!!
tan lines make things more interesting. ;) please tell me you're gonna party in btown at least once this summer.
Trying to heed the wisdom in the experiences of my past.
Will do, thanks!
haha aw thank you! :D and I think his accent is so cute too! :D
Casting workshop and now a BBQ! Fun times with
I have to work tmro, so took today off. Woke up feeling like crap this morning.
$140?! Did they lick the old nail polish off themselves? Are your fingers dipped in gold flakes? WTH?
What movie to watch tonight hmm
Anyone wanna play puck tomorrow 12 at northtown? @
Watching chat with Maggie Stiefvater on FB - interesting! 's page
Through all the tears shes crying she only wants you <3
LIVE MUSIC IN THE HOUSE! School book fair til 5pm today!
Every "thank you" is pretty much "thank you for not being a dick." Our collective fear.
Thx! RT RT : Enjoy a meal at Kramer's & Afterwords. Breakfast, lunch, dinner: they never disappoint
Talk to you later.
Where was this Deng in Philly?
"God is not dead He is surely alive - He's living on the inside roaring like a lion"
Happy Birthday , one of the best sisters in the world!
Don't let them see your kindness as weakness
If you still look nice at the end of a rock show, you've done it all wrong.
Ill start drafting a eulogy just incase... RT : If we ever trade Kenneth Faried I may kill myself.
Just got outta surgery. I would have died if was there when i woke up. I love him!
Yes, I did... I was tricked into watching I'm Still Here. Longest joke about a scraggly beard EVAR.
Single , Felt Like It When I Was In The Relationship To Smh
stupid refs. Come on get it right refs!!! Terrible.
The wicked at heart probably know something.
Thanks. I can't DM you unless you follow me. I am following you, so you can DM me an email address & I will send you the details.
I thought it was strange my daughter ate all her peas but not her mashed potatoes. Then I found the peas. In her mashed potatoes.
The GOP/Bush bankrupted the economy~!!!! Hello America?
The view from downtown looking uptown.
So now I'm gonna have a beer and listen to Ladytron: Velocifero. Loud.
In Stockholm, those in need call a condom ambulance, its a white truck that will deliver to the door a condom ten-pack
Dear , do you ever shut up? Like someone wandering through library, yanking down book, quoting, moving onto next book, repeat.
OK my dude I need your Skype so I can get at you
tomato and mangoe salad.... vegan fried chicken, cuban style beans, and jasmine rice...!800 tequila...yes, there you go
#Dance Fu w/Kel Mitchell and Cedric the Entertainer!! Don't miss it!!
why the fuck aren't you hosting the #bgc8 reunion? D;
Happy Cinco de Mayo! As my dad would advise, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
OMG YES !
Week 2 of Regional Sales Training event in Chicago this week. Great to see our hard work pay off and designs come to life.
not now!!
#BBW #Tami you know damn well #Kesha isn't the reason you're mad. You just looking for a reason to be a bully
are you going to hit me up on my birthday next Friday?
Happy St George's Day. I'm off to find a dragon to slay
I'm thankful for everything I have and don't have...cuz if I ain't got it I prolly wasn't suppose to have it...mmmhm
stole my line.
Perhaps. He is also spending time being an out of touch puppet "representing" his constituents.
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
I can go for weeks without food (maybe) but
Good morning pplz. Its wednesday. Hump day. Literally one of THE worst days out the week. Y, cuz a ninja said so that's y. Have a good 1
reading about new literacies over the din of an iron maiden concert playing on the new paladia channel - where is my black t-shirt?
My wife initiated a conversation about the last episode of #GameOfThrones without my prodding her.
yeah Capi and Kaitlyn misses you too and np
Overheard (cuz I'm not allowed to attribute it): ”why does everybody have to pee in a toilet?”
Haha. That is almost exactly my current FB status update.
End of the week treat for your ears +eyes: Sound + Vision: Disco Desert by Austin Video Bee. Tonight starting @ 8:00!
Thanks! We're really excited!
Tonight! Free 80s Underground Dance Party at The Shrunken Head! Get up, get out and come in! :) 251 West 5th Avenue!
joe says they just lot electricity. yikes! but you guys are fine where you are? no issues? /
my boy right there doing it big lol
It's awesome. I've been there! In LeClaire. It's right behind a gas station. You'll see.
GREAT PHOTO!!!!!
yeahh its cold in the winter and REALLY hot in the summer ahaha :b
yeah, i think today i'm just gonna sit back and watch the show. :)
Hahaha.. #Sweet! RT I never get jealous when i see my ex because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to
is enjoying using ! So far so good!
Trivia Question... Which Jay Z song was originally recorded by Egyptian artist Abdel Halim Hafez 50 years earlier?
Got me a job startin tonight finally!!!!! Thank you lord
It's on! #donutwar RT : oh hell no! This means war! ;-)
Egyptian catcall of the day: (In the souk) "Buy one, get me free."
it only tuesday?
Thanks for the s/o! Have you heard about Legends Week that we are organizing during the first week of the season?
Saw the lucky one with hailey and ninerss
Appreciate your FaceBook shout out to NS for "People's Choice" recognition of our Speed Queen Campaign at this year's Bells.
Gotta admire Aviles trying to fake the drop to get the double play, but lol really?
Good Morning Ppl! :-)
Adorable!Oh yea,the puppy is too.. xD
Kings of Leon are the Goo Goo Dolls of the 21st century. If a band sells their soul did they ever have integrity in the 1st place?
No, someone else. For some reason, lots of people seem to think that, because I'm gay, I should be anti-Muslim...
I hear you. I once went to work wearing two different shoes. It was dark, heel size was the same & I didnt look. So embarassing!
Find out how to get healthy snacks to your door for free! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
SINGING "BEFORE I LET GO" AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW #GOODTIMES LIVE LOL WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
Ml. Syed Asghar Hussain (R), would go hungry himself & instead feed the poor kids & even stray animals of his village.
I agree (: thanks for that by the way (:
RT if you peed your pants thinking about the draft
international biology olimpiade 2013 . wait me :)
$20 of lottery tickets. We!!
"The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It [stands] at the cradle of true art & science." A label of dreams
im actually seeing year nines throw around breakup quotes. wow..
Knowing you know I'm hurting hurts me more. Good thing, you're clueless.
#prayforlewismighty been praying every night bud.
Congrats ! Your next project: Fish Fry at the Villa Tap! ;)
The new looks great, but I can't wait to see it when the students put their own stylings in it. Congrats on the new look
When he cooks me a fancy dinner >>> <3
Guessing Sunday was a nice day for golf? Sorry it was so packed-how was your experience w/ those 13 holes you got to play?
it is something we've considered but not imminent. How would you want it to work? Particular features that would be valuable?
Finally started working on my business plan! you inspired me during class on Saturday.
Looks like that late mock draft surge for Carolina had it right
We are going to be a little #MIA the next few days! is moving #hungry and a lil #stressed around the !
Sounds great. We'll get the crew together in September.
My heart goes out to the Egyptian people in their continued fight for democracy & freedom.
There are few things that smell better than clean clothing.
the devastation is untweetable.
Hello my fellow hippie loving, tree hugging, earth admiring friend como estas??
What the! Bogus! I get all excited beyond belief about being on #Smash, and they show him for like ten seconds!!! UGH.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet <3 I know I will one day! It will be Amazing, just like him ;)
": it's not everyday a phone smells like dog treats #whattheheck"Hahahaha your phone has a weird appetite!
Vancouver Real Estate Blog: Federal Budget - Good News For ...
According to the news, San Diego has the highest gas prices in the country. Why??
you punk
why? did try pulling that its not #rape if there isnt a #weapon on you?
It's been an awesome day working in the #studio :)
I want that same one. Make one like that. 10 bucks.
There's plenty of time to get everything on your gardening list. We are open til 7:30. Find us at 125 Fleet Street at Scottsville Pavilion!
I sure am! Licking windows and all
I love seeing my puppies over lunch.
Rally the troops. It is time. It is time.
My bro talking to his gf at 3am? Like wtf go talk somewhere else I need to sleep -_-
you should see the burn i got from curling your hair!
Home from work today. Got a tummy ache. :-p
We are at the Central Florida Film Festival! The posters are up and look great for my book signing and review of the teen comedy, "May Day".
Loiter squad...
Hahaha religion class with
there u go with the qdoba smh
You got a twitter? :o
i want an iguana and hedgehog again
Thanks for spreading the word!
If a boy takes you to his home and lets you meet his mom
Fairy tales, Are more dan true Not Becoz, They tell us that dragons exist. But Becoz, They tell us that dragons can be defeated .
2nite I'm grateful for clarity, sanity, compassion, forgiveness, humility, groundedness, patience, courage &a capacity to listen
as of now? Yes
"he not busy being born Is busy dying." ~ Bob Dylan "It's Alright, Ma"
This is about to be the longest week ever!!!
Lots of change in the air. has officially migrated into the offices. Find us in Mission Valley now!
Wanna pull my hair out today
Follow the #TPPCon hashtag for updates from OAH's Teen Pregnancy Prevention Conference.
"If you're enough lucky to be Irish, you're lucky enough!" Happy St Paddy's Day.
thanks xo. :]
Go Big Red, 10-3 over MSU at the half.
I really wanna go to the movies tonight. 🎬🎥
What the fuck Adele rolling in the deep instrumentals on the iphone4s video
Can't wait to see and Sara kill it in their Senior Recital. Make it count ladies!
facebook is not only boring its lame.....
:) “: Pizza, Smoking Loon Merlot and Idol - It's gonna be a good night!”
this Saturday! Dinner at my restaurant/table with Belgium!
. #StaceyBobble all time fave still " did you not get the memo???!!! "
we need to bring back and the sound meter for the playoffs... and the blue and gold 3pt sirens.
So happy to hear you found it helpful! Best of luck to you as you work toward your degree.
The Really Scared Housewives Of Crystal Lake
you bet!
My nigga im faded
Who`s Calvin Borel`s interpreter this year?
We're wrapped on "Bad Blood!" It was a lot of work, but a blast working with the entire cast and crew.
“For the LORD takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with victory.” -Psalm 149:4 (NIV)
Dude, love the blog. Nicely done. Wish I could f'in' figure out how I want to write about music, politics and such.
Best drinking game ever. 1 bottle of pucker. Make animal names for everyone. Anytime u use their real name, PULL!!
you at ?
Cha, for those who listening
Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
Practice today at Certain Stars' HQ. Getting ready for IPO Detroit on 4/13 in Hamtramck!
Though I am digging the bouncer keeping all of us malcontents (geriatric malcontents!) out on the street.
Why do I always need gas? Ha
oh that does sound interesting. I want to know more.
you until April 20th to join the audition.
im never drinking again
Why do you look so gorgeous while your packing?!(; <3
Thanks for the follow ! I'd love for you to drop by my house sometime!
then you would trust me a LOT
Getting so close to goal of 200 workouts in 200 days. 33 to go. Kicking it into high gear.
"Nobody wants to work in hell," Nuch says of the City Attorney's Worker Comp division.
Follow me?(;
Call me a jaded music fan, but The White Stripes are The Black Keys on roids.
I'm gonna progresso soup commercial you "they fit" lol bought a smaller pair of pants
it was in his bed
Watching Beauty and the Beast <3
Thrive lunch will be held at The Wright Place 901 6th St Wausau. Hope to see you there at 11:30! Don't forget that it's Alfred's Birthday!
wearing your Unicorn Shirt with pride! You inspire me in more ways than can be shared in 140 characters :) Love ya, bro.
“: hey P,hope ur having a great day...Saw yours pics supporting ,you look gorgeous as always :)”
Abundance is in large part an attitude. ~ Sue Patton Thoele
#HKC off #CBB 4* WIN last night w/ Texas A&M has a CBB 5* MAX PLAY TONIGHT in Bama Auburn game !!! Get it Guaranteed @ BPOSport.com
A dance of storms, a swirling calamity of abandon, a raw outpouring of life & light, flashing jagged images of a runaway world, gone wild.
yeah that will do it
Don't make someone a priority in your life if you're only an option in theirs. Life's too short to be second best when you should be first.
Are you coming to dia?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY gorgeous! mad kisses and love (and chocolate raspberries, m)
Doing the girly girl thang. Bubble bath,face mask, nails, eyebrows, weedwacking.
A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
is a surprisingly uninteresting Twitterer
If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success...
you're a freak.
13.5k tweets, you are on fire!
This was given to me from an old friend....
RT "if you’re earning a million dollars a year, you shouldn’t get special tax subsidies or deductions."
good for you. I know you are an excellent business man. You are an excellent man :-)
With ALL due respect, Akon's mother is a gorgeous woman.
God Morning Followers #IFollowBack thankyou to all my new followers!!
So exciting to be able to vote in the South Carolina primary today.
Are you as #bored as I am? Even makes sense when you read it backwards!!! ;)
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
let's keep it going, boys. M-I-Z!
and when a hero comes along with the strength to carry on; and you cast your fears aside; and you can survive...
YES! going to the concert with it's going to be so much fun. :D <33
Dear Wisdom Teeth, You weren't invited to this tooth party. Sincerely, Jeff's Mouth
George Jones!
not when the Viking game gets blacked out 1/2 the season! Then we get to hopefully watch a far superior team !
or the 3D movie puts on glasses to watch him.
Quick, somebody say something funny.
I can't wait 2 see furthur at Beacon, since I'm locked out of seeing phish #YEMSG I wish I was in the bay area 4 NYE 4 furthur
RT : MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
25 is still older than my age!
I have only been to L.A. twice but I went to Canter's both times, LOVE THAT PLACE!
Wishing all a safe & happy holiday/new year. Duty calls, but will check transcript #solopr Cheers ~
Reading Mauldin's latest Kind of mind-boggling GER doesn't realize/acknowledge how big of a deflationary hole continent is in.
Awesome! RT : In case you missed it, Tweeple, you'll be able to vote for #xfactor contestants on Twitter!!
green on black polo socks, celts snapback, green on white jordans, purple on green weed... guess its that
I was even getting to like John. And I will miss John and Jenna!
In 1979 Soyuz32 cosmonauts grew onions,fennel,parsley,garlic on board, mushrooms "with curly stems" Supply brought a tulip for them to bloom
u r now bing fall o'd!
Get an iPhone. /applefanboi
maybe Billy G knew he would be a defensive star in the nba and didn't need to waste time dropping 54 pts
The way i'm feeling >>>
#6 "I've READ all the books we have. Twice."
RT Trust in the Lord. This does not mean we must understand everything (or pretend to). It means to trust in the Lord. By faith.
It's downloadable, so tell everybody to enjoy!
I survived the great fire drill of twenty ten (t shirts will be available soon)
Pop is a hard drug.
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a great weekend!
Why would u have advertising boards where the camera can't see them?
Idc if you think im ugly. Stupid. Weird. Im being me. So shut up!
There you are. I guess just something wonky with my feed. All we needed was to start talking I guess.
It's curious how one's own old files can seem like mementos from another life.
I thought u were a fashion model. Don't worry I don't do that. ": stop trying to take my job"
future millionaires, what's our plan?? I'm still trying to be a Reality Star, Ron said he'd support my dream...
I love
Do you have a photo album for your pet?
I just want to drive around town all day blasting Goldie and Big Spender. is takin OVER
Lol so Jamal and his friend just left lol the had me rolling when my daddy came in they got all scared
RT Yup. Pretty weird for a team like this to start its All Star vacation early. But that's what it looked like.
you don't like them?
I get anything for free in the concession stand because im working in the press box @ Eastern
There are 15 people in front of me at the postoffice. One open teller. USPS Failz.
RT : Value of engagement is about getting to know audience, delivering value/relevance, translates to loyalty
...... I love how you favorite all my tweets ;)
A4: Yes! Relying solely on networking online misses the human connection factor. Face time is invaluable!
Lean toward trusting rather than withholding trust.
Today & Tomorrow we will be Shoe Shining at a #Medical conference at the Marriott Harbor Beach Resort!
Well thats good news, cause The Fades was a total failure up until the last 3 eps.
RT : Q5: When choosing a brand, what is most important to you?
Tomorrow July 13th its a double dose of BS - Start your day with on Regis & Kelly then go to bed w Blake and Jimmy Fallon
moved? Oy. Grab a coffee one of these days, shall we?
WOW just wow
Rizz...pick me up a nice NY Strip! Welcome back from Goodyear now get back to work...
Drink a sixer of Mad Elf and get back to me.
I know I just read it lol. She better say something to us...
Dear and you're about to make my weekend. :)
And to all the followers who have been following for a while...hi & thanks too!
Stop taking the long way....
joshpeak....i appreciate the follow. -douggieb
Can't decide if I should eat before bed or not. Am I really hungry or just think I'm hungry? Here goes another trip to the kitchen to gauge
Are these things why you you didn't respond about your big pending deals? Toyota etc?
Thanks for helping me with my story! You were great. RT TY for the write up!
National politics and workplace politics can be a popularity contest.
What's up elliot's! and ! Thanks for the follow dudes
immature is what boring people call fun people.
Zhang: Engineers would like to see where this money is coming from and where it is going to.
what do u mean saved both crews?
for sure. I was just a bit amused when I found myself getting less out of a feature designed to save me trouble.
Definitely ready for the weekend. Got a pile of apps opened, and totally blanked out on what I'm supposed to be doing. WTB Simplicity...
well thanks! (: u are too!
the last thing you tell a girl is that she's fat.
Breathe! RT Hear the 1 abt the stressed out woman who shut her head in trunk of car? No? Oh right, I didn't write the post yet.
when someone comes up to you and says you and your bf are cute together , and you have this huge smile on your face {:
~ even as an adult (from last tweet)
nothing really just alot on my mind and i kinda need help with what to do but noone will help me
Life is full of surprises so why not join in and make a few surprises of your own
So glad you like the new Twitter background! RT: Im sporting a new, custom profile design at twitter.com/soinc thanks to :)
I think about #oomf all day long.
Good morning fashionistas
I'm a dancer.
Don't fake like you smoke when you don't or talk like you're rich when your broke
"Black Friday" is only one week away! Let us know what you think our sale deal for that day should be...
thanks! you're an awesome buddy.
Even though we haven't spoken in 2 months, I still miss him like crazy -_-
Happy birthday (:
Chewing on popcorn kernels...
Team Tea all the way!!
Sitting on my new couch... Watching the #Rangers on my massive TV... Ah, life is good.
They now have 4 methods: 1)Ignore 2)Dismiss 3)Attack and now 4) Just Steal It!
i really hope you get tickets. You never know, you could still meet them.
Not immediate, but TONIGHT NEW FENSTY SPORTS VIDEO! I'll give you a hint who will be a topic: SODNEY RUCKEY! And CP3 of course
Dear Guys, Cheating Is Not An Accident, Falling Off A Bike Is An Accident..You Don't Trip And Fall Into A Vagina "/
First Day Of School!Wish Me Luck!8th Grade Here I Come!!
I'm a big fan of the awkward one person flash mob...
Madison's jacket(;
Facebook, take note. If you need help creating your Google+ page let me know. I've been spending some time with it. Clean and easy.
Remember...only the messenger...AND if you blame me, you MUST give me credit for nice days, too! ;)
happy birthday! ur legal go do wtvr u want ;) jkjkjk luv u!
Own it Jen it's yours for the taking <3
Be confident in what you know well, find a ton of people much smarter than you to help with what you suck at in #startup, #business,
watching ppl resolve huge tech issues makes you feel like your work can be done by a trained rabbit. go and !
It is one busy HDDT Friday you guys!!
Follow at they follow back
#HowToAnnoyYourServer say you're fine with water but ask for a "kiss" of lemon. What the fuck?
Just finishd #foodies shoot at #Vermillion in #Alexandria for #NBCWashNonstop. Make my reservations! The #Obamas know where 2 dine!
": Haha :-) Happy saint pattys day Emily!"Thx you too :)
For the cynics & the skeptics, I'm sorry for u, I'm sorry you can't dream big, & I'm sorry u don't believe in miracles. -L.Armstrong
Sunday Brunch $7 bloodys $6 mimosas!!! Tomorrow Coa will be serving food & drinks at Klode Park's July 4th Festival so be sure to come by!!!
Why do you keep bringing that up?! It hurts a lot.. You dont even know..
Create whatever alternate reality you like! CASEYDOME
Was playing with 's Siri... That bitch does not understand me. Or she's just lazy and pretends she doesn't
A4: the amazing landscape & photo ops!
iv always wanted too know.since the day i met you, how tall are you?
#IndieMusic MP3: Arcade Fire – “Horn of Plenty”
Looking forward to bugging vendors w/ your questions at #mlanet12 - send 'em along in advance for blog consideration.
That was business ma'am lol.
Recent fortune cookie: "Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams." Love.
Blessed to see another beautiful day!!
I agree with all if thee above!! I can't wait! And we'll do awesome pictures!:)
I ponder this, too. For a start, it calls first for "every story, 2 sides" thinking.
Now that's powerful!
The good news is, I'm on my way to hear a lecture by Jennifer Holm, 3-time Newberry Honor winner and author of the Babymouse series!! :)
The one thing that no one can ever take away from you, no matter how hard they try is your skills.
yeah, I'm fine. Didn't mean to make it out like it was serious. Someone just ran into my parked car while I was in a bar. smh
666 followers? Really? You on that Black Magic!
I'm in the same boat :-\
I got u all day bro
haha its 7 bedroom:) not that big:) and well im not rich atall..i like to say ive got money.. im not a spoilt brat:)
I stole the keys to your car I'm going to drive it as far as your gas tank can get me.
second. we have a 2 1/2 year old daughter
I still feel such ownership of that Women's Bios project! Go, you guys!
I know right!!!!!!!!! There so gorgeous:)<3 lol
RT Samsung Says It Will Report Record Quarterly Profit: The world’s No.1 memory chip maker said it was on course to r...
Cheney vs. Powell: One manipulated and dealt in the dark while the other still is respected for his integrity! Dick named appropriately!
Now go do the podcast!
I block every single person on my Who To Follow suggestions.
Working on a piece about flood damage to farms. Contact me if you are a farmer who wants to be interviewed.
I hope I make it to wrk on time
oh, no, I don't use weibo. I just heard the Internet language on it is super fun and 前卫。
What are you up to with #manuscripts today? Wish I were working with some - instead cataloguing physics journals.
Needs to get my portfolio going, or i will be stuck hell cutting wildabeest hair.
Been trying out Google Music and the iPhone app gMusic. Definite thumbs up.
I will miss seeing at Tip a Tiger tonight :(
Well it's called the theatre of dreams for a reason. We all have big dreams. #GGMU for always and a day
How do you make sfmoma tagging game available to visitors? Do a lot of visitors play a little or a few play a lot?
it is amazing. I just have to keep doing the right thing.
Dress shopping tomorrow 😒
wanna be a rapper
Ugh so hungry
RT : LOL Umm, the heels would be "sister"! DM…>>>Very sorry about that, sister! I need more coffee!
Getting ready for a relaxing weekend. Definitely going to see Inglorious Basterds at some point.
Latest Time & Newsweek Covers shows how desperate both publications are. Offered 56 issues for $15 & free clock radio!
tell us your fav brazilian food or drink .... we'll be running contests when our food promos kick off next month ....
Final fall grades are due tomorrow. Check them on UD's mobile app!
Great job!
The real lottery is how many lawsuits will be filed in coming weeks. What's you over/under? Winner gets to share the 25 I just found
" talkin permanent....for temporary " problem is that actually makes sense to me.
tightly rolled up jeans with brown boots. It doesn't feel like this is anything new, but it's almost ubiquitous
thanks for following! hope you like my tunes and can give me some spins on KFAI :) let me know if you need a disc
Its about time to make things right
you need to. It's awesome.
Indeed they are #TeamGrindHard -->
Ready for the new month! Hi may, can't wait for the summer weather you have to offer >:D
It was going great until facebook made their 10pm change. ;-) Busy...trying to launch this week!
yeah go 2 mediapm4.com there's movies on there u watch for free that r still in the movie theaters
I was told I was beautiful the other day. I was so happy because beautiful is so Mich better than being called sexy! Js
I liked the trailer, great work!
Indeed! And I can't wait to do more work on Thursday!
got me drunk so I would do more work. Help, I have the worst boss.
Oh no! When / where did it happen?!
idk i think so
It's like you'd have to beg them, "Please, will you follow me please??" I don't beg, lol!
LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Metered parking sucks.I understand the need in populated sections, but ridiculous for areas that could use more business & traffic.
RT Corny but true: “If you want the rainbow; you have to put up with the rain.”
Maybe Grossi will put a chapter on Kokinis in his Children's book. "GM George drank lots of potion. Then he got angry!"
we did have it but yal wasn't supporting us so we figured yal didn't want us using the name
Can't Stop This Thing We Started?
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a BeastiesBoy Concert? YOU NEVER WILL. THIS IS A LOST IN RAP HISTORY.
I just realized I stuck an extra "a" in there. Oh ,my speedy fingers :-)
Worth mentioning again. Meltdown approaching. RT Anyone not following should do so immediately. WOW!
God bless America.
yes and now your car is gonna be lookin good now that you have a job princess :D
Bought the new Febreeze flickering like box thing. Adds great ambiance to the room.
working on getting speakers for an event. Been best way to contact. Really not liking ppl who I can't DM.
Curly Weave? Yes please! LOL There is nothing like a
#ThingsIWantInLife for everybody to be kind to others. Can't everybody just get along I ask you?
Fighting is for boys.... Talking it out is for men.
When Charles first saw our child Mary, he said all the proper things for a new father. He looked upon the poor little red thing and blurted,
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
Why do I always venture to trader joe's, which is across town from my new place, while it's raining?
Can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio! Oh ... It's going 2 happen!!! Ask, Believe, Receive!
I recommend Lifetime Christmas movies.
i’m proud of all of you for reading this. it means you are avoiding real work. smart move.
There is all kinds of good stuff to do in Kentucky like Kentucky Down Under check out our website for half off things to do.
GUESS WHO VOTED FOR LONDON?! ;)
Show tonight at Sub/Mission! Doors open at 8, show starts at 9! BE THERE!
So you're "drama free", yet you're the one who starts the most shit..
Rode 22 miles.
Not good. Hope it has been taken care of. Good luck!
I'm not a bad person. but I have done some stupid pointless shit,just to learn from the mistakes and make me a better person..
Oh Hey! just wanted to tell you....I LOVE YOU! (:
have to admit, #hockeyman and #cheeseface put me to sleep for a bit. Missed the 6th, thank god.
what!? By what I can tell by the pod and announcing you're brilliant!
RT : Suggested command for tonight: "everyone who wishes they were Danica, start your engines" but they wouldn't go for it.
They are fantasticly punk. I was not expecting it at all! Can't wait to here more at Holiday Havoc...
Ha ha. Too funny... RT : If you see me collapse, please hit 'stop' on my Garmin. #cycling (via )
Thanks for stopping by! We hope to see you again soon!
Congrats to on winning $10k from 100Urban entrepreneurs, started by a Latino Wharton grad
You're cute:)
We gotta plan a day, me you and alexis can go to the mall, get something to eat and yall can spend the night :)
5 pages down, 15 to go!
THESE LABEL SIGNING NIGGAS FROM THE HOOD WHO ANIT NEVER HAD SHIT SO THEY TAKE 60,000 RECORD DEAL NOT KNOWING THAT ANIT SHIT
yo u tryin to go to the street league
All it takes is riches to get bitches to undress.
It pays to bowl #bowlbrokenarrow. Congrats to Gary G and Joe R for hitting the Pot O' Gold mystery game. Each won $313. Proceeds to BVL
#iReallyHateWhenPeople text me "call me" you could've just called...
i cant afford to go to mars lol and of all place in the univers u choose mars??? eheh
I cant watch anymore football. So i watch Despicable Me instead. Great movie!
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife. Amazing peeps.
": Love comin back to Bama and grub on some #DreamlandBBQ!" yeh u rite! Who Dat in
someone to talk to I'm an emotional mess
Who wants to watch Duck Tales?
Break out the wool coats people! It is COLD!
love the tats
Have you ever been in the "Wrong Place at the Right Time"
I'm thinking about calling in to shit on again. I'm a big fan uh…I mean…HE HAS BALLS.
you should listen to #levilowrey. He's a lyrical genius. Can I get an RT?!
Brought my lunch, apple, pear, cottage cheese, pretzels in a Taco Bell bag today. The irony amuses me.
Every singers needs a process for learning material. Listening to a song is not enough to really learn how to sing a song
omg yea that video is amazing hahah seeing as he once said he doesn't dance at all
I know it's crazy! The boys have been crazy writing.. Hows life!?
yeah, he's alright lol.
Very strange and often an improvement.
hey man get well soon youre my favorite player.
isn't it adictive ? Oh. Today I likes your face.
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterworld! The word of the day, according to Peter Griffn, is "bird."
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye."
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
I miss yuh too
And I quote "teacher's need to be more like you Mrs Frank, you know what's going on!" Thank you G Block student! My happy for the day! :)
You shouldn't have been a jerk...<|3
Films and Tickets announced tomorrow at noon!
RT if you have pics all over ur binder!!!!!!♥
is excited to be watching the #Padres tonight!
If I hear that Sardines and Pork and Beans song ONE MORE TIME today.....That is a nasty combination of food!
/ Hey Lady! That is very sweet of you. How are you?
Hi A&B - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love Bordeaux & see you're crafting a Right Bank. Gr8T!
find any new spots fpr good eats and drinks? Stechinno in Hells Kitchen has awsome Rye Manhattans!
Keep your eyes open - we'll be announcing new pricing in the next couple of days. How about a free drop-in to try it out?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.29
See you all there!
Great way to spend my birthday. #TribeFest w great people in morning. Fly home to have dinner w my kids at night :) Thx for all good wishes
I'm already black as it is hahahaha
I need to speak with someone in your billing dept about fraudulent charges. Please contact me thru DM
Amazing! Singing Rox in the Box too I hope.
I kno u talking bout me bitch. Lol.
#TheWeightOfANation is great. Some people are just clueless.
Time for my French lessons with Rosetta - good stuff and was really helpful - I'm definitely going back to Bordeaux next summer!
You are beautiful ma
i hate that you're so tired but you can't fall asleep. i also hate taking naps after school then not being able to sleep at nite
#IHateSchoolBecause have silly teachers and boring material that is perfect match for hate
dos you enjoy the food
Tonight sip on a glass of Casnati, Malbec, Mendoza, '06. Paired with our Churrasco, its like going to Argentina sans the jet lag. Salud!
hahaha! Nice. And the lobster...I remember liking the lobster (can't remember why).
You could just give me an advance screening. I'm told I'm good at keeping a secret.
I never knew you looked like a fruit cup btw
I need to go swimsuit shopping I want all types👙👙👙👙👙
i should be getting there around 12ish
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
Do not apologize unless you have done something to deliberately hurt me~lbjk
Miami tonight?
Acai Berry Infused Bath Salts coming next week.
shorty you're my angel, you're my darling angel
I'm so excited I started working on meadowlark today in voice >>>>
am loving that dip on
Thanks for sharing our post, Zarko!
Pat Summitt : Legend
Make me come alive, Come on and turn me on, Touch me, save my life, Come on and turn me on I am too young to die, Come on and turn me on!!<3
Henna is so cool :)
Denied the right to travel to Tel Aviv, Palestinians cant be "Standing in line to see the show tonight"
After some religious study prep, doing some personal #bookkeeping today.
We got it in last nght with the new vip sections...stripper poles make girls do strange things...lol
awe, that means he was thinking about youu. ;)
Haha DetoxLounge is $225 for 3 days!! U can keep an eye out on Groupon/ LivingSocial. I see deals all the time 4 random ones
Finally finished voting today for ALA/YALSA/AASL elections. It was fun to get to vote for so many people I know!
This required online career class for SPEA is annoying and it's only the 1st day...
I never knew that dreams could come true
Should be amazing second half!
Apparently if you have half a voice and are from the UK....you're gonna have a single released in the US.
My question is, what film and music video director that you haven't worked with yet would you like to collaborate with?
Good morning glad ur feeling better hope u have a great day! Did u watch the Devils game last night!? Crazy comeback!
thanks for following! keep in touch :)
Haha, yeah, I'm in the same boat as you guys!
Hey Here's My Number 1800-NOT-TELLIN So Call Me Maybe . (:
He does
I was actually going to say that but intentionally waited for Brad to respond. Called it.
You have to want success as bad as you wanna breathe
Talking about a past relationship doesnt mean you're still stuck on it, sometimes its a reminder not to screw up again
Big Bill welcomes his new followers. As I said in my 1915 election campaign, "You're going to build a new #Chicago with Bill Thompson!"
goofy was my favorite
sweet. Can be available on Sunday whenever needed for server setup, just let me know :)
秋茄子は嫁に食わすな (Akinasu wa yome ni kuwasuna) Meaning: Don't let yourself be taken advantage of.
I have no idea! We walked out, got about 3 steps away and heard this awful noise. I turn around & the door is just hanging there
I wish but I'm going to the Edward Sharpe concert at the Greek. Next week?
good luck!
I wonder if I can do anything to get to make fun of me at his show tonight. Find us, Tosh!
never forget the UN-FORGOTTEN!! 2010 official limo rally champions!!
You must do that again.
I swear Lidge wants to give it away
Wow congrats! I'm starting next week w a group, what was your favorite meal or recipe during the 21 days?
Our stomachs hope so, too :)
this shit sucks
Extremely impressed by the National History Day papers that I'm reading for tomorrow's competition!
Had so much fun at prom without a dude on my arm :) love all my friends dearlyy :) now to after prom :)
'Storytelling is powerful, and we can all benefit from it.'
thanks for the follow back
Bellissimo. Will check out his writings, stat.
go Wheel or go home.
hope everyone is enjoying the weekend :) get outside & do something Fun !!
bout as badass as when he guaranteed a win vs UK
Im always stayin up late, and constantly regretting it in the morning!
Need suggestions for the weekend? Read tomorrow's "Out & About" by in the A&L section of !
Live your life!
pretty good(minus the exhaustion part:) can't believe he could be here any day! How is your precious baby boy?
Thank you, UCLA northern lights employee, for not charging me for a container in which to eat my cereal. Much appreciated
Out with the cold, in with the woo. - E. Marshall. Yes, spring is in the air.
Lets go titans.
Seafood night!
#BossLady Boost: Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength....
follow back please :)
We can shoot out that way save up that $$$
I want you to WANT to talk to me. I really don't think that's too much to ask.
spending Valentine's day at Wisconsin dells with Brendon :D
Song of the Day announcement coming up soon, keep listening
Ii Wish All My Tweets Were Funny, Ii Cant Understand Half Of Them, Then Some Dont Even Make Sence, Den Some Are About Insurance!!
make sure to bring me a coffee and bring a notebook to take notes
thx for the love!!!
The Channel just came in to potentially shoot a reality tv series about Chicago Messenger.
LOVE the men's photography!
. Yep, a small one but he said you just never know on a commercial scale. He literally pantomimed rolling dice.
RT : I guess the whole equal protection and enjoyment of privileges and immunities of cz means nothing.|No kidding!
Financial Checklist for Widows and Widowers in New Relationships
maybe cause wah!- Hidden in the Name is playing in the background.
o, there's nothing like your favorite taco stand finding you on twitter. Hey !
After a period of no tours due to finances, Touro Synagogue will resume giving tours on May 3 with volunteer help. Yay and go volunteering!
Nonprofits, follow for some key tips re: fundraising. Important information!
I don't have your number momma dragon! -I love you too-
If your gonna PRANK CALL me, don't accidentally call me with your real number 2 seconds before you call me blocked.
oh sad!
For lent I'm giving up...giving things up. I have a feeling this is one resolution I can stick to.
Aint shit on tv... Bored outta my mind
See, i'd love to watch your Ads on youtube, but im afraid if i dont Skip it, you'd get the impression that i give a fuck about your product
Follow conference in Doha tomorrow & Wednesday with
I bet my fam better be somewhere in the next friday movie.
Some very good points here... others I would call interesting. Crystal Bridges is always a fun topic. Thanks for sharing!
#NowPlaying The Zone - The Weeknd ft. Drake
That's what I was thinking!!!!
MSMQ: You don't want to restrict a standard to the people who already know what it means.
Scientists have found a cure for colorblind monkeys. Glad they tackled that first before moving on to cancer.
I Hate The Snow! It's Way To Cold!
When remote debugging a process on a 64 bit OS, remember there is a monitor for 32 bit processes, and one for 64 bit processes
I do
Shoutout to the only Heat fan who hold them down when they getting Hulk smashed
that's just wrong. Good for you on the veg pledge I don't have the willpower.
I DID I DID I DID BUT UR A FAKE
what a delight to be surrounded by such inspirational group this evening! What a great night!!
do you think if we get enough people to complain they will change how the leaderboard works?
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle I Am Legend
Setting my alarm for 5:40am gets more difficult every night.
haha. I thought you might. And thanks for getting through the whole thing.
Do you want a free Telephone System for your business? www.discountedt1s.com
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut. #Amen"
Will something please happen in this episode?? Haven't we waited long enough??
We've had one textbook question tonight. I understand the financial concern, but suggest renting when I see all copies out.
Super cute! =)
Just got a cheap.. I mean cheap motel in Arizona. I'm afraid someone is going to murder me in my sleep. Pray for me plz :)
And I hope you've seen the light cause no one really cares: they're just pretending
Thanks, Ron. Best wishes.
Strikes me that we need more important games against foes to generate a good clean hate.
Picked up some Six10 epoxy this weekend. Working the repairs this week in prep for bottom paint!
lol that cracks me up, I May try it today
well do some eff'n sign language then!!
Happy thoughts create happy molecules, and healthy thoughts create healthy molecules. ~ Deepak Chopra
Ugh. Time Warner Cable Is Fucking Up! I'm Bout Ready To Throw The Cable Box, Remote, And Tv Across The Room. =/
stayed up late excited about inventing new vegan recipes and cookbooks that have already invented...
to us... "no neither one of you is a true player. Either am i though" well done #bsider!
Hard to watch WSH & CAR, while Tim is leading the Broncos!
im trying...
she's stunning everyday
im well. torn on HOF. Can get $500-700 for ticket.might b bust, n fillmore show was so cool...dont think HOF could top it
Wine anyone? Tonite at Teak $10 off bottles!
omg Im lik such a huge fan of she was my favortie girl outta all the bgc seasons! Im following her #sweet!!!
I'm in akron this weekend I'll probably be at ATOG on sunday morning!!! S/O to
RT : #YoungPeople: Let's talk about how the #SocialSecurity trust fund is not the same as #SocialSecurity's revenue.
is too busy with her 20 boyfriends to talk to me....
our website got a virus the what a pain,I mean to do something just for vandalism I just do not get.
In honor of Fenway Park's 100th birthday... Everything Red SOX is cleaned for FREE today
I'll take Napoli Anyone seen Jane mcgarry lately?
“: & ... Tonight was a good night at ” everyone had a great set!
Can you tell us which team and when Did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race?
Is starving! I skipped dinner but had an avocado and some left over soup and pirate's booty when I woke up at 2am... need breakfast!
YES! : instead of "same sex marriage plank" how about we stop the piecemeal games & do a FULL EQUALITY #LGBT PLANK
When your ex calls you babe -___-
New backcountry skis are ordered and on their way. Now if it would just start snowing.
LOL darn twitter
Leave for #Aruba in less than 10 hours!
James Reston~ This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
Schumer Coburn; marriage of convenience RT I'm wondering who is going to be the first bipartisan couple to break up after SOTU.
Rule of life: Buy Low, Sell HIGH
Jason, please ask Aaron why the back shoulder throws were off this past week. Where the DB's playing differently to defend them?
Inquiring minds want to know : Where, are the whores at?
How you a math teacher giving a 6 page essay that you want to be in MLA format and work cited
When things go wrong, i try not to go with them :)
Hey Just asked an ACE employee and a fan at the trolley stop what they pegged the crowd at. They said <15k, maybe 10-12k.
im starting to get annoyed with being single, ijust wish somebody worth my time would step up already -__-
Penny off the big bang is........sexy
Missed the bus..again
Doin all this for prom made me dumb tired boiii and got more to do 2mmrow
Hey , I'm making your grilled Thai steak salad for dinner tonight.
One highlight of today: finally meeting in person! She's a
-Jumping Jay Flats just came on the playlist. Made me think of you! Haha
From social graph to interest graph - NOW the Sentiment Graph. Imagine knowing the emotional triggers that drive purchase.
omg this little girl need to go to sleep!! hahah
Chanting makes it important.
Madd shout out to what more could one want super sexy who follows back go follow her guys
Yeah me too, since plagues
Live band: Chris & Jack @ 5 don't miss them everyone loves them!!!
You are welcome! Looking forwrard to following your Tweets ;o)
If I could punch you in the face right now, I would.
Its cold outside Warm up downtown with Pasta e Fagioli! Cannellini bean soup with Maltagliati Pasta
Need resources
Hazanvicius. I am so 'appee!' Interviewed him and every time he said the word "happy" it was just adorable. But don't diss Uggie, dude.
Seriously hating storyboarding in Xcode today
Crying myself to sleep..
treat your OCD with antibacterial soaps.
I hate you but I love ur mom;)
This KU regime is turning out to be worst than the Terry Allen disaster. Somewhere, Mark Mangino is ...........
they need to reward good host school and find new locations for poor hosts. Some host schools are terrible!
Battle raging right now between my level of tired and my desire to watch last night's Game of Thrones. Who will win? Stay tuned...
omg Congrats I have to come see u or u can come see us
Jealous! RT : SPECIAL DAY! Uinta Brewing is serving 2 RARE Cask ales: Jalepeno Cut Throat Pale & Double Dry Hopped Hop Notch!
I used kttape on my shins last summer, it helped.
Loves #kindle text to speech.
Cupping 3 coffees this morning: new Ethiopia Yirgacheffe, Guatemala Carrizal, and more of Brazil Bob-0-Link.
reebs? oh man
Deep Gold will finally be released in The Philippines. Watch it in theaters August 31st!
Have you become a fan of our facebook page?
Well it may not have been in your plans, but we'd like to say Welcome To Milwaukee! Hope to see you again (on purpose) soon. :)
never :p
I'm sorry franchesca :(
Wow--random and interesting
Thanks so much!!! i really appreciate ur support!! :)
My BlackBerry is still not working and Tmobile will not respond what does one do when customer service is so bad.
Two SLA NHD projects compete at State tomorrow... very excited for - real potential for natls!
I just had a two hour drive from Columbus to Mansfield to think about why a 3C rail is a bad idea.
call me
so dramatic
Call in 713.652.5080 or shoot us an email at
I hope it will be xfactor Eva
still haven't switched to the new twitter...
