lmao i love u
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web. While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Hey , Is RL Cafe open for dinner on Sunday Nights?
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth?
“: "I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there."_____Oscar Wilde☺” love this one...
Me to lol RT : I've blocked a lot of people on twitter lol
Going to go support In septmber at the nokia! Make sure to come! She's AMAZING.
be sure to make us a stop on ur route--we're just steps away from kelly drive! we're open for dinner daily plus weekend brunch!
because you were tweeting yourself a minute ago!
how u been
About 6% of our FF users (who make up 20% of our total) are still on 3.6.
Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age
Suitcase = packed.
That fight today Q(-_-Q) lmfaooo some girls should just stick to talkin shit & rollin they eyes .
Awesome (Lucky) TD by the #SeattleSeahawks. Too little too late though.
Been a rough week. Hoping to take some positivity into the weekend.
RT : Listening to explore his past mistakes in business at #sddchi. Join me in the main auditorium!
Driving around with C:
We're going live!! Hello, Madison!
I'd be a great law-talking guy!
just got back to LA. I was in NY for the #webbys. Great show!!
i wanna see itt! :)
lol I Didn't go out... I think I have stomach flu :(
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper 😉
With regard to #Art and #Architecture ... enjoying the dialogue between + on issues surrounding
Time for #DEXTER! Love this show!
Okay... To much like Twilight. Tanned guy and vampire going after same guy... o.o
this is unreal, Lincecum clearly can't find the strike zone and the Brewers are still swinging away, just brutal
Keeping #ANC up-to-date every day #FF:
Apparently someone wants to rape my children.
i'm pretty close to having enough for an ebook…40k words...
Thanks for the follow!
At a party at Gloria Swanson's old house. View from roof is outrageous 360 of LA. I love this city.
stop with that :)! It's me that's blessed
love it :)
who didn't respond?
good job garrison
Awesome. Come back soon. RT Introduced to the world of Thai today. was a great first experience.
Sending out positive vibes and gratitude into the Twitterverse. Have a wonderful day!
I get my degree this year, I'm starting my first film, I'm getting a new place, and I'm writing. Good year: )
Nice 5k! PS. Has my constant cheering support of your #runstreak gotten annoying yet?
You been down wit me from day one, never gave up on me, im so #Blessed to have you in my life. Ima the world know who really makes me happy.
Can you feel how envious I am over here!! Look for my brother. He's going.
ADM Directors Approve Change to Calendar-Year Financial Reporting, Declare Cash Dividend
kicking ass on
We'll be working to put presentation materials online after mtg; also look for videos of selected sessions.
So probly woke up to like 5bil. Notifications From me commentin on his pics ;D
I could seriously go for 's honey & BBQ sauce grilled asparagus right now!!!
: RT At press conf. announcing Aspire program helps MI students graduate and prep. for workforce.
RT : "Make the most of yourself, because that’s all there is of you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
BIW supporting on Tuesday in London at #excel , plenty to talk about, we help lots of public sector clients.
"I was to blind to see that you were too deaf to hear me."
we're big fans of live tweeting sporting events, leading the conversation around a game
; sure, whatever you say. :P
well i better quit the limes ... LOL hope you're having a great day
word!! I hope it goes well bro!
lolol NO resist the urge!
I replied
Thanks for the RT. Have a lovely day :)
i could helpp :/ maybe pick out a few shirts that you like & i'll try to choose from them? :)
what up fam!! Yu ready for this #CrackHouse video!?
Casting ocean city commercial today in oc & rehobeth for details & to audition email pic to All types
I know bro It did look like the dale
Application to Graduate in December 2012: Submitted.
petty little girls I swear. She wanna talk shit and not back it up, bitch get to stepping if you ain't bout nothing
Happy B-Day to the "King of Pop" Michael Jackson
It's awesome, but cuz of all the spoilers, I expected more -.-
still trying to figure out how to add friends to my Google+ account! LOL
RT Steinberg effectively kills #AB1208, controversial bill 2 strip courts' control of it's funding. Says he won't refer bill.
how many people call you nigguh? really.....
Happy Halloween! Everyone please be safe
Not the days I look forward to at work
RT : sure I will do a and #dccodeathon session at #TCamp2010 ! thank u for asking!
Happy "Day before Cinco De Mayo Day" everyone! May the 5th be with you...tomorrow.
Andy Rooney: I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
AJ Pierzynski makes me look well-adjusted.
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at
Amazing show last night! Between the rockin music & swag to the awesome line itself-LOVED it!
Rain rain go away!
Have decided......only thing missing from that last photoshoot was a motorcycle....and with that image...*Drools, Faints, Dies!*
leaking the ads creates buzz, traffic to website.
Just saw #TheAvengers. I know I can be one for hyperbole, but honestly that was one of the coolest movies I have ever seen.
Remember we went to the Burgh to visit your fam and your mom handed me a broom and said"take care of this for me"
Bring it on!
I agree.
moving to the coffee capital of America is not going to help you. Oh jeez.
I need a girl with a fat fucking juicy ass in my life .......
RT": I cant listen to a whole album full of Dolph.">>> hell naw!
likewise. Thank you for putting that on. was so great. I really had a blast!
Charles Blow's column: slashing Earned Income Credit (as you did) jumps poverty from 16% to 18%. Children-18.2% to 22.4%. Angry.
that's about the sweetest thing I've heard all day!
what is it, what is it?
Contact the Pitmaster at (512) 771-7357 to cash in the deal!
Who else has an obsession with 's cover of Born This Way/Express Yourself ?
I happen to like your distinctive laugh. Should be the 'National Laugh"? LOL
I know.. Bit of a break for me before I return to licensing contracts, donation projects & my own office work.
#FF Author of "Lot: How Real Estate Came To Own Us," an enlightening look at the financial crisis.
who's in the Bay area ??
Pep is playing around with that sweater collar, he knows it's getting tense.
I was with him! We were probably yelling about life and frightened you off.
I feel like I have excluded twitter from my life......well....life with no twitter=no life...therefore...I was dead. :D
Just heard the song Savior by for the first time. Genius.
Testing the Twitter Transission
hey good to 'see' you! sorry the cued up songlist is twitting out of sync, doing catch up
Jiddu Krishnamurti~ Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
think the world is entertained with my energies... it loves it x>;D
I love that I can be myself when I talk to you.. :)
If you brew your own beer, make sure you talk about the process loudly at any party you go to. SO INTERESTING!
Enjoying and The Power of Erma
I wanna be a fly on that wall!
Oh my hair is not cute>:o
hell yea
Practice by drake (: my song
Thanks for liking our video!
Gas went up .51 cents today. Fuck that. That must be why my ass hurts.
I see I'm gonna have to do something big
Rmber all those things u said to me how I was the most important thing in your life how you would nvr let me go well look at me now im alone
I don't like to wait around either. Express Lube can service most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
then the weekends you're busy going to parties haha
Looking forward to drinking some green beer today.. Happy St Patricks day to one and all!!
I want to borrow slides from Dracula in FRBR Terms on Slideshare to include in a video I'm making, FRBR for the Rest of Us.
ill bet someone knows stole her iphone.
has it's first worship gathering in a long time tomorrow night at 8 pm! Worship with us in the City Room!
Damn O didn't take you long to jump off the bandwagon !!! 32-2 not to bad !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!!
I'm going!
Agreed! RT : and were great blackjack company at
you is so beautiful #Rawrr 😊
I have some that semi-dismiss hard work I've done by saying I'm "very smart" as if that made everything a total breeze.
Combat intelligence gathering exercises on the Muchraka on mount Carmel
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
Who needs to eat when you can have a #ManiPedi instead?!
are you by your computer???
"Obama Accused Of Treason At Romney Event" #huffpost For being a Hawaiian citizen!
good grief
Fuck youtube advertisements
Do you subscribe to the CrossFit Journal? There's a great article that Greg Amundson wrote.
skype me today chump...
I'm the next sinbad let's show CBS we can do this, all of u r on my team.success or nothing!!!!
“: As it turns out, does not age. Mama's rockin' it out, looking amazing!" You can't be serious.
Methinks the 80/20 rule applies to BRE focus too. 20% (probably less) of firms contributing majority of econ growth.
The audience clapped @ the end of #the avengers
No I meant door. Maybe I just thought the door handle was fancy, but I thought the door was too.
Sweet!! Will send later...so excited:) enjoy your day.:)
I heard the bell on Jelli! ....Big money, big money, no whammies, Stop!!!!!
goyte does not sound like mumford and sons. gtfo my pandora -_-
Me to, lets hang out.
LOL IM MAD AS HELL
woo hoo!! I agree! I cant wait! Where are you going?
Did you inbox zero just in time for the weekend?
Amped Wireless UA2000 High Power Wireless-N Directional Dual Band USB Adapter - wifi adapter
108k with 4 left. One guy has all the chips.
Angela Merkel just saw her pal lose his job
Agreed. I wouldn't switch. That tweet was more intended as a good-natured poke at fanboys
watching the Puppy Bowl VI with Bambi...getting ready for the Super Bowl...Colts vs. Saints...Go Colts!
AYE YO PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I'M ON TWEET LIMIT.
can yall please hurry..I'm sweatingout here and it's nasty!!
Things I didn't know when I woke up this morning: tiny country Uruguay is 1 of 7 countries to EVER win the
Will totally post baby hummer pics when they hatch.
I wouldn't hold that against them. :-)
WTF was I thinking!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it
you know I always have a hug ready for you.
I'm sag can you use me
It's been near 80 years since the U.S soccer team beat Italy. Klinsmann definitely gets the seal of approval
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep~Thomas De Quincey
Definitely gave an amazing performance in #TheAvengers . He was devious in all the right ways. Bravo sir!
Happy birthday to me(: haha
We beat Jets game one, in NY :-)
The hardest thing to do these days is prolly giving a fuck
We're giving away tickets Come and get em!
Don't kiss me kiss my penis
Definitely. I've never been to a movie that got more constant, visceral reactions from the audience.
Hey, Brett. I'm looking at your crowd sourcing iOS text editor spreadsheet. I don't want to mess anything up...
I had to listen twice due to his accent but I like everything about Kwaku. Thanks.
yeah, I'm with y'all. Might get to see one in lex in sept! :) & at least we know we'll see beats at forecastle👍💃
Oddly Amtrak is way more anal about checking tickets that Metrolink. Maybe they take that money and use it for safety.
On twitter, I make myself sound like I always want food. x]
#continuingtweet... No matter what team it is hahaha
Not sure if yr DM is sarcastic. Didn't post anything on Patience yet, sadly. Big translation/proofreading project came through.
hope u feel better:) you are in my prayers
lmaooo that was my breaking point
Just got done muddin @ Hog Waller now it's Timmy Time:)
yeah boo boo ;) be tannin it up! 😉
rolling on second action !!
what Is that. I think I just vomited a little
Israel Ambassador to the US, Michael Oren, on Colbert...love it!
#foodallergies.. are tocopherols soy-derived? Great question.. I have NO idea~
NOPE real twin
This Heat game is serious as fuh
Team members don't have 2 b perfect, they just have 2 b the best they can b. That's my definition of a winning attitude. -Mike Krzyzewski
#smbmad FYI for the next event this is the correct hashtag.
Oats, peas and beans and barley....grow on farms that set up at Scottsville Farmers Market. Check us out til 7:30 this evening. ;)
i already followed lol can i get a follow back please :)
Let Computer Works 360 save you up to 80% on your IT and phone costs if you are a 501(c)3 Organisation.
NATIONAL NURSES WEEK | POEATREEMAN on Xanga
I think this is the part where Braun hits a homer and everyone goes to bed happy
Retribution! And, do you know the zoo keepers monkeys too!
.. and getting all set up back home. thats why. my skills have not suffered.
As we wrap up #FashionShow2012, we are deeply grateful for the outpouring of support from our sponsors, volunteers, and community members!
Even if it scares you, you still need to know.
see you december 3rd :') you're coming to my town!! this is crazy! nothing fun ever happens here!
and how can we expect them to use it responsibly if we don't model it for them?
I just wrote and sent my first query letter. Excuse me while I go throw up now...
I have a crush on a player oh
Pretty sure they played NCAA teams. And I bet ANYONE before the tournament would say Dayton over Lehigh
Today's affirmation: I am a special, unique person with much to offer the world.
Thanks GMO Kumagai-san answered my question about "Lady's first", I will start taking action to change myself from today.
I say go with the second pair.
#DontBeScared , Irene probably won't wipe me off the map. Probably.
The 're heeeeerrre...
"Sullinger thought there was contact" And water is wet...
hahahahahhahahahahahaha (evil laugh)
are you going to #TheLazyDog Friday?
The dream team if there ever was 1! MT A #FF of some of my favs
follow me back ayanda
I'm having a love affair with this italian beef sandwich.
"you smell like handled change"
Wife: I had no idea u'd be running an ultramarathon. Me: It was an easy 34mile run. Her: Running 34 miles should never be easy.
Where can one buy this breadless clam chowder you speak of?
😳 Reality check
that chick gotta name!!!
You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
inbox is at 13
My tummy is grumbling, time for lunch... fast food today. Not healthy... bad me.
It is already Sunday...
Playing with someone's feelings
RT : According to KY3inSpringfield, there's 1 reported casualty in Buffalo due to tornado damage. Most of Buffalo&Branson w/o power
#Celtics down by 13 points, 45-32, with 3:38 left in second quarter. Read 's last tweet to see what that means...
I really miss you , I hope you realize that , but we're not gonna be away from each other forever , just till next weekend (;
Have you ever googled yourself? Crazy the shit that pops up!
As great as it was to watch the Broncos knock the Steelers out, I still think it would have been better for the Ravens if the steelers won.
Been a stormy morning in #nwi so far.
Got a girlfriend now :))
you are mister rogers.
I just survived going cross country with my mother wedged in the middle seat between complaints & complacency.
5 more likes until we hit 500! Share with your friends, family, co-workers, & strangers!!! Let's hit 500 today!
“: city girls > country girls” lie.
I only do it one way, Big or I don't do it at all!
Beam Me Up Scotty!!!! Theres No Intellegent Life On This Planet.
God....that didn't come out right.
I live in Vegas. Boyd casinos are old and no longer cool. Station Casinos are the future for off strip
Haha it's only natural to be biased in that situation.
rise and shine..
My new ringtone freaks me out! It came with my theme!:o
Thx John. Hope your trip to High Point was good... your booth is going to be awesome I know...
Kept waiting for part where relationship goes sour, realization protagonist wld have been better off w a Kindle/no book 2 write in
I GIVE UP IN SCHOOL. I HATE IT.
hey... how do you like a tweet?
The best part about the first of the month is changing the calendar page.
which is something you are great at! Maybe we should talk...
Yo hello twitter!!! I guess there's a first time for everything. Cheers to my first "tweet"
gonna be awesome
M I love Aveda.
But fuck who you want and fuck who you like;) Miss you
No. No no. My TL
Remember one thing this week: Ted Bundy was a Husky.
hahah yea that's not gunna happen
RT if you lurk Justin's tweets (;
Lolol that girl is cute O.o ??
If you haven't seen our new location come today we have lots of new hats,shoes & eye wear (:
no worries bro! All good over here, got a few new projects I'm working on...how things with you?
#TarheelNation great season!
If you know me you know i be thinking franklins .
Mink Tonight 21+ 903 E Bitters
Did you know? Goodyear Rubber Company researched and concluded that shoes wear out faster on the right foot than the left! (ok?!)
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and trash the chips!
spelling doesn't count w kissing
Good night! 😚
Had a great lunch today with & Who knew the 'panini amore' from Dickey's on I Street was so infamous?
What’s your best trick for getting into a club first?
944 has a brand-new, REVISED editorial calendar for the rest of 2011! Lots of cool changes! Email me at for the new version!
thx for another great event!! Learned lots & made some great connections
Yesterday was the last day of my academic break and today begins "break" (still away from DC, but studying). Not happening.
Nice - First I have heard of it! Shows how much I'm paying attn to Twitter lately! Can't make it :(
Clemens? Zapp & Roger? Roger Rabbit? My dad? Lol RT U are the only Rodger that I've ever heard of.
Short hiatus for the holiday, but we're back next week...you guys want a written workout for home?
Rest in Peace my sweet Aunt Louise. Matthew 11: 28-30
i wish today was a day me , kaitlyn & could have our girls day :/
We do all we can for our kids. We put them first and they know it. Our employees should view their leaders in just the same way.
Love that suggestion, but when we tried to do that for a friend in October, they wouldn't give us one because it was a weekend.
Coming up at 7:30 new guidelines reveal how smaller amounts of lead are dangerous for children. Tune into the
Maximize your plan design simplicity and pay on results, not activities adds
fck u bitch....im studying too...last exam then summer...ima hit u up after its over
Social Media integration in the Latin music industry used it during
Reebok toning shoes refunds for all!
Yes! a most awesome mind/body movement form. engaging your chi is healthy and fun!
I can let you know later today!RT : Yes let's! I will be in the office on Wednesday, how about you?
Does the Bundesliga's new $3.3B 4yr contract position them to surpass La Liga?
*smacks my lips* just had ta fck up the mood !
Workin on new originals and covers!! :)
"Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle."
#NBA - OKC #Thunder G James Harden named NBA Sixth Man of the Year
Got caught
you've become what I hate, sold yourself for a bit of fame
Does anyone has a good suggestion on how to consolidate contacts? It is getting un-manageable
Museums have their own #ryangosling #heygirl site. Where's the "Sh*t museum people say" video, already?
Check out our story on #Syria tmrw night on the premier of #Rock Center with Brian Williams. reports.
Be yourself.
That is technically a crate, but the puppies are very cute.
immediate death.
There is something very perfect about my 1 month old sleeping on my chest while watching the 1st place
Nw : the hustle charlie murphy "Darkness"
at 12.5% they really sharpened their pencils
Hey :) how are you, hope you had a great weekend and I hope you're doing well!! Miss you!! Take care!! Much love!!
ok. do you have a recording of the tune?
I forgot to ask you today if you're all caught up on Glee now?
Clinched the win in my fantasy super bowl last night
I hate being sleepy
“Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.” -- George Washington
coo I can't complain. U?
Apple store in Waikiki
my friend is a "disaster a day" junkie. they actively seek rack & ruin & are happy about it. they believe - world ends in 2012 anyway.
Great Southern Bank Assumes Deposits and Purchases Assets of Maple Grove, Minn ... - MarketWatch (press release)
not yet, but I have a feeling its going to be spectacular
Just had a nice flip-off sesh with another driver. That's my yoga.
So Who is a fan of the new FB Timeline?
In class about to take a test. I'm extremely tired lol.
Listening to Chris Standring, sounding good, very Smooth Jazz...
I'm not sure what we'll learn today, but I'm sure we'll learn something!
Heading to North Georgia mountains to cool-off for the weekend. Hoping for some cold weather!
Just found out my new friend, Thunder, died. His family is so sad, and I am so very sad for them. (:<)
: Oh yeah! People have been saving space for centuries!
“: #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I realize my 10 year old cousin has a better phone than most of my 16 year old friends. Wtf :S”what?
Oh wow " sexy and I know it " by LMFAO is #2 on much music countdown :( but on the upside "haven't had enough" is #3 :)
This salted caramel white mocha from is divine. I think I have a favorite drink for almost every season!
r u back from Bahamas yet?! Or r u never returning ??
oatmeal chocolate chip cookie might be the tastiest thing ever made
I do too c:
no I haven't. I will have to check it out next time!
erroneous on all accounts, Kobe has 17 triple doubles in career. Killed it tonight
Awareness brings us back to the present moment.
I just had that and it was so good
YES! You're officially one of the #dtla foodie crowd, now.
The Guidonian Hand is performing Conrad Winslow's Dilating Music at Juilliard, Paul Hall, Mon Oct 19 8pm
“: The Educator’s Guide to Copyright, Fair Use, and Creative Commons http:/ /bit.ly/xEEVJK via ”
I know. I have to tone it down on here b/c of the activism. Lol.
what are you talking about?
We know not everyone is comfortable baring themselves for a traditional massage - but at sanctuate! there's no need to undress to destress.
Dishes, then going to lay down & watch the game.
just followed
Deep cries out to deep cries out to you.
abdomen stitches are the worst! So easy to rip open. Hope you recover soon. Glad they caught it early.
It was dispatched and Fire truck is treating. A second medic unit has been requested for another person with a laceration.
you should follow me and for tweeting you in school <3
#ThreeWordsAfterSex - Bang Bang Bang
Anyone out drinking in the north hills tonight?
yea! That would be bad ASS if you really could. No worries tho. Were gonna try n get a show out there this summer.
What do you think of our new profile pic?
Okay fellow cataloguers for medium line of a work with typewritten elments, would it read "Typewriter ink" or "Typewritten ink" ?
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hate when they get the tears and screaming, it's not necessary
What's your high score(s) on Flick Kick?
Ran 2 miles+ today, because it is National Running Day!
I don't know of it's available in English or online, worth a search.
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Vagina Network.. Follow me
Days like this make me especially proud to be a prof. Looking forward to hooding 2 of my doctoral students. Congrats Drs. Neville & Ludwig
oh didn't even notice. well, yay internet, everyone's a winner today. (also, on internets, look at my latest tweet)
Are you guys all ready for #JaneLeno?!
Just found I have a photoshoot with in June!!!!
That was my plan (+ or -) but some customers have suggested author (which seems fraught with peril). Thanks!
I love a bit of goalies punching goalies! Haha
The transcript is actually right there on the website haha
thanks for following!
You're welcome! Your stuff is beautiful!
Thanks for the #ff!
Apparently he has, GOP certainly is over-run with "Selective" Memory of past. Amazing how they transfer their mistakes to PBO
I'd set it to my ringtone. But then I'd just expect bad news all the time.
Fccrs...u fcc her u brought her!! Lmao
Had an amazing weekend with my one true love and now I wanna start this week and get it over with so stoked for high school to be done with!
Guild Wars 2 Collector Edition looks sweet!
I tore ligaments in my hand playing wall ball. I was 23 at the time
Hamilton won AL Player of the Week. You should be mad at Beltran!
Hey Ted. Will you be in F same time as usual? I have money to give ya for book of mormon.
Madonna number 1 on billboard charts, beats out lionel richie. What year is this?
I thought people like you were called "fruits".
its bday tonight
hello sisters! Just getting started with my workout.
Money rules the world, bitches make the world go around
go for another chimichanga haha :D
looks like a fucking moron. Unreal
Party later on! But not excited at all o:
is killing it on the back 9 at saddleback. 3 Pars and a birdie to start
more homework. with a side of football.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ~Albert Einstein
"Im still in my prime " - Lil Wayne
"Don't let anyone talk you out of your portion of JOY."
please follow me i love you.
Would you like to send condolences to Janeen's family? Click below to View the Service Information, Sign the Guestbook or share a...
Confucius Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
nm, u spelled beautiful wrong thoughh
- in spite of the "Yikes!" I assume that "Congratulations!" are in order.
“Goodbye? Oh, no, please. Can’t we go back to page one and do it all over again? –Pooh”
Amen. Sup, you?
Blanco gets an IF hit to break up the no-no and the perfect, and puts Friedrich in the stretch for the first time all night
definitely coming for #TBWII festivities, but do not have tickets to game yet.
Happy Mothers Day.
Man on the phone with his bookie on the bus next to me?
The 44? What, are you coming over to my house?
nice. I love jeeps
#newarrivals premium dark denim for women & men to update your wardrobe. Men's department has new dress and sport shirts for work and play!
woe! I just graduated from barbizon. Its a blast!!! Hope you make it :)
Hahaha RT : "Hey, I'm going to ask you a question and then disagree with your answer" - 98% of the people on Earth
I think against your will is more exciting, for me atleast...
Happy Mother's Day! You deserve a medal ;)
I HATE when people subtweet talking shit say the persons name in your tweet if you got something to say
I thought Harden traveled
We all say "fuck you mom" "i hate you mom" "get out of my life mom" but really, we love our moms, and couldnt live without them.
hey beautiful!!
I love to cook. Even though I only cook ramen or indomie..I feel like when I cook
Let's show america y we are the champions
Just met this morning with Aaron Schock (R-IL), at 28 the youngest member of Congress. R's in IL believe he's on his way up.
GO Fanny pack!!
Who dat? Who dat? Are you ready for some football????
According to Bremer: Valencia has one of if not the best arm at 3B in MLB. Interesting. He doesn't even have the best 3B arm in this game.
and btw, me and watched it once, then we wanted you to watch it the second time.
Watermelons for practice.
First stop on the red solo cup tour The Stage on Broadway
“ - ppl sayin they're above the influence of smokin weed but are quick to take a shot or buy a bottle of vodka ...”
In other news, 2014 Butler target Trevon Bluiett scored 30 points in Park Tudor's win.
Authentic Reggae Lovers...see you at the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest show THIS SUNDAY. Yellowman,Marcia Griffiths,Freddie Mcgregor and more
What The...?! What the fuck just happened? o.0
People that buy brand new cars... seem like flat out idiots to me!
Thanks for the plug, buddy. Really been hitting the non-profit sector hard the last few months. Will you make it to this event?
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. ~Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
thanks for following(:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!
If you are in Real Estate add me on Linkedin to network
thx for the love! :-)
The aqward moment wen the door says pull but u push and hit ur self hard!
Gonna be a busy weekend!!! Excited about it though
buzy was in Vegas #CES2012 so was bieber and scooter now got 3 hrs of sleep wake up at 3:30 back in la doing this Aussie event
Look for our student editor panel at the NCTE Annual Conference 11/19/11! Top Editors will discuss the PHS submissions and editing process.
Thanks for the RT
haha I noticed!!!!!
Shucks. I'm going to go next Friday; I'm sans wheels tonight and BS is not going my way. If you still have my card, email me!
Headed to ! Gonna hear some excellent musicians and play a couple songs too.
Deaf, dumb and blind. "I get money"
next time were say hi to each other ;)
Thanks Shelley! :-)
Super excited to shoot with Blake Robbins and a bunch of other amazingly talented peeps this weekend!!
I love how is on the "stay in school" commercial from State Farm....the guy who never went to college #ironic?
fair enough. I really will try!
yeah I did..I miss you too..I heard that the new guy won't let u come back..I'm mad about it..you can come to mine tho
Ah, one of my favorite neighborhoods. I hope they tear the whole mess down -- it's horrible.
Great moments come from great opportunities.
All these different types of tablets out there, and none of them do what I want! :(
In high school they use to call me Pablo the first!!! I still got it;)
Yep but she will be amazing! :)
Everyone looks so sweaty all the time on DEXTER. It reinforces my decision to retreat from humidity.
THE BEST! I enjoyed your tweet about the Lannister family motto :)
I think I do, if it was a cute contest, I think you would win tho , I'll give you that one xP
#ReasonsWhyILoveMyself I dont follow other peoples paths, i make my own:)
Way down deep, I'm really very shallow with a very deep end.
am I allowed to follow you back, because last time I checked I'm not even allowed inside you?
Jordan's Hitler 'stache migrated to a soul patch & has a jheri curl. Morph into 1 person & become the ultimate 70's porn star.
Aw yea GM
no problem!
OMG my wrist is killin me
Love you too.
She say freestyle so she can learn how to spit
Yav yav yav it up. Summit is less than 12 hours away.
Big Bill offers his expertise to any attendees of the G8 Summit in May. Angela Merkel, call me if you need a plus-one at the banquet!
Yes he should be.
yea buddy
Pingstagram seems cool. I pinned a photo but it didn't go back to the image or name the person. Not sure why.
wtf? You no getz sushi too? That no fair
Chun: "Nobody googles your name more than you do."
we are at Maggie's place watching basketball too! Heading out after the Kansas game.
You too.
It's 4am and final race prep has begun
I know I talk about fashion an style a lot but there's other parts to me as well. I LOVE SNACKS an mini cookies or baby cookies. Lol
My gym schedule: Monday - cardio. Tuesday - weights. Wednesday - bike. Thursday - 5 week break. Repeat.
No. Cool. What category? What place?
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then 😏
Packed up, ready to go!
My boyfriend scolding Bank of America on the phone for their sneaky evil is a beautiful thing.
This account will be closed in November. Please follow my main account ZTAMS Thanks!
my other roommate (theres 4 total) told me she was our 4th haha
Anyone have a gluten-free solution for burritos? My boyfriend can't eat flour tortillas. This hurts my heart. Help!!!
ha!! You really think I have went 16 years without watching that at least 47 times? It made my day because I got the reference.
happy birthday girl. Cant wait to have you visit LV again!!
I actually have a story about tin foil hats... but I can't seem to dig up the old newspaper article.
My bro thinks he's doctor phil asking me plenty questions I don't mind but I don't wanna deal with all that right now
What's your major? =)
Rainy day with the little ones, about to watch some classic Disney movies
Strangest/most informative caller ever this morning. 140 characters is not enough to explain this enigmatic man. Ask me about it IRL.
4 years later and I'm still ardently avoiding spoilers for The Wire. It's time to resume my viewing. Season 3, I'm coming for you.
BRAZILIEBERS NEED DR BIEBER uhm, wasnt he just there?
I'm sorry , but is just butt-ugly.
i Gotta Big 40Cal IAH SHOOT You Up
Good night Twitter Family; 5:45 A.M. comes fast, quick, and in a hurry.
Yes, we do indeed get to watch the greatest 2nd baseman in baseball play in Yankee pinstripes!
Today great HHr great food, great music ,great place, stop by after work and enjoy!
"blue flu" has hit the east side of detroit" cops to residents that rely on them for protection: "FUCK YOU!"
buy your own lights. you can make your own light show
Why do girls picks places to eat in #Boston that don't have Cheap #Beers? I refuse to pay $10 for 2 beers!! Get a 18 pack of #PBR for $10:)
whoa! my pay chq is 1 day early!!
So mentally tired but hoping to power my way through Zumba tonight
Damn you plague. Damn you. Home bound and ill - day 2. Who has the time or $$ for this? Looking for a strong rally tomorrow!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight Only on LATalkRadio.com!
thank you!
Stromboli has one of my fave slices. Also loved that service window with fold up stainless counter. Saw them drop a whole pie once.
It's not too late! We'll still have water bottles, chocolates, and buttons to giveaway for the next 75 minutes.
On my way to in Jeff City to see my co-workers but miss watching the #Packers game.
My Son >> "This is gonna hurt Dad, so you might wanna stand back very closely" LoL
yeah baby the BULLS are kickin it
Imma keep it real FOR LIFE!!!
Brandon Marshall for 2 3rd round picks. Ill take that anyday.
I need to start handing out my cards no.disrespect it should be a crime for women to.walk around looking like they do smmfh!!!!! @ yall
I'm going to celebrate Daughter's Day on Mother's Day bc there R LOTS of us out there who had 2 swap roles early in life! Here's to US!!
please follow me?:)
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
#ifIHadaDragon I'd be really, really rich.
Ma'am. You are gorgeous.
thanks! My wife has an iPhone 4s as well, I am just torn between android and ios... decisions... lol
I got a new iPhone 4s today too. It's been a good day!
Thank you! I'm also a card carrying Slow Food member. :)
sorry they dont
i am seriously tired 0_0 lol!
#Np Asking Alexandria- Another Bottle Down. :3
When the night is fallen,and you cannot find a life.Feel your dreams are dyin,hold tight..
zimmerman is hispanic
Say what?
#iamamentor because it provides meaning in my life and the lives of others. Volunteer today
All for ONE & ONE for all!! Vote yes to
About to sit in watch Twilight and see if I feel any different about it...
Next week is gonna be so weird going to all our classes in one day.
RT Today's the day! New uniforms being unveiled at 4pm!
my dads stupid -_______________-
Making each step higher than the last...
can u get me and 7 girls a table this Saturday?
The guy next to me at the #dcaddys is getting upset because is cleaning house.
whatever you say pal lol
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. ~Carl Jung
So if David Stern publicly comments about flopping and how it needs to stop...what sort of secret agenda does he have?
How do you differentiate between accepting a life style and respecting a lifestyle?
RT : Get ready! Tonight LIVE IN THE STUDIO comics superstar ! 8-11 PM EST! wfmu.org! RT this!
: thanks babe:)
i am a licensed bureaucracy detective (not for hire).
Sunday funday continues ...
Michael jordan Airfare * Shoes for Football | Sharing Reviews ...
RT : wasn't that a movie with Jack Lemon and Goldie Hawn #prollynot / Think I missed it, if it was.
You don't have to, but it would definitely help.
i'm shocked i haven't heard more buzz that incubus is going to be in #crew96 stadium soon- i know i'm not the only one excited, right?
it's a dog eat dog world!!! Lol!!!
is now averaging 2.3 cups of tears on the season - definitely putting him as a shoe in for all-time playoff tears leader soon.
loved the italian style wedding soup!!!
or striking thoughts on the state of our education system.
follow me...we gonna rep philly 2 def....
A day of rest and birds beneath dark clouds.
Turn on txt notifications
cool. i'm plugged in, i'll be paying attention.
Watch out for those hard stops. Easier to do than you think, esp in city driving.
When same sex-marriage takes over the world, where will the babies come from? #GayMarriage nobama
you can reach me at kelly.meeker (at) opensesame (dot) com - happy to help!
Does anyone else notice an abundance of zip lines in the #superbowl commercials?
#ifweweretogetherrightnow i'd be able to sleep.
Kids thought it was funny that librarians across globe were freaking out that #noodletools was down today, but they looked concerned too!
Is it me or olive garden service is horrendous?
May the 4th be with you
Q7: Your blog & Twitter page don't mean you know everything. Know your role, ask a lot of questions, meet a lot of ppl, be a sponge.
RT : Alternative fix 4 sweaty feet: sprinkle sage into ur shoes. A dash of these dry, crumbled leaves often does the trick.
Why does autocorrect change "oy" to "it"?
wat is it that I have to do
Definitely Tunnel Bar - great scotch.
Hey everyone! check our facebook for a rough demo of one of our songs! We're recording again soon, please give us feedback :)
Hit Like if you did 30 fitness minutes (or more) today!
Congratulations to the Austin Marathon winners! Great run today!
where do u want me to take you?
Hm maybe I'll just buy my bike tires from someone else...
I'm forever destined to give more than I get. And that breaks my heart.
RT @ ScienceChannel calling all #Firefly fans! marathon today on the !
Can Lebron win it real quick tho?
shouts to for being a most loyal follower haha
happy 4th july
Yesterday's black viewing was the first 2 episodes of season 2 of "My Wife & Kids" I forgot how funny that show was.
Tuesday Growler Smack Down Pricing: Bring 1 to fill for $10, bring 2 to fill for $9 each, 3 for $8 each, 4 or more for $7 each
#33 Very cool guy..Love following you and reading your tweets :)
Thank ya! #yourethecatspajamas ;)
1 Week till BC & VAIL. Plan to meet in Denver.
You're a good friend with a crazy memory....
Today's the big day. I'm about to flunk my first ever driver's test.
Thank you, Heather!
Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year! ;-)
okay! definitely (:
Harrington Center will be closing at 7pm to allow for preparations for a weekend wrestling tournament
AWESOME! Love the fact that Real Madrid lost out on the Champs League final. Mourinho must be hot.....
Borderline asexual.
Jason and thomas
im def not a twitter whore like u. Acting like ur shit dont stank. Takes a hoe to know one. Besides I have a life outside this
♥ 3 words, 8 letters, 3 syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, One emotion, Many meanings, A big lie, Yet a rare truth: "I Lⓞⓥⓔ YOU"♥
But what about Woods? RT : And Matt Kuchar (-13) is your PLAYERS champion after a final-round 70!
Robots. We're robots.
so airlines keeping friend on phone hold for over an hour now. canceled fight without notice. avoid them.
thanks buddy.
I got a wireless HP printer, a few blue ray DVD players & some other random stuff... Nothing to major tho...
Off from work like YEA BITCH; lol I'm ignorant
Enjoying my first lunch from sign Thai using goboxpdx.com
Yeah, I'm reactivating my FB. I'm so bored.
Flashclash up next... #SXSW2012 free American Coney Island at Palm Door, beer, Cake Bites, McClures Bloody Marys, Valentine Vodka and more!!
It’s not information overload, it’s filter failure. Clay Shirky. We’re the filter.
Did he find the dog under the table
Congratulations to on his college commitment to Miami of Ohio. A former LA Select, Ryan is captain of the LA Jr. Kings 16U team
really ??? Discounted Big Macs and Large Fries? lol
really loving your responses RE: my Q "In my dream museum..." Especially "there's lots of cake & it comes alive at night"
see you tomorrow best friend love you!!!
so tired of trying to impress people, tired of being nice to people and them not caring. time to find REAL friends
My new friend took me to chipotle before work. Not my fav spot but what she ordered was aight if I may say so. Working all weekend but more
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment.
Why not Guest Bartend? Get your Charity and run our bar!
Just took a bunch of fifth graders to the front steps of school so we could watch the space shuttle Enterprise fly up the Hudson. Awesome.
Who the hell has the last name World Peace?
I wish I had an iphone or other web-enabled phone for
RT Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake whole relationships #Worstway #Unity << shocking revelation
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." Psalm 145:8
Good morning twitter.
it was such a great start for me as well, thanks for being there!
we need one more this period
2011 will bring exciting things for my peeps, accent-wise. Lots planned. Unveiling in a few months. Have a safe New Year's Eve.
Thanks thoroughly enjoyed it! We'll be back. Very cool place and yummy chow I even liked the brussel sprouts.
Today is Dallas Field Trip day with my parents, complete with food truck lunch. I'm look at you
I gotta do what I gotta do
Last night was awesome.
Speaker started with a great video then moved to staring at his computer, reading a paper w/o any visual... Sigh
Apologies! Am in SF on biz and haven't had an opportunity to log into twitter until now. What's your tomorrow afternoon like?
Come by tonight to try some Killer Cocktails at the NEW Blossoming Lotus Bar and Lounge ~ Meet the folks at the Lotus that Make it all real
She's a lil monster!!! Where the wild 1's go, lol:)RT : The party can start now that Milania has arrived!
Last exam of the semester tomorrow! Let's do this!
I get in the car to head to the Gym and on the radio is Adele. Get back in the car to leave the Gym the radio is playing Adele
#STILLLAKERSNATION WED. LETS GET IT!!!
Happy Days - 22 July 2011 - Jacksonville SHRM, at their regional Annual HR Conference, awarded me their Human Resources Professional of th…
is uber gay... go bak already and fire this dumbass CEO
"Got my Middle Finger Up, With a Cup and a Dutch Split; Hand on My Nuts while I'm Wildin Out in Public"
wr2 v. Brown earl bennett or m. Williams tb. Ppr. Thx at gym on iheart radio.
Before 24 hours ago, I thought "shagging" meant something completely different.
Got three hops plants today to plant in the backyard!
This is the twitter of the Bench Player Sports' favorite Reno Bighorns player. We hope to interview him next week sometime.
Strategy meeting with Let's make it happen!
Right now, Im just like..fuck your feelings, its YOUR turn to get the shit played out of you..Im going back to the old me.
true story: once found Olivia newton John TAPE in his SATURN
word what yall hiring for? Im bout to come by there today! lol
is on FIRE playing the Vivaldi with ! Amazing.
Typical #ManU coming through in the clutch!
It's a case of the sign snatchers. Better call CrimeStoppers.
Work hard,get better everyday so the last year=the best year of ur life + u can look forward to getting better each day. ~Lynn Swan
Has anyone noticed Wisconsin jobs haven't gone up much because firms unsure of political outcome? Anyone, ANYONE?
Wrong day to wear suede.
billy madison
I second that motion.
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Excited my last movie was accepted into a major film festival! Now I just need a plane ticket and hotel accommodations! :)
Midnight manicures and watching The Office. Maybe 10:30PM coffee wasn't a good idea 😳😳😳
Sushi craving fulfilled :D
new tracks comin to u real son
Sometimes givin' someone a second chance is like givin them an extra bullet for their gun becuz they missed you the first time.. ( -__- )
Don't care who you vote for, JUST DO IT! Many Americans gave their lives, so we can peacefully decide who governs. There is no excuse.
Glad that's your world. In my world...there is nothing better. It's my favorite thing.
good night! Thanks for a great weekend!
My god, I love The West Wing. I love it so much.
I think it might be too early to edit videos...more coffee!
Good morning twitter! =)
Is there an extension to add an iPhone like badge to a Firefox favicon to show updates?
The Requested & Fire From The Gods from Austin, TX tomorrow night @ The Hideaway Lounge, 1012 N Raynor, 7:00, $6! See you there ;)
This rain is not helping to get through this 6 hour class.
gracias! follow us
Slogging away. Y'know, sometimes prepping for travel is just as tough as the travel itself.
Dri-Fits going to and as each of them guessed one of the players first (Hyppa with Howard & Ford with Al Jefferson)
Good morning - yes. James was on the stand yesterday, yes? Is R capable mentally? Seems wobbly.
First book of the summer, finished. 29 more to go!
- Awesome site! =) We reached out to you via your blog regarding a position. Drop us a line when you can! Thanks and Go Yankees!
I miss everything about you.
RT : Ok Smiths, we are gonna follow you again now that yall are "active" tweeters!
That is going to be one amazing night!! So ready to get my tickets!! Is there a presale or anything?
but it's not perforce.
Do not call me that!
t's our pleasure to wish you a happy Customer Service Week!
we are open seven days a week there are many options available for you at the Palms Casino Resort I can put you on my guest list
Take the new expo line to the #Lakers game.
it's baby day for my family & I. Today our fourth, a girl will be here in the next couple of hours!
I find myself smiling when I watch your videos . ♥
it's literally so hot in my apartment. as much as i'm going to miss where i live, i will not crappy AC in horrible DC summers.
enjoyed pictures goodnight!
I am loving #glee right now!
how you been bro ?
How about Battlestar Chill-*arctic*-a? Double chilly.
If you REALLY want to support Fair Trade, please do it ALL the way. You can't own every Apple gadget and insist on buying Fair Trade Coffee!
check out Think they're @ Tom Wood (96th/Meridian) right around ur office
winner winner KFC chicken dinner...
December's already half over...hope you have all your holiday shopping done! ;)
Love it!
Lunch plans? Come on down to 280 Martin Luther King (near Alta) from 10-2 today for a delicious cheesesteak!
hahah speaking of that rapist, he's engaged!
forgot to respond to this. Yes, that would be great! let's chat. skype?
It's both. They tried to jack up the price quoted by $3,500 and then left to get forgotten supplies at Home Depot... in SEATTLE.
Lol! My friend told her man to fuck this boy pussy during sex and he nutted! Now hes single really what a world!
It will be an early Christmas - Tomorrow night - Looking forward to spending time with my kids.
I'm hoping I can be in the same school with her.
Music makes the people happier.
I just kinda stopped caring.
Haughty and misinformed political tweet designed to be condescending to half of my followers in a passive aggressive manner.
Going really well...how are things going for you? And you are so welcome...this one was so much fun to put together! :)
This Friday $10 to get in, $10 for endless draft beer. Euclid Tavern. We're doing a promotional show! there!
“They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.”
Go Brewers! Who is staying up late to watch the game vs San Diego?
LaRussa lifting Pujols is an interesting decision.
Hollywood we never going down
I'll help you figure that out :)
Try a Chicken Soft Taco Light on your intense gym days. This little taco packs a big punch with a full 29 grams of protein!
Who's going to the showcase tonight?!
RT I still don't understand how the fuq Jordan has the most trash team in the league.
what's a fan base
Simon does! But he only dances at Bar Mitzvahs.
Have a leak around your faucet? Check to make sure all connections are tight before replacing any of your fixtures or water connections.
I'm going to New York today :)
Votes for the Hot 4 at 4? Tweet me
Thanks for the follow Expat Intelligence (expatintel)! :)
Im irritated
I really missed reading your tweets today while i was gone <3 ,
Can you follow ? (:
Everyone I know goes away in the end.
haha you got that right! :)
"approximate dates?" We are working on Oct 4th - 12th at this time, but we are flexible depending on location.
Stay positive
Just catching up to #bruno #grammys performance on dvr...u right hes a jammin shorty, w/cool red guitar n big guy w/fast moves
Out in BridgeHampton at amazing Southfork Kitchen...Chef Joe Isidori is amazing. A must try if in Hamptons
: polyphonic spree concert... not for the faint of heart.
i'm hosting Quizzo at Cranky Joe's in East Falls 2nite at 7:30. Topics are Famous Philly PPL, HBO Series, Phillies & pro wrestling history.
Retro moment of the day: I actually used a floppy disk today to load drivers. It was very nostalgic to hear the grindy-grind sound again.
We feel the same about yours! Keep the wishes flowin'!
3 Baruch Bball alumni & 1 current player created the "OneBasketball" App to give players the skills that they need to succeed on the court.
Hope you find it. www.dogslie.
ha! the 1% stacking the privileged deck.
More excited to see how Crennel operates the offense! #Chiefs. Run up the gut. Leave McCluster on the bench!
...Or QBs that can run sophisticated offenses? Your marginalization of the naysayers is absurd and patently false.
i KNOW, so soon. Plus im back on degrassi, so that adds one, and true bloods back in july
Can't stand a thirsty nigga! 😡
that moment when your so cold so you lay in bed to get all warm, and 2 minutes later your burnin up :(
good luck with your revival! i'll be there in spirit.
I wonder what Bella's blood must smell like to the vampires. Fried chicken? Doughnuts? Candy Canes? Maybe Starburst?
looks amazing :) hope you are having a blast!
I agree... (sigh) RT : Upon further review, Suppan still sucks
#gcyale Dempsey: We need to educate judges about tech. That's what we got right in Reno v. ACLU.
getting ready for graduation on JUNE 13TH! :D
Can't believe I watched the entire #Oscars telecast last night. 5:30 a.m. arrived too quickly. Really need my this morning!
Bitches get stitches
: I talked about this conference at one of the NML meetings. I'll report back.
Ppl be on some hating shit way to early! lol how u gone wake up mad at the world?? Be happy u even woke up!!
Thanks! We'll check it out!
Yeah it makes sense if I was using an iPad, just seemed a bit unintuitive on a desktop. Didn't know what to do at first.
Thank you for the coffee and company! I think we represented Seattle nicely in the presence of our Boston friend!
… so I'm super excited about Tuesday! Just thought I'd let you know ;P
I am a US Citizen and looking for an #expat position in #Singapore, I'm also fluent in
have some class
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't try in school
Take two bottles of wine and hold them up in the air. That's how you keep your spirits high.
right u got what 3 weeks left? I know u ready for one after lol
Sorry Courtney, not your rose!
Playing that electro.
Yes indeed I did! Alex said she took good pics. Ain't seen 'em yet.
#Milwaukee Bucks & Brandon Jennings ... Wow! Let's play like that every game! Congrats!
RT : "If we teach them (kids) to eat healthy, they will take that lifestyle with them," rep Jean Schmidt. Brkfst keynote....
On my way to #HongKong and #Beijing - any travel tips for a first-timer?
yeah sloppy game tho, they better sharpen up for next week or they will bring home a big "L"
The greatest Glory in living is rising everytime we fall - GOOD NIGHT BABES 😘
Reaction to my T-shirt by a guy in his 20s: "Burger Chef? That's awesome!"
So spring is here but it feels like summer
So my mother just walked back in the house from leaving& not telling me & now shes callin my name she think I left out No im the front room.
here comes the sun by
#TeamAdam #TeamCeeLo #TeamBlake #TeamXtina I'm just a viewer!I refuse to choose. LOVE THEM ALL. <3
Aw. What a lovely thing to do.
I love the no matter what weather it brings!
For what it's worth, those are people he knows. Nothing he'd hide from. Nevertheless, point well taken.
Planning my trip to Indiana next wk. 1st stop: library at IU, then ! cc:
ha!!! I love it! Working with Chelsea and Joke is amazing. I couldn't be happier.
at da crib you at the studio?
DelRey loves you too stuntman we will throw someone down the stairs in your honor!
:) screamed when came on stage absolutely
new profile pic-- dont know what i think about it :/
"My parents were immigrants - comprehensive immigration reform is important to me." - Martin R.
Not to make this all about me, but Davy Jones passing means the survival rate of my childhood crushes is getting suspiciously low.
Warren Buffett says he has early prostate cancer
please follow me if you see this which i no you wont i feel so left out
cause you hate me
Pretty Amazing!
Maybe Clippers do have souls. Was that effort and teamwork??
Albemarle County Service Authority has gone into executive session to discuss cost-share allocation for wastewater projects
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
People ask me what do I pray to, and I say first tell me what do you bray to. < Arya of the Hills >
coughing is the worst. I hate it.
Bum ass nation? We are the best fans in the Fuckin NFL!
hearts are to be earned... William Butler Yeats
Thx! I need to find a way to work in a monthly breakfast mtg in NY so we can cook up other ideas. Gr8 to find a fellow #impinv wonk!
MKG with the quad injury. I hate those!!
Slowest day EVER!
Happy Birthday Jason Aldean :D
We are not BULLETPROOF.... THIS IS BOSSPROOF GET IT RIGHT!!
Brian Urlacher is on my flight. Which is neat, I guess
“ , you don't have to wear make-up to be pretty ladies .”
Tomorrow= studio!!! more music!
Snap Fitness tonight. :p
Diggerslistcom: the BEST place to find your remodelling supplies. adultwellnes
Happy MLK Jr. DAY!
keep in mind that I am a free agent...please contacts agent for availability.
Peace and God bless! HE>i
: "you know how people say that when boys are mean to you, they like you?" me: "that's probably completely inaccurate."
and i hate talking on he phone, lol
And we're the ones with the bad attitudes! It all is so tasty.
Thunderstorms on the way here shortly, I'd rather have stayed in bed
You'd think a full cup of boiling hot coffee spilled onto a remote control would render it useless. Not today. Take that Murphy!
Betty White for next years halftime show?
In my defense I ASKED to be home early. I barely got to be home. I go to the bathroom and get yelled at I HATE MY LIFE. There is no impress
Pats vs. Giants. Uncle Jim's salutes the Superbowl teams! Pass the cheese...
oh. IKEA. I also want their bed with the storage underneath. So I can keep keeping all this useless shit that I have.
*mexican status*
“: The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it. -Wayne Gretzky”
Business briefs: Mortgage rates hit new lows
Are you @$#%&$@ kidding me?! You don't steal someones cart at Target just because you like what's in it! SECURITY!!!! This is dog eat dog
I miss our freestyle battles .....back in the day rapping
#DearOomf I think ur a bitch!!!!!!!!
Very good article!
thats where ur wrong. im not a captain. nd its not an excuuse its a fact
This Stupid time difference Between ANd Me Is confusing the hell out of me... wish he was here:/
Witnessing the Great Gravy Shortage at Hudson's on P'tree.
I want to go coning (:
I'm going to paint it a fun color
Ponder says mn has greatest fans in the world. Wants to be in mn rest of his life! Wants to win a Superbowl here
it is absurd that ignored all questions regarding marijuana on his G+ hangout even though they received the most votes.
Live Laugh Love .
Hi! I'll check that out!
that looks amazing
Boys think of girls just like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
thinking about Black Star, Thieves in the NIght "there's never no in between"
RT : &amp; lets make this run family,I'M MENTALLY READY TO GET THIS SHIT!<<LET'S GO
i wish puck had kicked his ass. that hockey player is a shitty person, he doesn't deserve to play for the ohio state university
Place was pretty good. Their garlic noodles were tasty. We need to hang out again soon. :)
i feel you i thought i was the only one
the men, the food, THE SEX! Lord have mercy!!! I'm in love with DC!
#SilverSpring #planning + #urbanism tweeps: Does MoCo have a master plan that addresses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of #DTSS?
Oh...i believe in yesterday..
the one on erie is closed. where the other 1 at?
Chick-fil-a participates in Orlando and Tampa Bay markets and offers FREE Chicken Sandwich. Posting January 1st, 2012
If you burn a bridge, you better know how to build one.
got it going too. Gave up after 15 min though. Tried after seeing ur pic.
Huge news to announce to our email list subscribers. Sign up to be the first to know. Announcement Monday! SugarBaby Swimwear Rocks!
Black Taxi at Dada. What.
wmata is full of nothing but idiots.. Plain and simple.
Seated and tweeted Gotta love a menu with a cover on which 1st words you notice are "jamón ibérico." And ipad drink menu.
Yeah, Johnny!
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
At this poetry spot..... I hope I hear something good
What's processing in skulls as eyes stare and swap places?
beautiful photo, the stars look amazing. Makes me want to visit.
Boot scootin boogie down 2nite. Meet some friends in low places. Shane Byrant playing 9pm Drink specials start with first yeehaw from Shane!
Seals new CD Soul 2 is out tomorrow and today Heidi & Seal confirm they're separating which is so sad. Interesting timing don't you think??
so excited for cross
The "Green Zone" for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub. All welcome. Any company, station, shift. "Love you, love your show" is all you need say
Medicine Savings - Discounts up to 48% - Target - VYTORIN -
Today's Insider Branding Secret: "If you don't define yourself, the enemy (your competition) will!" - Gore
u can if u want idc
oh haha I'm closer to the beginning lol
good stuff? How was the meal??
Oh no, this is about to get ugly
People just anything...
The Cake Boss episode that I played on for the Perillo Rolls Royce Chicago opening is on this Mon, Oct 3 at 9:30p CST on TLC. Check it out.
I feel so unloved
Happy One Year Anniversary to my wonderful wife Lilit. This past year zipped by; time flies when you're having fun with someone you love.
Its Wedding Wednesday. What colors are you predicting for 2012?
no AC on the bus? I hope the ferry doesn't get too drafty for my nap.
Your tweets are hysterical. Thanks for the laughs
Today, O's/Jays w Buck Martinez, Hopkins/ Maryland w Terps p-b-p guy Steve Stofberg & meet the "Queen of Tailgating" 10-N/WNST.net & 1570am
RT : Sam smith: I can't name one Samuel Smith beer that I would buy again and I've tried 11 of them. Bland Euro-trash
cause that's Cold
If you never left that could've been me. You could've been mine and i would have been yours.
good call ;) good to see you! Two weekends in a row! We're on a roll!
Is this the nicest Friday Indianapolis has ever seen? Maybe. Probably so. This weekend is looking awesome.
If everything I'm reading about it pans out, Ridley Scott might make you laugh at your tweet come this summer.
going to burst in joy
I love it! Thanks for letting me know :)
I saw you but no hug? 😭
Putting an archival collection online might be fair use regardless of whether it's transformative. Look at traditional 4 factors!
Teachers who understand what it means to be a student are the best teachers. Adora Svitak at
. "They get black homophobia history month but if you bring up WHITE homophobia history month, YOU'RE the racist."
#UpAllNight was AWESOME. I'm so excited to see where it goes this season :)
20 pounds in 20 days? Check our FB for 1 of our client's photos. www.facebook.com/LVHCG
no. :( what a loser. lol.
And that will do it...GO GIANTS
I don't know what's happening in Europe... But they are raising their boys right.
Jet-lagged.
Awesome -- Paula let me know when you're here! I'd love to say hi and meet you!
might tumble stalk ya
thoughts on #robparker story about atlanta being the worst sports town?
New York's hottest club is Veux..this club has everything, pirates doing stand-up,mego's..you know that thing where midgets drive lego cars
Let me guess, it's just 2 games... Right?...
The Yankees are winless, but I'm stilling enjoying the Red Sox season so far. Get that beer and fried chicken back in the club house!
Hello Atlanta! #halfwayhome 🚙
Hi, do you read sci fi and fantasy? Who's your favorite author?
I saw the silent film The Artist tonight. It was really good and I recommend it if you have the appreciation for those kind of movies
Lol Me To..
Great fun with the ladies of Hopewell Baptist (Monroe). Great surprise and gift ~ guest speaker Phyllis Foy knew Marks mom!
RT : Why do u give? Inspire others with your tweet. Answer the question: #WHYiGive ... the best tweet chat in...
Thanks for the RT!
Think pre-orgasmic tingly, but slightly painful, like needing to pee, only in your boobs.
mac on some cupcakes!
Late night talks with
haha! if you can, totally rock it! you'll stay looking fabulous!! :)
we gotcho back!!
Loki powers: Super strength/durability, genius level intelligence, telepathy, teleportation, flight, shape shifting
Great wall of chocolate cake at 1230... Sounds AWESOME to me.
New banner quote: LTHForum - More glitches than you can shake a stick at.
I need #Followers :)!
Awesome, thanks... I'm hoping to get the clearance when we get back from San Antonio in a few weeks.
OMG...I'm following Judy Blume, my favorite childhood author!!
Great to meet you last night despite the awkward elevator incident w/the guy, the large dog and the totem pole! (cc: )
Anyone been recently been to the ?
yeah we have - love it!
anybody want to DM?
I'm gonna gag. Almost stepped on a long ass warm on the sidewalk.
Poor lil Jax did NOT wanna wake up @ 5:30 this morning. He stuck his face under the covers w/just hit nose out #toocute Wish I had a camera
Rumors true, is as wild as advertised. Just arrived. Kidnapped child. Traded him for overly large suite at Vdara. Bed made of coke.
i saw babe.. it amped me up so much
No BBQ, beer, or croquet. But postal pursuits aplenty!
I first read that as "Fish Shake." A strange barter system you have there.
i want to be mexican #yeahbuddy lmfao
check out Donna Brazile's column on blogonsisters.com www.blogonsisters.com
When I wake up first thing on my mine is get this cake up. We gone we gone get this money #meekmills early morning
TGIFY - Thank God I Found You ♥
think of it $2 bills is more then the $1 bills
Dj'n @ 254 ink by da west end blasting dat 100 grand
I couldn't get away with daisy dukes for so I opted to spray on some Pink Sugar instead. Like candy.
It's Friday the 13th...your lucky day! We have beer!
haha whatever dude. Hope yr having fun @ school! Ahahhahahhaha
Actually, that should have been stated: warm nights + night biking = bug teeth
is it the #URH x #JAM?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BASHYR!!! hope all your wishes and dreams come true! luv ya<3
I'm soo tired of the drama!! I'm on my grown woman sh*t!
love SHOWS
Thanks for the #FF!
": .. I'm one of a kind! Spectacular, yes. All others are imposters!!!!!!!" They all say
is a gifted artist. Keep up the good work bro
Strong Union effort in Clarksville covering multiple Unions keeps alive the chance of fixing "Right to Work" for Hoosiers & families. - JDG
sad that didn't see my tweet and tell my happy birthday yesterday :(
is it haten if you dont give a damn if the season ends when the lakers lose?
Colbert & James Taylor "Carolina In My Mind" = epic
your a coach for fulham we know u got dough up in there lol hahah
Man I'm loving my life and the ppl who know how to let bs go more to life then just u
tomorrow night !!! Authority Zero , Voodoo Glow Skulls and Chester Copperpot at mohawk place in downtown buffalo,ny !! doors at 6pm.
I am more or less alive.
very well
I love shopping for you three in the am so ppl in the store don't realize how lost I am! Lolzzz
Gregg is in. I didn't realize we called the 4th mop up time.
Because I mean, that's never ever happened to me.. Ever..
#drinkhimunderthetable?!? Moi? *YAWN* Didn't get my Bar membership b/c of my brains or golf game I assure y'all..
Wawa grubbing at 6 am was a bad idea. Missed a class and never eating again
cant wait till tomorrow
gasping at my husband's emergency recent emergency room bill... i guessed $500 and I was off by $500. ouch ouch ouch.
Yeah Yeah..
thanks man! Same to you.
No prob. Zac came down & we rocked out until nearly 11! Sun will be great!
Nic surgery @ 7 am. Looks like I'm getting a little time off.
And oh boy was it good!
It'll be worth the wait(:
Only 17 more days till Launch!
Remember when you had like NO followers? Yeah, that. Well help out and follow him! ;-)
Courtney is from Scottsdale, AZ. And she is crazy, but it's a dry crazy.
c u tweetin think u pretty hot!!!
Thanks to and for their help in the attempt to push me over the 100 followers mark. I was able to add 2 for 99.
Glad to r/r after the Big Event at G. USA DOG Defenders of greyhounds event to save retired racers
Good job today ! If you need to talk, Im here. You deserve the best sweety❤
goodness no! This one came from Jackie's Packie.
Am I the only person that thinks ur playing to much music? I listen in the am cause of ur show! I can here songs anytime!
Don't feel guilty, cheats on #HCG happen. Just try to avoid cheating again b/c the more u cheat that harder it is to maintain in P3
Just bought a fab dress at to wear at and 's wedding. Can't wait to dance the night away in it w/!
Steering Committee: Thanks for the high level of thought you put in to today's meeting. Bodes well for the future!
right?! its going to be a very big show for us!
sorry this is last show
hey Amanda em me I Jedediah to talk to u
omg same. i cant believe they havent fixed it.
What are your favorite apps for trainers or instructional designers?
Mama I promise you'll have that condo. On the beach one day payed for.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown Brought to you by 53,000+ Famous Quotes!
music is always gonna be apart of me its like the air i breathe i sing to live <3
U LOOKUN GOOD ANYWAY. EVEN WITHOUT THE CRUNCHES
“: OT kings. Nice drive Devin. #ORLatUTA” I'll amend that last tweet to "nice three".
hunger games. you're already headed to hawaii, at this point you just need to pass.
yes what? XD I is lost!
wow! I decided I want to travel around the US to visit sports venues and drink different beers
try to explain to someone what kind of music makes
#WhenWeWereKids we could walk around town and not get stolen
The Program Guide was just finalized, we will have copies available this weekend at our downtown location TBA this Friday.
We hope the strawberry ice cream was enjoyed by all!
It looked like a Flash graphical issue, is it also impacting functionality?
nice .... Yea I have a meeting later so I'm starting a hr later too
Just found out it'll be Tony Bennett and Carrie Underwood. Makes getting up at 5:30 AM worth it..
no problem! :)
Forget chocolate bunnies and peeps, if the Mets sweep the Braves to open the season, that will be sweet enough.
dont be difficult. just follow me.
wordd I feels you when you loose it tho?
have any Leather Tuscadero & The Suede memories? Did you ever hang with Suzi Quatro? Big Fan
I'm sorry...but Michael Jackson did that song way better!
Get higher on a trampoline! Whoo!
