When guys act like pigs <<<<
What applications do you use to organize your life? We like to used to keep files in order and to share notes and ideas.
this guy is too attractive to have such a weird father...
I jst turned dat frown right back up side down.
Of course :)
awww that's so sweet :) like really really sweet!
Studio, I miss you!!!!
"Many fine things can be done in a day if you don't always make that day tomorrow."
at #BarLubitsch ....shooting, not drinking. unfortunately.
smh yeah lol and okay bro Dm your number
Happy Gold Card Week! On top of great savings, you could win a free Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison™ Rescue Me™ Kit (Retai Value $159.99)
Thanks for following my twitter Moby. We have similar passions, let us both prosper in living our dreams.
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for someone. You gain name by attempting to do tricky things effectively.
My sister ran the second half marathon in her life today in time 2 h 3 minutes!! That's amazing! Congrats sis!!
What up Shaun! Okay, the only reason I'm passing is I doubt their comfort. Otherwise, I would rock them.
girl I'm already back in Va lol. I literally dropped her off and turned right back around
Free Zumba classes , contact for more info!
A few of our employees' goals... "introduce myself to a new hobby" "spend more time with my family" "teach my boys who to ride their...
I got pretty features, did you major in photography? well I did & fuck that noise; ima self taught prodigy.
Your love is like fire that burns for all to see
Mashup. Music without commercial interruption. Take that, Youtube.
obligatory San Diego has better weather joke
Just do it bro.
#MOBConf attendees stop by my table for a 5% discount on any service I provide for you before 12/31/10
I'm on board with that. RT : Tweet less.....Do more.
hah. All of the above
Yay!! What a great day!!! Audition, Class, Got a call for a new audition, Call sheet for work on The Reunion, Plus Stand-in work for tom!!!
I just wish you knew that you never leave my mind
haha sweet. We have a deal :)
Excited to be chatting with you on your show in just a few minutes!
Please believe the lord tells no lies he'll pull the shade up for you and reveal the truth the day you choose to stop believing lies.
I need a spring getaway to escape my annoying cockateil and the dirty laundry. Then maybe he will finally learn to clean.
Interesting - I couldn't find any references to the terms right-sourcing and niche-sourcing before around 2002.
I've been to a few Wednesday's and now two SNS's in a row.. Well worth my money and great family atmosphere...
so what is IrelandDay2012? i've seen tweets but am not quite sure
Final screening of Rice's documentary class and one of my students picked me as a subject. Nervous.
I hate TicketMaster. Seriously, $8 service charge for $13 tickets, plus an extra $2.50 for the privilege of printing my own tix? Ridiculous.
Absolutely! Have already been spreading the word.
Lol LA don't want this game. Not one bit. Unless kobe come out beasting, its a wrap.
I want so much to open your eyes cause I need you to look into mine
No not yet. I want to come this summer.
Yes I did just hurt my finger opening a bottle of gin. But I got that bitch open!
if your an emily blunt fan you defiantly have to check out Wild Target. Its so funny
yea I miss him so badly..but my parents, just a little.. #imAgoodDaughter.. too good for em!!
one more week of school, then spring break...this means promoting RDB..I want to get them known in Chicago! RDB Family
To be loved; what more can you ask for?
I'm finally getting to read something for school that I am excited about!!
All peeps. All the time.
Apparently, I have an iris defect. Just thought you should know.
no, too busy working to have my temper tantrum. I am however, off tonight. Hmm.
well I never received text message. Maybe she should check her sent messages because I think it never went through.
LOOK is following me again! My opinions must matter to him! Seriously though, I can't listen to 98.7 if you play Muse on repeat.
John The Savage, Animal Lover, Hot Coffin, Like Like The The The Death- tonight at 9!!!
joined and voted :P
holy shit you were by far the strongest contestant...you were the reason I watched the show..wrong decision
when everyone in the crowd is wearing a blue t-shirt for some reason i just want to turn the tv off.
Might go to scream it your in Milwaukee with Fuck yes ;)
Well I did some investigating on Twitter and I found out who you and Misha be fucking for rides in that Mercedes Benz.
If I were a shepherd, I would never take inventory of my flock for fear of falling asleep on the job
We are super heros from another world sent here to save the human race from the evil, power-hungry, self-centered enemy named Satan!
On this day in 1917, Billie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan in Philadelphia, PA. Do you have a favorite Billie Holiday song?
Hey(: <Be.YOU.tiful>
We do have subscriptions available as PDF downloads, just no e-reader formats yet. But we're working on it! Hope to soon.
Looking back at all the memories i had at my school i dont want to leave
hosts complimentary beer bar @ Mad Thursdays @ Omalleys 2249 N. Lincoln. providing the sounds. get here early!!
Tyga "rack city" its still not a real word
Line 6 DL-4...more fun than me penis
RT : Check out this fascinating video of British beatniks c. 1960 talking about getting kicked out of a seaside town:...
#FF who is heading to morocco! Follow her adventure this wk.
If we could count every mistake we make, would it be more than the stars in the sky?
Best question a nonprofit can ask customers: "What's keeping you up at night?"
Selling Pre-Sales for our Backbooth show!!! Only 5 bux! hit us up!
Indeed they are! We'll install the tree at the top of the Needle later this month.
Hey there reginae this is Racheal. Give you mom my email address have her to contact me ...Thanks
awesome, thanks for the info
Okay. Just get here as soon as you can, please. I love you.
understood. Btw, is that you in that picture?
Then yes you have it all! :) I'm sure you'll have a great time. (Sorry about damage to back though! Try unicorn blood..) lol
love this song, but not this performance
I am about to stop reading the newspaper because it is nothing but bad news, or at least Middletown's is.
It is not illegal to go through your trash!
My mom just trolled me so hard.
the moment when you just dont give a fuck anymore
alright my parents wanted me to make sure I asked you beforw we went to disneyland
Was told today may need a 2nd bone and tissue graft in my mouth. Almost bled out, literally, during the 1st one so you can imagine my joy.
I love BabyShowers :)
NEVER! BWAHAHAHA :D
Did you know that thought the exam was easy and finished in 30 minutes?
It's beer thirty
Happy Birthday brody!!!!
I am so ecstatically not watching the Grammies nor The Mike Lovers. No sympathy necessary.
American Idol just isn't the same without Colton Dixon. I can't wait for him to break out in the Christian music industry!
I thought my bus driver just ran over somebody :/!!
YES,I really did
Especially in front of people I like :/
DC is amazing. I don't wanna leave. :(
I've tried and tried ever since elementary to ignore those jerks but its just gets to me sometimes
Who is Mariska's mother? I thought it was someone famous but I can't remember who it was.
"I know cooler heads are supposed to prevail, but am I the only one who really wants to see this?"
Planning a menu for "gringo de mayo".
#ConfessionTime I deleted U
they are still tasty. I should call them dinner, not fail!
Brandon Inge getting a hit was more far impressive than Max Scherzer's five innings of no-hit baseball.
because syllables don't really count when it's written or read? I've been thinking about this one a little too long. End.
leaving your footprints on the moon refers to the fulfilment of your God given purpose for your life
K enough confession from a Twiliholic....lol.
wow! Sounds like you survived! Are you still hiding in the tub?
maybe? I'm already having second thoughts ;)
Apparently, dashes mean nothing to you people.
I felt awful watching it. I thought they treated them like exotic zoo animals, not people!
I'm going to try making my own linoleum blocks for printing!
i could have guessed that.... i would of but it costs a little too much money sorry i forgot to tag you
i miss my mommy
#What2ChainzWouldSay I'm in the Game Life got yo girl higher than kite. She smell good and we ain't hood. *Drops mic* *yells* 2Chainz!!
“: Listening to #Detroit history on tour with :hive and Jeanette Pierce. Love #Detroit!”
happiness is a choice, and I'm making mine.
thank you :) x
Shoot us a message and we'll get you a quote on your next order. You won't regret it.
yo nugga.....why don't u wanna do photoshoot on Friday??....well tomorrow...ha
Think the last time the #Redskins did the 2 QB thing it was Heath Shuler/Gus Frerotte.
good for you! Refreshing to see matching actions and words match. It isn't bullying if they're carnal sinners. Did it feel good?
You are full of tips today! Thank you!! Off to buy my share of M&D products!
Ok Jesus.....show us YOU!.....not the other stuff...JUST YOU JESUS!..West A...ready!
Yep it was...I done #MoviePlex search and you was the only 1 of all twiiter users that came up...on the timeline search
Nice to run into in Rice Park today. What a great day for dining al fresco.
She bit me, fucking pussy cat.
bring it to the burgh!
Good choice!
...market mentalities. I think we academics need to be more engaged with the practicalities of making this happen.
DAD's Looking to Work From Home!!! author and resell my products online, ebooks and cd's free stuff for members 27.00 mo retweet please :)
good for you!!! <33
So happy that we're reducing taxes with no end to the spend. Kudos to both sides. You're both cowards. Act II begins.
RT : The beauty of truth: whether it is bad or good, it is liberating.
April Fools! Just kidding. Is your mind blown?
Yeah u right
#DAMM your twins look delicious :-)
Life is god!! :D
thanks for the follow also! :)
In the mood for some fruit
Ah my old hood. How I miss it.
#laarson dude, please don't mess with my street. I've got a bad case of insomnia and a Louisville slugger
happy birthday! Have a good one (:
Sleeping the whole flight, so didn't need much! Lol
Shar it's been so long since we seen each other since 1999 or 2000 I think. Last time I saw you was at HK party. God bless!
OPPORTUNITY is all around u... u just gotta keep ur eyes open.
but then ill have to start over at 0 followers.
its oka jus call me back
Someone help me I'm
Apparently, one of our herb walls made Food & Wine Magazine's June issue! I can't find anything on Google, so I am off to buy one & scan it
Zimmer u still love the lions?
praying for your Mom Mark.
I happen to like Barcelona better - but then again I 'm an art and architecture nerd!
We can report each hundred block but the more specific the information, the more thorough the inspection and follow-up. Thanks!
My jet lag driving is scary. I'm even scared. So, I believe I'll do Nashville drivers a favor & go home.
You can text? && laying down texting :)
have a great saturday!!!
Thanks for the support! James doesn't tweet, but I'll pass along the wishes.
I swear ill be in Dickson soon! I've just been really busy lately 😞
I am not going to trend anything to make austin stay. Be happy for him this is what he wants. He deserves everything. Its selfish be happy.
You' re welcome :)
I RTd it because I am too
“: So that "nap" I took @ 930 was not a good idea. Wide. awake.” << took one earlier that God will judge.
Andretti all day all night
I wanna go to one soon let's meet up one Friday
I have to wait for people to eat the chocolate covered raisins just to get the skittles.
oh hey, you should follow me because my cat said so.
Is there a reason i cant erase anything completely in art? These erasers just make everything smudge.
Got new phone. Lost all my contacts. Please send me your phone number..thank you.
I know! I'll never be a teenager again D:
Taker went down for a three count last night. The streak is over.
#4Wordsbeforesex are you ready for this?
So, so proud! Congrats Coach!! Nate McMillan named Western Conference coach of the month. Way to go Coach!
free business card design www.michaelcalixtro.com
Wow. Awesome. Were you sitting there the entire game?
Is there a (1) good (2) reasonably inexpensive (3) open to the public bookbinder/restorer in the DC area?
thanks. Its the pre-Bouchon lunch in Sonoma while on vacation.
that awkward moment when you wish you could get on the World Wide Wiz Web
Looking at twitter automation tools for clients. The data should make for a good blog post
i just let companies send me my next phone. ;)
Go get "inspired by the struggle" on itunes today!!
Dropping out or leaking out?
Earned my crafty nerd repair badge today. Cracked open my stereo receiver remote & fixed the volume control contacts. I win again, Santa.
aw. I miss you, too!
have you tried buying online? maybe I can recommend some stores for you. Follow me I need more followers :)
Woot! Woot! I'm done with my paper!!!
It's just the symptoms of a young love
Hope you like them! RT : WAY too excited about the package I just received from ! Vegan cookies just for me :)
Its always boring.
lol! That's one way to look at it!
I loved the voice of Jim Irwin
To the cpl who raced across the floor to swoop in & steal the bar seats in front of me, trust me, it's not worth losing ur dignity over.
Just had a fantastic ride! Gotta love Dusky. :) = 1 great way to sweat out a cold.
Playing solo @ Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg this Saturday, 6-10pm. If you haven't been to this place it's a must!
woke up this morning missed my bus got a ride sat in traffic. Arrived at work got on the elevator that said up it went down. Happy Monday
Children pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforcement ... - The American Independent
Get some World Piece this holiday season! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
We are taking a break to learn some new tunes. Now would be a good time to tell us your favorites. Thanks to everyone who came out Saturday
Can't live with it. Can't live without it. RT : Damn advertising.
...how old is the girl from 'modern family'?
Just got out of teen court. But man am I tired.
The way David Beckham says "strawberry banana smoothie" >
Twitter is messing up
Famous last words - My Chemical Romance
hows Brady's balls feel in your hands? (and i mean footballs and spirals ;)
#txla2012 is over. It was great but exhausting! Enjoyed year as Chair of NMRT but ready to be Past Chair, & reading ARCs I snagged.
All good things are worth the wait or so they say.
Ha , Don't Laugh cos I'm Special in a #GOODWAY ! haa .
The madness starts early on this day in Indy.
Made some Rotel and once again it was off the chain. Stuffed now! lol
made men - bunch of made ass niggas, when you're paid you're with some paid ass niggas !
that pic is awesome! I'm in love... :-)
"Justin is gay" ok, basically every song is singing about his love for a girl and he's dating Selena Gomez. How is he gay?
The DFW Career Expert is back in full swing, thanks for understanding while I was away... Feel free to contact me if you need advice.
yeah its fucked up doe!
Fear is priceless education
Lets hear it for our Philllies!
I sure do enjoy a great night out!
Dude, how do you NOT have a car?
so ur fb and twitter accounts r now connected?
Arkansas fires coach Bobby Petrino - Tucson Citizen
Thanks so much for the RT!
Green Bay Signs Undrafted, Ultra-Athletic Converted Basketball Player Dale Moss - Bleacher Report
all I need is a front porch, fenced yard and garage. ;-)
I have come to a conclusion that Black Men love hoes more than women w/ standards! I mean I see it all over from Cali to Ny
HAhA .....that's not true
Just cause you have curly hair doesn't mean youre jewish
<3! RT": Still something about this track that makes me dance yo This Love For You( Remix)"
people hear alot of off the wall shit nowadays .
thanks for the FF!!
SRO's tribute to Stevie Wonder is coming up! Join us this Saturday Oct 8th at the Moore Theatre. Tickets available at stgpresents.org
Thanks! So stoked for you I always love working with you guys.
Only good thing that came out of watching new #bachelorette on Monday: gift for my husband for Father's Day: pink button down & pink tie.
Check out our latest logo contest: Tiki Laser Tag www.brandninjas.com
#Actors - Need on-the-go access to industry resources? Download Actsophia for a comprehensive list of everything & everyone in the industry!
Seriously though. A breather is needed. Then Double OT. I can't believe this game!
I got the Fun Pass
A nigga cant even get somee Sex .
Great and you? :-)
Today has not been my day.. Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
i see everyday the fake people that try and act like friends just to try and get what they can out of me ...
Free throws once again doomed the Heat. Plus NO help from anyone other than Wade and James.
nothing like a good chat with , but i think i need a drink. margs soon? haha
Do you have any left over frozen milk you could put in a sippy?
You're the bomb, am I allowed to share this?
you'll be over it by mid-June. promise:)
. Good girls gonebad :)
oh. On twitter or in like real life
looks like you have time to take more photos!
I (to Maria E.): "Go act girlfriend, go act!"
whats good my dude
true haha:-P y nope I haven't gotten anything
From day 1 she's been my ray of of sunshine; the beaming smile & sunny disposition that never fails to punch through the darkest of clouds.
For sure! Check the pic I just posted :)
Great Work!
Happy Mother's Day! Its a beautiful day to treat Mom to Champagne and Oysters!
well I look forward to your tweets
Just overheard the table next to me, "the apocalypse is here, I dunno where you've been." why do we have to be so paranoid?!
i'm not just getting you cereal though... but i do know how much you love your fruity pebbles
yeah we do! Austin would be so happy if he got signed ♥ and he deserves it
that's right! Almost all of my coworkers could tell what happened this weekend by the smile on my face! ;)
haha gotta love it
It's my life..I do as i want, say what I please, and don't give a fuck what you think.
Boy, I totally misread "promo pic" on first glance and thought that was a *very* unusual request.
“Music is love in search of a word.” Sidonie Gabrielle
: Thanks! Just for that I will fully invest in you guys if I win ;-) May the luck of the Irish be with you. Powerball jackpot
Bonding night with the day care mommies... Some good old fashion fun with the grown-ups... holla!!
I hear there is a top notch valet right next to villa !
Hard to say-if they understand that comments are public, no problem. If they thought it was like a private email form, problem.
Having the special Wild Wolf brew made special for the #Cville Tom Tom festival
There are! Step aerobics and boxing are cool, but lately I've just been doing yoga and then jogging by the river.
Comfort and prosperity has never enriched the man as much as adversity has.
I am now a fan of the flat top thanks to
Finding a females with good conversation skills is tough..i found tho so I'm good😌
is going to tear down the roof at tomorrow! Buy your tickets and book your table before we sell out!
Tried to go fishing with my new pole. Gonna have to get a boat for catfishing.
Who is ready to get talk about how ridiculous the #NFLTop100 list is!
This is my new user name in case you were wondering where I went. Have a great weekend.
When tweets about relashionships and girls i wonder who he is talkin bout!?!?!? I wish it waz me :(
That is amazing! Let me know when you set a date, and the rest of the Twittersphere too. I want to listen!!!
you weren't kidding!
Next bf i get can't have a ghetto or a nosy mama
Note to self: plant flowers this spring to support declining bee population.
I feel like I will never get out of here! Argh!!!!
Brodus Clay being at #ExtremeRules makes me glad I didn't order it.
she's really old though !(: I don't think she does
Heading out... sunset dinner in Coronado! Have a GREAT weekend!
Looks amazing, can't wait! How was the stylist event on Sat? Xx
Happy Thanksgiving to all my Fellow Americans! What are you thankful for today?
Provide feedback quickly and frequently
Livestrong = "The phrase came out of 1000s of cancer patient interviews who were all "living strong" -
#nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie! She really took care of and his voice! Well done!
I sure hope 😔 & where you stood to take the picture omfg too much sexiness to capture 😍
omg hey phil
q5)step outside of the ID curricula and find relevant CS courses
Loyola undergraduates sharing videos they made to demonstrate neuropsychological disorders
We we're driving back to.our hotel. Yeesh RT A little saddened by current state of neglect to twitter.
THIS IS WHHYYYYY I SMILE
I Was Cracking Up At The Doctor's Office Thinking About, .... I'm Still Sick Though
LMAO RT : If you buy tampons for your girlfriend, they should give you a coupon for a blow job upon purchase.
dude your r awesome winning always can I get a rt back u r my role model tiger bloods winning
Just blew a 14 year olds mind. Played him gangstas paradise.
U coming to the shop 2day ? Bring them Ur2Girly accessories with you :)
Video of Bikini-Clad Kate Upton Doing &#39;Cat Daddy&#39; Dance Gets ...
How you? Long time. Enjoying the sun and work? :)
“ “ Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.”” True!
You make me really happy, dude.
today, i found out you play soccer. im in love.
I wish…ha
Ever notice how many Rappers glorify Drunk Driving? I like how atleast Lil Jon says "I Don't know how the Hell I'm gettin Home"
Lacing up the you whole muthafucking nation. And we just getting started. One state at a time.
Actually it's R.J. the assistant manager! Pleasure to meet you!
like, your music you make?
Wow, I'm finally starting to understand sports! :)
Great job explaining to Piers the historical pain represented by what happened to Trayvon
Bout to make this move to Starkville in a min
Sure, . Come on. We'll see you home.
Yes and yes.
-Everyone Gives Up On Me. So I Wont Be Surprised If Yuh Do Tew .
Mr. Singer is back at the Nature Museum this Thursday March 1 (tomorrow) at 1:45 pm for a a special sing-a-long! #Free concert
Now you know how we feel. -___-
******SUPERBOWL SUNDAY********** ITS ALMOST TIME!! EATIN MY MAMA'S GOOD FOOD!! YEAH.. LETS GO
The probability that we may fail in the struggle oughtnot deter us fromsupport of a cause we believe to be just
Some #Texas #CRE pros from our List. #FF @
*me,watching Chopped* Host:chef Arlene, you have been chopped. Me:NO!
Work right now <<<<
Happy Easter everyone!!
Why 7:15? I thought we we're meeting AT Amaris' by 7?
The Jen Anthony show? Hope so!
My laptop is cool; you can swipe your fingerprint...
Well said. RT : Stays a four-possession game with the missed FG.
you're welcome:)
To Listen into SEPIA Radio from Facebook click the Live Radio button between the likes number and events.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3 #BELIEVE #REALTALK(:
I have that same GBA! However, I have a red GBASP.
my teacher let me drink my starbucks in class :) #win:)
Can't wait.
I would like to sleep tonight
I can't say this enough....Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary!
Frank Foster played in smaller groups including his wife’s first cousin drummer Elvin Jones. He was in the band when I joined Elvin in 1971.
Another California hockey handle I like a lot ... ... joining , among others
Super-fun photo shoot with the adorable ! Looking forward to her show It's Davis!
Nothin like watchin #ForestGump studying for american history..seriously probably the best for this exam haha :)
I would believe only in a god that knows how to dance. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
any thoughts on the Toshiba ZL2? looks like a must have if you've got $10k laying around.
Cookin'. :) Came up with a fantastic orange chili sauce that goes wonderfully with grilled pork tenderloin. Nom nom nom.
Gonna be a busy one today. Ugh.
off 2 bed its been a long day gonna call it a night laterz dudes talk 2 yall later
I don't wanna miss him, but I do.
Why do I feel too old to go back to school...mentally I know I'm right around 21 still.
Thank you for showing us the airport.
lol I realized I didn't tag you I'm like what the heck.. Not cool bro!
I can't from my phone besides I only have 3;p
Not sure how I'm going to drive home... Just lost an arm and a leg at the gas pump.
queue the Jon Bryant music!
I know
If Twitter had existed in the 20th century, I imagine Truman Capote writing for the Plaza, Hemingway for the Ritz.
On this day let it be none that I did not smoke weed. Hahaha
RT : Let's declare a moratorium on saying something is confusing for researchers until we actually have data that says it is. Okay?
You know when you're getting molested? Yeah, it happened.
DONT PUT THEM ON HERE EITHER I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE 🔫💣💉😡 lmao
You're welcome. :)
who watched the superbowl?
Thanks John B. Menzer, Charles M. Sonsteby, Mike Greenwood, Philo T. Pappas and Paula A. Puleo, for ruining our thnxgiving. U working too?
Thank you again for joining.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright! To all my friends that are having a hard time right now.
Do you like #Comedy in #Buffalo? if so, RT this! get your friends to follow !!
Just WATCHED On WORLDSTAR && She Got Me HORNY Af;
cheer soon<3
finally finished laundry…don't wanna go to work tomorrow...
Second burger is great! Thanks for the redo, You are redeemed :-)
Disappointed to see JDM on the bench once again...that is all.
Claim it! Your work, your dreams, your awesomeness!
The #redskins named #rg3 the starter. Too soon? How do you feel??
thanks again
RT : Anyone know a great and cheap co-working space in #Seattle that allows dogs?
love watching ppl (that i know) play sports live...esp basketball
Power outage in Burbank
No one on speed.. Picks Jeff!! What the hell is that all about!! Go24!!!
Man, "Battle Ship" looks like a stinker! Or should I say SINKER!
": I love how girls always wish they were boys. But I never once had a thought of being a girl."
By inside a server do you mean guest OS agent? If so, agree. How about at hypervisor level, ie. vib on esxi?
The official list is posted outside of the attendance office. If you are on there, you are all set.
i eat dirt
wheneva I cook, it has 2 b 4 me n som1 else...cuz by the time I finish cookin I'm not hungry anymore
please follow !
that's where i need to be
with a top ten finish! #illtakeit #goodjob!
My inspiration =Austin Carter Mahone <3
Wtf is with my dreams lately?!
Happy Birthday to the ! Congratulations on 9 great years in the Nashville community.
Just got an iPad...now what apps should I download???
If one of those skateboard bombers ever "hitches" a ride on my car they're gonna get a huge surprise in the form of BRAKES.
I am about to cap the day of with some movies from Netflix, any recommendation from anyone on a good movie to see on Netflix.
lol I don't like them... I mean, does he tweet out stuff that isn't vague philosophies about success? It's like zig ziglar
hope i get what?
It's #FollowFriday #FF So please go follow my awesome friends!!!
....the feeling is mutual!
RT : Visit www.bealsandabbate.com for preview of August 19th's show "Paintings & Sculptures" featuring Nordwall & Ethelbah!
Glad you are there! Love the photo. Look like the wall at our House!
“: is the ish on the Bartending tip! #Nice”u rock!!!!
Really? Not a single person in costume on the metro platform and my face is zombified
“ Red Sox may still want more in Theo Epstein compensation talks. Also, may ask Yankees to add to Babe Ruth compensation.”
The world is all starting to destroy and rebuild
Days when everybody pisses me off <<<<
Click that follow button!
Bitch learn how to take a mother fuciking joke or cry to someone who gives a fuck
I actually hate Kerr's stories.
did you like the clock i made you i sent you picture(:
And I'm still in love, just when it's that real is when it doesn't fade
kinda like the chicken or the egg. What came first, the orange or the color orange. It could be the person that named the color.
DON'T EVER SAY YOLO
you know you want the new iPhone that's 3 weeks away :)
Need prayer? Check out www.ibloom.us. It's an honor to pray for you!
Telling someone how much I love you, is like trying to explain color's to a blind person. Completely impossible.
how is everybody out there??????? can i get someone to answer back??? :-)
RT : Taking a stand against SOPA can better your bottom line. Companies competing on free expression also benefit EFF....
Real nice that they put that up against the Oscars.
Good morning
#SOTU live streaming on hulu. While I calculate the ratio of standing ovations to looks of disgust. Keep the big wheel turning
The Billy Joel burger Kevin Costener burger PeeWee Herman burger Lenny Kravitz burger Nicolas Cage burger Emeril Lagasse burger Last nite...
Nothing better than having a good riding lesson.
Do you need uniforms? Embroidery? Custom Shirts? #shirtguydirect is here to serve you in #Broward #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood and more!
Good point-Or maybe I can locate some bright white untied tennis shoes, mess my hair up & look generally confused. Should work.
Birthday Shoutout to one of our many fantastic followers: ! Give her a follow as a birthday gift if you want! :)
Tell mama Melton to save me a seat!
Poe is so tiny he'd barely keep one boob warm!!
*Why, didn't you know? There's no such thing as a Gruffalo!* Give us a thumbs up if you've seen The Gruffalo!
Someone DM me?(;
Nothing like a bed after a LONG flight!
Love wasn't put in your heart to stay. Love isn't love until you give it away .
me too always makes my day better and can always bring a smile to my face. We have a lot in common (:
RT 68% of Americans are overweight. 20% think they are.
: my wife is out of ICU and recovering nicely. Give NMA my best!
Wishing you and yours a happy holiday season & joyous new year!
I am unemployed
Take a look through my "following" list. See if anyone's description intriques you.
President signs agreement to help Japan and nuclear reactors.
brewers/things that are due to come through any time now: rickie weeks, nyjer morgan, jonathon lucroy, the strikezone's consistency.
In need of some plans tonight? Grab some 1/2 off drinks all night at 4th St Patio!
Shooting my mom role today...what a sweet film this will be. Tearjerker.
New Google+ Hangouts apps are going to make my weekly chats with niece/nephew even more exciting :)
Bullying Ppl is the lowest thing u could do by making fun of there weight. Clothes hair or even race it's not cool even if it gets u laughs
hey chris how are you doing good I hope This is
lol it's ok. I'm really chuck Norris
look like princess buttercup...;)
Faded like a barber WhoadYy
I wanna eat this cake already!
Towns in Wyoming have rodeos the way Milwaukee has fish frys. (Fries?) Show up early enough and the kids can ride the sheep.
Grandma: "wanna pour me some more tea?" Me: *pours hot tea, spills on self* "AAAAHHHHHHH ITS ON MY PANTS!!!!!!"
Happy Birthday Jesus! RT Celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter with some home made baklava, courtesy of
Do any undergrad lecturers out there have experience teaching intro-to-R courses? I'm thinking of a mostly-for-social-science course--
As ever, you're so cheerful Greg. LOL!
I have, sadly
PLZ WATCH PUNK'D 2NITE! Watch it because my husband is being punk'd. Well, the person who plays him... BUT HE'S STILL MY JOSHY!!
Why is LeBron looking good in this game?
Well goodnight my friends, see tomorrow for more of the.....uh.....AWWW FUCK IT!! See you all tomorrow :-)
email got crushed by spambots..might be out by 10 on Saturday.
Victoria Justice Ohio
is rocking in DC for Our Senator!
Shoutout to Barrier, Sworn In, Restore, and Steady Hands; been jamming these guys all night!
#BackInElementarySchool I was the quiet girl who thought boys were yucky lol
Attending mtg today with natl leaders & White House Comm Council members
Sticks huh??? RT : “ I'd rather go blind ...lol” lol
Phoenix vs LA semifinal- sounds right... In basketball! Not hockey!!
got cha! Ima b gettin at u later on today
Bitch your under the influence if you're not high. I'm above it cause I'm on CLOUD 9 .
Glad you enjoyed the interview!
#FF because I enjoy them on Twitter
Why is the next school year starting so early -_- To top it off, school starts on my birthday >.<
hell yes. Just say "hey dude, wanna go out with me on (a specific day, don't say sometime, boys are dumb and need specifics)
: still take it so if it is higher than ur first couple low test scores then it will help and ur lowest test score will drop
If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get so mad at the things you do.
Hell yeah now I finally got one Seahawk I like.
I'm a fuckin god at that game tho. Real shit.
Just woke up but need a nap
Thank you! They are a very rude person >.< and I honestly don't understand why they are talking to me.
I love you!
sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am, so I been lookin' in the mirror and it still don't make no sense.
Soi told my class that my summer plans are adventure time and xbox..... I need a life
Smiling at old people to show them you're not a teenage thug.
very nice!
it was horrible!
Brenner's on the Bayou time is the best time! Enjoy your visit.
Can't wait til Saturday night boo
Masoli cuts through the Beaver defense for big run!
Now i command u niggas to get money!!!
curious what wisdom would offer based on the experience in Denver.
Watching Clue. Tim Curry movie so of course it is awesome !!
I presume has taken you there?
I want to be your favorite hello, and your hardest goodbye.
Not cold enough yet (thank goodness!) but the turning leaves sure are pretty.
#Obama for #GayMarriage? Aww hell naw! Not voting for him now.
The right hand don't always gotta kno wat the left hands doin
Ugh....finding repetition to be soo boring lately. Where's the excitement at????
the worst :p
Don't be jealous of me. My desk is currently so cluttered that things are buried under not only dirty dishes but dirty underwear.
Blueberries are great for you, frozen or fresh.
Thank you, Mr. Hendrick!RT: #NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick has made a donation to Salemburg's N.C. TarHeel Challenge Academy
Steelers with Spence from the U and the Colts add guy TTTTTYYYYY!
Always LOVE.
He has the most beautiful eyes! And he sang Alison with Elvis Costello!!! (It was actually a Police concert.)
lol I guess that is more reasonable!
Don't be a class D bum. That means you didn't bring any green, any papers/pipe, or a place to smoke at
If only I had the time! do you know anyone? RT : looking for some great new authors in #MobileApps --- who do you know?
🌷Happy Mothers Day💐 To all the wonderful mommys And all the soon to be mommys
Wat do you mean...tumblr...is down?! :-o
thank you!!
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
Good luck on the GMAT studies!
I'm glad my sister thinks its funny to put a sucker in my hair.
RT I had lots of fun with && tonight ! Cx
interesting take - I like some of his work personally but get that others don't. I just hope SOMEONE notices her
One of those days: Misspelled "misspelled" in a correction. cc:
with amazing shoes and great legs!
Yay so excited for 's and 's new life!
yeah, well she went in already. So my grandpa and I are just waiting till' they call us.
im wearing my uniform but with my pink shirt
you're most definitely correct although I think it's still sound advice for majority of young people in developed nations.
Happy mommy day!!!!
also got one of you with butterfly wings.
George's offers nightly wine features as well as Chef Tre' Maue's dinner features.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
i don't know that ppl r going 2 do that anytime soon. what other solutions r there that include their specific kid?
You asked for it!!! #Media Kiosks or #Media Dispensers for Books, CDs, DVDs & Games now available from the Ladies of Showcases 800-240-1850
RT if you found something cool while cleaning for Passover!
RT: "#WaysToGetDumped - Say you hate Harry Potter."
just trying to blend in with hs kids... :)
Bridges and Jonas worked the broadway stage ! From the outstanding choreography to the colorfully rhetro sets, IS success!
Holy crap, the plane landed. Kratz!
Daily GTKY question: What one thing fills your heart with joy, but drives others close to you crazy? Heehee :=)
I'm so sick of Nikki.
oh damn, what happened?
Coaches too. My Steelers are right there with stuff like "the most violent team wins". That mentality doesn't change overnight.
You Keep It 3hunna? I Keep It 3milli!!!!
It'd be fun to kick Brady Heslip in the stomach.
think about the costs.
you are just too real!!! I love it!
Check out the new Acura commercial and see yours truly reprising my role as the Soup Nazi!
where are u tonight?
dont you just love them ... haha
no, I declared Ross Gload as this year's Matt Stairs, despite the lack of power. Geeze...
if i dont get this job im gonna be pissed!
It feels like the entire city of #Cincinnati is being steam-cleaned.
Pizza is here!
With the translation of video games into other languages, translators must be aware of geopolitical and cultural errors.
i wanna go out and chill with someone
Woke up to find my first sequoia sapling popping up this morning. I'm excited! Haha
Many NFL players hurt first week. Seems I remember tougher football in the black and blue division days of the 60/70s being different
In the land of the blind the man with one eye is king
We're taking a break for the holiday by making a "Best of SoundNotion.tv 2011" episode. What are your favorite moments from this year?
Same back to you!
thank you! isn't 's post awesome? we're looking for new was to spend our next birthdays after reading.
August 14th, A Stimulus Smackage! Featuring RocStars vs. Lake Effect Furies. Tickets available at parkleigh, thread, rocderby.com!
can't Dm u because u are not following me
follow me stud?
Trying to find a birthday present for my mom... So hard!
Way to go partner ! Hat trick up 2-0 lead by example gr8 captain, player & partner - now time for #greatjob RT
Uh oh, look who now signed up for Twitter!
A couple of people were sifting through large piles of debris from the remnants of the Balinese Room. A man walked way with a Tiki guy.
Got damn dude breath is horrific. Smell like pistachio shells closed.
Just finish running at the Hudson river did great!!!
Just learned that went to my high school, same time I was there, never put 2 and 2 together before.
happy birthday!! ;D
Farewell Chicago! It's Day 26: 'Abdu'l-Bahá leaves the Windy City this morning at 8:25 am, Central Time, bound for Cleveland.
Its all good, will stay on if I stay interested. I like to hear myself so chances are likely ;)
The name "Triceratops" will stay even if the species thought to be Triceratops is proven to be a juvenile form.
Um, what's going on?
Back from Rosengård. Didn't quite live up to its reputation; was only threatened to be shot once, and then just by some 16 year olds. :)
Oh man, anytime I see a conservation position advertised, I have to drop everything I'm doing and apply and then freak out.
Only 2 months?!?
So excited to wear mine!!!! RT : I think your shoes are officially on my
yeah shopping is cool and celebs do come here a lot but its really hard to see them.
We told you dad to look on website and check it out first silly! Can we come out to and meet Kiki?? PRETTY PLEASE!!!
RT "Any fool with a dick can make a baby, but only a real man can raise his children." - Furious Styles
pushin a baby stroller up the street WITHOUT THE DAMN BABY!!! Where he/she at man?!?! .. wtf u pushin?!?!
RT : he did tho! You too cute for him #aintnobodygottimefahthat <~~~~uncle ben SHAWTY
“: how u bored ur not in the 209 lol” aha truuuuueee but im sick/: so im just layjn my happy ass in bed ):
-Glad you are so excited love!! Enjoy the club, and have a drink for me, VIP style ;) xox
's new mixtape is out go support visit him on youtube & checkout his music he has a new joint titled wake up
I think you got the ability to make em stutter lol
what the jets are doing I am getting piss do they have money to spend
10x is Rocking. Shooting videos today of top mentors. Mentor pool is nearly 100 strong. We're dealin'
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL LADIES!
Today is the last day of the EtsyRAIN pre-holiday sale. It goes from 11-5. Get over here!
Pick up your WSR flyers at ZUMIES at the TUCSON MALL & GUITAR CENTER if your in that area;)
Meggie told me she thinks your tweets are great
1 day away till the home opener
I just wanna sleep till I feel better :(
Waiting to hear the results of the #imfl for mike morris!!!!
gettin outta school early today:/ am i the only one that actualy likes school?
you sorta got it right on my timeline
16 more "likes" to make it to 300, c'mon let's make this happen, suggest the Global Crash page to your friends!!!!!! Thanks!!!!!!!
cause my parents hate me lol
That was a badass fight
just followed
U can't ask 4 better games 2day
i will clear my schedule so i can go see you i would do naything for you (: <3
HEY EVERYBODY PLEASE ORDER MY MOVIE NOW! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM U WILL LOVE IT
I think jinxed me cause now my screen is cracked......EXTRA bad
I like the game I think you're playing: Guess the new tech trend based on everyone's frantic tweets. :)
they make amazing pets, its just a shame about their short lifespan
Better then doing it on a rainy day RT : Office move underway...of course it would have to be a beautiful day...
WELCOME DERBY FANS COME SEE US AT 4443 CANE RUN ROAD CITY GEAR!!!! GET THAT FIT MEN @ WOMEN
Thanks for sharing via twitter! #ECET2 continues past our time in Scottsdale, AZ
Ok... This sixers and bulls game is what u call boring. Just saying.
in class.. right now...
We are proud to be the sole reason why had their busiest week ever. Booze Camp is good for business.
“: If you do not like Fruity Pebbles, fuck you for being alive.”
Thanks for a great conversation on what #peopledontget #mlearning < thanks to attendees
it's been good!
Todays a sad, sad day.
High winds today in Vancouver WA and Portland OR. If you have tree damage or need help, give us a call http;//www.arborsmithtreecare.com
I would love it if that were actually negotiable.
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for Bruno to have a shirtless picture!! Follow back??? No... Damn :'(
The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century.
So who's throwing a Rapture's Eve party tonight?
Girl bye
No cell phones had to be in when the street lights came on
So glad you enjoyed! Hope to see u again soon! RT : Great lunch ! This hotel is gorgeous and the catering team is...
ight cool cool (: see uou tomorrow :D
Ugh, Brennan and Carr's is the best. And have you ever been to Buckley's?
i don't approve Tebow mania but if my sister might win a t shirt from her favorite show i'll RT
Hey, let's cut off all our hair and wear extentions!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends. What are you thankful for today? Phil's friends is thankful to all of you for your support! God Bless!
The Avengers w/ and :-)
Agreed! Ben was quite the dapper fellow la
okay what time? on oovoo or the phone?
Type in "Google Gravity" Into google, then click Im Feeling Lucky. Best thing ever. It kept me entertained for quite a while. n_n
Just because you’re not sick doesn’t mean you’re healthy. – Author Unknown
A great fit? Yeah, for the puppets pulling his strings. #BBN got the 4th straight #1 recruiting class and still have Jefferson
Sorry if we attacked you! No hard feelings cc:
YOU'RE INVITED: Charlotte #sportsbiz executives gathering-Aug4 Admission: $25 direct donation to cancer.
Hi Denae! Doing well 2day! Had a rough Mother's Day...first 1 since my mother passed. But...feel her presense near :) U?
fuck! Chloe I got to go-_- we will finish this later
When a woman stays w/a man that's constantly cheats on her its love for him and not for self. Because if you loved urself yous want better.
lol... keep em coming and maybe you'll get to see my usher impression...
My determination surprises me at times. Remember only u can stop u.
thanks for the follow :) !
if you dont get a text back after good morningi s probably a forward message
I'm grateful for all my twitter friends and want you ALL on my Forever team! Please register for free today and get 15% discount for life!
Today is the start of a great day for a rally. Love Your Library is today at the Grand Central Library for Bklyn Public Library.
step out day, multicultural assembly, and a fire drill or something. So ya only 20 min classes
IT'S OK TO SELL DRUGS ASLONG AS U HAVE A SOCIALSECURITY# YET IF U DON'T & WORK A 9/5 U GET PULLED OUT WORK, ARRESTED/DEPORTED
action scenes were good !!!
Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here
love is complicated
Thank you for the reminder that the flag brings us together and represents the best in each of us. You've got the right stuff!
It's not whats under the tree..... It's whose around it
Heading down to Florida. Final steps in bringing the old man back to Annapolis.
Someone tell me why feeding students before a test and telling that morning nutrition will help them do better is bad? Not placebo, true.
Yess :( and im not going to be in first tomorrow! I wanted to do that research paper wiff you
Shop the new Urban Outfitters at 651 W. Diversey () today. They'll donate 10% of opening day sales to &
I'm no Tampa Bay fan, but I applaud Fernando Rodney for wearing his ball cap at such a rakish angle.
Our driver was asking us questions. Said we should start our day off with a smile.
All our supporters should follow , a great partner & a great program.
yes, but we will be back out very soon after that! Maybe over seas??
! I can't wait til ur album comes out! (: I knows its going to be sick! :D
Tweeting from a plane on an iPad is neat. Watching your Slingbox from a plane on an iPad, however, is just very cool. Yes, I'm a nerd.
Murder business.
it's alright. I almost forgot too.
Remember when Darwin Barney had the #Cubs first HR and a (potentially) major BB? Man, good times.
Make the intro in 5sec or less: evoce curiosity, share benefits
Im always surprised when kids in 80s movies bitch about meatloaf for dinner. It has and always will be one of the world's most perfect foods
Today I will take a few moments to reflect on what happened 10 years ago today in my own quiet way. I will never forget. #9/11
Damn. I just gave my Tony Lama's away.
just DM me
you should have come to get breakfast with us!
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for a person. You earn name by trying to do hard things perfectly.
I have a healthy appetite
What's better than a husb who brings home Thai food for you? One who takes it back when they get the order wrong. <3
Cafe,Krw.GREAT PLACE IN THE WORLD hehehe^_^hang out here more Often!!
no your not
RT Band steering in #Xirrus Wireless Arrays encourages clients to connect on the 5GHz band, which has more channels and less noise.
I know is ready but is ready for this
Jets defeated the Bills 28-24.
you might want to try calling Housing: 973-353-1037
Attending the Young Entrepreneur Preview Event at #Purdue. Excited to see new, inventive business plans.
I want a pb&j!
So who wants to attend SYTYCD (So You Think You Can Dance) Tour with me October 11th @ US Bank Arena!!!??? Ahh I wanna go!!!!
Officially headed to #THATCamp Jersey Shore in April, then #dhsi11 and #THATCamp Victoria in June. An exciting couple of months!
well that blows. When it comes in at Nutz u will b the 2nd to know.
If I can get 500 people or more to follow me on twitter I will have Tommy shave my head on stage May 24 at Hartman. Add me
cookie crisps and stussel cakes did just fine. Had a blast in Stillwater!
lol, it's actually for my friend Erin. But I can write you into it (:
I totally agree!
Hell no babe ;) & hehe well somehow maybe ;) & most of the time you mean? ;) xo
It's always interesting to see how Danica does. ;)
Always thought this when I played the board game. RT What if it only SEEMS they're aliens?...future humans come to rule the past?
Smith: He's going to close wealth disparities. Uh-huh.
RT : “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
weird child
Who keeps their receipts when they buy skittles and tea? Not me.
Ice Age glaciers brought variety of rock to Illinois - Chicago Daily Herald
Feel like death caught a bad cold
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
:'( you going to prom or not babes x
Tx! 2 book & paper related things always here: letterpress demos in the Print Shop & bookbinders tools in Shaker Shed.
Ryan Kennedy is a boy who is battling cancer & he has a wish to trend on twitter so instead of pointless tweets, tweet for him!
WHOEVER STOLE MY NEWS PAPER THIS MORN.Its chemically treated so within a half hour ur genitals will fall off.have a nice day :)
--> I just finished watching this. He is a great champion - and Nadal is very gracious in defeat.
bitch get hair done, get a face lift, get a body took and personal because you done here garbage!!!
I don't even know why I'm going to school today..
I really enjoyed learning about your work via #arttoinspiration this month. Really amazing!!
lolol always got a clever joke...
it must be boyfriend getting season or something... Because a lot of females I know have been in their feelings lately
tiff is bring her bf and Britt is bringing nick but its cuz someone backed out. The bus only fits 18-20ppl and were at 20 lol
When did VS start carrying triple D? I might be able to fit in that! I need to go shopping!
Congrats on your new NSC membership!
I'll be at Mandalay Bay tomorrow. I hope you're still hanging around out there Elk!
Hoping for some rest later today
A very Happy New Year to all edcampers! Here's to authentic, personal, and passionate learning in 2012.
Me & Claudia have the BEST conversations. Like yall wouldn't even imagine (;
Hand sanitizer = new vodka for teens. That pisses me off. It's so much cheaper than the cough syrup we were forced to drink at that age.
Are you or do you know any military moms? Give me a call at 640-4805 for a story for Sunday's edition of The Herald Bulletin.
I feel like crying :/ i hate days like this. Think im just gonna watch one of my fav movies ;)
Podcast Live from #DEATHSQUAD studios! www.ustream.tv/redban #deathsquadfam for life
Its amazing how much better one person can make your day!!!
those look so yummy.
great question. I think we should change that sooner than later.
new years eve, WAR HORSE
no but we'd love to!! RT I'm thinkin of doing a Royal Wedding themed wedding..have you done a theme like that?
“Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
don't think he should apologize for the call-out BUT I respect the action.
lol gud luv makin weather right here. To bad I don't have a man!
Packman on sports at 4:45 we're gonna start a new weekly tradition and award a "jack ass of the week". Suggestions? JK
So why are people protesting this again? I have no clue at all...smh.
#thoughtsduringschool Shut the hell up! I'm trying to watch this movie!
Gotta catch them all!
RANGERS ! Ah!!
is the game on yet?
Yup.its only right to do so. I'm listening to your project now. Ultra dope
He is very nasty
Thank U! Adam fans are the coolest! RT : What a lovely interview w/ Thank you!
Today @ 2:15 come see us at the outdoor stage!
am i aloud to be nosey and ask what happened on those days?
We're always happy to help:
"I never leave underwear at a guy's place b/c I never see it again." - What happens to them? - "I never go back." -Samantha my Hero SATC
Action speak louder then words but sometimes we need the words to understand the action..
Costa Ricans spend only 15% of what Americans do on healthcare, yet they live longer and healthier lives than people in any other country.
"All voluntary associations should be protected by law." #RonPaul has said it all along while Obama jumps on board just in time for election
Hooray, huge congrats! (we don't know each other but I remember you tweeting about looking for a long time--I tweet for library)
Happy Father's Day to all of you who have fledglings out there.
Whatever it is, it terrifies me. I don't know where it will escalate to. Pregnant 13 year olds as the norm? Where will it end.
Most definitely! Geese flock together!
HA! RT : If your crotch emits tachyons, see a doctor immediately.
I need a vaca.
Off to work
Favorite Song Lines--- I jumped in the river and what did I see? Black-eyed angels swam with me
Nothing worse than a guy who finds a technique I like and then changes it because he is afraid I'm getting bored. STICK WITH IT!!!
no!! why would u even ask tht
Ha! Two sins for the price of one.
Thanks for the love!
"which leads me to my next point... Don't do drugs."
Yes you do, very good songs at that!!!!!
Listening to the radio , and not doing anything in class >>>
Cindy is sharing change model since it is tough getting your organization to change the way training is delivered
I say #theknicksneed a lebron James
hey bo, my plays went very well this weekend im focusing on NCAA basketball now 4-0 so far tonight i have Nebraska moneyline
Stay Frosty.
my ms maggie dog is out of surgery and doing well :) i love you pet
yo i could use some grand theft auto sann andreas right now with some pizza and a 40
My dannon stride is immune to negativity
#ZimmermansNewAttorney Casey Anthony
About to take off from Sioux Falls with the team! Guys are looking forward to the 83 degree weather awaiting us!
Singing this morning!
Congrats to on winning!!!!
Sat's 10 mi run will be dedicated to for his generous donation & support of
Federal agents
Hunger Games with kids from was amazing. Great movie. Great kids.
600 followers #YEE thanks everyone! :D
I hope #wikileaks gets their hands on the Federal Reserves ledger sheets
that's funny to read! Thinking about it, I only use that app to show other people.
are just so cute. Those Icelandic accents always get me.
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Watching the True Hollywood Story on #MarthaStewart. I didn't know she was a model and started by cooking on a woodstove
Do u Know Jaden In Person
What's up homie?
This 1 million times this. RT Unless it's Bayless. RT : always save the critic
Anyone else wish they would play music at Target?
Holy crap! Two things I never thought I'd see. 's chin and 's butt!
“: camp announces fmr CIA officer & Bin Laden Unit ldr Michael Scheuer will address April 22 Paul rally in Philly”
praying big and sending white light her way!!
thanks John. Happy Saturday to you.
yea, but they're rated G & PG and run @ 10 AM. too many kids.
Me either but they're at TJ Maxx!
what was the purpose of this blog? music downloads?
Your address is too big when it takes FOREVER to print. Just sayin'.
Boozer gets clobbered by two guys with a minute left and no call. We don't deserve to win this game but come on...
can Australia text Hawaii? (:
it's 11:11 make a wish and say something (;
is it just me or is there a small army of twitter bots out there?
haha that's how scary movies work and u aren't a whore ur like Hannah
back from shopping at Soho with my stylist and brother "chris smooth smith" outfit on deck for my show this friday. come see me!
haha i know right!?!?:D bahahaha!!
So good! That is my favorite beer there. Enjoy!
SPRING BREAK IS FINALLY HERE! WOOHOO!!
Beginning of the 4th quarter of the ISSAC Girls Final: Lab School 30 German School 15
Mua needed for Tuesday 5/21 from 2-6 pm in Midtown Manhattan. Shoot pays 150$ for 3.5-4 hours. Please message me for more info.
Hood morning!!! Woke up feelin rejuvinated
nah I'm good. Happy for you Matt!
How do you practice pursuing gratitude?
RT : "I've learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision."_____Maya Angelou☺
Wow my daughter is active today.....how to harness the energy???
Who is watching #Addicted to Beauty?Now on OXYGEN
If I was drunk majority of life, I'd be content with everything.
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :))))
Big fat charity bar crawl for men's health is one month out! Register at movemberbaltimore.com and help fight prostate cancer!!
djiles, where did you get NH from? I'm def trying to get him out to Boston!!
THIS SATURDAY ! JANUARY 21ST-----UP NORTH AND OVER TALK AT THE BAYVIEW BREWHAUS!COME JOIN US !!
My iMac died…IT is switching me to a PC tomorrow. So sad :(
thanks for follow :)
Maybe they figured the four point play against the #Pacers would hold them over a few extra years...
I love your profile picture:)
again?? Love Miami huh? The heat.. ;]
I will be taking video and pictures as CES and will post at www.apinsights.info
And UK had to make a coaching change. You can tell me all the sudden top recruits just run to a down program?
When you're down and nothing, God's up to something. :)
This! Always have, always will. RT : I absolutely hate that fucking tomahawk chop.
Its pom squad season :) If anyone need pom squad bows definitely send me a message
Commission public input hearing in Norco is under way. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Yeahh I went #Crazy but I'm still pullin thru tha bullshit and all my haters I leave amaze
I think Ricky Rubio will have he's way with the lakers guards
went ghostt.. Nothing new.. :/
If you can, go to the front room today at 1. Nice jazz is always good on a great day.
#MegaMillions ticket purchased... Show me the money!
EVERYONE GO FRIGGING READ 'S STORY AND RETWEET THE SHIT OUT OF THE PAGE. FUCKING DO IT NOW. thankyou kbye.~ ✌
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
awesome - just in time for my shopping spree!
Going on a long-overdue password-changing rampage due to a close call with debit card fraud this afternoon, exciting!
This week is a "bye week," but the deets for the 16 and 23 have been posted on the blog!
Wishing people actually gave a fuck :(
Ok, lots of energy from my nutritious breakfast. What to do? Organize the kids and clean the house! 15 min bursts, then the chicken dance!
we need to calendars and an alarm clock to keep with all the events in Atlanta!!
$50 on tofu only @ Meijer again, they know me by name, yet still look at me like I'm crazy every time! Bet they're thinking #healthfreak!
No sweat. Let's chat next week--you name the date/time/etc?
If you love Austin and Alex. There on youtube and Keek! So go and watch them NOW!
Listing to suffokate makes me emo? Oh that's cool
The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup. Get the latest from twitter Follow them. Let's magnify the movement
#Life is like a box of ... worms.
Patio was open at the Brunswick Winking Lizard. Did you work?
Wow. KILLING IT tonight performing on #AmericanIdol. I'm a little flustered.
If everyone treated walking like driving a car, and just kept right. We'd have fewer of those awkward "dancing" moments.
delving into my medieval history collection may have done the trick, although sometimes no sleep is better than only 2 hrs.
So here's my handgun; so kill me, maybe?
am not!
#reddestcountyever... This probably explains why my grandpa got trounced when he ran for assembly in '84
My phone is now an international phone
Otherwise, I'm happy to do otherwise with you guys, though not sure i can keep up on pop culture. I might see if other main page
Janice Eberly discusses connection between #unemployment and #housing demand.
Holiday Hours: We will close Fri, Dec 23 at Noon through Sat, Dec 31. We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3 at 10:00 a.m. Happy Holidays!
ASHLEIGH ASHTON shooting her first national "event" for TMobile tomorrow! Singing and dancing!
did you grab those yellow elite Lebrons
#LMSunSIG accessibility issues are coming very much to the fore at this point, ESP w/ totally online
You know you're in Portland when, at a chic cafe called Public Domain, the guy next to you is discussing open source cell technology.
Staying sane is a pretty good thing, isn't it :) cc
Not enough help to the poor Bill and Warren know this well. they are right.
Saw the movie American Violet - it's fantastic!
and it was only yesterday she was dropping a bomb at brunch!
lol I'm gonna go sit in front of my mirror right now and practicee !
can I has some cupcakes?
well, I have to wait for my friend to get outta the bathroom
Woke up to the kids watching the performances from the first season of Glee. They're singing along :)
RT: What is Green leasing? There is no one uniform green lease
message me on windows live when you get the chance<3
That is a cool map, is it from 2007? I don't see a credit/timestamp
Brittany Killgore's body positively identified.. Details & the day in court for the Marine considered a person of interest in case. News8
I'm proud of who I am
getting a kick out of Grayson's beef w/Brookwood. Really impressed with the creativity of the rap vids these kids made.
Chloe Fitness in working da sh@# out of her clients!! Personal Fitness training goes down
We are thrilled announce that we will be playing at the Lummis Day Festival on June 3 in LA!
#Blackjack tip: Pay attention to your dealer when you have a 6 card 18 or 19. They'll pay (or take!) your push more often than you think!
Softball weather(: 💙⚾
I'm home now....time to "have fun" my arm
Did I mention that is due at 8am followed by having to close the bar Fri night as well. End of semester can't come soon enough!
RT : Miller Center Forum - Picking Cotton, 11 a.m.
hah ok think it was fine If I can recall just messin. nite!
And congrats on landing at the ProJo, where I got my start. Hope you're enjoying.
Did great on my second test, one more to go. But, first grocery shopping. I'm do hungry too.
#thingsiregret always being first to wake up...
Are there good, proven programs (curricula) to develop leadership skills in adolescents?
lol I don't give a fuck!
Do something different with $2 a day. Lose weight and be healthier by ordering Skinny Fiber! Money back guarantee....
She's getting a pair of tennis shoes for herself. I got her some skin creams.
LOL. RT : Here's what I want on my tombstone: "Please take me off of your email distribution list."
Today, 12/21 is Bah Humbug Day! Take today to release the stress of the holiday season. But, whatever you do, avoid becoming a real,...
IT WAS AWESOME! Do you want some?
1D Flawless Homosexuals is trending. Y.E.S <3
I've been hovering just under 450 followers for months now and finally broke it. If any of you bums unfollow, vengeance will be sought.
Day off. Watching snow fall. Catching up on DVR. Is this what relaxing feels like?
Wow. She looks breathtaking really! :) RT My new AVI *___*, she's so perfect.
Early morning... Still pissed about idol last idol last night!
minor league games are cancelled. Big league game still on for the time being
Big jobs reports tomorrow morning! Doubtful the market has enough new money to buy stocks at these high levels...
One day I'm going to be the boss!
You're The Hottest , Everybody Knows .
Thanks, Cheri!
oh you done after that haha
Wish we were able to attend the Data 2.0 Conference this year. We'll definitely make it next year though!
it's done:)
I want a chai milkshake. M.
Not Columbus - South Bend, please!
I wonder if its a TT called #HusbandToBe Lol
#nyy #yankees TEX is the poster boy for this problem, and SHAME ON HIM , but Joe Girardi must take ownership of the problem & FIX IT !!!
Gotta go to work on this beautiful sunday...its alright though cause I'm off on mondays...
is f***king awesome
Gonna check out Stephen Perkins' drum clinic tonight.
not feeling well...
My wifes first offical "Mothers Day" though. She deserves that applause.
Empathize, define, brainstorm, prototype,test are 5 stages of design thinking
Friday's Lunch Special: Smokin' Cowboy Wrap with Chipotle Gouda Cheese! Come on over...and don't forget to try one of our fabulous juices
make it easier, and fill the pipeline faster
Okay, I'll try and fine tune it in the meantime.
you are the dorkiest dork that ever dorked. And thank you. :).
then out of the blue clear sky
If there were a hell, those motherfuckers are certainly deserving of such a place.
Listen to Shixting. Texting shat audio. www.kevinkash.com
Woaaaa woaa woaa I've liked him in 2000 girl I know every single song!! 😊😊😊😄😉☺
Now I'm craving donuts. Not children.
Zombies with Bree!
The lady that looks like me.
It's all about marketing it
Anyone in touch with Oregon folks in Japan helping after disaster? We'd love to chat!
Happy b'day, Ani! Eat some Mac and Cheese! :)
Guess ima have to smoke my loud with this crazy old head! I dont like to smoke alone
Bye to facebook.
Correction: bought tickets for THE AVENGERS midnight screening in Emeryville. The northern Californa IMAX premiere!
you all are just jealous of me and Hagans dad skill of snoring
Sounds good.
Discussing the role of an org like UNESCO as a safeguard for our cultural heritage & history while the internet is increasingly privatized.
Way to go #FrancisLewisHighschool ! Still looking for money for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page! Just do it...
Think I'm a fuck wit people at random this morning lol
gotta love lazy Sundays :)
they're all the same but I needed to do it because of the following limits with twitter
Racks on racks on top of stacks
If you heard my album yay. If you haven't, RT.
no, bright pink nails!!!!
I need to go to sleep...Goodnight #Followme :)
What to do what to do
Real wont something funny to happend to somebody :P
Hanging with at da Stage about to watch Ketchy shubby
yes! I get in at midnight.
Newport RI truly is a beautiful town. Haven't been there in at least 10 years. Enjoy!
u know my hand been up..losing feeling in my fingers
Cool buddy, can't wait!
I have been a fan since you started racing! I only want you to win! Congrats & a great tribute RIP Dan Wheldon..You did it Helio
just finished a very productive meeting with our CTO.. now i'm starving and getting ready for a very late dinner.. long day!
Voodoo child 2 my new hoes
Better a good doctor with a wrong theory, than a bad one with a right theory.
And Magnetic Fields influence; who knew?
lol I was waiting for u to say that cuz I know ur a rock kind of guy
Just home after a long day of walleye fishing,tired and going in to crash and grab my wifes ass
drunk at work
Trying to shake being so crabby. Ugh. I need to crack open that box of wine. Now.
Passing the fox lot...
I want Bubba to win bc his name is Bubba and he has a pink driver.
The Andre Miller needs to find a good barber... quick.
lol ha funny
Tarp coming off at
We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?
Do you know a great way that the district could save money? Send your nuggets of brilliance to
Coldwater Closeouts & Crowds
to be honest our President is a uncle Sam. He talk like a ChiTown pimp and wont save a man life.
Really getting a lot out of the Nerdist Way. Bought both audio and Kindle versions. Thanks!
heading down to Elliot Street Pub for a brew and a sandwich. 7pm. Y'all come too.
My precious...
It was great to hear from our Pres. how important #service is to the country...how did you like the call?
I am engaged :).
DO you have paper/regular plates and enough forks? I am bringing coconut cake.
Just a little fun on a Sunday evening, joined in with #likeablechat to learn more about non=profits
Come on caps!
Im like a sprained ankle. Boy, i aint nothing to play with
hello there what has u up at this hour
Just the thought of tomorrow <
One week until the and Indy Wine Fest. We're bringing some really cool small-production, boutique wines.
Q3: We are hosting a Poetry Contest and a Multimedia Center Petting Zoo.
Word ! Now one of my favorite bands.
Like Mariano Rivera, Billy Crystal comes in to save the show!
: And sometimes it's the only answer.
right back at ya, chief...
After HIGH SCHOOL sh*t got real. Girls Got pregnant, ppl got locked up, Some didn't Graduate, Couples broke up, Bestfriends became Strangers
Hey Morgan! I'm actually down in FL now. I'd love to hook you up with an interview with AE once we are down in TX!
DISCOVER FRUITS IN BANGLADESH | Discover Bangladesh
We are working on it... Latent semantic indexing of firehose comments/micro-blogs, as well as your standard blog comment fare.
All good! Thanks for the mention. Hope your day is great. :)
maybe! I'll take it. I haven't felt special nrg like that in a room since Slayer reign In blood tour. Oh wow i just rlzed I'm old.
/// Finished a beat.™
I know! I even bathe.
next 3 people that follow me will get a shout out
i dont know why exactly he's famous cause he didn't really do anything but become friends with someone
Good afternoon are we making history today?
Century guy girl dace tonight to bad they stink
Was in canton. Trying to get to Royal Oak. Avoided backup on 275. Took 96. Southfield fwy closed. Then 94 to 75 and home. Why, Michigan why?
fact. I guess all the Philly public schools I went to were in feasterville or something...
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I just don't get it! After months of stagnation, everyone & his brother is hitting my blog today! I am floored!
Word? No doubt I got u. 100
FYI youtube video w/ didn't get the whole thing. It started the minute he said #WarOnWomen was silly. Watch the entire segment
& he just fucked it up playing this loud ass adele in my ear.
“: Now that thats over, I can start thinking about my one true love #motorcycleracing #AMA #motogp” I agree 100%
Another journal with an unreported prior title that has to be updated? That's it, I'm out for the day.
