It turns out grilled mango is delicious but you should peel it first
You go to bed
we can relate to that! Would u like 2 share what your wife misses the most about #Israel ?
haha yep I had my first run in with the cashier in his bears santa hat! Merry Christmas!
why can't I upload a picture?
Missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you that you love them. ( i love you E.S )
Does anyone know of an iphone apps group in San Diego? If not, lets start one! Building an alliance to crush the app store.
#bikeshare will elevate this city!! Yay
So is Brad Richards playing today?
And it's over. Horns win 21-10. Pac 12 champs!
I have so much respect for my favorite unsigned band, <3 I think should cover something by ? ;D
Michael Jackson's kids to impress his handfootprints at Grauman's on Jan 26th at 11with a special performance by immortal
I love my bestfriend/sister meli Mel. Death couldn't keep us apart. Ily girly:)
50s and raining in the Bay, but still the best place on Earth (next to Hawaii)
JUSTIN CHANGED MY LIFE
I just wrote the opening music score for my new tv show (pilot) on my iPhone & acoustic guitar. Thanks #lespaul and
I'm always pushing someone away...
thanks! its fun working with
I'm feeling so much better, my sinus problems are going away!
Big audition at Warner Bros today as an anchorwoman. Even bigger hair.
Protect your dreams. Let people wonder. Nobody needs to constantly know your next move.
did you ever try Magic Power Coffee? They pay you when your friends buy it.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms including mines..
still stuffed from the iron cupcake challenge. Thanks for the donation!
#AWD Remember to meet in Holmes today!
I was like about to cry I was so scared lol;))
menu changes coming tomorrow night leaning towards picasso. come in to check them out, pics to come!
Man or woman it seems that being honest is rare these days lbvs
Congrats for being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hope so!! A little worried about securing tickets though.
Sweet-chocolate-Christ that coco mole ale was some good sh*t. Unexpectedly spicy too!
I'm doing great! School in a little bit /: how are you? :)
: don't forget endless hot chocolate duh
Make sure you don't travel to Costa Rica for a meetup group, and then find out that meetup group doesn't exist anymore! Damn you CR Tech!
Thes One is from San Pedro, Double K is from Mid-City
I gained three new 'followers' today, all of whom 'follow' many thousands of people. Wish I could auto-block those notifications & accts.
we'd love to if we can!
I'm definitely recording it & putting it on YouTube. Its part of my whole promo/marketing plan I've laid out. Just in case :)
Having a great time in Phoenix met with SunWest yesterday, heading to E&J Appliance today
Chef's Special: Escargot Stuffed Mushrooms w pickled marrow & salsa verde x 6 pairs nicely with a BIN Pinot on this fine Monday!
Well hello there :D Any friend of Willy is a friend of mine :D
Never a clean inning, but he gets it done
me too hope its as good as this 1 was
These lil boys nice aha play at 3 at highland springs aha
Need a new texting buddy(;
Who's planning on running against to become the 45th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin (aka LtGov4realz)
I love you Justin Drew !
Thanks for this article.
I honesty think the homie is my twin
Thank you for your leadership on transportation safety around Austin and your insightful remarks this morning.
The former girls of DREAM now are going to premier Bang,Bang on a live stream tomorrow afternoon. Come join.
Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards
So far, has most informative tweet. Schedule of markup.
Worst choice I made today: gettin on the freeway
Our plan doesn't work? I'm ashamed of myself for not being the best to trend #AustinTo700K for :I
New Handsome Follower!
i love drive by!! thank you!
Loved the concert but very upset that we waited on line for almost 2 hours in the freezing cold after 6pm when it was supposed to start...
Room is prepped for GWSB LLPs Waffle Study Break tomorrow morning! Stopping by , , and other ?
I promised shoutouts to the last 10 followers, for 1000. I haven't reached 1000 but I will do the last 9 right now!
Enjoyn the Nite Life Strange rains on La nites
listening to George Karl in the press room after a loss is soo depressing..
Badgers Kevin Zeitler goes to Bengals at #27..Packers pick is in..listen to the Big 1070 for live coverage when they select their guy!
Why didn't you state your idiotic political positions w/Bill Maher?
Loved your article on making your own skincare products. Going to rub a potato on my face tomorrow, and honey it up tonight!
I really don't want to go to school -_-.
yep. The first one on Sunday. Might try to hassle the bull pen.
Missing the days of when I had a full head of hair...sigh, thinning hair sucks..oh well.
Waking up hungry is horrible. Knowing that the only meal you get is at lunchtime until the next night.
miss u too :*
When considering a link purchase or exchange, check the cache date of the page where your link will be located in Google
Fire alarm! I'd go to Starbucks across the street, but I bet the hundreds of other people evacuating have the same idea.
why the hate :/
Can't wait to see all of the gowns! RT : Keep your #Eredcarpet tweets coming! Who are you super excited for!
Here we go. 9th inning in Anaheim
VINCENTS A GOOD DRAWER!!!!!!!!
Please order my new rapping cd "life's turn" released today at 3:30 buy the deluxe today for only $5.00 and get my new DVD today only $25.00
*sings* god is trying to tell you something..
Thank you! RT Love your new site!
I can't argue with that at all. The past 3 years here have made me appreciate MI drivers much more.
when does #thevoice come on ?
I leave a trail of genius wherever I go....
All of them better be tweeting DAILY.
Colts release Bob Sanders.
who's ready for the red carpet? star time!
she claim she skinny but she not lol wow
A whip my hair back nd forth, A whip my hair back nd forth, a whip my..oh.. sorry dude.. but can't you see I'm whipping my hair?
Can't handle SNL too much beauty
thank you for following me
Administrators for Peacocks say they are looking for a buyer for the clothing retailer, as customers are told they can no longer use the co
Hello world
lmao! no, I was there!! hahahah :P
I can smell my MERCEDES
Congratulations to Coach Craig Johnson and Santa Margarita Catholic on reaching the quarterfinals at High School Nationals!
smh its too early for all that
#caca jury selection is live on clickorlando.com. Judge Perry WILL allow "odor" samples to be used as evidence in trial. Bad 4 Defense!
Thank you for the mention.
the only way I am satisfied is when someone shouts "faster cracker"
RT : Gotta think like an Artist at all times
geez, learn how to spell. -.-
“: this is woow look at my link from profile” how about no
pray for me :-)
Whomever created the Pop Tart Joylicious commercial was on some wacky stuff.
-Can take you home?-Just look gospodin.tolko glance
They Don't Know Me.
Save the date! Next Wednesday, January 11th, 5% of Whole Foods Market Pearl and Fremont location sales will be donated to The Pongo Fund.
I'll let you know after I have my first poster session tomorrow.... ugh.
Stop what you're doing. Take a deep breathe. Now imagine what's possible for you this new moon cycle. Enjoy!
Seeing the man dr uribe today!
Snag that perfect piece for your collection! #ITAOTC auction w/ &more!
Tomorrow is never promised, so I want all my friends and family to know how THANKFUL I am that ALL OF YOU are in my life.
Getting my gym flow in out west ...
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Blue is still pretty at night
You know, I'm kinda a big deal
Happy 2012! Have a happy, healthy, plant based 2012!!
Yeah, it's horrible. I saw the car that hit me in rearview 1 second before impact, and all I could do was scream!
just dropped by the office, fixed my pivot charts, and jetted off to #NYXPO to assist
#vsa2011 regular access and license to hang out in museums creates <3 for museums!
eventlet? is this just not like.. asyncore?
Join Critical Exposure students and the #Ward4 community tonight for a meeting on school modernization w/ Coolidge HS, 6pm.
Sweet! See you then!
I just want you, only you and always you! #why can't I have what I want?
Up next is the case study with
9:30 on a Tuesday night why is there so many people in the gym!?
I need suggestions for childcare in East Dallas (white rock lake area) for a new client. Kids < 3 yrs.
Rocky Mountain National Park, Red Rocks, 16th Street Mall, LoDo, Larimer Square. A lot of outdoors stuff
heyy(: can you follow my friend for me? Thank you!!(:
TIL that natural gas comes out of the ground at 130 octane and does not require refining! No wonder the interest.
;) correct performance AEX Tech Tips Episode 4: Adjusting Motor Height
thoughts on yoga parties? A client, friend and teacher is doing one, of a sort. Wondering if I should market more? And how?
062345877#REP :Broadcast this and your BBM will get repaired this is working
I;m coming to OSU this weekend.
cause ha fat ass hungry come get me I don't feel like driving :-(
Almost that #HappyHour folks! Where are you going for your #WineDownWednesday? Stop by a #Bartab bar for $1 drinks
Argentine tango USA championship off to a good start yesterday with , and their partners. Good luck today, guys!
Thank you for reading. I appreciate it.
watch fresh prince instead! Lol
WHY AM I UP? Think ima go #biking :)
oops meant *your and not you.
Things are great. We'll certainly be following you and will reach out if an opportunity presents itself.
We should base our lives on principles, not rules and laws. Rules and laws change, but principles never change and will always have permanen
Y bother send me a one letter wrd Rollin eyez.
U.S. Open entry deadline is today. Decisions, decisions......
Obviously peaceful protesting is unpatriotic to the Oakland PD, in other countries we would label these sort of protests "democratic"
Flagstaff Business News thanks New Frontiers for renewing their marketing agreement with our Flagstaff publication
Worldwide, 13 million babies are born preterm and a million die as a result.
Oh my Google. New YouTube format = delicious.
Gotchu! Bring some money just in case I go hit the tattoo shop though.
Oh. Well... Good thing I just showered, at least my foot is clean
« « My bed mysteriously gets too comfortable every morning, anyone else?»»
I read yesterday on Twitter that (who I follow) is looking for a used 50mm 1.2
Lindzi:"I love the transformation". What, from Gold digger to total whore?
Is anyone else still awake...?
well i feel so left out....:(
Just finished an interview with - watch FOX31 news tonight at 5:00
Hiring by healthcare companies expected to set pace for mgmt recruitment across all industries thru end of 2009 per latest ExecuNet poll.
best friend.? LMFAO is my life! legit!
In this week, one #FollowFriday spreads its butterfly wings above all others: , y'all!
"Look before you leap, for snakes amoung sweet flowers do creep". Just saw a snake in my garden.
Hey, are you free at about 4:00 to play some tennis with Shawn? He has a tournament this weekend and needs to hit some.
miss you :)
God forbid he should investigate his own clergy.
In Md seniors can just go to school 1/2 days if taken all their requirements yet large no. of kids must take remedial courses in college
Nice hit
I'm quite proud of mine!! And now we can spend less!!
“: how am i suppose to see you when you are not coming to my state? :'(” what state?
Marvel 66swde Bd L Chateau 24 Wine Cellar And Drawer ...
awww you guys are just awesome hope u guys are having an awesome time wish i was there with u guys luv ya -rusher4life
Fuck i wana sleep but i go to work at 4
Warming it up at Couture Ultra Lounge!
Kristen Hawkins hit by a pitch for the 12th time this year, tying her for the single season record with current vol asst Sarah Tacke.
Be yourself not the poeser on Tv
that's unfortunate. I've had that happen on here. Friends disown you b/c you don't agree, as if you can't be friends & not share
Athleta Event Tomorrow Morning! For every tweet w/#AthletaNYC. One student’s semester of yoga classes will be sponsored by Athleta!
Is Oil Change on your To Do List? Give us 20 minutes and we'll get you back on the road. Visit www.ExpressLube.com for more info.
Pro tip: When having trouble finding good available logon ID's for a site, one's knowledge of #Choctaw vocab can provide a wealth of names.
Nicely Done!! RT Yay! Thanks for following! Been reading Archie comics via my IPhone! ;) loving every copy! ;)
Well proposal passed. :-) nervous as hell. Could have been better.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
laker fans can not be delusional. It's great we beat the nuggets but the thunder is going to be a challenge. Rest & Practice!
Stopped to buy a case of Pepsi, and the cashier asked for an ID. Sounds like it is a "global Target" issue.
you're welcome :)
pretty sure ranked high-score at the #atpconference putting green!
is the most beautiful girl i hae ever seen ! :)
are you on instagram too?
Experimenting with my BBE BMax preamp into my Crown XLS 2500 poweramp,incredible sound!very "transparent"+ powerful,NO limits,magnificent!
lol! Yes u do
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Music is 50% of any film. Keeping the score in mind through production can be very helpful
How ya doin'? Happy new year!
YES WE DID!! Thank you so much for hosting us!!
You MAD cause I dont like Nicki? Oh.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
morning everyone how are we all
Number 12 with sweet tea and Barbecue sauce!
Ha. Probably not anything good.
Suffolk University FORD HALL FORUM has me on panel discussing future of Photojournalism Thursday 26 April 6:30-8pm 120 Trement St Boston
who u nigga?!
pumped for tonight at phoenix landing
Sure can you please tell your friends about our project thank you
just for support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :)
did you even check out my blog? i can tell you did not, you won't see any bieber face there darlin
amazing cosmetics pressed mineral powder and maybeline one by one (coral tube) the colossal I heard has a strong scent
Brownlee says healthcare is like fishing industry. Everyone looking for personal gain at peril of the system - tragedy of the commons
In LA this week showing the images to Anne Lyden. So exciting to finally see the photographs! Fabulous new work out there! Results June 14th
That beautiful moment when The Fray breaks out an accordian! Loved it!
If I am not dripping with sweat after a workout I did not push myself enough. Go big or go home
An Anthropologist watches all of the above and wants to do participant observational study :-)
RT "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what others say cannot be done." Randy Foutch
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was lost... And I STILL AM
Charley came and now we are cuddling man do I love my puppers
Omg you guys should listen to his official cover from one less lonely girl!! So beautifull, it makes my cry! :') x
Just came from #edcampcolumbus yesterday and also attended #edcampcincy. THE best f2f PD ever.
Have pride in your imperfections and show the world that you are a work in progress
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 5:03 PM using Waze - Drive Social
LOVE when the Birds talk in the morning.....if ONLY I knew what they were saying.......
I guess I'll go,I best be on my way out !<3
monday- 75 degrees in the morning. tuesday- 35 degrees in the morning.
Dane and I may play a couple songs?
": #nebraska scores first vs. #wisconsin game over" are you sure?
What are you doing to celebrate National Marquette Day?
Tell me why I even bothered to buy "light" butter.
Tron time! 28 years is a long time for a sequal. Hoping it's worth it.
I been waiting so long/patience became my vice...
that soot joke was amazing lmao you fell for it hard
had our first coffee this morning ! So excited that they're around the corner from our office. And doughnuts? SOLD.
DeSmidtland thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
can you be specific like what state
this beat go so hard
Everything is not what it seem to be
Grown men wearing colored contacts...WHY?
She'll probably still apologize, she feels horrible. But I did fix the credit & I added you in as well. :)
like duh.....lol
great to find you here too! Thanks for connecting on FB
Pre-natal yoga for Terra. This shit is punny
I was raised with a gang of niggas with get money intentions
Something is definitely...off...about Lark Voorhies' skin tone in that video...
Spread the word... We will be free for a while... Testers welcome so "like" us on our fan page and get a free profile for life!!
Austin's lips >>>>
Get your blend on! We're here until 6!
Glad to hear there is another positve role model for kids involved in professional sports. We need more of them.
Q7: Being too tired to prep food to put in the slow cooker the next day!
Shows this week- Tuesday @ Shotskis in Winter Springs, Thursday @ Oasis in Sorrento, Friday @ Crossroads in Deland, Sat @ Shots in Deltona
supporting me is sweet. but I understand
I successfully passed my thesis defense!! Now to find a professional job...
Airsoft GI - Hatch XTAK Knee/Elbow Pads - Hatch Reactor Hard Knuckle Gloves . czech republic
crazy!!! Lol yay :) “: #Cancer's best friend and lover: #Taurus”
haha! Dominated that table, we showed them.
I wanna play Zelda Windwaker... that game is sick af.
Caucasians have sought the answer for years. We simply do not know why.
I've cried four times today. I think it's about time I go to bed.
OMG I CANT BELIEVE I GOT THIS DRESS. ITS SO BEAUTIFUL.
uh where?
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades
#SinveWereBeingHonest I'd rather have a bad day with you then a good day with anyone else.
I can see Holt's performance review, "Remember the Alamo!?"
"You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have I decide that for yourself."
Girl Let's Go , Let's Goo , Let's Go !
Can't Wait! RT : Heading to the fete at soho...get ready!
its crazy how niggas say one things and do another omge i dont even wanna put that nigga onblast like
Drinking some more 2night, then the next day sleep the day away....
wanted to chat with you about bring success partner?
Thanks, Jay! Always good to be "home" again - even if just for a few minutes...
I've noticed my cell is getting WAY better service than before... which only frightens me to see my next phone bill.
I think it'd be weird dating somebody that has the same name as me.
agreed. The slutty tweets are fun, obviously. I love to play. I just want a different game sometimes.
Polyester was the one
one direction >
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR #BEACHLIFE OVER HERE IN PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA! WE HAVE NICE BEACHES!
#roadbuffs just passed Pueblo.
...I assumed you've done this?:p
RT : Indiana is officially who I'm rooting for the rest of the way.
Its another beautiful day in vegas!! So ready for the weekend, and my fav spot in town, the pool at
People's decisions these days are terrible -.-
The chaffing has settled down.
Starry Coin Purse by CottageCarries
#userfocus REI has very methodically cultivated "endless aisle" concept
And I look forward to every one!
Emilio Estevez got a chance to be 'Billy the Kid'...there is still hope for us all
In my case, I ended up getting wall spam every time the owner of the group posted to it, b/c the owner and I are friends.
there u go
Glad you love the burhnam and going to hold you to a visit to Atwood next time your in Chicago
“: Which Srixon golf ball do you rely on to get the job done on the course?” Srixon Z Star Tour Yellow
email them
I'm From The UK, You?x
I'm going to leave and then come back!
Bequeath - Empires of Zombies[Sprite band challenge]
oh i thought that was more like a 90 minute flight? guess it depends who you fly with.
Missed Scrubs tonight. Will have to watch it later. Hopefully no one died, like seems to be happening on all the shows I watch.
Dat ass, part VI
Cant take it when im gone
Valet checking in, gonna bring you some hard hitting rock over the next 3 hours. Sit back, relax and enjoy the show! WSUPFL.com
what a blast today ! bravo! bravo!
4 game series against philly. They can still tie it...but at least we didn't lose another
Ok i gotcha...Do u want to make them..shes my co owner..she makes them in a diffrent design then i do.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it
Sad Diavolina closed, bought my wedding shoes there back in the day, but now Madison is twice as big...
I'm about to go hard on this juicing
My stomach hurts So bad. :(
surprise! Happy Birthday from LevelUp and !
#10FactsAboutMe I get bored easily watching action movies
#thingsmenshouldnttextEachOther Put it in the hole...
I hate to let administrators think that they can do away with a paid position and have free labor from kids to replace it!
Sad Day For Hip Hop
Hope everyone has a great weekend.
lol we will kick dont trip
We need to start scheduling focus groups in the Christ Hospital Imaging Center.
If you were mine, I'd never let you go.
#pimpphases : get yo shit together to be on my team imma leave you alone if u just a dumb ass don't worry #we still friends
OMG OMG!!! followed me! ah! thank you so much!!(:
You have to tell yourself that just because one thing doesn't work out, it doesn't mean nothing will. Trust me <3
Do you end up reading a lot of MG stuff to keep up?
No rent til 2010! Come tour today!
RT : It is not just that children of gay couples shld have lesser protections than children of other couples in our state
Have a safe trip and a GREAT time Clark!!
RT : Chun: "Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook." "To be is to be updated."
same, you goin to lifting every day we have it ?
I'm not in the mood at all!!!!!
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
no ;) to early for sleep!
Wow. Our tax situation kind of sucks this year. Need to do a better job balancing it out next year.
Flight 480 from Seattle to San Diego has not been kind to or wedding party this morning. Inoperable planes dont help
Kudos to Father Pfleger for 5k reward for information leading to the arrest for the beaten of the Elderly Priest..Father Mallette
sounds like fun!
They are saying rain late today, kind of hard to believe actually, oh this desert living.
Cool panel abt Social Media w/ panelists fr 9News, Ft Collins Coloradoan, Denver Post & CU Independent.
Sometimes I forget about the recession, but then my package of Ramen noodles brings it all bach to me.
Thanks for the #storify demo! Very promising....
I guess I'll go out with my coworkers n have a drink
What and where is Kopps?!?
hw school going?
sorry do not know your language
Tonight we're at Southern Exposure in Columbia, SC. 'Pre-premiering' new piece by !
Id rather not listen to how hot you think some girl is
In my very limited exposure, I have decided that you would be THE best person to drink with and go on adventures. Hello!
Looking at photos I shot of Rookie at Mission Bay this weekend. What a well behaved, and fun puggle! Can't wait for Jen & Jay to see them!
We appreciate your follow & hope you visit. Our "Captain Kirk" chair (as one of our male customers put it) is very relaxing!
night bitches. fucking tired. hopefully that bitch doesnt come rummaging through the door like she usually does. smh fuck my life
The point to remember is that what the Government gives it must first take away.
Even when the NBA tries to make LeBron win, (0 fouls)... He can't. I'm sorry, but as much talent as he has, he just does. not. have. "IT".
Oh! Actually, I fixed James Joyce. Read down. Not that it makes much difference apparently...
Almost to 200 tweet
where was my invite! ?
Hahaha. #CBC. Duh. I keep doing that!
you need to tell me the exact dates and everything so I know :)
It's my prerogative ;-)
hi dad
Heading to base camp in April. Give me some tips based on your experience. Thanks Eric
#medlibs Anyone interested in virtually attending MIS business meeting in Seattle using G+ DM me.
Hey , we're outside! Let us in!
Wake up to see that have locked up to a long term deal. Best Monday news in a long time for Buccos fans.
Debate time!
download a few apps per week, watch some videos, skype some, take pictures and so on, not storing HD videos on the iPhone
": I'm LISTING & FOLLOWING the next 30 that follow ----> "done they have great tweets! I love !
i'm well Bri! what u up to today? : )
can you be a doctor for a few mins?
National chocolate chip day! Almost as fabulous as National Nutella day...almost.
Spending some time with my family....
Meh, I still wear white after Labor Day, just to piss people off.
yes, I was alluding to the after-period debate. but that's the past, lines between bullets is the vitriolic debate of the future
Love it
Frosting our red velvet cupcakes by hand and they're going down a conveyor belt very much like Willie Wonka! Next up, Caramel Blast.
I used adobe photoshop
'I wasnt poor i was po i couldnt afford the or' fuckin Big L man #np lifestyles of the poor & dangerous
Figure I might watch the second half, just to see the range of emotions.
#songthatchangedmylife famous last words
How many people know someone who has type 1 diabetes?
LEBRON needs to get a T!!! Come on REFS Grow Some and be fair. He argues every call!
Dan brought home mr j's bagel bites and I ate them... All of them.
It was in the couch and no one would listen to me >:/
Off to the event at - come join us! $2 in #aluminum cans!
Starting the Local Voices segment
Thank you so much for the kind words! it's amazing the work you guys are doing! Thank you! :)
I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl. It's something different. Still, I collect both :) do you have
We're celebrating World Read Aloud Day with Rocket Learns to Read and sharing why reading is fun and important
Did Fox just cut to a video of #Danica going towards the Ladies' room? Give her privacy people!
Advocate Condell Patient, Doctors, Associates Celebrate Breast Imaging Accreditation By American College of Radiology
Wearing a long sleeved navy tee and jeans on an 80 degree day. Brilliant, asshat.
lol yea u need to go to sleep because this is not facebook lol
Loved the video. My fav part was the Magnum part, I hate when dudes walk around with that! We all know they're lying.
finally off...I'm about to recover fr =\
If you on my TL & You know u sexy gone head & RT this with yo bad self
Splendid! Coming by tonight?? RT : we have six girls, but I already got a hold of your VIP host by phone. Thank you!
omg. Yum.
found a user called @ sosexyerin thought u might have changed ur handle. Yeah, no, it's not u. I think.
What is changing?
If it's time for you to buy a new commercial vehicle, give #MelloyDodge a call at 888-760-4136 to speak to one of our sales professionals.
#Waxing is a method of semi-permanent hair removal that removes the hair from the root.
Kris Allen. So much better than his first album! :)
You have exactly the same kind as we do! Go to my fig preserve post!!! They are great gifts! You don't have to eat them.
Read a ton this week - bad week for anything else. Just started Bujold's Young Miles. Want pluck by osmosis
Looking for unique, adorable, inexpensive children's gifts? Stop into Watts and check out SUGARBOOGER! We now carry a huge assortment!
is looking for interns! Send resumes and times of availability to .
When I blog about it, I'll get it right! #twitterdoesntcount!
LMAO. A list of sexual fantasies per the Scope listed this one: Getting boned by ‘Darth Vader’ while dressed up like a Storm Trooper
We're on Weather Watch
New Alert Released
It'll be ok in the end. If it's not ok, then it's not the end. <3
If I get 70 followers by Saturday ill give all my followers a shoutout and a followback
Great fight on tonight
RT : I think it's part of the mystery of writing that the real great hands always conceal how they do it. – Anthony Powell
you two totally rule. jus sayn.
Nationals kick ass
What up twit world! Wiz opened the door for Pittsburgh, now Young Bravo is in a position to keep it open for for the Steel City
Aww, I remember when y'all met. We were at LOVE. Memories...so precious!
I always question what's on your mind....
she got her own thing !
Did the Long Beach Flea make your Sunday wrap up even more fun? Thanks for coming!
Thanks for the mention! We always enjoy your informative tweets. Submission Deadline tonight 11:59 PDT
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
Lots to do tomorrow on my day off. Main goal for the day is to update my blog. I'm way past due.
r u okay aj it waz an accident big show did not mean to
Alec is havoc?
If you come to the Orlando Warped to see my friend I will personally buy you a snow cone.
I tried to be there for you. and where are you now?
#oomf is torturing me again with her music at least its not love in the club baby makin music...
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
this week needs to go by fast so I can see you.
I want some shoes tho some Them 3stripeShoes
to I meant lol
at least he offers. Bitches around here expect dates first. So annoying.
even if your products were all marked down by 50% they are TOO EXPENSIVE!!!
Good wine needs space to roam. Get one or two good wine glasses to open up the flavor!
Erika wants to know when we r having lunch
I'm so happy Chaz is off voted off DWTS.
very sorry for the loss of your Dad.
We have added new functionality to the account product list page. You can now search, filter and page your products. Enjoy!
Just got to the lab..bout to make a weather inspired track with
I would love if the all jumped tami !!! Lol
I literally had bike thieves cut through my frame because my components were worth so much more than the bike itself.
I'm so good at nail biting that this garlic stuff I've been shellacking on lately has really grown on me. Keeps vampires away, too
Thank you for the K+. I still need to figure out how that all works too! :)
thanks ass
shanks cutie pie!
Author revenue from digital self-pub of personal backlist would be collateral damage of most likely failure mode of #bcltorphanworks schemes
If you had the opportunity to see someone perform at the Paramount, who would you choose?
Celsion Corp $CLSN closed a $15mm financing with leading life science institutional investors today
If my mom knew what kind daughter she has #aym <3))
Hey, how's it going?
Note to self: dont sneeze while taking a sip of a full cup of coffee....time to start cleaning.
Went to the Cup Finals and conference finals back-to-back years.
what about it?
Ok my Twitter feed is ahead of the game on TV. I predicted that Woodsen INT to my family and freaked them out.
Omg 's icon scared me!!! I slapped my phone so hard!!!
"A man who cannot weep has as much life as a pond without any water." ~ Elisha Hale
yeah rod just mad cuz me & you got something going on and he lonely...he old anyway...lmao
I will be celebrating Women's History Month by not being seen once barefoot in the kitchen.
No beach,bikini & beer for me. Spring break will be spent in full #thesis-resurrection mode: Planning & plotting wk of
Coworker:y isn't there anything to do today? Me: bc Louisville doesnt have anyone playing in the
Far Cry 3 looks fuggin live
#cil11 To learn more about board games, go to boardgameswithscott.com
foil wrap cotton soak with acetone is the best way to remove gel polish don't forget to buff off the top first
tay u aint gone stop till i 🚬ur ass
Recommended Reading - "Social Foundations of Thought and Actions: A Social Cognitive Theory" by Albert Bandura (1986) - One of the Best!
You know you're from #GatorCountry if your Jersey's are missing their sleeves.
Happy Birthday to my bro
Indeed. Such is capitalism.
New alarm clock has no snooze button. To turn off, u need to leave room and enter passcode. I know it works because I am on my 4th one....
Still laughing when Randy Jackson asked where the Arch was in St. Louis and it was right behind him on AI!
Burn notice
Agreed! RT : Have a great weekend friends! In the U.S. we're celebrating #MLK Day - What an inspiration and hero!
#10ThingsIWantToHappen 1: tour worldwide w/ my duo 1 day!! ;) speaking of: FOLLOW US! - new music comin soon!
Hey students! is hiring! see tweet!
Woot! RT : Want to #celebrate #women artists??? I know you do! Come out to tonight at the Moore Building
I saw the Weinermobile on 95. Didn't realize that it doubles as a tour bus. That's about all I have for today...
Yep....day off...its raining...got me some good food.....& watching The Surf's movie.. #DontJudgeMe ....lol
If I were to get a tattoo, I would so consider the ATL skull
#herworld You were great! Nspiring story of entrepeneur and phenom helping girls dream big
Hey if u see this and it says I don't follow u I'm really sorry I have to unfollow 100 people a day to meet 100 new people and promote
Thanks for following the show!
Maybe I'm imagining this, but the ferry to Larkspur seems way more nicer than the one to Vallejo.
Javier Mendoza's Latin Jazz Experiment performs 2 sets tonite and 2 sets for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! The Bistro is going to be heating up!
good! Where is it at?
Hey Milwaukee! Stop by Pizza Shuttle before or after the concert. Get concert tickets from
Atlanta is my home town its the only place i love i Rep the #DirtySouth till i die !
I love shy guys(:
received your e-mail... when do you arrive?
We good, we get it, We love, where we headed. So we live, to regret it. But we don't ever care.
Top performers have 3X higher capabilities than peers, but there's still room for improvement - at
Don't give up yet.
haha I know right I'm never getting a brownie again
Trying to figure out how much of what you get from the Internet is really true. What do you think? 30%? More or less?
Interested in talking to Online Effectiveness Managers.....
Can I come to your happenin' party?
They've needed every bit of it... : Yes he has.
The inmates are running the asylum today, there could be giveaways
He got dem crane legs.
why don't u follow me? Dude not cool!
alright #crew96, weathergirl pulled off gorgeous weather. now its time for you to pull off a win
...you can see africa all up and thru my locs lolz weezy was deff talking about me in a milli "tougher than nigerian haaiir" ha
Hey Stinky followers, Today is National Tell a Story Day. What is your favorite story?? How about your favorite Stinky Story :)
lol a mess
Quick Business.. I have recently gotten access to some Denver Metro wholesale real estate deals. Please let me know if you'd like updates!
Early morning workout. Healthy breakfast. I'm feeling great today! #HappyHumpDay everyone 😘
Forgetting your purse on your car rof and having it drop through your sunroof while you're driving....
thinking about learning a new language. What should it be?
Hands on: Android Market website improved, still lags AppBrain
"Once you end pay-to-play system" Are you referring to AYSO and youth club team soccer? Many people now getting rich from it.
Huge contingent from Marvin Elementary School here holding signs and bearind yellow T-shirts
Thanks for RTs :)
whats the good word? Is yesterday's "volunteer" practice showing its effect tonight?
OMG teachers be showing you the most corniest shit ever nd think it's koo smh lolx
It would start raining right after I washed my car :(
the story is messed up.
Hi thanks for the follow.
Does everybody hate Tuesdays like I do? Ug….
k he said wed 330
oh gosh how do you keep track of anything 😳
Looks like Kobe vs Lebron finals will never happen.
IM SCARED
Exercise of the day: Ball Wall Squat - The Ball Wall Squat is an effective in home lower body exercise that really engages your glutes,...
you awakee? Answer your text if you are ! I'm locked out my house. Keep me company lmao
as much as I'm enjoying this banter it makes me wonder y r we so wrapped up in other people's choices.
I see a baby boy in ur future! Relax don't try so hard-let go IT WILL HAPPEN! I've been right twice so far! lol... :)
time to go to work!
It's RAINING hard.
Things you never thought you would hear (or want to hear): Manny Parra & Kameron Loe have the 2 best ERAs on this team.
Keeping up with the #insanity and have two auditions today. Gotta stay in the game. Dig Deeper!
You can get deez bars too lol
Attended the open house tonight (formerly SSLA Studios). Fantastic job they did putting their new space together!
#Clippers get the dub in OT
Playwriting tip: It can be daunting trying to be the next Shakespeare. Try to be Moliere or O'Neill first, then work your way up.
First there was Playboy, then there were plenty others...and Playboy!
omg I look hella dark you can't even see me I look like last might and last night was dark lol
Can't believe Jermaine is getting kicked off
#fatpeoplenightmares Mcdonald's closing their door forever!!!!
Paul McCartney's new album is getting me through this paper. He still got it
Writers keep writing Singers keeps singing people keep dreaming their dreams U C in their eyes feelings inside R from words of songs U sing
After nearly 2yrs.I'll be back in the ring May 14th.Against Tommy Gunn for the STPW heavyweight title.I'm ready to let loose.
couldn't sleep and found you under aynrandbot followers. Great timeline! Thanks for posting. Adam
Packing for our Midwest tour! We're hitting St. Louis, Chicago, Grand Rapids, Cleveland, Columbus and Evansville. Shall we?
Promise only what you can deliver. Then deliver more than you promise. ~Author Unknown
#20factsaboutme 14) After a certain point, I never looked at the world the same again
Isn't it weird for someone else to suddenly take over getting the tickets though? he might get suspicious
haha just cleaning my room. how about you?
y didnt u ask me???
Soccer channel is on at our house right now!
we do! Be strong. They're idiots and wastes of our times. They'll never change.
The 'ta is quite a town!! RT Best set yet. In Wichita, of all places.
Playing tonight with Pistol Pete in Rockford. Tomorrow at Buddy Guy's for the Windy City Blues competition!
This year's #Fiesta #OysterBake logo looks like an Ed Hardy T-Shirt! Only about 2 years late to that party.
Thanks very much for the recommendation.
my dash is perfection right now, i am just reblogging everything !
Fast Facts: A metabolic disorder is any dysfunction that results in the loss of metabolic control of balance in the body.
thanks for the RT, all the best!
I want to leave for Chicago at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Not 8. Not 11. Com'on
Where can you get all 5 of our beers for $3 a pint? The Stoneyard in Brockport. Today and tomorrow. Great food too
Hall: Need to look at radical implications of school desegregation-bringing to light policy origins key to modern issues
Gross with no eggs!
Why am I the last to know that is pregnant ! Sad for me
i tried to tell him-anywho something is wrong bye
I think he exceeded expectations so far. I'm disappointed bcuz I thought he'd be dialed in for a contract year.
I love critism! Makes us a better person and stronger for the next one!
Oh Matthew, she's so beautiful! I hope you know you'll spend the rest of your life under her thumb ;-)
sapree in my sisters car listening to Vietnamese music lmfaoo!!
": Dancing with the Stars is kinda gay..." It might be but Donald Driver is on this season still so I'm still watching lol
At least We Did! Yay!
My Dads #1 rule up at his cabin. #1. No laying pipe after 9pm - Captains orders.
Good to know.
Kobe dapped up JT after that 3 on the wing last night :hat
Thanks. Hope you enjoyed your time at Singing Stone
I know; it seems things are getting more crazy each year. Part of it is parents obsessing about their kids...
I mean, I'd take that as a compliment
As the Fallen Rise is releasing their full length cd this weekend!!! Make sure you stop by their merch table at #Kylestock and pick it up!
My bed is empty without my baby :/
Still haven't seen it yet :( My friend got sick and didn't read for a long time. Hopefully next week. Can't wait to see it!
please dont tell me you went to bdubs...
First Of All I CAN DO WHAT THE FUCK I WANT ON THIS BITCH , I MADE THE PAGE SO THEREFORE I CAN WRITE WHAT THE FUCK I WANT!
RT IF YOU LOVE A CELEBRITY THAT DOESN'T EVEN KNOW THAT YOU EXIST.
“: BigBang" it up!!! Alive tour coming to USA soon. Creative Directed by ya girl LaurieAnn” DM me the schedule!
Hayes arguing that the staging of legal trials to interrogate extra-marital sexuality didn't stifle female agency but gave it space
yo I finally got on the tweets!
Literally wakin up, cup in hand ready type
Dont you dare snow Washington. Its not even Thanksgiving.
Great folks to follow! #FF Have a great weekend!!
Thank You Too :)
Omg all this paperwork is mind numbing need to rest my eyes and look at some sales ! ^_^
Did...did Justin Bieber die? And then tweet about it? RT swimmin with the fishes
Think left and think right and think low and think high
7-$10 Locks today on the table. Because of this late notice, get all 7 for only $20! Save $50. PayPal to
"I always feel so good when I come to GTWT, we all love being here, it takes away the stress I have at home" - GTWT Participant Liz, age 17
I know right?
You are just jealous that they are famous and you aren't... I care about them and so do a lot of people! >:(
thanks for feedback and support! I think would be a great opportunity to learn. I will follow up
Or lack thereof 😞
hey...weird old twitter acct I tweeted to you from this morning, this is the one i use...what's new, you moved?!
#IHateToBreakItToYou , but you're awesome.
Prosecutors would agree to help him. Not now.
At the movies to see The Avengers. Successfully executed a chat-and-cut into very long line af getting popcorn. Very impressed with myself.
Love it when people motivate me to do better!! Seeing 40/40 right now #distraction are a thing of the past
We need some more facebook likes! Go like our page if you haven't already and tell your friends!
great question! sends #real-time data on #income & #expenses #cashflow reports to #endusers who use
I installed CyanogenMod on my Nook Color less than two months after getting it. I wish more hardware was as hackable.
Thanks for the follow.
When he understands my soccer problems. >>
Great class today. Was really tough getting back after 2 weeks off, but glad to be back. Looking forward to the Tues class.
RT The Corvettes @ Del Mar Lifeguard Dance Party Fundraiser: July 25, 2009 7PM-10PM, 1658 Coast Blvd Del Mar, Public Welcome!
Lakefront Living – A Great Party Barge For Your LakeThe Lake- party barges
no one deserves to be treated bad but some of these dealers are very incompetent and only worry about you tipping them
The Hive is not to be fukked with...
wow, you can really see Tyra's crazy eyes in that video. Its way past
Diplo Tonight ! Tonight should be poppin! HMU if you're in Vegas and you want to party! It's alway a good time!
:D oh and I saw your documentary. So cool & pretty!!
RT : Looks like we're also doing Man in The Box! Can't come to Seattle and not do some AIC :)
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and talking about bitches that we almost had - Drake
Ohmygod. Club Penguin... Hahaha. I never had one but my friend showed me it once. LOL, no.
SHE took the leap and BUILT her wings on the way down---- CELEBRATE her DARING! #WALKTOTHEEDGE/LIFE'SGREATESTRISKISNOTTAKINGONE ;-)
Dislike Palmer Place
Great announcement for CrownPS
Hype Machine is the baddest new music adder to my repertoire.
I want a picture!
Happy Thanksgiving #Canada! Wish I was there to enjoy some turkey!
be so good they cant ignore you!!
Looks like I will be moving back to Oklahoma for a year. I'm getting my yoga teaching certificate and planting a garden on my parents farm.
Designing a new syllabus today on gender and science...
man it's great. Traveling all over. How have you been
#10MusiciansIWannaBang All 5 of One Direction, Tom DeLonge, Thom Yorke, Travis Barker, Andrew Belle, and Miles Kane.
Happy Birthday - Spinal Tap is my all time favorite movie.
Back to LA! Tucsons airport is so small.. Reminds me of the Bahamas. Your in and out in 10 mins.
Welcome new followers
it's a black one. D; I'm sorry. Ya still want it? Text my number bro.
Published YA/MG authors w/2012 bks! Sign up for 's Teen Author Reading Series Summer/Fall dates! Email gmail 4 info.
you've been super quiet/"distancing yourself" this week
Were open late Tonight & All weekend long Make an appt/ tweet us or just stop by 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland #weave Full Male
Wow, hundreds of LA workers just entered Madison Capitol building & chants picked up dramatically. This protest is not de-escalating. #w ...
#ADHD & #ADD, if used to your advantage, can help you do amazing things.
NEUROLOGIC COMPONENTS OF HUMAN SEXUAL RESPONSE: EXCITEMENT - ...
lol haha ya know how I do, and yea I know u be avoidin me but I jus been workin and recordin ya know how dat go
Mary, thanks so much for following this project. Sincerely, Juan
I love your hair like that. It looks really cool. How long did it take you to do that?
It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.
Hibbert block party!!!
Lejeune Marines, Afghan forces unleash Operation Reservoir Dogs ...
Those mormon dudes cursed us lmfao
Marlyn Johnson. I love you
all this talk of advertising in social...hands up if you WANT advertising invading your social interactions.
meeetting went well
“: Time to get my nerd on tonight so I can party tomorrow night lol #Imagoodstudent”
can't wait for my Pinot Noir to get here!
wait til j hard get in
Just signed up for a summer membership at the gym. Holy hot guy central! lol me and are gonna have some great eye candy ;)
BREAKING NEWS: President Obama has endorsed gay marriage. One small step for him and administration..one giant leap for mankind.
don't fall asleep
Playboy XM Radio Spice @ 10:30pm PST. Tonight, y'all. Call in. Tre, what's the number?
why dnt you call nd ask
You're very welcome Annette!
Nigga get back..you ain't got no money fa child support!! lol -Leinsa
lol it's goodnight for me!
#entrepreneurs looking to have an event in #RVA #NOVA #DMV #mustfollow for tips and tools for a successful event.
As I look over at the beauty laying next to me sleep, my only thoughts is that I am the luckiest man alive. Thank you God for my angel.
John Isner's first Davis Cup loss this year, ;-)
“: I love rugs, esp will you guys help decorate my love nest?” sure let's knw wat u like we we'l send you coupons
Nice Image!
I am so bummed
Oh good grief. Really? Theme weddings aren't cool. At all.
aw miss you too.... kinda..
can't wait for friday...buying tickets to their show next month.
I know it would benefit humanity if I jumped off a bridge but I'm not because I'm a jerk.
Yes! It seems that I've lost all of my reading time, this year.
thank u x
“: Why hello , let's see what ya got!” Right on! Check out our site, www.wearelux.com
The best thing about this upcoming weekend is: __________
Kobe's damn near bald
But I'd never thought about the etymology before you mentioned it!
Silence Would be better U nut! RT Love being home to hear & and a witty curtis earth song!!
watchin then #raw :D is my drug (: i cant believe steph slapped me lol i love cm punk
“Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
One thing I know for sure is you will never forget me and the great memories. Everything that I did I did for you.
Check out photos from CyberMaryland's debut at RSA 2012 on the CyberMaryland Facebook page!
Linkedin groups are a great place to plant web addresses. Try to join and participate in as many as match your industry.
Wishing everyone a pleasant productive Afternoon on this pre-weekend of "The Mothers".
It was so good tho omg
indeed! He was one of the greatest at expressing a "feeling" through the record!
I was at prom an this hoe came in with a damn bird nose.
Wonder what 2 celebs will be at Fetish Houston Thursday? Hm come to find out :)
Cocaine-fueled memorization binges.
You know, I'll tell you a secret - it isn't really difficult to understand the budget. Politicians kind of try to make it difficult. [1943]
I will try to attend. : Join #IntDesignerchat Today #Pinterest Tips for growing your design blog and biz.
George Carlin is the truth
We look forward to Clarence Smith (Jazz drummer and teacher) coming to give a clinic at an upcoming rehearsal.
Nominal data is basically Tickle Me Elmo.
If my calculations are correct, when this thing hits 88mph, your gonna see some serious shit.
Come check out our First Friday Booksale at 333 S. Michigan St. (behind the Main Library) on April 6th from 4-8pm.
thnx! need it for sure!
A man needs his space. Testosterone must fester. It begets its self.
I think I'm gonna go comfortable tomorrow! Shorts and a t-shirt... Not sure😲
At a funeral. One of the stained glass windows has flying baby heads...no bodies, just flying baby heads...
. drugs would help nugent; he eschews them. his mind could use some expanding beyond its prepubescent pillbox capacity.
Glad it's not bottoms up!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
iloveyou<3 CONGATS!!! Justin bieber is an amazing guy he's so sweet kind funny ;3 he's my life:D JUSTINDREWBIEBER<3!.
BREAKING: BP announces all its products are now called "milk" #SOTU /via
When your parents notice you look thinner >
Not sure. Would be helpful though!
bill liked it
You got me lifted shifted higher than the cieling andd oh wee uts the ultimate feelingg :)
Delis now have Chipolte chicken to add to your sandwiches. I have completed lost my mind. LOL
": A hand-written note is a powerful motivator. It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.#elbook"
Excuse my black language ;p
Aw, the lucky one seems like a cute movie. Definitely going to see that!
ur first Top 3 homecoming to attend ??
Just had an awesome night with She is amazing...LOVE YOU
Grilled chicken!!! New grill seasoning mix ;)
I'm a volunteer. Have you been to our FB page? Jorn
RT Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood. T. S. ELIOT
Now, you cannot know if there is a deception unless you know the meaning behind the apparent design. For that, you need the math & geometry.
Without Facebook, truth would have no proof!
How about graphing favorite Justin Beiber or Miley Cyrus songs? Us sales numbers for research?
thats whats up you playing college?
I believe a wet dream about someone just means you want that person, but correct me if I'm mistaking
OKC is a love hate for me. They should still be the Sonics and this Seattle boy holds a grudge.
"Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels."
some app on my machine made an alert noise. I've no idea which one.
btw, former #Jets and #Cardinals DB is on Twitter. Was always helpful & friendly in my first few years on the beat.
That's right I was Mr.Handyman today.
Bout to hit up the pool with my girls!!
And one more thing:
Scotland yard softball wins 6 to 5
I can't get over how perfect your hair is
RT :I'd started having dreams where I could fly.
just wanted to say that you rocked the past Sunday. Knowledgable and entertaining.
Birdy City is getting psyched for the this week. See you there!
watching take ugly pictures of herself with my itouch
Successful morning at Paragraphs aviary. Indigo Bunting and common yellowthroat. Both having baths.
Preparing to record in October. Get excited!
aint no way...
I feel so fortunate to work for Bank of Albuquerque – I am on my way to paint at the Barrett Foundation emergency shelter with 10 other emp…
RT "You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey #quote" hell yeah baby :D
Guys, you gotta have confidence! Women would rather hear, “I made plans for us.” Instead of, “I don’t know, whatever you wanna do.”
Funny story: Shot photos and followed Wilsonville's Juhee Lee for a few holes today at district golf. She came up to me after and said ...
Come work over here and bring wifey;)
SECRETS DON'T MAKE FRIENDS
Super day at the Crafty Super Market!! Thanks to the folks at fabricate!!
Lori embroidered an amazing bee on a certain photo artist's Indy Mart jersey -- so real you want to bat it right offa there ;)
Just saw a Plano mom get arrested across street from my house, brought from around back in cuffs. 2nd cop walked out front door. Very odd.
Being a bandgeek and talking to my other bandgeek friends all night long on MSN messanger
“: slowly. Going to keep pushing tho! #stringy. #1000PushupChallenge.” it's a marathon not a sprint! U will kill it
Is toast
. is the center of the sports world. & -all going super deep in the playoffs. Fun to watch!
no excuses
Preparing to welcome all faculty and staff back to campus tomorrow...where did summer go?
two hot dogs ribs and corn
that new pic is badass! love it!
WOW! Congrats Hedonism! I guess you did SOMETHING right! lol!!!
already?? that went by so fast!!!
In Vegas baby!
u guys are awesome! Whenever I want a good laugh I watch ur show, and it never disappoints!!! Keep it up guys!!!:D
Just making a mess of the BCS.
Ah the mole wasn't real
it's been one of those off-school-mondays..wake up, eat breakfast and watch my favorite movies aaalll day long <3
I don't think even can make Khali look good!!
i thought you were at jenkintown - are you at basil's? if so, i'll correct. i'm a nazareth alumna!
Welcome and thanks Keep the good ideas flowing!
idk don't got money and ima spend time with my family today
Hmm...can't see my DMs, nor send right now, so maybe we all broke Twitter. Email me otherwise. Break over, back to talks...
Hearing about Citrix XenApp. Should I drink the kool-aid.
Decided to cash in those never taken lunch hrs and left work hr early for a park & blanket date with my guy. #Spring #Wheeeeeeee!
only fans can stop it. They believe it's what the fans want
"New York was his town and it always would be."
I can't wait!
My producer used to do some work for Atlantic Records but not anymore, he does it from his home. :)
I did. My mistake. I'm mostly a FB guy. You have been followed. :)
That's all we need, people drinking on their way to work.
Is there a petition I can sign somewhere to get 12 Horse in 12 pack cans? Let's do this guys.
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap made eliminating most or all book costs?
in #onmymind by whenever he sings "give me the chance to love you" i wish he was singing that to me ...
GOODMORNING T ENJOY YOUR DAY
FIU play for the Sun Belt Conference title this Sat at 3:30pm. Mario could take them from an 0-12 season to SBC Champs in 4 years. Awesome.
dirty dancing : back when women were something special
this prodject is due in two weeks from now ill do it next weeks lol
Seriously considering moving just so I can be closer to a #Starbucks!
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall - Will be b/w Regents & Streit-Perham across from Track
Worst grades everr
thanks man!
I hate when boys realize their cute...and they're dumb cocky because of it. </3
Actors in class should get more fired up for their fellow artists work and wins then they do watching a football game!
Fingers crossed! Get it get it get it :)
love this...something similar happened in Austin last year...so interesting.
Eminem- no apology
I'll never look at my cats the same way again.
Momento are *giving away* a top of the range MacBook Air to celebrate the launch of v2.0! RT & Follow momentoapp.com via
Right, the problem is though it would be hard to tell people what to expect without an iilegal call to action.
just got a twitter. If you're not following him, you're missing out in life. Follow him
Eat breakfast to get slim. It normailzes blood sugar levels so you are less hungry during the day.
Virtualizing OS X for the first time.... It'll be nice to be able to test installs without clobbering my system
Happy Birthday to you too!! Happy to share our share our special day with you!! Enjoy!
wish I could go back in time about a week - deadlines blah
After Hurricane Irene, we are back in full swing!
Happy Birthday Michelle Obama, Muhammad Ali, and Betty White! What a line-up.
Hey West Coast... hope you're all getting your #smash on!
thank you.
I've split my soul into several horcruxes!
asks : "where does personalization interact with privacy?"
Lmao i actually thought i liked you but fuck that now.
I hope it's a one!
Green chile cheeseburger :)
I was thinking that we can have the #meetup on the 16.
It's bad when first on my list of things to do is catch up on my #drawsomethings, right?
went four wheeling with the Twinn. Muddy. As. Fuck. Hahaaa
hm. I sort of hear u. 140 characters isn't enough for a philosophical discussion.
Good game vandy... On to the big dance.
really? i told i planned on meeting him then running away.
Lives and learns
I think it's a mac 'n cheese night!
Launch ur assault now!!!
Monday #Marketing Tip: Do your customers know what makes your #dealership different? Make sure they learn as soon as they walk in the door!
The problem with reality is there no freakin background music!
Today included,lunch,oberhoffer,cocktails,features,candlebox,Edward sharpe,old crow medicine show, n Mumford & Sons to cap it off
Natural is beautiful
You take me :\ haha
: now that sounds like fun!
A little oovoo sesh before bed was exactly what I needed 😍❤
I keep telling myself its not closing! lol...We're overdue for peach wave btw.What r you guys doing for your dads bday?
Come check out our website for SPECIAL PACKAGE DEALS and virtual tours of our beautiful hotel! www.yachtharborhotel.com :)
We checked out the song & we feel like we have a spot to place it in the film! E-mail us @
I'm not gonna lie #oomf is hella cute ;x
People of the digital world, I won tickets to see in Pomona 2mrw. Now, who is going to be my plus 1? :)
Mahalo to everyone who came out to support us at the air permit hearing last night, together we can build a better future
Thx for the mention in Human Resources News Daily!
a Pisces. That's the best sign. They are feelers and lovers. Find a guy with that sign :) we also make the best friends
nasty nasty nasty
“: Hear there's a show this weekend. Where and when??” GEMINI Is playing at 10:00PM 's Tavern in Westfield
And how many Stanley Cups have the guppies brought home
awww okay well in my high school life sleepin is a created hobby
always a pleasure! #onecapella!! ;)
RT : SEC Media Days are here, which means the start of college football.
adaptation is a system-level process, not an event-level decision - so system must support rules based on context
My name is Rick Perry, and I'm running for Dickhead.
I am drinking coffee too! And I am watcing Ninja Warrior!
Movie goers, go out and watch Hugo an excellent movie for the young & adults. You will love this show.
being rude will get you no where in life so you back off!please&frankly I dont care what you have to say <3
You are a trip.
the miz sucks and jmo is gone, silly ;)
oh lol I was blunted staring at that pic stumped AF
#howardstern has officially jumped the shark being a judge on
Karma handles revenge better than I would...
Man, fuck everyone else. It's just me and you against the world.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Was also glad to see on today's
babe, wanna Skype with me?
So. Tru. Also, who feels bad for Edith? Answer: No one
Can't help but love I'm 26 and I still relate to the girl.
Her name is Philippa, her nickname is Pippa, kind of how Henry's nickname is Harry
Welcome to my twitterverse ! Hope you have a great summer!
AYE I RECORDED ABDC. I SHALL WATCH IT EVERYDAY NOW C:
Mr. Bob Dobolina...(cc: ) RT : Bob Apodaca is a great name. Reminds me of Bob Dobolina
Why are they cutting the nets? Seems like that should be for the champ or the final 4. No wonder tuition costs are so high.
Stuntin is a habit..GET LIKE ME. 
hahaha, I get it!
The best things in life are not things.. They're acts. Whether it be acts of kindness, comedy acts, or sex acts.
Hey you dang woodchucks. Quit chucking my wood!
people really don't like defining things
I hate fuckin customers
Who is bringing the "hurricanes" and "dark and stormy's"?
haha sucker!! :P
Busy day at work! Tired.
Thanks so much for the retweets! ♥
oh! Ha. I thought you meant you were also flying out of Baton Rouge.
Yepper! We just traded up from Central. Total yay!
I have returned from this Foo Fighters doc to let you know that there is footage of Bob Mould singing backup and it is fancy.
you sang Weightless like a boss tonight ;P glad I asked you so sing it
Happy Thanksgving Everybody Have An Good One :D
was great talking with you man! Stay in touch. -Adam
I leave Twitter then get back on to hear Craig Owens is back with Chiodos! :')
Let our aim be a way of life not diametrically opposed to, but better than that of the mob. - Seneca.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:) FOLLOW PLEASE? 3
I made an A in English 2322 :'D
no, that doesn't mean that. You have to keep at it. You aren't always right for certain roles. Don't give up! (:
I know that feeling. But you gotta believe!
HA!! HA!!.... YEAH! can't TRUST NO ONE... not even TWITTERS WORD..... lol
#myworldmemories when Justin and Jaden sang never say never :) in san Jose
Changes in Latitude - Casual Living
Jalin Marshall didn't even give michigan time to "cool" on him
checking in on this thing.......doug
My mom overplays the song "brighter then the sun"
I try and trust all of the story ideas that happen when doing those household chores.
Ugh. Courtney. You are a horrible person. Karma's a bitch. And you are too.
Apparently the secret service isn't so secret...
Retweet if your still up !!
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.—Wernher von Braun
Oh look it's The Shins who *aren't* from here
**newsflash** is Micheal Jackson BAD!! Now back to NFL!
Happy Independence Day! I'm so thankful for all the men who fought for our country way bck when!
I LOVE SOO MUCH HE'S SOO CUTE AND FUNNY.. CANT LEAVE OUT CA$H I LOVE YOU TO *BLOWS A KISS* :)
On vacation in Seattle, but can't get my body off of EST. Am awake in the wee hours of the morning.
need to talk business with you, follow me!
This is why were together. Your the best RT : No kids no stretch marks
Congrats to and whole crew on #MiddleOfNowhere I hear you got picked up!
Children change the way we live. So choose wisely. Stuffits will start to take over your life quickly as you may see.
Thank you. I'm following you.
On your own timing, with your own rules as usual....lol. Love ya!
Preparations for the 2nd Annual Winter Film Awards have officially begun!!!
Sometimes I listen to Austin's KGSR because I miss the Thunderclouds Sub jingle.
sorry you had to learn the truth monica
You tweet like a teenager texts.
oh how I love getting migranes while I'm working.
Who on da drive?
love it
Wack plains with
great seeing the bats heat up tonight!!
Xavier-KSU. Was. Epic. Wanted Jordan Crawford to hit the Elite Eight tho & guarantee a 6 or below seed would make Final Four
Well All I Can Say Is Today Was Another Days Journey And I`Am Glad About It
I don't care if we talk about nothing I just want to talk to you.♥ ( i love you E.S )
Just finished shooting Monday's Material Insights ... Frank headed 2 Germany (K) ths wknd.
ohkay I will
you should write a song about Frida Kahlo, since you already wrote one for Van Gogh and Galileo
...straight from google and if so how??
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it. -Lord Macaulay.
Been saying this 4 a long time: "KFI must permanently remove John and Ken from the air. Los Angeles deserves better."
#WhenAustin asked his mom if she was pregnant on Ustream. Michele: "Come here I have something to tell you!" Austin: "Are you pregnant?" LOL
Thanks man. I try.
4.0 this quarter of course but not gettin off to a good start w/ starting this paper at 2:20 n tha morning
DUSS huge slaps on ask again getting ready to make EOD push IMO!!!
Nissan is the worst car dealership to do business with. I am outraged!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are the best NeNe. You got your shit together loving it😃😃😃😃😃
X going to win, but Lehigh is doing what many fb coaches cannot do...Milk the clock.
It'll be nice to not have to worry about playing the Nationals again until the playoffs.
#WhenILookAtYourAvi I wonder why you think guys don't think highly of you when it's nothing but your tits.
As the music booms from below, I must prepare to hit the road.
looking forward to answers for this question!
I can never find Jordans in a size 14 in Austin...
Every day that ends in "y" RT So, when's Ugly Christmas Sweater Day?
#Kyle #Turris listed as week to week for
that meeting sounds delicious!
That's not the way to look at it. But being traditional isn't a bad thing.
Didn't get to see the game. Sounds like Miller would've been better off launching a 3...another one of his new tendencies.
Going into the bathroom after someone just showered feels like entering the rainforest.
RT : Looking forward to seeing some docs in progress tonight courtesy of for
If only my parents would drive 45 minutes so i could come see you... :/
100% clear focus, deadlines, and a smoothie LOL<----what flavor? I'm all about productivity!
You should ask on the SMBSD Facebook page
Part 3 of 3 on adoption of BI: Buy-in and acceptance of what will be measured and presented to the managers.
wanna play @ the orphanage???? contact Spoon @ 773-807-5157 for music booking. thanks
ruben already has a iron man helmet!
Up editing man I'm hungry and I'm ready too show all
You need to overcome your zombie fear and join us.
The thuggery on the las vegas streets is mind boggeling....smh
That ghost is Freddy. And he's upset you messed with his closet.
RT : Don't forget to turn your clocks forward one hour! SPRING FORWARD!!!
LOL, so true. So true.
Busy day got a lot on my plate today.
Emma!! That was my only twitter kiss on national kiss day!! lol, thanks!!! :) happy saturday!!
I am!
I love this life I get the honor to live. Thank u Lord.
Today, 80% of colleges and universities are located in metropolitan areas
THE WORST!!
smh.... To early in the mornings...
Ok, I admit it, I take Performance Enhancing Drugs. They are Diet Dr. Pepper, poppy seed bagels, and V. Often all at the same time.
He squeeze it and he can tell how it feel
Hey yall there will be information meetings in the urec classroom at 7 on Wednesday and Thursday. Try and make it out
On March 30th the documentary Bully comes out. It's rated R but even if you are under 17, DEMAND to see this film.
just getting my roger brown on aka HH 15 U HYPE MAN through twitter
#DerekJeter is spending 2012 just giving age the middle finger!
Definitely worth reading if yr interested. It's well done, but he doesn't have nice things to say about pretty much anyone.
Family get-together.... Fun.
Missing my bed right about now..
Yay, breakfast with a friend who I haven't seen all month and miss way too much!
Not too bad, it got me on the wrist area.
Everybody in the #DMV should be following by now #thatboygood go download his new mixtape its a classic
Awesome mograph by Fraser Davidson for Bill Maher's new book. (via )
I know... You have to show me Alaska and the whales. This is going to be a summer to remember.
I have a yolo tattoo, does that mean Im a hoe?
Nothing feels better than a nice hot shower after a freezing cold softball game.
Sunday, March 18 2:04pm Sacramento: It's Hailing!
*Getting to the money*
This is an EDD form, so I need to send you to EDD. You can tweet them at
I will be attending #OAH2012 in Milwaukee this weekend. Any recommendations? Am daunted by so many sessions requiring special RSVP
#iGot99Problems and they all bitches
Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?
do your thing ... been riding bikes, the baby feel asleep, qtpie freaked out. time to get her mind right
i shall acompany you!!
RT lock me in << FETISH HOUSTON ? GOT YOU
The cheating, diving, feigning injury and other assorted misdeeds in #elclasico produce a awful "ad" for the sport.
I explained to an incredulous Texan why some people drink espresso: "It's like the difference between beer and whiskey," I said. She got it.
not going to the tap takeover?
Last chance to see Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie at Tribeca is this Friday at 5:30pm. Come one. Come all.
I'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world , ♥ ^.^
Hi, i am so sorry, I was hacked. I'll change my password
ok we are going to walmart and acct goofy like were thongs around the store nd more...!!!Im crazy
awesome and you can checking for everything & anything so checking everyday so you can get a new #HungerGameSticker yo lol
Coming Soon: Tweets from Richard Price: Dissenter, Welshman, Revolutionary, Republican Radical
Welcome to #PackerNation we are excited to have you!
Seahawks are gonna party like it's 19...2009
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm always willing to bring you food for our rehearsals. It's the least I can do.
Thanks! We're looking for volunteers to host children's book drives across the country this spring. Would you like to lead one?
Check out 's new track "turn it up" by Young Siic via #soundcloud soundcloud.com/young-siic/06......
Someone call security.
Cause boo the bank was closed when I was going to deposit it into my account so this morning when I went to do it my sh was gone!
There's always a spot in my heart that will be yours:/
You don't need much extra room--there's less free swag at SLA than at ALA, in my experience.
Me! Me! Well, I was a teenager, but I loved it.
that's ok. If my doctor don't release me I might not be able to attend the concert.
Thanks! I just checked my jeans, I'm safe!
im good im gucci. You still around?
One of the best interviews of a sports figure (or anyone else for that matter) that I've ever seen/heard
Really looking forward to some day trips to Chicago this summer.
Side note... Curtis Stone is the best thing to happen to since ...
Time zone is so stupid , whenever Austin's sleeping , I'm awake but when I'm sleeping , Austin's awake -.-
