Also, travel for next FY includes some new destinations for me: San Diego, Denver, Saskatoon!
thanks for your help! You've got a great product! Keep up the good work!!
Great to see you too! Looking forward to connecting again soon, we have some work to do here in DC :)
Taylor Swift: Journey to Fearless is first on my "What to Watch" list? You know me all too well, Netflix.
#ilovemybrownskin love every shade brown + shades of my brown hair
beautiful day in #ATX stuck inside doing grad school things
great job on Gameday this morning. Even if you did pick against my Huskers. Still rooting for your Cats.
doesn't matter, Brady will kill them anyway. (NOT A PATRIOTS OR A BRADY FAN) just to clarify. (Although Gisele will be there) *grin*
I have so much work to do this weekend, but I'm not stressing about it. It'll get done. :)
SXSW is here! SO many great shows including The Villas on Friday and Saturday!
Going to bed...night Assholes.
hey the pic of ur profile is nice
I refuse to accept anything but a complete overhaul of my current standard of living. That regular progression is for ppl with regular jobs.
Funny story, Met the SAS man on a ride last week. Great guy, sharp looking jacket. Support the locals!
Had such a great time last nite!! Of Montreal amazing as always!! Felt so alive & in the moment!!! Love it when a show does that :)
15 of UK's 27 outs were strikeouts, not going to win very many games that way
REMINDER....Bloody Brunch is still on the look out for promotional goodies for our swag bags! Shoot an email to ! :)
I've got you.
Cant wait for the new Batman movie either going to be good
Journalism major? Follow us for more details
I HATE YOU, THIRD DIMENSION!
You know your bored when you start doing the dishes ... And no one asked you to do it.
yep! Quite a few in the last week
I don't know how this question got in here. Is it true that Don & Jim are lovers?
Great work! Be sure to post pics for you hashtag experiment! We will help you!
Just sold a 4G Wireless Internet service to Sem from the Ice Rays Interns. He got it all with no contract, only $30 a month!
oriole nation appreciates the effort! Starting to believe!!
Didnt your mom ever tell you dont judge a book by its cover! Taste is all that matters..What flavors did you make??
thanks for the feedback! Always nice to hear.
is scheduled to play on FreshTV March 17! More details soon!
#WWENOC I pick punk, ADR, Henry, not sure on rest... Do you wrestle in Louisville
Wow what a bottle of wine & good company will get out of you!
Everybody's starting to piss me off.
definitely! Let me know next time your up. And wear your good socks, or I won't let you in my house!
cherry poptart=success
It does not matter if you are rich or poor. People are still going to talk about you. Might as well get rich!
sounds like something I would do haha. It's like bringing flip flops for later when u wear heels
What up doe? You're going to the right spot.
Nap city, bitch.
Top developer to create apps for Mac to have fun.
Poetry is going to kill me.
go to sleep.
I obvi stress bout that a lot Ha! #UhhNope RT : Why do I stress bout what 2 wear 2 work when it's radio & no 1 will see me?
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - George Patton
Have a wonderful day just because xo
thanks babe!(;
Yes you too!
'ASTR is so intrepid' -
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
ha, I wish. But I'll take It.
cinnamon cocaine
Game. Set. Match. Thunder Blouses.
It is going to be memorable!
=) Thanks for the follow thats so sweet xo
#hardworkpaysoff & get you closer to
I look up "reckless" on istockphoto and the 1st page is full of pics of pregnant women. Not quite what I meant.
thanks for comin out! :)
#Cod time
Yes, we do have a few more of the Line6 V70s on sale. Can you call me?
The fact that a glass of water next to my window stays cold all night is a very bittersweet victory.
OHH sorry, I don't have one yet but was thinking of uploading some videos so when I do ill subscribe u (:
Marie Osmond was offered the role of Sandy in Grease but turned it down "on moral grounds". Whatever.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW>>>>
Thanks for coming! MT : good morning! had an awesome & inspiring night at exhibition last night.
No surprise, but Jared Sullinger will not return to Ohio St and will enter the #NBA draft.
4 day weekend just started Vegas weather is acting nice today it's sad when hi 90 degree weather feels cold
yep I am :) I've been there before it was fun :))
My three day old daughter just farted on my arm. I may be delusionally tired but i definitely giggled.
To think what might have been for me
RT You guys aren't gonna believe this, but the Microsoft store looks a lot like an Apple store, but with PC and Xbox stuff in it!
“Oomf still bald headed! Girl it's 2012 get yo weave game up booboo!”
#VoicesILove MINE for some reason i just wont stop singing for like a long period of time
best DJ in town
lol :) so what are you up to??
I-9 enforcement near 0 in Bush admin. but over 2k actions in 2011. Jose breaking down the change in the law.
Follow - #AirHollywood's new initiative launching in May!
YEHA BUDDY!!!! SO EXCITED
A man aint who he is,if he has to give false infomation bout wat he got and how he live
i get to go to my grandma's house yay :)
If you are tired of the game, pick up your spirits at Michael's with some delicious pasta and some good music!
haha :) well, this Mahomie is going to bed, although I could talk about austin all night. (: haha. Goodnight !
Oct 14, free for 21+ minors $20 opens for . Doors at 7.
Goals are something I resist because I never follow through.
i dont think i can deal with this much longer :/ but then again it would be a waste of my past 2yrs 9mths and 8days
I love you more!
one of the meaningless and time-consuming things I have to do: write various lengthy self-evaluation reports. sigh.
thought while in line to buy kombucha today they should have punch cards for it and then the cashier said we should have punch cards for it
oh, well poop
"Yes IF" is more powerful
just got done rockin' my heart out with Interpol paul banks, i love you (at least for tonight).
Can't wait! RT #dcdrinkup, I have an incredible story for you. Don't let me forget to tell it. What a day!
roccos was great too. i loved that show. wasnt there a big fat ass cow on there too?
Tonight! , Columbia City, 7pm, $10 - Richie Aldente! Be there!
National Anthem singing each day in #SBVillage! Kelly Taylor starts it off this Friday!
The WRLC Annual Meeting RSVP list is almost full! Sign up now to avoid the waiting list.
You still my hoe though!
Doing the 'scanning and itemizing my business trip expenses' dance.
Lol Brenton Cribrari screamed at the scrawny West boys running outside.
get out! When were you there?
Hello Milwaukee! Brewers last series tonight! And some Monday Night Football!
haha no its pretty cold but i think i have to wait til christmas or something:(
3 away from 400 followers!! Who will be my 400th? Will it be you??? Come follow me...
Don't mess with me when I'm tired and/or hungry.
YES!!! That's it! I always forget him
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 17
had a blast at competition today! came back one more time with first! now we gotta prep for regionals! (:
lol so yes they sound too much alike LMAO my bad
Just saw a QR code on a billboard on 1-75 as I drove by at 80 mph. Yeah, that's effective advertising!
Changing course: headed towards Key West for chopper medical evac. Hope the poor bastard's ok, but also that we get home as scheduled!
Touring a brewery is very thirsty work. Yes, another please.
Just saw a raccoon off lake shore drive. My first non rat/pigeon wildlife in Chicago.
are you home?(:
yes u are. My phone was acting up. Damn u att! Lol
Go blue Yankee's baby
« People B So Anti #FuckEm» YOU!
I tried my best to see things from your point of view, but your point of view is stupid.
The Best Revenge Is Success.
I'm ready for school to be out and for my next three off days!
They should of just gave me end of year , i go back the day before we take exams
How can I Love again?
Coldplay all day tomorrow at the shop. Inspired. LOVE the set too!!
I've been following you,can you follow me
You bet!!
You don't realize how much you hate the hiccups til that ish starts happening.
names for the new biz?
thank god.
Miguel Cabrera or Adrian Gonzalez?
your texting me and asking for pictures when you have a girlfriend? uh i dont think so. guys these days..
I win.
Yea! Jax all the way
Your comments are profound, most insightful thoughts on this case yet.
#BSBlovesyou i think u should follow and please we love u just like u love us. :)
Come Sunday, I honestly might wuss out and drink tea instead.
Miss piggy is always so glam
We just lost 6 followers! What?! Help us to get them back please! <3
But that's ok cus I'll just drink my misery/sins away pool party.
I bet i would be too! But you deserve it girl!!
Watching our boys and gal graduate.
Another beautiful Spring day in Charlottesville VA. It's been unreal but what about the Summer?
MDR!! YESS!! hahaha You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;)
I'm glad everyone at the studio thinks my new best friend (my pillow) is creepy... "/
lol no. More like tan
If you are not in Brayboy then you are in the wrong place. Lady Golden Bulls are in a dog fight against Shaw!
Stupid bitches<<<<<<<
Thanks #aea for the remote time line buzz. Lacked depth of attendance, but plenty of topics to explore. Nice job.
yo I'm about to go to twitter jail doing verses...
Why is my week so poorly schedueled
Join the Honors Club and the TODAY & TOMORROW and help save some lives by donating blood!
ugh yes I figured that. Lol
is there a video for the cVillain report available online?
after today I will never have to tell abby to stop licking, chasing,or biting the kitten. Prim is going to her forever home
Hopefully not! In the middle of a webinar :)
Excuses! Check out south. Or, I'm sure you can find something else local.
Wish I still had enough hair to head-bang. It is not the same without flowing locks.
And yes, I am a "ObamaBot" If you don't like it, there's a little button that says "UnFollow"
LOVE that song! (Might be showing my age some)
Keep Your Soul Records ROCKS!!
thanks for the support!
thank u Kristina!!! :)
of course not, that's why you got out ;)
*blushes* Oh, stop.
A shout out to all professionals in Pgh coming to Savoy tonight, don't forget is there Sept 14 for our event
Seriously, stop.
would love to! How about the director comes on this time, Dustin Stratton?
My mom paid $60 to enter me in a raffle for an iPad. I Already have an iPad....
Anyone still think Jason Garrett should be the head coach of this team? # fire sale
wow you really didn't like Shrew...haven't seen it yet...but hopes are not high.
Fashion was never my bag. Still waiting for my order of snow to arrive... BWAHAAHA
For all we may know this may only be a dream! We come and we go, So love me love me tonight! For all we know!
IIf your mind is filled with worry this morning, the thing you're worried about will be the tool God will use to do something BIG in you.
stop drinking :p
of to pick-up in a fancy way
yess what do you mean???
Went to the grocery store. Bought five items. Girl asks if it's okay to put them all in one bag. Almost said no just to fuck with her.
men think they're slick-we see u checkin out a girls ass and u act all offended n be like" i was lookin at her shoes!" i see u n ur eyes...
STORY OF MY LIFE. RT “: I Hate Feeling Like I'm Not Good Enough.”
The birds are on ESPN this afternoon. Outstanding, I get to watch in Hawaii. Let's Get-R-Done #Orioles and #caps do a number on New York.
thank you!! So excited!!
Im willin to bet i ate more rice last night than any of my followers
RT : I remember when I was passed over for Rookie of the Year. History did not record who won. This is because I shot him.
I miss YOU. I miss your BLANKETS. I miss your BED. Mostly though, I miss YOU. :(
The price of cars parked in the parking lot, will determine the amount your bill will be when you leave the store.
yes! I missed most of it but was able to listen in to the end of the ambitious care routine. I can't wait!
Struggling to walk. Sittin in the car tryin to focus on using my gas/brake pedal.
Try some individual eyelashes to change your look call for an appointment 901 794 0553
I do that too. Or I'll text, "when do you have time to talk" and set a sort of phone call appt.
Thanks for inviting me to speak earlier today on #mobile. Had a great time and met some fantastic people.
Okay, I'll let you know when I get it!
We can break water down into or build it out of hydrogen and oxygen. Yet that doesn't settle the question of identity or constitution.
so you think im a bitch? this is nothing.. yet :)
Damn!!! The Clippers game!
Thanks for the follow ! We're glad you're on the AMLI team!
lol horror be the best ones ctfu but life one of my faves
seriously, my OCC self can't take it
Hey I like your lyrics, wanna fuck?
I bought visual notetaking 101 too but can't figure out how to get the log in for the site...?
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis. ~Beatrice & Ira Freeman
Coming from out of town. I can drive you home though!
I had come into the city carrying life in my eyes amid rumors of death. - Sonia Sanchez
i got a new Twitter Bitchs Lmao.
Live jazz TOMORROW night Deserted streets Hole in wall OLDE TOWNE INN Sweet tea NBA on TV I recommend crab cakes Dateline: Upper Marlboro MD
all of the counties in Ohio that traditionally vote democrate went to Romney
Hi IMAP issue, cannot find server. Yes, I need a housecall.
: "the fun doesn't have to end" because there is another #thatcamp in Austin in June for Liberal Arts colleges
Washing tractors<<<
Wheres everyone @ tonight?? You guys need to get down to Deja Vu Showgirls for our free beer and $75 bottles of Vodka!!! FREE Limo rides!!
Everyone follow >>>>>he is so hot!!!
Noww my phone decides to work. Ive only dropped it 15 times on a hard surface. Other than that, its been dropped on rug. Wens my upgrade? ;(
Filming with the great tonight!
#BlackGirlsRock love it!
Every event is different and we keep making every experience better and better.
You know your nice when u play your Shit in public and random people are asking for mixtapes. We're about to get it.
Studying a primary source for an assignment on the history of France. The first portion is titled "Adam and Eve."
If you take each challenge one step at a time with faith in every footstep your strength and understanding will increase.
My carb cycling is not that drastic an amount & only 2 day low 2 day back to status quo. Nothing like I've done in the past.
Chris are u stil funny? long time no see
Early Spring awakening
Legalese reads like code—another domain-specific language for describing systems of interaction. The rest is exception handling.
"POLICE STATION TOILET STOLEN......Cops have nothing to go on."
when in doubt -->send flowers.
would like to invite to join us after the concert!
Orthodontics sucks.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
at Bisnow breakfast learning how associations build non-dues revenue.
It is a beautiful day in our neighborhood! Take advantage of this early spring weather and visit the DHM this weekend!
Don't you mean Potty Mouth Pett?
i want YOUR Twitter. i'm pretty sure MY Twitter is still in its pajamas and morning breath.
Sitting here Rocking to new hot shit...> What we doing?> Shits RealBizness...
“: The Toyota Tundras are badass” RE FREAKING TWEET
haha your welcome so dude what class are you in ?????
Alfredo Aceves, man of the people Bet Ted Williams never did that. Looks nice in Ft Meyers
Interested in video production? Hit up www.RevolutionArts.net
Good luck Chef Bernard! He's competiting at the RFT's Iron Fork event tomorrow from 6:30-9pm. He is the reigning champ. Bring home a win!
SAN DIEGO
FUCK YOU BITCH JUSTIN BIEBER IS NOT A FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT U ARE
New Farmers Field Images Unveiled
Dinner with the #bff's
I quess looks like its finna be a bhadd weekend.! I have an attitude cuminq on but ima just relax n watch some movies
when i walked away after giving u a final hug, i started crying. i started crying even harder once i left skool grounds....
Hey are we getting excited for the Honors Gala this spring?
Your the one who's always on my mind when u don't text me when you ignore me at school when you act like you hate me... I still want you
Dang I just seen that I got they lyrics wrong smhh.
He will never leave you nor forsake you; do not be afraid, do not be discouraged
hey Massew! :p
The calendar fills fast! Just charter an MKE flight.
OWS Oral histories. Transparent and open. interview release forms created and used for participation and info sharing
"Just look on the bright side…it’ll only get worse!” He snickered as he smacked the toaster... ~ Paul Usher (Subjected: Eye of God)
Family dinner today. Wonder if my dad bought another keg.
Is in Austin without ...this just feels so wrong
ard just hmu when u wanna talk
I love it out there, even if I bitch about it the whole time I'm there lol
Could you imagine how much murder rates would go up if that was the case?
thats why they say save a horse ride a cowboy better fuel economy
I know it's out of your way but Northwind Animal in parkville/Towson is great vet if your looking for other choices
at what point did Ron Paul "fly off the handle"?
Whats so great about the Lens Kiosk? You dont have to leave your frames overnight in order for us to update your perscription. ;-)
love You we can't wait!
Go Girl!
I will ALWAYS have a soft spot for Broken Heart. I hope he does that at the Orlando tour stop
not that I've spoken that language in awhile but I'm coming back
Just had lunch with John Hawkes. Says Austin, Tx is his fav place in the world. Agreed
Mac and cheese at a fast food place? , they must be listening to you!
off and bumped his head. 1 more iconic jumping on the stage vinny fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the ....
Thnx for the s/o! :o)
love ya nugget 💗
Thanks! RT : One argument I have never heard before for traditional publishers is that they offer superior Metadata services
seeing awesome dating violence PSA in "Dirty Dozen" with Teela Watson
If you don't wake up with money or progress on ya mind you are just a waste of energy
I hate it when you write something, then look back 43875 times to make sure nothings misspelled, then once you post it you find a mistake.
your welcome bestie :) whats complicated? Maybe i can help?
Was there, it was. RT Thanksgiving at ford field. Heard the boos at halftime...Must have been the halftime show idk.
Congratulations , , and check your DM for free tickets to
Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents 2 Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. Pease RT
So my lil bro can dunk. . .wtf
i'd be concerned if you weren't on your own level!
Yes I do. I try not to listen to a lot of things because the more I know the more I'm liable for. So I didn't need to know
They have #drawsomething for android!?!
Happy Friday! Kick off your weekend with Beckett’s Happy Hour shenanigans from 4-7pm!
I want to work at a museum telling ppl not to touch shit.
we love you with 21 millions followers we alwys love you
awww i miss u too! Have fun at the strip joint haha
Checking in @ Glee Event @ Television Academy. "Gleeks" Everywhere including my daughter. She is Thrilled to be here as am I!
A2 A prods brand is shared with maker, distributor and customer
Hate being sick....i feel like crying.
#prayers please god, guide me in my life, please help me surrender to you everyday
you guys are dumb
Negative feelings are in you, not in your reality. Reality is just a reflection of these feelings. - Arnaud Saint-Paul
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. -Jack Kinder
RT send me the acapellas and if ya'll mix it to the beat send me that too!
You Could Thank Me Now *Drake's Voice*.
thanks for the backfollow!
Say something cause your driving me crazy
looks mighty fine in her red sweater today. Nothing wrong with a little self-appreciation.
hello beautiful, how are you?
Foxwoods baby. Yeah.
never been on a bi-coastal date before. you figure it out, i'll wear my dancin' shoes.
According to House Hunters, all the black people in the U.S. live in Atlanta.
Thanks for raising your hands and on open peer review participation - others out there?
House OKs $36.5 million to keep #Hornets in New Orleans
I want a best friend. :'(
if RNG goes home im going to destroy everything in site
Gonna watch Avengers tomorrow. Hopefully its not sold out
Including the Brett Favre Pics? #OopsISaidIt!!
First time we're getting our hands dirty with the GoPro HD Hero 2. Stoked to see what we can get out of this little monster!
Hahaha why not??? Sounds like a good time!!!
thx! it was a reminder that i only put minimal background info on LinkedIn. BTW, just now looking at that grant app.
An awesome, articulate writer.
bo. how about you come to Piloxing for a Cure this Saturday at noon then?! :)
Of dogs lEclerc libeRal:-) MiCroFiLm numeRic
Good report from cardiologist this AM. Things steady! Will remain on current meds/dosage. Sleep study canceled. Positive news is uplifting!
Actually, I heard of it ten months ago, but it didn't happen anyway...So...
Man today has been CRAZY!
I wouldn’t have to manage my anger… If people could learn to manage their stupidity.
Ima punch your tarantula face Haha
SUCH a good fight! Cena got KILLED but ended up winning.
u better take me.
It's official - we're writing the sequel to #whyworksucks. Deal signed, writing starting!!
If we played a show in Steger, IL (which is about thirty minutes from Chicago) early summer, who would come see us?!
Derrion stole my headphones
Norman Juster~ You can swim all day in the Sea of Knowledge and still come out completely dry. Most people do.
we played all BB at lunch when I was with when the news came. *sigh* for lots of reasons
Trynna chill" do my own thang
after this goes off All That comes on...man this is making me miss the good shows that I watched growing up!!
Reenos last night >
Great pick up!! Hats off to my phins for finally making a smart decision
very funny babe.. i nearly fell off my dinosaur >=|
so glad to hear it - hope you like it!
Not sure, I don't mind the ads (I don't pay for anything).
At least watching #paint dry isn't as boring as watching grass grow!
Sexy can i pospone my manna girl you shake like ugh youve been hacked hahahaha
We do ship to NJ, the states we don't ship to are listed on our website
aww that sucks girl but I'm sure ull be able to make x factor!
we are in the marketplace in the center of the grounds, just west of the Summerfest store.
About to host a big focus group for my dissertation. Ack! Send me positive thoughts... Or is that positivistic thoughts? Meh! Deep breaths.
“: Hi Ladies ! Where are you in the world ?”. NYC and ITALY right now. Where are you?
Listening to the 18th version of Social Media Ethics at
“: Trash cans. Pittsburgh's tumbleweeds.” Haha Truth.
what evidence
RT New TMED project kick-off today with Community Hospital of Monterey Peninsula, Monterey. Congrats CHOMP & TMED team.
Great M.O..if you only put half in you will only get half back. That's not the way to be ur best.
do we get Troy Williams or is he headed to UNC
other awesome things: grateful storytime Dad brought the YS staff ice-cream, lobster for dinner, I introduced kids to fluffer-nutters.
Wondering if I should upgrade my vista laptop to windows 7...
Well, this trip is manageable. Bulls without D-Rose, Lakers possibly without Bynum, Kings/Blazers. Need 2 at least.
Why? What came out?
A day to myself, the fates have been kind to me!
Not on his nuts Sado...just disputing your original tweet. Go put some salve on your ass and drop the jealous bit.
i retweeted :) i love these band tour diaries! hope theres gonna be more soon :) x
Paul, that is so cool!! Have seen whales from Race Point Beach, but never from the air.
Would JEFF be interested in receiving a design-based donation (website, poster, etc...)? We have serial-killer (#Dexter) fans here!
Er I guess I mean groundhog
Rules to live by - RT : Be well. Be fair. Be fun.
Follow me at and get all the updates on my new pilot and website!
Trying my best to jus fall asleep
When you have someone in your corner who believes in you when others Doubted you..
really digging as main twitter client. clean/light/fast. was on nambu but now glad i can use a custom shortener with YF
I think misses Jane Skinner ;)
ahaha alright i'll try them but if i dont like them :'P your be hearing from me
From what I hear it's just a "black thing"...
Sleepy time for a brother.
Fab local pizza, Robert Altman's M*A*S*H and the lush cherry+licorice+white pepper of an 06 El Molinet (3:1 Tempranillo:Cabernet Sauvignon).
Space is big... I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space. -- Douglas Adams
My mind circles around circles: Do my circles need to overlap with people's circles in my circles to have a circling conversation?
That's how we ended up with lumpy peach pancakes the other week. According to my daughter, they were not a success.
Scream! That is fabulous fun! So proud of & for you Becca Woo Hoo!!!!
The things I see at 95th/dan ryan mcd's. Smh
working on my photos!!
MT : 60% of the weddings performed in US 2008 had no religious ceremony. This isn't about God. It's about protections & rights.
Ignorant people shouldnt have jobs
So does tax free shoppin include online purchases 4 nfl stuff? Cuz if so I'm bout 2 splurge on some ne Cowboys stuff
loving angels and gentlemen so so much! its toally cool if he's australian! hehee <3
NSD, Austins confirmation and Austin getting his train tracks off, could it be a Better day??!!:D
nawwww write in mine ♥
Writing my sermon on faith that I will deliver today..which will be my last requirement for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training program
in #sales, you can't build the roof first (like the books tell you...). you must build from the ground up. Roof is last.
Thanks for the tweet. We're big Uber fans. Stop in next time. Set of posters and expensive Cibo coffee on us.
Let God's Word nourish your body and heal your worries.
I am interested. I tweeted your post :) I have written on rape, race & colonial culture in 19thC S Africa
Made the jumbotron at graduation. I still think it was better being behind the basket when IU beat Michigan State. Go Hoosiers.
So glad I didn't step on him!
Aww lady bug!! Good morning!!
call/text me right quick cuz I have a business question.
I need to get myself a gymnast...those men are jacked!
Thanks for the follow. Interesting posts!
Air Force moves band to Japan, books more shows despite spending cuts
Time for the beach :)
We're offering free content for your blog or website. Direct message us for info.
GREAT. Another photo of me from last night that I'll have to detag. Thanks!
Last time you saw me I was in the blue thing with a supermodel, now I'm in that new thing with a newer model
Great tip from chef and fitness extraordinaire Dave MacDonald.
I wish I could separate the Mozart Requiem Lacrimosa from the Big Lebowski in my mind...
#nike phil knight, u stick w making shoes, we'll stick with protecting children. U see abuse, u #reportabuse til something is done no excuse
where was Stevie going through? lol
Did he Blind Side you with all his "NP" Tweets too?
Was up everyone. How was your day?
OWN YOUR VALUE PEOPLE!! if you don't nobody will....
where at bruh
I will not come at you bro!
dont u hate it when hair products dont do what there suppose to do ? :b
Keeping with the spirit of my last tweet, for the Frenchies out there, we're fighting against "SOPA" not "soap" - so please start using it.
"Your early bird payment gift - A Phillies coffee mug set - will be available for pickup starting Monday, April 2 at CBP?"
LWe change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Yes, but always find time to take in the sights of #ABQ. Need any media relations/communications volunteers?
#3WordsForYou show you care
I miss when Lindsay Lohan was hot....
Looking for an affordable and experienced team of attorneys to represent you in any civil or criminal matter? Call us now! ~ 619.338.9500
I know it's been a while, but congratulations on your marriage.
Great Information Kit-Cat Contest for Dealers Giving Fans of the Popular Clocks a Chance to Ride in 2012 Tournament of Roses® Parade FOU
Successful authors write on a regular basis as a self-disciplined activity.
“: Shout out to and I for getting into Six Flags for free!”// hell yea
can't wait to lav all the male ballet dancers.
Thanks so much, Andrea!
RT Top 3 creative #GoodbyeNetflix tweets win 1yr subscription to Blockbuster <--- This is an excellent use of social media!
I agree. Been slacking.
at the beta convintion
loll. how long youu been up?
can i go back to friday and saturday & relive it over and over?
: Why don't you leave? :o
always stay jammin your music!
obsessed with the bag pipe section in the middle of "Under the Milky Way" by The Church.
That, my friend, is the secret to living.
ha! Thank you sir
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I just wanna be the only girl you love all your life.<3
Excellent! (and true)
#astdrmc-Denison Bill Neale is very action oriented. Denison model will help us determine ROI from employee engagement
And now, the most evidently irrelevant award of the evening.
Who is LATTE' goggle me ;)
I knew you'd be addicted.
If Jacques de Molay had had a better lawyer, we wouldn't fear Friday the 13th!!!!
♥ RT Im having an ugly christmas sweater party. I already have a DJ.. You are all invited.
take me
The count down is on! Mon, 10/4, UNCA will kick off the celebration of 100 years of urban community building in the USA
Thank you so much Lauren. We are honored!
Why do I love compulsively working out all the time?
congratulations!!!!!! Good work.
yep, he gone.
RT Great presentation by at
Come! RT Have a meeting 2day dangerously close to , may have to pop in and see the beauteuous girls and goodies!
Happy belated birthday! Hope you had a smashing one. Excited for all the good things growing in your life!
Be glad to answer that in person if you haven't left yet ...
electronic/dance
thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great Friday
from giving you the most amazing praise......
It feels like 11 o'clock on a Saturday night. The only difference is is that it's Friday night and not even 9:30...
watching The Killers. Totes forgot how hot Ashton Kutcher is
I love all these pics you upload, instigram is the best (:
You should follow He's just a wee little egg still, but there's some good religious & political nuggets in that brain of his.
wait what is going on
What was the name?
So.......we aren't having dinner Friday night? That's a bummer :-p
Love doesn't need reason. Love is a force as real as gravity.
There you go KU
I agree, surprised to not hear any media query mention either. Great overall though.
Wow, i'm really glad when Jesus laid hands2 heal the sick&restore the brokenhearted He was never afraid2 get His hands dirty
Gotta love that mc banter
i think and Chuck Norris should make a Movie Together :D how awsome would that be.. YA AWSOME!!!!
needs to cover ordinary people by john lennon on panio. Such a classy slow song..
because they don't know the rules of the game!
It's probably why I wouldn't want to live on a farm if that's where you're living by
Great short by ! Congrats! Lovely work up on the big screen.
No homo lol
S/O to all the Grandview Seniors graduating today .. Congratulations & I'm proud of yall :))))
How many rappers you think are dropping mixtapes on 4/20?
Online Poker has now been banned by Full Tilt and PokerStars in WA State. Please join and help fight for poker player rights in WA
But how to convey that? I used to tell my students that the American Revolution actually ended in 1814 -- at Waterloo.
I would leave a comment on those last few. But nah!!! You already know.
thank you god for letting my brother off of jail thank you with all my life!
what can we say, we love nerds!
in all honesty Skrillex isn't really house or dub step...but now a lot producers in both fields are influenced by him
Hurricane Katrina, dog fights, unwanted pregnancy, dead mother, alcoholic father, poverty. Bleak but beautifully written - Salvage the Bones
Yall leave my bro alone *revs up chainsaw* RT yo momma got a big head!!!!! *throws coffee mug*
i want to move to maryland and be on F5 anyone care to join me?(:
Man, am I a crappy mood!!
Not sure what we're naming it yet. Maybe "Testing the Rail." We're putting every ounce of energy into it.
alright, i might just do that. Lol
The Budweiser Clydesdale Horses are so upset about St Louis goalie Brian Elliot's performance they have gone on a hunger strike
Is it sad that i almost stared crying cause i love this school so much??
Great interview with on Sportfolio. Sharing the vision.
Just when you thought spring was here ... there is a "freeze warning" in effect for virtually ALL of Ohio tonight ...
This New Year will bring a new way to SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. Looking forward to launching
Awesome! Once the AZ heat hits full force I'm all about traveling & I'm blogging again =) Sorry I'll miss
Oh me too! My cousins in graduating from #UVA! Nate is doing well, thanks for asking, you're too sweet!
The world doesn't revolve around you, have some respect for others.
#amc was awesome and gave me a guest pass in exchange for the hunger games ticker I didn't use last night :-)
The wiz concert was great
as far as i know everybody loves the situation and if you don't love the situation imma make you love the situation
nice. Excited yo hear the New stuff
Everyone go follow my new twitter please! !!
Bam said the lady.
I think I just passed my apush test :)
Happy mothers day momma! I love you! Take a day for yourself! You deserve it!
who’s fat as fuck and going to las vegas in less than a week?
Ahahahah, yup, I got 'fully-grown bull seal' completely out of context. :D /cc
Still out of town guys. It seems like everything is happening this week. Have fun!
Put me in charge of the birthday pinata and one had better believe the outcome is a pinata full of beef jerky & trail mix.
would love to if we lived closer
thanks Chris!
And the gallons of red bull begin to flow...
Thanks, Shannon! We're pretty proud. :)
The only thing he used to be able to beat Tom Brady at was the fact that he had better commercials
We cant wait for the festival
Weezy take those blood pressure jeans off
I don't get it ::shrugs:: I just know that my servers stay locked up, and if I was a baddie I'd go after the servers first
What did your co-worker think Carne Asada is?
Damn my little sister is so grown up.. Time is flying
Travel Picks: Top 10 "ugly" buildings to visit
#FOLLOW our growing #network of #friends Things just get better when you & I are one.
ebook for the moment cutting the rewrit into six equal parts and releasing in volumes print and audio will come eventually
i Hate Homeworks
"It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them." - Duc de la Rochefoucauld
Then, I wrote an email link on (com) to their 'spoof' dept. They emailed back that I had indeed been phished. Thankingme!
- I need some new numbers time fah me tew start socializing!!!!
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! Miss is coming close to reaching the 16 millions followers on twitter! Britney Army
this is like the definitive reports of Russ Grimm as Steelers coach. Or Bradley to Pitt from last year.
Its over. Fake conservative Santorum just took the undecideds.
Not foil. The fire and water feature a raised, high-gloss finish. No foil.
Professor Browder sounds a lot like Adam West... Batman is announcing degrees at #Simmons11!
hey hey hey are you with right now? follow me please:)
Men of NYC- what's with the fedora?? #really??
GO ON FACEBOOK NOW. :O It's very important.
luckyluckylucky! sweden & you? :)
Cool - thanks for the response!
Guys, I have unfortunate news. Teamwork dropped off the Jammin' for Japan show next week. BUT Voted Most Random will fill the empty spot. (:
New supporters are coming in from all over the world - thanks to you!
y'all are funny lol
My day is almost complete...Indy CD & Vinyl. :)
Same here...
Anyone think it would be cool to build your own ring. If I knew how Id build one in my back yard.?
really wish I was on a road trip. Those are always the best.
I'm working on it now thanks!
thank you for following Happy Super Bowl!
For you to sleep well at night, the aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through. Steve Jobs
That sounds like confirmation to me!
There is a car show going on today! If I didn't have to move furniture, I would so be checkin' out those babes!
Heads up. No TWiP today. We'll be back next Tuesday.
Is it just me, or does your iPhone (or other Smart Phone) make life SO MUCH EASIER?!?!?
Spoiler: Indianapolis Colts are going to select Ryan Tannehill just to troll the entire internet.
all done.
Coulda swore I heard a bird barking.
TY for the :)s Have a piece of coffee cake with that
But hey, we're showing those Republicans who the real tough guys are!
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Biggest moment in sports history for anyone in a #23 uniform since MJ did his magic for da Bulls.... WOW
#ThrowBackSong like you- bow wow, ciara.
Three Pinellas Co. Deputies And One Sergeant Fired for "Sustained Charges Of Extreme Loafing and Idling" - no I am not kidding
wanna buy me something & give it to me @ the Atlanta arena concert in 2013 ? I'm in section 115 row L seat 4! ;) xx
please follow me you would make my day thanks
Wrote and submitted a freelance story about Ed Debevic's in Chicago yesterday. Great place! I'll share the link when it goes live.
"I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin."
OK VTech!!! Good game v. Duke. I'm ready for March Madness!
The Sunday Supper menu won't be finalized until late Saturday eve or Sunday morn--can send you details as soon as it's set.
too confusing for you?
l need new txting buddies(:
awesome! I can't wait until September when he comes back. He only did 3 songs in Hollywood and 4 in Pomona but it was worth it.
lol. Its for my son's bed.
Save The Date! Conjunctured 2yr anniversary party is Sat. Aug. 21st. Facebook invite coming soon.
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Kobo Touch in our Twitter competition!
Either work or quit your job Congressmen! Dont double my Rate
it doesn't want to work??
Enjoying the outdoors helps you in be more physically active, it can also benefit you in other ways. Getting sun is good for your health.
Thanks for the follow!
..in bowl (on carne chili-nalleys lol)..couple squirts of mustard on chili..dump cheese on melt it a lil in microwave...YUM!
I love you your amazing please make my night and tweet me it would mean the world to me <33
#ff I know from his days as a back up dancer in Wham! Great paso doble dancer!
when you wake up in the morning and the sun blinds you in the face.
Only 1 hour and 6 minutes until the Big Announcement!! Ahh, I can't wait! So freaking excited!!(: <3
"You can't light a fire under anyone else without feeling some of the heat yourself."
I responded to ya "I love the falling in love feeling tweet" a while ago but didn't push send. That feeling I call drinks 6n7
It's Friday tomorrow! Damn this week gone fast!!!
Looking into Radian6 www.radian6.com for social media monitoring,. will blog with a review after reviewing
They say you shouldn't work harder but work smarter... I say you have to work harder and smarter
Great to see you connected your #kickanotchfamily via twitter!
The old guy on FTN did a mash-up of GOP Primary Flubs. They could do a whole show on Biden. nobama has a back like a ramrod and a big stick.
Wessel outlines key issues for negotiating contracts with publishers for both articles and books.
Got yelled at for taking photos today. What's wrong with a little competitive research?!
Nothing like some fresh brioche!
You know it's going to be a rough day when you can't remember the password to your computer.
Beware because Santa is looking at those pics and saying "naughty, not nice" :)
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there. ~Phillips Brooks
I feel like I am walking into a trap...and I'm gonna die!!!!!!!!
tech should be free for schools....use that cash to pay down the achievement debt owed our students!
FINALLY! I decided not to buy a badass car just to help kick this off.
I just want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep!
Losing an organ is probably the scariest thought I've ever had, but who wouldn't do it for their pops...
I hate haters!
I got some panties to the first Black Eyed Peas album though.
'Chasshole' - new word for cheap asshole.
I dont play games wanna play games go get an xbox. Fuck out my life.
"Movie on the couch night"
:( achey runny stuffy getting
Wishing everyone a successful and prosperous new year!
That play was amazing! Way to go thunder!!!!
EVERYBODY THAT READS THIS TWEET WILL KNOW I LOVE BRIANNA LATRE JONES (KEYS)
Pat rocks !
Be careful what you ask for these days😖
Cheers! L'est not forget that the rooftop will be open and our infamous "Wheel of Cheese" will be spinning for prizes tonight!!
"we're all gonna die ... so lets get high"
they better have a glove and boot warmer booth in the lot
- there's much more room up on the balcony. :)
True, but there are much better informed and eloquent people working those issues.
Back in the office in Chicago after a good week in the Bay Area. Looks like an epic storm is headed this way.
great message! ha! Ready for a new Twitter war? Happy New Year to you and the Newsplexians!!
(Also #protip, never feed the trolls but if you do see them muddying your #amst260 tweet-stream w grossness, block or report them for spam)
Er... lay off. Still not good.
Talk to me about crazytown bananapants
These gals are fightin on Ozone!!!
#TeriHatcher Much love! Sundays won't be the same without you
Happy birthday to my cousin more like sister ! Love u babe
That is usually how I combat this. Sitting still isn't really in my DNA regardless of coffee intake.
well gage rattled off 12 points...today not bad for a 7 yr old. Now we r watching #Cuse ..Love these father n son moments!
*checks time*
Gas prices are high enough, yet they expect people to sit in traffic everywhere. Son of a fucking bitch.
McGlincheys now has vegan hot dogs so I can have cruelty free food poisoning
Sweet, but We Want the Head Honcho position for ...Tell'em President HERMANator is on His way to the White House.
Omg.. I am doin a power point an its so boring uhh
i f***ing missed the westminster kennel club again! time to mark my calendar for next year's :/
RT : Thanks for the shout out! Hope to be in your shoes one day! <<< Aw thanks!
RT : RT : Q3 Have you been able to change your firm’s beliefs about social media? Strategies that work?
Missed it - doh! Was fab, I'm sure!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<33 Follow me Babe
Thunder cheating hard smh
so your probably the cutest person ever.. I love your hair!
Haven't received a Chef Hall of Fame vote from Call 858-634-4410 if you want to be part of Monday's photo shoot!
Welcome to Cleveland. Have a great race.
yea you do that because I need to go and make some progress lol
haha he's still make us do stuff though
I know right? They're slacking on their parent duties..
thanks baby! love you and can't wait to hangout!! :)
egg matzah? who would have thought? turning non-jews into jews here at TS
i feel sorry for people who have dentures
You know when you love your job when you look forward to seeing your kids after break. I sure did miss them!
up early, for a Sat., to take down art installation. thanks Isis-cat for the 5:30AM wake-up "meow!!"s
*yawns* i'm getting tired goodnight goodnight #mahomies sweet dreams :)
I'll have Kip send you another email!
Just book a play date for them, then have at it.
For anyone that lives under a rock, the new and song dropped. And it's epic. Get on it!
Buckets are Back! THURSDAY's
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX.
so uw is the only D1 girls hoops program in wisconsin that matters?
should I take it apart to dry? What do you think?
I wrked twice and hard
..good mornin' family* Let's start the day off with Victory in mind; because the minute you scared to lose; you lost already* …
I only got 3 and they weren't real good. Wasn't much fun.
just helped a client set up a twitter acct and within 5 mins he had 20 porn followers. any way to prevent that? he was not thrilled
Y'all missed the #simpsesh last night! I was on one. A strong one. 👌
Celebrate Mom this weekend w a delicious brunch special at his restaurants
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY BY! I LOVE YOU! HAVE A GOOD DAY <3” thank you :) I love you! <3
Broncos are on the clock with the 31st pick. Who do you think they will pick?
sounds good!
Agree on both accounts. But not that I would hit it, that Brett would.
Yes, many divorce decrees still set rules for lovers to be around the children.
Deep cleaned our apartment today, and it felt so good!
K-Rod?!? More like, "LAME-ROD!" Sorry for the language up there.
They just took the menu away. What's that? I ordered pho with shrimp. :-)
Crayons are a lot like M & M's, all the colors taste the same
SUCKS - a $150 change fee applies to UPGRADE to 1st class on same flight?! Um, I have 2 pay u for the privilege of giving you more $?
Guess I am staying for the spring game.
Many Evacuate in #NewJersey ahead of
Can someone loan me the force choke power?
wifes in a wedding - needs me here - ill see you starting next week - for 2 weeks. get ready
The Washington Post article about is included in today's e-newsletter. Inspiring story - can't wait for it to open!
Two positions to watch at Broncos training camp is cornerback and safety. How many CB's will Denver take into the regular season? Safeties?
Wow! Hey let's do a show about growing up in East Nashville! One hour show a week! Everone would love it! You host!
You mad bro?
Just ate some eggplant without the aid of alcohol or peer pressure. I have no idea what's happened to me.
yea bro n thats the same days
Just watched my boys cat call earl. That shit was fucking hilarious
they kids annoying tf outta me.
: ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Waiting for <3
Have a nice night (:
Yeah, but I think a lot just has to do with familiarity, too. The cats have to teach them boundaries :P
U R different from me ....... so I Listen & intuit certain tings ..... I make sure that it is directed wit a touch of Me & U
HOLY FUDGESICLES! It's blastastically cold outside, and me timbers won't stop shivering!
Whats up Pee-Wee hope all is well my friend just got me a twitter account I m following you follow me take care.
But what good is getting upset and complaining
15 more days!!!! please find away to speed up time!! K, thanks 
hey...so...can we get #levilowrey trending already?
oh oh oh, I would love it. I do LOVE oysters.
lol that was funnnay :) I miss being on your team!
Furthermore, if German Embassy represented, why not Danish? (I would definitely tweet them daily asking if they were having any trouble.)
did catch your name and im ryan bartling
yeah u do live way to far from me :(
I could lie and say that living the single life is fun but *exhales* there's something missing!
Follow and they will follow back!
only YOU have the power to build or destroy your own Reputation
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well
Whos a pothead
it's no wonder yankee games take 5 hrs
my grandfather just die, and I am very sad?!?!? :(
How do you decide what you are comfortable sharing online and what you prefer to keep private? Do you have any online sharing regrets?
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
we had an Awesome show last night with Late nite Run, , and peach and the pilots! we also raised lots of $ 4 charity
I Miss My Brother :((
#Bad Luck
Like in Grand Theft Auto! RT : Bruno's Hardware sounds like a place you go to buy a gun lol
what channel?
Just good taste I guess !! Been a Yanks fan all my life.
Papi and Steroids. Say it aint so.
Ron Paul will probably never be our Commander-in-Chief, but at least he got to play the President in X-Men: The Last Stand.
Happy Birthday!
Just some creepy man stalked me to my car, there wasn't any security there that early.
You can feel the somber mood here in SF. 
I know your proposal had to be a bit more romantic, yes?
it's sad when mark Reynolds is an improvement. He could've made that play at 1st 😲
Savor Albuquerque starts today!! We couldn't be more excited and hope you are too!
Watching tear it up in his first solo class
we're still ironing it out -- and I are trying to work out a co-teaching arrangement.
Thankful && Beyond Blessed That God Allowed Me Too See Another Day!
We're 9th in the world in free reference apps!!!!!!!!!! So cool!!!! Happy New Year everyone!!!!
Time to go & mow our 3 acres of grass-It's only March & I'm mowing already-I need to let it turn into a field & save the time & money
ughh yes! And I want tex to just have one lol
What's stopping you from creating the initial step to making change? (asked by from )
Loved seeing the #YoungLife crew tonight
Rollerblades are never fiyone on a man
phew, read that just in time. I tuned in halfway through the intro. Well done.
McBob's Pub and Grill 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
I'm down
i gotta do something to fix my time clock, stayin up all night and sleepin half the day is not good... lmao!!! =P ->KimBeezy<-
50 miles out from Charlotte, NC.
STEVE BLAKE
Oh, naughty :)
Is the traveling show the same as your Vegas show? I loved u in Vegas and I want my wife to get the full experience
I suspect the day will be largely ignored by the passive in Austin
I said I was starting my diet today but fuck that . This chipotle calling my name !
all arounder! High five'
John! Congrats on making the video! You should tweet mo
So I can wear it as a watch?
Same here... and when I come the ATL, let's make sure to meet in person! Ciao Bella!
wants our project park $ to be used in our community.
Good choice Major.
Some corps are trying to make mentoring part of their culture for both men and women.
Great #edtech interview on TC. is a great company. We'd love 2 show u how our ePortfolio platform showcases users knowledge
<TY for #FF! Have a great weekend!
I'll be Nick Dos Equis.
Ey were finally doing something productive in here, (were watching a movie) XD
is killing it!
Check out for free at sweetbandsapparel.com right now!
Seems like everyone. At least they say it to me :( RT : who says this?!
Feels like somebody is pourin buckets of water outside
+|!!~| COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Kobe is a straight gangsta......can't stand that kat...LOL
Tweet along with our #HSCI presentation. What's your opinion?
follow me everyone
here! will reply to your dm now
oh so you read Baggot's column today too?
Netflix has me addicted to the Dr. Who series but they're missing several key last Tennant episodes. No!!
School. Work. Sleep. "/
Great! I'll be watching for details.
OMG the season finale is already awesome. I can't believe they were in a plane accident!
I want some food.
Entomologists' moms must be very proud of their children's deeply fulfilling and profoundly liberating profession. #sarcasmintended -__-;;
Aw thanks Ness!!! You are to!!! Beautiful actually -smiles big-
eww. rim jobs.
We still need all of you to follow today
Sounds like you only played about 20 games
it's Friday and ain't the beer cold!?! #cheeseface wants a steak dinner
eating goldfish and watching tv and u
is so amazing.<21
you are at the library too?! me too. haha. twins! lol
RT : Ford looks at ROI as keeping people engaged because people sometimes wait 10 years between a purchase with them
clearly the girls that don't know that by now haven't seen the movie.
All knowledges are Consciousness conditioned by perception, emotion or thought.
thank you ♥
Turning in for the evening after an amazing pizza...and yes, I ate the WHOLE THING! Tomorrow I think I will do a 70.3 in Panama
OKAY KIDDIES! Time for bed
Sometimes I don't get all ur tweets so forgive me if I don't reply and knw that it's always appreciated:)
We don't need more whole grain and dairy in our diets.
High School was hell for me. But listen here: It gets better. It really does. "These are the best years of your life" is bull and a lie.
When midnight hit im walking outside butnakked screaming happy birthday 2 me
Thanks so much. We really appreciate the support/interest from our fellow Virginians.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Have safe trip!
Don't forget to Enter To Win the Extreme Summer Make Over!!! Winner will be drawn at the end of the month.. Good Luck!
I'm too goddamn hurry the fuck up
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 49
If your going to and actually know who we are, Erik, Chris, and Lee will be there. Hit us up so we can hang out!!!
I wish I was a mind reader, but I'm not. SO TALK!
Sweet. One of the best times of year. The tomato menu is back. Fried green tomatoes with crab remoulade. Unreal.
who is Nolan ?
25 school days left
On the Miller Ferry on the way over to Put in Bay.
Thanks for following, I do follow back and also tweet back.Have a good evening.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Wishing you the greatest 2012.. In fact I am still enjoying the last 1.5 hours of 2011 here in LA:d
If you don't understand my silence, how would you understand my words?
I know!!! I think I like it though...can't sleep. yes!!! It was pretty amazing tonight. Scott was hilarious!
hahah, so you're team #Forwood then :D
Hey I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe 🎶
help me!
Does ur man ever cook, do the dishes and deal w the kids? It's a really nice feeling :)
OMG im like cryin all bad rite now chachi replied to me... hahah imma die! :p
Excellent Job, Maryland Senate, in passing marriage equality!
Way to have some restraint Kristopher! I know you wanted to crosscheck the hell outta him. That is why:
What are you practicing today on your #guitar?
Feeling stressed? Come in 4 a therapeutic massage to get relaxed and ready for the weekend. Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
Austin is shining TOO much now. I'm all perspiring. ☀
8 more Ibs to go and I'm taking that vab!
Amber IS Back!!! Price is Right Again
Fall for it if you wanna....
Helena friend says Deloitte is advertising in the IR for positions to fill the State contract they won over Northrop. Shady deal.
Tweet something! lol
About to go to play practice. awesomeness all over
Selena -- j lo played her in a TV movie. Her assistant killed her supposedly
I do love ghost stories especially first hand accounts! Can you give me your opinion on my short film? It's on my website
yeah FLA LSU basketball at 6pm...But I know who you WON'T be cheering for. ;)
#1 there are none better
Auby & Preezy keeps it in the "friends zone" lmao
OMFG WERTYHJNDBJS IS THERE A PIC OF ZAYN WITH A KOALA? I WILL DIE AW OMG
I always like helping people out so its no biggie :))
Just touched down in Philly for #PLA2012!
You're not following me, so I wilk tweet you my goal(s). My #1 goal is to meet One Direction.
Don't be fooled. As a salon you do not need a big, expensive flashy website. You need a simply and attractive website that get people 2book
Looks like we have a competitor... Retweet followers so we can get more followers!!
Who needs coffee when you have habanero?
Reality&Truth R Never Popular Concepts!I served in da military&marched in protest against an illegal war while choosing2enlist in medical!
Omfg. You bought the same exact dress that I'm wearing now, haha
Crazy is a good word here.
I need to move some where that warm all the time.
wow, congratulations!
you like getting ripped off by people who are making money off your treatment of your 'disease', not the cure to your 'disease'
have fun
Celebrate God. Sing together—everyone! All you honest hearts, raise the roof! Psalm 32:10-11(the message) -Perfect theme for
Just had an amazing lunch Ko
We got some time in early May! Thoughts?
Imperial Beach today, free samples of pie @ the watermill on 13th and Coronado. LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN.
Go caps go rangers but most importantly go
Start crying !!!! #nuggets win!! Yes baby!
big shoutout to: the entire WGTB exec board for not tweeting anything irrelevant to college radio in 2 days. now time to reset the counter.
Real change comes from having a relationship with Jesus. Everything else is counterfeit.
"Obviously, the best way to display my adorable new manicure is to contort my hand into a hideous monster claw." - Every woman on Tumblr
Where should we go to dinner tonight?
Hurrah, happy New Sock Day to you! Enjoy your new toe socks! :D
straight up it was
New strains just in @ the Farm!! Come check it out!!!
Finals week. I'm going to listen to one song, and one song only.
Ugh. I'm bringing an apron for the presentation, b/c I'm not wearing a tie on a Monday. :P
Serious house cleaning binge. I'm feeling very accomplished!
Aye man who hiring im tryna get my intrepid fixed
you look way too nice to be a casting director! And in fact all the CD's I have met in LA so far are.. I like this.
I think that depends on individual. Can also feel like a battle with yourself and others to get to the joyful parts.
The only thing I trust a girl to drive is a shopping cart.
Seattle, Portland and San Francisco in the next three weeks. I should probably plan.
Hell yeah, thank you. The whole EP is on YouTube and we're recording our full length right now!
Giving my mommy the perfect mother's day gift. Its homemade... but I know she's going to love it... Really can't wait to see her face.
naw its today
Celebrated April/May birthdays with some delicious pie today! Thanks, :)
. Think im right around 20_23 hrs
TUNES AT MONONA TERRACE Wednesday 5:30pm - An Evening with Ole Blue Eyes A Tribute to Frank Sinatra
blue machine is my reason to get up today
what's your name on draw something
Drake Younger is backstage. He and Jacobs have some unfinished business in the ring. He challenges Jacobs to a deathmatch.
RT Big day for BB for state of WI! Lets go #mubb and #Badgers! Don't forget about the !
yeah, that's where a lot of people first heard them. it was great exposure<3
in my bedroom i have and couple events. but not like i was. i was touring thru out the midwest. just focusing on family...
Time for my nightly twit.
Great point. Could they be? Should they be?
Should we start building an arc?
except you :/ lol
Will be interesting to see if FB actually integrates Instagram at all or is just using it to boost perceived stock price.
Does Israel have dance moms?
Two hours fighting Wordpress and I am very clearly reminded why I am making the new library website sans CMS. This is awful.
Yeah on my BIRTHDAY!!!!! So awesome! Only thing better would be meeting them! (Hint,hint)
Of everyone I follow you are by far the most worthwhile.
Too soon?
Shout out to some college faves that came out winners this weekend. Texas Tech, Baylor & OU. LOVE this time of year!! All we need is rain.
Some people said chinese product is cheap quality, I want to tell all of you, that's because of the business owner.
That looks so good that it kinda makes me want to cry.
It is perfectly acceptable to adjust your grocery/food budget during pregnancy, right? Food cravings + the pregnant woman = moolah...
in a really horrid mood....very annoyed....not in the mood for people....
Thanks, the image was hilarious.
Really? Jazz really lol
I wanna fall alseep....but I have to watch my sisters :/
it's a word that describes a person who is strong enough to enjoy life without having to depend on someone else
no problem bro just trying to help :D
Remember, is staffed all hours the Knowledge Center is open. We accept poster printing jobs until 1/2 hour before closing.
well knicks won
I am in a room full of artist Singing along to man in the mirror :-):-):-):-) yes lol
I hear you .. I thought you bought that
I'm aboard the
Recording with Ami Saraiya then swinging old school with Myles Hayes at the Firehouse. 6:30-9:30
i'll never be victim to a #mayo sneak attack. im on guard all times. eating at today, mayo-free zone.
they have to be so tired
"The course of true love never did run smooth." Best of luck with your play!
Friends don't let friends manage the
#OomfNeedsTo stop eating. Dude, ur gonna get fat
The person I'm texting>>>>>>
done with my first final
uh-oh. Raindrops on the laptop, not good. Moving this #amwriting party indoors!
It is good that Mr. Santorum is discussing apocalyptic theology because the last time his party held the White House it was near Armaggedon.
Hopefully we didn't miss anyone.. who else from cast and crew has a Twitter?
Proud of my boy for keeping the Buckeyes together. Your true character as a leader shows up when adversity sets in!!!
Hey hope you have a good night =) could I text you? I'd send you a direct message, but still tryin to figure that out lol
www.pirateradioportland.com on LIVE right now until Midnight pacific time. Play punk drunk-with and
Rehearsal tomorrow (Wednesday 4th) at 8pm. Upcoming events can be found on our website's Shows page.
People need to stop selling onTwitter and shouting their message and start getting more involved in the interests and lives of the people.
Weds night party @ mosaic tonight!
when sixth graders think i wont confront them.
Although I drift more and more to the right with every week that passes, I remain captivated by Pres Obama when he's speaking
presentation in like 20 minutes SO NERVOUS
Just did an ego google search for "Mahmud" and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb profile is one of the top results :D
Billionaire Clive Palmer is going to build a replica titanic and sail it from London to New York
What your favorite Hollywood movie with a wang shot in it? Let us know!
Seattle. It's where we are training my Mke crew leaders this year. Heading down a few days early to wander around tho
amen,you are not alone on that.
cool, sounds good. I will build on that! I hear he's a nice guy. Thanks! :) :)
Giving myself a treat and going to bed before I get sucked into the #bachelorette. Count me in for next week...
When are your YouTube videos gonna be back up on YouTube???(: I'm about to die!”
Thunderstorm! Heating blanket is out. I've got the curtains drawn, sweatpants on, and life feels sexy.
Inspirational story of friendship, cancer and goals. Click blog www.knowledgesafari.com
If parents say, "Never take candy from strangers" then why do we celebrate Halloween?
OLP eDiscovery for Law Firm Leaders in 15 hrs. Short course to learn everything u need to know. www.theolp.org Interactive online.
When are they going to come out with a show about the nursing assistants at nursing homes called "American ass-wipes"
BUT THE NEW CARTOONS ARE GOING TO BE IN 3D!
i'm so excited for you to come to the east coast soon!! :)
Woot woot! RT : Morning Twitterverse. Hands up if you're kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Every man should know how to: Please his woman. Eat It Up, Beat It Up, Satisfy all her wants and needs.
full 1080p hd streaming coming in 2012
#KKTNY I love Kris shaking them up. Keeps them on their toes. Lol.
I am working so not many tweets 2nite but the last game is tied in the 2nd inning, hmph, so glad I'm not watching.
Make your goals specific. If you drink 2 sodas/day, commit to drink 1 soda/day. Make that goal for a few weeks, when it ends make a new one.
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me!
Through out the history of man we have alot to be ashamed of I hope I type the correct we go back to the Spanish Excuisision..
yea but my pinky is to tiny and then I cant walk if I put that on
No Pie. I'm disappointed.
so weird. It doesn't feel like I'll be graduating in a month and one day.
I don't need to cheat! I Gotz me some Mad SKILZ!! (Or whatever it is the kids are saying these days).
Top five undergrad degrees awarded by the College of Engineering last weekend: Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Biomedical, Civil.
what class is that?! Lol
haha thanks! Doing great girl! How about yourself??
Whew! According to our medical records, it is impossible for Dani to get pregnant. Desire, here we come!
Me too. What a wild night. Fading fast, but hope to make it - want to see Biffle in victory lane :)
I didn´t finish my homework for tomorrow EHEHE
I may want to change my passport photo first
I just wanna wake up and have everything be fixed I feel like complete shit
Still 2011 here - treading water fast as we can trying to catch-up.
April is about to be cruel indeed. Much too busy.
i think what is really meant by the solar storm is #SXSW because Austin is getting frenetic !!!
please keep my grandma in your prayers <3
At statewide #bagbill hearing (SB511) Sen. Montgomery wonders why its such a big deal to bring a bag?
If I die at the same time as Brian() we are getting bunk bed coffins.
I have the worst headache 😒
You bet! Have a great week :)
RT : at , doing work! [Go Abby! Love that you're setting a good example.]
Guilty on all charges. Waiting for State's Atty Anita Alvarez to comment.
I'm going to throw out the hypothesis that you are failing miserably at getting it under control.
Check out what #GooglePlus is doing - Google San Francisco Giants and see what it looks like on the Right Column
it is
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness
#dfwama has officially started! we are thrilled to be part of tonight's panel!
Dear essay/book report thing w.e the teacher called you i don't wanna have anything to do with you k!!!
I might have been just over tired and run down the past few days.
RT : Unlike Obama, President Gingrich would NEVER bow to the Saudi King. He's too top heavy to risk leaning forward.
I need some Shena time !
it was so good to see him today! he told me he missed me.:) now going to bed because I've got cramps from hell.:( goodnight!
Oh: I'm really not concerned about what you think or say.
Yup… it got me in. Many thanks!
lmbo...the shit that happens on the spur of the moment!
Back in beantown for celtics game tomorrow night with Tim.
Fuck it's like having 5 Sullis in one group.
Immersed in Christ, we may be sure that our life-yes, that familiar one we are each so well acquainted with-will never stop: Willard
Thanks for your support and the FF mention. I appreciate all the help I can get.
hahha stop being a hater dang.! You been on that hater ish since day one.!
Everyone talks about the great job Walker has been doing. Everyone needs to remember Rebecca and her great work too.
updating lock to daylight savings time, what fun
ikr so did u anser my questions
Our HR department keeps the clip art makers in business.
Rainbow cupcakes . !
good luck in KC Peyton. Hope you regain beast form against every team not named Cleveland.
hell yeah got MT game watching him
“: I think our own ID is in constant flux" couldn't agree more. Often wall off my different audiences/facets online #futrchat”
So happy for you and your success! I remember 'friending' a new artist long ago and look at ya' now! Congrats-well deserved:)
dude i'm pumped, we're gonna have a great friday :)
Watched my Grandma play basketball last night at her old high school, had some delicious Jenkins chicken salad, about to have a massage!
I am really starting to enjoy having weekend nights off. :)
Just remembered I took tomorrow off to relax. Huzzah!
From now on, I will be rating TV characters I hate as a percentage of Joffrey. Theon Grayjoy is still only .25 Joffreys.
oh well im out,, nite yalll
haha he lives in Indy and he like came to my school to work out.
Thank you Talia! Warm wishes XOXO
Justin looks so flawless in the Forbes photoshoot
god save the USA get Reid of liberals and democrats
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't been on twitter in forever... I feel so bad :(
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend. Hope you're doing well.
The lovely folks at just made my day!
whats up ashton? ill give u 1 hint me! lol i love punk'd by the way
The 8 Mile final rap battle: designed to be Derby handicapping music, actually. ... "That's a private school."
is so attractive.
Just bought 15 songs on ITunes... #oops #mybad #addictedtomusic ☺🎶🎵
She's Not A Hater...Makes Her Sound Calculated. She's Just Nutts
This was such a great day! I give thanks to the Creator!
working hard to break 36-hour record as longest bell-ringer in Salvation Army history. He's at Wal-Mart on Old Seward & Dimond.
THIS, 👍, +1, 🌟➤RT #Sponsorship should not a be approached as a transactional mechanism to secure revenue.
saw that , was hesitant to pull the trigger
yeah I think we will get to it. RG I is a cool cat.
Cheers. RT : thanks for the follow and tips. I'll definitely be lookin for MSM posts
first time in nyc where i could picture myself living here.
okay cool. :) then, let's hang out Friday!!
Actually, Peyton HIMSELF says he isn't yet healthy. #FactsStraight 36yr old QBs don't win, historically. I'll cry to that!
Good morning very temprano in the school
Don't take anything for granted either appreciate everything...
