I totally wore a pair to work out today.
I'm already smiling:-)
A simple and beautiful statement: www.apple.com simply states "Steve Jobs 1955-2011."
I have a teacher who would love to start using the tool! Is there someone I can talk to w questions?
just received newsletter and thanks for reminding me to do my self care. I've been tired from pushing but feel can't
check out the Hallenbrick Brewery open mic tomorrow in Albuq, if you're hanging in NM for awhile!
"The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Nice link Ian. Thanks for sharing!
LatinAmericaLoves1Direction :o me too :p Love One direction
parents had their chance to live life & make decisions for themselves...now it's my turn. stop trying to control me .
Glad I get to spend all morning with my little lady on mothers day :)
So who wants Eastern Shore Soft-Shells? Cause we got em- on a sandwich w/ramp remoulade, a slaw of mango and cabbage and salad for $16!!!!
Hungry kids not cute.
nope, shows your organized ... or have OCD lol.
Fuck! Left my glasses home :/
I feel like a geek right now.... Can't wait for the All-Star Game
I Wont Run From You, But You Can Still Be, Bloody Mary!
Thanks for your support!
I love the Milwaukee airport... Live piano player from local college & a used book store!
But failure is not an option.
Bronchitis. Explains a lot, but means I will have relief soon with meds. Watching 2 'twits' w/ opposing hockey play-by-play *smirk*
we're so glad you think so, if you could spread the word that'd be fantastic!
whenever u ready u in da NY ? POOF!!!!
It's true. That little green goat is taking a vacation until next spring.
Awkwardly sitting outside the weight room. Two freshmen sitting across from me playing games on their laptops. :D
it would be a critical error... If need the tag, use it on Wells...
Carlos Pena follow me !!
. Wind Gap rules! Harvest in Oct/Nov @ 13% abv!?
“ You NEVER have to chase what's yours. If you stay in YOUR lane, what's yours will chase YOU!”
Thanks for the klouts Greg!!
Wait, what? Home brewing is illegal in AL? That's hilarious! RT House passes #homebrew bill 44-33.
This weather feels so good,camo shorts and ray bans weather
Also, ads that play on trailers on YouTube. They're already ADS!
Tomorrow is the day!!! 12p-5p BIG bridal event at Sephora Union Square NYC. lots of vendors. Superior makeup artists. Come see me
why would you name your child ingrid. sounds like a type of foot fungus.
Holy cow!! #orioles I'm nervous....
I promise you that life can be beautiful, all I am asking is that you choose life.
Get more people to follow you on #twitter by making sure your ordinary updates are anything but.
Stuart-Paul praised the victims for their service, thanked nearby parish for help. There will be a service here at St. Peter's tonight at 6
The most insecure people ALWAYS try to make other look bad smh sad sad thing.
Happy Birthday Love <3 hope you enjoy :)
yep no problem :)
sure is
I think that everyone knows august rush is my favorite movie. 🎸🎶🎶🎶🎶🎸
My eyebrows?! I don't shape, just clean. Otherwise I'd look like a legit terrorist. They get crazy.
Wife is gettin me a Harley!! The real deal Harley!!
please swing by at #b2bexpo and grab a bite & say hello!
I'm interested in taking the class - your PPC class was solid. Are there still seats available?
I really love your peaches, wanna shake your trees
Thx for being a shining reflection of aldo leopold
morning, punk.
Now listening to Dr. Durie discuss advances in treatment options for multiple
She really a beast wit it doe
thank you! and good night to you!!
Yep! They're trying a little too hard, me thinks.
who's going to go see #frightnight i know i am
I hate it when you're not around. And the fact that you didn't call. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you.
Almost 3500 people have called their Senators to #saveservice. Are you one of them? There's still time to call 1-855-877-3783
I was just thinking the same thing.... Hell what can we make up about other dead celebs to make ourselves a buck.
Good morning
Ha good! : I'm just kidding!(:
Favorite quote of the day- "Guns get as complicated as campaign financing"-
what does wombo my trombo mean
No matter how many times you push the up button for the elevator that I have already pushed, lady, it won't make it come faster.
If we were meant to fly, we had have propellers on our heads or jet engines on our backs.
11:03 in my mile run. oh well
If Twitter breaks tonight, please note, it is probably because I am refreshing my "Marlins" Twitter list every 0.25 seconds
Thanks to and for recent #poetry retweets!
WOW!! The difference in a legal dispute's outcome really does depend in LARGE part on the attorney retained. Get a good attorney!!!!
I would say Miss is super amazing!
i haven't had guests yet on my show, but open to it.
FA ALL WHO DON'T KNO U NEED 2 CK OUT K-RINO'S "GRAND DECEPTION" ON YOUTUBE. 1 OF THE REALIST SONGS EVER!!!! KILLUMINATI!!!! TRUE SHIT!!!!
This girl is making up a song about chips. Original.
Money money money..legit thats what runs this world !
Shoutiut to for being my 1OOO follower!
Cant got to do mine
Yes it's possible. What's your condition based on?
Today I am showing a home to the "Hattfield's" that the "McCoy's" have listed!
When people carry around their car keys because they think it makes them look cool. Just no.
I just suggested "The Hortise and the Tare" to a customer in the children's section. I was testing to see if they were really listening
X) tweet tweet
Fck it got my b my wine getting the jacuzzi nice n hot :)
NBY Hump-Day Destination: Let brighten up this gloomy day & enjoy their late-night happy hour
It feels a lot better walking back to the house knowing that you have done all you can do to prepare. Let's just hope it pays off.
Post your experience at Madison No Fear Dentistry on our facebook page. We'd love to hear from you!
lol So what!! Why do you keep saying that?
Chris Mann singing Josh Grobin: I think I just heard puking in the other room.. Lol
7 days to I'm outta this place
I've always wanted to be a #NBA player, so I could have enough confidence to wear shorts in front of a lot of people.
I can't wait to see the look on my nephew's face when he finds out Unc put his lil toy together.
we have our brand new summer menu that just debuted!
Welcome back! We missed you!
bro send me EVERY slow song youve recorded so far finna start gettin S.W.A.G together
love the phrase "weird library-DRM," from Make public library post
oooohhhhh, nice! Well enjoy your day off, see u Sat!
RT : I had a dream: I was driving a #Fiat in my #DavidBeckham underwear off the deck of a #Battleship w/ a #Coke in my hand
Walk on the plane, listening to usher. Funny when you make eye contact with a pretty girl then one catches you that isn't so much
Let's go jayhawks.
What to do for NYE ?
Responsibility upheld with
Got our releases! 's/McMurray's itsnotyouitsme making the afternoon all loopy.
keep the faith my friend. You never know what will happen. :)
Eating some yummy chicken parm and learning a little more about Twitter's capabilities. How have you started using it? In your business?
In this corner, The Rock's Smack-aroni Salad vs. Chyna's Guacamole.
if everything that Billy Beane does with the A's is wrong, then the opposite would be right. Time to trade Gio and Bailey!
Welcome to the 21st century, Chris :)
"At work / bulky mornings, more layers, remove then as the day warms up."
"I swim three hours a day and now, I'm built like a brick shit house."
I like everything about you, nice smile pretty eyes. i want you to be happy at the same time all i want is to be wit you. You got me trippin
Okay. so maybe I DIDN'T attempt to trip you today. It's not that you SCARE me or anything.. psh.. Im just.. sick..tired. yanno.
I love you and your band, I know you probably won't read this, but I wanted to let you know. <3
More than 50 people, most of them for medical marijuana, urge SD City Council to rescind tough restrictions on pot shops.
Thanks Tay. And yea, there is research to suggest that haha
I think they should wait until June.
“As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other - all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.” Eric Wilson
But also to suffer for his sake. Here it is represented as a privilege to suffer in the cause of the Redeemer-a declaration which may sound…
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Oh okay thanks for letting me know:)
By the outlet mall? Yep that was me. What were you doing there?
Study: Teens getting comprehensive sex ed 60% LESS likely 2 get pregnant/get someone pregnant than teens getting abstinence only/no sex ed.
I love laying in my hammock! I slept in it when my family went camping lol
I once applied for 3 jobs that I thought were made for me & was crushed when I didn't get callbacks, so I know the feeling.
Wyoming and the over in the Dal/N.O. game should both get a look today
RT : Dan Taulapapa McMullin speaks to differences between Asian / PI LGBT issues and how we must continue to collab
Yes. Yes. And some more yes.
My cat likes to play with my extensions, so I kept one blonde and let him keep it. :)
you the man
Dear , when was that Mr. T interview? Amazing.
Why the h are they trying to kill me with these donuts in the lobby as I walk into work?!
That makes sense
follow back. (: xx
I WAS SCREAMIN WELL I CAN'T SCREAM LIKE A GIRL BUT I WAS LIKE SCREAMIN INSIDE AND I WAS JUMPIN KDJHFIUSDFODIF
Thanks Joyce!
I love scheduling out my tweets!
Middle-aged men will NOT STOP pointing out wildlife to me! Whales, baby ducks, one-eyed snakes, etc.
Well said My friend RT : I never make promises that I plan to break. My "word" is something that I seriously value.
At Berwyn now on #22, hordes thinning, normal number of boarders, so am assuming trains are indeed running n of that stop
Need coffee. TGIF
The only boy I see is you <3
Novak discount double check
I Love My Followers , S\O To my New Ones
scanner Monitor: Accident at Hampden and Parker.
i dont know you were telling me about that yesterday :p
Good luck to Sylvester Ritter's Fayetteville State Broncos as they start the season against UNC-Pembroke tomorrow!
Hey Hon, Glad to see you here!
welcome to twitter nation! Gotta get booty major on here now!
I'm hoping for Look, LIfe, and the Saturday Evening Post.
lover's spat in denver between & i side w/ Quinn. he's a Cbus boy, & he'd rather pray in secret (Mt 6:5-6)
this day can not go on for any longer.
The humpty dance. >>>>
Sounds good! Congrats on the interest!!! Will you change the title since it was used in a film recently?
On-line registration for #RITBrickCity closes next Mon, Oct 3rd. Get your tickets now at www.rit.edu/brickcity
I hope the Fox News mole is Shep Smith.
do you misplace your keys, glasses, cell phone, shoes, money, hair accessories & earrings as much as i do?
Lazy day. Time for work :)
7067616416 text me(:
Never say goodbye bc saying goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting -peter pan
tie your shoes bitches. always trippin.
Worst power play ever.
Thanks to & I just got 100% of my wedding stationery for $83!
Someone please tell the landscapers that I still want to be ASLEEP...PLEASE
fix urs Bitch , ugh
So many events I'm tryna hit 2nite...but where do I start???
apparently in the extreme minority for thinking the words of the US Attorney General are more significant than those of a shock jock...
True.. bigger question is whether or not I will make it to the gym tonight. lol
Looking forward to exploring your unique services. Please let me know if we can be of service to you too! ~Linda :o)
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander&#39;s Fall/Winter 2012 Collection Focuses on the Geometric ...
was also called "J-Load" at UK
Can't believe it's been a year. Miss you and love you Nana
She said she goin be eating dicks and apples all summer!!!
Just found out my Boxes were originally Foxes. I even have a FOX who married a SLY. Not kidding! :) TeresaY
stfu I was everywhere all of the time and you were being lame 24/7.
The countdown begins: THREE WEEKS until opening night of FROST NIXON w buy your tix before it sells out!
Wonder why the people that advertise getting 2000 followers on twitter in 24hrs only have 10 followers???
yes please!! What is this party you speak of?!!
All this morning, it shall be English Premier League watching/score-watching. Can United keep City off their back? Can Newcastle get to UCL?
I painted my nails blue last night for the first time since we went to icon:'(
oh ok like jsut by mentioning eachother???
A watched backup never restores.
thanks for following
Interesting concept from Ayurvedic medicine is that there r only 2 diseases--excess & lack--seems true for discontent as well.
Thanks for featuring us on #GivCauseLive #TheGivingNetwork, ! we're looking forward to working together more in the future
teach me how to jerk :D
just pretend there are a dozen little girls hairbrush signing with you. I spent hours singing Gypsys,Tramps &Theives with you in 1971
dad , try and try! Haha lol
So sorry to hear it's been difficult. :(
I'm super excited about my new projects in the works! Next up: Music Video
I hope everyone has enjoyed their Thanksgiving!!!
OKEY. I WAS ABOUT TO ASK THAT TOO.
Thanks for facebooking about #libchat. Now I'm hooked...
always some shit going on in this house i'm not surprised
I like it too! Because my work is closed for part of it ;)
I'm 43. Kids today have more choices than when I grew up. There's more competition for their attention. That's a part of it.
RAY-RAY LIVES!! cc:
hey where are you guys in NYC? YOU SHOULD CME OVER FOR DINNER<3 LOVE AND MISS YALLLLL =(
Wine is fine but whiskeys quicker.
Hah sorry, I meant bicycle. I won the war though "you should've seen the other guy"
i know right!! Haha :)
I'm starting a diet today. Wish me luck :)
I Seriously Appreciate That Ma Dude
Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea
I'm finna finish this cheesecake tho
Anything For you Mother Monster!(:
we got some shit to accomplish !!!!!
Importing a keynote file into powerpoint and it just uglies it up. THANKS MICROSOFT.
Would love to see it after your presentation. Will you post it and let us know? Cheers... Rob
I don't like many network shows. And the ones I do like are usually comedies. But I'm really enjoying Scandal.
Congratulations! Very deserving. When I go back home & make it to a game w/ my daughters I'll try to say hi. I'm so happy for you.
it's 5 and I've been in bed since 1:30 guess its time to give up on my hope to sleep. Watch an episode, then grind and shine
- thank you for the mention!
I heard about this.
Ugh, fine.
Texting you and I ask " How was Yo day" and u say "K" , ....um bye
I'm going in wit a open mind its just a lesson learned # open minded
RT : Amazon USA #1162876 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast $8.57: Sherrie Le Masurier. D......
RIP Davy Jones...The world will miss you. <3
hey thanks for the follow I believe I may have met you guys at warped stl last summer. Would you guys like some shirts?
I actually hadn't hear of #pinterest (shame on me), it looks interesting & fun though!
Today's forecast. Definite - web 2.0 workshop this morning. Hope for - Nova over Pitt tonight.
Legal Studies and Business: I have not yet begun to fight.
Oh captain, oh captain! have you figured anything out yet
Sound advice. RT : Never just walk around with your peener out. It's dangerous. Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
i want those #redbottom spikes (:
When I first watched it I was really put off by the production quality, but it's a really great show once I got used to it.
Manning never had a receiver like DT. He's got a better overall receiving corps than in Indy. Decker better than u think
won't be up for the Newcastle game, will be up for ours and hope we do have something to play for..
:) RT : Congrats, Inspiration Corporation! You guys rock!
You did dat. Luv da song my young brother. You know younger's is following you gotta give dem dat positive real ass shit
thank you all so much for the Follow Fridays!
there's a taser at this party... things are going to get ugly
Is it Saturday yet?
George "Electric" Kottaras!!!! Woo!
:) Thanks so much!
No more kids for me
I think my bestfriend still doesn't believe that I changed my ways, lmao .
When you know it's time, breathe deeply and move toward your fear
A little late on this, but I can now do FaceTime with my iPhone - yay!
I like him too but I am pulling for the underdog! L'ville is definitely the underdog. Barkley says only the Raptors can beat UK
In other news, I just saw some guy on an #infomercial make the juiciest #chicken is under 30 minutes. His parents must be so proud.
Big Fish is a grossly underrated movie
Elated by Roy Dotrice's cameo on tonight's
Well shit, why didn't I fill up my gas tank yesterday
What's your prescription for a sore back? Please share!
far more complicated to let it all pile up! enjoy the sweet tea!
great gig at made wit love today. thx for playing ;)
other people make it so easy (thanks)
yo you got my email right?
The Time Travelers Wife<3
Just saw Beach House in concert. Eat your heart out.
I just realized can run really fast. He high fived Chorizo!
That awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.
For sure. Keep spreading the word about what we're trying to do
But isnt Z a MOT? MT : FB now wants me to add yellow stars to my friends' profiles. You know who else put yellow stars on things?
but you're too busy?
I'm following via shade 45
So more blessed to have the amazing mother I do
Hey Keno, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
Mark Espinoza from encourages 3000 students. "You are our future. Walmart is excited to be a part of #SLS2012 launch."
And while I'm chillin I'm seeing dumb niggas chasing dumb hoes looking for love. If you be patient they'll come but no ones patient anymore.
One hour till Pennsylvania polls close. Did you vote yet?
I'm swellington! :) how are youu?
“: that would be hell” that would be a night mare.
Bad spellers of the world untie!
and why is that? :/
let me see!
That sounds like my absolute worst nightmare. My short answer is yes.
what it bro
Lucia Pinochet swears they found all the $ her father stole
#protopeeps what's up
omg so jealous. I always wanted to be on that show. Congrats dude.
do u know what day?
lol...at least you'll die doing something fun?! you'll be closer to God...look at it that way! ha
“: EAT SOME FUCKING CARBS and get back to me when your brain works again.”
Ragin' Shrimp in Nob Hill is so super delicious and way better than Pappadeaux any day...oh, and way less expensive.
S.I.N.G.L.E =S.orry, I.m N.ot G.iving L.osers [my] E.nergy.Sorry, i made the mistake once. Im waiting for that 'right' one.
Bye everyone
i never go there
“: The #Mariners WIN AGAIN!!! I Love Spring Training!!!” We are excited for baseball season!
Although there are many trial marriages... there is no such thing as a trial child. ~Gail Sheehy
Don't make me smoke up all your Kush, don't make me pop your cheap ass pills.. I use to do this for the thrill
I love Tom Jones! I saw him live at the Celebrity years ago. He is so sexy!
Open!!!! RT : Behind the Music Aaliyah comes on, on Thursday! VH1
"Get your fiddle out of my face freak!"
It's been a damn good day!
Liv, that's just gorgeous!!!
do you want the dirty version/instrumental/acapella dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me"
I thought that was going to be a pic of a Navy laser gun lol!
All about productivity! : can't afford wi-fi in the sky!
It's lunch time. I could go for a slice of pizza from Via Napoli at Epcot right about now. How about you?
Only for the privileged account holders.
"Raibon Radio" reaching out Sydney. Love to have you on! Hit me! Any Wed in April.
I Can Tell You Been Practicinq #Drake !
Where's my punctuation disappearing to?
OCLC survey: 25% of special collections include multiple sites / service locations / departments
You have made me happy. Was gonna give up on twitter but I will stick around for better tomorrows and ppl I may relate to. Thx.
I love when it's Wednesday.! Because it's all downhill from here.
five women performing on stage... Very manly - enjoy the show
Video: Ray J's Brother Reacts To The Fight With Fabolous! "I Believe Fab More Than My Own Brother" & Thinks Its Drugs Gettin 2 Him [Audio]
had the best day with you.
just found out Brett has a basketball tourney this weekend. starts Friday night....love the advance notice- glad I did not have big plans!
just fell off my bed.
#news The silent movie The Artist wins at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards
Like Us on facebook too and check out our Marijuana Tees and some amazing #420 art
It is! RT : Is this going to be a recurring column?
A large group attending SD environmental mayoral debate on Earth Day tomorrow. Wondering who understands SD h2o issues.
im pregnant, its yours.
But don't tell me you liked "Angles."
Im free on saturday hit me up 414-581-1818 and ill let u know a time RT when can we meet up n discuss business
Im surprised Allstate hasn
Can't forget Cupid. Of course. Pssst. This one's a hot date. I smell a connection.
ill b ya slave lol
"I am beyond high, I am lifted..."
All the Madonna haters need to chillax. Madonna deserved to win last night her film is brilliant! What do you expect????
Pure gold.
Any logo artist hit me up i need a new logo ASAP!!!!!!
great meeting you tonight :)
Youre not a shooter, why yhe hell you taking shots homie?
Ms Jeske, you are so fabulous. You know that, right?
Looking for a Columbus, OH area tech writer to create troubleshooting guides for field service techs. Call 1.847.631.1299 or
the problem with moving into an office but not taking over the former occupant's position is you get calls for said person. all. the. time.
Is it too late to do the tutorial? I had a feeling I may have waited too long
YAY NOW YOU ARE:$ LOVE YOU SEXY;) -KEN
it's gonna be too much fun!
Tragic. the assistant that was killed had just gotten married and had a new baby.
Congrats UL, welcome to the Final 4
#WorstRapLineEver um all of them.
8flavaz is bad ass girl group
you both look so cute together
not yet, but it takes a while. Working full time and trying to launch a business is very hard. I'm just moving forward ...
you'll be the first PR I call. You'll be my Ari Gold.
“: Hello LA. U r pretty” // Welcome back!!
no. Tijuan had them. He gave them to me tonight.
yeah for sure! Love pingbacks
let's just go saturday
I heard that its a psychological thing, cows do it to each other when they are in heat, farmers know when to "service" them
At Luche Libre in Latin Quarter. Can't tell if this place is cool or a swinger's bar...or both?
That's some Beetlejuice type stuff right there.
I know why you love Kendrick, but does that same analysis apply to Aybar? Can't he be Andrus 10 rounds later?
Ready for inspiration at #socialgood in NYC. Today's line up is Ted Turner, founder of idealist Ami Dar, Do Something, USAID, and UNF.
RT : aren't they great? Need to get a fresh pedi so I can rock them!
asks "Aren't you showered with poorly written works?" Joseph Sanchez responds "Yup...you don't "buy" it"
what happened? :(
Big congrats to and the entire team at The War Room TV. Job well done on a great debut last night.
MY LIL BRO SAID HE WOULDN'T WEAR ROBIN JEANS
Can I be your bestie!!!!:D
RT : YO will be performing TONIGHT at Bengals & Bandits on Highland & Chimes for 10pm SEE YOU THERE!
But... Wisconsin was awesome too. Because I was there :P <3 You guys rockk
Good god how many commercials are they going to show.
Andy Lee has is not championship caliber, Sergio would decimate him. too bad, not catching UFC PPV instead
checking out the #rallyforsanity on the tube.
Back in the W's with a 4-1 slate but most importantly a 1-0 conference record. Rams are blessed to be 56-1 at home in the last 3 years !
so true!! hope you are doing great! Been a long time-since we did the broadcasts in Greece for Olympics!! What a blast!
I use to give a fuck I've literally given up, My mama raised 2 sons not a jerk nor a Duck!!-YGeeDot- #underdawg mixtape On the Way!
AW SUCK IT UP SOLDIER LMAOOO
Hey RB - hope you're doing well.Thanks a bunch for RT'ing that anchor drag video! Narcosis Dive Charters & Capt Van are the best.
bodied midwest miles, give it up for miles he had sum bars as usual but at the end of the day BODY BAG
WTH #Facebook, clicking on a ticker status launches a #Huffpo tab in #chrome?
u wearing cotton or lace? I wear lace and im always comfortable
Figured but thought i would ask! :)
bartinis VIP tomorrow around 11 pm. Feel free to join
Free sneak peek tonight! first 10 peeps to put names on the list get in free to our come back show Nov 28th & a FREE copy of the new single
Fuck you, text message I just recieved.
Thx for all your support. Will I see you again this Sunday at Crocker park? 1000 kids succeeding is unforgettable. :)
I agree!
Kevin Love putting up NBA Jams #'s!
Haha thanks girl :)
hey weasel u need to come to del rio tx. Small town we need some laughs u can stay at my place. We got chickens orig and chrispy
I PUT MY SHADES ON N JUS BLOW DA SMOKE OUT....LOUD PACK SHAWTY...SWEAAR YU CANT TOUCH ME!!!....#(BLUNTBLOWIN)
breaking sports: Former NFL Patriots star Junior Seau is dead of apparent suicide.
Check out our website Link: www.elenacollectionusa.com
when will you come back to Philippines??????!!!!
Congrats Thor! What a ride!
Good Morning!!!
And I got charged with the 2 cases about 10 months ago
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John Wooden
27- just followed! :) i LOVE your icon and your website rocks!!! ♥
Aww, thanks. It's a good cut I think.
at least that's only a semester away!
Also like the "this is my director's cut" comments, because Ridley Scott has *never* released a Director's Cut on DVD.
Self-employed mommas rock!
Your dog looks concerned to lol! RT : New avi.
RT : I will be on CNBC's tonight with at the 7pm ET hour. Please tune in!
U didn't walk her to the door did you lol
I'm so glad won the x-factor. I can't wait to get her album!
strictly for live men not fresh men
All that research in Las Vegas will now pay off!
": White parents sayings: "Good morning, time for school" ...Black parents sayings: Getcha ass up, don't miss that bus!" Lmao
When I did, it was Fisher. And if I still did still would be her
& also I want to salute the homie for his role as camera op for the Diamond - Loose Screws Video
thanks for the mention. Claire does awesome work :-)
happy wednesday carol
This weekend ONLY...Get an additional 10% off your whole purchase in our walk in store by mentioning that you seen us on Twitter.
we out there
Congrats to Kentucky for sticking to their strategy of having physically dominant players at every position
unsure to what extent observing/acting in 0-sum games moves us away from the currency of test scores, $
“The future started yesterday, and we’re already late.” - John Legend
thank you :-)
Its 1:06 am && I have school in a few hours :( Goidnight
Just ate a flower for 10 bucks!
BW3 s is over rated!
I'm finding SXSW tweets particularly annoying this year for some reason.
Ahh, you're in VA... knew you were on the east cost. Yep, gloomy. And a Monday. That's just not right.
you sound like you should be riding a horse in Texas smoking a Marb Red
if you go down the street a bit and turn around, she is standing up
I'm working the desk right now in the Business dept. Stop by & I'll hook ya up w/the best spots to work!
Are we newly popular? Five inquiries in 24 hours via our contact form; usually it's ~1 per week. (Hello again, world!)
Thx for the #mention Thx for the #follow Please follow my friend - they
i sure do.
I'm not prepared for work today 😪
I so not feeling school tomorrow
So i listened to your one song and i love it!!!! you are very talented! =)
Apparently the date 4/20 has no significance whatsoever. Because, you know, there is no 420 North American area code.
shopping problems
Definitely best as a team...
Wow, you are not lying! That was awful!
Smashing Pumpkins show last night was awesome!! Wish they had played more of their hits though...too many B songs. Overall, the show rocked
It's been a good weekend.
Just saw a Vending Machine with Yes I Accept Credit Cards And Debit.... Wth...
Dreaming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Working on Switchvox integration with Google Analytics for website conversion to phone call tracking.
sorry to burst ur fetus but that hunk doesn't Follow me so that is nearly impossible
think she left me up by myself
Man, that chicken sandwich was so good! #abq #nottoosoon #tweetsfromlastlunch - Sarah K.
Feeling some way .
right...I swear!!!
Hmm, I don't know about that. She's gonna be Prime Minister of Japan. :P
I know how you feel. I watched CNN w/ Anderson Cooper 6 months ago, & haven't turned the TV on since.
Some parents put chocolate in the milk to get kids to drink it...we use coffee.
YG IS COMING FRESH OFF OF HIS PATTY CAKE TOUR AND HITTING SEATTLE PERFORMING "TOOT IT AND BOOT IT" brought 2 you by
taking 18 people to the temple tomorrow. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord God, who is mighty to save all who come to Him.
Oh, you know. Plus ça change.
Glad to hear it! I do miss London, weather included. You'll have to plan SD into your next roadtrip. Best wishes for book 2!
Heading into work #scratchthat going fishing stay tuned for pics of the largest fishies ever...
'sup brethren!
Wow. Great article. :) And very nice photos of your journey. :)
Its funny how people change throught out the years ..
I want a nice cute trade dude to fuck! Thatll be awesome!
Thanks Chris! Hey do you want to head up our Tweet Team for the Campaign?
This month marks the 12th anniversary of the Arts Trust license plate joining the special group license plate market in Indiana. I <3 mine!
the sick new full video from FLOW. Scotty Lago rips shit up with the whole team on this one.
Re-tweeting is only for queers. That being said. Re-tweet this if you're a man that's not attracted to other men.
I'm not a joiner, but even I would join the artist-at-large community ... if I didn't already own it, I gues ...
DIG THIS: a heavy equipment playground for adults! 888-344-8447 call for rates & directions in the central west. Sounds fun!!
Why is Chris Webber callin this game? Doesnt TNT kno he always choked in the playoffs? At least he cant try & call a TO from the scorers tbl
Sorry. Was RT : FYI...that twitter page does not exist
lol just made my night thanks ✗O✗O
Yo, , can't wait to party with you at #PXYSJ on 6/12!
when you see your old messages with him and start crying <<<<
Nope, I don't know what this pattern is, There's green black dots on white.
Almost. I did yell at it as it was trying to head back into the building.
you got the password to the school wifi ?
Steven Slater is my hero! LMAO talk about a grand exit! What a way to quit a job. Classic!!!! LMAO
SINGLE and LOOKING for my edward!!!! RT Please i need everyone's help :)
Lifes a gift :)
Thanks for the mention!
Thx for ur app! RT Just applied for office manager position at Fingers crossed! I want to work in a SA office again!
"There's too many fat asses out there." - Charles Barkely is a damn fool. 😂
Every day is like a blank canvas waiting to be filled.
Registered already for the doubles tourney!!
Also ran into a dude at the gym that randomly walked up to me and asked, "Hey bro - can you hook me up with some juice or blow." Wow.
Time for the #marchforbabies Post Walk Celebration in Victory Village!
i really can not wait to be 16... or 18.
Hi Jacob i'm your biggest fan, i love u very much-Alex
JazzShow Matt Riley Electric Bass - today Bocci's Cellar 150 Encinal Street Santa Cruz.Full bar/Kitchen/Good Food. CUThere www.mattriley.net
And yes I'm a teensy bit jealous. But I'll still have clean clothes and the ability to hear. And not just that ringing sound.
MOVIE TRAILER: “Bourne Legacy” – Starring Jeremy Renner -
im scared bro no mames
let's finish the weekend right!!
aw we might be able to arrange that as long as joe gets his studying done lol
lmao dude harsh
thanks! We've given people like 12 chances to see us this summer, but many never did. Now we're going to take a break from shows.
Who can live tweet #aaasci ??
So many superbowl parties,today go Giants 35/14
We'll take great care of ya! Again. Glad you're back! a
rumors are that Aruspex will announce a strategic partnership with a major research institute next week. be on the lookout for pr release
go man go
Well I just don't know what to think about today.
re:hospital bag, all I can rmber is glasses, lip balm, socks (for chilly feet). Took soothing CD's, but didn't even hear them.
Ah! I love that feeling when I wash my face.
Got seven messages 1st block they were all from twitter.. I seriously have no friends
Also a fan of [Gwadway] Nattinas Bank (that'd be local bank "Broadway National"). We're not sure about Gwadway, but Nattinas, YES.
I need Starbucks fix too, I have been good though, I've steered away from syrups. Running on regular now. Fondest Regards
I already have one , sorry :/
#ToolBank Enjoying the ToolBank Summit Dinner. Nick Costides, our Board President, delivered an inspiring talk. ToolBank.org
Awesome, doooooode thanks.. Have a great weekend!
Whale whale whale what do we have here?
Thanks! I've had that icon since I started on twitter and you are the first person to recognize it. Makes it all worthwhile
Gooodnigght This Time <3 Don't Let Those Tweets Bite Yall : ) [PAUSEE)) That Sounded Corny -.-
Rep. Norm Dicks, D-Wash., announces his retirement.
sure Reagan was good in our lifetime, but is mediocre if you compare him to say Jefferson.
Grace....going to need a lot to do.
Trying not to crack up on the platform. :)
[Campus Bulletin] It'll all be over soon. Just let it happen. Eventually you won't even feel the pain anymore.
Now you wanna talk about serenity??? After you had tits as your avi?!?! Yupp... #Serenity ^_^ RT SERENITY!!!
Thanks for sharing - did you go to the Ulta opening?
Happy Mother's Day from all of us
Though I understand the Church's power in persecution,I see secularism as a great opportunity for the Church to grow & be strong
:) RT : Happy mothers day moms (Pets count in my book)! I love you
is gonna love my new username ..
Said the guy who bought it for me
Yes! RT I like vision of school as life-long learning community for all - students, tchrs + parents
sweet thanks 
LMAO! Best way to start the Spurs game...watching the Mavericks get swept! Hahaha! Goodbye losers!!
Hoping everyone is staying cool in the States! Sending breezes to all chilling in the Sun! Everyone have a awesome day!
lawlz... Introducktion was such a joke. I got sick and barely went to any of it.
say hi to chuck for me. Am so glad its u and not me.
how about them giants baby xoxoxo
wouldnt this be a unilateral move? What would be the benefit to Q?
Sublime is so chill.
Omg CeeLo's shirt... "No Problems" - Amazing.
community classes and fun things all weekend! Starting Thursday! :)
Good Morning...swing by today and say hello to your fellow Farmers!
I want my life to resemble your music video for Oblivion.
#Parenthood never fails to make me cry. #NBC cannot cancel (I like to cry)
Love love love that pic of you and Mr L . . .xx
Plan Beats Crew has been offered a residency at Automatic Slims 1216 Washington Ave 11-2am every wednesday w DJ Selfborn, starting this ...
RT : FOOD TIP # 4: If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float.
you tell me lol
#FridayFightAgainst Cancer!!! Praying for my aunt Kathy
god meeting :)
I have no internet connection at the moment. Can email info in about 3 hours please?
My road to recovery is paved in Jimmy John's and Gatorade.
Thanks! I'll keep the spirit of the dogcowrobot alive. :)
my hair always down lol . RT i want you on top, so let ya hair down.....
I can't figure out what I'm missing.
And the rosary beads count them 1, 2, 3!!! Fell apart as they hit the floor..
Mac Mini or iPad - which do you think I should get?
I wanna and go heads up. Who do you think would win?
I need more boo's
Count me in!
Why do people act like friends, but talk so much crap?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jordyn Adams ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Beaumont, TX ⁰Travel Team: Southeast Texas Elitte ⁰Point Guard 5’5
I only drank like once. And only got buzzed. :p
so since im go be spending majority of the summer here in Little Rock , who am I going too fck with ???
Another great prize! RT : Get ready for a chance to win a #WarmBellies Prize from !
good night world..
Thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a singer, let me know.
Why am I voting for Barack? Because if its not #Barack, don't fix it.
sorry Mr. Miyagi is a Packer fan... sadly also dead.
you don't think that dischargability in bankruptcy has any effect on that statistic?
We will be launching private beta of DealAngel next week. Let me know if you want an invite! :)
ah ha! thx. i can tell you are so happy. enjoy!!
Really liking this dude! Really liking!
I hate British women filmmakers. They are all so wonderful. Just watched We Need To Talk About Kevin.Well written and executed.
yup..it's time I do..been married 19yrs long time..married young,but hes just not the same man and I hate who he is now
Okay so the best part of easter so far? Pastor Dave "conducting" the choir in rehearsal and the Hallelujah Chorus!
Tremendous things happen to the believer. ~NVP
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
When I hear the recorded Metra announcement " . . . add your eyes and ears to those of our own," I mentally copyedit.
i wonder if earworms are part of your subconscious?? and what the meaning behind having a song stuck in your head the whole day is?
Glad to have on the team. Let's get to it!
Come see whats happened in the 'Burgh since you've been gone! Brew your own beer in Greenfield! Seriously. Come brew with us!!!
I'm sleepy. But, still have ONE more paper to write, before tomorrow. :( BO!
hey beautiful! I love u
ya popped up in mah feed but I not sure! I sing in !!
I pray for Discernment & Wisdom daily! No time for setbacks in this season...
It's definitely common sense, but that doesn't mean there aren't best practices!
Raging Bull 2?! What in the hell is happening in Hollywood?
Great to follow you! do you ever use ecommerce systems for any of your clients? we'd love to connect.
Sounds great to me! Plenty of antioxidents which I should probably focus on now that I'm 21! ;)
Can't wait til Season 2
smokin by the gram
no, we're filming in Oklahoma.
To double your income, triple your rate of learning.
Karaoke tonight with Milwaukee's very own Spinn Doctors! $2 PBR Tall Boys and NO COVER. Singers and especially non-singers welcome!
On social sites: access to content does not mean access to meaning. From
A student tells the board how important it is to keep FLES and how teachers have not been allowed to let parents know of the cuts.
thank you! our seasonal greenmarket preserves are pretty delicious, but so is our peanut butter!
out with the old and in with the new
“: Co-Sign. “: ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS. SPREAD THE WORD.””
Still grinding.
#thingsihate tan lines
u wanna go to the camp?
Show me where you piss from
your day?! hahah hello! ;D
Blues on the dog house last night. Blues on the porkchop today. Food for the soul.
sometimes I set my intention to be patient with my yoga instructor so that when they fuck up my flow I don't want to strangle them
#SaySomethin is on replay right now. (:
A lot of talk about memories. New ones being made tonight
Weird. Ours seems to work . . .
Can't play tomorrow but gon be there anyway
Disturbing Child Abuse And Riefenstahl-Imagery - Black Star News
You're more likely to get struck by lightning twice than see a bad film with Daniel Day-Louis in it
I guess I lost your number #embar lol I'm on my way!!
Are you really bringin your bebe ass kids out to the alley right now?
too far away. Maybe they will save it until August 1?! I'm a very loyal customer, if in the country.
Sounds interesting. Also: good fodder for a convention talk.
All your #Belmont preview in 1 place www.ussportspages.com
nop am single and am gonna stay that way
I hate that girl you love so much... #Selfish?
My ice cream was already opened... #smh giant
wow. Butchered that last tweet. Nice and cold honey roasted peanuts*
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Diggy. ♡
It sure is a beautiful day in LA today.... A great day to get a big iced coffee and take a walk along the beach
Single, and going to keep it this way for awhile. :).oKToBerFeST.(:
Please ignore. Testing client.
time for work :)
My CW regularly asks for direction and then consistently doesn't follow the instructions... People who are not detail oriented frustrate me.
well maybe I'll get to see patty play then! On the ground in Portland. Thankful.
almost certainly we'll be at bar
Follow back?:)
we're open for another half hour here at Lucky Lab. You can also check in tomorrow. Signed up tons of new Bike Club members today! Yippee!
man i havent talk to all day.
It'd be nice if lemson could win one game in a tournament.
where u be, Chickadee??
To celebrate there 10,000 pedal, Moog has $50 rebates on any purchase of a new moogerfooger pedal through 12/31!
Shorter : food snobbery isn't about food, but this book is. (haven't read it yet)
Starting the Special K diet on Wednesday! Trying to go from 123 to 115! I love food too much so I'll need y'all to wish me luck!
Blah blah blah ur a bully and a huge hypocrite !!! Funny ass hoe
#sllconf: at last a full day to dive deeper into 's build/measure/learn loop
: #ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs boobs lane!
Dont think about it, be about it .
Another vid with coming soon.
stay strong i still believe in you as our quarterback buddy
often when I go shopping I wish I were more like Joe Strummer after all.
exploring your house and finding lost treasures is some good shit
Did I ever mention I really hate waiting a week between TVD epidsodes... With that being said.. TONIGHT is gonna be INTENSE!!
spend an afternoon in Parc Guell. Have coffee by the arc de triomf. Eat paella & tortilla de patatas. Drink estrella damm.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S. Bloody Brunch River Cruise? Because oh yeah....that's happening! www.bloodybrunch.com YIPEEEEES!
Invest knowledge to those who are worthy
Start of my clothing line is official! CANNA-WEAR. Hoodies & T-Shirts available 4 ordering. Pics on my F.B page.
need a cms for web site?
Lets go Pens via worcesterma
Thanks for braving the storm last night!
Guess gets “: Does get what wants? Michael Floyd is available. #Cardinals”
I do not feel like goin to work, but I do feel like makin money
Nice RT : Can't we just go skiing already and stopping sharing about it?
NFL: Owners OK review on turnovers, OT tweak All turnovers will be reviewed from the booth with no coaches' challenges needed and overti
"ASK FOR FORGIVENESS!" oh adelelele's mom ;)
It appears that's who is behind it. They are planning to "liberate" abandoned buildings. Hm.
Can't wait to see today! (:
I hope Spain wins today, because I don't like Germany and I want someone new to win the World Cup.
cool. We have a threesome so far. One more to go
very nice
#CodyOnEllenAgain please? you, me and could totally hang out together!
Unfortunately and I'm pretty sure that's the weekend of prom! I'm sorry I wish I was):
It feelz like itz been centuries since I've watched basketball I've missed like a month of games...and missed highlights so I'm kinda lost
Ms. LegendtinaAguilera is the best ever <3
#cantmesswit ppl who's #notafan of smoking bud unless u have a six figure job
Hey there! Love to send you guys to taste. Just DM me your mailing address – Thks!
It's the groovebox.
It does take such an effort, but what's more important, really? Making breads w/ almond/coconut flour. Lots of protein & veggies.
You have to follow me so I can send you a message
Shocking performance by the ref in this Chelsea match. Ignored blatant foul by Essien, then miss obvious offside call on Chelsea "goal"
i brought it 3 times on iTunes and I have a CD. Follow me please?
BO!!!! You would have been a great fit on #teamadam. I still will love you :) Rep the four stars!
Got the hiccups. I feel like my heart is gonna pop out of my chest -_-
When white people call other white people "niggas" <<<<<
To be perfectly honest, I think they invented Blue Cheese Dressing from Black Beards toe jam.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten...how Republican State Sen. Alberta Darling spent this Democratic primary Election Day.
Hey there is no need for a new album every single time I upload a video to facebook... could you please fix this?
White tiger urs?
What color is your nail polish??
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore. Please provide taxi color or cab number. Thanks Baltimore TService
I gotta stop pretending to be a drunk Greek guy
Happy Friday everyone! Have a great weekend and stay warm :)
RT : So glad our fearless leader is on her way back to OKC with a new hip! Prayers for Masie's continuing recovery
How women mark their territory :: filling his top dresser drawer with her things ☺😍
Although I surprised the catcher a bit...
Thank you. I hope you do the same.
heyy jaden i was wandering it is my friend (ellie charlton)'s Birthday And I was Wandering if u can Plz
This -> RT : You HAVE TO FOLLOW Very humorous, enjoyable and clever guy. Great talk, very entertaining.
Good to know that another band called The Puffins is squatting on , has 5 tweets and references cocaine 40% of the time
he's just bein a thug yaannoo
hopefully ur comedy makes me laugh as much as ur game!
Make sure to charge all of your electronic devices today for optimum live tweeting from the #halsteadannual meeting!
We all agree its time for drinks
Thanks for the blog mention!
My mutha wouldn't let me leave until I ate...now I reek of sausage n' peppas.
You are awesome! Thanks again.
I got up and out so I'm headed your way
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
I once ripped the fins off a shark using my bear hands which I ripped off a bear with my BARE HANDS.
I wish Wayne Simmonds would run face-first into a freight train
Hope you have a great vacation Cindy, bring back some summer weather for us will you?? :)
I fucking love my Ringlets. They keep my TL sports-free, my mentions jumping like CRAZY, & RT/starfuck the shit outta me :)
Tiara: "stop clapping so loud!! We not in church !!" lmao her & aleecya
i know right!!! i love this weather!!!!! :)
Hahaha! Dave Scott on is hilarious! That was probably the funniest thing I've seen in a while!!
Kobe so mf crucial with this shit!!!
let's meetup Saturday morning. 11am panel about story+library
Pretty sure I have the most amazing woman Love u
don't let it stress u! u probs already got ur money's worth :)
thank you.
Watchn the Heat vs Knicks game
congratulations , so proud to have been part of the team!!
I saw you on my way out... Weird
Ooh--interesting. Have you seen the conversation spelled out in a more nuanced way elsewhere? (Links?) I'd love to read.
honestly, it's high time for some new friends.
saying the next Sophie book to come out in January.... what a wonderful belated Christmas present!
wow, time flies! Any plans to celebrate your last day?
Bottom of the 13th.
so many mosquitoes in my room, it's not even funny. I swear, if I wake up and I have even as little as ONE bite, imma slap someone.....
Are you having a #Austream today!? :]
i want to be fair though. he would never have a chance at winning mariokart!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're dumb as a bag of bricks.
I've reached the point where drinking bad wine/coffee/beer just isn't worth it.
applying ice to my own injuries tonight...hey, if you dish it out, you gotta be able to take it too.
that's awesome to hear! We've had some changes around here since you've been gone.. Including a new twitter handle!
that's. Hilarious. Thanks for the reminder.
likewise lovely lady.. so grateful for all that you do..enjoy this wonderful day:):)
If you're gonna act like you're single.. DON'T be in a relationship.
i get my stitches off today but my cast is on for 2 more weeks :/
As much as I like ATTACK THE BLOCK I really wanted horrible things to happen to those boys for their behavior at the beginning of the movie.
did it come out? I didn't see it
you and your tweets! Lol.(:
I got a headache.... I need my medicine!
words of wisdom, thank you for enlightening me on the ways of fuck giving. it has been added to my terminology now!
When you notice that the girl who sits infront of you and always takes notes on her damn iPad now has a HUGE crack across the screen.
well that's good :))
I'm ready for the second now.
Pretty sroked about the nice weekends but c'mon. Let's get this Summer weekday thing on track.
So kewl brah “: smoking weed ~ :D”
Im doing hair
Movie is deep
Best cookie I've ever eaten, your oreo/choc chip one. Amazing.
yup, fail no buddy passes!
oh hush don't act like u not excited either!
We are resuming Region 11 panel with AOS I app #120002 Strings, Inc.
i already did :)
everyone has different tastes.
RT : Finally! The #astd2012 app is available for the iPhone! It's titled ASTD Events!
today is a Stack, life is a Queue.
No first block for me
"mail time mail time maiiiillll timmmeee, o its here"
forever wishing you'd follow!!
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Why do I feel like half the people saying Louis Vuitton is their #FavoriteClothingBrand are living on welfare?!
Today pompous British people dress up for a wedding. Next weekend pompous Americans dress up to watch a horse run for 1 min.
Marvelous cocktail party last night with friends and neighbors. The bottled cocktails were a lifesaver as I was not allowed in the kitchen!
I should be sleeping!
Maybe since you post often about MH, do the opposite for one day. (whatever that may be.) Have fun with it!
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
love your work, would love to photograph you sometime when you are back in New England.
Come hang at Kobo Live with us this Tuesday to show some Columbus love to Nashville rockers Hello Kelly!
My 6th period gym teacher has been missing for a week already. Uh oh.
11-5pm and we would need you there at 10. email me at for the locations details!
I'm used to it. Don't feel bad.
Move out day. ER here I come.
what time are we getting this party started?!?
let us know! :)
CONGRADULATIONS! I cant believe that out of 17k followers you are following me:O
Ho Ho Ho! Merry Christmas my dear friends and family... may today bring you the warmth of love, the spirit of happiness, the strength ...
This is CRAZY! I can't do this.
Thanks for the RT, Cindy! Glad you liked the article, and hope your followers do, too.
I hope but doubtful
do you mind sleeping during day?
correction. 47. I want two helpings.
The only thing being slap is nikkis ass...
#8x10designs.com small business design package, Just $375 including business cards and stationary. 484-378-9103
..wow, and what do you do?!
Fuck it i am done workn out, i dont like it when legs feel like jello
#TeamsThatCanBeatTheLakers I Hope Illuminati Freezes All Of Ya'll Computers--For Anyone Participating. Thank You Black Mamba
My hair is getting long  happy happy happy 
i totally agree with u
In a session about QR codes. Would love to use them in my elementary
Found thee smallest pack of gum at Wal Mart so i had to buy it! Its literally the little things that are the cutest to me lol.
Today is the last day to submit a song dedication for a chance to hear it on #Lightscape this Valentine's Day.
Great and productive day with my parents and my kids. We are all exhausted tonight though.
what other series do you watch? I love Dexter, Walking Dead, and Sparticus lol
which is like thousands of degrees above absolute zero, otherwise known as winter.
yeah lol unis are horrendous but I like the bows !
You say No to Drugs, Juicy J Can't.
Please tell your folks happy 50th! Damn inspiring. :-)
Part of me
beauty and the beast <3
What the hell is wrong with Bosh? Whatever it is... Not our deal!
Friend and co-conspirator Kate Lesta, director of on the air from 12-3pm today!
Thanks for your words and for following
It's full day of editing and writing. Working from the house this morning, heeding to this afternoon.
can I come!!!
My son has Teterology of Fallot.
the box office will have them for that price. We may have someone back at UWM Wednesday...
trying to quash the urge to write poetry when my thesis draft is due in nine days
Gowdy, Duncan and Wilson; Duncan even said they might contact me about a possible visit
The new Justin Bieber single comes out on my little sister's birthday. She loves him. #iknowwhatimgettingher #cheapgiftftw haha
Up and at'em.
My sister had a copy of Battleship from the "Barbershop" but I refused to watch it.
Happy Mother's Day....as I go and pick up my new kitchen table, I feel as though my moms present wasnt nearly as good
2 things, watch some charlies angles, and don't let know you have wine gums...she'll eat them all with no remorse
sorry about that! Have a great day!
I miss your face <3 =)
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there.
Omg titanic in 3D with the best cousin!!!:) <3
Follow Me Please? Thanks:)
I have decided to leave my pursuits and worldly possessions behind. Instead I will build stone by stone a temple to Al Yankovic.
Last week in the class. I'm going to miss the students—especially those who sat with me and worked on tough assignments.
Can Cain gather more momentum. He looks good at this moment but things change quickly.
Fun fact: in 1778 , 14 out of 16 new English novels were published anonymously. (The English Novel, eds. Raven and Garside)
Music transcends time.
Welcome to Morgan Tucker Consulting Engineers first Tweet!
Absolutely loving -- fun, easy, beautiful. How did it take me so long to discover this?
Berggren is getting worked on both sides of the court!
Next stop, the network!
guy are sppost to do everything in a relationship ?! lol
. kill corruption w kindness.
Another shareholder asks JPM to divest from companies doing biz in Sudan & thereby supporting genocide... So far JPM opposes all resolutions
Pub quiz question #1: What Star Treck series alumnus will compete for charity in this weeks celebrity apprentice?
Lifeline promoting the $11.90 unlimited local plan hits the streets of NY targeting those who are being ripped off on their phone Bill
“: - taking the spoiled brat to the festival 😁” don't talk about Mani! Lol
listening to #ChristmasMusic and feeling the spark of nostalgia of a lifetime long ago.
If u jump i jump
I'm not a business man, I'm a business, man.
Basketball 101: Scouting = Fast Food
Thanks for coming out on Saturday, and for the great blog post, hope to see you soon!
Walk into my living room seeing my 3 year old sitter put my dog in a pillow case, shake it around, and yell "You got punked!"
Is that a complex token?
Dear Wayne County Prosecutor's Office: Allow Davontae Sanford To Withdraw His Guilty Plea ...thanks - Black Folk Hot Spots
I love that one!
Y'all LOVE us!
Im craving starbucks;)
Where u at?
true that
Word of the day: Terroir.
A relationship is between two people, not the whole fuckin world.
January 25th Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet starts at Ares. Stay tuned for details...
#IamAStanBecause it's funny when he says *NSync are shit
The safety net is called the ER, and it is so easy to get an appt w/ the right ailmt (i.e. heart attack or profuse bleeding)
Good job Jesse! Kick some but-- we know you can do it, we're excited for you! ~RTN
Here getting things ready. Backstage is crazy right about now..loving the scenary.
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
Episode 46 was sent to us from the future! It will air tomorrow.
“: no holds bar Unc! Get them right!!!!” I'm sure he will cry aloud and spare Not!
Thank you! Very much appreciated! :)
All the NYC destruction in Avengers is regrettable, but that halal cart did nothing but make people happy.
You sure do love rubbing your dog's tits.
Congratulations to our own Scotty Dickert (aka "Spuds") for booking a role on NBC's Community!
I'll say it again... Young men need Good Fathers.
Thanks for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Please open a location near Seattle! We need more chikin!
so so true!!!
Disagree. He just couldn't get away with the behind the scenes stuff cuz losing sucks & losing was assured with that staff.
"Don't get seduced by your character."--John Smock
Boston #Red #Sox have it all. The only thing missing was Carl Crawford and he has found his swing in a big way! via
agribusiness tour day 2. Off to Central #Wisconsin. Thanks to #WICorn for sponsoring us.
Mothafuckin cinco de mayo is coming up i better start drinking tequilla now
Thank you baby!
"you're so awesome, Adam!" <-- Thank you!
ready for the day where I don't have to write another research paper. Time to go to work
two women get in a fist fight at walmart #nail salon..really who gets their nails done at #wallyworld ??
I have made myself useful on this primary night running telepromter for the election updates on
RIP Clarence Clemons. Brought me much joy in the E Street Band.
I need to get a sewing machine working today. Now, where is that measuring tape!
We love Perrin! “: Discovered this guy when watching One Tree Hill. Check out "Back To You" by Perrin Lamb. ”
Online shopping is so addictive... I don't even feel like I'm spending money.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
I love Gibby. and his belly.
This lady in walmart sitting there talking to her friend instead of checking us out.
ha! Knew making him run around the bases like that would catch up to him!
I love/hate having an orthodontist appointments in the noting.
People just like to complain nevertheless no matter what the circumstances are. I gotta check out that new stadium at some point.
too quick too raw
Never stop learning! Not 1 day should go by w/out you having learned something (especially about yourself). #GO!
We highly recommend you do ;)
Ready to do work! LET'S GO!!
If this Payton Manning debacle smells fishy, say AYYYYYYYYY!!!!! >:(
we think so too! Momentum is real... :)
I'd like to send a big FU to for most likely being responsible for the structure being way too good for a $350
#MajorTurnOff when dudes dont know how to say what they want .
me!!!! It'll be my first So excited ♥
She Freaky
well in my opinion YOU are pretty awesome :) have fun in the sand while I'm at my BooooooooBQ this weekend.
the smaller your #circle the better
has had a cat issue, a plumbing issue, a washing machine issue, and the freezing cold house indicates a potential furnace issue. What next?
Davis: "The problem is the way that normalcy is constructed to create the 'problem' of the disabled person."
Rondo with a triple-double!!!
RT : Highlights coming in from the 6A boys hoops quarterfinals from the Rose Garden. Joe Becker will have a live update at 6pm.
why doesn't ever tweet me back? :(
RT : I miss #TeenHoot so much. It made me forget about every bad thing in my life. It was amazing being there.. I wanna go...
#KatherineMcPhee is gorgeous and talented! She's been gone FAR too long!
Precautionary Boil Water Advisory Issued for Customers on McComas Rd, Toms Cr Rd & Hash Cr Rd in Salt Rock.
Well that's cuz you have no sense of humor...... =)
hahaha well I guess the autocorrect could have been way worse!
thanks! I'm following YOU!
thanks love! Just wanna move away to get away from shit!
I can't wait for summer ball to start already. Time to step up. 🏀
“Tea...is a religion of the art of life.” - Okakura
Madonna proved she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the Super Bowl Half Time Show!
who even watches the LA version of NCIS
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.
Facebook is your homepage on the social web says
Fundraising is brutal!
We're following GFA Partners at the White House, with 60 US food leaders talking regional foods systems
I'm trying to get Shit faced next week
Figuring out how to find more time to tweet...
that he was sorry and second to remind me of his amazing little body that I can't get enough of. Oh my ex cheated on me and
YEP. RT : : Listening to your iPod in public, and then walking around like your life has a soundtrack.
I'll have to check that out!
twinkle twinkle suck my dick
hahahaha oh my . i remember that .
Horray! Happy #WW happy you're here #WW RT : Can't believe I am actually home for
by the time the iphone 7 is released I predict that Siri will belch and fart and become that annoying roommate that you can't kick out.
Calling bull. Need proof. RT : My bad ---- goes to the time out chair --- pouts.
What a great game by flyers and rangers earlier today! Loved it!!
Am...am I in trouble?
Thanks for the RT; there's a lot more to come in this discussion series!
Ben living in Dallas a lil ova a month n stil aint used to this time zone
Apparently when my twitter followers cross the 30 mark, they stop sending me emails. Yay! But they start sending me Cialis ads. Boo...
I was following along and suggesting you get the check at the place you were, not
Thanks for the love! :-)
thanks doll! Wish you were in town to play. We'll need to plan something postgrad.
The Rhythm of The Dance Tour is coming to the Lincoln Center in Ft. Collins Colorado this April 12th. This is a show you don't want to miss!
Oh shit, dominatrix.
Movie night with the girls, dinner,smoothies, beer, and pickles...
im saving thes for u
Word x 2 RT ": Word RT #Gemini gets irritated by ignorant people.”
So Ive been wondering where a pair of my boxers went, well I just found out. My roommate is wearing them...I just dont even know anymore eww
Congrats to 201 MCW 4th year med students on today's match!
Microsoft and Nokia Begin Massive Marketing Push Behind Lumia 900
I have several papers, tons of grading, a blog post, and a digital repository standing between me and any kind of TV.
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is a community event. Put us on your schedule for next week: Thursday 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM and Saturday...
Arte #Retirement #Community -- 184k SF Independent & Assisted Living #Facility -- #noticed on $36.25m #debt with Square Mile Cap Management.
oh ok lol
UK &amp; World News: Mirror chief Sly Bailey to quit
I'm still convinced that Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse are the same person
"I saw it all... from a table away..."
Last minute slow cooker plan saved by high-temp setting! Dinner won't be at 9pm after all!
if that's a talent u have, go use it and charge $25.. or do two And charge $12.50.. or be ready to.load in and run errands.
last mights movie wasnt THAT bad
New to Twitter? Want to connect with others? Don't protect your tweets. We can't interact w/ you if you do. (And add a bio to your profile).
Awesome off days spent in Budapest, Hungary! Tomorrow we rock the roof of Club 202!
Taking the family down to Colorado Springs in our vintage birch wood camper for some r&r and of course big sky photography!
Even thought it's not live, do you anticipate a preview of the content of the interview?
Went hard @ the gym..!
"WRONG! Sir... Because they are both marsupials... Members of the marsupial family... Do you understand me??!!"
Rain down on me! Let YOUR love just shower me..Just rain on me!! (Singing) EVER LITTLE DRIP DROP JUUSSTT #swv...joyful even in this weather!
Still sick, this shit ain't cool
thanks, found it!
Who is that? Lol RT : you should follow #TravisClark !!
Have you guys read Sentenced At Birth yet?!? I f not you're definitely missing out!! Get your copy today..Amazon Barnes & Noble and Lulu.com
“: beer making and horse milling: volatile markets — Margery Kempe would #occupythemiddleages”
#nw The Big Waste ... feeling guilty now. The U.S. throws away almost 27 million *tons* of food a year! Most edible but unsellable
Thru 6 complete, VT still leads 4-3. Cavaliers with the top of the order coming up in 7th.
Hoping for good snow and skiing conditions tomorrow... Skiing
my fav video of all time. It still Gives me chills
also, I wasn't trying to steal anything. I just like your picture.
I do not have to know HOW I will reach my goals. I just do my part every day, let go, and the HOW reveals itself to me.
and now the band is in my neck of the woods! Ha
bonjour do you have a contact email?
No Lie came on the radio...it just got real on 240.
Back in Miami I wouldnt have this much trouble finding a "date" to go to my living social hot stone massage this afternoon.
New photos from our booth at the LPL Financial National Conference posted in album
*Sits down and patiently waits for 's announcment*.... I CAN'T TAKE WAITING ANY MORE PLEASE TELL ME
tell her I say hi :)
So mad at you for having fun. (I'm just kidding.) CAN YOU GUYS VISIT ME NOW PLEASE?
#imhappiestwhen progress is made in the fight against #humantrafficking: traffickers caught, new laws passed, or new abolitionists R born!
damn it air conditioner I WILL DEFEAT YOU
...looks real except for those horns. Need to get a closer look at them.
Had lots of fun Chicago tonight, loved seeing & ! Hope to see you ladies again soon!
Good win granger
Birthday s/o to because i love her :)))
Happy Birthday!
Yay! Last day of my week of hell....
Ha! Yes, I have the Strengths Finder 2.0 book & have taken the test. Very helpful :)
can't wait for more dexter!
Psychedelic Overdose
tell her u like older women lol
At the office waiting for the Ruby Jam to start (www.rubycodejam.com)
Mentions or followers are not coming up on my twitter. Anyone else having this problem?
He can't rehab all the time...
haa. I'm with u tho. I think Doc needs to be mention with all the greats
What's better than getting a work out & helping a great cause? A post race party! Sign up for the AFCEA 5K/Family Fun Run...
We will be going into Compass Rose Studios early February. <3
RT : RT : If u Retweet this tweet, it means u will be a Belieber forever
Of course you are~ RT : Currently listening to, "93 til Infinity" by Souls of Mischief
I wanted to thanks the 18 people who just followed me #StayClassy .
It's distressing how often I seek to cross something out and miss.
Yeah, they're!
Yes, he's very talented! And brings out some amazing plays and movies.
Let me find out you cant think!.
Many who think "I should learn to code" could start with history instead e.g.'s Hackers or 's The Information
Happy Birthday and may all your wishes come true
your very welcome :)
Lmfao I crack myself up.
-see skydeck has become Mr.Number. If you can withstand a key dev leaving, CTO changing direction, etc. fine.
Hi!) Follow back?:)
i feel kinda better ._.
Walking home then off to Dallas to intern. And in the dark of the night I get to drive back home! Oh what an awesome time.
Getting hit on by the coffee guy...
#shoutout to and for going to Casablanca yesterday :) i know. Im an amazing waitress *vows* Hahaha
You like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
ah yes, the universe works in mysterious ways. not sure I quite understand its timing ;) hopefully will be 10x as lucid tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Let It Bean
Holographic caves are being installed on campus' to use technology to learn. Are we ready?
lol u didn't have to say it like tht
Listening to talk about Pinterest. Looking forward to chatting again Friday.
QT : There was nothing wrong with my aim. Just had to switch targets.(((!!!!!)))
Happy Thanksgiving to you too! :)
Go Ohio beat NC!
So very surreal that I'll get to be a junior again. I can't call myself a senior and maintain my integrity
thank you
Lucky Number Slevin! I love this movie!
The good and bad to retrieving password | Best Anti Spyware Software
why don't you fucking do some research on who you arew fucking with, it will save u a lot of embarrassment
Girl, sit down and stop tryna be cool
We luv ya 2 RT My #StereoSisters have still been including me in their tweets even tho I've been m.ia. I love you girls!!!!
Thanks for posting this!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the amazing mothers out there! As one mother to another, I salute u all!
Sittin next to
