Is there a show more annoying than Live at The Actors Studio?
"Gay money" > Obama campaign received $1 million in donations in first 90 minutes after he announced support for gay marriage, reports
doesn't quite know how he feels about "The Five-Year Engagement," but you'd never guess it reading his review....
RT : My daily nutritional supplements are 2 gummies, 2 teaspoons of bee pollen, and 2 dark chocolate squares.
umm lol I heard the craziest thing today umm that I supposedly stalk you on twitter which is UNTRUE just so you know😞
This should end well... I'm in RT Folks, DE Osi Umenyiora now on Twitter. You can follow him at
Thanks to Colorado school of mines for hosting us as well as focomx! We had a blast this weekend!
omg! Image of Grace is getting somewhere! In June, jarett asked us 2 participate in a concert thing @
protecting? Or humping?
Just watched #TakeShelter. Michael Shannon's perma-grimace face is perfect for that film.
Lots of good stuff going on. Best part of day was having playdate between my little puppy client & our bldg mascot dog, Coco
When we pray God moves.
I'm jumping over-board.!!!!!
Spring Training is over, but don't worry..Woodjock updates of who's playing next year will keep coming!
pearl jam!
we need more goals, Vancouver will be attacking on the next half
We fuxin n she cusin she cant take no more of me!
Thankfully I'm not wearing the penguin suit today..
What a day!!! Here's to a better tomorrow! Goodnight!
New music binge. Yum yum yum yum yum.
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts. 4
im listening to my washer shake my floor.....
You're everything to me. I cannot say how much i love you. It's in my heart. I wanna spend my life with you.
It's International Hug a Librarian Day, but I'll accept chocolate or coffee in lieu.
jealous! But it's lovely in LA too! Miss my Moro!
twitter hi-five for plugging the toilet!
#TickTickBoom is changing my life right now. How have I never heard this show before???
Cherish and love your family. You will have peace within yourself after all is said and done.
Gedunk Food Truck Is now serving at tractor brew pub
Casting Directors workshops aren't to be missed. Get amazing feedback & helpful hints to book work for your network auditions!
Webdesign is slow moving. I am definitely not a web developer.
i'm goin great and urs?
Austin is a fun town, but being down there made me realize how thankful I am to be at and to have the friends I've made in LBK!!
==>Soo Called "INDEPENDENT B*TCHES" F*cked It Up For All WOMEN!!! **Yo School Money & Income Tax Ain't Gon Last Forever**
I didn't do it on purpose my phone has been doing that for some reason, but I'm following back
yea I do
but seriously, if would've done the same thing off the court he'd gone to jail. Time to put on ur man pants and say sorry.
I like that it's subtle and goes with everything. Yeah too bad I'd freeze to death. 
Tonight and tomorrow are your last chances to catch #CHILDREN before #OpeningNight. Book now! Seats are selling fast.
Demo disaster today! It shouldn't have been a demo, but an entrée for customer steering of our project. Time to brush up marketing skills!!
you should ask him the PW to his twitter to see if he's really faithful
just found out i arrive in buffalo earlier than expected so expect this to be a date at 8pm may 19.
Smoking kills people, thats why they banned it!!!
So glad to see the topic of student loan debt being discussed on both and Stay tuned #uppers and
Thanks for all the love!
Time is going by fast...I'm getting old.
well its a MUST i get them!
...and she clicked her ruby shoes.. Welcome home!
Damn, Bryce Harper has been promoted to the Majors. I was hoping to see him face the #clippers in CBus next month.
back now
I heart you.
I'm afraid to look up the Magic 8 Ball online and tempt the Gods! :-)
saving some $$ for da new hizzzzouse!!
Movies over.. What to do now??
You've been a bad boy now go to my ROOM! haha
This is cool how Twitter is becoming more of a learning tool.
Okay, I followed him. :D
Didn't turn out good
Shut up and let me go
awesome, if Katie emmerson is working please tell her I said hi! Also if Jackson is around, same thing.
#Orioles win!!!! The #Orioles win! Back home to battle the Expos.
Just grilled hot dogs and hamburgers for 22 undergrads.
which is the best?
my nose real stuffy and I'm riding on a huffy
What if I ever run away, would you miss me?
RT : The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate feedback!
I'm not afriad to tell u how I feel I'm afriad of the way u might react Or wat u might say:/......
The team and I are wishing you luck tonight at the #Oscars. We'll be making the Red Carpet Fizz in your honor!
What about a smart haircut
One word #weather report: meh.
I think I need a juice cleanse after this week. Seriously.
I've noticed an increased amount of product placement on tv shows, specifically electronics.
+1 RT : Can't wait for in DC! Question is: Will & the throw a Welcome Party for him?
Been busy!!! Working out at www.crossfitstrong.com. Just booked plane tickets for Mardi Gras in New Orleans in Feb & Hawaii in March! yay!!
Drinking vegetable juice puts hair on your chest, then turns said hair green.
A properly designed single payer system eliminates for everyone financial hardship due to health care costs.
thank you :) & i just want EVERYTHING on austin's site!
If you want 1 yr of prosperity, grow grain. If you want 10 yrs of prosperity, grow trees, If you want 100 years of prosperity, grow people.
Thanks for the follow & break a leg with Shakespeare.
OEM Business Model is great business opportunity.
My 1000th Tweet Go's To Hes Cool Af Go Follow Him
Is anyone sharing your job descriptions? A guaranteed way to go viral with a great startup called ongig. A video job description repository
heh. Can't believe I forgot the unicorns
Er, a date with my boyfriend. Boyfriend. I really, really like him, but I can't stand coupley words. Trying to get used to it. (Boyfriend.)
Hiya pals! Just getting here!
it was awesome. Then I went to Duplex for open mike comedy nite then bway quality piano bar. Love this place :-)
i knew u was the police lol snitch
Have you seen the HBO pilot for GIRLS? It's a breath of fresh air.
wow jesus classes end Tuesday???
Company coming over tonight for my world famous Mac and Cheese. The cheese alone for this cost's over $15.00, sharp wht cheddar &Gruyere
They changed a couple of elements in John Carter that were key in the 100 yr old book so it would make sense as a 2012 movie - worked well
#smashbrothers miss wilding out with our homie at #palmers nightclub! We doing big now tho Lego! Smash brothers
awesome day at ! Who else did I meet today?
Thanks for the follow.
Had a blast at the Black Press Candidates Forum!
Mom, I'm going to have so much fun with dad I won't even notice you're gone.
it was great hanging out with you last night!!
It's the first night of graduate classes! Hope everything is running smoothly for you - let us know if you're experiencing difficulties!
It feels great outside!
We would love to do an interview. Email to get in contact! Thanks!
Took half a day out of our crazy schedule to head up to the gorge. Sunny and beautiful today. Now back to work for the rest of the evening.
some people need to get a f@#kin life LOL
“: Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.” Agreed.
#FF Thank you Caroline!! :)
Thanks for following!
Zoinks! Your chair is out for delivery 2day! Can't take credit. Rudin air freighted it! We want all your upholstery business!
will do, thank you! =)
I want your bag - please...
psh, one less person I'd ever have to share with. ;)
que feo :c
I love niccas who can dress and closet is lookin just as good as mines!
EPP brings its Eye on New China to Concord, NC! We'll be at the B&T Vendor Fair, Booth 71, Embassy Suites, Wed am. Don't miss out!
THE UNDERGROUND, however, per the YouTube network deals, will be exclusive to YouTube for the first 18 months.
Welcome, Dawn!
The time has come. I must now begin a journey that will challenge every fiber in my being; I can no longer withhold it. The time has come.
Some people ride unsafely. New bike program = more people riding. More people = more unsafe
how are you?
i wish you'd notice me.
That is highly creepy! One could end up with competitors, mistresses, etc. showing up in their suggested connections!
It's impossible for you to follow me !!! Xoxo
oh really that sounds fun. I didn't do skip day I have an important test and I needed the grade lol
Thats 2 crawford walk-offs in '11 RT that fat child in that photo could strike out carl crawford...
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you. I love you so much.
#askbilas if Ky can bust Syracuse zone can the cuse keep up in scoring
whats a tinky winky and why is it trending?
you can do better towards Afro Americans who support u stop acting like a whitey
what up
no and no
NFL Draft Day is like a Holiday to me....getting my Buffalo Wings ready!
#Honestyhour Sometimes we can't pay our homes for reasons out of our control, so we should call Renny plus Seve and get help!
Generally I want to be the one who's able to address everyone's issues, but now that I'm in a position of zero authority ...
hope you are so I can take care of it lol :)
had no idea you were from Texas. I was born there. 4th generation
largest YL New Years Eve party on the planet. 80s cover band. DJ dance party. Featuring Washington, DC
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -Buddha
I got a new fashion Magazine releasing to LA... Would love to get you guy's in involved! Let me know!
Obviously your virus is catching, since we had Indian takeout too. :)
#69Factsaboutme 69. I write, and sketch.
Great tips on leadership, professionalism, transferable skills 'n careers. Special thanks to for their participation
See you there RT : We're bringing upcycled craft supplies & pay-as-you-wish prices to Baar Bazaar. 12/17 8 pm
A1: Think about why you drink Coke or Pepsi, taste is part of it, but why do some of you ONLY drink or the other, brand purest
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 Bottle Special!!
night...don't get raped...oh
You know 1 monkey don't stop no show!
Brrrr! How to type the ° symbol: hold down the Alt key then press 0176 and release all. Give it a whirl!
Sunday mornings contain a magic all their own. . .
snapback is an old school regular hat but they wear the bill flat #dumb trends. We tight rolled our jeans and teased our hair!
My grandmother died exactly 3 months ago.. I hope will give me support in this hard time :'(
Finally got the pretty girls number at work and the convos been good
Hi Simon! I'm good, its FRIDAY! WOOHOO. Happy Friday to you. Big weekend plans?
for serious.
Lots of actors from #Lost have shown up in #OnceUponATime. Bringing in the Smoke Monster was a bit much though.
Add quitter to the Fickell resume
please tell me you're going to brad?!
Seems like he should at least get suspended... RT : 17-year-old suspect in Ohio school shooting to remain in detention, judge rules
well i made it so it could be seen on phones pero nose if its ganna work ull find out later haha
You're so sweet. Same to you all. Beautiful weekend! Grant's fighting invisible bad guys now in the living room. Does V do this?
Serafin is the man!!
Another night of live music with the Ralph Butler Duo. Catch them from 9pm until midnight tonight in
whats up. How you been?
I just wanna kill Scar for killing Mufasa ugh! Yes I get very emotional!
that's automatic you gotta love her and her reactions to things
Happy 4th of July!!!! lake all day baby<3 hopefully ill learn how to wake board hahaha (;
gosh my phone's so stupid it'll give me a notification from a text like 5 mins after i got the text..
Thanks for the follow
Hooray for the PVCC Horticulture Club!
She's doing very well, aside from the constipation problems LOL. She's at her sister's til next Wed. - house to ourselves 8'D
Happy Hump Day to my friends and family of the east coast!!
Her smile >
i think it should! and..the ppls might wanna take another look at allisons doll #toomuch2handle!
: You just love it cause Bill Compton has even less excuse for sounding like an anachronistic dufus.
Tebow talk:Oh, Jesus, you were so humble,please make the Steelers fumble. Hail Mary, Immaculate Conception, make Ben throw an interception.
How you gon hate on a nigga that wanted more than you ?
I wonder if I twitter my thoughts, would they follow?
I wish I had a girl who'd watch these games with me, Sportscenter with me, and root against my team during the Superbowl and NBA finals lol
She said " Boo I LOVE you " I told her that was a THESIS Statement !! # I'm TRAPSATIONAL
im honest a.f
haha I was kidding, hell naw, I ain't leaving my laptop. Dude....in Washington DC? PLEASE!!!!
that last express was weak
BOOKED ON A TV SHOW! Only after 28days signed with Conscious Publicity!
its almost your birthday!!! and I are working on a song for you!
I need to go to sleep its freakin 2:12 am!!!!!!!!
No, Cole Hamels was suspended because he threw at a batter. Get your facts right, geez!
#GirlsShould stick to one man when they are in a relationship. Us guys don't like hearing about these other guys who obviously want you
The stream keeps freezing. If you get a chance ask the gentleman to reboot?
Having elva practice a scene from a movie...I'm going to have her audition for scream queens
that would be me as well!
Radiohead was fan fuckin tastic! Paranoid Android, Jigsaw, Lotus Flower, myxomatosis... BLEW MY (NONEXISTENT)BALLS OFF!
V. nice outfit. But you couldn't get the boots into the picture? (I concede you may not share my perspective on feet-on-desks.)
Oh and im vibin on yahoo answers sharing wisdom and shit
Just about 4 more weeks left of skool!
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin♥9
Nope still cnt find my headphones -__-
good point. Lot of things going on federally and locally with this debate.
ITS SOO HARD 2 GET NOTICED BY YOU, RT OR FOLLOW ME AND ILL BE HAPPY =)
Two more decent docs on mankind's relation to nature -- one about local food (EATING ALABAMA) & one about birds (CENTRAL PARK EFFECT).
Okay did you over do it and now your totally exhausted from the weekend? But it was exciting - Get some sleep - Later!
it's good breh just a grind ... Wasup with y'all season
always bro!
WHOA WOUDENT THIS BE CRAZY XD
Lots of work to do + new inventory just arrived (lovely new styles to show you!) but hopefully I'll be able to get out & enjoy the weekend.
Sermon prep
“: Awee how sweet of that girl to text you today #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay”
Thanks Paul!! This is an incredible book! Best QBs in the country-442 pages of the secrets of their trainer.
Couple bottles of that MOET and getting dat pu$$y she haven't told me no yet!
Thanks for the ideas! You guys ROCK!
Ha! Silly Noah!
yep, petmate sells a similar one here in the states. I have the Medium size, but i have ginormous cats :)
Ok, start writing our next song "Urgh, Urgh, Urgh" we gotta reach out to our neanderthal listeners by Ovechkin's request
at least, you better. (;
Thanks for the offer to volunteer, we need to fundraise first - please spread the word!
Kids who pick their nose and eat their boogers in class should prolly be forced to sit for finals twice.
Word to kombiz.
Cheers, Hannah! :)
Building self confidence- lack of positive self-esteem is a factor that holds many people back... research
Haha...it is torture!
i followed him
FYI: We deliver! No min order & delivery fees start at just $15. Please call us 24 hrs ahead of time, but we do offer rush delivery as well!
#bring1dtoseattle for life
We are on this world to live, love, and do great things. The little hard times along the way are nothing compared to the big picture. x
I am really torn about my team for #Star what a hard decision!!!!
that's awesome! What did u decide on? I say ya can't go wrong w/ a blazer & pencil skirt. Good luck!
no thanks
I love her! tearing it up on Go #teamblake tonight — please dominate team Xtina.
Hay, um, I should go to that show with you Friday. \m/
put another log on
#20ThingsAboutMe im a really nice girl, but im hard headed
At the airport. My flight leaves in 30 min.
Cranked out a bunch of work today. Being unemployed has been great for R&D. Time to play with lots of tech!
thank you and tell everyone I said heyy
So, how much time do you waste reading about random strangers online? Yep - talking to you ;)
that's awesome! Thank you!
There's a Michael Jackson doctor trial app? Wow.
I'm not taking it, but my school offers a VERY popular storytelling course.
it's very serious. Lisa make it through the rigorous wing woman application process. Barely.
no matter how nice, accessible they are - they are after something from you. don't deny what you feel/the spirit warns. agree quickly!!
sorry I didn't see you at #aln2011. Great conference. Delayed at airport on Wed.How was your presentation?
Such a smart & engaging panel thanks to & all who came out!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Marble Slab Creamery - Dessert (live updates)
I appreciate the support (even from afar)!
I am so there. Pandora blazin throughout this taco bell ;)
we commend you for your forward thinking.
Im up at this time
Happy Birthday 😉😘
It's HERE! Deep Vision Dance Co/withhart.dance.projects in shared concert! TONIGHT!
Yeah. May need to drive some but should be a fun season.
congrats! LUV the show!
I've avoided this night for 23 years.
*~tryna win dese summerjam15 tickets in detroit to see u boi winning is to hard nt giving up #JetsettersUp ✈ nowhere but ^ ~*
If you haven't talked to us about tickets for our Paradise Fears show email us!
Wherever it might be, any chance Jeff Saturday joins Peyton?
In 1955,Rosa Parks sparked the civil rights movement by refusing to give up her seat to a white man in Montgomery AL.
i miss college...
The 2012 summer movie preview
dis is our new gang guyz
A name is just a number name wat we really are is number's...108-354-9085
79 Seattle records reviewed in the May issue of Seattle Weekly's Reverb Monthly, on the racks TOMORROW!
Jane, don't you know that dr. Murray will NOT be convicted?
You should follow me you know :D
– ExpressionEngine all the way! Yes, I'm biased :)
we are placing our first order with ya'll excited to see the product at
You're awesome! Thx!! :)
Apple makes a brand faux pax. Is it iPad 3 or "the new iPad" and what will we call it? They lose control of the brand
Email us some detail and we'll figure out what's happening.
What kind of dickhead asks what would Jesus do?
Bout to get back into this twitter movement
Last week I spent learning. This week I'll spend doing.
I'm with you there! Doesn't bother my viewing experience at all
Need to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
Would love to have you as a volunteer, Mary! Next time! Today, you just enjoy the awesome event!
Can I blame having to face "logic" like that for my bad mood? It's infectious.
Pinterest Announces Attribution Tool Feature For Flickr, YouTube And More ... - Huffington Post
I don't see risk; I see opportunity to make a difference.
I'm still here. Are you?
where do you get those "YOLO"shirts like u have in your profile pic?i like them!:)
I'll remember that ;) xo
Steve Blake come thru too. what a team effort!
7pm's Record Shelf – The Pride of #Madrid!. Historic recordings of Spanish music feat. great Spanish conductor Enrique Fernandez Arbos.
Back to you again :-)
Alright alright alright alright
Celtics Game with <3 Let's get it Celtics! (;
having a huge heart can cause u huge hurt
looking forward to new episode of #onceuponatime tonight...then back to work!
I had a dream about getting married to this beautiful lady but she know who she is lol
i need a damn blunt and a cup of purple drank or some strong and deadly and a studio and ill be good bru real shit
Not having anything to drink <<<
Fact: it takes 21 days of doing a behavior for it to become a habit.
Creating handouts on Edelweiss, hooray for making my life easier !
October daye series? Or how about some Gail Carriger? Or some George Mann?
With a little help from the umpire in strike three of out 27, we witnessed the 21st perfect game in MLB history today.
Bob Altice for Judge. 🔨
Thanks for spending time with us! RT : street food asia. wonderful way to end a beautiful weekend!(:
I'm in the hood NE right now , where you at with it ?
Yup. Definitely had a dream about coming back up last night.
thanks for the mention!
hanging out with your advisor in Ft. Collins -- having a blast. :)
same here
Snooki being famous is worse. It speaks towards America's preference of people who add no value. none at all.
Indeed Peace and Progress!!!
calm down it was just a heart .
Figuring out that Vinny graduated college with a 3.9 gpa & a bachelors degree just made him so much sexier.
I was at TGIFridays last night and saw Bernie's Chalet.
we are okay just in withdraws
what order should we write the story?
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF !
Thomas making outstanding saves right now!
Just ordered Adobe Production Suite! Can't wait to play with After Effects and Premiere :)
You have a baby? Doesn't surprise me..
ahahaha yes. 4 vs. 3. we literally spent all night outside their houses tryna get them
and Nava was never a real prospect
listening to Buck Owens and his Buckaroos live at Carnegie Hall 1966. good lawd. don rich ...tragic
Welcome back from Easter Break! CRJ students, faculty and staff return to school today.
catching up on tweets and getting ready to craft
Prepared to discuss risk allocation in Contracts tomorrow. Spent long time registering daughter's soccer team for an upcoming tournament.
Im going to bed. Goodnight guys and goodnight i am really happy for you and you deserve all of it okay?<3 We love you<3
2 tourneys this past weekend. Took 4th out of 26 and 2nd out of 12 teams. Both days well below freezing. Not a bad #winterdisc weekend.
Will be watching the sox game with a cold beer sitting on a couch
#Vegas North Side call 399-2923 or South West Side call 823-4800. We are deal of the day!!! Get it!
Tone up to slim down! RT #FACT: 1 pound of fat takes up 18% more space than 1 pound of muscle.
or as #NomunaChuulunbatar would say: Nail
Although lemons are typically thought of as acidic, they are alkaline-forming when ingested in the body.
SFR Tuesday afternoon: "Ruby's Rants" @ 1 PM, "SuffolkATION" @ 2 PM, Michael Peppe's show @ 3 PM, and "Adventures with Alex" @ 4 PM.
Tonight's Drink Special: The Reigning Blood! Fresh lemonade mixed w/ Stoli Raz & Strawberry puree, served over ice for only $6. Hell Awaits!
Nokia sued because Windows Phone is failing [updated]
Best advice all month: RT : Show an author you care, leave a positive review
The great Johnny O'neal just joined me on piano!!
THAT is awesome! “ : So John Mayer apparently LOVES the #Bachelor! came up to and knew who she was”
go to sleep late, and wake up early. Lol.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Watching Anchorman for the billionth time.
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
Email to get on board for special deals and free picks!
We were had by the weather, had to turn on the air to cool off the house.
Sometimes at work I want to tell people: "I regret to inform you that I'm about to punch you in the face for being stupid!" I hate stupidity
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 27
Dropped by to say hello. Hope your doing well and enjoying that beautiful baby. Happy Wednesday
. is my favorite today. Thank you for the referral, kind sir.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Norman R. Augustine
you have an amazing blog!
What are some of the snow reports around the #RVA area??? I hear 3.5 in in West End areas.
The dance was fun! Glad everyone ended up going :)
Studying at Buster's is KU. best iced tea ever and beautiful compañía. just what i need before the DEfenSA
This #Miami #Dallas game is garbage!!
Not good for the widow.
Heard while boarding my flight to Lafayette: "I done had myself a day."
R u sure we r talking about chicken here??
Listen now to Carlos Viana talking about biocompatible medicine on a2zen.fm.
Don't want to go to French revision
then ur lookin in the wrong place(:
Today's Phillyhunt Question: On the front page of today's Inquirer what is the headline about Japan's nuclear plant? Answer now to win!
Part of my growth over the years has come from knowing when to shut up and it has made all the difference.
Ford&#39;s first electric car makes pit stop in Amarillo
Ran in my new Frees for the 1st time today. Completely different feeling. Good but feet are burning.
Hey , Happy Birthday!
I love your feeble attempts at sarcasm and intellect.
I can't do this on my own, or without you. I'd be nothing!
“: "I love you forever, I want to be with you for the rest of my life" - Dude, you've been dating 2 days.”
I'll send you the schedule next week once it is finalized. Got some great concerts lined up.
how are you??
In the studio working on the new album. It is really coming together. Keep updated. We will be releasing a new track soon.
For those of you that check in at local businesses using , what are your favorite incentives/rewards?
Baltazar asked me to name all the Ninja Turtles. Please, I know my turtles I LOVE them. I have nerdy moments too.
I'm afraid to click on the instagram.
Great article about creating a global focus for US entrepreneurs. It should start in NYC. I'm in, let's go!
Dave Matthews fans who haven't seen him live aren't real fans. In unrelated & entirely not insecure news, some1 plz take me to a DMB concert
Lolololol I love it!
Stephanie from Starbucks just said I'm "Creepy in Jesus".....not sure how to take that.:-)
Start the game already, will ya?
Just got slowrolled by this Mongolian fish, 33 on a T43, I lead $20 he raises $400 I call. 4. Ck he shoves $500 I call, river 5.
Happy Better Speech & Hearing month #slpeeps!
yea, we caught that too...was really looking forward to her performance too...
As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record. But what about students who speak in class?
Before, an idea was just an idea. Then, an idea was more than just an idea. Now, an idea is just an idea. -Bruce Lee
Edwards atty says: Edwards "categorically denies that he was involved with any prostitute or service. ... allegations are false"
This Sunday at the The Grafton Pub and Grill we'll be discussing The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. 1:00 p.m.! see you there!
Late night last minute homework.
Us, too. RT : sometimes
And a good number will still be dumb as shit! RT : Americans will eventually go to school year around...
Woo! Congrats!
Lol - I was adopted. Born in Missouri and grew up on Long Island... you?
Happy Easter all
Hello! I checked out Droptype a few months back when you contacted me. Site seems down now. Are you still involved in the app?
Does Fireball have a twitter? Fireball needs a twitter.
Abby please inform someone of the comments, Brent Bundridge He has promised to kill Mr. Irsay. Please inform law enforcement
It's pretty sad when beliebers spell BIEBER the wrong way. I've seen like 5 people this morning spell it beiber. The i is before the e! :D
bring back toonami
I said i must be fine because my hearts still beating
ROFL - love ya, darlin'!! *hugs*
I will definitely check out your FB page as well, Kati. Thanks.
First t-storm of the year isnt dampening my enthusiasm. to see Still hope he gets hit hard.
yeah I love that song so much. ❤
Know this? ...Money can't buy you love. Gop ~Every dollar is influence. The Dollars for #wiunion are for
thanks for all the support Matt, you guys are awesome!
Why thank you kind sir!
Hey just checked out your PMP, dope stuff have a project I want to get you on, can u DM me ur email?
Aeesome! Email me your number and I'll call you to se it up.
After a lot of running around, planning and grunt work I have official declared education studies and history as my minors.
Beets #detoxify your liver! I add them to my shake or cut them for my salad! #BEETS are #GOODFORYOU!
I am trying to find outdoor large colorful party oriental lanterns made out of a durable...?
I'm in tears cause mo fucker didn't no what to say! Hahaha
I think that is the fear of the MPAA...shows the root of bullying is the traditional/conservative ideals.
peace we just linked at the RBMA session, please check that mix I slipped you, would love to get your feedback
BBQ sauce all over my face hands and shirt..... But Damn its worth it
Thank you once again! #FBLT ...please show some love to
LOL @ your dp! What up G!?
are you and doug alive??
you know I got your back bro!
Once a director changed the entire staging for the final scene for me after intermission of opening night.
thanks, now where's my victory pack...?
I like you. I don't know you very well. But at this point all I want is to know more about you.
Only ratchet girls have voicemails like this : YEA IT'S YA GIRL PEACHES , LEAVE A BITCH A MESSAGE
It's Friday night, the bar is fully stocked and the DJ is ready to rock! Who is coming to see us tonight - poolside?!
Thanks for the note, Jan! Glad you liked the article!
what channel?!
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
I love how I have to think about how old I am when someone asks me
RT : love the moment when I look up from my phone and remember there's a whole goddamn world i could look at instead.
That seems like a healthy environment in which to raise future DH leaders.
Congrats to ALL of the Best Of Finalists & Winners! U all deserve the accolades U get 4 making SD such a GR8 place 2 live ;)
I said they looked alike before she lost all the weight. smh
Most nights I lay awake thinking of you. Other nights I think of life, beards, and giraffes because I'm pretty sure I have insomnia.
I miss you doll <3
Cubicle rules because: #23, half day due to inclimate weather. Shut up.
Merry Christmas! Matthew 1:21 ESV "She will bear a son, and you shall call His name Jesus, for He will save His people from their sins."
Time goes by to fucking FAST!
I love eating at someone else's house
always always love you!♥
um, no. (there's a football game on)
happy Sunday sis!
sign should be "buy fewer things". otherwise brilliant.
When Stewie rips the Trader Joes parking lot, I'm curious if it was a shot at the one on LaBrea/3rd. It's an f-ing disaster!
what's a passport card?
Axford and Loe taking the remote controlled airplanes for a spin this morning inside the Miller Park airplane hangar.
I know I know,I'm awesome;)
I know!!! I meant to text you yesterday... Just got in from the trail I will text you after I finish with my hair!
Wow fantastic news on reaching your £5k target. Will be thinking of you all tonight.
& I pray we never undo
can't wait to u get here we gone make a Series!
You'll always be a part of me:-)
RT follow back lovely // Following back.
only 2 tweets? You're slackin'!
OH: "This is the best tour I've ever been on!" at Hide/Seek Curator Tour
I had a pretty good day , goodnight 😘
word up i got u fammm
I'm at my parents' house, and there are no bagels. What is going on??
My bad i had to go help my grandpapi. lolol
yes! Email me at =) thanks
I'm going to the party as the "Shively Grab n' Go Runner"...wearing Spandex and a Livestrong T
Sure thing! Hope everything's going well with you and your family!
Working on a post for on 's crazy cool beer labels. Keep an eye out for it!
What are your thoughts on #Facebook #Timeline?
We need more justice in "our system"
Jessica Simpson is engaged!!
…by which I mean food, by the way. My other Peruvian numnums I'm saving for marriage.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
can't stop addicted to the shin dig
Stopping to eat dinner. Will pick up rest later.
haha ya! Im good thanks. Wbu
we have been quiet of late..but im in the process of ending biz relationships..with ppl we dont want associated with us
FOLLOW HE HELLA COOL AND HE IS APART OF
"115" by Elena Siegman!!!!! That song is the shits!!!!!! i love that song!!!!!!!
Good morning! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! What are your plans today?
doesn't cur about me! Jk have fun eating breakfast with your mommy and sissies. Whore.
it's coming bro! we've written about 3 full lengths worth of songs in the last year & a half. it's gunna be pretty sweet!
Tres Hermanos, it's on West ave close to I-10. My favorite place.
Shame on you.
LOL! RT : I think she is cute but it could be the alcohol.
His Beauty's Crazy, I watch him from him from the crowed , His voice is so amazing, He make his mama proud, His home is in my heart(: E.S
Good prez at UCSB. Having a hard time reconciling this dichotomy. Bad signal to hire someone at 25% market discount but ok at 100%?
You officially took Earth Day to a whole new level or should I say you leveled it?
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. - Abigail Adams
Ur not punished for ur sin but by ur sin, that's why God hates sin. God wants u free not a slave to sin and the power of darkness!
Burnt Sugar Arkestra Park NYC right now show starts
Spring Break is over? Not good. Let the REAL senioritis begin
The ACM nominee's got released last week... grab the nominees promo now on
no, Im not going up tonight, but maybe I'll come see you! :))
Making it easier for owners to go mobile - Crain's New York Business
yo what city (chicago) won the free (chicago) show (chicago)??
damn..your not lying about junk in the trunk..all this time never checked pics
Not better YET - still have a site that looks like shit, waiting to chat with my provider's tech guys.
My place of employment has a trial subscription to the The Vogue Archive from Proquest. I may have just cried a little.
You look really beautiful and stunning!
Un breakfast..!!! :D
That mini heart attack that you get when you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
SIR that was a horrible strike call
Leave it all on the floor for 48 minutes tonight and have fun doing it! You guys R the best!
playing hard to see lol
Worst break down in class structure I've ever seen, I would rather be outside
It's funny to me that we care how something we eat was treated back when it was a different thing.
Just wrote a long email (>140 char) including the words persistent, adversary, threat ... and yet it wasn't what you think.
Gotta love Aaron Lynch's mom. Begging a NFL player to tell her son not to leave ND.
did not anticipate that my new job would involve, in part, tearing the front covers off mass-market paperbacks no one wanted ("strippables")
Ha. More like a quick one-two. Down for the count.
Oprah ? Id hit it.
5 followers away from 300! Who wants to give me a shoutout? ;)
RT : This has been the most informative week of my entire life I've learned an awful lot < I BET!! Thank u 4 the entertainment.
Nice. We're actually already home though. Low key night. You want to go out on Friday? That's celebration night. Plans TBD.
I had almost forgoten. Hope that never happens again, to any one on any team.
After running around the city all day, I can truly appreciate the sanctity of my apartment!
Damn, I'ma miss my roomate. Most badass roomate I could have.
Great day on the Hill advocating for vision and eye health capped off with Monica
Yep. He was raw at UCLA RT : Jrue Holiday is so sneaky athletic. People forget he was a Top 5 recruit & lottery pick.
Washing dishes clears my head
New vocaloid what do...
all smiles over here! spent some time with my boo tonight. it was very nice.
RT : If you're a 'fan' and u come with a rude attitude- twitter or anywhere,I'll mop the floor with u.. I hate unnecessary black
Companies that have "disproportionate power over the global economy." 147 that control 40% of wealth. Via
hope you're having one insanely good week!
Four and a half more hours. That's all. Come on.
Good p*ssy don't never get tied" *clap clap, snap, throwing my twos* B😂L!
She says thank you! :) Sorry for not being able to talk to you for song long.. :\
Happy #ff Friday!
we can certainly try...why no chocolate or preserves?!
relaxed and off to bed night :)
Everything about this nigga just seem fake now.
Thank you for lighting a fire under my ass to finish writing. Everyone, go see Sound of My Voice and see how it inspires you.
yeah I'm still up for it. What's your ideas I'd love to hear them! :)
sand follow back
ok will check that out because Oklahoma sucks too much of a mindless red state
and I'm pretty sure that those numbers can easily be doubled on january (cold) at lunch time
#shitclemsonstudentsdontsay...we almost beat west virginia
The dress Sherri Shepard has on today on "The View" is LIFE! I need it! She looks amazing.
This next throw to first is called, Diamond Aneurysm, says Matt Garza to no one.
do it “: Do it RT Free Beer at Emo's all night! No cover. Do it. #Sxsw”
Wonderful mackerel recipe from Shiro Kashiba up on today. We love how this can so easily find a place at the Hanukkah table!
5 fingers to the face ✋
HI AGAIN
#YouCuteAndAllBut the world dosent revolve around you
No, Why?
Me too!
Lmfao!!! Girl yes!!! Whatcha doing today?!
: Thanks for sharing the contest!
Jean & his horn swing :(
We felt the earthquake today in NYC!
i want to go to FCW to.
Yay finally got a new iphone cause mine broke on saturday soo happy :)
we working today?
boats 'n hoes, boats 'n hoes.
That is a total copy of a site I made for NIH in 2003.
has anyone ever told you that your cute XD
I like your bio. Smart asses are awesome.
RT if u love Starbucks!? :)
Cancel my subscription; I don't need your issues.
I have a "that's what he/she said" problem. Never know which it should be-By the time I figure it out, no longer funny.
My belly hurts now
"The only thing a position can give you is time to either increase or erase your influence." John Maxwell #Leadership =
Better introduce those boys to Coach Cal !!!! :-)
YES! Lime La Croix is delicious! Second only to Miller High Life.
Getting even only stops your blessings.
I have a lot of really great ideas.
In the kitchen whippin hard niggas know I got that sack.
Matt Croyle, creator of 'Monster', here. Just wanted to say hello!
Scdd Valentines Bout then Open Skate tomorrow! 4pm @ Romp N Roll. $5 each or $8 couples! Come join the fun!
thanks. Hope your mothers day was great as well.
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Its true I bought my first kindle book this wknd for a class deadline, I feel filthy. Kindle is evil. See Richard Stalman: The Right to Read
It's so good!
I have the most beautiful girlfriend in the world! I love her! Happy 9 months
I think I'm in love
Anyone in Baltimore have a used bike that they want to sell? I may know a buyer.
Tour this summer with At Calvary and Solomon this summer
32,862 at the #Orioles #Rays game
Congratulations on the promotion of David Zynn to President & #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Oh gosh!!! I love them. That was so cute! Asddgghjsus
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
SUPER THURSDAY WEALTH SEMINAR APRIL 19TH Come hear from individuals who have experienced the benefits of entrepreneurship with Little Ris…
We're experiencing some technical issues with the site D: should be fixed soon we hope!
warby parker is now showing up on my AWS EC2 console
A little bit of tennis should be fun on a Sunday..
Home from downtown LA. I hate driving out there
bout to enjoy my family time
How we identify learning styles apply for choosing platforms? Does my learning style connect to a platform or delivery system?
We love all the support! We are excited for the Grand Opening of coming in October!
Are you going to the #rockies game tonight? You may need to pick up one of our Rockies jackets first! Rain is in the forecast
it has worked for me. What device are you trying to use? What network does it pick up by default?
I miss you the most! can't wait to see you hopefully sometime soon! =)
This isn't where I parked my car
speaking of the CW.
congrats...it was earned
yup, pretty funny, esp. for a NJ guy
my heart just dropped writing another senior letter. I'm really sad. 😢
Strong to Arkansas rumors starting yet?
your sense of smell dies when you're married. Just like everything else. What!?
. Gonna be some big time sleepers & busts in fantasy this yr with so much player movement. Crazy
Lol! So how are you? :D
bro continue to do great things... Next stop broadway lol
Last marking period of my high school career. This is soo unreal
You know it!
I know. I was laughing so much. Lol such hypocrites
I'm at that part of the night where I have no idea what I want to do.
Give my dog a bone and he's not really interested, but give him a q-tip and he acts like he won the doggy lottery.
RT Repurpose articles into eBooks, videos, newsletters, and more to reach new audiences. The sky is the limit!
Salsa dance is on!
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
June 12th at Frontier Field!
What is your research focus in political science? Mine is political parties and election systems.
What would you like us to do?
#TheVoice all girls' hearts go to Blake. SICK. You are STACKED with awesome girls and have some pretty sweet guys as well.
curving bullets
Even the stars they burn. Some even fall to the Earth. We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
before we worry about inviting other schools, we need $$$, I don't care if it comes from highland middle school kids
#scalinginnovation asks #comm_college faculty: what have been your most useful collaborative & professional dvpt experiences?
what are u talking about
A second chance doesn't mean anything if you haven't learned from your first mistake.
like an hour its like closer to Manhattan
Guess what I got and you guys should too???? 's new song I Can't Breathe(; #CheckIt On iTunes
Math is...boring
We are very excited to announce the last bar on the list: Back by popular demand...we're going to Farragut's! A map is forthcoming.
well it's still technically morning at that time. what would you prefer, good day? lol
Thanks for stopping by my DJ booth !
Feeling a lil better bout u not texting me back! RT : left my phone at home. Feel naked without it. Oh well.
Blake griffin and chris humphries look so much alike.
Happy #MothersDay to the best woman I've ever known.
Why the fuck am I listening to this convo. A bunch of straight men are talking about what Disney princess they wanted to fuck?? Seriously..
I think you missed "15". :p
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .....
vampire diaries.was ridic...I shed a tear...can' wait until the next show...woo!
#Kobing right there.
I need to stop falling asleep in my day clothes, then I just wake up so stinkin' confused.
. meet RT What charity would come and pick up some stuff i want to give away today?
20mph all the way to Cal.... Yeah, thats how i drive haha
I hope you saw 3d. Wow! I loved it too. Fern gully on steroids!
Ah... Life is funny and it makes me laugh.
The quote "Good is the enemy of Great" was the best part of The Fashion Show tonight from Bazaar Harper's editor.
Trying to crack the code for what I did after the bar last night. First clue, all of my right shoelaces are gone. I'm on the chase!
I'll be back in Los Angeles next week-if anyone needs Biz Ideas, Stories, Funny Stuff or help with Media Projects DM me.
school is hella empty for it to be 7:30
to work on his music and career
the legal side of this is fascinating. I agree--I'm sure the rules of the game will continue to change...
Happy hour starts at noon in California, Ends around 10-11pm. Biz is good, all things considered. Up and down. You?!
Already crying. fuck you The Notebook
Ready for Spring Break...but first a First Grade Dr. Seuss play to attend!
No excuses, No apologies.
It's interesting how difficult challenges don't seem so difficult when an #agile team is willing
The NHL network is great, showing the LA Kings/SJ Sharks shootout. Sharks win at 1:12am in East. Kings are good, Anze Kopitar is a stud
I believe the world has become so over populated that soulmates are just harder to find.
Hey Josh I just wanted to let you know that I loved you in the hunger games and all your other movies follow me please!! RT ?!?!
RT If you really think about it, James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman tickling each other would be pretty much the greatest thing ever
dang, when i saw #uncharted3 trending, i thought it was referring to the awesome song..i dont even know what show that is
Hopefully, we win the next 2, and it doesn't come to that :)
beautifully, suddenly: home improvement
hah omg me to i cant wait to see the boyz ^.<3
Do you know the dates? My BFF has been thinking about renting a room in her awesome apt on First Hill.
Damn come on now! Find some energy from some where!! Shut that shit down you can do it.
CANT WAIT
Thanks to the #ACA, over 5,000 young adults under age 26 in #MN05 now have health insurance. Are you one of the 5,000? Tweet us your story!
Joh 3:17 For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but so that the world might be saved through Him.
everyone needs to follow and see what he's doing for kids with cancer. wonderful cause!!!
ITS ALL A BOOBY TRAP!
Webbie gone be in Milwaukee June 1st me and the ladies gota go!
If you are given all the signs to take action, what more does it take to get to satisfaction.
I have the most amazing family<3 they are the best support team in the entire world.
If you have ideas, please let me know!
Great idea! RT : Wondering what to post on social media? says: ask your followers what they want to see?
Stay hydrated today by joining us for All Night Happy Hour starting at 4:00pm...
#YouveDoneItToo pretended like Alicia Keys was calling you on that "You don't know my name" song!
up too early guess i just smoke dis purp
I'm in a store called Cowpokes and I've never seen so many cowboy boots in my life!
MOM: I like your pimple. I think it's very becoming. (ME: [aside] yea, ok mom.).
The fact that I can be so far from home and still get so much work done shows how far we have come. So easy to remain connected/productive.
bruh I get half the shyt they get bruh u would faint if u seen how meny polos they had in the closet
We hope everyone is having a safe and productive Spring Break!!! Make sure to keep the children involved so they stay out of trouble!!!! :)
Oh, that's cool.
HEY!! RT : I was informed by you to tweet you #UCTour Hi Shayna & company!
I mean, I can smile, and text other guys, but you're always in the back of my mind.
Worth every penny RT : HBO Sports got 1.5 million pay-per-view buys for Mayweather-Cotto, generating $94 million in revenue.
if you aren't following yet, Please Do!
#MolonLabe Sat. in Lincoln, NE. Very happy with the boys thus far. Knock down the wall brick by brick, get yourself a bigred brick Sat
I am sitting in the back seat of my car for only the second time.... Feels weird!!
starting to crave some chili cheese fries from del taco. where's a car and driving skillz when yah need em
Haha, what a great celebration.
Old skool is so lame
Bradford at home if he's healthy, Fitz at home, Tebow @ home...anyone else I'd imagine has to be rostered or really sucks
Oh Shit, iThink Projects are Due Today?!
#chrismedina here we go brother. The moment youve been waiting for.
": Is it wrong to be drunk on Easter Sunday?" Why do you think Jesus turned water into wine..
#20ThingsAboutMe #7: I like chill/worldly/lounge-type music
The Gotham Jazzmen are off today, but will be back here swingin NEXT Tuesday, May 8 at noon!
#ConfessionNight I can CARELESS If i Have Friends! Long As I got My Fam. & Best Friend & My bae im good
I did that once with the same book!
Also, San Diego.
so freaking jealous. Have fun!
Giskin, and apps get a shout out at
reports:"Brandon Lloyd to the Rams."Guess if won't fail on his own, the Broncos will do all they can to help him.
Q6: usage down, excessive damage, redundancy, outdated, no longer fits collection policy, etc.
We'll have another email going out next week...you never know what kind of deal we might offer!
I never tweet anymore :\
I think that is too steep of a price. What do you think? 3 1st round picks and a 2nd? Wow.
I have heard alot about this place. Where is it exactly and what do you order? I am going to try it out soon!
I ain't got it like that pimp lol
it left the park fast!
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
You know what? fuck it. If you want me in your life, let me know. Bye.
lol you are awesome. Thank you!!!
You folks make a mean chili!
Take that Wilt Chamberlain! : Charlie Sheen has had sex with 5,000 women.
Adopt a puppy is more like it (no available cash). How would you pronounce #MkeNerd?
iigh come on imma spark it off
Flip-flop Mitt is rebranding himself as Mr. Consistent? Really? He could run as a poor, thoughtful, Asian woman, but that don't make it so.
MY BIG BRO ACTUALLY THOUGHT CHAD JOHNSON'S BIRTH NAME WAS CHAD OHCOCINCO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LMFAO
hmm...We're brainstorming good ideas for Park(ing) Day here at GBA. Anyone have a good idea for a Green Park(ing) Spot?
Chromo-lithographs from Duruy's History of Rome available soon!
I'm surrounded by morons.
yeah amazon most likey going to have thier cd on there thats good thing about amzon.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the #FREE #Health & #Fitness Expo in Look for the booth!
Tweet me your tmblr name so I could follow you
As Nutter prepares budget, unions close in on 3 years without a contract Philadelphia's 12,500 nonuniformed city employees have been work
True story --> RT : Pitches need to be better articulated to stand out. What is the REAL problem that they can solve?
New shorts ☑- spring time floral print fresh haha 🌹❤
#20ThingsAboutMe I have to listen to Jazz music on Pandora to fall asleep.
i dont no south carolina got a team
thanks Sam! It means a lot.
#TheWantedInWisconsin One Direction take notice
My thoughts and prayers are with the lowe family!
Happy Mothers Day to the Beautiful Moms out there.
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: on Dmand Webinar www.Video-TV-Email.com
happy mothers day
I use to get them in the middle of the night , they ain't no hoe foreal
perfect. I work until 4.
Wish I had gas to go! I so would
Smh I low key wanna go home
Why is Larry King tweeting about mayonnaise?
What ever happened to music with meaning? That feel good.. touch my soul , I wanna fall in love/ make love music?
Hello. #Phish changed my life
Thanks so much! I launched it just recently & appreciate the comment. :)
Shake your rump beastie boys
I feel like an anthropologist today--spending the afternoon at a engineer-dominated conference on cloud computing.
Ok course. What questions can we answer?
Hey Andre, Question does Dual Monitor View require more bandwidth that single monitor
Hi! You can join the group on LinkedIn or follow us on Twitter. We have events once per month. We would love to have you!
YES! But it's not illegal to kill roosters!
Sent from heaven! Keisha Cole
I don't even think you have to apply; it's just given as a reward for being chair
Have faith in me
“: Just drank a red bull so I can say up late and listen to and #BFFsInMyHead” yay!
Everyone Go follow !! shes new to twitter and the most amazing person ever!
Yes, will be rectifying this situation over the weekend
Gearing up for our show tonight at The Hidden Castle in Norman, we're opening for our buddies Gunship. Be there.
wasted inning there !!
Anyone making special munchies for today? ?
that happened to me at JT concert. must be a quest tradition.
Do you have any links or books for mobile web design best practices?
Our chili con queso restaurant opens next week!
Roberto Mancini is going crazy!
are we still supposed to go straight to the library for Latin?
He gas to. Ask Bob Ortegal. “: doing MAJOR control damage on the ticket. Sad 2 see him turn N2 a Mark Cuban puppet.
About to start a new project: One Choral Album a Day. Suggestions? (must be primarily choral, must be digital)
Doing double duty for MDA!
: You are quite funny. Loved London and miss it. Lived in Hampstead with the best of London's rock n roll
Off bright and early to set!
Im gone...
O don't u just love family event hah not today is gunna b hell
:) Idk if I'll make it to the conference but if I do I'll pass along any neat things I find to you!
Happy Valentines day and Go Hogs, and Go Pack Go!!
Terrible start to the 3rd. You cannot let OKC get a big lead.
All of the other program proposal processes are the divisions' and each has its own tiimeframe, deadlines, & procedures.
Congrats, Harvey! RT Cool, I'm about to reach 6,500 tweets! See the rest of my stats at Twitter Counter: twtr.to/49h2
Need someone to go to the movies with me on saturday
Smiles are contagus one leads too another
I just submitted my case, be jealous!
follow the
only when used correctly lol
My main betch comes home today!
This weekend has been draining but I am hoping that this coming week is much better.
Thanks for listening! I still love you. Especially when you keep booking Sharon Van Etten :)
I will pray that you can walk in heels quickly. May God's love and goodness be seen in your life. Blessings!
Like 5…… jk Um one downhill one freeride and one bmx, I traded my cross country bike for a motorcycle :D
"Too much car."
Spinning Live from the Clevelander rooftop in Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com, watch me live or better yet...come by.
Having friends that can relate to you.
To pick up these broken pieces till I'm bleedin' if that will make you mine.
Early start for an exciting day shooting with ! #cannotwait!
keep your head up you are amazing and gorgeous! You are a role model to so many!<3
A joke dies. Kudos for the clean Hammer & persuasive critique of MLB. Compelling presser. RT Ryan Braun says he's never had an STD
Most of the tweets on my home page are Birthday Wishes to honestly he has one of the best fan bases in the world #Beliebers <3
my 40Glock put a big nigga to sleep tellm dream on
I was sitting here thinkin bout and then the Yoko video came #whatTHATmean ?
Cubbies game tomorrow with my fave !!!!!! EEk!!!!!
Dean! you know why I did that right
...let's do this thing tonight, baby!
The only way of erasing reminisces of the past is to create more memorable experiences. Chás This...
RT If we change how we perceive ourselves, maybe it will change how we perceive the world. original
#10ThingsIWantToBuy an underground road that is a straight shot to were I'm going
Happy Halloween!
like how u r Not following me thats y u didnt get my dm
Inventory is now available. Join our full screen interactive iPad platform located at major hotels. Ground floor opportunity.
I really wanna talk to my boo thang tho!! Lol
Chuck Norris ain't got nothin' on Patrick Swayze in a knife fight...JUST SAYIN'!
hahahaha that's funny, and very convenient for the current situation.
Still love my best friend 😄
so you support getting your pay cut 1000%? Good for you! You must not like the right to vote either.
do you already use WordPress or are you new to it?
no you don't nikki! do you?):
U think they sound alike? Maybe a little...
But he had me laughin & happy
I just want to see you cause i miss you!
#10thingsthatilike 5 being one direction and 10 being food random but so true
Lady embrace your curves.....you're sexy
IKR! I did too! That was really sad!
My path is made of century old bricks, rescued from the demolished 1910 bank vault. Roses cascade over odds & ends of mismatched iron. Lucky
In the past 17 years or my schooling.. i have become quite efficient at writing a book report without ever reading the book!
I Can't Wait To See on #RipTheRunWay!!!! #Progression !!!
Follow so she can get to 1,000 followers :D!!!!!!!!!
You too?! What a game!
I wanna have a girls night out sometime real soon! Im tired of bein bored out my dame mind!
Do you think MDX should be spending so much money on landscaping highways? I don't know the numbers, but they must be real big.
I can't deal with weak ass people... I was in a 3rd world country, you wanna see stress? Misery? GO THERE! Life isnt that bad! I promise!
I failed.
It takes great love and courage to excavate buried dreams. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
this information is from Morgan Stanley Research
listening to the rebirth
You're no good for me,but baby , I want you,I want you.
I think you meant genteel, not gentile as in non-Jewish
Wonderful visit from Ms. Doudican's Project SHARP class (Sapulpa PS). I think there may have been a future librarian or 2 in that group!
Bye twitter, ima go and cuddle up next to my mom and watch a movie. (':
It'll b incredible how much cheese & chile I will be consuming on #CincoDeMayo I'll forgo ProsRanch & ElMesquite & hit SamsClub this year.
haha YES! Definitively made my morning. Gonna try to find a 1 of those bumblebee headband things. Ill wear it for fun, at parties.
Take a hint, unconvincing pimp guy, she's just not into this whole prostitution thing!
On the way to the new Sam's...yes they have finally added another much needed adult fun thing!
wishing a very happy birthday to digital guru !
No, and we're going to roast this afternoon! It was suppose to be cloudy today. :(
Mood: Happy ;)
somewhere wolfgang schauble is laughing manically
Finally almost at 1000
dude, did you find your balls yet?
NEW look for the website check it out baltimorebocce.com.. sign ups start March 1, 2010
i'm about at the point where i say 'melt the ice. fire the coaches. trade all the players and re-boot in september.'
yeah you've lived in Pamdale your whole life?(:
Ohh Ria.. u ain't gonna move out of house. ONE bag is enough..
I unsuccessfully reported a stolen license plate. After waiting a half hour, and watch 900 police officers ignore me, I left.
yep. i totally do.
aw we wanna try it tomorrow lol
"Get off my property!" "Nan, it's just monopoly!"
"I would be warmly snow-bound in my Yosemite cabin with plenty of bread and books." -#nowreading John Muir
Didn't cut the commercial.
Im sure u do
Dont put gas today.
Sweet! Thanks for the #FF!
I got a text from that guy I dated for a hot second saying "I love, love, love Stefon" and I was like "I love, love, love you."
Evasion will get you everywhere.
Dat #Ups Package Finally Came Taday Can U Say Mo Power Fa
I tend to impress people with my card-making skills. Absolutely priceless for family
It's snowing! Come on down and grab a glass of vino and sit by the fire! Urban Enoteca 4130 1st Ave S, Seattle, WA
I love your job! How fun! Know all the words!
Yes I'm sure, just had my breakfast so ;) & haha silly girl & well let me check your background for a sec ;) xo
All four candidates criticized Walker and promoted themselves. No blows/criticisms thrown at each other yet.
Three is the best.
Not my favorite day
thanks so much, we had a great time!
#ThePersonYourTextingWithDoesNotKnowYourLying When they send you something but you just say lol and you know your not really laughing.
Taylor swift is a bad bitch
Amen MT This is my mantra Just think of how awesome the world would be if every relationship started out w/ someone helping some1
Another plate in that sink could be dangerous, but don't worry we've got you covered at www.Straight2YourDoor.com
spiteful ppl <<<
sorry P, been very busy. will email you
Watching House Bunny on Easter, this seems appropriate.
ARIANA IS OUR ONLY SHORTY THOUGH. I love you <3
Lurve Flipboard! I can see it is changing my twitter/rss habit completely
I want to follow me
Halloween or Dia de los Muertos?
Headed to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, never been in a hurricane before...
Yeah, wouldn't hurt my feelings to see an upset, but I doubt it.
": True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not."
the good old invite to non-existant after parties at the house
LastKingsDesigns gone have jersey's & baseball tees?
following back:))
At the party, lets go brew crew! Hellas stuffed from the best food:)
How do you say what you're about to say differently knowing that your audience could turn it off right away asks
i produce.
....silly Kelsey....Casper's not Asian. Bahaha
but always professional 😜
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
Just had a great lunch at Inspiration Kitchens. Sorry to miss you .
"Remain vigilant and participate at the ballot box... It's up to all of us to organize like we've never organized... And restore WI values."
MUSIC/SCORE: T-Bone Burnett and Stephen Bruton, Crazy Heart Runner-up: Alexandre Desplat, Fantastic Mr. Fox
I've stopped caring if people call me a freak. Have you been to a party in the Hills? EVERYONE there is a freak.
“ New STD called, "feelings". Don't catch that shit.”
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. -- Pope John Paul II
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. Amy Tan
Because Im About That Life .
Al winners please Direct Messege me your Address's Next GIveaway is at 1500!!!!!!
Looking for a PR pro for month long project; could lead to full time position. Interested? Know some1 that might? E: .
YES thank you!! :-) “: #NowPlaying "You Get Me" Download available on iTunes. Great stuff,,check him out.”
Depends, if its a single point of failure in a time crunch its more acceptable than code in a green pasture with no constraints
Atlanta loves your music!
I try girl!!
History Professor
hates daisy dukes and bikini's on top. Totally un-Californian. Just time for him to switch states.
Kindness is gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. -Henri-Frederic Amiel
like a spot up front? Party favors?
I'm at Hoboken Pie trying out the vegan pizza. Come on down! Red River & 8th
Good news at last!! (sorry my apartment's too small for me to sigh in relief out loud)
the white guy is a professional wrestler (Rowdy Roddy Piper)
We just performed at #capfringe2011 festival!! We had a good time. I hope you did too!!
ARE YOU READY FOR #PhlirtyFridays? Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!! Rt
Ive never had a problem sleeping one the plane but I am still exhausted. I have been up since 430 to catch my flight.
The UK Mockingjay release date is same as US. Sadly, the rumor of an earlier release is not true.
Where does the whiteness go when snow melts??!! ⛄➡➡💦
thanks! It's my next session--it was my fave session from last year
A succulent, fuzzy one, more like it. ;-)
A new TVD
Well when you put it that way..... lol! :) <3
Not ready for Monday!!!...
shoutout happy bd
Happy Birthday !!!
I learned a lot about the art of a good presentation. I though the doula was so powerful using one narrative as a through line.
One of my co-workers told me to be gOod over the weekend. And I told here nope I'm a
Haha oh yeah
Our thoughts are with Virginia Tech
I'm liking this place, kinda empty & the music is soft. Bar Keeper is cute. He called me lovely when asking my pleasure. One glass then home
Diamond Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening Serum&Gold Peel off Mask only 300 K. Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.
I find it funny that some people will actually pay $$$ for followers…
"When a splitter goes down, that's good" - Tim McCarver a few years ago
Sleep over party! This is gonna be a fun night
Yesterday, we had to say "nearly 10,000 registered users on Urban Employ." Today, we can say "over 10,000 registered users!"
I love St.Josephs day.The marching parades&the Mardi Gras Indians.One of my favorite celebrations here.
Bucket seats or get in some snuggle time on a big ole bench seat?
Omg... I remember when I met #HubeyBrown in #Memphis when I was doing my intern at
Lets Start a Trend!!!! #RealNiggas!
Sometimes I wish people came with subtitles.
yep, got a bunch of those here too.. just ignore it
I get WAY too excited about making graphics in PowerPoint
toppers. Had you said toppers I would have called it in and we could have stayed and drank, dummy!
I GET TO GO HOME, school is over! That makes me so happy!
what is the meaning of 5 de mayo
*sweet not sweer i dont even know what sweer is O.o
You raised me, you paid for me to go to college. Sorry that didn't work out
Someday your prince charming will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
My brother eats all of our food!
SOPA and PIPA are not the answer please keep the internet a place that can freely exchange information and ideas.
Day two of the #girlstourney is complete. Lakeville South moves on over Roseau by a score of 5-0.
just you wait! you usually sleep thru the good stuff. not this time!
Also The Sports Club/LA is pleased to extend three one-month memberships to Baku Sunset members.
Preparing for the league of dorks baseball draft this weekend in LV. 9 of 10 owners will fly in. Some I haven't seen in ten years
"SHUT UP were rocking out to some Jason Aldean" haha good times
Neither does Chris Webber and he's a great analyst.
Christopher Plummer delivered a great acceptance speech. Billy is kickin' it!
#NFLX Hastings: 'Incredible breadth' of library still key to appeal, rather than new releases
Right! So if I read two books a day for the rest of year, I should totally be caught up on my To Be Read list.
lmfao ikr u can tell her ass is fake her hips were movin but her ass cheeks weren't ahaha
Shame to see Carp be the final out. #Mariners were awful and will get the 3rd pick. Definitely made the most outta the year.
Needs to get back to his acting and writing career. Got caught up in my current job and it's not what I love doing.
Quality pocket awareness from Rex Grossman.
Women should know the secret to a man's heart is through his stomach.
That's called reconnaissance.
Sorry to anyone who got tweeted about weight loss crap. A follower had their acct hacked
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Marcos!
We hear you talking, but no one is listening. Everything you've said and have to say has already been said. So, what's the point?
hello pork chops
Same nigga that I always been
Trouble by Coldplay . learn it . play it
Long work day, tired
i once had a child come into the library and her name was Azriel. This girls mother named her after SATAN.
We're waiting! Can we request "Under the Sea"?
Wtf my twitter keep saying forbidden when I try too follow people back - O_o !( 😳 )
- WOW! Super interesting and ironic! Thanks a lot, sir! I think I would say I am in boat 3 on this one… What do you think doc?
RT : This presentation is egg-citing!
a former colleague who works in the bldg now says it's biden
Nothin like listenin to In The Ghetto by Elvis in the mornin driveB
Live TwitChat w/ at #SuperBowlMkting. Talk #SB45 /ads/ endorsements. #OctFC Send questions and join in!
is a follow to much to ask? xx 4
Monday, Monday, Monday...let's do this.
that's very generous of you.. I find them all shrill & a bit panicked.. A symptom of hyperbole addiction.. Sad.
I use to b a LeBron fan, but dat Nigga is a bitch
That is a seriously talented school! So much hard work & dedication by all...so good to hear!
Like, three people today have told me that my hair is pretty :) Lovin' it!
He uses twitter so little I don't even know his name yet...
Dagga Dagga mic check!!! Swing through on a whim, on a bike, on a magic carpet. Weez eezy babeez.
“: hell yeah.. Cause he's a bad ass! #southernthing #rockonbaby” what would be a "good" ass?
i need a massage, like badly!
we have had scholarships open to grad students. just not this one.
Wait...tonight's the NFL draft?
Someone farted in my yoga class while downward facing dog. Totally wrecked my
I was being funny...I will def check em out. RT : It was a book first. There are three books I believe. SO GOOD.
HELP! I have a great little book, "The Seasoned Personality". Having a hard time selling. Humbly asking for your HELP!
Two Trailer Park Whores go Around the Outside, Around the Outside, Around the Outside ! #EminemMoment xD
Going to be playing some cash game action tomorrow.
It's not too bad! I like it!
Hope you sleep tight and dream of more than just sheep ;)
Simply gorgeous. The workmanship from the seventh century is unbelievable.
hope today is a blessing because lastnight wasnt </3
That was ambush radio at its finest. I stopped listening at the break. He wouldn't let you answer anything. What a douche.
I know a Director who would disagree. She thinks the"real" part is just that. Real emotion is what Actors should observe.
Time to go to the new dentist...who happens to be a past client. He'll be sticking sharp objects in my mouth...hope he likes his house!
I don't steal. Anything. Ever. I have way too strong of a guilty conscience. Plus anything i'd want I could just buy...
In addition to our downtown dining specials, we're offering a free appetizer buffet during our happy hour!
what was the first song you learned on guitar?
informally outline ideas or quickly write down words that come to mind
“: Right-to-Work means Right-To-Get-Screwed-By-The-Radical-Right.”
Who's up to go to a white sox game this summer?
when do I become mayor of threatville?
Follow for me?:)
It bothers me that a street-cleaner trucks or similar vehicles that drive like 5mph aren't using hybrid technology already.
love making music and love
monetizing 1 trillion in debt and only talking to the press about his NCAA bracket
Tomorrow night! Workshop with Anna Mikhed AND a social! What could be better?!?!
*smiling and waving* I'm awesome! How r u?
I swear to god my intentions were gold
By the way...taxes done (as well as balancing check book and other bookkeeping)! Gettin a refund. Winning!
Q2: Should we as ux designers push more sites to create mobile optimized versions? Why or why not?
