picnic, parade, or protest: what kind of are you?
Roberta Gets it DONE
Looks like 8 of 12 performers from last night's #theVoice will move on. I'm predicting Forest Lake-native Jordis Unga will make it through.
TRAFFIC: Multi-vehicle accident EB I-90 near High Crossing Blvd. Backups expected
Damn I love twitter- thanks always need more files!!!!
Pandora radio stations don't care about East/West Coast. You put in Tupac, you're gonna get a little Biggie too. Pandora... makin' peace.
Luckily I spent many years developing an immunity to iocaine powder...oh wait you said arsenic? Damn it!
#BornThisWayBallDates So close!!!
Apple customer service... 2 minutes on hold, quick resolution. Polite American voice on the other end. Time Warner... not so much.
FUDGE YEAH!!9
Well at least my eye looks a lot better!(:
Yeah, I wasn't fond of that one....
Just admit it -- you're all bored because you're waiting for Bachmanns response.
Any one can tell me about these food trucks in DC?
Kevin Gregg needs to go. The orioles should leave him in Toronto when the leave for Chicago.
someone really should do a kickstarter to get her parents from bogota to the olympics.
#aam2012 is complete - now off on a field trip with to Wisconsin!
I want to congratulate every couple that has gotten to the stage in their relationship where they just stare at each other in disgust.
Wanna see someone pretty? Look in a magazine. Wanna see someone beautiful? Look in the mirror.
thanks! love the concept of your gig! cheers!
Thank you for the rt about Forbes' piece. Very good series of articles, aren't they?
What a week. Came down to hail mary, now sad that we have to wait till sept for next games. 13 on NFLN will make up for it a bit!
got a lot on my mind , night twitter :3
Does anyone have an octane I can have?
One child asleep by 6:45. This feels like the old days.
m.... saturday mornings.....
thank you so much for everything you were great to our agency! you will be missed!
Good job, well done. My scripts lie safely nearly inaccessible on a floppy disc. The world a safer place.
Thanks Scott! :-D
I started dating my wife 10 years ago today. How cool!
Malibu's Most Wanted, funny shit
Granger on his 1-10 shooting performance: "I have to play in the system of our offense... I can't just catch the ball and hoist up shots."
Gald the Hornets had enough foresight to rid themselves of Chandler and Peja. God knows the can't contribute to a winner.
Hey sis - just saying hello! :)
I wanted to take the time today and Thank all of our service men and women on Veterans Day for their service to our country
I tell you this the cardinals should be thanking the Alanta Braves for them even making the playoffs
Wow seriously, these things had to happen to mee :/
At my desk. (@ Webb PR HQ)
Whats so bad about that?
next time I want a man to handle that job
If being #StraightEdge is lame then call me lame becuz the best thing about my days is reminiscing it all because I'll remember what matters
We are serious in LA about our june gloom!
Don't believe it. Houston continues to reign! ;-)
of course
TWEET ME 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' IF YOU LOVE AUSTIN (:
because they're ALL pigs! Like, its undeniable! All women must just now be gettin it tonight. Lol
STANs are funny online...but don't get it twisted-I will knock the STAN outta your STAN azz if you approach me in real life
Embrace The Martian.
Safe and fun, enjoyable travels, CJ!
your so adorable <3 how old r u? Let me guess 14 or 15? Haha
June 8th at House of Rock!!! VITAL REMAINS!!! Looking for locals!!!
This freakin sucks man!!!
woah... just picked up like 15 followers in 8 mins. you guys are so freakin' rad! welcome to the colony! :))
it'll be even better because he'll remember you too omg
Need 5 girls to work the Auto Show at the Jacob Javits Center, April 7th-15th..please send professional pics to
HELLO GORGEOUS! how have you been?!
Bored as Fuck :/
How do you manage being so fine?
On the grind Mondays. Get up Get out. Get somethin'.
biz is still growing, but we probably couldn't manage without Skype. =)
Do you work Friday? Heading to a morning bikram class downtown, care to join?
doing real great. Going to MMA right now
It's really cool when your mom tells you that your dads having surgery on a meniscal tear in his knee just a few minutes before the surgery
people that claim they're real usually aren't.
my 3 year old kept asking me why I was jumping in the house. So proud of our
60 days till June 1st when Spencer is due to arrive!!! Can't wait might have also found our own place finally!!! #LifeIsGood #Loveit!
You are one awesome broad, ... This broad knows!
Happy Birthday . My wife wants to have another kid and name it Darius.
thank you for your very gracious tweet about my transparency post, you are too kind.
Going for a workout to blow off some steam. Only hmu if you really need me
$50 gets you two winners this weekend. If I don't go 100% with at least two picks, 100% refund. Purchase one day $49.99. TopShelfBets.com
#rip to the bolt. She was a great car and friend
RT if you're passionately against
It's never easy to be chosen.
I lost my beer
"There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes w/ it." ~ Ovid, Metamorphoses... & we're all a little bit masochistic! ;)
Sometimes change really is a great thing! I'm happier as a parental partner than I ever was as a wife (for instance)
listen to our music:)
Don't wanna fall asleep cause I'd miss you baby...ah stuck in my head
who are the flyest of them all babe! *christina the cuban*
ace Ventura pet detective part 2.
We use to be so close now we don't even talk
... Another phenominal collection of B&W photographic art on the auction block at Artnet!
That's the same # that txted me O_o
. Great, thanks. COLLABORATE OR PERISH! was great fun to write. Hope you enjoy the read. Please let me know wht you think!
astro on the x factor.
Can't you get the same effect with per-project git config?
oh the sourdough why do you love me so!
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." He he he... :)
I could pass a sobriety test now.
that's really cool we need more people like u in this world...and ur picture is really cute 2;)
Farting in a quite classroom in the middle of a test...priceless
Would only recommend $.each if jQuery were part of core and js standards were to do things by common jQ patterns. Ease > speed
Thank you for following me.
whats good ....Send me a link to some of the new shit yall been workin on...
Wishing all our fans a Happy Good Friday, Easter Weekend & Passover holiday!
I think I've got a fan! ": Crushing on this comedian she's sexy and funny! Wish I could meet her #1LOVE”
"Life may not always be the party we had hoped for... but while we're here we might as well dance." - Great quote from an unknown author.
yea she said she needs time
Alternating between #StorageWars and #SOTU. I listen to Obama only when bids on a locker.
I'm sitting here wondering how they're going to design a roundabout for traffic on 16th Street, Georgetown and Crawfordsville roads.
Wanna show you how much......
UMM PIZZA :P
Gov Wallace's daughter was with us at the memorial to those who died in the struggle
how are you feeling? you can use the #zombiemoms tag to find other folks up for night feedings :)
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;)
I think I just read magazines for a wk after reading those two books. Very different, but that same kind of not wanting to end.
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
Can someone get the Yankees number against Porcello nd also who is hot nd not.
I hate the sound of kids .
Back to back PLYO X! That is the measure of my resolve. Nuff said...
At Getting ready for Wednesday. in the building!
First day back from vacation and my boss has a heart attack. Not the best way to start the work week
Setting up my new Droid Incredible & it only took 3 min from power on to hook up to Twitter. Incredible
An opera based on Anna Nicole Smith in London, & another performed entirely in Klingon in the Netherlands! Strange or pushing the envelope?
Hey Seattle - any ideas on event space to accommodate smaller parties? Say 20-30? Thanks!
I understand the need, but since gift giving is remote, online is better (send to destination rather than fly with)
Remember 80% of our vets Do Not have #PTSD. Vets are an outstanding resource for employers to draw on.
You my… you my… you my…
awesome, bring ur friends
is back on twitter. First time since 09. Worth the wait?
yea bout that...*scratches head...* lol jk
Actually it is man : not funny bro :p
I teach in my #Adidas and train in my #Reebok #Zigs. I really like the Zigs, but they are no good for dancing :-)
"Is it bad that I went to The Body Shop pretending I was interested but really I just didn't bring make up" -Jeci in
First Live Local weather team says we might see 6" to 9" of new snow at Mt Bachelor this week.
Nice job girls! RT : vote vote #vote for . it's your #civicduty ! and they did AWESOME TONIGHT! :))
Glad you feel welcome at #AribaLIVE. I just attended your session - so engaging, thanks for the insights!
running a 5K this coming Sunday! :)
Thank you for the website. I'll need that for backup...
“To move the world we must first move ourselves.” -- Socrates
but Jordan never played lax and 23 isnt a lax legends number
Twitter will never be the same again.
So far so good. Our weather team did a great job with it. Scary but important reminders.
"We're going to win every single game!" -Bill Murray . Talk about wishful thinking!
Hey , are you watching the end of the Brewers game, or the finish?
Wow! Look who tweeted me!! RT " Whoa. Those are from way back! :)"
Welcome to Twitter. Hows it treating you so far?
Annoying cell phone service. Pissed as a wait another week for my already 2 week late delievery.
If nothing else today I finally learned to pronounce Veolia today.
Playing with Ruby Kendrick tonight Diplo dance party to follow.
omfg thank you for this.
Is Infatuated with that woman in the red skirt yesterday!!
Excited for my birthday at tonight!!
no sorry
Sure. Thanks anyway! Would you be able to recommend anyone else at NY times who may also be interested in coming? Thanks! :)
I made this✌
The hardware & software to create the "Less Paper Office" is very basic: Scanner, Hard drive, Capture software and Doc Management Software
For participating in Movember come to any participating Kennedy's location to have your mustache trimmed for free!
It's all about accessibility not availability.
If you're framing our #Packers keepsake newspapers --- How can someone out of state get copies?
Correx: Our last reader today was Angela Penaredondo, whose poem "At the Concrete River" carries September-December 2010.
Peeps remember to check out iTunes this Friday for first single from debut album #Pink&Purple
With everything happening today, you don't know weather your comin or goin
That's horrible!!! 1st and 2nd with one out, get nothing!!
Wanna know what's really fun? Mixing food coloring into stuff--I'm making neon cookies!
No, he really kinda does kinda resemble Robert Pattinson. I had to Google that name. Save your mockery.
Hey, congrats on winning 's contest! Just holler if you have any questions. Happy shopping! :)
Trying to be positive, have had 6 avails since mid-November and 0 bookings. 1 more to go!
Steve Novak is
Took 2 years to get departmental project tracking spreadsheet enacted; weekly short status meetings on all projects only 2 months. Progress!
you guys are awesome. :)))
Anyone see Midsummer Night's Dream ? Thoughts?
the club go crazy on the original track, hope the remix is H.A.M #SLIGHTWORK Remix
Finally getting to do my lecture on Psychoanalysis. Yay!!!!!
Lower stress by changing your alarm. Softer sounds = less stress.
thank YOU for a thoughtful and inspiring chat. Heading out Sat. to pick up your new book.
Buying my mom a Mother's Day gift the day of..
100 niggas in the club with me like im 50#real ish#
Wish I could go tonight: MT: Unnatural Formations #opening #party 6-8pm Stephen Hilyard, Simen Johan & Lydia Anne McCarthy!
we want you at our show april 1st. how can I get you booked for the show?
No problem!
tigers back, here we go, hope all this bs spoken lately about him lights a fire
Ryan Seacrest signs a 2 year extention for American Idol... 15 million a year. Who says good things don't happen to good people?
Maybe because my dad calls me Monkeyhead?
Mf that try to hard to be funny lame as a bitch nobs
I just wrote this sentence: "I can't make it to the rainbow parade because I'm going on an underground urban waterways tour." Who am I?
Am wearing my dork shorts.
getting ready to celebrate el cumplea?os de Jackson at Tia's!
Wish I had my cord :{
So no flash on the iPad? That'll be kind of lame.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE!
Why yall drinking tonight save it for tomorrow RT : 1800, nuvo, and that bud tonight..........
Thank Jebus that new #Archer and new #ParksandRec don't cross the streams. Crossing the streams is bad, Egon.
If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place
I hate being hurried...
Life! For me is a road block can't be cool with everybody! Everybody not cool nomore!
I think Pinterest works well for gathering visual ideas, but Scoop.It works better for sharing articles & links.
looks like you should be folllowong
Thanks! It's cool how everyone has their own horse in this race. Mine's clearly a certain Brit sci-fi comedy adventure.
You too ! Hug the kiddos for me will ya?
oh my windows!! Cleaning windows for days at work today!
What are you up to tonight? We're at Cap Lounge.
- Lisa thanks for the retweet!
You have a ferret!?! That is SO cool! I want one!! lol grr I gotta go it was nice talking to ya again, bye!!! <3
Good luck on any exams you have this week! Study hard and don't get TOO stressed out :)
any time #Yankees amazing how right we were about Campos and Pineda...hm how bout those kids Montero and Noesi
Hope the weekend is going well! You still have 2 more hours to drop in for lunch! We will reopen on Monday December 26!
Any beliebers up for a trend?
Watching the Bet Awards with my wife. Now I know how she feels while watching sports with me.
Is anyone else as excited as I am that will be singing the National Anthem at the #Indy500 this year?!
I spent the morning looking for an ibrik
Next week on Who Do You Think You Are? Paula Deen finds out that one of her ancestors was a stick of butter!
No pic? Must be major to get you to tweet after more than two months.
Tomorrow's Tuesday! Take 10% off all livestock and small animal and bird supplies at any Burton's Total Pet location.
Harry styles <3
patty reading your tweets and Facebook makes me wish the AI family lived closer. I swear we are almost one in the same! Lol
Waiting for: The problem with being a tall infielder is that the ball has more space to find between your legs.
When the lady at the nail salon scrubs your feet and all a sudden your legs get mini seizures lol or is that just me? 😱
Lets go to london. I miss you debbie cake
Thanks Mary Beth - We wish you the best in 2012!
Why are you still awake?
Hey, thanks for the heads-up on this. I very much enjoy Hauschka's music, excited to hear him w/violinist. Cheers.
if what you got came just that easy, i don't want it - don't need easy, just possible
Biggest benefits of cultural heritage tourism are strengthening of local economies & preservation of a community’s unique character
RT : (reports from TX educ hearing): "Sikhism "must not be too major or we would have heard of it by now." Relig ignorance.
D11"the world's problems" have nothing to do with color of hair or strapless dresses
Been reading your column long enough.
bigger question is. What is your definition of "stash?" hm
Why the fuck u tryna PLAY ME!
I really wanna know right nawww! Pleasee
&Hannah you havent met these guys in person either,but you still consider them as your bf's.
“: Dying to see the A Tribe Called Quest documentary: Beats, Rhymes and Life....” that is worth a retweet...
Throwback word of the day: Yamps Definition - Young Tramps LM(Blowed)AO
Woohoo! Welcome! What language are you studying?
I shouldnt be a second choice or backup
is making a delicious dinner tonight with her Valentine :-)
Lol what's crazy is, the SAME people you guys talk about are the first people you tweet @ and bullshit with... Do y'all understand ANYTHING?
Still got it for ya
IF I RULED THE WORLD ID NAME AN ISLAND FOR YA
We don't dance, we gangster boogie. RT : Dance, girl, DANCE!!!!!
So I talked to my tax consultant and let's just say for what I spent on drinking out in 2011, I coulda bought the original General Lee
Always listen & never forget
Can't wait for work yeah I said it this had to be the worst weekend off
How bad does ur life to be to commit suicide
What about when you're drunk?
I love to write. What i really truly enjoy is inventing things, but who says "hey i want to be an inventor". I don't think i know anyone...
She's moving on! Stay tuned!
y'all good for eachother
Celebrating the 25th anniversary of #Robotech with some of the other voice actors tomorrow night for dinner. Should be fun
Dont worry bout a thing, every little thing gonna be alright -Bob Marley
hahah very true. Although its starts out interesting. And then we start talking about...well nothing...haha
At the Redemption's Cry and Right Hand Seated Concert at SCCC right now. Awesome stuff!
- sweet, that's what i'm going for.
...I wish pfft just wanted to be a smartass n blow u up
I Wonder How Long Its Gne Take!
lol mobile meat sounds like a catering truck business for some reason.
My reflection have a hard time bein me
It's Monday! What are you doing to uproot gender-based violence this week?
Mark Jamison, Capital One's MVP Digital Innovation Lab, gave an interesting keynote using Nell Carter to talk about user experience design.
“: Imagine how happy the fat guy who lifts his shirt up is right now” leave me alone.
ok now I see it I was expecting a Tebow jersey
Where did the sun go?
no its 9:59pm 1 more minute and off to bed. :// ehhhhh oh well im tired anyway. :P
Just learned intern joining & this summer
that nigger can rap
Tell that to the gazillian 16 year olds getting addicted to it this second.
I hate having gym first period I really don't wanna go lol
"Nerd paradise" sounds awesome. I'll be stopping by.
YES! snowboots and cocktail dresses
U know your head hurts when last night you told the waitress she was doing a greet job
As a fan of the scream franchise I'm trying to drunk reason which is better. 3 or 4?
- here in the States it happens this Sunday 2am, however they don't change in Mysore, right?
Thank you! So nice to meet you too! RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by #elleandjae at
Survived a wild night of storms, and it's time to celebrate that Get to a campus to see why God wants to use you!
Anyone can make you happy by doing something special, but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.
No, agrees with you.
RT : Clearly, the Senate is playing hardball.
"woman, I wish she were mine. For her breath is as sweet as the dew on the vine."
whos glad that its the weekend???? i am!!!
Maybe so you don't accidentally hit SET while driving. The chances of accdtly hitting ON - SET in that order are much lower.
Wow wade how do you miss that
Get ready for Yesterday at the Smiling Moose in Southside with MCSA and Call to Attraction on Saturday October 9th!!!
playing golf on a beautiful Friday afternoon.
“: I'll lick on her body.”freaky ass nigga lol sound like me
"I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights."
That point where a sponge stops absorbing water. Metaphor to my mood.
And you! Keep fighting the good #equity11 fight
“ “ When you grow up you see alotta shit different””
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. -Napoleon Hill
When the table next to me at the coffee shop is making NEIGHING NOISES, it's time to leave. That is not helping me learn stats.
RT : I'm going to the goodwill to get my ugly Christmas sweater now before they're all out! (You better HURRY!)
i have a strong ass gut feeling
That's it. I'm bringing back the Flash intro.
Going downport with my family for Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's :)
evening Thitia.. hope your day was a good one..
Happy 28th Birthday to the one and only, Aaron Rodgers! Putting the finishing touches on your cake! I know you'll love it. #GoPackGo!
go tp Bethlehem Steel in Batimore, Maryland. Lots of death unrecored. I know someone that died there. Traped souls, and coverups
Biden is great, like that uncle everyone loves in your family. He didn't know us, he had somewhere to be, but took the time.
and even happier you mentioned "Brave".
Nobody likes Mondays !
thanks for pimpin this tweet! :)
If pocahontas and the smurfs had babies, the result would be avatar...
T1: Well professionally we are on 5 social networks. , , , (new) and
I know, I've been listening to it all day!
You know you got the short end of a trade when you end up with Kwame Brown
Wouldn't it have been cool if appeared on the field after the 1st blkout then disappeared in the 2nd like The Undertaker?
Thank you! RT Congrats! That means In june you will be welterweight champion!
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!
Just found out that Laci Green and Jenna Anne are going to , and now I really wish I could go. Alas, Leakycon calls.
It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute. Lillian Hellman
#Mauritania owes #France, #Libya will need to offer good deal to get #Senussi. Deal w/ #Sarkozy likely already done.
you'll rethink that when you have a phone interview and the quietest room on campus doesn't have a phone jack.
Cuttin my circle of friends, less bullshit this way.
nice meeting u last night! Fun show ;)
great! We will! Happy moving
you never talk to me anymore...
You can make a skin difference...antioxidant serum, sun block am and restorative Retin A or growth factor products pm....simple as that!
Mysteriously sexy and beautiful NaLee2010.com check it out!!!
Great to see fellow innovative leaders & representing the entrepreneur community.
Is #studyabroad your dream but you don't know how to afford it? Check out - scholarships for US undergrads
In 5 Days #Fan4Life Tape Drops!
Haha! It was fun! -- chriss RT : had fun @ the event with mr & mrs lon!
Deal. And I promise to have better schedule next weekend for long run!
#rain rain go away I have #ColoradoRockies tickets today!!
yeah! your awesome fans reminded me! :) I've been amazing... how r u?? You should come back to LA with !
watching On H.B.O Funny.
Welcome moto-crossing musical writer princess!
only You Can Stop me Otherwise Its Sad
bowling tonight!
Serendipity means reading about Durer's "Adam and Eve" yesterday and seeing it in the Block Museum print show today.
1879: First Dallas telephone installed btwn fire station & Browder Springs pump house. More water pressure to fight fires!
We value something only when we lost it...
I've followed the commentary for some weeks now, but also laid back in the cut & waited to make my own decision.
Funny how Victoria Justice is the main character in Victorious but it seems like Ariana Grande is a lot more successful.
me too!:) and nope haven't seen it yet:)
Played a great game of golf today #perfect day
Too Easy! RT : Kids these days have it so easy. I mean, for starters, their sweatpants have pockets.
Rick. Shaw.
#hth2012 Donaldson really good thoughtful discussion on issues of imposing global ontology standards on local meaning. More colonialism?
Yes, I'm freaking out. Yes I'm scared. But I'm also one of the strongest girls you will ever meet. So I am determined to get through this.
Game day! Who's coming out to watch take on FC Dallas at #LSP at 6 p.m.?
lol all the black people
Still up studying:/
Lets all do what we can to help those who are being attacked by the Queensland floods!
game 6 of the 1st round equates to the superbowl?
recording a couple of Sam's Club radio spots downtown today....always a pleasure...except the traffic getting there....
and by the way I think it's absolutely adorable how you tweet about hannah. Adorable.
same to you biaaa !
in the fall and spring we stressing bout grades.... in the summer we stressing bout getting jobs!
#18conf Brian Samuels issues us a challenge to focus our practice on social and emotional well being of children
Thanks Joe, I finally got in... Hopefully my loss of a Klout point just now wasn't because I was complaining? LOL!!!
You still have a few hours left to catch 1/2 price burger night - buy a side or soda (get a beer!) and your burger is 50% off!
Special flavor in honor of St Paddy's: Guinness inspired gelato! limited quantity- Happy St Paddy's!
Today has been a day full of waiting on clients, which usually means a night of acting on last minute feedback
i want traveling to be a part of my career
what show was it for? my cave of an office in my apt could really use some sprucing up, i think this poster is gonna do it
Chicago "vc funding" events = service companies looking for business
Please follow Von Miller Hes a crack up.
I'm excited to see what's going on with Jackson! & Lydia!
Specials on Patches available at Galaxy Digitizing ..... Don't miss out. Email: or
"Live every day as if it's Leap Day, and every Leap Day as if it's your last." Leap Day William
Sorry about the PMs. I was hacked. No one said anything bad about you in any blog I've read.
ROFLcakes. :P Indeed. Negative points for Aaron's "authentic" pronunciations, too. Bonus: pissing off Conant or Zakarian.
Still looking for a half day tour? Check out You'll love this impressive 200-acre family-owned organic dairy farm
Getting guys has never been an issue for me... My issue is realizing when I have one that's worth it!!!!
I'm the grinch who stole Christmas
Shortys is on 2nd between bell & Blanchard. See u there?
Is it too late for a do over on Obama? I mean really...The gulf is ruined, no new jobs, and he's still cramming his agenda down our throats.
Our plan was to relaunch on the last day of the month. Until now, no one noticed January has 31 days. Relaunch date: January 31
“ I look at a bitch face before I look at her ass..”
whys he gonna say no? :(
Of course, if hadn't gone home to retrieve my lucky headband for me, the Caps wouldn't have won at all.
awh ok, I feel u
no ... just taking a little hiatus.
Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.
I'm a huge fan of the 100% Argan Oil. On my face, it absorbs fast & is so luxe. Still figuring out how much to use in my hair!
What happen to Wade tonight, thats what happens when you sacrifice your great talent for LeBron smh
We will be there. will be participating. Email if you have more details! andrew [at] simplegeo.com
assuming our time was two years ago...
Thanks for the mention. We just started following your pins, great work.
glorious day at #NewarkShow, everything went smoothly, come along tomorrow and see for yourself! well done to all involved
You need a mentor who will be honest with you. You need to seek a mentor at every turn of your career as you move through your prof life.
small room, butt load of people, sweet hangs, and dennys after, you can't go wrong
WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT!?
for the follow! Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Seriously my mom calls me for the dumbest of things
I'm obsessed with Publican Quality Meats: amazing food, people I love, and eye-candy butchers.
I'm ready
See, the reason that I swear so much is because FUCK YOU.
if was a chick, it'd be a 10. Joomla is like a 3. Concrete is like a 6. Scrive is 1.
old is right!! Haha
I am good watch ya doin
I got to let the cleaning lady in to clean our room!
Arsenault says #UNICEF has been targeted when seen as part of a broader goal/system and end up in wrong place, wrong time.
i can get you?
FOOD FACTS! Celery requires more calories to eat and digest than it contains.
Hit a HR in my softball game and followed it with an immediate major league bat flip. Not sure if I'm embarrassed or proud
#ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more? Braun or Ramirez?
you know you loved TEXAS! Follow us pretty please, darlin'? xoxox
Who thinks the Nuggs gonna complete the upset tonight?
The sexy legs in the pic belong to Nora, my husband's girlfriend. She's a sexy pinup girl!
who is this?? And where is Robb??
Thanks for all of your comments on #BankTransferDay story. Watch Fox at 10 to see them.
Man! I was housing to a mix, and when he was walkin over my way I thought a battle was going to happen
Which will prove more historically significant? The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
About to start my interview for my 2nd job. Hopefully it's quick, so I can go to my 1st job.
how I felt last night 🚀 >
I been good,and yes im still in Memphis
I don't want #oomf to got to college! ):
I can be your motivation <3
um no. You still do that. Toes mend, precious bottles of booze break and spill their beautiful innards all over the floor.
Our soccer tournament has been MOVED to June 25-26! Sorry for the change of date, we hope you'll make it out!
It's scary how well you know me already.
My Bond Villainess name has been chosen. Anya Balzac. Thanks for playing.
It lists books about International Relations. Great books of academia aren't just for English class!
Just letting you know..I'm going to kiss you. You're going to be caught off guard. You'll be fine. It's going to be great. Soon. Very soon.
because you didn't meet Harry!
Wow, where did the night go? News then bed! Night all.
Thanks to anyone who bought Beyond the Summit after the free promo. It's now #99 in all sales for Action and Adventure on amazon.
Something weird is going on today .. Seriously everyone is being friendly to me and ..
:( ima miss you ' have a nice flight
I don't get to eviscerate anyone today (in the script!) but still some fun scenes coming up.
New has over half as many questions after two weeks as to date. More a matter of good interface than of community?
#SaySomethin on replay because i cant get enough of it! Im so proud of you! <3
CAN YOU GET HIM TO BUY ME ONE 2
plus your heels your taller then Johnny >_<;;
No teacher ;)!
Damn right Celtics is making a COMEBACK!!!!!!
Have you ever stepped back and realized how much you're hurting me?
Former Florida governor, Jeb Bush endorses Tommy Thomson for U.S. Senate.
- here is some more, from OKLAHOMA!! Love love love!
oh i know i know
I also noticed one popular shop not carrying any local dance records. They had other labels, but none from this town.
me too, once she picked up, i was like oh shit, wrong number, lolz
Scouts oust lesbian mum
drats you're a Laker fan. My heart is broken 
is having major technical difficulties this week. Hang on, we'll let you know when we're back.
I am all sorts of tired and pissed. Can't believe I am up this early on a Saturday. Ashton betta come out cuz I think I'm getting punked
Has anyone done a "You and I" mashup with and ?
A huge THANK YOU to Tim Phillips for leading one of the most OUTSTANDING workshops ever given for actors!!
pleasure gettin' drunk with ya brother
they should totally repurpose that for some museum shop product. Or even a museum logo. "We eviscerate the bunnies"
We're looking for 1 or 2 more songs to round out our holiday set list. What do YOU want us to sing?
RT : Smdh... RT So you just gonna act like Miami didn't beat Duke at Cameron Indoor on Sunday....Aight
It's cool how me and live near each other! Hey u got FB?
Holy F! My dropbox just went from 5.5gb to 8.8gb out of nowhere
absolutely! I'm pretty open. Just let me know.
Nothing like a regrettable wake-up call from life to make you question how you make use of your potential.
thank you <3
I could have been done with that a lot sooner if I hadn't already written my speech on the wrong topic.
House Education Committee meeting to vote on large omnibus education bill. Committee substitute includes HCS for HB 1228 on charters.
3 Chipotle burritos in 24 hours. Is that safe?
#muchoImportante fools follow AND #RT- dont think i'll have as many walk outs as
Another faculty member, who recently won and award!, has foregone assigning essays and only assigns metadata! Keywords and tags.
If this man wore tighter jeans, he would be a woman
“ “ This week is gonna suck.””
i ain't go curtains still now that I think about it
And I'm sure you don't mean Information Technology.
Intense circuit training with Kirsten this morning to kick- start Tuesday. Exactly what this girl needed. Love a great training partner!
Keep it simple starting.
I feel bad for any Britney Stan who did not have an Internet connection yesterday lol
Going to the store
Let's make great videos together. Video production students, join VSL!
Really #Newgirl? And you use Beach House's "Take Care"? Glad I have Kleenex.
Spent most of today doing for others. When I had a chance to do anything else, I was thinking of banners & images to help others think.
My friends should read Breaking Dawn because I skipped school just to finish reading the book in 24 hours!
RT : So should I wear my bikini to the pool party or what????👙 *>* I Believe So!!
clearly your judgment is better than mine as I am out and about instead of being at Bobst
Football refs could call penalties on every play
Back-row seats...check. Popcorn and Icees...check. Ready to see The Avengers!
Lmao. Damn shame. We kept seeing yo drunk ass everywhere we walked on mifflin. I seen like 5 arrests happen in that timeframe
Still at pao. design design design. for
Im out shooting the EVERGREEN BOSS documentry about TEAMLOYALTY NORTHWEST's own we bout to be everywhere ....hit me for a cameo
RMFT Eating apples with braces. <<
as I was driving home tonight I saw our little theatre in town is showing Love Actually tomorrow night.
Here we go! Spring semester 2012!
Startup Breakfast has been pushed back this morning to *10am*, and it's now at the *Beehive* rather than Langermann's.
Seriously, Preds, pull it together.
Wow: Pandora + John Williams = great action adventure writing music. Where have I been?
you pull off the cross-era look.
that drive was one of the all time sleepiest. Baby Island is real nice listening. Thanx for the heads up !
i gave you the lanyard so get out of here! and eventually i will get the spiderman guitar picks!
Are you guys actually trying to say that Dell is "uppity"???
Hey chad, I am a tester for #openclass and I am using it right now. It has a lot of potential.
I realized today, my wife Beverly, is the anti-Kardashian (though she might want some of their stuff).
Love, Love, LOVE the new macbook. How did I ever live without it!?
keep up the great tweets!
The Bluebird of Happiness = best pie of my life at , 10 min drive from #cwcon. Pimento cheese hand pie was awesome too!
For #sm data, analyze what you need to know and what is action that you care about
You my friend, are in fact the knees of said bees.
go Turkey day lol
Chris Kreider is on the ice
I'm so sorry that it didn't work out , im moving on
I know I have said this and that is "coming Soon" but life happens...
OH. MY. GOD. STEVE! email me and i'll resend some dipes. And careful what you post - lmk if you get congratulated! ha!
#TweadingTuesday in walked bud
No Problem!:)
YEAH! Now that's a fire!!!
enjoy the sunrise... outrun it!
I miss my bestest :-(
Every time I re-watch it, the more I am convinced that The Third Man is a perfect film.
Wow they called wale , ace hood on mediatakeout today smh
Having fun @ the 6 state gov info virtual conference. Very interesting keynote from sunlight foundation
Ebc was crazy today so many djs and people what a exp... Only
need a global day of debt forgiveness, from nations to individuals.
LSU-Bama was a good physical t Game but no where near "game of the century". Would love to see Luck and Stanford play LSU! #playoff anyone?
yay i can screen share and video chat with skype... now all of you can join my team
Happy New Year to everyone. Specyphi
RT I work on third and market. Is that close to minna? (<-super close!it's next door to john colins,st regis and westin hotel)
Are u guys going to NY next month? I'm going but I'll be there after thanksgiving
Damn, where/when can we get the tape?
Preparing for the holidays, can't wait for the turkey and spiral ham... Yum!
good morning :)
Watching the new Aziz special has me excited to see him with
It's childish in this day and age to ban something that everyone should be entitled to out of fairness
Watching Tekzilla live http:\\revision3.com\watch
is a Media Software and Services company headquartered in Seattle, Washington
I'm surprised they didn't walk Hamilton.
I'm having mixed feelings : /
Thank you for the wonderful night.
oh no! What happened?
ABA program Visible Invisibility: Breaking Down Barriers to Women's Leadership; women of color research initiative
it's a great day to smoke some
when is the last time you worked out?
Haha I hope I can get a lot! And thanks!
the security cameras are always rolling.
that aint my hi score anymore DC!
Ran 2 miles 2day & feeling GOOD! In 1week & 2days I'll be running Cancer Free!...well not runnin' but Cancer Free! #Fight'nCancer
Happy #Easter everyone! Hope you got lots of delicious candy from the Big Bunny.
Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today
where r u all lol
First day of shooting for the new Zimbo Film. I won't be on set today but I will be tomorrow, pics then.
Yes it does, opening day in Milwaukee RT : Opening Day in Cincy. Streets lined with red. It doesn't get much better than this
you still havnt followed me cindy :( lol
Rum diary! Rt: : 14 diff kinds of #rum made in #puertorico. started in #Cuba. Random facts. ”
The junk drawer is the most important drawer in the house.
you forgot me betch
The reason I found Obama's trip to Roscoe's pandering is that he has affinity for blacks. There's no black agenda like gays and Latinos.
your wife must be awesome at racquetball. let us know if you need any advice or tips. :-)
Houston here I come very soon!
Glad to hear it, Alysha! We were happy to have you on board.
Meeting with Twitter's head of communications in a minute. What would you ask her?
And you! RT : You're a great #NatChi trivia teammate.
I agree. spitting image
Yesterday, West side, Mid-City and South Bay volunteers learned literacy games to help foster the love of reading!
Starts with L finishes with unch. That's what time it is break from the day eat some grub
The top 5 pizza sales days are: Super Bowl Sunday New Year's Eve Halloween The night before Thanksgiving New Year's Day
Loser of Mike & Mike's "Sheets of Integrity" will perform a dance with a pro from Dancing With The Stars in-studio with one day of rehersal.
I try so hard but you don't ever notice
THE 10 sucks. Enough said.
thank you! RT“: Watching 2010 summer of love <3 i love this show so much!! X”
Summer is coming to an end. Finish up the light, white wines you have in your collection and start stocking up 4 the luscious reds 4 winter!
Walked out the door feeling fly... and then this HUGE beetle landed on my shirt!!! My glamorous cover was blown.
Zion National Park: a great place to ease stress, get hitched: It's a restful education about one of Southern Utah's best landmarks a...
90 days til the big day!!!!
I got lots of music going around in my head, better start layin' it down.
80's baby but my soul from the 70's
thats kind of dirty
been like that... helpful at least in hindsight to see performance
My cousin's a mess , Just Read your tweets , #Hilarious , Be safe Love you Tho
when u come 2 ny? I refuse to grow up :c
it will have to be mind blowing, but there were some really good news events this year
im feelin a trip to the craft store son!
it's very very scary.
What was context?
Octomom needs to go away. So gross
The Girl Scouts have left the room.
what kind of video are you making?
The version was better
recorded an ESRB video yesterday for Quake Arena Arcade and is filling out paperwork today for Content Complete! Partnernet build imminent!
I'll be sending you my moral support & I'll be there in spirit if you do punch her.
Blackout √ Phone bouta die √ school tomorrow √
I would, but I'm stuck in BB5
Hey, ! Why don’t you add the word "PERL" to the dictionary?
I am in wholefoods. They are crowded. Are we seeing a recovery?
dear future me, you better be fucking awesome. -yours truly
hey! It's in orange I think? Spent the day up here in orange county and girls night out in irvine. :)
RT : Your programmer or web designer may have a lot of qualities, but he isn't in marketing
Sorry bitch.
oh so restless... whats happenin tonight, kiddies?
Memorial day is s great time to honor your Heroes. Who is your hero?
Dear Film Theorists...I get it, you're smart! Now please stop raping my mind. Love Jose <3
screw the haters!! Theyre just jelly and think they have a chance!! Your a very beautiful women and even Niall knows <3
Mike Dunleavy is absolutely insane
he just messaged me saying he is scared
I clicked the link labeled "Seton Hill Univ Mascot Throw," expecting a video of griffin projectiles. Instead, it advertises a rug.
Packing freak out!
What's next from the folks who bring us ? Tweets from the Hindenburg?
Your obviously none too happy with the speaker.
no s?
Very cool. I have a numbers of lists that are terribly out of date. Need to update them! Hope no one follows them closely. :-)
These refs are wackkkkk
#sciencedenial : biggest health reform story of all wasn't written, how Affordable Care ct would affect ordinary people
8 yrs, 3070 miles, 2 boxes, 12 hrs & 3 iced coffees later, I finally finished hanging the exhibit of my most favorite Cali artist. Xo Carmen
My hope is that their music inspires a new generation to take creative chances and make enduring art.
Fox/Hounds on Ventura for UCL Final.
May be in the minority, and am definitely unrealistic (probably), but I want Marcum and Greinke.
Are you following our lovely thrift blogger ? She's pretty much a a genius when it comes to thrifting!
How is it already 6th inning??? I guess when its not your team the game goes by QUICK!
Hoes were jealous, but wouldn't admit it. Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it.
Hi Kim! So glad to hear it! Doing well here - hope you are great, too! See you soon! :-)
I am going to cry so hard tonight, I already know it.
hey(: . How was your daay?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 3
Only good thing about having two Ohio #NFL teams is.... umm, uh, mmmmmmmh...two easy #Raiders wins :)
Brandon Marshall's smile can light up a room. Every time I see that guy he's smiling & it's contagious!
I'm at my studio downtown. Do you have lunch plans?
Hey Dealers! Want to know how the history of Harley-Davidson can help you in your business? Call about a VIP tour, (414) 287-2799
#NFAIS12 Woah, did you just say 40% of books acquired by academic libraries don't circulate?
RT : Apparel industry, human rights NGOs, unions, & investors call on Clinton to help end forced child labor in Uzbekistan...
we're on the same page then. Cheerrup kiddo :)
": where u ? Nigga looking for some work" deptford NJ u?
I'm going to the park! #YOLO :D
I have missed ! Working hard so I can stop working hard!! Thinking about hiring an intern for the winter break. Need to think on it.
Austin's birthday is April 4th, and he's! RT if your birthday is in April, on the 4th of a month, or if you're 15. (:
no! we can go together! just sit sepeartely! Amanda's going! She might have lawn!
i know right! bahaha i never woulda guessed
Then off to bed
"When I think of Facebook, I think of my friends, not my network," says "Let it be you."
"Be My Thrill" by is exactly what I need today. The entire album evokes people, places, & feelings for me.
The first guy I ever fell for just got married a week ago. So speak now by has been on repeat.
goodmorning Kle I'm mad I missed you answering questions last night. Cause I wanted to ask you somethings :)
that we can agree on
lol thanks girl for the love, i know i'm bad at keeping it updated but my phone never works with twitter
i cant believe tomorrow is the seniors last day of highschool... im gonna miss my cousin. he's not gonna be my SRT brother anymore :(
I like him, he likes me but doesn't go anywhere :/
#ImWeakFor guys who can kiss with passion and intensity!
NEW Alpha Girls distribution plan: First you get the Sugar, then you get the Power, then you get the Women.
i really hate these cheesy boys on here making their tweets about loving a girl.
Cool. But can you come over? o:
Rewatched some West Wing episodes from the first couple seasons. No sober human can write like that.
"In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy"- Fred Durst
I can see my phone pretty well...thats all that matters
im laughing so hard im cryingg but he really let that motha fucka take me ... Hahah
The Gramercy office market is hot. Not enough boutique inventory for trendy tenants.
Okay, a porn star followed me. I'm done.
good one!
HVAC maintenance have many benefits like reducing your energy cost and will increase your comfort!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 11.
AWHHHH I wish I could talk my mom into it!!!
Mad bros & Ladies at the crib for the fight tonight. I'm on board with #TeamMayweather tonight.
Many of those businesses may not have been black-owned but they were still in black communities.
love my job...we minister...we love those who walk through our doors...we tell them about Jesus...and we laugh alot...
The Orioles play the Nationals this weekend. Please form an orderly line, people.
NICE! Taylor Green!
I don't like asking questions but...why!?
We still have a little stack left. May make you work for 'em, though. :)
getting my nails done and minding yours lol
RT : I'm putting together this year. Wanna help? Got ideas? Meet us at tomorrow at 5:30.
My TV remote has tiny bits of cheese and peanut butter on the buttons.
NO. YOU FOLLOW ME CAUSE YOU LOVE ME. DX
Fox 11 news is my entertainment in the morning Lol haha
Great job by Phil Humber doing the top 10 on David Letterman
Mashing this 2-5 cash game
TY ! we were excited about the #Beertown HHA nod!
please follow (:
Don't forget a stop at Koppa's on #MKEDay ... Get game snacks for tonight #Bucks and #Brewers showdowns and
Not a jealous man, but females lie
"Mediocrity is the height of selfishness." - Brian Klemmer (R.I.P.) Go do something extraordinary.
We want our students to know they will always be part of our family. -Dr. Gabbe
it will be our secret.
Tapping Into #Data to Create a Competitive Advantage #PzS12 ,
twisting my hair until something cool happens
Thanks Pete! I need all the support I can get. This is going to be the biggest animal I've ever tackled.
Connecting the dots of change - Vernon Morning Star
Sometimes Tweetdeck just declares Twitter bankruptcy for you.
Can't stand no closer than 10 feet to someone because you smell from cleaning stalls and brushing horses.
I think that is a great thing :)
macaroon rollin and getting ready for our cookie class tonight.
Just spotted an abandoned weave in a school parking lot.
truly looking forward to my quarter day. please share it with me??
nice - thanks Janet
Ok, the "world peace" elbow throw is brutal and violent...but it must shit ratings gold for as often as ESPN is playing it.
House if filling up for #BROKE The RUSH lines are 60 Patrons deep, they are a hopeful bunch.
No two songs better represent their musical styles and differences than the respective xmas tunes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney
Seriously loving how many of you are participating in #m. This is so much fun. What if I lied and had not point to this...hahaha.
Another benefit of exercise: 15 min on the bike = 15 min of focused reading #SocialBoom by 5 stars. Social media=business social.
Not a good idea...it would probably be mostly "water weight" RT : is it possible to lose 4kgs in 7 days?
It's been a hard day time to hit the range!!
Haven't drank since Sunday. 
I love ! I've been using it on my laptop for several years. Great for notes and writing.
All year 365 from February to February, the only place where SUCCESS comes before WORK is inside the dictionary
Oh by the way, is going to jail next month for hitting a woman. #whosyourmanager?
Mother's Day is almost here, Memorial Day is approaching...what's your favorite date-specific #marketingautomation campaign?
and thanks for the RT! I hope you like the book. I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Happy to see Joe do al my work for me. :)
Excellent. So we're all set for the next panel on developing new audiences, right?
Booked an acoustic show May 30th. Radness.
": GAY Club be prepared to bring Joseph Kony down!!! We assemble tomorrow" You go glen coco!
Come in there next period . .
High of 62 here in #Milwaukee. Who's eating outside for #lunch?
RT : Morris pushed WTHR reporter out of way w/forearms, like snowplow clearing a path. This is over Girl Scouts! Really.
oops, I thought it was another person! Hehe
monday - same shirt different day ...
Or maybe their community manager will see this convo about Foursquare & respond. Hi Foursquare community manager! Look at us!
did you get what i sent you? i hope it made sense.. my computer wasn't wanting to attach things to the work emailzzz
good morning pinkkitti, happy wednesday to you
Welcome lover of writing and history.
We're on the N train to Astoria Boulevard for some Czech tradition!
Traveling to Mexico tomorrow... punta sur, el cedral, san gervasio not an assignment... but for my head
cool will do man. And yeah probably get there around 2ish.
Seems appropriate RT : Need a Seau region and a Waters region at tecmo IX to pay homage
Can't trust a big but and a smile
I'm at the SFIMA Summit. Great presentations all day long. Follow #SFIMA to see what I mean.
Tomorrow is going to be a all production day .
Holy shit lightning right in front of me. ⚡ :'(
#lrnchat I would agree that it is a component but I think it can involve dialogue with "experts" as well
Nope but found one online. You still got Brien Taylor's shoes? :)
Great meeting today with Ola Taiwo, Associate Producer, of One Night in Brooklyn.
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to designing for you!! “: Looking forward to your amazing design!”
Prioritize.. Be sure you make time for the important things / people in your life. You won't regret it.
FYI its also Slovak
I appreciate a drive thru car wash that actually uses soap
I drove seven and a half for the weekend surprise,
#MyGraduationSpeech there are so many people I would like to thank, just no one here because you're all fuckers and I hate you all. :-)
oh malea I miss your post talk rants at woodys!
"omg all I want is kfc" -- I feel the same way about tacos
Wow, I never heard!
Facebook company pages: if used effectively, a powerful tool to micro-track progress/impact of brand-building/awareness activities.
Your friend in your new avatar's a real looker!
no prob! You have any news on the store in #CLT?
Is weird that I thought Meg Ryan died a long time ago or.
The Pewter Menagerie
ok good
"When a person is in fashion, all they do is right." -Lord Chesterfield
Love playoff hockey, let's go caps!!
Who knew was such a teddy bear under that badass exterior? (OK, we kinda knew ;))
Thanks. I agree...steaks are better. ;)
Kobe a bitch but I hate it had to b him!
Thanks for sharing the infographics from and Public Library Funding & Technology Access Study.
not to much ill post a pic of me on here if yew want :D
Happy Friday! What's everyone up to? I'm working like crazy over here!
going 5 years strong brother!!! #TeamCelibate me and wifey making a stand waiting until marriage !
I need an AMS (Acronym Management System).
Dont wanna go to brighton ugh
Damn..I can't even look myself in the face anymore right now. Smh
lol its cool
It's Wed, you know what that means... It's #BLB day! Help us build up our fab base N tell a friend about #BLB. Get them to follow us ;-) RT!
We are absolutely slammed tonight!!!! Wow!!! Great band on stage too!!!
Would U b interested n looking at some lyrics of mine? I have 10,000 things 2do, am planning a CD release ASAP; love 2 help
Happy bday to Clara Stanton Jones, the 1st African American President of the American Library Association! She was born in 1913.
I'm pumped I wanna see it!
Party going on aka Dwirty Dwiana. and are giving out free sandwiches come join
Homes are at their lowest price in a decade. CNN 4/24/12.
#thoughtsduringoralsex "that finally shut her up"
Carnage Road is being released now; The Frenzy War, June 1; Tortured Spirits, Oct. 1; Snow Shark in winter...throw in 2 more film projects!
Ran around buying paint and supplies today, hopefully the weather will be nice enough to start tomorrow!
thx 4 the encouragement - I'm still twisted about this process but it is ALMOST over finish line in site
Chris Parnell is a fucking hoot, glad he's getting paid $$ #nokia lumia 900
???? You know what I meant.
People, Soony is not on the bench.
A Friend gave me a free copy of his book today. An actual printed copy! I had no idea they were still doing this kind of thing. How Retro
I find this somewhat suspect at 1:30 AM...
Haters hate, because they hate seeing you do better.
Need of the week: men’s and women’s belts (all sizes)
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much drama and immature people!
Apple boots Sony off Iphone App Store
Great time at Bedford, as always!
Gosh, I'm such a #teenwolf nerd. :P
I'm actually really tame. I mostly sit in my studio and work for long periods of time and talk to no one.
You know you're jealous of my Illinois shoreline photos!
Darker blue. Hawk head connects in back. And there is a new patterned stripe on the top that comes to a point in the back.
ACOs can exchange any data needed internally for informatics, but must be able to send basic data outside ACO
RT : Tim Taylor on behalf of CO Succeeds, "this is a workforce pipeline issue" #coasset,
Who stays, who goes, trades, and the #DRose rehab.. lots 2 think and talk about in the off season
.... I like grinding lol
Windy and freezing cold outside...
breathe in...breathe out...lol
Great game buffs!! Baylor up next... Gotta show em what's up!!
"Remember, running is life, the rest is just details. Now go!" -Dean Karnazes, Dean's Blog
Who was the uneducated fuck who made #YouWasCuteUntil what #greatenglish you have -__-
Nice dude! Great stuff. I started doing it regularly just about 3 weeks ago. Have you seen their new HTML + CSS ones?
Who ever says secrets don't make friends, obviously is just jealous they have no friends.
hi ales,...isnt it your birthday soon, looking at theese tweets,since i cant have/find you on my Fb, i'll need to remember,,,???.
awesome! clearly we are very very important people.
Without the beard he's just not intimidating. Like DJ without hair.
How outrageous was Franklin Graham on Morning Joe? That apple fell nowhere near the tree.
#WGN - The Obsessed Fan's Michael Bolton collection video this a.m. was off the hook!
turn to you 💜 omg
its for tomorrow u down ?
Happy Mother's Day, matron!
but we'll be together then, son you know we'll have a good time then
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! So thankful for all of our clients!
Every milestone helps!
Ah, Joyce, there Yugo again...
it's a good day when your bra and underwear match.
: embrace self discipline to become free; look in the mirror to see your surroundings more clearly; make your life a gift and enjoy it!
I don't want to let this go. </3
so much to do over the next couple of days, but never stop enjoying life.
no it's not! see what I did there? :)
#TeamBrian is starting to get cocky...someone step up to replace #TeamKris!
Here's how it going to be: The next time you see me I'll only be capable of speaking in Third Eye Blind lyrics.
So not wanting to work right now!
Can't wait! RT“: I get to see this weekend at our first competition! #wgi”
Making grilled cheeses for the faaam
I i were famous id get in a lot of trouble for tweeting and RT'ing bad tweets Hahahha.
Just when you think you're about to escape...mechanical difficulties...
I love the ham game!!!!
Obama just asked Betty White to produce her birth certificate on Leno. Not for nothing, the man has fun amidst a damn tough job.
is currently completing a quarter's worth of work.... And the all-nighter is well underway! ;)
You can have everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. Zig Zigler
Where did they take you?
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit. Get the fuck off the air
so wat r wr gonna call u
Most of us are afraid to draw..will apps like doodle.ly change that? Asks of SVA
Red Hat and SUSE join IBM in new Linux system, Canonical opts out
You're so close, Derek! We're excited for you down here in the Big D. :)
Feelin a little buzzed! :)
For all of you Beliebers out there please follow ,they're cool!!!
yep. who do you know that might want to help out?
I miss the office! There are only so many good talks I can have with cats!
oh yea! We're on 4th ave now!
Hey!;) Thanks for the follow back!;)
Northern Ambassadors
thanks for the follow..
Zingers yum ^_^
will you drive ;))))) I mean u would have to drive past altamonte anyways and it's only like 10 more minutes :)))))
End of the line #grizzlies ....this hurts
Got to meet Kimberly Altic Lingenfelter and her beautiful daughter this morning! What a nice family :D
maaaaaannnn, I can't pass up free coffee
this explains ALOT!! “: #Gemini are easily attracted to "different".”
Woohoo - more followers! Thanks for your support with my students - very much appreciated. Good luck with Cupcake!!
Funny Quote: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
people are liking the mushroom secret ingredient
Can grown childen become toxic? Think that will be the source of new story.
or when your friend is the DILF! Haha ;)
old Gill has to get those leads!
I have a few weeks FREE to do whatever my heart desires in #NOLA. Ah so many things I haven't done, foods I haven't eaten...!
I promise to make you fall in love with me every single day
I've already finished my first book in 2011: Julia Cameron's The Creative Life. Rereading Jonathan Strange. Ordering Tale of Genjii.
I wish you had a twitter yo.. So you can read all my tweets about you.
It is so lame when guys try to holler at you from their car window. Seriously, what self respecting woman responds to that?
hey check out
Nicki Minaj is going ... *closes up laptop and walks away* I'm all set!
Question of the Day: Convertible, yes or no?
I'm super jealous.
RT : Don't do that either! RT judging?? I'm snitching lol<<< on the horns as we speak lol
Bar Louie hopping #customerappreciationweek is the best
lol. Yea I'm headed to sleep soon too
#Blago missed his turn into prison again. This is getting funny.
I took four 💊 and still have a headache 😞
RT : Tomorrow begins #ccswg12 with 70 of the leading minds of #critcode shaping and building the field!
Selena I just want u to know that I love you and I've been supporting u since 2006 and still am in 2012 and hopefully forever<3
is this really how the green line is every morning? cant complain about the orange line anymore.
#FF #learning #leaders who help others grow
u get like this anytime i say anything like that ..Its like I kant say anything at all that will make u go like u are now
Jamming out with my best friends...
Hahah of course that too
They're cute kids...
Impromptu wine tasting in the afternoon... Big mistake. Huge!
people who confuse Castilla with Casilla, often confuse Brian with Brain.. weird how that happens
go Jhonny go
not that bad! Happy Halloween!
Happy Spouse’s Day for all the married folks out there! feeling romantic here
what a trip. thanks for the info
i will forward their info as soon as i land somewhere. They r gr8. Emails, phone calls, scheduling, bookkeeping, u name it.
No, it's on the 13th.
*Claps* Their lyrics were pretty insane
And we again came very close to Kreider's first NHL goal, but not close enough
Sprinkles are inherently adorable so you're ok
Lately my creative juices been flowing.. Wow!
Today in Blues: Clara Smith recorded “He’s Mine, All Mine” and “Steel Drivin’ Sam” on Dec 16, 1924, in New York City for Columbia Records.
you're west bank bound?
y'all movement has no ceiling grab it while its peeling love to y'all entire team killin
I will look for you!
Kobe Kobe Kobe
Happy Siturday, enjoy the day! Brrrr It's a tad cold!
Always going forward:
Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy? Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Waiting for this Laker game to start 💜💛
Laptop/Netbook and Table Carts - Buildings
Loaded and ready to take old service manuals to the store to sell. See all you need is a Tin Cup like me.
gettin loco with the cake
Saint Joseph Hospital has just installed Epic, the most advanced electronic health record in the nation!
#Oomf seen me tweet so they txtd me.... u ain't slick lol
Summer's almost here- 2.5 months from today school's out :)
I'll be sure to slap you next time I see you. xD
What's happening? Anyone have any cool dreams lately?
oh wow!!! lmao, have fun!! i wish i could haha :)
I think you should tie the cats to stuff & use a big whip. :-)
I figured they weren't but I thought I'd give you a hard time none the less. They played Battier WAY less this game, results!
What is the trending news crap in my Facebook feed? Is Facebook worried I am too wrapped up in Facebook to read the news?
Better than the two gorillas that host it.
Announcing Pattie Curry as #ILSHRM 's new Membership Director - I'll be getting her on twitter soon
Sleep. Why wont it come?
I better not still be sick this weekend
The free Mobile Transcript app allows lawyers to stay productive while on the go! The app's automatic billing timer logs your review time.
When my boyfriend calls me babe & boo >>
I think it's misguided. It speaks to a historical time, and it's not the author's intent. Devalues it both as lit and history.
theres only one winner and thats me.. sorry loser :)
We're digging your bow tie over here. What kind of theater are you into?
I never answer our house phone lol
& LTLline put in work today in the studio . Hit bangers forreal .
Don't you hate when people tweet you but don't tweet back after that so annoying
Ahahaha! Bring it.
Thanks for the follow You were one of my favorite Hoosiers to watch when I was growing up!
Looks like Kim and Kris should've gone to PreCana
hey hun, how was your birthday?
Golden Seeds named one of the top 5 angel groups based on number of deals in ACA Halo report!
Local singer-writer Barclay Martin will lead attendees through an audio-visual history of American folk music and #kc culture
I making a lot of people happy today and I don't know why!?! Plus I'm very hyper and exited for no reason at all! Ok calm myself Down now.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
OMG. I'm so happy for you!!!:D I'm sure they'll love it:D That's so awesome!!
Who tf smoke paper
tweet #freechiptixBLOOM chip the ripper
I'm very angry at #Days over decisions made last month. I stopped watching.
OUCH!!! And the glacier is going to grow in size... be careful tomorrow night! Thanks for the follow!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x4
love that you are happy with the little things in life!
Website will be up and running this week. Big announcements forthcoming.
Waking up late<<<
fair enough, I suppose...but Whitney was in it.
haha. That's cute! :D
Last days left for 40% off pureology!!
RBs Peterson Foster Jones-Drew Jackson Turner Rice Gore McFadeen Sproles Jackson McCoy Lynch Forte McGahee Kuhn Leach
just got thru working out in the gym bout to go to the crib sh** shower shave eat and then its off to this music thing
in NC, can you call for a recount between 2nd and 3rd place finishers if you're in a potential runoff situation?
its wat u get for poking me with a chopstick -_-
Wishing continued strength and recovery to the families of 9/11's fallen. My thoughts are with you.
Running Larry Sanders at Kaman for a minute and then swapping back in Ersan could have won the game.
lol RT : I Know Said Don't Ask Him For Beats & Shit.. But I'ma Ask For 1 Anyway
cute, smart, funny, and single ;-)
He plays in the most defensively oriented division and did so with NO offensive weapon besides Cribbs. Think Weeden'll do better?
Love it......so simple and effective!
I don't remember this kind of weather in San Antonio! Usually we go from Winter to Summer - I'm enjoying this lovely Spring weather. *swoon*
Thank you for sharing it with us! We'd love to know more about it—media, size, inspiration—anything you'd like to share!
:) awesome! Link will b out soon I'll post it! Thanks!
Ugly Latina on treadmill next to me is blasting "eye of the tiger" on her iPod speakers, bitch only thing Rocky on you is your complexion
Oh! Break legs
got love for you though.
Cleaned the house now my mom has no excuse to keep me hostage! Lmfao!
Decided to bike to Griffith Observatory, and stop here at Roosevelt golf course to see if I could break the record for sucking wind.
So fucking annoyed right now.
I just saw a guy with a hobo sign that said "Why lie, I need a beer."
It's good knowing tht there's part Latin in my blood no wonder y I could under stand wht there saying 50% of the time haha :)
Thanks babe
What a great way to remediate and tell people what competencies they need to acquire!!
If Campbell and McFadden and Ford and Moore and Johnson and Huff and Shaughnessy didn't get hurt #RAIDERS would be in the Superbowl
I will never go grocery shopping again.
Please god followw me! I love you! Hehee(:
Make sure not to wear blue today. Or tomorrow. Or ever.
« Wish there was a Terence Trent D'Arby's where I could eat a roast beef sandwich while listenin' to Wishing Well. #potthoughts»
Seven. That right, Just 7 days till Baku.
#S/o to my new follower c:
You won because you have the best physio in Canada
its amazing isn't it<3
Fixed! Thanks for the heads up.
My mom was recognized this evening as one of Minneapolis magazines volunteers of the year. Well deserved honor for an amazing person & mom!
Mega quote! "#jedward may have a large penthouse apt , but after 10.30 I have the whole bus station to myself " - Steve Brookstein
people without twitter are going to freak when he gets a standing O in the yum center. Lol
RT: "Ron Paul made an announcement but I missed it." #RonPaul will be concentrating on collecting delegates. He's in the race
Nathan Zegura () is hosting SUPERDRAFT in Vegas on August 26-28!! The man knows his football!
Flautist was like 50ft away and shout "you like the music...? Well give me a damn dolla damnit! Geez!" dude was playing Kenny G. Hahaha.
Getting my litle brother at thebus stop!! Text me someone
Kansas. Lost in the eight
replying so that either I remember to ask you about this sometime or you remember to tell me if I forget to ask
We don't tend to do water fountains in the UK these days. :-( /cc
I always take people who write in ALL CAPS more seriously.
Looking for a fabulous weekend gig at one of the hottest spots in town? Come apply at DISH for a hosting position. (214) 522 3474.
Great AM workout!! Which #workout did you all do today?
Screw #honorsclasses and
So happy #fearfactor is back on! People will do ANYthing for money, they should go crazier.
thanks for the money popz!!!
Yes! Would love to see stats & data abt
First Hamilton PTO fundraiser is off and running ! Staying positive.
u re home now?
Sr producer Soren Wheeler speaks @ #dcswa prof dev day
7:26am on a Saturday in New York City; Quiet, (relatively speaking of course), peaceful, and COLD.
Just realized the "get a ton of gre studying and hw done over beak" has not gone so according to plan. Oopsies
Hope ur not sleeping with this guy when u say he's just a friend, respect ur body more than that & just use ur vibrator.
Today is not my day! Smh
I'll give address to my buddy. If it's not fixed within a week, let me know.
I just saw a commercial supporting reducing LEGAL #immigration- that's a first.
keep your head up guys you both have bright futures! Keep reppin Christ Dustin!
Can we make it right for you? Not sure why you would have been denied...
oh wow love connection all up on my timeline lol
RT ": #34waysfoundation & needs to be trending ...... we are giving away free watches !!!!!
Didnt know that, really been missing some jokes - EW! : When the hell did cake become a euphemism for vagina?
you're sexy but I like TELL..VERY SEXY..extremely sexy..super sexy.but i love are fantastic
I agree Fear the deer!! RT : we're excited for the season...wish it would start now!
Me either! LOVE our scary movie nights! Love you bitch! :) xoxo
that's talent right there in its finest
Love that hat!
Just wondering if you were tempted to do the same cobra trick with your camera... ;)
Unfortunately no but my older brother Mike and parents will be going. Be sure to stop by the DQ booth and say hi!
So who's gonna fondle?!?
hahah glad I got to see you too :)
The NCAA Men's National Championship is tonight at 9pm! Stop in at any of our restaurants and enjoy Double Loyalty Points!
very frustrating,no? their website is also virtually impossible. all i want to do is talk to a LIVING person
Come in and wait out the storm in at 1334 N. Scottsdale Rd. SW corner of Scottsdale and McDowell Rds
thanks! I like celebrating the little things :)
We have Empanadas today! Chicken or Cheese. Soup of the day: New England Clam Chowder...see you for lunch.
#EmbarrassingTweet i cant listen to Vanessa Carlton "A Thousand Miles" without laughing and thinking of cc:
A Maps4Kids "did you know?": More than half of the coastline of the entire United States is in Alaska
I heard thunder rumbling in the distance... is #StormSeason2012 upon us?
you know a song's good when a video concept comes to you instantly. #thanksfornothing GO BUY IT, ALL OF YOU!
RT Dear crazy people, has writing letters to inanimate objects run its course yet? Seems silly. Get well soon... Chad
love this pic! So gratifying to see where it landed.
yea someone from school told me about you guy i go there too
The first time i read your tweet, it did not have a comma.
Thank you! The program/professors are incredible! my background is in PR so it has interesting to make the switch.
thank you!
get him outta there.
That is awesome!
Thank you for the #BigGirl last day of school Starbucks!
Rotary and HCA meeting this morning!
Another sunny day without a plan. welcome back, summer
It's one of those mornings where I'm already laughing at myself.
