Good for you, CC! Remember all us little peeps ...
Benefit to pay burial expenses for Marble Rock woman is Saturday
Thanks for #leapahead tweet, and for keynoting!
might as well call it game film. Tell Darth Vadar we'll see him tomorrow in Pasadena.
thanks for sharing :)
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void -- disconnected to
#atplc presenter uses materials from Bill Ferreter NC teacher. Let's hear it for NC and Bill!
89183 zip...nice homes....prices in the low $100k's...rental rates $1200 - 1300 for 3/2...nice rental cash flow
Hooray! Who's ready for a racist joke? I know I'm ready to lose followers..
In the middle of nowhere. No cell connection, internet too slow to upload photos, and gps can't update. LAME. WHERE IS CIVILIZATION.
Going to Western tomorrow, woop! Too bad i have to wake up at 5:30, so I'm def. going to bed early. In the morning, I expect coffee. =)
Teen Mom Season 3?!
You left your music!
RT : 3 main topics of concern that Philadelphians expressed 2 : Public safety, vacant property & citizen tools.
Thank You! You are all the best!
Hi You're a doll:)
After this weekend's Wrestlemania #patCAST, we'll announce another special episode in the works! Also PatMania this Memorial Day!
Chuck yooooo he look flabby lmao!
Love is cursed by monogamy?
First day to the rest of my life. :)
I noticed you post some user pics on the blog... feel free to use those photos if you want!
It's never too late
Lubys for lunch kept me on plan!
I'm winning
Happy Friday!! :)
Yaaay. Totally freaking out with excitement!
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Austin! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
is working hard on my updates tonight and is.. well twittering.
yea yea yea whatever!!!! Lol.
a wall like we were outside and he pushed me into asnow bank so I pushed him into like a brick wall
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon , your order HAS SHIPPED!! Thanks for shopping AS & Enjoy ♥
Sean from Detroit, looking forward to the chat tonight
Merry Christmas to all and all a good nite! - cheers
Capitalism is a simple way of saying " I will take your worth, resale it, give u a fraction of it, and tax u."
love love love right back at'cha :-)
#21ReasonsWhy I love 1. His lip bite(:
VIDEO: Mormon parents create gay-support video
Who is a proven left tackle option in the draft? You have right tackles already.
Who tryna #run deez 5 miles wit me real quick? It won't take no more than and hour.... #exercise is a great way for me clear my head....
“: Watching Fridays episode of #Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome 😃” U know we're gonna end on a cliff hanger
Made it to the Stanley Cup finals but lost to Montreal in 5. The same team that won 11 games in OT during the playoffs.
Wow, who turned off the heat? Its cold outside!
Eat McDonalds and go dancing al night long ,
Do U see how munch I need U right now.The pieces of my heart R missing U.My Love?
Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :)
Advertise with 4PM today! E-mail to join the Ad program!
David West passed to .... Well, I'm not sure.
the angels! They're here!
#nowplaying Justin Bieber - down to earth :'}
Haha, I got in trouble in class for punching the book once. Ha. I hate it that much!
do you like yogurt
that makes sense. Just can't help but squirm at recent gaffes at NPR.
Okay so was right...Dark Shadows is....eh.
News Jacobson takes lead in Shanghai Fredrik Jacobson didn't see many low scores when he first arrived at Sheshan Internatio
Singing an old Leonard Cohen song. That'd rigjt.
Stopped by parents to get things out of attic for them. Going up, see Black Widow spider, think "cool!" Going down, fuckers gone, PANIC!
I don't really like the new twitter for blackberry. It's not cute anymore -_-".
that is a pretty devastating title.
why not
Melina . You are the best diva ever .
"I had a broken neck. Now it's fine. Still have symptoms. No timetable." Just saved you an hour.
bahahah do u know who you are talking too?? i am obsessed with them! love love love #RHOBH lol
Yeesh. Why do I let it suck me in, time after time?!? So many snarky things to say! Oh ... yeah ...
Happy Friday! Any big plans for this weekend?
I'm O&O by WQED. If you really want me, send email about where? when? for how long? doing what? and I submit it to panel.
Ending the day with a healthy dose of - self titled. Makes for good anthem music to fight off the demons
we agree Rick...Most Engaging Athletes on Twitter Pt. 2?
Only an hour and 15 minutes until happy hour at Buddha-Bar! Escape work early and enjoy our fabulous specials on this beautiful day!
Its almost #Xolos time
Thanks for following us ! We love partying at your club!
If only I had an Obama 2012 poster
if you're a major service provider there is no reason you shouldn't have live chat support.
T-10 minutes to pitch. Should be interesting:)
30 States have 60 Senators that represent less then the 2 who represent California. Now the lower chamber, the House..
wat u doing anyway??
Looking forward to my job tomorrow: Instilling feelings of guilt and inferiority to TED Talk audience members.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
rumor has RHCP as a near lock to play ACL Fest in October
where you at girl?!? We're all going out tonight!!!
Waiting for coffee to brew. Starting work at 6am on a Saturdays is not fun.
The Vintage Closet in Ballard, you are my savior.
Thanks for helping me out ;)
Vikings trade down, draft left tackle Matt Kalil
Not a bad gig..
i cant go to the moon and pacman workshop :(((( ugh!!!!
5 min warning #Metro Center
How does pocketing a listing benefit the home owner/seller? Isn't MLS exposure and syndication a vital marketing ingredient?
I know that
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3
Adding coupons to our website
Printed on the back of our shirts in college it read, "The Texan Regrets the Error" -- Timely?
and make a go of it :) Send over your info when you get a chance and share it with your Central ohio mommy friends!
Off to jack in the box for an adventure! >:3
many thanks for the mention Lorii! Hope all is well!
The sun is out in Catonsville.
Happy Earth Day!! :)
how many graphic tees are you bringing to CO? I've got 19
Highlights were a family travelogue of 1939 Worlds Fair, Civil War vets in Patchogue, and a hovercraft test off of Montauk Pt
follow me! Now all i need is to follow me and my life will b complete :)
Thanks Tom! Happy Holidays!
Who would have thought the place to be on a thursday night was at a CPUC meeting in Kearny Mesa?
I have a trouble ticket into support but haven't heard back and no one is answering the phone.
Thanks, Rachel!
#u nees to load that madden12 so I cud show u how niners function#ea sports
yep, it's true, we're rockin' Johnny's Irish Pub this Friday night.
My inability to keep a straight face. 😏
let me know if there's anyone I should see!
I need new friends...
I want to go to there.
“: Anyone want my 700th tweet?(:”
What would you change about your smile? Elliot wants a whiter smile. how about you?
Need to smoke... stressed
Even a great book is of little use if the chapters are all mixed up - great tutorials, but need to be course style
The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Thomas Edison, Co-Founder of GE
please, that makes 2 of us!
Hey Farragut, whats going on? Were at 17th and k with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash(an emerging favorite) and barbacoa
Hi Colorado. We would love to help you w/ your coping and printing needs. We do free print analysis of your office to see how to save you $$
If U R ever in albuquerque you have to eat at the Village Inn...food is banging!
John Cena bitch slapped the words out of The Rock's mouth. Did you see The Rock's face after John Cena left the ring?
Bro. Jazz must have fucked u up.
hey was up ma
Lookin good to stay in ha!
I kissed bella...and she broke her hand...punching my face.. LOL
Follow ! Launching soon
that b awesome
There are some (one) very good reason we haven't heard that story yet. We will, though, we will.
Tacos and Torah at 5pm! Bring your appetite for and #knowledge!
Young Justice in 2 hours!!! Tae why is Eastern time ahead of Pacific. Duh
girl you know it(;
RT : Are you ready to #JoinTheBattle at Scope for Game 6 on Friday night? Get the best seats by purchasing now:...
RT : don't give fear and anxiety permission to walk hand in hand with birth
The massage sounds amazing right about now!!!
Chicago: Tonight at the Subterranean Tirra Lirra and Suckers. good times!
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
followed you! :)
capturing tapes
- yes, the new one. I already love it!
When my mama cries << #makesmesad 😢💔
Happy Birthday to my big bro
It's not policing. It's educating and suggesting to think about word choice. Like it or not our words effect others.
For real RT : In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less.
Psshhh more then what I can do.
my new leopard print body pillow is so amazingly soft
In response to the historiographical school which erroneously compared him with Notorious BIG?
Guys...I have friends that are conservatives, liberals, Laker fans, Niner fans, Republican, Democrat...build on what you have in common
How did I not know about the table-side Smores you can make yourself at Cosi? THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING!
thunder! oh, no, I better duck for cover. :)
like wtf ? Seriously -.- GROW UP !
when son finished 1st book he would not settle until got him 2nd book. He got in trouble for reading at school a lot that week.
#Grindin' (some more)
Rise and shine
Do the #Lakers have a mascot?
I get emails from scammers all the time and I find them to be great content for one of my blogs.
I'm going to apologize now to the people on my flight for eating that burrito with extra peppers and beans.
Usually because of lack of due dilgence upfront.
Congratulations, Joy! So proud of you!
Excellent stay - ask for a spa room and enjoy a great view of the river and a tub you can swim in.
How was your dinner at Paesanos last night?
FREE Bicycling 101 Repair Clinic TONIGHT! 7pm @ Cory The Bike Fixer!
#clean. yes!
Lakers are not about to get sweep by OKC is about to lose nxt game tho
words of wisdom with Bernie Mac
excited to head to NYC this wknd for , on behalf of !
I really want to try to go to the in New Orleans in March. Is anyone else planning on going?
i should shave my legs... hm.
I haven't decided yet. The ship departs from and returns to Rome. I don't know how many days I'm going to extend my stay yet.
Are the reds bats finally coming alive. They musta prayed to Jobu
thank you thank u 4 following me but i still need mor FOLLOWERZ!!!
my mom is a #Capricorn, and come to think about it, she does think and plan way to much. stupid pregnant lady
why thank you Ms. Bradshaw :-)
It's a valiant effort.
Any Peruvians around? Mariano Prado is today's beard! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I've never stopped, waiting on you. ;-)
i bet he could have found something to wear in between those extremes. :) but personally, i don't care what he wears.
1. Yes, I own all of the Monkees albums on vinyl. 2. I am listening to them all today. 3. What was I thinking at 12 when I went all in?
#ishikawa!!! What the hells going on out there?!?!
See what happens when you give power to those dumb shareholders? How can #Citicorp #Pandit support his family without his $15 mill in pay?
hey i probably can't go tomorrow night. I have to be in Denver Friday morning at 8am. & do a alcohol and drug test for my job.
Yes sir RT : President Obama: "I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy."
The ever so anti-climactic NIT: Like cumming in your pants while the girl gets naked.
What if i run out if honky tonks before i get over her
RT : I feel like I won my own Oscar last night
You know you are getting old when you 100% pulled a hammy dancing on a booth to "Juicy" at Pourhouse.
Thank you - honored!
We are not the LAB. Chromosomal Labs analyzes your DNA & we run them through scientific databases & analyze them further.
Yes it will be different, yes it will be odd, but most importantly it will be
False. People who don't understand why an athlete would sign somewhere to retire clearly doesn't understand love.
Just ate some tator tot casserole, coworker made it, going to die now
If you're in the Boston area you BETTER be outside!
happy easter my little truebieberfans, <3 you guys!
Or could have gone with Dead Guy Ale. Dropped the ball on the apropos pairing. Though the movie was appropriately bad.
ok ima try this twitter thing again
Packers fan....AND Avengers fan? I'm sorry, but I just don't know anyone like that.
It feels so good outside today.
#riverside #corona #norco Get money back on your short sale up to $30,000
$3 Euro Drafts & 1/2 price thin crust pizza (Not Valid days when Cubs are playing at home) All Day
I'm so worried eight now!!!!!
We hope you have a blast here! :)
Black Knot on Cherries and Plums - James Blake
So happy today is over! 4 more days to go
honey drippin' honey from a holler in kentucky
Wahhhh terrible lunch ONE day this week! 😊
probably should rest it for starters! (hardest thing to do) use ice, can you reach behind your back without pain?
Cabbie on my way home from Evanston recommended Gaylord India Restaurant & India House. Good picks if you're downtown!
my mom is a wannabe chola
Not one, but TWO papers submitted today for #MW2012!
Ha JANAM! I miss manchester
Ah , the secret is molasses. Good taste buds.
Spring is Here with horticulturist Deb Weisman at the German Branch on March 29th at 6:30pm. Pre register online or call 271-5144.
Office smells of fresh paint! Now thats progress.
kiss my acid washed jeans
I don't consider 1Q84 a literary classic but I enjoyed reading it, & that wouldn't change if everyone else hated it.
Sometime this summer. I'm not sure exactly when yet :)
if i truely listen to everything i said i might die from laughter.
Haha stephen has a brand new show and I'm producing it. We're looking for a co-host. DM for details
Heard "chocolate & broccoli" educational games to describe what and I call "toll-boothing"
I love cocoa butter my skin is just amazingly soft :)
PERK up. Lame joke
into what haha
If you are at Lambeau... Get crazy in the 2nd half!!!!!!! Too quiet on TV. Will em to victory!
very true, I just see them winning at least one at home. I hope they win 4 lol
#Hostbaby Thanks for all your help Ally, Michelle and Nathan...The website "facelift" looks great!
Loading Justin S W A G.... 99% "Sorry, there's a problem loading. To much S W A G."
": Heaven is PERFECT because there are no black people."this stupid bitch :-)
RT Did you know Marti Emerald used consult for Lerach on press strategy or something of that sort? True story
You think my dress is short enough for to take pictures?
You should check out our site - we have playoff MLB, and you can pick a new football team each week!
I think it would be interesting to write an article comparing the two e.g collection development practices, curation, metadata
Big release pack from GDM in the pipeline. Stay tuned and get ready for a ton of great choons!
You"re sweet. I'll be in for breakfast next week, too.
Obama Pokes Fun at Huffington Post&#39;s Pulitzer [VIDEO]
Great job 2nite! Looked like you were having fun out there.
u irriatatttinnn!! Im not!
Good morning! Thanks to all my recent followers. :)
I'm setting goals for da next two years
RT : The #Bowl for the Cure is only 1 month away! Help us "spare" lives & "strike" out breast cancer! June 14-16!
lol do they know who you are?!
Finally back home after my cruise! I now understand the difference between sea and land legs.
Yesterday 75 mi to Williston w. no town or gas station. Showers! Today 80 mi & 100 degrees w. lightning to Poplar on the Fort Peck Res. ...
Haha aw shuckksss. :D Thanks so much!
Ting need to be said, forgotten, and let go. That's my coping method right now.
You are hilarious! RT I've just had a
Watching total blackout in between commercial and the Lakers game. This show is redick!
You can come anytime. I'm going to NYC the 2nd weekend in June but anytime after that.
Heading to Sonoma for a day of wine, food and photography.
I honestly dont consider us friends anymore. At all.
Now THAT's depressing... MT : "If the US perf. as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Edu, heads would roll."
We understand that NO ONE plans for a cancer diagnosis...the financial strain it can cause can be crippling.
C'mon Yankees.
Like a zombie a little sleep and am have to stay home.
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro. How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
Not a vacation. physically + mentally exhausting but the most amazing and rewarding experience ever.
The big spatula is like Phil Taylor. Not gonna complain about a solid, big steady performer.
is finally back on...can't wait for the drama!!
To much "Atlanta" ain't good for the soul.....
Thanks for the follow Janet! Thanks 4 sharing your Kindle Fire at RWA, too. Looks so cool. Happy Thanksgiving!
He is soo sweet & different, I'm gonna cuff em' :)!
I'm visiting tonight to catch up with a former coworker! So excited to see her on the West coast.
Is #NCSTATE really trending worldwide?
Sing me home, James Morrison.
Do people actually get a kick out of watching banal peoples lives? #Girls Judd Apatow, plz redeem yourself with Bridesmaids 2.
I want to drink 100 beers, fight a horse, piss in your shoes, then challenge you to a foot race.
watz da plan today where u tryin to hoop at?
RT In Need Of Followers Follow Follower Please RT
Not really a fan of future..but that song space cadets jammin
Thanks for RTing! ;)
Keeping to myself
Interesting. Now I know more about you :)
I just fueled a fire lol
and hey now, no need to hate.
omfg ik. Like if someone in school starts going omg Ed Sheeran I will die..smh
Soundcloud.com/MW. Check out my new singles "Top of the World" and "Touch the Sky" JahBless!! Trew studios Bigup!!
I'll be on campus in a few minutes! :D hill hall
RT : KPTV just called the race for me. Very excited!
Wait people are saying congrats to you whats going on?!?
Vagina Monologue rehearsal today and of Montreal at Webster Hall tonight! Woo!
there you dirty faggot I followed you. Where the fuck did you even come fron
Time to cook more meth,
i'm fixin' up a project in iMovie, aren't you proud of me :-D
weed is gross this is true.
Im such a bitch.. what have i done? ):
Listen in to tomorrow morning around 7:30 for Diana’s commentary!
You said it!!!
exactly like when I tell you your outfit makes you look like a soccer mon (;
you can GLADLY come in and take my place for three days.
I know right! What time are you off tomorrow? I can come by
i fucks wit u my man lol crack ne up
Congrats to you and Ryan!!!!
Hate waiting in lines
Now Following
Tilting when cabbies don't know where they are going. #GPSFTWPLZ!
time is ticking!
are they full nude there or only topless?
Woman sweeks insight about delicate situation
what's good kid?
Feeling sum type of way, am I playing myself?
gotta pass out beauties all around
M buffalo chicken dip for breakfast. Nuthin like a little heartburn to start the day...
Sex before entering a relationship, doesn't really work. I hate to say this but, I told you so.
Back in the office after an extended weekend. What was a favorite memory that you shared this weekend with your family?
Please be aware of phone scams...
DPAP conference coming to close... Getting close to time to unwind!
On this day in 1928 #Hartsdale NY received the first transatlantic #TV picture - 84 years later, i think the tide has turned :-)
I will I will don't worry !
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 7
Kathleen Vinehout entering really hurts Falk. Name confusion and now 2 women. Barrett looking stronger. Candidate will be Falk or Barrett.
morning beautiful, have a great day on set.
If You Had The Best Sex Last Night...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
- I can buy kale for $2/bunch. Makes a couple of baking sheets worth. How much is it in NY?
Have u guys ever tried to sleep nd u close ur eyes so ur body feels tiny but huge at the same time idk am i high
Reading think pieces all day > writing think pieces all day.
Pierre at SAG saved the day! Panic for nothing.
Bio prof has such bad humor that it's funny...lol
Hehe! Good mornting! You already know :-)
Busy weekend in store. Family shoot on Saturday and Senior shoot on Sunday. I'm excited to meet everyone and get to snappin y'all!
I need a leather jacket!
Good times today! Great to see and meet everyone.
When I'll grown up , I'll kidnap to :B
Seriously though. One every 20 feet.
#yee i hope you're enjoying your day mama.. <3 we love you!
I'm just watching the Jeremy Renner bio minding my own biz
Rethinking the shows - I need to get back to what I originally started doing - supporting underground bands.
morning love from Colorado
Two hours till I'm back in sweet home chicago
romo loves you alex. ♥ ;)
So tired, it's going to be such a long day. CAN'TWAIT!
watching it the moment the heat kicked the Bulls out smh i just want the 76rs to go down slowly and painfully
don't be jinxing us!
no better to see u. U try and hide from me
Anyone else going to Saratoga Springs for the conference?
i'll regret staying up this late in the morning, ahaha.
Let's go
We are El camino real high for Gospel Night
#Syracuse represent. RT : Dolph Schayes and the boys would slap Ed Macauley and the Celtics around like ragdolls
hugs n fuckin kisses
i just read your 1997 review of The Graduate. I absolutely loved your quote about what is and isn't a Great Movie. Thank you
Best idea for elite cooking club... Cook the meals designed by the united airlines chef?
I hate us ugh
hahaha I hear you. Have a good week:-)
Don't forget to tweet about your performances! We can't wait to hear about them
Judge Sumi strikes down anti-union law, will #TeamWalker begin drafting bill to outlaw judges?
Bicycles make a great holiday gift....check out DreamBikes a local non-profit!!!
My own education, as I have relayed, failed to gratify my restless mind. MT : #cbb2012 Duane on new York African Free School
found a babysitter!
I will check the quote when I get home and see if we can figure something out
maybe in a se-se-second
lol Cant do it like me lmao
None like you,
congrats - excited to hear about the new teams!
Yes its over now i can finally watch my Lakers
Tell us your favorite skin care regimen! What do you do to get your skin in optimal health?...We want to know!
is that right?
this made my day. Now my jeep with 147k miles on it can smile.
Got rid of my Sierra Designs Flex bag and got a Montbell SS Burrow 3. After 5 different bags, shoulda gone with Montbell in the 1st place.
Still looking for flaws in you. Nope, not a single one.
Don't forget about SBP debates, happening now in the City Room!
Its 1, in the morning n im on the hotline
sweet dreams <3
When someone gets a 100 point word... it becomes Words with Enemies
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events -_-
is the #voice to watch!
It looks like simultaneous (f)(3) disclosures are here to stay. The judges like it and cases are moving fast.
Thanks for following!
I do wonder if the Silvius is actually the Silvana in the #LastExile sequel.
please follow me please!!!!!
Who do YOU want to be today? RT : Good day or bad day, ultimately MY choice.
if I could go back in time and recreate my identity as "the.fucking.librarian" and not "effing," I could have sold about 3 more t-shirts.
These hows muat think I'm sprite or something but I ain't the onw to endorse ya thirst
Only me and my coworkers would start making a beat loud as shit on the table in the teachers lounge
> THX Y 4 MT#FOLLOW FRIDAY
Yes, culture matters a lot.
“Conservative” Republicans. Ignorance. See above.
Today is the day lands in LA. Ladies, gird your loins.
We are seeking ideas for the uniforms that our craftsman will wear. Any ideas out there? The colors should be taken from our logo.
thank you. keep up the encouragement and I'll be able to go to canada by year's end!
Ladies who's up
The rain calms me. What makes you soo tired?
if you ever get caught sleeping at school/work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen!!' ^_^
The Lucky One looks like a giant turd.
POKE POKE.
"An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox." Lao Tzu
me to
Download the new NPR music app and take 89.9 with you wherever you and your iPad, iPhone or other connected device travel
Thanks for adding me to your list :)
What kind of actor do you want to be - stage, film?
Stupid dog, you make me look bad!
no, thank YOU! glad you like.
Expect a review of the ME trilogy this weekend.
will break down the Knicks Post-Linsanity on Fox 5 NY Sports Xtra w/ tonight at 10:30PM
Checked in for my flight. Now onto pack. 1 hr. til he picks me up 4 the movies...this weekend will be non-stop
Happy Sunday Night little bird, or rather young adult bird.
Don't curse the player, curse the game!
Always remember your roots.
. The last time an NFL game was played on a Wednesday was Sept 22, 1948 (Rams vs. Lions).
what are you doing this weekend? :)
yep- totally ridiculous!
Look out fi badmind friend Nuff time mi say life unfair, look how much good people life end
it's okay
- I'll plan on being extra intimidating in Vegas
I'm ready!
This weekend is going to be good 👍
We need to make more. RT : Highlight of my day: Boomer Sooner's daughter asking if she could wear my shirt
A1: On twitter and checking kula. We have some great content including shows/events posted every day.
*INSERT JOKE ABOUT "GAY PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE MISERABLE AS WELL" RE: GAY MARRIAGE
Where you watching tonight?
Neighbor-Next time you vacation, please remember to shut off your alarm clock-5:45-7:45 AM 3 days constant beeping
#Safehouse looks like an awesome movie! Plus, they put a Kanye/Jay-z track on the soundtrack!! :)
Trying To Make It Work, But Man These Times Are Hard.
Ok not to put too fine a point on the wins #Mittens had tonight but realistically how many of those will a #GOP candidate win in November?
this member of team Fletcher is exhausted.
HE DONT GOTTA COME RiTE DEN BUT HE ALWAYS RiTE ON TiME #Boosie Boo♥
RT Manufacturing is irrelevant
- another great and informative artice - thanks
If I die and go to heaven, I put your name on a golden star
lol! I can try! But I heard pledging was extended for two weeks...
Cool, just my opinion. Got some good ones submitted for sure though
It is clearly all my fault. I can tell my friends to start following you so you don't lose any :)
She want that old thing back...
ATTENTION EVERYONE! We have out House of Blues tickets for our Oct 29th show. Tickets are $17 from us! Its a steal get a hold of me or band
In Bristol's case I don't think it trickled down. I think it fell on her with one giant plop!
Cooking Class @ cookingfools.net " Pastry Chef Secrets: Chocolate Desserts" Sun 1/16 11 am - 2 pm #Chicago,#recipes,
RT : CW Head pushing on Kopplin -- why disaster grants used to "chop up & obliterate our historic housing stock"
why am I crying over one direction. I will meet them one day. Liam<3 Niall<3 Harry<3 zayn<3 Louis<3
Lol that just made my day...
TT30's no movement clause expires this summer, salary is only $3 million, 1yr left on deal. Teams won't have to make long-term commitment.
Abot to watch a movie :).
Can't wait for winter....
Super big ass headache right now!
We're one mistake from being together, but let's not ask why it's not right.<3
"If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes." ~St. Clement of Alexandra
It was this morning.
Sipping On This Dr. Pop. Yum, Delicious!
Hey there pretty girl 💜
That is awesome. Will there be a story on it?
dont forget the stuff (wink, wink)
Absolutely awesome morning.
and . Qb's better watch out for the sack attack !!!!
: Never call a guy fat, ugly, or worthless. They will never forget that.
RT : Sensible and well-crafted Right of way mgmt is essential role of govt as broadband infrastructure expands
I agree.
Anyone want to be my workout buddy? I lack serious self motivation.
Did mark may really just say motte dame will win 10 games?
no problem! Lol we will prob be there for an hour ( till 2:00). ButI'm not if they will let anyone from other schools get in
": NBA fines Delonte West $25K for poking Gordon Hayward in the ear." It was in the spirit of the stooges. Give him a break!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Aww thanks! haha what's up?(:
I'm assuming you're talking about How I Met Your Mother...I'm a huge fan of it
Happy St. Davids Day- I know you wish you were in wales today
thanks lady! I'll check 'em out after class.
I just spit out my water BAHAHA
Good for you! That is a very satisfying process.
#schoolmemories playing man on mars and foot everyone lunch and recess ! (: haha
Janss Market Place And Shelter Hope Pet Shop Hosting A Howliday Pet Parade this Saturday December 17th at noon!
Grandma ALMOST got ran over by a reindeer..
For , the issue is that XML's data definition language and data manipulation language are too separate
Hey;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Too Funny! If men knew how much we actually spend to have our hair done, I'm sure lots more men would suck it up and help.
Every time I start to text you I remember that if you wanted to talk to me you'd text me.. I'm too stubborn to give in now
No way Jose :)
how have you been? Hope your dad is doing good
Leave the cleaning to us!
model call please send pics to
Idea: I'm going to cover Radiohead's "Idioteque" with nothing but mechanical objects, their sounds and whatever else I can find lying around
It's funny when I saw Chris today he was surprised that Miriam and I still hung out with each other.
Dreamt about a tornado this morning...
very interested in seeing how it plays out.
Happy Birthday old man.....ha:)!!!
Humility is the beginning of wisdom.
Watching the 76ers. First basketball I've watched in a LONG time.
study study study..... why did i take summer classes??
#JustRememberThat home is where the heart is.
in his bcs rankings
was our 100th follower! Thanks man!
oh yes haha! it's bank holiday!
me&my best friend love you! You follow me and shes hoping that you will follow her too! PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFF
I didn't -sounds nice! “: Did you get presents from today too?? I can't wait to showe
Navarette's RBI single gives ULM the lead for the first time in the game. Score stands at ULM 3, WKU 2.
Hey ! When booking a trip, I was charged for a sold out flight. Customer Service is not helpful. How can I get further help?
Haha I was right! It did rain while I was in church!!
Closing session of #tcbsm4hr Day 1: SoMe adoption resistance? Dig age not coming - it's here. Worry not about ROI but COI - cost of inaction
Sadly. The vagina doesn't have a "clear history" button .
hm? Thanks for the RT and the follow. :)
Wow! Eagle, u were close again. I lived in Colo Sprgs-Bush was 'maybe' at NORAD. All dy/nght quiet-only buzz of fighter jets!
Note to self: think before you speak!!
omg. I got some they cutteeeee
Follow this upcoming SUPERSTAR
Friday night I got drunk watching Beauty and the Beast 3D. Last night I got drunk watching Lion King. What has my life become? haha
RT : Driving in my car, blasting my music and rapping/singing at the top of my lungs is so Therapeutic? (painful to others)
good feeling huh? lol
nobody cares -lauren
To have less trade value than Chone #Figgins, is to be Richie
You can develop a personal image & brand that gets you noticed, respected & hired with
Man On Fire is an amazing movie.
By a man being sent off for Chelsea I think its hurt Barca since Chelsea is constantly in the box limiting space
Thanks. I take it you stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night. That's how you get smarter :)
#FollowFriday Follow for good info!
lol she not gon come if she see what you said about her you better delete it
Got done eating wendys with Brendaa :D
Hey guys, Friday night is fast approaching and there's no better way to kick it off than with one of our burgers and a shake! Open til 8!
Back at you...when you back in the studio?
Thank you for playing for yesterday!!! So great to see you! Hope to see you soon!
that was hilarious, but I'm more a fan of John c reily doing the whole mike honcho bit lol and of course don't put that evil on me
ya but thats pretty good for LC! my fastest is 25.4 SC so im gonna try for high 24 SC.
Why can't my grandma still be here?I bet she would've taken me.uggghhhh
I don't know how great next season will be?! My favs are leaving..*sad face*
Can't wait to hang out with the coolest girls in town!! Nap Town Roller Girls!
Looking forward to a productive Monday!! :)
Honored you are here watching our amazing youth!
Don't know how many black people I'm offending, but I don't care; Red Tails was over rated. Good concept, good theme; bad story line!
Congrats and best of luck on your presentation!!!
Please say to me you'd let me be you man and please say to me you'd let me hold your hand <3
Just one of those nights where everybody irritating me.
- excellent, will get the word out!
i told you from the start that i love him
According to the dwarves in the Witcher's universe, the best magic is "lesbomancy."
Hands down!!
GREAT video from your Zambia trip. Kudos!
Business Word Salad.
#np Good Ones Go #myshit cus its so true
no they de-aged him 10 years
It was an honor to help research your history!
your videos always help me, thanks(:
M83 kind of day
The ugliest personality trait...Selfishness.
Game 4 in Orlando #Pacers vs
your creepy. (;
according to the webpage, "7ish" is D coming too?
Check out the videos on that last tweet....OUT of this WORLD....
multi-billion dollar companies with CEO's who make million should not pay $8 an hour. If you believe otherwise you're inhuman
Do u wait until I tweet, to tweet about some bitter shit? Just curious
ah good luck! <3
The wizard of tittes
She's guilty! I don't understand what the f' is wrong with our society
"Good Burger" is trending in Memphis. Yo have great taste.
Mixed feelings about VCU leaving CAA. The grass isn't always greener but when your program is that strong, you feel invincible.
Agreed. Haven't seen the escalades ... must STILL be a gas guzzler
Happy Wednesday!
i agree with this list.
It's crazy how fast time passes - I hope all is well across the pond.
lol damn sure was..-.-
hell yeah there sexy lol :)
A Saturday night game in the windy city for the Red Sox. Can Lester pick up his first W of the year? It's been 8 starts since he last won.
I can't log into my account! What gives?
We have several locations that you can drop #books off! At Phi Delta Theta house, Perkins on 50th, Avalon Heights, HCC Ybor, #USF St. Pete!
hm spades never disapoint
i like can't breathe i can't get over this what the fuck why
What an amazing game...Man U strikes back with a vengenance
Well i figured I'd spruce up my name a little...add a little drama. lol and see if I get more followers
That book has been touted as perfect. Many policies come from that book but have changed.
Just completed Week 2 - Day 1 (completed 1.85mi with run pace of 17:09 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
obviously I have no idea what I am doing on twitter. how did you even see any of the tweets I sent?
I've been cracking my knuckles all the time for as long as I can remember, with no side effects that I know of.... yet.
#nmssped Livescribe in action at Educamp- great for access to notes in the classroom. Also discussing Text-to-Speech
My girls would love to be at the flea market at
At the moment, Austin's body is completely shut down except his heart and..well..me, of course.
BLAZERS WIN!!! Best part about this time of year is that the NBA Playoffs are underway & that summer is right around the corner! Woo! :-)
thanks man. The keg is tapped! Come on over.
Thanks Russ! Visit Russ Aimz for excellent rock music:
Don't assume. Someone not in your specific industry may still have contacts you can mutually benefit from :
fuck that guy. He parks in the handicapped spot.
More Americans watched "NCIS" than "American Idol" or "Dancing w/t Stars" last week. So there is hope for us yet.
#FamousLies "I have to work late"; "I'll be with the guys tonight"
One in five male Americans may suffer from ED
I know someone wanted my shift. Absolut for me
dont waste your time on someone who isnt willing to waste his time on you <3
Chores...Chores...and more Chores I'll be back to tweet and follow...ugh I want ice cream
make me fell ... u make me feel... Im so gone ..... So gone over u
Congratulations Dr. Booshehri.
Jesse H.Jones High School "Mighty Falcon"Marching Band-Houston Directed By Calvin Hutson Named Honor Band For The MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Building a soundtrack for tomorrow night. Tweet in any requests...
I do that,too!
between the folds? It's actually kinda fantastic
omg i love you guys. i watched your movie evertime it was on nice. im a really big fan, can i get a follow please?
Bout to watch Project X, kinda stoked
I fuck and eat the pussy good so no other nigga tempts my bitch!
They obviously were too busy to deal with anyone that may catch their hijinks....
that feels good :)
Oh, okay. I've heard it before. I thought it was shutdown. What's the new link to it? Yeah, it's very obnoxious.
cause you said & I quote "You Can See My Cookie?" lol caught yo ass
For the next two hours, we are watching a movie and available for all questions
That was beautifully written. Thank you, and congratulations!
Good morning :)
What's upwith the red line!
you know it's love when you have bruises from "cowbites" hahhaha. <3
lol but fys is awesome and id still go
what you doing for workouts?
Hair intergrations will not blow off on a windy day , you can go swimming you wear it 24/7!!!! service in the salon 4 to 6 weeks
oh okay :)
gonna go to bed drowning in my feelings for agent coulson
k did so, good luck, it doesnt show the votes or place- do you know on your part or is it all hidden until the final day?
Pennywise - bro hymn Best song!
One succesful rule to follow when applying a succesful multichannel strategy: measure, analyze & optimize. Repeat. Insights from
Even in a lockout I'm gonna keep hating! Screw you , zero rings and not counting.
never too early for a diet coke and 'breakfast' burrito
Special thanks to for "dead tweeting" tonight's show! We'll be sticking around for a talkback after.
Thanks so much Jae!!!
Great Information BRAVADA Provides Fourth Quarter, Full Year 2011 and Full Year 2012 Revenue Guidance LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BRAVA
When we get to 900 likes we will post a new video! Help us by hitting the "suggest to friends" button on the top right.
Gonna Take a Quick Break From Twitter And do a Few Errands. I'll be Back in Time For Ari's Live Chat! See You Soon Tweethearts (: xx
I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Wow! How can some people bad mouth a player like that!
Looking 4 ideas on general interest daily news podcasts to subscribe 2. / already on the list. Others?
When I was little I wanted more than anything in the world to I change my name to Lisa. Like Lisa Frank. And Lisa Simpson
Goodnight everybody!!
When you cry ill hold you tight.....
There is always beauty in the struggle, chasing those desires and setting the world on fire.
vinny's bmor dance video that he posted
Damn it The lucky one made me cry a little
Oh that was a good one! The Halloween party is our favorite night of the year.
Banana pudding and Girl with the Dragon Tattoo DVD
Yes! I'll DM details to you. :-)
you better not be pregnant, I'll break your legs! ;p my mom made bread pudding last night, so good
Hey I just saw your last name on a sign, & I started freaking out because it was your last name<3
Classy world class performance by spurs.
#FF Bringing the #juvenilejustice news to you from the South Eastern US!
Magic on Chris Paul - "He must score the basket"
Good Luck, S'town Lady Eagles! (:
My first appointment to try on wedding dresses is today. Anyone have any advice on this process. I'm going alone.
Wishing everyone a fun a SAFE holiday weekend!!
I always get my clicker questions right ha.
No, it was Economics class and we were focusing on Business Organization.
In the mood to color an entire book 💛💙💜💚❤...it's serious!
Spaniards are the shit.
#Rockies Tulo hits fifth today, in part because he's in a slump vs. lefties and because he's hitting .138 vs. Dodgers Ted Lilly.
No job, smoke cigarettes, have a marijuana habit, live with your mom...SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT REASON TO HAVE A KID.
i think i finally got my twitter and fb to work as one! woot!
Increadable Prices to selected marketing items coming soon!
I'm so jealous! I have a prior commitment until 8, so I'll be dashing to Water Street right after, likely missing Mrs. Skannotto.
Bonfire tomorrow with Lucas<3
hey austy! ;D
Looking forward to signing with "The Brass Agency" and having all my reels edit to post on YOUTUBE, audition today for GOGO Productions
I was listening to One More Drink. My mom caught me and flipped shit. lol.
Frappicino Happy Hour!!!! Man I love
And I'm pulling for Cindy, even if the copy editor did find an error in Webster's
Word is that there were only like 20 seniors at MHS today ;) Haha we rock!
today's not my day 😞
thank you all for your love, support, and kind words. it's been a terribly rough couple of days
Oh shit that's the OG. I used to listen to 2 Unlimited's Twilight Zone & pretend it was the Mortal Kombat theme song.
Haven't been on a first date in I don't know how long... Wish me luck
I'm waiting for the backwards spider monkey demo. You win funniest co-worker, once again.
have had the pleasure of meeting Chris Colfer..one of my favorite people. He'll continue to do great things, for sure.
congrats! Thats amazing! Your hard work is paying off!
Johnny Cash died on this day in 2003. I learned more about him after his death.
I don't care how old I am, I am going in the bouncy castle.
Amityville II: The Possession was the #1 movie this day in 1982. Scary movies scare me. Duh.
Good Morning! What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving! My day began at 7am, now im about to run, then watch parades, watch the #Packers , eat eat eat, & go to the movies!
People don't realize there is an at to reading aloud to a group of children. My student teacher had that art. Hope it lasts.
Things are going to work out. Things are going to get better. I can feel it.
Let's get some clarification here first - are we talking projects he directed or just projects from Jim Henson Studios?
Why do the suck at shootouts?
Hey thanks! I did not realize that this was my twitterversary!
Upper bostonside is for sure cooler. RT upper bostonside
no doubt missy
yogurt makes for sexy mice. coming up in 2 minutes.
Parades are for the people who pay for them.
aww Feel better soon ...
Movie theater popcorn butter is liquid crack.
Let good digestion wait on appetite and health on both. William Shakespeare
ok cool. Are you going to SJC?
WOW. That cookie bouquet is the perfect Mother's Day gift. Hopefully, mom will share right? :)
Working on dee lyricals
I tell people "Ill kill you" too much
Wow going to bed!! This is early for me!! I feel weak!!
If Carlos's ice cream social wasn't at 5:30 lord knows I wouldn't be driving to work right now
I use to want you so bad, im so thru with that, cuz honestly u turned out to be the best thing i never had.
New Music Out Now! Support your local charity! Just Keepin It Real
Don't ever get me started on lit crit. I hope you enjoyed the ride.
PLEASE #Killyourself if #thesituation is your role model.
perhaps CEO's can learn about getting away with resume tweaks of their past by reading edwired techniques
There are many I wish to follow or follow-back...but I don't know how to move past the 2000 friends limit. HELP?
what's with all the moths last couple of days. Our yard in Arlington has been swarming with them! A little better today.
Dell has 3.5 million direct interactions with customers daily
Both must be present, right, if we're going to wipe away AQ status & (appropriately) do away with artificial BCS constraints?
...a corresponding degree of health and physical development would be attained by their offspring.
good luck Waves!!!
Really good data day at work - everything I needed was right there - probably subconsciously influenced the purchase of that SQL book.
One month later
Don't b stopped bc others can't see what you see!
Day 2 of all night shoot.... This should be the last day of filming for me
I honestly don't care what the others are doing. TA is about innovation to change up what's in.
Congrats to & his beard! So deserving.
Everyone fears something...if you say you don't fear nothing...that's a lie
Glad to hear! Take care.
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
I KNOW(: and yeah we could that would be awesome!(: and fun(:
Dropping a stack at the horse races in Florida
nun im not even sittin next to him ill tell him when we on 71st
i never want to be on divorce court
... Then have the nerve to get mad because the author isn't putting out work fast enough! Just curious... How many of you work for free?
A good night for both #MiamiU hockey teams! RT Its a final from oxford lady redhawks 5 wmu 4.
Just woke up to a helicopter circling my neighborhood.....
I so caught up in my on style
if you look like this, you would understand but you don't so u hate on me cause I do. Good lookin out by the way.
I know, I know, I've become a passive consumer on Twitter. But I haven't been producing much content on any platform lately.
Jenna Marbles: good for a laugh and a few wasted hours that you could've been studying for midterms. :D
I bet didn't even ask her mom.
bedtime for me, gotta go shopping in the morning......
Physical Activity and Weight Control May Help Impr
Even though I'm sick, I went out for a walk with my E. It was a nice day for it! Beautiful!
I wish i knew whether you liked me or not, so i would know if i should keep hanging on or just let go.
Oh well... good morning
All I gotta say is I love my family! Merry Christmas!
'Cause when that BubbaGumpLip jokah flicked through those racks musing about mermaid gowns?! Whoa no.
it was that time long ago. Unfortunately I'm still at work. Have one for me!
I can make you another 1/2 pot and a couple of espressos if you clean my house?
This past weekend has us all Jacked up. We could have sworn it was Wednesday! ugh
Tomorrow I'm headed to the Ventura Flea Market....is it any good?
I returned my library books today. Whew! They were dusty.
OMG ... Maggie Griffin is on #Kathy! Love her! My TV is the carrot to move to New York ;)
Got skin issues and don't know where their coming from?? Try a gulten free diet. Cut out processed food for good to get glowing skin !
DH used for reclaiming cultural identity and retelling historical narratives
a treat 2 x a week makes life worth living, just make the other 5 days more "monastic" and you have won eating for life.
Lifes like licking honey from a thorn..
Too bad #elimanning isn't on Twitter. Just learned he'll have to great good fortune to have the room of THE tomorrow night.
Best wished to the Men of JCSU in Belmont tonight!!!
aye aye sir! Thanks for letting us know
You need to check out the link we just posted! <3
Just got out of the shower. Should have planned ahead.
collected excellent data about 2nd Life collaboration. kudos to our wonderful students who had to get up to meet online at 9am on a Sat
"Mom, you hate on me!" "What are you talking about? I feed you!"
congratulations to cameron for being accepted early decision to
well I miss you little fellow! How's life been? Can we get together soon pulease💅💆💆
Workout fail this morning.
Since his birthday on 13 April, John William has gained a pound and grown an inch! Now 9 lbs. 5 oz., 22 1/2 inches.
That's not a good reason! Lol if we think you're a lazy intern, you'd know. You're doing fine. Sounds like writers block.
Love the Rottis in your picture. I'm training myself and rehabilitating my female rotti. I hope I can be what she needs.
LOL of course im happy
Shock> Denial> Anger> Despair> Depression> Acceptance> Reorganisation. Injured athletes experience the same psych stages as those bereaving.
Yeah, was hoping at least one of those would be a good fit for my blog. Maybe...
this is what u said and i quote "Nobody wants to chill with you buddy"
that's right. I knew it! Canadian gurls R more fun! Ur soo lucky I don't live closer!
now are you going to party with us all the time? lol
Thank u to all my amazing singers for sharing the Workshop Singer's experience and bring your talent and insight to all of us! You all rock
haha thanks jess!
DMX will forever get me in the mood for a fucking brawl!
of course it was :)
Great! I will set one up. Everyone let me know how many folks you'd like to invite.
Did you know? - #DorothyHeight was the National President of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority from 1947 - l956.
Just heard Adam Yauch passed away. Really sad about this. Thanks for the music!
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me three times, I don't think so Paranormal Activity 3
you know you wanna hit that follow button(;
.....if people could be more into their bike and less into their powder boy image, their bike wouldn't be a complete fucking jank pile.
Yesterday, someone asked me if I knew this random Asian guy walking down the street. Cuz I'm Asian. Well, I did. It was Hung from Top Chef.
That back drop is amazing
Welcome David!
i can talk to you both at the same time.
Hey but you know what doesn't smell good, a mixture of reefer and seafood.
Dennis, thanks for the RT!
Thanks pretty lady!!!!
What you know about it take notes nigga
Friday evening rush hour traffic is totally unsafe...wherever you are.
What a great idea!
like a bad ocean experience very choppy feed. But hopefully only 20 mins more
I still don't understand why anyone wants to follow me... am I the herd's bellwether? anyway, thanks for the follow!
This makes me happy.
I've been too busy to tweet! How can I keep track of my life if I don't tweet?
Time to get up and get dressed for dinner and drinks ♥
Kudos 4 your moving, touching, engaging acct. in SI of how 2 of the world's best tennis plyrs survived the Titanic. Well done!
love u
I'm surprisingly okay with this decision
Fired up and ready to welcome to our #Obama2012 Nat'l Volunteer Leader Call at 7:30pm ET
how u know my sister
The 6th floor arsonist struck again!
Alright, And.
cleanin' other peoples houses are funner than cleaning your own ! !
But her hood as sexy as hell. My ass falls for any hood, stripper chick lookin chick.
love you too.
I could be wrong...but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era.
drawback working #TheodoresOriginal #HotDogs this wknd: onion-smelling hands … but it was worth it. don't forget to stop by Union & Walden!
I'm crying literally omg Khun! I haven't even seem victoria, is she even on stage?
Finally looked up where IBM is physically located -- you are right around the corner!
Nah,nah not the rain-___- stupid rain go away! Your TO loud & I wanna sleep:(
I know lady :( working too if it makes you feel any better...
heyheyhey I hope you have your ipod. did you drive there or need a ride?
y would ibe mad at u
We salute our friends & colleagues as they embark on their 15th anniversary celebration later this month.
The Style Setters party is well underway. Missoni, Escada, and Hugo Boss galore!
The Talmud~ A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
METS game TONIGHT! So excited. :)
New haircut!
Today has been a good day. I signed up for a class and got an important call. Yes 2012 is starting out right!
Yes it is! I love hearing you sing!! :D :D
still tryin to figure it out...lol
now now..you only get a hug nothing more..lol..hm don't know when will that happen
you would lol
Well it sounds to me like you are all in far away and often fab places so here I am on the Isle of Wight and off to our local tapas bar!
#preparing for a great client presentation for tomorrow by resting and ramblin' today. dont forget to #chill #breathe #kickit TO the couch
Hey, give everyone a break, before this year all we knew how to spell was 'first round' and 'loss.'
Just sent Curren$y this hit!!
I think everyone is misunderstanding. Mike D'Antoni performed a magic trick and disappeared as a coach.
Holy crap bombshell! Look at that tiny waist! You look fantastic! <3
RT : RT : 109 in Dallas. 103 in Austin. Proof Austin is cooler than Dallas.
I went a whole day without it
when you bringing the new blood in? I'm out at 6 today. Don't be a stranger either or I'll send someone over to cockpunch you.
so tell me who are you going to take off of the all conference ODAC team...and remember its a combination of statistics..
I'm the sickest in the system
haha... love your tweet girlfran! YES!
Its a beautiful morning in #sandiego and i'm stuck studying for a math test, all i got to say is
FOLLOWED YOU B... RAW MUSIC.. FOLLOW BACK
RT : One cannot lead w/out respect nor can one succeed w/out change.
no complitable without that console.
No school for mee today.
At D.H. Stanton Elementary community meeting. Parents and neighbors fired up, chanting for district to keep school open.
Best thing about living in an apartment? I'm finally learning how to cook. Worst thing? I have to eat the food I make.
I'm sorry you feel that way :( I'm a mom, I want to fix things :( You are very hard on yourself love.
i'm goin over to my folks place for shots and meat on a stick. wedding talk, baby talk, job talk and music. it's a niceish day.
All plays are performed by #women. They wear men's clothes to play men. It is a big deal to wear pants in a public setting!
Is it just me or was that one of the worst Usher performances ever? Sounds like he was going through puberty right on stage
Big thaw in NY City today. Now inches of water at every corner. Meeting world famous drug and steroid doctor for endorsement.
you seriously have to get out to the Node on any given Thursday. That's the M.O. every week. No sponsors, no eventbrite, just do.
I want to sleep already
X-Factor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees before&pays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Deadass. New York sports what are we doing?
Something is screaming outside. I can't tell if it's a child or a raccoon. Just Jesus' way of reminding me I'm not ready to be a parent.
Happy #Festivus! I've got a lot a problems with you people and you're going to hear about it.....
are we sure that isnt actually tebow?
I have a new number again # 6313743493
Thanks for the follow! Following back. BTW you're up to 101.
I appreciate the encouragement and support.:-) I hope to be an encourager too.:-)
She’s Been A Crazy Dita Disco Diva… And You Wonder: “Who’s That Chick?"
FACT -- There is a HUGE Disproportionate Representation of the Poor and those with a Disease in the Criminal Justice System
Today going to be some bullshit
The rejection you receive because of your commitment to Jesus may hurt. But don't let that deter you. He is MORE than enough.
RT : Thanks - I am going to use your suggestions when I visit camp on Monday
Sorry to be a downer, she lived a long and happy life. Still miss her, though.
Responded to VACATE @ 139-55 230 Place, Queens, NY 11413 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Christmas weekend is finally coming to an end, can't wait to relax! Hope everyone had a happy holiday!
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND SPECIAL 30% OFF ON ALL BOOKINGS! CALL NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR CELEBRATION! WWW.OKCPARTYBUS.COM (405) 447-2446
umm seriously you watch those shows?
We are working on an advertisement flyer to hand out at this year's Gay and Lesbian Pride Event in Long Beach. Having fun creating it...
What an HONOR. Thank you!
Wait, wait, wait... Metal night? But it's a Sunday.
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time - the first question is can they three-peat?
I can't believe you forgot Women's Day.
he tried to steal that from me too!!!!!!
If you were at POSH last Fri then you knw to get there extra early TONIGHT...LADIES DON't HV TO WAIT IN LINE...JUST WALK TO THE FRONT!
SHOW TODAY! Versus Leviathan, Jamie's Elsewhere, Scarlet O'Hara! doors at 7 @ White Rabbit! $10! BE THERE! This will be Episode 4.75!
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
thank you Mike.
Oh My Goodness Gracious I feel horrible!
That txt >__<
thanks for the invite. I'm not really an Ibsen fan but I'll check out your webseries. Sounds funny!
Looks like I gotta take that morning shit yall lol
excited to #klout w/ :)
beautiful! Hope all is well!
been to yet? Check out Friday's #Irish lineup on the #Harley stage
We must see it together.
Let me know if there is anything I can answer about Directv for you. Oh yea there is a good deal on the NFL Sunday Ticket btw.
lol it's ok girl
Wow, still struggling 'eh Brian? What channel is that on, versus? “: 6 days till ”
Wait, What now? Did #AllenWest just declare himself an objectum sexual? When does #MyStrangeObsession start taping?
haha indeed :D
And it still works!
Waaaahh. I'm sleepy. Oh well just one test standing b/w me and the pool.
could have been even better if they got hill in round two. I love every other pick tho. Brooks and carder are steals
Today is one of those days when "lunch" really means run around outside.
Since Wizards was the ONLY funny show on disney & is is stb over, is perfect <3 (y)
#YouWereCuteUntil I heard you speak.
Cheers to the freakin weekend :)
haahaha SAME <3 <3 but I gtg I'm really tired...talk to me tomorrow maybe? Haha we can work together!!
hope you guys are still around when santacon hits.... we could do an epic march!
watchin illinois hopefully beat ohio.. fuck the buckeyes
Here placing a takeout order and seeing my favorite Scotty's employees and ! They are the best!
"low hanging fruit" #bootcamp6 is resorting to anti-gay comments to get elected. Vote
Started following some really talented designers lately. You guys are amazing!
What is that? Read the latest letter? You're in it!
Congratulations to our Math Tutor of the Month, Leota D!
We first explored this issue last Memorial Day - Congress designated Post Office yet PO doesn't allow plaque or name on the building.
Omw to this tournament in the van with my team !
im soo glad its friday !! :D
I need all the bitches, I got alot need a island!! Lol
Wings have their work cut out for them in the 3rd....
So He Mad.
I'm not gonna give up💙 I love him so much. & I'm so happy I'm on vacation right now ah I'm in his time zone 💙 I love him
Would like to tell the world and that March is awesome for college basketball and the best beer ever!!
Getting ready to list a beuatiful 2007 Sea Ray 320 Sundancer. Very low hours, one owner, loaded, lift kept. Will keep you posted!
I'm down, potentially. Shoot me an email re: what you're looking for.
Just renewed my "I voted and therefore feel entitled to complain about the government!" membership
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens. Spring 2012 publication date approaching fast.
I've never been much of a napper. I'll help keep them in business a bit longer
What's it look like? I'll check.
come to buffalo I miss youu!
Eight days a week!
LMAO..... you'll get the hang of it, looks like your a pro already lol:)
Stolen Rubens recovered in Greece? Thank god they found those sandwiches.
Actually attending an event without my camera for once. I feel ... naked, and I haven't even left the house, yet.
ditto - but it is about to be looking up
Yea so what if I'm goin to Cabo for unlimited tacos and 2 for 1. I may be a deuch, but I'm a broke deuch that knows a deal when I see one
obviously he is just showing his true colors.
ESPN kickin' off the Longhorn Network today at 5 on campus!
Zumba starts this Monday at 6:30pm!!! Don't miss it!
Fill in the blank: I admire ______________ for his/her style and fashion sense. Tag your friend!
Where's Kev ?
I lost my lunchbox at school. My mommy made it with so much love<|3
i hate my fucking dad.
Getting ready for #FashionsNightOut this Thursday! Excited for 30% off latest collection... Gorgeous shoes!
Regardless of what Montel did, Spaz now has a long track record of mismanagement & terrible player relationships.
Going to let my precious dogs out! They been caged up all day. Poor babies. Mama's coming.
FUNNY - Ellen Scares Her New Employees
Lol, yes, next book. Independents certainly do have Mass and then some! ICs love Mass. ;-)
My tux is ready for prom!
i'm still in bed :P
Yoga has always helped people find peace of mind
rocks my socks literally! This pedicure idea of hers was spot on! Now on to lunch!
“: Together to the top.” Truth.
Did orig. cataloging on CD w/ coll. title and multiple works/composers at fieldwork today. None of my FB friends will get why this was fun.
get it mama!!
STOP TAKING YOUR LIFE SO SERIOUSLY.
Can you DM us your Zipcard # so we can look at your account location & the Zipcars in your hood to follow up?
That's that BULL!!! Defense WTH
difficult when you're also representing too many 'brands'. Are you or are you Wonderchook, LLC?
Money is like a good woman, if you don't handle it properly, it will leave you & go to someone else who can.
Sure am! RT The #lulusfabfitfun party is already about halfway over! Are you having FUN?!
Bye Hollie! It was good to see you almost come back and win it all! So proud of you! :) See you on tour!
I love that someone else enjoys a crisp BL on occasion too
Going to Public Choice Society in Miami? Visit our table to meet Keith Dougherty, author of Calculus of Consent and Constitutional Design.
Monday - Friday from 3 to 6, VIA's got #HappyHour specials to keep that grin on your face! Wine, beer, mixed drinks and more!
Goodmorning ......too asleep #notenoughsleep..and jamming out the 2 out of only MEN id EVER go straight for
Locked my keys in my truck
Sitting at Delta Sonic with the van getting detailed for tonight's festivities and suddenly realize that I haven't eaten today...
A little bit longer and I'll be fine...
We need Democrats like Lori in Washington who will fight for middle class priorities, not surrender them to radicalized Republican desires.
Not all scars show, not all wounds heal. Sometimes you can’t always see the pain someone feels.
It's Danger.
TV: Diners Drive-Ins & Dives (8PM FOOD) is worth checking out for the deep-fried tacos; at 9PM, new episodes of Grimm (NBC) and Fringe (FOX)
One of our moms is facing her fears by going back to school! Follow her story here...
i forgive & forget it and then you promise me i wont regret it . but i do its not right . b/c i turn around let it slide.
Me and #twitterless Anna can't sleep.
where .which 1
What's the deal with growing full beards in the #NBA #nowadays?
To all Agencies, Brands & Content Producers attending SXSW, contact for a FREE LUXURY BUS PASS good for the entire week
You betcha! :) RT Alright West Coast: 2-hours of #glee starts now! Are you watching?
First two days in the kitchen = totally awesome, also brutal. Left both days feeling completely drained, but also giddy and pumped.
stabbing pain in my ovaries. tmi?
"True happiness consists in making happy." Bharavi's Kiratarjuniya, Hindu --- I'm so happy.
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
I cant watch this .. -_-
Monkey. RT : Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
lmao. Yup only in Tampa!
haha. I would tap that !! Lol
Need to get son ready for school. He acts as if Mom does not exist, and Mom is not cool. Ah, preteens. It's part of growing up, but hurts.
Yeah Jennifer! We're finally going to get together! Can't wait to see "In My Sleep" on Friday!
have video archive of conference?
Got here late, I'm Dawn Saunders. Good chat tonight!?
In Il, When they call the roll in the State Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty".
This is one of the funniest tweets I've ever received. Sadly, I'm afraid it clearly reflects what we are in for in Dayton.
Jimmy Fallon, you are ridiculously awesome. So are you stephen colbert!
on this day in food history: canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales (1936) cheers!
Hamels should get suspended for a Month
I'd like to do more #flipclass standards-based grading. Experimenting now.
lmaoo I need some money. $$$
My son is 3 years old!! 😱
Good morning, today's goals: Clean out room to move, finish book n begin the other one, draft an action plan!!! LA lets go!
Sometimes fact is stranger than fiction but damn, it makes really good fiction - I love fodder!
Chicago diner is in the same direction as the game, so might not be a good idea to try to get there right now
Windwood: Leadership requires us to listen for what's next. Can't rely on old tools
Love yah too, thanks for all of your awesome support!
At the NAIOP Awards Gala in anticipation of an award for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial
The GC handbook looks awesome. Did you manage to find it in digital form?
The cool story is gunna be me on the 5 o'clock news for straight murderin yo ass for sayin ''COOL STORY BRO''.
You running Ogden in May?
Been babysitting ever since I got out of school. I'm ready to go home! All 5 kids are asleep.. Lucky bastards.. :(
People volunteer when it's about them, not when it's about you
COME OUT TONIGHT!
It's like when we all moved from Friendster to MySpace to FB. Not being able to move your friend list is a feature, not a bug.
what's up playa
perfect :P we will have pictures of the prize shortly!
I could get low I could get low don't know which way is up
Arguments are to find out who is right. Discussions are to find out what is right.
At Mahopac Public Library, in comfy chair, with beautiful view of lake & smiling librarians. Thx to all who keep it going!
lmfaooo x) welcome to the club:p aha
1. Do u have pets? 2. Will u do another rap? 3. Will u follow me?
RT : Dog... come on... RT : Everyone should bow down to me for saving baseball and many lives
ha ha, thanks for following - start planning a dance friendly halloween costume now ;)
Big thanks to the crew from for doing their contact mic and bending buddy workshops with us today. Have a great show tonight!
I can't stand it
Haven't been on here in a good minute..
thanks Patrick! Make sure to use ur promo code and earn $5 for each referral, keep up the good work!
that's what everyone keeps telling me :o I know when I'm older, i'll wanna be young.. but I can't help wanting to be older. D:
That she does! One of the things I love about her. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, hard-working, selfless moms out there - you ARE appreciated!
I have been stuck in the Chi with a broken car for 3 days. Hope you guys well. Make all of us from MI Who are stuck proud!
i have a question is your fragance in any store like Macy's or something? ? Porfavor responde guidette
thx for the tweet, !
I don't look at my TL because aint shit to look at
Ended up on the score board at the brewer game and I was itching the side of my nose/cheek and it looked like i was picking my nose. GREAT
oh why does tonight suck
Euphemism of the day: "Adjacent process overflow" (= interruption)
follow the belt!
RT LOL i tweet the word diet and that gets me a new follower .. Hello diet tips, bye diet tips ...
A9: No team for me yet. Just me :-)
haha wow what a face!
My cellphone is completely messed up. So guess who gets to spend the rest of the evening arguing with customer service? This guy! :-)
“: Someone Want to fix my mac?” this is why I have a pc lol
you mean Eazy-E?
banana pancakes.
My GPS says, "now keep right, then left"..I'm sorry, come again?? Is now/then a specific time frame?
Oh, Okay.
Nobody but JESUS!
