[GOOD 2 KNOW] | Marijuanna is illegal because Pharmacists & Private Prison owners have deeper pockets than we do!!
this training was REALLY interesting before but now it is REALLY boring
Can't wait til tomorrow night.
Join me @ 12:30 today 4 an intimate tour (10 ppl max) behind the scenes. Will show u art that hangs in our offices & more.
1st there were Julius & Ethel Rosenberg, then there was Nixon: Now there is The Obama Levin McCain GESTAPO Bill. Welcome to the learning C
did you watch caprica at all? I felt so cheated on that one...
#Educause10 #e10_sess041 compare budget cuts from CCS to budgets from CDS. What if cut was off of an increase? Line would be flat not down
If you follow me JUST to get a follow back, please refrain. I'm not in the twitter numbers game. Hate to lock down my account.
Anyone know how many books Season 2 of #GameOfThrones will cover? I'm hearing lots of different things...
THERE WILL BE NO VIPS FOR NEXT WEEK FUCK THIS SHIT.
The 2012 Camp Ronald McDonald at Eagle Lake summer staff has been selected!
Well played! There is a lot to celebrate this weekend (derby, fight, cinco). Are you picking up a ticket this sunday night?
Started tearing down the burb for new head gaskets today. Hopefully I can finish tomorrow. Thanks Eric, sure you can't come back tomorrow?
Shout out to our new followers!
M's vs. Indians today... at 12:05pm! Watch it here! M's out for #tigerblood?
#salute to you lady!! How are you beautiful?
This morning it was more jog than run. It's a process.
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today (Part II)
96% of people who found a lost smartphone attempted to use it...
staying with college friend. Cannot wait to see you. Where to go? You obviously decide.
Cafe-nice vibe,steady traffic. What do u think makes a great coffee place?
= the only reason I watch victorious.
And, I really want to see their shipping container satellite libraries for myself someday!
i kno she said i couldn't come cuz i was gonna peek at the cake!
Can't wait! RT : are exhibiting at the Successful Selling Expo! We look forward to seeing you there!
If you can work hard for somebody else, you can do it for yourself.
A little short but a really awesome fight
Brewers look like they're facing Greg Maddux tonight, John Smoltz last night, and Roger Clemens the night before...sad displays each game
TODAY - WIFV DC CAREER Boot Camp 2012: Building a Successful Career in a Slow Economy TODAY. I'll be there 9:30-12, stop in and say hello
It's really nice! And there's also a new Clover food truck there!!
spectacular, obviously!
we play Bash Rip Rocks in Lubbock tomorrow ;)
Everbody's Irish on St. Patricks Day! Even Shamus shows a little leg that day!... I'm thinkin' he should run the mini in a kilt!
LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week. Play vs real legends, win cool prizes, FREE games. New lineups every week.
thanks for the RT!
anybody wanna hit the
Rain for the next three days. :(
Eeyore's a donkey?? When did that happen??
I love your photos!
Beaten even....
I like that he said "pretty sweet deal" hahahaha
wish i were there :)! one of the most beautiful places on earth :)!
trying to be. Lol no just old photos I had.
Man did u get my txt
Pretty cool for and Just received a little plug on 's
Threw up 37 times on my zero g flight. I'm not a prime candidate. LOL!!
I need to buy The Announcement since I missed it. The research I'm working on is about HIV and heterosexual black men 20 years later.
what did you get? #gophillies!!!
thanks for the follow gents!
If your in miami at Mynt or loui look for my bro money mike with the VIP hook up.
Not there. In LA.
ant! hope all is well! are you going to any other days at bamboozle?
Agreed RT : M I love COFFEE
at least the commentary from my friends . . .
I shop at Kroger, because Walmart is mainstream.....
Our new music upload series continues! Check them out now in 'Sweepers'.
so cute!
Pictures please!
Much education today is monumentally ineffective
:) thank you!
Interesting... This election scares me.
That's just what we like to hear. Come back and see us soon!
#Packers need a stud RB they haven't had a great RB since Ahman Green.And a couple of CB its time to upgrade Bush and Lee.
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be entered into the drawing for a pair of #VIP tickets!
last time we spoke you said you were hurting and I felt your pain in my heart
Everytime I get on twitter I get all emotional and what not. I didn't think five homo-sexuals could do this to me.
When you have that talk with your mom about her at your age & you realize how much you learn about her. I've been blessed.
I truly believed she would overcome her addiction & sing a new song. There was no song greater than #Whitney's talent.
RT : Okay P.S. It does not come on Sundays anymore, it was moved
A 3x5 might enhance the mood and the view.
cause, effect or both? How is it still ok to portray violence toward women as fun?
So.... That game today...
and i need some followers or i get money taken out of my check lol
#StopKony founder found going nuts in PB. Stay classy San Diego!
Corona O'clock
Haha we'll have to stop by a bar in northgate and tag up your area. Is the Nectar info on your facebook?
Anybody watching this 17-year-old putting Sharapova to work?
I think best under pressure and on my feet. Found that out today.
So pissed!! My phone won't upload a pic and I saw something pretty neat tonight!
happy birthday(:
Today is the last day to early vote. Go show your support for Ameya!
Uuuuggh. This is intolerable. But I can't turn away...
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!115
I've got a new pink cast. (:
Hope all goes well for you tomorrow. Will be pulling for you as long as u aren't playing
I have given the authority to an app on Facebook to make posts on my behalf, and I feel ambivalent about artificial intelligence once again.
"Who ya got--Lakers or Nuggets?"
I need a f---- drink, I hate being on meds. I should take a sip!
Welcome to the team ! Looking forward to meeting you at the #PolarExpress Meet & Tweet next week!
Hm what to do tonight ?
I aint a fat ass I just eat alot
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement."
ON A BEAT N DEN TRAPPIN HAD DA SLOW DOWN CANT BURN DA STUDIO DOWN WIT TRAFFIC N DEES WHITE PPL LIKE WOW NOW
Hugs are the universal medicine. ~Author Unknown (via: )
Thanks, Chris. Love these virtual handshakes! Have a good day!
really nice guys these dudes. Trying to see if we can bang out some heat together...
Lord have mercy on us all.
Talkin on my cella phone and I got that purple on me..
I think you meant while your spotting him because that when your nuts would be right over his face. You ever smelt yo home boys??
all that make up you know they hiding something and what the fuck is always so funny psychos
EMINEM KING OF RAP !!
Yes, it's turning out to be another full day of dyspeptic lumber barons and their euchre-playing wives...
haha no sir, it looks like someone took some fireworks to my regular QT spot.
(Also, let the record show that though I abuse old-style RTs, it is only b/c I like sticking commentary on things)
Did you know it's National Grilled Cheese Month? Enjoy a grilled and try the Melthouse Bistro. So many delicious grilled cheese options
I still love you it's ok dnt cry
MY MIND IS ALWAYS WORKING SO DON'T BE SURPRISE WHAT YOU SEE
#Thosepeople that you just constantly imagine different scenarios of you two making out/fucking.
alright , my tweets are meaann! haha . just annoying . who else hates when people run their mouths & start rumors!?
Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight. Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight.
l wanna go out somewhere.
Cocktail party at the Flaten-Erickson household!
I missed Kevin Kelly's presentation. What are the 5 dimensions of a networked book?
mine too, come say hi
8-0 run by the Thunder.
Game was poppin hole team did good me had a dunck a pice
RT : Free Sean Payton Rally is this Sunday @ 1pm @ Champion Square. Wear black & gold & bring signs. RELAY THE MESSAGE.... RT
Just saw #oomf tweets...& my response to that is; i will be that "some one" you need :) ......seriously though <3
Leadership - He who has learned how to obey will know how to command.
Can Rick Spielman run the #Twolves draft as well? #kaaaaahhhhhnnnnnn!!!
Good seeing you guys, have fun. Next time I'll take you on a more scenic Philly walk.
washer is broke water everywhere, i will not let this water stop me from cleaning my clothes WASHER<ME, fix problem when done!
Just want to say, #thanks. #lovinglife and the people around me.
To all my new followers thank you so much for the add! It means a lot to me.
Romney is really a Dem at heart or what ever it takes or cost to stand a chance to win the ultimate prize!!!
Picture this we were both butt naked banging on the bathroom floor ;) gotta love
If I run into you, I'd like to hear more
RT : Tired of everything ~
My last RT are my favorite lyrics of all time omg
Now Following !!
Renowned Designer Charles Hanlon Tampa Florida Joins Armory Show
I can't sleep--I'm on a high right now.
I gotta wait til I get paid... but I totally want to help out.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "So Addictive!!! I stay up allnite PLAYING!!!" by Adonna
Rep yo city ... throw some money in the sky
To all the #titanic fans out there check out: i can't wait to see what the tweets are like tonight.
Sometimes we can hold so tightly to what we enjoy that we deny ourselves the opportunity to enjoy new and different things. We can become s…
A hit dog will holler . If you didn't do anything...whaat'chu mad for ?
So sorry for your loss Jenna :( Sending Prayers, Hugs, & Kisses to you! ♥XOXO♥
RT When you're around wise people..that shit rubs off on you...the same way it rubs off on you if you're around dummies.
Heat are still gonna kill them next game. It's one win for the Knicks, big deal.
Oh that's lovely.
Life is like a bowl of soup, you only get blown if your hot.
The CE & DLC buyers need to feel like they got significant value. We can't know how central it is to plot until it's out.
It's on today...don't make me learn you hoe!
thank you for following us, great paintings!!
It's true.
You know, Mazda, I can't drive to the airport to catch a plane when you won't start.
good luck in Knoxville!
we need all the help we can get! If u guys can't back it plz tweet and spread the word! :D
I love when graphical problems can be solved with simple transforms on Cartesian coordinates without messy non-Euclidean math.
Early and frequent comm keeps community invested in your project and success. No comm = no buy-in and tough roll-out.
So glad we met today!!!! Sorry for my space out earlier. You are amazing!
That's right, just hit 50 followers. Whatever. No big deal. Watch out
RT : Game Day here in Tallahassee! #UVa vs. at 8 pm. Watch it live on ESPNU or ESPN3.
Have you seen Tony Bennett lately?... He looks and sounds so wonderful. Go out and buy the CD today!
DHHS Programming Teacher Derrick Smith will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
As I'm in a #good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, #follow me now!
#favmoviequote If your a bird... I'm a bird.
In VT SAFE-T schools show positive change in adult support, knowledge of sexual abuse & bystander intervention. Call BCAC to offer 4u
Is the Megachurch the New Liberalism?
Join us @ 7:25pm as our "mini-horses" take to the track under the lights with a $3K guaranteed Tri-Super Force-Out in races 7 & 9!
After seven weeks of having a broken foot....tonight will be my first time covering an event. Wish me luck:)
-~!!~+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Classic! Great stuff. Future pro right there.
Getting ready to help a company with their office redesign. Ned to make sure all of the computers are broke down and reassembled...
Who watched make it or break it? #sosad can't believe its over
why did u unfollow me, i was about to give you a shout out
Having A Cup O' Latte #UrbanVillage In #Brooklyn, Going Over New Marketing Mediums For Self-Promotion!! Dream Big!
That feeling you get when you finish a lot of homework
Spring Break is over... KILL ME NOW
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to news updates!
Why my friend could not see my tweeter up date
When you're dreaming with a broken heart, wakin ups the hardest part.
I know! When are you coming back?
While your 💤 you could be making that 💰 Being responsible > Being lazy
Remember, this Saturday is ! We'll have a post later this week to sum up all the cool events happening at Pittsburgh stores.
Ate way too much at Father's Day BBQ.
Girls be switching Smh
#Brewers looking much, much better today
you live out of town.. It's more acceptable! Hahah
Exploring the entire island of Kona, Hawaii! It's beautiful!
When will you be back in Nashville at Zanies? Hopefully I won't be on the road gigging and can come listen!
look forward to it always! And you know I teach cardio Tuesday's at 545p if that's your fave class! I think you've taken it?!
Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It relieves stress and It changes your mood and the mood of those around you. :)
What colour is a Giraffe?
Today VonChurch is on the hunt for Server Programmers and Java Server Programmers for a great gig in Vegas!
I hate when people be like i dont screw with them , ok that dont make you cool .
Thats my girl watch out
Some females dont really realize what they are worth
Who needs screen printing? If you can think it, we can ink it! Have a quote in hand? Let us beat it!
Two versions of every movie. Just like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Suede Lounge - Old Town Scottsdale - Mention: AZ PartyLife to get hook up at door - Reduced bottles at $250 few left text/call 602.348.1722
Renaldo is a bitch punk.
excuses, excuses...
I have one pit ticket still available for the metallica show in nashville tonight!!! Let me know if ur interested... I'll make you a deal!!!
Horrendous d by the Preds on that last goal. Rinne noticeably frustrated
Too crowded for your panel we should talk big data later u here for rest of Sxsw?
but you met me 7 years ago......remember....2nd grade..?
Join Kink Ador tonight at the Five Spot Nashville for KINKO DE MAYO! If you go to GED Soul Crawfish Boil you get in free with wristband!
nice!! keep rockin!
I condone of all of this
Charlie's Ex Brooke Mueller couldn't even try to party like her ex Charlie..Even with all that cocain ,cuz he's a total rockstar from mars!
ITS PEOPLE OUT HERE GETTING 4-16 FOR ONE CRACK ROCK PAT SULLIVAN SUCKING DICK AND SMOKING METH AND HE GETS 30DAYS IN JAIL WTF
$750 for textbooks.... I will have to rent this semester!
jus concentrate on basketball sinatra #NYK big win today
#IfWomenDidNotExist, there'd be a lot more pink.
Happy New Year!
Sleeves are in vogue again. RT : Sweater vest makers see stock plunge.
How are learning leaders using twitter to improve workplace performance?
come on dude, titles don't mean shit anymore... Let the kid make some money, eventually he will face tougher opponents
We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are - that is the fact. Sartre
Do you use social media to drive program attendance? E-book check-outs? build relationships w/community members?
hahaha apparently it is! Hey wanna join? :D
Elyse....YOU'RE AWESOME!
what's happening with Gershwin and Bess? I don't want to miss it.
Creativity is good for your health. It unlocks emotions and prevents them from building up to make you sick.
Everyone's bag at check-in overweight. Duty free liquor. Passengers with slippers tucked on their carry-ons.
Today i watched "Mr. Poppers penguins' haha :) It's so funny!
I wish they had a Starbucks or Subway at this school.
I feel like my hair looked super pretty today. I think I am going to curl it again tomorrow!
'Once..." has been nominated for Favourite New TV Drama in the People's Choice Awards
First quarter earnings due out in about 15 minutes for #Boeing. We'll have them for you as soon as they are released.
Blue skies, sun out and nice cool weather, MIA you gotta appreciate this weather
Random question of the week: which song puts you in the best party mood?
Yes Annie, we would love to have you come by!
Bummer!! I'll keep you updated fo sho. Congrats on both of yours getting in!
glad to be here! Don't remember food this good when we were students . . .
Friday Flow...
welp there goes purchasing a passport
Who here loves Ken Boome? Show him some love at 7:00 tonight!
girl, I gotchyo hugs right here in #Portland! Many of them! <3!
dass coo its hot af out here
SWEET. I have been following yo guys. Come check us out for teh rock musicz
#ff all the creepy things Zuckerberg is going to with 19.1 billion dollars
#ideas2action what a day, excited about all these great companies, Mobile App that can order Wiseys for me?
you fucking thief!
#digitalindia Examples on how social media is being used. 1. Resource mobilization for fundraising
since when did katy perry get like...ugly? #nooffense lol
A4: Knowing that I want my marriage to be successful!!
Haha I always know when you're up to sumthin! #WonderTwinsSenses lol
So ready for spring break next week
Ya know, if it wasn't for twitter or Facebook, I'd have forgotten what you look like by now.
that's why Ballard isn't a good receiver
Please have a look at my collegues frst blog-What do Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches have in common with Cloud Computing? | Networking...
There is no need to deny workers their right to a free and fair union election.
did you shoot last night?
What's going on Saturday?
you know when you really know that you dont know but you do know... you know?
Yep. MT I hv 2 admit frm PR & branding perspective its bn absolutely fascinating to watch Susan G. Komen nuke its reputation
Ohh snap!! Another men in black movie coming out
Imaaa get you your headphones backk today :) promise!
If you ever have need for catering food of the '60s genre I highly recommend or if you just like a great pork roast!
your birthday is all that matters to me today. happy day!
My sister is a terrible fake sleeper. LMAO. I think she actually thinks I think she's sleeping.. Lol
Try Aromatherapy in your home & we guarantee you will feel relief after a long day of work and caring for children.
I miss you.. imiss our memories.. imiss everything . </3
I was just at and that was great! Trying in a few!
u didn't get the joke, nevermind
what u doin
Yep, working now, What u been up to???
Been Sleep at 3 everynight since spring break started idk how im bout to sleep now.
Coming soon, Our Neighborhood 2111, UNCA's 100th Anniversary youth visioning project
Congrats to you as well. Much more information to come, including a formal announcement about 's Mindfire SABRE win.
I want a facial piercing. I've wanted my septum done since I was like 11, lol.
Perry Hall AD Bob Hruz said they are Rollin out the red carpet for there chosen son...Mr Glenn Clark.
I miss my idiotic friends</3
People on the right like saying racism is about over in America because kids aren’t racist. These folks never played video games online.
Love that the Farmer's Field in LA video released today mentions the Winter Classic. Yeah...playing an outdoor hockey game in LA will work
He has a motorcycle for that.:)
Excited to see Super Spectacular Searcher Secrets. Thought I was already a spectacular searcher, looking to add 'super'.
That is if Harris goes to Denver and they look to flip him?
“Apologizing doesn’t mean you’re right or wrong, it just means you value your relationship more than your ego”
Thank you!! RT : thanks for the RT..wishing u good fortune in the contest..you r 1 of Baltimore's best. HNY
Screen scraping hell completed just in time for lunch. Given how it went, it should probably be a 2 martini lunch.
The Imperial, a film I co-starred in for Dead City Films, just won best Cinematography for the 2009 Washington DC 48 Hour Film Festival.
Huge nightmare as in attempts at line drawing, that is.
TY for including me - again! :-)))
I wish my marathon was this weekend. Officially entering Taper Hate phase.
All we did was ask if they wanted to play & all hell broke loose, Cooke gave Schenn a head shot & Asham threw Bryz in the water
MY SON is tha only child I'm concerned about kill tha fckin noise cllin me w dat bs
I've been put under rules and regulations by but its bcuz she cares about me!
Cool. Thnx for the reply.
Pretty darn excited for wing goodness post softball at tonight!
Ok, I'm buying a shirt right noww :)
: "burn a 30" sounds infinitely more fun than it probably is...what does it mean?
: What about it?
FINALLY!!!! Got ITunes to work again..had to disable a bunch of stuff..Turns out iTunes really isn't intended for 60k tracks ;/
I been doing wonderful haha. :)
heyy, maybe u'll be better at keeping in touch this wayy than on facebook. #fail haha
Wtf happened to the damn sound on YES?!
no she's always the victim. And I think she's a little touched in the head like Kelly Bensimon. Nuttier than a fruitcake!
Man always around this time of the day I start to feel super drained and don't feel like working anymore *sigh* couple hours to go
President Obama is announcing a new United States-Japan Joint Statement, with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda.
Thanks for info. LMAO. Haven't even been to NY in yrs! Guess they're trying to "infiltrate" from inside? Not hard w/ open movement.
Franklin hits a couple FTs and gives the #Aztecs a 17-13 lead
Shock New Figures Suggest 2.9m British Dogs Are Fat The impact of expanding waistlines on the health of our nation’s pets is a huge con
Kobe couldn't hit when it mattered the most #Nuggets #Nuggets #Nuggets #Nuggets :)))
he has been telling everyone that since day one! Oh you little propagandist you! lol Are you following your Dads footsteps?
God loves thru Gr8 teachers“: Even when everyone else only sees our faults, God still sees our possibilities.”
How else to say it but you da man RT "Thank you for the great time at the #SuperBowl event "
A shame that the greats like Reggie White and Junior Seau never had the chance to see their day in Canton.
I seen #oomf videos of her makin herself squirt - I wonder if she could share it with us all (hint hint) LMFAO
alright, thanks dude.
Jordan.. Remember that one time I threw you through a tree and you died? Is that why u don't talk to me anymore?!
happy hour with the neighbor. :) It's nice to work from home.
oops... had to finish yours.. it just looked too damn good.. sorry
haha. One of my managers actually told me this. He was right about going to game 6. And i know they are!
what side of town you on? I'm on the south side.
Obama slow jamming the news was too good
Back pain? Believe it or not, kettlebell swings may prevent back injury because they force your core to prevent spine motion
Oh, you know, just your typical Wed. Heading down to the G. Chinese Theater for a little red carpet premiere of "Casa De Mi Padre"
Mobile apps headline engineers’ Senior Design Competition
A line of storms stretching from eastern Waukesha county to northwestern Racine county moving east towards Milwaukee.
Nebraska worships 1D look up #1DtoNebraska and you'll see just how much we love you!! Please come see us!!??
Ouch! Boo Beckett! RT RED SOX: Boston radio guy noted that Pats have won more home games (9) since Sept than Sox (8)
wish you guys would get down and dirty about politics. I would love to do your podcast!
i doubt ima make it though :( and dont forget
RT : Sipping wine with
I'm not going back to school. Its hard to be in a wheelchair
We got a callback in NYC for the pilot, Americana! YES!!
RT : #PBLChat Tues 9pm EST Releasing process/responsibility to students. Creating a culture of independence!
Thankfully the auto guy told me about the cable in the waiting room. Gloria Steinem on The View!
Getting back to it! Lots of family, lots of fun! Ready for some normalcy again!
Earthquake epicenter evidently very close to where I live, which is Mechanicsville VA
Cowboys will win and kill the giants 35-10(: Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Headed to Songwriter's Night to see my mentor play as well as the amazing and -
I am falling asleep standing up again. Please no one tip me over.
We's love to come, but first we need more fans in the Philippines.
putting Lindsay Lohan on SNL was BRILLIANT. i haven't watched it yet but i can only imagine how many people watched hoping for a train wreck
look around your community. Everyone has their own story to tell. "Julia" is simply a montage of people.
i've only met Lou. );
So Eli Manning thinks he's in the same ELITE class with Tom Brady? That's like saying he's in the same class with Brad Pitt ...
I just ate pudding with a fork
nothing wrong with that at all :)
They say that "Home is where the heart is", so follow your heart and know that you can't go wrong.
so good dude. I love this place so much haha
Fuck Jersey! RT I have a lot of Jersey followers... Soo S/O to Jerz! Repping the Tri-State area
not sure my reply came thru it shows red X next 2 it but thank u 4 getting back 2 me Luv u, Josh, Bruce & entire fam God Bless
no problem :)
:: homeward bound
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales. Goodnight, Twitter.
#mythoughtsatschool when do we get out of this class?
I just got cast in two films! Excited!!
Movie night, pumpkin spice latte, and Clemson is currently beating FSU. I'd say this is a pretty awesome day!
That nap was a very bad idea.
*Huggles* Love that movie!
I want to be on Amazing Race! With my son or with my brother. Either way the fight scenes will be epic.
! Ty so much u just made my day! Xoxo been a loyal 11yrs!
‎ After round one of the Evian Masters, 2009 Safeway Classic Champion M.J. Hur is 5 under and 1 shot back from the leaders
ah lucky!! I saw a Ryan reynolds look alike today! Haha
love this!
“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.” ― Warren Buffett
U r right there
I want to get another tattoo soon
My client want her hair color like #love&hiphop
Just got notified that I'm accepted to Oklahoma Arts Institute for film and video. This is a great opportunity and I'm honored! Yay!
Omg can't wait till week of May 25 <3
That was literally beautiful.....
Oh my god stop it I'm dying
thanks for the goodbye hug! It's been an intense three years and I was glad we went out singing.
no. The ILX will have a hybrid.
sometimes Ijust laugh out loud......
“: LOL! You don't have to rap in Spanglish! ” I wanted to tho lol
Goodnight twitter bitches Luff you more than Harry Styles naked. OH, wait, what?
what a nice day, to be out in ypsi... did you know! that u can ask people for change down here!? awesome!
Also sucks to be a Charger fan...high expectations, low results.
"we care a lot" .... Sorry just had to..
followed!:D
Just ran 2 n a half miles pheww. 2 m a hald more to go
and I watching dateline. New obsession.
I'm on twitter because time isn't going to kill itself
I'm here
I'm game!
go shipping with you <3
stuck in the bieber? really? ...
Dying of boredom -________-
You get back in the house this instant
Oh yeah? YA
Happy birthday to you!!! :-D
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Your telling me knowshon doesn't have one friend he can call?
there is only one guy for me.
Ou know your loving life to the fullest when your home alone on a Friday night.... I think my parents feel sorry for me
Do tell!!! RT : ask about his rat run-in that was caught on camera a few weeks ago...
Google #io2012 tickets sold out wicked fast again this year. At least the reg forms were on google servers this year. no 503 errors.
haha :D want to be my twitter friend? :) ♥
I think I'm going to go war with myself. XD
Go to my house & wake up pls! its important!
Whoa --> RT : So in the past two years, #MTSU will have lost to Brewster and Tubby? Ouch.
The Lakers are done and bc Andrew Bynum is not as efficient as he was in the regular season
Nothing wrong with hashtags in meeting minutes. But do you ever reach for the "undo" keystroke when you're painting?
Priceline investors keep naming a higher price
do you think the board forced him on AW due to his ethnic background
": Those conversations when you talk for a whole day & never get bored of the person your talking to >"
yup! Like myself but I was an underachiever! Lol
Good news everyone! We recorded our next episode last night, and if all goes well with editing it should be up by Friday.
my point being that swift is the one common code that us/intl banks can use. routing num dn work, neither does sort code
Top braces are gone! 😄
Want to go here tomorrow night!? Hit us up on the text lines! 786-309-8861
My agency made News of the Weird for creating a state-mandated "Report of Reports."
Thank goodness for common sense :)
1 more day and I'm free! For a week...lol
Awesome present! My copy's not signed, nor was it a gift, but I still like it. :)
thanks for the follow! Have some fun stuff coming up we'll make sure to let you know about. Have a great week!
im bout to punch this bitch in the teeth. i need a drink.
#Don't say something unless you mean it.
So it's .0616ml in the US, and .0592ml in the UK.
I'd love to do it (3rd wave experiment replication) w/ my students but it seems Incredibly risky
Romanow's class makes me want to die.
any reason they would do that?
Playing a free concert tonight in the Berklee Cafeteria! If you're around Boston, come on out!! :) 10pm
yeah I love it.
K idk if that was about me ? But you really have no reason to say anything when you dont even know !
#MadMen .... Why do I have to watch you through my hands while standing a foot from my TV?
Boo & hi! I just saw your husband...I suspect he was making a bar run?
Congratulations to Pipeworks Brewing Company on their first brew day! Start looking for these guys around town very soon.
Sitting in a casino installing #PostgreSQL from source. Keeping my fingers crossed.
can't wait to see the finished product.
ITunes MusicMatch is worth the $25 a year, if only to play my iTunes library from my tv. Thx
Tomorrow should be barrels of fun. (written with sarcasm)
A: I love going to college in NYC, I wouldnt wanna be anywhere else B: Yea, we dont go to college, we go to classes
#First20SongsOnShuffle 16) Super-massive Black Hole - Muse.
Tell Me A Lie on repeat. I just love this song so much words can't explain.
XD you are still awake OMG!
I can hear your eyes rolling thnx
Nice seeing you are active on social media
Literally about to faint. I feel like such fucking shit it's not even just a headache or a sore throat I feel so fucking nauseous.
George Drakoulias: "I like to hear 'no'... This is what I hate: 'I don't know what what I want, but it's not that.'"
Yeah...I do NOT recomend the cinnamon challange. Just saw my life flash before my eyes.
It was an instruction class. I emailed the prof about it yesterday to confirm and she agreed. I waited 30 mins for her class.
everybody is Irish on st paddy's. But I'm really Irish every day. “: Behave, guys! ;)”
Hey Tweeter Friends: Give us a shout out on Follow Friday
tweeting and interviewing at the same time! Thata boy!
Your kids are in my thoughts today, Beth.
Let The Church Say Amen...
Is Jayson Werth the worst MLB free agent signing of all time! Dude stinks and has a terrible attitude!
If you call yourself an artist Showcase May 3 &4 in NYC is for you. The most influential music industry executives are attending!
have a great year!! Can you follow our card store
The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.--DORTHEA LANGE
I wondered why I was getting so much done
Im going straight to the studio after class..I'm feeling creative....loyalty
Hey Chicago: don't forget at the Sub-T tomorrow night belated record release show!
Reporting one's own research on social media helps promote one's research and build scholarly connections, which is awesome!
We're playing this !! go like the page and get ready for an all day festival!
I watch pretty much every sport there is , the pros of growing up w/ 5 brothers . 😝
This day reminds us that, while enormous progress has been made, there is still work to be done before women achieve true parity. - POTUS
I want You Too...♥ Follow Back ?
Is anyone has excited as I am for #GameofThrones season 2 premiere on 4/1?
Just saw Watts play with Laurence Hobgood. Great show.
i hate how ppl just talk about there problems or guys because this is why i mostly just chill with guys to not hear all this
Bliss is great. Love that spot.
#LTBroadcasts "The project now is to revive that old Nicaragua idea and build a water route from the Atlantic to the pacific" (3/4/31)
Expecting the seniors to get all the blame like always... So dumb lol
Every product w/ an iPod dock will become like those big square wall holes designed 4 old TVs when Apple decides to change the input thingy
lol..... maybe it will turn out better then the gingerbread crackhouse last year:P~...........kidding;)
Nobu catering a great event good music and good food. Life is good at
we love those Halsman's jump portraits!
how hard for u was it not to laugh when Cody's X-Mas tree was getting robbed? #Punk'd next Thurs.
Nice to see the progress
RT : Don't expect more from anyone than what you know they can give.
Protip: When running out of work after a long Friday, it's important to stretch first.
no problem.
i love you Tony.....even if u say that this isnt ur account!!!! but then jamie wouldnt be following it would she!!!!
This project sounds wonderful. "Just keep swimming!"
Thanks, Colin!
Come play with us tonight and show us how Badass you really are ;) Doors open at 8! $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shots. Free dance lessons 8:15-9pm
Off to and beach Looking forward to getting away. Need to refresh the brain.
Okay I really need to go to sleep soo see ya luvs!!! Lol
Do what you want
man hold up
Boo, not me! I love the stuff!!
Jealous! How bout some this weekend #DayDrinking ? RT Day drinking. Again.
Excited for Apple Cup this weekend. Should be a great end to the holiday weekend.
Day 27 of 100: I'm thankful for all I've learned today
Hooo boy, I guess this means I'll be spending quality time with Bowers and Gaskell over the next few months!
she was thinking you did not realize you were even texting her.
Soundchecked and ready to roll!
thanks. Vizslas are the best.
"Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assaults of thought on the unthinking." Keynes. Happy
Wow, inconsiderate much? That's disrespectful.
Went to see The tourist today...not as action packed as I wanted but it was a cute movie!!!!!
Rollin thru Iowa.. so many cows on hills. Just passed the North Skunk River.. yeeah
Because it's summer reading for children, and summer just started.
One must put personal politics aside when confronted with the largest collection of Reagan memorabilia seen outside the Reagan Library.
Looks like it will be cool and cloudy with a chance for scattered rain showers... sorry!
Is this housewives if Detroit
Lucky me. I am off to Paris with my daughter. Then back for two days and off to a New York show. No time for jet lag.
off to lunch myself Marco, but don't forget you have unfinished business in Twitterland!
Take your pick for tomorrow: Sevendust and Prosevere at the New Daisy or Covers Fest at The Arbor!
Easter needs Braun 2 hit a walk off to DOMINATE Freese and the Cards!!! Also my wife wants 2c in a man thong!
I just finished a 8.47 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Rich. . Your tags are like an #oreo cookie in writing . . You guys rock !
Oh dang!
Plan B is a temporary position that I use to gain income to fund the vision of Plan A.
I'm hoping that Santa comes to Senegal this Christmas!! Happy holidays everyone!
Let it snow
hi scott, makes TV recording/search software that now (finally) supports mac os x. interest for tosh.0?
Just waking up...hows everyone???
it's hurt
Another awesome Bikram yoga class. Now some ME3 insanity difficulty.
Have you ever seen a #21Century #literacy lab? Come to our #FamEvent and check the one will have for us!
How am I jealous of you? My best friend is Nealer and you have who? That's right. I'm awesome.
follow me PLEASE ... I love you !!! <33
Happy birthday to my boo !
Not to be mean but we have a week 5 student of a 3 week class driving andthey are beating the hell out of me on the road. Ouch.
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile going shopping
Civil service interviews give so little feedback. :(
Meet me at the mall it's going down. ~
Prayer and meditation at the occupy Albuquerque site today, university and central, all faiths welcome #occupyalbuquerque 8pm
Amazing experience going to Bermuda!
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do."
ABS ABS ABS ABS...now make those ABS show !
Listening to new EP " Are We There"...It's done folks.......will incl single "Recognize" & unreleased trx..stay tuned for details & dates.
RT : Press event Wed & will call on Congress to
Parks and rec is back
You want to stop piracy, entertainment industry? Stop making shit like Lou Reed/Metallica's Lulu and movies about robot boxing. SIMPLE!!
This is my new favorite thing.
Wait! It's your birthday? I was busy at work so just saw. Happy, happy birthday!
The good news- I didn't get struck by lighnting. The bad news- I also didn't win the lottery.
i miss you sam
Big S/O To My New Follower
EK coup with K-series engine :O epic
"I had a bike ride of shame. You still get judged just at a higher speed." - Meredith OZ
Dude I'd fucking love that!!
Chondrotian and glucosamine sulfate helps to slow the progress of arthritis. A great option for runners or others who are very active.
RT : Just cemented my dream summer internship with in NYC! #UWRightNow <-congrats!
What's more boring than golf?
He doesn't love me anymore !!!
look at you, tweeting!!! Who'd a thunk it. Love ya sweetie
holy smokes, guys! thanks for all the support! (:
I Need Something New , I Need Something Different .
it's clementime
In 20 hours I will be chester county bound! I can't wait to see my family!!
pre=letters;post=Youtube. Yet, I've known ppl who've leaked TS data to the enemy via youtube while deployed. So, stick to letters?
See you all tonight!
Every time someone lays down a good bunt I get a stupid smile
50 Likes and I'll upload the cover for the next track!! LMS NOW.
Pacers starting to get some makeup calls
My poor classical guitar bit the dust yesterday. Fell off a stand and cracked the body in half (lengthwise). Hope this works.
you know a guy really cares about you when hes out doing something fun but he still texts you anyways to tell you he misses you
"dude it's just a mosquito. Chill out. "- me "dude, you know how many people it's sucked off?"-
it's uncanny how accurately you just described our past 5 hours. even started calling the other drivers "son."
We called the fire department and a wrecker. We are getting towed to Freightliner in Oklahoma City.
Home with the boys watching Spongebob. Krypto, the boy & Dad!
Vampire Diaries!!!:)
hahah sounds like "lotta vacation time, gonna fly out to naples/hop in the plane sayin 'that was easy.' Staples."
Thanks (and owe you a HT ;-)
You can talk baseball?!
I love those moments you wish that time would just stop but everything else kept going.
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL, what the hell is that? Oh wait, it's a penis.
R.I.P. Jim Irwin
bourbon back lol :)
When Draper left the Snoball mockup ad in the taxi, I had a flashback to when the kids lost Mr. Brady's plans in the cardboard tube
Courtney is lazy AF. but I hate using AF
thanks, paul! i'm coming back to olympia soon!
Fort Devens Army Base was great. M16's and tanks and such. More importantly some great people there.
My feet are freezing! Time to rest after a long day!!
We're happy to have you! RT : Very happy to be for a much needed haircut!
Did Duncan just pat Griffin on the head?
Hootsuite for iPhone is my favorite Twitter iPhone app. But then I'm one of those freaks who uses Twitter lists.
I wasnt gonna anyways
#ifyouknowmeyouknow - I like to joke around a lot. I don't take life too seriously.
:: A sac fly? We will take it.
Tonight at $itu : Psychic Feline (OR), Famous Laughs, BBDDM, Meat Pressure, and more. 9PM. Ask a mug or DM for address.
hmm. I'll come hang out with you IF you come to Pax EAST this year. :-)
Men in Tights!!
Should I claim all social/web domains using the term "The Mancision" or has Rick Reilly beat me to that joke already?
My heart goes out to my friends and former colleagues at the Courier-Journal. The newspaper lost a lot today.
Trying Google Buzz. Not buying the hype so far.
shut up twitter. so loud.
Congratulations on your great work with Latino Rebels, 'mano.
Ur car was way better! Lol have a good night and this was a great experience for me so THANK YOU!!!
Has The Perfect Smile With His Dimples . <3
Hanging out, talking and laughing with friends is the simplest way to be happy!
#RecordStoreDay! and are all offering up something today! Can't wait to have them here in #Cville!
but there is a question & I prefer my candidate 2B free from such rubbish As w/the health care problem this is 2 close 2 BHO
#SSSS1 Nigel, "the disruptive capability of SSD storage is keeping him up at night"
Staying in again tonight
No not cool because my grandparents once lived here n they are both dead.....and that creeps me out there's like 14 rooms
RT : We all criticize Moyer for being old, but he's actually leading the Rockies in ERA (4.20). Nicasio leads in WHIP (1.48). S ...
Thinking about the ICONic Boyz makes me miss summer even more.<3
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!! I'm ready for some weekend fun ;)
looks like pitching is really tough too!
I guess I'll take the credit then :)
Mine has been corrected since then. Tks for the notification, however.
#2012 is our year
My expectation for worship. Carefully planned and coordinated worship. Thoughtful. Excellent music. Good transitions. Sermon that inspires.
Just Got Off Work..Tired And Soree..Damn
Gin and Tonic as a drink was created by Brits as a means to combat malaria.
didnt get smartfi. How can I?
I know lots of successful people in both camps. I just have low tolerance, and see clutter holding some colleagues back.
Just got the starbucks app for my android! Technology is amazing :)
He basically confessed his love to me
Trying out a new Eau de Campfire cologne tonight.
One thing to mention, it was pretty packed in Great Hall at Union Station for National Train Day today.
omg, I love them.
Proof reading text in a video gets old...fast...
How have we evaded/avoided each other??
It ain't just spit game, it's ya dick game !
#ObamaBooksTitles " believe what I say, not what I do" . ,)
People Hate On Jay-Z But He's Opening Up The Doors For Young Entrepreneurs To Do WTF They Want
actual exchange: Q: favorite runner? Me: Julie "da bomb" Culley. glad you're representing the great state of NJ next wknd:)
I'm tired but stuck at work. Ready for my bed.
Depends. "Needless words" is subjective. I think some of the writer's edits weakened the piece.
:) thanks! #swing&think
P.S. The new album - much like every Garbage album - is best listened to with big headphones.
and Bermuda sends her love too! LOL!!!! Anyway gotta get the wet stuff off. Ttyl. Love ya!
Awesome! Thanks!!
how are you(:
Walter is quite the nut..
It's a new day - the Lord made it - we are glad for it. We have a closing today and a new buyer tonight and a new listing this weekend....
Also, let's definitely not try to make craft beer styles that have a market
lol! It happens every time
Vacation is drawing to a close. Ready for home and my own bed.
It was amazing and I am now dying to check out FnB. How are you today. Enjoying this storm?
People who only tweet quotes make me think they are devoid of any original thoughts.
hi Niall. you don't now me but I'm just your future wife, nbd.
Yes, because my objection to a prison rape joke in your script is that it's _cliche_.
Never give up! We're right there with ya :) RT : I better get SPAC tickets or else I am going to give up forever.
C'grats to you n the fellas. Keep me posted and I'll make sure to give you guys a shoutout a couple weeks down the road.
There's just something about Manhattan at night from a cab.
Hi, , glad to hear Brandon got in touch with you.
My sister and I covered From This Valley! If I tweet you a link will you guys watch it?
Just poned some Polanders in some sand Volleyball. What's up team America?
thank GOD!!! am not a nigerian
For #followfriday I recommend #UPEIAN105 and #UPEILC check out They run a great anthropology blog.
Woot! Look 4 him in April issue RT “: 1st hit of the Spring 4 Cameron Maybin, a solo homer to lead off game vs.
Me and Tater's 2 year anniversary today! 2 months exactly until our wedding.
Hope everyone has a safe and awesome new years! We have BIG hopes for this year!
Should be fun.
Bring it, ho
: t.you! Guess that makes you our rainbow...:)
Thank you to our panelists for the evening: Carlos Davalos -- , Sasha Foo and Paul Downey
I swear I need to go out tonight Nbs
OUCH......no more of that! I'll send you a little pixie dust to keep that from happening again.
Congratulations guys!!!
How did IronKids go?
oohrah Devil Dog
whoa. the awkward moment when you are sitting behind someone in class that is creeping on your facebook. #doiknowyou?
Now I've got "Amor Prohibido" stuck in my head. BTW Im Leo...I'm a Nashville portrait painter, keep you in mind for WEDDING!
Thanks but I am working the BBQ... As long as they enjoy the food I am happy.. BBQ fight night..
addition/correction: matt only knows about butt demons when he's drunk
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.William Ellery Channing
man im tired... i think thats cuz i only got 5 hours of sleep lolz :/
Mall with Ariana. Swag. (:
Hey! We're holding auditions Saturday February 18th from 2-8 at the Crowne Plaza Philadelphia Main Line! Hope to see you there!!
Mac Miller's "Macadelic Tour" pulls in to UCF tonight less than 2hrs away!
LOL. Because we both have experiences that are unique to us. Its quite an apt comparison if we are talking about experience
Am I the only one who finds 3/4 of Delivera's blogs to be irrelevant?
Just saw you became mayor, !! Yay!
Happy Birthday Mandy!!!
Very excited to be giving a talk on librarians and careers with the USG this evening for the fantastic career colloquia series!
THE COLOR OF PURPLE RAIN MAN
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 13
Up watching the new phineas and ferb movie with my boys tonight. When mom's away, the boys will play.
Tour de Brunch (at Mystic Mocha).
I guess it is a pet peeve of mine. Employees coming in late to work. Students turning in late assignments. Sigh!
I really really REALLY want to go paintballing. Hopefully next month
wow, I could practically hear the excitement in that statement. mazel tov!
*crying tears of blood*
thank you for following us!
hey! Checkin in haven't heard from u not sure if we r havin that email prob again? U ok? Let me help!
Hello Miami, FL. Looking forward to spending time with 25 doctors in the morning on the concept of "Person of Interest."
word up- porter speaks true!
Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! Enjoy a delicious cup of tea for us :)
The 5 B's of Bad Link Building: Borrowing, Begging, Bartering, Bribing and Buying
then say hello:) to me <33
Making Lavender infused gin!
My son just sneezed 15x & is now laughing hysterically because of it.
Can't. Sleep.
I'm watching Ecoluxe on Travel Channel bout Island Paradise. They're featuring Amanpulo Resort in the Philippines. I miss Boracay...
thanks for the re-tweet. I believe we'll have an effective birth control pill/method for men in the next 5 years.
Blake makes both FTs #CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
Had MLS conference call today. Pleasantly surprised to have on the call too. Oh how far we've come!
"Can I get a shot of qway-vo?" "You want a shot of CUERVO?" "That's what I said, KWAY-VOH!" "CUERVO?"
working on symbaloo to show awesome educational websites for a tomorrow morning's workshop.
we're in this game to play
Truly enjoyed the "Treasures of Heaven" exhibit. Heard about it via Twitter and stopped by over the holidays. Well worth it!
The whole blog post should be taken down and a major correction issued. It really is that simple.
Check out this great #Baltimore non-profit --> RT : Help us reach 500 followers! spread the movement for #play!
it's friday!!!
Let's go get dope fresh in that shower SAN!
Wrapping Christmas gifts and watching Christmas movies with my sister! Yay
RT : More WOM goodness. "Help your talkers look great. Give them the tools to tell your story." via
RT : Still looking to score a seat at #TEDxAustin: Beyond Measure some way, somehow....?! Take a peek at the next tweet:
Finally found my way over to the #MobileProcessing conference. Squee!
Great question! :)
Imprtant factor in GB's partners was the immunity for major damages of state universities - Samuelson
Welcome Zack & have a good weekend.
Dont marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you cant live without.
BOGO Bowling (shoes not included) at Seminole Bowl located on W. Tennessee St. Only w/ a
omg, yes! I love tns.
No matter how much you may think you know us Capricorns you will never have us fully figured out.
": ..I believe we have a massive hypo-hydration in US."I wld thnk the opposite?
get mobile!
I think it's cute when my boyfriend laughs at my commentary.
is watching "Page One: Inside the New York Times." It's a well done documentary.
CEO Sterling Speirn just took the stage. #ccsforum2012 "Infants are only defined by the people around them."
over 200 followers in one whole day! love mahomies!<3
Only 1 week of skool left...where did tje time go?
Two EPIC HITS in TOP 10 on The Billboard Club Play Chart! #4 "Brokenhearted Remixes" and #6 "Dance Again Remixes"
Everyone around me is trying to make a statement, then there's me. I'm just trying to survive.
I got a lot of pennys I need to go to a strip club make it hail and tell a dried out stripper i love her
I wasn't ;) It set off my b.s. alarm pretty fast.
I need water. This dry poptart is so dry
Hi JJ Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#MyFavoriteText "Don't forget were going to location X later!" when you've totally forgotten you had anything planned that night.
I heart Johny Mayer! !! I could listen to his words al day.
Hey that lounge in silver spring looks almost open! Yay.
Ghetto Word of the Day: Pizza “Dis boi be frontin’ rull hard, but he ain’t never gettin’ a pizza my booty.”
I LOVE THE ASSHOLE CHANTS FOR LEBRON! THIS IS WHY I LOVE NY AND MSG!
bring cherub back to sf for a show pls!
are you returning yours?
Oh my god and like hacked me....damn.
Great gig last night for aids research alliance gala. Biltmore tonight with Luca Ellis and Ryan Cross! 8:30.
Only like the most publicized hard a lol": oh okay cool. What's captain Morgan ? Lol"
#geektour2011 at #eBay. Great to meet everyone!
OK, Certified Copy is...confusing.
thinks the Frenchie got screwed... best in show that is, not the olympics!
"continuous life living"
Yay YOU GO H
Would you like a car to go with that?
is that fred hale
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
RT looking for local austin band that wants to have live projections/video integrated into their show. email me at
Hapara making sense of Google Apps for Education. At demo day.
Good luck! Take your time and don't stress. God has your back and you will do well! Best wishes!
we will do our best! how are you today?
My dude actually got the maschine not that long ago, but I really haven't got into it that much.
#NowPlaying: #Electronic and Indie music on Skull Candy hosted by #NicoleD'Angelo
what school you go to bro
i love white cheddar popcorn!!!
Fantastic. Synchronicity is what makes the world go'round. Keep coloring by numbers!
haha just me. doesn't know the difference between the NL and AL.
Today is the 100th day of 2012. What are you doing to mark this day in your child's year?
never too late. Thank you
what? Oh, well I am sure we are number 4.
"Sometimes poker is hard and you get owned." Andrew Lichtenberer
"Sometimes I pee my pants...and it's because you tell the best jokes."
Guess I'll be eating chicken noodle soup tonight. Geez!
I was ova thur round 8 some.. Ain't really see nobody tho..
Had a great shoot today with the hot dancers and bartenders of ... will post soon! www.sherrymartinphotography.com
I have never heard of this major before: Intellectual History. Anyone?
Best friends become strangers, that's how it is
Can we say TGIF!!
Had a long night couldn't sleep but I'm good tho :)
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning--->> When my light gets turned on while I'm still sleeping 😡
I did so bad today u.u
Who is getting that bao today?
MU looked pretty good so far the first half - staying with Tennessee, even through the sloppiness
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing your tweets with others.
lol look at dude. Dude like fish sandwiches.
Looks like head-case Gallardo is at it again. Is it possible for him NOT to give up runs in the first inning?
Avengers again tonight with Sam and Lindsey.(:
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Yes I know Gina ! Her passion for art helped encourage me to get started again
Happy Birthday to my friend and fellow #sagrad, ! Have a fantastic day! You deserve it! :)
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than is does to tolerate them. - J. Petit-Senn
TG for #checksandbalances in our exceptional US constitution. Nothing like it in the world!
I VOLUNTEER
lol chads my boy. I haven't seen him in forever
Fly? what kind of toy did you get I have a helicopter I fly occasionally
then u do a pretty good job
Approximately 9,000 Americans suggested that about 12% of the general public experience #socialanxiety at some point during their lives.
Only Ace of Spades and PJ
LOL. so my dad was eating a Chinese and I walk in smelling the Chinese saying 'I'm Hungry and he gives me his food #YUM <3
lol forgot bro I swear I was tryna match u
I am so pleased. I fermented French oak in my merlot for the first time and it is outstanding wine.
Great POTUS speech that explored the complex depths of MLK and placed him in proper esteem.
naw I'm jokin but both her and were fun to work with and very proffesional .
oh yup haha I hear you tho and it's probably not the safest to fuck around with prostitutes in Europe huh?? Or is it ..
One Direction sucks
R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys
laying up don't have time for that you talk so much about money laying up should not be on your mind
WHY YOU NO FOLLOW ME? SJHFLAJSIAHDCASLJDLSAHDLKSA
Like NY&Co on Facebook and they'll donate $1 to St. Jude Children's Hospital. That's more incentive for me than a coupon offer. "Like"
Woot! RT : Social media karma ..discussing Pinterest while getting a tweet that is now pinning!
michela or whatever her name is
Black guys are just so attractive .
My wife and I are looking forward to this seasons premier. You rock
Skipper Beck part owner of Charlotte Bobcats (with Michael Jordan) killed in a plane crash today...Bad timing with HOF induction
I'm excited to talk to the - UW Madison CR's tonight at 6:30 on behalf of !!
"Lol at my life" - me every minute of every day
:-D Of Course... Plus I Can'tTellALie!!
Ok so last night was a big misunderstanding, nothing happened
"thinks this year, he is going to buy all his Christmas gifts fromNike"
the adult one is Accdiental Diva (haven't read it yet). Then she wrote It Chicks and Sixteen Candles, for YA
Does New York Jets QB Tim Tebow Deserve to Be on 'Top 100' NFL Players List ... - Yahoo! Sports
Some things just never change...
GET THE FUCKING BALL IN THE PAINT. STOP SHOOTING OUT SIDE!!!
How u doin today, love?
"The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled." Plutarch was my boy for a while.
I remember doing that to my parents... wish I would have NOT been such a brat.
I love "raised by wolves" by FIROfficial great song with great lyrics and great music, even the synth is awesome!
Support record stores today and every day!
MT : Did you know? The new CHI website has a "What We're Reading" section full of interesting, relevant articles updated daily.
3 days without drinking pop, check. 27 more to go.
rt - Decorative Concrete Atlanta Ga Acid Stain Floors Etc. and Stamped Concrete Patios Driveways Pooldecks Etc www.AtlantaConcrete.net
ready for #immsea lovin' the cool seattle weather
Congrats to 's brother for winning back-to-back WIAC player of the week awards
Really? Waiting for the next headline: Everything you do linked to cancer Prolonged sitting linked to breast cancer, colon cancer
Hey girl
I sure hope I,m NOT on this week....haha
LOL, don't remember seeing many people with books or small TV's...good thing hey?
I'm so unworthy and undeserving of your love. Thank you.
It's National Grill Cheese Month!!!
Dare to dream.
Counterproductive? Girl across from me on bus is reading a diet book while demolishing a giant burrito
I rather be judged by 12 than carried 6
excited to watch the premiere of chasing the sun from tonight ^.^
Come in from the cold & enjoy one of our incredible cocktails like the ever popular Occupy Pumpkin or the very tasty Persimmon Date Project!
I'm way too nice .
We're getting excited for the trek to Seattle for Coffee Fest!
my education life= gladys noon spellman elementary in cheverly then wildass charles carroll middle school then parkdale high school
I'm just afraid I'll be standing under it when it does
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor. -- St. Bede the Venerable
For a cheap bell jet ranger, about $550-650. For an A-Star, $1,200.
That's true enough. Part of the problem is that values are not consistent from generation to generation, though.
Boy, where you BEEN? I know, I know, on the road. Miss you big time. Say the word (bourbon) and I'm there.
can I get a heart too?
But I wnt some weed thooooo
Finally at designing my crossing shirt! Excited!!
Sounds like Bynum's starting to get those Artest techs-on-rep calls.
"The big shots are only the little shots who kept shooting."
Effing shame. #Orioles to do list: 1st Base, 3rd Base, Left Field.
q5) Film "life as a house " - lesson: Life is short, live it
How long ago did you post them Hun? How far back in your TL are they? I will go and check again, don't be mad at me. :)
THAT WAS A DEMONIC CHILD WITH AND EXTRA EYE ON ITS LIP,
Hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man. Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it. Whoa!
I'm so not in the mood.My life is so screwed up. #wtf #whatisgoingon.  
“: Happy SKAnksgiving. Anyone wanna go to SKAppleton” // wow they still do that? I think I last went in ... 1995.
knocked it out of the park! So proud of you and this team.
Thanks Tom Hope you have a great week!
Are you a surgeon with a down to earth personality interested in working with an exceptional, team oriented, well-compensated group in Mich…
You Look Like Lamon Now. >_<
omg! heyy(: its been awhile! Im good! How are you??
fun run for poland spring tomorrow?
did you know that all #loopabroad students will come home with 3 completed college essays?
Reggie Bush!!!
LOL dont forget after timeouts when u hear the coaches in the huddle, he says "..now I like what Coach ___ said here...."
People say soccer is boring because they don't score often. But I think that makes it so much better when you score
happy birthday!(:
Let's hear some #Peyton predictions. Where's he going? #Redskins? #Dolphins? #Colts? Retirement?
We hope everyone had a nice Passover Holiday !!!
not to hate new Mahomies but only true Mahomies knows how it feels <3
"love it, i love it, i love it when you eat it! i see why people like that song, it's so catchy #Rihanna"
Nice rebranding! RT : Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
Watching idol...
always knows whatsup... great music 29/7 <- That was on purpose
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who can't read and write, but those who can't learn, unlearn, and relearn. -A. Toffler
Go #invent something. #Think for yourself. Texting doesn't make you #smart. Your #passion can lead you to what may become your
Going to be interviewing the lovely, talented China Forbes today for April Goodness. Any must not miss questions I should ask?
What? Pagers as cool as those were you'd have to run to a payphone. And if u didn't change. With cells its easier to cheat.
#WhenTheBossIsAway the rules don't apply 2 u. just make sure u bury the evidence where no one will ever find it.
AQUS breakout play, the bulls are here .0081s up!
dang little mama you is such a loser.
thanks for the link
Can't wait to hit the studio
Hell yeah they do! rt ": the best ideas come in the shower"
RT - Uuughh I hate the Miami Dolphins. && now I'm gonna have to become a fan bc Reggie Bush is there <3 Plus my boo ...
love the show
ahh fuck this dude...i was on this chat thingy (IMVU) and i told him im 15 and he left
I agree, the series is excellently done, regardless of its cartoon style graphics
gah im so mad lol. I get my license in July so i need to start practicing
We just be coolin it....
Cried like a babe watching the vow 😢☔
after parties. Always.
Bars will be there but Boondocks? Gotta catch it when you can!
Reggie! Reggie! Reggie!
do u need another picture to proove it ?
Having our own small Bassmaster classic this weekend in S. GA, ready to put em in the boat
Cleveland Park it is. Fine! That's it. I'm done. 10 months of searching.
Claire is in the ICU... :(
RT: : beer pong cups...shot glasses-----Always a necesity!!
. Thank you for taking a stand against #hatespeech of toward #women by pulling your ads from his show.
bout to hit the lab.......shooby dooby baby...
On this day in 1925, the novel "The Great Gatsby," by F. Scott Fitzgerald, was first published.
I only fucks with POLO just how i do ..it.. !!
Can't sleep and have to be at work bright and early :(
but soon enuff we got back together :) but then a bomb shell struck he was at college and his friend pissed me off so i called her names
Did u do that lap dance juke remix ??
RT :Important reminder from the very wise : Your title can make you a boss but only followers can make you a leader
Juicy tonight ! At Hydrate night club ! Free till 12am ! Open till 4am.
Hello I really enjoyed the #SOME awards. . Follow me and I would love to have you support ActSo
As many times as I blink I'll think of you.
Call Me, Maybe....MYFUCKINGSONGTILLTHEDEATHOFME.
although it had a particular magic coming in live, stanza by stanza, in amid all the streaming chatter
i need a good book on failure for a recent graduate. Any suggestions?
I just resent it. Also check your inbox.
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw
did you know?The only planet without a ring is earth.
HAHA. Why thank you, sweetie. I figured us Sconnies have to stick together. :)
have fun and stay safe <3
It's an interesting topic! If you're ever looking for info on So. language to go w/ it, let me know, there's some good stuff.
Do you ever get a chance to watch from the states? Awesome video game coverage? Pretty cool they featured your Mario art!
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf of the bullying and start being happy for the person instead of being jealous. It won't get you anywhere in life.
Thank you! I enjoy reading your blog. Keep in touch!
U should come! But I think u will be playing in Europe!
#Athletics! But We're ok with the #sfgiants cuz sf rocks when they win.
GAME 7!!! ALL OR NOTHING!!! LETS GO RANGERS!!!!!
“: I'm pretty sure you could eat any food all day lol”>>>shut up haha...you're just as bad as me!
Hey Tila...hope all is well with you. What programs did you get? I hope we still get to shoot together very soon.
Shout out to follow her!...she follows back
BABY COWS? Anyone have any I could photograph?
Relative probability of impoverishment due to house fire < 1%, due to auto accident < 1%, due to long term care need = 40%.
.dang, i would tell you but i have no clue! haha
Shirley, this song speaks to me!
The big stumbling block with responsive design for enterprise/business websites is ads.
We have Free popcorn! :) But we do have beer and liquor specials!
Skype team meeting to discuss?
Whip it whip it
Texting you rn
The fact that retweeted me like twice today . >> #dowork !
YEAH!!! Pats going to the Superbowl!!
That Chelsea vs Barcelona game was crazy, sorry but if you don't watch soccer you're missing out on a lot!
Finally got on to Netflix, it's so awesome, it may ruin my life. On the bright side I'll catch up with Lost.
closed on sundays -___- I'm about to come over
Raftery wants a foul every time WKU drives to the basket.
im Obsessed with Progress
I would do so many naughty things to you.
Good: Separated content for kids from adults. Bad: Still see kids content with the adult content. Why?
I can't believe they objected to such a wonderful name! Morons. (Seriously, though, bleh! I'm glad you were overruled.)
Thank you!! Good luck with the blog!! :)
I was thinking maybe Ruby or something since it looks interesting, but does anyone have any suggestions that aren't C++ or Java?
it looks so cute!
“ “ #Scorpio will fight for what they want.””
I'm having a sneeze attack. And my friend said me being orchestra is sexy. Bahahah
Throughout the past few days, all I could think about was guard and how much I already miss everyone. Withdrawal sucks.
Spent our last night with the spaniards, enjoyed french wine, spanish chocolates, and an american feast!
I am! Hope the same is true for you. Another sunny day.
doing my nails supa cute :*
Another walk off win at home!
Everything in stats, I understand so we will see how this test goes. I also felt confident in English last year lol..
Tired and a little bit fuzzy headed. Possibly coming down with something.
thanks boo boo. Will definitely be doing a lot f 🍺🍻🍸🍰
umm i saw the smile on ur face. u were digging the attention. dont gotta lie. works for everybody
Introducing: " Trust-Based Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior" our newest DVD. Order now for deliverly mid-May
“: What's the score ?” 74-73 Indiana
Hi Todd! We look forward to seeing you next Friday. Unfortunately, we do not take reservations. See you soon. TY
#ThingsIwantTheMost a brietling, a Bentley, and a b!tch by the time I am forty
Winner takes it all, loser takes the fall -- over the top.
she better come over!
she did sign to emi
on the metro going back to maryland
I've called my mom 18 times and she hasn't answer >.<
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo ANY LMFAO SONG!!! ITS LIKE A RULE Y'KNOW!!
All professionals need a bio so get your bio written by Your Thoughts, LLC!
it's not blocked for me I just checked now and it let me watch it
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
If a name or some words is all your designer can do, then its time for change
Woke up with Wolverine hair and left it that way.
follow me back
will have plenty of company from California at DU with committing there recently. Congrats to you both!
The latter's well established by history. The former I'm still trying to prove. I appreciate it Dave. Cheers to you and yours
Haha. I wish the same about my HTC He RT I wish my iPhone battery lasted lon
Houston family has signed deal w/ Lifetime to film reality show in wake of Whitney's death, making Jacksons look classy.
Great..Now I want a margarita. Thanks I will be seeing you later this week
#ios uitablviews were not a good option for a popup thumbnail view. Redoing with a uiscrollview
"Mailbox full" you are an loathsome message.
what did she do?
The team is thrilled you're loving the slim cropped! Next we can get you into our #NEW Bright #1969 Legging Jeans!
Then CS just keeps saying there's nothing they can do & that they're sorry. I've been such a proponent of DTV in the past, too.
Don't give yourself a fever. That won't be helpfu.
And we don't say enough, we are at fault, even if we "do right" by our own family. So many girls who trapped by expectations
JASMINE IS DOING THIS #RANDOM :P
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.Charles Dickens
Thanks for the RT! We are so excited about the show!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
“: Go Wings! RT : And we're underway at the United Center! Let's Go Red Wings!!! #DRWChat”
All our #Tutors have college degrees from well known universities or are exceptional juniors or seniors at local universities....
That made her night .. She hype as a bitch ...
No better way to spend tonight than East side YL leader appreciation dinner #favoritepeople 👗🍴👔
did you buy a cd
Excited to see uptick in hiring from our client base. Combined with Q4 employment numbers, we may recover from this thing yet...
Too many missed oppertunities
hey David I hope you got my note and consider my request. Lol!
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Are you a contractor that uses Service Magic? If so beware if you cancel service they probably won't remove your info and steal business
hehe w/ the funny accent and all
Took dog for walk this sunny spring a.m. to discover bldg next door surrounded by cops. Pretty sure we've totally won that war on drugs now.
RT : Size matters not. Judge me by my device do you? Responsive, design must be. M.
Going to an in-and-out burger for the first time in my life. Excited to see what they got and how it tastes.
right , and my cardinal teacher she cares about us a little too much ! she stay in somebody fucking business
The switch was made by me BA and Rock...I'm the skipper...skipper of the bullpen.. recognizes this
I'm so sad about Whitney Houston. I loved her when I was a little girl. I wish that I could sing like she did.
Still can't get over the Tupac hologram
oh hey guys, was playing diablo
Oil change finished acting class later what to do now....
Let's go #solartribe ! -- "Build a vision for the people and recognize that no single source of leadership will make it happen"
49ers by 14. NY didn't play as well as they should have against a Packers team that didn't play well at all.
|_|-++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
snap! touch his goatee for me!
May the fourth be with you! (yay)
Of course, that's not to say my kids aren't worth it. Holding my 18 month old now. They are definitely worth it. :-)
iPhone is the modern magic wand.. Love that.
When are WE going to THINK like a PEOPLE and act LIKE a NATION?
Getting closer with my luck they will probably run out right before me lol
Nothing new, nothing old.
P90zzz for sure!
