will there be a bitter battle in the future since you get paid more for having all the great lines? ;) congrats! Can't wait!
Hey guys - tonight got away from me, sorry. If you can catch a drink tomorrow I'd love it.
Just watched marsions attack outside. So now my feet are cold as hell DX and the movie was so cheesy
Chaput** with the helper on the Brodeur goal
Geesh, no lie. RT The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. SYLVIA PLATH
saw a guy with a top saying 'swag' on it, he was also wearing hightops & a snapback. Like, seriously and I stalked him.
"Anything or anyone that does not bring you alive is too small for you"-David whyte. Remembering this as I start my week <3
Ewwww RT : Every second, 372 people are searching for porn on Google.
Today my new name is GREATNESS!
I would hope I would feel that hewas the one who lost out, forgiveness would be next because I would not want that to eat me up
even if it's consensual?
That freshman 15 isn't true for all. Only applies to the lazy.
j-mikes motto????
Im introducing a New #Genre! #weedropweerock!!!
but I stocked up-
Can't wait till monday. :) <3
I AM SO PUMPED for my auditions Saturday but i still need to choose my 2nd song to sing -_-
#bucks need this one. Gotta win the games you are meant to win. GET GOIN NOW!
Hope to catch you some day soon..Miss your cute lil smile:D
Aw jordan I'm seeing it at 9:20 with
My, my, hey, hey; out of the blue and into the blah...
/ We'd like to think so... Perfect game to play on the commercial breaks... Challenge your friends and family!
He takes down 2 players and no foul. only metta world peace would get away with that
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Our new packaging arrived and we are very close to the launch of our three new grain-free treats! Stay tuned- you're gonna love the favors!
Thx! RT : Join us Sat Park as we support to raise funds for healthier babies!
n its sikk I knew u was goin2go2one place n dats it idk if u think um playn or wat
Why is it that for a man to lose weight he need only stop drinking beer, but a woman must work out like crazy and practically stop eating?
we miss you too! I don't think we'll ever find a better boy band than you guys!
her game play or her vote?
I'm suprised that I've never seen anyone named Tropical Henry on an online poker site.
Oh no! It's a 2 4 Tuesday.. on a Sunday. It took a whole continent to save a career. #paulsimonsaysleavethebar..now!
haha no way :)?
Seriously considering an ipod touch
Either the plane is taking off finally or I was an early victim of our new society.
I dnt think my mom bought me
so i created my fTag and if i want to use it i have to put _XLZ5 in my tweet...why is that more viral than #4bmore? wtftag
You better check yo'self before you wreck yo'self.
I'm thinking about drawing pretty pictures
these female
Thx for the retweet guys! Great to connect here!
good thoughts.
What do you think about the Cards picking up another receiver to help out Larry? Yay or Nay?
RT People next to us on Hawaii bus are from Westminster. Us? Arvada. We all said we were from #Denver. Easier That Way.
I need an iPod.
thank you!!
yea lol that's what it means #GoSpursGo!!
If I don't go to sleep before midnight, I'll never fall asleep. Goodnight.
So honored to be a part of it!
ROCKtober. There, we said it.
I'll be in LA Oct 10-15; will a couple of soldiers let a lady buy them a drink ... Or lunch?
Barbershop flow lol
Are you allowed to have a 2nd favorite MLS team?
Thinking about making an Emergen-C mimosa for breakfast this morning
Watchdogs pull info about Free Press and its founders from the internet before it's removed!
But the TLA app is way better than the ALA app.
Saw The Lucky One with !
On a bus in L.A., finally. Feel like a lil girl again.
I am not young but I feel young. The day I feel old I’ll go to bed and stay there. J'aime la vie! Life is a wonderful thing. ~Coco Chanel
how does the mexican guy know me? LOL oh yeah hea dded me but id idnt accept nigga
everybody breathe
Who could that be?--new page update today
I feel the FIRE of the Lord burning in. My soul...
why not? Haha
cant be put into words. Lasting memory of this visit is the video interviews at end of survivors
When are you coming to the west coast? I can't wait to show you around Portland!
but seriously. boobs.
is an awful photographer. #Bored x
Welcome to Twitter :) Check my following list for a bunch of agencies who are always posting events!
a follow would be nice...
thursday cant get here fast enough my dude ha thrownin down wit my homie
Licensing systems are not without costs themselves, and therefore inefficient
I hope she know dat ain't cute ...cuz she you look like a straight h*e .
All things considered, Tony does have THE BEST team! Therefore, he'll be getting my vote(s)!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are married and thinking about separating, set clear intent about the future before the separation.
Anatine whispers at the pond / Linger on the ripples / Draw the attention of puppies / Teetering at the edge
#YouKnowItsRealWhen Everybody Up-daten Sombody About Who Got Shot
Chris Hardwick. He's not a businessman. He's a business, man.
U can't take the ring from the champion but I can take the champion out of the ring
m looks gr8!
Really? I considered it but was afraid I'd catch fire.
sounds great! The only #Matinee you mean
could run for president, but it would interfere with book club...
Oh my gosh, you guys, I was just totally surrounded by 7 tiny puppies. So much cute.
Ready to get off work and go workout! Great way to start/end day
no bookshelf in ya crib but u gotta crazy DVD collection
when are you gonna work for my mom.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RT : A5: When we find and follow our vocation, we become leaders.
wow im like starving all of a sudden :S
March madness is really madness hahah!
that would look great at bomb night tonight.
thefunded.com allows users to rate and write reviews about their experiences with venture capitalists.
Every girl in mater academy thinks they are so cute when I reality they're just so fake.
EARTH without 'ART' is just 'EH' !
Yo my usual crew must have went to sleep on smh but its kool
You're right about that! We're so fortunate to be able to work with you.
I think you're reading my math wrong. Constant acceleration of either drunkenness or drink intake rate = ruin!
I know, right??? Why aren't they asking her about her face???
Iove all these natural remedy tweets!
iMedia Brand Summit - Las Vegas in T-minus!
great.. i finally get a twitter app i like and i think it's draining my battery! fuckkk...
want a hard copy! Finally found one at Target after looking for fifteen min :)
A big reason our society needs a Love Life Rehab is that SINGLE PEOPLE dont understand what God has to say about Sex! Come listen on Sunday!
If #Romney can't win 50% of any state's GOP base, how's he gonna carry 50% of the entire voting public?
i been chillin today man
what about the future is now shirt?
Hi Jeff
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
don't be jealous of #adamscott. You'll always be my #1 :)
Hey George! Long time no chat. How's it going? RT : Morning
Super sleepy
We faired well. Nashville missed the brunt of it. HIgh winds and hail.
Keystone pipeline will "reduce our energy dependence. It is a lie, they say that that oil is for export"
Happy May Day! #CelebrateLife :-)
Someone tell me why my dog just followed me into the bathroom....
Is there a way to search blog and/or YouTube comments? This is more difficult that I thought it would be...
has actually been pretty productive today despite getting a very late start. I did miss Mr. Fish business hours though, sorry Jess.
There was a test? Dang. Nobody told me there was going to be a test.
no. I don't dig kanye. Just jay-z. Plus, I'm cheap and can't justify spending that kind of money.
my jaw dropped when i saw 's new hair..omg
It was great to talk with you today. Nice to find you on Twitter, too, putting a face to a voice.
Work sucks. Or I just need a better job.
Take note #orioles, that is how to buny
Alright, thanks :)
The hospital's neurological floor is better than an episode of Cops. Police & security here again...this time assault charges are in order.
LMAO at you twitterer profile pic.. Lol it's been a while since I've seen that one
deadline is 1st June :)
Still pondering a summer short story series... like July to August duration... once a week, episodic.
Data (and knowledge) is POWER! Love the "gory" details of data!
no worries! Will have to check it out!
thank you sweetness !
well this is going to cause us to drink hard liquor.
Siri has all the details.
Why does the UW VPN have to suck (i.e., use standards-based tech from this decade)? Can't get the $&*# thing working with our new 3g modem
Should take and I to Paris. So we are able to see the scenery and potential lol
Great blackouts from I did my part.
At Dairy Queen with Mr Will, Michelle, Lindsay, and Chuck! (:.
yes please increase education funding...show our kids they are this nations highest valued asset, not day camp prisoners
Loved it! Also loved Different World! “: Funny for the most part I hated the Cosby show.”
what do you do
RT haha, yea zero pressure. Walk in the park. I got this on lockdown my man. I'll make it work. (via )
Boston Market mashed potatoes
Thanks to , the host of 's for being our guest speaker at #NMDD on 5/19!
is performing tonight at 8pm at bang comedy theatre (up the block from canters) in a sketch comedy show...come watch and L to the AUGH!
You should probably put your tits back in your shirt, slut.
Great #SWE Board call tonight - I'm excited about all the momentum we have toward achieving our FY12 goals like outreach and membership
Fitness Tip: Body Mass Index (BMI) - BMI is considered a more accurate tool than body weight alone to assess overall health and risks...
Haha wow jessica
Uthoff has an appeals meeting scheduled for Thursday morning, but I'm fully expecting him to get abducted by aliens on his way to it.
If you cant control yourself from peeing on the seat, you dont deserve your equipment.
I dnt like them
Always an extra special compliment when it comes from a Lady. Thank you! XOXOXO
where in NYC are you spinning?
Go Cats!
best wishes with everything you do from here!
Happily hosting today and tomorrow. The space is buzzing with innovative minds!
Don't be sad! I just zipped over and read it and it was AWESOME. Everyone is probably just out on emergency cupcake mission.
Black Friday is in the books. Visit us tomorrow for Fuji Saturday!
I had set mine up on pc, so I could go in and edit my changes, but when I connected the remote, the computer didn't see it.
I freakin love her already. She was 11.2 pounds!
Who is winning the game???
RT : Brazilian women only LOOK like Ronaldo, they don't play like him- even with 12 players. #USWNT advance! GO GO USA!
My mom was in the movies taking notes, she been bought the book. Im not taking pointers about love from a book, If it comes it comes
Good Morning!
hahaha yesh I sexy lolol !! Hmm I didnt write it -__- that's why I was asking u!
The good thing about bad things is that they teach you to breath. And to #live. And to know that the #road goes on!
Filling out a deposit slip and forgetting to send the check with in drive through lane.
Kameron Woods with the dagger three after two offensive rebounds by Smith. Butler leads by five with 18 seconds to go.
makes my day.
bay i just text you
Trying to decide on a color for my walls … this is very hard >.<
bynum showing why you have to keep him, Lakers are looking better then regular season and now i am thinking 2 or 3 more really good years
Insider tip: I probably won't be drafting the #Saints Defense in any leagues this year.
Thank you to the new followers it's good to have you. We are working hard to brink more great USA cash poker games to the site.
You're an amazing actress. Happy to be following you! :)
Good to keep these things #organized. :) #Lists make #tweets much easier to manage & #read! :)
Why is it like rush hour @ 10pm on a Wednesday on #dcmetro? Did I miss something?
Fire at Hayes today...onlyat MY school.
So exited for middel school!
"I'm a man not a kid"....hahahaha. That's the funniest thing I've ever heard
#ProjectArchaeology teacher workshop for the LEEF Conference is getting under way! Trying to squeeze 2 days' learning into one!
All guys should be like
That would be sweet.
This year is already flying by....can time really speed up????
Free screening of the Epic FATHER'S DAY in Asbury Park May 3rd @ the Showroom
should I go to Hollywood and Highland today at 4? Check out latest tweet.
Tip:stay positive & avoid criticizing or calling a child a "picky eater". Children believe what they hear! Be a good role model.
Scranton, PA today! Who's going to be there?!
Hi , we just sent you an email regarding our Innovation Network and would love your feedback.
No need to be nervous, it won't hurt a bit
true that. I hope to work with him one day
Guess what! You're spam and I'm reporting you! : guess what! on facbeook they're giving out brand new iph ...
Call tonight and get 15% off your cut or color service this week! (773) 252 - 9522
Rehearsing my show in the park today.
With the announcements just coming today, we don't have answers just yet on the best way way to get the new iPhone.
Homosexuality exists in 450+ species. Homophobia is only found in one. Which seems unnatural now?
RT after around 1hr to 1 and a half hrs of exercise.. you get tired!
I've noticed that too.... seems to be a popular word right now.
#ihavenotolerance for weak players that stay on the ice too long
thanks for coming!
I still don't get how people from Colorado can't drive in snow. C'mon folks! It's a common thing in this state!
;) lol it happens
I think I'm tripping right now
A woman KNOWS her place, a slore questions it.
The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center is led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security...
I'd rather tell all these girls that want to be skinny to get fatter than tell one fat girl to lose weight.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our followers!
Last chance to shoot something today. Ask for detailed instructions on how to get to your favorite restaurant or coffee shop and vid it.
What have I accomplished today...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! And yes, I enjoyed every minute of it!
You're so welcome! TY, Karen for your great support of #HireFriday! You're a Superstar :) RT TY, Emily! You rock!
Sir I think i got another project for you.
it means no worries for the rest of your days
Headed to #mla12 ! Are you going? Come say hi at booth 208/210!
Don't worry; y'all both made us laugh. Now behave & no name-calling here!
Have you gotten your FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee yet? Grab yours today before it is too late! ^Eugene/PDX area only
seems like Delbanco wants to yank abolitionists out of particular time and make them stand as proxies for any 'idealist'
If happy ever after did exist...
I'm cold
Waiting in a 5 year long line for the 5 Year Engagement
Only , and I comment on our FB photos w/ everybody's name from The Seven and then quote
You want war ill bring it to your front door
LOL love you too :*
"I'm coming after whoever, WHO HAS IT!?"
Me and are SO ladylike....
more annoying? #freshmen in the front room? #trombone in the basement?
time to watch the Dexter season finale. PUMPED.
i'm honored i could be here for you! :)
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester .... Roommate repellent
Who's going to the Valero Alamobowl tonight?
#MILITARY IN ACTION 21 KING SPEECH WHAT YOU WANT HOW YOU WANT IT WHERE HOW TO DO IT YOU CHOOSE PEACEFUL PROJECT
Be sure to come out ans see the show tonight...A Night of Illusions...it starts at 7pm
TSOI-NY is 'bout to see TSOI fav, Owen - CASIOTONE FOR THE PAINFULLY ALONE - new band, ADVANCE BASS at Mercury Lounge 2nite! C U There?
Little K was in a fourth of July parade! When asked if it was for my bday (same day) or the 4th, she was sure everyone was there for me :)
Every day we live is a day closer to death so live your life robustly and with no regrets.
#Groupie? Lol you're still my fav Toriii RT : Tyler seguin at splash with me? I don't mind
Its 's Birthday Tomorrow! I Love You Girl <3
I can't stop!
“: I'm more confused than sperm in an asshole.” LMAO
Dad goes in for quadruple bypass today...I'm praying for an easy surgery and complete, easy and effortless recovery. He deserves a miracle.
yes definitely :) i'll message you on tumblr about it tomorrow!
Don't worry about how you impact the world, you made your mark on the world the moment you took your 1st breath. You are here, aren't you?
Thanks for shopping! Score any new gear?
has been using spring break to think about future programming. What SoTL resources, programs, or content would you find useful?
that may prove to be true. But, you know it's what he'll be looking for
tf I don't ow you a solid and how did you get in my twitter
What the blood clot!
Could not be more proud of my tonight! What's not to love about this team? No all-stars needed.
Thanks my friend!
We will have a meeting of two Top Ten teams on winning streaks of 17 & 18 games meeting this week in Knoxville
one of my other favorites was Guy Smiley. Is he still around?
The last Bowery Bangs Some Girls live show tonight at Tammany Hall 152 Orchard 1030pm!! Free Show - Free Beer 10-11. NYC
I agree. “: I'm not trading Barrie/Elliott for anything less than a proven 30/40 goal guy who is signed”
It was all for the Games. How you acted.
RT DONE with my first year in nursing!!!!
Excellent choice! RT Calvin and I couldn't agree on a show, so we're watching Ren & Stimpy.
I've been Havin so many random run-ins with old friends this week!!! wonder what the universe is tryin to tell me....
: Using ur bk 4 mktg class I'm teach'g in Boston! Did u say custom ecommerce sites pull 10X better vs off-shelf? Where was it in bk?
Stop in... I'm here with all this amazing art and it needs a home. We close at 6pm.
so sorry for your loss
Follow , he's completely convinced that connective technology will help change the world in beautiful ways
haha,your welcome! im cool like that
Two headliners, & opener & a building that closes at 12? This was as late as we could start. You can still make wild nothing!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Love the excitement and passion of on the
Scopin' Kandinskys at the Phillips Collection with , and rest of my Bavarian hand muff'd posse.
I'm sitting in a airport right now. And I'm really sleepy.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... "Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep."
Thanks for the RT!
well stated. Thanks for the lift.
#itseemslike having a baby is like buying a new purse or the new ebt card u got to have one
Today feels like such a great day, we hope it is for everyone!
did you make the eggplant parm and cannoli like I asked???
Just read the eating instructions on a Hot Pocket for the first time. There's so much I've been missing! It's like a new world is opening.
Gonna try to eat for practically the first time all weekend :(
so, who are you?!
My Heart is tattooed on my sleeve I'm not hiding. No It only hurts to breathe.<3 #Nowplaying On My Sleeve By Creed.
i love , he's my one and only ♥
hate when your arms kill after stand up tanning :/
I will dazzle them with my other knowledge.
Say it.
i<3 harry potter, i think all HP fans should read it over
Just heard a pitch from an 8yr old about his character 'Bob The Idiot'. ...interest piqued!
China's April exports rise 4.9% as imports edge up 0.3%, far below forecast.
Michael Jackson cirque show tonight ! So freaking excited!! : Hold the fort down for me tonight
- great to see you today bro. let's get another breakfast on the calendar soon.
#Cheney got a new #heart. Wonder if he will suddenly turn into a nice caring person.
Thus ends the quarterly Shane Tweet Fest. :)
S/O to let's get this money cuz!
So I love dis app;-)
Apparently I won three 1D prizes so far. I don't want anything! I just want to go to their concert x|
"I have an Armani vest. If I had my arms cut off, it'd be an Armani jacket."
"I'd like to pollock all over you"
PITTSBURGH WE RUN THIS!!! RT : “: Young Wild And Free Is Platinum!!! Thank You Taylors”
I need to read this blog post
If you are experiencing crash issues in-game, please email the crash log(text file) to
late to the party by 5 mins but devils((((
#artpolitics tracking the body politic which is now wandering around stunned
Just uploaded some #LeBARC photos to #facebook. Check them out!
Wait how is it fixed?
#SadMomentWhen I go "Where's my phone?" And it's in my pocket! :P
Just about to start the tour.... excited.....
MSG must be fucking insane right now!!!!
Not when the play is this strong!!! AGAIN, you don't know the play!!!
this old man on the tram has got his legs out and long blk socks.
I agree:)
has a decent gluten free beer & nice wine. I miss The Abyss & Obsidian Stout-I hope they do a dark GF beer!
Does anyone know where I can find GREEN DENIM?
I should invest in a
We had an inspection with home owners of a house we're renovating and went very good!
Jo! This is awesome x 10^6! Big congrats!!!
RT : So long Bay area! One way ticket to KC! Can't wait to get to work with my new team on Mon!
Do non-elites have two revolving charge accounts at Tiffany and purchase 500K in jewelry there?
I want to make sweet love to you.
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I C a guy in a BF Vikings shirt from time 2 time. “: A guy wore a Favre shirt to work today...man, is he getting teased. #WIProblems”
Always. Email me at
I call that ninja can't get right, cos that's just what he can't do!
mucho. but I like having something to look forward to :)
thanks to the Mihir power supply company
Enjoyed your web page does your shop do mail order
If you haven't read the book: Sold by Patricia McCormick, you should go read it. Very good book.
Corncob pull-ups are my new nemesis.
my man big ben is the toughest man in sports!
So many good sessions to choose from at upcoming #COFLA. Follow that hashtag to see who is pitching which sessions.
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Captain Planet ....!!! :-)
How's what? <3
Perforated paper literally never tears how it's supposed to.
on my radio: mariah carey- emotions. #throwback to when she was actually good
Popcorn was invented before movies. Butter spray is another story.
Took me about 15 tries to open this account. Completely forgot my login info.
But the west became very reductionist in the 19th and 20th centuries. That does not mean mysticism faded. But Christianity exorcised it.
I was thinkin about pullin one off to some ebony porn. But I think Im gonna smoke a sky dancer, take a poop, then drink a beer first
can you follow us back so we can send you more details on the event asap? thanks!!
Well it's official, I'm a grad student :)
i cant get you off my mind...
when are #BELIEVE tour dates coming out ?
Okay, So I'm Gonna Be On This More :)
Oh well, guess she doesn't need me.
Don't make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
I strongly believe in ghosts because I've seen them with my own eyes.
Le Thai or sing-ha
me too baby i love you so much mwah
#libchat Goodnight friends, I am being summoned to enjoy pitas for dinner! Catch you next week.
Going downtown today to present for Polish Hill, Got to get the funding to help make our community plan a reality. Wish me luck !
Hey - great to see you at artstech last night. Wanted to tell you about Figment / Jackson, Mississippi. Can you DM me your email?
Don't wanna break your heart; just wanna give your heart a break.
agreed. I bet if he killed me everyone would just be like aw and then move on
See my answer on to: Child custody - It sounds like you would need to file a Supplemental Petition to modify th...
I live like a billion miles away from my school! :b
Coming up after the news break: More on "cookiegate" local issues, and your calls & emails.
thanks for following us!! Check out our music video #Rest :)
I hope you get your internet back soon. Happy Hanukkah to you and your whole gang there! Love Cody's hat in your profile pic!
Thanks! I'll have to check that out!
thanks gill!!
napkins dying is ur latest fashion!!!!
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
Are you at work? Did you ask any of your bosses or coworkers about the interviewing stuff?
Once again Republicans using hatred of a group of people to mobilize their base.
Don't lower your standards to keep anyone , if they're not making you happy , it's time to find someone who does . .
Isnt the flu just so fun.!?!?!
Extremely tired.
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Place your orders at (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4826
": #WhatIDoKnowIs the most important relationship you can have is a relationship with God."
talking to baylor & being on a walk with him :D <3
I'm gonna find a lot of interesting things while I move out and clean everything..
Watching CSI NY
Indonesia-funded Hospital In Gaza To Open In 2013
Just realized I fell asleep during Inception. I think Mr. Charles may have been trying to infiltrate my subconscious mind.
Tomorrow, Friday, April 20th - City Year Milwaukee Open House. Come by the office at 5p to see what City Year is all about!!!
Everyone who starts school in the morning have a productive day
Prepare for Downtown Milwaukee strip club battle, redux. Coming soon. Fun times.
Ran into "Mr. S" from an illuminating KPFT broadcast back in 2008! ---
Thinking of getting a membership to the Natural Science Center so I can swing by and play w/the goats every day. That's not weird, right?
thanks man let me know if ya need nemore
Heading to Cheyenne to see and in concert. Should be AWESOME!!
Hey EveryBody How U Doin ????????
Happy Thursday everybody! :) :) :)
Wausau is excited to have you. What time will the eagle be landing?RT: So I get to hang out in Wausau. Rather excited about it.
Lol my moms like ' time is irrelevant to me '
ok I was just ask'n hehehe
Check out one of the funnier parody accounts I've seen
Bored out my mind, Lonely AF,
(part 3) My fear of the unknown is being successful at something truly challenging. I constantly feel out on a limb in this major.
.. Ok something u dont know.. You r not irritated just misunderstood!! :-)
I was about to ask why are you awake Tweeting so early. Then I remembered you're three hours later than me at the moment.
Offering a great Valentine's gift-a gift certificate for a 1 hour Swedish massage for yiour Sweetheart (a $100 value). Call 305-335-3855
Back Stage Rush today ! WOOT WOOT !!!!
Last day in studio !
THE THINGS I WOULD DO FOR PANERA
Gluten free pumpkin cheesecake? Yes please! is in this month's recipe section of the magazine - on newsstands now!
maria(bestfriend):you have a good figure me:aww maria:you might want to stop eating soon tho...
I feel like having a party!
You honor me - thanks!
I love that Epi and Joey in it.
I cant right now with this Laker Game tho
OART goes weeks at a time with no volume..only 7k worth of stock traded yesterday
Coffee, music, a blanket and homework. Looks like this is going to be the rest of my evening.
We lost Megaupload, then Filesonic... I don't like this trend.
#osama ... 2) What message would it have sent if we had captured but *not* killed #obl? 3) ...
im so sad..... Fisher
Denver looks great on Hopefully Broncos look good too!
I'm D O N E being nice to y'all, fck it !!
you me " your boyfriend and girlfriend and girlfriend" that one? Bahah
OK! A 3.8 earthquake in San Bruno,Ca...Few days ago 4..? in Hawthorne,Nv.Is Mother Nature going to give us a WRACK?!!!!!!!
Today's Thought: Thinking well is wise; planning well, wiser; but doing well is the wisest and best of all. -- Persian Proverb
RT : Join me park avenue for a Cinco de Mayo cooking class. I'm teaching awesome cocktails and fiesta food!...
Homeless retreat tomrrw nd sunday.kids gona be sleepin in boxes looks like it might rain on them XD kinda sucks i gettin to watch it buahaha
Hey : Get a copy of the pro-Brackett ad IACI is running on KBOI. It's the message for every incumbent Republican. And, it's good.
You know, I don't see any signs that say "Do not murder" - So what the fuck am I doing here?
Not to sound racist, but why does it seem like random black ppl r always tweeting trending topics... Who agrees?
Still kinda sleepy. I think I'll take a nap before my next class. I wish a daily nap was part of school like how it was in kindergarten.
Feeling a little bad about having dropped off the Twitterverse for a while. Also disconnected from the news.
thats huge. Congrats
April 6 BRO you gonna come to milwaukee for it?!
the royals broke my heart once again its coo tho 2012 is ours
I was wondering if anyone would catch that :)
-I find that the most talented #athletes seek out #coaches they can work "with" as opposed to "for" or in "fear of"
On the hunt for cosplayin' floozies. Lets go anime conji!
"The important is this: to be able at any moment sacrifice for what we are; For what we can become"
I'm #FREAKING out!!!
aww thank you ♥ love you too :)
I'm just trying to connect with the nature...lol
the "slight edge" is a consistent series of tiny-yet significant actions that are easy to do and easy not to do- Let's Do It -:)
So hilarious. When my friends and I found out it was her we were less than surprised, haha.
ugh feel terrible! i slept all day but i still feel bad :( might go to the ER later..
Listening to a radio talk show and it was the real nypolian dynamite on the show. It sounded NOT like him. Hahaha
what games?
Even after a dental appointment...he still finds time for a cold one. Thanks Dave!
TY so much for the follow! I'm a huge fan of the show! :-)
i finished mine (for my masters) this summer. it can be a killer but T-Dot u can do it!! go hard!
dude this is where it's at -
How can you be sure? Did it taste like human poop?
Working into the later hours calls for a little Speyside single malt.
Joyce was nice enough to let me go early......I ran out of there like a free slave! 🏃I's free! Got to get away from hyeah! 🔓
Glad to hear it
A.J. Jordan can't haul in Brennan's pass, and the White will have a 3rd and 9.
Suck it up, Bubba!
": haha you guys are brilliant" wrong.. you are ;p ..thanks for checkin us out!!
Why does a cat have canine teeth?
Thank you!
Just saw a lady at Walmart who looked like a half open can of biscuits.
my brother & his girlfriend are fighting over some stupid ass stuff -____-
RT : RT : I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Blessings to my pilgrimage peeps; miss you all!
Looking to buy a good hardshell electric guitar case. Anyone got a lead?
Bad Ass profile quote "To be number one, you have to train like your number two" Damn st8r bro!
There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Picnic will be closed Monday December 26th and Monday January 2nd.
who doesnt like ham!!!!!!!!! i mean common seriosly!!!
That was a fun show! Thanks for coming out love :)
Since you've moved to broadcasting, how does the lockout effect what you are doing?
I've seen better (wigs).
Join me for an amazing performance at Cafe Was at 9:30pm with Some amazing gospel for the godless.
Krossover would never be able to pick up Florida's uniforms on video
girl is bear crawling around my house
Louisville notre dame coming down to the wire....not expecting either team to do anything in the tournament
Good morning everyone! Beautiful day in NYC. Hope you all have a great weekend filled with many great cocktail choices!
Of course I read ur tweets r I could not respond. Just tying to give U some encouragement: don't get 2 low or 2 high. Positive
We started out as a local corner bakery in San Francisco in 1974. Now we're baking the same recipes for the whole country! We love progress.
It might be looking at your beloved with new eyes
I don't know who Victorious is, but her Happy Meal toys are annoying.
Jonas Brothers > One Direction. Always.
id guess Ross and Hedges start in Eugene next year right? Does Kelly start in AZL or Eugene too?
At the First Night press preview at the Long Center
sometimes its my butcher, sometimes its my cousin Fat Vanessa, sometimes its one eyed Pete, or even Disaster Greg
i've missed born of osiris every time they've came to indy.. definitely not missing them this time!
give me $4 to get in cause you love me
It's a clear and beautiful night. Check out Mars, Venus, and Jupiter!
sure anytime! would love to talk! DM me!
Follow Me (:
coming to slc in a few weeks for ?
My friends >
ohh! I'm curious how the Wednesday night class is! I'd totally go with you if I didn't have crossfit :/
I do! RT : If anyone needs camel meat I know a place.
17 days til the Dream Home opening!!
I tend to show extreme distaste towards those who claim to love me then leave me.
": Get 'Trel up in the bullpen!"where Trel at?
not going to act like I'm rich 'cause I'm not at all - but in the erratic music business, it would take a lot..
Daughter Megan leaves Alaska this AM. Hope she enjoyed last night's gorgeous moonlight shining on the Tanana Valley. Will see her in a week!
#landofbrand hear 12 experts talk about marketing and building your brand.
what's the word on Thursday?
Look at netbooks on amazon.
Sitting at Milwaukee airport waiting on flight back to GA.
hey that's one of our dreams too! it looks so satisfying..smoothing out that ice...haha
HIGH FIVE! 🙏
Sundry has to be on ESPN on fat Tuesday. The nutty professor to dumb to come up with the potion.
Instead I just get defensive and make some comment about them not being able to see my eyes from where they are
Swiss Family Robinson sold out.
I envy your mental state right now.
and Thank you for the #FF mentions!
Hey!!! I miss you too! How are you???
Bratty husbands count to 20 or until asked,"Have we learned our lesson yet?"
You know "Oldtime football won.." guy is gonna call back because he hasn't been heard and that's what its about, not him listenin
Watching The Pitch on Netflix... SOO boring. They need a real character on this show. This does not capture the excitement of advertising.
Are you looking to treat an autoimmune condition with the parasites? I'm a believer that could work.
"[E]verything you absorb you're going to secrete." Tom Waits, interviewed for The Observer in 2006. Well put.
start a trend
yes I see ur on the east coast:( please let me know when u come to Hollywood
4 LIS460ers: anyone else have trouble opening igoogle screencasts? Probably my computer, but just checking!
My birthday is in 5 weeks and (almost) 3 days. #justsayin 👍🙆🙅💁
Not really I only watch occasionally.
#imagine wearing one of Austin's sweaters. <3
If ur friends r talking bout there other friends behind there back odds r they culd be talking bout u 2 behind ur back...
Looks like I will be interviewing Anthony Tallarico, the creator of Lobo, one of the earliest African-American comic book heroes!
Big thanks to & for helping our kids plant tons of edibles this week.yum!
ohh yeah..like you can talk
Actually had an excellent #run on Sat for 20mi. Looking forward to the #FlyingPig!
it all depends what is it are you trying to get, consultation are done before hair services
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen there's only 3 people awake in your class.. 😳💤
Mac News Briefs- Navicat Premium Manages Database Servers ...
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center, booth #709! Franchise opportunit…
Good question. How about the quality of those connections (besides quantity)?
From Fond's pastry chef, a sweet addition Jessie Prawlucki is opening Belle Cakery, a mostly takeout spot on East Passyunk.
Morning #Philadelphia, todays the day! So excited to see everyone later tonight at #TechInMotionPhilly!
Jesus girls are pretty cool
you're very welcome! We love you!
Thanks to everyone who voted today on PollMKE.com |
All P. Burress does is catch TDs...
Think #logotv should pick up the lost episodes of
There is hope, there is a reason we can lift our hands and sing.
Congrats on the new flicks! Would love to chat about it on my LA radio show...U could even do it from your cell-u-lar phone!
Are you making pancakes this morning with only one contact lens in? Not the best idea... and I speak from experience. ;- 0
My daughter negotiates like Scott Boras and my son behaves like Metta World Peace. Not exactly the sports identities I had hoped for them.
Someone really needs to hit me upside the head with a bat
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. - Bill Cosby
#KW is going in April w #masterminds in #Vegas! Can't wait - I hear great things!
all matts fault!!! Stupid crazy talent guy!! Hahah we love u Matt!
$350 gift basket to the best dressed pet tmrw at the #ShelterHopePetShop Pet Parade #ThousandOaks. noon tmrw!
I've had that trouble ever since I upgraded to Snow Leopard. It sometimes takes as long as 15 minutes before printing happens...
even the sun sets in paradise
you didn't have to.
No better workout than #Crossfit. I go to Stone Oak Crossfit.
I feel like unfollowing every girl with #teamTaken on their profile... This isnt Facebook, nobody cares about your relationship status.
Ha! So true. RT : The '60s: when American filmmakers wanted us to believe Karen Black was hot.
back in Minnesota we do like our buns!
I'm Going To Sleep! Even Thought I Have A Lot To Think About.. G'Night :/!
Lol yeah tell me about it. Hopefully my brother will get me tickets for the Believe tour. Only if I'm nice though :P
thats what I was about to tell you
If you were homework, I would slam you on the table and do you right now
#ESTgirlproblems''RT : The only time I will ever get married is if you make me as happy as does.
it is ridiculous
Over 100 followers already. Thanks for following guys! Now don't forget to promote and go like their fb page!
yes I did. Posted it on Facebook too! Thanks, it was an awesome photo! :)
I'm on a mission for perrier in the gaslamp wish I had my board.. attn
getting ready to go and shoot a video - isn't marketing fun?
I don't think I've ever been this excited to see someone. I'm so pumped to spend my day in Chicago tomorrow :)))
Been up all night. Just watched Danny Trejo in "Bad Ass." What a movie. He's about 65 yr. old man going around kicking ass for 1:30 minutes
I want to do something exciting, something I don't normally do..
Listening to :D
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't think before they speak !
Time just needs to slow down.
we have the same birthday!
thanks! great for the team and for Seattle!
Joe Johnson close to signing 6 yr/ $119 Million contract with the Hawks
I only walk in ONE DIRECTION;)
Ben at my gma house wit da fam all day
What no not fair
is the dirtiest FIFA player I've ever played against
And when I get my hair colored I'll still wear my streaks. Lol no forreal
Thanks to Dusty.
At peace with it finally... Smiling at this beauty called life.. ^_^
The conversations me and have:)
Thank you, Joey dear. Xo
Scientists discovered the world's first hybrid sharks in Australian waters. Sharks are adapting to climate change.
I hate petty ass people
let's go on tour already. shall we?
I totally wish I still had it!
what do you do with all your stuff then??!! the other end, oh wait LOL cc
?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair
”Why limit happy to an hour?”
thanks!! Same to you Keith!!
OMG, I'm being followed by Roland Hedley. Why?? Did somebody forget to redact my name from the "torture" memos?
RT Mondays are the universe's way of reminding you why you should go to the Dark Side, build a Death Star and blow up planets.
u must
Im out for the night loves, leave me with a blown up twitter to wake up to <3
lol, ok. I have my share of back pain but it's manageable. Hope you feel better!
Wind Bill on the brink-need anyone that can to show up in Annapolis at 8:30a Monday-Lawyers Mall. Whole coalition is coming. Spread the word
call me ASAP bruh!!!
I'm in that picture too!
Omg... just tweeted :)
great playing with you Sunday. Hopefully we'll catch you in sweet home Chicago!
Better luck next time :/
My Dad lost 40lbs since he became a vegan, just found out he reduced his blood press 20pts in 6 mo after switching to a whole foods diet.
setting up a super top secret password then when you go back to it years later.. you can't remember it. #TRIPLEFAIL !
People with clenched fists cannot shake hands - Indira Gandhi
how do we know? Does PP maintain separate accounts for medical procedures vs abortions?
The Whistleblower. Hard to watch stuff, my friends. To be followed by an episode of Elizabeth Gets Stupid Crazy Angry at Humanity.
Chin down, Fist up, BLAST EM!
the boys I watch told me it was his Bday. So we recited our fav Dr. Seuss-isms the whole way home from school. He's the greatest!
Ugh! My phone is jacking up :|
what's up with these woman with stevie wonder hair lines lol
#Madonna is still the ultimate #Trophey for #Cougar #Hunters everywhere..
:O Oh snap!! :( gosh that's kind of a bummer!
What I Ive learned in my social media class: social media wont go away, protect your brand & focus ur attention where ur audience is
MT Has a work of art ever given you chills in a good way? Been a long time...but today i remembered #GoogleArtProject (via )
eat than nap>>>>
AGAIN? OMG.
3 golden globes
#Hoosiers receive a very warm welcoming onto the floor. Plenty of Indiana red in the building
he's got his game face on.
I know, great timing. I'm physically fine. I chased her, called the cops and filed a report. My car's damaged but drivable.
Oh, yes. We've been waiting.
oh my, hello Pittsburgh #earthquake!
is this the start of a twitter addiction??!
200 Stuart St. Boston! We can't chance having you get lost...we're too excited to show you around!
: To realign your heart when you lose sight of a mission, look at what matters most (the clients, mission, issue)
Moms Mothers Day present... check! Her loving it.. Check!!:)
Instead of asking why. Ask, why not?
I am exhausted after a day full of touring and talking with museum/art people in Racine WI. Great day though!
Waking up to Rocko a half inch away from my face, sniffing my nose. I figure he has his reasons.
lax day in #LA. But a bit sad that the hot guy who worked at my gym no longer works there. He was one of the small happy bits of life!
You can certainly file it under your insurance as long as you have comp coverage!
Win a free garden! Res, church, school, or other institution eligible. Winners announced 5/1 wk day. Go to VGI website to register
Happy Hour all day on Tuesday at Amber! $4 Sliders, $4 Wood Fired Pizzas, $4 Draft Beer and more! See you this evening!
yes, then you knew who to trust!
Bottom of the 1st. #Padres come up with some runs 2-0 #Padres over the
Aw nice. See now THAT needs to happen.
even more fail type.. My bberry is not agreeing with me.. Fucking auto correct
Oh Heyy there(:
let me know if you want to place an order thru email.
Much needed fun night with friends :) wish the not thinking thing could last all night though *sigh*
Less than 60 likes til reaches 7000 views I know yall gonna help and like it just TAP like! Go go go
What are your favorites in the series? I seem to remember "Bad Blood," "Triangle," and "Dreamland" the most from childhood
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
My new Thursday night is at club rain 516 brooklyn ave, SA, TX no cover all night! 21+ guys 18+ ladies! Don't miss this its gonna be crazy!
Every minute 3,000 images are uploaded to Flickr-the photo sharing social media site
Of course I find an effective way to study, at the end.
We've done that....waiting...
effing amazing. Working a ton and expanding my client list at an alarming rate. Yourself? How's Whorelando
Haven't smoked in some years, haven't drank in some months, haven't been a player n weeks, haven't fucked somethin since a few minutes ago!
Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta
hey hey! Do you use SEO mktg? Have an SEO expert friend who wants 2 hlp me drive more traffic 2 my sites. Any suggestions? :)
thank you sir!!!
RT people might be laughing at Rebecca Black but if theyd pay attention to 99% of songs today, lyrics are ALWAYS awful/childish
Happy Easter!
it's a lovely scent (in a william shatner voice)
It's a lot easier than it appears to be. I'm rocking at it now that I know!
hot cocoa, blanket, sofa, watching snow and live actions in #egypt. A surreal working day.
Great to see you on Twitter Judith, I hope to study with you in NYC someday.
That's cool.{: I'm still sitting here haha I'm about to get up. :P
GO FOLLOW HIM AND I WILL GIVE YOU SHOUTOUTS :D<3
I would like to see Jackie save him for a change. For him to actually be scared for his life.
We were doing so gpod till u got home.
So, the price of drinks at a Miami hotel that costs $600/night are the same as most bars in DC. Just sayin'. (PS-I'm not staying here.)
does truth have twitter?
Me All Day and everyday
Find something worth holding on to and never let go ; <3
It's cool to see parents of children with diabetes and gluten intolerance when they find www.yestocookies.com
is a bitch and needs to come over huh
My brother is swimming with sharks today in S. Africa. I am concerned about both his safety and his reasoning skills.
just woke up from a well needed/ deserved nap... back to studying until practice!
Kill them with kindness :)
God will give it to you, if he can get it through you<3
I wish I could afford meet and greets! WAHHH
Feeling good
no jackass another time. Lol on the outside. And it was a single egg in the outside
Finally caved & went into that nice looking record store on Mississippi Avenue - it is Super Cool! I'm sunk!
yeah! I was thinking about emailing him that I refuse to do a project that involves siding with something so terrible.
Please respect my space and as far as you're concerned, it extends from the Pacific Ocean to the Mason-Dixon line.
Hope Pat doesn't mind me sleeping in his bed tonight 😏💤☁😘
has been like a mother to me in the entertainment biz. Happy Mother's Day.
Thanks so much, looking forward to getting started.
Lets try minimum wage anf porta potties and clean water and no sexism or harassment, This is not new my daddy picked onions
This rainy day is reminding us of Dublin. Stop in for some traditional Irish fare and wash it all down with a Guinness.
#ificantakebackonething my nut
Hosting training webinars on a variety of research tools and topics daily this week.
Thank you :)
off to work feeling awesome!
I'll be there...sleepy, but present! Go Allison!
Stressin' y'all. Needing some positivity up in hurr!
#Rangers cannot allow #Senators to turn this game into a goonfest
if noticed me i would be so happy <3<3 i love you hollandd
to watch...soccer, golf, baseball tied. To play...soccer and baseball tied
My plans for the next 3 hours will solidify my place in the 'loser' category
Android is a child of Linux. And Trovald needed a good op sys for himself and friends and set off a world revolution!
Why does everybody look busted today sheesh lol
PMP exam tomorrow...this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
We are demoing Chameleon Cold-Brew from 11am-3pm today at on Miller Ave. Come on out and give us a try! Pics are always welcome
RT:“: I dont know if you know this or not but, I am The Penn.”
Covering fishing opener in Waconia. A sign says, "fishing is not a matter of life and death. It's much more serious than that."
now playing Mrs Robinson by what a time warp dancing around my kitchen cooking :)
You know what goes great with 's Italian steak sandwich? Roasted eggplant soup.
Hello sales are doing great. Go online shop with me today www.healthyhairbyracheal.com
please illuminate, what is #mw2010 for us sitting in our offices?
One our "Finest" will be moving on...Sorry to see you go "Hawk"! We've had A LOT of memories, mostly good ;) Keep Well and All the Best!!
how about you just shut the hell up and leave my best friend alone.. that would be fan-fucking-tastic. duece.
Shipping up to Princeton, MA for a private gig this weekend. After a all local shows last weekend, we sure do miss our beloved tour bus
Trying to re-wire a coffee maker @!#&$ :)
only talked too quintin , just so she can have a bf . ashli " said quintin aint her type " and i was like ...........idgaf
Can you text Jean and find out the security code on the verizon account and message it to me? Phone's down
Been on a roll of no smoking. Just avoid annoying people for the rest of my life. #nosweat #igotthis--> nice 4th day, aqui
"We need to empower our parents." Michael Flores, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
Thanks for having on. Good breakdown of UK vs. IU
The ability to talk to animals has been my favorite superpower since Dr. Doolittle. And, I'm serious.
USA / MIAMI (stein)
It makes them sound all "spiritual".
S#!t is going down on #Grimm tonight!
Rangers win + a half shirtless Gavin Rossdale = not a shabby Sunday night!
Ohh okay cool I'm sitting here with my friend...
Piracy are the consequences of a bad api
Le Liban and Al Quds. Just a cooler way of saying Lebanon and Jerusalem
The April issue is going to be out biggest ever.... Got some HUGE interviews lined up today and tomorrow...stay tuned!
Its all about the heat boys
There's not enough vicodin in the world for me to watch the Daytona 500.
Lol! I think the answer is pretty clear. :)
Go #mubb! The luck of the #Irish was with #Milwaukee!
"i feel like patrick henry or something." - some guy with a pool triangle on his head.
"It's like pink lemonade...but drunker."
Chances are if she was acting up then i fucked her once and never fucked again!
we get 'em for everything else- never got one for this...
I'll come.
glad to hear that! is a visionary and a paradigm-smasher of the first order
I'm beat.
Hey, thanks for the follow!
I think you're one of the most naturally beautiful people I've ever met! You're so humble, genuine, and sweet! I love you!
“: Just got asked to be on the 'Voice' by the producers of the show!” this girl is awesome... Check out her music on YouTube
Hate it when Wade is off... needs to get in a groove
It's finally the #weekend! Celebrate by having a Bartab drink at one of our partner venues around #Chicago!
I'm still waiting for you to follow me lol. Ha ha hope all is well Mr. Talented.
jus took shot #1 wit waitin on our 4th to get out of his coma. not like we jus finished school or anything
#supportlocalmusic Live with 3shots of local bands. Stop by Follow us. Share.
Ken Jackson suggests for a better city allow restaurants to easily have outdoor seating. AMEN!
Sitting here wearing a long sleeved shirt, pants, socks and wrapped in a blanket. Something is wrong here.. #Cold #wtf #itsalmostsummer 😒
IMAX was everything you could want to watch transformers, but I don't know about those two "ghetto" bots in the movie?
We're coming on Friday! Can't wait!!
I took a look outside a little after 1am. I didn't see any aurora either. Went to bed after that.
Worst thing about a swoosh account is no discount on Retros...
Mom as cheerleader morning: Pumped up a sad/mad at his disability and special ed kid this morning. I know its normal, but I am pooped.
Step 9: Nurture the change. Surround yourself and engage with others. Keep learning.
Wonder what Jack is up to these days. Advising Libyan rebels?
definitely an A this will help ware get even more sacks
and the veins in the shrimp, eek lol
You would be the last person I think that would text me...
You can see that the Grizzlies have way more playoff experience then the Clippers. Very evident early.
omg they're giving tickets for one direction!!
Disclosure: today is official, I am the new president elect of the American Family Therapy Academy :)
I'M GOING TO DELETE MY COVERS IF YOU DO NOT COME BACK SOON. I ONLY DID THEM CAUSE YOU ASKED ME TO.
are most of the galleries and spaces closed on Monday?
Put it in my fanny pack in a baggy.
What'd you think of the dunk?
I need somma dat hood mentality
that awkward moment when you flirt with some one but you dont relize it and he looks/acts/talks just like you ex
I must say the guys tonight are mighty interesting!!!!
I am a salsa fiend!
Will be at #REBNY tonight, please find me and introduce yourself.
"I'm just a hunchy person naturally." -
I was like uh, I miss this girl that touches my nose all the time ! :(
thanks bro
According to , I am a Networker. Apparently my online style matches my offline style quite well. At least I'm consistent.
which?! : Just when you think & couldn't get any sweeter, they leave a Wichcraft sandwich on your desk
I Jus Wanna Show You How Much Im Dedicated To You. .
No comment."We used to look up at Detroit. We've grown to the point where we have a great respect for them but not in awe of them. -Trotz”
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to , & at on May 16th!
Wow just doing updates on Zillow.com
purely accidental but great to know! ...So I guess we can have you back again? :)
for "cleaning" Swype autocorrect heard "colonic". which could work. in a different context.
Yes...exhausted though. We've been running around all day. How was the red-eye? cc
cheer loud and eat some banditos for me
Point me in the direction of that then! That's likely what I'll be doing ...
Tim Burton's "Dark Shadows"? Too predictable a project for him. Tim Burton's "The Brady Bunch"? Now that I'd like to see!
how come hutchy looks like a star dwarf in your avi?
DSK warned over 'prostitution ring'
Thanks for that, Lynyrd Skynyrd brightens up my day :-)
Headley & Hundley are starting to kill me again, and Hundley's not even playing tonight.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere
Sitting on the computer for hours, then suddenly thinking, "Why is there no music playing?!"
without Justin Bieber carrying mayweathers belts
Will offer it up to my 7th graders next week, excited about blekko!
Remember to register to win an i pad at WWW.pcisolutions.com
To win RT : For what? RT : I'm picking Shane and Floyd tonight
when they made it seem like they were doing us a favor by raising the price.
You bitches are like summer, no class (;
I meant well! I think I've just caught your #CANTSPELLDIEASE! :D
People still black mail other people.
"Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way." (Edward de Bono)
Finally getting sore from Bootcamp last night with
In the middle of third glamour photo session with Angelica. Going great! Can't wait to work on the photos and upload them.
NEED TO RELEASE ENERGY. WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.
I worked on radio down here, sattellite radio shows, mix tapes etc etc...I got vehicles wraped and so on...over 20yrs strong.
I know right:)
I've been watching tv all day :o wtf .
It is THE nicest day in #nyc yet this year...perfect temp, no clouds, light breeze
Gonna be another long day today (-___-)
it's been worthy of jealousness down here man. One more round today!
1812- #Napoleon left his palace in #Paris to begin the March to
is exploring SF with his buddy Sathvik.
Left/ RT Hey! Can you tell me how to get to Bleecker Street?
Audition for Ash tomorrow for a commercial! Busy, busy, busy! : )
I loved 24....they should bring it back Kiefer
Good Morning & Happy Thursday Everyone
thank you! You ROCK
Yeah, We do Skype lessons sometimes and we go sometimes, too.
Are you on Pinterest? So are we! Search Abington Community Library to find our boards and follow us!
I try but it sounds so gay dude.. And it hurts
Since our Colts aren't plying today, who are you cheering for? The Steelers or Packers?
Thank you for retweeting. I appreciate it very much
#ShoutOut to the people who didn't wanna be cool with me when I was younger & now want some of this , EAT A DICK ...
This isn't as easy as I thought it'd be...
Everyone have a great weekend... dont drink and drive..
defense wins championships
"If content is king, context is God."
I think most of us are a mix. I've consistently got Ravenclaw on those quizzes, but I probably have traits of all 4 houses.
Crying at the ending of your favorite show<<<<
can we make "leave that room" happen as a mantra? (in re: newt) i'm thinking celeb wrist tattoos, a club banger, etc.
It's raining so much. It looks so cool
Canine - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
ever coming to Maine ?!
I love Neil diamond...
que Honda compadre?
happy birthday :)
People who talk too much about nothing -.-
Bulls won
the world needs more teachers.
I should have said 5/$80 to beat Wilson's deal.
Here i am in the flesh look your killer in the face
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells !
Oversigning, structure and luck have played quite the role too but NOTHING comes close to the edge in shelling out for the best.
Candy Land Wedding
sorry ladies in in Massachusetts.
gonna watch harry potter all night and wish i was at the premiere for the last movie, woo :3
Laura, I like the way you think! Thanks for the kind words to Dr. Pardo too - I had a great first week!
ordering shoes online
Brian's image in for Illinois - should be live now
Well...Today is going to be rough.
Hungover days have become more tolerable with
I had a BIG ASS panini for lunch, and I feel like I had a BIG ASS panini.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a fun day - we hope you're wearing green!
My mom knows the words to More Than This. She loves ! <3
Hello charlotte!
I'm talking hologram duets with myself
ya new boyfriend ctfu!
Im convinced Howard Hesseman was never off the acid
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
hahaha Stephen Hawking Jr! I'm doing better, thanks man
Stepping on a Lucky Charm and feeling like a cereal killer.
The folks in our class are rocking through the hands on filming part! Multiple camera angles and all! Wow.
What do you think of the Mayweather fight ?
Thanks for retweeting!
enterprising, but ruthless.
Hey! Haps to the new year!
i think that i never had a dejavú ;O
Muller: harvest creativity of people around the world, ran a global competition for creating innovative apps for development
I'm so ready for spring break. Too many people are just pissing me off here. 17 days 17 days 17 days.
happy born this day :)
just trying to make it last as long as possible!
Can we interview you for our teen webshow? :) #FollowBack Please? :)
brazilian blowout??
I know its january and all, but does it have to be snowing?
Simple joys- a sunny day and a fingerprint-free iPad screen.
Just want to take the time out to thank all my new followers!
do you think you'll make it out tomorrow?
My colleagues at Bay Area Aspire Public Schools start school on Monday! Looking forward to working with you & your young people again!
I use Vitamix and love it. Btw, getting on a summer cleanse soon...any yummy shake recipes I should try out? :)
Is PP about a non-essential gov funded program that uses tax payer money = useless cut it
new boy toy? cute. yall are adorable together :))
And Congrats to our hermana for being inducted into the GW Hall of Fame!! Theta Chapter is doing big things :)
Turned into a gorgeous evening. Getting ready to grill some fish & hang outdoors for a while. A relaxing evening....
In (hopefully) unrelated news, I'm discovering that I possess an annoyingly eclectic libido.
The level we're on, I don't think I can talk to you about everything anymore. Well not without upsetting anyone.
Good point. I really want to teach Emerging perspectives in my systematic theology class though.
Woke up to random production crew members asleep in my living room. Gotta love filming
sending positive vibes to my love
thank u...
BORGIA opens this evening with and -- who do you think is the tallest of that bunch?
which songs by which bands/artists have had a huge impact on your life? Would love to know
RT : Remember Congressman Joe "you lie!" Wilson? Yeah, he was actually right. Obama lied (shocker!). bit.ly/pRKf2h
I thought hotpants were daisydukes? either way I saw the playsuits the other day & just about cried.
At circle tourney
You reep what you sow
... and if you're ever in #Baltimore, I'll be happy to go for a run or give you a route!
Sleep = Distant memory
hmm let me think?
I might as well give up on trying to explain to my cat the difference between "next to" and "on top of."
yum!!! Might inspire a walk up my hill to the local Have a great day, game 7 tonight!!
We appreciate your effort! :)
Freddie Mac: 15YR Fixed-Rate Mortgage Hits Record Low
Thank all media for having incompetent public trial by jounalist further smearing the Martin case; dad statement is inadmissible evidence
Can't wait to join you guys! xoxo
The Subcreative ELITE!
#OnMyWishlist is sailing in the BVIs
TRR's Guest Bloggers for the month: While Giants Sleep. You have got to check these guys out!!!
I've been constantly jizzing for the past 3 hours..
I thought you were busy:o
come through tomorrow yoooo Gaby and Fanelli are coming!
Why in the hell was #topchef Texas moved to Canada?!..Don't mess with Texas!
yes! They are awesome! Now, how to change MINE? Have plans for 2012...time will tell...Thanks for the ideas!
I love listening to you sing!
hApPy VaLeNtInEs DaY !!!!!!
go with it girl. Uchicago will still be here when you get back and so will I.
Congrats to for coming out! Honey, I am proud of you. Live as who you are! Be yourself. We love you!
RIP Adam Yauch
I hate that. Today's lunch yoga class was the only thing that got me through the day....so stressed
I love you and :)
CODY! WILL YOU PLEASE tweet me since i am missing your show tonight? it would mean so much to me... :)
she done had enough shame already n deh cyan stop talk bout it
Today has been crazy busy, and I just got called into work. Looks like I won't be seeing Say Anything tonight. :(
~*wild friday night on the internet*~
This is perfect for those of you who wish to stay in Israel following an event or course
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :)
A woman can have as many as 20 orgasms in an hour using a vibrator.
New Mixtape "The Seed" Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can just be a real bitch. I feel bad when I don't believe someone when they were being honest. I love you babyy, i'm so sorry.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Like this-"We're trying 2 do smthing completely different, not bcuz it's different, but bcuz we're looking 4 different outcomes"
Preparing for an group overview with my travel buddies. Getting more travel with less stress. Come see tonight 7pm, Quality Inn, Cahill Main
Great Monday... sorry to see the sun go away!
It's official: On 7/28, we are opening our doors as the Baltimore Food Co-op! 2800 Sisson St. 9AM, come and be the first to shop!
Who is ready for some new FAB babies!
let me cook 4 u 4 a week n teach u some healthy but still calorically and protein rich recipes n u can watch me starve lol
That is seriously one of the happiest stories I've heard
The CATHOLIC CHURCH just doesn't want PAUL RYAN to carry the PEOPLE and the NATION to HELL with him. PAUL RYAN, YOU HAVE SIN BIG TIME!
Thanks for the follow. I am so impressed. Never met a diamond cutter before.
I'm in the same boat re sports + no cable. I head to a local bar, but that's tough on a Bears fan in WI.
#Tipsy #teamtipsy we #4 on the hot #8 at #8 S/O to ding ding ding from and
Awesome accelerated program. Get it, get out. Time for a life where I can spend my weekends on things I enjoy.
##Str8LykeDes... What did you expect..?
So today I'm gonna tweet random crazy thoughts like the First Lady looks hot striking the Heisman Pose with the Dallas Cowboys
yea... Im not gonna be able to get my ride fixed tho. so yall gonna have to find a way
..really? Keep that denial when the tables are turned, coward!
spoiler alert: we're all gonna die
EyeSeeVideo.com for a limited time the service has been discounted to 6.95 entry level. This product will change remote view monitoring.
Birds eye. I gotta clear view. You can't see me but I can see you
Haha well naturally yes
thanks so much! :)
hey girl
Three days left to get your Jack's Mannequin tickets!
Get out do something.....
it was. I'm w shelia. She's still looking for a good chicken place.
Ovi making me look good, just called him the best athlete playing any sport in the world right now on Melbourne sports radio
Dear Math and Biology, I refuse to be defeated by you and your concepts! I will end up triumphant in our battles! oh, ditto for you Spanish!
Gyourko, we are missing the #supply side. Too many goods, how can you get rid of excess housing.
That was it
so this is the be4, but how bout the after pic?
I think you should just give into the power of "augmented reality." You'll be like Darth Vader.
is learning all about Twitter for her History in the Digital Age class!
i don't think he can do it.
ha, you're down the street from where I work.
it has more than pandora, but you have to set the recommendation slider to obscure or it will rec more popular things
whens the show? wanna meet up sat or sun and play a song for our lense somewhere? logan monument or...?
Thanks for following Jonathan
Why did we pass #altmintax if people can avoid it? Do we need an alt alt min tax?
Grr. Missed the demo day!
If #footlocker, #champs or the #nike store aren't having sales tonight then you won't see me out at a storre tonight.
For the sake of your future in Boston, Adrian, get a hit.
Delay is not denial.
tried working on my math review. fell asleep on my first problem. lovely.
wait but both of them were? O.0
have you hugged a bear lately? Stop by our page and tell us about your best bear story www.facebook.com/mamabearsplace
"Break a leg" to all of our Showcase performers this evening! We are excited to see you launch into the professional world of #acting!
yeah I live millions of miles away.. :/
thank God we have a gas stove/oven. I am starving!
And don't forget rude and controlling
follow me
Merchant interviewing Mayweather cracks me up.
Haley:Dear College, cheese makes me gassy, see you in Sept. Cam:How'd she know I'm gay? Mitchell:Maybe b/c you ordered a drink a doodle do.
Is that seriously 50 Cent and Beiber w Mayweather??
Predicting will have more followers than by the end of the night...
Does anyone actually believe mopping does anything?
I can't wait to see this eve at the Beacon! Woohoo. True thing people.
but if not owned one's words can be twisted
#20ThingsAboutMe; 11. I'm generally nice until you start to dislike me for no reason.
when are you coming to cincinnati?
luv my new pics : ) can't post b/c they're magazine quality!!!
you should see me... It's not good
Don't wanna work, rather sit at home and watch the #brewers game!!! Go Brew Crew!!! :-)
Forgiveness doesn't change yesterday but it does enlarge tomorrow.. let go, forgive, walk and act with love..!
Im the outsider of the InCrowd
it was every time I came to the Spanish room and you guys were in there. Haha
Nothing will be the same, so what's the point in pressing on?
Why don't u hack their phones & find out? “: Have the Navy SEAL Team 6 heroes who killed Bin Laden now been killed themselves?”
Hurry up and finish so we can hear them.
: RT Peter Mayhew on Twitter? Thanks for the tip! I met him several times over the years. He's a gentle giant in the soul.
*correction* a man on ur team.
Went through hell and back for you tonight.
Monday night I'm going to the Parker Quartet. Want to meet up after the concert for a glass of vino?
The Awkward moment when everyone gets the joke except you.
I rather HAVE a UGLY BITCH dat TAKE dick instead of a SEXY BITCH dat can't even TAKE dick!")
well these were some drama boys so that makes sense haha
Why the fuck it loks like a bunch of feathers put on her head. It loks cool but at the same time she looks like a fool RT
Learning new things about life, and yourself everyday is the best way to be. You become a better person that way :)
gotta love Dave
oh well i didnt see it and if you look at his page hes fighting off haters too.
So excited to watch take Heritage to PTown tomorrow.
Can't wait to win his "I hate t-shirt.
These girls out here must not think they're valuable giving out their treasure like it's nothing shit is sad to me
I'm looking for a service to weed my garden, plant my tomatoes, and cut the grass
follow me wheres_mykie
Stop. Close you eyes. Remember your favorite game as a child.
"Can we buy girls insted of slurpies?" M I want those sexy baseball players so bad! With
Tune in to hear more songs and questions live with Jon Herrington of #grammy award winning
looking for a Director of Technology - Interactive, NYC
Put a hump in your back & shake your rump...it's the middle of the week, HUMP day baby”””
#awkwardmoment when you're best friend becomes a total stranger
IS JUSTIN IN LONDON?!?
Experimenting is gud but not with orange color
you'll like Scandal too
Spiced cider & Spanish coffees while the fire is on?! YES please!! Come down to the LR and relax!!
it should be fun, keep us posted
Happy 12th, Google!
imo Handling and torque fun for driving around. I can keep up with bf til about 115 then he looses me lol. For track not top
