Jamie Lee Curtis!?
Lighting fools up in BF3 TDM! Loving the game but Operation Metro should be renamed Operation Spawn Camp :)
Have a good night, Rachel. Here's an early #FF for ya too. :-)
Thanks for RT Sharon.
I'm still gonna write books one day... #ThatWoodsArapper & #WeAllPhilosophersThereIsNoTruth is gonna be ready max by 2015...
Is it rude that I told my roommate to not fall asleep on the couch cause he has mono? It is my couch
My legs hurt wtf
He isn't hanging out with me. That's what's wrong.
I love putting on a winter coat for the 1st time and finding your favorite gloves you thought you'd lost...and a grocery list from February.
I see you
if KSHB is looking, I've got an old left shoe that does better sports commentary each night than Jack Harry...
Well this bottle of ciroc isnt going to drink itself 2 shots down who knows how much more
Get up. Love is moving you now.
good my friend Laura wants to know how old r u??😖
we should do something epic when ur guys are here! i dunno what but it needs to be epic!
Your timeline is cool.
seriously though, p-no was on a serious role today.
Jerm, Gustavo and John are tattooing, come get inked at good old Laughing Buddha!
love to help you get hard!!
I have a problem w/dudes who are half naked in their profile pics on social media...not everyone wants to see that,especially myself..no no
If you find there are a lot of obstacles in your life
First thursday , it's stokesberry hot wings! Ill have them ready at 3pm. if you are new, they are free if you mention this tweet!
I would rather have a sister than a brother :P
Glad you found it as interesting as we did! Thanks for the retweet
Cool idea, thanks for sharing... I may try that...
My brightness always on extra low.
No friends at work :( come here!!
Oh shit I gotta go to sleep ! Ya me regañarón -> wake me up !
oh yeah... jef is your guy. hands down
Thanks Cadace, and you also
He didn't mention anything new to me.
I wish I was a little bit taller,i wish I was a baller,i wish I had a girl who looked good I wuld call er*
Beanie just did a classic Michael Jackson moonwalk on stage. Nice!
I bet when rayray got on twitter he followed twilight first lmao.. Prodigy followed chrisbrown Lol
I don't know when the Windows registry became an issue on OS X, but I feel I should apologize sincerely to Macphiles everywhere.
NOT what Jesus would Do.
I can't see her tweets either
wish you very happy diwali. all of my freinds,,,,,,
Okay THANK GOD!!!!
y'all are welcome to our place for an impromptu Derby party right now if you feel like a Julep
Good cause last night you was trippppinnnnn
i love Meryl but I wish Viola Davis could have won
Thanks for all your support!
Shawty got potential
Forget this best of the west & east ish! There is simply the best and #SportingKC is that...the Fing Best!
Enjoy this sunny Easter weekend, see you all back in the FIDI on Monday.
Restart date for nuclear plant #SanOnofre remains uncertain. How much will this cost Southern California Edison ratepayers?
Heard the Pumps got dropped from Adidas....
Larkin is def a HOF'r. The man changed the ss position, offensively. Can't argue 5 tools.
aaaahh congrats Allison! That's amazing!
Can't figure out why zotero isn't working. Shouldn't be any different if I login at work or home, right?Says there is nothing in my library.
I wish it was summer so I can be happy And Go crazy
enjoyed being interviewed by ...great questions ! thx tyler malone !
if u thnk im gud looking follow me
thanks! I'll check it out...
What a grand day today but I am beeattttt. Tomorrow my sister signs her life away to Illinois...guess I'll start the crying now.
I feel guilty for not watching any games tonight lol ...but I still feel salty for losing that Celtics bet
anyone else love the shaytards?
Please bring back the Momogoose to the Greenway!!
Thanks, dude. We should make t-shirts to celebrate!
Have to get into something or somebody tonight!!!!!!!!!
Depends on the goals- if the goal is only awareness or increase in knowledge-yes? If engagement, perhaps yes or no
It should be noted that I just bought the Royal Wedding on DVD.
I think im more excited about the fact I finally get too shave rather than im done with school
ya think
Real or fake
glad I'm not in the majority of dumb boys haha
So in ColdFusion, there are tags, but there are also functions...and objects? How does any of this mesh together?
stay with the people on twitter ! we love yall so dont worry about people in school!
# Follow Friday resume
My performance today <<
do you get nervous when you act? post "yes" here if you want tips on combating your nerves! and share your stories!
Break in penalty phase for Sophia Downing, victim delayed but expected to testify this afternoon. Will the judge decide a sentence?
Hey! A kid after my own heart! :D
Futbol beat down of Biblical proportions this am at ManU
"Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy , It gets you pussy ;)" oh & is that why you never get girls?
what phn u looking for? I got people at the best buy mobile stores.
book studio time NOOOOOOWWWWW!!!!
Awesome Lead Web App Developer FT role in Houston, TX. Now's your chance to show how well you can lead a team. RT
a brief set at the stage at Clive Bar
After today's metro trips, I love your marketing strategy!
Watching Love Jones remembering when intellect and unity in the Black community meant something
Cause I can't stand to see you treated bad.
hello! how am i able to purchase your products?
TWO likes left until we hit a 1000 likes! Share this with your friends and lets get over this threshold tonight!
Bench Player Sports' State of the Union. www.benchplayersports.com
Yes, please. RT : More 30 for 30? Yes please...
loved you tonight, Maks. And I'm glad you'll never change, because you're wonderful just the way you are =)
if you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because a heart can break but a circle goes on forever <3
We're giving away a pair of passes to the all-day Regal Marvel Movie Event in 20 minutes. See 5 Marvel movies including The Avengers 3D!
Man nothin bout to get back in the lab my dude.
#NW myth busters
Press play. Apply filters. Engage beat repeat. Win a Grammy.
Engage your kids in imagination & fun with storytelling and learning today from 9:30-10:15 for FREE at the Balloon Museum.
Say YES! to your full potential....Ok! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Poof to non-followers, I follow .. you follow..luv ya
#NYT: GOP transportation bill "has unraveled like a cheap sweater, with conservatives and liberals pulling equally hard on its threads."
RT : In life, what are you after?: A shot at the title or a seat by the band?
The Spring menu is out at all 6 locations!! Have you tried any new items? If not OMG French Toast MUST be on the list to try.
awesome. I just bought the first pack. Will buy more for sure.
just helped H to submit a caption for the New Yorker caption contest.
Top Alcohol Dragster driver Brandon Lewis has announced the signing of TigerFlow Systems as the team’s primary sponsor for the 2009 season
this customer is a total bia. -_-
Lol it was! “ that sound too good!”
Thanks for caring about life!
Bumble bee lady of Hull, Jean, is 90 today! Happy birthday!
Dear Ladies, don't ever let a guy make you feel ugly because no matter what, you're beautiful with or without him...
Never snake yo Friend >
I was just a victim of eye rape.. Smh
Super duper congrats.
Seriously when I get older I'm gonna be a fat ass because of how much I eat...
I'm addicted to Aero!!!
cat babies are better than real babies.
lol but the goal is to make her jealous
we heard a shooting in pittsburgh last night. cops were running like crazy towards it we were so close to it.
Proud of my little girl for standing up to the bully at her daycare center, but told her we don't say mean things or hit in return, we go
Boehner bill needs 5 votes to pass with 5 minutes left. This is almost as exciting as watching a game of Keno.
Can't believe I have to listen to Chris Collinsworth all night..
I also forgot about
My line in the sand is getting the publication wrong. "This would be great for Politico" is a bad way to pitch The Hill.
I hate spending that kind of cash on something that doesn't do anything cool.
Honey pots are your friends...
i wish could talk about the nfl without getting a
agreed we've been planning around this for a while. just nothing specific to announce now
Happy Valentine's Day to all my followers! Have a great day.
by the way, thank you SO MUCH for the wonderful gifts! :)
Thanks so much for the RT. Love what they're doing with the Clock Shadow concept.
I am kind of scared of the AP World Exam...
#yellowcardisback. and I am beyond stoked.
I'm at work chillin
The standard for behavior change is once a week meetings...yes? no?
odd future is NOT coming to Saint Louis!
So far, haven't seen any roofs torn off buildings, but there's massive flooding.
My thoughts exactly
In other shocking news the sky is still blue and the grass is still green.
No I'm not OK I'll never be OK
We're almost to the last day of classes then finals then Commencement 2012!
Decosta: Only had 3 guys left on top 150 draft board. Called it a funny draft. Normally have 25 guys left that they can contact after draft
Current MS. PAC MAN HI SCORE is 106,930. Folks, there is a $20 gift certificate at stake here. Beat the score by the end of April to win!
You are the most beautiful girl EVER. Words can't describe. The way you feel about Eminem is the way I feel for you<3
Thank you Jerome Tilgman tomorrow Wed. On BORDER
party for mama d's birthday :o)
Off to Dennys!
I'm at a strange follower/following ratio, so if i don't follow you back right away, don't get upset...I'll catch up!
I like to imagine that, somewhere in Narnia, a teenage fox is listening to Crass records and telling his parents that Aslan doesn't exist.
Sorry to hear that. It would have been nice to meet you there in ND.
Guess ill watch this other game til the crew gets back
Thx for the RT, Joan for Cute new profile shot of you.
I was gone for a min, but I'm back now!!!!!! If u don't know, u BETTA ask somebody.... #TEAMDEONTE is the next big thang poppin!!!! Eyeahhh
ur phone is here at our crib. Tom will be home in a bit
That's awesome! #GoKnicks!
Furious...just furious
You never know with this team, but Lakers *should* be fine. Inside beats jumpers every time, especially at home.
PLEEAASEE GO ON TWIT CAM.!
So 20 years from now, can we look for an exposé in Vanity Fair about this doomed relationship written by David Maraniss?
& i was crosstown
Billy Wilder~ Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." ~David Brinkley
Getting back on-line. Between Twitter and Vista, I've been 'hosed' for a week! So now I'm trying Windows 7 . So far, so good...
Listening to Blanche Wiesen Cook on Eleanor Roosevelt and politics today
Keep tweets short so others can RT easily
I woke up this morning to a huge picture of U eating something small and "green?" which means I fell asleep laughing about it
Always looking so far past me.
yeah, i like you. alot. no, i'm not going to tell you.
when do you think you'll hear back from Guinness on if Ray broke the record? He has to be exhausted this morning!!
I'll try to be clear. She linked to a page that had an art/photo.By pressing & holding to enlarge, I got what I sent you..":
Favorite day! Rangers are playing and all of my friends are coming over to party for the best holiday woohoo!!
Fuck Love not Lust.
Brian has given Robbie his hoodie and has been rehired. He has agreed to be put into vocational rehab for his behavior . :P
America's debt is a menace because the rich are told that it is okay to make their club an exclusive one by selfish/unpatriotic politicians!
#youknowyoughetto when u borrow a cup of sugar from ur neighbor to finish makin KoolAid
hipsters near me at larchmont: "i miss silverlake! when are we going back?" ... sigh
#RyanAndDayyonLivestream shout out to jessica from chicago!!! :)
The sun.
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
Doctors think maybe I need to eat food without gluten. That means no dark beer! FUCK!
#3 followers away from getting to #500 followers!!!
You are welcome. I have become enthralled with your characters and plots.
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats (ailurophobia), and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
I'm sure she will get a record deal tho
Wow thought had all of that one, looked so good.
everytime i get closeto talking to someone new i end up thinking about him and wondering what could be. one of the million reasons im single
Best Pavement album.
": back seat of the whip? " wit back seata lol
We tend to think that when life brings us pain; something is wrong and when life brings us joy; something is about to go wrong. Life just is
Phone test
#FalseAdvertisingatUniversalStudios #BluRayDvdandDigitalCopy but u open the product & it's limited time to download it.
Gta taste for some chicken n broccoli w' white rice
We could be talking showers, graduations, baptisms, 2nd marriages... We'll never see him again.
when do gates open at MillerPark today? #brewers is it 2 hours or 90 minutes?
RT "What are ducks if not flood-proof chickens?" - Chickens can't float?
4HRs tonight against Mighty Tom. I take over
Nights like tonight, where I walk away from a show with my cheeks sore from smiling so much, are kind of my fav! Thanks ! <3
if i ever met Austin or Justin imma be like " waddup nigga" at least ill try to if i don't faint .
Has it got religious tones?
is confused...
I hope you are right!
People with diabetes need to diligently manage it. Diabetes can be a major cause of eye problems if it isn't kept in check.
Doing some research for an article I'm writing........Best name in the NFL has to be #Packers WR Shaky Smithson.
Developmentally Appropriate Skills | Skillastics
I still prefer my P90X or Insanity.
awesome! I used to ride it to and from work sometimes lol!
so true... they become the front like the ho media social ha haha lol... where can ever find an ASIAN blonde chick?
Shout out to Michelle T. who I had a GREAT chat with this a.m. She is awesome!
"The fellow who thinks he knows it all is especially annoying to those of us who do." Harold Coffin
Instgram I will follow back, mzviciouz
can't open the screen door.....
Drop everything now.. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.<3
I'm good bro just tryna get back on my feet.
Agree. JJ has to stay healthy and HRam has to have a 2009-type year. If so, all will be well.
Upcoming filming locations #TwitterMovie Seattle - Los Angeles - Las Vegas - Salt Lake City Watch for announcements www.rileysfortune.com
I'm glad I don't know how to post as #cildc Oh wait, did I just share a secret?
Hahaha RT : Praying for World Peace has a whole new meaning now... smh
The 100 Days are '33. SS passed in '35. 2nd term was court-packing & misguided, austerity-induced '37 "Roosevelt recession."
My ulcer can't take games like that...
34 u need beef dlinemen- ur DT needs to have a ton of strength and good bsh 43 u want speed rush DEs
you're welcome billy! We love your mom! <3 she's like ours(:
the animal! Lol
Happy Monday! Have a positive day!
I wonder where all my fucks to give went. I can't seem to find them, maybe i'll never find them. Oh well thooo!
I love the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles but that shirt is most definitely not baller.
can't wait for Billboard Music Awards!!! =) Only 1 hr left! Good luck and I support you all the way #TrueFan <3
Ditto. RT Wishing #wdytya was on here right now. Sounds good from all the tweets.
More rec'd to follow
that's for damn sure lol
what show are you going to?
It was more of a playful smack. And who can blame him for being upset? I would be mad too if a complete stranger tried to kiss me like that!
I know. Well there is one at end of June.. Vet outreach tourn @ midvale..Try and get a 4 together.
RT : Absurdism is next is Concerning by DJ Clark
My mind is a mess
it's a Verizon MiFi 4G.
Carrie Fisher has a new Rachelle Briton coat!! So excited!!
...did you use to be AlexsSwag?(:
thanks for the tweet! :) (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
Mike Posner's advice on & hosting the YDS..."Be persistent" ;)
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but a tweet about is cigar may be a cry for help.
Well, maybe impotent wasn't exactly the right word, but it was pretty close.
#BetterHalftimeShows MIKE JONES! Who? MIKE JONES!
That wasn't hail that was with a bat to that mailbox
Oh, right, last year didn't happen. Regression. Career ERA = Brewers ERA. Also, ERA sucks.
I need a new local college team to obsess over now that my fave coach in the Bay is leaving USF. St. Mary's? Stanford? Davis?
wait didnt ozzy do that back in the day?????
you so dumb, i got to go cause my dad took my phone and my brothers are feenin to go on the computer! ttyl :) <3 Bray :P
I'll kiss your scars, I'll make everything better.
My new name is Nathanimal. Grr baby
That 2Pac hologram was cool/creepy/weird/unexpected.
First game of the night: Story. Rapid-fire, multi-person storytelling action. Winner gets 10 pts and possession of first half.
You always know how to put me in a bad mood
Kennicott: We’re becoming a hybridic society. In 15-20yrs, are #culturalmuseums going to be adaptable enough to carry that identity forward?
that's awesome, but I just don't function correctly that early :))) shit I would need lots of coffee.
Sounds good. I'm enjoying your channel and helping spread the word.
you finna be wide awake like a m'fuckin crack head lol
I bet he will
o brother where art thou!(:
you have my number nigga, lol .
1 point delayed part of my life but I ain't trippin at all
Just one more week until episode 2 of Super Duper is released.
a run, a couple of trips to the beach and a pony ride for Blue balanced things out. :)
a case with an angle really is indispensable for ipad typing
Thursday, March 15: Europa League round of 16, 2nd leg, 1.00pm Athletic Bilbao v Manchester United 3.05pm Manchester City v Sporting Lisbon
Well look who's dying now
Omaha steaks came early for Father's Day! Can't wait to fire up the grill!!!
I know you want to put me on!!!
;-) I concur. RT : Trying Greek low fat strawberry yogurt(from Ingles) for 1st time. Verdict? YUM! Cc:
you should start thinking about how your gonna keep your 2011-2012 NBA Championship ring safe! #fearthedeer!!!!
In other news I spotted a Pileated Woodpecker this morning wailing away on the bark of a tall oak. Simply beautiful.
It's a great time to be alive! You can take the good old days if that's what u like, but give me today for sure!
"Engagement marketing makes ur #smallbiz visible in a seamless manner" @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
I'm watching Kick-Ass this movie violent ass hell. Lmao
Haha yea,sweet kid. Thanks:)
And 3, 2, 1....down pour. I've never seen times sq empty so fast. Run little tourists!
Agent News from Pub Lunch: Danielle Chiotti, formerly a senior editor at Kensington, has joined Firebrand Literary along with Stacia Decker
"I'll take a Benedict Arnold" - Meant to say Arnold Palmer
lol I saw that early and that is exactly what I thought!
no judgment. Can you imagine what that would look like if I tried it?!
oh Justin what u do to us! ;)
that's weird
Liking Syracuse in the second half
Well it's gonna be even sicker, cause I'm coming.
Drew did you see tweet on Lee?
Still in awe of last nights performance. I left an even bigger fan than what I came...What an amazing, amazing musician.
“: workouts are fun! :P lol”// it's not even noon put the pipe down!!
happy new year <3
wow! Why can't we do it in America?
Got my card reader, and *still* haven't set it up. Really need to do that this week.
It will be limited seating 11-2 as we work to perfect it, so if you'd like to get in just Direct Message us tweeps!
yes please!
Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anybody Who Visited GeoHot Site. www.tncnews.com
OC reunion show?... I think so! Best show ever made!!
Road trippin with my two favorite allies...let's go get lost right here in the USA...these smilin eyes r just a mirror for the sun :) - rhcp
Body heat is a mofo. Forgot how hot you can get being laid up.
omg love howard shore. i know some of you dont know him but search up his score for hugo....... NOW. do it. you know you want to.
As much as I love photography, I'm having fun playing hairdresser. I'll Instagram pix in the morning. :)
Watching Ghost.
just woke up, might aswell go back to sleep !
It's Bizarro Day in the NFL. Pakcers Lose to the Chiefs. Indianapolis beats Tennessee.
AND the RADAR NYC event benefits our amazing FREE Writer's Retreat!
i want too but thats hella expensive lol but part of me wants to splurge cause how often do i get to see pro-bball players?
William lookin a little drowsy!
I'm thinking about my friends today. It's going to be great. Make it happen!
Beautiful sunny day, clean shiny car, sunroof open, blasting Childish Gambino. Can't wait for his concert next month
I need a designated driver..... Any volunteers? #imabouttogetwasted!
Yea boss im in the video.. but that's not my music.. although im distributing it i just recorded it
And then we even got to hang out at dinner! Yay! RT : Just ran into in the hotel lobby. how exciting is that!
happy belated to u too Meiss! Sorry I got so hyped up I used the N word like 60 times just now on the phone with you. ;)
LOL I should have known it was when you said 'terrible book'! Lucky you - there are 4 of them to horrify! :)
#Ghettocrayoncolors Oreo black and white
Hey bro! Yeah man I'm doing good. I miss being on the road with you guys!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.-- Mark Twain
hi. you're the goddess of all goddesses. x o.
On the plus side, about half of these ebooks are already in the catalog, I just need to figure out which half.
As with every game. RT A Louisville-Kentucky game really would be a no-win situation for Cal. He has to win that game...
Friendship isn't about whom you've know the longest. It's about who came and never left your side.
Daniel Bryan & Lord Tensai get the jobber entrances? LOL.
"The joy & self-satisfaction you get from putting in all your efforts make every journey a success." --D. Fox,Olympic gld mdlist swimmer '95
welcome!! Hope you enjoy it :) we always do it!
how did the touch Up Go on ur tatt?
oh I see. Well I'll let you know when I can swing by :) I think we're long over due for a sleepover n catching up
Was a very good time - tell you more soon
"Ain't no shame in my game I'll do it wit my tongue" YG
The Ramiro & Pebbles show hasnt been funny since I was in 6th grade...Im a junior in college now
October/Atlanta, Yes.
I'm sorry bro. I'll stop having fun.
#LeapDay - today women propose to men! Irish legend says man who refuses a woman's proposal must apologize by buying her 12 pairs of gloves!
did i read correctly a few days back about a #ku watch? any specifics? needa jump on that.
Aw damn me too :( it'll be fun for you though! When I'm in Cali we'll still be only a state away lol
Do you have a Wikipedia page? I like the YouTube vids but I have no idea what the context is or who you are! Ha
Today: Did laundry. Had a nice brunch with Did holiday shopping online. Going out for pizza. Awesome day!
done with being alone.
Aaayyyeee lol RT : dark skin pretty face,coke bottle waist
Can you feel this magic in the air<3
Jus found out my homie is locked up ova his bby momma and her drama....
Yes please! :)
May the Fourth be with you!
RT “What does the resignation of OPD Chief Anthony Batts mean for Oakland?" True leaders can't be micromanaged
I hate when ppl hit u up just bcuz they c u in ur TL like u wasn't been thinking abt hittin me up
Thank you everyone for attending this past weekend's MTTS lecture featuring Ron Wilcox! The podcast will be available in the upcoming week!
What does everyone think of the current season of ? What do you like and don't like? What would you change? @ reply comments
hey meron can you do it today?
Aww... SUPER THANKS!
I LOVE THAT GREEN!!!
Waking up before your alarm <<<<<<
She even sings it in the shower smh
I'll go on the record now - no way Eli Manning is a better SNL host than Peyton.
yes it would. It WILL happen soon. Bro you and mcdonalds haha
excuse me while I cry
Success is never easy
Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me
hahahahahahahha whatever,steven!!!! text me! lolz
Hey wake up
Vegas trip in August = booked!
We falcon fans
thank you :P
looking hot on the catwalk...
Same! There's the reason it's called the dreadmill! I know it should be easier but for me it's not!
that's what I'm saying bro...
OK, throwing stuff in a bag again after a night in the San Antonio apartment. Austin all weekend.
The reason I cant follow now is cuz this phone is so SLOW... Oh My Grande xx
Thanks for listening! Love that Coolidge quote :-)
What's the weather like where u at?
Thank you!
Over and out.
If you gots pictures from gramercy throw them up here!
is a loser!
I love Nicholas Jonas <3
Crap it's 3AM. 0_o. *beauty sleep*
I know, right? I always seem to find this movie...
I'm starting to think this whole online dating thing is a garde to seperate me from my money every time I go out on a date.
hey gurl follow back
shoutout to and and and go follow us nice tweets auto follow bck
Timeline full of talk about Carmelo and Easter
votes are 4 to 0 in favor of maintaining affirmative action in Brazilian universities (so far)!
great to see a dad doing app reviews! Keep it up :)
Jeff Van Gundy and Chris Collinsworth should commentate on #WNBA games so we never have to hear their commentary again
Goodnite twitter God bless!!
Watching the replay of the national championship can't wait to see in it next year
I haven't heard back from Stacy or Jay yet...
Michael Allen's CCAF method for Content Development: Context, Challenge, Activity, & Feedback.
Great to Chat with you tonite CK!! :
Final cuts to the Afrunique Runway show...difficult ...72 models...20 needed.....HELP TYRA!!!
Girl you got to change your crazy ways
Twitter mentions/interactions >> Facebook notifications
refresh the page.
I need to get my butt up and out there!
Best of luck with the rest of finals!
:: Thank you, for the great ride-along this morning. See it next Wednesday on
Watch Suisham for the #Steelers. Can't make a FG beyond 40, forget 50.
Yes, M/W at 2 PM. Are you still lurking around campus? Come say hi & plug Obscura! Carman 313.
#HOLYTALETO is going to be trending worldwide anytime soon lol
Happy Birthday Mother Monster , happy birthday to you,happy birthday to you,happy birthday lady gaga,happy birthday to you ♥♥
I learned so much from you and Dan, I really did. Thank you!
i love how can tweet absolutely anything and still get 100+ retweets :)
My bracket is officially done.... Thanks duke, michigan, and missouri...
Happy Easter & Passover to all. :)
Your cheatin' heart will make you weep
Hey I'm bored lol #Twitteback,
Impressive! Keep it up :)
Ticketmaster Opens Seattle Software Development Office
Most dreaded words of #wifilmfest: 'Exit out the back, please.'
This heart that ive followed has left me so hollow.
Lets go to the beach RT : I need a vacation☀🌴👙🏊
I've been to the range before but never played a course. Soon as I get my skills up on this simulator its on
Is bitchez really beef'n on twitter I thought they stopped that on facebook
Every Thursday I'm on zombie mode...morning people. :-|
I would love some enchiladas today....
On this day of nationwide fatassery, I am thankful for my high functioning metabolism.
Possibly! I'm really open to anything at this point. A library job would be fun, but they're hard to get around here.
I really hope follow me im so in love with him he so cut im jammin to his song kiesha right now 😍😘🎧
I would to thank David Sanborn for his live "Straight to the Heart" album and powering me thru at work 2night. A fave of mine since 1986.
Hi Brian! Can you please DM an email or phone number and I will have someone contact you about biz services.
The seller has like 40+ sets of them or something. They're still available.
we might stop by for your wine tasting tonight
Email us at to jump on this huge profit streak!
are either of u going to either shareholders meeting or training camp??
I'm glad you guys made it home safely in one piece tho
hey Arnold is on....this show is funny...."Move it football head"
Hello! #Oprahslifeclass mates
I don't think they want to leave the swamp :)
Tell'em Jeff!
do you wear special underwear ?
How do you think Dan Aykroyd feels today about his role in 'Crossroads'?
Just this once, can someone turn off the moon!?
Thanks for the props!
Forgot that #Parenthood was on last night...thank you dvr for recording!!
They put cocktail bars on the Appalacian trail? Hm, I might be interested now.
Happy Early Birthday!!!! Love yoouuu :D
Y'know what soundtrack goes great with painting and home improvements? Tron Legacy. Daft Punk, man. They're awesome.
When a girl starts to ignore you, that means they are really hurt.
I'm going to be super busy tomorrow, so I'll probably buy it when I get off work, sleep, and then delete the one already in my iTunes.
Want a jeans everyday type of atmosphere? Look to internships/sr. positions at !
sounds like a grand ole time...
A lot better than 's looks and sounds.
right now the only thing i want more than anything is for to FOLLOW me :'(
this one works!
Im from san antonio Tx :3 USA :) I like mexico :333
Gov. Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad. Was he ever bit n the a$$ by one of Bull Connors dogs while marching
I can't wait for 'Listen Up'!! You need to come to Long Island, it's my dream to meet you :)
Really excited about it! Focus on long tail wines + Wine Club for the Trade... cc
Brain boner- Something that strikes a chord in someone's thinking, creating a spur of "enlightenment" and stimulation.
Last exam complete!
Bud light platinum = not so bad.
Supporting #SuitedForSuccess: Sponsored in part by Southeast Overtown/Park West Community Redevelopment Agency
what up to the crew in Scottsdale...Always a good time doin it in the Park.
My Rangers are winning, the Heat lost, and the Red Sox are getting their butts kicked.
let's go, you've got it benji boy!
Looking forward to our walking tour this Friday on Tejon Street. Forecast is fun & sun!
My question for : what is the sound of a smile?
lol.. thats what I wanted to hear...
The International TECHstyle Art Biennial (ITAB) Opening Reception this Sunday, August 22 from 2-4pm ... We hope to see you there!
because maddie wasn't fighting with anyone claire started it and I'm trying to end it because maddie doesn't deserve this.
Jammin out to and the weekend rollout and the girl in the car next to me is doing the same!! <3
L-Carnitine, an ingredient that offers two important functions in energy production ...
Kyle Williams may want to hide in a hole somewhere far far away! YAY!
thank you good sir!
Habitat to open gallery at King's Road store Habitat is to house an exhibition space at its King’s Road, London store.
I'm intrigued. Let me look at our calendar
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3
Apparently I have REALLY soft hands, I never knew that xD
I will never be a body double but I will always highly enjoy reading casting notices for body doubles
remember from the winter classic when he did that
Where in Federalist Papers did the founders/architects of liberty set out citizen duty to pay everyone else's doctor bills?
Can't wait till the new episode of Kourtney & Kim Take New York!
I don't have a care in the world right now.
Also reminded how, by and large, if a Chekhov scene feels truthful it's funny and is played funny it's not funny.
what's up?
Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torment of man.
Yay!!! Can't wait to get it :D
u gotta luv that all this 50 Shades stuff is quite entertaining on a certain level.
spring can come
Where did Raven Symone make the Announcement?
My eyes are always greener after a good cry. Guess its the human version of a rainbow after a storm.
": haha, had it 4 like a year and some change, kept it quiet tho didn't want the follower counter to break due 2 me havin so many"
Yep! So excited for tonight. Def crossing my fingers for Juliet.
Oh, that stinks! So sorry!
When thousands of people start to follow me... my Tweets are going to be inspired by His tweets crack me up.
Thanks for the folow!
LA layover on my way to NOLA
Covered this kind of Coors game many times -- pre-humidor, of course. But it shows just how big the place is. 29 hits, only 2 HR thru 6 IP.
I got that joint homie thanks a million bruda tell lamont to pay u thru his cut of this nutrition money
bed time, tired as hell
The Library Foundation of Los Angeles is an organization that raises funds to support the Los Angeles Public Library.
RT RT : Want to help out w/ 's #entrepreneur event on Thurs? They need a volunteer! Hit up
Another day of band practice. This new set is gonna sound ridiculous. I can't fucking wait!
“: Add my NCREDIBLE logo from my icon to yours and I will follow you. Join #TheNCREDIBLES” - Donee!
I get it. You lose money on each click but you make it up in volume.
make someones dream come true. follow me :)
Today in Blues History: Delta blues, country blues, folk guitarist/singer Mississippi John Hurt died Nov 2, 1966, in Grenada, Miss
My foots itchy
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us to all of you!
Possible food poisoning. Not goose. Especially since I work 4-9 tomorrow :/
Get your motor runnin'. Head out on the highway.
It's raining and I'm home.
Attending Social Media Tactics at #Opp12 Great Talk!
What Jeter interview?
After almost an hour at the doctor's office it looks like no What-a-burger for lunch :-( I guess Dee will never get to go there.
Can't stop thinking about how great tonight was.
cool... what was the learning curve like for him? Was there a lot of trial and error involved?
I feel similarly about composting in SF, it drives me crazy to travel and not be able to compost now.
R U calin me a quitr?
I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin on his inauguration as the new president of Russia.
Novel financial model for museum mobile apps: fundraising tool for inst advancement team?
did you find out tumblr? If not its truecolorsband.tumblr.com
Who's still in the desert? Let's rage!!
me to :/ im gonna bake myself some choclate cake
Good morning!
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler If I had Deruler (If I had you)
Me and listening closely to You should, too.
thanks, pal.
nigga they drink Qream out of my hands.
heading off for a hot (literally) bikram date with my favorite newlywed. here's hoping the transition back into it goes smoothly.
Fought til the end.
Chris Baker 80% of apps are being delivered through the #cloud and #saas. Even Private Cloud adoption is growing quickly
Should a healthy girl waste 3 hours on the phone trying to get an insurance company to pay for a mammogram screening? BLUE SHIELD = HELL
Just sold my car headed to my fav dealers tommarow.have to come new.SUPPER FLOSSY!
Watch the 2012 Future NBA champs start the playoffs with a win against the Mavs!
no sorry what was it?
Stay away from bootleg botox ladies tryna #Getfresh lol
Simple pleasures in life - Girl Scout cookies. Noshing on a Samoa and there's only 2 left. Next year can't come quick enough.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! We will be closed NEXT Monday for Queen's Birthday, please keep this in mind when ordering this week.
dang, hard times :(
google voice is an absolute necessity for me, and if it fucks up I'm fucked. good so far, though.
. As NewsHour did, when they balanced an interview with Mann/Ornstein with a talk with Tom Coburn.
Anyone have a used iPod Touch they'd like to sell? My daughters (8 & 10) are saving up $$ this summer to buy one-of course, for a good price
LMaO!! It was kinda funny.RT : God bless your ministry. RT Love_Reign I'm watching a movie w/ Trina as the lead actress....
Music can name the unnamable and communicate the unknown..... Leonard Bernstein
So glad to be home (y)
It's worth remembering that Amy Winehouse actually wrote her own songs, unlike so many other cardboard cutouts, cop-out fools.
Facebook’s ‘Listen’ Button Plays Artists on Spotify, Mog, Rdio and More
so what's poppin
Hey followers :) Dont be afraid to talk to me i write back to everyone :)
Watch out, , I'm teaching Brazilian music today.
RT If you love One Direction, Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or The Wanted #SaySomethin :D
Haha!! I know how ur pops be going off
well aint that a shame
Brasserie Du Vin tonight 7 to 9pm. Padilla/Ledward Violin Guitar Duo swings its way through the Great American Song Book.
He Called And Said "ILoveYou" &&' I Said "SorryButICantSayTheSame"
i enjoy reading your tweets..keep doin ya thang..!
Just found out Pandora has unlimited free listening now. Thanks !
Everyone check out our good friends at ! Amazing clothes and amazing people. Help out local Columbus fashion.
So it's not just North Carolina that still has a lot of explaining to do.
Bitter niglets hop off!!!!
Just finished WARM BODIES by Never thought I'd care about zombies so much. Really, truly, a fantastic book.
you can do it! how are you feeling! since you didn't go to the last party!
we just noticed we are 2.5 bottles of wine in. houston, we have a problem. or liftoff?
Did you wear yours today?
India & USA's #Cyberpact & New Open Source Platform To Access Government Data ow.ly/5IP44
Will you be as #surprised as #Esperanza if you win this week's phillyhunt? Remember the answer will be found on question at 12
RT if, like me, you woke up stuck on "Tarzan Boy" by Baltimora! Wait... no one? No one???
stfu! BOUT WHAT
Can't wait to drive to Nashville for the Alabama Shakes and Jack White concert! Definitely making a stop at too
Graduation is 3 weeks from today! Please go fast.
Some uni stuff to do today.
Let me answer you first with a question. What is your definition of branding?
Thank you Julio. I hope you like it! :) Is a little part of me
Flatstock 29 at in Austin is FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
great quote!
watch that mouth wifey! I care about your life
Guess all watchn players club
wait, they have such a thing??? *googles*
your welcome :)
lol oh you know you have to explain things to me (:
agreed. But I get college ID pics taken tomorrow. So im dressing up. sorry!
We're just Texas. Born and raised.
Big thanks to and Major Harris to coming out to our VIP HH. Today we find out if they can golf. #wvu .
aww man we should totally plan one dayy, would be sweet (y)
Hey SD crisp addicts! We will now be sold at Pomegranate Market in Sioux Falls! We are so happy to be a part of their healthy community!
#Raiders fans, who do you hate the most outside the AFC West?
iPhone 5�s voice-to-text feature auto-corrects Horny enough to bang your mom! to Sorry to hear about your mom! USELESS for Twitter
If I'm a store please hand whatever to me and not put it on the counter! #SoRude! Doesn't matter if it's money or a straw put it in my hand.
I didn't know I was! I must've left it on after doing an interview.
Lol yeah Thomas is a good pickup.
we gave you a shout out on our blog today! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Ugh we r gettin closer an closer :(
Due to the fall &winter releases of amazing games. I will no longer be able to function as a human being as sleep will surely be missed.
It just wont feel right.
Wish you can see you through my eyes ..
put your hearts up and click my follow button, sorry Ari, I never give up! ;) makes me happy;D xoxo luv u<3
Just got another "driving behind you and been needing Scentsy cell call!! Thank you car decal!!
drives me crazy when they do that
idek how to do it tho so
Kyle Williams?
Aye GURL I wanna give you a round of applause. You deserve a standing ovation cause you got me falling in love w/ the things you do baby!
lick jays face
Now I'm sitting here crying at home I never been written up before its not fair I did nothing all I said is to stop
RT MFG award winner Woody Allen honored with an Oscar for Midnight in Paris. #oscars // Yes, we're glad!
lolz, amen to that! :)
LMFAO LOL SHE'S SO DUMB
I got to tell u a secrete I LOVE U!So easy to say on a text but not in person.:T anyways I need to tell ya something I like T------oh gosh
The chlorine in this hotel is INTENSE!
May 20, 2-4 pm, Alexandria Symphony Orchestra presents Children’s Arts Festival, “Cosmic Quest,” at T.C. Williams.
Hello sir :)
brain sweet brain. wza granger place?
We will be there! Stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
Come by Red Square (Georgetown Univ) to have a carrot cake & end your hunger as well as the world hunger crisis! via Bakers at Georgetown
O, if you need to take a break and drink a tasty beverage, I could stand to work outside the studio this afternoon.
same here... but if its one of my close friends i confront them
oh I will!
where the eff did they play?!?
I am ready for the
going to sleep well good night twitterlers ttyl or in the night cause i know im not going to be waking up anytime soon :) bye
What cameras do you shoot wonders on?
Thanks for the RT! : blogoversary celebration and great book giveaway by : tiny.cc/71hjt
Can you get banned from over tweeting? lol.
Henrik = Brick Wall
i love when i can put my poetry in my music. it always feels so right :]
cough huh? Avenge Deez Nuts!!!
I know shit rough but we don't give up, we don't get mad we just get tough, we just get right we don't get left.
I've gotten a lot of response on the decks. It's honestly gonna be a free for all. I will order more if I run out.
Well just think he could be sneaking into your head and making himself comfy to make you dream of him.
Had a great time at Oshkosh this year with two showings of our new episode "They Were All Volunteers", available on DVD in November!
#ireallywant to learn how to drift.
It's unamerican to not like Seinfeld
Cats lead 2-1 in the bottom of the 2nd with runners on the corners and 1 out
congrats on moving up in the world Jeff
“ WHATS GOING ON WITH WADE?”
awwh feel better!
we can totally help you with that. Just sayin'
Just tasted through about 62 wines at the Downey Wine show... And 3 espresso's later I'm ready to go!
Taking Jake for his follow up appt. Dont want to drive there just for them to tell me the meds worked, but oh well
Aramis Ramirez's bat usually doesn't heat up until June, but I didn't know about his brain.
Thanks so much. I love what is doing. You guys are great! Let's meet up again soon. Jealous of the loft!
Filling my ear holes with The Jesus & Mary Chain in anticipation of the Fillmore show in June.
Am I the only one in the world who doesn't know what temple run is?
I told the wonderful desk agent who got me on a flight tonight that he was my favorite person on the planet. I meant it, too.
Asa Jackson, a Cal Poly CB just drafted by the Ravens, is such an unknown that ESPN's draft tracker didn't list school in his online eval.
dead and gone
Nerding out on the Byrds and Simon & Garfunkel today.
Oh no! Tell me that the presentation you agreed to do isn't anytime soon! Hope you get voice back quickly!
Swapping this year's 1st RD & two more 1st RD is too huge a price IMO. #Rams almost guaranteed 3 starters from this trade.
hi ariana, just wanted to let you know that i love you <3
no, it's not on demand yet
sup Cuzzo just wanted to see how you been?
aw shucks- where is my invite?!
i feel like im nothing
we are owned by Bain, who owns Dunkin Donuts. M, donuts...
I feel tha love. Toast wonderful future lol. No
I know. Terrible.
ok so once again why r u fucking with her... She must do the bootie real good!!!! Lol
Rain shortens Curcio track meet - Lynchburg News and Advance
I do
"They should make vodka lipgloss."
What to do tonight in #Milwaukee?? Marquette won so it should be hoppin'!
Salsa @ The Marquee (AMC Downtown) Tonight at 8pm - Free Lessons at 8:15pm - 1400 Main
Had fun chatting with this morning. #Veep gives good belly laughs.
Hope you're smiling BIG today :)
still that's a good triple
What's the over under on the amount of cortisone that they pumped into Ben at the half?
Life is AMAZING!!
last minute notice! Ruby Dee will be appearing tonight through Sunday in Regina Taylor's play, Post-Black at Ensemble Studio Theatre
Wow, Solo Cup company sold for $1B. I guess the beer pong market is taking off.
Happy Mother's Day!
how you been since you never hit me up no mo'
i love your music.
Lady gaga tonight...
no im not even on one, im juss stickin to real shit
Havent been on this account in forever Im always on my personnalll
Weight Loss Supplements - Are Supplements Necessary for Maximum Weight Loss?
I would put it on Facebook too if this phone would let me!!
Sorry chica, one of these days I promise! I'm a busy gal, as I'm sure you are too :)
Let us continue to tell the next generations the praiseworthy deeds of the Lord, his power, & the wonders he has done. Psalm 78:4
My sleep schedule has sadly enough become 4 AM-noon. I'm not proud. But waking up at 9AM tomorrow shall be quite the bitch.
Watching Next Friday in work.
Hey say hi to Nick Jonas for me ... :D
Omg me too! Yay:)
It's 11:11 make a wish <3 *cough cough* this tweet is dedicated to you <3 so notice me maybe ?? #ILoveYou #ILikeYourFace <3 :)
#idolfinale the suspense!
Hopefully i get to Skype tonight (:
lol. You do that. I saw captain america a few days ago. I still haven't seen the last harry potter movie though. :/
#FF , , , Thank you for all the kind support
DISCUS announced that Suntory International has joined the trade group which is composed of major producers of distilled spirits in the US
Relocated to MI from NYC! Good to be home, but I could use employment. Anyone know of freelance design/layout/editing work?
haha they were mortified I didn't check the picture with them first! They're old now and can't live without the glasses :)
I forgot about twitter! But then I realized there was a twitter app on my blackberry so like why not tweet everysecond now
Great article.How are you doing? I hope you're celebrating,but knowing you, you are back in full recruiting mode!Come out to Cali!
oh yessir! The original #FRESHness: #SamDietze | much love brother.
good morning. I just made eggs. The end.
Faith treats "Disbelief-Itis"!
My horoscope is dead on as always #teamlibra. friendship is important to me & I'll never turn my back on my friends
so gilberto, when are we going to hangout hahah?
me too
RT : I have truly been blessed with some amazing friends who love God and it's completely awesome.
lol I kinda need to know tough ima go tomorrow & I need to see how much $ to take :o
Who's already purchased their tickets?
ive been stung by a bee a few times. shit hurts man.
I'll admit, partial to Beirut, do want to walk the "corniche"
Roger that on report. Stay tuned.
If you come to greenfield i will tip really WELL!!!
you wore this on 16&pregnant!
Mavericks trail the Rush 3-1 just heading in to the third period
I thought KAYNE WEST learned his life lesson the FIRST TIME he pulled this stunt! I hope the MEDIA's 2 minute story is FAIR...oh wait, damn!
Custom Tote Bags are an excellent promotional tool. High quality full color tote bag printing at NYC Printing 123 is the just what you...
yayyyy meatspin!! Are you going to the concert?
How can Billy hate the snug?!
Margaret Singer of Su Casa has just been awarded the 's Everyday Freedom Hero Award
RT if you're going to ESPN Gameday tomorrow!!!
rocked my soul
T minus 6 days to kickoff! tailgate better be ready. Comin back hard style
word up. Only Redskin fan I know and you loyal to that bum ass team but you guys about to hop over Dallas
does anyone at UMW have one of those car battery chargers? For idiots like me?
Listening to waiting for JOSH HUTCHERSON!
Yeah!! It's a really good show! :D I love it <3
Hey, were you guys at the OCALI conference this last November?
It's I Am Better Than This Thursday. Sometimes you have to take a look at your situation and tell yourself I am better than this.
Proudly wearing my Gamma Phi Beta badge designed by today!
Hour before set starts and show is already full.
Who'd you rather...Scotty Pippen and his rings (6) or Karl Malone...2nd all-time leading scoring with 36,928??? - Thanks for listening!!!
Mall with (:
I'm all mothered out. Better rest my fevered brain for the good of all :)
Clue & Life
of course!!
We hope it's not your last! ": 's first time at !! Super delicious!"
I really loved FINALLY meeting you IRL last night!! :)
what a day first I got a parking ticket ugggg , then I missed a conference call
Today MUST be opposite day then, cause your absolutely fuckn hideous:D(beautifulest) RT : Fatima's ugly (:
: If you're not ready to be poor, you're not ready to be an entrepreneur
“: I am getting to the point where I am beginning to look forward to the MLS suspension of the day e mail.” Like.
People get on the internet &&d forget who they really are...
yay! just ate and 1 A so far. happy again!
gonna be tweeting a LOT about tomorrow. just be warned haha... my baby's gonna be 18! <3
Who else thinks that George Carlin would have made one hell of a president?
You can't get away from God. God won't get away from you. Bibliography = Psalm 139 (especially 7 - 12), Hebrews 13:5.
#meet&Greet at Wando's May 1, Looking to fill nominee slate - membership can vote. tweet us if you are interested.
"Work with?" "Work with your doctor?" Depends on which and what all factors? CBT WHAT? Circumstance WHAT? MEDICAL CONDITON whoM???
...a little bit of driving). And if you can find a spot there that doubles or LA...could be good.
I give it a 1..
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Are You Paying?
completed Chapter 8 in
only 8 more days until school is out..know what that means? 8 days until I get to watch you do your thing! On
To all of you who work at the toughest, most underpaid, under-appreciated, longest hours job, we salute you. Thank you garbagemen! Oh ye...
If this game would of been in Gillette stadium the everyone in the Cauldron would of been arrested
Thank you it works wonders!
So great running into you today. Hope your day got better!
you have a nice smile
Watching a romantic movie and getting pissed off about your non-existent love life.
OMG Hundreds of killings and lynchings of blacks kept quiet in the 20s
My name is Tyrone Freaknasty Jackson and I would like to be booked for the next show.
I love cooking, but I am also very glad that I denoted Wednesday nights as "dinner out" night. was a welcome respite. :)
Ah please put up the pictures! I can't contain my self any longerr haha(:
Studying up for my PADI rescue diver course over the weekend...
Worst feelings ever : Finding out the person who you WERE in love with , had NEVER loved you.
Thanks. Definitely changes things.
dm it to me again
pitch 1 vs pitch 5 was amazing. Out of control to NASTY.
That photo of us on your set made me Facebook famous for a day. Thanks brother, lol!
Kiss me like you miss me ***
this sounds like the reaction your girlfriend makes, when you just told her you have an STD in bed.. #isetmyfriendsonfire, bitch!
I love pink chesse (:
TeachBoost if you do what you say you're going to do, I'm rooting for you.
Detroit wins hockey game. There is no justice in the world!
Men are easier, they just see what grud.A that's us, women will be a surprise ...
Level up - group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks - make the pt. about them taking control of the learning process
I saw you messaged me, whats up?
O forced to endorse gay marriage, despite ducking the issue previously. Obama, 2004: "I don't think marriage is a civil right."
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she think flocka better than biggie
Ridiculously excited about going to Dubai tomorrow!
Finally coming down from that post gala high.... 2 words describe it. WIPED OUT!! Totally worth it, but is it bedtime yet??
Lol yeah right!! I would never set myself up for blackmail...I'm smarter than that :P
My wife says "Writing is the joyful part. Rewriting is the hard work." She writes fiction.
“ I Hate When Ugly Girls Think They The Shit Because They Chill With People Who Are Known! -__-”
Good Night all, Peace & Love ....
Being faithful to your Boyfriend or Girlfriend should be common sense .
We're thinking MWF for sure...
RT Positivity accrues like compounded interest. Negatively depletes like a high interest credit card.
Are you sure the leftovers will survive past the lunch hour? :)
tourism event over 3000 peeps....Christmas in middleburg
. The Doctor's Socks
Welp, so much for that. RT Hearing Duke has offered 2013 M33M/Dyer Co. guard Robert Hubbs I.
Hes the one i think is cute but actually my bias is Suho :D
R.I.P. Angelo Dundee
haha they seem just a little out of place
Snow finally in Denver? is predicting 5-10 inches... Finally gonna feel like the holiday season!
Very Cheap Florida discount Canoeing and Kayaking Florida- canoeing and kayaking florida
True Story: I ate bull testicles last night. Well.. I spit them out.. but yeah... photos to follow.
Checking out #District in downtown Oakland. Very cool spot, good energy!
OMG we are starting to record our EP today. Who's excited?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Do you own a food cart? we have two new locations...One in Sellwood and one in Canby! PRIME!
Shout Out my new Shadiva... Thanks U Lord!!!
don't think that would last too long. Money dries up real quick when starting a new family.
Black belt! Congratulations!
Ill be a blogger. I love my 3 dogs. It is my 2nd pack of 3.
Lol gotta love
Are you a young professional and want to ask our mayoral candidates a question? Let us know here.
Columbia today for CPA Day at the Statehouse. - Legislative Luncheon, New CPA Oath Ceremony and SCACPA Board meeting.
After hearing on I can't wait to see Company.
Happy holidays to all!
Shout out to Follow Him He Follows Back !
that was a big deal y'all
Most teenagers are like, "I want sex, alcohol, and drugs." Then there's me like, "I want Austin Mahone."
What apps do you use to tweet? What about linking your FB and twitter? I'm tired of them giving each other the silent treatment
I'm a conservative, teetering Republican (no viable candidate..ugh) and I find this hilarious! Good one, Greebs!
Man! It's the Hair Show. The Ice Cold Brothas of Alpha Phi Alpha present their 10th Annual Hair Fashion Show @ the Wharton Center! Tonight!
Anytime! :) RT I won a couple free apps from 4 tomorrow night! thinking BBQ Shrimp and Chicken Thighs! Thx guys!
I'm a bitch, and I don't care.
thanks for the follow! And thanks for letting me be a part of SOTYP, it was a great event! Count me in for future happenings!
Yes Reed, I've enjoyed the My Art Match app, hear they have more stuff coming soon. Something to keep an eye on for sure.
ME TOO! RT : I'm only 140 characters of interesting.
Today was the last day of school for seniors😭😭😭
Very excited to be here at #BroCon2011 at NYAC speaking about marketing & sponsorship. Great event.
indeed. I only insist on this place bc it's a bit of a walk (I always like an excursion) & it's historic (& you know).
the-man.tv to view the first two episodes of my web series The Man. It has been a blast making them but also a valuable learning tool!
I was praying and I can hear my fone and all my messages r from Twitter
Will "The Social Network 2" detail how Facebook has become a less desirable place to visit than a Mexican hot dog factory?
dude thank you so much! That's so awesome.
Here we go again with Perrys last attempt to claim a war on religion. Surprisingly just as stupid without the nature backdrop.
That would be hilarious...(:
4.2 earthquake = great day at the office
Thanks to everyone who helped us take 2nd-best Film Festival in the 's Best of DC 2012 poll! Next year,
June 23 & 24! May get a hotel over the weekend starting Friday the 22nd :)
sounds pretty brutal
Teaching for all, not for profit.
Thanks for the updates on the races at junction city, love that track👍
oh! Well thanks for letting me know -_-
i miss you more :/
Thanks! I really enjoy your research as well, (including your insightful comments on my blog!). By the way, congrats on your book
I see your point; but this is more like focusing on a primary race in a minor school board instead of the mayoral campaign.
Is it me? Please tell me that it's me.
Drove though Downtown Lorain tonight to see what all the Light Up hub-bub was about. There were freaking reindeer!!
I have to ask my Catholic friends to block your Twitter account :-)
Omg I need that Audi.
Shannaban will say Stauby toe-picked!!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Fong Chanthavong was killed in a car crash in Chili this morning. Her family says she was driving to work, just she did everyday.
not much im bored :/ blahh wat r i doing
Oh...check out our new 4th year logo.
Have you played with SimpleGeo?
I wear all your old clothes, your polo sweater I dream of another you the one who would never leave me alone to pick up the pieces.
they have a pretty nice gym down there how is the program?
Best recent discovery: , the Twitter account of Laura Ingalls Wilder.
thx for RT. piece was dreadful.
Hey everyone! We're staying late tonight to get ready for Streats tomorrow night at the El Cortez!! Get down there and get your eat on!! @
mornin tweeta'z lets catch a cloud and stay on dat bitch!!!
How are u ariana? Hope u had a great day today! Can't wait for u live chat! Love u! Xoxo💗💗
I have been sitting in the dps office for an hour and still waiting...
I hate being sick...
thank you for the love, support and friendship!!! Simply beautiful inside and out!
I can't believe Kreider is on the top line! Let's see what this kids got!!
why does Benton have to be soo far away!!!
The attitude u give to me is what you shall receive....
Even better than the food?! Shabbat Shalom guys!
#FastAndFurious makes me FURIOUS...FAST! Disappointing while Disgusting! Why does Holder still have a #jobs?I know, he's covering for Obama!
Police showed your Tru Blu Ft. Young Dafi & Mosburg video in a news conference today and are 'concerned' about it. Thoughts?
Yeah, I figured you were that cool. I'll be posting more book-centered links. Stay tuned.
I have created my own reality by deciding and judging what is possible. II now ask the Universe to show me what else is possible.
#Simple chicken recipe #sticky lemon tarragon drumsticks #chicken recipes #meal ideas #dinner time
haters gonna hate keep doing yall's thing is all good!
The Drowsy Lads were awesome! DJ DEVO is now tearing it up to a packed dance floor.
I need more followers.
i think ur acct was hacked because i just received a DM from u with a link to a site w/ a virus! :/
#ClassicMovies Kangaroo Jack
Trick or Treat? TRICK is finding a good roofing contractor. TREAT is finding one to do it at 2/3 the cost. Call for quote. 505-504-2522
haha. Are you flying there?
What to do on this beautiful day before it gets blazing hot again...I think Tori and I will take Nikita to the dog park!
Kevin Love wins 3 Point Contest! Up next the Slam Dunk Contest!!!
Media is sounding so dissapointed there was no carnage in NYC? They blew it out of proportion to begin with. Just be glad no one was hurt!
You know it's a good day when you pick up and he's wearing short running shorts and a vneck.
same old song RT : She's so last year
ELI is now "Manning" and Payton will be known by his first name. Eli was always riding shotgun, now he is the driver.
You need to live with Oscar the grouch.
Off work. Went by in a breeze.
TWEET YOUR HEART OUT IM STILL NOT GONE CALL
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I'm a righty, but I dance better with my left. Go figure.
Barack Obama -- Honored with Fried Chicken and Waffles
Holy frack, Mexico! Stop with all the psychotic horror reality, plz.
#atablackchurch its that awkward moment when everyone turns around and stares at you
New cvp's will be a giant spaceship.
": Just finished a bottle of red wine, now time for moscato!!!"<< u probably drinkin dat shit by ya self listening to some R&B lol
Albert Einstein: The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Always the first to class, and last to leave.
I found Spiccoli, he's alive and well and lifeguarding at the Breckenridge Rec Center!! :-)
DS: i hope he is. When Mattison was here he was soft and our D reflected that a little bit..
god morning :)
Our DNA Fingerprint autosomal test is a total analysis of all your lines matching you to populations not people. 888-806-2588
yeah man. If you can't next week I can see about picking you up I you're down.
Thanks for following us!
Flipped through channels & saw a CNN doc on Bin Laden & then wrote an essay abt how much he messed up the world
haha hell yeah
Grab our #TUESDAYSPECIAL for lunch AND dinner! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for just $4.99! Use promo code - TUE499
How does that compare with other teams int he B1G?
Travel + all that goes with spending on a bowl game right around the holidays. Just thinking there's some economics to the issue.
Esri Experts Earn TM Forum Certification
your tongue tastes like shit.
Tim Bedwell will discuss pedestrian safety with Nina Radetich during the six P.M. news tonight.
David Byrne day in New Genres! Best excuse to watch Stop Making Sense and convert some Talking Heads fans. Loving this class.
Haha!!! Yeah, Klout was doing a V-Day theme. I'm good bro, we need to catch up soon. I haven't seen you since the shoot!
lol set a screen, boxed, made the extra pass, set another screen, drew a foul, boxed out-me
Hrag are you really (half?) Canadian? I actually had no idea.
Tall Americano from Starbucks...road drink
“: here's to the kids who are too awkward to function.” Big Cat from Fantasy Factory ;P 's brother. <3 :)
friends messing w/ ouigi? board... long story.. hairdryers turning on by themselves - I SAW that! we all slept in next room..
I love it! Through the eyes of babes :)
Hungry? Thirsty? Just got off of work? Cruise by for the 1st Thirsty Thursday w/! We'll be here until 8PM!
Breaks over! Comic Con prep in full force! Who needs a booth???
slider outside 1 ball 2 strikes
Yeah you do! With stickK by your side, you're good to go!
Can't use a drinking fountain now without thinking of Parks & Rec.
Bobby Valentine's rain dance must have worked. RT Tonight's Yankees-Sox game at Fenway postponed.
Got the new Set Your goals songs! SO GOOD!!!
Right, and somehow his hype grew from last year's draft to now.
I WANT MY HALF!
yea I got a cartoon of turners tea tattooed on me a few months ago
School van driver facing rape charges in court in Boston. Latest at 5:30.
thanks so much and happy to answer any millennial questions!
Travel briefs: D.C. wax museum gets Lady Gaga
guy loves his 300 way too much. Lost cool points.
Congrats man I was rooting for you but come next week....well that will all depend
OMG! This is just...I don't watch K-Pop in front of friends or family. Lol Just no!
Shocker! OK, maybe not... Star & Buc Wild have left the building at Radio One's WPHI (100.3 The Beat)/Philly. Stay tuned for what's next.
how's twitch doing? if he is still not doing very well I can take him to an emergency clinic thru Good Samaritan law tonite
RT - No player on the Jacksonville Jaguars not named Maurice Jones-Drew should be allowed to talk shit in the media
lorne is such a light-skinned!! ugh lol
yes I love toddlers. That been my passion since I was little. U got a lot to do at ur job. How old r u? If u mind
Curry is a beast. Congrats to Mark Jackson on career win
I can install it , and make sure it works (Full Version) for 80.00
That would be useful. But, this format opens up unknown mental possibilities
Sorry I missed the groundbreaking...I will be happy to sample any leftover wine samples to make it up to you guys!
RT Rick Perry, king of the wild frontier. txmnth.ly/pbgZOY (context)
follow me please i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow and help make change 2011!
all those teams are much more complete than Denver
Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????
One week till ROCKETS AND ROBOTS part of theNC Science Festival… rockets are too cool!
ALWAYS do a dry run!
I wonder if this is the magnetic therapy... I'll be watching for the answer. Insurance reimbursement tough for MT
The guy who paints the field in Jacksonville had an #epicfail. Some field arrows are pointing the wrong way.
I think they are all afraid of Tami
I thinks my neighbor just caught me stealing his Wi-Fi internet.
your tinychat was fun!! you should do it more often!
A fake smile can only stay on your face for so long.
My dude is performing at a school event with a shirt that says VAGINA, gold teeth, and he is bangin hard!
that wasnt very nice of him was it!
my swag is definitely switched ON.
talking to you makes my night (:
At #jam2011 exec summit What a breakfast! Ready to start
Lol what if i could actually dress and look cute..
a sequel to #mudbound? I am so IN! I want to pre-order my copy now.
are you there Robby? It's me, god
I'm not one to gossip, but is up to no good..
thanks for the follow! We believe the #digitaldivide needs to be closed as well!
Computer problems got you down? We'll get you back up and running!
otherwise, just have fucking carrots.
Re education: As much as the US lags behind the world, WA state lags behind the US.
Met a female dragon. Had a fire conversation.
Some guys have starring problems 0.o
": I hate driving now... With a passion ^.^ in the summer in riding a bike everywhere"
THANK U 4 DA PPL STILL FOLLOWING ME. I LOVE YALL N ILL B BACK ON SOON N BETTER
here's hoping. Technically we've had like a week to do this...
you better believe I want the #sluggertime T!
Hey, , good to hear from you! :)
Suck my dick
Can't believe I'm seeing purple. Puke!
Along Came Polly is a funny ass movie.
Marble can vary in size and color and can be cut to your specific needs.
Someone just ralphed at the Brannan Street US Post Office. Please be advised.
I'm heartbroken & it's very frustrating. 😔
no she shot into ceiling and got 20yrs.
Toss up btwn April Bloomfield & Christopher Walken for most awesome-sounding cameo on tonight’s 's holiday special
Great to meet you too. I look forward to tweeting with you! Have a wonderful Wednesday!!
When did people in the driver seat start looking like they are about 9 years old???
Rise and Shine ! Beautiful day to believe the impossible and declare the ridiculous and receive the exceedingly
Kansas over NC = my bracket is now leading the #MarchMadness group?
u r too sweet. And a bundle of "Joy Doss"
No no no this can't be! Not Lexie!! I don't want her to die!! :'(
I'm pretty booked for tomorrow, but I'll think about the 106k, & talk to Melissa bout it. Do you have more details?
FYI : you can rip YouTube vids to import as songs through Safari & FF.
I've heard beautiful soul three times today and like four times in like three years.
yes! That's true!
I hate the last days of school . So bored.
Does Portland have a shot at landing Jamal Crawford? if not then who is on their radar?
A little late night comping in the studio...
Of Course you can draw Ali. That's no secret :p.
you can't afford it on the weekends. Lol
Good Morning! "To be an artist is to believe in life."-Henry Moore Create your day!
": A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it." Thus further the spawning of my phobia..
I was never a fighter but if someone follows me & catches up... I will fight for my life... Justice 4 Trayvon...
Thrilled that is on Twitter. I expect to shift his focus from in the follow-ratings.
#AllianceSummer Council discusses potential evolution of DDA ebk project: future scale, cost distribution, transition frm pilot to program
It's safe to say the Rez there don't dig Madaffer very much, or Emerald, or any SD politician for that matter.
Not over tweeting on the markets here. Saving good stuff for the clients and friends. The Bear has arrived
: Sweet. House shoot? Can't wait to see it.
Isn't he Scottish?
IT'S PARADE DAY MILWAUKEE!!!
follow me plz go on your plz
♬RT♪IF♪YOU❤♪MUSIC♬
Hw sucks ass
:( I know all about it.
you're welcome! You're site is GREAT!
yeah I hear this a lot but everyone keeps saying this spam
honestly if ur so fucking down about urself go jump off a fucking bridge....if u dont want too then obviously u like something about ur life
No, not at all...you're all more than welcome! I'm emailing the gang now and telling them you're coming home!!
Thanks < Consumers don't trust corporate hype. They look to friends and peers for brands and prods they can trust.
When you make claim to "industry leader" or "world's first," be sure it's actually a genuine claim. False claims gradually erode brand.
Enjoy #stirtrek tomorrow. You'll have to pretend there's a tall, obnoxious guy sitting in front of you this year.
Big fan of UNrules.
Zygote ID only! RT : RT : Is a transvaginal ultrasound picture an acceptable form of voter ID in Texas?
its also a day to trust noone. and i do mean NO ONE!
Again, I'm not endorsing imposing structural separation right now, just saying that in principle that would be preferable.
Tell you local SHRM ASTD IHRIM/ etc. chapter, that HR Resource Portal and HR Training Portal has some free services available.
the joy of teenagers... see last tweet
“: at least you know.”yup!! Go toe to toe wit me like a BITCH would
Watching last nites epi of The Voice. I love this show because of the family aspect. Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them!
if you knew me, you'd know I'd never prey. Coffee?
