The worst four minutes of the game for the #pens have been the four minutes where they have been on the power play.
Can work be any busier today geez
I'll be at the Liffey in a jiffy
“And now, cable news has a half-hour of prosecutors not being able to answer the questions they just said they wouldn't be able to answer.”
Lol , I be gonee & plus you guys are al so tall . I'm short as'f compared to you guys lol . So ofcourse you don't see me
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Great sports wknd... what was most entertaining? NBA playoffs, Derby, Pacman, College Lacross...
Oh the perils of cleanliness.
* It's lovely Yaris dog's 46h birthday today. We gave him a big ham bone which he didn't really take to. Took it away and gave him a chew.
wahhhhhhh don't leave!!!!! Miss you already!!!!!
My 3 year old Macbook Pro still runs Final Draft like a champ despite all the high res, stereoscopic, CG heavy VFX that I'm typing into it.
yayyyy I hope you come I'm excited! :)
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. -E. Nightingale
North of me, so all I'm getting then really is just a thunderstorm
I've never actually been that hungry, but I'm sure you're right!
My dad let me use his fancy teacup. I feel so cool.
thanks for the rec. nice site! i ended up settling on a guesthouse in kowloon.
Can you run a campaign in a specific market? RT Ever thought about advertising on food blogs?
Every life is precious, meaningful& valuable... 7 years and still missing you Uncle Ray.
#goodnight twitter RT
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.6
That was sincere! hahaha I was worried bc the rain was horrible over here!
... Jordis Is The Voice !!!!!! I have Loved Her for Many Years....She is The Soulful-Rocker -AMAZING !!!!!
In the late 80s we taught readers/ writers circles whch allowed self exploration through literature
I was gonna say the same thing! The "Annenberg" one if possible :-)
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can�t have it
Or DID they ...
mobb deep and bossman Sunday night at 8pm...$25 what u think???
EAST TECH RITE
I'm done.
Good Morning! How was your weekend?
it will be busy with Rangers vs Devils, Game 2
almost drowned in the pussy so I swim to the butt. it's in the motto if you were wondering
Looking out the door... Get it slammed in our faces #EMTproblems x
do me a favor.open the door...& let `em in.
Han shot first.
“ Thought 4 off-season: "Self confidence comes frm knowing u deserve success cuz you've worked harder than every1 else."<-LOVE IT!
heading 2 GB next week 4 my sis's bachelorette party, got some sug. for places to hit? I will need a dancefloor late night!
that's good!(: and guy problemss. Haha.
hahaha better be
2nite I meet my little sister's bf. Time to take on the role of an interrogative and ovrprtctv dad, while making my Idntlikeu4mydghtr face
“: Today's #2012brochurephotoshoot will take us to from the trapdoor in the floor to heaven. Wonder what play it could be...”
I am officially stealing some of the miles and the vert as surrogacy while the fracture heals : )
Never let the amount of guys you've had sex with beat your age.. you'll have to wait a few years so it'll even up.
Going to tomorrow. Haven't been in 3 years! Probably not going to eat for the next 48 hours.
following along on the hashtag, looks like good things for you guys to hear from pros in the industry!
Vin Diesel > William Hybrid
abs are made in the kitchen
Check out 's Kitchen in Oak Park for a hearty breakfast and a Jo Snow latte. What a great combo.
:) What will you be celebrating?
You're welcome. My pleasure!
even that guy couldn't spell Rodgers right!
Texas A&M and Missouri's had a combined 0-6 record against Oklahoma, Oklahoma State and Kansas State...
Share what Junior Seau meant to you. We'd love to remember him and recognize his legacy. Help us do it right. Thank you.
its cool cuz ur soft. see ya on the football field
CONGRATULATIONS! is lucky to have you :)
"I've made an ass of myself so many times I often wonder if I am one." ~Norman Mailer (via )
Ha. Welcome to Darlington. The Bojangles name hasn't been attached very long - just this year I think.
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
We are tremendous fans of 's creative work. We would love to do an interview with you for our magazine!
Gym time biatches!
[Only 50-60! Deadline Oct 25.] RT Hope there are a lots of slots I have a sneaking suspicion it will be well attended
thx for the bday tweet, Caroline!
: she made this hilarious face after drinking lemonade:P
RT if you want the STEELERS to win!! :)
Leftovers require some creativity. I'm putting together a chicken, hummus, mixed veggie dish.
any word on where Jordan White might end up?
lol I was just kidding I just hate paying bills.
I don't understand the expression "Nothing succeeds like success." Isn't that like saying "Nothing tastes more like cheese than cheese"?
At Borders enjoying Veterans Day off. Umbrella keeps flipping on me, so I'm procrastinating going home.
Mentor ISO manatee.
also don't like frank's RQ intro, but adler's live isn't same as AFD either, perhaps it's a studio sound that cant be redone
good driver not so good of a team behind him. Payback for temperamental issues last yr.
Any parking recommendations for those going to The Hooley on Saturday?
keep up the hard work! I just signed your petition.
aw :( you left me
The jerry springer show right now -_- <<
very cool!
Good morning world. . .dont forget april 1st at somewhere else tavern in greensboro nc!!
This Dr office is playing the worst lovey dovey music. I guess if it makes me slit my wrists the dermatologists is the place to do it
thanks Lisa for joining in with Mood
why is your profile on private now??
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzche Especially in this results only count world.
Back home for the first time in over a week. Time to hit the hay! I plan to sleep until 1 :-)
Got on Metro bus. Everyone else, including the driver, got off. I can haz cooties?
gooski's!!! killer of sheep & easy action!!! lazy pricks!!! get out!!!
Playing Headhunters in Austin tonight - super double set. 11-45pm
Happy Mother's Day Cynthia
LAUREN! I haven't talked to u in like for ever ... Do u remember me ? :)
Great website!! You have a lot of cool stuff on there! I'll check back on it and keep it on my favorites.
not yet, at least I don't think so. I haven't been home.
I'm getting a pass for halo even if I can't watch.
I want a bloody Mary. Stat.
Your frequent tweets regarding NYC make this Midwesterner very jealous and serve as a well-needed reminder to return soon.
why do they always smell like someone peed, you know the smell, like an outdoor elevvator
As familiar as I am with , I've never actually used it until today! Amazing app. Not sure how I will be using it though.
oh no man, there really is no talent here. Zero. Go look at the tweet with the image attached haha.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I Am Ratchet'
That is why I love Because I know that she will never turn bad on us.....!!!
yes hopefully they'll come soon cause I think I'm leaving town may 26 D: knowing my luck they would come then hahah
RT : The #USMNT has come out flying. A quick series of passes sees Feilhaber spring Zusi in for a nice finish and the first goal.
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
Killing it!!
Having violent hiccups at 1 am is no bueno :(.
Justin biebers new song Latin girl, is that about Selena Gomez?
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today.
Home! And we finally have internet which means I get to play for the rest of the #SupernaturalParty and afterparty! :D
Get me a shih tzu so I know it's real!!:((
seems to be as wasted as I am! Giddy up!
now you're talking!
"It's been a while - How you've come back in style." ::coconut records::it's not you it's me::
Embedded blogger with teams QR codes Track progress
Just saw a woman step on a pigeon. I think the pigeon was more phased than she was.
The funny thing is that this girl is way bigger than me! Lol.
Every day I realize I should always be working harder.
Congrats to her! Also, I'm NYC for the next few months. We should hang.
We in Vegas tho
Hell yeah , both of them are good ass players !
are you watching makeover too?
thanks for the :60SSM love.
There are 20 minutes to get into Aruba satellite at the Isle Pompano. So far two $4500 packages guaranteed and almost a third.
Kyle LeDuc and Toyo Tires Sweep Pro 4 Unlimited Class at Firebird - Side x Side News
it's 2012 anything cold happen !!
Quote of the day goes to retiring re: his successor: "If they paint something green that I painted purple, more power to them."
SnapBacks and Tattoos
Thanks for the pin last night... Still wearing it actually :)
Best weekday commute ever! Thanks
Why don't they ever write about people who give up US citizenship out of conscience?: the wars, racism, no free healthcare, etc.
I get most of my news from
spending easter with my two most favoritest people in the world (:
Everybody Support Jaylon Tate ! Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater !
im to nice lol
Bon qui qui is just about the best thing ever
so how doing .. heard u were in town do a bit
As low as Reviewstream's bulk rate is, they really should waive the right to reject a review.
-on the Internet: we were matched up b/c our top five look-fors (write-ins) were the same :)
Oh thanks I like that can text with you on Facebook ?
98.67% I did know my stuff :-)
Will be making a trip to Leopold's promptly. Looking forward to this Detroit issue!
Cat scan tomorrow, I'm scared.
It's TUESDAY!!! That means all slices are $2.00! Stop by for some slices, fresh garlic knots & enjoy the sunshine!
taking a stroll to megatropolis
lmao im dumb today
We're very excited for you to hear the new tunes!
Trish thank you for the follow, Dan
...and it looks like we're back up and running.
So we're up 27-0 at the half. Still, looks like #iowahawkeyes have some work to do before the conference season.
Well my boyfriend is the one who makes beats so Alberto gave me a CD on Friday.
Kill bill vol 3 is commin out this year or next year lady gaga will be in it tho uma thurman played the shit out that movie and she killedit
-Will Henry
I want that, I don't have to yell it from the rooftop bc the glow on my face says it all, type love... lol
Parents who also work a nontraditional shift know that exhaustion doesn't land you in the hospital. ;)
Yes! Let's get together soon!
none,chillen,bout to head to the hood(North Memphis) and you?
Twitter is so much better than Facebook! Just saying
I know I'm late on this but what metta "world peace" did today made me so much happier that the pacers got rid of him when they did
Amen to that.
First Tweet 
I love that...sometimes when there is no will they still seem to come and ask
You're so sweet thanks for bringing me some pudding even though I'm in the other room. :)
aha I always wanted my car to be glow in the dark
not a fan of either team, but lets get this going!
doesnt even talk t me thanks t megan
In trying to hack on taco bells wifi apparently the password is not taco.
Thanks, Zhina! Looking forward to reading your tweets.
haha thanks, hopefully I won't be shaking in my bed, afraid some paranormal stuff is gonna start happening
you inspire me Soo much! Just wanted to say hi! #tcproductioners! Let's get this trending!
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
You had to have filled up by the airport. Those stations are very deceptive. its $3.65 everywhere else.
Charlie has got me vote. Bring it.
Fuck it. I'm watching My Little Pony until Matt gets home. Maybe if you're nice I'll share my Pony inspired cosplay.
At the same Damn time !
Get it in the Mornin like Alonzo
Total joke
Fill in the blanks! By Tuesday evening, Peyton Manning will sign with the BRONCOS! BELIEVE IN ELWAY
& that is the central weakness of his argument. Water down a historical movement & it serves as proxy for anything.
If I fail at life I always have the option of becoming a seedy blonde
This #bcs game is boring beyond beli...z...
What's your favorite song from "Many Waters/Many Floods?"
yes for sure! thank you!
There comes a time in everyone's life when you need to open your eyes to see what's real! Don't ignore it.
Sahweny's paper is really about category confusion occasioned in emergence of new technologies and how that leads to certain legal battles.
STOP tweeting me >.<
FOUR DAY WEEKEND!!!!
It's open to ALL our friends and family :D
Thank you Australian One Direction stalkers<3
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won♥2
you have family in vzla? You're from costa rica right?
slow pig milwaukee april 22
I am sad to see being a dudebro is what i used to refer as a douchebro.
ooh...joey! :) nats just hit homer, tied 1-1 in 5th. Latos had been lights out until then.
: "how many fourths of a cup are in a cup? I havent baked in a while! No seriously! Are you really tweeting that?"
sucks to suck
Gay is Okay, that's all I gotta say.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
GoodMorning All my twitter followers ! Today is going to be very exciting so stick around and check out my tweets !!!!
should i buy a kindle fire? or not?
Im recordin everything from day one in the gym
#texxtme!!! Super boring night!
Yay RT : Looking forward to opening up at the next week! Founded by & Ken Tominaga!...
so ... when were you gonna let me know you're in Nashville? how long you here?
juhhhh left a nugga hanging doe!
hey hey Lady! RT Hey, Hey, Hey Good Morning!
RT : The Wood did their thang today!!
my man I Cnt wait to get your vocals in that track kid!!!!!!
Up can't sleep and I have to be up ina couple hours ugh should of just went to tthe Club
The game is up.
Gonna finish my global hw
Still stuffed from last nights pizza extravaganza
stoked on all your tweets about
you're welcome!
Sitting out in my backyard around the fire pit singing one direction songs with the boys.
I feel privileged.
Okey Today At School Was Awesome I Got My First Client I Was So Scared But I Did It Im So Happy That I Think I Need A Drink lol
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months.
It's National Brownie Day! "My childhood smelled of perfume and brownies."---David Leavitt Have a GREAT Friday eve everyone! :)
the lady at the Sparkle cleaners at 22nd and Meridian is really nice. And they always have a 2 for 1 pants special.
Let's give it a try <3
BULLS TIED UP
I'm touched, really. My conversion rate on Tumblr to Twitter followers has been mediocre at best... UNTIL NOW.
I was supposed to stop smoking but I forgot lol
Just watched Taylor Swift Live in Concert DVD! Pretty darn good! :)
It's a new year! Hell yeah!
KHSAA inductee Graham keeps competitive spirit despite battle with MS
What's wrong wit spike lee lol his outfits look like they out of andre3k closet
Shit I might jus right a fictional book.
The more I tell myself to forget you.the more I can't."
I'm from New York. Why the fuck am I in Seymour?
New deal alert!!!
I think I have a brain tumor, but it's probably all in my head.
It's still weird to hear Dave Van Horne broadcasting Marlins games...
I don't know what it is about going to childbirth class, but Zim seems to get all sorts of unruly at the end and right after.
We now have 33 confirmed restaurants for the 2012 Silver Spoon Awards!! Don't forget to get your tickets!!
Likewise! Social and revenue are two of my favorite things. :)
Or nightmare rather
Pain harnessed. Soldiering on. Thanks, Stella!
people make me mad easily because i cant stand them humans
you going to the festival tomorrow?
GUYS. YOU HAVE 50 MINUTES LEFT TO GET IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR DENISE.
Thanks for the follow Sci-Fright! M... brains. Hearts are good too.... ;)
good chance they have the no. 1 pick again next year.
“: is founded on open, public and unfiltered...that's why it's so authentic #LINC” definitely key to their success.
I miss u 2
okay. im sure ill see you at tha graduation ! den ur ass is minee
Oh, now I see it. Nevermind.
if you get hit but the pitch and cry
If wishes come in rainbow colors then I would send the brightest one to say Happy Holi.
yeah !!!! aleluya !! i think yours smile is very very very nice !!!! love you !!!
My eyelashes burn for some reason ~.~
RT : Savior, He can move the mountains. My God is mighty to save, He is mighty to save!
Only 31 students have completed the Technology Poll. This is for Webb Students ONLY, please check your email for a link to the Poll.
Cafe Con Leche: Happy Easter Chi-City!! Dinner and live music 6p-9p with $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas soak up some sun in the patio
Got to houston just in time for 5 o'clock traffic great
My name is Em5ma the 5 is silent.~
Current searches: Sales Engineer and Account Manager with colocation and cloud leader. Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology.
Ha! Maybe they offer a "30 day no questions asked" return policy. ;-)
Thank you for your awesome photo skills and for being a good friend!! Luv ya!!
Hiring now for new locations. Retail management candidates apply online AND get interviewed this week!
Thx, Abe! RT : Standing tall w/u. Have a fab 5K run friends.
does he fall on your gaydar?
why can't it be nice like this on my days off :(.
I didn't even cook, I should of ,lol!!! I'm @ sombody else house
Yo man do you like that Cuban Cigar track on my soundcloud? I was wondering if you want to guess spot on that track?
Stop buying and tax revenues go down at the same time as those put out of work by the lack of commerce need services
Packing done. Amen. I feel so accomplished!
awesome yes, BUT a Cardinal, MARK WHITEN hit 4HRs, and 12RBIs and 16 others hit 4HR. Only 1 has ever matched Alberts numbers.
Haven't see the sun in the afternoon for weeks with all this rain!! I love that Sun shining on me. Welcome back sun!!
I just hate on them 'cause all they do is click bait stories, they are getting more Gawker media every day.
I wonder if I could get lucky enough for to wish me a happy birthday today.. <3
starting early.
Isn't that the Susan B Koman Run? Ask I think she and are the charity heads this yr.
true, they're trying - my Chicago-centric worldview doesn't help. can't argue that MANY skip Indy for Bloomington, though
thanks! And thanks for the autoplay tip. Will wait for proper time to hit link.
Pls keep in touch as well. Hope you enjoy being on the #MWRC13 program committee!
Keep doing you making your music...
I wonder if the name 'Hester' was like the 'Britn'y' of the early 1600's.
Great shoot, couldn't have asked for a better crew. On to CT now
Love you guys!! hope you guys have fun on the US tour!!!! :D
Damn World peace is bringing the pain!
": Ten minutes left!! Did we mention that fastest today gets a $5000 prize?? #Indy500 #indycar2012"
Thanks for the RTs - 2 very different, but VERY hard working tweeters &
This was on Sunday when we got in town. Lenny Kravitz was there as well!!
lol naw I left them last year and upgraded. But we are trying to be like you & are working on starting our own biz
Feel better soon <3
I only feel free when I'm not tethered down. Comedy will give me the luxury of freedom, I hope.
Just take a second look and you'll see.
We are we are the ARMY OF GOD ! :D.
Hell yea bro Peso go hard
When you see a "hot" girl, instead of commenting, "I'd hit that" maybe try, "I'd picnic that."
Her imitation of pop = mau, da da =de de. She's PDD-Nos but she's definitely got some weird stuff goin on.
#idol - Joshua had a tough song to sing. He was all over the place vocally and it was OK at best.
you are creepy
can't sleep...ughh
I like to measure the degree of my messiness to the level of my creativity. My husband doesn't agree...
Awesome! We'll see you there (along with Steve Arnold from )..
It's another nasty day out in DC so I have decided to stay in bed all day! Or until the sun comes out!
Thanks to everyone who came to yesterday's vocal lesson. We scared a few pets while tapping into our belting voice!! So fun!
SUKIE!!!!!!! WHY YOU CRYIN? I GOt A PAIN IN MY SHEESSSS AND I CANT BREAFFFF
i so dont want to go to school today.
one of the librarians doing our training session. Good stuff!
Why do I like to speed in my car so much? Feels so good! And you know that ain't right.... La Speed Goddess on the highway. ;-)
Today I got shot up with b12. Hopefully this will help. I have do it for the rest of my life so it better work.
so over this bitch
oh yeah!!!
Rats!! Stet
Congratulations! Very well-deserved!
Good. We feed off your hate. In fact, we add a fine mint sauce to your hate and pair it with an oaky Cabernet.
You'll see why! RT : I haven't seen #Avengers yet, &amp; Disney has already announced a sequel. Can't wait til this weekend.
Always tell sum1 how U feel., b/c opportunities R lost in the Blink of an eye but Regret cn last 4 a Lifetime. Have an awsm Friday!
im so excited !
LaGuardia is old, small & crappy, limited ground transport into city. JFK is better. I prefer Newark, taking train into Penn.
well, & I love Bay View, but our landlord is selling the house, so we might as well move closer to work!
I love sleeping with the air on and blankets cold >>
my fvorite actor please juss follow him
I dont mind being ur boyfriend
This Is the first time im having only Cody as my icon..... Awks.
Some Secret Service hookers may have been underage: report - New York Daily News
is on campus to deliver pre-ordered regalia and sale of #USF items. LTB Atrium
I think I need a sister wife
Thank u so much!! I really Hope to see u guys soon!! Much Love and Prayers! =)
All this week I was a day ahead. Yesterday I thought it was Sunday, and today I thought it was Monday.
I just want to have the extra power of beaming that trans guy to a good partner who thinks his body was awesome. :(
#ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys give long hugs
I don't typically people watch this time of day, but it's quite interesting to observe people as they go about their morning routines.
I spread my wings and I learn how to fly..though it's not easy to tell you goodbye.
Night is here again to tell me that Time is not on my side.
I'm over today already and I just woke up :(
Start with Donald Glover and work backward. Patrice, Louis CK, Rock, Fallon, Conan, Corddry, Dice among the best.
what rap are you doing next?
#stupidwasted this weekend.
How's Germany?
Another summer day in January.
I just wanna sleep for a few weeks that's all
What time is it where you are?
Thanks - #FF to you, too!
holocaust jokes? Me either, Anne Frankly they should never be told in my opinion
at your show tonight!!!!!
#Factory tonight with the girls
I won't speak I won't say anything ima just leave it how it is.
im gunna be seeing you! im meeting you !
we love #burritos!
Good morning.
thats ALL ball.
becoming a beast to avoid the pain of being a man
Well, let me get started with my day.
Accounting. We meet again.
#FF great friend and cartoonist/illustrator/painter. Super talented and funny. Follow her now.
As I said, we have FAR too many affinities :-)
it was awesome
best days spent giving to other people
i'm honestly looking forward to it more than avengers or dark knight rises.
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY
You're invited! Can't promise any Kardashians though. I've been here 48 hours and none are in sight.
needs to hangout with me
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #swdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
Okay(: 1 more tweet.! Doing. Shout out to anyone that tweets my tag(:
Kiss The Summer Hello artist coming up in minutes!
What's up w/ those turn overs?
If everything goes exactly as planned, there will still be at least 23 million uninsured once all the changes have taken effect.
I'm only fat, when it comes to Chipotle.
LOLOLOL "Let's get that ball" after Loney's first hit. You are wrong for that sir!! Funny though.
I like to leave the door open when I pee
TWITTER OUTAGE: This is NOT about a Hacker. "Powers" are attacking Twitter's freedom of speech. Note NSA's Facebook is still up :-)
how have things been with you
If Juwan Keep This Upp Then
Diamonds and Rust by Joan Baez is my current music obsession. :) She has my favorite female voice (Sam Cooke has my favorite male voice).
Have you entered our Show Us Your Outdoors contest?!
Melissa, where is the link to the site?
The is making everyone else do their work for them. , you said awareness is your biggest hurdle...
You need a bathing suit for each day of the week! #packlight GET WET Pool Party with BORIS and Friends...
it's these clubs ur brother recommended to me.
whha bout tomorrow?
"Online ticket sales are now closed (nearly 350!). We will be accepting walk-ins for $20 cash until 7pm. See you there tonight!"
youu follow me but please could you follow
Grown men owning a Nintendo DS
Omg #Smash was great! I love Karen!!!
Grindin! Got a new Facebook comin soon! Get us on Itunes! Listen on Rhapsody!
you as worthless as an ugly bitch that dont give head
(cont) pull your own parts junkyard, Spanish teacher, kitten pong, human frogger...you know it's that thing where midgets line dance.
See you soon, then! :]
Going shopping of the new r6 race bike ten taking the girls out shopping :) then off to salt lake city..... Again :-( Puerto Rico in 12 days
lol yes I did. Why spell check decided to take forget day off? I have no idea :/ smh
I smell mashups galore.
Elite Open Run Monday at Garner Road in Raleigh 145 Spread the Word!
Bro I left my charger in yo car tell Marcus to bring it in the AM
*Antenna“ I put a digital antennas in the kids room, and of course the only channel it gets is...Univision! Yes!”
Great Halloween turnout by the employees today. Progressive Insurance lady is the best so far. Will post picture later.
Haha! Grease hangover. What did you eat?
A mixed income revenue model is possible; Requires subsidy. $60 a year can't be self-sustaining.
Sorry web went down. DM me with where to send the flipbooks-Issue#2 will be out 8/27 .
depressed sometimes that I love so much and your not even know I exist,but who knows if someday I know#neversaynever hopefully
and our hugs! lol
We love && enjoy the pleasure and entertainment of having our favorite girls return!
Woo finally cooling off here in Van Hise! Can you tell?
Thanks brotha!! That's it!...Man is that Chicken Fried Steak good
Ya exactly, I wish it would happen too. Lol
idk i was asking u if she does
bbq at a gluten free place? Some things are sacred. The red beans were tasty, as was my veg sandwich. will go back 4 pizza.
thank you, will follow!
Big order from yesterday - cannot wait until it arrives!
It won't work unless the phone is first jailbroken and then unlocked. It will reject the SIM.
New 30" monitor. Wow. It's as big as a car hood. Now I need a bigger office so I can sit further away from it.
same here! Then #graduation!!! I can't believe its over but it can't come soon enough!
RT : #StateRepresentative John Patrick Julien talks about creating #jobs at the District 104 #TownHall meeting.
Had mind blowing studio visits this past week w/artists Anthony Lepore & Joel Kyack!
#yolo is up there too
I can't fully tell by this pic, but I am loving this hair!
Did you know that 5% of online users buy their music from iTunes & Co. and the other 95% download it illegally...?
So excited to kick off my 21st birthday with and in Baltimore next weekend!!
Second day of malfunctioning AC at work + tornado watch for Fairfield County until 8pm = beer @ Irish pub in Stamford.
Up and coming jazz crooner from Detroit...
yeah we gotta change that lmao...errthang good on my end I can't complain I'm still Livin LOL how u been
Who's this bitch callin a hoe ? I'm not the one making out with 4 different girls in the locker rooms,
Ima try to get something done today.
Ugh my parents
yup :p
Hope your night was GREAT!
yep there's another presentation for Schnurr's class
Check out FOX59 News at 5:00 PM for Mr. Handyman James Furrer with co Anchor Scott Jones on site
Mr lonely
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what it is that they want” – Zig Ziglar
Dear snow, you're a little late, christmas is over.
That dangerous leap you take looking up new music.
DONE! I'm sincerely hoping to see and/or cause a fight tonight.
Your grumbles may or may not be for the same reason as mine. But I join in on general grumbling and add a giant bo!!
Getting my hood on!
good morning ppls.. how are ya??
Hey my friend long time no talk. Sounds like you are having a really bad day. :-( Hope it gets well.
I don't mind spending every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
in the end, i'll be fine.
Just ran the mile o; so tired ! >.<
Excited to work with again this year! Our #NikeProductCreationExperience kids are off to a great start w/the theme "Uniform of Youth"
How big? Not sure of your metric. How open? hosts a welcoming #Detroit Startup Drinks!
Spurs flags up on the ride! :)
#twinspotting , I love it. At least I didn't miss you.
Can't wait to hear the run-around on that one! #jesuswasgay ;)
It could be worse. They could play "The Final Countdown."
1 hour on the tractor...all is good! 3 hours on the weed-eater...all is painful! Seriously think it's time to invest in a DR Trimmer.
Excellent, I look forward to following your progress. Always interested in co's reinventing the wheel of publishing.
OH Hey!! DJ CYn at Brooklyn's Tavern at 930 Come Party!! No cover and sick specials Holla!!!
Damn beagle got KO-ed!!
Oh student government you make my life happy! Such a great team! :-D
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you aint happy with it
1,000 follower will get a very special present from the
I have seen them in concert more times than I can count, that concert was the best one!
If you haven't already, please go "like" the facebook! We can make it to 1,000 with your help! <3
for the love of all that's holy, i sure hope so
Happy Monday!!!!!!! Remember BETTER EVERYDAY!!!!!! See you at the STUDIO!
I understand that twitter is a long shot, but I'm looking for a room mate. Inquire within.
Thinking of your 'Why didn't my supervisor tell me' lament & how capable people actually ARE of articulating disciplinary norms...
I know haha what a crazy week! :P
Invitations almost all figured out! I'm so excited!!!!!!!!! My dress comes this week too!
Happy Birthday America!
Is it un-homo of me that i'm just now watching glee.......
i dont email eiters i only show on msn
will you hurry up already lol
Why in the hell do I have a Twitter account nobody cares what I think or say?
Hello Twitter!
will you ever come to australia? :) for your aussie mahomies like me? :) <3
Sunday morning sleep in
#ThankfulThursdayThought my coworker just said that "I am a wealth of Cleveland knowledge." Why thank you!
Why is it that with all the information available today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are? -Michael Gerber
Happy birthday, and thanks for pitch quotes, Charles Dickens! "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."
": Bring the beat in...."okay
Shameless on DVD. I've missed this show!
Thanks for making me cry, guys.
Idfk!!!! RT : what's wrong with it.
phone interview with soon. :)
Good Morning! I think I just went to sleep. Back up, busy day. Rainfall totals from NWB: Wx Office: 1.66" and Downtown: 1.85"
idk what is it to do down there
WRITERS - when you co-write always have your split sheet.
your 4sq tweet said you are at sony booth with 37 others but I think it meant 3700
B*TCH YOU SO "INDEPENDENT", BUY ME SOMETHING 2 EAT THEN!!! AND F*CK A #10 FROM MICKEY D'S..... I Want Lobster & Shrimp or
My new hobby is narrating Lucroys at bats in the voice of Droopy Dog.
after a 2 1/2 hour rain delay...The & Angels are underway on the Indians Radio Network.
I hate those man who's wearing a white t-shirt
RT : Thank you to everyone who attended the semis of "Return to Sender" at The Network One Act Festival!
yeah im bored
Colton just admitted to ripping off MN band Quietdrive's version of Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time.
Why are diapers like $10 bills? Because you have to change them.
Kill me
I'm flawless;)
What's everyone doing tonight?
oh, might have to make use of that! ;)
oh same but not from Georgia
have a great game #ravennation is behind ya!
we actually drink this frequently! It's quite tasty!
Shawty over there lookin badder den a bag of money .!
About to drop some knowledge on the COMM 351 class with - presenting on Greek Life is the easiest final I've ever had
All I sleep with now are his pjs :D
Wonderful! Congrats.
I think he could also but I like Headley and I hate Polanco
Obviously . Glad you get your Ke'Arra high for the day .
Twitter has transformed the peer review process for my students.
Build a studio and make beats all day!! RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?
If they are trying to portray they have a perfect relationship those don't exist.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
amen Chris rock!
I'm coming by tonight
we a see tonight then
That's like asking for favorite child. I'll go with Founders CBS though RT : What's your favorite brew?
My Mom Cooked Dinner ! # Bouuta GRUB!
They're different. Kohl-Riggs wasn't put on the ballot by the Dem Party like "fake" Dems were. Hard to easily describe the diff.
Do you provide childcare for your children's children? What are the pros and cons? Today at noon we're talking "Grannies as Nannies."
We are talking scariest books in our #CMLbookchat. What is your favorite chiller?
If you're interested in arts education: just launched a new blog re: the politics of arts ed in California. Want to contribute? Direct msg.
that damn groin, what will we talk about tonight?
i will only if you sign mine
We've seen some of your finest beers at the finest pubs on the East Coast as of late... : )
OMG, RTed &' tweeted you! #Jelious . I wish he noticed me /;
have a great Monday
I'm not perfect nor do I live my life to be, But before you decide to point your fingers at how I live my life, make sure your hands are cle
Almost 300 followers! :D
still time to get someone you love a gift card from Delicious Planet!! EZ breezy :)
It feels good to explore different things ...
Delaware kills the penalty. 2:50 left in the first, 2-0 Blue Hens
Well you should
Volunteers are here! Doors open in 24 minutes for Easter brunch for the homeless!
omg then my dreams would come true
I've never cried so hard in my life. Omg.
I miss Texas. I think that's why I'm kind of grumpy
It's the little things we did and the dumb things we laughed at, that makes me miss you.
#nowplaying Accordian by #Madvillan could have the most original/awesome beat ever
Used to take the bus now the boi boards jets
It's a hoody ,flip flop wearing kind of day :)
Weird that i love being in the car during thunderstorms? Lightning is fascinating.
25 More days goin mindless everyday and will stay mindless Team RayRay
please see my DM and text!!!
So these lil kids think they gonna be krisppy rockkn k swiss and uspa....(LAUGHING)
Lady Gaga tries too hard. Her act comes across as desperate for attention.
thanks! They are addictive yet make you feel good about eating a good-for-you snack.
I love my coworkers they really care about me.
Watching "Dr. Phil" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So much to do and I just got back from a conference..
I prefer the old school ones and faces...lol
what's the tailgating situation outside DSG Park without the Season Ticket VIP parking pass. Grills allowed?
RT : Hey all you library lovers! Write a love note to your library and send it to us in time for National Library...
where is everyone now?
not at sears I guess hahah I need to learn how to do this stuff myself!
:) I'm just kidding I love you :D
Django is great, not as mature. Advice? Build a quick CRUD app in both. Youll have to set both up, so will naturally like one more.
Porter Robinson tomorrow ! This weekends line up is soooper legit!
One smart Gooden play followed by one dumb one. At least they cancel out.
No class today!!! Bootcamp bound!
I remember one day I said I love you so much, that no matter how much you hurt me, I'll never walk away. Then one day you left.
That moment when you get into bed and your bed feels like the most comfortable thing ever>>>
Mo scares the shit out of me every April. One of these years, he really will be too old.
SPOILER ALERT: Hermione dies in childbirth and Harry Potter turns evil!
no flaming baseballs for me haha
Thanks for the interview about EMBARC. I am looking forward to the article!
JUSTIN JAGGERS, VEXAR DAVE, BROTHER DOUG & RIC CHETTER...if u love ANYTHING Memphis..love this...www.radio-memphis.com...This was made for U
Chairing the "Strategic Internal Comms in Government" conf. here in DC. So far great speakers from DOD, FDA, DHS & WA State
Haha! I like that! Good point! lol
haha go to bed loser 😊.. Before I come make u 😳
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness
June 26th cant come fast enough! Linkin Park's new album! My anticipation gets higher everyday!
I don't care the least bit about "Milwaukee day"
This mean if I beat a niggahz ass he will reach tha end 2012 before anybody else deathpunch
STOP jinxing us please!!!!
Police officers were expected to vote for a politician that gave them their job. Bribery, including for promotions, was also common.
I do that all day.they forgot s doc google ADNAN SAKLI SEC. Lehman Bro . Only doc they missed.
a wedding. That goobaloob. I'm changing the locks. That sucks you didn't get together! He did say he left you a msg.
Wait what?? RT I'm such a slacker I missed The First Word with I can't remember the last time that happened!
Omg so exicited for
c: just checking lolol
follow me i follow back:)
Once in a great while, the weather trumps all.
Well put! : RT Or as I like to say about any project "start as you mean to go on."
Neither do we. RT hitting someone is fun. Not hitting on someone.. that just makes you look stupid... idk what i'm saying.
Come to this Friday night to learn the line dance to Saddle Up Shawty in prep for Mikel Knight's performance on 6/15!
We going to the UWM vs. Butler game Thursday? I owe you ticket money, I can pay in Dukes dollar beers!
What, you mean you're all human beings with lives and responsibilities? Shut the front door! ;)
It so cool looking down my timeline and seeing that everyone I know had a poppin ass night. Hope everyone has a repeat tonight !!
I really don't want to be here if it means I have to deal with drama.
great you?
She gotta get fucked til she tired
there is only about 7 nillion people in the worl lol the is no 5 billion cars lol :p
submitted my new story for approval - "Released from the Bridge" (for mature audiences only)
I hate sneezing...
its is the most awesomest website ever(:
I would like to see Marlee Maitlin guest star as Abby's Mother.
Archer: Burt Reynolds + Pimm's Cup = Comedy gold!
YP groups allow them to donate their time vs just giving money. There are plenty of groups that have made a difference.
lol yea my phone died last night, couldn't find what it was, spooky lol
[4 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning. Houston Astros 4, Milwaukee Brewers 0
The rain brings out the #stupid in people...☔
Can you recommend some good books for my library card?
now ya know ya was the jump off if ya had gel shoes or light up shoes
omg u have no idea I've been waiting for this to come!
Why do I waste my time watching IU football?
what's going on!
S/O to check him out at DjLanta.com
My office decided to do a shoe off next week. Too many fab shoes in the office to not show them off. Guess who's going shoe shopping
haha oh yup I am right there with you on that awful orange team UT LOL!
nope. Wasn't there. :) twitter sarcasm. Heehee.
Yeah I left around 3:45...I told you yesterday I was leaving today!
Tamar Chansky: How to Overcome Performance Anxiety: Don't Think of It as a Performance: People aren't on the sidelines judging our li...
She was so hot in !!!
Electric Chapel!♫
YOU GO HOME YOU CRAZY CHILD
did you know the guy who got drafted?
Wearing a tucked-in shirt for like the 3rd time in years
Not even going to bother hoping and believing in these such false promises of yours. :p
Best things in life are nearest: Breath in your nostrils,light in your eyes,flowers at your feet,duties at your hand,path right just b4u.
“: Help us get more followers! RT this & 1 of u will b entered into a drawing to receive an ANA bracelet & 2 free stickers!!"
Thanks for the RT on our new print! :-)
Dinner tonight w/ Abbruzzi and I?
Screaming"ITS MY JAM" when our boys come on the radio-Kelly xoxo
Saw the whole thing from the start. Sorry I didn't record it guys
Going to the #movies to see john carter
Yee! also script reading!": I knew u were a cool dude, now it's official RT": Star Wars Marathon. yes :)"
long lost neighbor?
. Michigan State!
Thank you omer asik for blowing that win for us...
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself. - Will Rogers
i'll always love you too girl, and i can't wait to see you :)...soon, so soon!
follow back Lil dog
Raise A Child To The Best Of Your Ability.♥
hey follow back i need more followers
Happy Thanksgiving - Take time to count your blessings and to be nice to the dysfunctional family members and friends who are joining you.
Love it:)
Williams #SpriteSlam 360 off the glass
per WEEI, Will Middlebrooks' sister hit a HR at approx. the same time Will hit grand slam. She did so for UofTulsa Softball.
*** WARNING*** Get your business right n stay the hell outta mines:-)
Hello! 10-14 days is typical to Canada. But it can be more or less depending on several factors.
Note to self: there's a difference between "pathfinder due" and "pathfinder topic due"....
Wearing a romper to work = 10 min bathroom break
thank you. you rock!
so true!!
Money Isn't Everything, But It Sure Keeps The Kids In Touch.
The trailer for #Bully made me teary eyed. I will bawl if I watch that movie lol
whatever it is, it needs to be meaningful. Is there an incentive other than quality family time to promote?
My hips are completely out of line ! Have to wear a brace now D:
I'm envisioning a future where shaka goes to Illinois, gard to Nebraska, and in 4 years Brad Stevens to Wisconsin
RT ": West Coast, get ready for a mind-blowing season finale! #HIMYM #MagiciansCode"
It never fails, every time I come to Ohio I get sick.
Please RT this if u agree. needs to bring back and on #TheTalk. Send her a message w/me by RT this.
Remembering all those who lost their lives September 11, 2001. My thoughts and prayers are with their friends and families today.
yeah :) & you never text me!
Read Delirium by Lauren Oliver! So amazing. The first book could standalone in a sad way, but it's the 1st in a series.
RT : Other people are the reason why I'm not a people person.
Is it too soon to have my heart broken again by that damn good cup of joe? Maybe, but I'm a stronger person now. I can take it.
I still need to watch the movie, so just further incentive I guess. :)
Or renamed, perhaps.
You don't have to explain. It doesn't matter :3
DATS A SIGN OF INSECURITY NO DAT
I can hear my grandma say dont you dare cry, never wipe a tear lift your chin and let them air dry
Otto prolly smartest player they have. They will go farther then most ppl think. He is best def player
it's alright.. and I didn't want to eat Mexican with you and marc... ;)
Thanks: : thanks for your RT and keeping the community consistently informed, Robin & Amanda!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls and looks like work..Thomas Edison
#gsd = #gender and #sexuality diversity
what are you doing?
Just cause a girl doesn't rock high heels definitely doesn't mean she's frumpy! I never wear those uncomfortable things!
has. Some one ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)
And of course I'd do anything for her I'd search the moons of Endor I'd even walk naked through The deserts of Tatooine
RT : I want to sing along to rap music but they use the N-Word and I'm white.
If everyone would be as nice as the people who work at Whataburger, the world would be a better place
Duke Libraries must change its policies to stay open to community after 7pm. Time to not monitor, but to open up to our community.
"The Waiting" is money. Lyrics tie in perfect with game situation. At minimum they could go w/ Jeopardy theme!
RT Don't text, tweet or type on your phone while driving, please. Please RETWEET this.
p.s. I wanna do another busboys night before I leave since you won't be around edit-a-thon night :(
Tons of O's fans tweet during every Yankees game about how all Yankees fans are the most evil people in the world
Cake & Ice Cream! Oh yeah :)
Love it! Compost away!
Leaving a week of paradise. Goodbye ocean. On a flight with David Axelrod. P
RT : yeah bro, need some of your production for my compilation album i am recording with several artists.
congrats ! You've won a freezer full of !!
come down to LA, you know were putting in work for the #superbowl, jalapeno poppers wrapped in bacon!
Just knowing that i have no worries about tomorrow is a fucking relief!
haha yes I love it.
RT : At least Mitch Daniels is looking at the camera.
Dig your profile! J.Nighties are also eco-friendly.Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow! I've loved your photography ever since I moved to LA 10 years ago! Best wishes in 2012!!!
Technically the more Babbitt plays, the more we win. Think about it...
We're at the Redondo Beach Open House 'til 7PM. Swing by for an ice cold !
Unfortunately we will never know. Seems like #NFL extended olive branch to talk & #Saints players broke it & gave it back.
Even for a minimalist like me, moving sucks!
Can't believe how "Once Upon a Time" ended!
ya wif my bro hahaha lights just went back of phew
am I the only person in the house who is excited to get Rome on netflix? I think i am.
Teradata Announces National Merit Scholarship Winners for 2012
nailed me. Nailed me. Tip the cap. Im nodding off so bad. Eyes are pretty much closed
Have you ever tried the Zumba class at the LVAC?
GOOD MORNING ;D
Thus game is boring.
Los Angeles may be considered a car-centric town, but walking makes us a better city. The #Dodgers proved it tonight.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing. You never stop until you die.
Philly sold out so bad tonight.
scope out for next year?
definitely died a little inside today !
Wasn't Whitlock a Heat fan at the start of the season?
refs yinz suck!
whats on your instant netflix queue? need some additions!
For those of you who can't get enough #Avengers, the Disney animated series is quite good. Season 1 is on streaming now!
Come to think about it I had all the game back in day
what's a pedal board?
that's really just an equals sign in parentheses. :\
I came back from school and my sister said she have a gift for me.. she gave me a Movie i Wanted to see for AGES!
THE LAST FRIDAY OF 2011 AND THE GRIND IS STRONGER THAN EVER FALLING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
look's like it's time for a haircut!
Why is he starting up talking to me again? Theres a month left of school.
What do you do to relax? When I take a break, it's hard to switch the cabeza off so always looking for tips.
I'm pretty sure you just endorsed my listening to gangster rap while I work. Thanks!
Thanks for your time and support!
What does have to say about backlash over Mens Health 911 comments?
Love my
I can't add anyone to my equation;D
#GritAndBalls RT : That one hurts. Like Garnett's 28-14-5 in Game 6 wasn't enough of a kick in the teeth for Gearon and Co.
Queering #Asexuality Studies: Examining #Queer and #Trans Practices and Experiences in Virtual and Non-Virtual #Asexual Communities in
Thanks Andy!!!!
Linked Mofans page to twitter account and now testing.
Where do u work @?
Thank you for being inspirational to all of us women in the entertainment world. Your words go more than skin deep!
Why would you come up and ask why we use "bao" in our name if you know what baozi is... Lol
backyard + hammock + laptop + iced coffee = awesome.
When did David Beckham turn 60?
Nutella is also good with everything
RT : Next Universitas Wednesday May 9 at 6:00PM at the Columbus Museum of Art. "How To Change the World in 90 Minutes."
dats messed up , ill be mad myself
love that picture.
Watching Invictus w She says, " this is like Tiger Basketball - It brings us all together!"
WHATS GOOD DENVER
Prayers go out to the victims that were killed at the state fair. I pray for peace for the families.
Impressed by the amount of filler pieces Fox has at the ready for such a long delay today at Daytona..
what's wrong with it :(
thanks. Very busy. It'll have a better flow once we remodel. Have a great evening!
#CosmopolitanCollation means cookery from all parts of the globe: Germany, France, England, Spain, and New England.
My biggest Mistake was letting you inn to ma life .
RT : SOCIAL MONDAYS TONIGHT AT im not djing but i might be making a guest appearance drinking a sparkling water
Tea, pls! Coffee/tea/scones
Ok, I'm officially over hearing about this Tupak hologram thing.
When life gives you lemonade, add vodka (:
Hey hey, we have a few more spots so if you didn't register but would like to attend, come on down tomorrow &/or Sat. & you might get in!
let me know details... I'm interested :)
What do you think of this years Stanley cup playoffs so far? Any predictions on the finals?
Where r yhu from? I am from Las Vegas Nevada.
We've officially crashed the wantickets server.
Spring is here! Outdoor performances coming soon! Where would you like to see some ballet in NYC?
Ohh i feel bad for you :(
glad today is my last day on this project - back to being retired...lol
This is the last competition the originals will have together :[
RT : It's when your ethics are tested in any job, that you find out what kind of person you really are.
she'll do that
Whatever you do you will enjoy yourself! Wave northward to my hometown for me, about 40 miles up A1A.
Can their #1fan get a follow back? <3
Right now, i have zero motivation to study for finals
Woohoo! We're so excited for you!! =) RT 19 days 'till SPAIN! <3
Madonna needs to stop.
Had a great photo shoot today. Thanks Amanda! And thanks to Carolyn, our new wardrobe gal! Love the energy.
I don't have time to please everyone, I barley have enough time to please myself.
Speaking at the forum now.
Had the privilege of baptizing Soren Zide today. Also, of making breakfast for JE for Mother's Day.
idk but did u see the look on heathers face?
It's going down infront of McDonald's...
why it wouldn't be worthwhile.....
the only bean I miss comes in my burrito
I fucks wit it..
Siiigghhh. I'm bored. Going to gymnastics soon I can fianaly do my bhs
Today's the last day to "Like" us on PFP to be entered to win a $50 Peanut Free Planet Gift Certificate ~ www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Not going; will be working away and did not request pass. Want to take some pics for us? :)
Speak it Dr. Dyson.
Nice to see good people & genuine talent getting discovered on American Idol. We hope to give the same type of opportunity to you.
Of course! Followed x
Layin in my bed relaxing, thinkin to much. I want sum company...wheres my fat boi??
Just did my senior speech on legalizing marijuana.
The cost savings was def. an added bonus! RT : I love that I was able to switch and SAVE money!
Can I be the 3rd lead guitarist who just doesn't give a fuck about anything but anarchy & disorder?? (and bitches)
Happy mothers day to all Mothers out there may God be with each and everyone of you guys
Rain, Rain GO AWAY! Game room opens at noon today :)
I make beats bro. All types. Versatility. And I'm also tryna do som tapes. Gotta hella equip and tryna rock wit chicago artists
Don't be shocked if my next short story freatures something that sucks out spinal fluid.
I'm up now. Nigga lol
off to rehearsal #1 for NYVS May 13 concert. May 19::B Minor Mass.Then to Boston to record. 6/2: NYVS w orch.Then to Europe w NYVS for tour
which one u watchin....
Vegetarians eating all the animal's food!
I'm not a fan of feta cheese but I am actually, literally ceiling fan. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Maybe I shouldn't have RT'd that... now they're gonna know it came from me!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Hiring a QA in the northern suburbs that has 5+ years of Quality Center and experience writing and executing detailed test cases. iSeries e…
i bet you will fall asleep on me tonight
m true, oh well #YOLO x) plus it's an easy school. I hate my school cause I get stressed out -.-
Last night I dreamed that I met it was so beautiful I even hug him and it felt good(: I was wishing it never end. <3
Our co-founder recently taught a class on "How to Get A Meeting With Anyone." Who wants the cliff notes?
ah. Great idea. is tryin to get me to do Mtn man. (or was) the water is crazy cold though, right??
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
GRIND November Specialty Drink start today but we just don't have 1 Specialty Drink we have 2! Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha.
People Magazine wants to know who I'm rooting for in the SuperBowl. My answer: I don't give a crap!
New finding: Revenues from recurring gifts are rising at faster rate than one-time gifts.
Health reform webinar featuring Stan Dorn will be archived & available later in week online.
hashtags can be anything you want.
Make way high breed music
Am. So. Tired. RT Great this year!
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
“: Hearing I love you never gets old”
So where is the Tigers SID watch party? Dyers???
. This is so infuriating!
Maybe I should stay awake a little longer.
I know! #fizzyfamily is the best haha :D
just wait until we in them beachhouses where the sand is white and the water is blue
like though the phone???? Are they nice????
Snagged some good leads at Mass TLC event for our many openings at Well worth the time!
“: is it time to go i want tacos from ” lol
on environmental justice: The world we live in unsustainable because of how we use natural resources
It was so cool riding the ferry during #EarthHour. Opera House lights + the Sydney Harbour Bridge were off!
hotness counts more then bowling:-) Thank you for playing:-)
Trying to find the supposed Chick-Fil-A in the Batman building in downtown Nashville. swears it's here.
I wouldn't take comments made in a deposition as an authoritative statement of corporate strategy.
Love that idea!
I'm Okay Now :) I Was Just Having One Of My Moments :/ That's ALl :)
Our biggest downfall? Our biggest setback? Jealousy. Think about it.
Very true, which is why I get "territorial." If working with SME's, hopefully they collaborate.
Life is to be lived, not managed, and mankind is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Highly engaged workforce see three times operating margins increase.
Just passed by say Hi.
Omg haven't been on in forever! :) My friend told my crush I like him ah ohh well! :)
RT : MA ranks 6th in the nation in total jobs added last month (+9,100)
Sitting in traffic on I-35 on a Saturday.
Perfume Seven now offers shipping worldwide, email us for at for a quote.
proper attribute: Confucius. I'm pretty sure he said 'dick', too.
Melissa Esh excavates female adolescent sexual agency in Glee (but still problematic).
lol you're awesome man.
Dont miss out Saturday July 11 and July 12 at the Laredo Entertainment Center!
! You should fly up and come too
BA time last night. #UponHisFleshAllTheWay i love the GARARGE it makes my day and the lovely children there lawlz.haha "water" i love Aiylin
on family guy there acting like jews its funny as hell
Andrew you are the vice hipster. Notice the poll says which one is MORE hipster.
Luggage poetry.
Tijuana awaits me today! Full day of meetings. Hope everyone has a Happy Monday!
RT : Today, a hush of #Phillybrarians will meet at Taco Shop from 4-6pm for a talk, discussion & light networking.
Debt service is a critical issue in cities. I'd hate for Baltimore to be the next Harrisburg...
hope you have a good day as well
Titans are winning and tony stewart is runing in the top 5 at martinsville. Good day so far
when someone tells me they have gauges or want them I think they're referring to the speedometer, tachometer, and oil pressure gauge in cars
": from what I've been reading... you've impregnated a lot of girls with that first post." its true fredo
No better time to be at UK. did the "impossible". Shouts to for a amazing 4 years.
Adam, why are the Broncos interested in John Fox? Dude is 37-43 with only one winning season in the last five seasons.
Can't wait to use my gift card from #SDMNOHeartYourself for lunch at with ! Thanks :)
Rolling with the kids at dairy ashford roller rink
Good luck today to all the kids headed back to school.
if everyone in your family is healthy, you are truly rich! give them all a hug and a kiss and tell them how much you love them. :)
sorry my tweets have been so late to you!
OMG YOU JUST TWEETED ME!! WOW!!! I FEEL AWESOME!!! :) and that sounds so good! i want mac and cheese :)
U r the best thing that's ever been mine:)
thats great! call in and request us please!
So! Lol“: #Libra's have expensive taste.”
Turnover to start the game. Allow a bucket at the end of the a quarter. Not what you want when you're the road team. Lakers 23 Thunder 30.
Have watched a ton of football since moving to San Diego
Also Thx & We're huge in the moldings world these days, not so easy for modernists!
"Nazi" is a blocked search term, according to the school system filter. No idea why a history teacher would Google "Nazi"
lmaooo ikr. They need to teach him better comebacks tho
My eyes are like super glue, cant leave the tv hehehe.. and omg!! that straightner, was missed up :O
your an idiot... Lol
RT : Do you think Mike Woodson is the right guy for the job? (I like Woody...sure why not? Team needs a PG)
When you look for baked goods, do you actually read the labels? If it tastes good does it matter that it has artificial in it for coloring?
It's a storm outside, nd tha birds still got tha audacity to be annoyin as fuck. Y'all gay, hah.
Port of Oakland closed according to #occupyoakland protesters
What are the set times tonight? Thanks!!
Nice video! Hahahahahaha classic. Surprised that didn't happen to me a few times when I had the Celica.
Relay for Life is tonight! Haven't pulled an all-nighter for 2+ years! Ugh..need nap now!
What up King? Whats goin' on? I remember seeing you at the LES event with the kids.
Twelve years ago today I graduated from Today I celebrate my first Mother's Day. There will be toasting to both.
You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are. -Eckhart Tolle
Mike McCarthy was pawsitive DD was getting a 30.
at the airport. back to az!
no tix needed, but signing up helps!
How does a witch doctor ask a girl to dance ?'Voodoo like to dance with me ?'
wasnt medicine was it..
Ellen is the best lesbian in the world. She always seem so happy and positive. I wonder if she has a hard stud alter ego.
haha you want to fly them again?
This girl at my school posted a 13 pic on instagram I'm FREAKING OUT
(I agree!)
Anybody know where we can score some Koch? won't take our calls.
RT : Accepts/Regrets emails are on their way out. Check your speaker menu for the status of your submissions.
Though many are at the Tech Center, don't forget that Paley library is open 24 hours through Dec 16.
I'm down. How about Mondays at 10? LOL
I shouldn't have taken that nap...now I don't wanna go to my second class
Katrin, thanks for the mention!
Great hanging with you, Eric,Kim and the rest of the Fox News Gang. Big Daddy
you good down there i aint gotta cum down there to beat nun do i
Thanks for the lube job, Solved all my problems.
City Club tonight in SF!
#I dont get along with ppl anymore unless theyre my friends~*~
The only way they could be more inane. RT : I wonder if any Hollywood celebrities are on
haha, yes. Tread lightly.
thats what everyone says ha
follow me first and I will follow back
Lol RT : OH @ #PDX: "I hear they got some good restaurants in #Portland, and some fancy donut shop."
Oh. And I hope you do make it! They're really good live. :)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Dental Pics and most oral care products.
As soon as a man is cleansed from sin, he is clothed with praise to God. - Spurgeon
Wish I could watch. AT&T's truly craptastic wireless, however, prevents it. And I could REALLY use the diversion about now!
which of the answers won?
Who u got 2nite DUKE or UNC? Please make da right decision. LOL!
Well...guess I'll be home today too. Now JQ has a rash all over...to the doctor we go.
The first step to sanity is learning how to delegate some responsibility to other people.
wonder of this rt will up my #klouchebag score RT “: all!”
By the fire probably goin roast marshmallows!!!!
That was a fail of a study day.. Why do I have to get sick BEFORE finals week this semester?
That's it. Our night is complete. #foodiechats Yay!
Saw a girl use an inhaler at the gym. Brings me back
Yes please!
Focusing too much on the technology medium means you are missing the point: It's all about communication!
i look forward to the day when we look back and realize that our music meant something to someone. for now, it's for us. i get that.
I'm off all this shit. Later.
aww okay good. NO SAD BROOKES ALLOWED.
borrow a Davis 23 dress pants
19 Followers away from 300! Can we do it? I think so. (:
you should send me some pics!
All-Star Saturday draws its most viewers ever
So tempted to lay on this table and sun bathe.
Also, go check out our buddies in The Days The Nights at the Crystal Ballroom tonight. They are awesome guys, and they're new album rules!
i have a feeling im not getting any sleep tonight. lol thanks georgia . #loveyou!
and as of 20 min ago, I actually have somewhere for you guys to sleep!! there is a story
Um, what about Morna Hooker?
Do not be afraid of becoming the person you want to be and leaving a bit of the old self behind. A quote I like.
Yea man. I guess it's good we drafted 2 more d lineman this year.
The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of #StarTrek it's hard to top. 1/2
sorry we can't make it tonight! Stuck at work- Hope you guys have fun at Fire on Water!!
Cause there is nobody else , it's gotta be you , only you:)x
Reading about the #artprize top ten. Really don't think 4/10 return finalists will help w/ cred. And a second year of screwy voting, shame.
bill evans trio 'come rain or shine' is music to my ears
tomorrow is Harvey Milk Festival in #sarasota. We cannot play this year cuz of a schedule thing, but you should def go!
I don't know of a #GAFAF12 category for RT in 5 min. or that a DYD would be eligible, But if so you would win! Lol
I'm never gonna give you up... for Lent.
#wouldyou send me beautiful red roses and a box of the best chocolate for valentines since I'm you special one?
you crazy!
god he knows I'm trying shake it off
sure! Thank you!,you are so sweet!
I'm a hungry hippo -_______-
getting harassed by cops<<<
I gt jealous @ the smallest things mad at the simplest bored super fast annoyed easily i care to much & I forgive ppl tht shldnt be forgiven
“: I don't understand how mizzou didn't get a #1 seed. Top 5 team and won their conference." hell ya Josh Abbott!
It doesn't hurt to see you go, it's hurts to see you go without care
What do you guys think of "Delicious Things" as the name of my new cooking show? It'll give me an excuse to have gay porn stars assist!
What does "Wait, Wait" trash talk sound like? Do the panelists even do that?
#LiLoAlert - I got scared
If your an Arianator or a Jordanizer than you should follow
I MISS XAVIER OMG :( F!!kLove It Dies Out
Thanks for sharing our entry on the Appomattox Campaign!
I don't know..
somebody do zumba with me lol
Great, sprawling conversation on linked data/ crowdsourcing at
Sitting on strong town in traffic watching one hell of a lightshow love #thunder&lightning
Running sounds great! Inspiring! Haven't figured out how to work that in with my 4 littles at home...someday!
Exciting week.
Rob lowe is chilling in my congressional politics class
I'll try my best!
Spotted Cow on tap. Wisconsin has my heart.
Christian TV "Love" is another HIT from The D!
power is an addictive drug hard to stop using harder when its abused
revisiting George Siemens' work on Connectivism
Hoping Christina is kinder to Aretha than she was to Frances Scott Key.
(jen) I just pocket dialed from where I'm sitting... next to him.
haha we sure can haha his going in your closet for sure
#NASCAR should really teach a terminology course #neckterms might be a good name for it
Tryna tell me who I can and can't hang out with at prom. Hunny you're NOT anyone to tell me that!
I know stuff... What are you looking to do?
Nice to see #Wes Matthews is trending right... About time!
thank you for the RT!! xo
Real Estate- the buying opportunity of the decade.
YOU'RE THE REASON IM SO FUCKING HATEFUL.
like wen she was talking 2 her mom about Matt - She cared for Matt but, needed 2 set him free . She was setting Damon free
is more sure than ever that he wants to work in public/academic libraries...no special collections or archives for this one.
just called me "Poochka" >.<
- What Bitch ? ? QT : the road had got a lil rocky so I didn't know if I should or not.
Four jurors in Arevalos case will talk to media
My cat thinks my laptop is a toy. Try to write with the space bar missing.
So you know, I would have cracked skulls due to that gross oversight; had them comp. order; & furnish a Limo for trek home.
#BeliebersAreAllStupid...no babe, I think its more like, #HatersAreAllStupid. I mean, come on STFU.
you are awesome!! thank you for following :) xo
"I'm not afraid of Bloody Mary."
has written pages upon pages trying to rid you from my bones
The transformation of my house into a winter wonderland has begun.
neither. When they saw the hat. HA. Thought i was gone huh. Never
Who wants to try an all nighter ?
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
where you been?
Those who thirst for new life are satisfied; those who hunger for the living Word are filled! Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good.
I met Jack once! he's such a sweetie :)
Well I hope you get well soon.
Aaayyyoooooo!!!! BIG BLUE BABY! What a win 👍👌❤
I thought it was funny! My family weird anyway. Mom calls me at work one day to tell me that my favorite Grandma died.
My new vision of a good diet has become pork rinds, hot sauce, and goat cheese.
Been really good! Busy with clients and work, etc. You? Time to catch up! long time no talk. How have you been?
yes I did yu said so what !
Rochester - tell us what you are up to on this sunny Sunday. Don't have plans? Join us on the Sam Patch in Pittsford...
Sorry for the delay, but it was working fine for me. Are you still having problems acessing the page?
I Wanna Go To The Beach But No It's too Early! -__- It's Only 12:20 PM
Ha, good point.
watching it!!!!
Good show. Visited tonight. Loved the Porche, Camaro, and Antiques.
Have a great show.
"Does a small-town haunted house sound scary? / Add Don Knotts and it's pure hilarity!" (Tomorrow! 7:30 PM! Portage Theater!)
Shooting on the marina all day xox sun xox models xox
We will be closed today (Monday April 2). We will be open Tuesday for our regular hours. See you tomorrow! ;-)
yes we do ! hide and seek in like a 5 by 5 room ahaha(:
That's adorable! Orange is Briley's middle name. Literally. Yes, I literally named my son a color (family name, however).
Congratulations to my 1000th follower, ! For her loyalty, she receives 500 Davebucks and a Dave-designed make-it-yourself donut
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Adult Passes to !
