Good morning Twitter! Just thinking, remember when stupid people thought it was patriotic to call french fries, Freedom Fries?
i'm tired of doing everything alone. i want a life partner!
Just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm ugly. I chose to live a happy and free life without drama.
I signed you up for the pizza hut mailing list.
It's windy outside but it's calm inside the Cafe today. Take refuge.. have a moment to yourself and enjoy a beverage with us.
BEING SINGLE IS BETTER THEN BEING IN THE WRONG RELATIONSHIP.
Share my video please
Somewhere warm, but probably won't get to til August? Looking at a yoga retreat in Greece!
Ah, the smell of fluffy towels fresh off the fire escape.
People who have zero sense of humor
1 gram of protein for every pound of body weight. This is crucial for those of you who want to shapen those muscles.
WHAT?! Adam Yauch died?! Holy crap, no! No no no! ):
Haters hate that other people like something they don't like so they hate them because of the persons likes.
Does any News Media Junkies who enjoy following Current Events care to chat on here tonight? Send a Tweet!!
going try a different way. hey more info on the bylaw change re virtual membership please?
Nunn & Wantchekon on Africa: "Ubiquitous insecurity caused individuals to turn on others...kidnap, trick, and sell each other into slavery."
Happy b-day!
IU Jazz Combo concert tonight in Ford Hall at 8:30pm! David Linard Trio then Aaron Bannerman Group! Check us out!
SUCCESS BEGINS IN YOU! #Respect / #Achievement / #Individuality / #Self-Discipline / #Trustworthiness / #Courage /
Heard bohemian rhapsody on the radio today. So epic
hey , that's the same time the coffee maker starts
Yeah that Miniature Tigers album is rad! They're blowin up!
of course
did u see wat I put
My front door paint is peeling off! OWF got the remedies …
me too! it was in my car until I left town. they were the best of their musical cohort.
what an amazing opportunity! enjoy!
Suit skirt debacle this morning has a happy yet mysterious ending. The stain disappeared!
Nothing but fuglies at the club. Lol oh well that's why you have your girls! :)
Vacationing with a 3.5 year old is infinitely easier than vacations with any previous age.
Twitter recommended that I follow Kris Humphries, Big Boobs Big Tits and Merrill Lynch. What the hell have I been tweeting?
did you really? Good that's what im here for
yes. Fm TL
So there is like no point going to sleep. Guess coffee is the way to go
Our HP 12a laser printer cartridge is almost $20 cheaper that the big box stores. Call 404.629.5200 or email .
I just did a spinning move wit da fork
& somebody else its cuz im pregnant...i know its not that one lol
well don't come!!!
Combine intense desire with authentic purpose and you get unstoppable energy...
KNOCK'D OUT!
but it is sometimes fun to get on with a lot of people.
Ha! RT Taking 10 yo to see The Hunger Games. "Get to the arena!" is about to become "go to your room and stay there!"
No one talks to me or Rt's me anymore.
Now testifying: professor Dr. Alex Piquero #defendingchildhood task force
I wanna link yer #FLOSSTRADAMUS #YOUTUBE #VIDEO !!
Look at my horse, my horse is amazing!!!!!
took u forever to follow back "woman of God"
When will get their act 2gether & provide reliable transportation? Took over an hr this am when it shld take 25 mins.
Just watched Fringe on Hulu Plus.
RFT ": If you really knew me, you'd know that the Food Network is my favorite channel"
abby and I are going to defund leaf blowing at our apartment complex, thats allowed, right?
I really need to get out of bed.
I can't hear the word "Philanthropist" without thinking of Charlie from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Your avi makes my dick soft...
Was surprised when I looked at the time and saw it was only 1:53pm.
Human Dignity for Sale is about to go live..and premiere the closest thing to rap you're ever gonna hear from this show!
BREAK A LEG! Hope to see you!
On the job hunt... #austin let me know of any opportunities
We all have opportunities and talent bestowed upon us in this life, and the way we make our choices can bring about greatness. Seek now.
Md. Transportation Secretary Swaim-Staley to step down - Baltimore Sun (blog)
listen to mountain sound off their new album. It's awesome
Stiles has a kid. That's what the stuff is.
Today I discovered gifs for "Toddlers & Tiaras" and my world will never be the same again.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined
But this means my iPad2 will be out of date! Unacceptable!
There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service. Looking to buy or sell? Give me …
Yeah you better make me dinner.
The French Resistance GOAL HIS FOURTH ON THE YEAR BRILLIANT HEADER IN FRONT OF GOAL!
Up late can't sleep....
Can't wait for opening day!!
Wish life could stand still and I could take it slowly, and it would come slowly and I could drink it in.
Ese goofy is so cute ....i wouldnt tell him tho... Niggaz get the big head like nobodys business
I saw a hummingbird!
That club set is crazy #StreetfixFrance or #StreetFixItaly connect with
Bet the ad exec who passed on the Puppy Bowl is kicking himself. Go team Fluffy.
I only like toasted subs and subway does a poor job at that!
Log out of twitter. *Five minutes later* Bored, sign in to twitter.
I know, &Fanny Pak is like a classic ABDC crew and they just have no respect for anyone other than who they personally like
George Karl says he's top 10 PG's he's ever seen? Damn that says a lot.
Had a great talk today about cooling your building with chilled water coils as opposed to A/C... it's the little things.How do you go green?
Fabulous meal w/ ! Holiday cheer to & !
Dark Shadows and Avengers tonight aka my ass is numb
RT "when a person shows you who they are, believe them the FIRST time" ~Maya Angelou
Earthquakes, hurricanes and tornados, oh my!
About time someone ripped into , really hope they see this. #campaignforrealhistory , lets get this going!
#typingishard We ARE tailgate in the trailer stop by and say hi!!!
wait so how we were just talking about ronald jenkees.. he comes on my pandora ... lolol
BREAKING NEWS: AZ BLAMES ILLEGALS W/LEAFBLOWERS FOR THE RASH OF DUSTSTORMS
your lucky you didn't show up to class today.
Good FSM, am I ever grouchy today. Could chew steel.
oh believe me, i still found a way ;))
Dom Kennedy thought of me when it was made..... besides the drug parts =/
Pbworks.com...how bout using wikis for strategic planning and wordless.net for mind mapping our gestalts:)?
Wishing you sunshine, smiles and lots of energy today.
u gonna have a huge party for your 1st?? Live it up!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Please It Would Mean The World Please Vinny!<3 We Love You.Especially Me!
GoodMorning Have a ICONicDay 👌👊 keep making us ICONiacs Proud Tell your mom i said HappyMothersDay & she had 2 amazing Babie
people who cannot be held accountable for their (in)action(s), are, by default, not trustworthy. Choose friends wisely.
#2012 i heard today that by december 21 2012, there will be 6 planets lined up in the sky. if you look up now there are already 2 it so cool
you live in heaven?
My sister-in-law, a violinist, followed me recently on Twitter. I said, "Oh! you found my secret playground!"
melatonin my friend.
I was just quoted $2800 for our dog's MRI. Seems insanely high.
What goes up it must come back down
99 problems just came on your music thing and i have to say beezy is still about 98 of mine the other is you aren't home so..
did you talk to the cards pre game? They are playing like you are on the floor with them..
Writing about the Ghost Dance.
Everyone go and follow because he's awesome and a poop head ;3
You are beautiful! Rock ya body babe!!! :) :)
Am I the only one who has a dog that plays with their treats and then takes it to their kennel to eat lol
Having wine
But...You hate chocolate. I feel like I don't even know you anymore!
I'm here
Politics is the theater of the absurd
lol and I love u back honey bunch
Been Up All Night On
Our Executive Director lived in Santa Fe and misses it and NM. Take good care of it!
wonder if they have Jamez Anthony on
at the anime detriot rave :D
lol girl I fine seen some crazy shit! Big ass alligators...lizards...I had a ball, but it's a wrap!
Creating our new fan page. Visit us often for the latest news, updates and event info.
I have a foot fetish too, but he went so overboard. That's not healthy.
There's a little bit of devil in these angel eyes, im a little bit of heaven with a wild side. <3
Such a snob. The only way to eat ice cream is from the carton with a fork because all the spoons are dirty.
Today in 1996, Metallica hits #37 with "Until It Sleeps".
Tip: Drive your commute in the AM/PM before picking an apartment. SO glad I did!
I notice everything, I just don't say anything.
haha of course you do! :)
Either she's a really ugly ass girl. Or a man lol either way IT'S ugly!!
Nose vs. ear. Hm, which is worse?
Agree RT “: I bet if all the 24 hour news networks ceased broadcasting, all our lives would get incrementally better.”
Hey you came up on the episode of I just sat in on!
Fans of #GOBBluth rejoice! Our #ArtNouveau #ArrestedDevelopment shirt is only $10 Sat. 5/5 RETWEET for a chance to win a print!
it'd be funny if people stood on the street corners and waited for work, I think that'd be taking it too far
Aaaayo, Blue Dream over here.
Eating veggies doesn't have to be a struggle. Use different spices or low fat salad dressings to enjoy the healthy benefits!
I.had to log off Facebook it was getting distracting
The spa station is awesome if you just need background music. So is the Adele station. Just FYI. :)
I'm thinking that if the #whcd is the Oscars of politics, I might go into politics.
I think they are both full of shit. I will either vote Mourdock or write myself on the ballot.
No it isn't. Take a look at the historic democratic party and you have the answer.
Black Ops 2 keeps sounding better & better. It seems like they're really changing the campaign up.
JERSEY SHORE. PAULY D. Yah buddy
People in New Orleans- no sense in driving in 1 lane when you can drive in 2.
I learned to do it on my own so fuck who saying different
no problem
Keeping the wheels turning and gears grinding | Airman Online
Johnny Tsunami the full move on YouTube.
Hi Bill! How ya doin? It IS going to be a GREAT week!
I see graffiti as art. c:
Effin loser I thought u really had something to say
Bored? Get out and see at the right now! This great Reggae band starts soon with opening bands already onstage!
cream dream?
Spending day attending Investigative Reporting seminar at my alma mater #USC. Feels good to be taking classes at Annenberg!
RIP Beard...
Don't try to play chess with checkers pieces. Ur not equipped for this game.
Will do, I went ahead and I unfollowed u...sorry
I'm doing the same thing !
We're looking for a knockout vanilla buttercream icing recipe.
As long as none of them were rattails ;)RT : A3. Found some exceptionally bad hairstyles in #buenosaires...does that count?
It's amazing how quickly a collaborative relationship can turn into an "every man for themselves" situation.
Looking very fit and beautiful, Jelena.
party in the girls bathroom. ;)
That's what I'm talking about!
CBSSports.com has issued an apology and correction for publishing an unconfirmed report that former Penn State coach Joe Paterno had died.
Celebrating DITA Maryland Youth Ballet is offering FREE classes to new adult students. Five free classes TODAY! www.danceistheanswer.org
check the email & send me some
Come and trust in my words give me your heart back again, kiss my lips, touch my hand, give me a second chance.
Jim McKelvey co-founder of Square now on stage at
MT : Stop by Walgreens @ North Park! We're there until 3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests. BONUS: Fresh air & sunshine!
please follow me :D 25
appreciate that, thanks
RT : Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful #Soyuz launch! It was a beautiful sight.
that water felt great, omg
Twitter jus became the wave now, lol
It has been a fantastic week so far. Activity for IEPPal has exceeded our expectations. Thank you everyone for your support and patronage.
I can't even concentrate on my school work right now. Every time the #CNN reporter says #whitneyhouston is dead my heart skips a beat. 😢
What took you so long? It's been almost TWO hours!
better get your JITB in now, cause the nearest one to Coors Field is quite a drive
Meteor shower this weekend?! And a supermoon? (not even sure what that is yet.) yay.
Meetings, work, friends and family all weekend! And hopefully some pool worthy weather☀
Is it bad that I've had it stuck in my head for the last two hours…?
I was in it
says community needs = education broken, gov't polarizing, mounting debt, no jobs. Rise to meet & improve community.
Yes, or tagging... any examples of users adding descriptive data.
Thanks for the reminder my phone sucks with all ur lil rectangles -_-
He makes my day without a word being said.(:
LOL!!! what bout Forrest Kirby who recruited him. Lol
I love these guys:
Thinking about converting the garage to a state university this weekend but just wondering if can help with the road.
Behind every pretty girl lies a pack of haters.
I am sofa king
happy that it's *already* Wednesday and looking forward to a pizza date tonight!
re: inflatable, heck I still have to check every night to make sure. Doubt Kate will tell me if it's on or not.
you saying can't or won't on this situation?
Brady gets so many weak roughing the passer penalties.
I hear ya. That's my last grudge but I'm willing to go with it because I don't have a better idea. Good point about the theme song.
Very excited to be at the #election2012 social media forum at the National Constitution Center. Should be fun!
Hahaha! Try NOT to think about it. As a matter of fact, don't think about anything in a hotel room! Clorox wipe the remote!
Tehre R only a few gd reasons 4 a sleepless nite - & big success on a project is 1 of them (the other I cnt tweet abt ;-))
William Feather~ A hotel isnt like a home but its better than being a house guest.
Love how i have to go out soon, so my brother decides to take a 134858 hour shower. -____- #gtfo!
same place I worked at last summer there wasnt enough room to type that :p text me when you get a chance still congrates :)
Omg I'm so tired and my feet hurt....
yeahh she did! and asked me to spell eutopia or summink like that im like huh?! unfair :(
In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it,
Hey , doesn't look like XM's sexiest producer ?
Suck it up
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!
Being yourself isn't such a terrible idea
thank u!
Luv this from : If u had an extra $50-100 to spend on something that would make a big difference in your business what would u buy?
“: This bar smells like horse pee.”- did you leave the letter n off? cuz then it would make sense.
is in the midst of writing two international awards and recognition programs for client. Amazed by feted employees' ingenuity and creativi…
I had a blast. So glad you could make it.
If I recall, you don't get a quarter life crises until July...
Go Like my Favorite #WashingtonDC #metal band They need YOU now!
I'm dedicating #turntoyou to my mom because she raised me being a single mom <3
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
Sorry I missed this party! RT : You never know who you will run into at these joints. ;) (@ Stone Creek Coffee w/ )
Didnt make enough coffee to fill my cup. I mustve measured at the top of the meniscus instead of the bottom of the meniscus again. Dammit.
Good night everyone.
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
u can get plenty of double-denim pleasure down here in NC. NASCAR cntry loves their denim, esp of the vest variety
Thanks for the video and for playing last night - always appreciated!
So absolutely bored out of my mind
We havnt decided July drawing date so far... will announce the date soon
Just purchased my first pair of "online" prescription glasses. I'm wondering what I will get in the mail. 48 bucks for two pairs...hm
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed . ♥
I love Monday mornings, especially when it's pitch-black and pouring outside...
I'm might be going to the indianapolis show if there r M&Gs.
Re: ad-hoc scaling: No, I definitely haven't. You couldn't allow any "ad hoc" query. Many require large partial states in memory.
Pics from practice up on our tumblr
Will there be any bars in B-Town showing IU game tonight?
I need a office away from my office.
Definitely true. However, some contributors have donated max. to one candidate and $99.00 to the opponent(s).
*throws phone at wall* :)
I hate it when I feel like I need a person
Table booked
great seeing you!!!! Excited to hangout next time
Why's everyone quit following me :( so sadT.T
Making #glutenfree chocolate chip cookies for dessert tonight 's Friday Feast.
hate when that happens!!
- I definately forgot .
Join the conversation with hash tag #innotechatx “: What is the hash for this week's events?”
Definitely! Was a great time. I really enjoyed the topic you presented as well.
Grabbing a quick lunch with my new colleagues So far so good! ;)
Brogan can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 ? It would mean soo much to me<33
hows everyone doin??? www.vaffanculowear.com to come soon!!! wait till you see what we have in store!
I actually just woke up when I made this twitter :]
#whattheworlddonttalkabout why did they let Zimmerman out on bail for 150,000 dollars
Both print and digital archiving need up-to-date and granular metadata
I love you Miley!! You're a perfect girl!! I love your songs!! I'm a smiler with lovee!! ;)
"I don't think you learn how to act. You learn how to use your emotions and feelings"
today is retweet day..its all about the retweet baby
Dodge commercial was epic
Use code PTPA on the buy page for 20% discount through the holidays. Great gift from (grand) or parents.
Brad carried me around the store
she will I promise you baby
That awkward moment when you're taking a quiz and the teacher tells you everyone can hear your music...sorry I really get into One Direction
"Youre the hottest everybody knows"
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it!
Back to the casino!
you are forever my hero
Yesterday I saw and laughed a lot! So funny. Those guys together were awesome.
im coming up there on the 30th
I know I am bad about updating the show's fanpage...but I always update my page Donny Meacham
#TrueStory already got those on deck #Trust lol
#Modernfamily this is gonna be great
Rebuking the spirit of nervousness this morning with my beautiful wife in prayer. "Whom Shall We Fear But The Lord?"
Thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Thomas Hecht. R.I.P
Has the highway opened up yet I'm not tryna leave and get stuck in traffic
im good, thanx! The new location is deterring me, but I would like to see everyone. If a creative task does not consume me, im there
I'm so happy you're part of the WordPlaySound community. Your contribution is nothing less than profound, Adam.
RT : RT : Don't allow laziness, doubt, negativity, fear,stress or the past to rule your life! Move forward and LIVE!.
follow back??
thanks for tweeting about the Merk deal!!
Stopped for a drink, trying to pick Kentucky Derby winner. Stumped, I told the bartender, "I think I'll have another." I did. And it did!
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name. Andre Breton
Poor little tofu lobster
RT There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. - Author Unknown
Fun weekend
. Id take him on #dabears, as a #3 wr. Better than roy williams! We need a wr in the draft too, so dont hog em all!
get it?
it was 70 in Arizona today!!
mom and dad forgot to buy food for us. so they tried to pass of treats as our breakfast. We'll eat it of course but we are real mad at them!
#sadday and no one to text which makes everythign even worse.
it's convenient if you want to work with people in another time zone :)
just like their rap picks, they don't know what they talking about
Do not believe in anything simple because you have heard it; believe in it because you've experienced it.
If you ever have to stand trial for a crime, remember that your life is at the hands of 12 people not smart enough to get out of jury duty.
hi, I love you and you're perfect. Kbye<3
#Media – DM us for a full version of Prof. Mayer’s testimonial.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
New ownership Laurel Park & Pimlico racetrack may be better long term option for Maryland racing industry.
I dont sat yes i say bet ,ids cool o say koolaid ,ids nice i say dope .....just be and do u but i will never blend in wit this wack crowd.
Waitin for my dad :)
#itsClobberinTime <-- I'm proud of this trend.
I cannot call myself friends with somebody and we fucking the same nigga . I CAN'T !
What's your favorite restaurant on Fremont and why?
Do you think Jenna Bush Hager deserves to be a big news corespondent on The Today Show??
happy birthday to your mom penga!
I hate when everyone's posting about a twitter fight and I miss out because I don't follow the people
Craving that good good! Pun intended!
Given stiff competition for limited funds, how can we ensure that Mayor Bing will make children the priority?
need to go on a snipe hunt for smine
Customer "I didn't know washing down my house would make it look like it's been freshly painted" prices start $235 vegaspressurewashing.com
I got dat kinda money make a broke nigga bitter
I get when I drop a beer and open it anyway
This Boise St. v. Oregon game is officiating at its worst ... and they aren't even Pac-10 refs!
you are #ruthless and you are also #gnarly :)
Interesting that there's 33 dislikes for that video. Who could possibly dislike a penguin getting tickled? Evil, that's who.
I love it when I lose friends because they're a bitch.
how were your cheerleading tryouts?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1" 32GB Tablet (Gray, Refurbished)
whoa, that is amazing. i want in!
Almost done. So close. Yet I don't care enough to finish.
That awkward moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you."
great meeting you, too!
Can we get a slow clap for Gordon Bombay attorney-at-law?
Oh this my song ! Alicia Keys ; You Don't Know My Name.
I wanna start a fight
Yes. You cope with your pain and anger by mentally filing away and cataloguing each hurt, and burying your emotions with them
Ding! RT : I think grading the #NFL Draft is like grading the entire Space Shuttle mission just after it clears the launchpad
Then fell on top of the ladder when he hit bottom! Hell naw!
#Askbieber if his ass is still bleeding
Wondering who came up w/ #askacurator? Right up there with fake bacon.
Prayer releases the power and wisdom of God into a situation.
Peoples Choice Awards hosted by Queen Latifah! Live Wednesday!
#Moving anytime soon? We can help You out. Small Studio, Bedroom & 1 bedroom apartments usually cost only $210 to move in total!!!
lame! Create a new one. :)
An elephant? Fuck yeah I could take one of those in a fight.
#FF somewhere a cat is smiling for the camera
its impossible for religion to be correct considering the fact that theres a fuckin million of them and they all disagree
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked- Why is an attractive woman like you single? Because I fucking want to be.
The crazy, obsessed runner, ran out into the rain. Down came the rain and chased the runner in.
Call me a traditionalist, but I've got no interest in Pinterest.
Any #saa11 folks at the palomar coming to cocktails?
I just voted for #DAF11_SVeenhof at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
Don't Let Anyone Make You Feel Less Than Your Worth. :)
This Bitch Wanna Talk Shit But Her Adidas Leaning
Beautiful ball movement #GoSpursGo!!!
Felt nice not to have any worries, even if it was only for one night. Had the best one legged night possible with the best date,
It was awesome! Thanks again to for hosting! #StillTopOfTheTable “: how was the watch party?”
My family just dropped by! And they brought some great mom-made food! Yay!!!
I hope Alice took an umbrella on her way out West to work. :(
We took the last 2 weeks off to scour the west coast for pieces from our favorite 1960's American manufacturers: www.midcenturymobler.com
Durham, NC.
just read your fb status and did a little bit of lol'ing, if you will :)
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums. Peter De Vries (1910 – 1993) editor & novelist
Oh you fancy huh!
I will admit that i love ray rice. He's adorable. Happy birthday!
When it rains, it pours. :/
BIZARRELY Update!
ok, so I was half joking, but actually.. How cool would that be??
All it takes is a lack of testicles, really.
Did I see there are direct player vs. player battles now? Not random battles but actually challenging your friends?
Check out tweets from for coverage of MADRE partners at #UN panel in Geneva!
I know what this is about LMao !
My family from Arkansas coming next week >>>><<<
thank you boo ;)
Haha no news yet
that sucks r they long
I just bought some bad ass headphones! :D
Back to the northern climes.
"Fortune favors the prepared mind."
think far and away Brockers has the most potential of any DT in this class.
Might be even more awesome: Next week - Shawn McClain of Green Zebra, working with fresh blood.
Hey twitter
That is really vague. I hope you guys get some weird videos.
I wanna travel the world and enjoy life
Today is the Third Thursday Local Music Series at the Swan Cafe (Community Food Co-op) 6-8pm. FREE.
I give directions to a major highway by telling people to go past the teepee.
Props to #OKState! Make the #Big12 look good.
hey man, yeah I'll send it over as soon as we finish the mastering.
I see!!! I shuda put on my #hellokiffy jammas on hell!!! RT
is so cute it makes me sad :( cause i know we'll never be friends :\
you have issues... MAJOR Issues
seriously!? Don't you be getting my hopes up!
The 30 Rock Mama Mia episode is better.
I know those feels
RT : Come join us on the #Motorama LIVE Ultimate Summer Road Trip on the 2012 Hot Rod Power Tour Detroit to Dallas June 2nd-9th.
did you ever get confirmation on those Sounders tickets?
but it hurts):
this interview was not an explanation it was a opinion & attempt to argue an invalid argument.
Best veggie - Riverwest coop
Create an experience for an audition.don't get the lines perfect. Watch Russell Crowe's Screen Test for LA Confidential, see what I mean.
please tell me you got that weed from or those are the best MMC's in
sorry! Your job is more important then mine. Plus I have been working since 5am
So Rhetoric, it seems, is a craftsman of persuasive belief, not a craftsman of instructions regarding the just and unjust-Gorgias,Plato,455a
Hope you had a spectacular Birthday Ted!! :)
ouch. I'd rather not go there.
Thank you for the RTs and mentions
You're never a loser until you quit trying
I need some
Looks like the Vikings aren't going anywhere. Sorry Minnesota, you're going to remain Wisconsin's bitch.
Thanks for the follow elizabeth!
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Me an Lazy Mane rappin a damn 45 Minute Set! ... thursday night at the Highland Inn Ballroom ... 10:45 o clock
wonder if anyone got tix to Philly 10/30...couldn't get though...stil.l Temp out of stock.....sad =(
I'll ask.Our parents will probably have to talk a few more times before then though...
Two-thirds of people report that they fall in love with someone they've known for some time vs. someone that they just met
All I really want is to be a #StarCraft champ. My #zerg play can get me into #platinum but I'm still really week in some areas
On Monday, December 20th, SCAN will close at 6pm.
That was just my vote... ? *shrugs*
#nazizombies if u like RETWEET this!
Rock on! RT : Hey ladies! It's Friday and time to rock the world! WOOT!!!!
The sky is calm The stars are bright. What's better than to be in flight.. I'll relax my mind...... That's my s#!t!!!!
“Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.” Albert #Einstein born #onthisday in 1879.
don't believe you
happy birthday!
Thanks! You can thank (new co-founder) for the name :-).
Ride that wave Sweetness for it will carry you through the rough times. You are in an Oscar Winning Film...let that sink in.
Small town, big dreams
give us details when you have them! I want to show up lol.
Season 8!! Cmon mann! RT : 3 was my last. :(RT it's really weird how ur not on season 4 of
Im gonna make the best of it
good weekend I actually thought of you on Friday when I was coming home and I heared nature's crack
Wow! Now that's a nice gold ring.. talk about a successful Monday!
We represent Competitor Group for their NFL marathon initiative. Would love 2 talk 2 u about it. Sent couple of emails to ur gmail
hahaha hate when that happens
Thank You! You're not alone...
I keep passing out..
Thanks for all the RT love yesterday
Thank you. Just sent words to #GrandpaFred's pastor for the church service. More poetry in his last days than time to share.
Feelin great about whats next...... some feel good music!!
Thanks for the #ff, Paul! Have a great weekend.
When Someone talks to your crush >:O
That last tweet should be on a tshirt w/ my picture next to it. If i die tomorrow someone please do that for me, thanks.
Oh So exciting! We have so much in the pipeline for it and a good backlog of things ready to be read.
well I got there on time so ya lol
Don't get us wrong, we love Madge. But halftime is feeling more like an Activia commercial than a Bowlgasm.
A small setback for the opening but nothing I can't handle! So happy I have such amazing support!!
Damn caught in the rain..ugh
It's almost Thursday. Do your part.
You are making it so easy for me to hate you!
I want #ThurgoodMemories to trend in DC lol
To see Expose tonight, or not... Help me out, Tweeps!
O_o sweet RT : I want to knock her fake fucking teeth right out of her fucking head.
I seriously miss my boyfriend and it hasn't even been 30 mins since I last seen him -,-
I love you & miss you morer!! ♥♥
Hoes around my parts are just basic. But ey most of these dudes are too.
should pair well with the poutine & scotch egg
Nightmare For MF Global Customers: They Really Might Not Get Their Money Back via
": #BestFeelingEver Waking up and seeing you have more time to sleep."
"Look Sharp there barrel ass!"
I'll be in next Saturday's section, already filed and edited. We'll all there.
Thanks Ocean Voice London! That's right! Only 4 days left to get some great products/vitamin support from Ribbon Naturals!
last day
Blah its not easy
President Obama won 2008 by 9,549,105 votes & will win by MORE this time! GOP STILL have NOTHING to offer voters, no ideas or workable plan
IM NICKI MINAJ DAS WHO N I MAC DEM DUDES UP. BACK COUPES UP
#raw10 I dated a Woman 4 one day n broke up with Her. She came over 2 chill n tried on a pair of my Nikes, n they fit her. I wear a size 12!
Guess who they really want to play Whitney Houston in the movie about her life? I'll tell you at 4:10 ON
I'll likely make it to the mixer - not sure about dinner as have laptop work :)
“: hmm, #iphone or #android tough decision?!” -
Olive Oil to be named potential "SUPER ALT FUEL".......yeah right! Who's pocket will they be pulling money out of? It will never pass!!!!!!
RT : yeah I am... I can't use my organs in the grave << you're about to die?
you can do it!
You need to realize that he doesn’t care. And you never know, you could be missing out on someone who does.
#lsu defense might be getting tired, no offense = tired defense!
why aren't #tmux and #vim playing nicely?
let's see if they can come back
Listening to Alabama Shakes Hold on!
finding most people to be fairly agreeable today. not going to question it.
Why do you press the buttons on the remote harder when the batteries are low?
Nothing goes with a sunny day quite like #fireflycupcakes. Come out and see us!
If you could feature the best 10 Apps for education, what would they be?
who said Joshua was gay?
apparently not cause I have no idea what that is! lol! :P
"Behind every un trusting woman is some dumb ass nigga who taught her to be that way."
Oh yeah....and a little thing called Cinco De Mayo!!
In bed time on a Saturday night... What's up with me?!
Heather Mizeur: look at all these beautiful faces! Elected to exec committee of DNC. Sponsored resolution. "We are your base. #noKXL !"
At the movies.
I don't understand why they show poker on ESPN or Comcast Sportsnet. It's not even close to sport.
RIP Junior. One of the nicest guys I ever encountered in the locker room. Very sad, whether it's concussion-related or not.
s/o to for buying me this wicked cute skirt :]
Ah, then you may want to visit Sugar Maple or even when you are in Bay View. Great places.
Damn, you don't have [REGIONAL GROCERY STORE] in [DIFFERENT REGION]?
RT : RT : Happy birthday to my sis in law !!
was gonna send flowers to u at ur job but no address saw that u were havin a bad day
not cool Ashley, not cool 😔
Texas de Brazil with my mom
U know me bro... just working... heard u had some more good sales going on overseas... keep doing your thing bro...
Tevez i want hit that fucken jaw with my foot!
He is! We love him! :-) RT : I think is superman in your school! Lol
OH MY GOD WHAT HAVE YOU MADE ME BECOME!!!
San Diego St. hits desparation last shot and wins...
Ok I think I'm set
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Best Actress: #NataliePortman for #BlackSwan - No surprise. Looking forward to #JenniferLawrence future roles.
we need to do these: Audience Personas = age, gender, ethnicity, location, job, ed, online behavior, motivation, goals, etc.
The real mystery of #Alcatrazonfox is how the fat guy from Lost fits into detective Madsen's '68 Mustang Fastback
I am fucking amazed that some ppl just don't understand, you're supposed to return something you ask to borrow.
What better way to enjoy a Saturday night than watching the news? Two hours until I'm at the desk:)
COOL FUCK YOU
So I'm digitally recording the band concert and there's a legit manual tape recorder set up here... The guy said, "Here, listen to this."
We should totally! I'm super pumped and want to make sure to get the most out of it!
Damn Hank that's a flashback! Completely forgot that.
How much time have you devoted to #marketing your business today? Do you have a marketing system?
album art is taking shape
The announcers on YES are clowning Ozzie for his choice to bat swisher first when he was on the sox seems like it's always been questionable
obie crib. Txt me
get fired up like a smokin' gun
lo yes.AND NO SAGGING IS PERMITTED. o and my mom is putting me in a private school next year. .-.
I stay with the turtlenecks , fuzz . You should be worryin bout your friend's neck gettin SNAPPED !
Fearing God is constant awareness of his presence and consideration of what he may allow for your own good if you stray.
Memphis don't want to be GREAT! They finna be #GoneFishing LoL
It's the most beautifous, gorgeous day outside!
w/Get User name
How you manage to fit 4 cuss words in one sentence amuses me.
boogie on reggae women
u notice there's nomore features like that anymore I miss those 90's era listening 2 r&b with the girl u like long phone convo's
Come join us @ The Loft @ La Stanza in South Philly for another Great Networking event Guest Speakers You won't want to miss
Im so jealous of He saw Springsteen in concert.
"I've always thought Jewish women were the most beautiful women in the world" - Roger, Mad Men
Nick Cannon has me dying lol !
I love you to but your
You will be missed! RT Due to our moving, we aren't able to attend tomorrow's Little Italy Mercato. Apologies for any inconvenience!
I know we are here on the east coast.
I'm following you because you're funny and I need a good laugh every now and then. Keep those comments coming - no pressure..
We can help you out with that!
I know what ya mean, I've had knee replacement and now insurance Co won't even look at me. I was an Ironworker for 12 years.
this article focuses on a select sub-set of people/views. not everyone who prefers the city is rebelling or full of angst.
Merry Christmas babe<3 I love you so much<3
We offer hard money (private money) for commercial, construction, rehab, and development loans in 14 states. Eager to lend.
Just South. We thought BAA was hit. But Napoli rolled cell phone video just retweeted it.
Guitarist finger fasterDrummers hit it harderSingers do it louder and bassists do it deeper
It might have been worth a try.
and are coming over!!:)
Justin BROgue
but he's fine with Hart's hitting struggles in playoffs and his poor coverage in right?
Rent My Vacation Home Reports on New Rental Prices for 2012 - Seattle Post Intelligencer
we did it!! Yay!
12:13 am i magic now?
Skappleton MKE is TOMORROW NIGHT! Saturday, April 28th! LAST CHANCE FOR those cheap presale tickets! Don't wait! Come dance w us!
Then you shall never hold sway over Castle JuiceJointius again!!
assumption 2: relationship between the learning and the mentor Boettcher
Lol how does that happen? “ My instagram is broken !! :(”
#GiveObamaCreditfor... THe #Cubs Reliver Woes. Obama needed all the money that could have gone to get Johnathan Papelbon
me too lets talk about it
Very Very optimistic.
Froze my ass off for 16 innings and we lost......
When are you going to open your own shop?!
Oh YES!!! I saw that & swooned.
im good so tired long ass day lol whats good with you
Molly Rainford has such a beautiful voice <3
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's talented, excellent, and award-winning director !
I see u in Philly , trying to get those abs right maybe u can put me on a plan
And I don't know of a specific show, but check out in Riverwest!
I am so hungry after not eating 4 days straight. Thank GOD for chicken soup on my sore throat. Some say "yahoo he lost his voice". NOT NOT
Vacationing, cinema style.
Any designers or copywriters in Charlottesville, VA?
i'm in a bob dylan phase
awesome! I'll message you my number so we can figure something out!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways wanna cuddle...
great, love hearing of terrible people from my home town
Or is it worse that I don't have one now, and rely on Bootcamp?
little-known fact: joe johnson's middle name is joejohn
I am writing out our workouts right now :)
It's 1:30!!!! First 6 people to tell me who sings the song "Red Solo Cup," gets on our guestlist! GO!
The Demon Deacons are starting to get it going with 5:30 left in the half. WF 24 TT 18.
Many good thoughts and little prayers to Japan.
Yeah, I'm out of paper. I have to print out my prospectus and I'm out of paper. Right.
Creating a Real Estate blog for investors this week.
awww I'm so glad to be apart of this family! I love you justin!
Hi to & - look fwd to meeting you at #10XNYC!
#BeforeIdie I want to take heroic measures to save someone's life.
yes! We would love to try!
Wow, love this. Printed, reading, and archiving. :-) Thanks!
I used to think it was creepy that he was married to his sister. Then I was sad when he had cancer. I too need a life!
You write the paper with the data you have, not the data you wish you had.
The actors who played Seamus Finnegan, Dean Thomas, & Argus Filch in the Harry Potter movies were spotted last night at Citywalk.
ah me too!! :) love you more than life!!!
WE LOOKING FOR A DJ TO HOST OUR UPCOMING MIXTAPE
I hope the AP graders don't take off for derogatory language. I'm pretty sure I compared things to a "Jew" like 3 times.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. ;)
Busiest store at any mall...Apple. Stores are insanely crowded.
welcome to the US! stop by LA?
It's always a good day for a little #fro yo! Cake Batter anyone???
Don't know why he likes me........ I really don't know what to do!!!
It usually does :)
LMFAO!!! That wasn't meant 2 b funny but, DAMN! *Drops Head*
I will be holding a Neighborhood Town Hall meeting tonight at the Sherman Heights Community Center from 6:00-7:30pm. Everyone welcome.
heelllp...time is running up on me... Smh lol (thanks for the reminder J) lol
The is so beautiful it's the Sistine Chapel of comedy clubs, and I'm like Michelangelo's David because I perform nude.
Yeah I don't think they will let me drive the megabus, but I always try to sit closest to the front. Such a lame problem.
“ #GuysShould Text a girl, "Hey beautiful..." and you're already making her whole day "
at least 8 haha i'm good, how you been... you in Houston at all this summer?
Whole Foods would not last a year. Ask Yes Organic. Same store vol. lower total purchase sales than on the Hill.
Went Xmas shopping to Costco and made it out alive. Should at least get rewarded with a dog biscuit!
Chris Interview at Dinner Table - Connor
Don't Hate
Hahaha that made laugh he even said it!
Jus knocked out a 30 min meeting in 10 mins... Must effective/efficient meeting I've ever had...
Day 3 of the Boynton Beach rec clinic hosted by Pure Sports Group begins tonight at 6.
Two presentations today -___-
Wuzzup young genius?
Congrats. Enjoy your time at home.
So impressed that is already working up plans for Marisa Silver's novel coming in 2013. These people have it TOGETHER!
67% o: dang *High Five*
What the renal colic do you know how many ugly doctors there are out there with too much chest hair hanging out OH
oh gosh no!! Hahah I should've thought that out better
cool and nope just a movie haha :)
Happy Record Store Day! Please support indie music: We could all use help. Either buy our new record on wax or another indie artist's record
The realist on the rise!!
cant have success when worried about that kind of stuff. the successful remove distractions from their life so they prosper
#InMiddleSchool people complained if you were to fat....oops my bad I meant PHAT
Handy, dandy, economical and space saving - 4/1 t-shirt printer. Start small; earn big!
Long distance relationships aren't "impossible". It takes committment, <3 , and you both have to put effort in communicating
There is a fly in my bedroom and it is driving me crazy!!
thanks man!
an you post pics of the new ink?
Oh man... so sorry! and I have been with your guys for 2 years! I will think of something else. Thanks for the reply!
Where are my game stats?
oh you mean like the person he played on the show? What was so bad about him? :0
LOL they need to do work
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo
World History Tournament of Champions bracket releases today.
Minnesota lawmakers approve budget deal; governor's signature will end 20-day state shutdown.
Taking a Pepcid before bed to go ahead and get it over with before tomorrow morning. 💊😖
do you read many books?
I look forward to showing you around!
On to the next one
Just met the dude responsible for setting up bass nectars videos. I guess bass nectar is going to be utilizing my old motu.
Bout damn time a cracker found some strongs!
Haha what's the favor?
some kids should call their mother.
Yeah, good call. Great show too
Meh...maybe...but some people do need a punch in the face...no way around it!! LOL!
cinco de mayo!
Hello everyone! Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media f/The Commons and longtime #highered instructor and administrator.
woah what is that?!?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!!!!(: I WILL DO ANYTHING
momma in the kitchen cleaning up .
EME writers all doin' the happy dance...! RT : SHHH! I'm trying to look professional. #secretsquee!
fail guppy
Thanks for joining SaMoTech! Where did you hear about it?
3rd time through. Waiting for the office to clear out so I can get the volume to an appropriate level.
FauxNews is not NEWS at all & only those that have no brains watch it WOW, their viewers scare me w/their stupidity
Don't knock the squid ink until you try it. Eataly is a must stop if you're ever in NYC.
Valentine just needs not to call players out in Media and/or air the teams dirty laundry #Keep it in house! & win. it cures all
i really wanted to like this, but realized i'm not on facebook. but i whole heartedly agree.
TODAY is the last day to vote and be entered for a chance to win $1K. (For those of you who saw last nights post, sorry, I had my dates...
A diet is a penalty for exceeding the feed limit.
thee last thing i need is repeating the same story /:
In country, I'm a bigbigbig Keith Urban fan, since before he was well-known. Becoming a big fan of you, too! :)
be together? Lol am I missing something here?
I'd rather gouge my eyes out than listen to Coldplay. Lol
Who wants to go to the with me may 12?!?
In 2010, Americans threw away over 250 million tons of trash! What are YOU doing to reduce this number? Thanks for that stat!
I will def do so. Beginning today, I have stressed more "relationship" and "human" angle with #IACA parents/students.
David Peterson~ If you don't know what to do call the media and at least give the appearance of doing something.
on repeat since 3/27 when it was released.
thanks! They just have to be taken by a camera not a phone. Yearbook's rule not mine
Tonight an important Special: Hunger Hits Home. Tune in and follow
If u r a #nonprofit #board member willing to meet w #donors, ask questions & listen, then u r
#L1C4 = Lose One, Cry Forever
I couldn't tell you why either...
Is there a correlation between a blackout & broadcast in LA? Or is LA broadcast of Raiders predetermined? Thx!
Hi there to you too!
what do you think of mosquitos?
Nova +2 and hook. Good game and even better with the spread wiiner!
What type of project do you need completed for your home. My new 3D software can design and show you the new look before we start. Call me.
I'll have to get you on the next one.
&vanzetti: not only are we about to get executed (guilty or not), but now everything "different" = bad in the USA.
111 million Americans watched Sunday's #SuperBowl46. What did the other 2/3 of the country do during the game? That's a better question!
Anyone want to buy a black 64GB 3G/wifi iPad 2? I know someone who wants to sell.
lmao. its like the tin man from wizard of oz. you gotta keep it oiled and lubed carmena!
Can't wait to see tonight on #DWTS. watching my first season just for him!
Best line from "Margin Call," a terrific movie: "Explain it to me as if I were a young child or a golden retriever."
Just tried calling Sen. Patty Murray - both Seattle and DC lines are full. Has anyone gotten through lately to talk about PIPA w/ a staffer?
Why is it that I can't stop thinking about you .?
Join us TODAY 2 pm EST for #femlead chat! Mod on "Bridging the Global Divide in Higher Education"
So, yes, I'm a mess hahaha
#LetsBeBlunt selling drugs is not a real profession
Thanks for the RT
Can't wait to see all my friends tonight for our final celebration! I love what I do! And Austin and Fed Ex does too :)
I think I may have found our #honeymoon spot! Now I just have to pay and wait for April 1st to come!
Yikes! RT : Im always ON never OFF!!
but who would you trade?
#TRADHome yes! Can't wait to meet everyone!
speaking of which whn are we gonna do the killzone 3 branch cause ive been playin that a shit ton while sick
Why do people think so badly of single people, I think single people are the ones who have it easy.
Yayyyy now come visit me! Lol
Congress needs to stop interest rates on student loans from doubling in July! PLEASE!!!!!!!
It takes some getting used to.
No follow back?
Ah sleepiness ...hello bed
please follow she is you biggest fan!95
Thanks for listening luna!
Just throwing it out there, I'm readily available to replace Beadle on ESPN! Spread the word!
good point.
I appreciate the follow. #NowFollowing back!
Night dreams or ideas of what you want to do/be/experience?
“: Colin: I'm a Belieber....the kid's got talent! (HERD crew shutters)”
that's whats up!
It's about time I see Gasol.
Family is everything!!
Oh, by the way, Skyline is disgusting. LOL
yes sweating my salvadoran ass off, sleepover when I return! Your promised!
Not to worry. Stunt dog, stunt chicken. I saw her at the craft services table right after this scene chowing on birdfeed.
At chiropractor on roller table listening to Asking Alexandria <3
Tomorrow is the last day for parents to register their kids for Salvation Army’s Angel Tree Program at 1907 NW 38 St., at 6am.
Didn't know he was having that done. Glad everything went well!
Imma slap a bitch. Dead ass. Especially when im on my guyperiod, shhhh don't tell my bf we r thinking to fuck tonight
Valentine's Day Idea #387: Love notes scattered throughout the day. Add a little mystique by translating them in different languages...
Was hoping Michael Floyd would drop to the Bengals at 17.
It's LA nice. Go #Nuggets “: Forecast for Denver Thursday: sunny, 81 degrees. That's nice.”
Tyler, You Smell Like Dolphin Sneeze (: <3
RT Leaving for on Tuesday morning to shoot for in Albaquerque, NM
But I'll be honest, Bradley ranks up there to
just school
I'm so proud of , again. I've been having a lot of Rhoads moments. ONLY team to beat Oklahoma this year. Pinstripe Bowl, yeah!
I knew it! I knew it!
Haha you're welcome -- no doubt this was probably the worst year for the rivalry in recent memory
Wis Gov. Walker quietly signing more bills focusing on taking rights away from women and workers.
Hey, everyone... I was under the weather. Look forward to a post later this weekend. Thank you so much for your attention. :)
The Huffington Post Wins Its First Pulitzer Prize
who wants me To do the whole 20 things about me?? I need at least 10 YESs
Bout to buy a bb gun ...this shit is ridiculous
omg i saw xD
“: You all did a great job. #ravensnation is the best” sounds like it was an awesome time.
Never again...
We all live downstream. Wake up. - David Macauley
the search is over we can all go home now
UR DOCTOR SAID THAT!!!?? RUDE
Josh Hamilton can win the Preakness, but won't have enough endurance for the Belmont.
I hope.. I really hope wwe puts out a 3disc Goldust dvd set! I'm tired of reading your wiki over and over.
sounds like a great Friday night! Looking forward to seeing you tonight!
#NedsLineupThoughts Can I just option Omaha up here for the night?
Editing our new Green policy with pen and paper. I'm feeling a bit conflicted this morning.
Hey plz hit the follow button plz I'll give you a cookie if u do lol IDK well hit that button plz plz :):)
"Everyone gets a fair shot...everyone plays by the same rules. " Hellz yeah!
Woke up to folks lined up and down the sidewalk outside our apartment... Something going on today along Monroe in Madison?
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great weekend!
It's scissors to the hair lol
Today's "career model" looks more like it has throughout much of history: do lots of things, build skills, create new ways to earn a living.
Oh. Darn. lol. Lucky!
thanks! PHEW! That was a real nail biter. I'm so pleased with how many backers came to support!
Lovely lazy day - one week away from relaxation :)
If ever there was an argument to give a show a chance past the pilot, it's #Girls. is fearless, funny, and authentic.
You deserve a crown, bitch.
Being medically retired would have been the best choice. But he is being medically separated which is the next best option.
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryan
From Justin (12:10pm): Very few showers for the afternoon and more breaks in the clouds but high temps stay in the 50s.
When I was in NYC, some street seller convinced me to buy an "I <3 NY shirt" when I first washed it, it shrunk half its size
Just had a look at ebay...a few interesting items. Maybe one day...
Dinner at #cafe50s!
Goodnight lawlorffs <3 and remember #lawlorffsrule and we are all family. :)
bullsh*t talk at it's finest!!!
RT : RT if you have an iPhone , iPod, &/or iPad.
Time to figure this social media thing out with and
Happy #TravelTuesday to some of our favorite #Hawaii hotspots sure to see ProBowlers
1 oreo crushed/mixed in a white choc strawberry yogurt = heaven on earth! OMG!! Day 55 of Project 365- Happiness- this makes me VERY happy!!
15 more minutes(:
Hangin with the girls=] I hope tomorrow will be a better day!
A decade ago, no #toy #breeds were in the top ten popular breeds of the #AKC. Now there are three.
get subscribers on youtube D;
#WeCantBeFriendsIf you continuously brag, you make every single conversation all about you, and you act like a know-it-all
3rd and 29? Wyoming do you realize its time to step up and play?
SO DID I !! "Hi sweet little tick. Which of my vast collection of songs is tickling your fancy this morning?"
): a ballon just poped in my face ):
They paved paradise and put up a parking lot. Got in my car,tuned in to KTRU,nothing but feedback.Bummer City-Population:Me
This is my first tweet. Hello World.
Work plan involves redesigning Lot 3 exit.
you should be at Spring Retreat!
It's a grand ol' day
What about idea to fire newly hired "Social Networking" position? Asking for ideas without honest consideration is PR stunt!
#ogw Vasquez: Find a tech champion in govt, an early adopter.
that is so cute, you are lucky!
love the Clydesdales!
First of Friends of #Narcissus mtg at #FloridaAquarium right now. Group dedicated to preserving and promoting Civil War wreck USS Narcissus
Twitter is eHarmony for college athletes... seriously, make it a little more obvious.
yes! Vanilla on Sat (tried every flavor) and then Sprinkles today.
NO! They broke the internet. BtJunkie shut down :( RIP 2005-2012 *angrily shaking fist in air*
channeling - Gov Dayton and DFL leaders mad! Gov Dayton no like Vikings stadium deal! Gov Dayton and DFL leaders SMASH!
Work like they won't - so you can accomplish what they can't ~ Dwayne Johnson‏
Me either - my boss has a really nice I Mac and now must have one for my next desktop I think!
It was great talking to you Ms Irene! I hope to have another Skype Session with you soon! :)
great post - perfect q to ask of all that historical twitter data in the LOC (how "wicked" spreads westward from 3/2006 to now)
It's on once again... Come out and party with us and your friends at SUITE 301/Roof Top Lounge on Mill Ave tonight with DJ's AKSHEN & DBX
Hospital Worker Caught Having Sex with Drunk & Unconscious Patient -
Just been one of those days where an old high school friend tells you about her abortion then apologizes with nudie pics. #whatismylife?
#ABA conference update: planning on releasing more guidance on 408(b)(2) possibly in form of q&as
eagles training camp!!!!!!!!!
Which American born Black actor is best known for his portrayal in 19th Century productions of Othello? visit www.americanlegacymag.com
thanks! we really like what we see on your end too, especially as distributors! we are sure seattleites would love it too!
im just saying!
I don't think so.
Awesome game 4! #NBA #Knicks vs #Heat #Follow us if you love #Entertainment like this! #TeamFollowback (#Heat #Knicks)
Hey girl guess what you remember javon rite of coure u do will this morning he came to be and told me that emmuanel wants 2
it says my business blue card is eligible for membership rewards, but it won't let me sign up. help!
It's a great step in the right direction. I wonder how Paragraph 4 will play out?
"I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." ~ Thomas A. Edison
What are you waiting for..?
Pasting from Libre Office into Wordpress works flawlessly - not so with Google Docs
Someday the people we interact with won't matter. Some of them already don't.
No, I can't! At first, it was loud and clear and now it's nothing. Not good he had close to 500 in the room
so glad to hear! we agree -- is one in a million.
How can I fall, How can I fall, when you just won't give me reasons at all...
a search for the guy's name suggests that he's using electricity "in aid of medicine and in restoring suspended animation"
good and you ?
Awww the creatures!
and I would teach again in a heartbeat - if I had EITHER a good environment OR a good administration. I don't even need both. :P
A pessimist asks you if there is milk in the pitcher; an optimist asks you to pass the cream...Folk Saying.
cant wait til my stomach get bigger <3
thanks so much -- you really want it and we hope you enjoy it!
re: prev tweet, I know several WWC alums, & was always jealous of their experience. These WWC program changes make a good thing even better.
#boyfriend tune sounds pretty sick!( in a good way)
And I automatically assume the worst
you go!
did you just rediscover a twitter app on your phone? Nice to see you!
Ravens football!!!
#IDGAF , nobody puts fear in my heart .
u should Knw me better than that big head
#np High Regard - The Story So Far
Had a nightmare where I was forced to listen to an Adele song one time
Thanks so much Caprece!! RT : Happy Birthday !!! One year and counting...👏🎉👍
huff puff. I hate you gasp Jillian puff Michaels. too bad huff I like the results ugh so much.
we have girls sm, med, and L :)
Once I saw the new Cody video showing tweets I knew it would not be complete without one of tweets <3 #Congrats girl!
I need to learn how to fight like these agents on criminal minds.
Getting ready to go. Gotta finish setting up for Jeff & Patsy's anniversary party!
Darn good turnout for a primary, looks like students turned out too. But some urban areas *relatively* low.
Chevy is going to have some egg on their face if the apocalypse comes and their trucks don't survive.
Outta grease and right into the ice cream shop. It's been a long day and it Only gets longer -_-
It's the weekend...and a busy one at that. Let the sun shine!
Cortney Pitts Panola College TX (Juco) grad seeking next college to earn his bachelors degree
Weather will be NICE this weekend! I need to fit in some fun between all this work I need to do!
. Anytime! Love what you are doing for #womenintech! Looking forward to coming to #Baltimore in Oct!
Stopping at nothing, and doing what's in your heart, you know is right, ...means determination
Thanks, Santorum, we ought to pay attention to our own hemisphere more. How bout just our country more?
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
I gleaking love
Just got dogged on the pong table cause I don't have a partner
It got moved to Next week because this week they're showing Miley on it, again....
sweet! Rock out!
Congrats!!:) : I did not relize how much I would love doing this musical.
Stars for 2012! The new is officially out!
you know it. Proud of you. That's the year the commonwealth was born. Cats.
Yo she actually did it lmmao
"Would the boy you were be proud of the man you are?"
Hey #sschat teachers, start thinking now abt leading THIS session! RT : is someone going 2 lead a HW session @ #edcampss? :)
At least I won't have to wait in line for the software update! Whew!
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering, and it's all over much too soon. - Woody Allen
Thanks for sharing :)
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. —Albert Einstein
Happy VD! Don't get vd!!
Smh people play too much...lucky I laugh with it....no hate zone
list of guys who can pull off a Fedora: Timberlake, Mraz, Mars. That is all.
why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???
Thank you Erle for all of your support!
just getting more into this. So far, they've opted in on own. We're working on training options.
Cant wait to get an Upgrade!
Hope you had an awesome birthday yesterday!!
Heading over to #aam2012 to set up exhibit. Don't know what expect!
I know my beautiful women is gonna tear up the scene at her photo shoot today.
OUR CATS WOULD BE BFF'S
I knew it was gonna be her. Give her a kiss for me :) oh, those eyes are GORGEOUS
yea I heard it and rewinded a few time to see if you replied
what's up man? Have a nice Christmas?
I'm going too, yo
chillin in bed. Watching a movie(: you?
Now the poor homeless cats have to find a new home while the #NAMAS take place
Thanks all who came out last night, we had a great time rockin and rollin with ya!
Felt like I got a mild concussion in bjj yesterday.(headache, nausea) Loading up on fish oil, any other good brain supps?
I could really go for a #Starbucks right now.
or loves it. Another thing is falling asleep at 930pm right after eating! Lol
Your life is a gift. Embrace it
In nashville and spent almost three hours at the country music hall of fame. could have stayed longer if I hadn't gotten so hungry.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
that's because by phase 3, you're already "leaned" out and are burning more calories, so a bit more carbs are needed.
#iDislikeItWhen People get mad cause you not chasing they ass
just heard about it. the only reason anybody keeps a bb is for the keyboard and now they're phasing out???
I could link it with comment features, all contact information of government officials, live legislation database.
We're exited to have you on board! RT : Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Listening to reps from MIFF and NYLFF (who have both worked with ) talk about moving beyond film screening.
There should be a collective noun for many deadlines. A lot of crows = "a murder." That works: I am crushed by a murder of deadlines.
...and from special guest announcements, to kitchen patrol. What has two thumbs and does it all? ----> this guy <----
Happy October, everyone!!!
A lot of hate in my timeline towards Canelo, but Jesus the guy is only 21!! He will face tougher opponents.
Did you hear? We extended our $2 taco offerings to Thursdays as well! can't make it Tuesdays? Come on in on Thursdays!
You should work on getting the opportunity.
Steve Walker here, tune in to Generations 1023 to win a, $20 gift cert from the Cherry ave grill, tics to Oyster Fest, & lunch at TJ's Tav.
We danced and fell in love
Not sure what you think ought to improve but feel free to hit the feedback button on the page itself and tell us about it
Thank you, #AwkwardBlackGirl. Looking forward to January 12.
“ T2 people need to be transparent about their interests/goals/intentions #s4pm”
I see, thanks for the information.
the group in providing and not providing support was a non event and had avoided history.
Why does every rapper smoke weed???
what day is the concert boo?
Ditto! And now I know what to wear.
Lucroy is going into the last spring training game batting .491. Yes it's just spring training, but wow!
we have had good luck with Craigslist. Ike's stuff super cheap and fun stuff for not much more
Imma Make You My Bitch.
Sorry to all of those I may have sent "Start your own business messages" that aint me ! I am fixing it now!
Aww, thanks, Claire! I just gave my mother your book. XO!
I'm a fan of #PhilaUnion because they are a class act and a model organization.The charities and causes they support(cont)
Very excited to see and tonight. Hoping for appearances from and too!
Thanks for checkin' us out!
this thunder<<<
Good Luck to the boys back in Denver. Got to have another big weekend.
love it! stop by the registration table before you leave and say hi!
Thanks my love! Need to see you soon. Soon soon soon.
Listening to home version of Maximum Power Reading today. How fast can I read? We'll find out.
Holy shit, I guess I'm gonna have to hold off on that paper.
I'm sorry! :( but when I get back from the Washington trip, we'll hang out! Love you!!! (:
Library topic today- how can libraries at large universities connect with transfer students?
just made it in !
Daniel Handler's WHY WE BROKE UP has a sentence that is 330 words long. Is that a YA record?
Fun Fact 2: Anna Faris is from Baltimore. Anyone ever hear of the Idylwild Matron Society? Her mom was in it.
I went to a "Junior High School" and it didn't make any difference. It was still toats awk!
Red's my favorite color.
Thanks for the comment. The podcast is a way to keep productive and feeling positive during the 'between' times. God bless.
Does this article impart you some knowledge about leadership?
intriguing stubby finger? check! swears a lot? check! ergo: fantasy boyfriend
.. wonderous times now faded into the mists of unfeeling time. Gone the times mystrious, the huge engines, the trains, the people ..
It's just the beginning, I'm afraid. Pipe/slope skiers will be required to wear tighty whities in 2014.
is my bby sleep ?
heyy:) they need to plan a wedding date soon<333
Absolutely! It's all about Seattle Techno! Nothin but love for it!
L & G, A crowded subway is no place for sexual misconduct. If two adults want to get kinky, the 4 is empty past Bdfd Pk blvd 11p-3am
Just confirmed Alexander for the last three Fridays in Jan. Whahoo!!!
Everyone make sure to put in your tweets, thanks! RTv
if I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put you and I together.(;
- we will. she will get better in the name of Jesus. love ya.
All Gilbert & Sullivan would have needed to start steampunk is brass goggles.
If this was Myspace, would Tragic Culture be on your top 8?
I'm not falling for your type again..
Um, yes, I wld like to see some pics! Will do and XoXo to ur 2 men! Enjoy ur day @ home
We ♥ Maelstroms Altars The History of Hope Sheridan Avila Telling False Time Whale Tree Studios Kodiak Whale Wars Silence of Versailles :)
Why are you awake so early?
I would like to give a very special WOOF OUT to !
- Every game we play without Mike Miller I miss him more. Perfect glue guy for this team.
'And where does the newborn go from here? The net is vast and infinite.'
I swear Dora has more freedom then me and she's only 10?
Hi Carissa, public libraries purchase a license for copies of each title. For more information, please contact your library
She has plenty of #Ravens onesies all ready to go. I'll prob cave in and buy her a customized jersey at some point soon.
oh lord... My child's first pair of shoes will be cowboy boots (:
they were mice? or little people
Lurkin on that OKC will get you that kind of situation man.
Crazy butterflies in my tummy 😨
i have a present for you
“ #AMuslimNever Takes a shower.”
Bet i mite hit that then thx broRT Brooks YMCA out Gate Parkway got one, its free after 8 on a guest pass I think
hey deimont, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
ok this cryptic marketing thing is working on me at least. i'm so curious about
he doesn't love me ):
back four times and i believe that there is a possibility that that may have made that situation worse. im always afraid. im ...
Burning couches? Been there. Done that.
Can't wait to have you at our NYC Gala. It will be a wonderful night of inspiration
would a meat bell be made out of gyro meat? or shaved turkey?
Dennis the Menace, selling drugs out the back of an ice cream truck.
Stop, take me off your list.
Executive board meeting, getting ready for the 2010 events!
I'm really killing it!
Panesito con cafe from El Pavo Bakery... Who knew pavos made such good stuff?
Thanks -- <3 Fashion karma! " Welcome to Dewdrop! XO"
#aguyshould be a fucking guy and do what he wants.
Why Does Angelina Think She The Shit ?
It's beautiful out already! I don't work until tonight. Need to take advantage of the day! What patio is open?
Toastmasters will be at the Reservoir Hill Improvement Council Meeting tonight starting at 6:30pm. Send a PM and get RSVP info...
cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
Thank you Julie! We definitely enjoyed our run!
The Evergreen gets a lot of business from me on the Friday before the sermon.
Are u planning a party ,we got the best christian djs
RT if u have ever pretended the bath tub was a swimming pool when u wer young!!!
they dealt with controversy differently which speaks to the cultural differences evident in the museum's architecture.
What's up with all this "someone's talking bad about you" stuff??
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna meet the uncle of the chairman from #IronChefAmerica ;)
how u been
Inspired by my team's work on my newest venture and only non-profit, designed to stop human trafficking.
EP on itunes today. Get your copy of "Speakeasy". If your broke, steal the damn thing somehow, you need to hear this!!
Looking forward to #dctech meetup on Social Commerce tonight. looks like a great program:
Finally on spring break! LEGGOOO
Ok, I surrender. House of Leaves is freaking me out. I am very unsettled!
Will.i.am is known in 2012 as will.iPad
what is screencast?
did you find a few spare minutes to listen to that EP i gave you :)
scraps wood not b offended if u were 2 get him a gift 4 mothers day. especially if it's bacon (==) or biscuits (8=8)
Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/
So very true!
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca.sur
Rack cityy bitch ;*
RT : sidebar to Sox loss: Comeback of ex-Cub Jerome Williams, who is 8-1 with a 2.73 ERA as a starter after 3 years out of MLB.
Thanks for the follow Luis!
I love watching bro fights.
We're the Team You Can Trust! Follow on Twitter or like us on Facebook (News 8 WROC Rochester)!
don't want to write this paper
If the 'really big smile' is too difficult, try deflecting by stretching your arms wide & say "I am love". You're welcome! Tomorrow: Tootsie
They took turns at Becky. And there were 3 of them.
Reminder - the July CCM ride will depart Public Sq. at 7 PM. Please arrive 15-30mins early. More details coming very soon!
Something different
oh, true, good point
The Lakers are boring af to watch play at home -_-
your Awesome! =)
We are putting together the 2012 line-up for River Rhythms. Who would you like to see there?
