RT will be at the STARDOME in #Bham this weekend. SPREAD THE WORD
USC Writers Conference countdown. Join us in LA on April 20
good morning!
Thanks - For an season that almost didn't happen it was a fun 2011-2012!
Behind these doors lie broken promises scripted speeches meaningless pieces.
haha what you doing tomorrow?
Omg #TeamAdam has this!
JR should ve been out coach
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Ah!! I'm so jealous!! I want to go to that #Britney concert so bad!!
A mother deer and her baby had decided that my house is a good place to hang. Nice but she continues to eat my flowers I just planted.
Dude, come on… I can't even think about that without tearing up. Too mean.
Why do they even make middle seats on aircrafts?
need suggestions for a scripture verse related to kidney transplant--for a tattoo.
“: Oh...there's that 3rd commercial. was right...” Advertising GOLD
We are Launching our new sister company and brand March 1st!
doesn't matter! Who is the other random girl here?
#nfldraft I did not see that coming. Bradford is a great pick for the rams
reminds me of my Chinese friend...Ug Lee
well of course!
Bloody knuckles - off to buy a canvas stretcher.........
Im hitting a meltdown!
Wistfully recalling gin-champagne cocktails, friends, Molly's Cupcakes & , Talk about a couple with a boomin' system.
lol u're old too :o
Is Kyle playing live guitar hero in the gym this morning?
That is an interesting use case! I will be interested to see how that unfolds.
Hot 🔥 RT : i tend to shop in the guy section.
it's cold where I am @ I wud LUV hawaii!!! Blessings 2 U :)
enjoy getting your butts kicked. By everyone.
Searching reduced to transaction costs: searching, identifying owner, negotiating a license. A system can cut these costs.
Thanks for the autograph and the great season! Do you know Billy Cundiff? I hope he's doing ok.
Pats just traded the 28 pick...shock. Just take Bowers
:) Love it! Good lock!
Welcoming all of the new #GeorgetownCCT students today! Starting the morning in #Riggs library with introductions and a welcome.
RT : "To take a life when a life has been lost is revenge, not justice." --Desmond Tutu This is true in GA and Texas cases.
idea hot houses... could it be a white board for ideas?
Just think of all the sequels you'd be able to make. I'm seeing dollar signs.
Sex & The City was the prequel for The Golden Girls
I have been officially gifted mocos, great! :/
DONT WISH IT WAS EASIER,WISH YOU WERE BETTER
Teams shuld embrace fans coming to stadium..even at cheap prices. Turn them into brand advocates while there
Theres no stopping us right now. I feel so close to you right now.
Dude! How's the #bigapple ?
Dont SMH me after I SMH at you. It doesn't work like that.
Free music-train rides-petting zoo-hot drinks & prizes! "Connect W/ Christmas" Sunday 5:30 to 7pm. @ 1st Baptist West Abq- Golf Course Rd!
thanks for the RTs for our Monday, April 23 reading at Shrine!
i plan on wearing nothing tomorrow like i am now, wait what?
I just realized that i put in an 8+ hr day today...and it was my day off. At least yesterday was full of unplanned zero pressure fun!
I love that can sing What Makes You Beautiful & know all the words:) #perfectguy we can jam to 1D together maybe?<3 ;)
lies. you be tellin lies. can't even name one. ;)
That's bull shit. American Idol is rigged. Phillip should NOT be in the finale. Still really glad Jessica made it though!
by my 48th I want to be ripped and lean any suggestions on how???
Ok, who's hungover?
Alberta Street closes at 6 pm for Hands, feet, tables, carts, EVERYTHING off the street until 5!
Oops sorry I'm in Alabama for the 12th Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
We love they are one of the artists that appearl on Cellar Door Records Volume I.
Nope, got an interview at target later this month but honestly its with out a doubt in my mind, time to start hustlin, FOR REAL
happy mothers day!!!
Guest list: divide it in 3s: 1st those who will attend, 2nd those likely not to, 3rd those who might. This helps figuring #s early.
I'm not sure if I would have made any significant changes, but there's value in inviting the feedback.
I was indeed full of profound sorrow.
Right so I've gotten to the point where I'm putting reminders for everything in my phone >.>
These girls are talking about engagement rings... In waiting on my next drink... What the fuck is wrong with these bitches
I have to pee but I don't feel like moving
Tyga Ft. Drake- still got it feeling this ish
yea & I think its good all that happened cuz it proves that no matter what life throws at us we will always be friends
This #Donatos has had to remake 3 straight pick-up orders. Their stock is falling quicker than Colt McCoy's (& Pepsi Clear's).
I know, sorry, it was linked from Facebook. How are you doing?
No foul????? Lol at Jordan hill tho
On an unrelated side note: how to get one of those nifty EMP buttons?
TY for the follow!
good morning to you there in Ontario!
#WorstRapLineEver "you got me kinda hot, but I ain't sweatin through- steamin like a pot full of vegetables"
VHA has their own research outfits: HERC, NEPEC, SMITREC. You can also go to doctors affiliated with VA and med schools
wanna send my love out to my friend Mikey Jay who is ill at the moment. i hope you make a speedy recovery. God Bless. -_- smh
I love fruit!
we can meet up one of these days at Alley Katz.
Can I please go with you?? :'(
So many excuses!
Working hard to do this final. Trying to be a #scholar let's get er done
I really do not like shopping a non organic grocery stores
#BobbiBrown is pretty legit #EC2012 #ECgrad getting her doctorate and stuff
ant trying 2 hurt u
Do you still go to the MMNG lunches at Maxim's? I have an application I want to turn in. When is the next meeting?
“When you’re in a slump, you’re not in for much fun. Unslumping yourself is not easily done.” - Dr. Seuss
I write so that we all can feel, empowered to live a healthy ideal. So keep going back to exercise and oatmeal!
Lalalalala.... driving... bored... 30 miles to go
With sam
Thanks for the support, guys!!! :)
The thought of the president hangin out in #THEVALLEY is very odd to me.mybe my mom'l stop by cloones house and drop of her famed baked ziti
I've been at work all day so just getting caught up now. Wow, that's a huge line in the sand.
Picked up an entire bookshelf of free books - good ones.
La Fiesta Hispana was great fun! Lot's of dancing! Great food! Thanks to Neto Peraza, Maui Rumba and of course, Smile Brazil!
did you see the picture of the benevolent women of the Order of the Moose? I don't know who they are but I want to be one.
While your reputation is merely what others think you are ..
January 30th Art Workshop has been cancelled due to weather. A mini-workshop will be held on February 6th.
yes. After Sunday talk to doug and he can work out details. He's in Seattle w me till Sunday. :)
I low key miss my days at regal.
Team WATF splits our double header today. Comeback win over TAC! Comeback against SED falls just short as they score on a hailmary!
well, yeah - #pdxtst and conf hash tags
Disney Hall's whole "dont take pictures" thing doesnt do much more than give their ushers some exercise.
finally u tell. Da truth LOL
And the commercial for Atkins has a spokesperson "Cheryl Lynn". Creepy because that's my name.
yeah im so gunna miss you girl
: Romney says you vote for him because he's "someone who's lived in the real streets of America.- Home Boy has NO street cred!
200th tweet goes out too.. <3 love you guys! (:
Why do ppl sub tweet there "friends"??? That's why I have a lot of Acquaintances and handful of "friends"
thank u xoxoxo
Huh? don't say anything out loud "mom" but what's a #TPS HA! =D
Me Too!! I wish i could meet all of them.
Praying for u all as you celebrate Pastor Larry's dad's life. Blessings!
i'm doing my final on you, because we had to chose an art & artist, your flickr is great.
Having coffee with my windows open enjoying the sounds of the rain and thunder. Ready for a relaxing day before my gig with KYT tonight..
Mike Stern Ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
What SONG describes how YOU feel right NOW?
Good night! Today ‘Abdu’l-Bahá laid the cornerstone for America’s first Bahá’í house of worship.
Dad: "You not fast or nun are ya? " Me: "Aww yeah daddy, they be settin my shit oouuuttt ! -____-
. the dog days are over, my friend.
"I believe your development project will be the 1st to come to our city w/out guns. It will give people a new idea." -a Ramadi Dr.
I'm hoping to get in a fourth viewing of #Avengers before the weekend.
The neighbor's perfectly ripe mango, hanging over the sidewalk, is taunting me, taunting me....
Up at 4:30 this morning... Does not help the creative juices flow! Oh well, we all have our burdens to bear, mine will be droopy eyes! :)
I understand.
my amazing drawing of a rhino....
Why yes, I would like a cowboy for my birthday. #maybe #hesacutie ;)
#RedSox get the win tonight against the Yanks- they will remain in first even if they do not get the win tomorrow. Sox are now 11-3 vs. NY.
haha the only reason I half believed her was that she was hanging out with you
breakfast menu highlighted on with for New Food Hot Spots in #SanDiego! ...And my photo made it on TV. Woohoo!
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday
WOAH!! New followers?! #yes Have you liked our FB page? Go do that. We are getting up to 250. Let's do this turtles!
Must return to
watch aaron.tv
I hate that Facebook doesn't show my iPhone Emoji's. It makes my comments less adorable
Lead by example? Mentor as many kids and families you encounter? Support those already doing things: &
#lastweekofschool finally!!! Come on summer!
Twisted Tap tonight Bowling Green!
can you email me your contact info at ? Would like to talk about doing a story on you. thx!
Told you man :P They're not going down without a fight.
Osu lacrosse announcer, "the guys like their stick strong."
do you think teams will start taking out starting qb sooner in blowouts to avoid injury? Seems like in today's nfl they should.
do you have to ask? Just say when!!!
Madison Microwave is heating up in big time fashion.
What?! Where?
ok cool I'll listen and give you a shout if we fucking with them
#BrewersIBelieve Let's here it for the Crew
In the corner on the way out.
Yea girl! i didn't know that was your church! I was there last year too! Looking fwd to it!
I can't believe it's already February!! Bring on the loving heart month! :)
I had the cucumber gazpacho at Rm 11 last night . It was awesome, don't miss it!
sex is always better wen theirs feelings involved
Working on the Line Please web interface to help you enter your lines in faster!
Im pretty good at it(:
#mydumbinjury in highschool i tried ironing clothes, on my bed & decided to sit down the iron fell and slid off my whole leg...burned
Please don't go insane, I like the crazy twitter in you, not sure about how insanity twitter would work.
me to! I would rather him just stay the high school musical version of himself haha!
JRHS Girls & Boys Varsity teams both beat Cosby last nite 2 maintain 1st place status. 2 vry exciting games & I made it 2 C both!
Who wants free food and a free work out after??
Happy Veterans Day! To all the Vets in Knoxville, Vets in Sonora and all over the world! Especially my dad! Can't thank you guys enough!!
☼ Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. Lily Tomlin
On that Jagged Edge this mornin'
Thank you for the support, im loving it
A1: I came into our marriage with two beautiful daughters!!
"do you miss your cowboy boots in the summer?"
looking for a man online. hm
get better little one!
I'm just teasing you! See you tomorrow!
Last night I was going to give up and resign to living in suburbia forever... Then a re-charged agent called! ;)
SHE WILL BE LOVED.
Without passion, life is nothing.
Benefit of leaving at 3 today, no traffic in Atlanta, at all!
Will do! Hydrating & Carbo loading today!
": I tell it how it is, not how it might be."
***Wanted*** Engine & Animation Programmers (All Levels) - For more information contact .uk
Kokomo bound with the one and only 🏁
Missing Australian Cattle Dog "Harley". Last seen Wed nite @ Esplanade. Black w brown markings/50lbs. Reward. Tweet w/ news
RT : Oil drillers in Baldwin Hills have rights going back to the 1920s and they're not about to be displaced:...
"It kinda looks just like you.. Mixed with Zach Galifianakis."
Happy you liked it!
Just wanted to tell everyone that I want the best for everyone
Our country as a whole is disgusting to see in a bathing suit, but we have highlighters! Laziness, poor diet, attitude, wow.
Chris Davis and Cody Ross, platinum sombreros, and Davis warming up for possible pitching appearance in 16th...
sorry kinda late but i still gots flyers for you ! for , lmk
When a guy makes your happiness a priority >>>>
One of the #50ThingsILove is definitely a good pedicure and a nice bikini wax!
Can't wait to see the on-line handout for NPO board presidents by
RT is throwing an awesome FALL FORMAL w/ live acts, art, music, movies!
Guess what? Dirty's Laundry earrings are now available at ! Badass! All pairs on sale there are just $7 a piece! SCORE!
Romney: "I certainly don’t believe that I thought the fellow was homosexual." No, you thought he was small, weak and a target.
But MAN do I want a library, and giant windows everywhere, and a HUGE kitchen
2) Harry taught me to do whatever makes me happy… no matter what people think.
How was everyone's weekend?
totally want to get diablo 3, and sell items for real money in the AH!!
Watching jack white now.
when was the last time this occured...had to be the Whitey days with Willie and Ozzie
EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS HERE WE COME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you like sports especially basketball.
"Danny Ainge, I gotta get you on Weight Watchers." - Charles Barkley
The #tilsonthomas Thomashevskies are on #PBS tonight. Yiddish theater in the US. Charming, interesting. His grandmother was lovely.
Orientation Time =9 pass the Spring Rolls
Weather in Walt Disney World.... 68°F | °C Current: Sunny Wind: NE at 4 mph Humidity: 82%
Looking forward to our weekend getaway in
Jhigh got the best sex in town..#download a free copy today lol
SO thankful for wonderful opportunites that don't come along every day. I need to learn to take the bull by the horns a little more...
why the hell is there lightning!?
By the first of June Its bout to b hot as hell there -_-
Good afternoon! Please visit us on the web at www.rx2you.com for assistance with your medication.
#sdmayornp has a lot of written plans just referred to his 110 page affordable housing plan
#LMA12 Stop by booth 301 and say hello to some of the Moiré peeps! - see you all tonight!
Come on #REDS!
this is unreal. fuck.
Manhood. RT : It's raining verging on snowing in Columbus today. As he left #Crew96 practice, Jeff Cunningham did so on a bike.
Morning Boston :) How is everyone today?
Setting my alarm was a waist bcuz I'm still up.
stressful as shit
r u there??
yep, I got it. Will follow up shortly
they are both sold out.
Watching MTV world stage Malaysia..I love Bill's new hairstyle!!!♥
Note to self: Don't read email while watching a bball game live. Apparently just missed a monster dunk. Whole gym going nuts
Movie recommendation is Robert Downey Jr in "Tropic Thunder"
plus boo cooks and keeps me happy but right now she ain't answering the phone
Feelin like I need anothA nap
“: If there wasnt a fence to keep condit in he would of ran all the way back to new mexico. #209bitch”. BUT THERE IS A FENCE
"The mind, once expanded to the dimensions of larger ideas, never returns to its original size." — Oliver Wendell Holmes
While I'm alert/away from my thesis, a question: if I held a tea party on a random Tuesday morning in July, would people want to join in?
Sarah Palin's doc "The Undefeated" came out last weekend. Was defeated by Page One. That's got to hurt.
Waking up alone and destitute may be a horrible feeling... but not waking up is worse ~
Giffords and her husband Mark; Giffords looking strong and warm; Mark looking moved.
i would love to receive a tweet from
RT Is not this something more than fantasy?
forreals !!! RT : So many FAKE profiles -.-
I am not -- , though some of the team may be! :)
Happy Easter everyone
nobody sent me the "hulu" memo.
Nice day out, too bad work has to go and ruin it
Is you professional life evaporating your personal life? Fight #information overload. See our blog
Side chicks are always hoe chicks
I know, sometimes gets a little homesick. You guys taking care of him? Raisinets and pretzels should do the trick.
Having something in common could be a problem because you're to much alike!!
Good job..
ahh not too long well I'm buying my house in three weeks so ur invited to Party anytime!!
Spring is in the air and Cherry Blossoms are everywhere! Enjoy our $6 specialty Cherry Blossom cocktail, pairs awesome w/our cherry tart!
YES. RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked: Can you do me a favor?
At the sasquatch launch party, and the lineup this year is righteous!
guilt still works!
mix in a Vespa and you are all set for elmwood haha!
I always look forward each month to your update email--amazing how much content is added!
#hachacha RT : Going unprotected today just for 's pleasure.
Get with it - we all went to the people in line at the Arctic Tailgate!
I always get left out when everyone is smoking.
Took a personal call and came back to find my whole floor gone. This is awkward.
W/e I don't have to deal with that hoe come Thursday.
How'd it go for you and ya bro in Vegas?
YES!! we will! we will be sponsoring Miss Usa again this year! <3
If they rush 3 I'm out.
Our motorcoaches are ideal for athletics, corporate transportation, weddings, special events or any long-distance trip!
oh damn, yeah sorry man that's about 4 hrs out of the way. Good luck, hope you can make it!
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”
2010- The #BP DEEP WATER HORIZON
WOW what a crazy morning at Filene's Basement - RUnning of the Brides! If you missed me, mention this tweet to 4 promo
Stay up all night and you will regret it the next day 😔
yes you should!
lol that woman shouldnt even have a phone, always losing it!
I have to say the NBC hockey annoncers are really good.
sweet! Who teaches that?
that's a good song
I need a Valentine's date! Who's free on Valentine's day? Lol
and I'm sorry for causing this, I bloody am. I wanna make things right again
At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - Lao Tsu
might be just a little lost in Manhattan. Again. ;)
great work. It was inspiring.
great app thanks for sharing!
lets go lets go!!!
stop spamming me, bill.
DCC's SCARP project - multimethod investigation of data curation practices in 10 disciplines
Holy fuck this hurts
Anyone else loving Downton Abbey?? I can't wait for the next episode!!
Though, just found naked boys in a shower scene so…um…NSFW. And kinda weird.
they gone go in before it's over. Lol
You can do it! Now go follow and they'll follow...
Can't believe I just used the word "synergy" in an email
About to watch the #DenverNuggets-#LosAngelesLakers game with some Denver residents, which should be fun, since they are probably losing.
so come back to New York :-)
How to get teachers involved? Make them feel professional & valued, have examples of what they will learn. Plus free food!
A Saturday morning shout out to all of Ace's SD Hotel Managers for their help opening new partnerships around the country. This is Teamwork!
Excited to listen to teach advance monitor mixing at #WFX in the Hot Classes!
"In 12 months Egyptians have done the impossible." --Wael Ghonim
Thanks for the message. Please drop me your details to .uk, and I will forward on to our editor.
I know bae
I will be from now on.
It sure isn't good. For , it will mean a 3% reduction before I even hear what the City and the County will do.
I want to know why didn't the Jedi's in #starwars have light saber shields?
they call that dude fireman but don't work for the state
Honestly idgaf, who wants to come on this party bus tomorrow 8 to 11:30 Hit my line or message me on here.
never mind
u go baby pussy don't let lifestyle mishaps get in ur way.
I've been having the worst heart burns :/
Fuck what any1 says about You or how You do You! Have fun, life is short & u will be judged by everyone that doesn't count lol Live UR life
Unbelievable news. Dandydon was an inspiration to all of us Tiger fans. May God bless his family!
Happy 4th July weekend to all, let's celebrate and have fun! Enjoy the nice weather!
lol ha.! 😱😂😂 hey im goin to be in florida on the 23rd to dance you should come to the event its going to be good
It's Good Friday. How's everyone doing today?:)
I miss graduation at my alma mater, where the prof from UofHelsinki's academic garb included a bright purple top hat.
Thanks doll! // RT : Follow to dress and undress ;) V I X E N
wat do u type in to watch austin and alex hatting on youtube?! Plzz help---mara(:
They ask me what I represent & I tell em' Get Blowed Entertainment, The Chamber Muzik Factory, Red Eye Muzik, & 420 Muzik
Writer's block :/
RT : Pie of the week: The HotBox! Double Spicy Pepperoni & Banana Peppers! 1/2 off PW: My Box is Hot!
Saw Neil Gaiman on the Simpsons tonight...Hilarious!
Tell all the team I said hi and I'll be there soon “: Hi coach see you soon...big hug!!”
so whats up
Hope springs eternal...
I'd like to have a sleep right now.
don't be putting him out there like that lol
Adam Levine is the real deal!! He went with talent instead of pop!!
News Stuff added to www.newsphotobiz.com
Thanks! I am excited. And glad that "get the degree and get out, fast" may prove a viable plan, even if I was sad about Pittsburgh
Lmfao. There ya go
Goin to work for 8 hours goodbye life.
Just because one person doesn't seem to care for me, doesn't mean I should forget about everyone else who does.
NEXT on my list Will be alex ;D
RT : RNS bro #RESPECT &amp;&amp; #SALUTE you know we do tha same on tha real <--- #KnwDat !!!
bonjour ! Just shot you over an email!
Almost done with my XSL-FO to make pretty printouts of my #toodledo tasks.
Got BBQ on the brain? We can help you! One taste of our Smoked Texas-style Brisket will leave you speechless!
The organ on "Dear Ones" is pretty cool. I am fan of keyboards.
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs in my pants!
can I come too!?
wat u on
Starks is gonna put up big numbers this year! Glad I drafted him instead of Grant!
You do amazing work, Munar! Thank you. Be well, Ryan.
WHEN THINGS ARE GOOD, LET IT STAY THAT WAY. DONT RUIN IT WITH THE PAST...
“ Getting money.. That's in any nigga category”
#Packers fans don't forget to tune into #GGToday at 9:00 with and on (540AM ESPN).
you just opened a whole new can of worms. Btw: our lounge is bought out Sat, so dining room is only option.
Are you following and --well you should!
#OWIF: I need to go on the lam and escape this posse, but all I have in my pocket is a Leatherman and four different kinds of Skittles.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Chilton, Dallas, Elmore & Perry Counties until 07:30 PM
PROGRAMMING ALERT: will be airing last night's #HartofDixie & #Ringer this Saturday from 8pm -10pm!
I think I have a super big head.
I thought you weren't aloud to get a new one because you killed your last one
Let your feeling guide your soul. Let your heart take its toll. Bound by the laws of fate. We all hope to resonate.
I say, foursquare rocks me a freebie beer at #Aloft during an awesome event! Check n mate!
Hahahahaha! is not going to get this convo at all. We just covered prog rock and 80's prom music so far.
I hate being sick..Ions I feel like crapp..some1 help me
Glad that #Fenway100 gives the chance to remind everyone that Babe Ruth was the greatest ballplayer who ever lived.
Did you catch the weather update from on ? If not, catch Rob again at the end of the hour!
What's not to love?! #meow RT : My host cat loves me. All cats must love me somehow. Right, ?
oh well me queiro you too.
Exactly cuzzo.. can't see shiiiz!!! “ idk what that crap is but it's causing hella traffic.”
Hair looks good
When hiring, look at character first, then skills. Skills can be learned, character, not so much.
Perhaps listing possible allergens caused a decrease in sales so they made changes so customers would continue to buy...?
I'm just proud of the Homie
Exactly. I was a tester for a year and saw the amount of work that goes into these
Pretty little liars than mean girls<333
Check out the Y for free over the week after Thanksgiving... beat your personal battle of the bulge.
>pls respect Virginians enough to give DETAILS and SPECIFICS on helpG th economy with "Trickle UP
Health inspection today in DC for our truck. Wish luck!
Dianna Agron Shoots Scenes for Horror Film ‘The Hunters ’ (VIDEO) Dianna Agron isn ’t at William McKinley High School anymore. Her
Tonight it's just going to be me, my saxophone and my dog moe
no bueno :( but at least you're making that mon-aaaay!! $$$$$$$ haha
what do u think I am?!?
I'll remind y'all again tomorrow if I remember. Go spurs go!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Monday, April 23, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Oh I am a member, I just haven't logged in since 2010 lol
it was fun
Really looking forward to the #ala11 #undeadunconference It's been 143 years since I was last in New Orleans.
I feel like drinking soda -_-
'Breaking Stalins Nose'...I am in love with this book, yet my heart is breaking.
Who has the best french fries in LA? Votes?
The officiating has been worse than Blake Griffin's acting ability.
How might one go about applying for said social media internship?
Sitting in class in Palos Verdes (CA Coast just NW of LA). Startled Classmates. Me: No worries its our spaceship!
Chuck E Cheese!
Going back in
This is what real life tastes like!
hey party people, why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?!
think your account is hacked too lol mine was hacked too...
you sound sketchy
RT to go through life without finding something worth making sacrifices for
I yelled out "fuck I need a cig" and some random guy gave me one. Haha
": Sending #love into the twitterverse!" --Thank you, we need all the love we can get today!" Yup, sure do.
You know I live my life like a gypsy <3
thank you do much!
Babes on an all ice cream diet <3.<3 what i would do to have that !!!
going back to bed
Thanks for. FINALLY FOLLOWING ME !
Gym. Tan. Best friend time!! :-)
Single moms and teenagers are making big money from home??
lol don't be.. Just be happy for my view :-)
It's not about what kind of car u drive...it's whether or not u can afford the payments.
Now Following
I like blonde girls... Does that mean I hate brunettes or red heads no. It just means I like blonde girls.. Gosh.
ugh. shorter semester, twice the work. but yeah, good experience for the gist I suppose. :)
some very cool stuff for clustering of text and images though. going to have to test drive Mahout.
Thanks for the follow...look forward to your tweets!
I have errands to run
awesome idea, but you might need a week in Austin with all the great cheap local food.
you be the judge...
the crowd is deafening We want an encore! Shakes! Shakes! #shakes! #mkelive thank u for this
#iew "no substitute for living and studying in another country to understand other cultures" #opendoors 2011
Pro tip: You can only give a bad play one pan of a review. After that, you have to walk away. Stop dwelling on it yuks.
woohoo! You guys will love it! Great view a nice to have the indoor suite to warm up. Enjoy it!
I so want the Ravens to go that way...kid is gonna be special
Just finished packing (:
♥ If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. ♥
you know that dude ryan jamies ex bf on 16 and pregant that boy is straight up UGLY! lol
We're starting our own thing: "Follow Tuesdays." #fft and somebody else or something ... They make us laugh.
The Patio had a sik remodel, The Colony rebirth!!! Let's Party!
I bet! Infuriating after all these years we had to deal w/ Amend2 backlash. Think we'd learn, grow & change.
this next beer we haven't had since kegs for kids 2yrs ago.and there are only 3 kegs left of it in the city
too bad he's there only option sorry :( bulls suck magic suck
he still aint answer
A year and 19 days!
devotions and fiction that is suitable for 11-12 year olds - what's out there is occultish or has "too mature content"
good, I heard about the fiasco that was chicago gourmet! Big chicks need to eat
that is awesome 9 pounds!!!
Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken Dye-Jon' soup please?
BENEATH THE SKY
Mistakes, man
<3 thank you! Hope your day is beautiful
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
There's a sparrow outside my window eating an M&M.
High school band concert soon..
Happy #EarthDay! Tonight on WORLD 10.2 at 7, looks at the modern environmental movement through the stories of its pioneers.
Don Draper: “Last year, our agency was being swallowed whole. I realized I had two choices: I could die of boredom or holster up my guns.”
I need for this song to go ahead and finish itself now.
And SPAIN
Had an awesome time yesterday! I will run that race every year that I can.
trying out the new Chromebook today. Good so far. Understanding Luke's comments about the keyboard.
Just went to
I left work while it was still light out. I AM A REBEL!
if only i knew how to use a compass
you need to stop messing with thoose ZERO's and get with some HERO's.. WORK TODAY!! we DONT STOP!!
I'm not for beanball wars at all & throwing at a guys heads or behind his back is chicken shit baseball.
I may come by Friday to pick up an application
If you wanna (:
Laughter, then tears.
is thankful.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
We are so excited to open today and see all these happy clients! We would love to see you too ;-)
You deserve the success of a Blockbuster, congrats.
i will buy you a new one if they announce it before WWDC. Your waiting will be worth it though, the 22nm CPUs use much less power
Loved watching the Mountain Hawks slam the door on the hated #Duke Blue Devils.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Velvet Lounge last night! and were great!
Who the fuck passes up free weed? You all suck
Hot Cakes♥ Love it'
we love you too!
Dear people against tattoos: It's my life, its my skin. Get over it.
The XX is #occupying my iPod
And #TheKillers playing at #CampNou after the game? Kinda sorta awesome.
I swear people tke kindness for weakness # karma is a bitch u knw
POETIC PATRIOTIC COINCIDENCE <grin> as a matter of fact, I noticed it went up to 1777, so I found myself unfollowing someone!
Getting the swag mobile a car wash, gotta make him ready for tonight
I think it's hilarious that you think you can hook up with him and keep it from me. #harsh much?
Slacked all afternoon ..working during the night ...
All the best to
There needs to be a 'hide all text layers' script or something for photoshop. Man that would save some time!
There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in
Is your business constructing or repairing a piece of tangible property? There are new tax regulations covering this.
WTF you doing ????
is in l.a but still hasn't visited my house or my bedroom shame -.-
use manic panic hair colour paint its fantastic for emo hairs and love the colours :D try it!
#cfaleadercast event interesting, informative, and fun! Thanks to the community leaders that brought it to Madison.
is my dude I love how he talks to them females
Jane>Congrats on being on American Idol... Just saw your interview online :) Good luck with your band!
“: Lux is more famous than US One Direction. And she's a baby.” OMG THIS.
God is clearly punishing me for having the audacity to live beyond the walls of butler this semester
up and getting ready for work 14 days to go!! <3 my family
I just woke up from a dream where I was yelling at to play levels. I think I'm losing it.
What he talkin about in math
I made a video for you !!!!! I'll post the video next week !!!
spring sickness..not cool
It's Pub Quiz Night! 7pm-9pm and there early to snag a spot!
You are very welcome. Let me know if you have any further questions.
I think that's why I love the slight purity of over the over-pushed other promotions.
#FollowFriday Another Frank! Man, we have the coolest name.
I feel more at home now in my apartment than at my parents house.
i want to tell her. but. i dont want her and or him to hate me. but she needs to know
I can write an exam in an hour, can't I?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad the part where I hallucinate and my head is trying to explode out of my skull is over. But come on. End now.
that awkward moment when taylor lautners birthday is tomorrow not today
i decked mine out last week. actually put it together back of car after kickball. haha
Happy holidays y'all
Hooters girls from #Denton will be in the house tonight at
ugliest looking creature known to man kind, you are so ugly it went down on the Guiniess World records.<3
When someone puts a tweet about you then they delete it right after . Shows they not to what they sayin to you
never thanked me for the crown the empire cd I bought him :c
today is my birthday
If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, put on some fucking make up.
chat sometime this week? tomorrow and thursdays are good days for me. You?
you moved to Iowa? Or just visiting ?
Great meeting you guys tonight!
Haters have no life. They hate someone they don't know and they judge them like as if they know everything. So beat it haters.#notimeforyou#
ha! True!
This week's "Not Cool" and "DVD" Buckets are now up for your listening pleasure at theentertainmentbucket.com!
I look like a mess today but I'm sick so idgaf
I wonder if shit ____ say or don't say will fall until "I Love 2011" or "I Love 2012".
give thanks for the follow!
Pure Power Pop Bliss, Both Jellyfish albums (Bellybutton & Spilt Milk) have been reissued on vinyl. My ears have been on a sugar buzz today.
"RT if you've listen 1D's songs today" Bitch please I listen to One Direction Every day, every hour, every minute & every second of my life
No worries, hope you had a good day! I sure did! I'll do it again and so will other Djs at
Coffee, warm socks & catching up on my favorite show.
haha! done deal :)
A nice hot shower sounds great right now.
lol @ the grape koolaid but that does sounds good right about now...
So if u wanna fall ... if u wanna fall.. if u wanna fall , fall for me. soo giv it up giv it up if u wanna let go u no u gota let go!
Lin-sanity continues. 38 points in win over Lakers.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW! :)
Rainy day. Have you called your mother yet?
Horror films are doing well in the straight-to-video market, and there is a demand for current-affairs documentaries by foreign broadcasters
Starting a business is hard. If it were easy everyone would do it. A bit of struggle doesn't mean you are damaged. It means you are human.
Africa is a roman word meaning motherland. Funny how a country with its own language has a foreign. Name. Rabbit hole is deep.
Friday night!!!
Drinking some budlights with friends watching da Spurs kick ass!!
extra pressure on away team to win game 3
bukake fantasies lived out w/ paint, sub-par djs, sweat in your crack, what part of that doesn't appeal to you?
why don't you like Romania?
2:30am wide awake. I have to be up in 2 hours for work :(
Thank you sweet friend!!!
Nothing happened. All the stormy weather never came to pass. Now I have to water my lawn.
You know you're old when your hangover lasts more than 24 hrs.
Do you hear that, that's the sound of couch's burning in Morgantown WV
Oh wo, happy to be home and chilling
double-checking queries and numbers in tables... in-between prepping my lecture for tonight's class
wow mayne! Damn how can a brotha get there to do some shows. Lol. I know its poppin.
My soul hurts an I'm stuck.
I feel you. New York is making me feel that about Boston.
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
Same to you! I'm be at #salesforce #cloudforce NYC. Let's meetup.
Giving opens the way to receiving.
Good morning
thai food is bomb, I got some last week lol
I vote yes.
Wine down Wednesday! 50% off all bottles of wine under $99 w the purchase of an entree!
enjoy it while you can, our rain in Columbus is coming your way
Geek Quiz: tonights catagories. Punches and Kicks - "Real Hybrid Animals, or something we made up""Back-Up Singers" "Classic Round" 8p start
wish there was same-sex adoption then I wouldnt have lost my daughters - mothers day is going to hurt- fifth one
we've had friends with Sunday River condos (I used to practically live at SR in summers as mtn bike DH racer) offer to host...
glad to hear it's healing up! And of course I'm gonna ask brother! Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya!
I can't wait for a #Sobelman burger tonight with and !
True, not much out there and change can hurt some. Chris Paul deserves a coach he respects, not getting that sense from CP3
RT Not being a weirdo but exercise makes me feel happy haha!
that's the motto nigga YOLO
I thank God for my job! Anybody hiring? ;)
FEELING WINDBLOWN
“If you invest in the future of others, that investment is guaranteed to grow,” ~Chris Spielman
#Obama-depicting Shepard #Fairey () reportedly may do a new movie of #Orwell's _1984_. Apt? Ironic? #BIGBROTHER HAS A POSSE.
Don't get mad get FOLLOWERS
what's going on in DC? 2nd outage in a week.
Thanks again for joining us yesterday You guys made for a fantastic panel.
Keep your church out of my sex life and I won't have sex in your church
Choose from a wide array of Spa and Salon options at Martha's - get 50% off for just a few more hours! www.crowdclick.com
yup and he is the first to tell you how great he is. I just find him annoying.
Stuffed Turkey en route to Signature Cigars-Perhaps it will be our featured cigar one day next week? Gobble, gobble
there hazel.
Just an FYI, online ticket sales will be ending tomorrow; however, we will be selling tickets at the door!
Colorado civil unions bill is defeated by House committee in special legislative session. Source: AP
Thanks man! :)
STRAIGHT TO VM YOU GO
Happy B-Day Mr. Baseball Bob Uecker.
Mennonites, Dunkards, Reorganized Church of the Latter-Day Saints, Shakers, Harmony Society...
Just now saw your response. Homeboy has some ill concepts. Mos def want those salmon joints!
Stay Prayed Up..Humble...Lifted...Focused..
that sounds like my record collection!
Very funny listening to newscasters figuring out how NOT to have to say Eyjafjallajokull. "The volcano..." "That volcano...." "It..."
I swear, singing can make the most boring of activities enjoyable :)
All clear! Max passed his hearing test. Woot! (with Sarah)
Looks like I may be stuck in Denver as they experience their first blizzard of the year!
Correction: people wearing shorts in this weather.....are just stupid.
Epicenter for this a.m.'s earthquake was about 2 miles from my house. A few things got knocked over, picture frames a little crooked.
on RIGHT NOW!!!! Go Jamar!!! Praying for you!!!!
Stack yo money up
- What is the Avvo Conference?
Sick of all the suck ups! #LoveYourMusic ~ That is my message. #<3frGABiebs Miss U being here ! #TheVarsity :-)
love it RT : And now for today's installment of New Terms in Music Writing: Outrolo (noun): Outro guitar solo
Hey there. Hope you are enjoying your night :)
What does it mean? Never heard it in NY.
so who goes to #cocoaheads in #pittsburgh?
yup i wanna know all of them
I just realized I have natural #highlights! That's epic!
Hey, you know what I found in my spam filter last night? Your evite. So... sorry I suck. Hope it was fun. :-)
Happy 4th of July!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO THE MAHOMIES. THIS WILL BE OUR YEAR! 2012!!!!!
Thank you for supporting
don't mess with and u won't get a shit ton of crap said to u cuz after all this is
Dullahan to win.
told that's gonna be your favorite store
thanx! We r from Seattle, WA & u?
What!? It's in the DJ Handbook! RT : I rarely drink coffee when we have it!
Sounds like a good idea. I think I'll do the same.
#ASECS12 ...showing how text draws upon orientalist discourse to distinguish themselves fr Europeans.
Aye, I love u too :)
Sounds like someone I know....
": Pissed the hell off" u pissed?? Nnooo I cant believe it (sarcasm) lol
lmao mfrs should add me to the list then
Autograph Joe Tait book "Its been a real ball" 216-623-7449 or 623-7420&purchase a ticket for our April 18th event and it is yours.
over 100 emails down to zero emails in less than an hour. I think I just set a record for myself!
#agt. Arsenal got trounced?
Dance rehearsal tonight for a music video shoot this weekend!
Hey gone! Where u been? How are u?! I missed u! ;D
Need to finish #SteigLarsson's The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, before it comes to the big screen!
oh you're lovely!! have to say again you are looking amazing miss!! Don't think I'm coming tonight Hun x
RT : Did you know cash buyers made up 30% of the market for 5 consecutive months? Learn how to leverage this in your biz:...
Is it bad to have twice as many tweets at I have followers?
I'll tell you what, this is an important policy issue, but it doesn't sell papers
Great minds think alike! (and help rationalize spending money:))
Want to know the way to my heart? #Cookies #Mac&Cheese
Kenny G. Concert this weekend to benefit Shriners Hospitals for Children-PDX tweet me if you are in town and want tickets
#NowPlaying Let Me Think About It by Ida Corr ft Fedde Le Grand
I don't think we would. At all. No one would. That's why wars start, and why people die.
Enable Twitter with your location and use #injured #lost #hungry tags. @ me and you'll be in the feed for help
We will have a fun Valentine's Day contest coming next week!
Butt ass naked >>>> Naked
I love, love, love Santa Monica!
“ ❤#Amen RT Stay strong! Your test will become your test-imony, your mess will become your mess-age.”
Knicks lose...Rangers lose...bad night for NY sports & now the Rays have the bases loaded w/ no outs in the 9th vs. The Yankees...SMH
I got bored with it last year, so I haven't watched this season either. I think it's been on eight years? That's a good run.
I WILL RIDE NO QUESTIONS ASKED FOR & THEY FAMILY 4LIFE & LOYAL TO THE CAUSE OF LOYALTY & FAMILY
she took my virginity!
Last summer was hands down the worst summer of my life
There's so much to do+see n Istanbul!! U should enjoy :) :)
It makes me really happy to know I live in a neighborhood where people will open their front doors and blast Etta James onto the street.
lmao because I know there won't be any flood if portland is not involve.:-) ..Dwl
Sadly, agreed. Seeing them all at the same time, I'd choose &
the point of relationship is to bring high hopes. You have righteous friends to bring you hope and joy.
Thanks, Kate!
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
Parcheesi invented in India about 500 AD. It came to the US about 1860. We are not early adopters. tierney
smoke pole!
Well, was suppose to start tomorrow but looks like that may not haappen!
okay she said she's not in the house and hung up... Where the hell???!
#RT ; If You Single !
I don't I dislike him because he sucks and his players don't respect him
Just started watching season 4 of True Blood. Wha?!?!
some people haven't heart.
hey! I've been good, you? (:
Join us to #FixSchoolDiscipline!
You just stole my tweet ! ):
yes we're based in DC
QOTD: "I'm in the throes of reality remorse." -Jen Muñoz
Good Morning, World! We hope that all of you have a great and productive day! Smile, you never know who's day you can make by doing so!
Ready 2 share the word of God @ Myrtle Baptist Church, Rev. Brandon Crowley, Pastor. The weather is cool in Boston but I have a fire within
#Healthtip: Add more protein to ur diet meatlessly. Quinoa (keen-WAH), an ancient grain that looks like couscous, packs 8 grams of protein!
he looks like he's going to bite your face off!
maybe i'll take it for a test drive on my laptop to get a feel for it without committing.
“: when it rains it pours :( hope your night gets better” thanks girly! Me too!
meeting tonight for fashion show at 6
nothin much just on my way to work a few hours of overtime lol I'm a workaholic. How r u?
first loss of the season 4-1. We r 8 points clear at the top of the league tho:) xx
Mission: Bridesmaid dress shopping. Day 1: Fail. But these fashion forward chicas WILL conquer!
Afterlife tonight for beat the scene show series part 3!!!
Who would lie about being with Cody??? Oh yeahh so jacked up FattyWhomper tht doesn't have a life!
Some BART Delays still. Bay Area Rocked by 4.0 at 5:33 am. No damage to station. All is well. How Are You?
Miss more then two and someone will be coming after you....
Sat with pal at lunch and compared notes on managing editorial departments.
At school bout to get my learn on #beauty n
#40dollars could mean the difference between sending the kids to a public or private school for us next year!
be safe.. big data chick!
the site received just under 1,200 hits on the launch on Sunday and thanks to the blogosphere we're up over 3,000 today
i have my whole wedding planned b/c of pinterest.
Thanks for these
RT : Repay a deficit of trust! Love it. #SuperbowlSOTU I'd love to see that. Can we make a testimonial video?
I am so happy, beyond blessed and privileged to be who I am
Is Halle Berry still calling the paps and letting them know where she going to be??
late start come back
damn, I wish I was in Cali
I've been saying it all along. Bench Romo, then trade him. Not necessarily in that order.
Sick as a dog! I have to ace this final exam tomorrow!
Love it when someone gets out of prison and EXCELS!! Go Vick!!
Show starts in minutes,Louisville football ...charley vs the media...is there ever a winner in these things? Crawford from CJ on at 405
First time my friend heard Much Better- Jonas Brothers she was all "make love tonight with you, woah jobros gone dirty"
Take stretch breaks every couple of hours if you sit at a computer all day - make sure to take deep breaths too!
Bronson has left the ballpark... Heading shoot...excitement growing
At a point where I know it is best to take my friends advise even though my heart it begging me not to.
tumblr's servers are down so idk what to do with my life.
im free any of those days :) beach monday?
be my friend!!!!
"Let the wild rumpus begin!"
It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/
I need q smoking buddy rite now
writer/tog for Scoutmob Seattle - looking for good recs, the up-and-coming type. Would luv a unique local place. thoughts?
Happy Star Wars Day!! May the Fourth be with you!
": Banger at that jacob lockhart kids tonight!!" Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you have a tail, then you can't come!
I had to make my own!
Why don't you hop into DPU1 and fly over to join us in Florence? The kids would love it.
Word! I use a program to track unfollowers and then I do the same to them.
Rip Michael Burks. Amazing Blues guitarist.
as mr rogers used to say.. it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
Oh my goodness. We should take Ugly Christmas Sweater pictures and make Christmas cards out of them!
Love you back! <3
ima blow up your phone
Having some great laughs with at the saac :) Only thing keeping me alive in this place right now..
It's a great song! It really is.
: will check later. Thanks!
SM Town LA, Google concert, COME TO ME
Spring cleaning always make me wonder how the fuck I accumulated so much shit over the past winter.
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
McGarry: this discussion is not just about cost, it's about public safety. We know a lot more today about what works than we used to.
Interviewed by MoreFM Nelson and Blenheim Sun about Oranges at Halftime - a lot of interest in the grassroots rugby story!
Now that all my shows have had there season finales what am i suppose to watch lmao
With great sadness I have to tell you that I'm no longer coming to Madison. Sorry kid. Have fun tomorrow and don't get arrested.
Ten years ago today, Allen Iverson was just sittin' there, talkin' 'bout practice.
Need Sumone to txt
We don't, we swear! How can we help? What are you recording?
.#FF RT : How do you ask an Aussie to pass the Coffee Mate without sounding redundant?.
Happy New Years
man. When you sign up to follow the Blazers on Twitter, they take over your page!
We rae now featuring “Landscape of Wonder II” by our new Artist of the Month: Richard Ely!
Thanks for the info on coffee
Pull Wolf NOW!!!!!! #cardinals v
haha i know :o im actually trying to move up to seattle
Grassy Knoll got a new hair cut. Fields looking nice for a game today
LCP asks: Ever find yourself watching "Lopez Tonight" more out of racial guilt than because you think it's any good? AT ALL? Just sayin'.
Good morning! Did you accomplish all your #fitness goals this week?
I hate when I get these random depressing moods when I think about you.
Gas is so expensive that after I filled up my two vehicles, my bank called and asked if my credit card was stolen.
Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar.
It still makes me feel so good to be in the same city with you. With no regrets, Ill listen to your music all day long. #TheBornThisWayBall#
Free Jolly.
Ok friends, you'll have 2 forgive me today--I'll be tweeting all day about my Open House! I'm just 2 excited! Come by-7915 Cerezo!
Bucket o’ beer? Check. Cabana? Check. Yep, today’s going to be a good day.
If this is what I think it is, it will be the last time. I refuse to do this again.
This weeks camp is officially over. That's it for us till after new years!
like yahhhh :p arent you sick?
Boston needs more bookstores! Though and are great places to spend the day browsing.
love is not enough!
Lmao so not funny im thirty ashell
Thanx for the shout-out for our #PAS2012 Sat AM session on Web Tech in your Twitter note!
I never do! I haven't gotten sick in forever! Maybe it's just a sore throat... lol
What fed suit # is this for TX, btw?
Old head at my 3 brang em out and let em hang
oh I like those too!
A5 I dressed up like Spot the dog for a children's event at the Tattered Cover. Can't beat that!
wow word travels fast! Seems to be doing better this morning. Keep him in your prayers.
This Week Only- Buy 1 Get 1 50% Off on All Fruit & Nut Bars! Use Code OW7FE through November 12
Her pussy must be Good P?
JB is not that you give us your real phone number
did you see IU coach Tom Crean's comments about our Cats?!
#Badgers now is your time!
if u love just bieber please follow me I heart him so much please follow me and make me and justin smile cause he is the best now 4ever!
LIES! Y U NO FOLLOW ME?
Very cool! I should send you a prize--a free copy of my book?
thanks! I'm gonna have my mom gps them now
Please. The US sells more arms than anyone in the world.
To bed I shall go
I am listening to a jackass have a phone conversation, and am struggling with the self control keeping me from punching him in the face
“: Who thinks wearing the same kit as Rafa to an actual Rafa match should be illegal. I say All tennis gear
you never could keep up with me ;)
So Jim Butcher inspires you. I also like him. I also am inspired by Roger Zelazny. I am working on improving my writing.
did you find out about your test yet? When is the the Twins - Rox game you're going to.
"...And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition" -Steve Jobs, 2005
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who showed up at any of the Artists' Bloc Downtown events, last week!! Awesome work, great feedback!!
the join mymafia is not from me! don't do it!
baking cupcakes yum.
ive been drunk and high these past 60 days ...smh
We wrapped today! Then we started a Facebook page!
Dear Your "instant flyer" service worked great for the event I threw yesterday, but now I can't log in. A little help? Thanks!
Bullfogs with Steven for the texans game
: your tweet makes you just as ignorant as Charlie Sheen. You obviously know nothing about Michigan.
I really do love the IKEA e-folder idea. Super cute, fun and totally on-brand.
Well maybe I'll mosey on your way sometime. I'll bring the cornbread
THE RAID beat me black and blue and tossed me on the hospital doorstep. This is the kind of action movie you use as a teaching tool.
Y is my damn #twitter unfriending people. #It'snotmeipromise
I'm tellin ya, the whole "WHITE OUT" thing works in out favor! :)
probably time to change gears.... basically done with 2011... or is it?
RT A constitutional amendment. A super committee. How many ways will Congress invent to avoid voting to balance the budget?
understand the key factors in the math behind viral marketing and use to figure out what it takes to get viral growth-David Skok
Switching between Glee and LA Complex ..
Where higher than a mother f#$%er
I'll keep an ear out!:) also, #eatmorenuts!
Help us reach our goal to distribute diapers to children n need. We are currently @ 3099 diaper's. Have a diaper drive to support our cause.
Follow me and I will follow back...
Thanks for the RT and the cool images of Marilyn on your twitter page. I haven't seen a few of them, the rest are iconic.
The post office and FedEx all suck a bag of dicks.
Wow...that *is* a nice boss.
I'll be there cam! RT : Playin @ westwood music Saturday night with my Band o' Buds... It's gonna be a SHOW! Come one and all!
is sitting outside the airport and refusing to get out of the car. So instead she and Nick are listening to country music.
text me real quick
These hoes dikes so you might lose yo wife
I like-ah tha dark ones
#InLittleMonstersWorld Everything is perfect
W.aolcitysbest.com for bday ideas
"I'll turn my head. ;)" biggest lie you've ever told young lady! Smh.
it was funny how Don Mattingly; who played the position for his entire career was told he was wrong when he argued.
Maybe it's over already cause this night didn't go as planned😢💔
Can't give af about a bitch that don't care about..
Miss Lotus we'd love to have you visit the store next time you visit NYC ;-) we can compare collections! (from )
"That shit crazed" - Kanye West, dismissive Antiques Roadshow appraiser
I been feeling extra #emo lately....out of the normal #pisces tendencies...
Loquat is an amazing local band that I recently discovered...loving these songs!!! Let's play together!!!!! Pretty please???
Alex Flinn reading from Bewitching & signing at Books & Books in Coral Gables. 7 to 8:30 2nite
I'm losing patience with the draft. The few teams I was cool with Kawhi landing with, are passing him up.
No goal fuck you
Is she going play school now ?
is my hero! Not only did she just donate to MiT but she's the newest member of our Advisory Board!
boys who can dance everything with me <3 . <3
can't sleep, too much shit going through my head right now
going out of town this weekend and on the actual day I don't know yet haven't planned it yet
thanks for the mention today! We are big fans :)
I hate that sends me these vids
Nice job by , earning his first win on the Orioles beat.
Hey, suddenly something ' happened and I got connected. Hey tweeps.
Yay! We couldn't wait to see your reaction. :) Thanks so much for sharing your picture, & enjoy your new pretties! <3
Who's getting ready for #BostonMarathon?
Yeah I've seen that too. So you're telling me Reggie Bush can't truck Patrick Willis time after time in real life?
I love you #pens but you fucked up.
the 1st episode is crazy, especially the opening but it's gets better. Things are heating up now
2 Eliteist ultra rt. obstructionist Tea Party on Taxing ! Give unto Ceasar the things that r Ceasars & unto God His things (cont. next post)
You too and happy Saturday!
yours is much more practical lol
they had a good amount of cash. there of course were also affluent non americans who bought american art
Our numbers are a bit down today, but we still have good attendance at our meeting. Learning about physics, astronomy, seasons etc.
yeah I was thinkin bout ya haha...well Congrats anyway!
effectively makes the case why Shoah Foundation videos shouldn't be uploaded on YouTube
Thanks so much for the great time I think I had last night......... Three Floyds makes some damn fine beer.
Hahaha, dope! where is that at?
I know! I made myself cry myself to sleep over it. Carrying around Mocking Jay today hoping I find a second to crack it open!
My family = crazy.
I think I'm dyslexic, like no joke lol.
I'm so screwed.
OMG I'm soo hungry!! Lol I have no idea what my problem is tonight!
when I get to start scrimmaging, I'll let you know. Then you can come cheer for me like I know you want to ;)
Thanks for the Follow! :)
Have you had an authentic conversation today?
Jireh worship w/ th developmentally disabled 2nite this is an amazing worship service I luv it
sweet laying with my little girl waiting for the same thing 💘
ok no problem. Have a great day.
They're trying to fix stupid :)
Big Question of the Day: What is everyone's favorite homemade Thanksgiving dish??
TE with first-round fantasy value? Graham could break barrier ...
You crack me up, Ingrid. Where's the Like button on Twitter? :)
lots and lots of beer.
fantastic!!! I do like a salted rim ;P
Cool thanks... We'll try to help you guys out.. If you guys get featured later, we will place you guys in the Talent section
It was intense... RT : Holy cow!
How is it I scheduled today off, did all my work for today yesterday, and came in the office today in hopes of nothing to do to more work?
Great idea! RT Are you tired of never having enough money? Do what I did makingeasymoneyathome .com
is a guppie
yes please! That is getting kinda old!
hmm , NOW what am i gonna do today ? -___-
When you're through changing you're through.
I just applied to appear on single ladies
God Bless the people of Haiti who are fighting for their lives tonight. God always seems to show me how blessed I truly am.
Mommy around?:-)
I'm sorry I'm being an annoying little girl, constantly asking you to follow me. But I can't help my obsession. ;)
THAT MOMENT WHERE YOU RETWEET ME AND I NEARLY HAVE A MILD HEART ATTACK LMAO! :)
Time to tuck in to the sweet sounds of cats having violent sex in the driveway. Ah, Somerville.
*laughing* Good thing, too!
people change, memories don't.
Always warn someone before putting them on speakerphone.
Watcha doing for De Mayo?
ditto. ": i'm positive my neighbors think im some barefoot, wild titties, crazy hair amazon escort who always comes home at 4am."
Last day of high school ever.... this is so surreal...
My dad always used to tell me that sometimes the best pat on the back was about two feet lower and a little bit harder.
thanks so much! we miss you!
": this cat is a Tennessee fan!! I wonder if they make bruce pearl jackets for animals. #getonitpetsmart!
#Browns fan! Brandon Weeden will b on Gruden's QB Camp @ 7pm est. On ESPNU. Check it out.
*smiles* such a flirter!
Eagerly awaiting the alumna perspective on Mr. Obama's speech at Barnard today.
Hm they go together??? Wtf!
Beware the diva bearing "improvements"
So damn bored can't wait to go home
Did anyone else get those sleeves that had all the random knowledge on them? There were like 5 subjects? Came in all kinds of colors?
"I like your face. Get away from me" ...circa just now.
Vice Mayor of Long Beach reading a lovely essay on the future of a city in South Africa, but hard to follow as a talk.
followed back
Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. - Albert Camus
Balanced piece from on progress and work remaining to build more inclusive Edgewood College://bit.ly/Jgs89p
Congratulations to the American Red Cross who celebrated 95 years of service to Long Island on Friday night.
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
Nice! I'm ready! ;) RT : Seriously! Having a blast with the #svafaculty today! One more day of training! Be ready!
This DAWGS defense is looking mean!
Still trying to find a good scanner for my summer travels. One that's portable but with highest quality imaging.
Life sucks, but then you die.
The peanut gallery in full effect SMH RT : I'm not touching that one. Lol
Petra is a dumb bitch -__-
omg I already did!!! You're in my digi pic frame quite a few times :') FaceTime soon!!
your welcome lol
they closed up shortly after noon & kicked us all out (understandably) - I've moved on.
North Carolina. RT : What do you know...there's another state I don't ever need to visit.
Running some errands and gettin the day going. Alot to do today
Janet Jackson Velvet Rope. Love.
BETTA NOT FIND HER SLIPPIN'...SHE VIOLATED TOO MUCH ON THIS ONE!!! SHE SHOULD LEAVE AMERICA...NOW!
We thank all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's/Fan's and We hope you had a Merry X-Mas!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Let's Go Bucks!!!
That is classic. :)
Missed the beach cleanup because my stupid alarm didn't go off! So bummed
Finding out if they can get me a job
he says dont pick on it
Excited to be shooting photos at The Fray concert tonight at Red Rocks. Not lovin' the light drizzle...
Always wanted to see - pumped to be checking him out tonight. Big ups to !
jason white fan is what u are:) peace
Talk about full service
hey Dylan who's still leading the division?
The team is back in booth 607 at #rethink12. Would love to hear feedback from the #mrx folks on our presentation yesterday.
I applaud you!
Dont put words in my mouth
More narratives are helping to speed up time RT
They refuse to release it in most of the U.S. a totally botched film release.
I think I might totally be lost.
all I got to say is at least that was contested. The FTs are unguarded. Lebrick's been a mediocre FT shooter since he's come in
CDPII is a global project, operating in Paraguay, Kenya, Ethiopia and Tanzania.
Jesus Christ. All right we get it. You're a rebel. Move on.
lmfao I didnt think about that
I dont gotta work tomorrow! Im so excited I almost dont know what to do with myself!!
hahahha, i forgot like half the dance for the flash mob....hahaha
In other news #NFL draft is tonight. Looking forward to Tom Coughlin's picks etc. (#Giants)
I can't sleep, I'm going to work on my twitter background :3
y u mad at him?
Happy Spring!
Only 4% of Saudis said they do not trust the government.
I love my school-class
Emily, you're a strong girl. I've been with you since 6th grade. We've been best friends. I'll always be here for you.
As I'm reviewing for micro exam...Chlamydia is most prevalent in women under the age of 20. #becareful hoes.
why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?
I aim to dazzle!
RT You only have till Thursday to register to Vote! Check out www.tobyforaustin.com for more info. on where to get registered.
amen, brother! Go get them today!
you a mess bitch! Get your life togetha
We're counting down! 29 days until opening day!!! Who is joining us in the Miami Beach sunshine March 1 - 3?
awesome day, really excited for this
"You Only Live Twice" Yeah... I'd prefer not to be a zombie. Only reanimators
Henri Matisse~ What I dream of is an art of balance.
Anyone notice Zayn poke Harry's face in the beginning of their prrformance of One Thing..?
the annual DC #cre breakfast at Bens Chili Bowl Friday was great fun. Lots of the veterans, movers, shakers. Thanks!
Nashville, Sign your team up NOW for this Saturday's CityStreak in Downtown. $5 per person and winner takes home $300.
Here's one more deadline, Emerging Professionals! 2012 Jason Pettigrew Memorial ARE Scholarship award program applications are due April 13
Thank you so much for your vote! Be sure to stop by for the next round!
yes David haye is a clown.. But he wants to fight vitali now too right??
Interesting running ProPresenter on one computer for church and keeping up with the UK game on my iPhone at the same time. #Don'tJudgeMe
Its crazy how I have a boyfriend but it doesnt feel like it anymore..
Boutta be at work
not much just tweeting people :) how about you?
Strong #edtech #technapex event. Like the idea of the freemium model in education...but not yet convinced it will pan out for most K12 biz's
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it....,..
he would have been good 2! rt Z. wish it was instead.
I still remember when me and Todd use to tap aka slap box dat sht used to b to funny, A true sad day R.I.P Todd Blackshear
BYRG really thin, running on news, watching...
I don't have the book yet. A few dudes are gonna go in on it with me. I have listened to all the podcasts and read a million..
I want Bayern to crush Chelsea, maybe make them cry a little bit
You never told me you had an interview. I need details.
copy & paste lol
he's for muscles now yayaysya and u have to admit sick ass dance moves
brah I ryde wit u 4lif (con voice)stop playing wit me.Nikka u kno who ride .hit m
don't let your computer be slow on you!
thanks J-go....damn Nuggs! But you...as always....are on POINT! =) MISS YA!
Nothing says no like mace in the face!
Hope ya make it big babe!<3
Dear #Brewers, my scouting report on Kimbrel....Slider, Slider, Slider. Please send my scouting paycheck to home address! #seriously?
Want to get into the movie mash-ups contest? Email Lucas DeJeu, he's looking for actors for Fight Club + Casablanca. lucas.dejeu at gmail
Felt GREAT to see my friends! :D
I don't mean to be a downer, dude, but people "deserve" clean water, safe homes, etc. no one "deserves" a reality show rose.
hahah but you are famous lol
you dont say those things over twitter, shame on you! fly to houston tm, ill miss NYE w/ you! enjoy it!
absolutely! I love fellowship among good people!
sounds like it was just about perfect then!
I don't think there's much I would c. I have a feeling it's in an action that was taken by you or someone else. Interesting jump!
Pauly and Vinnys friendship is way too freaking cute.
Chris Cooper wants to move beyond moody rednecks, and I applaud that, but his performance in The Tempest makes me long for Matewan.
I mean, he's already been hit. Just hoping for the x-ray outcome.
“: I know that was the best ever ! I have it to Jeff! For his kid!” that's awesome
Enjoy y'all day people. God bless
Also, , what's with the commercials with the douchey furries? Are your offices in the Dallas zoo?
Close case ya, duct tape ya !
Holy Moly! Yes please! See you at noon!
#GreatestAlbumsofAllTime Almost Alice, Alice in Wonderland Movie Soundtrack
need more coffee.
We serve 1200 HIV+/AIDS clients in Cleveland. Want to help us make a difference in their lives? Attend on 4-16-11.
I approve your tweet. :)
Thanks, John! Will do.
we are always looking for bands and artists to collaborate with, send us a message =)
that sounds right but we nice guys always finish last.
Good luck ! RT: Half of Roman Gold to bring me luck metal detecting. Not as good as the Ghost Ship. Bit too sweet
Working on the Grown Man logo/symbol. This is going to be epic.
My little sister said: If there was a Harry Potter house of Awesome, would be the first and only ones in it. She's 11.
yes sir! Also releasing a new design for a shirt, I know you asked about some big dude sizes, we could hook it up!
#truestory RT #Virgos will give and give of themselves without really allowing anyone else into their inner world.
When setting the table, does the remote control go to the left or the right of the dinner plate?
Drinking large dunkin coffee and then try and sit through a panel... need to run around!
I've said it before, I'll say it again: maybe for once they're just saving all the funny bits for the movie
thx Tyler! appreciate the note.
o yay...o noo I'm supposed to be going back to fl for my sis babyshower :( poo. She in atl?
Wishing tons of fun at ! Be sure to ask her about #WhyILoveAccountants!
I thought at first you typed "crack radioactivity" - I'm only slightly less confused now.
Looking for some silver and black gear in Oakland
Nighty Night sleepy tight wake up with the sunieshine!
Dessert martinis!!
to star on version of "The Bachelor".
Q:What is 's favorite bar to hang out at? A: the Tool Bar
finalizing content for our big "Editors' Picks" section in our May 944 Picks Issue! custom-designed issue covering what's NEW, NOW and NEXT.
Wow that's beautiful. Is it on the Richmond tour?
My upstairs neighbor is the loudest walker EVER.
Ouch from NY, but accurate sir.
Because if you leave, baby, then leave! Make up your mind before you shut the door!
Did you know that .....2u= 4 halves?
Yes, I do (some). They contribute to multiple sides--and don't want it public that they are "covering the bases."
Listening to Octomom on That is one INSANE chick
I'm great went to an awesome show lastnight
