I got a headache
"Plaintiffs have no incentive to assert the rights of the authors…except to…choke out nonprofit educational…fair use."
i can't even express into words how stressed out i am right now. january is never going to get here
that sounds awesome!
"Some people are so poor all they have is money."
Two weeks from today, we will be putting together another 90 food baskets. Help feed a family in need at www.feedchicago.org
I had a blast tonight... Good one in a long time
Why can't I choose what OS to put on a tablet? Or programming language to work with?
Happy Halloween Everyone! :3
Finale of #VampireDiaries ...yes it's amazing :D
My visiting mate just said "I've brought my Converse in case we go somewhere posh" you can tell he's welsh
Hm best place to be on a dreary Sunday morning!!
Hey thanks haha
Just added several selections of Mark Shearer's Through the Window album on the Stream!
I'm so tired, rr this morning, then went to jay sarg to turn in papers, now working at unos. Exhausted Z.
Volunteer Center of MKE will be here tomorrow 1130am-1pm. Info on corp. and individual opportunities. 2nd flr seminar room. Lunch served!
cool, when I get back from Haiti it's a date :)
Party Pooper! How are you?
Never got a tweet from before :( waiting for that amazing day, #theEliTes for life :)
like us on facebook :) www.facebook.com/mercuryinsummer
Would like to thank Sara, Katie, and Jimmy for making my night!
I miss playing RockBand.
We're allowed to throw pillows at Mom when that happens. Everyone wins. Except my mom. And maybe the cats sleeping next to her.
Making plans to pick up this year's grass fed #cow for 2012 feasting. 400lbs of packaged meat will not fit on my bike,
Attention all students groups! TODAY is the LAST DAY to submit GRANT applications. Please submit to
Getting ready to head to Berkeley for 's Word Up /Picture Out #visualstorytelling for #nonprofits. Who else is going?
Just realized I spelled "exhilarating" totally, horribly, incredibly wrong in a giant mass email. Like a boss? #notsomuch :-)
I'll be pullin for your gauchos. After watching G'town go down, anything can happen this year.
Man Overboard sucks though...
haha naw you look exactly like my friend kristen volk. So yeah kinda weirded me out.
UK can have Derek Willis! Padgett would have ate this dudes lunch as an 8th grader. Hope he sees the court at uk.
So crushed right now!!!
One more day of school left. FOREVER!
aw<333333333333 that's so cute!!!!!! :D
I want to hear all about it!
Make sure you follow - the newest member of the team!
Honestly, instead of expanding to Long Beach or DTLA, we should hire a researcher to do a weekly rebuttal to the Courier. </sarcasm>
thanks! Looking forward to tweeting with them!
He-Lo, world of Twitter! I'm new and excited to be here! As my first act on Twitter, I have to agree #WeLoveChuckandBlair !!
Big smiles to both of you!!!
lol Bobus roots for like all 30 NBA teams
Barkley says he is staying
Wearing a black maxi dress, red cowboy boots, and a blue flannel. Can you tell I'm moving this weekend and already packed my clothes?
its raining too hard...i need a cuddle buddy :(
As of today, Dead Billy's gonna be, like, a real thing.
we get in the most trouble on Mondays
Internet has been transactional, but today's internet is participative and experiential (where you WANT to go, don't need to go)
Shout Out ti ny new new followers!!!
yay.... See u girls soon
We all keep saying "Happy 4th! Stay Safe!" but what we mean is "Text me a pic when you light accidentally light your house on fire!"
#truth RT I swear I ain't never seen the Nword as much as I do HERE on the damn web....
Stay humble everything will fall into place 🙏
What a great practice tonight! We can't wait to see the #LTDArmy out in force on Saturday!
lmao haha I can see you saying that!!!! The teacher just stared omg I was like "wtf is going on?!?"
Let's get the UK on deck for sure. I'm excited to come back and hang soon.
#UglyPeopleExcuses. "Noo, I Broke up with him, He didn't break up with me!"
Yeah, it has been a while. Things are good. We should do coffee or lunch.
not you, dummy. <3
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💓
Ha! I've wondered that myself!
Finally home from work
saw u at taste of rn. Great product
The people who respond the the "not random, iPad give away" tweets are the same people who wire money to Nigeria
Restocking the table one brochure at a time with
u think? I AGREE
Answer: Yes. RT : Question: Should I put songs from Xanadu and Flash Gordon on the next Drive-In Mob Mixtape?
"I am a victim of Jim's embellishments." Embellishments are the story. Let's be victims.
Lebron James has a dislocated "RING" finger. That makes me laugh.
Beyond Words, Beyond Sanity:Well said Burton, Well said. Once again, I am playing you on the radio. Up Close & Alone.
new vinyl, pt. 2: colosseum, king crimson/lizard DLP, pay the man/crack babies split 10", this is dancehall, music of mallorca
I'm so sick :( this is not ok. Trying to get some sleep then off to the hospital early tomorrow morning
Getting that horse in 7th grade hahaha
#TeamUnChurched discussion this week - A Return to Love. Join the conversation! You are only on thought away from transformation!
I just want to go home and cuddle with my cat.
I put the song up. Check it out.
aint gonna need no blue out
koooliooo i been there
Peace to your country! Or state!
ran into you a few yrs ago on a flight from dallas to indy – your first scouting combine. nice to see you on here.
Very interesting stats from "Median words in a Facebook post by individuals is 11 words and generates on average 5 comments"
lmaooooooo! Ya nutter. What time you work till?
"Peanut. Lookit that watch. God damnit "
Beach house in Newport beach!!! Whoop whoop! Party it up!
PhoneGap is an HTML5 app platform that allows you to author native applications with web technologies and get access to APIs and app stores
Sometimes friends know best RT Enjoying fantastic lunch So glad we listened to those who suggested we come!
hahaha yes! Funnily enough, I met my wife there. You should def do it.
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighth-grader killed after ignoring order to drop weapon was holding a pellet gun
agreed, if the treatment to turn it blue is changing the dirt, then its really NOT a good thing, both for safety and FO prep.
That Billy Crystal is so delightful, you guys.
Who's stoked on 's tour this summer, will get naked if you pack all the oregon shows
RT : RT : You also take library books back before you've borrowed them.
thank you Sean!
The legend of Brooks Conrad starts tonight?
some weirdo has been stealing all my mayorships. They took the fish tank!
do you scream ? I do! The bigger the bug the louder I get!
What would you say to me if I told you that you could easily earn two million American dollars in a week with no effort, on autopilot?
Tell em Mike!
Phone in the yellow bar
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none. Thomas Carlyle
Well, hello You look amazing. The hair is gorgeous!
indeed fascinating. Wonder if the statue was inspiration for the popular movie pose on the bow of the ship
Relationships should be based on age and love.
Is there anything better than the freedom to dive into a long, long novel? Personally, I'll be reading Helprin's WINTER'S TALE
Did the Clippers just do the impossible
The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up.
Don't you just hate it when you are waiting for an elevator and when it finally comes there are already two minivans inside?
Good luck! There is a very good chance you may get it!
I am shooting a photo-story. NEED 18-25 yr old male to play the role of a young homeless man, no acting experience required.
Nice sets last night from and Little Foxes at Hump.
Dear School, why do you have to sneak up on all of us Monday morning? Sincerely, you should start on Tuesday, at Noon.
listen to our ep, "summer isn't over" ;)
no problem! Looks like a good event. Will definitely consider it.
cont. - promote engagement, honesty and authenticity to improve business results.
The awkward moment your checking out a girl and her friend is looking at u.
There's a good reason the SPICY in the spicy turkey avocado sub is emphasized on the menu.
the best is stacking the bins with hundreds of Patsy Cline and Burl Ives Christmas LPs to make it look like he has an extensive collection.
Hey Moms, thanks for everything you've done and will do.
Missing the ice machine at my dorm. Man that thing was likely teeming with the nastiest of filth, but I could use some ice right now.
50% o US smartphones are Android, says comScore
ur so gay I just texted u lol what's up
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline. Use caution in this area.
I'm starving. I'm about to run this mile by myself and go get a burger.
“: thank you so much for the follow! (:” Thanks for following me=) xox
First 5 to tweet me an ":D" gets my number I'll dm it to you(:
I'm black yall...
Day one of the WEDI ICD10 forum is in the books.....The theme is: medical codes in ICD-10 are the business language of healthcare.
#mubb fans in full cheermode at the game... coming across well on the tv!
We are not sure what gives... but be sure that we will share your comment with those who handle that area!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves!
Now I remember why I once vowed to never go to PIM on weekends. Too bad I'm reminded when I'm already here
At the IMAX about to watch hunger games. #stoked!
what if I wanted to hangout on Saturday? :(
just go pass your time to our time (: its worth it!
...now that that's done, let's talk about longevity. Let's talk about what happens once she gains weight or he loses that food truck...
Completely agree -- PHP would benefit from String and Array classes that replace the str / array functions.
let me know how you liked our service today
Long day, trying to find more qualified beta users for
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  36
RT : If you're not on the webinar about API's and API management, you're missing out on something special.
Mine is nice until it dries.
Good morning upper eastsiders. Wrong city. After days of drinking, the telltale signs of whose been naughty or nice will make today fun!
umhm wat u see on the teachers computer? ;)
Humpday Hi!! Last night put some more touches on pyramid helmet and silent hill nurse masks. I sure hope these things turn out!
RT : Q2) Do you see your own role in the organization changing as a consequence, if so how - type of work/what you do etc?
I want to know where the good eats are!
Mentoring is about not sticking someone in a slot but to try to find out what their natural talents are giving them room to grow.
#WhenAustin tweets with a wink face ;)
RT : Gov Dayton says calls to his office overhwleming in favor of #Vikings stadium: 966support, 141 oppose.
Take the hand cuffs off him! RT : Joker on Morgan: He fights, fights, but there are some things he needs to clean up.
RT : Enter to win 2 free passes to Restaurant After Hours 3 Just RT to enter-drawing will be 1/28 @ 4pm.
Wheels up headed back to "The City".
I strive to learn something new everyday. It usually appears in the form of a student. Gotta love it! I'll take it!
yeah, if you want shitty seats or lawn. tried when they went onsale to the public and couldn't get anything remotely close
Seriously? No one else but Chris Brown was available?
Should've tweeted earlier: CNN has the video of Lawrie hitting umpire Bill Miller with his helmet and Miller getting hit by a drink.
oomf really helped me out shout out to her
Baby boy got your girl so deep in love <3
: Saw your posts abt saints...my husband is a professor of middle ages music history and hagiography. He'll love the saints site!
Be sure to check out
Great weekend for bball
hates sitting at the barbershop.
Nothing lasts forever so live it up, laugh it off, take chances and never have regrets. Cuz at 1 point everything you did was exactly wh ...
Great tip for #hackathons involving actual code. Keep it together at for later indexing. Will share!
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn announced today over $4 million federal grant awarded to Rockford Solar Partners, a joint venture between Wanxi…
it really is. Gotta love Sandra Bullock!
so stoked for the new record! Gunna blast the shit outta it!
oh yes. That was immediate. Haha
76ers on fire!! Bulls are done for tonight!! They will bounce back!
RT : Texts from Hillary has been shared on 46,100 Facebook profiles, generating 172,054 likes or comments.
the californians are KICKING IT.
O!!! The florals look awesome!
To the ICONic Boyz :what their favorite brand of chips and whats their favorite sonq rite now please give me a shoutoutt??
aw man! thats fucked up, you better get some rest tomorrow lbs
Circle Furniture celebrates first downtown Boston store BOSTON — Circle Furniture welcomed more than 200 people to its first downtown Bos
Hi Chase! God Bless!
Breakfast @ Corner Baker
Of course I get to my house and see two cab with lights drive by. Fitting. Night all.
Tsk tsk tsk. You do know Snooki's pregnant, right? You have months of gossipy goodness coming your way soon.
Do you have turkey for thanksgiving or another meat?
Uhm...I'll just drive up there.
I was thinking of Playing GTA SA again i remember when it first came out
A BIG thank you to all of our 2011 #innotechatx attendees, speakers, exhibitor and sponsors!
Dude want me to sweat him but i refuse I'm and she never put sweatsuits on a mf
Friday afternoon - Prospective Student sessions for , & !
I appreciate the follow and RT! :) Have a great weekend.
this season....
Chillin but ain't much to do....cud always use some1 to talk to. Who up??
did follow you
Truth. MT : plz dont waste your $ on Mackeeper - all that shit is already built into your operating system. give me your $ instead
i'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
Woke up and can't get back to sleep :/
so i'll probably freak out
yeah, we are too, lots of collaboration & our lab will play a role in development process which will raise digital awareness here
Dominating pubs with and :)
That entire list is depressing. When I see a kid named Madison, I think, "I'm sorry your parents are giant douches"
We hear it's 's Executive Director, ' birthday. Great knowing you and the good work you do. Enjoy your born day!
Kansas will win. Calling it now.
Ha! She said she just wanted to watch a taping and "these were good seats" lol...
You should bring me a beer... :/ wine, blech!
yeah that is what I told him, I told him to try to do some education online, finish degree, then do private lessons.
Upper 70's and sunny? Seems like the perfect combination for a homemade #icecream sandwich from Sebastian Joe's!
The MisEducation coming soon stay tune!!
Oh, d/fw, you milquetoast transit sewer, how I hate thee blue carpeting and clackety clack tile floors.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher; and philosophy begins in wonder. -Plato
Nothing like Sunday football, cold skies and a comfy couch.
I am going to Vegas with my Dad. Can anyone tell what the very BEST restaurants are, please!
Rachael just threatened Lucy with the triple crown of punishment - 1) spank 2) go to bed 3) no Easter eggs.
Great to meet you tonight!
If I’ve said it once, I’ve said it a thousand times, although honestly I feel like I’ve said “it” a lot more than that even.
Hell Yeah. I miss the days when Front Royal had one.
Lunch w at parasons then hangin at the mall.(: then back to my house ! :D
you have to see the avengers! that movie is a buyer (:
Waky Waky!! RT : TIME to WAKE UP! Live w/ !!
Jennifer is such a fun writer. Reading Good In Bed now.
Congratulations to the entire team, staff, and coaches! Number 8 feels great!
don't count out the Urban Outfitter and the Scarlet and Gray "OHIO" team.
I am going to miss Angel :( sorry to here about her
Thank you!! ": Rochester Young Professionals' Speed Networking was a great success! Good Job #Connections"
not lookin 4ward 2 it. my knees and hands are killin me already
Your post made me happy. Love it.
wow why did they have to make ATM's so complicated! ugh haha
Oh no! If you can't reach her on that line, you can always call the main line and ask for her directly: 1-619-231-4040.
Berggren sinks another 3 for the #Badgers. Goinf to be hard for the #Spartans to catch up with UW keeps this up
Hey! That's awesome that you're from Rio! I've always wanted to go there.
Ice Cream Sandwich, yummy goodness for your phone and tablet, get the scoop
RT : How's the first weekend #scriptfrenzy going?
listening to knock'em out by lily allen
We MiSS U Britney !
A friend's house in Bayview. You in the Falls right?
Hell ya!!!
my single coming soon
Thanks for the RT, !
Get to take my bro to the airport tomorrow :)
: yo.. Buddy I wouldnt mind going along with you to go see the movie.
Duh! :) I need some good songs to get my ass through hour long cardio sessions!
I'm gonna take a nap
Eating sushi in Casper, Wyoming...preparing for our interview this afternoon.
oh yes! and was too preoccupied with fainting to grab the camera
Zap i was with One Direction
Awesome! Look forward to meeting you guys!
The blind still see, the lame still walk and YES, the dead ARE still being raised! www.imawitness.com
Any nigga that let a hoe in his house and touch his family is going to HELL!
from someone who doesn't evun go there.
It seemed like a good idea: she liked really masculine guys and I liked making big f*cking mistakes...
8:30 and it isn't dark yet. This is crazy.
Hey remember week 1 when they said Payton Manning would be back in full form by week 10? Yeah, that was hilarious.
Mint Condition singing So Fine.. Can't wait for Breakin my heart (pretty brown eyes)
's tongue waggle makes me laugh.
« Larry merchant need to take his old ass somewhere #haveafuckingseat dickhead»
Greg Crane, Tufts U: Citizen scholarship, the resurgence of philology & a global republic of letters in the digital new world. May 4, Paris.
Bow to your sensi...
I can't wait to see you at the under the influence of music tour in indianapolis <3
happy 4th of july everyone!!! come celebrate after the firewords and bbq roll up to MYST for the Ratio 4th of july party! cell @ 6028820317
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
Packing gear for swimsuit #photoshoots. Salt and sand can kill your equipment if you're not careful.
you think that now, them UPS paychecks won't do you any good lol
Have an amazing 2012!!!
RT wise processes from - When u have a problem - STOP & evaluate 5 thgs, solutions start to emerge...
Random guy @ pompano park said i have potential
still would rather Dempsey
Booking flights to Europe for a wedding later this year. So stoked.
Is going to the victorian fetish party after leah's bday- only our darling bday girl is passed out at home already poor thing :(
Movies with my baby!!! <3
is hoping tonights homemade taco's come through... saw a friend check in at #whitecastles down in Kenosha, I was tempted to make the trip
Final recording and mixing in LA next week to wrap up the new album. Mastering session getting booked. Holy Moly, we're close.
Good Morning. Starting into the 5th month of 2012 already. #let'sgetit
We love Rochester...even if Porter is a hater. Greatest city in the world....period.
bowling? Is that slang for something else?
The guy I'm seeing says that I try to hard on social network sites. The good news that comes from all this is one of us at least GETS hard.
Springfield VA looking bright right now even tho its raining
I have a mancrush on Neil Degrasse Tyson.
Make sure Firefighters don't have to crash your Thanksgiving: Never wear loose-fitting clothing that can catch fire while you’re cooking!
Watching the Michigan vs Nebraska game - Go BLUE!
Is delighted that the phrase, "event horizon" was used during a discussion in the Confirmation Class yesterday regarding theological issues.
Eyeopening remarks from on Congressional budget approps for int'l aid. Nutshell: Rep Ryan's plan = BAD & misinformed.
Here to help.
Wow I have been just a little ball of inappropriateness today. Geez, Taylor.
22 hours and 2 shows later we are calling it a night! Thank you to everyone that came to our shows today....or yesterday now.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap $25 per Ticket 480-352-0903 Page
Hello world... How has your day been?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
uploading pictures from our trip
I'm insanely excited for my Shakespeare and poetry classes next semester...
ohh man, #idolresults are on tonight. i am praying does NOT go home!
It's a code system that was put in place years and years ago internally here. You'll have to get our language codes in our docs
South Alabama's Lindsay Schwartz claimed the women's heptathlon title with 5,264 pts - her third SBC Hep title!.
The question again should be Who is framing the reform? What are the expectations? What is being measured?
Upset that yesterday #Verizon told me my phone would be overnighted to me today, but now I find out I won't get it until Monday
Why is it the Sith side seems to be a bit over powering?
Jealous! That show is going to be awesome.
how much??? Where it at??
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the reply.
Exam tomorrow and I'm stuck sleeping in the floor
Brightness of my Macbook & iPhone screens are killing my eyes! Thoughts anyone? Besides turning down the brightness or use it less.
find one, let me know?
Using #Autism in your updates would help bring more awareness to your rocks to people concerned about Autism and on Twitter.
thanks love! I got your entry!! :D
Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman? He's too cute!
Instead of focusing on the competition, strive for a higher level of creativity. Create the extraordinary, instead of settling for average.
Motherfucker You really Dont care for anyone but you self! are you that ignorant that you think ill will go back crawling to your door?
What does everyone think? RT : The best restaurants in the North End?
Really? They still don't get the same love as the pecan.
There's a much more delicious way that teens get drunk. It's called beer.
“: when is Wayne Brady gonna be there” < is here fri & sat
LIVE ON POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP-HOP LIVES--- MPHAZES and MATT DIAMOND FROM COALMINE RECORDS!! TUNE IN NOW! power983fm.com
LOL. I feel like I just got rick rolled...
So you want a mix of hilarious & average funny RT : Im not interested in you unless you're a mix between Donald Glover & Jimmy Fallon
lololol wonder what they look like
Act slow duh
Think ima make Saturdays all to my friends and I like whatever we wanna do each saturday really feelin ultimate frisbee
": "Our Idiot Brother" opens today! I love Paul Rudd. I can't wait to see it." So stoked!
This time next week, we'll be off to and our beautiful house!
lets link up soon Charlie
pretty sure at this point, they are one in the same.
Sephora will do that to you!
now THAT i have had...and that is so yummy!
I've submitted more SACO proposals in the past 6 months than in my entire 14-year cataloger career.
RT : Concluding the key difference between SOA and EDA is that preconditions (SOA) become post conditions (EDA).. loose coupled
Shout out to Alpana Adair who just landed her dream job--training & development manager
But then, both of those allusions will probably go over the students' heads.
Thanks for the mention, Shannon. Have a great week!
You are so welcome! Come back!
hi Julie I am Kelly's sister.
Got a cat on my lap
One direction cd released in america now Yaay! :)
bummer .... I ride to work when I can too .... Good luck with your bike. I have been wanting a carbon for a year now :).
Ha! You should bring it home down Milwaukee Ave. It's like a never-ending driver's ed movie ;-) RT :
"Stay stupid. Follow your unconventional, crazy heart." -Steven Pressfield in 'Do the Work'
I have flaws but I wont let them get in the way of success ..
I might...
Haha! Whats the best memory of ?
following nancy
Thank you, my friend! Good to see you!
Dem Rep. Claire Levy, Boulder, argues "it's perfectly appropriate" for courts to rule on constitutionality of laws. #edcolo "lobatocase
its that PNW Weather My Man...Quick Recovery1
i'm sorry but u shud look closely at the bio space given :O
niggas in they feelings
Soo Im gunna delete this Twitter and make a new one !
#WeWontWork if you talk bad about my brother.
Can we have permission to unfollow a library that just uses Twitter to broadcast 5 back-to-back announcements once each weekday?
Can you imagine the results you would experience if you would turn fear and skepticism into productive action? Just begin with one thing!
"if happy ever after did exist, then i would still be holding you like this, all those fairytales are full of shit..."
Chemistry went on while I was in chem today... I thus proceeded on listening to Caution Girl. I miss stereo, okay.
3 more days!
I've never watched a season of #AGT but I will say I already loved the first few minutes because of .
Chiana:Just when I get the comfy chair the way I want it, it gets cleaned and I have to start all over again.
It's Nice outside.. and all I wanna do is lay on a couch and watch movies
My geology lecturers always use word art, comic sans, or both. #peasants. Yes, yellow text on a white background is so fancy.
and theres NOTHIN to eat in my house -_-
Thanks for the update.
Now you see why I don't trust him
Tebow is not going to be a Packer..The fans will not allow it. We have the best QB. Why ruin a good thing
Thanks for following Brian! Love your fun profile "icon" Do you recommend those for all of us? You would know ;)
Girls Who Are Gay Are Cool
Sup wit u? Just pushing music ova here
On our way up La Crosse, WI! Hog Wild NYE show !!!!
Let's just say that this morning I accidentally followed in the footsteps of the female neighbor of and
Most improved award - Baby Chris
"Fish, an abundant commodity that permeates both bodily orders, the somatic and the social, exposes the facticity of norms just as other /
I got mad only because you weren't listening to me and it was mine.
Hey past attendees! What was your favorite part of WordCamp last year?
I like how babies remind us, how much we love each other.....
You know how said the baddest thing he done? My friend said "You will be in trouble by your mom now if she is watching!" Lol
Whats the zoning allow to be built in the vacant field near your new home? More homes? Walmart? Apartments? Check it out!!
At the spa,
Ah~haha Leo is my favorite.
Haven't been this happy in a long time. (:
Yeah, I looked at the card again and it really looks like it'll be a hell of a show. I hope they put up ordering info soon
Why am I such a fat ass? Lawl
Oh, Logan, where have you gone?
WE HAVE 4 DAYS TO GET TICKETS!! I'M GONNA DIE!
the Guinness shake is darn good. Excellent service tonight, too.
When your gonna give someone a kiss on the cheek and both people go for the same side and almost kiss each other on the lips
#onlyif could follow me.. #hope I would be like #YEEEEEUUUUUHHHH! (:
Think im gonna just pull an all nighter to finish my chem hmwrk
Just so gone and it was really good!
batteries about to die, so night guys!
WOW Jordan 8 miles for a 111 Cupcake! #Impressive I think that sounds like a great commercial :-)
Lebron couldn't get any rings if he played Sonic Unleashed!
To reduce backlog - less focus on the ideal, and more focus on realistic levels of processing
I wake up to find is on! That made me happy:)
yeah I've been out here for a few days
MVP votes mean absolutely nothing to me (and, if they did, I could argue Shaq was 3x finals MVP vs. Kareem's 2).
: question for both parties = do you aim for the center or the extremes ("the base")?
OMG it sounds like there's a fucking bird in our house
My prayer is that you find someone whose soul you fall in love with.
Now I have to sell it for a lesser amount >:((((
Thanks for the shout out!
I have bones. You have bones. He/she/it has bones... Lol. Sorry. Had to say it. Sure. Bones are fine.
Five H.S. boys in Pitt are playing what girls sport? read about it here USSportspages.com
dang um
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
Sen. Rubio says he doesnt "crave" a GOP VP nod. "The answer is going to be no" if he is asked.
not really a sneakerheads kinda kicks but... RT : like... wallabies, sperries, vans, and polos?
I think he says that about every player he gets doesn't he?? lol
Got my Barber Swag on right now! Yeah boi!
That must be so miserable.. =(
Master's in Budget Abandonment.
Can u imagine the issues...“: Ever thought about Bering Sea Gold, take guys out on boat & find nuggets?! #goldrush”
#iWillNeverTrust David Stern
Big girls need big diamonds. Elizabeth Taylor
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio TX.
Thanks to the internet, I found your NaN Cat, because I knew someone, somewhere, HAD to have put the two together.
#layoff news- #Hawaii: Money credited to the State’s Unemployment Trust Fund will be used solely for the payment of administrative expenses
Go Rammies! As if I needed another excuse to buy more gear
ew off this; blessed with SLEEP.
hey ppl, is $32 too much for a tank top?...
SWEET!! you guys are awesome!
4 days into #sxsw and Spoek Mathambo's set is my first keytar sighting. Improbable, right???
Shit well that depends on the woman big dick or not some women dont take no shit
Makes me embarrassed to see inbreds from my hometown on Hardcore Pawn talking shit about Detroit and getting thrown out...
BTW, Doesn't Philly have a fringe festival!?
Don't die :s
Why is Wednesday such a busy day on Twitter?
I wanna be a SuperWomen !!! Hahaha... ♥
I'm wondering how long I'll be able to deal with my terribly cracked (but still working) iPhone screen...
haha read your mind like always :D u think im not even tho u kno we always have twitter LMAO n the concert too! ^.*
RT : Hahaha 's Harry Potter jokes are hysterical!
"You bring Kalinda to me NOW"
thanks for following
cus I get up there and laugh the whole time lol
I imagine so! What a terrific resource for the students to be able to access.
Inevitable projectile hurling scenes...
I'm So Proud of Youh - Drake LOVE this Song :D :)ILYShawty<3
No prob! Keep it real!
Hearst Magazines Launches &quot;Car and Driver Channel&quot; on YouTube - MarketWatch (press release)
do you have a good following? Don't mean to be a dick, but we're looking for people who can expand the brand.
South Park has extended it's run until 2016, who else is excited?
heck yes!! It's that alberta beef, it keeps us lookin good.
Cuz Black Flag is ossm,that's why.
Check it out -- RT : #BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
Up now
#FF Great people in the #jazzworld!
#FF to our fellow design allies:
About to watch Insidious! This is gonna be a scream fest
I just circled the parking lot 20 times to find parking and ended up in UP. Stop letting so many people in.
Colts fans are going to be the big losers thanks to their want to be celebrity owner. Losing Manning, one thing, but the others. Just WOW
I'm getting the "Janet Jackson's".
Haha I'm contemplating. Free angels game or celebrate my homies coming home from AZ. #touchdecision lol
Of course the week before summer,I gain 6pounds from these steroids.My doctor probably did it on purpose cause she hates me..
You should move there
good to see this account. Former student. Go Bengals
Just woke up from his his nap Haha. Since 5 o clock. Haha
you dnt like it
thanks for following us!!
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
So you of those weak people who stopped using it smh
yes I agree with you
haha I always do that! :)
jus landed in the A dm me ur email address
Congrats to UD football on their Iowa Conference Championship!!!
Lord. It's Honey Boo-Boo Child.
but at least Cox is good.
OMG!! Congratulations a MILLION times!! SO happy for you!!!
Miss Josie and Miss Aurelia will be working in the shop this afternoon. Come on in and say hi to them on this beautiful spring Saturday!
. Right. Cld see challenges moving fr one role to other. What skills did you pick up as staff that helped you maneuver?
u can do it!
Pet peeve...don't sing or rap with a mic in your hand, and all I hear is a TRACK!
A number of Yankees sport multiple tattoos. P Joba Chamberlain not only loves the ink, he's also got some piercings including both nipples.
Tenkar&#39;s Tavern: Playing Catch Up With Game of Thrones on a ...
great meetup folks. Thsnks for the pizza...
Telling a hacky joke doesn't make you hacky, not knowing you're telling a hacky joke makes you hacky.
Lord please don't allow this vicious sandstorm to tear our tent into shreds. We sacrifice a lot over here & this is all we got. Mercy.
Pls tell me WHY Jared Jeffries didn't make the shot?? He cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite. WTF jeffries could've stayed traded!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 at Westlake
let's do it tonight.
This awesome weather makes me want to camp!
sometimes I wanna slap your Hero.
But is he Cup caliber? I think we will have to wait and see, but the early returns are promising.
Graduating appears with much more obstacles in the way than I'd originally thought.
it's been a Songs for Silverman kind of night. Thanks for that one.
Departures Salon at the Balloon Museum tonight was enjoyed by all! J.D. Huss told great ABQ aviation stories. Thx to Twitterer attendees.
I wondered the same. I kind of assumed that that's what was going to happen.
Love your music man! :) what kind of advise would you give to a young aspiring musician who wishes to make it big someday?plz respond
ok. You're going in the wrong direction for me to offer you a ride then.
looks great!!
Wow.....that would happen to me!
Twine seems like a useful tool, not just for fiction.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Tedious Film
clappinatme with no hands
Nice seeing on the Brebeuf field today, still can't believe I met him.
;P rifles An Airsoft Gun, Airsoft Rifles and Airsoft Pistols for Your Hobby
Got to vent and it felt good .
RT : Put a Ring on it.< can it be plastic..lol
oh, it can!
That is too precious! Looks they've bonded just fine, I'm happy for you all :-)
Claude Giroux head hunting, Cole Hamels intentionally hinting rookies..... You stay classy Philly.
I sweat out funky bass lines all day and night. No one can ever stop me.
Thanks for the follow back! Have a great weekend!
lol i'm okay(: but when #boyzareback Is on , i'm gonna be freakin' jumpy!
there's nobody else, it's gotta be you. <3
Guys~ If You think you look good in your profile picture, because your giving the camera the death stare? You. Look. Constipated.
#acrlny11 didn't know that EU copyright law influences US law...
great! be sure to follow us as well on twitter! we'll send you a DM with contact info.
night night twitter.... exhausted from work but a good night with all the crew# teamchicfila #team kimmiandsarah ;)
I think it has to with the mentality surrounding the party in 2012, combined with the tone taken in the video.
If RINO Romney wins the nomination, I may have to go against my better judgment and vote third party. Santorum the only real conservative.
I'm Mexican but I Got the LUCK OF THE IRISH
well, this is something. RT : you have 70 followers. No one cares what you think.
I'm so bored-___- having bin on twitter for a long time
why can't I ever find people on Twitter? Even when they give me their name/handle/whatever it's called!
Spent an awesome day Ischool discussing digital literacy and actionable data. It's all info.
RT : Thanks for the follow! Just got your newest menu in the mail--everything looks delicious!
- I feel your pain Mark - I had a couple weeks of relapse myself - but I'm back on track - You can do it!!!
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers! We can't wait to cheer you on thru the Post Season!
Hm ... Im trying to make sense of it all. This is gonna take some time...maybe a lifetime.
Get rid of everything that isn't useful, beautiful or joyful.
RT : The only person you can change is you. ~
Why, YES, this IS a Santa Claus t-shirt I'm wearing today & I don't even need to do laundry.
who is can somebody answer the q plz?
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, I'm sorry. -Robert H. Schuller
The weather and my house cooled down so my little kitty is cuddling with me again.
Maj, your metaphors are whack
In the dictionary under "Game 7, I got this" is Kobe Bryant. Wow.
home is relaxing. Watching march madness right now and flying out tomm morning.
Thanks for the RT!
God doesn't always say"yes" to our requests but from my exp, his "No" always turns into a resounding "Thank u Lord" down the road. Jer 29:11
We used to be so close. Now. its like I don't even know you anymore.
follow back papi
"I should try Coors again, now that I have a beer palate, maybe there's a lot of flavor I missed"
Mowing the grass is for peasants!!!.. but I'm on a rider.. so I'm cool .... lol
Lmaoo RT ": RT : YOU EVER GET A WIFF OF A GIRLS ASS DURING SEX AN AINT NOTHING GONNA STOP YOU? • 😭😂😭😂"
Just signed up for #CreativeCups2013 at ! Now I just have to think of an awesome bra design...
Not yet. Been working on other stuff. Haven't had the chance think it through.
Sincerely hate when people don't answer
Oscar time! Looking at our snack spread you'd think it's Superbowl Sunday
Your tea cup gadget is amazing. Please tell me it's real.
great episode last night
me too
I know the girls been on this, but Love On Top go hard
PSU hoops star just rolled in to the to mix it up with
Wow! UCONN is awful! That might be the worst offensive sets I have ever seen in the last 5 min.
David Slade's existential tweets about the future are goin in right now
come back to Chicago!
but he got to fucked up bro lmao, ima go night night bye :]]]
We're having another #Consumer Day TOMORROW at the on the lower level by Sears. Stop by our table from 12 noon to 5pm.
I want to go to LA
Be out on the turnpike early with an edcamp sign. One of the NY/NE attendees will give you a lift
JSG new project = The Ten is a highly curated monthly online exhibit of ten photographic images.
still has to finish his sentence for the drug charge
Thank you VERY much! God's word IS precious! Have a blessed weekend!
Lmfaaooo , sorry ! ii can't tell you my age . ii was a star at a concert ? i got a VIP backstage w. Selena Gomez .
RT : Get off the bench this summer! Time to make ur training plans. Will u become an #Overdog? u will if u train w/ us!
LOL, you druggie!!
There's a chill in the air but we're heating things up with our $5 margaritas tonight! Be sure to join us!
Dude, run out and go see it. Awesome movie. You will NOT be disappointed.
yea I knooowww...(: lol for real?
I would love to help with their online dashboard UX. It's kinda not easy right now :)
where is my Samsung Infuse update!? If it's really coming by the end of August, AT&T better get going!
Is that the one with Bill Pace?
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet!
Well, that's the game. Score there, we can come back. Not without cashing in there. Oh well... I #believe-d... till now.
iPads are available for checkout to GSLIS students! Just stop by the and ask!
Being a mother is a privlage not a priorty.
Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
the nativity scene shouldn't have been put up, so I understand why the sign is up. Normally, I wouldn't like the sign up.
New tunes are sounding dope. We're stepping things up, get ready!
Yes! I'm gonna love the feeling of manliness I feel after I built it
I will pass this information to Putin RT Santorum blasts POTUS "hot mic" moment as "very disturbing." Mispronounces Medvedev
OMG, I just realized follows me! I'm so happy!!!
Max is doing good. Growing like crazy! What do you have planned for the 1st bday? It's coming up quick!
haha your good! But all I can say is I want one of those!!! That's like an explosion of flavor!
Also, we must find a reason to visit KY and check out LVL1 because they are doing some crazy things with it.
eye balls bloodshot red as hell
Wore my favorite t-shirt today to the UK library. Was warned at circ to be careful. Yelled at (booed) on ride home for wearing red. Ops
i'm a waste of your time? ohh ok.
Thanks for the RTs! , ,
Lol RT : Most #Libra's pack on the pounds because they love sweets, cakes, cookies and avoid exercise.
So hungry and tired I might bring back an old staple of my Mom's - the English Muffin pizza!
I spent it in San Diego with my fiance's family. :) ... And is this Chuck??
You are very right! I think the Forbes series was a real stunner to many people.
RT : My brother is visiting Chicago for the first time. He went to Twin Anchors tonight. So jealous. Must eat ribs now.
Will u said it before I could type it!
Good Evening
Why is everyone talking about crawfish today?
Happy Labor Day from the MobiDeals - Baltimore Team! We hope you enjoy your long weekend :)
Whos all in school right now wanting to blow your brains out??
Que mal.
I had nine or so, but they all met bad ends. Storms, coop failures, savage poodles. I keep thinking it's time to try again!
Hahaha... I know but superr true my dear<3
dopest fucking video concept ever. Holy shit. Me and are amazed.
The ignorant and the wise are both engaged in action. But their mental attitudes towards action differ greatly.
I wish I was perfect so I could satisfy everyone
once around the reservoir....
Enjoy! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I need a manager... no seriously I do! Have so much going on right now I can't keep up.
Watched it twice so a friend of mine could see it. He had no idea it was an upcoming series. As I am an actor myself, plz follow.
Thinking I need some audio books read exclusively by the voice of #PureMichigan. So soothing.
You give people the tools to do whatever they want and they will do it to the point of absurdity.
I'm gonna give my son the best life I can because he deserves it 👣👶
Thank you to the Capitol Weather Gang () for their #SOTG2011 forecasts each week!
“It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.” – Helen Keller
Just arrived at the DLD-Dinner in Palo Alto - looking forward to an interesting evening!
Client's boss demands that we have a tour. Homeland Sec. involved. Fortunately, less invasive than TSA clearance endured to get to client.
Bethlehem! 12And may your house be like the house of Perez whom Tamar bore to Judah—through the offspring which the LORD will #Torah 91/99
Toby Keith and Trace Adkins show was great!! The Pearl is a great venue!!
Loving these : My mom taught me how to cook and play the bass guitar. She gave me the tools to be me.”
Happy Easter! Time to eat a chocolate covered jesus candy!
Shopping for tools with my dad is like shopping for clothes with a woman
Do you have a recipe for that?
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. —Eleanor Roosevelt
going to unfollow whoever is not following me, so late replies everyone :)
on top of my 2L bottle!
can u imagine if that cat never had injuries?
This is true.
clue what up!!! can u play that To The Top by Ja Rule off #PIL2? please RT!!!
Your coach is a shithead, tho
thanks for the support. Cheers guys!
At a great entrepreneur seminar with the ccet and tvc.
welcome darling! Yes it is time.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
timee for bed! Hello 9 am wake up call... :(
hey friend - good to hear from you. thanks for the love and we love you! and we mean it :)
THIS >> RT : I feel like Bristol Palin is trying to be and failing miserably.
Countin down the days til New Orleans. Soo excited it's unreal !!
": Assassins Creed I - You know Ubisoft are trying to milk that series now lol."
You can also watch movies on youtube also. Currently listening to Indian music on youtube! :)
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it
I SEE PEOPLE OMN TWITTER STEALING MY NAME, IM DA 1 & ONLY SUPA VILLIAN...EVEN HAD NERVE 2 SPELL IT THE WAY I DO.... FUCK OUTA HERE
action pay per view
only 3 hours away from game 5 cant wait!!!
eating my feelings this evening someone try and stop me
Nope. No one actually knows how to use it, ala "hater" RT : can i get a solid definition of what "trolling" is?
heehee..that's why u & I get along so well..:-)
Here's one to keep in mind: #Aug4 in #Harrisburg PA w/ , , and others TBA. Details when I find out:)
Clark atlanta is live...I love it out here!
haha, you dont disturb me, its fine(:
Yay for that. RT : Tomorrow will be better. We'll all wake up as non- assholes.
I'm thinking about trying to lose 20 pounds and grow 4 inches, any tips?
cut the tips off plastic grocery bags and stuff your toes in those, under your socks, inside your shoes, under wool oversocks:)
What in the world!!!!
That's what happens when you mix up your Twitter feed and your text message screen. Dangerous!
hush diamen lol I got to crystal house in 5 min doin 80 at 320 am with construction
Go ahead Portland, Close more schools! Make classes bigger! Kids these days don't need a real education anyways :rollseyes:
is now asbestos-aware.
Happy New Year!! Happiness, Health and Prosperity in 2011!!
crazy that we felt it!
Thanks. Can you tell your friends to follow him? He really wants to get to 1k
John Kerry, unusually pithy: "No supercommittee can succeed with Grover Norquist as its 13th member."
bet they just go with "Mo". Some Phillies guy from the '40s I think had his initials retired.
You know you're fat when you giggle and your tummy jiggles when you laugh. W/
coming out for Yolandas bday at Plan B?
the physical Rave Archive lives in our house.
On the road home. Goodbye OzArkies. Can't wait to see my girls.
Joe Walsh is insanely good!!! Go Kent This song, not so much!!!
Happy Happy Birthday to You!! Miss u Friend!
I thought Misery was okay. Stand By Me was decent too. But that's just me. :-) Have you seen them? :-)
SWEET! Today is a high of 54°F No lazy Sunday's here- Time for adventure! We are testing out some of our new #tour routes ;)
She think they gone beat her up n she scared
w.e idgaf....I shouldn't anyways...
Norway should change its laws! Longest punishment; 21 years in prison! Can get out after serving 7-8 years if good behavior! Outrageous!
smelling fresh coffee to finish work day :)
Wonderful weekend of local music, camping and characters @ Unistock. Look for my upcoming event documentary. #Loudoun music scene rocks!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"he got me gone off the dick"....more like woo we im glad he gone!
Date night at the movies :-)
sold out so quickly...you'd think they would pick a bigger place
I'm smitten with so most of my comments to her are like, "Bbbddeh...Pretty!...ggoll." Haha!
I wish i knew how to play the drums or the piano they are both dope instruments atleast i think so lol
- it could be the heat or you're not eating right. yeah, that's right. mama's tweeting.
Interesting idea, but the images are far, far more developed and complex than that. They also have a quality that seems to...
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Remember Hey Arnold? Rugrats? CatDog? Rocket Power? Kenan & Kel? The Amanda Show?... When Nickelodeon made sense.
okay, bottle. Sip. Bottle. Guzzle. I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle. Eh? <3
this guy is at my house to change our blinds and he keeps on swearing, its kinda funny lmao
Patrick Hutchinson :win a pair of #MarshallHeadphones? RT this, then answer: What is roadie Hutch's real name?
Do you guys get to keep all those cool shirts you wear? {jackets tonight}
Referees for Game 1 in Boston b/w the Celtics and 76ers: Greg Willard, James Capers and David Jones. Sounds like a three-man bluegrass band.
Do it. No excuses.
Right on! On a related note, I heard Manson was denied parole again today until 2027.
Headed for Jen Bervin and Derek Beaulieu at Segue.
no worries mate, glad you had a good time! What did you have to eat?
that is such a horrible thing to say seriously if you dont like her leave it at that there is no
Excited about using Logic Pro 8 software in the recording studio. Lots to learn, but ready to dive in. Music lesson slots filling up.
need blunts bruh
Stop by to see our friends from to win fun prizes!
#schoolmemories singing at lunch everyday with all the girls
Pretty telling that Vogel's out there on the frontlines, while Skiles sits stone faced.
Sweet!!! I don;t know what the fuck MAVTV is but I see if I have it. Online maybe?
Love SXSW!!! You should come out to Warehouse Live tonight we are bringing the most played artist (18) from SXSW Cody Jasper!
Google unloads an ereader that taps into its own bookstore. Will this change the fact that no one buys books at the Google bookstore now?
That's sad. Jonathan Frid, the man who played Barnabas Collins died last Friday.
I wish my 23 year old self would teach my 28 year old self how to flirt!
Had such an amazing time at 's lil sistas' music recital!! We should try to be as inspired by music as all these kids are.
If everyone stood 2 feet back from the baggage claim carousel, there would probably still be war, famine, etc, but I would be less annoyed.
Great seeing you too. Let's get that coffee soon.
Woohoo we're celebrating another WebDAMiversary! Congrats we're enjoying every day of your customer success managing
": RICK ROSS SHOULD MAKE A MIXTAPE CALLED "SORRY 4 THE WEIGHT""dat some funny shit
For you I bleed myself dry. Yellow by Coldplay.
Friends of the show called IU over OSU and said we'd be 'Tebowing' in January.
do we get free drinks if we come to your bar? :>)
We are 3 likes away from 200 Facebook fans! Share our page and share the Chevy LOVE <3
I DON'T WANNA LOSE YOU TONIGHT
UH-UH, NO WAY. Uh, pool party anyone?
RT : man i miss my mom
well a little after july when we finish the ep!
Yay going to Port Dickson today WE! mood: desprate :-)
glad you found it helpful! Do you have others to add to the list?
Gone head girl, claim yo throne.
Saw this eposide goin to sleep
Just starting a week at the beach. Bittersweet since my Father in law is recovering in hospital from bypass. But he's better every day!
wow really??? whos your sister
Watching Winter's Bone on demand to rounding out all Best Pic. nominees (except 127, which I have no intention of watching) before
Bursts of energy then BAM tuckered out. Waking up from a nap re-charged.
Waking up at 6:30 on the dot when I need to sleep in is annoying...
#Irene - Melville NY - Lots of rain. Some wind. Not nearly as bad as anticipated
. Quoting Yogi Berra "If you don't know where you're going, you are unlikely to get there"
Ladies & Gentlemen #Remede is where it's at!
Before came into my life I missed him so bad.
you got the same minion as me!
White Sox opening day. Let's go Sox.
Don't let your #RecordsManagement program scare you... #TheDataVault is here to assist you! Have a #HappyHalloween !
My Life a Marathon If I Die Today, Would You Rep Tomorrow or Will This Fade Away
Is there a way to fossilize cake? If not, is there a way to ossify, THEN fossilize cake?
I need a new job -_-
No problem, your welcome!
feels like an epic night is upon us.
What's good bro? You good?
ohh no, sick cats are so sad. What happened?
congrats on winning two junos!!!1 so proud of you! (:
Mormon drinking games: Jamaican style ginger beer shots, followed by a bite of a lime wedge. Thanks
spider where are youu!?!?! cant sleep knowing you're in my room!
#diving the lake w/ this Sunday then off to Florida w/ I've forgotten what warm water feels like
Who said anything about iPhones? I'm talking on my web server that hosts my email accounts.
Feb 18 recording list announcement soon. Have a favorite song of ours you want for full recording. Not too late. Leave your recommendation.
“: awesome!” I'm so excited that Brandi and Dana retreated my rap about the RHOBH! Letsclaireify.blogspot.com
On the game.
Smh I need someone to sleep next to thats why im still up
Ditto that!
You know it bring your mother,father.sister grandma to #bruins #2dollardraft #Denise !!!!!!
Yes u should. Streaming online free on Hulu. Watch it and you'll know why I just mentioned it. (But u prolly already guessed.)
As soon as a rival sees you as competition, you've already won.
Did you know?! " In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleaner-related accidents" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Ready to be off work, only 4 more hours! At least it's
u should listen to the atreyu version of that song...
Or go with real true friends who I don't have to please and they're fine with me the way I am. Yah I choose the second one.
so deep carla. How u been?!? Love the new track btw!!!!
Back in the US!!!!
“: I know i said i wasn't going to tweet during playoffs but i couldn't resist." That's why
Happy birthday!! I hope you have a great day!
how dare you! Rocks!
feel better!!
im playing prototype 2 and every now and then the walking dead
Anyone know of a 40" automatic die cutter that can handle 9mm chipboard stock? That's some thick stuff! DM me if you do. www.BRAUSSE.com
My mom has seen every episode of that show and quotes it daily...hahaha
I'm back, thanks for welcoming me with open arms today! But when is #naptime?
That's hilarious if true. RT : Cuonzo in play at Illinois? Only at UT. “: Cant be true, right?
Ugh. I got asked the "biggest weakness" question. I hate that one.
Still holding . . .
Oh noes! Hoping this research effort isn't driven by need to understand a real situation at your school.
History has repeatedly demonstrated that new companies and entrepreneurship are the way to bolster a flagging economy.
Who else thought the education lady on the career panel looked like matt smith?
NEWBORN KITTENS!
I shot a reply. Thanks for passing along. I'll see what it is all about.
I haven't uploaded pictures of my cat to fb in at least six months! What kind of a pet owner am I??
wts up wit u
"come on Lumpy, take a dump! Take a dump Lumpy!!! - new yorker yelling at his dog outside my window
reflection time is a creeper issue in this realm. Going to matter more and more
Reminder: This is twitter. This is not a therapy session.
woah woah woah Can i be in this? Idint know what it is though
Happy mother's day to all the amazing mums out there.
does the ac and heater work?
Six roles of moral leadership. 1 - the Needler. Robert Egger. Dorothy Day. The ones who say the kind has no clothes.
quick hood question: is sagging still cool? I've been waiting for years for that fad to run its course but I've seen it a lot today
Ha! check it out: RT : Working on another story with Johnny Gannon. He knows everything
Happy holidays gerlie! Hope they're joyful and full of sparks!
The rich caramel color of my joe reminds me of the smooth, silky skin of my last lover. I swirl it with finger only to watch it turn paler.
#cnndialogues :the regimes are saying: see what is happening in Egypt and Libya? Do you want that? She says YES!! Big applause.
Anyone have a link to Bob & Jim's post-game show on FSW from Game 1?
Goodnight World!!! Hope everyone has a blessed week :)
Did someone say Beer Pong? Tomorrow is the final game of our summer drinking games tournament! Come
“: Small biz are very, very cost conscious, too. They don't want to hear about what they can't afford anyway. #SHRMChat” true
I should be arriving in SLC late Wednesday night, and leave Sunday morning, so we'll figure out a time to meet up eventually.
The key to happiness: Stop trying to be someone else's idea of perfect.
oh you mean yeah he is pretty sweet.
I don't know how to help you. I don't know what to say or do. I just know that I am here for you...today...tomorrow...when you need me...
HiS FRIENDLY ASS
Did anyone notice the Aloha shirt. Gotta love casual Friday at the office. Hope that everyone stayed warm this weekend.
MT : If fact, can you name even one effective growth policy? //Not a Lib, But does Unemployment Count?
thank you thats very nice :)
About to be super late!
We are casting for the pilot 'Smash'. A NBC show featuring Katharine McPhee and Debra Messing. Call 212-391-4668 or 212-391-8483 for info
Where is everyone watching fireworks tonight?
If weed is ever legalized, the commercials would be so funny.
why can I not follow you? :(
If you were in my shoes.. you'd live life the same way
Urban Tour Host Team present last night at the Little Haiti Optimists, Opening of Postgraffitism at Cafeina and New Art Space on Flagler
RT : I want the US housing industry to offer highly efficient energy-wise houses as is built in Sweden. Plz RT
and suddenly it becomes a busy day. Trauma, adenocarcinoma, Factor 10-A...this is why I love working in a hospital!
COCOA HIGH SCHOOL MATE
GETTING READY TO HEAD OUT TO REJECTS SPORTS BAR!! COME WATCH THE PLAYOFFS WHILE YO BOY MIXES IT UP!!
already I gotta stay focus
why are people shooting at churches?
Fatty Cue on Carmine plus hooch-by-the-bottle plus weirdos plus maca powder is definitely getting weird!
Yo! Did you get my Facebook message?
thanks my man, the food and wine are quickly making up for it!
What comes around goes around like a hula hoop. (:
some vimeos don't work on ipads and iphones, but if you get to a laptop or desktop you should be fine.
Doc Harvard Park covers Darryl Strawberry's youth in Compton. Now streaming on Thot u mite b curious.
#agoodboyfriend is a man who believes in all your crazy hopes and dreams.... and learns to just deal with your crazy b/c he loves you <3
Have a good wknd...wherever you're at!
hey this is mandie. He is is jail u did not see it on the news.
You got that right D...
Thanks for helping me overcome mental barriers so I can enjoy my blessings in 2012
Sitten in indus tech with hannah:D
Of course! Did you scream!?
Critics expect me to underachieve.
Girls dont dress for boys, they dress for themselves. If girls dressed for boys, they’d just walk around naked all the time.
you gonna intercept that tornado?
Dear can you please inform your announcers that Bright Dike's last name is pronounced 'deekay'? Very insulting.
Procrastination could've delaying your blessing.
ya what do you need help with
Sure sweetie :)
There's only one life and one love so there can only be one king
": #MM My heart is overflowing with love for these people..." Clean up on Aisle 12 ... haha. Love you too girl!
Don’t miss happy hour (FREE drinks) at #PPAIEXPO booth 4353, 4:30pm!
beach with my cheer team! ;D HOW BOUT YOU?!
Rainier tastes better at work.
song request 'just came to say hello' plug it in for section 116!
I'm not positive, but I'm guessing you're in L.A..? ;)
"The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things."...
what day of the week is that?
Ladies free all night tonight
RT : One of the BEST DPR Events: 12th Annual Heart to Hart Tennis Experience at Southeast Tennis and Learning Center - Saturday 9-3!!
Deron Williams is out tonight with a "stomach virus" against Portland, who owns New Jersey's 2012 pick, which is top-3 protected.
RT: : I don't know why people like raves or go to them .
there oughta be a rule: no talking politics at the dog park.
All hail paperbag man
#SMASH TIME! Get your Uma on!
Hank, take your religious trolling elsewhere.
Traider's Joe I won't trade you for anything ;-) So glad I found you!
Scary and exciting, no?
Haha! I wish.
My bf out here looking like a bum...
And we are thrilled to have you back!
oh my god hahahah #shaking ❤
Lt. Gov. Joe Garcia is lead-off witness. Says he and Gov. Hick both support ASSET bill.
Tonight would have been way more fun if it was ALL-INCLUSIVE like Big Night on NYE.
Finally got some pizza after 5 days
300 followers in two days!
This system has been getting a lot
hopefully tomorrow! I just got off the phone with Rora, she's figuring stuff out c:
Whatever Busta Rhymes just said.
Well I got to show off my clapping and smiling acting skills today. HaHa! Joke's on me.
Greinke almost hit one out-warning track to Left center
haha oh ok
Right on big guy.
RT Already told hmom I'm gonna stop diet. Besides I'm not slim, I ll get sick soon. My shape is very fat! Need an exercise more!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore? Try never mind. The Raven
Watching the jerzathon
#GoIrish Sad to see Aaron Lynch go but sometimes It's best to cut a man loose, even if he is a beast
Please follow as he nears 500 followers. One of our greatest presidents!
I've been listening to 's Being There album this evening and I forgot how great it is. Don't listen to it much. (Prefer others)
Will the #Yankees make it? Versatile Vander Pluym Brings Wide Range of Talents to New SPEED™ Show -- Stuntbusters CHARLOTTE, N.C.--(BUS
Last lab of the semester! Leggo
yep saw it too :D
Planning on exercising less to keep the hunger at bay?
I'm appalled that you allow users to promote death threats! I'm talking about the account Pull his account now!
I would if I could.
Was just reading a #SPED blog. It's remarkable how many people use #negativereinforcement synonymously with punishment.
Going to eat the carrots and get better eyesight.
whatever dog it is, it's better than yours:)
Ayo I'm tired of using technology
looking forward to playing Rockpaper this Saturday night!
D3, you come out. I'm gonna play you into the ground.
Damn somebody just bought a bottle and that bih came out in a CAGE!! THE F!?
Ive got so much to give, i just wanna share it with everyone! Get me somewhere people need help and wisdom. I wanna teach without teaching.
Sneakers say a lot about me, my personality, my style and my mood. <3
Humans continue to become stronger and live longer, computers are faster and smarter like us...both are still beaten by simple viruses!
very nice!! I agree with Carrie, Skylar!! “: You're amazing, girl! Now hurry up and get to Nashville!”
Is there any way I could contact you regarding cinematic music videos for your clients?
Gettimg ready to study :o)
75 degrees and sunny in San Diego today!! Jealous?
Think like a man , HELLA funny ! : )
happy fuckin' birthday!
If your on Spring Break this week contact me to the the EXCLUSIVE locations of our underground beach parties..
Thanks for the support! Blessings!
Nolan Fox has mastered riding a two-wheeler thanks to the Strider bike his dad won playing cribbage at my house!
I assembled it...American Girl made it ;). Merry Christmas!
Buxton, get Netflix, immediately, proceed to lost about 3 hours of productivity per day
Have a minute? www.knowledgesafari.com click blog. A reader has a ? abt #autism, a new dx, where to begin! Can u help?
man this grown man food... This food will tear the lining out your stomach....
You wouldn't like me if I was angry.
cracks me up that at my homebase bar, all the regulars introduce whoever they drag in to the bartenders.
Once you build a high traffic website other business opportunities will arise. Be open to make more revenue from complementary sources.
Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33
It is fantastic. I had a salad & R had this amazing chicken. I want to go back & try the whole menu. Relatively reasonable, too.
My 606th tweet goes out to just because She's amazing c: I love her :3
made it to the office - yay! Thanks for spreading the vermont love in SF on a friday afternoon!
we're cooking dinner tonight for a friend! any chicken dish suggestions?
lol i think i should
Small world. I lived on Klanggasse my summer at the Jüdisches Museum and walked by Rotensternstrasse every day.
Working on space usage of a new office space and test kitchen in Kenesaw Ga.
And if you listen to the podcast, he's not messing around. He's being very, very serious.
Thanks for the shout out!
Our Talent Show Dis Firday.,! :) Lets She Who Gotd Talent.,?
To be positive at all times is to ignore all that is important, sacred or valuable - Kurt Cobain (part I)
yeah! We can't wait to celebrate all the mamas with you, Fiona & Puss In Boots this weekend at Celebrate Mama
Doing the radio thing on Listen for the latest on the GOP candidates here in WI today, and Mega Millions!! Plus weather & sports!
Omegle, because I have no real friends.
Weis Markets offers in-store flu clinics
" I'll never get to lick him...."
Braces or no braces I'll still love you no matter what,I promise<3 #iloveyousomuch #Mahomie4Life <33
Father-son baseball moments are the best.
i am going to your concert in 2013 i love u
You're here?
Only If you hate dripping nanni juice on em ... Lol
see what God has for you - refine the vision - clear and accurate discernment via
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone. -- John Maxwell
they never like the parts of the Bible that apply to them
Currently using wi-fi on a bus in Hong Kong--a reminder of how much the U.S. needs to improve their transportation.
South Dakota has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'm always here for you when you need me, so why can't you be here for me when I need you?
I've got Skype on my iPod, that would probably work.
sorry I missed you! I went over right after my tweet. Hope you had a good time in #Boston proper.
I like how I get the severe weather text for the warnings at 12:45. The exact time that the warnings expired.
My sister ruins all my plans -_-
You are one in a million.
#ATL FOLLOW Up and COMING Rapper NOW
Rip Borders. :(
Place. Aerial. Play --- w Bong.
someone copied my debit card in Arizona and bought Christmas presents.... I am not happy with
2DC! now 1,000 strong...join the massive...Respect !
bought & downloaded the app but never really used. Perhaps I should give it a go, combined with IFTTT, thx for the tip.
Thanks for the follow Like your Rothko, too.
your so cute omg
Instruction does not prevent wasted time or mistakes; and mistakes themselves are often the best teachers of all. - James Anthony Froude
RT : An incredibly gorgeous day! Enjoy Yours, every miraculous second! It's all Yours, What will You Do with It? Lori Moreno [:)]
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes... #Christmas is all around me and so the feeling grows!
Day 23 with our a cigarette! Fuck you cigarettes!
nice to meet you too! Hope to see you at the next meetup.
Rock and Roll.A.Blunt..
It just hit me that I had some sort of dream with Braden Holtby and pho.
How did you know?!? #Expchat :-)
Me: I have a nosebleed Mother: have you been using cocaine? Me: No Mother: pussy
Happy Mother's Day #Milwaukee beautiful day :)
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live.
glad you liked my pic big boy! Sending an autographed Kobe Bryant ball to you right now!
I really wanna sleep I'll start it tmw I got no sleep lastnight lol !
truth is i like being single, truth is im lying :(
My name is & I like drake better than tupac.
waitin on the bae to call we got alot to talk about tonite
Hope everyone is indoors & staying warm! If you have to travel, make sure you have a flashlight & extra food and water in your car.
he already finished his homework
Hello, April ☀🌷
Christmas Countdown begins! Specials are here for you. We at Galaxy Digitizing are here at your services.
I'm free pretty much any day after six. And I don't know, Blizzard is just being a dick. It's all good, screw that game. :P
I hate how life isn't fair
Are u coming over or what?
The road less traveled may be rough and scary but still worth the adventure
Come on bro, I'm running out of patience ;)
This is a pivotal moment in our history. If Romney wins & the GOP controls Congress & thus the SCOTUS, darkness will descend...
Latinos Hate White Neighbors. They Always Get Mad Cuz The Bachatas Too Loud Or The Carne Asada Is Making The Grill Smell Burnt. Be Coo Bro
Just got off wrk and we r arguing already...I need a vacation asap....
thanks for taking care of Ashton this weekend he loves his uncle vinny!!!
Why do Seattleites complain so much about the weather? it's gonna be 55 degrees here today - and sunny!
Cant upload my video on your website can I just send you a vimeo link?
Def. noticed lack of the big man with the Boss. Rt : Thanks, LL. I rescind my last tweet. Good job,
Am I just a re - bound ? Like seriously wtf
idk if someone hates on Austin there gonna wish they were dead cus no one messes with my man..
its not a lie.... Haha
NU DTA & RUGUE ON DECK!! SH#T IS SWEET OVER HERE @ NWC GUD DEALS & CHEAP THRILLS WE HOLD U DOWN & WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Operationbirthday. Now in effect. It's almost here
It's #followalibrary day! Follow and
I ain't got no nigga, I'm throwed off that liquor....☺😃😊☺
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
keep writing good work Paul
44: You're a cutie(: Tweet me more!
Love your work. Please follow me. Fellow filmmaker.
and so is
having to get up early all this week <<<<
that scooby doo was the scariest show ever..
MISTER ROGERS ON TIME POLLUTION: "that our world needs more time to wonder and reflect about what is inside."
I didn't, unfortunately. I already sent an email to that address. Please let me know if there's a way to still get tix. Thanks!
hey guys I'm fat.
up watching this law & order #community episode... lmao.
Do you know anyone looking to hire? Just thought I'd throw that out hah--I'm looking. Pick up that sax and play on!
RT How long you guys gonna talk about "famous girl" and when you guys gonna realize they are not getting back together!!!
Let me know a time Fri I will be there!
If I know someone's fishing for compliments or trying to get attention, I absolutely refuse to give it to them.
Fresh out da shower
"...magical some might call it." <3
once again has interwebz at home. No more support group is necessary.
Five Spice Roasted Pork Banh Mi with foie mayo, cukes, pickles on a French Bag
she did amazing job
SHE pays homage to ancestors kujichagulia ujima she pops and locks to sweet honey & the rock
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time & see you.
I'm tired of seeing Mothers Day stuff... Especially when Fathers Day aint gone even look this.. Sad
Outta sight outta mind
#takeashower #lol it was the taco not me!!
I looked up my people in Wikipedia lately, after mentioned it. Recent edits had sanitized; you can guess what I exclaimed.
My sinuses are stuffy:(( ughh it hurts
tell everyone to bring $7.75 to the bookstore tomorrow. Who's paying for the extra shirts?
Too funny. Repub friends can't stand it that Prez Obama pulled trigger on OBL. One year later, OBL is still dead.
Romans 8:28- all things work together for the GOOD! Amen!!!
The West Coast doesn't consist of just California cities, you know.
Oh , I sense a little sexism in your #pintermission campaign. Did you know Facebook is stickier (i.e. people hang on the site longer)?
7 SEAS BREWING (2 Year Anniversary) Gig Harbor today : Beer, B-B-Q , live music by Perry Acker, Shy Boys, China Davis and SweetKiss Momma.
Thank you for the follow! Check us out On Music Mondays!
So according to studies a lady's favorite day and time for sex is Saturdays at 11:00 pm.
Exactly 100 years ago (to the minute) the #Titanic sank. Chilling, horrifying, scary stuff.
