This crazy habit I have is running away from love maybe u can be the exception to that. ~Taylor swift
": head over here already lol" when school ends ill try to go up there LOL
#NP this neyo song single. Kinda feeling that track
what happened to blake griffin tonight was what i was hoping would happened to him since last season.
Where are you going? You don't need to fly to get to Helen
Who's heading down to the Maple Sugar Days at the Wehr Nature Center on Sat 3/24 and Sun 3/25? Family fun!
The death of the CD is nowhere in sight! We're jamming!! Hit us for your CD & DVD replication & custom t-shirt printing! Thanks everyone.
What do you think of our home in the 3rd Ward?
So they really playing swag surfin on the radio?!?!? *changes station*
The REALCHANGE Project continues: Say Yes to Education Gala Tonight!
Thx Kristen, it was! Hope you are settling in well to your new exciting gig in NYC.
need to try some
thanks AL!!! Right back at ya! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
In 1 wknd it went from baseball season to football season to hockey season in philadelphia.
Add to that surround sound, if you have that kind of system, and Blu-ray is still a very attractive option.
Bittersweet. Was renewed for half season & it will probably be its last because NBC doesn't know what they are doing.
Hey happy birthday and I had a great time last night! Thanks for having us over!
My belly hurts 😰
We do this lol ": Looking at your bestfriend and laughing because you know what they're thinking."
Greetings Ms. King! Is there an email address in which you can be contacted? Thank you!
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Casting for my new Video MFL'ER email all pics and contact info to check in with for more info
follow back for business inquires I would love for u to be the face of my upcoming hair launch
I shall text you now BUT my service is out and I promise I will text you! And I getta new phone sometime so ill wanna text
Aww.. Mombo Jombo. Fitting that you'd have a sing-song name for her like that :)
I wish I was
Good luck today to all the Boston Marathon runners! Be safe!
#thatawkwardmoment when a guy sends a mass text and doesn't know you have an iPhone
Casey KotchRocket says Matt LaPorta can keep his ass in A lol
Can't wait til and I are in Albany and Pittsburgh to see !!! Valentine's day with my 3 Fav. boys? YES PLEASE!
"It's worked so far but we're not out yet"
Thanks for the RT!
HOLLER IF YA HEAR ME, a new musical featuring the songs of Tupac Shakur and directed by Kenny Leon, is being prepped for a Broadway run.
definitely ok so when r u free?
Phillies vs. Yankees today at 1:05 televised on CSN. Cole Hamels starts on the bump for the Phightens. Can't wait!!
Criminal justice exam.. Come at me bro
no worries :D
Now at 367. Wow!
it's none of their fucking business, you hate when people get into your shit, tell them to get out of mine.
I was just as pleased upon learning that one of Brooklyn's newer yogurt shops would also be called Culture!
Pasta & garlic bread.... Home-made...
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in LBC sell out expected!! Pre-Sale tickets available @ www.FlavorUs.com/SevillaThursdays
Haven't been tweeting lately because I've been drinking with underage kids and going to the "Evans School Prom".
oh no! Sending you positive vibes from Boston :)
My friends putting me down yesterday saying I will never meet and he will never notice me. 
Makes sense. Those hundred flowers aren't supposed to bloom in the fridge.
I think a small DIY kitchen facelift is in order this weekend.
We are happy to serve!
deep thanks, hope to visit & perform some time in the future! cheers. -CK
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Super Bowl?
on the plus side... Only like 17 more years till you get to experience a buzz again
Austin Mahone,you're my life<3
Teach Me How To Dougie :D Pleasee?
I love you more! :)
Are you kidding me. Netflix doesn't have Better Off Dead. What a joke. An epic waste of money. Good thing I own the Beta. I mean DVD.
Please follow these nice followers of mine! ! Thank you guys for the #FF!
Kellin Quinn's daughter will be hot.
Wow , often wonder the same thing? Its funny because we always seem to want more, despite having everything we need
GLAM (Galleries, Libraries, Archives, Museums) gets award for best #aam2012 acronym. Brings to mind sequins & gold lamé.
i think i just fell in love with a map called squirrel highways by denis wood
Change is good... Or is it
Movies Opening This Week Movies Opening in Theatres This Week
“: Hey #ASAEGW come to the #ASAEtech "March Radness" Happy Hour at #DC on 3/15 sponsored by #assnchat”
Massage relieves stress, eases back and neck pain, among other wellness benefits!
U're welcome.GREAT SOURCE OF INFO!My goal is2help people achieve their dream:go2 college.I was helped;now is my turn
You are not into the nasty bits,but go to Rome for pizza! If you get taken to dinner don't ask what Quaratella is !
Late start Monday <<< still gone be tired…
Watching Montana in the LLWS...they are from Billings, but still I feel like I have to pretend I'm a Montanan and root for them.
Writing continues... announcements very soon.
Correction: To donate to the American Red Cross, text "redcross" to the number 90999.
RT : eating at Gingham... - So far so delicious.
ABC's upcoming fall "Malibu Country" sounds oddly similar to the plot of "Hannah Montana."
That's might be a good start.
We are gonna watch dumb and dumber? Well yes i'm american hahaaha
RT : include quick (~30s) interviews of highly visible entrepreneurs who relay a story @ FAILING at this #lrnchat <GOOD one
“: offically listening and loving #withoutyou” thank you! Xo
Lots of love to all my new (and not so new) followers. Your support is much appreciated. I need to start talking again.
BRO I WANNA GO. SKATEBOARDERS ARE DE SHET.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao
Let's go CUBS!
haha! i'm just sitting at home watching tv lol
Today I got to touch a shark and see a lion for the first time in my life .. now time for a nap then some hardcore studying
so glad it helped and that you were able to finish up the test. A scavenger hunt was a great idea!
Are you girls doing any after work events? Let me know. Thanks.
very brave of you Katie ;)
RT : Sometimes we treat the Bible like our country's Constitution, with too many amendments, conforming to what we want it to be.
Spot on!
Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
Battle of L.A # Dos or Tres. I can't remember. Still good. Watching on the East coast though so it's damn late.
No luck getting signed to mostly because we're holding out for the big-time money and steez with
Putting my portfolio together!
Increase shot clock to 30, add 5-count and shorten season from 82 games to 60.. Now we're talking!!
's singing sesh in the shower right now is really tempting me to record her.
I love white people. Only you guys will chase wild animals with cameras and make a tv show. "Animal Planet, Deadliest Creature, Cops..."
thanks brother, spread the world!
All I need is the #centralparkloop and my music. PEACE.
unaddressed? The point of the editorial was to address attacks from left re: time in Minnesota
Fair enough! I'm not sure how many "mod bloggers" there are, but there should be more... in bowler hats
wow, small world! sorry to miss you.
Joel osteen taught u that? Lol
good luck
I just kinda estimated the amount of damage it's done to the world and then put that as the reward
Happy mothers day!:)
Your face tickles my pickle
Why o WHY would u ever put a light switch behind a door? Its a cruel joke that builders probably laugh about every night before they sleep.
I *LOVE* that 's at bat song is Bieber's "Boyfriend"
you have pretty pretty eyes Cody!
Paul George : a beatles super-fan?
We get it you drink, smoke, and party all the time. You can stop tweeting about it.
Smooth move AJ!! Good grief!!
mine too!!!! I'm a very logical person but unfortunately not everyone operates out of logic..then I get stressed out ..sux
On The Fone With My Bby
What a fine establishment this hospital is. You can tell they really care.
GREAT, you drive to bobo next
There is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a chance when you really don't.
Finally getting fast internet service in Stowe, VT. Life is good.
DANG IT! that stupid zumba song is stuck in my head!!!!
Things seem to be escalating in Korea and I worry endlessly about my dear friend in #southkorea .....
Awkward!! Can't wait for this to be over...
Okay, this whole 'spring forward' thing is highly over-rated. Can we just 'fall back' now ... please?
Fear not, paultards...your fearless leader is conspiring to secretly steal all the actual delegates. Onward!!
I love it that the checks out the hockey score during intermission. They won.
Update: I was just told by uncle Gene that he has a collapsed artery, and is getting stent surgery & he should be OK ?!?
Finally watching The Hunger Games! My roommate is letting me third-wheel her date to the movies.
Exactly 100 tickets left to Grab your pass soon. I'd hate for you to miss this event.
Its nice in spring:)
I am getting addicted ! Can't stop buying. Love what you are doing. Today's offer is fantastic.
#tacos! #beer! gets me. She really gets me.
Haa brother comes home with a Krispy Kreme hat :P
Working on a small project to keep me busy in between big ones.
hey , you gonna be in town tomorrow? I'm spinning my new mix at Voyeur on the main floor
Why yes I did bring my own beer cup to the movie theater I'm seeing #moneyball at.. Why do you ask?
School out's for the summer. How shall I fill the next 10 hours. Will involve 40's, alleys, art.
Word. RT : Netflix killed Blockbuster, and Hulu will kill Netflix. So much death, and I still can't watch live TV on the internet.
having a really hard time containing myself
RT : Tomorrow, we'll live blog the release of a sea turtle. We'll be on the beach at 8am for minute by minute updates as our...
“: Miami and Laker fans think they can't lose.” << shit idk what Lakers fans you know, but I know we can get our ass beat lol
looks great!
if you could somehow combine those two things.... Traffic storm.
have a great trip.
Maxwell + Jill Scott at MSG presale tomorrow!
Be safe. Be happy. Get a designated driver tonight.
ANN IM OUTTTAAA HERE
it is cold here..I wish we could trade a little bit of extra heat/cold and make perfect layering weather in both TX and NY! LOL!
Read a great great script by Dan Fogelman (Crazy-Stupid-Love) called "Nathan Decker" Thought it was for Steve Carell....nope: Ben Affleck!!
If you glare a lot or take anything said on stage seriously, please stay at home tonight. Two shows at Flappers Claremont
God damn. Let's be realistic here. Maybe I should just keep my mouth shut. But fuck.
STOP AT NOTHING!!!!
“ RT : Mosquitos don't just bite you. They also urinate on you after sucking your blood.”
would you bring back the shamrock shake?
Wow my school just had a power outage. And right in the middle of my project I was working on in my computer graphics class
I have finally finished unpacking and restoring my feng shui.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to plant a big one on her lips...#No #Words just do it my thoughts.
Follow Back Friday: Thanks
RT : Yeah, but that's the way we get down, in a hicktown. -Jason Aldean
just ate a pint/haagendasz/sweet death
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude toward us-Unk.Remember #attitude has a tremendous impact on every aspect of our lives!
I was there...I heard you...
Brilliant across the board!
i just shared the lol trailer to my facebook people liked it & shared too come on lionsgate i cant wait ah!
Full moon tonite!
WHAT, NO, Why would you want to deactivate ur account!?
Almost 6pm in Chicago and it's still light out! Thank you DST. This week will be full of great warm weather. Can't wait!
I know. Give it a try, I think they're playing some great stuff.
Whens the next youtube video comeing out!!!
Check out our GM Jerry Keyes on promoting our $79 Snowed in rate! #snow # downtownchicagohotels
I remember when Donovan was Rick Pitino's on court extension at Providence.
for real? where at?
I believe all suffering is caused by ignorance.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree, but still hold hands
People ask me, "R. L. What makes what you have to say different from the rest?" Well, I have the credentials, the potential, & the influence
Watch of for the medallion, my diamonds are wracklace. feels like theres a midget hangin from my necklace.
i thought someone was on my roof....but it turns out it was an earthquake
you know it! 6pm. small changes so check the deal :)
what the hell
I think you have to add both of them together.
HOLY SHIT SO GOOD!!! ah this was one of my favorites also!!!!!!
I want to send a special shout out to our seniors, the Class of 2012.
So what is in NONvegitarian wine? O_O RT “: Did you know that there is such a thing as vegetarian wine?!”
This is my 4th anniversary on Twitter, or my 1st if you're one of *those* people.
I agree!!!
HEy ladies wo all got F.M.B? i know i do and if you don't you need to get some.
oh! lol i didnt see ur 1st post got it tho! and that was some funny shit crazy ass british kid lol
P.J Soles said i looked beautiful in red lip stick
Me too! Enjoy it for me...hoping it's not 104 there!
Going to go insane
you on summer break bro?
Work begets work.
I wanted to join the TRS street team so badly but they never emailed me back
#cil2010 confusing, inconvenient, slow, less than immediate information access, limited or incomplete collections all = Broken.
ok, which school is that? and would anyone have heard of us out there?
Bengals are playing really well this year
we are "really" friends
Just putting the finishing touches on episode 2 of Super Duper. Coming May 1st.
. on KDKA in the 6 o'clock hour.
looks amazing, thanks for sharing! And glad you enjoyed.
very little. Mostly in the Lin Shaye explanation of 'the further' scene, that was for story not for tech.RX cleaned up the rest.
Something is afoot.
KEEP CALM AND HAVE
I didn't wanna leave...
Happy #CincodeMayo everyone! Who's going to celebrate in their parks?
Otherwise I might just lapse into wall staring.
“: Those actually sound comfy. Key, though, is you don't wear them outside the house (I think).” -- or with a skirt
Pacino making a mob movie with Christopher Walken right now, 2 dinosaurs shootin the place up.
#schoolmemories tornado drill. I liked doing those for some reason(x
Well, don't look at me!
And the winner is...Amber!!
T1 I think Nurses Week matters. It's important for people to get acknowledgement of their hard work
Gettin people to "beat me up" isn't gonna solve anything.. Your gonna end up dead..
Don't forget -- all brand Facebook pages are switching to the Timeline format on Friday. Are your pages prepared?
follow me<3
but then you aren't I'm the casino, gaming...
Do all discussions pertaining to spatiality ultimately derive their bases from geometry?
lol. Glad you are carrying on the tradition!! 😊 💚
When your mom can't figure out which button turns the Keurig off lol
Top o' the morning to ya Twitter-land! -Jared
There is no magic bullet, no secrete, and no shortcut to the shortcut. The basics will get you to your goals.
david chung???
#TorturedSoul is amazing!!! I had no idea that the lead singer plays the drums. How does he play house drums & sing? Crazy!
yeah. Too funny.
Makin' bread crumbs.
Thanks again Chicago crew for another awesome shoot!
thank you for the interesting tweets, they're much appreciated !
um hello? i want them!
What If Ozzy Was YOUR Father? The man himself has a few tips 4 U!
Didn't see Bluebeard but heard good things. The one I liked was The Sleeping Beauty.
What a beautiful day in November here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin! The Goldeneye ducks have arrived in the lake waters around the park.
Participants create their own vision for America at My American Zine which begins now!
My eye is starting to twitch. Is that from high stress or lack of sleep?
Why be FAKE when you can be REAL retweet dat
She gave me first kiss!She put it right here on my lips! I've never ever felt like this from a K-I-S-S kiss! -Matt Hunter <3
RT : #cnnzombies since you are doing this study, should we assume you will discover this virus and inevitably cause the apocalypse?
BLACK WEDNESDAY, WE ARE OPEN!!!!!!!!!
Union Station! is true, PIERRE wil be sahring lunch with you tomorrow!....Stay hungry my friends!
I have been single for a year and a half now I am ready to get into all kinds of trouble! ;)
bin lin at gpls is a #gangstalibrarian cataloger. i'm really enjoying her presentation style -- very personable.
Cool to have drop by our tailgate yesterday to shoot some footage. Too bad no one will get to see it.
When I go on tumblr and I see Mat Musto's new post. I'm dead.
i wanna swim today. take me to your pool.
May I have a RT? Pls? RT : Friendlies, all new Happy Endings tonight on American Broadcasting Channel at 930!
All that matters is your heart. And the intentions it has.
Tonight we play Irving Plaza New York City. Come out and get your waddle on! Holla
Would anyone like to swap resumes and provide feedback to each other? DM me if interested!
Even tho I lied to him he can actually sang lol 😍 haha
How was your day? :) love you. Follow me?
Pistol off in my boxers i aint got time to be boxin
I love my new friends on twitter :)
Swagg bout to go see my car today thats a bet
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
RT : my mom heard you on kiss108 again this morning
very well and you?
whos emily b?
Happy Hour starts in 20 minutes. 1/2 price sushi, wine & beer!
Spending some over due time with ....just you wait.
Special thanks to and everyone else that came out to show support.
So bummed I missed at #smbmad today! Hope to see them at the 5/20 Dogs on the Square event.
my Poe suggestion: The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether
BREAKING NOW -- FIVE DEAD in house in Port St. John in Brevard County.
my pleasure sir :o)
When people ask me weird questions i have a hard time answering it truthfully
Haha.. burpees can suck a dick, though.
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers. :)
I think its time to call it a night and get some sleep :)
LTHS & LTMS are schools involved in
Happy birthday
I like to see people helping each other!
3 days..then back next week. Fyi--have phils-cubs tix May 17.
when is Hugh next show or performance in London?
S/O to follow him he follows back
dm your number
Stories Abound as NHRA Comes to Atlanta: A Fan&#39;s View
i'm going to need you to calm down...you crazy Paxon alumni...smh
foreal, no one got more #dressgame, or #Sw in Bristol.
RT : Need more Debussy in your life? Free Stop, Look and Listen! this Saturday, 3:30PM, at the !...
cutters the reinforcer football gloves | ReceivingGlovesz (USA)
Went to the store with gabby
#green tea to gangrene: #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your health questions!
oh hell yeah man!
Jones Hall, turn the A/C on in the ladies room. Now!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Spinning the #RoyalsWheelOfBlame. Tonight's winner? The wheel broke trying to figure it out.
Movies not reports.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg has declared Oct 25-31 Magic Week to celebrate the work of magicians. Not something we would do in Toronto, eh?
Omg, last night was an effing mess, smdh
I would have kept on playing until they tell me to turn off the comp.
I can only begin to imagine the glee that my 15 year old self would feel watching and on Twitter.
Do you think the arts are habit-forming?
Never!!!! This tree branch will not beat me, I'm gonna chop it up and show it who's boss!! Muahahahahaaa!!
when's that storm going to be here?
Standing here nd I'm getting heated, pour me up a drink I swear I need it. I think I'm about, bout to hurt somebody.
Where are you going?? You are right near home for me
that's awesome that you went! Lucky you, you got to see some Wack Packers! I really wanted to go to Tampa but it didn't work out.
why does life have to take a giant shit on me whenever something seems like it even has the POTENTIAL to go right?
I don't have a choice but i still choose you
Get ready for Jet Set tomorrow night with with
Stupid Halloween why am I always sick on this damn holiday....
thanks so much for following! you guys are awesome! (:
All my calls tonite are "What Can You Do For Me?".I can do alot with Cash and Cosignor. Agent Potter
Forgetting you have homework <<<<
Thanks so much for the follow, great to be connected with so many people across the pond.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. - Philippians 4:13.
Woo hoo!! Closing in on 45 pounds lost!! Just have to lose .6 pounds & I've got it!! Pretty sure Zumba, spinning, & TRX will do the trick!
I am not a slut but not a prude either...LMAO!
any better direction as to who u are joining yet?
Join for "Conflict Free Campus Break Out" in rm 5 going on rift now.
appreciate it!
Why did this not exist while i was at OU “: 232 spaces in elm ave garage & 182 in asp garage. #UofOklahoma #parking”
celtics had a great game!!! they just did it on the hawks up in boston.....
Had class with edgar today :)
I want to float in a Lazy River.
really?! st. patrick's day? what an interesting choice! ;-)
This Clippers Grizzlies game is getting feisty
You made me blush.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work. -Gustav Flaubert
As soon as I walk outside I'm surrounded by musical amateurs
about time!
great meeting you on Sunday! Encourage my followers to check out PW's awesome talents.
I'm having the worst cramps. I swear, if I start my period, i'm gonna bitch slap mother nature.
I can't wait 'til drops his new album, I'm in need of some new new!!
#TeamFollowback Get More and Go To Followback The Other Now....
he scored tonight. (This is the part where you tell me you want to score with him too.) Ha!
Lol I wanted to be the guy that's like YES and then your like No and I'm like Shit! Lol but I didnt feel like it lmao
Plus, even with the change in locale for Revelations, it still feels too similar and gets stale sorta quick.
My boys doing it big early! Keep it up
If you have to choose between me and her choose her because if you really loved me then there would be no choice
Word. You just gotta make one of those late day breakfasts I keep seeing and we're straight. Lol!
This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean There is a place called Hell, Michigan
Cause when I'm with him, I'm thinking of you.
Reds please win a game! go votto, bruce, and phillips!
Truth RT: “: The depth of this #pacers team is too much for the magic to handle.”
- so what's up butt knuckles - when you coming to PHX?
The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials.-- Confucius
Bubbles are always welcome!
Hey disgusting fat naked man on the gym scale, just put on your fucking tighties whites and subtract 2 ounces. No one wants to see your wang
Thanks! Glad to hear the clickers guide is useful. I know it could use an update...
Club Amnesia tonight for Tiesto then LIV!
For 4Humanities advocacy project, important to get past "talking head" model and incorporate video, music posters, viral social media, etc
Doing well Josh. Been busy though so trying to keep up. Welcome back to the wineter wonderland!
Hop in da car and pull da curtains on em
Ew homework it's going to eat me
How is your breathing right now? And now?
In other news, "Welcome to The Black Parade" is trending, which is quite awesome since I just recently became a fan of . :D
mourning love
Who was the new #AmericanIdol they picked to replace #JermaineJones . Oh, wait that was
The White Rabbit would have said Happy Valentine's Day, but she was late and ran out before she could say so.
I don't understand that last same way I don't understand your love of Taylor swift
BTW, drunk Tweets are always entertaining to read... Just sayin'...
Headed to school now! haha im SOO #EXCITED!! :D
Great birthday weekend, great friends.
It is a chance to see what we have done to create that adversity and create something different. How are we responsible?
In order to improve the mind, we ought less learn than to contemplate. - Descartes
Outpouring of relief that the low-rated NBC comedies are returning? Really???
uhm....we'll see about that.
Outside event planner subject of GSA probe
Thank you, Congressman Cleaver for calling these 'stand your ground' laws "asinine."
Thanks! I know I looked at Steamtown too....Did you see the too?
Putting/saying #NoHomo in your "flamboyant" statement doesn't just change things
Are you calling me fat?
Thanks for sending the troops to fight the Lord's Resistance Army. Did you see Machine Gun Preacher? A horrible situation...
You too my dear Yvonne!!! :D
At least my son who is 17 is starting to appreciate different food. He makes his own recipes & likes to cook.
No plans tonight? How about cleanin' out that closet! If you haven't worn it in two seasons + it's clean and wearable it's time to swap it!
Hehe tryn to stay out of trouble;) RT so watu been up too?
i miss u both!
Lol ikr!! How many you got?
so do you wanna wait then?
I have that one song and everythime i listen to it my life feels like crap.. :\
Conferences in pedestrian unfriendly cities is tragic and tiresome
If you are getting sordid, read Isaiah..
naw not till april 23 me cj de rj and a couple other guys from the team
Thanks everyone for your support! Latifa
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Prediction: E-book readers, like Nook and Kindle, will go the way of the Vegematic. But what's next for e-books?
#schoolmemories when Ms.Lopez almost said the word "Fuck" infront of the whole 8th grade at an asembly, because we wouldnt shut up. :D
Are YOU an Adobe CQ5 Architect? I am hiring!!!
": The Dorito taco was so so it's not as thic as a regular dorito: average" Im a Clevelander. Cribbs' word is law
RT : #FIU just picked up its second-ever sand volleyball signee! Welcome to the Panther family, Ashley Prince!
#JustRememberThat when you get out of school, people are going to remember you by how you treated other people.
I recieved spam from your twitter
Daughter With Destiny.....up and about it......gettin ready to look good for my King as I enter into His presence...
is our hero! P.S. We should, we paid enough for them! RT: : #ff because they have perfect teeth!
I've done it before, although... i may have been a little drunk when I did. :)
Goodfellas star Paul Sorvino was hit by a car yesterday in Manhattan. Oops. I think he's okay.
You're welcome (for the follow).
Congrats on NAACP Image Awards! Happy Birthday Tracey! Glad to see Soul Food back on!
RETWEET if you going to SIUC in the fall
I really like the historical references, please do that more often!
:) I saw! Have you seen the new stuff yet?
Some are high profile, and worth it from that point. I've done half a dozen like that.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!! (:
If you're a PLO player the $5-10 PLO game has been running every day since 3/29. The game is super live w/ free food & massages.
So far this week isn't off to a good start..
"A man should look for what is, and NOT for what he thinks should be."
Come celebrate 10 yrs
watching the playoffs at work..
#FF social media greats
Thanks Tom, nice hashtag haha! RT : Hey ; YOU are doing big things
Got no good pics of last night considering they where off a screen But here's some from the Germany tour (:
play resurrected by priest hood family
Why are you the mayor there? That seems creepy. :-)
u may have underestimated my laziness lol
Just got back from the Ted, and it's a beautiful, breezy day. I wish the Barves had a home game I could skip work for.
Dinner special - Pesto Salmon Salad: grilled salmon over mixed greens with grape tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado with a pesto vinaigrette.
Hey 1st tweet w/ twitter account! Follow Me! <3 :)
Drew Barrymores dress: beautiful or underwater creation? I LOVE it. Elegant and funky.
...Your partner clucks like a chicken during romantic moments OR have Philip Seymour Hoffman close walk behind you everywhere you go
In my own world right now
As you may know, Hunter Hayes will be at Kat Country Jam at the Fillmore, April 23. :-P.
I cant live without food , facebook , and twitter RT if you agree ? (;
had the best time at field day today had a water fight with stupid ppl :o
I wonder! Occupy the marble staircase!
and that pesky firewall mess.
#sandovalcounty taxes are going out today- let me know if you want to contest them!
love that song. An old buddy was admittedly not right of mind when getting a BOC tattoo of the caped deliveryman of death
Whenever you say that, it just means it bothers you, but you brush it aside :/ i know that by now.
Jack Van Impe's favorite NBA team is the Toronto Raptures, right?
It's hard to find someone that cares these days
As usual, there is weird stuff happening in the stock market. The manipulators have gotten some leverage and are pulling the market up.
I need to get on here more. No one ever tweets me though. :/
You know you've lived in a community dorm for a while when you put your flip-flops on I go to the bathroom in your own house Haha
ok so apparently I can't message you back unless you are a follower...I gotta learn how to use this twitter thing LOL.
TY for the shout out!
Granted..extensive testing has not been done, but can e-cigs possibly be any WORSE than test results from analogs? Get real FDA!!
Wishing I was in New York seeing Liu Bolin tonight
Nedved (who?) ties it for Czechs.
When you've been failing a class, then you find out you're finally passing.>>>
Just realized i was in the all-state choir in 2008 with from !
Thanks for the midnight laugh! lol You are too funny!
Such a pleasure meeting Kelly from !!Fabulous lady!Love their pulls!Excited to see #REMAH in their clothes!Xox
If I am going to be a Christ follower I must become more prodigal
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Good morning Austin, hope you have a good day :)
I'm really trying to go night night & #criminalminds won't let me.
My #codcon12 presentation on "Key Points in Systems Librarianship: How to Clearly Use the user = id ten T Registry Entry" was SRO!
No it's the scruffy patchy thing, but he just text me to tell me he's shaving. LOL!!!!
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
not at all...but I miss my peeps up there!
good luck!
NEW MEXICO GUNS LLC GIVES DISCOUNTS TO MILITARY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT WITH PROPER ID!
3pm time for and
Doughboys will be there for sure!!
You just made my dinner, literally. Thank you!
In my mind, he's a "Nadalist"
try it again..it keeps going down
So officially gone have another kickback but don't know when
just tweet what you feel. it will all come natural.
Pineapple Kush Sold Out
I met a lot of awesome people last night.
It's a Jeep wonderland out here
I got my hair done Saturday and this lady asked if I was getting my hair done for mother's day. I said no I'm just 20.
crush caught me eating pumpkin pie. at my desk. doh. not so glamorous.
#BandsILove The Hooligans, Liquid Lavender, Coldplay, Green Day, The Wanted
make sure u let go of iPad buttons before 20sec...
Follow youre dreams. did and look where it got him :)
Should they have made fun of Angelia's stance? She is a movie star afterall. I'm sure she didn't give a shit.
LMAO at the "Athletic Tourism Committee"
"All of us have fears and dreams, and perhaps the two are not so far apart." <3
"Dang,I shouldn't have cheated,I really miss him..." "You knew what you had,don't complain!!!"
you have no idea! i love it.
Cinecraft has won a 16th Telly Award for the production of a recruitment video for Progressive Insurance!
What's ghetto? Citizen History gets back to the words roots in and before the Holocaust. Haunting
That sucks! if you have our app, you could have gotten reimbursed!
From now on please only refer to me by my burlesque name: Metta Von Teese.
The troop is an awesome show! :D
Right now I'm in Nashville. but I'll be back in Memphis this weekend.
almost #22MILLIONBELIEBERS this family keeps getting bigger :)
Hold your head up, my dear. <3
I wish just STFU
u had jonathan
Great sweep of the doubleheader. Love cleveland.
We've globalized our economy and people. But we have done poor job of equipping our minorities for their future leadership. Simon Rosenberg
Just found some clean underwear in an old suitcase. Yes!!
i'm feeling 'technologically challenged' today. Having a hard time understanding #SpellNumber app on iPhone. i want Emoticons!
My new year's resolution is every day make a #healthierchoice. Today stopped eating leftover indian food when full even though so good.
nope I know c:
yea sadly :(
Spending my weekend with #BREAKING BAD. #r&r
RT : ...When YOU talk about ME it's says more about YOU...
how awesome is that
Will we see you all the NCFAA show next week?
"Are you a Mahomie?" No, I've just got a Mahone related username, an icon of Austin, and a bio about him because I like monkeys.
i want a muffin :P
Just because I can
Actually got a blog post out when promised (last night). Working on Part 3 of the NCPH conference blog post... digital projects. :-)
so how do I get in this mag
hm! What were YOU doing?
I had a great time hanging out last night- Let's do it again soon!
Nothing brings two sides together like a Dodge Challenger...the peacemaker of vehicles ;)
Thanks for coming today! It was really great to meet you!
lightning like crazy!!!!
law and order svu :)
This performance of Raise Your Glass is a hot damn mess
Friend- "hey,can I have a piece of gum?" Me- "yeah, just dont tell anyone you got it from me."
We're trying to name my band, what do ya'll think of "Allen Cruz and the Bitches" ??
show some #love #followhim he's one of the best producers out right now. get at him before he blows up
Sorry no tweets this week on vacation
I'm seeing sun and margaritas in my near future!!! Who's w/me???
And word to everyone at "98.5 The Sports Hizzle." RT : Word to P. Ebb, Sburton &amp; Dan RocheClip.
I cant wait , i want to eat it all >.< lol
No doubt, I appreciate that
Hm...and just where did he get that adorable pink toy? ;-)
Lulz I have a final tomorrow. I shouldn't be here.
in venice today and tomorrow. I can already tell that 2 days just isn't going to be enough.
“: Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln”
Exam doughnuts sustenance for the day
Is it winter? Or is it still fall.
Keeping and with the is the ONLY way we're gonna get to a
At Harvard Speech and Debate Tourney, helping out for my high school: SO MANY INNER WORKINGS to a tournament.
#cubs lose #cubs lose... (in my Harry Carey voice)
hahaha no just shade :b and well idk there are some clubs over here that are ghetto and theyre reg. Straight lol im gay too hun(:
I can scarcely believe that LAMs would be considered to have significant competitive advantages over anyone
Read about Every #NFL game and #NFL team in 1 place! USSportspages.com
RT for FOLLOWBACK then tweet me.
Ref's need to let the boys play the game #ravens this is getting ridiculous...
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!14
And now I will debate when/whether I should sleep before my 20 some hour flight at 7 AM. #todance or #nottodance? That is the question.
I need someone in Vegas who can install my FAST EZ-EFI kit...Sometime soon. Anyone? Bueller?
The one thing preventing me from jumping off Aurora Bridge is at Chop Suey tonite. *Tomorrow*, I'll be prepared for jumping.
Good, me too.
and how did you do in the playoffs?
So when you ask me "where is it?" you're really saying "my time is more valuable than yours and I want you to check google maps for me"
Who doesn't!
Hi Ann-Margaret, Our interview is published! www.ponderingpoker.com. Also on iTunes. Hope you like it!
I wish I was a animal because they would put me to sleep to put me out of my misery .
from flannels to sun dresses in a week...welcome to Nashville
Black dude cut in line & started talking shit to one Asian dude
aw c: RT : Drama Queens And Party Scenes
so excited.
Currently I do brokerage agency business. Property management and land development are in my past experience
it says Keep Oklahoma Beautiful...and Don't Lay That Trash on Oklahoma
Global Funding is looking for 30,000-90,000 square foot vacant distressed residential buildings in Manhattan. We do not want vacant land or…
who's going to pick me up in Dallas?
"Goals should be challenging - but not impossible - while providing value." Glenn Hughes
pizza myth? : No, seriously. We've been eating pizza for nine hours.
Wow, that's not annoying ...
I believe U!
also it's Friday
I just cocked my head and did an "aw" face. Picture it :) Miss you!
you mean "ashleigh knows she can beat me up.."
You might end up with a daughter. You can't just plan for a son silly.
Webmail is back-- thanks Technology!
Go Navy beat Army.
I think ima make some pancakes tomorrow for breakfast!.
So we sifted through different iPad audio recording apps to see which ones would record and upload to Webspace and link inside Bb courses...
MC Lars: hip hop as a cultural poetic innovating form derived from history, rap and Shakespeare, bffs!
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet, that's litterally all I wanted ALL day! PrettyPlease?
Make sure to use the #alayma for #alamw11. Confused? Ask me! .
(not universally of course, but much more than other age groups)
Watching Star Wars for the first time in 25 years. Jawas are still terrifying.
Ugh, that's what I figured. Guess I won't be getting that photo job with Tiffany's!
what r the favorite spots In ATL for nonunion actors to find gigs.
good to hear. bet that "tap" hurt quite a bit
il see what happens
SHE HAD CONSTRUCTION PAPER IN THE CAR!!! She went & got it. It was eye-rolling night.
Both reports should have an account_code column for matching. Let us know if this doesn't help!
my tweets came late cause I tweeted once and my eyes refused to stay open. I love #Blackedu. It is a necessary dialogue.
& Are carving up some awesome Ice Sculptures
No contest
I want 2 know about hair color=) It's a personal choice, freedom, parent&child decision/responsibility/issue.
I gave a talk at Google headquarters today. Great company. I'm in love. From the bean bags to the attitude. Can't wait to go back. Ann R.
If napping is part of intellectual life in digital age, who can avoid, particularly
Mark Hyman: "food is information... it changes your gene expression and upgrades your biological software"
Started doing P90X. But threw it out because it was too hard. Too hard not to laugh while I was doing it.
Web 2.0 Michael Rubin GSI Commerce 75% of major retailer CEO's did not know what amazon prime was 2 yrs ago
National League MVP Ryan Braun's 50-game suspension was overturned
A week from now, we will be just hours away from our biggest show yet—opening for The English Beat at ! Where will you be?
no he was the typical matt
Today's writing tip: If you can't think of anything to say, go to sleep and dream something up!
Decent #Madoff interview on #60minutes. Perhaps Ruth and sons didn't know, but they are still living the high life, and that is not right.
- oh, I see. Are you feeling better?
I just woke up craving some
interesting question: as artists, i think if you are not in it to promote radical ideas or change, then why do it? (1/2)
I think you need a lil' higher level book Matt.
Trolls: where do they come from? - The Guardian
I think it crazy how like we al have different time. Its 10:44 am right now.
Depressing tweets <<<<<< #dontworrybehappy :-))
There seriously needs to be a better way to get to Williamsburg.
JoePa should not have been fired.
Did you get your PPSS fix today?
i have the first 2 in pdf form on my computer. I may be able to email them to ya
I often look out for others before my self 😌
lol .. i know that shit crazy
Does tax season really begin tomorrow? Oh no, not sure I'm ready. But am I ever ready? And yet, I do it every year! Ah...responsibility!
There's something very satisfying in getting the phrasing of a tricky provision down just right.
Been a while, but it's the last month of the year and once again I thank all of the newest followers interested in my services and timeline.
Make sure you "like" us on Facebook - Fritze - German Fest Milwaukee's Loyal Dachshund. Tell your friends! Win tickets to the fest!
hahaha no we were playing against him... It was
..Stray apostrophe in that last tweet. I blame the fact that it's chilly in the office today, can't type str8
When directors start emailing you scripts to see if you'd like to audition, you know you're doing something right
Local websites and magazines, or sites like The Knot, Once Wed (blog) are great to be inspired by.
The works of Amber Eagle at the Menil Bookstore--opening tomorrow night,11/12, 6PM. Come join us.
At least u tried to verbalize. I played "Wind Beneath My Wings" Needless to say, it wasnt well received".
What a week! Comic-Con is now behind me and I am now breaking bread in Moreno Valley with our International Distributors! Excellent hosts.
crashed here after the party..
Great, L2 #7103 not on any schedule, stops 1.5 bus lengths past the stop, then pulls away abruptly. #bustedknee b/c
I heard about that too. That's crazy.
I just can't stop thinking about how i let the tennis team down 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I'll take care of it brother ( or sister) if this is sue;)
Three and a half hours on the Americas bidge and still not even at the top of the hump.
Happy Friday! Looking forward to the weekend 👍
Thank you so much, Joelle!
mamba skin is very dry.
Congrats on the win today and weekend sweep
I love cover of Leavin' by Jesse McCartney!!(: <3
Home is wherever I'm with you.
#Top3WorkoutSongs what are they? For me: trapt headstrong, BB I will not bow, and let the bodies hit the floor!
I feel like that's something Kanye would wear if he went on a boat trip. :) Love the neon colors!
Sweet dreams is a nightmare
Same obsession here! Just finished watching all the movies last year.. a bit of a commemoration :)
ok you are the LUCKIEST person ever!
why would i be safe? Haha
I sent you a picture!!!!! & miss you too/:
Welcome To Fantasy Island (that's in my best Mr. Rork impression)
happy birthday my friend #Jeffrey dean Morgan
what's wrong?
Y'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches...
i hate florida weather.
Ah! I hate when nail polish gets sticky. It's EVERYWHERE. O.O
you're tweets get sent to my phone
The truth u hold about people governs ur interaction w them. Do u believe people r kind or do u think they'll hurt u?
Check us out on the web @ www.mrdspainting.com click on our facebook link to see our most recent projects. "we love to paint " and more !
To bad we didn't fall in Love at the same time
I heard that in eckhardt tolle's book - is that your source?
MT Chubb: Schools want digital content access limited b/c of threat ofcompetition (losing students, money)
I know
Fuck #Tumblr!, oh wait....i have one..
i approve
TRAFFIC: WB Beltline at John Nolen Dr - right lane is closed - vehicle on fire. Backups to the interstate already
It was a pretty good afternoon...
How do you know you aren't the top pick of the five ?
this ones better :)
Thanks for coming out to join us!
Been washing clothes since 8:00 its now 1:37 am and we still washing ..smh
Trying this new twitter app
Ladies Night tonight!!!!!! Reverse Happy Hour 7-11pm $5 drinks & $5 appetizers along with DJ Amp C cranking great music!!!!
Know someone that needs to lose weight? Drop 20 pounds in 20 days!! Visit www.facebook.com/LVHCG Find out how now!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers and grandmothers out there!!!
I will
Jamming out to protomen.
how's the ballgame lookin?
RT : it's was great and they answered all of the questions --> Great! We hope to see you in the fall!
so whats next for text descriptive social media?
Let's go Wildcats!
UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength- shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?
Going to Chinatown to see the celebrations!
Hahaha this girl got butt injections !!!!!!
double chicken, guac, spicy salsa, cheese. eat and repeat. RT : On my way to Chipotle... Can't stop eating this stuff...
If all goes well, would be fun to bring it out west...
1 in 5 women are sexually assaulted. Making the Violence Against Women Act into a political football is bad government.
she used snot and rubbish. I might be in love. She's adorable!
Take a second to
Pretty much got my ass handed to me... Bugger.
Just watched a news show that made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Trying to think of some cool raucous cover songs for upcoming pub gigs...Maybe a Clash tune!?
I've been so tired lately. 👎
I just don't understand it!! Like who cares if u shout me out!! Smile
donation will be there shortly. I expect an answer in return..muuuhaaa!!! Sorry,as evil as I can sound. :-)” lol
Thanks to everyone who is already following me, including former #Microsoft folks and #music fans
Unique Exhibition Opens in New York
Looking for work is so stressful ...... ugh !
Im sleepy but ima try to stay up till my brother come from prom
Too many fake people
forget about it! Waves of change remix... I get lost in that song!!!
The volume of multifamily and commercial real estate lending is growing; both borrowers & lenders are optimistic it will continue to grow
catch us 2nite - our entire team is partying at #recess - table 6 is going to be a problem
2 pc spicy, red beans and rice, PLEASE!!
There is so much BS investment advice out there that it's a wonder anybody makes any money at all.
It is sincerely appreciated!
I'm officially counting the minutes until we get away for the weekend without the kids (nothing personal, kids. I still love you)!
Sounds like it will be recorded acoustically but "sonic touches" will be added in post production. A little indie rock vibe?
there are two versions: make sure he tells you the sweet one, and not the joke one ;)
Please hold me, I feel very fragile - The Recovery
#FF our singer !! (ME! Lol) That's my personal Twitter, all the cool kids follow that page as well. And I follow all fans back! RT!
thx for being an invaluable partner!
Order the Fish Taco without Tangy White Sauce and you’ll avoid 12 grams of cholesterol and 117 calories.
No 11 o'clock class today made it nice to sleep in. Thanks UK. UofL... You can burn in hell
washed my hair this morning and it felt so good!
waiting for the kids at sunday school and thinking how bad my fantasy football team is doing this year.
#AfroLatinAmerica week 2: enslaved Africans, free blacks, urban slavery, Mexico, Peru, Guatemala
oh ok, im following now, but ill send you my next updates bdot, what style of tracks do you like anyway?
not even going there
I feel the same way. Before I was just panicking about exams but now I'm overwhelmed with an awareness of how sad grad will be
I'm still waiting to find out the TRUTH about Angelea being booted; will we ever know?
Out of place, out of line, out of touch, out of time.
OMG FINALLY IM CRYING CRYING OMFG
LCD Soundsystem pre-party at Le Bain tonite. Tomorrow nite b4 the show meet me @
going to go and beg my dad to but me a ticket to watch you online ! Wish me luck (: !xx
the hunt is going... I started volunteering so that I don't sit at home all day. How is life in Bloomington?
Thank you :D
Time for the new season Downton Abbey. New Absolutely Fabulous being recorded.
#LastTimeIChecked this is MY twitter, so don't tell me I tweet too much or I shouldnt tweet this or that. Don't like my tweets? Unfollow me.
Crawled back into bed after a two hour yoga class and a walk through the rain to find it still warm. Inordinately thrilled.
ive done all the standard stuff. ie ive truned it off waited and turned it back on. computer says everything is fine. :/
RT : He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, & he who plants kindness gathers love. Saint Basil
RFT such a depressing day...
no im not worrying I was just wondering.. lol. Anyways yay!
that height quite look like your at 10000 feet, shouldn't your camera be off ;).
So many People Never find the one that's why I really wanna tell u somthin I really think dis is it for me I really think your the one.
York town boys are so cute. (;
Joy Behar. Laura Innes. That is all.
Dude, Where's My Jam
follow back? :)
ITS SO HOT! ugh
yeah, it's horrible how someone would want to do that to a helpless child/: people sicken me.
MT : Two-star TE prospect Keoni Bush-Loo has committed to the #ArizonaWildcats Our Wildcat RedZone Offense gets a key guy
not sure if cool is the word...it's....something
on the penises:)
chillin in basement.
What people say isn't going to stop me.
Done cleaning for the day. Time to relax and finish my book. Devils Food Cake Murder. By Joanne Fluke. Great recipes in the book
At this point, you may as well put on the first line. What the hell? Nothing else seems to be working for the
Perhaps #PresidentObama needs my services as much as #AbrahamLincoln. Under my watch the #SecretService would never have seen such scandal.
I want Galaxy Leggings.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life
watching 300 because it's the shit
Agreed. RT Great job at #TechPoint this morning
My eyes are so foggy right now. Ugh
Everyone!!! Go like Off-Key Booking!!
Luv a woman wit a lil country accent ..sexy
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
Study Session Playlist: Hives, "Die Alright!" -- Bright Eyes, "Four Winds" -- Wilco, "Outtasite (Outta Mind)" [electric version]
had no idea about swaplease..fascinating concept and I just spent 10 poking around
# FF Thanks for the mentions & sharing from our blog!
I'm plunking it thow
So wonderful Glad your day was a pretty spring day too. Tonight the crickets are chirping!
I'm so glad you had fun at ! Enjoy the rest of your weekend! <3
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother. - Ben Franklin
Facebook business pages will soon look like profile pages. Nice!
No screencap needed, I know out Comic Convention track record so far. I'm just hoping you're not missing a limb when you show up
all the time he is good.
is the prettiest girl I know 💜
k who this btw
Omg u a Packers fan thats so sexy wow!!!
we're awesome.:)
Don't forget to post your best pic of yourself (family and friends too) working out! Winner will receive a KoreFit prize!
is preparing the LLC's Operating Agreement.
Doing science homework, I have a giant packet to do):
RT : lol chillin over here . Like the new avi >> thanks! It's old now though;-)
Yes on both counts.
Very sad day for Yankee fans.
Had lunch at the Sullivan & Son cast at the Turner lunch. Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Cannot believe women still wear velour tracksuits while flying. Or ever. You look like a care bear.
Guess it's time for me to take the sticker off the car.
I've been eating an absurd amount of food since Sunday. It's really kind of getting ridiculous!
Nope! Read that one loud and clear. #breakuphumor :)
I wish he had shot more on the net.
#CommercialLenders try our Records Search with Risk Assessment Report. It is reviewed and signed by an environmental professional.Less Risk!
How am I suppose to get $500 by Monday
MT : Applications for US home mortgages jump 9.2% last week, driven by demand for refi due to low interest rates -
Thanks for coming to the Popped! Republic truck today. Come again soon to try our other flavors!
#GDC says every single MMO player he knows started because a friend was immersed in the communities
He was all about melodrama, small spaces and cocaine. :)
About to get Killa and eat some yardbirds 😊
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you except Rachaels Challenge!
Always enjoy hearing transparency about writing process - his website is "like DVD extras" to the books
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : Justin Bieber: Never Say Never (live updates)
sounds like the #Devils strategy pre-lockout. Sorry I had to mention this heh
nfw. I want the journo outed MT : SMH. RT : Novak asked in press about Isner being the ClayGOAT
ima never see you....o that is not good!
amazing show!! Will you be going back anytime soon?
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.1
the art work u made for it isn't coming up on my phone
You get the idea. That's the only that motivates me to get my butt off the chair and exercise.
thank you we will keep giving you pastry swag xoxoxo
Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org
so beautiful outside! time for a run of course
it struck a chord with me on a blog post I'm working on for Similar theme .. Real life comes first.
UNLV is exactly the type of team that can come into the Kohl Center and win. Wisconsin needs to shoot better today.
Thank you guys for following me! :D Gained 24 new followers today.. :D
Should Indiana gov't step in to encourage green energy investments in the state? What do you think? 317-736-0950 or
u like what
Thank you Sambuca360 for a good night. We will see you again in a few weeks!
you're so beautiful!!!!<3 I'm so jelly of you!(:
Derek Jeter singles to pass Robin Yount on the all-time hit list. He's now No. 16.
Saw the marks on my shoulder.. It, wasn't me!
I'm ok now! Really!
where u at homie
my phone is dead :( can you skype?
It’s a fun way to learn new words and it gets even better when your team wins!!! June 10 on Friday..Look at the HFC event schedule..
RIP Whitney Houston...
uh thatd be so fun!!! I have to work at 5 though :/ we should plan a trip down there though
Hello party people! Headed to Vermilion!
Looking forward to filming Holistic Doctors tonight.
That's a clever name.
I like the Cards young LB's. Sam Acho on the sack.
What makes them overrated?
oh nvr couldn't care less.. It actually feeds me and makes me feel good.. Cause it means I'm doin something good ;-)
About to head to Shilito Park for the Frisbee Golf Tournament with my lil bro
Texas Longhorns ‘Longhorn Pierced Basketball ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
RT : Yes, it will pick up links - be sure to do full link including http://
going to a play with harley tonight!! :D
Forgot how bad they use to smoke in the 50's,had to leave Magic City set because of it.Didn't want to ruin the shoot coughing my bronchitis
Gervinho to rvp, get used to that combo
lol I've seen before but nope. Tough mudder looks serious. Props to you on that. I think I'm going with the run a muck.
Aww thanks Erin. Golf soon!
r u tkin me to or
ROLL CALL! Who's coming to tonight's & Magic game??
Come on Cuse, let's not get sloppy!
#Youwerecuteuntil you turned into a man whore
for The Wanted! If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?! :D ps. I love you!
Any plans to offer growlers in California? Sacramento beer geeks would love it, and it's more #green than throw-away bottles.
Wow, a phone booth? They still exist? lol
Tried sweet tea in the south for the first time tonight. That stuff is NO joke.
So, last time for auditions I changed clothes in a grocery store...this time it was a Chinese restaurant! LOL!
Wow boyfriend by j. Biebs is really good. Hell has frozen over.
#Ilovewhen you show up to work to do your job, but you can't bc someone else hasn't done their job.
Nice!! Congrats on MVP!!!
sorry :-( it's hard. I know people change or have other things going n, but it's hard for us that get left behind.
Glad you liked it! It was a lot of transcribing but definitely worth all the great nuggets of info.
"There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing if my burglar alarm starts ringing..." - Notorious BIG
Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden
Becareful not to summon stuff! Have a safe holiday!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when I gotta lean against the wall n pee cuz I woke up wit a hard dick lol!!
Me and my grandmother are besties now. We're both Mahomies. Yes. Mahomies for <3 *Age doesn't matter*
Just received a $5,000 scholarship from the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
Denver ground crew poked a hole in the fuselage with a ladder making the red eye to Newark much sucker. How will I get to EWR?
Interesting. There must be some interesting similarities btwn HI and FL re: illegal labor
Its weird seeing Happy Mothers tweets cuz Mothers day was like 2 months ago in UK lol !!
LOL...great tip!
LIVE MUSIC - Tonight from 7-9pm: Tim Connell (Classical Brazilian Mandolin)
IM RANKED NUMBER ONE IN THE LOCAL CHARTS. Thank YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!
Rt Hon Alex Salmond (First Minister of Scotland) has asked me to send a copy of my book on Welsh nationalist poet R. S. Thomas. Very cool.
I think it just happened like this morning. I also am elated! I bet Lil Sebastian is looking down on #NBC with a big grin.
Bryce Harper>>>>>> the Pittsburgh Pirate Organization ⚾👍
#youcanttrust CHARLIE SHEEN!!!!
take the mask. you want 10 right? im getting there like at 8 or maybe earlier
Ayee bro Me And Might Be Plannin Something BIG
thanks a million!
Debating the hardest decision of my life on a day to day basis. Where to eat lunch in nola?
JUST DID
AJBombers Twitter TV getting some behind the scenes upgrades!
nice playing with you earlier mr Wiz, your voice impressions are classic haha
Press on the gas peddle.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody. - Ben Franklin
Could Mavs and Jazz be headed to Triple OT?
knowing is half the battle
Great day today! Lets close out the week strong
wants to thank everyone for tonights GREAT show! The heated patio was PACKED with people! The line-up was out of this world! Next show: 3/2!
Dear Brad, I'm always right. Suck it. Love your ever so loving girlfriend
#NP drake ft lil wayne && andre 3000 - the real her!
I love that show.
Thanks for the RT! I take it you have had to put together a few IKEA products as well...
Hey, I think it's raining
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And 2nd ward alderman Bob Fioretti's testicles are more dangly than a sack of molasses!
I still have it. I had with me on one of my trips to the station but you were in a meeting. We'll just have to meet up :)
Judging Specialty Herb Vegetable beers for the US Open. #BJCP. Someone's gotta do it.
good morning everybody!
read your article on the POI at SMFD and OWD and couldn't figure what the watchdogging was. Could it be overreach on your part?
It breaks my heart to read tweets from the apologizing to us fans for the loss. It wasn't pretty, but it has been an amazing season
HAPPY B'DAY ! :D
Is one cool cat!
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
eye appt. at 7:45 then getting blood work done...wish me luck!
Good Morning
Happy first day of spring!
Lovers of Literary Classics & Historical Fiction: Meet "Grosvenor Square" author K.Meyer tomorrow at Rockford, IL Barnes & Noble, 6 - 8 PM.
Sexy pj pants dude at the bar. Planning on sleeping over??
RT The greatest companies aren't the MOST creative-they simply amplify their creativity w/discipline via Jim Collins
Off to Jacksonville for some more in the Navy!
we need a headcount of who is filming with us tomorrow. please let us know.
i own Street Beauty Entertainment. Houston's Best Female Entertainment!
cant sleep like always!
We are going to be a little late...having trouble with generator
is Brees pulling the ball back behind the first down different than a runner/receiver running backwards re: forward progress?
I heart free wi-fi at airports.
you only love once
so busy today! Can't wait for happy hour/dinner later at the Filling Station. Then, LOST!
If you could win any of the #Minelab detectors being given away at National Metal Detecting Day, which would you want to win??
danny oh so sexy
It's been a pleasure rooting against you in this series so far. Hey, how about a high five? *Ref calls a tech*
That was sad.
Correction! Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana chunk dough :D get itt
Actually having money in my wallet>>>>>>>
Big thank you to the girl with the incredible ass for picking the cardio machine in front of me today. You eased my pain.
2 Bs so far for my first 2 finals.... I'll take it. 2 more tomorrow!
Day 3 live coverage starts tomorrow at 7 p.m. on ESPN 2 and there's live streaming of the event on ESPN 3
OH GOD TOMORROW IS NOT THE RAPTURE, EVEN JESUS DOSENT KNOW!
If this keeps up I am going to commute on my paddleboard. Hmm. Not a bad plan.
the Milwaukee Art Museum Calatrava would be my dream venue! Iconic to my city & gorgeous!
Happy birthday to our dad, !
You heard of Too $hort? I'm too long I'm in the club all black goin Akon Like headlights I'm too on
Wow, wow, wow. I had high expectations, & even those were blown away by THE AVENGERS. Incredible film. 4 of 4 stars.
good tip. Maybe we can lure her out with the promise of a trip to Hawaii.
yeah buddy!! How was the hit?
Interested in Starbucks $2.01. Want to chat? Plz send back a number this way or via email: . I'll call...Jeff
Happy Friday!
by everyone else you mean you! Lol ... Totally fair . #weGangedupOnU 😓😔...😝
it's not spam when you spit the truth…
If its the chronological part that is bothersome, would a wiki be simply too outre?
He's such a poser...
Thru it all i still Love him
Go Rangers! ;)
every morning is a good morning when I wake up to your tweets (:
well, I cant stay out late , so yea...gimme a time ?
And... start OT on PP
I love my job...first real downside was searching in a cold garage through infested papers for relevant archival materials. Boo!
Bang bang bang I don't like dat some shit I dont like
Got a VM from my CDE today saying my blood sugars look really good, and to "keep up the good work." I'm never deleting it.
"You need to have informed skeptics to deal with big data and running a business" Casey Steadman
off the phone with , doing homework nowww . >.<
Membership has its privileges! $55 Individual & 250 Corporate Memberships, signup online or at one of our events!
SAVE THE DATE: June 28 @ 12pm PST - Premiere of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep. 1 Vegano - Starring Eric Roberts. Join the mailing list for info.
-you guys be having beautiful little families buy y'all mess it with these sack chasing, home breaking, diseased tramps.. where's the logic?
Let's GO SIXERS! Pull this out boys!
I wont be on the bball team in the 2012 olympics, i cant even throw a cup in a trashcan two feet away!!! Insted it hit the tcan 1/2way down
Thank you Selma!
Grand slam in person!
The most popular Events Application on Facebook is Meetup with 760,000 monthly average users.
yes just send us the link if you prefer, preferably hosted on YouTube
Thanks. I'm trying to figure out what the best way to get objective info on the Java community process is.
you should go there when I'm there
Still at fucking work jammin to Same Damn Time Remix
I don't mind spendin' everyday, out on your corner in the pouring rain. Look for the girl with the broken smile...
Going back to the latest album for the afternoon just for my boy Good anytime music.
I got a few girls locked up in my basement.
Cohere; disperse.
If your heart sinks whenever u come across a pic of your ex....Slap your self cause u no they still got u....
yep thats the one it looks like ... I haven't touched them in years.
Wow... #OregonState is up by 13 at the half. #UW might be in a bit of trouble. I think they're playing extra hard for .
nice! What did you think? You like us??
It still wades team
light one pass it like a relay
O o o o o ok... lamborghini mercy.. yo chick she so thirsty.. I'm in that 2 seat Lambo with yo girl she trynna jerk me
keep it
Camcorder that fits in your pocket??? www.flipvideomagic.com Get yours today.
Hey rushers go and follow go if u have'nt already :D
Can't wait to be in Auburn this weekend!
Early #FF to - brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle #eventprof and a good friend new to Twitter!
lol hahaha u guys crack me up
It will be interesting to see Dean Spanos' decision making process. I' sure he has his alternatives lined up. Bye Norv. It's been ever so.
idk where that one is? Where do you work?
come meet us here! The weather is great
I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and I feel so rough.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
#MickeyMouse has a stalker
I'm 19 math problems away from getting 4 hours of sleep.
I cut em wide, I cut em long, I cut em FAT!! I keep em coming back !
Our photographers are out looking for some spooky Halloween fun! One has already found some...
Please ... come to Greece (in Thessaloniki) for a concert! PLEASE!
MAKES IT EVEN BETTER
sorry for any inconvenience, DM us you Zipcard # and we can try to get you more info on the situation.
I wonder how many Muggles broke their nose today trying to get to Platform 9 3/4.
We are at booth 606 during #ilf11! Visit us and learn about our Summer Reader free trial offer!
I think i would actually quit the internet if Facebook bought Github
Ray Emery has so much swag
ha! You sound like my Mom.
Yay! MKE comes through!!! “: S/O from #Mke ~ Happy Birthday (well, in less than hour) ”
Why what happened?
"oh, and he's probably a psycho."
I live going to orange leaf too ha ha!!
« There's nothing worse than losing who you thought was your best friend.»
Me running into a glass window and adele slamming her phone into her head?
RT I hate when people want to bring you in a situations that has NOTHING to do with you..
Twelve people run the Instagram company?! I'm picking up aroma of robot.
Why is Richard cotton and now the oracle of the Internet? grt 2have one side what about the other?
dude, what's up?!
Whoa, why is Robyn the girlfriend??? WHAT? ALTERNATE READING?
May the angels bring you joy today. joy is a special healing energy.
cracked my phone screen-___-
Going to the Unitarian Church this morning, we haven't been all summer maybe even longer...Heathens!
Santorum is out. It's Obama vs. Romney for sure. Don't believe me? Google Santorum... actually, now that I think about it, don't do that.
Do we get too tired too fast as librarians? And does the structure keep people down? How do you cultivate new leaders?
what's good rowbot this is precise manager redell drakeford,i want to service you with his latest joint "shot's fired" dj pack
#WeWereCoolUntil you started flirting with the guy i like !
If I lose you , I'm afraid I will lose who I gave my love to. That's the reason I stay around.
!!! RT : You felt that killer shot from Kobe coming...he was waiting one bullet in the trigger
Back to coding my VST Instrument...
U.S. Savings rate the highest in 15 years; may slow down recovery; It's about time Americans learned same lesson as depression era family.
I cant sleep
Its okay we got 4 dishwashers. Stephania being one of them.
so you don't like being a tourist or near them? A complicated vacationing life you lead?
I gotta be honest, I hate when my Dad drags me along to places I don't want to go to.
Getting ready to compete and defend our title.
Anytime. Little things are important <g>.
#owner behavior - real :)
nah, 'cause i can't go to that one ! hahaha
We're having an Atlanta Pride DJ Party on October 9th from 2:00p until 6:00p! The bocce court will be available as well.
You got me falling in love by everything you do, baby. <3
Got talent? Long island tomorrow!!! :)
you're welcome
17 minutes to find a parking spot That's a new high for me.
Ridiculousness is by far the best show on television.
Playing my first show ever in ATL next weekend. So stoked.
Woke up this morning and noticed the Chronicle linked to one of my crime articles. Oh double news beats, you are so sweet.
can't wait for this year! I have a good feeling! (every year I do haha)
we will have too oovoo but not yett... Ill tell u when
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 95
wow, considering I am not currently seeing any1...it has to mean an ex. Lord Gawd!!! You said it...take cover!! It'd be 1 of 2.
Want to have someone "wired" into & from SW ATL, giving the GOOD NEWS 2 ? Tell you want me to be a Community Web Producer.
Yes U have too NOww!!! :)...Go fishing and record a Vid and send it to me on twitter I wnt to see Ur skillzzz
It's another thing when you wake up the next morning and realized u ate Steve's hotdog and feel less than average.
been listening to pierce the veil all night~ 👌
I love gifboom!:o
Come on #Pacers 3 to 1 is much better than 2 to 2
It was great spending time with my younger cousins today. I'm surprised so many of them are here.
I cook with it all the time now and use it as moisturizer for my skin and hair
There's that too. I wondered if you had checked before you asked. :-)
My mom drove to AZ to buy tickets since NV doesn't do it. She lost. Haha
Id like to be able to look for a new wallpaper without seeing one direction all over my phone.
