Tomorrow is Thai Festival, Science Festival and Kids Mix ... what to do? LDCM will see you at all three!
Woo, at my table for #NASATweetup... I'm such a noob
Team Lindsay
RT : I WILL FOLLOW now on Netflix, KINYARWANDA @ EbertFest this wk, MIDDLE OF NOWHERE selected LA FF gala, RESTLESS CITY opens 4/27.
IS YOUR BMI A ‘BALONEY MASS INDEX? Has your BMI classified you as obese when you’re a few pounds overweight? Or is it not including enough …
hmm. It must be a different package causing this issue then.
jeez your are so right. It's fun and a clever way to divert attention from day to day shit, but some peeps need a life
. Pplez REGRET iin Life EveryDay Nah of Wht Dey Did cuss it Affected Dhat Person !
If all single women decided to abstain until marriage, what would men do? Hm. There would be a huge shift in the universe.
The wheels are strapped ready 2 roll west side!!!
Congrats Lady on your 5th straight Final Four.
wow...who knew that there were so many different types of juicers out there...! Anyone have a juicer they love?
Fantastic interview on NPR today. As an actress climbing the indie film ladder, thanks for the inspiration and candid insights.
Haha, aww. <3 I'm starting to go back on it more.
Is that right after the tender love scene between R2D2 and Lando deep within a Sarlacc?
haha that's a pretty good tip!
Thanks Steve!
shut up
ima take care of all of that i just need the money
So excited to meet Dinosaur Bar-B-Que and tell them I think their wings are the best in the city! I'm drooling....
Your taste buds will have the chance to experience amazing brews on 5/20 at #NorthPark Festival of Arts' Craft Beer Block!...
Stand up 4 women's health issues.Svcs provided by orgs like Planned Parenthood R essential 4 many -mamograms, pap smears, etc!
AMAZING RACE: I see Rach's red hair.
tell summer I said hi
They're "utterly" frustrated about cows in Crozet. More on how the bovines are bombarding the community. Details on 19News Nightcast at 11.
Saw more than a couple shirts at Ring of Honor last night. Kind of cool to see people wearing their stuff.
heard a professor say it in college, and had quite a laugh - didn't learn about the different spelling until later.
Representatives... please shut down and his SOPA and PIPA... These democrats are looney.
so sorry!! I'm pimple free!!!
amen -- thinking we all need about a week of recovery time.
Happy to see is joining us for MiniMeet!
Watching Road House for like 30 minutes, waiting for Dalt to punch someone in the face. WTF. When was Judge Reinhold in this movie?
alright we need to stop tweeting I don't want Brian to yell at me 😖
:) RT : Shout out to my favs at : miss you guys have a great weekend.
I thought he was hitting the spider with his gun
Dolly Madison was hot....
looking forward to quasi-real food tonight! meatloaf, mashed potatoes, peas, rolls. yes, I still have to eat soft food
go to bed! I remember when we would be in the office working this tine of the morning... Good ole days! :-)
wish I could be there! I have a baby sprinkling to attend though.
Desperately Seeking Evangelical Christians
Happy Birthday yesterday to & Happy Birthday today to  Two of my favorite people.
I saved almost $50 on my rental, and we’re talking after-tax free money that only took me a few minutes to save!
talk to me baby, tell me what your feeling
Thanks David Kilroy for getting us a step closer to the goal!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great evening!
I'm on the grind to 400
great meeting you at mla! am so interested in your work, both on experimental lit and dh theory.
hahaha dude I was seriously talking about that. I asked people if they remembered it
Just ate 1.5 high-potency weed macaroons. Let's get silly.
Contemplating the charged language used by females wanting Chris Brown to "beat" them/Supporting domestic violence or misunderstood context?
I'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
Tonight's show features Jay Z presenting The Body Magic
#3WordsOfAdvice trust very few...
Huntsman: Government can signal to marketplace that things will get better
:) thx alot m8 and I thought u had to receive an email inviting u lol thxs again :)
Light earthquake I think. Anyone else just feel that?
RT RT : ZZ Top covered 25 lighters song. never been done in Hip hop.
drank in my cup <3 great song
There's a new cosmo out and its taunting me..its like it knows I have a ton of work to do.
Excited about the new book I am working on. Haven't been social mediaing much. Would appreciate your prayers. Now back to the keyboard!
At my aunts beach house in Rosemary... sounds fun right? No.
slim chance, but a stray snow shower can't be ruled out. Nothing like we saw earlier this afternoon. Hope you got your snow fix
Just saw Wicked in New York. It's amazing!!!
was it how's ur mothers day going and did u save my #?
Thanks for following! Please try us out & tell us what you think =)
This is a car crash
#BackStageRush its now :)
beach day with my little bro and aunt jackie
Dinner time and the game I was streaming on Apple TV at the office is here with me on my iPad as I enjoy my meal. I love the future!
In another life I would make you stay, so I couldn't say you were the one that got away
I highly support the examination and any possible development of Ecstasy
picked out a cute dress to wear tomorrow, gotta look hot...maybe you will notice me :P
Woot! Rock and roll always is, ain't it? Xxxooo
sitting alone in the atrium. fetch.
a sparkly blue sweater, bright red bell bottoms, and black stilettos. #ftw you?
Each year there is a player in the B1G on another team that I dont dislike as much as the rest. This year I think that guy is Draymond Green
👴🔫 in other words kill yoself what's good ten a key
how is the rehab going?
"swag swag swag on you, chillen' in the sand Niall's surfin' with Lou" made my day. (:
This too shall past....but it will not stop my praise!
Sorry forgot this was the championship game in NCAA hoops the way their treating this at MSG #itsnovemberright??
I AM SO GREAT AT PROCRASTINATING.
A century ago, there was a "Tamale King" in SF. Learn more about your Mexican food in Taco USA. Book reading at Brava Theater. April 13. 7pm
I have a brand new android app that will now allow me to stay more up to date with this facebook now. So kick ass ZOMBIES!!!!!
i swear my friends and i have the weirdest conversations ever.. we had a conversation on The Hunger Games then on ABC family shows.. aha <3
might be a red flag when someone lists something on Craigslist as "cheep." maybe.
Guys are all just a soul patch away from leading a completely different existence. For ladies it's a tattoo on one of your titties.
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
we might be playing either April 6 or April 30th. 30th will be with bowling for soup!
Bangin week ahead....
I'm not an anon but I'll #FF you :D
smoking on that reefer got me higher than the tree top..😚💨
& it feels so bad, but it feels so god. <3
Picking out new paint and thinking feng shui.
"I'm not doing this shyt for nothing. I pay the car note, light bill, house note...."
Just want to say hi to my fave radio person. Peace from one sexy night owl to another! Keep up the great work!
I got the rudder
As I go through my TL I see the people who are going to be successful in life.
I like your new blog.
Check out the new Cow spotters album from XLVI week!
Going to see Hunger Games later. (:
#Irene's coming! -.-
game is on! Come & watch the game! Dinner special starts at 5 but our drink prices r always happy. $3dom/$4import
well said. good luck this season.
Thousands protest the extreme women hating Right wing
#Random Travie McCoy's album was really good… I don't know why I decided to turn it on
awesome i'm very happy #excited :D
If I'm you, I'm rooting for Phoenix all the way in the other series.
Oh snap!!! Are we gonna' get this or what?!? C'mon ! Is there a Shark Attack in out future?
Unfortunately tonight we didn't have any female comedians. But we had some yesterday and we will have a couple tomorrow.Sorry
hey man how are you doing? its been awhile
Count down to the Relato conference in Valencia– getting ready to leave for Spain tomorrow! I'll be tweeting from Valencia all week.
how do politicians/government officials lie/hide truths as much as they do and still sleep at night? Maybe I should buy some ambien stock
my fingure is red from dipping it in koolaid and sugar
THE EDGE OF GLORY!
DNT MAKE ME REPEAT MYSELF
Wow, really? I love it!
I am making a clean break/running alongside black stallions/self-entitlement/earthly powers/in my wake/next stop/eternity/freedom/realized.
Pretty sure you've been allowed to since draft day. Now you can be downright giggly.
- I believe the most widely accepted nomenclature is "cat-cupuncture"...
sorry about the long wait!
last night musta been pretty calm eh ? u didn't do much damage to the orange whip cream i see
Lodging. A leaky or infested outpost is preventable, but there is no guarantee on fishing.
Westlaw folks are excited about new product! I will tell you more as it is shown to a small group of bloggers and writers.
Hungry., but I dont have an appetite.
Whne people say "Freshman>>>Sophomores", what happens when we become Sophomores?
The archives sent us their CDX files, but majority aren't available online, just in library reading room :(
Need a weed wacker to complete your weekend yard work? You are in luck! We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
this should be your look everyday
": The SPURS are a team you do NOT want to mess with!!! #GoSpursGo"
Auditioned at Passport 2 Discovery in VA today...not sure how I feel about paying ~$2K for to enter a cruise competition if selected!
i can always feel those butterflies in my stomach right before i know im going to see him <3
Heard you on 710. Very informative.
Enjoying your tweets. Big Bruce fan in Raleigh NC. Last at Rock Hall earlier this summer. Bruce exhibit amazing. Writing table A++!
so what u been up too?
I knew that. They've been digging those out for a while.
Taurus Full Moon Madness @ 12:17pm opp. Scorpio Sun-Financial matters imminent Best to slowly consider options vs. taking any drastic action
Thanks for sharing!
your welcome(: and good
just a merriment of these pills that do wonders for ailing back muscle
what show choir were you in?!
Nice seeing you too man! Thanks for the kind words last night and don't worry, I will!
“: I feel it u won any meets” not really
Goodnite you! Say hi tomorrow if your around! Sleep tite:)
According to the letter I got, it amounts to a 30% rate increase for me. I will be cancelling entirely. /cc
“: Ice cream never asks silly questions. Ice cream understands. #GirlFacts”
Hell's Kitchen: Life of the Irish tour planned for March 12! Celebrate St. Patty's Day w/ a little history before the parade!
Thanks so much for the RT and the mention!
Follow Me ?
Celine Hung: migrants resort to mestizoness to rectify alienness of ethnic Chinese. Mestizoness as heart of Filipino nationhood
Try to get interviews with some of the real "believers," they're very interesting...or crazy. haha
Thanks for the RT!
I am recovering nicely from being Pepper-Sprayed at Walmart. I would have let her skip in line if she had just asked.
One week to shoot. Great rehearsal yesterday. Lots to do on the set. Thank God for Sophia's help on the set!
I hate it when I get hacked. Sorry to those who got spoofed. I hope I have fixed this.
Yeah, I'm not sure I like the new page - hard to say if that's just because it's a change, though!
Would not be at TCU if I hadn't lol
When you think it's cute that someone is flirting with you only to find out they're flirting with someone else at the same time. BYE
traditional #astrology it would be interesting to iterate same associations for the benefics to see what their dual house associations are
When we r in the creative zone we can do amazing things
I could obliterate a chorizo and egg taco right about now.
*BANDS* need shows?
there was a tornado warning -.-
Right, so much pork, nothing really gets accomplished...
any of the incoming players plan into our future or are they just trade filler/contracts?
Happy Easter World
Finally found something my preg belly could stomach, however I still want s.p. fries from #burgerville , you've ruined me!
Took a Schick Hydro to my face and head; good-bye 2011, clean slate 2012.
“: I just want back in your head #TeganAndSara” love that song!
needs to start looking at connecting w/ foreign governments for student sponsorship. Embassies in DC, get ready for a visit!
Follow Friday! Some projects I'm working on
are you at b&n this summer? big plans? Perform on the road, maybe? Job as "Philosopher King?"
i won't tell anyone you got herpes
#LoveThatMoment when you go to bed without needing to set the alarm for the next morning
Hey, we still need to get together. Maybe you can give me social media tips? Trying to hype up the book. You around this wkd?
Here we go
I used to just sit in waiting rooms and stare at the wall...
Just done watching Runnin' man ep 50. and then went bk on twitter, and 183 tweets. jfksjdklsjf O:<
Is Hyde Park on your app?
NO NO NO ..lmao
Unfortunately, I think a childless adult male handing out stickers at kids' events might come across as creepy.
Re Arranging this song i produced.. #productive in
I like jane austen so much I even like the kiera knightley pride and prejudice
Sometimes you get called nicole in an email, even when your name is in the address...
Half naked in march and loving it. Happy Sunday! Wear sunscreen.
The Avengers in 3D!
concerts > life
He Growing Up Too Fast ;(
And I found you and followed back! Interesting app.
Do you want anything from Coffee Tree? I'm going to get dressed and walk up.
how am i going to get any work done today? i can't stop looking at the #biggestweek stream.
...The 4s will be mine.
You have to combine all four elements (air, earth, fire and water). Mud and Blazing worked for me both times. :)
Just got spammed by text message.
Like. Have a fun week at the big dance. RT : And I am done with work! Let the best vacation ever begin.
Starting a band that ONLY plays "Freebird"// Add Sweet Home Alabama and I'll dance all night long!
And by D-Day I mean Dad's day. Not 6/6 - tho thats coming up too, so what the heck - order him a MagneticPix for 6/6 too! Stick a flag on it
What's going on in commercial world y'all busy or slow?
I like my girl with ambition!!!!
My job is my only hobby :(
its some girls that cant stand us, but its because when we met we fucked and everytime you called i dont ansa, in my kirko voice.
Just to be clear.. We did not break-up on twitter.. We talked about it, then let or followers know.. Then we joked with each other (coping).
If I were in Miami, I'd start the "We want a Battier, not a broken laddier..." chant. Go #Cavs!
Everything with the EP is planned to be finished in mid March
celebrity sex tape is on the Netflix chart!
#AlliWant is for you to text me!
Yeah, that one looks good! Adding to my to-read list
can u work in the u.s.a?
I know we're about to sin but your body is a blessing.
Laugh at the tragic crisis and build a much better story.
Sinuses should be clear when you exercise to regulate air temp. You may need to take a nasal allergy medication.
Some guy was playing COUNTER-TOP the other day. In EDH. I took great pleasure in murdering him with Birthing Pod guys
Sending a big hug and holiday cheer to my friend Note to self: Don't email or DM Paul the 2nd week of each month.
ewwwwww ritas has a new flavor of italian ice thats peanut butter!!
Why do bitches think that they should not get knocked the fuck out if they put there self in a mans position
It's officially summer in Omaha. This 90s crazy.
Welcome to twitter. About time!
I guess if she leaves I'm still in one of the most beautiful places there is ...it'll break my heart to pieces but
At the rec center
Is Randall Cobb, who probably won't play much this year, worth a first round pick in rookie drafts?
Headed to Tokyo to hit at the Cotton Club 2morrow w/ & Looking forward 2 it
I am "a bit of a prat" so think Rimmer from Red Dwarf... I can live with that. :)
Just heard the news on WWHL! Congrats! Wishing you all the best!
Hate when it's big trash pickup day and I have no big trash. Such a missed opportunity :(
Im wondering: What it takes 2 make a #Leader ? or are #WE born like this?!
I don't really have a type, but #countryguys are where it's at. ;)
We would love to tour the UK! Sometime soon hopefully!
did I hear something about a comic strip in the works for you ??
Who knows, maybe we'll even work together on a project at some point in the future :)
lol you cute
dessert is good, but not when stacked up against your duck fat fries & lamb burgers. #justsayin cc
So, I pretty much adore and his mom. Check him out if you have a chance!!
It's Friday!!
do you have outdoor seating yet? Hoping to bring my dog to the happy hour.
we had a wonderful time at the fall gala & loved the great arts scene in Kansas City - esp the Petah Coyne installation!
Thanks, Claudia! Good luck on your cool project!!
I got some shit to do lol
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime <3
Already making plans for drinks in a month. haha
So what's the scoop on the wooly pig shoulder dinner :-) Got pic?
Nothing finer!
Have a party of 10 or more? can accommodate just about any party size! Call us to book your reservation 512.320.8883
New year, same goal.
Special S/O to & for making an appearance at on Friday!
Check it out! facebook.com/artistehebrew
"The Something Opens."
Action is truth. Words R no more than projected wishes without action.
Right, and heck, I'd even rather use that than the library/Overdrive, because it'll be easy to use!
I'm ready to go back there myself. Have fun!
I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it!!!!
good luck!
Learn to set limits and strategically work fitness and health into my workday. Keeps me energized and focused.
Working on tethering my Verizon Blackberry Curve to my MacBook Pro. Anyone done this?
Retweeting everyone of tweets because I know exactly how she's feeling right now too. We'll get through it girlie.
Happy Mommys Day to my Mommy! Words can't explain how much I love this ol lady.
Back from vacation. My week off was too short ...
"It teaches us that 'nothing which we have once psychically possessed is ever entirely lost." (2/2) Freud quoting Scholz
Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da: John, Ringo and George disliked this song and all three of them vetoed Paul's wish that this be released as a single.
Friday is what's happening.
Other then sneezing ooc.. Just Fabulous! hope you are as well!!
Still waiting, but what did you guys get?
RT : How to feed one's family in modern times? and I Fremont Sun for 3 course demo and find out!
I have a paper due, a midterm, a press release to write & a meeting with a client the day after St. Pattys.
You're in my hood- hope it's treating you well- can't wait to see what you're filming
Woke up and had like 30 pokes on FB this morning....(sigh) oh beautiful women lol
Getting my hair did
RT : The power of social media is truly amazing
Wont happen that way 2 ,50 yard average rushers,We need better.
VIP sold out in less then a minutes in every show.. You might be able to get some on ebay. I wasnt able to get VIP. But ...
Drove by a trailer park called Journey's End. You can't make this stuff up.
hahaha RT “: If you walk in your heels like you're a new born baby giraffe #YouAintDoinItRight”
Gay Marriage: Pretty ambitious for a guy who doesn't extend even Domestic Partnership benefits to employees of the fed govt.
F.I.S.H. = Fuck It Shit Happens ;) forget YOLO
YES they did.
I'm the person Iam for a reason ...raised in the hard knocks..gone die a real man ..
lol. The story was horrible the action was ard.
Finally read that tweet. I have a few deal breakers on that list. #2 is not one of them.
I not giving up on delena
I often call people "L-sevens". In a silly kind of way, of course and only in the context that "It takes one to know one." :D
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
it was the worst experience if my young life. I looked like David Bowie.
RT : Traits that will help us become great: Humility, discipline, teamwork.
It could be really, really bad. On the other hand, there is probably 1/100 chance that it could be good, too.
Reading about Thrace and Marmara in my Turkey tour book. I must go there!
"There's something about a trainwreck I can't just turn away from watching." - on why he's watching Jersey Shore
I know its disgusting!
not for me!
Thanks. It was fun looking back at it.
if u want me to be your managr hmu 9104947955
"The Road of a Superstar That Not Famous"
BEAUTY TIP: Dry shampoo can make your style work an extra day, check them out!
Was about to write an alias to find and open #LaTeX package documentation by name, but apparently it's already there: texdoc
Dinner for Gavin's grandma's birthday in
Ok...phone bout to go dead,that's just technology and its limitations,...I have none, RECOGNIZE(RE COG NIZE)
Happy Easter!
That's the response I'm getting from everyone. I haven't heard one positive thing about it.
Monday April 9 *racks n red bottoms* bday bash. Dont miss out. U think u tired of hearing about. O boi wait til April 10 lol
Showing to the press our social media listening command center
there's the wet n wild casting call in Kapoi , Hawaii listed! Lol!
People would b shaking like crazy if they were in the position i was in, idc anymore they wanna slam me on the ground and cuff me.. smh cops
wow - we're getting ready for a wonderful performance tonight - come by - free - DIW & NSO - 5:30pm 3400 14th St, NW
I can't believe Tony Sopranos wife just killed little Billy whatshisname from Greenday
woah there. no need for hate.
CRASH: I-84 EB- west of 53rd- right lane blocked
So proud of you!
Friday ! $2 Any Beer! $4 Any mixed drink or shot all Nite!
YOUR DATING AUSTIN!!!
Delta Launches New York LaGuardia fare sale with tickets as low as $49 to celebrate airline's New York expansion.
Alex, don't know what happened to FNM turnout last Friday. Maybe because it was 4/20??
craving so many things but if i have them ill probably be sick
Something ain't right but if I ask I'd probably get yelled at.
Being in the car w driving <<<<<<
I like your new pic!
its a great idea to go NUDE thru the cemetery tonight screaming "Get away you Horny Ghost!!" tehehe yea u wanna do dat wit me?
TODAY&FRI ONLY 50%OFF YOUR ENTIRE HAIR SERVICE W/KELLY,BRITTANY OR MICHAEL JR. CALL ASAP TO BOOK AN APPT 256-3490 50% OFF!!!!! 2 DAYS ONLY!!
The Army put me in another leadership role. I am now Squad Leader for 5th Squad.
I got everything on deck excep that darn candle. #igottagetone asap!
“: "Tread lightly." That line is still terrible. #Bachelor” That was a big sign.
": Call in with ur questions - 888-News12-NJ" "Live right now!
Off to ! Will we see you there?
Ilya won't win ya a cup.
": I'm Not Calling You.... Having Trust Issues With Marvin In His Room"
hell yea! At the Junction on the 21st!! Ya'll better be there!!!!
Will have to draw up some cat-diaper designs made of bed sheets and laundry, the materials most popular in the feline urination scene.
Mtg with intellectual property attorneys this morning. I have a 1/2 hour - asking trademarking and disclaimers - any other suggestions?
way to tell us you got the job. Congrats! I'm buying you a drink this week
haha mine too. Sound bleeding through the walls.
I know haha just don't send me hearts at all! Hahah
Time to grind some minds! RT : Ditto!
Jim Poole from from the 47th Ward team will be at the CAPS meeting tonight and tomorrow.
lmfao I hope so :) & nahh see now you are asking for too much -__- lmfao
so so true
tn? As in Tennessee?
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
me: I got a boyfriend. Mom: what's his name?! me: austin. mom: omg I can't wait to meet him!!! me: me either
Thank you so much for tonight's Q&A, Bonnie, it was awesome and I'd love to see you again!
Love it!
Hey guys, I just wanted to tell u guys to tell ur friends on facebook to FOLLOW ME!!!!!!
"Don't half-ass anything! Whatever you do, use your full ass."
I say that these girls like me only when I click the button BELOW twitter them now they do not talk to me :(
i was satisfies as long as i could hear the music. i wasnt complaining
I accepted the job that was offered to me on Friday. It was an offer i couldn't refuse. In two weeks i start a new job. I can hardly waite.
Baking & cooking frenzy! Great stress relief.
fucking hate trying my eyebrows done and I've been putting it off for so long but I gotta do them now before Europe -.-
Hey Keith, we're coming to Milwaukee this summer on our Tour! Any recs of venues to play at or bands to play with? :)
gorgeous lighting! thank you
won't be so darn lonely....
Very cool avatar!
Chillin in the park eating a hamburger with leslie <3
Go bucks
sure does seem like it would work. Probably a great strategy for your business.
no doubt
not yet. Probably won't be doing them for a while.
Totally. With a "K" even! ;)
They probably do have an Asian Barbie.
That was super fun!
That song which reminds you of the very first encounter with the love of your life
enjoy! What are you getting at ?
100 m'f can't tell me nothing
I try not to be a food snob, or impose certain eating on folks, but geez louise...enough is enough.
yo, i need some followers.
Just left the mall
Are you a displaced Texan in Florida like me?
ARE YOU A BIG RAYS FAN. YOU MUST ALSO LIVE NEAR TAMPA. RIGHT
Definitely, I'd love to spread my Recollectionitis *cough* I mean, Viewshareitis! I'll be in touch soon.
#PlansForTheSummer is to fuck like crazy
is it a phone or is it a tablet? I think it has an identity crisis.
Stop in at the LaSalle Branch for Legos at LaSalle on May 12th at 2 p.m. For ages 5 and up. Call 282-4633 for more information.
I wish I had my own Defiant Class Starship.
Did they find out your *TERRIBLE SECRET*???
Dr. Purvis will speak in Dallas at GTCP on Tues, Feb 1, at 12:00. Check our website, www.child.tcu.edu, under News & Events for more info.
1/2 I think I am going to watch wizards of waverly place all day today if I can I can't believe it don't come on nothing will ever compare
Hollywood Bowl season is here-- a great place to enjoy great food this summer, and not kill your whole dietary week! [Post coming soon]- SB
When I run I think sweat is fat crying!! WooHoo!!
If u live in S Florida, St Louis or SoCal – don’t miss ‘s up-coming Cutting Edge Clinic. Email for info!
renato, go away.
Gettin ripped b4 practice, wondering why no one has given his own TV show yet???
Fav Toy Story movie is Toy Story 3, but fav PIXAR movie is definitely UP! :D
sorry, i have not. I did see griffin landy tho. He came to see our performance
and it feel so good to love like that music in my ears saying baby its long way down falling from heaven
Geno done asked what my twitter name is lol
at me?
omg me too , mad people are going so I'm excited too :)
yep, no flash is partly why I'm not buying the ipad2 and am going with an adroid tablet instead (most likely the galaxy tab).
im awake till my wake every dolla up for stake
Congrats! Happy bachelor weekend!
this has went downhill since Eloy ugh
There's a toothless beaver out there because Jessica Sanchez stole his teeth!
it's a beautiful mane of masculinity not to be ridiculed but respected.
September 17th 2011. i will be 17 and im going to see cody simpson. ahh!!
Beckett, on why he wrote: I could not have gone through the awful wretched mess of life without having left a stain upon the silence.
thanks for the RTs - happy Friday!
Q7 Sounds like fun! Give it a shot. If it goes horribly awry, magnets are easy to take away.
Family cried as three teenage defendants appeared in court on arson charge. Blamed for fire at Woodburn HS.
Have you made an appointment yet? Call (904) 636-0787.
<---- One of a Kind #NoFlex cause really, where you gonna find another 6'1 Fijian mix like this?!
thank you for the kind words! I'll be sure to let my father know!
unfortunately, yes
that youtube video is hilarious!!! goodness
are 1st in the Western Conference right now… Awesome!
Rewriting my frikken book for my final paper. This shot better be a worthy because this is the most effort I have put towards this class
I&#39;m glad my bf loves real sport Football. Basketball is wack..like baseball.
I feel like I'm dreaming
Shots? Bars?
hello glad we are connected!
I get more ass than a toilet seat
Me too! RT : Ready for & in MKE! ! Hoping for some Bon Iver tunes & an SVE cover
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!
Do you have any fun recyclable craft ideas for our upcoming "ReMake Your Own" Late Night? Share them with us!
thanks for the shout
"Joe Campbell never metaphor he didn't like," attests
Attorney for Sugarland's management company says most of band's press releases were issued in response to Allen's statements
I knew you would succumb to the quince method. It is especially for those with difficult lives, you know...
Let's go
Getting the tree today. Decorating. Then to a sold out Beirut show tonight.
50%off premium rolls are available in the house! Please come in and check them out!
onion blossoms <3
hey Kate! I hope you're doing okay :) Stay strong girl, and always smile!
Great clients inspire the stylist/artist to do personalized works of art
Incredible day out. So lucky! :D
Kettlebell, abs then a run.
It's hard to find a good lamp for my desk so I can work at night. Maybe I'll just get a lava lamp!
Well, I hope I give you " nervous energy" ;-)
did you get the LEYE gift card i sent you via email? I just want to make sure it didn't go into your spam or something. Let me know!
Horrible news about Mo Rivera. Class act and one of the most dominant pitchers ever. Hope this isn't the end of the line for him.
#GoTribe Beautiful day to head on up to cleveland for some tribe baseball!
Same here! Haha
YO ERIN MARTIN IS A CLOWN
Is there anyone in the Mac Company who can lead the company the way Steve Jobs did? Is there a group of people in the company who can?
happiest place on earth! : )
It's Monday yet again :-/ What are you sippin' on tonight to cure the Monday blues?
Up Late Tonight Thinking Of Some Music Ideas..Beat Concepts,Social Promotions,etc..
That is awesome, you should bring those skills over to our OFA PA office in Philly some time!
i like a bad bitch who keep her bad bitches with her ;)
Mega Tron is a beast!!!
lol trying to unwind so i can sleep
We want the Imposter Kane to come out in this match.
easy does it. Lol. Not all of them in the county but 90%
My pleasure, Holly. :)
Who is going to THRASH AND BURN tonight!?!?
PROVE IT!
I guess I have some creativity deep inside me. I jar bent found it yet. I may never find t! Lol jk ;)
Second to last presentation of this EP Leadership Residency...Cyrus Koushestani says...the obesity rate in some wards of DC is 47%.
yes! Looking forward to the post, good luck!
Muir Hugh's fabulist fantastical animals at the bookstore as long as they last...
JUST GET MARRIED ALREADY!
#nowplaying Missing You by Brandy, Gladys Knight, Chaka Khan, & Tamia </3 crying like hell.
celebrates the birthdays of Amy Beach (1867) and John Cage (1912).
know feeling n those small buyins. Guy set mined on FT w 15 BBs. Got there 22 vs my KK as chip ldr. Not near as bad as 89 tho
well that person just plain sucks!
Dangg she serious too
San Francisco Auto Insurance Agency Offers Free Membership to Good Hands Roadside Assistance from Allstate
Cant wait till comes to Miami (: hope You enjoy living here like i do (:
-_|~!! TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sure thing!
don't forget to check out our personal accounts if you fancy getting to know us a little better!
good afternoon lovies! whewww im just waking up for the 2nd time today...i was on sleep over drive
Today's writing tip: Often time, the writing process does not involve writing. Embrace the process.
Heard I made the senior slideshow...love ya sista
sat. morning cartoon flow.....
RT if you are still going strong with your New Years Resolution - what was it?
I'm clever and I'm a lefty but you'll have to claim the fascist label for yourself.
At the comic book store >.<
“: Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them. But do not let them master you. -Hellen Keller”
that was yesterday FYI
No prob! Hope to see you soon.
#PacerNation LETS GO!!!! I'm so going to the game thursday! 😃
Who's got the best crab legs in Jacksonville, anyone?
: "Winter always turns into spring." - Nichiren"
What up Ro how is your day going
It was a dark and stormy night...and we here at HIBF would like to remind you that the fest will happen rain or shine! Bring an umbrella!
yeah lost the gay vote and those of us ind that support gay marriage. Don't be afraid paranoid and delusional.
Not much just been up to the same ole thing!!!!! WBU?
You seem like a really down to earth person. That was cool. :)
RT : #12ntcgomo mentioned as a good resource for responsive design #12NTC - websites by nfp for nfp
So, non-COS tweeps, to explain -- we're having invasion here that makes biblical plague of locusts look like Sat. in the park.
who's your favorite NFL team?
I hate lil girls especially the ones who claim they grown in doing dis in dat but still act like a child.
At #sharesf w/ An elixir of inspiration & innovation.
Cole Hamels says he qualifies for maintaining "old school" mentality cause he uses antique white for his frosted tip color
thank u Zach! are u visiting or are u local?
In love with Jay Z 😘
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
.: Slaves voices are not visible in 18th-c archive. Is absence presence? Shadows. Ghosts. Technology can reduce silences.
Best Movie Poster Ever !
How do you us timeouts
The Pentagon gave Russia a 1 BILLION dollar no bid contract.. We bought 3 VIP helos for Afghan Pres. This is fraud ladies and gentleman...
if you follow twisst, you can get alerts for your area as well.
Excited to see & Gladys Knight!
Thank you, Magic
It's official. I'm fuckin 30.
7" with the title track off new album, Always, split with a Dirty Beaches cover of Francoise Hardy. Can't wait to listen!
We're kicking off Nov w/ Tip Tuesdays! Tune in this wk & every Tues for insider tips on training, nutrition & other interesting topics.
justin my life my best friend had an accident yesterday Carolina thanks for listening: '(
If Loyola and Dominican really work together, then why are their classes and meetings held on the same nights in conflict?
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Isaish Amato ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Vancouver, WA ⁰Travel Team: Inner City Players ICP ⁰Point Guard 5’4
THE PRINCE IS HERE.... PRINCE ADIUM
Alabama needs a dependable FG kicker!
shout to Compton
Tell me why all the Repub candidates seem compelled to kneel and pay homage to Trump. Call me crazy, but just seems hair-brained act to me.
This day can end already... I'm cold. Yuck.
Are you heading out to Eugene, Oregon on Septemer 4th to support Locksley's Lobos? This is a big game for our school.
Has anyone done H2O Bootcamp @ Princeton Club? Is it a workout or water ballet?
you too! Thanks for the interest in
Often start w/ "which tool do you prefer for research" (general) or "which tool would be most helpful when researching __"1/2
that happened to me this semester with an engineering class but I still did aight. You'll make it.
Thanks Emily! RT Great piece by on what insolvency meant in Oakland Unified.
Wait MARIANO got injured?!
Paul #answer on Military spending. Look at who is backing him! Active military members.
I told you they would hurt!! It feels like weights on your teeth!!
its sad how i look on facebook and guys are starting to do that duck face pose.
Wpt main event- started with 30k, at 37.3 at first break
are you with her? Hoping she could cover my shift tonight
This is a whole new team. If u couldn't tell by how we closed out Dallas. Laker fans know wassup. I don't even gotta say shit. SWEEP
Happy Birthday to my BFF's little brother Hope you've had a great day!
my room is the perfect temperature right now.
I wish I had something to do tonight :(
Early going 107 cappers with picks on today's NFL championship games with 3 consensus from these pks so far with more to come
i dont even know why im excited for summer. got nothing to do!?
Interested in buying a house?
an entire article on not liking Silicon Beach. What is the world coming to
'bout to watch me some
Government is still main participant in the delivery service of petroleum products. - Mofe Boyo of
I totally agree! I'm too scared of red lipstick, but I am wearing some red tinted lip balm. :)
Hey, Do I know you ? ;D Anyways idrcc , thats twitter . Lol
2 trips to Jamba today. it's kinda like heaven in my mouth.
Sunny day in p-town, just got off the river...
It's a celebration at Auditorium shores to kick off Rodeo Austin. Coffee, biscuits, pancake--ALL FREE
RT : This I'd pay for! RT : The eLearning Experience, by Cirque du Soleil. #FakeDevLearn (I'd pay too!)
Sometimes I feel like more I try the less I accomplish.
New York,.NY- need females for body parts modeling. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Baseball is 90% mental and the other half is physical. --Yogi Berra
10 days left of school!
yea so whats up!
Happy Easter!
Ooh. I might be in town then. Keep me informed!
Confusing Bruce Springsteen with Buffalo Springfield
Using, going out on, risking life and, or other? RT Writing about limbs.
Jalen Rose needs money? “: u n and skip better leave my man jrose a loan, he getting down n dirty on the show
You're the one doin it!
#NYPD arresting people for quietly sitting down on a sidewalk, this is absurd.
going to walk my new puppy
Hey girll, you going to be at school tomorrow? Btww i have somee really god news! :D
who stole our domain name? that wasn't nice
I was trying to click on someone else's name!
LOL HAHA RT There's no reason why I should be able to see the imprint of your knees through your pants. You're a man.
“:Iam goin 2 miss every moment about this program #tears I'll always remember this program” This is how we want everyone 2 feel
android? RT : My phone has converted into a remote thanks to the AT&T u-verse app, it's the little things folks!
oh okay i did see that on the news....yeah im cancelling my account and going with a credit union
thanks for the RT! It's important for ppl to remember magnesium. Leafy greens & whole grains are good sources.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 325i Coupe for a new car!
U guys are crazy over me!:))
have you been hacked?
You only need to hear one side of it!
There are usually interesting discussions on Andrews blog.
I understand. It would be neat for fans to donate to their local blood bank and feel like part of the #SabresBloodDrive too.
In dc cab and radio jockey is plugging the national human trafficking hotline! 888-3737-888
thank you!!! I needed that lol
The polar bears have made an entrance on screen reacting to the speaker. I think Tupac is about to show up.
I believe that!
I love it, I love it, i love it when you eat it ®
The opening night party was hoppin'!!!
All you have is yourself when providers aren't avail until the next business day. HA!
At least Axford still has his save streak... *rolls eyes*
Why is is that that speech leaves me covered in goose bumps, tears flowing no matter how many times I hear "I Have a Dream?"
If I like u when I first meet u , I'll love u like I've known u forever. But if u do me wrong , imma be on tht FUCK U BITCH shidd.
Irony: Taking your Prilosec with Red Bull. Yes, it's dumb and YES...I just did.
Hmm. I don't think I have anything anyone would want... How about a bottle of Jim Beam Me Up?
hopper you are the biz.
Sweet sour album by Band of Skulls, YOU need to check it out. MySpace or Pandora them lol
I know one thing if an when I do ever have kids I want them to have the same father
im just a shy guy dey dont like ey can sue me m d way u do me i <3 u
ha. Progress.
Merry Chinese food and a movie day!
What? Why? :O My parets would take me everywhere i want! I mean, It's cheap! Ask your parents! ;) xoxo
Seattle, our first Twitter contest: Free panini to our 100th follower. Please RT thanks
New Louisiana health Care Quality Forum website! www.lhcqf.org Great job Louisiana!
I'm sure Tsingtao would sponsor it but everyone would end up pounding Miller Lite. Just like every other holiday.
Last real week of high school. This is too weird.
CONCERTS ARE MAKING ME BROKE... But at the same time they're giving me the best experiences of life and keeping me happy. Gahd.
Leonard pretends to be a friend then acts like a two-faced bitch.
Class warfare amongst republican candidates is just priceless.
thanks for the RT!
Happy Birthday Andy! Ur an inspiration to us all bro
still so hard to even get in the overflow classes!
hey u member me :D
please pick me :-) it would mean the world to me and my daughters.
Oh, ok... at least it's Friday
Still picking up the edits on the new novel and waiting for the cover design.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Don't ever get " I want you" confused with " I need you" cause I don't need anyone
Had Lunch with Chris La, the newest edition to 15four.
New topic - Weekend MONOCHROME #77 |20-22 April| Post yours!
Get your free video send us an email.
...if they vote Obama out of the office, we're going to be #chopped&screwed
Janet Burroway's definition & explanation of poetry (p. 310 of IW 2nd ed) is the best I've read.
I got 9 tickets left. Get at me!!!
In the vein of Friday hugs, perhaps you should dedicate a day of the week to Bob Ross favorite paintings....?!
#WestCoast is the place to be!!
you could be the grimm ima be the reapa
Japan's DJ Krush is grooving at the Empty Bottle on Jan. 27th. Who's coming with me?
I wish we had some type of food in this house.
RT it completely boggles my mind how lazy some people are
Been ridin around for the past hour trin to get my son to fall asleep in the car. Shits didnt work.
Wow! Your server is so...slow!
ya kinda disappointed w the vol au vent tbh butt looking fwd to French toast! :)
I hear ya. I need a break too. But I don't get my vacation days back until end of June.
I do not want Peyton in the
About to put something together that explains specifically why a major gifts program. Concentration of wealth is one factor.
. this is getting weird.
also, from a [semi-new] iPhone convert - OPEN THE BOX! gamechanger, I promise.
Catching up on parade work while watching On Wisconsin!
Randi Korn: Continual focus on producing more programs for larger attendance is unsustainable.
Good for you! Even on my least motivated days I'd be a bit happier after :)
Another turnover? #Steelers your killing me!
And the noose keeps getting tighter and tighter.
Hope everyone had a great Spring Break! :) what did everyone do this last week?!
#oomf got what I want
will you hold me
follow back please
Operation: Sound Off! And OSO artist Dustin Wilkes will be featured on Inside Music Row on March 19th, 8:30pm central. Check local listing
We have had a few calls tonight from davis from party guests who have drank too much-glad they made the right decision!
Hi Stereogum Team! We sent a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! We would love your feedback! www.twintapes.com
We all go through our own situations, but when you got your support system >>> 👍😁
does this mean you'll be at mr. smith's tonight?
Jury duty 2day.Im an actress & planned on wearing a bikini, u never know who u might meet,but wz told pants&shirt r a MUST. Dammit!
Yaaaay, excited for another day!!
looks dope as fook.
Go right ahead with putting My Inspiration in rotation. Thanks for exposing us to so much more people!
not yet but will ASAP! Such a fantastic book and movie complemented it well!
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
We're actively developing Bright Funds for Enterprises. Does your company have a commitment to sustainability? Community? Join us!
lesson building & sharing - would love to hear how you do this & what pain points u have (because I'm trying to make it easier!)
#YouKnowYourHigh When you been floating over and hour.
Thanks all for voting us 2011 #eecms Plug-In of the Year Runner-Up, great honor! We have a few things up our sleeves for 2012!
they were just getting mad because I said I didn't have anything to change into
Caved in and bought Lottery tickets for the MegaMillions. Pie-in-sky dreaming, sure. But the lottery seems a surer bet than this economy.
Missing some Austreams was definitely worth this Amazing song #SaySomethin .<3 He has come so far! ^__^
please tweet some more brilliance. Tweet tweet!
Subject is contraband insignia
And the fellas droppin it low tho
Good Luck today!!! You deserve it!
What is that? That's Kevin Tran ... So, Kevin, you can, ah, read the chicken scratch on the God rock, huh?
I tell you I'm playing keys on a Gaga song? Solo! It's awesome.
i want to follow me on this account. :P
Elephant says to camel:why do u have 2 breasts on your back?Camel says:that's very inappropriate for someone w/ a penis on his face to ask!
Despite your past and regardless of your current circumstances, your future can exceed your expectations
I saw a jordan wizards jersey yesterday
lol if I ever come I'll give u a tweet
Check out Bartab - This will spark interest throughout the bars and restaurants at no cost to the venues!
That's great Lisa! Congratulations!
"I secretly fist pump"! Hahaha! 👊👍💪
i'm actually way too hyper right now
the time.......she is a changing
#Johnson: Heurist = an academic social network "database of everything" ... one-stop shop for most kinds of data we deal with.
Let the excuses begin...
thanks! it was great! fun fun fun! wish you could have been there!
Trinh T. Minh-Ha's Surname Viet, Given Name Nam at the Walker Art Center
( April / 19 / 2012 ] Is Almost Here BabyGirl <3 One Year , ( With Some Childish Break Ups ) ONE YEAR <3 #TeamCOMMITTED (:
Not true. You need to search within specific databases and select "black" for race. Hang in there.
It's true
i would like someone to bring me macncheese/mashed potatoes from wood, clean my room, and give me a massage. all without speaking. thanks.
RT : If you're interested in the , Serving or served in the #peacecorps...join us for #rpcvchat today at 12pm EST!
awww. love you too honey.
.. :[ (actually, we get to refer those questions to a different desk!)
thankyou too :P and your always welcome love♥ cool you from Germany?
going to the midnight premiere of #theluckyone hopefully is there <3 <3
We had a great weekend in South Texas! Ready to play in Tyler, TX this weekend!
Anyone read Down Detour Road: an architect in search of practice? Any recommendations on good architectural reads?
When does the Chicken Salad Sub return??
TRUST is the base of all relations. A small mistake can change the whole thing. Like missing T can RUST the relationship. :-)
Tears for the umpteenth time today. Just so proud of #teampablove in the #LAmarathon. Couldn't have had a finer group.
is on!! SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH :)
Oh no! :( So sorry to hear it, please leave feedback, I'll touch base.
its rain outside bo
Thanks, glad you like them! More than a hobby, less than a profession?
#19MillionMonsters One big family
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
LFO syncing up nicely. Wobble, Wobble!
Approx how many hours/week spend walking around your schools? Important to find balance between desk time & MBWA
let's see about scheduling that! ;)
it makes me wonder what page they landed on :)
I would love to have just a chilled #MovieNight right about now.
a lot of teams run it, nobody runs it full time. Not suggesting that either but the way Jets run it will make Tebow successful
I don't have many followers!
Looking forward to "In Perfect Harmony," salute to vocal groups from early 30s to mid-'70s at 92nd Street Y's Lyrics & Lyricists.
I hate my old stuff, it's beyond cheesy and it's so freshman year
how the hell did it get to be Sunday already? this weekend totally robbed me. I am owed at least half a Friday.
Thank you for the #FF, Mike! (Sorry for the late reply!)
To all Americans who have served their country, today we officially give thanks, but know you are always in our thoughts.
My ugg mug haven't been texting me..
ok came back online for a bit.. still not finished with homework :( but I needed a break! so did I miss anything? :P
I feel so bad for the family of the victims of hazing. Frat/Soro have been sued and suspended. FAMU should set a higher standard. Thoughts?
The clock is ticking.
give me a call lets talk about your seo needs,623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean
maybe. :x
Fuck those niggas that say; swag is annoying . Haha
Only pundits think u have to stake claim on politics of the decision. Parents know children thrive in lots of diff situations.
Aww thanks!!! You, too. Our hairstyles were both the opposite of our usual dos! :)
There's been a booze ban on the L.I.R.R. What are you going to do?
you got it! We're big supporters of our military - thanks for all you do!
Have tickets to the cataracs tonight in Tahoe im not going to make it. You can try to convince will call to give them to you
Yes, this is our moment, this is The Year of Boulevard!
Attend the July 19th School Board meeting -- stand up for PE. 7 pm. 501 N. Dixon St
Thirsty for that new iPad announcement in less than 3 hours.
Good Afternoon! Jus was pondering on I'm so Bless😊 To God Be the Glory....
I am not very patient when waiting for an email to arrive.
its a girl thing wouldn't understand
wonderful hash tag, sir.
Marc of Forever The Sickest Kids band wearing a Project 143 wristband during their show! Thanks Marc! www.facebook.com/project143
Today already sucks! Work calls after only 4 hrs sleep. 3rd 16hr day starts now.
Join our fan page facebook.com/workforbooks
roll down your windows and crank up the
You're asking too much. RT : dear white "allies": please come correct or don't come at all.
We think too alike when it comes to baseball.
Hotter than fish grease outside!
So, day 4 of 2012 is as good as day 3...#Albuquerque #Nonprofit #Fundraising TBA as to which #NM #Soccer club is going to partner with us!
come on get higher.
pre-draft would make sense though for Kimmel to promo draft night before. Only 1 guest booked for Weds...rg3?
Just two more weeks....
thanks Surgery went great and I'm home now getting pampered by my kids :-)
he's PrettyDamnTough
edit edit edit
oh that makes a lot more sense now!!
21 Jump Street here i come
You guys try the maple syrup/bacon sundae from the WI products pavillion? Good stuff! Hitting me some dueling pianos now.
i feel you bra, im on the same level, ya boy missin florida badly lol
So pissed, packed up my baby to go to to see and and was told only execs and VIPs were allowed in.
Thank you much for the RT. Your thoughtful input on all aspects of volunteering is always much respected and appreciated.
I'm searching YouTube right now for "How to make a social media startup worth $1 billion"
My last RT>
MTV MOBB THRU NWC & TAPE DA SHOP & R DUDE BRELAND, PEEP MTV"s MADE & FEEL DA HEAT WE POUR N OUT, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Justin Bieber playlist c:
Thinking of celebrating my birthday with you this Saturday, do you have vegan options? Thanks!
Lit circles are a great example of flipping the classroom.
For programming and Animation positions in the games industry contact either .uk or .uk
you were right. It is not an illusion. :) Love you Spesh!
I like Jaylor but I like Taylorsquared better.
Who's going to the SPIKE Video Game Awards with me?
Jessmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones
“: is a damn pro at these dorm beds” amen
can't wait for next fri
Best part of filling in for Travis and getting done early? Catching the last hour of & on - Fun w/ Wunderlic!
I think this the first time me and had a conversation .
got chu sorry I haven't been online in a while
RT now to win: "I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek"
did anyone watch Pey's Ustream ? how was it !?
no it did not wark out who is the real soncara
Excited to finish some business at the PCT 50M tomorrow. Have a great weekend everyone!
tell them to stop following
I had vacation last week so I'm going back tomorrow but I don't want to :(
Celine Hung: Hokkein used in Filipino film as an anachronistic relic – as escape from the nation or as return only as tourist.
yeah, I landed about a hour or so ago. In in Nashville till Monday :)
I wonder if "SweatBox" by Wiz Khalifa x Disco Biscuits is tied up in legal litigation or if they just decided it wasn't dope enough...
im glad :)
Amen we need more people to believe because God is being taken out of almost everything.
#exponential2012 thanks Brandon!! Safe travels home after the conference!
thank you thank you thank you!
RT : ROMNEY THERE ONE YEAR LONGER: RT : Harvard alum #Romney says #Obama may have spent too much time at Harvard
Well, I didn't have my Malaysian translator today.
Studying music videos , blogs, webisodes ... Listening to beats! Never been so focused in my life...
In other news: just started rolling out coupon codes, direct deposit tests are passing, & hard at work on interface updates
3. #Zombies want to devour human flesh not other Zombies, cuz that's just gross.
Black women in general are just beautiful
I want some breakfast.
Hi follow me back?? :)
haha I actually came to mine, nice crowd here but this is worthless
Never thought I'd hear somebody wanting Inge and that .200 batting average to come back.
i hope you feel better and I'll take care of as soon as i get home
My new part-time job: gallery attendant at Worcester Art Museum. The real challenge? Tracking down comfy clogs like I had as an undergrad.
15 films with $1M+ in box office earnings this weekend. Going into 'Avengers' weekend and the summer smash start, a very impressive take!
why wouldn't bleachers open up next weekend??
Doesn't matter how it happens as long as it ends up in the W column!
Everything falling today for the Bulldogs now. Ron Nored hits a deep three to give them a 22-18 lead with 5:30 to go.
Get a taste of the weekend this Wednesday at #Fridays! Join us for our #HappyHour specials from 4-7pm, including $4 & #highballs!
you know we got yo back cuz.
Debating whether humanities data curator should be one person, or distributed skills.
Kick some ass!
he legit has 2000 pictures!
I have family in the UK but mostly in Ireland
yea that's true but some guys think wit they dick head
email me or text that weird number I've been using
thanks for the #sxswedu tweets! Catching up now.
You're too special! I never ever wanna lose our friendship <3
Nice suggestion!
Gonna watch bros bro'ing out in Shadyside for the Big Brother auditions.
Thanks for watching!
I just love how most people think I'm straight lol XD makes me feel manly and what not
I hate being sick:/
#OneThingImSureOf Two chickens, beer, fat girls and a dog name chi chi do not mix
David Ortiz is smackin the hell outta baseballs this year.. Lehh go
RT : Join me for this Friday's #followreader, 4-5 p.m. EDT w/special guest 'll be talking Summer Reads 2012!
ha. ok hop on a plane.
Burger King. RT : LAST QUESTION: Name of the tattoo center where Gaga got her Born This Way tattoo.
seems like the Aussies r pursuing real price discovery rather than just fiddling while DC burns.
I stayed up FAR too late talking amazing opportunities with the crew and it was worth it 200%.
fire Thanks for following. Enjoy the weekend!
watchin the same thing
Bad girls club (: <3
RT : oh wait and the last minute of the purdue game... gah so many
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for helping a sister out, just got to 100 - woohoo!
true, but the checklist is on the SPEA website. I kinda expected better. Haha
I want a caramel sundae from Mickey D's..
hey, no bad attitudes allowed in ny
Baker's One Bowl Brownies in the oven and a yummy quesadilla for lunch.
“: Outlaw aka has been working on his round kick. I think he's just about perfected the move. #kickboxing #pregancy"
Lemme go ahead and drop some light work
Romantic Tip #2: Give your lover a dozen roses - make 11 roses red and make 1 white - attach a note that says "In every bunch there's one...
Missed the start to my event and now I don't get my varsity letter -____-
tweeted 99 times and a bitch ain't one.
Key word here is "I"
The Awdkward moment when your crush doesn't reply to your messages, but update their Facebook status
Thanks. Appreciate it. I think it will all work out.
Just RT'ed a couple of links to watch the HOF announcement. Air Force's Scott Thomas among the finalists today.
Thank you for reviewing louequi3 & yueyue! We are now Top 1 at 6months range! Top 4 in 1 Month range! Top 2 in all times!
It's crazy people day at Kroger. The lady dressed like a clown? She also has a dog in a sling. It's white with a hot pink strip in it's fur.
": I hope Obama doesn't get re-elected. America would be doomed" You must not keep up in politics to be making this statement
Mitch farmer how could I have forgot you...miss ya mate.
yeah. One day I went to get gas for the mower and just kept driving to the gravel stop.
so that means you won't be wanting to join me October 21 when #americasteam comes to town.
Perfect day for $10 buckets and free pool!!
get it done!
is tuned in to you and
About to use the deep drier for the first time. Hopefully watching mom does me some good... Lol
Woah, I need more gay followers.
If (insert appropriate religious figure here) had meant for us to block the streets. They wouldn't have invented treadmills.
Shiiaatt! Power just went out
thanks so much :)
Telling stat: Since 2009, top-eight seeds in boys lax playoffs are 22-2 in the second round.
Now watch them pour on ten runs
I guess ill try to sleep.
kinda like last year. Losing stat and Chauncey
I'm glad I'm not a hockey fan bc y'all make it seem awful!!!
Off to get then to Brooklyn. Am I missing any pattern in my get-up? Polka dots? Plaid? Pin-stripe? Ah, Paisley!
Downloaded the Selena Gomez album for my daughter and I cant stop listening to the club remixes
you going to tower?
#OTR day one in the books....so much fun! Looking forward to day 2 in HR!
Wesley Snipes must surrender to do his time by Dec. 9th. Hard to believe.
on #startups: it has become a culture!
I would have been fine with the heavy handed cycle foreshadowing if they just explained the Gods motivations better.
It's all about Customer Service thank you for helping out #TeamTigerblood last minute!!!
free throws are just as good as the store-bought kind
nah. They not.
So weird whenever I drive by there every once and a while, cuz it hasn't changed Lol
We all hunger to be affirmed -- to be seen, to be heard, to be reflected back to ourselves in a positive way.
I feel your pain
help i'm alive
Doing a snoozer of a project. Is this REALLY why I spent 10 years in college?
Audi, thanks for the add!
good morning!!
Just did "Insanity" for PE 101..... just want to pass out and call it a day...
Well at least there was one good game on today.
I try so hard not to fall apart in front of you but once yout gone i fall apart and cry till i cant anymore with my heart still broken </3
rich ppl are nutty
Our live interactive auction show starts at 6pm at www.dealshow.com tonight and every weekday, monday - friday
Search the internet for some new ideas, energy saving gadgets & the likes.
Morning my love!❤ I know I don't tweet much but I just thought I should start!
Only God can judge me. Who the f**k is you? Good Morning freeworld. S/O to the homies and fam on lock. Too many to name. Sad but true.
been in LA for 2 months, finally heading to Venice Beach!
We seem to make this stock market so complicated. Basically, the season of the BEAR is now upon us regardless I the bullish news.
YEESSSS!! ": turns out it's National Cleavage Day!!! haha!!!"
Lol my mom just ask me if Trey songz was gay ...
I prefer an interesting vice to a virtue that bores. (Molière)
Completed a 12 hour drive through NorCal and Nevada. Realized today just how much I love road trips. Feels great to be back in Vegas.
"When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way! from you first cigarette your last dyin' days." -Riff, West Side Story
info at totsonthego dot com
We had a little "come to Jesus" meeting. She now appreciates her license & the use of the car. ;)
you can cry in the shower. Why not underwater?
#WhyDoIAlways screw myself over. No matter what. Doesn't cease to fail. At least I have consistency.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Well at least they played it(: and TWICE!!
I'm Good! RT : we out here tryin' a function!
Keep talking bout "Jobless" recovery. Reason? US keeps exporting thousands of "free trade" jobs on daily basis!
Come On !
That didn't take long
RT If being a Little Monster gives you freedom
Do not fill out checks with eyebrow pencil. Very important rule to remember.
if a man doesnt want U & only U, m0ve the fuck on! dont use KiDs as an excuse 4 STUPiDiTy! It just makes u look desperate!
Looking for that special toys visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what your looking for!
Watching this I realize I have zero emotional attachment to this #Coyotes team. If I did I'd be pretty excited.
spring is here...soccer season is in full swing for my kids. got out on the golf course 2 weeks ago.
3 more days of school...
get that insurance in case u crack that shit
good luck today
I think even more than that it's not always the best path to change. Chances are there's an existing org tackling the problem!
Follow on twitter
ive seen all the way up to dax so you gotta catch up haha
If it wasn't for bassnectar I would not be getting hype right now @ the gym.
Thanks for the feedback! RT : Just had my daily gummy vitamins, they are so good!! I wish I could eat em' all :)
#ImagineQue was on stage during his #BelieveTour and sang One Less Lonely Girl as a flashback, then chose you to be his OLLG.
And that's all folks.
Future replacement? MT: : Big news. Hubert Davis is leaving ESPN & will be an asst coach at North Carolina under Roy Williams.
Band concert night for Jessica!
GOOD LOOKIN 2 JAMMIN 983 FOR JUST PLAYING MY TRACK MOTHERS DAY (EVERYDAY) LOVE MY MAMA!!
I cant believe i aint doin shit for spring break,, AGAIN! i this school is super
come see my band play in the marina tonight at 9PM. good old rock and roll
U know now u can donate human organs through Facebook not pianos. organs and I don't mean the organ that's in church ok good
Love all the acceptance letter retweets! I remember when I got my letter :)
You love rain, but you open an umbrella. You love sun, but you find a shadow spot. This is why I'm afraid, you say you love me too.
hahahha. That made my night
My wife is like Grampa on the Simpons; she b like we gon do this, tht, an this; 5 min later "z"
Tough first game for our 14u #ssbaseball team this morning. Great recovery in game 2. We r ready for bracket play on Thursday!
Yea and ya don't stop!
i know rite...wit his twatchin azzh
If ur seeing some and hanging out, but not in a relationship what's the protocol on going out with other people if asked?.
Like, is it a personality thing? Is it how they behave at home & it just translates to public? Someone enlighten me.
It's beautiful out there this afternoon! And inside the gallery, too. Stand by for some photos from this month's exhibition.
# Earthday Good4life care: 100% recycled bottles, made in USA within 20 miles, low waste shipping, gravity fed machines, and skylights e.t.c
Jus got out the shower.....grindmode time
NO!!!! Leave Mc'ds fries alone!!!!
found out student rate is 10 percent off.
Make Kony famous!
I try and stop it all but if I can't I will stop the hard
It's 8pm on a Thursday, why are there so many drunk people out?
Every relationship has problems. Don't let something that can be fixed, break your relationship....
yes, duh i am still interested in the role.
only if there's a billing code for that
Being lost in downtown Baltimore...kinda funny..... Kinda sketch. I'll check in with yall in the morning to see how it goes... Hopefully
oh so this is what a steaming pile of monkey ass feels like... ._.
You can't expect me to be fine. I don't expect you to care.
my sister Tay says u were were makin her die with all them jokes from the concert night
Wow, excellent news! Can't wait to get on your level :)
for sure. Heat makes my curls sad! It's so hard to get them back to their defined selves after too long! Try to resist :D
Bur, it's cold outside! Stop by for a heart warming breakfast! We'll even let you play with our wifi,
happy mothers day
what do I have to do to get in on this round table?
I deleted my tweet, but did I say it was?
yep. lol. Im going to go so i can get enough sleep for school tomorrow :\ goodnite (:
her name is Lupita. She's a diesel.
OUR BOYS goddammit! Show you balls!
So we ignore each other, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this.
Can't wait to get out of work tonight...
For those CIOs who leave, perhaps. But often they leave for reason
boys are always talkin to me y not girls i mean i would like new friends :D
STILL thinking about the Trader Joe's chocolate croissant I had for breakfast. Not a good sign, not good at all.
its okay Linde doesn't love me.
Nice have fun RT : LAS VEGAS
Losing a friend forver is the most hurtful thing, I never thought I would go through this again. Nobody is immortal even when you feel i ...
So happy to have you join us! Hope you are enjoying Singapore...without me...
I will never understand why people even bother speaking when all that comes out their mouths are lies?!!? Makes me sick 😖😭💔 😡💩👎
lmfao uh , no thank you mom (:
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 17
duh, this is easy. I would take your call first as you are the gate keeper!
Not doubting #Anon claim of access to every classified database. Just that big claims require big proof.
hope all is well with
Paid advertising is so much smaller than the organic search of unpaid traffic. We are investing in the wrong segments.
ah but you know exactly what it means though I bet!
if Lady Gaga and Justin Beiber got into a fight, who would win? lol
From your blog post I'm not sure if you joined amazon select. Did you?
GRIN YOURSELF THIN: Brazilian research found that serotonin, the “happy hormone,” reduces appetite. -- Dave Zinczenko ()
Someone help me find shoes for prom my dress is turquoise
share all you want. I don't mind
new server from is online! finally moving #OpenSim, #OSGrid + web projects to a new home. happy friday :)
seriously rocked their set! These kids know how to get a crowd moving!
?Thursday tunes?
fantastic! Congrats sir
Shirts are ordered and will be ready for bamboozle! Super excited for their debut!
names #Northeastern catcher Jon Leroux as Player of the Week. Auburn, MA junior was 9-for-16 w/ 3 HR in 4 games.
Good plan! RT : with lots of SPF and a lawn chair
There's no certainty – only opportunity.
I love it when that happens too. A lot of times those are the strongest melodies. The refining process is so much fun.
#nh12 is going great! We will be presenting at 3 in the Washington Rm. Stop by and learn how to integrate digital media into classrooms!
BOTH our boys & Isaac Diaz made final round of Bartender Battle at #HardRockABQ! Will be Cosmo Tapas vs. Jazzbah next!
So is catcher for the #Nats the new drummer for Spinal Tap?
It drives me bonkers...LOL! I asked him, do I speak too slow...LOL!
Just fucked my day all up
Dont Wanna Hurt Nobody, Just Tryna Find That Pot Of Gold At The End Of The Rainbow.
oh my ! thank you love ! and hushh you are beautiful yourself ! <3
Why did you bump us from a CONFIRMED flight tomorrow AM to Saturday AM?!
Getting my hair cut tomorrow.. And relaxing
RT : New UN report shows maternal deaths halved over last 20 years. Deaths in childbirth still far too common.
I can't believe I just called a thermostat gorgeous.
to be joking that's crazy three weeks to get all that homework done :( By the way I did tell you that I can help you if U need
I wrote down the exact results of airplay for these tracks u did, we even have s strong presence in the mid east
Was going to buy a new set of sheets, but decided on a bottle of bleach instead.
Visiting a Past Master in the hospital. Good to see brothers watching out for each other... /G\
It amazes me how most guys will always end up downgrading when they had the best right in front of them
Just got back from San Francisco and got to see dear friends, Sacheen Littlefeather, Jim Baldocchi and Rebecca and Judy Ets-Hokin. Way hot!
Happy Halloween Freaks! Check out our video for "Creepy Love" live at Hot Topic! It's in our blog!
someone is bored here i'll help you with your boredom follow me
just took 5 days for me.
sorry :/ i unfollowed you cuz u told me you'll follow me if i get you 10 followers and i did then u followed me and unfollowed.
I miss you pretty much pal
keep Mogulmediatv updated on all future events #PinkKisses!!!
Stand by for incoming NLT Video.... while you're waiting, get caught up on the last few videos!
This made me laugh. ;D lmao
Gap Internet Marketing Consulting – 5 Powerful Benefits To Use ...
Thanks for the follow iSpeakYouListen™♥ (KUnlimited23)! :)
Round 1 of Torches music video shoot is about to happen... Yes!
- We're just launching this week, so it's not in any stores just yet. But we'll list new places to buy on the web site, FB, etc.
Thank you! I really am looking forward to my first "flight" :-)
Reef Commandment #1. NEVER anchor on a Reef. Use mooring balls and if you do anchor do so in the sand.
basics are a bore.
Sushi is what I need.
5 hr delay on - I'm not buying tickets from them again!
I miss him so much!
School starts in one week! We have a meeting today with all the teachers to finalize everything for next week. Who is excited? WE ARE!!!!!
If we could only have some rain to help put out the fires and stop encroachment on Bandelier and Los Alamos!
400 plus hits today. So incredibly thankful. No greater gift than to touch people with your talents.
