text me on your ipodd!
Just got back from two hours of dancing salsa, chacha, hustle & foxtrot
#Janeswalk – Next year in DC!
No more sex till marriage ! Or at least till I get in a bomb ass relationship
the entire world might have reached "her it age", the era in which it is okay to work in unison to make due.
no doubt about video sharing, just feel that is very different than video chatting. I think that image sharing is more dominant.
Or Asante Samuel? RT : adam, any chance the #FALCONS take a sniff at ?
Playing The Listening Room TONIGHT at 8 with the lovely and Brothers Osborne! Come on Nashville!!! :-)
Get a 99cent slice on M,T,W between 10-4! Get a med Speciality Pizza - $10 & try Sour cream/Chive wedge - $3.49 or Curly Fries - $2.89 M-S
ok balk is the wrong word but you did call her greedy. Shame on you.
i saw :o
You have my vote sir. And my axe. But mostly my vote.
go home old man. its past your old Oklahoma asses bedtime. you inverted Cougar (I meant perverted)
I think we know what it's about. RT : "Tartface Throwdown" needs to become a reality show. I don't even care what it's about.
Tomorrow is 4/20. A sad excuse for potheads to smoke weed. You're all gross in my book.
How do I add back Flickr to my list of Applications or Connected Services?
I JUST CURED 's BROKEN HEART!!!!!! <21 he should follow me for that ;))
Not enough time in the days anymore......
RIP KJ PECK!! <3 you where so strong for so longg, but now heavon has a new angel..
could u come up here?! That would be #amazing :)
Thanks! I think I will! I added that one just to remind me not to take the birthday too seriously.
I had so much fun in the parade at universal studios I got lots of beads and saw Big Time Rush :)
"Improv is like fine cheese, but not really."
no problem. We have to support the
Successful troll is successful. #TheGameOfClue loloool
Don't forget to get your tickets to the NM Bowl! www.newmexicobowl.com
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and $50.00 gift card!!
Dear everybody, today is Day of Silence. Let's make it quit as hell everywhere! Sincerely, me<3
Drink a Boost, take a nap. This seems counterproductive.
Photo Retoucher Available :)
We are looking for the right vc venture funding / private investment group to partner Technology SoCal CA SF LA OC NYC NY Chicago Boston MA
anticipating packers comeback
Best miniseries lead actress: Kate Winslet for Mildred Pierce
Shout out to my good friend Shahrokh who is going through a very difficult day today by anyone's standards.
Jill Vialet is telling us how recess can improve education.
Developing a constant prayer life has everything to do with enjoying the company you're with....spend quality time with Christ!
get me that woman's #!
hi there, thx for following. my goodness, how did you get so many followers. i'm new and tryg to figr it all out. :)
aight bro. get up with me we are hoopin alot at the crib
Some how its addictive tho i want more... I dont understand my minds playin tricks on me
I am so
all pussy isn't good pussy just remember that before you cheat on someone and hurt them.
We are approx 90 minutes from downtown Chicago and 45 minutes from Gurnee. A great alternative to ORD!
I heart you...I've been talking about this all week.
See someone could say that to me at work and unfortunately be completely accurate...
no, don't think so because I gave it a third try .. lol headache!! J DDDAAA A AA .. is when my headache starts
bye myspace. it was great knowing you.
it just sounds so silly: Two sistas in Whitehaven started a brouhaha over the last blond wig piece.
thank you!!
Im confused someone said yea and another person saying no
I still have an upside-down 999 to look forward to
i love broken spreadsheets. mostly because that's how i make em.
Longmeadow's David Woods and an outstanding Steering Committee are working hard to create a new Pioneer Valley leadership program.
Saw this too... RT : Eight white vans with blinking blue lights and tinted windows just rolled up Michigan Ave.
I heard you confused me as Cardenas once *_* Don't get it twisted boy!
Have a beautiful day & night, Friend! <3
I wish my stomach would settle.
bout t go get the girlie(: gonna have a good night.!
I'm on my iiiiiiissssshhhhhhhh
no kidding! That's going to be an interesting game! I'm torn. Got Bucks winning it all but wouldn't mind seeing UC win!
Thanks for sharing our report!
lmao! Much the opposite of you! Congrats!!!
Can't believe milkshake city retweeted me! It actually made my day that a cow retweeted me ;) oh gosh, the things that excite me :)
Got run for a bit...Later!!
I should have my book done by September 1. Yeah! Now how to celebrate...
Man, another show where Belling is "en Fuego!!"
Danish proverb~ Since we cannot get what we like let us like what we can get.
I'll be tweeting for #libjobshadowFL next Tuesday. Gosh, what should I wear?
Shocking and sad to no longer have Whitney Houston with us...prayers for her family
Cold pizza for breakfast and god only know where I'll go from here #LivingLean lol
you'll be here soon :) see you tonight!
I miss you so much! And I'm coming home this Thursday!!
awesome portrait project! Think about submit them to and let the world see Roanoke!
good seeing MiBella Gyn in the house. Good people. Good business.
Finally got the second Hunger Games book(:
Up next poet Lynne Thompson reading "In my summer as a Weimaraner," the September 2011 POTM calendar feature.
If a healthy minded person takes an interest in science, he gets busy with his mathematics and haunts the laboratory. ~W.S. Franklin
U make 1 mistake when u r 17 and they never forgive u
Guess that's why they always land on their feet.
...so i couldnt charge my phone lol!!! what r u doin?
Dr. Waters talking about two completed trials: duodopa and neupro #pairup4pd nyc
word me too. Watching a movie lol I need sumn to do
Spam in my DMs <<<
Text me, I don't have your number anymore.
Haha hell yea thats why our shit can't die we ain't got no Tony Yayo's
it's all good, were bringing singleswag to the cabin ;D
Pulled a 13 pill for the 10 car for qualifying. Hope the track is good at the beginning!
Did I go all week wearing jeans to school? I'm about to be so proud of myself. Surely I wore sweats one day...
I love ur tweets:)
it was way too fun
Ima Heat fan and I live in Chicago. So go suck one bitch!
Watching this election programme thing on BBC, and everything is so American. Why has this happened?! BBC you used to be so british :(
Lol lots of ppl tell me I remind them of ppl xD! Is that a good thing?
umm ok there's 2 ways you can answer that question...You're either a mom or you have a mom to celebrate the day lol.
Wonderful opening for Museums: pARTners in Education at today! These 3rd graders give me hope for the world. They are the future!
Refrain from telling me what to do,say,or feel
Congrats to Joseph , this year's winner of the Vogue/CFDA Fashion Fund Award!! Well deserved! CC:
LEts go CGFIA
are you and working this summer?
of course they ain't crazy.
I was just thinking the same thing
Detroit News had this to say about DARK SHADOWS: "How bad is "Dark Shadows"? It makes you long for a "Twilight" movie. That's bad."
hope you have a great trip Sis! Will miss ya! Just got back from #santabarbaraearthday and took skippy for a stroll! Love ya!! Xo
Welcome to our new followers!
Oh lord now she's moved on to singing "we are young"....help us all.
Yeah, is going to be a good reunion.
Inception wasn't that complicated. You're just not that smart.
garyveeinbigd at gmail.com - THANKS!
Next Show: Saturday, July 23rd at The Seven Venue with twenty | one | pilots!
#raw10 I thought Paris Hilton was done partying n was going 2 help kids. Arrested n Vegas sniffin coke n drunk. Help w/ my child, Yea Right!
S/O 2 #MNF sexy ass I herd everything was big n Texas!! UM!
Kowba: I still believe that a midyear cut in the range of $30m is a tipping point
is my greatest source of entertainment on Twitter!
#thursday #breach ☀
The quickest way to know a woman is to go shopping with her. -Marcelene Cox
I hate writing papers!
Time for church!!! Then the wrestling banquet. Then at home to play basketball and sleep!
When I hear people say there's nothing to do in Charlotte, I want to smack them and ask what the heck kind of freak stuff they're into.
We go that extra mile for all our customers, to ensure we excel in everything we do.. To find out more give me a call: 0844 880 2010
hi Ernie can u please take a few seconds and RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday it would mean a lot
What exactly does your service provide that is different from the rest?
They probably couldn't hear the words over the sound of my laughter. And the Sun Chips are my favorite part too!
Samsung expected to unveil Galaxy S I on May 3, Boy Genius says
So nice outside! Come on by a groove with us! Shearwater on the juke-a-box now.
merry Xmas
i make snowmen
Best week off ever. Great friends
Is anybody else getting up early to watch the Tony nominations?? Anybody? Nobody? Ok.
Hey, thanks for the RT. I feel the love!
i havent been on twitter for a day
Turkey :) you ?
wet chalk. wet streets.
I was confused
lemme hear some - "So Many Girls"
we are living together along with his mom!
i know... where do you think you get your amateur trolling skills from
I know, I'm so proud of him.<3
just some sort of boob wielding should work
Just have to get through dinner/cake/presents first. ;) But I'm SO tired!
let's go Bubba!!!
Guest kept dissing #msnbc & not answering the Qs, so she said, "you're in my house & you won't disrespect me". & shut him down.
Good! family and friends!
he's definitely better than that last nutsack we called our president
Thanks bebe!! Giving Buster some Hess love. “: mi casa!! Tequila and vodka on the fridge.”
Oh not directing :) just acting and producing hehe
my twitcon is wee[r]d 😁 eyy look at the r's [:
did your group still meet about edcamp last week? If so, any ideas?
what's goody
#Saturdaynightlive One Direction 💜
You made the right decision. RT : So tired need coffee or sleep. No time to sleep here I come
Thanks for the follow! Please check out and share our latest music video! ://tiny.cc/wy3dn
Ridiculous comedy own goal by SKC
Morality is doing what is right regardless of what you are told. Religion is doing what you are told regardless of what is right.
Obi eat a dick
nice to hear trav
Today’s African Proverb (5.16.12) The one who is too talkative leaves his mouth empty. (East Africa) Like Unlike
new Buster! The dummy is dead. Long live the dummy.
Just had confirmation woot
Any guesses? RT : What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
Is there anything better than sweaters with elbow patches?
I don't even know what that means RT sparhawk liquid urban tour?
tell me about it :(
Nothin like showing up at work 30 minutes early when you got 3 hours of sleep.. fml
Awesome, that sounds like you're doing something right for sure.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button
its 330 im up hoping for a tweet brotha !
Blazers are killin the Pacers. Oden is finally back and lookin pretty smooth for a Patrick Ewing look-a-like. I wanna c a birth certificate.
baby boy you stay on my mind, you fulfill my fantasies. i think about you all the time, i see you in my dreams.
Happy Chinese New Year wherever YOU are!!
yeah are you?!
some do it at 10 too.
Glad you like it! RT : Loving it so far! Looking forward to learning in this exciting new environment
sorry for ya...hum a song in your head
Can I have him!
You got it al wrong , im the pimp so go get my Money !
Looking fwd to checking out art project on Black male identity tomorrow. Right On Time!
#IfTheNBALockoutEndsTodayImGoingTo Boycott the NBA for having a lockout!
In Minneapolis where I'm from, and still shocked about the Tornado...So close to where I am... Driving through the city is crazy!
Mass Effect fans whine about ME3 endings,; as a result, Bioware will offer FREE extended endings. Fans still complain. Makes perfect sense.
SPEED BACK TO LA CHRIS, NEED THOSE VIDEOS. No, just kidding be safe. :')
ready to tackle morning crossfit kauai style with baby Faith
I will be back in New York on Friday to meet up with and another client . The $$$$$ is calling me ring ring
Netflix to Issue Earnings Report, First Since Consumer Backlash Over Its Spin-Off Plan
red beans and rice for lunch. Thinking about
REQUEST THE NEW CLUB SMASH *DRINK AWAY THE PAIN* FT ME AND *860*674*9307*
ha nice
it is awesome. I go at least once a month. Maybe I will see you out there in the near future.
If yu follow me i always follow back ! .
Crap! How did I forget about beer!! :) cdns love our beer!
Tomorrow, we wrap our first "location." Saturday we set-dress for our next "location." About a third done shooting. Unbelievable.
I think I remember seeing something up on Social Text about BSG
Agreed. RT : I think the 90 day vote count down on confirmations is a great idea.
both performances were awesome tonight, PP! Keep being you man!
Thanks - appreciate it! RT : More #FF love
Happy NewYear to you, Pam.
golden rule - never tell no matter how many years! just a mess!!!
I apologize to everyone who received bad emails from me. I was hacked. The problem seems under control now.
If you’re participating in the Let’s Move! flash dance, check out our resource toolkit and instructional video: nabef.org/letsmove
just keep posting in Spanish. Bilingual = sounding smart. Possibly even being smart.
Just consumed the juice of two lemons.
*raises hand*
‎[Campus Bulletin] Ignore the armed robberies & dead bodies around campus. Instead, focus on how green our new buildings are going to be!
Ur girl is in the studio & i aint leaving until i finish something!
U live till u die ...... KeyWord: LIVE
Very cold tonight into tomorrow - wind chill values staying around or below zero! I'll have details coming up on 10TV News at 6!
Now you talkin', brother!
first time here,
Really? No timeout there?
can we get a sneak peek?!?!
#nowplaying. #sxsw Felice Bros! Vaccines, Off!, Smith Westerns b4 , headin back 4 Kills n Tv on Radio. AgesandAges best 2day so far
we have to take it 1 step at a time with this TV production so for now the 1st step would be getting you a audition for work
Maybe it's just me, but I don't trust comparison charts provided by one of those being compared.
Extra innings in Japan! Already pulled the all-nighter... why not keep it going? #mariners #a's
OMG RT : TOM THIS IS THE MOMENT
I am too young to be serious and too old to act childish. Such a dilemma!
says war sucks when you loose someone fabulous..
Sure. Let me chat here a bit.
I've spent 60 dollars today :I
Overheard someone today attempt to troubleshoot a "scanner not found" error with "try scanning a different piece of paper"
Barnett has been on the show at least three times. I heard they are talking to Marquardt too but hes being difficult.
who kissed me?
Global Media Monitoring Project 24% of the people interviewed, heard, seen, or read about in mainstream broadcast & print news were female.
It's snowing!!!
did u get it?
Aww thanks hun! Yes I'm fine, just crazy with school & stuff. Graduation is just around the corner so getting ready to be old lol
sounds like you had a lot of fun. Glad it was only 20 mins to kill. Thanks to you and corey for all you do!
Feeling guilty, I have not indexed in a few days...
Doing well - enjoying my new role! How about yourself? :)
20 pages tonight and 20 pages in the morning.
Thinking about I so heart this man! 
Lets change the last word in a movie or show to penis. lets see how many funny ones we can get..."Dude where's my penis"
Boobs are proof that men can focus on 2 things at once
my burfday is on saturday can u give me a shout out :) !!!!
Had a minor heart attack when I reached into my pocket and my wallet wasn't there. Then I remembered it was in a different pocket.
When they say, "You never forget your first love," they mean it.</3
Mental illness.
it's going to rain tonight… at least it is here in the the American Midwest… and we're done with it...
a really sad new club
It's a lovely day for an ice cold pint! I'll be working at downtown today from 3-9! Come visit!!
The new #Fiat commercial is awesome! #Charliesheen played it so well! Makes me want to buy an #Abarth!
and sing in the amphitheater?
RIP Patrice O'Neal
If only the Andrews Sisters were around to give a Labor Day boost.
Who wins the Notre Dame - Xavier game? The Pope.
Nice work !
I can certainly do that, just let me know when!
#superdad at it again....come home cook dinner, homework, & now showertime.
Best show.
thanks! Yes yes, bring friends!
hey!! Of course I did! Lol
A computer program will always do what you tell it to, and seldom what you want it to.
mine too! #canwegetsomedrivers?
Thanks for following.
Another "Sweepstakes" place going up. I don't understand why we are fighting over gay marriage, but say it is okay to gamble.
Loving this incense.
#car2go is at Liberty Station today by Luna Grill & Postal Annex til 3pm. Come register for FREE & win up to 60 FREE driving mins!
Watching #bigbangtheory . Super funny.
It's a picture perfect evening and i'm staring down the sun.
Remember that article about someone kidnapping ted thompson after the 2009 draft? hehe, I'm loving this.
RT if you're Team God and you're going to church.
that's totally fine with me haha
The Food Channel is basically just porn for your stomach
I keep an EMERGENCY book in my car just in case. P.G. Wodehouse if all other reading fails me!
what's up
that one girl backstage interviewing people at The Voice looks a lot like Angelica Dipippa!
I just heard a hummingbird snoring cute
I have mini heart attacks when I can't find things asdfghjkl
I wanna see the Avengers because of the director alone
lol that's just hilarious Diaz
Blink...blink...allergy meds got me wide awake!
presented Intelen Social Game mechs and advanced data analytics on the Social #smartgrid to #OECD eco-innovation event in Copenhagen Denmark
What? One of them is black.
softball game tonight is going to be a great way to cap the weekend
that makes sense and I still don't see him hoing
she was still alive except her body was in pieces my dad had to hold her together it's a good thing she was drunk cause....
My life is perfect without you in it...
also read the walter kirn book -- wanted more from it but liked the big ideas. now...how to get walter kirn to read my book...
i want to go to the panthers game against bruins next month so bad!!
Out of wet food = CATastrophe
I'm just gonna say "Hey Mister Dyrdek, remember that one time you met me?" and hope that he responds <3
Dear baby Jesus, please keep me and my coworkers safe on the roads today.
allows scholars to represent (fuzzy) dates, places, and topics for texts in a super elegant fashion
Thank you! It was created by , our amazing motion graphics designer!
Wah I don't wanna be sick :( I have to work 7hours today too :(
nope....but ok :) oh, umm....did yhuu see at what time were they on sale??
you still here in the labs?
Completely agree, TE of the future.
my boyfriend laughed at me when Allie remembers Noah because I started to cry.
I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this..
Alison Hart has a good trilogy out you might want to take a look at. It's the Gabriel series. First book is "Gabriel's Horses"
enjoying this beautiful spring! I bet you are too!
"He's so slutty he made my herpes tingle just walking past me." -overheard at a party it might've been me that said it.
“: West Coast, you’re only 24 hours away from #Smash!” Omg love.
I'm just on my shit!
RT : RT "Life is to short that's y I live it to the fullest ."
..watch the Mavs on TV and follow the Rangers on the rangersfanzone.com - we have a scoreboard and game tracker
"Humility is a virtue;Timidity is an Illness"-- Jim Rohn, Time to raise your voice and be Heard* I vote for America! Land of Opportunity**
Been a while since I've been on twitter on the computer... Thanks to everyone for bumping me over 200! (at 221 presently)
A protective boyfriend. >>>
Happy Mother's Day to all the MILFS out there. ***snickers***Moms I Like to Fuck Day.
aramis rameirez...your my bentancourt this year...u suck
Finally, the Clinton ad wasn't out of bounds in my opinion. But what was the Obama campaign supposed to say? "She's right"?
Chris Taylor is the new representative for the 48th Assembly District, winning with 31 percent of the vote.
I may have gotten my first pay check as an artist. Stub says "visiting artist"
Short, consistent writing sessions can give you small mastery experiences that lead to accomplishment of those big, scary goals.
And ya, we do - serves a "purpose". And back to Rothbard . . .
Inkscape is a fun app. Wish I would have messed around with it sooner.
I'm watching a Madonna's interview witch she says; Lady Gaga copied me.You?
Sleep deprivation is a heckuva drug.
"All men have something to hide. The brighter the picture, the darker the negative." - From Batman the Animated Series.
Whoops. I forgot granola is caffeinated and over snacked.
joejonas Check out my buddy on #FoodRevolution on ABC tonight at 8pm!!
I slept on my hair lastnight.
Okay ;D
J. Brickman from LIU...great model for small small pg's-take care of it, defend, get your squad into a set, make ft's
Worst played softball game I have ever been a part of.
feeling good feelings
RT- I think you're fuckin' hilarious - Let me guess your white?
what did i miss?? moroccan scrambled eggs??
Is there anything more wonderfully perverse than O-Shen? Hawaiian Reggae Hip-Hop. It's like a one-man mash-up.
Devin Smith with the TD catch. No worries about him turning into Bam Childress. Because, you know, he already has done stuff in real games.
you're late...
what you watching?
If Derrick got a new car, I'm cussing him out.
very interesting article. I wish tasha would share this with everyone...
Horse-racing industry still reeling from shock of losing Slots at Racetracks program
The retirement calculator says I will be 143 when I have enough money to retire, and I actually contribute a large portion of my income
LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later
Please follow me(; 6
you can miscount all the beers you drank, back where i come from
guess what?!(:
good to see you too Brian. Good luck at Allstar!
Ah, the bright side - read hour's worth of Ulysses earlier & now started on The Magicians. Plus laundry. Yea!
WHAT?! I didn't know that. It's almost like is finally a REAL boy!!
Could do without Manny Parra in my life
Woah is a Yankee now?
MAY I BE FRANK TRAILER (EXTENDED VERSION): via
nothing much just wakeing up gunna maybe go to the gym today
You have always been sexy, regardless of the suit. You're intimidating!
oh lol where do you live?
Intense game tonight!! Lets destroy the Coyotes and make them shiver in their boots...or skates, shall I say.
woo hoo ... look at you, you writer, you.
I need a girlfriend like neve Campbell;)
S/0 to Clevelands newest and most upcoming
Damn you work.. Ruining all my days
What a huge win for our team - Myles was a beast and we had a ton of players step up! A total TEAM win! Saturday vs. Harding!
Boy... There are the People... Coming into Milwaukee.. for this Brewers Game today
Getting pumped for tomorrow's panel w/ !
MT : Hey nerds,... the podcast on the history of radio in new york is especially worth your time
Up up away
Thanks for the Twins & Down Syndrome tweet! I have twin daughters one w/ #DS and joined the yahoo group. Helpful resources!
yeah, that's my best interpretation.
Hehe thank you! :) & I miss it as well & we definitely should and good to hear! I'm fine, thank you xo
Why did I sit through 'Green Lantern'?
Go home.
haha that's more of something for you not me lol
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." (Vincent Van Gogh)
Haha! I thought 16 was when the not sleeping at night started back up again
Man I remember warm nights watch little rascals as a kid
oh hell yes. Death Hospital!
The (new) mother's lament: Rebecca Asher interview: Clever, self-deprecating, straight-talking, Blunt is rarest ..
If you are wanting to create a job for yourself, consider writing a proposal. Employers love them
I'm starting the year off right no time for games this year!
We're outraged by the Trayvon Martin murder, but what about the young black children killed by other blacks every day? Asst Sheriff McCurdy
RT : I think maybe I'll try to get my next meet-and-greet sponsored by Purell.
I got a parrot for a pet!
"Keep in mind that I am artist and I am sensitive about by sh*t." Erykah Badu
Watching people's choice awards yay Ellen
Osweiler -No significance to wearing #6, never been a single digit before. Didn't realize it was Curler's number until after I took it.
at the NINES Editorial board meeting at UVA, about to start.
And to think, some said I'd never accomplish anything in my life.
at least in heaven I can skate
I love that you just used milquetoast
Hate when I'm lookin out the window and people think I'm lookin at them
Wow RT : "Watch who you invest your time in, some of the people your heart would die for, have plans on killing your spirit"
SUNY plan will include a focus on increasing solar energy.
your the one who said that you didn't want to talk because I'm with my friends ?!
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
yeah, got it back yesterday
#RNS, I GRADUATED FROM SCHOOL AND WENT TO COLLEGE BUT DIDN'T HAVE A DESTINATION IN MIND. I DIDN'T KNOW WTF I WANTED 2 DO AFTER HIGH SCHOOL
Aw yay! It was total luck I won. It was the first day at 7:30 am and the contest had been going on about 40 mins
Im not in henry county right now, ima be over there in a couple hours.
Here's to the Mahomies who knows why Skittles isn't just a candy<3
We've got tickets for the first 5 ppl that mention they saw this tweet!!!
Need to get a session going.
hey helpful folks. I have an Xmas tree that needs to be disposed of. How's the best way in #Seattle?
SoHo on lunch break...is there any better pizza on earth? Think not!
OMFG YES! I'd be like "We are gathered here today to bring together cindy and bull balls bobo in holy matrimony" OMFG.
Window A/C units at the office. It's a beautiful thing.
"So if you broke dog/ don't blame the economy/don't come with a hand out/ don't try to E.Honda me."
You all alone in these streets, cousin. RT : Rock u in ur face stab your brain with ur nosebone
Another fitness photoshoot coming up this weekend. Updates coming.... it's going to be a great time.
Maybe it is because the owns the Coyotes
I live in Florida, it's hot and I have a backyard with a pool... TIME TO GET A NEW GRILL!!!!
I teach a large lecture intro to comm theory course and am considering replacing the text with Wikipedia. Thoughts???
It's gonna be a long, long road from here until the 1st Tuesday in November. Buckle, up. Hope school is going well for you!
i missh you!
Hey so what is everyone up to?
When youre in a good mood all day then someone has to have an attitude and ruin it.
I was going to go to nature and commodities, but historians and climate change won me over!
My mood can go from loving life to ready to set someone on fire in .5 seconds
Really good showcase at The Actors Company tonight. Fantastic space. Great agent lineup. Not just some fly-by-night thing with newbs.
Fleury went to make the kick save and kicked right into Briere. Briere did not interfere with Fleury though.
On the way to SETC??? If so, good luck!!!
Really cool idea! I gotta play sometime :)
Due* your* RT “: When people recognize you in public do to you're success on the field >>>>”
whoa, what the what? o_O
The 76ers doe ..
El Tiburon is keeping me awake. No pares, SIGUE, SIGUE. CHOCOLATE!
Car in shop 'til 12/26, boo. Driving around in a better car 'til then, YAY!
There's a playground by the office where you can hear kids playing. It's raining today so they're not out. I miss the happy sounds.
Just wrapped my directorial debut. Love my amazing actors Apolla and Nick!
Okay I sure will!!
lol trickle treating
Good morning twitter boos! Be blessed n not stress
Very sweet RT "tQuery – an extension system for people to write plugins on top of three.js via "
Email me :D
lol wow. you demanding like that then i dont think i need to do it then
recently i was at mars start up event and it was 1/2 men 1/2 women. pretty fabulous.
Just ate , Las Vegas... waiting 2 c MI4
Thanks for the RTs!
I all ready called mine(:
Let me be another to add my congratulations on a great article. and thanks to TB12 and the rest of the Pats for this season.
Cuse. In. The. House.
Buried in work! I will emerge next week, LOL
Lol, that must be the beverages talking, idc, after President Obama serves his next 4 years, judge Judy needs to run. She'd have my vote
M. Curried goat. I fucking love Jamaican food.
Moving, finals, ending "relationship," ms walk, work and everything else I've been dealing with is finally catching up with me.
Tried leaving a comment on yr blog, don't know if it worked. Suggest mentioning TinEye (reverse img search) in Ebay feedback.
It was. I think it might have been a dream, which is also how many of the videos ended.
Tag team against Big Bird? Im down
Amy Winehouse is now in the Club of musicians who died at 27: Jim Morrisson, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Brian Jones, and Kurt Cobain.
in the studio
On instagram you looked cute, but today I saw you....lol.
has probably the best dietary habits ive ever seen ;*
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
I can take Arcade Fire a little more seriously without the BMX bikes riding around while they perform.
In my experience more Marijuanna arrests appear in court as required as opposed to DWI 's who Fail To Appear. #KC #POLICE Agent Potter RT
Everything is going great for me...can't complain with the beautiful state im in.......Florida!!!!!
M83 has great music.
Kind of slow out here today. Glad I could contribute to that.
Come join Alice Radio's Slacker & Steve to watch some B-Ball tomorrow night at Tavern Lowry for Brews 'n Brackets! From 5-7:00 PM on...
Good Night All! God Bless u all!
shocker. going negative on MKE. Again. Be a man - publish the email exchange and questions that promped the response.
okay. As long as I can sit by too!
The are playing like a well oiled machine. Love the team effort!
nothing just on skype
: We need to figure out the connective tissue necessary to link engagement and rigor
I have been told that Jesus can hear all of our prayers & thoughts, especially if we ask him to help us with our problems.
Is it true you are doing an underwear commercial for #SuperBowl? please say yes..
That's easy! StarNews is Steve Castaneda's fan club! Never bad articles about his team
what are you guys doing anyway?
Tired aint the word right now, I'm beyond all that. I'm running on afew hrs of sleep. Its all good though.
I wonder if rees tried to play the do you know who i am card. Not the way i wanted the qb settled hope the rest of the team learns from ths
To all the wonderful mothers out there happy mothers day and mine more to come
Good morning from Ft. Worth.. Rain and overcast but it's Friday so we have that working in our favor. Yesterday is gone so live for today.
two more finals tomorrow then i am done for a few weeks, THANK GOD!! Ready for this break
yeah right we played 3 times we won both at our home. And that game was bull shit. You guys had the refs every shove was a foul
When you see a deer you think Bambi, I see antlers up on the wall.
hey are you still online? :)
Dear twitter people I love you text me if you wish
#TwSIG Twitter is about being engaged. Need to be present. Real time questions. Find a way to structure responsiveness. Be personable.
great, so you'll have that annoying laugh again!
Thanks for the RT!
Awww thanks! You rock. : - )
can't wait to see the next season of Teen Wolf, I got so excited to see and the rest of the cast @ the VMAs last night.
Nuggets cant get content with this lead. Lakers can and will come back. Gotta play hard all the time
I'll try but it's hard.. I've lost contact with most :/
Annoyed @ NYT for calling it "taunting." Tackling someone and cutting their hair while they scream for help? That's assault.
Back by popular demand..45 min. Core and Ab only Wed. 7:00-7:45p.m. Crank up the music and crank up the core! Check us out.
Coffee round 2 has been ineffective at either keeping me warm, or waking me up... should be a fun dress reh.
SexTips "Great lovers don't memorize complicated techniques. They master the simple things that give women pleasure." - Lou Paget
Rick Santorum is descended from a race of cheeto-flavored telepathic aliens who commiserate often when poked.
#CoolThings u wont find in your house no more a house phone and VCR
we live 9hrs at, me IL, him KY. Going to see him Sunday then him spending a couple weeks with me. <3.
RT": Time to photoshop my life. Touch up the edges, adjust the tones. Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out."
#norespect for those that do what they are ashamed of
correction *******Going to love it lmfao
The sadness will never end
Mac-n-cheese + deep fryer = delicious. #chipshop on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn.
Going to the mall with
ok so your bro got ya sympathy this morning!Had mine done when I was like 7! And your hot to boot! Oops inside voice.
I really just don't care youre too full of yourself for me anyways
haha yeah they are, like you! :)
why did I even f*** wit her.
I have one that lives in my closet :P
Our twitter account has been compromised. We are working with Twitter to resolve. Please do not click on any links that appear to be spam.
You will love it! I may try it with pumpkin oil next time in your honor!
I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!?
I just pulled a rookie move with my phone ...cleaning up space i deleted my entire phone list
Rt of bulls going in
WTF there was a earthquake like 2 minutes ago?!
#momquotes - "so if, ____, ____, ____, and ___ jumped off a bridge you would too?"
Thanks to everyone for getting their dues in today. To the 7 of you that didn't, we are coming for you.
Jusst seen the worst thing I culd ever see
he wouldn't listen to him anyways
I over think EVERYTHING.
i wish i could surf...but then again knowing my luck, a shark would eat me...
"The Heat Is On" > The Miami Heat.
it seems and are working well together up front.
morning. Coffee is brewing.
New York bound!
at McDonald's, gonna get Some breakfast :)
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "It's the 4th Quarter, we still have time to WIN the Game of Life for the year"
I have to drink more water...
why not -_- I was invited lol
. trend 6- blurring of organizational roles. Lots of folks with lots of titles dealing with archives.
Let's all pray and make #RyanKennedy 's wish come true
Wayne Blackshear is rated the #1 SG by ESPN for the 2013 NBA Draft
Welcome everyone to this month’s #DesignBizChat. Topic today is Collaboration – Creating Opportunities for Your Biz
I fux with the weather tonight
It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up with the #Spurs who need a backup PG with the T.J. Ford retirement.
#Connecticut Gov Malloy signed a bill into law abolishing the death penalty, making it the 17th in the nation to abandon capital punishment.
Or maybe a cool speaking engagement
I hate seeing a really cute guy but being too scared to go up & talk to him . -_-
I'm going for a 50's movie star look. Confident, good looking, and talented.
I hate running on a track, because it's just running in circles, and getting yourself no where, and I'm like....FUCK BALLS.
The man himself,, same to you Baron!! RT : happy thanksgiving brotha!
ITS GAMEDAY!!! hosts FIU at 630pm at John Sessions Stadim! Happy Birthday to Head Coach Terry Alexander!
Happy Thanksgiving! We are so thankful for our BBA community and supporters. Thankful for people like YOU!
Now following!!!! FB
that's pretty cool.
I can't understand why you can't sleep, you're 20, menopause won't hit you for another 30 years! And holy shit I'm old!
Something nice to hear from one's developer. "I’m good with this if it helps #usability."
Can't wait for #Twins baseball @
Columbus Ohio!
We'll be open today between 12 noon and 5pm! That snow's melting fast!
#FengShui Tip: To move energy in any space add Lighting! Light up those dark corners, open those windows and feel your room come alive!
Bed, how I've missed you so.
Happy with my life right now!!!Gotta ae a couple changes tho than I be more happier!!!
*throws up* lol one thing about it though, when I had it it only needed regular oil. Now it needs high mileage oil
They are also yhe songs that I have to dance to... If only a little bit when i hear them played in public
I like your optimism that hubby would hand over the keys and let me drive!
is good [:
why is Happy birthday demi trending? WE JUST HAD A FREAKIN' EARTHQUAKE.
Still two more dates of open casting calls for Magnus Rex in Pittsburgh! Check out for the details.
FBI is concluding investigation and there is no continuing threat. Updated statement: bit.ly/yBkrEl
It's a The Soul Hole kinda of Monday. Stuff a little heart in your soul & enjoy some $2 Schlitz tallboys while doing so...
"Those who dance are thought to be crazy by those who don�t hear the music"
No homo but wipe the blood from dudes chest. Dam
Oh yes. I love pretty books. I love them even more when the intellectual content is pretty too!
He also says, my skirt is too short. I informed him, there is no skirt. I think I broke his matrix.
♥ this! thinking of you while i prepare to make our first house a home :) you made your seminary housing so homey!
Approved! Looking forward to it.
hum good to know!
Thanks for all the awesome tweets about #boots 2suits! We are so proud of this program ,,
where did you get that caramel macchiato? i want one now. LOL
no. Stop. Are you like pumpedd right now?!
Drew Brees def deserved best male athlete...he drove a decent Saints team to a superbowl win
'Why has the violence against women turned into this?'
What the hell is "sleep"? Pft.
If I dont talk to you today I make it a promise to myself not to talk to you when you decide to write back
it's ridiculous why didn't Jones catch it or tip it over or punch it anything other than pat it down in front of a striker?
not to mention serving underage folks & general frat boy atmo
Pinch Me! The Event returns. And there will be 2 Matron sightings. :-) I'm a lucky lady.
So yall need to stop hatin on TRUE fans who just riding for they team
Me & are Nathan's BMX tricksters. GET OUT OF OUR WAY BITCHES
I feel like im away from the people who care about me the most.
Anyone on medicines, especially blood thinners, should consult a physician before taking Resveratrol.
I'm just eating pancakes and drinking milk and enjoying the stars in the sky, though. Don't mind me.
I love waking up to surprises. A cock is not one of them.
...those bugle boy jeans you wearin'?
thinking about band gig tonight ... new set list ... new keyboard player ... hm!
have not been on twitter in a while. ha
What a mayor, rescued a woman trapped in a burning house
Thank you so much!
this has 2 b the best day ever
Will Canaan off to I believe he gotta do that Navy Stuff but that's it but what y'all suppose to be doing
Dumplings and fried rice! Also bread and peace tea.
Yes. So sorry green bay fans. Ha-Ha!
Are you doing a Mix 'n' Mash board? The deadline is this Friday and we can't wait to see what you have come up with!
Hmm, Chase Crawford has nice eyebrows. I mean he's nice to look at in general but I noticed his eyebrows in his interview on the Today Show.
9. Suggest the book 2 your reading group. Invite author to speak.
if you happen to get an answer to this question, please share the information! :)
if i have a regular site with wix can i simply connect the mobile url to a site i would create on your platform?
Idk anymore .. tired of not beingg true to me & who i am ..
CANT WAIT FOR ARIANAS ALBUM!!!! <33
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney creates a job just like George Zimmerman protects a neighborhood. Deal with it.
It was a hate crime she put the smash on my steak fries
Almost done with MBA admissions for Fall 2011; we sent another batch of decision letters out yesterday. One final set will go in two weeks.
CocoRosie, your thoughts?
yeah! I should be at 51 points!
Ha I'd rather do either than do push ups!
Sadly, no. They were filming the actors inside the arena while the electronic dino display was here. No stardom for me :D
Hi. I am a fan of the paranormal genre. I checked out your website. Is Emilys House good?
Finally got my new Droid incredible 2, not bad for a penny.
Thanks for the retweet Joe. Hope you're well.
Alex will be performing at the Theater for the New City (NYC) at the end of August 2011... More details to come soon...
oh Darius Rucker! I love his voice!
Would you rather be right or happy?
I find a black guy in a hoodie far less scary then a white guy in a turtle neck.
#3WordsOfAdvice Take A Hit
"I don't pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages." (Robert Bosch)
I am trembling in my knock off Nike trainers ;)
Extended: Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 9:00PM for Fairfield, Franklin and Licking Counties.
No you didn't! I better get back to work! #mediaho adventures
Wasup Lisa? How was ur Show? Hope it was a Success...
hahaha ur funny......its okay if u hacked them we all still love u!:)))<3
Woke up wit a headache. Not a good sign for my day!!!
#auction houses, #antiques shows how would you like to reach out to every major dealer in the country? Get in touch, we can help.
If I'm following you and your real down to earth and humble I will continue to! Don't think your body is the key to followers! #RespectIs#
i wasn't getting mad i just said that i didn't notice my caps
I'm participating in the SOME Candidates Forum. Stay tuned for video and photos.
And i always ride slow when im straddle-iin
Transcribing is hardly a joy, but was never less painful than my lengthy talk with CABIN visual FX designer David Anderson. Very excited.
is St. Anthony's no longer a Reebok school?
It's also cool when you look over and see someone who loves movies as much as you. we can recognize each others looks of anticipation
His son...": Is the Packers' Clay Matthews any relation to the Browns' Clay Matthews of yore? If so, I'm feeling old"
Stay in your lane!! Let the lawyers comment on legal matters!!! Professionals comment on areas in which they have expertise!!
Congratulations to our Tutor of the Month, Baron H!
I thought the same thing, but apparently Fox has other plans.
good to share in the wealth
I know, I did think it was really overcast until I smelled the smoke, keeping kids & dogs in ;-0, I just saw a hazard warning.
Mia Joy Candles loves Wendy Williams! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle I sent you.
My sinuses and I are locked in a week-long battle---I think I'm winning; my eyes have stopped crying.
#art it is very easy to create your own world, just fall asleep
thank you for inspiring me to work on my novel "The Trouble With Harry Goodman" I'm dedicating this novel to you!
and has the chief of police and sheriff been notified there may be a decision?
STD= Stop The Drama. Thanks Jersey Shore.
If you're on the subway wearing a surgical mask, you shouldn't be on the subway at all. I'm paranoid as hell now after seeing Contagion
Checking in at 9000 feet. Ah-h-h-h...
*Life iS A GaMble Betta CheCk Ya PoiNt SpRead*
i am i am !! thaankss for visiting me today (:
Congratulations! See you tomorrow! RT : I just won a seat at a beer tasting with ! BEER!
Nah Im excused til tuesday/wednesday
Nice work team using Twitter to promote #FillTheBowl Awesome job! Faceoff Sat. at 7p.m. Tix $1! Support these
Now that is cool.
yes(: well I gotta go study for my math test tomorrow, tweet me sometime! night!
~yea for you, & being on tour together. Can't say the same for
WOO! Valencia. Unbelievable strike and bend from the outskirts of the box. 1-0. As it should be.
that's always wonderful. I'm here making Dreams a reality on set :)
Jersey Shore Bitchess!
suspicious package...bomb squad was on the scene
My dude.. 'Beautiful Death'.. was hella nice. You have any projects to check out!?
“ Most interesting will be Griffin's backup for 2012 Suggestions? Buy a vet? Bring back Rex? Keep Beck? Punch self in nuts?
lemme take a look at what's going on that weekend. I'll let you know what I've found out that day. Regardless, a day out's fine.
jus finished signing up 4 my fall classes. 5 classes yikes!!! 0_o
Only 5 min into "Happy Holidays in Pittsburgh" & I'm already tearing up. Gosh i love this city!!
are you in Mississippi yet?
I SHOULDN'T BE AWAKE .
If a plan requires pre authorization for any treatment Who makes your healthcare decisions? The Doc or Health Ins Co? www.theprofittrap.com
West Allis - police officer shot in leg. Second officer also injured
o yes I can't wait
this happens to me all the time with clothes. I can only imagine a whole room... gah.
spokesperson for amazon!
They are actually debating "discrimination in employment, housing and finance should be extended to gays, lesbians and bisexuals" here! WTF!
Didn't realize Derek Fisher got traded to Thunder: "The Lakers finally found a way to slow down OKC's fast break."
He a grown man.. if that fool wanna act an ass on the court let him shit lol!!
Once I find a bank that has a branch near my office and my house I am doing it. I have had enough with Bank of America's "service"
But where's ?
you got it my g...keep making that heat $alute.
lmfao woah woah woah . Your on your own with that ! ill throw some ones for you tho !
First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey
Call our main office at (408) 922-9431 to discuss our support in doing this-sounds like a great cause!
happy birthday to my bestfriend !!!!!!!! come home now!!!
the theme is rock & roll so I made a shirt and I'm using a tutu and I bought a bandana and spray painted it gold.
Did you check out the Bucket today? theentertainmentbucket.com
i just blacked out and hit my head on the computer desk ouch!!!
be there in a few:-)
Nice meeting you at that club in amsterdam!
In the case of a zombie Apocolpyse, I think the first people to die will be the foodies.
of course; they are well-resourced, more mobile, and they have more testosterone(sex drive) than women.
I'm not worried about anyone else, or thier fucking opinions.
Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
It just took 43 dollars to fill my tank up. Omg. Gas prices, Y U SO HIGH?!
your idea of going to LA isn't a bad idea.. Beaches, sun.. Can't go wrong there.
could be a deep-seated, "traditional" je ne sais quoi that people will nonetheless treat as axiomatic...
RT! ": My favorite bands, Coldplay, Fun, Foster The People, Neon Trees, And We The Kings C:"
Really don't feel like going to work today but I have to because I already gota miss Wednesday and Thursday!! This 💩 sucks!!👎👎
I feel like I look like a different person....
What 2 do?
I veto that last pin!!!
good morning. remember, don't just follow your dreams, chase them down!
I've been told the same goes for the Counting Crows.
Are the Carmel, IN community ready for our opening?! Continue to follow and fan EWC Carmel on FB for more info!
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it until the morning.
Truth: should come chill in Rochester. (:
Gorgeous sunrise for a jog..
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today! Gonna see Alan Jackson tonight!
not with his wife. I have the proof! He answered all my questions.A good man he is.
u were a pity fuck.
Nice to catch up with and last night post-event
are you picking the winners for the #lumia #900 tomorrow?
let's all have a shot of bourbon to celebrate the land of my birth
you were with the wrong guy.
goes without saying! ;)
Gordon Beckham is a hoss. That ball was smashed oppo
Hello there my friend Sumey how are you?
Ha! Great stuff B!
video shoot today at Athletic Republic Denver ! Stop in and we may use you as talent for the shoot!
my pleasure(:
everyone please follow my z-swaggin' dear sister > she is very talented, sweet, positive, & tries her best to tweet everyone
You there for the game?!
goodnight. up at 9 to get my hair donee :)
Our greatest leader is ourselves. We lead ourselves everywhere we go.
Are you sure! Courtney Cannon has a sweet ring. "COurtney Cannon and Ron Jeremy starring in...".
Buffet rule would only bring in peanuts. Debt reduction requires more painful tax hikes and cuts.
Jealousy kills yo... Ugh!
Dope!! Gave it a LIKE
One tends to get looked at cross when one excitedly screams out the word "zygote".
Went to drop off the flatscreen hope its good news
well I'm going out on a limb but last enjoyable game for me was Metal Gear 4, new gen games suck esp Xbox exclusives
Yesterday I did a green roof and living wall lunch presentation for the 7 Oaks Gardening Club. What a great way to add to my excitement
I like your tweets and messages. Please follow me back.
Dreams are for everyone, you just have to believe it <3
JUST WANTED TO SAY I LOVE YOUR HAIR ;) lol
#mubb beat your precious Bo. I know it is your job to try to protect everything about him, but you fail miserably
“It doesn’t really matter where you start out in life, it’s where you end up.” Dion C. Jordan
Until you understand the nature and pervasiveness of corruption in our government, I don't think you can really talk about politics today.
I admit I have a PhD in Animeology! Gilly is a
Drive slow, homie
I hate when people say Austin can't sing. He has feelings too, yakno? It hurts. It really does. Why can't everyone just support everyone?
How's everyone doing tonight?
RT : One of our managers is walking around in pick furry slippers. Another librarian chants, "Yay! Yay! Yay! Pink slippers!"...
lol thanks quanie...and I know you'll be watching :)
when people try and sext me I just reply "oh fuck yeah" al the time
At an assignment at a school in Hampden. My iPhone keeps picking up WiFi called "Rum Ham."
Moving out, Fuck!
Ancient Egyptians would remove the brain but save the heart during the mummification process! Learn more @ The Children's Museum of Indy.
It's so crazy how these amazing opportunities just come by when we least expect it... tomorrow is going to be an amazing day!!!!! :)
Fuck its gonna be a Long day
Me n' Steve gonna take the mountain bikes out for a spin hells yea
OMG DIV TOMO AFTER SCHOOL! ? OMG I JUST DID
That was quick: Google pulls “Official” Siri for Android app
Pah-lease. You both definitely read Gawker and that's not too far off :)
thanks for the mention! We will continue to provide content that you find of interest.
I will be moderating a discussion about the unicorn zombie demographic and how to serve it at #codcon12. Should be... lively?
Within 10 miles of Downtown Portland, Oregon Convevntion Center, Portland International Airport, and the Portland Rose Quarter.
“ make sure u also follow my magazine
was so emotional to see your show in The Stage. You voice, your new songs,all your performance just sounded AMAZING. Love U
It's so beautiful outside...FINALLY! I am daydreaming about sitting on 's patio with a Green Apple Mojito.... Ah.
Thanks for the RT. Happy Awareness Month!
It's Here!! The Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, booths 422/424l. Discounts on ALL floor displays. Need something custom made? We can help!
My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
follow me! :)
Didn't wanna eat dinner with the family. Solution: Walk to Taco Bell
looks like you like :)
KEEP PORTLAND WEIRD!!!!!!!!!
Door 64 Happy Hour is on Thursday, Sept 22 @ Six Lounge. See you there!
I wonder if Facebook misses me?
Hey sorry you're sick. This is why you don't pack away your juicy sweatsuits before winter's really over.
Relocation for the slow dumb and those who'll never get it
Just found a country version of We Love Like Vampires. That's rad.
you can get it free at your bank
Tony Perry: Sgt. Stein's remarks were "relatively tepid," given today's political climate.
It would only piss off Met fans even more though, wouldn't you say?
Her name is BRANDY if u didn't kno. Also get u a copy of #PutItDownOniTunes may8th get into it.
Goodnight, all!
AH! little baby ladybug walking on my boot! So precious...until she sprays poison.
Overheard: "I forgot latte was spelled with 2 t's. It's late."
That sounds like something a Japanese person would say to me.
If you're planning on joining us for Thanksgiving this year, please call ahead for reservations at 305.673.1312.
This world that we live in.
Too soon to listen to holiday music, unless of course you're mid-holiday campaign & need to hear jingle bells ;)
Thanks for the RT!!!
Sad but true.
always and forever.
hahahaha dnt act like it ain't never happen to u
C'mon Patriots!!... Let's do this!!!
RT : Philip... he's our drummer
But the Penguins are losers. Laurinaitis wins. Goodnight.
Have a great weekend my friends:)
Those people who say Amen after every scentence... <<<
About to drop a ton on you in DM. Just give me a few to get it all out.
lots of work this weekend.. hoping to head to see a movie though.. anything good out right now?
:) <33333 I know it makes me sad /:
hey! Good to see you on Twitter JDJ!
Help us spread the word, We're seeking sponsors for upcoming Season 2 of Atlanta Best entertainment show on !
The most interesting NBA playoff series outside the Spurs-Jazz would be......?
the other dude only had his neck snapped... This is a game changer. Nobody is safe and nothing stays dead.
not trusting anybody but myself from now on
you da best! As long as you don't care if I break them by "accident".
“: Students: you're almost done - finish strong. #BootsToClasses” what a considerate man<3 my favorite
#ideas2action with knewton stds can finish early-I. E. seat time is not the determining factor for mastery.
I dont want to take english honors next year but i will have a different teacher so hopefully it will be better than this year!
I love that.
UGH t-_-t
what? you've got something against vancouver?! ;)
R.I.P Dick Clark
I just returned the favor and gave you a k+ on !
Marriage: Betting half of your shit you'll love her forever.
Perfect timing. Switch over & I catch 2 goals in literally 5 min... Pretty awful defense on display here by United, though.
Unfollowed for: RT "How 'little blonde' girls came to be...equated with innocence and how dispels the stereotype"
I will pick up the T Shirts on my way to the lake. My tent at 0400. (that means 400)
Damm man you must have some real good people and reps looking out for you. Congrats, hope you break a leg...
Who has all tried our new menu? What are your favorites?
I wanna give a special shout out to the women who dont look NOTHING like their avi pic in person... Gas is too high for suprises...
As a fellow songstress, I must say that u are such an inspiration & I appreciate all the love u have to give! Lovely to meet u
Well, considering the complete disregard drivers have for the bike lane on Lawrence, I don't blame you.
I understand!
nice new profile pic!
Me and think you should run your butt to your neighbors house and get the tickets. we <3 you
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate hang on i have to tweet what im doing real quick
What's your favorite team/conference/league? We can do a customized game for ya!
I think both games will be #interesting. Since I know absolutely nothing about SF, I'll pick the
it like, i hate you. :)
I love to laugh, it's getting worse every year!
Thanks for the recognition! We hope it helps manage #foodallergy in schools
Successfully read the last 10 hrs of my TL without seeing any #Scandal spoilers. Wonder how long I can keep this up...
I have the strong urge to yell Penis very loudly among these scholarly people
RT TSA Travel Advice for Domesticated Turkeys: You're not exempt from freedom pats.
yeah....I need some flavor tho
He's so cute!! What is he? A poodle?
and STILL don't make as mych as I do at my one job lmao
#IWantToHave a girlfriend
Mariano, get well, and come back. In our prayers for a speedy recovery.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Kentucky is just too good!
don't say that :) your beautiful to me
Apparently in Washington, DC you can't buy just one nip at the liquor store. You have to buy at least 6. How is that a safer option?
NF keep up the good work!
Little known fact. With complicated code, I use pencil and paper first. Probably write curly brackets more than any other person alive.
Why stress? All you need is a rope swing and a big ass pond. Tranquility
then realizing you don't have a chance with that girl <
I don't know what to wear. .
Thank you kindly for the RT, ! Sincerely, SJH
Hard work and dedication always pays off in the long run.
Check ur mail
May gray has started out with a bang... ugh.
Congrats finally!!
I'll be spending Mother's Day w/my beautiful daughter, poolside amazing female athletes
Finally were gettin buckets!!!!
Great workout tonight! Thanks Ana Maria Varela Bakas for referring Gus to us!
If y'all get a dumba** message from me it's SPAM smh.
dah.. seriously. if you know your account is sending messages to people, change your freakin password -__- tired of receiving and deleting.
What's yours?
Ugh. That was a very weepy moment, watching my video game mother die in my arms as I weep over her...
When people play games with you make sure you win
#RiseConference2012 is going to be incredible!! Hosted by June 22-23 // follow
How is #ToddKyle doing? and I have been asking around about him.
lol ok 20 questions so we can get to know each other a little better. sharing is caring!
believe me it happens in my dorm too...
I AM! hehe hi!
The funniest thing I heard today from a Female was. Watching Trey Songz in concert is like watching soft porn
I wish powered my in-car GPS. That would be a good #openxc project.
The tide by spill canvas. Listen. Now. 😭
The theme song from "Mighty Mouse" cartoon RT : What's the best song to do a striptease to ?
ha, opens the door, i.e. chance. You never know, this does give him an opportunity.
And the vampires will stay away. : "I'm roasting garlic. My husbands gonna fall in love all over again!"
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
does it really work? What kind of info does it give back?
I was in a BSL-2 lab and they were looking for viruses in soil samples from farms in China. (tech. is supposed to be BSL-3)
Such a good night. :) one happy lady.
Yeah! me too :)
"I follow you on Twitter-- you're boring." Good advice from an awesome professor. Maybe I should return to the Twitter game.
Let me.see yo booty drop
I can't wait to see #RomaninMoscow topping the Billboard Charts next week!
can you please stop getting so dang attractive?! Ohh wait thats impossible!(;
my logie was named after the airport in boston, he was born 9/11/01 after the plane flew out of logan airport
Vying for 1st place are "Imma Let You Finish," "The More We Drink, The Better You Sound" & "Lush Wagon." All kick-butt #dckaraoke teams!
haha I'm too shy
Milwaukee Public Museum | Cleopatra: The Search for the Last Queen of Egypt, Opens October 14, 2011!
Happy Birthday!!! =)
How deep did go in #deepseachallenge ? A normal passenger jet plane flies around 38,000ft. Look down. THAT's how deep he went!
He who fears something gives it power over him
Good Morning #ROC!
You're welcome! :) Have a good day at school today, bro!
“: Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only one testicle.” it's tweets like this that make me think they're fake
I hope I get laid in my dreams again tonight.
yes let's meet up. HH is best. Email me for times/ days. See you soon!
dunno? Biscuits I guess...
lost to a team out of temple-headed home
"casting is 90%" True for Crazy Heart, true for Lilipip.
forget Brazil! Come to Oahu! We need some good country concerts out here :)
i need a few stocking stuffer ideas
after a long phone chat with one of my lovely friends from college, i realized how sad i am i won't see many of them for a very long time
Thanks so much! :)
audience asks if they were lip singing because of how amazing everyone sounds. But it is all live voices.
Wow, that's awesome! I really missed Zara since I moved to US from Belgium.
Schnucks run for beets and tomato paste for our intestines
Come on in for a free lighter/beer opener....
"Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth"
Just recorded audio clip in Ojibwe w. author Anton Treuer. We also have Spanish, French, Chinese, Russian, & Hmong resources.
Just a reminder that Brad Loomis and the Resonance, Levi Ware & Sean McGrath will be happening this friday!
I watched a the last half of the 3rd period of last nights hockey game but to be honest these playoffs have sucked and I'm hockeyed out.
Congrats on your 28 months! Thanks for coming and hope to see you soon! RT : At Oz Korean Bbq wit for our 28 months(:
What you been up to? #Follow back
Let's dropkick racism with a steel toed boot
: Kamloops should also have lost Maduisky as well #dangerousheadhit on Leier. At least #WHL got one right
Game night and the fans' energy is amazing! #Spurs and the Suns tonight at 8.
Yeah when y'all said that fog was setting in at 1AM, all we could do was laugh.
The ad campaign for those LED lit car headlights that everyone has now should be: "The new LED headlights. Fuck everyone else on the road"
erm bye guys and have fun tweeting :-) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Can this "Camp Summer Set@ be like a legit summer camp? I would pay so much to go there.
Sushi is my drug!!!
Nice LTE in today's Trib
Critical thinking leads to good judgement
You are the father!!!
LORD KNOWS I LOVE ME A PRETTY GIRL IN A PAIR OF PRETTY SICK SNEAKERS!! (NIKES)
do you think i should let this one go & if it happens again then confront him abt it?
♪I'm Gonna Miss The Time I Spent With You Cuz Nobody Can Take Your Place♪
We just had to dress my dad; it's like he's a little kid. Only the Jay family hah
The problem with antisocial behavior is ... is ... Get off my back, will ya?! I'm still thinking.
Stop tweet watching so I know its real grrrrrrr
It's goin down right now!! LBT takeover March Madness Edition @ Le Bon Temps Roule...GET IN THERE!!!
Aww happy birthday! Best wishes, xo.
You should luv God way more then you luv money
What does it mean If someone tells you you look "corn-fed"? is it time to go on a diet?
re. your #RDF document (or resource), you can also just add a foaf:primarytopic relation too. Anyway, I'll make an example
rock on! Your an inspiration to our troops....
not most direct, but a new model: dev-ing open source around #pubmedia, push out early+often, and working w/similar projs
every other tweet is about sex lol
I went from not understanding references on the Simpsons because they were too old to not understanding them because they're too new.
lol Ikr!Shawty said join us D just bought a new cd we gonna go 2 D house n do it cuz no1 there.Wanna join us?U better say ya!
Who wants to drink tonight
Thank you Andrew Scott, great review!
Taking Metro shuttle showed me a new way to get to 50 & the metro from campus, Old Lee Hwy.
Prolly da best cast I ever seen in a movie #ThinkLikeAMan was amazing My boi was crazy funny I encourage everyone to see it
RT : "You think you may not be heard. Speak anyway." - Maya Angelou
don't disrespect bdog! =O
I want tacos
Cooking for Thanksgiving? Need inspiration? Check out our great collection of cookbooks!
thanks! ;-) and yeah... mutliple languages are becoming so important!
i relly bored
How did I just get talked into seeing the Avengers?? Isn't it mom's day? (with two sons I guess I have to get used to this!!)
RT : The revolutionary artist is never afraid of being on the front lines of cultural and social resistance.
RT : "Improvements in the ed pipeline need to be realized by May '16 to produce 50% college attainment rate by May '20"
New #harpers mag today! And the cover story looks good. "ignorance of things past" by Lewis Lapham.
omg i am in love with . she is so sexxxxyyy.
you're welcome, Kim..!
Thank you both for breaking in the new bed and a super hot scene!
lol who you talking to?
Bay Area weather will be great all week, because its Beer Time!! $8.10 get you in for 3 hours of beer and food tasting. kgoradio.com/beer
And you forget me?...sheesh. :) xo
4 members have already completed EVA's Book in a Year challenge! Congrats! Several more have committed to finishing their book by May 31st!
Hey guys, thanks for the follow! We just saw your fundraising video on Good luck with the !
Will pass on the info Thx! RT : your friend might be interested in just attending & networking as well :-)
Lindsey did you do the marketing focus @ PSU? Have a friend thinking about starting $ looking for feedback about Mktg stuff.
How do u close running apps.
To learn how to identify a secure website go2 Federal Trade Commission at www.onguardonline.gov/tools/recognize-secure-site-using-ssl.aspx
hahah the only things i produce are chocolate mud slides
Just saw a great fan film. Thehuntforgollom.com
BNP on loneliness. Remember millions of people are also alone. So you arent alone. Except technically you kind of are alone. So very alone.
Special Memorial Day Prices!!!! Limited time only..... Interest free financing available....
UGH! Don't tell me you get it- ignore my project for a week then tell me a day before it's due it doesn't make sense!
Aw Lo...most of us love you!!!
Kansas State's Frank Martin talking to South Carolina! Love that guy
why are you speaking when no one asked you ?
Perfect way to start my Holiday Vaca! Signed with a new manager and booked a recurring role in a webseries! :D
Thanks so much, we have been working hard to make things easy to find. Awesome therapy materials offer coming very soon!
Thanks so much!
Having feelings = unproductive. Is there a Botox-like substance that can freeze them out during the end of the semester?
Def not going camping again. Fuck mountain lions, panthers or whatever that was
hahahha classic and i could tell by his accent he must be from boston. Love it. And dang 5'5"?
New project: Online music magazine called P.I.G. Pods. Companion to playlists at Spotify. Playlists open on 10/24/11. Follow
or, the pessimism is a RESULT of more women being in college. They are more aware of realities of economic sitch.
How bout dem Os
Yesterday I heard a 6 yr old boy say, "I'm still going to marry Kate, but I'm also going to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend, Jenny."
DVDs are now staying at ? I'm so confused. Give me what I had and I'll forget this mess.
ooh white sands is good
Life without music is like cookies with no milk. Just call me the pillsbury doughboy.
Used Volkswagen Golf GTI buyers' guide - MSN Cars UK
Laugh out loud RT : Charlie Sheen only bangs porn stars for the articles.
today's work: texts from last night, people of walmart, reddit, and fail blog. #goHardInThePaint and make money today like me :)
Who hit theirs the farthest?
I'm going to Im loving that title#WIFEY. Lol
urine luck
#pla12 book buzz w/Nancy Pearl starting momentarily! My tbr list is going to grow!
Same “: What. The. Fuck.”
It's about time #NBC should retire #SNL The jokes & scripts are L.A.M.E. seriously.
Appreciate the good fight. But didn't have the shots to take the lead or the win away from Cincy. Still rockin burnt orange pride till I die
Just when you think you're having the worst day ever, a student comes by the reference desk and offers you a lollipop.
20 Millimeters Under the Puddle
#nowplaying Phil Wickham. Happy Friday everyone!
I look like I've been crying my eyes out... But I've just been having sneezing attacks all day :|
they have a way of doing that, those wiley aliens!
Chabala...that sounds like a crusty roll,
did I see you on the.jumbotron???
if its not your fault, then whose fault is it, you are the one that started drama that was untrue..
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Check out the documentary, Catching Hell. Fascinating look at how/why groups (fans, the media) need to find someone to blame (scapegoat).
I'm not even taking you seriously anymore man. Lol hoe.
So is anyone else to stoked new songs? they're turnin out pretty fuckin rad if a do say so myself :D
I wonder what thinks about the performance of Mike Levy?
Thanks. Whole entire insight due to
oh whatever I'm sure she's not
Damn everyone is blowing out there knees....Smh
Check out 's new song "Patricachs" up at #1 on the post-hardcore charts!
Fill in the blank: I was ___ years old when I first visited the Statue of Liberty.
is the third position coaching? Thanks for having us out coach, looking forward to a great summer of HOOPS!
Remember the #children. April is #childabuse prevention month.
thats wat I like to hear :)
thanks so much ;)
iono I think you and goin at it rite now but all that will change when GET BACK #whohotterthanme : ) WHOO LOL
wow whateva i still luv her more (':
Water Bobbles are awesome! And shit that sucks. Though I'd go to BBY for a phone over the carriers.
Had fun singing 04/28 for the Baha'i Temple Centenary program. Love the beautiful auditorium & the backstage signatures!
Pike Grand Jury indicts 10
The 2012 TTU TCR #mayseminar is 3 weeks away. What happened to the last year?
thanks for the luv!
Nah, it's all good. Now if you made comparisons to cured meats or vegetables, THAT would be weird. And thanks!
How u kno tht u didn't have no communication wit mother nature lol just kiddin just hopin we get dis over wit
i like the cute polo player on my socks,etc but Ralph Lauren shirts are not as well made as say Brooks Brothers
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across. For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
Thinking about heading over to 17th and Walnut
We r ready sound check done! Come out tonight and rock with us!!! Ciao we r at Limelight on NSt.Marys
lol your not the only one :p but yes you're a rock star too!
I'm confused
