But have you done all 20 ways of kissing lol ": I'm way passed the kissing chapter."
Mock exam tomorrow
yeah buddy!
than hes a beotch. you nice he shouldnt have broke up with u!
How do you like the 1D as compared to the 350D? I'm considering upgrading at some point & wonder whether it's worth it.
Wings! Wings! Wings! Wings! Wings!
There's a very small yodeling pickle in the lobby but I don't think she's going to have time to see him. I feel bad.
Pilates For Golfers
Hi! How are things going with the videos? Just checking in to see if you have any questions.
havin heart is somthin u can't ride the fence wit r fake...either u do r u don't
Stepbrothers is Will Ferrell at his best.
i just stole that off facebook lol from moomoo stat
Connection keeps getting reset so at least we know they are trying.
thanks for the #WW hugs!
My head hurts..
Hoping you made it back from Kansas without losing or forgetting any keys, or getting the lock cut on the trailer at 5 a.m.
sure, but you first. (:
two words. Cosplay.
"in the next 100 days I will seriously consider losing my cool"
“Be careful of your actions. You never know when your creating a memory.”
NYK Dropping 3's right and left on the Celtics
Why do guys have to be so dumb.
I love when avid readers adopt you as one of their shelf Authors.
A shoutout to my homeys!
thanks! Glad you like them! :)
Turns out the Ferris Bueller ad is for Honda. I hope Cameron's dad places an angry phone call to them for getting us excited about a car ad.
friends with benefits
Wash Post:"...if you aspire to work,or advance,in Washington. Twenty-eight percent of the over-25 population here has a master’s or PhD
Would love to see more systematic discush of Twitter as potential research/side-project sharing platform.
my lil boo is going to be getting all those bitches. fuck bitches and get money is his motto
RT this is Kei Kamara is your fantasy captain for this weekend.
RT : ....what a day for football - the worlds greatest game!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Everything is a lie until it's proven to be the truth.
Missing concert tonight :(
thanks! You're da bomb!
Up & Open on this rainy Monday morning. Come OUT & get our Strawberry Kissed Mocha to warn you up. Savings continue w/ 50% OFF almost ALL!
I like agents who do not discourage easily.
Correction: will be on Friday night's show. Joker & UofL 2005 vs. 2012 Thursday
Monsanto brought us DDT and Agent Orange. If you care about the environment, or are a Vietnam veteran, take note.
Yeah I like G better than geek sound too. But i heard the hard g somewhere and doubt crept in. :)
Aye lil chad got loads of swagg !!!!!
Haven't done any trivia in a while... who's game?
love the new design and content- looks great!
hey now, they need to get past the Magic first ( yes I #BelieveInMagic, ha)
$4 Bud Light Pints for the rest of March! $1 goes to the Red Cross for tornado relief! New shots too!!
I'm gonna miss u today!
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. My son is the 1st out of 11 grandchildren in the family 2 break a bone!!
your fucking high!
#bizforum most companies can barely use current data effectively/ efficiently. Yet many turning into data 'hoarders'.
...eliboM m'I
all the great movements started with just ONE person being brave and bold and cheeky.
CURRENT RATE OF GROWTH, URBAN SPRAWL, AND THE BIG PROBLEM OF A CULTURE THAT THRIVES ON THROWING THINGS AWAY. I CHIMED "THEORY AND PRACTICE
Can I just lay by a pool. In the sun. With a Hott boy. And a beer of course.
it's August WAIT A SECOND..
amen sister. all that holds us back is our attatchments to unworthiness.im letting it go!
We believe that the New Testament teaches that Jesus' successor will fulfill the prophecies about the coming messianic priest-king.
<3 : No precincts in yet from Menominee County. Expecting strong Muppet turnout.
#ifihadanickeleverytime I hear someone say "Casey Anthony"... I would have enough money to make her tell the truth.
Tell your daughter Happy Birthday> Age? /I'm listing stuff on Ebay so TTYL..
#ssdd #Same #Shit #Different #Day bra
1st 100 bundles sold in under 6 minutes. It was crazy!!!
That's a better spot to be in on #OpeningDay - Double Garabatos all day!
uh duh, sheesh!
It looked like coach Grantham was channeling his inner Erik Russell with the bloody lip.
I started buying presents this weekend
..me too! Like hydrangeas in modern crystal, & the perfect mixture of textures...mirror/mohair/metal w/ statement antiques
you said that! I love that song. You guys need to record a duet also!
#AlGreen always makes me smile.
Thanks for supporting our educational mission!
haha good point
Just felt to two sonic booms in Seattle! WTF? It shook the whole house!
You guys are making me feel bad for being bored by Austerlitz when I read it 9 years ago. Maybe I'll try it again.
I am wrapping up today's and this week's work.
This is great. Do tell more about secret plant play area!
I want to watch it with you :3 lol jk
A huge thank you goes out to the beautiful and & the stunning for being amazing actors/actresses
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. Stopping scary rides.
RT : its easy to come up with melodies for pop beats tho..they basically all the same
come see me I'm in the study hall room about to leave soon
If she never farted into her Yak Bak
Hi there Adam! How's my old stomping grounds? Would LOVE to hear what's happening with the good Curry peeps.
that is to say 7-year affordable term
TONIGHT Move over Jay Leno -We got Louis Van Amstel, Lisa Walter,Fox News Jennifer Griffin& singer Elan 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Wednesday, Dec. 21 145pm Aston Villa vs Arsenal Manchester City vs Stoke City Fulham vs Manchester United Wigan Athletic vs Liverpool
closest they may ever get.
Omg, how am I gonna survive this election cycle?
Rise and shine - share that killer smile with the world - much love!
I Mite Change My Twitter Name Tho
sorry for your loss. your dad was a librarian, interesting.
Who are these freakin refs...u kidding me
#FF Bring on the giggle water!
Just saw a dog owner yell "I am NOT happy with you" as she gave her dog a treat. Uh...
#dickinsonproblem no light in the bathrooms
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOL RT : When you're drawing a cartoon version of a cannon and everyone thinks it's a giant penis.
On another note having 3 Sweetheart Fireman watch me run around in a wet Tshirt at 1AM must have been a site-They were SO Nice ;-)
Good morning del I hope you have a great day
Why am I still up? Time for bed
Bored out of my mind.
Spent the morning working at the Tenderloin School's Family Fun Fair. Lots of sunshine and happy kids.
I can't believe I'd never read Flotsam! It's great!
Bus will be leaving at 7:25!! Be on TIME!! See everyone there
I see lol
According top the book we're reading in 's class, "the more disorganized your brain is, the smarter you are."
i love asking stupid questions that sound really dirty like, "do you shower NAKED?" or "do you pull down ur panties when u take a shit?"
Starting a project plan for our next eLearning adventure. System best practices. plenty of case studies to come!
I might be gone for min but I'm here rt now
We want to serve you so the more information we have from you about how to do that better, thanks, thesilktie.com
Coffee time and ready for a busy week ahead!
I Dont Know You And Im Not Going To Take The Time To Care If You Hate Me
“The City of Samba” | kontramensch
Have you checked out the brand new 3Bet.us website yet? Massive 33% off XMas sale going on now!
In Nashville and Martina McBride is stumping for Payton Manning to join the Titans.
Thanks! Can you DM me your email? Would love to show you early demo!
I love my brother : ) it's so good to hang out with him again
The rangers HAVE to win tonight, if they don't imma cry myself to sleep :'(
Its so nice out right now
RT Stay hurtable. Stay human. Stay open. It's always worth it.
Thank you to all that supports me and my music passion.....I would never stop doing what I love to do.....
all good grrl, you reppin' over the pond. Much love
Out here at Mound and Wilson where 81 year old man was shot while inside his home...well have latest at 11
Sup playa! Oh I felt so gangsta saying that:D
#BandsILove All the way :)
It was lovely, although I cheated—parked at the Info Center lot and biked from there, as my bike is *not* street legal.
Volunteering at Hospice tonight! It's been a while since I've been there.
huh? The red sox aren't having a PA announcer to honor the guy. Aka the right thing to do
Do you use software comparison charts in buying decision-making? What's missing?
I jus tirn all my nitemares into wet dreams
trying to aggravate me w/ the FSNgirls tweet? Barf always! 💩😉
hey girlfriend
When Jeff has soccer<<<  
Steak time at outback!
Congratulations to for winning the #Twitter #contest! Yay!!!
-Think Like A Man was GREAT! Everybody must see, congratulations on your success!
We've scanned nearly 1,500 pages of Civil War primary sources from 15 regional institutions!
Scrimmage tomorrow for soccer! :P not really in the GAME mood yet. & I'm also trying to talk my mom into signing me up for dance class! :D
Nothing confuses me more than a self-confident fatty
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would take my neighborhood out
Managing The Stress In Your Small Business When you put out your shingle that says open for business, you immediately take on 10-14 jobs
Very Nice!!
Sorry to miss you! Next time. I used this topic for the health comm course too:)
Oh awesome! I'll have to check them out this weekend. Thanks!
Sign up for Directv now and get 6 monthes of the best package free!! Call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 for extra savings.
It is time for your pledge on BLUEGRASS SATURDAY MORNING! Stay tuned for a special matching grant during the 10 o'clock hour.
never tried that place! there's cool bars downtown, the Ottawa Tavern in particular is fun & has good food too.
Steakhouse tonight!!!!!!!
is nobu open? You available at all this week?
I fucking tried, idk what else to do
A good but weird facelift I'd bet!
"How can you not love Niall? He's like a teddy bear you press its tummy and it says "I love Bieber" -Zayn Malik.
Sometimes life lobs you softballs and sometime hand grenades. I hate the hand grenades.
I'm great myself......jus made lasagna
HOP into the weekend w/ & tonight! 9p is Music & 6p is 5th Annual Bunny Hop Bar Crawl. 950 W Webster Ave Chicago
thank you, Jake. Very kind of you. Let's set up a coffee next week?
I think I'm dumb, maybe just happy
B back later fam....gotta get my grub on right quick!! #sundaydinner on deck!!
: I shall stick with the safer choice of :)
well go pacers!!!
hahaha, ok, will do!
Hey Big Dawg!
no I'd make fun of you & be like AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GINGER HAHA
Yeah , it is ! I'm not going to have time to eat lunch . I'm going to waste away to nothing .
Haha "spice up" and "jewelmint" what a contradictory ad. xD
Great #jazz being played by Thomas Simmons now 'til 6am on
Blazers fall short in their comeback bid and lose 94-89 to Camby and the Rockets...How about Dragic? I like that guy!
#Bristol Palin is famous for one thing: fucking. oh yeah, ruining her mother's conservative morels, that's 2......so...
Transit Not Tolls!
...working on it
ew. not a hazelnut fan or a flavoured coffee fan. you have my sympathies.
your black dress in the parent hood at the dance >>>
Hacksaw is our resident Recondo!
Awesome list. Thanks for the recs!
it's showhouse season & we're so excited to participate in: & the DreamHome @ the
I haven't been sick yet this month, but for the 4th time in Feb, I'm on the verge of getting a cold.
“: The rapper Fabolous gives a shoutout to the UK basketball team in his new song "My Team Winning". Lyrics to follow...”
RT : NEWS ALERT: The universe doesn’t revolve around you or me.
ok I will follow you back... how did the evening turn out at work today? Boring?
Will I find some Twitter time today? Follow me and find out!
Hello harry, Have a nice day !! :)
Watching the movie Grown Ups i love that movie!! Adam sandler is so funny so is kevin james and chris rock !! :D :D
Generation Productions welcomes creative developer Paul Webb to the team.
I'm thinking about releasing a dubstep track this weekend, what ya'll think? :)
Joshua took me to go adopt a puppy! 😁 Ima be a mommy to my second baby, a yorkie 🐶
ohh I see
I used to live there. Along Wilshire. Good luck Tony! You'll b just fine big man!
coming from Arlington into MD -- 66 or GW parkway? Let me know what to take!!
ACT tomorrow.😞
It's one of my favorite phrases... and it means it's almost summer.
2012/ Red Hook Summer, a movie to see!
OMFG @ monsters telling to die! Talk about crossing the line! Some of you are disgusting pigs
You don't take AMEX? Charles Barkley would call that turrible
Shots of black cherry run. Good idea? Yes?
Audrey thinks she's punishing me by not texting me back. I'm having a Backstreet Boys jam session and painting my nails.
Bar for beer and burgers. Wine at home. Redbox rentals... add 'em up and it is as close to perfect as it can get without Shannon here.
I'm liking it better than City & City, characters are rich, just wish he would move plot faster, would be great 300 pgs vs 500
Really hoping 's digital humanities class doesn't fill up before new student registration starts!
Fast 5 is the best of the series. More Heist than Car Racing.
I don't want to hear that you have plenty to talk about
thanks for the Buzz guys!! Keep up the good work :)
...but public question for #activateNYC12 is why, if #opengov is agreed, we lack #opengovdata today- LoC institution refuses to #FreeTHOMAS!
Kind of loving how much every day is not the same.
Wile E. Coyote finally caught the Road Runner...technically.
Super Mario bros. Is the best video game EVER!
light it up -- cz im a smoker
Good Morning Tweeties!!!! Today is going to be a WONDERFUL day!!!!
Left my phone home which sux
"An ancient script asks: 'Would you let a man rule the city who cannot even rule his own spirit?' Sometimes we do. --Jim Rohn
naw i aint rich but om far from being broke shout out to Spread Squad Ent
mitt romney = bobby newport
ugh, I'm with you. The name I just came up with sounds more like an ice cream flavor than a town name!
Why would it be important, from a preservation perspective, for a JPEG2000 file to have between 5 and 32 decomposition levels? Why not 4?
Passed a gas station in Clermont tonight with a line of cars wrapped around it because sadly $3.39 a gallon is now a bargain.
it's okay but I would prefer to be at home :D and I enjoy talking to u ;)
I spy snow.
I'm having a fucking ball right now
In Sandy, logging video in live van, eating a Joe's donut, watching snow fall outside.. Rocking out to Phil Collins. How's your work day?
what's up my brotha! just checking in, praying that you are still fighting the "good fight of faith!". Be encouraged Pastor Phil
"Don't ask if you don't want the answer." A concept I use to laugh at is now becoming very familiar.
i actually felt like lookin like somethin today lol..
Season 3 of Burn Notice is not ordered correctly on streaming service. Any chance you can looksie?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
I'm not talking about getting Crunk
Bring a current resume and 3 show proposals! See you there*
For a lot of ppl, the weekly paycheck is 'take-home pay' bc home is the only place they can afford to go w/it. -C.A. Jaffe
we help nonprofits who have Blackbaud software. We had a booth here at sci fair. Way beat and ready to crash!
There should be more singing convos. Can we just put on a cabaret? People would actually enjoy that and stay awake
Webcam would increase the file size of the total file because it is full motion video. What is the difference in file sizes?
Aww well get better! :) Just listen to our music in anticipation for the next show :D
One direction, they are HORRIBLE ACTORS, but i dont mind <3
I wish I could come
"How could it be?..She wrote her number down, it's here in front of me..Don't understand..She must have told me a lie..I wonder why?"
Wow. <--- all I can say in regards to last night.
Big butt and boobs..? And my mom doesn't. Isnt it obvious? I MUST be part Kardashian.
#askselena if the world left you ,justin & taylor,only two can survive,who will u choose to survive with?
Can't believe I got duped by again! I'm waiting to see how they resolve this boondoggle...tryna support but #CmonMan!
I feel you on that one cuz
wow phils are in the eastern cellar? what's up ?
That was an incredibly emotional game, still so proud of SC
Pretty much had a falling out with my older sister yesterday.....she said some really hurtful things. Maybe they're true?
me neither! would love to see you before i leave town!
College Softball >>
Done with a 15 hour work day! Ready for some fun
I am going to get another one soon. So you are going to have to hurry up and catch up!
#Turf on #AGT last night was incredible.. great moment.
please you follow..my heart.
according to a kid in my English class Brodeur is the best goalie in NHL history, agree or disagree?
Fuck this class
roger that. Layer up! See you round the farm!
Why is it when u have the downstairs apartment it always sounds like Dumbo the elephant lives upstairs?
RT : hey #sachat folks, a great discussion is happening over on #emchat about silos across campuses. jump in!
RT : The way you describe others is an admission & description of your own views on life.
Thx for the retweet Nicolas! How are things in London?
I just got a for toenail fungus laser treatment. Wtf? Not the loveliest of flash sales.
yeah I love his accent! He's so sweet too! :)
when are you coming back to chicago to teach?
I Wanna get my hair done in some kinki twist with black n red or just black hmm what you thank ?
aiy LOVE what im seein righ now! Esp bein a gr8 teammate out there even with the foul trouble.
Dang u android keyboard! Why must u make me feel like Shrek! Tiny buttons are making Hulk angry...texting takes forever. Sad face.
Now followin Back .
Jealous as hell of everyone celebrating cinco de mayo
Are you gonna do more stories ?:D
well that's what you get for never hitting me up...
and me, with soup.
my day was just made!
that's all I do jajaja
I hate seeing post the same stuff over and over...
Free Willy doesn't have the happiest of endings
thank you
After that convo with Leah i feel better. :)
Looking for about 30 people to participate in the Twestival Flashmob this month. Email us if you are interested. Please RT.
Sunny afternoon in ATL. At Turner Field preparing for the Braves LIVE pregame show.
hell yeah !!
1 more follower!!
Fuck you. Fuck everything about you.
Ima DL it soon as I get in da house
“: Yo realtalk S/O to dat great nap I just took.. But now I'm up & ready to "POP & GO"#LetsGetIt #UnleashTheManimal” Go Nugs
does anyone want to trade tweets? we can retweet eachothers' tweets. Hit me up!
My weakness is I care too much.
I loved pretty little liar favorite show ever :)
She's sick at Twitter.
So many Asian guys around UCLA I'm officially calling it The Joy-Fuck Club.
- we're indeed taking the appropriate precautions for
KATE FREAKING NASH.
Todays soup of the day is for all the vegans. Its roasted eggplant and asparagus with bowtie pasta.
biebsss I love u u r amaziing love boyfriend can't wait for the vid well gotta go love u follow back please <3 thank u
New song comming out called "Hatin on me Cause Im Gay " All for #Team'Royalty <3
tell her great job from me! I was working the water stop at mile 10. What is her next race? Old man river half marathon for me
Tomorrow at 11:30: World Cup Soccer Paraguay Vs. Spain! Come in and cool off with $15 buckets of beer!
#1 thing not to say to your parents: i'm bored. You will instantly be put to work.
Decide to Conquer > wonder into Defeat
I would love for everyone to stop being such dicks
It's an 80's pop kind of day.
you disappoint me..
Went to class without anything but my iPhone. All I need!
Private investing seems much safer than the public markets today. We are working on further reducing the risk. Stay tuned.
Thanks for the RT today Matt! Have a wonderful evening!
I will for sure come back soon! Thanks again!!! :) :)
Looks like 'Shampoo,' which I've never seen. Tix sold out during pre-sale - might have to be a member to go in the future.
😭😂😭😭RT : Can't wait until Obama pass that no braids over 25 law.
so we will pick up a few years later at the start of Season 5?
Get to know nearly 170 breeds. See 2,000 dogs compete for breed, group, and best in show prizes. See top agility dogs each day!
Got my sunglasses back! (:
Turning in my final printed copy of my thesis. And then I will be done with graduate school!
Just wait till your older...the bathroom always comes first.
Always a pleasure to have you in here!
Hell yea lol
Loving the #XFactor tonight!
We're just as psyched... excited & enthralled! RT : Opening night of my new piece "Sueño de mármol" Psyched!
"my favorite movie is ratttitoui"
is one of my favorite shows!
Forget the project!
Same to you!
Morning, lovelies! Happy Friday!
Pretty sure I just shared a unisex bathroom with Courtney Love.
Did you get a chance to check it out?
“: What do you wanna be when you grow up?”// present & content.
Yes! Help me!
RT RT all presos from #gov20e will be posted to blip.tv--look for links on the gov2expo.com site OSA ppt
Stacy Keibler's hair and makeup is fabulous. Gold statue like dress - awful.
Love it! I love being able to track my distance,calorie burn,and listen to music on my watch!No heart rate monitor though
#DiscountDoubleChoke is trending... ouch
From 3-6p M-F we are open to women, children, and families. We serve snacks, a hot meal, and have an exciting activity going on! Tell some1!
damn bro! 11 followers?! Your getting big time mang!
Me: "I'm going to be outside the Supreme Court tomorrow b/c they're hearing Affordable Care Act oral arguments." Dad: "OK. Wear sunblock."
Random thought: I want to punch Wilfred in the snout. Then throw his bong in the sea.
if you aint got no liquor or weed tf we talm bout ? , o_O .
I went to sing
haha hope it was because of the "draft thing" and not the "other thing"
Just found out that my buyer doesn't have money until after Dec. 31 but he's on a skiing trip right now. Bah Humbug
I can NOT wait to see you in one week :) and little miss! And mr. ewp :)
Happy Birthday to !!!
something very strange...
Half hour until Monday night Raw !
Start up looking for an investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Thanks for the mention
One year ago today, I woke up connected to a ventilator and multiple tubes and IVs. By that time, my Mom had already made the trip from VA..
the schedule says Student Affairs Conference room. That's inside the Student Affairs office
Woohoo can't wait....going to city walk later!!!!
Best advice I have heard in a long time: "Don't give up... never ever give up."
Hey i'm in town next week for an Elle Decor party @ CountryFloors Y don't U come? text me your email and I send U an e-vite
SSD Makes a HUGE difference in performance, it's worth it
I do not say that. Perhaps you are thinking of an additional Keanu.
Creative meeting for new project started as psychological thriller and ended as a major car chase. No more coffee.
Always remember that every morning you wake up with yourself and the only person you have to impress is yourself. " -Donald Trump
Making gingersnaps and fruitcake and waiting for the snow.
How the eff am I awake? Not to mention, drinking water.
143♥, follow me please! You're on my mind, in my life, in mi hearth! Your voice is amazing; congratulations! :D
happy b-day xaivier
Check in to on Foursquare during tonights game for a shot at a bobblehead!
Amazing prayer for the unborn given by Jesus... please check this out.... Prayer warriors on my facebook...
Seems people need to study why Xerox Parq was so successful. Doesn't seems any brands are trying to copy today.
what state u currently at?
Go Coyotes!!
ya. I guess so
I love this song cuz I get so stay with my dad until new years and I haven't seen him since he got stationed in hawaii!!!
10k for Zimmermans arrest, come on
Hi, I'm Howie Rose!
Blocked by the rookie Brad Jones!
Nope you can still send stuff in :)
These people NEVER take our advice&then they complain wen there STUCK n a long line!!Friday Night/Broadway Bar/ARRIVE EARLY!!
iPhone shuffle: Rocky Votolato to Jay-Z. Huh.
HOUSE OF BLUES THIS SUNDAY IM THERE ON THE MIC ALL WHITE LETS GO!!!
On my way back to the Recording Studio.
Such a nice day in the sun with and
Makes sense to me!
Bout to hoop
hi! how long are you there?? I'm going this week too.
THURSDAY (cont'd) - OK crime-fighters, time to get serious about this NCAA Tourney - This is REALLY One & Done!
The Young at Art Museum just opened last weekend! Hispanic event is 1st hosting! Beautiful facilities!
thanks Sharon!
My pleasure
Amazon puzzle: EC2 has a lot more competition other services (S3, etc.), yet pricing for other services come down but not EC2. How come?
Got dick on call ass bitch
: I appreciate when people tell me when my ideas are dumb and explain why. I guess we're different in that way.
or Dakota's referring to the movie anchorman. Haha best movie ever. But idk!
I asked you on March 29th if you thought he would come back and you said "Nope". Glad you were wrong though lol.
So i got isap tomorrow.... oh well- better than being in class anywayss
That sounds better than fresh tennis shoes!
Electricity is available. Have a computer, camera & iPod.
RT “: Did FSSW just miss the first pitch again?” >>> amazing. They did it again!!>>who is running that thing??
I'm not sure if I applaud Mattel or am just annoyed.
Embrace you dreams. And, whatever happens, protect your SOLDIER honor. -Zack Fair
#DesignMoreOfLessOf: Less Intellectualizing. Less talk, more do.
High School Freshmen Enrollment tonight!!! Scared & excited at the same time!!
Just finished up training and not at the gym than some bag work and mits
I'm watching lacrosse at the same time.
THANK YOU!!! *muah*
please follow me
Our biz dev tweeps:
Only a gift for no reason - a real gift ..
Who died?
Stop! "I am a leaf on the wind"
#newmotto from Jasmine V I Love Haterz RT it
Hey, Larry, could you follow us and we'll shoot you an invite through DM?
RT : Get sessions scared ass outta here
Have a kick *** Conference!!
Well is becoming a relative term - n'est ce pas? Doing fine and hope same is true for YOU. Got your DM - done deal!
WUT did u do?!:O
They have provided such amazing quality for a price we could actually afford
What a long day at work!!
was so awesome on #AmericanIdol I really need to see them in concert
Up nice an early ready to dominate are soccer semi final then take home the beer mugs and trophy in the final.. Wish me luck
Reminder: Get your photo/logo mashup pics to our wall by the end of Friday. Best one becomes our Profile Pic. Spread the word.
Hunter Hayes is a beautiful man
Center Raiola on the sidelines w/a tied ballgame at 19
Just wanted to check - is #Wayzgoose a family friendly event?
just chillin...check out my music, and add my myspace eh?
I have to go. You're a horrible person. A HORRIBLE PERSON!!
I just wanna go to the mountain tops and yell :(
Hello to Michaels class. Have a great semester!
heading out to the Kensington Christmas Bazarre with my American Girl Doll Beds :) Wish me luck!!!!
“: A #Taurus male may take some times to open up to you but once they fall for you, they are yours forever.”
And won.
Got staples on my d**k (why) f*ckin’ centerfolds
Totally in love with everything at right now! Watch their makeover segment on tomorrow!
Check out and follow and
Work is so often the best solution for most problems. The best solution - not the easiest.
George Nelson Roll Top DeskAction office series 2 drawer 1960's Herman Miller was $3,500, now $1900! not valid with any other discounts
Absolutely LOVING your remix of Lovetrack.. Cant stop listening to it!
Where are you? It's raining.
can paula dean just shut the fuck up? she sounds like a retarded hilljack.
How about 1pm at Mo'joe Coffee House on Thursday?
Kobe ain't getting shit easy...
Just saw Thor. Hey did you know you're in that? You looked cute.
when i lived in Prague the concrete staircases up to my (4th floor) first flat were held up by telegraph poles...
Marsha Semmel emphasis: informal learning occurs across generations -how museums and libraries are crossing physical-digital bounds
You have more sparks than a bolt of lightning I love Bruno!!!!
I'm hanging in there.. Life has been a whirlwind of changes, but I'm just trying to take it one day at a time :)
I love your tweets
on the lake
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways return your messages and calls .
I would if I didn't have the babe. Feel better!!
there's a great ipad app called pear note. you record & your notes are given a timestamp so you just tap the note & skip to the part
lololololololoololol my mum will stab me.
i remember you and tw were at our place watching that episode and ended up missing your ferry to see him interview ralph nader
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
"Success is the prize for perseverance." - NSD, Barbara Sunden
chin up! (and grab more coffee) it's my IV today.
i dont know how to work with this shit. its so confusing
Happy Birthday to #COLABpdx - enjoy your first beer!
Semi-irregular, bathroom-mirror rock-star,Network Marketer, Crimefighter, overeater, lovingleader, Guitarist
#FF Best Sixers blog in the world: and its good-looking writers and
Natalya dragged me on a 3.5 mile run this morning. Obviously we have different opinions on "enjoying" our day off.
Thought of the day: I really adore my customers. They are, on a whole, quite amazing.
That was mentioned.
Sad to hear the news about Maurice Sendak. What was your favorite book/illustrations? Mine has always been Little Bear.
Wow, right over your head...
It's rainy I'm cold and I wanna cuddle..
"Fixies" are for asshats. It's a Track Bike!! For a velodrome!! Not for riding around lookin' like a colored clown on a shit built SE Draft.
Rock on with your bad self! Onward and upward as always! :)
I'm about to KO on the forreal
Bail has been denied for Arthur Anaya, 54, of Santa Fe. Anaya is charged with shooting to death two tenants who were late with their rent.
See George tomorrow morning on FOX 6 between 8&9am cooking for the
Ready for my first non-corporeal opera experience! Watching Das Rheingold simulcast live from the MET. Sad there's only a few people here.
So on fire so in love. Way back when we couldn't get enough. <3
: And all this time I've been writing love songs,sexy slow jams&feel good uptempos,I should've just written the fish song http:/ ...
I just love case studies. Doubly so if they are written in a novel type format!
he used his powers for evil, and now he heals Abed
When guys assume that girls are their own cleaning ladies ,Honestly I don't even clean my own room .
Wastin my time
He, awesome. Thanks.
NAW NAW NAW..WHEN KEEPING IT REAL GOES WRONG!! WATCH YOUR BACK DESTINI..LOL. I'M COMING OUT THE TREES
'twas the beginning of a beautiful, musical friendship
just hit me up
with melo at the 4 they should play good but losing shump hurts
I'm not going to give in.
No doubt. Can't stop us from dominating always! BOOM!
Austin-based and all make the 2012 IR Top 500 ecommerce sites list.
Holidays are over.... New Years get away is over. Let's go sell a house!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL !!
Our bridges burned down
Conference #2 this year with a sighting. I decided introducing myself to him in the men's room wasn't the best social option.
People give me hell for sleeping in late. But I'm up late. I need sleep or I don't look good. I'd rather be awake for 3 hours and look good.
Kingwoo Solo Album Stupid Trapping Coming Soon
this one is special.. She's obsessed with Jack... Different kind of BA
i could really use some shots right now
they were $49 with taxes and what not. if you dont want them ill keep them. haha they fit me
Congrats! Great app idea, BTW! CC
If you bought a pregnancy test at Dollar General cause that's all you could afford, I assume you conceived the baby in a Walmart bathroom.
More popular than #thefonz statue MT : Uecker: "We're going to invite pigeons. I'm holding a stand, it's a feeder-type thing."
who is this idiot you have on the radio who just said the Rangers Windows is closing as they are getting older?!
Sheltered By Skies help me out and RT this =D #thankyou!
WE HAVEN'T FACETIMED IN LIKE 2 WEEKS. What is wrong with us. :o
being still before heading out for a hike to Paulina Lake
Think with your mind and not your heart or you're destined to get hurt.
All right! Rangers win! Have a great night and I'm ready for the Kings to kill the Coyotes tomorrow!
People create such funny posts on tumblr lol
cool. i've walked by there before. will have to pop in sometime.
Girlfriend tip: Look nice when traveling because that's when you can meet rich business men.:)
I'm sorry that it does.
ill save my words to make the most of it i never meant to be gone so long do you still remember my touch at all
Better know history Shows If You Wana Win Rings You Either Go To Boston or Laker Land....Not A Miami Heat Spot
Loved it! He was my fave.
Leadership - No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
I checked u out and I think we could do something....when u get some time send me a track to jump on I will DM u my email! :)
sounds interesting
Kobe's wife is treating him like Mike Brown, huh. Still not acknowledging him.
I saw the video & ur making a story out of nothing. Don't you have anything else to write about?
Notice Beautiful was the Last quality I mentioned In my Last text because I'm mature & smart enough to know that "BEAUTY IS TRULY SKIN DEEP"
Good stuff.
Omg I need a
omg I love Starbucks I can't believe u never had it b4 haha did u enjoy
I'm eatin sun dip right now
You are, therefore you'll be.
The best feeling comes when you realize that you are perfectly happy without the things once you thought you needed the most.
Congrats on your achievements!
It all starts with Rondo..If they stay healthy and Doc keeps their minutes down they will be there..
get ur ambition, get yourself, that's all you need. We are ready for the in www.nxtarrow.com
Look at all those classic movies, "Caged Heat"...etc!
I'm self employed. I had 2 learn years ago 2 keep my anger in ck. Big plans for immed prior to retirement. I will rage then!
I should've took a nap today.. Lol
Congrats David, you deserve it! :)
We'll be hosting College Nights every Thursday at Cowboys in Arlington from now on.
Always wanted to be on a trivia game show? Baruch is hosting THINKFAST, an interactive trivia game, at 6pm! Come win up to $500 in prizes!
Then AP English meeting tonight. Dx
I don't even wna understand what that picture is of. But I use Burt's bees, that's not mine thank god
Do other people listen to the same soundtrack over and over and over again? =P
Hey our page is an Orlando based sketch comedy group. Anyway you could give us a shout out?
Special prayers for Norway...
You know what, yes, I would think so. The circumstances it would take for Dropbox to engulf our bandwidth should be rare. Hm
has 3 so ya, apparently?
just knock on your floor real hard to get their attention lol
yeah idk just can't see it going that long. Hope sixers celtics does though to give bosh more time. Tryna watch okc la 2nite?
we tried the tortillas yesterday. They turned out really tasty. Regular crepe cake might happen tomorrow
Just heard Marry The Night on the radio it was amazing lmao
Congratulations! RT : Just arrived...my Beta Phi Mu bookmark!
Go see 's production of The Outsiders, it's so good! Tonight at 7:30pm.
Wednesday Night Trivia Bonus Word is : "Resolution" ! See you all at 6:30pm on Wed for some delicious food, drinks, and TRIVIA!!
If they did that I would've bought season tickets. Steph Curry is just fun to watch.
I'm just come out and say it.....I've never seen any of the star wars movie.
Thanks for throwin a medium old dog a #FF bone!! :-}
Thanks for the RT!
i feel like $100 - not a $100 bill, but like, 20 $5 bills. you know, stuff you can use readily and not have to worry about breaking the $100
Well. Almost an entire game. WHATEVER IT'S AWESOME.
#whythefuck is Phillip Phillips still on American Idol?
bank head what can u do i can do it to lohh
and by "you're" I mean "your." So much for my English degree.
Bought a smart phone to be able to check my email at my new career. My email is incompatible with my phone and I'm careerless.
It's funny how people say they miss you, but don't even make an effort to see you.
I would enjoy Internet at the library, but I guess that's too much to ask for.
i wish justin would follow me
figured you'd like that last tweet!
WM's repository hits 400K downloads! scholarship.law.wm.edu. I like to think my papers account for a dozen hits or so.
it's GREAT!!
I had dinner over 4 hours ago
...only those that use the abbreviation "ppl." ;-)
And now we are awake at 9:30am..
The more I look at it the less likely I feel like I'll be in South Afrika.
I'm not the type to sit here and just act like an emotional bitch.
the city is lacking funding but u scoffing nose at medical cannabis $, why
very true. at least she can cry at will. not easy! rt She is fake and cries only for a attention!!!
How's everyone doing today?
try not to kill any of the dumb people while you're @ PSU this weekend.
Javale McGee gets away with a lot of pushing under the basket.
MM fans are only annoying when they bitch about lack of MM. They're cool besides that.
thanks for comin' through.. let's connect back on tha streets..!
#bored indeed.
Yea. Once the review is written I'll share it with anybody that will take it! Def. on mine and a couple friends.
Expect the worst & hope for the best
The only time I'll leave you is the day we die.
whats the matter? yes please help me
Epic Fail ... sigh.
So I meet a friend for dinner and he points out I have a peanut in my scarf. More
bonfire? I'm down.
Me likes Gemologist. What the heck.
I want steak n' shake! My dad won't take me..
So ageism is on the deck. Lots of "boomering" going on
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Milk was a #bad choice.
What do we do when we're bored at 2am? Lauderdale of course.
Hey Sonny (: when r u going LIVE on stickam again ? miss u ..but <3 u (:
I did love his kicks back in the day but that's it.
Vinny, You're legit amazing. You think you could follow me? I would very much appriciate it<3
Where the heck are you? Last time we checked MN had all kinds of good food (also, not an island) :)
happy birthday, Shamere LaShae Shepherd. May your day be all you desire. Luv ya!
At a Japanese steakhouse for the first time ever! If that man flings shrimp at me I just might holla!!! Lol
Bored at the mall with text me
You just mind your business.
Avengers premiere with my boys=great start to summer
is really good at "draw something" 
Going to see and tonight!!!! This will be the best show EVER!
☑Twitter ☑ Tumblr ☑ Facebook ☑ Youtube ☐ Homework.
I just seen her his morning and she looked fine. :/ awh.
Thank you President Obama!
Let me see myself online the way other people see me--the government, businesses, my friends, etc. Czerwinski of Microsoft at
just click the follow button pleasee!!
can you follow me please
wen i have my ipod or wen my phone turns onn .
you've officially "made it". congrats.
Thanks! We're excited about it. So nice to create content with all the interesting people in our community.
Timely, candid and on-going feedback from customers and clients is the fuel which should propel any successful business or organization.
you're awesome! thanks for coming over and hangin with us ;) well definitely see ya soon!
Reno Open Data hackers, we are preparing a list of preliminary datasets now. They will be released this week, watch the twitters!
#140cuse Sports social media about to start.
East coast! Wanna package?
I.e., tech reasons alone ("they're old & outdated") are insufficient & often incendiary.
Man, 11 v 11 soccer requires a lot of running. Felt good to get back there. Not better than the Liverpool game though.
People don't follow because of a title. They will only follow you if they know you care.
HAPPY FLIPPING BIRTHHDAYYY TO MY BESTESSTTT FRIEND !!!!!!!
We develop all of our pools from scratch, so you know you are getting the highest quality
maybe a BBQ
did you find any #beepure? I checked Walmart for you, no local honey.
Thank you Tina. You are so sweet! Appreciated! Have a great week.
Going to start studying
Follow these guys they know which way the arrows are pointing. last time i checked they were UP :)
My new food blogging gig with : TOP 5 tailgating recipes, including my jal poppers and grilled key lime guac...
You think we have it bad. You should read about Kangaroo reproductive organs ...
And with that, most of the time I put into my senior year ends. It was a good run while it lasted
Fellas,be like dad and not like sis.Let's lift that lid up before you piss
Not me, Do you ?
That sounds pretty good! But Golden Beetle is a party in your mouth. :-)
Let's go Thunder... Let's go!
So happy that it all worked out for you. Awesome. Coffee again soon?
I like that! #wild blessings to you too!
haha what song? :)
Already a Milwaukee legend
it depends on the person, people are like products in a retail store some are the the real name brand but others are generic
A hilarious avatar will not influence me to follow you. But you'll get my attention.
I GOT IT I'M SO BAD I JUST WANT TO TAKE A SHOT, I GOT IT
« Now EveryBdy From South Philly Cdfu , Never Heard Or Seen Bull Before Dwn The P»<----imposters they hate where there fron
Last long run (9 m) for the #kyderby #MiniMarathon training complete! Only 2 weeks to go!
has the funniest tweets and it always makes mu day. Just a follow from him and thats all i need. Lol
Finally bought a Kindle!!!!!!
I have instructions for making them if you want a scan of that.
"The noblest of all dogs is the hot-dog; it feeds the hand that bites it." by Lawrence J. Peter
Even when I'm working, I'm just in a good mood! It's weird.
yeah??? Hope it wasn't that bad!!!!
I finished all three books of girl with the dragon tattoo and hunger games... now what do I do with my time??
it shall be quite the soiree!
Sittin up watchin impractical jokers this show makes me laugh so hard i forget about stress lmao
Excited for Day 2 of Q1Productions Pharma Conference, then on to Learning Solutions tomorrow. See TeamMaestro there at booth 507!
Can't wait to finish shopping so I can settle down on my couch!
Scrubs..and Tumblr. Also, tweeting. Again.
well duh, how else do you expect them to make it to Superbowl and loose again
Lol I swear you was, you are an attention lover.
I'm awake after midnight for the first time in month's. Time for a St. Bernardus Abt12 before bed.
marry me
The other night, watching some action, I proclaimed "#BallDontLie" and my wife said, "huh?" I said, "nothin, it's a Rasheed thing"
Considering what! Right now I am going to run out and get lunch.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
There are NO tickets on the door for the Snowball tonight. The last ticket was picked up this afternoon.
sure did. Was great
Know PHP, JavaScript, have e-commerce background? I know an awesome startup in SF that is looking for a technical co-founder. Current found…
That game's over early, right? Will Badgers still start at 7:30, or 30 minutes after that one?
Dont forget, 25%off ANY food and ANY drink thru friday!!!!!!!!
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, & God the soul. -Alexander Pope, 1734
Okay you've got me. I can't whistle... but I CAN train birds.
“: I don't fuck with hard drugs, like na man I'm already pretty doomed for life I don't need dat sheeeeiit.”
“: If y'all could just see what I can see at wow lmaoooo” he goes in!!!!!
Thanks for following everyone! We would love to meet you at our store...
Ha! “: I'm confident Butler doesn't pay players, took us numerous years to get doors on the stalls in the bathrooms in Hinkle”
We are going to attempt to stream the show on justintv tonight, check facebook and twitter later tonight for a link
a website my buddy is trying to start
it sounds like a kidnap.
" Lana Del Rey's Lambasted 'SNL' Perfornance" That's how her music sounds. Weird and off but it's different. Probably why she booked.
live stream online now!
Ditto, fearless leader. <3
awe <3 tear!
Seen Justin Beibers's video for "Boyfriend" lol he's trying to be something he's not with all the dancing and rapping shit lbs
The article has links to that info...
Hey folks.
2.) Stash personal belongings in the seats you won’t be sitting in to prevent them from being Tetris-ed on.
Thanks for the follow - keep in touch as you need resources!
Thank you and nice job on the 10k!
Levander: How can we make discoverable ideas and content that are ‘hidden’ by existing knowledge design systems? (i.e. LOC)
*SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 5 Mystic Tans for $69! Purchase any lotion over $75 and receive 5 FREE UV tans!
RT : Thanks- excited to be in LA! RT : Excited for evening with re: citizenship tonight!
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
I sound so ghetto on the internet.
I have no school on Monday. That means I can listen to #BOYFRIEND all day ;D <3
Oh. My. God. I've spent my entire afternoon messing with crap because I didn't check file permissions. It hurts me.
*hearts and hugs* to help you get through the weekend.
Whitlows Rooftop crowd control has improved, which leads me to believe the line outside has worsened.
i take a twitter break for like 2 weeks and i lost so many followers :(
I can not believe its almost 5 already....
I heard that like..half of the kids were gone..& why'd you leave early? :D
lol it's pretty cool i won't lie but I miss the people over there!!
that's sacred ground!! #rowofbricks...hope you kissed'um
I know what you did last summer ....
don't forget to hashtag #tdwed this week!
Ladies don't miss out, book your hair appointment for Thanksgiving! (813) 910-2770
Que Paso Amo?
everyone is asleep -.-
Feels so good to be eating healthy regularly again:-) work has calmed down so able to plan meals... Wahooo.
The books were remastered due to feedback on the first book. I hope u still enjoy my performance, tho it sounds different.
Now following ;)
what is 5x5??
Got #Datpiff on lock
I just woke up. Would have been so sad if I'd slept through the race!
this better pay off
Thanks for the follow! :)
Think we going to pullen park today
This game is over
lol finally you took a picture of yourself
Hey all you FAC Heads! Hope you had a terrific Tuesday!! Stop on by tomorrow and receive 4g eighths all day!
Well.....that was a quick weekend.
i'm glad that I finally got to see you too! #itsbeentoolong AND I get to red you wednesday?!
buttered baconed battered beer. Impressive
Thanks to organizers and attendees of #pubcampwest for making my first unconference worthwhile. Some great ideas there. #gorogue!
It's a beautiful day... sitting outside with a cup of tea, ridding the netbook of bloatware.
It's #LemonadeDay all over town. Get our there & support out young entrepreneurs. Sip & Smile :-)
RT : to know a girls never masturbated with toys makes me soo sad!D: lmaoo
exactly right!
for limited time every pair of guie shoes for $45 dlls! contact me at
Hope to see you and others in #foodtech at NYC Open Data Hackathon Sat 19 May.
Thank you. I am also following you.
I have an idea-- someone should do an Adele or Gotye cover!!
Volleyball at the hs tonight with :)
Watching Punk'd and is next. I'm so excited to see it!! :P
Good morning everyone
me i would love to
Cyber stalking some users in a pilot of a new product. Amazed at the bits they reveal on Facebook. Really helps me see into their world.
way.too.loud.
Happy Birthday Dr. King!! May we move ever forward toward being judged by the content of our character.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it. - Andrew Jackson
FOLLOW ME!
I know that Fashion Ave sets trends for the coming months nation wide but I'm not ready for waist high mom jeans to come back yet. Not sexy.
text me when you're up please. Love you!
#whyilovephilly ? well let us know, is it because #phillyhunt gives away prizes to our #awesome followers every week? RT
#Mariners beat the #Yankees 6-2.
me too, but although I use Instapaper and Pocket, I still have more open than I care to.
it was a good movie
I feel bad 4 all the pigs who feel pressured to fly- especially cause southwest def makes them get 2 seats
Hey it's Peyton I go to heritage idk if u member me
The Fay Kanin tribute on Wednesday at the Library of Congress' National Film Preservation Board dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton was fab.
At the bus stop!
BAMA - ROLL TIDE ROLL
Not a coincidence that I bowled my best game of we bowl in church.
RT : "We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
Happy Easter!
tweet tweet mother ducker!
guess I'll be the first to tweet you. Keep up the good work brothers
Well, I mean, that goes without saying.
Almost FRIEND TIME!
LOL! I went to the Soul Assassins studio yesterday & 1st thing I saw was your mag! It came in handy for some necessary rolling ;)
Urban Meyer headed to Columbus? rumors better be true...
They're magically delicious!
Its sum real life desprite girls in the world sad to b apart of yo life smh
is it yours
Called Canon tech support today & learned that my connection problem is probably due to XHA1 incompatibility with FireWire 800.
Bummer about no birthday weekend, but early June will be fun, too.
Not much, what are you up to?
chicago too...73 wednesday!
thanks God bless!
Tonight! We gets busy with guest dj @ LARGE . . .
Precisely why I love watching a batter work the count to a walk.
just saw he was in 8Mile the other day! Kim Bassinger's jerk bf. He was great in Take Shelter
The finals beard is coming in hot right now
Don't forget: FREE orchid arrangement with ANY chocolate purchase while supplies last @ The Chocolate Library. 111 St. Marks Place, NYC
i have a bag that says (music = life)
had to run win restore from safe mode command line, rebooting now
checking out some cool things I'd love to give a away on the show! Keep listening!
Lookin back on my old baby pictures and I was just the cutest little thing! Why did I have to grow up?
Presentation over. Going to catch up on some reading!!
hey ..... My artist has a song for you when you're back in the burgh!
Love a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
The GRiD 1101 is the grand-daddy of all modern-day laptops. It cost over $8000 in 1982.
RT Once you recognize your mistake, recommit to your diet and exercise program immediately.
Some people act alot different on twitter then they do in person.
#FF Please follow , a new non-proit to help people in need of medical equipment and supplies.
not necessarily a representation of the entire fanbase...
I gotta go, but I'll tweet you tomorrow! Bye
My perspective on sleep has changed. I realized I get up in 3 hours, & I thought "huh. not too bad, I'll go check 9gag for a while".
1 time 4 my Lord & Savior Jesus Christ! Can I getta aye mayne!!!
agreed! He's the best and most interesting speaker so far.
Lent Schment. Where is everybody? This has to be the slowest we've ever seen it...
75% of news exposure is content shared via email or social media
Hey miss the hacker xD
Advancing more and more EVERYDAY.
HAHA. i can't thank you enough!
that we are going to fuck shit up this summer....lol
Too early to be diplomatic with people who want to argue via email
The weekend couldn't have gotten here fast enough! Too bad I'm a sickface. :(
Wouldn't world's best security ploy be psuedo- coding. Imagine distraction/hrs spent decoding useless codes? History channel sparked thgt.
You are healed when you can say to yourself, I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.
I finna kick both ya asses.
Yea mun. I'mma keep them coming, at least before i head off in june.
i never see the word bean the same again. LOOL
Cool...I deleted the app maybe I should reconsider - it's everywhere now!!!
We used Patch Superstore (u can imagine URL) They were quick + good + have $ online. They all come from China these days.
okay thats fine
Heck of a competitor our QB is:)
Play your part, before I fuck with your heart.
Listening to zro still fuckin driving cuzz I gotta get to this money. Period.
I <3 sundays...get to lie around in my pj's, do nothing, and relax...sounds good to me:):)
jazz are better for sure!
aww thank u so much ♥ you are so nice :)
Hell Yea Bro
So nice out I love it
crater lake was cool. hi california! almost at weed, ca
Jesus loves me for the Bible tells me so.
u guys lost bad in p.e
All the peaches in the fucking world couldn't save that boring ass meeting. Jesus Fucking Christ. #fail 
My motivation for these classes are slowly getting worse and worse
Thank you. I look forward to knocking on a few doors for Kenyan. We seriously have to move forward as a ward.
glad they're functioning as brain food. Penal Colony is pretty painful. Hardee har.
I need names.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days! Reason #2 to join: Membership is just $10/month. Unbelievable value for only $10=NO-BRAINER!
Awesome. So you haven't ran into any issues with it?
Don't expect to profit from what you did not invest
To: Board of Education, So are we
RT : Craving a margarita or 2 from !!🍸
On top of that, I have no wine. This night BLOWS. *white girl voice*
Will you be flying? Or taking a cruise? Tell me where you are planning on visiting this summer.
Hahaha. It's the truth Gaw. Wait until tonight.
pop into your local #costco and grab a bag of sweet potato for your #superbowl party!! big bag for a big game!
ooh nice:-) haha that CD is my drive to work CD. Always can get into it :-)
Happy Easter Familia: Classes today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner Salsa; Intermediate
I will give $100 to anyone who wins a trophy at the karate championship, places in the dance competion, AND wins a raffle at
yes it is. college football baby! and Buffs on Saturday!
why is it i still love u, even when u broke my heart... u messed with my mind, and u tore my heart apart piece by piece. and i still love u
“: When you and your friend go shopping, and end up buying matching clothes.(:” tee hee
#Obama2012 Oh YES we are! Kyt :j
Is your interview with David Jay available to stream online if we missed it this morning?
Customers' reviews about products influence a new customers buying habits more than salespeople .... thanks
Internally bleeding with thoughts!!! 😳
3.I am not that tall.
LA makes me crave Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express....god I'm a fatass sometimes.
About to get more done to my tattoo :p
It was great to meet you too! Looking forward to hearing more of what you have to say!
Are you made of wheat grass and brewers yeast??
Watching Army of Darkness in Long Beach at the drive-in! Shop smart. Shop S-Mart.
Check out the Indie Rock Invitational tonight! www.gh-iri.com
Huge rise in advertising internship interest from students.
Nobody told me Peter Scolari was in HBO's Girls! Wanted to be him when I was a kid. Him and Ed McMahon. And Roger Healey.
21 jump street was awesome :)
That sucks! I'd try and get a refund and come back later. The movie's too good for front row.
- safe travels C U monday
Caution night ninjas around
want bocce partners?
yes i got to confirm my maternal instincts..my future baby is gonna have a great loving mommy
I don't like mix tape styled songs but I gotta tear up the 4 tears instrumental real quick ;)
Sandwich Artist at Subway says I look like his movement teacher Matt. I can only assume Matt is terrible at whatever movement teaching is.
If the #eruppionzone does what I think they're planning on doing then the game tonight is going to be awesome.
Today is a Busyy ass day, just sittin at the crib writing music all day.
haha we had a tornadoe funnel come thru and stil under a watch
I haven't got a new mention in 7 hours! /:
Lololol. True story.
you should have a contest for best homemade Pabst shirt.
usually don't cross that world with this, but figured that it was obscure enough that some1 would h e to be in the know to get it!
So board talking to my dog.
!st, the Bryn Mawr MilkBoy shop has new owners (this is a super good thing! J and I haven't given it much attention lately... #allbetter)
Only Theo I trust is Huxtable!!!
Me too! Let's plan for next week. RT : so happy I got to see you last night!
Interviewing for my Master's program this morning, nervous!
My gal , the ultimate Jewish girl has never heard of the term aryan race!?!? What the hell!
Always Love Ü!!(:
Up and can't sleep :(
Lol appreciate it RT : I know I'm late but this - Sin's Lap Dance is nice.
Let's get rid of our first edition Razr first.
unless you want to hear my dad bitching then come
great to meet you at #SParty !
#sxsw session on music copyright. Curious if it will be applicable to
Totally kicked up the epic mothafucka tonight #Seeepiez ☺
#CaptionContest Son... Are you sure you want "THIS" doggy for Christmas??..
Such a weird day! I think I'm being tested or something :(
Alex Golub on #peerreview: Is something less true because it's not spelt correctly? Do we really need huge, expensive conferences now?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but ugly is in the eye of everyone so
Amazing! RT : I don't attend elevation but #SunStandStill changed my life. 1 month reborn & loving it. Thank you!
What's the position (i.e. what type of skill sets required)?
I wonder when NBA players that have the same problems at teams start realizing that it's probably them?
just died my hair
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow!"
did you just retweet yourself?
Feeling any better this morning compared to yesterday?
Here's a link to Ellen's website to show her your talent and stuff! ellen.warnerbros.com/show/respond/?…
Moderating panel Is Hyperlocal Future of Media, or just Hype? at #SPJR9 conference.
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever. ~ Author Unknown
in july or augst mine is july 26 urs
Looking for something fun to do tonight. Anybody got any ideas?
i so agree...so full of hotair!!! Vote For Jeff! Vote for Jeff!!!
NICE! RT With the Penguins 5-3 win over the Sabres, the Bruins have officially clinched a berth in the playoffs.
Woo hooo! Thank you! What a blast :)
I;m not even a gun enthusiast and I love the show! can't wait for season two :-)
Imagine how I felt when my Mom joined. :)
Proud of my sister(: she's so smart #sisterlove ♥
ya dig!!
it's best not to pretend that nutella has nutritional value. Instead, just enjoy it for what it is - yummy :)
Actually, less is less
Good find- I thought GMT would have a copy for people to download, but glad you found this.
Hot chicks are really good at switching their FB profile pics
My room is disastrous
. Cool! We're on our way to Minneapolis to see Stephanie Miller, & at the Show!
Maybe you're lovable, maybe you're my snowflake
eat well :) follow please ???? XD
Ready for a couch nap. And food. Need to get surprises mon or tues.
im probally gonna cry if you see this!!!! hahahaha!!! CaNt wAiT fOr So LiStEn!!!!
#5DAYS until my bday YEAH BUDDY
I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time.
Going on my first training run after bruising my heel last Sunday. Hopefully it works well enough to continue training for upcoming half.
The creative juices are out now! Thanks for shaking them out earth
No go on Sean Parker Keynote...
thank you!♥
eh. Increase would be minimal. They would/should be running ads like this through the entire campaign on all sides
Free gas & groceries, 417-358-1250 see "welcome" at www.downow.info Join www.dowsite.info, I give 125 leads a week
1D is way better live than most famous people...
I use Dropbox. Love it!
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, - that is all. - Ode On A Grecian Urn by John Keats.
So! Yolo. Haha but just go for it, you can't really lose anything if you try.
Sabyloves Trade Offer - cabochons food
Feels terrible that I can't take to prom...
Got into the beta, finally! Seems very, very good so far.
I worked my ass off, in the end, I was too tired to find the energy I needed. Especially after a 4 hour english exam.
"7:30 and there's still no sign of my baby's blue limousine..."
I signed it
“And there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears. And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears.”
The weekend looks its best when your biggest worry is deciding not to worry about the list you prepared the night before.
U never know what u got until its gone... I really need my baby to come back home.
#FirstEdition #Election turnout expected to be LOW - the latest with #BrentWeisberg NEXT
#questionsihateanswering Who are you, and why are you in my bedroom?
Give a #lobbage. Throw out your garbage.
“: We won! MT : Congratulations ! DM us your mailing address. #HappierHours” YAYYYY!
That's great! Love Kids in the Hall :)
#GenHopeProject #AmericasNightofHope live at Nationals at 4pm Sunday 4/29 don't miss it Tickets available
I'm talkin the real deal...I MAY even be able to spring for a desert...Thatd have to be right on the 1st or the 15th though lol
ITS GON BE SUPER FLY BABY ! EVERYBODY GON BE DRINKIN KICK ASS JUICE ( 64 PACK OF COLT 45 BEERS) AND SMOKIN VAPOR LAXATIVES( BLACK AND MILDS)
Year of the Nomad is available now for free on the audio page of www.astralsubastral.com
" Get Back Up Again "
I wish I could see my boy on our 5 month anniversary! :( <3
I promise :)
- If you're inspired by the power of community, I'd love to get your thoughts on www.pandoprojects.org. We're a startup in NYC
Received. Will put it up at the bottom of the blog. Give me a minute.
Thanks for connecting!
NYC welcome to New York
#MadMen I forgot, is joan's baby daddy Sterling?
What is the important reason why clerical workers are not referred to as clerics anymore? Perhaps, we do not want to recognize their power.
LOL ": If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off."
I knew you havent hit the 2Mil mark...
I consider it an honor to have you follow me #VO #voice over
Cant sleep man dam..
told ya man! roller-coaster for awhile !!
Where I come from there's a preacher man in a cowboy shirt (:
No worries. I do like the song.
Ba ba ba ba what to do ah ha kill my bros! (just kidding!!)
Good luck!! :) Let me know how you get on!! xx
It's never ever too late :)
P: where are you going? A: to buy a gun. Lmfao that line was PRICELESS!
careful, you might get the feared rejection. You know how it goes ... nice body. shame about the fez.
Thanks for promoting my blog post today!
I need not fear my enemies because the most they can do is attack me. I need not fear my friends because the most they can do is
only to you
did you watch?
The best thing about having been a lacrosse player is that the sticks are a great tool for helping birds out of your home
Can't wait for later today!!:))
I never said there was anything wrong - I just said I can tell he went with the theory of change hash tag
so i tried these new jamba juice smoothie packets from costco. unbelievable! just add apple juice. quite a delicious, nutritious snack!!!
thank you for this.
Haha what freeway r u on? If ur on the 405, you might as well take a nap lol. Ur not going anywhere for an hour n a half
Off to rehearsal with mark ronson and MSB!
BAKE ME A CAKE. cc:
PROMOTING AMAZING TALENT EVERYDAY ALL DAY....
Hahaha, I know! We need to hang out again son!
hey whts up
": 35% of men have told lies to have sex, 10% of women have done the same." I think another 35% lied about lying.
We are going to do our video shoot on saturday!!
Just because life throws shit at you doesn't mean you have to wipe other people ass.
i agree. rev. 21 chapter 1
Well first get into the DFBC for a chance to get to Las Vegas and $100,000. Send me your USERID to play me!!!
-opens door & screams WHO NEEDS YA- xD
RT : Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours!
lmfaooo! Boy my feet are pretty cute!
;) RT : So excited to have seen former student now employed JESSE on train today :) That's my friend!!
that is the shadow from the light. Lol haha :)
Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred, then a thousand more. ~ Catullus
be safe in that trap hun!
ya I was about to get away from the video but then I was like "I'm gonna stick around to see if there's more jordan" :p
did the cops really come to the house last night?
Just discovered The Script on #spotify. I'm a fan! Lol. Good morning friends. Have a good Tuesday!
50% off towards pub fare at McBob's! Head over to www.crowdclick.com for to get your's!
Sale! www.leodys.com
RT "The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet." -- James Oppenheim (via )
I love that we're discussing !
The entire network is out at work yuck!
Are you referring to his *monoidal* parsing work? I've read a little about that but it's been a while.
what Taylor?
Great round today! Win this thing and I told my mother I'd finally get a haircut. Not as short as yours though.
Thanks! great to hear :)
lols I miss you.
WAY better
right now is the end of the month finals. The monthly top 4 are in the smash down for the monthly grand prize.
No, I just work at the school. It's a boarding program for kids w/ learning disabilities & has an active horse riding program
People say trans Europe express is their best album but I say any other #kraftwerk album is a better place to start. #autobahn rules btw.
Woo Skincare and Cosmetics (2339 Peachtree Road) having a Girl's Night Out on Thurs., Dec. 4, 4-8p. 10% off holiday gift items.
Thanks for joining. I see you are in SF - my favorite city.
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
wow, what an honor! Thank you Angie :D
(race car revving) (guitar blaring)
Hey are you and your parents doing anything later? Text me!
OH: I'm used to drinking out of a fire hose, but #drupalcon was like drinking Multnomah Falls.
I stress out too much.
Happy birthday bob
if you love MB follow
Women these days selling pussy, like it's a store!! lol
This is the most sore I have been in a LONG time.
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
RT : :( Indeed. RT No! We can't lose the Pro Bowl! That's my vacation! ;-(
I've learned my lesson from throwing anything from my binder away after i threw away a rough draft of my 3 page essay.. #:(
Thanks! Look forward to receiving your application.
I get to pick up my kitty cat today! Then I am taking income verification stuff to my new landlord...it's all working out.
two recording sessions yielded Relaxin', Steamin', Cookin', & Workin'. Now that's productive.
