you're not 21!
Go ! Hoping for a 2-0 win here.
Finished with my morning workouts now going to class than eat! And than more training and gym sessions
i just had to ask mark if you were messing with me, or if u really were a huge aishwarya rai fan..which would be awesome!
Just use my guestlist tonight tell them Travis Sosa!! nightclub for free admission! Only
hahaha nothing good can come from this combo of you two + rum runners
Perfectly legal in Maryland and contrary to popular belief, illegal in West Virginia & Tennessee.
you know that's his way of saying he loves you, & I heard she did lol
my friends think me n u look alike haha i think its kinda funny tho coz they only sayin that coz im from africa..nd ima big fan of u
This Fri, all you gorgeous ladies hit up for info about their casting call.
Grandma's near the end... This is the part I hate. Waiting while they appear to get worse. She's 90 so she's lived a long life.
shootout to
thanks for the #FF love. You both had some killer lists.
Clarke's Three Laws: 2) The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
loved it. Food was out of this world. A great #CraftBeer event keep em coming
Re-posting a lot of Stevie Wonder mixes tomorrow. I may throw in some personal ish I've included in a few jazz mixes too.
Yep, tons of work! you are right. People who think this is "easy" just don't any better, do they LOL (lots of work but very rewarding)
TRYNA. MAKE A MILLION OFF MY MUSIC ...#MozZy Boii
so great to finally meet you in person last night! Just remember--
Afternoon ppl!!!
Does he make the Curly "whoop whoop whoop" sound when it comes his way? RT : Brennan Boesch
The more you prepare, the luckier you appear
UK coach John Calipari on rumors he's going to the Knicks: "KY is the best job in basketball. No one's stealing our joy. I'm not leaving."
"she is totally a people chicken."
learning how to be gay!!!???
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
'Denver Union Station: Portal To Progress' & 'Virtual JFK ' start at Noon at #OldeTownStadium! Get there soon!
NACUA CEO: “: So happy to have many guests with us at the CLE workshop who are not #NACUA members. Welcome!”
you both look so pretty! (:
lol the world is going to end and your just glad your going to be 21!
ACCIDENT: Rt. 29 SB approaching the bypass - two vehicles involved expect delays.
Are you regularly including raw organic foods (veggies and fruits) in your diet? Creates more vibrant health & is thinning!
Hope #ITC12 got the promises in writing and will get some $ back
jus remember i wanna win! tnx :)
Come see Records perform live this Thursday at The Rex Theater in Pittsburgh. Contact us for tickets
"I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him." ~ unknown
LOL CAN I PLEASE BE ON MONEY FOR STRANGERS
"I'm not better than you I just work harder than you!" I'm here to motivate you! Cause if I can do it you can! Don't be mad be motivated!
Hey guys, i need more followers!! Xx lol xx
Find out how you can use OneNote to design PowerPoint presentation
I'm okay ... still adjusting to life in the Pacific Northwest! How are you?
The second pick in the #NFLdraft2012 the Washington #Redskins have selected Robert Griffin 3.
Poor guy. :l
Compared with non-alumnae, Girl Scout alumnae feel better about themselves.
Your face is weirder.
I like when you call me lil' mama.
Meaningless poll: Google or Bing?
Losers make excuses, winners make changes
Just landed UVA vs. VA Tech tickets. Gonna be a good one!
I'm good... loving life here in S.A.
We may put you to work! RT : I might not be making anything, but I'm super excited to shop !
I didn't even get to say hi to you guys wahhhhh 
Just finished making more mangopop sicles
BTW, what position do you play? I was a center back!
Send a Happy Mother's day to your Mom.
Excited for Giving Back Fund's Sports Philanthropy Summit in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood starting tonight!!
ah ok. Well I'll get that then. I'll message you through twitter when I do...which will be tomorrow haha
I love gia outfit
So jealous! Do they have a JC Penny line or something RT : Mary Kate and Ashley in my office today. Let the stalking begin...
-Won't be til later tonight. We'll give it then as long as it clears the boss!
nah worst still LMAO
How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN?
Milwaukee Police still on scene of deadly crash at 27th & St. Paul per
32 year-old woman murdered inside home 800 block W. Minnehaha. Suspect arrested in taxi.
Shannon Spake is a rocket.
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon .____. Damn sexy photo though..
For all my #UFC peeps on here, yay for #TheUltimateFighter tonight woo! #TeamCruz baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got my iPod back, I feel so depressed like why was I cursed with this mother? Well I have it till 9:00.
#YoGotti In The Building W/ #Thursday #Bodi Ladies FREE B4 11 #SEEUTHERE!
First #GenieFair2012 session I'm going to is titled Bureau of Naturalization Correspondence Files, 1906-1944.
Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it
Party time: Finishing up party guide feat. Nelly at , Wintervention at , Five/Ten at & more!
chicken nuggets, my fav! Hey Mickey, also another fav.
Thanks for connecting! Looking forward to somatic info/inspiration from your tweets!
Get it together Buggs. RT My new office manager is already sleeping on the job! twitpic.com/66lw3h
Nice work on mentioning bowling game, and how he hates to lose at anything
needs to get out today... needs to file taxes... needs to get groceries... gah! only wants to play pool or watch a movie.
I HATE when it does it, so fucking much
you're hot
👏👏RT : Misery loves Company.. and I declined the invitation.
the glaciers have moved
aye you wanna collab?
I'd love to see the chargers come out to Peace Train or Franklins Tower. That would really intimidate the opposing team.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ♥ 7
it's hot in the #optics field.
Thanks! Glad you like it!
Cliché the end is near, cliché the end is near
Retweet if you wish there was a room where you could go & find all the stuff you once lost?
blunts&bottles&rents&ratchetness
so wait,you left the western conference because you got rolled on in the 1st round every season. now NY to get mega rolled?
Working till our eyes can't open. We really bout that
Thanks for follow.
that's what I said. Rick and hard spot ;)
Surprise surprise we on da way
UH I do!
As an artist/business owner there are ideas & tasks I need to complete w/ out distraction. I can't always text back.. get over it. :-)
Say goodbye to Texas
So true! RT : RT : No vision, no brand. Something will fill the vacuum.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others.
if that makes you feel better
nothing but lightning and thunder over here. Windy in every direction today.
it really is.
Beautiful Day
Im sick af
...hands up and touch the sky... <cos I just got the LAST good parking spot...yes I did...oh snap>
your nest is temporarily the best!
Brandon Bass is okay
then This is how you bring on the weekend. What? I have to be up at 8am? Shit.
Everyone just looks so ~cute~ for mothers day
Newt Gingrich tells Chris Wallace to quit the "Mickey Mouse" questions about his record and ask candidates about ideas.
Awesome. Looking forward to it.
Oh night of nights, wilt thou bring a dream of dreams to me?
Watching Once Upon a Time with Viggle Sun | 8PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#iWishYouKnew I Really, REALLY Like You But Im Too Shy to Tell You
what a weekend! now back to our regularly scheduled awesomeness
That's GREAT! The LC experience prepares our students well for UVA Grad School and whatever life brings! Congrats!!!
I have the bestest boyfriend in the world <3
I look at Lady GaGa then and now. Lol her ass has changed ALOT since "Just Dance" wtf happened?
Jeremy York of on future of research libraries.
Dudes my favorite boxer been following him for years! After the 17th Frankie you will be my second favorite.
no college
Interim Chief Gary Croucher and CAL FIRE chief Thom Porter on Troubles at the San Miguel Fire District
Spanish red wine: Temparanillo de Rioja es la sangre de mi vida. It just makes my whole soul tingle with how much I miss Spain.
Hey Back at'cha!
We're at UN Plaza today with Off the Grid. 11-2pm, 7th and Market
I ate 7 hot dogs yesterday! I just couldn't stop myself. When's the last time you pigged out? -
Where I wanna be.
thats rude bro
My #fridayreads is Douglas Glover's ATTACK OF THE COPULA SPIDERS: ESSAYS ON WRITING. Useful and illuminating. What are you reading?
Up can't sleep have a lot on my mind.
Getting ready for my DC trip on Wed. I can hardly wait to kick off Capitol Hill Day "Diversity and Inclusion Fuels Innovation in STEM"
Ha! I don't care enough. He's a nut!
#SHOLDERSHINE TREND IT.....!! its #1 IN THE WORLD AH!
so honored for the mention and compliments! Sorry I haven't blogged much lately, working on my PhD app.Sorry don't know Susan.
ugh.. Internet Explorer.
Please. The learning-is-for-professionalization in it is hurting my feelings.
You too! RT : pleasure to tweet ya!
Were you driving in a theoritical world again? I hate when that happens :)
you three are worse than a bunch of dudes lmao
"What will happen to the least of us will happen to all of us..Equity is at the center of our name because it is at the center of our work."
eww not cake though! Cake is horrible :P you need to go out in style. Peanut M&M's the whole way! Go down smiling :P
Hi hb All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#ThatOneEx who doesn't go away
i feelin good good night bitches
thanks! Had a great 1st tennis match of the season can't wait for more!!!
(1/2) I'd agree with that. No matter what you say, you're bound to offend someone.
literal translation:
Welcome #2012! Time to get to work - those resolutions aren't going to resolve themselves!
Oops... Just looked at my texts for today... Forgot about my lunch date today. He's so not going to believe me, but I really did.
yee buddy(; lmfao. What's your name? I'm talking to you & I don't even know your name xD FAIL.
“ i could write a book about how gymnastics has impacted my life and shaped my future. ”
#History is not the whole picture! We had 3 healthy kids & were #SHOCKED 2 learn our 4th has #CysticFibrosis bc we didnt know we R carriers!
LOL I'm not tired, watchin the best of will ferrell on netflix, dude is the man haha
Getting ready to go to the dance! im going to look
Ah. A fellow enthusiast. I'm a huge fan of Vaudeville.
This is crazy !
Ghost town in the office today. Did somebody forget to invite me to a funding party?
You know you love me, I know you care, just shout whenever and i'll be there, you want my love, you want my heart and we would never ever...
It's funny how my hair looks healthier after I bleach it.
Busy Busy Busy weekend ahead. Party tonight, Easter dinner (party) tomorrow, Sunday I'm on a boat! Let's hope my liver can take all of this.
what are we doing?
despite the monsoon occuring outside, I'm still excited for Oysterfest tonight!
what a bitch. Moustakas should have kicked his ass
In the process of getting pink and teal highlights... hopefully my family will still love me
you're a musical genius
i hope it crash
Buying domain names like big, ten-dollar Snickers bars.
I hate it when the person I facebook stalk never updates anything.
Just landed in Chicago for ALA Exeb Board Srping Meeting. Excited to get to work with excellent coleagues again. Rdy to drink coffee galore!
My legs are all cut up cause of this big ass bike <
How much have you drank today?
"Country girl shake it for me" is on the radio. I love this song. I can always channel Michelle Bartlett (from #9thspacecalvary). It's her
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. ~ Sammy Davis, Jr.
Styck in trafiic on ptree headed to class. Ugh!
Sometimes all I need is a hug <|3
Anyone know any good music to download? Need to update my iTunes
Always having to learn your lessons the hard way!!
that is definitely something I'd bet on - books won't go away. We won't let them! :-)
I dont like my feet being touched!
“ Where is this guy ”haf watchin space jam
You deserve it..I got you
lost me ctfu
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
we should chase rabbits sometime!
Why is it so hard for me to let u go. Gotta give it to god!
60 people standing, sitting, leaning at Saltmarsh's IA session. . seeking to learn if we're changing higher education.
At SXSW? - see us at trade show booth #1544 to chat careers and jobs w/
love on top brought u back??
Off to a car dealership.
Dirty diana
I just saw you on GMA. What?! It's like Forrest Gump in the city - who has that kind of luck?
lol I know just messin with ya fellas
That's the best example in modern ball -- well chosen! (Still plays tough teams from other conferences, but yes, you're quite right)
#armoryweek #artist Shack is a graduate of the Ontario College of Art in Toronto w/ courses in painting and printmaking.
Is that Morgan ol ass Lmao
51° on February 6. An unbelievable thing!
Round two for filming my short film!
Maybe I'm not checking enough. Or I need to put them in a real calendar. Either way, I can't remember them.
Thank you for the follow---congratulations on your show!
- I have my grandson signed up for camp June 20-24. How do we get the STH discount?
Nice to meet you :) Happy Halloween!
Haha me too :)
Wanna know what *I'll* be watching at 9EST? My dude giving the business 'bout that lame interview w/RZJr.
J'ai froid :R
Right on cuzz i appreicate it!!>>>> : drink away the pain" hot track I see you."
That didn't take #philmichelson to start choking at
Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT patient & family conference SATURDAY in Washington DC. Folo live tweets here and More info at cmtausa.org
#improvisation for nonet, 3 minutes per hand, deal a card to each player indicating how many seconds of sound, jokers wild, aces low
Christmas in January? Thanks for finally releasing and sending my e Pad Transformer Prime!
Get your VIP Card for Only $15 this Month. Call Today to Join 619.226.1121
The people who say they the realist are usually the fakest people behind closed doors .
Likewise, buddy!
Hi , looking forward to getting to know you and the NWG team! I am looking forward to working with you!
Achievement seems to be connected with action.
no prob and not much bro wby ?
Hopes the saints make it back to the super bowl this Year
..lol ware they do dat at
Time to take down the tree
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: End of the year is a perfect time to review estate plans so that your end of life transition goes smoothly.
#Pacquiao fight. My house! Bring somethin to eat or drink! Lol
oh thats so creative! I love photography too! :D
I am elbow deep in Quakers. How did this even happen?!
haha we are going to be bad news bears tomorrow!
that's awesome!!
haha I miss u guys, and bsu, u gettin kinda busy now for finals?
I want you, San Francisco
going to sleep happy 😊👍
Waiting to hear if I have to fly to Mexico this weekend to shoot a commercial!
lol I had to turn it when dr.p's wife sad, I DO NOT SAY NO! If I have to, I'll say N-O....please
laying in bed.. bored
Check out my Newest video on www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
I love you.Im not going anywhere 💗💋
Today is #FollowFriday! Help us gain followers by retweeting & favoriting this tweet!
I often feel like that too ...
Seems #railsconf should have taken a poll on likely attendees; seems salon J is way more packed than larger H
so good
pretty good! I missed the show last night, seeing you on the stream reminded me yesterday was monday! LOL
you did a great job up there Lauren!
Parker's bday present? RT: ": A lock of Justin Bieber's hair sold for $40,668 in a charity sale on Ebay."
I saw that as an explanation, not a backing off. The question was clearly framed as speaking for edit board tradition.
Lol Adam schefter said Peyton wasn't under scrutiny in Knoxville when playing for the Vols. he obviously underestimates SEC fans
Holiday trivia: What toy delivers the star to the top of the tree in the 1933 film The Night Before Christmas?
Aww thanks! Only two days late :)
DEEP IN THOUGHT
puppies? Just take one puppy! Lol
Would you wear pants is the real question.
#NY Times Editor and author of the book The Obamas #Jodi Kantor is my guest Sunday. Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
The sun will come out, tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar...
Tamara's 5:30 am yoga class is one of the best ways to start your day … wish she had more classes! ( )
well I'm at school right now! I'm in study hall where I'm not doing anything
Hey, My balls are dangerously dry. Please suck them.
Your father must be disappointed that you have such a potty mouth. I'm saving this conversation for my records.
Ugh I wanna see him
Check out our closeout deals. W.yeldahgoods.com
Thanks for the RT!
I know. i was messin with you! plus if u did I would have had to Dawg you for old time sake!!! lolol
Open House Week! We are open to the public all week so grab a friend and come get started! (Must be 18 or with a legal guardian, please...
i love <33333
Awesome ": idk...i have a strict rule... Probably ;)"
me RT : My followers >
I guess I'm goin to axis.
Don't bother with Vista at this point. Either stick with XP or install the beta for Win7.
Thank You It's been a while I thank you for your help XO
Cudahy police are preparing for evacuation of the area within one mile of the Patrick Cudahy plant. Not happening yet, but planning.
I've asked about you and they told me things that my mind wouldn't change.
you write like one
Congrats to Eli and his two MVPs, but Peyton will always be the better QB. He changed the way the position is played. That's greatness.
Following you online. You're playing great. Good Luck
sweet, but you gotta lose that motion w. Bucky needs the block w
Thanks for the follow, Luther!
Need measures in place to ensure that community colleges don't sacrifice equity by getting qualified students
Sold out!!! Zombie brewery is still pouring its delectable brews :d :D
I'm liable to drive the old 73 Mustang just to put more crap in the air if they start charging "usage fees".
Oh man.
Sad truthRT Tell a girl shes beautiful a million times& she doesnt believe you. But call her ugly once& she never forgets it!
Sleepy, headache, backache, perhaps from an alcohol- and fun-filled time with , proving that "grown-ups" can, in fact, party
yeah, he makes me want to 🔫 myself and make me 👐 myself in front of a 🚌
Off to get my costume all set up! Hope everyone has a fun & safe Halloweekend -- see you Monday xoxo
today will go down in my history too if you follow me(: Then you reached 200k Mahomies, got 3 TTs and followed me
I'm going to test myself. One week without spending any money. Let's see how many days that will last.
How tall is Barea.
a good kind of numb
What's everyone doing for exercise today? I'm thinking of taking a walk. It's not much, but it's better than nothing, right?
HiHi! Im Amy (:
I buy 5 kg bags of 36% Caramelia, kilos of nibs... I think it's more an addiction.
People love charts! My #fav is
sneezing is so painful when there is a baby inside of you.
yeah then i wouldnt hear it cause i live in florida in the us lol
Yes-- I think the sci teacher is looking for no muss/fuss. Like a form where you can input the data and bingo! Does that exist?
We're travelling for our wedding & forgot our base station! Is there any way we can order one and have it sent where we're staying?
Watchingg ! I just want them to get to the bottom of this! Who's A?!!!!!
My seminar class <<<
I am DEAD serious… They were awful. You could tell they were scared...
Not teaching tonight. Jarrett is SO generously subbing, please hug her profusely. Ill be keeping my snot to myself. thank you.
Thanks for writing it! Thanks for RTing the article on #NoGOODdeed #FF to good artists&sites!
I heard Marge Simpson ate a baby on the cover of a magazine.
nice work Ted! Throw 1 minute of running in there every 4 minutes and you'll double (or more) that calorie burn!
My brother just died I think...
I dont think he gets nekkid but I think at least shirtless. Its def. worth it lol
any update on when we'll see money from for October plays?
You forgot to mention he can't shoot worth a damn...
No...you're not getting a $100...I forgot to put the "d" in front of a message to my daughter. Chill.
Rolling to Prom solo:/
hello! Do I know u?
OMFG. TAYLOR SWIFT AND ED SHEERAN? TOGETHER? HOLY FUCKING SHIT! IF THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER, I WILL CRY. GOD BLESS THESE LEGENDS
You ain't down bye bitch
Remember me? :D
Thanks for the retweet!
? ...have you been ignoring me?
did they win?
When I grow up, I want to be a walk-on starting RB.
Not even the weekend, only Thursday.
going out soon seeing what to do.
your 1-sentence pitch video was really helpful. it led us to start including sponsors in our focus now too. thanks!
dear , I hit my computer and it almost cracked. thanks -.- sincerly, I really though there was a fly there :/
I might
LMAO reunite woodson + JJ + add melo? they'll set all kinds of records for isolation plays
yes...already girding for this weekend's onslaught. xox
I'll be sure to bring this up when the old alumni association calls asking for donations #hire john pelphrey
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! :) love you have a good day!
Sleepcomesdown is playing the Cascio Stage at Summerfest tonight (July 1st) at 6:00. Get there if you can.
How is beyonce due any day when she said she was due in February... Sound like some Phaedra math to me
lmao shutup I need more followers :[
Hey, it was fun meeting you both last night, & you had a good time with us all. Hope to see you again soon. Niall
Congratulations Shelia Jackson and Stephen Whitburn on the dual-endorsement from Mesa College Democrats.
Don't forget to purchase your tickets for this weekend, three performances with Donald Davis and Carmen Agra Deedy, www.storytellingarts.org
only one word to describe this #springbreak weather
You're welcome!
Definitely GO! Two of my favorite cities in Europe. Both are amazing and a lot of fun
Just dont leave me out.. I want to be a part of u too.
You're more than welcome to come hold my hand :)
Vormetric Supports Hardware-Based Encryption Acceleration Technology from Intel
I hope Bloomington is ready for me tonight :)
Tzday was good, workin' on wednesday's opps. And, I know YOU are crankin' the success lever.
Time is precious, don't waste it on bullshit or "bullshitters"
We are 5 rows behind the Cavs bench
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have. - Andy Warhol
thank you for being a loving man who lives as he educates.
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love
Go Jay and Belle. Now I kind of wish that I had . . .
You really do eat there all the time.... #socool haha
Minus the vandalism, raping in tents, pooping in police cars and wanting others' money, I'm sure #Occupy does represent 99% of us
radical - done & done.
I think I have a stalker
Tonight the night baby! Let's get it in where it fits in......:-D
thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely
Ah so I'd have to treat u to lunch for a good story? Since I no longer get them vía blog.
nigga that's like 4 years ago
no they are talking about government. So they are seniors
Take care and appreciate me now because one day I'll be gone
OMG we shall go. What's the nearest beach near you?
"Your trance of love is seeking to turn this world around." ::jars of clay::fade to grey::
Cool, cool We still friends?!
Wow... didn't know Google Wave was ready to play with? Do you have to be on a beta list or something?
You can't say that today!!..
are you leading me to a murder?
On our list tonight
California dreaming.....
college should be free .
you are very welcome!
I'm glad we finally got to hang out 😘😘
Turned out to be a short night, but I can't say I'm any less tired. I'm ready 4 bed! I'm glad I get to chill tomorrow with
The 3 y/o is laughing hysterically. The 5 y/o is on the ground. He says running into a wall hurt more than running into the tree.
Maybe! I think the implication of 's point is that we can integrate kinds of storytelling that are ...
#thingsimiss - Waffle House. it's a trending 2fer!
I am glad I did not have any plans this weekend, because Irene has invited herself over.
shirts will be back in a couple days my nig!
great show last night in SF #brookstribelovin !!!! What is Clinton's last name ?
Sounds like somebody has a case of the MeBeingMeMondays
Ha! Ruthless.
you guys are going on tour! When are you coming home to America?
I Heard 2day some company is trying to bring you down but Timmy - Matthew 5:10! #blessed God Bless and good luck in New York!
...and the familiar
no thnx u how u doin??
confused af , did the lakers win or the thunder?.
Love and appreciate your parents. We are often so busy growing up, we forget they are also growing old.
:D lol “: filipinos have such awful diet fare. hahaha we love to eat the worst things possible. =D”
I wanna start a new generation of hippies!!!!! :-)
Guess I'll change my picture tomorrow
Maybe today will be your day! Or better yet, Friday when it's front row!
Im practically crying right now.
Getting ready for the next #fourpeaks salon, and the sun came out - must be a sign!
of course!
We are completing the final proposal for The Argidius Foundation for the Mali Small Business Investment and training program
I'm going to relieve you from your clothes.
715 MB of 774 MB... I can't wait any longer!
Thank you for the share
Good afternoon every one. Worked 7am to 1pm today. I also gave my two week notice today. Can't waite to start my new job.
WHAT IS THE ORACLE? The Wizard of OZ comes 2 Fremont 10.23.09 4 unveiling of the nwst & lrgst interactive art installation in Seattle.
awesome, it won't be too long now.
"Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing." - Leo Buscaglia
This winter is going to great..lots going on.
LOL! Absolutely hilarious comment. Well played.
dude u do a great job just keep digging and getting us what u can, yea sometimes ull miss but that's sports
Seriously ladies make themselves look so ugly with all of the cursing on here.
I'm hoping this sinus congestion goes away before I get on the plane today.
What is the reason behind NBC's using of pink paper?
My vote for best good bad movie goes to Road House. Thoughts?
hahaha bitches crack me up .
Dwight Howard apoligizes to for "Circus and vowed to be better going forward. For what the next 13 hrs 20 min b4 ship sails?
Fuck to the yes!!
I put that dur on evrthang!!
You honestly think you're better than everyone else, don't you?
Where u going?
was trying to star it but I accidentally replyed
Everyone takes smoke breaks while I eat cookies and milk.
you look like a doll
On May 17, at 12 noon EDT, unglue.it will launch its first set of campaigns. CONGRATULATIONS!
itss out with the old. and in with the new (:
I wanna cry of how tired I am. I've worked 60 hours in 5 days and I'm about to have a breakdown. :'(
So the mini is Saturday and my shoes are crap. Is it better to get shoes now and risk blisters or stay with my old shoes through the race?
wish me luck
grrr. This year's schedule is the bane of my existence. I'm calling the schools now to let them know & will be in touch tomorrow
#monks2012 let's call a cab now and arrange for pick up from convention center
End of the week.Very productive with Friday to go.My son is hoopin later.Looking forward to watching him play.Enjoy your day
I so just heard a christian girl say I cant belive it jesus christ whoops pardon my french
Here here. They are "meh" at best. I can appreciate them in a historical way, I guess.
but their so topical!!
Karma is a bitch eh Belechik?
Oh, thanks - I misunderstood!
Thanks for the RT!
Just checked out interview with Alex Jones. Powerful info.
OF COURSE! Thanks.
I don't know about anyone else but I'm never tired on Mondays..lol
Never dull your shine for somebody else. ~ Tyra Banks
Can u please follow me? Please Would really make my night (:
Please follow me so I can respond to ur mes. thx
Maui Health Explosion on Sat, July 9, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. We'll have lots of entertainment, and a variety of health organizations
Of course, it was beautiful! Eggstraordinary.
if you can give a speech or even host an event at a fair or something where you have to talk in front of people then do it!
"When you care about somebody, you gotta do what's best for them... even if it sucks for you."
Excuses are for losers
You gotta give respect to get it
hahaha im kiddin i just didnt have enough space to make sure you knew that haha fucking jew twitter
I'm now officially certified to be a substitute teacher. The things I do to support my acting career.
hi! miss u! what have you been up to?
I probably just killed my dogs lungs with spray paint.
I'm doing well, thanks for asking; how are you, and did you have a nice Easter?
what you guys are doing today sounds amazing!
Once again is hosting today at the United Center. Grab your tickets now by calling us at: 888-493-0004
#HUNTERS + = PERFECT BABIES
The day of July 4t h would be awesome. Its a Wed so more people will probably be in town than usual.
Gears 3 was really fun tonight. Shotgun roll shotgun roll shotgun roll.
its ok, it'll go by fast!
2 many dogs!!!!
there's still a couple hours until my birthday ends(: you still have time to tweet me<3
Spending my weekend in the gym! Houston Hoops v D Gib Hoops as we speak - #Adidas Sweet 16
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe having a party is deff the easiest way to make bank
Thanks for the follows. I laughed about your Zamboni fume inhalant issue with those hockey boys. Funny.
May I make a tweet-fession? I *still* have not been able to watch CANDYMAN. It was to scary to me as a kid!
Headaches during the first few days of #HCG P2 may be from caffeine/sugar withdraws. Plain aspirin is ur best option.
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5-Wed June 9 Open til 2am! Study Study Study
thats a quality word! really happy about that
Sheila E. killed last night on Letterman. Can't wait to see Roy Haynes play tonight!
I have to go take care of my grammy for a few hours tonight and sarah's at work. she gets out at like 11 and i should be
You've found the right place - We will handle your issue quickly and efficiently. We offer full service Dell Streak Tablet Repair
How nice, a man asked if I was in the military because I had nice posture. WTF
Friday flashback jam: The Sundays - "Here's Where The Story Ends"
Trop smoothie with the team
Have to be up rather early to drive to Rochester to drop Wiki off at airport and pick mom up.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (ke0qv)
Mediocrity is easy. Excellence takes work! - DM
Great rehearsal tonite!!!!
Bucks need to win tonight
Am I missing something? You transferred your 7"s...to 12"s?
I hope people realize that it shouldn't take one day for someone to appreciate their mother.
Great class with #JonathanSilver. Stay in trouble in the present not in the future.
'84 was mine. Block letters down the side!
It's just not the same! :(
Yyyyyyyeeeeeesssssss wit ha rollin up air ass RT : ROBERTS
#lost an air strip!?
“: throwin down beats anywhere tonight?” Yes sir! I'll be downstairs at Lunar/Launch tonight!! Stop by!
Happy Birthday! Enjoy your blessings! : )
glad you have time to BITCH ALL THE FUCKING TIME.
Yo check out these snapback caps ! bureau.storenvy.com
2216- hey gurl we dont talk anymore:( and i wish u would come back! Tweet me! Love u
Ah, the 6:30am (CST) train back to Chicago.... my favorite.
this is me
good read, thanks for sharing!
I like my lyrics better ☺
You're just a nice, law-abiding citizen!
Come join the YMCA! RT : Needs to work on my fitness ASAP!
Facebook is explaining group chat like they invented it.
im thinking about it
Watched Fabrice Muamba collapse during game. Wishing him and family best. Horrific scene, handled so well by
you coming threw?
RT : #TeamFollowBack RETWEET for a free follow! FOLLOW for instant follow-back!! <--- FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUTS
OPENINGS Interested in applying to the San Jose Bike & Ped Adv. Comm? U may request an app by sending an email to .
-- I hope to God Running Waves 1 doesn't chime in, with his assured million strong following. & as a #Pats fan?
it feels good to talk about frustrations haha xD
ain nun wrong with a queef, it just won't do you too much good in a zombie apocalypse.
lol..ok we don't agree w/ nba teams but college bball we're together
May the forth be with you! Tomorrow during #Mifflin2012 don't turn to the dark side, follow the rules and have fun!
D A M N!!! That Boy Lil Chris Go H.A.M I Had To Repeat That Shit...
Thanks for all the RT's and Twitter love! Hope to be back in #TheBean this summer :-)
First come, first served basis, you know Hov' be going to nice places.
Google Don Dewsnap...it would favor you to read his works. Let's help spread quality.
Well played God, well played....
yeah you actually look descent in that one
not enough space on twitter; the defamation clause of both - applied to 's platform - continues. You & others convicted..
cannot stop listening to "Both Of Us"
New album out! Must buy - W.A.R. ! Crazy poison tip arrows are hittin you from all directions !
of course! Glad you enjoy it!
LA is in another universe in so many ways huh?
Boy I luv u like crazy 🎀💗
Sometimes, you just need a word.
We are available for catering...office meetings,weddings and rehersal dinners,sports banquets,reunions etc just give us a call 615-975-2989
Saints are sinners who kept on going.
Cannot. Figure. This. Out. Twidroid
Great, thanks! Excellent 90s hip hop bash on Friday, followed by several superb coffees and the Queen's well-timed birthday parade.
Who thought it was a good idea for Ozzie Guillen to have a news conference tomorrow?
Let's play a game Trending Topic #IRepForMyState My State is New York So If You From NewYork (Retweet) if not Rep Your State
your nina needs a birthday list! Xoxox
Then I guess you and I have some big ol' ballsies then!
i hate it when im hungry ass hell but the spot on my bed is so comfortable that im like fuck food lol
Worked easter. Worked yesterday. Work today. Work tomorrow. Work oaks. Work derby. Fair.
Next presenters were totally gratuitous and way over time limit. Not nice to other presenters. Ever.
Twitter profiles all describe heroic creative types. Where are the unemployed guys living in their parents' spare room? They don't tweet?
I am NOT in love with Judas
I wish I had a pedometer to see how many miles I walked at #ExtremeThing. It had to at least be a 5K to balance out the deep fried Twinkie.
My dad is living in California.I lived in England also.My mom has a company thats huge:]
what drugs did they overdose with?
there is a bar in the city that has a beer called Hell or high watermelon and it is super delicious.
My Gaysian male co-worker just told a client that he'd "like to move" to Alabama. Did I mention that he's Gay & Asian?
HolyCowballs!!! rowdy rowdy Sara must of been some good Shit!!! huh
office pool for the #lottery. i put in 2%, lol
There really are some enticing jobs at the MLA Placement Services desk!
every1 wants a piece of pie! RT : That's it! I am inserting you as one of my freelance mgmt gigs on linkedin!
I wonder what lookin like right now
Wow just got cole in my stoking Jk
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'- Sydney Harris
My friend starts school earlier than us. #JustSayin'. (:o
Look out for The Black Media Plug in 2012!! We are expanding our brand!! And of course, keeping our readers PLUGGED IN!
SNOW!!!! Havent had snow for 2 years.Wish I lived in Minnosota so i could see snow almost evry day
Almost @ the point of no return
aww man no movies :(
A 2011 in review promo and IDs just got added!
In honor of this week's Varsity Movie: Are you Team Edward or Team Jacob?
yes you do!
"God doesn't give up on u, so why should u give up on him"
According to our Breaking News e-mail, Leslie Fram is going to CMT as SVP of Music Strategy!
Thanks! What a great temporary diversion from cataloging!
Need a new song to learn on bass. Something challenging but not impossible. Hit me up with something good.
One of the simplest ways to train a dog is by using something he wants – like a treat or a toy
Are you going to #IBS2012? Let us know!
Thanks so much. I know the CD thing is maddening but I suppose u have to play the game. Sigh. :-)
Once you've understood the world through the lens of a real-time 3D interactive network....you never want to go back to powerpoint and excel
Believing in art itself, and the proper expression of emotions, was the most sublime thing in the world.
At 8:00 told me he was drinking. At 9:00 he swears he saw a ghost. Must be some good liquor!
good question
It's amazing to see the growth we are experiencing!
“: If the conversation ain't about money then I ain't listenin... $O”
That was an interesting throw.
Goin to bed sad :/
When I was #InMiddleSchool I was
Thanks to you both!
I wonder who burned Tyler Perry studio
Definitely try the Stone Arch books. If you DM your email, I can send you a list.
#InCaseWeDie , Someone needs to take me to Australia. Good aye mate ;)
I WAKE UP 2 BREAKFAST N DATS BLUNT ROLED COUNTING MONEY FROM LASTNITE DATS A NICE TOTAL N IF U NIGGAZ GET STUPID I JUST MITE FOLD U
Yeah, and the pictograms aren't much help.
was me here!!!! I swear that girl is going to be famous!
Happy Sunday & Give Thanks 4 Life is Blessing. ♥
Ouch! Feel better!
Dez w/o question. Great quote from Mike Francessa on Bryant last year: "He looks like he's from Mars."
East Coast Will - What's happening in the sky over there?
Are you counting down the days till Oxford?
but any whoo you found me lol!
If you knew better, you'd do better
What's your plan for this gorgeous sunny day? We open at 4pm!
Still time to get to Lestats for is up now.
This weekend!!! Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX on Friday (8:30pm) & Evangeline Cafe in Austin on Saturday (10pm). Hope to see y'all!!
come outside
I still think your crazier then me
Everybody's at war with different things, I'm at war with my own heart sometimes
I'll agree the command & control leadership style should be dead, but how come there are so many examples of it still around?
Far away lol
you've got plenty of time to save up for Qatar!
Old, awkward men. RT : is it me or is this press conference just all kinds of awkwardness
#steelernation HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO! LOVE YA!
"Man, I LOVED Family Ties as a kid! I am SO excited!" Or, better yet, spread the rumor that Wil is ALF's love child!
Bears aren't really my thing. But by all means, y'all have fun!
#WOW I could see Kobe doin' that. Adelman will get revenge in the end
except not? Lol
feel free to send it my way too! i'm in tonight
downtown at 4 then back to the crib for the Spurs game then the fight!!! Gonna be a good day!! Happy Cinco de Drinco!!'n
Chris Parnell sure gets a lot of commercial / voice over work.
Going to bed. I've come to terms with the fact that I will never, ever, catch up.
sounds like a win
No. He's like a big bobblehead.
#ufprchat q1 study up on crisis PR and get ready to be disliked by the public, but loved by entertainment media and gossip columns.
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. - Carl Jung - thanks to Anita for sharing this one.
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Why do I feel hungover almost every morning...even when I don't drink?
Movie Review: Lockout Proves Just How Out of This World Space Prison Really Is Review in a Hurry: In the future, the U.S. has built the u
has any player made that choice in the past? As 'sheed would say CTC.
- you're amazing...please send me a direct message. :)
If you're at the #ASC11 meeting ,make sure to stop by the book exhibit and say hello to !
my campaign this year for class officer>>>
RT : Nice to know you fucked around.
amen to that!
Any idea when we can expect Sucaba in Chicago? Looking forward to this year's batch.
Made another account today. Go follow it plzzzz. >>>> ;)
Thanks for the follow
Gluten free vs. Atkins?
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course. Learning code from scratch.
so sad you guys are closing shop! Another local business I love gone... :-(
ok ok ok im fuckin with you.....i gotta wait til u get back from your trip to come out there anyways fool
I forgot how old I was today. That was a weird feeling.
Just saw walked passed me with some food. It's like clock work up here. #AlwaysGrubbin lol
Morning twitter ;)
Have fun on your cruise!!!
what are you recording?
lmfao o:) <3 but I cried so hard.
Yeah talking shit only when you're with your friends is so cool.
Guilty Verdicts In PHONY Clooney Clothing Scandal
So glad you're remenicing on how we met after standing me up. :-*
Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card. (The "games" part of this is pure coincidence.) It's delicious, science fiction goodness.
Ah. Well, I guess that's the danger of having to cram info into 140 characters. Did you watch it, or had you seen it before?
your very welcome :D Hahaha yeah I'm pretty random (:
checking to see if we have more orders for today!
Watching The Proposal..... love this movie!
Note to Tracy Morgan: waiting for your P.S.A.!
Justice for all
seriously got a waterproof jacket too
I can't wait to see my Grandma <3
Nature Photography traveled to the today, getting the iMax experience.
#vegasroast about to get crazy!!!
Where receivers go to die...NYJETS..
what''s wrong!??
3 minute diversion to play fetch with the dog ... only way to get peace ... who's in charge here, anyway?
Thank you so much for your very kind words of support. We also feel truly blessed to be working with & in the 7th!
hey thanks for following! just read through some of your site - great content! the city needs more music fans like you :)
#MirandaTo3000 go follow ! love her tweets! (:
I keep trying to turn pages on my Kindle by grabbing the top corner like it's a book! Ha!
Getting my hair done... four hours into it now, for my CLOSE UP on TV FRIDAY in Beverly Hills, promoting Wings Of Love's mission!
Jealous. I get to stay here and be fat RT : My friends are coming up next weekend! Time to crash diet.
As long as you're getting laid over -- when ya coming back to Wisconsin?
I watched Finale last night. Pissed CT didn't win. By far my favorite vet.
Why do I have to click "Close" on this #newtwitter banner every time I log in? it's getting
When can we expect the new slices in Virginia Whole Foods?
O my gaw you just made my night 100% better! I love you!(:
I would love to hear from somebody thats on my mind :)
We were better. There's a reason you always get third...
yep. That is true. At the end of the day royals can't miss like that regardless of reason. Hopefully hoch is last big miss
TO really said that? *sigh* he needs some mental help. Those poor kids.
Just Got on Linkedin!
Lawrence Taylor's appearance on Inside the NFL seems to prove his only regret in soliciting an underage prostitute was that he got caught.
Unattributed note from Marcus's The Other Victorians: until mid-Victorian period, domestic servants exceeded industrial workers in UK. Wow!
Lets play a game, the rules are simple... watch all 6 saw movies in one night
#FF to keep up with real estate news - and for a laugh now and then.
I don't have much to pitch tonight, besides to be kind to one another, like always says.
this nigga said OVOXO til i die !!! lmfao does he even know what it means ? lol
All upcoming #physicallyfit #models #fitnessmodels in #southbeach #Miami #ftlauderdale we do video promos for models 2 gain exposure!
Feel better dude
And don't assume ur safe or dont assume I'm talkin bout u that jus makes u guilty but u can always ask :)
"Life is a journey, not a guided tour."
Please join me tomorrow morning for the last Atlanta book tour event at Bloomingdale's (Lenox Mall) from 11:00am-1:00pm. It is going to...
also, if you are riding to like really ride, may be time to step up to gears & a road bike. Join the dark side!
I think you will get into it.
I havent gotten a metion or RT in like two weeks
Thinkin bout a big jug of Rossi right now...
Gettn da kids dis weekend #Excited my daughters bring me alot of joy there da reason i keep going #FMG DADDY/DAUGHTER WEEKEND
thank you for following Paige and I. Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt. Help families
Its super secret too(: RT : Hey everyone! DM if you'd like to be part of her plan! Sounds cool!! :D
Thanks! Downloaded and ready to deploy, now I just need a printer...
my grassroots free music startup & helping collect unclaimed royalties for bands has been my load tonight. You working on a new reel?
Lunch. Homemade Pulled Pork and Homemade Potato Chips. $6 bucks...fill yer guts.
School is the last fucking place I wanna be. I wanna go home and cry and sleep forever.
Can I get you another drink?
Halloween Pub Crawl this Saturday! Starts at 6:30 ! All the details here www.calpubcrawl.com!
Had to leave to enjoy some sunshine. Great morning & people. Thx organizers!
It's already 3:30? But... I swear it was like 2:00 just now, lol.
Well waiting for u to press my follow button and tweet me... And Im sick today soo staying home from school. I feel like crap
Examine what is said, not him who speaks. - Proverb
That beaver. It's so big. And brown.
Time to go ride in the rain.
« Nobody's perfect»
Sandra Chavarria, CEO of Communities In Schools Dallas Region named 2010 Leader in Education by TAB on June 23, 2010. www.cisdallas.org
Oh, so that's why Newt's in the room.
I think FastCo took your byline pic to illustrate the Martin Scorsese piece...
Yes they did, save the date june 2 will be posting more deatils shortly
#JefreeStar how did you come to be? what's your life story?
And watch movies.
I have no friends in plato.
Of the 11 members of the senior staff, four have been in their current positions of leadership for ten years or more.
Holy crap!!!!! I just saw the tribute to Amy Whinehouse tht did!! Omg!! AMAZING.!!!!!!
In that case, I recommend driving them all to Chicago and dropping them off on the south side.
so i dont text you
Goodluck to everyone competing in the 5k tomorrow!
ALC Health enhances iPMI cover Annual limits for plans increased
saw you at Augusta today. Perfect day to walk around wasn't it?
Fan page...Lol
haha aw, I have my nerd days (x & yes I hate advanced ! Lol, aw don't stress, you will do just fine!(:
“: The talented and beautiful just learned that she has been cast in a new feature film!! So proud” Thx honey! ❤
So happy that baseball is back!!
I'll catch up on Klout tomorrow, nite all!
I just wirelessly updated my iPhone 4 and iPad 2 to iOS version 5.1.1 - no problems - both are on wifi - update completed in a few minutes
luvd madonna & she was killin it wit
This will be the most needed greatest spring break ever to Dallas I go :)
Is it true Melissa McCarthy and Jenny McCarthy are cousins? I don't believe it.
I may have to try to listen at work.
u said u was going to try to have a fun weekend! Lol
EarthSaverBags are eco-trendy reusable bags for the style conscious and environmentally friendly consumers!Have a great week w/ Earth-Saver!
Extra strong lockets taste of sick :'((
What do you look for in a guy?
Victoria Secret's Amber Romance
I don't think it's more expensive during happy hr.I'm hoping for place w food.
haha ikr!! did you see when he was making fun of Justin Biebers song Boyfriend Lol!!
LOL I don't leave any either
I guess this the last time we go out to eat with skyler... At least for awhile
Don't EVER compare them again. EVER!!! BTW, JD called Altuve "Piranha" the other day. Better than Mosquito IMO
RT : It's easy to join our mailing list! Just send your email address by text message: Text OHIOFUN to 22828 to get started.
WE ARE EVERYWHERE. (Yes, that's meant to be as ominous as it seems.)
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
is tomorrow really Monday?
thank you, my "old" friend haha XO
oh word! Come through and get you a bowl!
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
a game we won lol
Bath salts, K2, Spice & now Crocodile-the new drug in US. Kills in 2-3 yrs have u talked to your children
no one should ever have to ask permission to defend one's self. 'nuff said
a good bff would look past it and offer me a beer
not even close, Louisiana
Discussing last week's tent removal with : "this is a UC camp us" ha!
I have a really, really hard time forcing people to treat me the way I deserve.
Thrilled to see on selection committee for
If yuhr happy then I guess ill leave
a good reason to start making yogurt at home. think I'll turn that milk in my fridge into another batch
The guys who founded Skype, Kazaa, and the ill-fated video site Joost are behind a new music subscription service, Rdio.
we will let you make your own affogato (espresso over gelato)
Who loves you, baby? RT : Thanks for the shoutout!
My daughter and I will be there tonight!! Hook it up so we can see you for a minute, please!! :)
RT for the chance to win a complimentary #ASHASpa massage!
NCL Announce Biggest Sale Reduced Deposit, Free upgrades, Free onboard credit! Details Jackie 954-514-4413 Please RT!
what's up D?
Thank you for being better at my job than I am!
First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst.
I'm on the West Coast so it's even more fun to get the snarky preview. Love it!
lol. can't sleep?
One thing I learned from Aikido, everyone falls down but it's about learning how to fall to get up fast.
“: When I have children, I'm gonna make them whatch the movie 2012. And tell them I survived that like a boss.”
WHAT U KNOW ABOUT THE YANKEES LOL JK THATS MY TEAM BUT OFCOURSE I LOVE OUR VERY OWN ROCKIES ASWELL:)
I ask because those seem solvable, while usability is difficult and usually terrible.
On tonight's "How the Beatles Rocked the Kremlin", find out how they changed Soviet fans' lives and gave them hope. On MPTV 36 at 9PM.
World Comedy Club Tonight! 8:30pm, 10:30pm , , Get Comedy Tickets here
Faith makes things possible, not easy. <3
super chill going home this weekend
unfortunately no, I am traveling thru the weekend
holy smokes its freezing in rochester. is your hometown cold?
haha I dunno know about that! But thank you!
Heck yes! Be like That one guy with a flying rug and get here in like 5 seconds. ~ Cocoa beach pier ~
no silly! The next one
Yesterday: phonecall- 'Hi we'd like to shoot you in Texas!' ...Pardon? Today: flying to Dallas to film for Discovery's 'Fatal Encounters' :)
just want some of those peanut butter cookies... :)
I would hate haters, but that would make me a hater too.
Beer pong and shots with my boys!
Phil's #RiverRatCounseling is great!
Charles Musser thanks for all his hard work setting up this conference. We second that! Thanks, Dan.
-- personally, I like the datalog, pattern-matching query language, not unlike SPARQL, and the "peered, journaled triples" model.
lmao yes & our invention to make titanic as a roller coaster lol
start saving up your money , NOW & so i will i [; & does your sister want anything ? cx
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
okay okay, okay okay, you will never stop it now.
lol I know you did that's why I did it
Thanks! I'm not going. Ted Leo is playing at Case that night and I can't miss him.
Worst day I've had in awhile
We are starting her in swim lessons in June- she will be 10months old =) Hopefully it becomes a great ♥ of hers!
It's bizarre how many more anti-Muslim tweets I get than anti-gay or anti-atheist ones. (I'm not Muslim. I am gay & atheist. And yet...)
Ha! I've 33 more to eat&drink. You're welcome to join. Crabs, cupcakes, sushi, octopus, pizza &more are still on the list.
is here and is fabulous! She has organized this whole event and everything looks amazing :)
Hockey fans, follow for live updates from today's #Bruins #Islanders game at the TD Garden!
I hope so! Are you definitely going home for the summer?
yes please! what time?
so happy....you made my day!
#SalesTruth RT : It's YOU that clients connect with. That's your real competitive edge.
Kobe fuckin wade up...fuck the heat
theyre so much fakes! im reporting all the fakes!
True, we can all learn a thing from even me. LOL
- Love #DontBeTardy for the Wedding!
Hippies on Venice Beach. I love it there. You've become one. lol Go to "Hal's," my favorite spot there to eat.
pretty freaking scary!
I miss y'all little niggas too !
Freddie Riley is trying to make this a memorable night. Junior has an NBA 3 and a huge-one-hand jam.
Kenney: Cornell Lib just hit 50% of acq as E-resources. Half goes to just 3 publishers that put out 42% of scholarly journals.
what's with you and doing fun things on tuesday nights?
I am tired of having the elite managed a sinking ship. The rats are bailing
We're all born for a reason. The journey in life is to find that reason.
"No matter where you are, know that my love is never far" #Np Lyfe Jennings, I Will Always Love You
Nice shot. I just lost myself for an hour in that website.
Post a positive comment there and we will give you a double chance at winning the $100 GC to Braddock's at our event!
doup!! (with a Homer Simpson expression)
crash confirmed: FairfaxPike both directions at I-81 - police should clear it shortly #VATraffic ;-)
yeah man i did :)
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone. sextip
shout out!
According to Dr. Trent segregation in cities has returned to levels reached in 1968. He cited PG County.
Made my whole week! Thanks & good luck.
We hope you think so!
RT : Be prepared. Before an important meeting, do your homework.
No job, poor health and soon to be homeless. Long since lost the will to give a shit. DRINK!
hearing my daughter sing her graduation song lets me know its time for voice lessons. she writes and loves to sing. artist in the making.
“: Here at #ImagineRIT2012 with rockin outside the Field House from 10-Noon. Gift cards, shirts, and prizes.”
Some US cities have more MRIs than entire provinces in Canada.
I do miss my house. Two celebrations of life this weekend too, one for a friend so pretty sad.
Whose going to see Mayday Parade tonight? We'll be there! Come hang :-)
I am taping it on my dvr. I cannot believe this is the end :-(
rumor is he might be in the UK section tonight. Wouldn't that be just perfect?
maker just seems like a co-option of the term hacker in a trademarkable way.
Oh, I have PLANS for you and me. PLANS. And I'll email them to you.
Census data shows that Detroit's population at 713,000 - lowest since 1910. Mayor's initiatives even more urgent now.
Why? “: The U.S. exported more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since 1949.”
Former President Bill Clinton in DC next Friday. Stay tuned for more details!
follow back ????? (: would make my night (:
where do you work ?
trick question, ditka!
Thanks for the shout out!
Ok, so now I am awake.... It's mardi GRAS! I took yesterday off, I got much needed sleep now I'm ready 2 play again!
I wish my girlfriend wasn't in Illinois..
It's like you disgust me and I feel like I'm talking to my uncle eeeeww
I hear 70,000 others agree.
with jenn, discovering the joys of twitter
Hey! You guys need to tour again really soon...I miss you guys </3
Proud to say I picked out Ralph Fiennes in Schindler's List, even with a nose.
Drew Breeeees!!!! NFL Single passing leader #saintssuperbowl. Yup I said it
FUCK MY LIFE :(
I was at that event.. must have been outside smoking ! but that was sad!!
Didn't #KimKardashian just get back from her honeymoon? Didn't I just watch their wedding on tv? #what a waste
Monday and Tuesday so far
Love got harder to find, every since lust became easier to fulfill.
I didn't wanna work in fast food but I'm thinking about it, they give way more hours the retail
“: #JustinTimberlake says he "looked like a moron" during his #NSync days."
LOL they were all quite... interesting!
We often take for granted the people that love us most unintentionally.
if I would I could!!
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
Four Horsemen are Hall of Fame Bound
#np it would be you by Trey Songz
Happy Friday! Watch for your Valpak envelope in homes next week...Save! Save! Save!
~ Thanks for the follow. Here's my gift to you today, up to 80 off at restaurants.com use the code "Sun" thru 7-13
It's pronounced Mili-wa-kay, which means, The Good Land. RT : Why do sports in Milwaukee exist?
“: Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend. -Tim McGraw” 💜
this was a kid who wasn't affiliated with OSU until he said he'd go. he's a HS kid, OSU has no jurisdiction over him
we r lucky not to have "formal" obsrvns, but our principal does drop ins. We do a self directed appraisal system.
MOM, THANKS FOR LETTING ME STAY UP TO WATCH THIS GAME.
6am workout tomorrow morning
okay well I'll let you know of you can room with me or not!
Late to the game seeing your tweet about this, but I've been feeling the same way lately. Its gotten so bad I can't even write!
a relationship is just too much for me at the moment
Just saw Trillin in NYC last night! He quoted Richler! That event on post-Richler satire sounds great.
send over a link bro so I can check it out. I wanna hear it!
You can only be free if I am free. ~Clarence Darrow
& Eat U-Swirl! ;) RT Excessive heat warnings today! Please drink plenty of water and take frequent breaks when outdoors.
Today marks my one year anniv' w/ Got to meet & more.
you will always be the bf from Don't Tell Mom the Babysitters Dead. But I love me some WIll Gardner from
nobody's forced to do anything that's a talent, everyone can't do hair ,but everyone can say they out here grinding hard
I'm following the next 10 who follows !!!
Just joined the iPad revolution.
<<it would be hard to shift them out entirely. Q4.
so not fair I wish I could stay home!!! Maybe ill act sick ;)
Phoenix Bats
D'oh!.. Damn.. I got Lotion.. On my Dress Pants.. Oop's was I to say this Out Load?
Just had my abs handed to me. Thanks Ab Ripper X2. xoxo, sore and sleepy.
It would be wise to have your vehicle checked out by a knowledgeable mechanic if it was overheating recently.
Merry Christmas to all
Don't let the bastards get you down. Move on. The last thing a bastard wants is to be forgotten.
hey i'm just a kid who likes your music and it would mean a lot to me if you followed me thanks
I can hear from 4 states away
no problem. Keep up the good work and thinking deeply.
• Spanish PM Rajoy rules out a bailout• Soros' solutions for Europe • Today's agendaLive blogging now: Julia Kol..
Ill do anything to sleep with my bf right now
i haven't heard the greatest reviews of that stuff. I do like strong though.
Or maybe GDP is a meaningless statistic?
Prepping for my shoot on Sunday for Current TV.. This teleprompter business should be pretty interesting!
grenade launcher for CS gas.
morning already... time goes by when you're having fun.... off to make breakfest for ALL THE TEENS....EXPRESSO TIME!!!!!!!!
If I said it then the shits true!
Music and art may soon join languages on the endangered list at Pennsylvania elementary schools
Bahahahaha that's hilarious... I might be gone today.. fighting a case of food poisoning right now lol
Connecticut Department of Correction investigates death of Bridgeport inmate
follow our personal accounts! and ! k thanks :)
your welcome doll!you made my day today..I will be sending you an email later today:)
14% — The percent of Illinois' population without health insurance in 2009. The national average: 17%.
When people talk behind ur back, don't mind them. You gotta be in front of them for them to talk behind ur back.
They're both delicious.
OH MY GOSH. SUNDAY.....YES SUNDAY I GET TO SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE... <3
"til there’s nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday, every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away"
stop it. Your making my butthole clench LOL
I FEEL LIKE A SINGLE FISH IN AN OCEAN SIZED TANK... A BIRD WITH NO WINGS I DIAMOND WITH NO BLING
ur a bit late hun xP
People are really showing they ass today
You Kno I Will
Jonny Evans (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Spent the last two evenings re-tuning my bike gears since Performance Bike is apparently incapable of doing it. Caple's Bike shop now open.
Fresh cut...Yessir
250 I'll reply after I shower. I wanna talk.
Good looks and a bad attitude don't mix. Stop being so bitter.
Rocked quiz section today with a one two knowledge punch.
Thanks David. Good luck to you.. STaylor in touch.
Proper treatment lies in identifying the type of UI the patient suffers from, as treatment therapies applied to each are very different
Favorite place to watch a Badger football game? RT your favorite to
New happiest moment of your life? Hahaha :)
Well, I've probably talked your ear off.
Why is there a cop sitting in front of my house....
Getting my hair did!! ;)
I'm so swagerific
Happy #mayday everyone!
what cleanse do u suggest
Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good.
No. But when I got to ColdStone she had texted me with 'Text me when you're on your way back' Are you fucking kidding me?
i write not so that i can teach you, but rather so that you can learn from yourself.
Things have been busy lately. It seems as though a lot of people like to start entirely fresh by cleaning their hard drive. Let us do it!
i love you guys!!
Its official. Ive gotten to that point where I can say, with confidence, that I am too old for certain types of bars.
got my money for my english book , it was so needed...
TACO BELL hit the spot :)
Never heard of sugru, I'm intrigued now.
Tuning in to #ArtHour. Interesting convo
I'm gonna memorize rap in feat "look at me now"
I feel like theres still bitches that owe me sex.
Mayneeeeee #TheEmpire boy ": Y'all ready for some good music maaayneee ?"
Oh Eric Bledsoe will you marry me??? Haha he is fine! And he ballin for the #Clippers !!! 💎💍🏀
#WeWontWork if you can't trust me .
Me and Rick always arguing like a old ass married couple lmao smh
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR. Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
Happy birthday to my oldest. 12yrs old today.
Don't know yet, but something like that seems logical. May 26, June 23, and July 7 all in Vegas would be over saturation.
I wish I had ADHD so I could take some Adderall to help me concentrate.
fixed my data dilemma, just had to turn it on
thank you. Honored by my company on the list and the inclusion.
I don't Give a Damn about the FCC! Twitter Late Night!!!
is not ok
Good Morning Fans! Thanks for the follow backs! We are already open at #Coronado Center and #Cottonwood Mall! Visit us today!
Senior Joe?!
Are you prepared? It's the first day of hurricane season! And the National Hurricane Center Predicts Above Average 2011 Season.
Yeah! happy to hear you're stoked about a potential edit-a-thon :D
"Well first of all, he's a snuggler." ~ 14 year old diabetic named Jack describing his diabetic service dog Roger. Love it!
sight reading on gtr = read anything and everything: nice way tog et close to peices you would not play in public on gtr. but love
Have a Merry International IPA Day! is having an event to celebrate today....go!
Me walking around Target..little girl says, "MOM LOOK AT HER HAIR!! Wow. Ariel!!!" Hahaha omg (x
Reggie McKenzie has shown he has no class in firing Hue Jackson after only one year as coach. Raiders beware of his gutting!
its going to take massive amounts of self control so i dont flip a lid tomorrow
I dunno ! It depends , but like I'm saying since you wanna goo and I doo, we sshouuld get the ticketss togeder, u know
Sure :D
Big s/o to , last night was just great! I love my church.
do you think its true???
uhm puppy chow! or idk anything just bring something. anything.
That the best man for the job is getting a much needed endorsement. We need a statesman, not a tea party lap dog.
Thanks Kate. Have a great weekend!
hey gang! Without #SOTG2011 we are at jazz. Will it rain on the mall tonight!?
Not everyone that comes into your life has an expiry date, some people will love you enough to stay.
I don't know! How have I not seen this yet?
This time Rosario blogged guide of aspiration
not sure if this is a serious question...
Fear God, not them
I like that RT “: Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out”
Got to sleep in =D now to get ready for my new second job! First official day! LB WHERE YOU @! ;)P
That girl that was with roc in hello is on ABDC she got her own crew that wassup!!!! :)
we got the same last name lml :)
Me too!
oh dear...did you get any response emails though? lol
getting sleepy.. gotta finish this paper though.. then tomorrow another 6 hours at school =/ and its barely the 1st week!
That "secret" Beasties show at the Bottom of the Hill? One of the greatest.
brutal south TX bias...
Congrats to Tiger Woods on taking his first win in 2 years!
REMINDER: Lost and Found Reception Starkweather Arts Center this FRIDAY FROM 6-8PM
& Katy Perry is the only thing I can play semi-competently. I don't really know what the originals sound like, so that helps.
Watching #BigBangTheory. Sheldon, "Live Long and suck it Zachary Quinto."
Nothin is sweeter than summertime and breakfast Children's Hospital :) #enjoy!
at a Texas Democratic party dinner.
♥ Thanks for following! :]
Can't wait till 3:15
Rest assured your site works perfectly! We just cheated to make the thumb (so it filled that box). You rule!
Watching the Big Idea! - The New Art of Selling seems to be the topic for tonight. Donny's show really inspires me! Oh & I'm still working!
Welcome back from April Break! Hope everyone had a restful week.
"eggs, milk, T.P., hair product."
My pleasure Elli!!
I want a Starbucks brownie...
Everyone like us on facebook www.facebook.com/jenfek
There's not a thing in the world wrong with that. Believe me. I know. It actually makes lots of sense. Follow your heart, always
Lmao RT : I want flip phone just to pull it out on niggas I feel are boosty....
Joe Marillo will be playing tonight from 7pm to 9pm! Live Jazz at Enoteca!
All i know is i dont know how to be something you miss
new I don't have to do that.
@ Hey do You have Facebook Or Messenger .?????
hey girly! U going to prom?
1 of the best ways to get a girls attention...hav a big umbrella on a rainy day!¡!
Insanity starts in 4 days, hope I can walk after the first day.
I tweeted watching Aladdin before if was a TT wut now
-smirks- Amen, sister!
I like the new logo
one day y& realize you're a hater ;)
That person you can be weird with>>>
-You really shouldn't give up your dream. Cause you are giving up something that is possible♥.
Ah, finally back home. Feels nice to be bac on the dresser (: haha
Im at Century 14 - 5 minutes to
you don't have a fone?
beehive in Boston is nice. But I agree with Join us at Coops in quincy
I've got 2 hours before my health insurance runs out. I need to make some bad decisions very quickly
My pleasure
