Can u please follow me i love your music its amazing :)
Seated far from stage at the L.A. Coliseum in 1985. Springsteen somehow closed the distance and made it personal. He's amazing.
indeed we are. Thanks for your support guys.
Welcome to all the new followers and thanks to and for shining some light on us!
My heart and tenderloin goes out to all my friends effected by the tsunami in Japan. Especially my Wagyū homies.
Dude judgmental people <<
awww you was a cutie pie
Getting pretty tired of this crappy #weather in #Chicago. Need a pick me up this #Monday!
Thank you! I'm excited for what's to come
jealous..have fun!!
My father is living for this playoff game lol
sounds good to me :)
Prices for styling can vary by salon. Send us a note to & we'll follow up.
This is the most boring time of year for sports.
you going to roblox rallY?
Great prom at #BCCS 😃
Tucker & Dale v Evil (2010) Outstanding. Great story, perfectly paced. Didn't lose me for a minute. This film deserves more recognition. 7/9
my sister lives there. she has cows in her backyard?
Thank you for the #ff/shout-out! Have a great weekend.
Comment the new pics♥:). Cross-Country in the morning with Greg&Andy&Zach&Cooper&AJ:)Text if you wanna
follow back?
will i be seeing yo ass this weekend??
"I've been watching you watch me. So watch this, how about we go watch a movie and get busy?" Fresh Prince was the man.
brett favre needs 2 say he's done.that would stop all this!!
hahaha - great sweater on the dog!
what I can't believe it.. The boys are back in town, the boys are back in town!! And yes I did just sing that!!!!! 😜😝😁😃😄
I need new friends. I cannot stand this negativity.
I just followed know will u plz follow me!!!!!
don't give up and never say never. just #believe that dreams do come true if you're hard work :)
Oops. Sorry about that.
Things are beautiful if you love them.- Jean Anouilh
How dare you.... you 200th tweeted with me.
jumping on the bandwagon. DO it!
#dreamteam “: Andy Reid and his staff are doing another horrendous job of coaching today. Awful”
that moment when one the managers is singing along to the bsb in the break room and you're the only other person in the room.
#mlanet12 EXCELLENT the G+ Hangout test for MIS business meeting went well. :)
thanks so much for the add!
Q4: It depends on how long the trip is. I'll bring the basics for shorter trips and everything on longer ones.
I can't do this crap!! 😒
My life is filled with bad endings and wrong starts.
don't sabotage my partner.
all those colors?????? Even the dark? You know my favorite thing to do is make blondes into brunettes
Nice win la
Be sure to join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Indulge in our delicious food & drink specials while competing for great prizes!
The east side is still looking gray and very windy. We feel sorry for all those quarterbacks tonight!
Today's office debate - If you were a dog what type of dog would you be?
Why do I see antbash groupies all on my timeline. Lol I love you! LOL
Five blue screens of death and all #dell can say with my express service code is "I'll transfer you".
hey! I never saw this picture! :) It's a good one! Miss you Karen! Let's have a superhero meet up again :)
This Monday #Groupon will be helping out ! The $10 you normally spend on lunch can feed 5 hungry people #tenforfive #hunger Oct10-13
Spent a good few hours with Ma. Think she was a lot more open than she's been in a long time. Very glad we're so close to her right now.
Are u asking me? Sometimes i dont know if this is a dm?
no, I wish was with us!
Mine and conversations >
Ok ladies and gentlemen I am signing back on and will be giving you my thoughts on the Bears game throughout the game.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Sun, 23:05 PST
Big Book Publishing idea. If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it. It could be bigger that expected. 1912
Congrats! And how cool to get it right from the workshop!
Guess #nba players do ride the Metro. Just spotted Jeff Green at the White Flint metro station
Much respect to who paid a house call to check the AC so won't come home to a hot house!
Grateful for free lunch and dinner c/o work.
I don't usually keep the tv on after Grey's. Kind of slow?
What is needed to get into the Xfinity Live preview next week?
Excited, anticipatory vibe here at Eileen Brady's campaign party! Results come down in 3 minutes...
Hey , thanks, I've received the last 2 texts from 2 diff ppl successfully - 16 times in 3 hours.
errybody getting wild error
New Yorkers, New England Fans, you will feel right at home, try us out!
MEOW happy #hairballawarness day.
Ship me with anyone famous? :3
she walked away most likely to cry about it to her bf beiber.
#imsickof Doing everything in my power to be #amazing and I get #shit in return. #nomoreniceBrooke #NeverShouldYouEver fuck with me
Beautiful day here in #LosAngeles! - No wonder settled here :)
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
My head hurts so much and I wanna trow up :/
South Austin Gallery taking photos by room 3.
What colour did you tell me to go? :L <3 <3
Please withhold questions until after inning ends // RT : How the hell is it only 1-0?
O.K., confession time. Knowing how awesome is makes me wish I was living in Minnesota & playing at
We showcase talented people in our community. Tell us about your project!
is the place to be Jacksonville right now! It's The Livest Outdoor Old School Party around, if you can appreciate it!
are you coming to Pittsburgh? (: x
Is there an elephant in the room? If not, what was that noise?
silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.” ― Rumi
right, exactly.
Fried Chicken is Back Tonight!
is is going to be streamed live?
I followed
Why do I feel so bad that I'm not doing choir?
and are the best place for locals to party.. In #Vegas dont u agree
but really how do you go from such a masterpiece like Teresa to El Talisman--it just looks so cheap. Poor :(
Will miss you too!
Google just started a similar service to dropbox this week - i'd check that out
Today's the big day! Start things off early with the Flag Raising Ceremony at 9 and the MSC Dedication at 10!
My mom finally bought me another charger !
music we do at tonites mi yodea rehearsal is in memory of my dad paul kaplan whose yahrzeit is tonite. may it be an aliyah for his neshama.
it was a good msg :)
This isn't basketball j rock..
I blame the unfollow bug... I actually think we were following you from the beginning.
Them Ray Bans still on sale if u want them LOL
how u gone say "i love sex but hate condoms" in a "condoms" commerical???
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish peeps!!!
Zimmerman to be charged!!!!!
releases Ocean Sync v1.0 Freeware Desktop Edition to the public. OceanSync is #Hadoop Management Software which uses Hadoop API
Its a dead issue for you Kobe fans
What's good bro
When I forget my headphones <<<
& wicked games by the weeknd (NO typo)
Can you help me?.Im trying to get more people to follow me lol!(:
Oh gosh. Richard Hammond is adorable
New moon on monday
For my project, I made a video and put #Desiree in it! Can't wait for the class to hear 😄I think they'll like it
Running on 2 hours of sleep.. Great.
Shopping with my besties. They dont make clothes for short people.
oh shit! Ahhaha I'm so ready for this weekend lol
He is just so perfect.
Let's get it on, yeah, y'all can come along ;D
Bands in need of a myspace layout. I am charging only $50.00 a professional layout. Look at mine for an example.
I'm just glad chris brown doesn't have blonde hair anymore
reading was my highest score on the ACT
RT : RT : - bringing the hits all day!RT : #relax and unwind today
Drove around for 2 months w/ expired license. Got clean today. Should've had tons of fines but ended up paying $22.
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
That's cool, I bought the book but still haven't had the time to read it, but I will :)
All that "Man Candy" from last night Playoff Games got me worked up...I got to go jog or some
Bummed I'm gonna miss #Clippers vs. #Knicks at MSG tonight. Damn you #CAR class--you win again.
Thanks for coming by. Looking forward to some great posts.
"Gotta have 'em all";
I had theme of "rock & roll" in '93, thinking it would be bar mitzvahgrunge but the place was decorated w/ White Snake posters
Apparently #Notredame is going to be playing 8 on 5 tonight.
Hi everyone hope everyone is as jazzed as I am......:) CCMAMA ~@& xo
I ain't even mad...
: I got 3 pieces yesterday & they call it member communication. Why would entrepreneurs & innovators be drawn 2 this message?
Our curse as humans; We don't live long enough to see the damage we cause by living too long.
i may have found my graduation dress! but it's red. is it too cliche to have the same color dress as your school colors??
You ROCK!
Finalizing all roles for our summer production this weekend. Lotsa work ahead. Might add a 4th one-act. www.theatrecompany.biz
We have a spot open for tomm night book it and save 20%!!! Forget about parking and driving we'll take you in style
Watching Nova and is featured!
i kinda miss all you guys, kinda.
If you're not following you are
Geaux Lay DOWN!
Got my tempo run done at 6am, ready to conquer the day now!
OH HI
is definitely one of the hardest working, thoughtful people I know!
Ugh. Abomination is right.....
i heard its spposed to happen between 3 or 4
I found it to be cathartic. I guess I just related 0_0
don't go to Pink Cadillac
if you like tangy and tart i'll suggest pomegranate limeade. so good! :)
Ah! Hunger Games trailer. Stanley Tucci! Can't wait :)
#boyfriendreview im pretty sure you got this already but.. ITS AMAZING!! AND ITS ON REPEAT ALL DAY(: #FollowMeIfYouSeeThisTweet ? <33
Just watched *Breakfast Club* for first time since seeing it fifteen times or so when it came out. Oddly, still identified with the kids.
You all Rock for the RT love!
I'm so late!!! I'm watching a scary joint w/my lil boy RT FLATIRON'ING MY HAIR @ THE CURRENT MOMENT, YOU?
ikr, my mom was on 10am yesterday and today. I dnt even wanna go now, if im not cing prince
Happy Mothers Day to my mommy !!! :) <3
when do I see you guys again!
black ice. shiny possibilities for infinity. and why are all these shoppers out? this is supposed to be a recession
See, then they shouldn't have had him around all those other pretty people. Disheveled Ruffalo? Damn, girl.
Lol i really love my phone
Thank you for the music! Gotta go, but see you here next week ;)
I am starving for some of
Our science team confirms that all of this is true. Thanks Tuyen!
...1 beer won't hurt?
ya :/ On julius ceaser & ancient Rome. And one on a world war dictator.
(cont) & those new Nike nfl jerseys don't even have any stitching or Anything I was shocked 2 see they were $100. Looks like $50-$60 to me
you have your phone though! Play on there :-)
round off double backhand spring thankya very much! I mean I was only like 8 or something
When does 24 hour fitness close on weekends ?
Daytime we deliver as far north as downtown Mpls, but after 4pm we typically don't pass Oak Grove St. Call 612.824.9100.
About to rock my kamels with no socks and chuck t's tomorrow oh yea (;
Once I have it together & online I'll invite criticism & revise further.
Fab Design Tip: Cut fruit tree branches and place them in water. Enjoy the beauty of the branches then watch how blossoms appear.
you too!
Seriously. You're bad.
so? have you upgraded yet? www.prodivs.com
2012, let's get it done!
I've always felt in total control of every aspect of my LIFE, but I'm learning that I cannot always be SUPERMAN. GOD has the FINAL word!
I need to get out the bed and be productive Bestie got me on this 3 app a day thing
I'm serious! But ahhhw man,now I remember ): well,ill see ya around! Lmfao
I am just great!!! How are you doin???^.^
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
I just realized why Rachel Maddow and Piers Morgan are on at the same time as Sean Hannity, CNN/MSNBC decided to fight crazy with crazy.
Goodnight, before I say other regretful things.
I just got a little more Texas;)
Met a lot of creative people at CreateBaltimore and came home with lots of ideas.
I have no idea what hes doing friday, im meeting him next friday, idk what hes doing after?
Can't wait to jump into the studio next week (it's been TOO LONG!) and record a few songs for a documentary!
#SorryForPartyRocking:I Love !♡
When white kids roll up to school blasting mac miller lmao
Connect to Compete: Do Finland and Korea Connect to Compete? What happened to the cognition of print?
Nick too mad about that stuff lol
You know it's going to be a good day when Call Me Maybe and Boyfriend play as soon as you get in the car
Failing To Plan Is Planning To Fail. Ask For Help With Your Retirement Plan!
need to revitalize my pro twitter too!
Oh, that's awesome! Thanks for sharing it, I'm definitely going to give it a shot. :)
Thank you for all you're support. Together & Undivided. We can't do it without you!
Lizard moms may prepare their babies for a stressful world
Your son cleans up nicely. Although he is still rocking a five o'clock shadow.
its on my news feed u amateur
I am the street.
You guys should make some type of video. :)
Working on a fun #proposal. What is keeping u #busy today? Hope u take time to smell the roses along the way!
I often tell people I'm going to prey for them, and I mean it. I leave them deer heads and what not. I'm a good person.
maybe we need more inventors in the room?
Lots of places: curtain club, dada, all good, prophet, adair's, etc... mostly deep ellum.
Yeah but I'm a businessman.
Meek Mill is gonna do it big for Drake's concert on the 22nd & then hit up the Longbranch for his after party >>>>>
what pedals do you use on listen to your love? They sound perfect
Merry Christmas everyone and a happy new year <3
"...They do it to get a crown that will not last; but we do it to get a crown that will last forever." 1Corinth 9:25 Your crown is eternal
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
We're back!!! See you tonight! We'll be in section 84 with our friends from Tack Back Our Yard.
School is a bitch.
8 out of the 85 enrolled students showed up to this class...makes me wonder why I'm here...
Howie Kendrick out for the year
At this Holiday Season we remember and honor those who are no longer with us and cherish those who are....
Will Ferrel and Usher on SNL tonight. Omg ☺
Definitely! We'll be doing another naming (or a bris) sometime in mid to late May for #2. Might be a good excuse!
ok I've got it! Eager to read, hope to start tonight. 22 years I've lived in Seattle but my books are set in Louisiana.
much love friend
Why don't you go to westside anymore?
me too, but next month ill be taking voice lessons♥ i love singing, even tho I'm bad at it♥ i still wish i had Ari's voice:]
Why SEA over KC, when KC already has arena? Market size?
Singing Rascal Flats songs with my mom >>>
Blazer fans, subject to final approval, basketball is back! NBA players & owners reach tentative deal early this a.m.
My 2 1/2 year old son just said "Its AL... there's 2 AL's"
I have about 8-10 photos to upload hopefully tomorrow!
So jealous! Bring me back
back at Delirium for a 2nd night... met some welcoming people there, so I wasn't just some creeper at the bar tonight.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem
got tickets to see you in Belfast ! SO EXCITED! missed you last time so now i cannot wait! olly olly olly....OI OI OI ;) xo
not until tomorrow
oh well thats too bad... But have fun and your welcome :)
Thank you. You're a critical source of climate/aviation/markets news for me.
Our hearts go out to Steve Jobs family. What an inspiration to us all!
thanks for following us and supporting
anything can make us look, only art can make us see.
Awkward moment when my friend tells me, "I never would have thought you were a virgin"... what? Am I a slut or something? oops.
“: Love twitter porn..... #facts” you would ya freak
United facing SA Madison or SA East Central next round after defeating San Benito 24-17. Madison leading East Central late in the game.
` but can i get a mention though
Kayla has quite an imagination lol
if you a player i guess im the coach
How can Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby end up on the same day? That's a lot of drinking to accomplish. Which one are u celebrating?
We have ms of Woman in White...no Moonstone though, alas. And Wilkie likely got poor marks in penmanship!
what have you been sniffing ! Lol!
Gotta start somewhere!
bothering the little Chinese boy
Such a fun team too #boomcity population ...
lol dont deny you stayed trippin but you never fell
Panelists will begin reviewing applications at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room C.
this is making me sick
Anybody have a nail clipper? Going once...Going twice?
“: lol! Right! Sorry Wiz for your loss.” <----- my mama showing sympathy lol !
I need him and love #<3
I miss you already :(
#ThatCamp should be more like sleep away camp-- conversations into the wee hours. And s'mores.
#raw10 this cop stopped me Walkin n he was crosseyed. then i found he wasnt even stopping me but sum1 else.
-- Eh, maybe ... do you need starting pitching that bad?
Are there any studies or articles about Apple's organizational and management practices? Love to learn more about how they manage people.
We're looking for an editor!! If you are an editor in the St. Louis area and are fluent in Spanish we'd love to hear from you!
please follow me please follow me
Ha! I think a lot of folks are surprised....how are you my friend? Counting down :)
Can you explain why Hillis only got 10 carries? I'm completely baffled.
I am shocked by ignorant remarks about Jeremy Lin. Everyone knows that Harvard is known for its endowment.
Just got new wholesale rehab deal, Address is 4751 SW 5 St, Miami, FL - Wholesale price is $110k. CASH ONLY. Won't last. Let me know
heyy ive been wondering for a while what happen to you doing OLLG?
You would know it lol. Thanks, though!
this is not okay
Sorry! I was watching Wrestlemania 28 Luv ya still! :-)
Day 2 of being cold outside
Que chingon. Oye , what kind of watch is that?
Working on your taxes? Come sit at the bar and avoid them for a while with us!
It's raining really hard and I'm gonna die. Omg. Gonna die. Help.Me. #help #TexasWeather #wtf #mybabykittyisoutsideallbyhumself :(
It's just that is so so right.
haha well yeah those guys definitely didn't get any of this so they can't blame me for that lol
( hey i think its very nice of you to walk away from something that has a lot of drama ..
From one Son of Abraham to another... RIP MCA.
thanks! You put me in with some good company!
What do yopu do?
Every day I go to the MaxFun site to see if there's a new episode of International Waters. And every day I am sad. :-(
Klout - we've all got it (including a score)
I am no.godess
I think that offices with doors are much more conducive to getting serious work (programming) done. Fewer distractions.
thanks for the willingness to update my profile pic. I had to run, but it was good to see you, hope we have more time next time.
welcome back:)
Watching to see where will play football next year. Excited to work with him on building his brand in the NFL.
Grad Night at Disneyland AND Disney California Adventure!
for what?
: I juzz miss you is all :D
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!!!!!
RT : I want to start a National Read To Children Day. The date is every day of the year.
Not at all, Annie. No more silly than me to ask WWR, "How much do you pay?"
I am SO jealous of all these cinco de mayo festivities 😒
so cute
At least Obama had the integrity to remember eating dog.
Jays hand Rangers 2nd loss in row
that is what I want - potential to analyze in context of previous readings. hey, so I could steal (er, borrow) your notes. ha
Dude! Did I miss the zombie sombrero tea party brunch?!? (and when are we going thrifting?)
Metta playing great D, Bynum = D LEAGUE
I love beating Scott at Scrabble!
After seeing recaps of the game, no longer bummed I didn't see the BCS Championship.
Pumpkin Ale already?
that could be most useful for cottage weekend
come out for a beer.. At Nyack Pourhouse on Main St.
No way my friend!
Finally figured out what the rancid smell was in the work fridge. You're welcome co-workers.
You was playing games
Sun is out #Seattle. We have great items for your outdoor #lunch (and outside seating). 101 Stewart @ 1st Ave near Pike Place Market
I think I know that guy!
how many points do the Heels lose by tonight?
Friends reruns until 3am are going to be the death of me!
Bronx NY, how bout u ?
It's the final countdown! Last day of the #NRAShow. Come by booth 6825 for a Chicago style dog, and make your stomach happy!
heading to the airport with :) so excited but man is there a lot of traffic!
Nothing's Ever Built To Last .
what does #HOP mean?
Probably not a coincidence that the word "I" one letter, and the word "we" - two ..
DUDE. I WAS!
Oh man. Something doesn't feel right when you have an insane week of work, and more than 1/2 the office is gone on holiday vacation..
#Happy #Friday everyone! Any must see #Rockshows going on this weekend? Keep us posted!
the hot spot is the good spot at CV...electro,funk,soul at it's best thinks to dj moma!!
Watching ridiculousness .. Dude its so fuckin funny lmao
RT! if u cant stand fake people
OMG Ramona and Beezus is my favorite!!! That movie is so good!!!!
Headaches from brainstorming .. I cnt understand this situation
what was yr name again? :)
I remember meeting a while ago. New York is a lot of fun! Hope you are well
I'm not sure how a coach is supposed to stop an asshole fan from contacting a player. not sure how that works.
not 'chillin' but 'chilling'
U trippy mane?
Nag Champa is an Indian fragrance, commonly found in incense, soaps, perfume, and candles.
I hate riding buses
The full announcement should be coming on the 15th (or so I'm told).
#iloveitwhen you Are super nice to your fans I LUV YOU <3<3<3 BUT THIS WONT GET RTD BUT OH WELL (,=
Soul train for
Good Night
At bk so fun..taking lil girl to girl scouts at 630
Can't argue with that! RT : No zoo compares to the San Diego zoo.
everyone call 18888367603 and vote for #tad <3
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...
when you look in the mirror, don't focus on your flaws... focus on your beauty.
But Davis has a chance to transform that team. MKG could easily end up there, too, if Bobcats fall out of top spot.
If it happens again, I'm visiting another high school instead
Dear Mittens, you are a piece of shit. I don't favor your Mormon ass being anywhere near my rights or the rights of the ones I love.
The irs did exactly the same kinds of paper manipulation FRAUD in the lawyer's case as in ours, EXCEPT n ours they made death threats w/guns
Scott Walker even lies to the people who give him big bucks. He's like a hooker who says, "You were the best ever."
ohh you just got back from college? Yeah I can tell you've gained like 15 pounds.
thanks for the mention of our paper
Yes we are. Go Rangers!! ": Kiss my ass #detroit #TEXASRANGERS are gonna lay down the law on you tonight!"
uh..yeah..
Let's focus on heckling 8th place Liverpool. Shall we?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The question is how do you stop drew brees? You must first get to him
This morning, listened to John Maxwell's minute, I have a new persepective on Harmony, Thanks John
that reporter deserved a punch
Good one.
I don't like coach Kelly. Idkw but I do. She said I wasn't committed enough this year and thats why she cut me.
Grigoriy Burtayev - "YouTube tired off me... and Facebook, and GoogleFace+. They wanna Resign its game"
Nerds n Dorks gettin ripped. I'm a secret nerd (star wars and Lord of the Rings but don't tell anybody!)!
Penny Stock lovers I really see " APRO.PK " really taking off this week.. get it NOW
has live tweeted political stuff, road rallies, OccupySD
HEADS UP! Belt Parkway closed due to flooding, both directions & Bay 8th street
Thanks promise RT : S/O to one of my favorite producers and close friend Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey, thanks for following.
If my dad knew what the internet was, he'd be totally bummed that Levon Helm died.
says homework is to try Google Hangouts for community engagement.
Any chance you can help me secure Keith Ferazzi for our show?
Honestly though, my mom'lls til believe your mom over me
but I can't! your dms aren't working!!?
Get it girl.
286b3b98 « add me on bbm if you like *no weridos*
ya he wanted to go last year but we missed it.. and just saw an ad for it at Walmart
I can't thank you enough for the help with my boy the rapper! you guys rock the promos!
All levels of education should be free in Jamaica so that not only rich people pickney get opportunities to learn and lead.
We will find out tomorrow. Hauling water for last week, very #firstworldproblems complaint though.
bitches need to know when to
Goldie video is best video of 2012. Hip hop classic,that Money Ain't A Thang. Timeless feel. Shit changed my life for the better.
Wishing all students a great first day back after Spring Break!
Debating on actually going to the caf by myself.. Usually don't, but i am just hungry as can be..
Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
Just remember.. I'm one of a kind & you'll never find another like me.
Everything's coming up Koyaanisqatsi.
Thankss , I fuck wit yours too
Fourth cup!
All I can think about is how much you loved me since I was a little girl you been holding my hand and showing me how to be strong thanks God
I'm bored mike....
Another beautiful day wasted at work :'( Catch me laterr.
Right when I though someone liked me... He doesn't why would he who ever does NEVER!! I'm done
Man, I ain't EVEN tryin' to take the dog out right now. Ain't even tryin'.
My bad, says "thousands of" - need to read closer
Getin that am start here in Montana baby
it sure is! what's your favorite flavor?
Completely unhelpful- "Toni is like a glass of water that has been left standing a long while". So... -DvL
Just tried a Chai Tea latte for the first time from USC's RTH cafe...its absolutely delicious!!!
looking for a unique way to look at holiday lights on the canals? join us 4 one of our holiday light tours starting nov 26th!
im bout to be famous!!! :)
We'd LOVE to but all attempts to visit have been rebuffed. Which makes brewers instantly less attractive. :)
You Know It, Fam. All Day
whatcha listening to?
Late Night tweets made my night So Much Better hahaha!
Hurray! I'm going to court today to fight a speeding ticket , wish ne luck . I didn't speed. Crooked north town police.
im patient when it comes to my music
Up and can't sleep.
lookin forward to it
#tnla12 Get out of the library and build relationships in your community
I hope so!
“: 4 day bender? Great weather and sports all week. To be 22 again!” party like its 1999!! Legendary year...
the sellers or buyers? And how public is that info? I can see this going badly and being misunderstood if too specific w/$
Wonderful people, wonderful wedding. So happy for Kevin and Chelsea!!! :)
You are NOT. You're gazing into a terrier's eyes. ;) XO
Thanks, I appreciate that!
Julia is gonna be here in a half hour and im still in bed.
Thank you as well Scott! For friendship and excellent tweets
lol he was being so stupid I was only talking to him for like 5 min then I went back home (:
Just met Topher Grace. Cool dude!
hey, whats going on
Let's be clear on this...“: My chocolate debate cupcakes are in the oven. And they are all winners. #db8”
"What are you rebelling against, Johnny?" "What've ya got?"
Thanks to the for the follow!!! Great Food by the way!
Woah, all 8 episodes of ‘I Hate LA’ are now on YouTube?! Sweet! Check them out! rocks!!
The #MLB Fan Cave needs a replica of me.
that's Marty's 12 year old daughter he mad "Hugo" for
let me get a cup of that OJ!!!
We can print your logo on anything, pretty much. Stick out, be remembered. It's what we do.
that looks awesome
What y'all gettin into tonight!
How do scaredy-cats answer the phone? Yellow?
Santacon&El Clasico this Saturday,5 work days left for the rest of the year&winter is here aka perfect turbo weather for the Audi
That's awesome!
#13thingsilove consecutive days off :D
compelling is how I would describe after watching it.
lmao u can!! u lying
Just saw Doug McDermott at target so obviously I asked him to teach me how to dougie and looked at his girlfriends butt
bar run
Science Cafe edition on the Sound of Ideas this morning. We're talking about radiation risks and rewards- join us!
my head says leave but my heart says stay
Now serving MIMOSAS every weekend, starting this Saturday!
Really sad I couldn't go to #alamw12 w/ ...will comfort self by plotting a trip to
Just because you knew me.. don't mean you know me..
pretty good just bored as we speak
we are just awesome like tht
It's my Day Off!! Wtf Am I Gonna Do Today!
sure thing!
This broad at Taco Bell is STUPID! She's ruining my great day!
I did today. Hunting for Turkey. Well, more like napping and eating candy bars with nature.
#FF Shout outs to Have a happy & productive Friday
why u so sexy?
I hate callin women bitches. Most women hate it. But too tha ones who love it. . . . . . Wus up BITCHES!!!!!!
Call and request "Beautiful Thing" on your local radio stations!
Waiting for my son to get home. It will be good to see him again!
Happy April Fool's Day!
Holla back at ya!
shut up abby.
thanks for coming out to tweetup & great to meet you! coming up to FortWorth for Txla13?
It Has To Be A Joke!!Lol
Hope you are right. We need consistency
ii naaa! Well, you guys need it with that heat. It's going to be above 80 for the first time this year in Seattle.
I'm ready! <3
I'm an Etsy fan. So many beautiful handmade items.
We'd like to welcome back associate editor Zach DuFresne!
I'm so hungry.
indianaplis eifs companies, indianapolis eifs repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis stucco companies, indianapolis stucco
got an applause break on saying the word wal-mart. Ventura Harbor is awesome!
Ah. I'm guessing a Buffy thing? I only watched enough Buffy to realize I didn't care for it.
Mr.Roth... Thanks for the follow
Marco Estrada is so bad
Put Batch in ASAP. Love Ben, but he is not helping us.
Lets Git R Done
You may be confusing me with
let's guitar this mofo.
Fog, clouds...when did #Encinitas turn into London?
American Citizens can now be arrested for NO reason, and be detained with NO trial for ANY amount of time!
different approach to personalization: "person-to-person interactions, if done right can even scale "
amazing finale to #thewalkingdead - michonne, welcome aboard! the show needed you! can't wait for season 3!
You know where I live just text me anytime!! I'm coming back on on Sunday
Upset I missed
yes ma'am baby! Monday!
You think it would have changed the vote?
checks TL for a link to moby..has an interesting audio file...
Show me that
Shot out to all them hoe ass niggas out there .......... Somebody got to bee the bitch nigga . Lol
Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand.
Just heard the 1st thunder of the year. AHO!
Yes...but that does not mean you do not make an effort if you don't like the subject.
Vote for dalila!!! Because she's pretty hahahha MADE MY FRIKEN DAY!!!
Mo tonight! Give me my bone marrow butter and pinot noir.
Detective Latchkey 5by5 Episode. John, what bag r u using for your MacBook Air 11" Kind thanks.
Yay!! I'll leave my moose at home!
you should change your last name to a different homonym. you should change it to Cristina WHY!?!?!
You have both (:
Something about your body girl just gives me directions ...
Heh. For federal tax purposes, my business is a "Disregarded Entity." Pretty much says it all, doesn't it.
#FF she is so beautiful so sweet, so nice, so amazing and incredible she's gorgeous ;)
Sugar Bowl Virginia Tech 3-0 vs Michigan Wolverine
Message us your questions!
go over where? Megan's confused!
I would leave my running shows at school -.-
Thanks you, I appreciate that. I'm hoping the for the same :D
I hate wen (→ME ←)people tweet Sumn STUPID .
An MLK article inspired me to watch the movie "Gandhi", which inspired a great dream last night, which inspires me to say...
I think you should invest in a pair or 3! Lol
Check out GalTime Atlanta on facebook! Search for "GalTime Atlanta" and go ahead an "like" us. Cool new content and updates everyday!
Street cleaning for the sidewalk.
Looking forward to the AL conference in our home town of Boston, March 24 to 27. We will be there with our books!
just maybe restrict your usage to web sites/email as to not disturb the ol' ATT
the overwhelming evidence of the Bible says you can't, I.e. Phil 1:6, Eph 1:13, John 17:12.
Apologizing does not always mean u or the other person is wrong it just means you value ur relationship more than ur ego.
The Madness will continue tonight! Perfect night for outside TV!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
My parents LOVE to keep stuff from me..
“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
Im pretty sure eating candy before bed isnt a good idea, but.. idgas.
Yom Kippur is just around the corner... Have you reserved your Break Fast meal?
give me a sec to take a look at that.
So you're a pretty big deal, haha, everyone is so excited about you communicating with your fans(-: Thank you!
“: A boyfriend shouldn't just be a boyfriend. To have it happier and more worthwhile, they should also be your very best friend.”
If you act like you don't know me now,don't be surprised if I don't seem to know you later.Deal?
Low blood sugar can cause children to have symptoms similar to ADD/ADHD symptoms and sometimes is misdiagnosed as ADD/ADHD.
how about infant-at-arms?
one of his best songs
Just Got A Skype! :)
Chris Bosh went to the vet and they said he's out indefinitely
hot coffee tastes so much better on crisp mornings
it's brotha man!
Thanks for my liking my page Harmony, Austin, and John! :-)
#Tigers down one, 6-5. It sure is good to see Ryan Rayburn come through for his teammates (and us very critical fans). Go !!!
i don't mean to brag, but i know every word on license to ill
Sarah, Alyssa, and Angela
Manning. Luck. Imagine if they hadda kept Elway. Some curse.
We are NOT who our past say we are..
Just got back from the meet.
Was all excited to see Gomez play at Kane County on Tuesday before finding out it is a 11 AM game. Who goes to those?
hey joel , how are you thanks for following me ! ;D
congrats! what level is spice rays?
you're too kind. Rubbermaid goodness in the kitchen or the outdoor writing space - who would've thought?
That's awesome that you met Kathleen and Janet!
First person to solve an upcoming word scramble wins 4 tickets to opening night of Summerfest... tweet with your answer!
honored“: #FF Awesome photographers edition: ”
Live life like if its yo last
good greek food!
#FF << she's beautifully amazing inside and out. And because she's my bestie (in my head).
Tell me what you think! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Straw Poll. What's the Bourbon to use in a Mint Julep?
Is Memphis on your schedule SOON?
STOP TELLING GOD HOW BIG UR PROBLEMS ARE. AND START TELLING UR PROBLEMS HOW BIG YOUR GOD IS!
TRAFFIC: West Washington Ave @ Regent Street - RR Crossing - car hit the RR Crossing Pole
I miss you too!! I can't wait for our adventures this summer haha
I am picking up the keys at woodley park apt on wed of next week!
the best is better I leave you red over green like a fredy sweeter
starting my brother on PHD tomorrow after several LC paleo failures due to compliance. How much fruit is rec'd?
Due to your great taste in t.v. shows, you shall be followed, lol. :)
Looks great!!!
Bout to take flight...( lights Blunt ) ... up,UP,and AWAY!!!
Went for a long walk yesterday.
Happy holidays everyone!!!
what happened to it and im soo srry i hope u can fix it and i can make u one if u want me to
www.hrjobboard.com
that is cool :)
lol so I'm right right?
thanks for tweet. #Crowdfunding is growing and we're here to help those in need and want. Pay it forward
Next week ONLY, become a Gold Card member for only $7.99! Just mention you saw it on Twitter or Facebook!!
NO ONE will understand my deep love for Lucky Charms <3
They need as many as they can get. They call them Lob City but they are Brick City from the foul line.
what's a life long hockey fan have to do to get NY Goon premier tickets, which happens to be 5 days after my birthday?
Did you know that Facebook,Apple,Google,Dell, combine employs less people tham GM on the 80's..Ouch!!!!!!
those bum ass niggas is the ones in the second round hahha
Permanently, painfully inspired by André Kertész's "Distortions" series
Had a yard sale to raise $ for the Ride to Empower in Red Rock Canyon, NV Oct. 22-25. Visit networkofstrength.org/ride to join the CO team.
So what part of Mexico are you from?? Um........ Miami hahaha
yes, let's grab a coffee tomorrow!
#SPRINGBREAK is here Gettin Intune! I'm Bout To Crank Up <=TECHNO=>
its cool, jus keep ya ass home n try ta make 2g's cuz
Can't tell you how proud I am of you! As an actor/filmmaker, I feel like you busted down some major doors. Congrats :)
Y'all tripping off of Meta worldpiece but world b free was the first NBA player to do that
saw her .. Crazy !
i really want austin mahone to come to Minnesota SO Bad. I'd Do Anything Just To See Him<3
Just got some tests from my #photoshoot w/ CK Photography. Given that it was on Cinco de Mayo & Supermoon night, they're NOT that bad. Haha!
Good job, Hoosiers!
Today im like "mom I have a boyfriend" nd shes like "is he cute?Let me see him!" then i showed her a pic of Austin she thought he was cute(;
good work homie!
I need to feel better so my weekend plans aren't ruined
Despite recent struggles, Tiger has finished in top 6 over last 7 appearances at the Masters (winning in 2005).
Imma show u how to make ur man say OH!! (literally) lol :)
Drive-Incubus #nowplaying 🎧
I need to find a new job!!!!!
whose hosting ?
#ivealwayswantedto Fight zombies with "Questions" by System of a Down playing really loud in the background.
HEY BOO WAT UP BLOW DAT KUSH LIKE A CANDLE
I did try several times on the computer and iPhone. However I believe we are good to go. I just posted! Thanks for fixing it!
I don't make the rules!!! I just remind people they exist =P #missyou btw!
There is not one team that I am confident about this weekend. Maybe Baltimore
can we start and official campaign to bring in vladimir guerrero now?
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I'm not even an Obama fanboy and I'm irritated at how retarded that logic is.
what are you saying? "epic fail?"
the metaphor works up to the point he got blown away
All of this Weeden is old talk makes me sad. He is my age.
Not for nothing, let me get a look @ you.
We graduate so soon :)
My texting speed automatically increases when I'm angry.
I hope all these folks pushing means tested on this would be willing to support a graduated income tax.
her "informed" response
I Guess that’s why I get a funny feeling inside When I lick between your thighs O:
give a break! Your a$$ was hang in out, and melissa bared her chest bones. Why do u always 1up everyone?
Me too (re: headaches). I wonder if there are some people who just have no idea how much perfume they're wearing.
Happy Boxing Day!
So there was apparently a bomb threat in the bathroom today ~Devin.Anne<3
Nope - Rick Santorum
RT MY breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me. --Job 17:1
Boning up on National History Day rules for exhibits, which I'm judging today. I'm excited & nervous; prob how students feel this am, too!
on #60minutes was amazing. Such an inspiring story all around, and especially for tennis.
Where did you get that list? Wouldn't mind having it handy as I knock on doors.
someone talk to me i dont wanna be single anymore
i see haha
In Chicago for GreenBuild 2010! Bring on the Green 
Friend: *Shares a bag of chips* ..Best friends: *Eats them all, then gives you the empty bag* "You can have the rest."
J. Cole - Never Told ..
were going to
I miss living across the street from Starbucks. Its like a relationship you still love and want but know you can't easily have.
I'm turning into that.
If you haven't seen "Red Tails" yet go & check it out this weekend!
Answers and solutions are coming at heinz field as we adjust the lens and vision.
I might be about top have a niece or nephew. Ah! Can't believe them two. ^_^
never heard of it but sounds good
Cutie pie Jonathan Taylor Thomas turns 30 today. I can't believe he's 30. Makes me feel old.
Steve Jobs revolutionized the world, his contributions to how we live are immeasurable. RIP!
#FloridaRestaurantShow is coming up soon. Need embroidered polos for your team? Printed tees 4 giveaways? Call us at 877-244-9913!
Coffee Caucasian , lmao. love you !
Modern Love makes everything better.
Be careful to live your own life. The time you spend following someone else you're missing out on your own.
You could probably make it with white chocolate and a bit of raspberry syrup. Not super chocolatey though.
Song after Song !!
Genius - just submitted last eve on your website. Excited to hear when it's up :)
“: Children, if your middle aged dad tries to walk out the front door in skinny jeans - stop himNot a good look.” and vice versa!
As President, how would you ensure that the 10th Amendment is being properly recognized and implemented by the federal gov't?
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Spoiler alert: he's been spotted checking out phone cards at a 7-11.
Join us tonight for a mighty musician Kevin James. The place to be in the Village!
I better get something good this weekend. I barely shit in the house this year.
NP. Will try and get out there. Really glad the movement is taking root in DC.
Omg Ur so cute!
my cats just figured out catnip. it's a mix of running, pouncing, rolling, and noises.
" GM to build $200 million stamping plant..reut.rs/wqr80P " Wow.. and they have all of these empty plants setting idle.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 38
those hats are turrrrrrible
Y my friend be chasing that high??? Let it come to u!
haha... Hey, my voodoo doll worked. Kendall Marshall = broken wrist. Though, i wouldn't wish real injury on anyone. Just losses.
I just text those lyrics to my mom. She's going to tell me to go to bed
We're so glad you did! Hope to see you next year!
For all news and updates about the Texas Rowing Championships follow
where were the earthquakes?!
The aging Boston Celtics will get a break in the second round. Home court advantage against the 8th seeded Sixers.
Why can't Siri send a txt on a schedule, like "Send Lindsay a txt at 7:15 tomorrow morning re: remember the check."
RT : Follow Elle Fanning An amazing actress, truly sweet person, and good friend of mine!
FRESH OUTTA NEW YORK!
the name haha
Holy spinning heel kick
Majority of Dems and independents are in favor of same sex marriage & he's not going to win many (if any) GOP votes anyway.
Adding this abbreviation to my arsenal: ik!r?
Ut oh, bartenders know my first name @ the bar.... and it's not Norm! #propermarketing or
i'm going to set up a flickr account as well; can i follow your photostream there once i do?
Stuck in the Mountains
I miss having someone to complain to!
we <3 you!
Disregard any suspicious private msg from this account. #hacked #changingpassword :/
Club poppin dirty bass girls droppin
Yes, , can we get a shout out for #levilowrey? please? =)
I don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant....
I miss my girlfriend o y'all thought I was single LMAO :0
He's a ribald novel boy, I'm a dirty limerick girl. Ours is a forbidden love.
Great. My film () is almost done. Just a few more things in post left to do!
miss u too :D
I ate too much rice and now my stomach hurts
He loves all of his angels (:
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
Lol can't wait to see get Punk'd :)
Gotta make a Dr.Appt!! Think i got Dylans interear inffection!:0 J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Hey #Charlotte, nice city - great people
New day..big moves.stay motivated
I love your pic
Q1) Not much of a gamer. I did enjoy playing pinball when I was young...Okay, I still enjoy playing pinball.
I've never been one for love.
HotSpot...I'm chillin'..getting ready for a brewski..I think its Beer thirty...
White House and its GOP allies defended the president for not disclosing intelligence that Osama bin Laden wanted to hijack U.S. airplanes.
Not at all. There are 19 year olds there, and it's all rubric based. Plus, Manna from SLA is older than me.
RT : A lot of DM's saying "somebody is posting horrible things about you..." [and they are malware scams, so beware!]
This evening we pray for all our members and friends who are facing sickness
if Lebron missed those shots like Kobe everyone would be talking shit.. So I am too about Kobe
Butler to the A-10. Great move!
Choripan and tequila at Cinqo de Mayo in Austin, TX = hot.
Thank you! :D I hope your tooth is feeling better!
catching up on about 1 1/2 months worth of the office...opps.
One Direction's gunna be on iCarly for my birthday.
Being at the airport makes me miss my fam. Family is the most important thing in the world to me. Nothing will ever change that.
haha wow I'm surprised you aren't asleep
I love your life!!! #Whitneyhayes.net #registeritbeyootch!!
For sure, we have a dev center in Austin, so it's our home turf. Meet up then?
RT : Seriously, now that the mining bill is dead, aren't all the mining symbols on the flag false advertising?...
this weekend, someone thought I said "taco kampf" when I really said
Hit my neighbors trash can 2x already and it only 1043
For the 44th district of MD, issue 1 has always been #jobs. Very close 2, schools.
which was obviously followed up with, "it was Col. Mustard, in the Library, w/the knife??..."
I'm a one woman type of girl. I've grown and matured and running through random females is not me. Ready to settle bak down!
But but but I'm a techie, going to a tech conference! How am I supposed to I code without coffee? *cries*
This cold has made me sick to my stomach
Thanks Michelle
The Scarlet Poop.
last night first singing gig in a year, sang with uptown jazz... very cool Gershwin, Porter, Berlin
Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society
“: They Don't Call Them "Fun-Baggs" For Nothing! ;)” i usually call them bait
Today was a good day :D
that Dunk Contest was garbage
Sorry to here
The only time I won't want you next to me in bed will be when our daughter has a nightmare because she'll need her Daddy.
Pretty sure is a partner with YouTube. Idk if that helps
good night♥
so true. I had no mentorship or real direction in my first PR job. It was just here's what you need to do, figure out the rest.
There always is someone at the college party that is so energetic that they're either on something, or forgot to take something.
School yearbooks from War Relocation Centers! I repeat, so much untapped #genealogy info.
I hate being the first one awake....
3-0 night for most.... 2-1 for some of you.... Nonetheless, another winning day and another HUGE RED CARPET WINNER! See you tomorrow!
cool, always love your comments :)
Good luck coach!! I'll be watching!!
thanks for following me!! :D followed you guys too!!!
Lose weight with proper diet and exercise
There's a lot happening this #weekend in Miami: #MiamiBoatShow #CoconutGrove Art Fair #Wynwood Art Fair. Get out and enjoy!
Hey I'm staying outside NYC for a few more weeks. If you're around, would be great to grab coffee & meet in person.
love what? Lol
I'm with you there. I think I've had 2 dropped calls in 7 months. Had many times that daily on AT&T...
Watching a movie:)
Its important to drink water after a massage to maintain your hydration levels
SWEET! RT : Goodbye And boys :) Springfield or bust!
this is all your fault-----> 'I Believe I Can Fly'
RT : Anyone ever seen this movie called "Zack & Marie makes a porno" ?? Lmao its hilarious
that soulmate revelation occurs 2 min after the signing bonus is received. Its a miracle! AMEN!
Do I *have* to get up and live like an adult today? I'd rather not.
�Our personal power is found in the force of our thoughts ? it is our real strength
I just got hissed at by a person. That's a first!
respect is like pussy, everybody dont get it because everybody aint worth it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (:<3 you guys are really awesome
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.”
Fuck these fake ass pacer fans.. yall really just #HeatHaters smh find a Damn team n stick wit em
You can't be telling the #nofilter truth! Wow!
A $5 billion IPO filing by Facebook? Can anyone really fathom just how much money that really is?
Occupy Parrish Street
Oh YEAH? You think YOU lack sex appeal? Lately all the chicks I meet are maneuvering me into their Words With Friends-Zone.
This game is nuts
my friends used to call me a clown so I found a deeper meaning, A clowns job is to make people happy but no one seesthetearsof1
Fall says she was "all in" for race but is throwing her full support behind Barrett, says shared goal is to recall Walker.
Will you please be nice and wish my friend Rosie a happy birthday? :)
you are a great inspiration if you go on my page and look and biography your one of my inspirations you tell us never give up
WE WILL
I'm definitely losing it. I just cried a little at the end of the movie Babe. A. Grow up, Meesch. B. Get it together, Meesch.
times up. yo. homeward bound.
Fuck u rangers
Tonight is not my night...
found your debit card last night on Sanchez Street (near where it crosses Liberty). Please tweet me back.
NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west / RT : What's your delivery area?
what it do?? Whats poppin tonight?
big bone? Haha
I cant believe that I called that Rod Barajas home run. I didn't tell anybody. But I called it.
Star, tell me! do you think Dr. Murray should be facing murder changes or he just happen to be a very stupid doctor!
ask an attendant for a #CharlieCard or find them literally scattered on the ticket machines #thingsthatshouldbemoreorganized!
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
I didn't know you were in partnership with The Good Bike Project.That's pretty awesome cause those guys are cutting edge.
Gumball Head is now on tap at The Rigby!
I really really wish I had someone that told me how much I meant to him.
ASk him! RT : Hm I wonder if I could get to let me have a look ;-P
how about the fact that in their careers, MJ still has more FG attempts than Kobe...what does that say about MJ?
: Watch out world there's another Jaye...AND SHE LOVES JESUS TOO! enjoyed lunch with you. Chat soon :). #lwlforum11"
GET IT RememberTrust
I don't think my arms have ever been this sore before. 4 days now.
oh wow that's cool I never had a twitter made for me:)
Today = Pretending to live the life becomes The Life. En route to the vineyard, wine glass in hand.
NCAA Football starts in 4 days. Join us on Thursday 9/3 for great matchups like Villanova vs Temple and Oregon vs Boise State!
I'm gonna be in asia tomorrow. weird!
Just back from two weeks off the grid. Anything new happen while I was gone? ;)
Likewise! I'll be there - hope to meet live at SXSW.
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?this would really mean alot to me :D <3
awesome pic. Is that in your apartment? Looks super cute!!
yeah, I'm not taking the next act. I'd like to just get through the sat first
Indoor water in winter =sick...I feel like crap..ugh.
nothing just watch disney channel
My debt to you, Belovèd, Is one I cannot pay In any coin of any realm On any reckoning day. ---Jessie B. Rittenhouse
This time tomorrow I plan to be making eye contact w
lol bad built is the new sexy:) look at keenth his shoes leaning n this sub boring -___-
#PutHoeInTheTitle Law & Order: Special Hoes Unit
Dude, I think your twitter got hacked.
We broke 7,000 words on the novel tonight. Time for a drink.
# discover shows top stories in your world more and more personalized with engagement
I ’ve been watching House M.D. since it first aired in 2004, and I can safely say that last night ’s “Risky Business ” was a stea
Listening to while dwelling in my own misery. Breakups suck and I'm really getting sick of this.
Taylor Phinney crash - ouch!
Hit me up on fb n follow me on twitter
take me with you, i start to miss you.
I see you Cincinnati
Thinking about my septum ?.
Hi! Compare a Dell 1520 Inspiron Battery, we are $59.99 inc Shipping vs BatteriesPlus at $80.99 + Shipping. Try Us!
keys are no longer 'extensional' literal values or platform specific guids. #LinkedData replaces those relics with Hyperlinks.
History's most famous genius had a point: “It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -- Einstein
RT : #DFMchat today is about tweeting in journalism. Let's see how many Sky News rules we break at noon ET
Thanks! We're excited!
there's only 8 more days till my party how excited are you I'm really excited
it sucks! Then I get home and take a long nap and I stay upp late again :/
omg ur like profile pic thing is so cool like the background! its really pretty! bahah were where you!? bahah :)
or < One of them will be Voted Best New Artist of the Month and Go On To the Finals against
thank you!
I wanna see I wanna see
she doesn't! NOBODY UNDERSTANDS!
How many hrs u work a day?
Service Recommendations for an 11yo with #aspergers in #WashingtonDC? #autism please advise
Just because college isn't my thing doesn't make me a scumbag dad. I'm making bank, so fuck off.
I KNOOW! I CAN'T WAIT:)
woo!! I'm going to London this fall to visit , so now I'll have a gorgeous map to help me navigate!
Tonite @ 80 St Marks Place NYC: Triangle Shirtwaist Fire play performed by The Actors Company Theatre. Tix still available!
Best iPad calendar app? Tired of the native app not storing my past events...what do you use?
Lean Dreams video ?
SWEET. Awesome box of records. Just pulled out some "Hot Chip" and Q-Tip let's see what's next.v
@ timpanos restaurant with friends! Dr. Phillips Florida.
I need to get out of this house! Been here all day!!
Dentist time, and I strongly dislike the smell.
im not going to the roller jam tonite
Back in the USA.
Aw Aidonia always put me in the mood...Reggae!!!!
Yup, thanks. Like I said, I searched but didn't find anything.
Writers need to stop writing movies about writers. No one wants to watch that
nuthin much !:) r u watching the titans and jacksonville JAG. ?? I AM !
garlic is the best. Ever.
make drinking water to hydrate for bikram fun! add lemon slices, cucumber slices or raspberries.
Happy New Year Guys :D!
Coffee sounds great! I'm going on a big trip next week so maybe when I get back. I hiked Taylor Mtn this morning. Do you ride there?
I'm convinced Russell Westbrook and Reggie Miller are conspiring to ruin my life. Insult and injury in the same broadcast.
LMAO at the dude on the lakers bench with his hands on his head hahahahaha
Something is going on near Campo, CA border patrol area, traffic backed up and 3 very fast police cars have already passed us.
Wow!!!! What a great week!!!! We thank YOU very much for all your business with us.
all happy memories...well maybe apart from a few trips to take standard grades highers and SYS's haha.
But of course there are two, and I can look them up myself. But if you have a number handy, I'm curious.
I get bored easily..
all stretched out and ready to knock out!
wow... lol dm me how ur going to get that check for me please
Type of Dude to go Pray & then Go after wat I prayed for
So why DON'T those Pink Mulitway's come in 32 what about all the little Hispanic chicks and Asians and those kinds?
taking a break from fashions.. officially sick :( damn this LA bug going around.
ah, a Coke is exactly what I need to get through the rest of my night.
YES!“: At least once every hr make sure u get up from your office chair to stretch, march in place, or take a quick stroll outside.”
Are you a pro? Professional = Reliable + Consistent + Being able to produce a top quality product out of a chaos situation
Head to Nightlife tonight to see Rose from ! She's giving a talk on "How to make hummus" & slinging Pink Tacos Drake on 1/22.
ok got it...i will put it in part 8
Props for utilizing the word regal! “: We've never seen a more regal baseball player than Mariano Rivera.”
studio session... I dedicating all my time today to my new album... "Euros, P**sy & Champagne"... coming Fall 2012
: I'm currently on the hunt for an editorial assistant position. I'd definitely love to learn more about the opportunity!
Mindset & emotions, crucial! Enthusiasm for the project is what's currently sustaining my creative momentum. :)
Spice Gurls are kind of like McDonalds. Good every few years
Bayern the better matchup for Chelsea, both teams missing players, should be a great matchup
today is warm i can't wait to summer time cum up
Re-listening to "Keep It Like a Secret." Still amazing. Anybody know of a place that has a karaoke version of "Carry the Zero?"
More discussion topics: Youth engagement, social enterprise.
How pretty!! Hope you have a beautiful birthday!
God use MARTIN LUTHER KING TO MAKE THE WORLD BETTER,NOW WE GOTTA LET GOD USE US SO WE CAN MAKE THE LIL KIDS AROUND US BETTER
50 pack wouldn't make it through a week. Were talking 200 packs.
Follow me bo!? <3
The bad: sleep deprivation night 2 going very badly. The Good: I have many more cat on my head pics for my collection.
that is so the 90's
Some black people cant ever be on TIME...!!!!
Still Manhattan-based, actually, but in Cambridge from time to time!
i couldnt leave my prom date
awhhh! i love doing that(: i do it with baby pictruess
Getting measured today for a tux for my wedding! Exciting and expensive
Very interesting! Did you have to do significant market research for this?
S/o to the ladies who think like man and act like a lady. Please don't retweet this if you should be retweeting my last tweet.
They are gold and blue :)
"Do you want some soup?"
We have the same name! But, I'm an E :)
An Art Critic in Africa: The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali x2014; An Art Critic in Africa The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali, a reve
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes today to: C.B., L.G., L.D., R.L. and N.N.! Also, a huge D3 congrats to N.H. - job well done!
shut up -measure & Sarah
yes most definitely. any chance i can get to see Chip i'm there.
Yeah!! is such an amazing dancer!!! I want him to follow me too!!!:D
but then she's never going to shut up about me not showing up!
I hate eating blue lollipops cause they turn your mouth blue -_-
Realize this is first time seeing my hubby in tails & white tie. So handsome. Show's about to begin.
follow back(:
gcbc cagers shocks franchize all stars + hoopstars in back to back fashion. I jus wish they wudda sent me a sched.
As for many other women, Eat, Pray, Love put in perspective all my life
Where will I be in 5 years? Shit, at this point I'm hoping the Mayans come through for me..
Full moon = crazies / Cinco De Mayo = drunks / Full moon on Cinco De Mayo = crazy drunks. Please be careful out there!!!!
I'm freakin freezing...
Come plant new orchard trees with us this Saturday from 9 am to noon! Second Saturday Volunteers needed. Email .
One good thing about long distance? You don't have to deal with the aftermath of your boyfriend when your sports team loses.
Join us tomorrow at 9 &11 am for "Weathering the Storm - Dance with Life". Lesson: Rev Ray. Meditation: Rev David. Music: Erin...
“: I just asked Maggy if today was Saturday. I also asked her if we were in a country last night” cool story bro xoxo!
Depends on the gelato. RT : in a cage match for desserts, who wins: cake or pie?
And we're off! Day two of four! First up is "Lewis and Clark" by Allison Fuentes and Warren Perry.
Just playing acoustic on the sidewalk for BBOKC visitors. You can set up a tip jar too! CC:
Sunda.. Can't beat it...
-sigh- Why can't DC get their stuff together like Marvel so I can get a Justice League movie? An ALPHA FLIGHT movie is more likely than that
Looks great!
Version 3.1 in review to Apple. Minutes away from approval.
Listen to the call regarding SBC and real live testimonies. ***Wednesday March 28 @ 10PM EST Live with Top Gold Leader Brian Hill Dial...
Oh Lord let me be content in all circumstances.
Did you know your Valpak envelope could have a $100 instant win check in it? You may want to check that out.
#Twittermomentofsilence 4 Joe Paterno one of the greatest coaching iCons in History!!! send our prayers to his family!
CM Punk!!
. Personally, I'd substitute Vim, but anyway. But he's certainly looking at Mac web development through a very small myopic lens.
IN 2012 ACKNOWLEDGE GOD IN EVERYTHING YOU DO (Prov 3:6) In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight. #Sir Court
#running somewhere around 2:50. Not what I wanted but happy it is finished.
I don't know how Derek Fisher's still doing it, but he is executing some absolutely inch-perfect pick n' rolls tonight for the Thunder.
Daughter controls Albert Camus estate in FR. 8 Y.O. author Racer Rodriguez lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. WGAW hides their money in L.A
A goal from Sunderland or a goal from city or both. Come on.
Had a great lunch at Dough today. Love the burrrata and the marshmallow nutella panino rocked! Best meals in San Antonio!
I followed you already ,
Have you reviewed your policies/procedures for investigating employee complaints to make sure they are effective and will protect you?
What hath Barack to do with Bank of America and Bain?
Senior will be at qualifying with Freshman on the bag...Good Luck!
love you niall, even tho you won't reply. :)
aww thanks. I think it's his principles and foreign policy more... but whatever you say! Or gets them to the booth :) lol
Personal mission of the day: See how many senior citizens I can get balls out wasted by bartending a graduation party.
Tom Hanks is potentially eying Broadway in Nora Ephron's STORIES ABOUT MCALARY, a play about late New York Post columnist Mike McAlary.
You can still get these two great books, at an amazing price. Give poetry a gander and let me know what you think on amazon.
Q87.7 chicagos underground alternative. I don't think Gotye is alternative really...
Huh in tired off working. I cnt wait till I get a day off man.
sometimes the best therapy =
DC Universe Online Fans. Question: How do you use the Soder Cola in the game?
they made it so you understand their sobs, as opposed to whining/subtitles. but ya. still awful. hopefully gone after mothers day
If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
heck yeah..I could go for a garden burger.
Shanny will win with Skins, but will forever be in search of next Elway. Don't be surprised if trades and drafts more QBs.
play the Late Show with David Letterman tonight!
#53 is for me
Ready for a change in your home? New hardwood floors from Select Floors Inc. offer a stylish, low maintenance and hypo-allergenic option!!
#MidnightSnacking is my favorite part of life. Okay, that's a lie.
Whay isn't Thome pinch-hitting? Oh, wait a minute....
Everyone in my row on this bus is reading an actual book, no kindles, and it's so weird that I think I'll tweet about it.
Don't tell me how u think I should live just cuz u fucked up urs u trying to live through me. 👊👊👊
RT : : A's, Orioles "Most Interested" In Manny Ramirez #mlb Why would any team what him? He is a disgrace.
PLEASW FOLLOW ME
#IADMIT that I'm addicted to food, so eating is something like a sport.
You're doing God's (lonely man's) work. Hail His name!
omg such a great day!!!!
Tomorrow: chocolate, cheese, wine and meet the cheesemonger and chocolate maker! Come on in!
thank u for the follow. stay tuned to homelessdogmusic.com
Enjoy a with ur fink bomb when their truck comes 2night from 8 til late.
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris
LETS GO PACKERS!!!
Thank you for following me!! I will follow you soon xoxo
you really have an Amazing voice!! I love your expressions and everything!
Thanks for following!
thanks for the follow friend! Hope to see you out sometime soon - seems like it's been forever.
Here at #structureConf - please come say hi at the table
The bad girls club bitches are soft! My sisters,Kithia,Monica,my ex,an her sister would beat the shit outta them soft ass tramps
Be nice & say thank you ... I love that!
please follow for me plz
This has been cancelled RT "Indiana Authors and Their Books" - Digital Library Brown Bag series. 4/11 12-1p
To my fellow Fantasy Footballers. One more quarter to go.
I see you
As long as it is going east, we are all good.
I just lost my temper at the TSA. Never a good idea, but especially un-bright the day before Thanksgiving.
I redid my farm too to get the haunted house. LOL
I used to be depressed and miserable, but I've decided to turn my life around. Now I'm miserable and depressed.
this weekend is Hard Swimming & Monday is a great way to start the week with an amazing class!! ;) W/Erin!! Fitness Forever kids xo
Before I saw the picture I thought Kelsey designed a mock mobile website for Vans shoes.
Specials today at Cafe 300: chicken noodle soup, New England clam chowder, Turkey w/ spinach & roasted red pepper panini
cool, see you there!
solidarity - keep us posted
Rolfe Neill~ Reading transports me. I can go anywhere and never leave my chair. It lets me shake hands with new ideas.
My friend thought it would be funny if he pepper sprayed my arm. Burns like hell
Right back atcha!:)
Nice Win #San Diego !
U replyed back to my tweet a while a go i know u busy but i not gonna stop tweetin for u !!! zswaggers FOREVAH!!!!!
Dear Smartphone, Please stop auto-correcting all my swear words. You piece of shut. You're a can't. Just go to he'll. Thanks.
hehe your name is so cute :)
I'm on my way to Philadelphia for SLA
Ecac stands for Emergenc Community Arts Collective
don't suck him up Sean
I wish! So there's a pair of corso como pumps I want but I can't decide which color. May need your help.
send me some stuff
PD Tips: Identify high-end users, showcase what other faculty members are doing to create excitement
let me tell it...
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
i second that...me & sleep have a love/hate relationship anymore.
Make Greg pay! ": #FF when he hits 27,000 followers he's going to tweet out ten $100 gift codes! #Karmaloop!"
it was great I enjoyed myself.. Thx for asking... How u doing
you're awesome!
There are so many opportunities. Problogger is a great one.Many more too. We probably need a dedicated chat
uh I know but I'm missing it!!!!
This was a very good idea.
Go shawty it's your birthday and we gone party like its your birthday! :D
#ItsaGoodPoopIf you have to change the toilet tissue afterwards.
k, anyone i know going to see this evening? it's going to be painful not photographing a show.
Homebrew nerds, what do you think of the WilliamsWarn?
except for the whole band being there thing
*on ... Stupid touch screen :)
Been keeping up with my best friend all day it would be 2 yrs next month when she loss her mother
Yes! I was just going to say the whitelighter, couldn't remember the name.
John Mayer performs live at Richmond's Landmark Theater on 4/24 - tix on sale 3/2 at 10am
Hey everybody if you are a true shake it up fan go and follow this cool dude he isnt on shake it up but you'd be cool
I'll be there - should be a great conference!
Aw yeah I already checked you out. told me to hit you up
Goooodddniteee world.. Gonna actually try to sleep before 3AM this time. We'll see if it works folks
