So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still
Ten days left til summer! #Bittersweet , but mostly sweet :-)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me
Lol what a joke...
If you don't find one, I might be able to sneak you into one I run at Harvey field in Snohomish. Both kids could play together.
my 21st bday is tomorrow! You and come celebrate! :D
M love the Hamptons off season when it's quiet. So pretty and calm.
poor #stephenwalsh <3 tell him i hope he feels better!
just used my gift card! Yummy burger! Thnx!
No dislike button there either.
Happy Monday!! ZuZu is rocking come and join everone else for lunch. Be seen. It is the place today!
let me know :)
Congratulations! Beautiful #MidCentury home!
my bush is gettin on my nerves!.
<3 <3 <3 Thank you! We love your style!
Okay why I can't see everyone who followed me unless u click on my followers WTF !!!
im really diggin your profile picture (:
yo whats good this is Adoniyah, im interested in buying some beats, send me some packages...
He should record this in the studio. Words wouldn't do it justice on describing it.
Who wears flip flops and sock when it's raining?!?
Headed to EKU on a field trip sure beats being in class!!
let the college kids keep their brackets, WFMU/Best Show are in the big leagues. I'm just sorry for that last slew of callers
Not Joseph Addai! AND Peyton Manning? For SHAME. (Maybe they'll come to Denver and joing the #Broncos!)
I've gotten so many Cyber deal emails my mailbox is nearly full!
Come see our new studio January 13th and 14th. Times to be announced!
Happy #tmoneytuesday !!!!! So tired can't even keep my eyes open in first period 😞
Surprising that I'm the only one laughing at the equation S(L-UT) in Econ class
i'm timeless like a broken watch,
"Practicing what you're not good at takes work. Practicing what you're good at is lazy." -Victor Wooten
not sure yet. Keep you posted
Boys? hahaha they don't like me.
For all who joined Sustenio last night for Valentine's dinner, we are sure it was love at first bite!
hello to all wolfies get readY for teen wolf tonight at 10:00 =D
that tweet totally made my whole week! <3
Thanks to all Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Book your upcoming event now by logging onto www.okcpartybus.com or calling 405.447.2446
#Badgers to face #Virginia in #ACCB1G Challenge on Wednesday, Nov. 28. Game time and TV network still to be determined
Thanks, I got it. I just needed to edit the Show notes because I forgot to credit my music!!!! I figured it out though :)
nvm just wondering
that's terrible to all the austistic giraffes out there..
Impressive line-up this morning: Eva Moskowitz, Mayor Cory Booker and President Clinton
I like Omnibus Rabbit!
Noir Fridays featuring Chicago's one and only tomorrow doors open at 10 PM RSVP 3125459057 for free entry
Making some changes, planning new things!
Harry:"Its gotta be Lou only Lou" Niall:"Its gotta be food only food" Lou & Liam:"Its gotta be you only you" Zayn: "Its gotta be me only me"
Put in a rush order for a restaurant bid. That short order has been rolled out!
Agreed. Hope you're feeling better.
Lori's here today offering her excellent custom embroidery at very low prices. See her other great notions at A Stitch in Time 11-7 today.
I still agree with the mayor on #seinfeld... The people of #nyc should all wear name tags
was so honest about the deception at the end. I do have to say I think I'd still be a major fan even if we weren't related. ;-)
Always keeping it extra real. RT "We blame coaches for some of these sorry-ass players way too much." Preach Charles!
nice job of reporting
Sorry NINER NATION.
The Hoodie/Rape bait comparison is invalid. Hoodies attract law enforcement! That's the radar these young men need to avoid
Alex Rodriquez, Lebron James, and Tony Romo walk into a bar....
okayy so ... today i saw him at school and i was so happy that he went (: he really made my day today and also he looked so cute ! (:
#vivoifest12 panelist on importance of provenance of info: "I think there's going to be increased suspicion of self-asserted expertise."
We already have an AMT. This differs how?
Gf weather. Too bad I can't buy one with my beer & movie.
Lets go! Here come the BOOS RT : At what point does Valentine bring in the 100-year-old?
#classic #YoMomma is so fat when she got hit by a bus, she asked who threw a rock
At the fiest buffet at red rock casino having lunch.
(AP) -- Argentina approves #transgender rights: ID changes, sex-change operations and hormone therapy.
Shoutout to for holding down the
Secure Data Recovery TEam Foolow Back
Happy MLK Day from MLK Choir! We will be singing at Francis Parker School this morning to honor Dr. King's legacy.
Powered down the computer and turned off white noise CD. Now I can hear the birds outside my window.
*Smiles warmly at Ben*.
Why do I unzip/unbuckle my pants before I even get in the stall?... To speed up the process I suppose...
yeah its the same ha
lmao yeah I honestly have no idea...
How can you hate the tools if you don't fully understand them? Definite education opportunity.
please follow she is you biggest fan!55
President Barack Obama to Introduce USA Network&#39;s Airing of &#39;To Kill a Mockingbird&#39;
RT : IUE: Richmond is now under a Tornado Watch until 1am EDT.
I'm sure you've watched the replay of the PK foul, thoughts still the same as last night? Could have been a card?
You're right, man. Not wasting any time at all. A good guy who will land on his feet at another school, for sure.
hi!!!!!!! I'm so jealous you're in Austin! I've been trying to scheme up ways to escape down there from Dallas!
is track-track-trackin' for Entercom Communications.
did you know 2/3rds of the world outside of America lives off of 2 dollars a day?????????? WTITW!!!
just because people want tighter gun control does not mean they want to get rid of your 2nd adm rights, just want to know whr all the guns R
You only get a couple of moments that determine your life. Sometimes only one.
and we got that freakin ECA tomorrow too!
How texts me goodnight >>>>
oh, I had shaved a few days before. Normally I have a SWEET beard so I was proving to my mom that I had shaved
Why isnt my Pandora Radio working :(
This kid did the wrong project so the prof is making him do a whole nother one for next week
just cause! :)
How will this fit in with public school systems, and following a strict curriculum?
west coast here, waiting patiently!
Hard rock cafe in dc.
I Say Whaat , Spell Check Says Wheat,
maybe I need to upgrade the HD...it's an older MB Pro (late 2008) so maybe it's time.
you smiled I'm off the hook ;D x
Wow - temperatures for next week in Richmond look fantastic! A little more seasonal.
Happy March 1st! Today, we would like to give a shout out to Miller Lite for being the presenting sponsor of the St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Did a lot on the film this week. Going to dive into the new sound mix and send the film off to ... can't say yet.
I'm starving though
Hello! The next step is keep spreading the word and wait for the next event to be announced. See you soon!
We're sorry you're having so much trouble! Sometimes it needs to be set up from our end. Please call 800-800-8327 for assistance.
free pancakes with #ihop!
All the more reason you should move to LA ;) I mean....
you miss me all the time .  don't front
seems like there should be more payment options for season tickets. id pay more if i could make installments.
About to be end of 3rd. Tied at 68.
don't hate me but I gotta work all labor day weekend
I am supposed to be getting ready for an out of town show tomorrow. Today should have been a great day. I am too sad.
If you have filled out the survey to be in street team please message the page your answers:)
OK Help me interpret the HUGE program from #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. When is the first game for #Xavier?
Wow. sounds like they'd be fans of SOPA. Drop the hate of already. You both look foolish.
My brother is running around the kitchen thats wg
The thought ,"I am still young and have a lot of time, so I can relax and take life easy" is a function of our own weakness.
thanks! Such a blast!
That awkward shoulder thrust harry does in Viva La Vida>>> life
Hello there Downtown San Diego, you look lovely (:
lets do that every day!!!!!!!!
For so long ive been scared to look at my grades and now i see that im acutally passing! ^-^
gotta do what you gotta do
i just realized 'Sam' can stand for 'Sam and Madison' ..... or 'Sam Alamia Mara' 
Thank you, Joel. Same to you, wishing you all the best of everything for the New Year!
George Clooney: Already out of jail. While I agree with his protest, it's over now. Can we move on to more interesting news?
Happy Anniversary!!!!!
Eff all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to my realest year
Just edited the 1st episode or "The Mourning After", our web mini-series coming to the web this February!!!
RT : #Actors #RecordingArtists #Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ #YES votes for by 3/30
if it happens, someone needs to hook him up with a dealer in Boston... lol
ugh someone just go to Clackamas with me to get some shopping done.
Super excited to meet Andy Hunt of (& Highland Capital) today
Thesis editing: the least enjoyable but most satisfying activity on earth!
Pretty sure I wouldn't hate my job as much if I didn't have to wake up this ducking early.
The odds of two dudes like & homering in same game is roughly a Guggenheim.
I'm mor excited for it to come back on than a fat kid on cake :-)
They keep on tryna sell me all this fake shit tho lol
thanks for the to keep us awake at our new office!
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again.
I was impressed.
Y pull the charter? Y not put someone else in charge to right the ship. Politicians r such idiots. Theyre just hurting the kids.
Yes I tweet at nicki minaj don't judge me because I love that bitch
why did u unfollow me and follow me?
I hope you don't meet someone new & forget about me :/
Though it's an interesting idea, I would never use 'viral' in the language when trying to get consumers to participate.
i've heard every album, listened to the radio. waited for somethin to come along, that was as good as our song... 🎶💗
unfortunately we already locked in the date. Hope you can make future meetups!
thanks again, this is awesome! Look forward to being in the network and sharing more tweets with you as well!
missed you at 3d!
I went to Tahoe today and while I was there the sun burned the hell out of my armpit. I don't even know how. God, damn the sun to hell.
To friend or not to friend.
RT Tiger and Phil together today.. O snap... That's what the say when u and are on the same course ..ha
Oh shoot bring on v tech Jan 3
Hi maintaoistes, thanks for following!
Love is a word often verbalized and under-utilized.
I will. I always have. It's gonna stay like that forever. Your my bestfriend even though we haven't met. That's my wish.❤
Road closure and detouring traffic around Oakland north of Brady is one hot mess.
Truly appreciate your kindness with your SOs, RTs, and mentions
congrats guys and gals at Aberdean for IB recognition top companies IT
THANK YOU! Just finished semi-final edititing of young adult fiction novel; some painting too. Best wishes in 2012.
Bandwagon mf's I was the only one goin for the pacers now erbody wanna be hype bout dem winning smh fake
death to the thing that you become
Everyone in my past showed me how to hate.
good luck tomorrow!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-)
BREAKING NEWS: That particle is NOT faster than the speed of light. It just failed its drug test.
So that's what they look like up close! I like. Thanks!
In this world we become who we are through our alliances.
You so deserved the tickets! Karma RT : WOOT!! Just won the drawing for the tix for "Christmas Story"!!!
haven't seen it either don't feel bad
loves sour patch kids and Gerry loves Bermuda jackets;) #bryantjamesmusic <-- let's get that trending!!
M I like it like that she workin that back I don't know how to act.
and that's awesome. We use, make, and support open-source software and open-data
Can't wait to show off LetsListen.com !
Assassins creed 2 Revelations and i am playing DAOC for a lil bit as well
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise of Choice - Many people are looking for the best overall exercises. If I was to select the best...
i have no friends. :'[
hope so.
Almost time for the return of #Revenge!!!! I couldn't be more excited!!!!!!!!!
dudes and dudets i freaking love you!
Heard something ridic-the dude adele wrote "rollin in the deep" about bc of it's huge success wants part of the cut! What. A. Scum. Bag.
and she also told me she said yes when he asked her out on a date ..and it seriously broke my heart ..</3
My FAV part: The THANKSGIVING SURPRISE! I was on edge, laughing & crying the ENTIRE show, I'm tuning in 4 SURE!
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Duke hasn't had an athletic win in a while. Wondering is Roscoe Smith transfers there too.
I'm sorry for all of those rude ICONiacz. You did really great in that interview I hope you interview the Boyz again.
I just changed it to my birthday lol
Good point! HAHA!
Deer walks, and it's a short outing for Plunk. Five walks, 4 hits, only 1 2/3 innings. Rick Rodriguez on now.
go kobe go!
Madagascar 3 is coming out in June...yes
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 THIS SATURDAY, FIND US ON FACEBOOK (APJevents) and attend the event!
Right about meow.
I swear joe johnson is so smooth af
Let's Go DEVILS!!!
i got 2 support wat u tryna do bro
Giving #etsy's add promotion thingy a try =) any publicity is good publicity at this point!
Worthy! And the introduction by butler
Thank you for writing about this! I'm glad somebody else is outraged as I am.
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON. February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!! Visit for more details
Shoutout To My New Followers -
Both my boys like to say "Ack" in moments of frustration. Example: it's time for bed. They say Ack. Kind of sounds like fuck. I ignore it.
get excited for #bathos anyone is welcome to join us at 4:30 today meet at the wesley!
A fiesta for the senses: How Pilsen&#39;s art community is facing gang ...
Corey Smith and Florida-Georgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight! Show starts at 8 p.m.
#ASTD2011. Enjoying learning colleagues at Don Kirkpatrick's retirement party in Orlando!
You were looking good today.. ;)
Hey if you rip off the very first outer petals of the roses, they should open up more. =] So I was told by a florist.
for sure. easier said then done
nope not kickball, bocce.
"like" I'll let her know!
I am actually very curious about that.
Taos man Christopher Barney beat his girlfriend; fatally stabbed their baby; and then tried to cut his own throat. And now his trial begins.
Wonderful museum, enriching and fun!
Professional Social Media Marketing Service Gets Businesses Recognition and ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
lol u ready 4 me to release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full cd?
It's going to be a great run!!! Here's to a great time to be had by all.
gosh, i missed out on so much while i was on vacation..
Watching Doom Runners with Viggle Wed | 10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Do not go near my house when I don't have money >:O ice cream man is still there! what the hell.
I'm sure we've all eaten dog at some point, we just thought it was teriyaki chicken or something. #letsbehonest lol
#RnBThrowBacks : Breakin' My Heart ~ Mint Condition
just got done with my haircut
ick. Not envious of you in the slightest!
This No Lie is so nasty lol
This weekend is gonna help or hurt, but either way, I'm gonna learn.
Welcome! Yes, love it! RT : Cheers for the RT love :) Hope you dig the site! <3
The new #claymore chptr was epic. Im glad they r all fighting 2gethr. is an abyssal one though, so it will still b (cont in next tweet)
I'm gonna go crazy
He didn't love grading on an extreme curve, but that's what he ultimately (luckily!) did with us.
Sarah Hyland looks like a little girl...
A nigga just came and broke it down at my table... Pause:(
oh he is so guilty
why is it that in America going to church is cool. When you're british you're just a bible basher
All these religions, all these singings, they are just one song. Rumi
It's Friday! Happy Friday!
A friend is looking for an apartment in Stockholm for the summer or longer. Any ideas?
I need some new textin buddies... But for now ima bother
Wow... Watching the Hall of Fame... hearing Edge and the 4 Horsemen is giving me chills...
The fact that you never even tried is probably one of the most frustrating things.
Screaming, drunken undergrads woke me up at 4:30 am this morning...which is just as well. Lots of work, busy day today.
That's easy. You're "Art Talk with Edward Goldman."
poor but love my job
thanks Frank, happy to hear you like it!
this is the most stressful summer, ever. -_-
One more test and I will have my library degree!
sleeeepies maybe i'll feel better in da morning
happy to say this was one of the fastest monday's on record. high five.
is the shit. #realtalktuesday ... Even though it's wednesday.
#69Factsaboutme 14. I don't tan easily.
i guess mlg might be dropping reach i dont really know lol
Who's back at Dickinson Complex and ready for training?!
I Cried When, the pats lost again to the giants lol
Need a new job
well our O line should be a lot better this yr. Also I see u r a baseball fan? Iam a big Orioles fan. Camden yards is unreal
One last big THANK YOU to all the runners that ran the #SLAMR today. It was a great race because of you all!
they aren't that bad, honestly! It's just brushing that's a pain.
when ur new album ''Believe'' coming out, i cant fint this information on web, so please answer me. And can u follow me
Perfect beach day in #Miami enjoy!!!!
Main... I'd love to visit England, Italy, Japan etc... Whether its business or a vacation it be nice. 😚
The body speaks to us in many different ways. We just have to learn to listen!
I use to be apart of dos muchos
Our pleasure ! Thanks for watching!
great post!
Wake up every day stronger than yesterday. Face your fears, and wipe your tears.
#22-Antonio Gates-TE-San Diego Chargers
Very nice! Thank you Adam! You have a lot more rain than we do right now!
Deejaying a sweet 16 tonight on the Pink Lady Party boat gonna be fun!
the Spaces between YOUR Fingers are supposed to be filled with Mine ;)
A lot of Twitter'ers are sending out spam links - it's helpful to change your PW. This has been spreading all over the place
who'd you end up meeting?
Happy birthday to our very own We love her.
Not anymore, at least. MT: : Perry jones will not sniff top 5. Not even a lottery lock RT: : perry jones top 5 easy
you got the muffin too right?:)
u know as well as I know that she is just trying to lie her way out of it an be innocent when we all know she's not
If we get lucky we'll be playing for you also !
Big Money what I'm spending January 2 December ma wrist game Cold y u think they call it Winter
I'm very surprised that America did not vote enough for Erica and even more surprised that the judges did not save her.
of course
There is no power button - you pull the power cable to turn it off :/
Finally done and finally at home :3
thanks so much! :D
WAHH I HATE SCHOOL.
- we love you. Watching you on TV right now. Can't wait to see you on True Blood
WELL, I try. xD My sister calls Harry Henry all the time and it drives me insane.
Ditto. I don't recall getting hit by a bus but it sure feels like it.
I don't have a man and stop telling lies
Never had very strong feelings about Stevie Ray Vaughn until my neighbor set the volume on his SRV to the "bleeds through walls" setting.
: Loving every second of the San Diego sun! Now off to Cricket Ampitheatre for tonight's gig
Cause honestly, I don't know what I'd do, if I never met a woman like you..
I think you should write a post about how much the halftime show was like a video game!
I check out another local spot. the residential beaches of La Jolla.They had kayaking, scuba diving and surfing with #FREE parking!
Excellence isn't a skill it's an Attitude!
I'm search for "Worlds Greatest Step-Daughter" mug for one of my employees...
Broke in my new fishing pole and caught what my son called a "whoffer"!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys😘
uh google it
Trust me haha I went to UCA, the University for Chinese/Asian.. haha
Are you unaware that "Battleship" is already coming out, starring Liam Neeson?
totally understandable! Thank you for being so involved in OKC! You rock!
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Agreed. so easy 4 kids 2 think that the world is hre 2 accommodate them. Empowering them 2 help others cn open eyes
Beautiful Day outside!
Yall opinions don't make me money...
the french language has more rules, laws and regulation than all kinds of physics combined! hence, its harder! :P
"the moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better than they are"
Just chilling :) on spring break :)
still unsure. I'll try boss man again.
Playing at the Eastside Grad Celebration tonight...congratumalations, y'alls! :)
Privacy protections vary for your data in the cloud
Thanks for hosting such a great party!
No, im not as push over, im a bigger person
math placement test tomorrow.. don't really wanna take it :/
I just realized, don't ask me how, that I forgot the Speed Stick this morning. I hope you were not effected by this thoughtless act.
If you want a better life.. raise your standards.
Yeah. The Horns took care of business today. Final score #UT 49 - 20 UCLA.
congrats you rock!
On my way to first Friday with c;
HoeLies #5 He's just a friend.
RT : The #Michipreneur Project has launched today! Make sure you check it out and show us some RT love!...
yes ma'am:) night.!
no, not for a while.
so desperate for the sun.''
everyone is beautiful in there own way <3
My man Giovanni on #Lilyhammer stay scheming!
I'm not sure you can rice around in it, it takes forever to get up to 70 mph haha.
God no! Why?
Ha Haa His Phone is Off Guess That Won't be Happening Tonight
Practicing in tie dye sweatpants and a cat sweatshirt tonight. -kc
Wednesdays!! “: what day of the week do you have Fried Chicken Night.”
We nvr talk anymore and now when I need someone to turn to your not there.& I'm forced to find another but you always told it to me strait:/
It got wild at the end for sure
- yeah, we're still game. when are you thinking of going?
my brain and body are dead... too much running this morning
Congrats for being our 400th follower on twitter :)
RT: Even a blind squirrel finds a beer once in awhile.>>> a #CraftBeer that is
"I met Tiger Woods this weekend & was amazed that he knew who I was" -Miles Austin. We know you too Miles! Awesome game tonight
I love it that every time I reload my TL I see and having ther convo about cars #smh #boyswillbeboys ^_^
Marshawn Lynch ended my fantasy season last week. But I love him right now.
~ yes prepaid change their name to "legal shield" officially. ownership is looking for better branding
Having less time off between shifts than the amount of time you spend working... #nurseproblems 💉
Hope all is well. I should have waited to join twitter. It's way outside my field, but I want to be at this conference now.
Sang the anchovy song to my pizza last night.
lol true true make sure you watch me on tv June 13th :)
Thanks for the tip!
Perfect health inspection. Just thought you might like to know.
u ready?
#HURT RT What's mine is MINE and what's yours is also MINE!
how do you like so far? I'm just getting started too.
Red velvet cake icecreaaam (: fuck yea
What game?
everything happens fa a reason....
Ur advisor is actually Caroline, sorry about that! Work visa is attached to student visa automatically...
Also, just wondering about the 'tinyurl' s that I'm seeing here. Just realizing I'm not sure how to do that!?!?
dis dude bhill put honey on his egg sandwiches WTF!!???
possibly. DM me for my email address. Thanks. Adam
Didn't really sound like "ripped" #instagram, as put it.
im so bored !:/r u going to the dance tomorrow?
Hm. So the takehome would be $293 mil (give or take). Even after buying a private island in the Eleutheras, we're still left with 290. Ok
COOPER: Hard To Draw Conclusions From First Four
You know what's amazing? At this second, for every teenage girl twirling her fingers into the ends of her hair,.....
eyelashes and some white (p)leather boots...
im at boring ass work they getting on my nervea
DO NOT EAT THAT
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON. February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!! Visit for more details (Have a great Wkend)
Ooh. Website revamps. Love them. is working on a big one, too. Your advice would be very welcomed.
RT : RT : Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you (Jeremiah 29:12).
Newest Global Connections partner is a guitar quartet in Nagoya. Hope to keep the partnerships coming!
Well, that just does it. I need to start a blog. Or a tumblr or something. I have things to say!! Cc:
RT : Once upon a time, #wine was made. And we all lived happily ever after....
for someone who doesn't like talking shit, you're doing a lot of that yourself. especially on twitter.
I am falling head over heels in love with you! 😉😍😘😚
#levilowrey is pretty badass...in case you all were unaware.
Thank you!!
Alright it is hailing in Tucson. Wtf mate.
He's not in DH, but is a good example of how transnational DH will affect "traditional" scholarship
Got a smartphone yesterday. Tweeting just got so much easier!
A1: thinking within the box, living outside it.
Fall brings many exciting changes and expectations! Remain mindful that students sometimes experience anxiety around these changes.
#supportlocalmusic Live on Gashouse Radio. Random synth rock/pop tracks. enjoy.
good and u
I really don't understand why ppl ask celebs for S/O or RTs. Is it really that important to you for them to click a button?
Just registered for my final undergraduate class. Almost done!
oh noo RT boys r in 4 Movember some more aggressively than others -lookin at u
Crowdsourcing is a great way to get authentic story-telling if you ask people why something is important to them
I have serious garden envy.
First the Spartans get blown out, then the Pistons blow a 21 point lead and then Michigan loses to Penn State! Not a good sports day in MI!
Magic only happens when and if you let it.. you guys should know that... lol
I just saw your boss on TV
Is back to working out.
they cant expect me to start my shift on time when they dont even answer the doorbell
Attending my first game of the season tomorrow. I can taste the ball park food already!
i'm skeptical. where's ben stein in this list of monotone men that can't be stopped?
So was it better or worse with snow?
Real, nimble, capacity is really what orgs need! Thanks!
Dittos all around! 's hair is always fierce! #whatclassylookslike!
Oh! Like it.
If I recall he was throwing 96-97??
Can it just be Friday please!!! I have been working since Saturday and I dont have a day off till this weekend!! I really hate cards now.
Jazz is amazing for the body and mind. All about technique and abs. Jazz helps the best hip hop dancer, be better!
I know, people don't take flags seriously. I am SERIOUS that I need a response before EOD.
Hunger games good movie.
Dow closes at highest level since December 2007
Only 3 more Monday's until SUMMMMMAAAA
probably is all-white. 2. I'm tired of colored folk still crying for token roles. That's 1 think I like about Tyler Perry. +
is also a great band too...their songs pit me in a good mood (:
Eight species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
"If you are cute, call me baby if you are nice, call me sweetie if you are hot, call me tonight."
sure Maybe later on today
I was searching, you were on a mission. Then our hearts combined like neutron star collision♥
throw some firecrackers out your window. That'll shut up anything
Everytime I see you dance I want to barf :) Feel special?
If I don't show u any type of attention ... then worry!
I've never been more proud of tweep.
Rest of playoffs RT : Pittman is a fucking bum. don't play that sorry bitch the rest of the game.
Our session touches on the citizen scientist, metrics, letting go, mobile apps, policies, education etc. One stop shopping.
Bog sean love d.town
I will admit it : I am majorly stoked to see the Hunger Games movie. So sue me.
when are you going to anounce the winner for the 4 tickets for BIG TIME RUSH ?????
no. didnt feel like getting off the couch today. should of tho. how bout you?
Oh how we miss you, Regina. There will always be a spot for you here when you visit.
I remember her!
What happens if #UGA runs the table and wins the #SEC? National championship love? Probably not. The pollsters hate the
We beefing how you gon send me theeze crazy songs with no acapella!!!!!!!! #i need to play with theeze vocals
5 days until Disney.
I been pocket dialing everyone today
The African American woman who works the parking garage at the TJ's on sunset and crescent can kiss my ass!
Pretty delighted to be sitting in on the kickoff meeting. Bring your homebrew, snacks, and ideas to share Fri, 5/4
Green Power Energy just signed another solar Pv commercial contract for 22.7Kw in Lebanon, NJ!
come on get to tweeting..
Listening to music skyscraper by and that is awesome♥.
Just Love Me for Me!!! Yep
What about "Flooding With Love For The Kid" or the homemade "Raiders of the Lost Ark" remake?
oh totally love being the 3rd wheel!!!! ....not
FINALLY getting my license tomorrow! from now on I'm taping it to my body when I go out and I know alcohol will be involved
Good guys win!
Fuck you and all your friends.
Net WAY positive tonight on closing tickets. Almost there
So tru! RT : Yes! Thank goodness for kind shop owners & their ability to mime directions :)
It's not actually that bad this year. Only 2 starters on D and 1 on O are listed as ORs.
#whosaiditwasok to give my kids a bath? Now they're running rampant! This will be a disaster! But not as bad as the
I hope you happy with your pick, bc I know I am (;
sorry to hear, but would like to hear more. Maybe we can plan to run into each other tomorrow. Purdue alumn?
Headed to the startup showcase - honored to have been an alternate, some amazing tech startups made it!
That's weird. I guess it's only me that can't view it!
I ain't had shit to tweet about.
do you think gay dudes get turned on by their own wieners?
Over 100 photos, including the offical ones and your own, have been uploaded to the website and facebook. More to come...
I agree, and unfortunately this was a Tecmo I repeat for you, even with a better seed! RT : Groups of Death suck.
Since we all know would do anything for a buck, I just wanna throw out that I'd pay $$$ if the Kiss boxset got issued on vinyl!
I seen the cover of ur mixtape looks nice man.
Life is like pictures. You can look back on the moments, but you can never recapture them.
I'm laughing too hard to make a funny response. Seriously, you are at the top of funniest people on this cocksucking site!
WOW way to end a half!
Couldn't read because of paywall. Dollar amount their advertisers made off me = zero. Good luck with that business model.
“Extreme Design — The Secrets to Successful Design Pairing” Samuel Bowles,
Didn't reach those 25 followers by midnight. So I'm gonna watch The Last Dragon... Goodnite
Thank you for the fantastic !
Good job by the talking heads on ESPN during the halftime of this game. Such strong statements after one half. Whoops.
Good Morning, Happy Mother's Day to all the ACTIVE moms out there. Parenting is the most difficult job in America. Be Blessed
I'm not a fan of the wife beater under dress shirts. I wear undershirts to hold off sweat. Wife beaters don't do that.
fo sho bro... it will be active
it makes more sense when i see all of your FF in a row...
Sell, Sell, Sell!
This game illustrates the difference between a great coach and a coach of great players.
Embarrassed to admit it, but me too. Extra nerd points if yours was on Google Docs as well.
The fact that I don't have any history and math classes next year >>>
He didn't answer the question.
McDonald's criticized as Olympic sponsor; Docs say ads may worsen obesity epidemic - New York Daily News
Bananas tonight, 5 Star Bar (thurs), Red Rock (sat)
My dad like that mexican show mi sueño es bailar
Office windows open in
just drank a whole bottle of water in like 3 seconds.
Is That Sterling As The Dog!? Haha
Its a #HappyThing when your boyfriend put a picture of you together as his profile picture.
#TopShot finale let's do this!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!:)
bar/rest NYC ! Great time with friends.
I'm today's Tom Sawyer, because I get high on you.
The beat is on! Metuchen NJ FOL hosts Peter Biedermann for a program "Music for Jazz Guitar" on Sun Oct 30 2PM 480 Middlesex Be there!
Need a getaway? Come to #Vegas the weekend of Sept 30th & grab 1 of our amazing rooms starting at $149/night! www.bluechipvegas.com
thanks. It definitely sucks, but what can you do.
Monday morning surprise! Found out I got holiday pay for Friday! Yay-uh
Ugh such a headache.
true story.
I like the new Twitter changes ...
$ gives what is needed faster & for less! #cashisbest EX: $1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
Same here, One day lovely and mild and next it's like a freezer. Can't complain I guess, it is January.
I think you've been hacked. Change your password. And not to "bacon".
Nice. Could be offered as accelerated course (skim) or as a full semester (whole).
morning. You've been awake before hes slipping or you have insomnia
Mitt Romney a bully? LOL ... he's a clown!
Humber former #1 pick of the Mets.
haha, thanks! I think I'm might be having a mid-mid life crisis. I enjoy where I've been, but need to explore other options too!
I've always wanted to try that but wasn't too sure...thanks for the recommendation!
What a finish in Phily!!!
Can't even think of one remote possibility except some vague ontological thing akin to breathing (procure nourishment).
read Gilda Radner's, always one of my faves.
I AM GOIONG SHOPPING ONLINE AMERICAN EAGLE YAY!!!!!!!!!
RT : "An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind." -Gandhi
I may have to catch that.
I think I saw a little something something with that race car driver...
To get what you really want, you must say 'NO' to what you don't want.
that table moving gave me goose bumps head to toe, I would of about wet myself too! #longislandmedium I want to meet with!
Check out the new restaurant at MCI- www.tuyomiami.com
I should be asleep :o
Damn girl that was like 3 hours ago
Hi Shane, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
the stories I could tell! Or mom is dating weird Wayne... Or how bout Harry and hortense at hormone high.
Bout To Shower, Then Hit The Sack , Work In The A.M , Night ! :)
I Have So Many Things Running Through My Mind...
your tweets make me sad
u have written several songs & recorded them but is there any songs u have written u decided not 2 record 4 whatever reason?? XO
Troubling news out of Fort Hood. NYT: "Seven Dead and 20 Injured in Shootings at Texas Base"
Aint that the truth hahah Word!
participating in a virtual conference on marketing at #mpworld where Tina Brown of the Daily Beast presented on key marketing points.
DTurrentine, SMendez, and TBeck are at a T/TA meeting w/ OCS, RPICs, and other #CommunityAction national partners in DC this morning
are you there? I need to confirm tomorrow's pickup time.
Double charging my hotel to my debit card. #y'allgonmakemelosemymind
Watching recap of
and now, Peter Senge & Ben Packard (Starbucks)!
Now I have 7 dollies on their way to me. 1 from eBay, 1 from WI, and 5 from y'all. So much for 'no dolls until after Christmas!'
Wow.. Switched at Birth..... Thats all i can say.
I'd say #PubPutt2012 is more regalia.
The boys gave 100% and left it all on the rink. Can't ask for more. Next year.
Happy Anniversary! How are you celebrating?
oh lol thank you!! I had no idea! :) miss you dragon!!
I really don't think those colors flatter Jeremy's palette
you like it when it gets in your mouth.
Changed the IP address... something I learned how to do today
#JamieOliver potato salad with salmon and creme fraiche for dinner. Superb.
Vegas can definitely get a bad rap. But we're based here & have some fantastic artists on our team :)
Great idea! RT : Revisiting the idea of 3 pts for 60-min win, an idea espoused by Steve Yzerman
pretty sure that this was meant as an ironic statement, no?
Had a nightmare with my ex in it last night
thumb is still twitching
There are few more delightful smells than fresh cut grass
It may be time to cut the cable
i heard is co-hosting 106 and park. i am so gonna record that. of course, they are gonna do great :)
#PlatformBook shouts to fellow team members previewing the forthcoming book!
2 wins down, one to go! Leave it all on the field!
Just spent six months going 'round and 'riund with a vendor, who keeps giving me the same quote no matter how I change the scope!
RT U R not democratic U C this?
Never get tired of rocking Sevendust's "Seasons" That's one BAMF! #kudos sir!
Welcome to the consensus hub
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
WOD: Subsumed : Learned watching a Yale course... Yale is offering Free Open Courses
"sometimes i feel so nice, i jump back i wanna kiss myself... I got Soul.... and i'm Super Bad".
I have a feeling today is going to be slow and painful.
Stupid mouth.. #ouch!
email me the information and I'll be there babes...
Please send me your email address!!
Social media, SEM & SEO are not skills you can learn is a school or a book. You have to have actual e-xperience in the real wwworld.
okee dokee. I am still trying to maybe come by for the tailgate Saturday
Today 1954: Henry "Hammerin Hank" Aaron hit his first career home run with the Milwaukee Braves. He finished his career with 755 home runs.
Pullin out all 75 pairs of Ralph Lauren shorts. You probably wish you had this many....
Feeling Blah!
boyer always stirs it up when these schools play each other.
I can safely say that was the best recovery from a kitchen mistake that I've ever made. Recipe from went off the rails!
pick your poison at LAX tonight. Counter to the shuttle driver. Terrible w/ a capital T. Lost all future business for a mere $20
Have you flossed today??
Thanks for the #FF!
rick schroeder was in JAWS2, but the og director was fired. Poor Rick!
Join The Lime Lite!
Canes losing to USF. Silly Miami. It's All about FIU
not even remotely close on the bustout hand, gg wp
I need RBIs
Game 1 of Cal Berkeley Football season tickets!!! Go Bears!!
thanks fam. likewise
Once you do me wrong more than once, I just completely lead you out of my life.
Ngata classic ravens! Drafts great defensive player than sign them long term.
2 - $3300 PPC Aruba ME seats in the satellite prize pool tonight. Thanks to all players that participated
it's because we didn't appreciate the "show-me" state enough. Now it's showing us!
Well it sure got cooler down in ATX, when you get back..
Work is over. That means it's HIGHLIGHTER PARTY TIME!
Happy viet/chinese new year bitches!
Thank you! It took me a bit to figure out what "neutral" was going to look like. lol
I was mainly saying I don't like children because they make loud, annoying noises. But, that works, too. :P
One last weekend of my play, then three weeks to focus on finishing the semester strong. I feel confident.
HOW FUNNY WAS LAST NIGHT??? Everyone remember to follow purely because of the jackets. Tell them Gareth sent you and get NIL!
you went to the show?
"Nothing tastes more bitter than the truth." ~
How so? RT : GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Thanks!!! We try!
someday you will see a letter leads me back to you.
awhs, i have mean teachers for 8th grade.
Thank you! Counting down the days!
Not Thinking Bout Nothing Else
When your so tired you can't keep your eyes open.
probably 1145ish, but I have speech after until 130
Yes I do.
One word my friends , sunscreen. LOL...
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! :D
Twitter, that means of mini blogging and diminutive journaling and microscopic memoir-writing is a cure for
What you project into the world comes right back at you. Smile at everyone you pass and think "There goes someone GREAT"
Why havent I talked to in all these weeks? Whats really goin on bruh bruh?
in some of her pictures ugh lol just look like it aha
Doing some research on the Creole language of Haiti for faculty member
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 19
Humber has to be proud, but he didn't even try for the 28th out like Galaraga did.
Big shift in Seattle weather. Sea planes are taking off from other end of the Lake Union.
Love the futuristic look!!;)
girls are so fucking annoying.
Happy to be doing an English to Chinese translation for CPI.
Follow me bieber fans! Let me know when you follow me, I'll follow you back!
Make the short trip to Winston-Salem to see Reynolda House, the historic mansion of RJ Reynolds.
I cant wait until christmas & new years!(:
sitting on my floor, doing chemistry, listening to put em up by which makes balancing equations a little more bearable
my______is doing the most...
Merry Happy Everything to Everyone!
- whatsssss homie - that song is on repeat on every station - lol..
yes! Running around w a bunch of miscreants until Sunday.
The fact that I just saw just made my day! Love that girl !! Go cats
There is a beautiful parallelism between the condition of woman in her domestic life and the character of a nation. (1850)
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside. Note to self keep children away from the hippos at the Zoo :)
LOL Smells Yeh But I Think If You Stay Away From the Stereotypical Black Dudes You'll Be Fine
Another earthquake!
Howcome when british people sing, they dont sound british anymore ??
I can't help you fix yourself, but atleast I can say I tried I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
didn't you say last one like 3 tweets ago? Lol And that's all Ed
Yes, the blonde one is the Irish one :) His name is Niall James Horan :)
Ugly chicks that send follow requests 34958345934095843095835 times <<<<
I'm sad to say I go a school that plays the glee soundtrack in it's book store.
my friend knows this girl who was getting eaten out by three guys and they shoved skittles in her cunt to go in and find but they missed one
What it do twitter fam! Hope you all have a great day!
lol as you should
Williams Paint Recycling also has 1 gallon of "Flamingo" paint for sale $6. If interested give us a call 404-997-8011.
Just landed , finally home !!!!
Ok - Truth - how many cups of coffee do you need to get going today? :-)
Jorge! You're the one with 27!? That was supposed to be mine.
I'm not sure we needed that rain delay, but there's a delay in heat. Let's see if the tarp crew can roll that out.
amen!! Can we just go back to school? I'm over summer.
What do we want visitors to *feel*? What pointless functionality can we nix? Qs to ask re mobile
RT "All our dreams can come true,i f we have the courage to pursue them" - Walt Disney
yea i do
I can't stop listening to the NYE soundtrack. Growing up w Jon on cassette, it only substantiates my fondness for him & his music.
You cuffed her for a moment but she gone have my name in her mouth forever
Tick tock, tick tock can this day just hurry up!
Super late! “ Ok. Finally on twitter. Extremely delayed... but I made it.”
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison
Im Finna Try Ma Best 2 Leave
Happy Birthday hope you have a great one!
“: seriously, if you aren't turned onto or by this band, you might be fucked. #justsayin” <-- Thanks man!!
Many congrats. Is this your first grandchild?
Good thing in the city you can hardly see a bright star for miles RT : For every bright light there is a broken heart
Give us your gut feeling: Is today going to be a good day or a bad day?
word up, hey, word up, hey, word up, hey.......forealdoe!!!
Kicking off the 2011 MAGPI Fellows Program today!
Love when my children...both on the same day...are kind to me in word and deed. #winning #parenting Cuz we all know it can turn on a dime.
oh u don't have an iPhone----sorry!!! Yikes!!! Lol they're thumbs up!!!!
I hope there are creative and painful tortures in Hell for people who make fun of Christ lol
Niggas tryna bring back braids and Reeboks, this world gotta be coming to an end
***Sunday is Mother's day! Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms!***
In conflict with Obama speech, WTMJ (Milwaukee) will show #packers game
Bachmann tells AP she'll seek 4th term in Congress.
congrats on what you've done!
Just touchdown back in the (CA) Bay area, waiting on my bros' flights to make it in.
Yeah I seen that. Where was Clem?
cool photo!
It's so fun to watch the mama duck and her babies in our pond.
OMG i just herd it too!! o_O
Idiots who think that when tweeted "lying naked on the floor." he wasnt tweeting lyrics to a 1D song.
I&#39;m a little hungry today hm.... What to eat &lt;3
UGH THERES SO MANY BEAUTIFUL BABIES IN MY FAMILY AND I STILL HAVE NONE
i'll take it
ok... Thanks
I frequently encounter cfscripting import statements to not work & I have to revert to the full CFC package name. Any hints?
I look in the mirror, that's my competition Then I talk to myself, myself said, "What?" I said "You a ill nigga, roll a blunt up"!
thanks! I was trying to describe it to Colin & realized he just needed to taste it himself. do you recommend a brandy/cognac?
last day of the tour with man i'm gonna miss these guys//grt seeing u at catwest! need to show u that video still!
You keep it well concealed.
If you need beats, studio time, features, ect. Halla @ ya boy! Exclusives only! Fuck soundclick!
Bro! We are following you! Sorry we don't check out twitter as much as we should. <3
thank you!!
we think so, too! Getting more & more excited. Thanks so much for the follow, Brian - definitely hope we see more of you!
huh? I was simply saying you should apply to be in that show...you'll just have to obey the law
We are playing a house party 745. 911 e 2nd
"flaming"--Are you referring to the fires of Hell?
I'll try that next time!
It doesn't matter what the question is, love is always the answer.
OH: "Let us fly from the city that the lumber industry nursed and fondled..."
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and a free second topping on a 14" pizza
love the coat.. Maybe some color in an accessory would be good
Cleveland Parkers take note, new bakery is on Twitter.
I can't wait to hear this story
Serious New Mexican breakfast cravings going on this morning.
Congrats on the Football Writers All-American selection.
Nuh uh!! I definitely am! :) and no it's only gonna be me :(
NO. THEY CAN'T BE COUSINS. THEY HAVE TO GET MARRIED. WTF.
GOT WORK
bye bye...and hello,lol
Figured out a tattoo that I want, now to figure out where on my body to get it.
sis do you have gmail
#ArabicMusic News - #Lebanon: Pop star Diana Haddad completed the music video (video clip) for her new single Wedy Haki.
Why am i not sleeping? Maybe i should pull a deefizzy, i dont really have to do anything tomorrow.
I sure do, that is the best time to figure out what you need drop me an email
So done with school for the day
One thing I will say though, about the SC shooting: 27th and Raymond is way on the edge of what is considered the USC neighborhood.
Cheering for LA is asking alot. If it comes down to those two teams, it'll be exciting but I'm not anticipating it.
My wife's maiden name is Bondi. Someday...somehow...we're making a trek to Bondi Beach just to get a t-shirt!
bop when is your next magazine?
Definitely. I wanted to start off with healthcare PR but I think I will try my hand at an agency first now.
God of Carnage is an awesome play.
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Vagina On A Hot Tin Roof
Many dicks are jokes.
we loved it too!
D.W. If Jeff Gordon crashed at T.M.S with wing instead of the spoiler on the back of the car. would Jeff or anyone else end up on their roof
where can I get some sweet pint coupons? :-)
You the Yan now, dog? RT : Congratulations to Yan Gomes for becoming the all-time Brazilian hits leader.
lop, oh no. im goin on a shoppin spree this week.
They playing my nigga music on nationally televised sitcoms. Hell yeah fuckin' right.
Neat bumper
Twitter says in my "Similar to You" section I'm like Twitter, you've obviously never SEEN my stand up.
That kinda stuff would happen to me man
Happy birthday !!
You may not love me
you are not on the first and largest, if you do contact me@
Goodmorning :) I just wanna relive last night for the rest of my life :D
can you do something about your targeting? It's a bit off. ;)
At Target in Bloomington, 200 to 300 people in line at 10:30 p.m.
Final score: Fort Bend Travis - 85, Warren - 72. We are proud of you, Warriors!
Welcome to FRIDAY!
Miller Park needs somebody like so I can tweet requests, like "Call Me Maybe"
Congrats on your aware! Whatever it is, since won't tell me!
WPA member artist Mei Mei Chang is featured in "The Painting Imperative" after Erin Treacy saw her work at the WPA booth at (e)merge!...
so happy i wanna cry! Feels like all the chasters all over the world won tonight..slime for everybody!!!!
are the #jets fielding a football team or the cover of tigerbeat?
getting all gangsta lately
Post some shirtless pics and then all of the thirsty women and gay men will follow you...that is how it works for most...lol
hello tweeps! remember that time you had nothing to do on a friday night? no? is that b/c its tomorrow that you have nothing to do? (cont)
have you ever been to Kingwood Center? Thinking about doing a day trip there Sat to see the blooms. I think it's up your way.
Who wanna have my baby
Hopefully, she will come around soon.
Allegro Dance Company will be touring their new show AVANTI --Jan 17th Akron Ohio Civic Theatre --we will be there!
#AD4MH is an amazing cause!! Thank you Melter for the invite. A great resource for
Nice tattoos on your neck. Good luck getting a job.
Cru De Gra was fun last night! Let's pack it next week everybody! Congratulations to The Fall Of Catalina for winning the first night!
i not sure i can handle a whole board but willing to try
What's the one lyric you wish you'd written?
$50 bucks for simply doing my job? Thanks !
iPhone auto-correct just saved my ass.
lol. Your suggestion is noted. :)
roadtrip to idaho
I wish I had seen this before grocery shopping!!
…cont) selfish on this one ;)
RT : LOVING you all....your sparkle in our #SmGirlfriends makes me smile! Hit RT if you feel the same!
Just picked up some free moving boxes from a curb that we found listed on Craigslist...
I really miss soccer!
Show this Friday at the Second Chance Saloon in Columbia, MD and appearance on FreshTV this Saturday.
Anyone up for a boycott of all stores that start playing Christmas music before Thanksgiving?
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and of true progress. Nicholas Murray Butler
Smilers always help to others Smilers :D
The Big Universe
Nothing can get any better than my favorite ginger and my favorite curly haired boy tweeting each other.
the older you get and with the more people you lose, the holidays will continue to be harder every year..
Will what is happening in #libya also start happening in Wisconsin?
Re: Telling military suicide stories. The military suicide rate is no longer lower than the civilian rate
MoMo is coming to Atl...be on the look out
I'll be salty if I didn't >.>
It's Happy Hour at Rosemary's! Come in and enjoy a delicious beverage at the bar!
Ha what's the capital of South Dakota ? RT: Everyone has that one friend that has absolutely no concept of geography
Trading in some shitty/old games for Tales Of Graces F tonight. RPG time is killing my Marvel game >:(
Man! Its kinda brick outside in the nyc!
yuck on the cold. Did you recommit?
I am not having a happy day having a realy bad hair day how is you're hair today is it worth it
Going to get my nails done!:)
RT Solid suggestions! Also if $ is an issue, street vendors have legit fruit/vegetable options. Prepping ahead of time is key!
YAY. Got a new client today for another WP site. You have GOT to love word press. We're not just a blog anymore.
The Boston Globe has a best selling boom on weather. Only in New England.
That is very true coach.
Aw, is that your doggie? Super cute! I just want to hug him... her?
Whoops! Meant to ask you what you're writing? That's a lot of words!
**welcoming new beginnings**
It's a crazy day but I love these days. Better to be busy then trying to find stuff.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Melinda! Happy #GiveBIG day!
All I want to see is Mayweather vs Pacquio!!!
If you ask someone out through text & break up with them through text too there's something wrong with you
When blessing's come down, praises gotta go up.
Verge will be making artist announcements at the end of April, so check back! Vergemusicfestival.com
okay Jessica!
Does anyone have spare gmail account?
Your not on the radio anymore are you? I missed it! #salty -_-
LOL! RT : I was almost #verified. As Reginald VelJohnson from 'Family Matters.'
i'll post my spicy pics on twitter so if your not following bummer
party got busted and and i literally had to out run the cops.
Some days, all I think about are food trucks.
We're gonna make it POUR! RT holy crap, a diamond? you guys are
Define GREAT.
But I had already bought my property on the moon! Now what am I suppose to do ?
can you give me the link to the today show? I can't seem to get to it. Thanks!
bad link
Yep I go back to school soon, so photos will take a back seat. I almost enrolled to get a degree in photography, but didn't
(cont) please contact via message if possible; your time is greatly appreciated!
Happy birthday to Basij-Rasikh, Youth LINKS Afghan project manager!
Let's face it. A Hot Mess is really just a Mess with nice breasts
I can help you.
thanks Man! LOL
I love who you play on a.n.t farm because I think that you are so funny!!!!!
Hey would you leave your sister alone please? Not only is she in church, she's WORKING in church. BTW, didn't see you here.
LOVE IT :)
Rockin a cancer benefit show tonight at Priors Tap and Tavern! Caste Village be there!
And greetings to you as well! Are you getting pounded with rain like we are here in Los Angeles?
"[The women] told how much they appriciate the bulbs you give them. They said no to #kerosene." -Our friend Agnes Turanta in
He looks good for 34. ": Happy anniversary to the #PhilliePhanatic! Our favorite mascot made his debut on April 25, 1978."
really like Doug Collins. Seems like all class. Good man.
We are looking for Global Elements
pool open?
RT : I don't expect anything from anybody....just ask that you be real. Sadly that's the hardest thing for ppl to do!
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
Sorry, brain and typing fingers disconnected in last tweet. Floria Lasky was an arts *lawyer*, of course
Another great NETSL conference. Loved the chocolate pretzels!
Question: if I sell my BMW X6 what kind of vehicle should i get?
Pacers finished with 4 wins less than Heat, but Pacers didn't get 4 automatic wins versus the Bobcats either like Heat.
I'm just wondering what the longitudinal fallout will be for individuals in this industry when technology changes...again...
Hey, if y'all wanna stay dry, go to Facebook. Ain't nothin goin on over there lol
RT : "Most enterprise apps still look like clunky web apps." - enterprise app panel @
So delighted to meet and catch up with at #CampaignTech today!
There are always more than 2 sides to every #Story & since I'm MR.STORY...Jonathan (Government) & J-Story (Stage) isn't enuff
Limestone County man faces judge in dog burning case
the blonde girl sitting on the left of me
DM Me. I Wanna Talk To U About Shit I Cant Say On Twitter. U Still Got My Number?
I need to make sure I don't drunk facebook anymore..
Will do, thanks!
Safe travels to the US of A ! The dairyland (and Georgie) awaits you!
Patio open! Happy Hour at 3 today! PLEASE NOTE THAT TWILIGHT WILL BE CLOSED ON THE 4TH OF JULY. Plan your drinking/eating accordingly.
If you are a #personaltrainer or #groupX instructor who knows about #diastasis, please @ mention me for info about a directory I'm building.
If you don't know me..here's a opportunity to get to know me.
I'm not - you should get at me for some beats
..b4 corporations!!
Just got done shopping with the band in Philly. Got some new apparel to rock on stage. (:
Say hi to my bro David Papineau in Tioga. I voted for you in Florida and pray you are
People hate on you because deep down they wish they was where you're at in life but just can't seem to figure out how to get there!
#lockout or #CabinInTheWoods this weekend???
no- continents away. But I sure checked. And prayed. Now praying for Mexico.
We've came to far to throw it all away
agree - I think it's more important for information to be verifiable than for the author to be verified.
#Milwaukee Fire officials say a possible 1 year old little girl has died in apartment fire at MLK and Wright.
S/O To All My Followers
this new science teacher..
Can you guess what the carousel horse is worth? You can win some tickets to Il Divo. Use #kcpt with your guess so we can find it.
RT : Old enough to kno better... Young enough to not give a fuk
don't tell me what to do.
Im contemplating something at the current moment
Rick Scott just appointed a 1% banker to the County Commission. Another out of touch move by an out of touch governor.
Happy hour for the rest of the nite Jenga party. Corndogs. I friggin' love mondays.
im definatly ready for the lady in black ... my question is why everyone hates danica i think she is awesome
RT if you think im funny, if not continue scrolling, ill roast you later.
: if you aren't following this yet you should be!: RT Goodness, it's gone gin o'clock.
Not if it's about Yuni RT Would you be upset if I tweeted something kinda mean?
Corey and I are sitting next to some old guy in the park and we can’t tell if he’s sleeping or…”sleeping forever”...
I see the fear of tomorrow in so many people's lives; they aren't focused on the miracle of today & what can be done in it. Today is His.
its hot , finna go get my haircut
I just checked out the FarXFarout venue. It is so sick. Come check out #FarXFarout during
Thanks for the follow :))
We have a bumper sticker here that says: "Content Over Bandwidth." It's as relevant today as it was 20 years ago, when we wrote it.
Hopefully he does well for y'all. Seemed to be a consensus WTF? when they released him here.
Common sense is slowly declining for most people
Today just might be the perfect golfing weather...CHYEAH
when is everyone coming to visit?
drill baby drill !
Watching an old bob dole Pepsi ad, r u the Pepsi pharmacist?
Is "one less thing to do" even grammatically correct? One fewer thing to do? Internet, why aren't you helping me???
Stanton Moore comming on in an hour. Hell yea!!!
Hello there cutie! Thanks for the follow! I followed back. You are my first ferret! too cute!!!
Happy to see more builders using our CMS integration!
1 for the record books! Nats, Caps and O's all won today!!!!!!
Let's go
CUPCAKE EVENT TODAY!!! Classy Girl Cupcakes will be in our lobby 11:30-1:30 with cupcake samples and cupcakes to buy. So Yummy! Stop by!
My boyfriends mom is the best !
Marylanders: I'll be taking recyclable textiles to the facility in Gaithersburg at the end of the month if anyone wants to join me!
The #DesignProLunch #Dallas Twitter list has been updated with today's newbies. We're up to 50! /design-pro-lunch-dallas-2
Leaving school to go to the dentist!
I'll be sure to tweet the journey so you can enjoy vicariously!
Good morning folks have a bless day
Get off ur high horse shawty u ain't all that
lol. You can have him for now. I gotta concentrate on this music. But yea they really humble too!
De nada. I look forward to the article.
I don't need quarters to do dishes. No contest! But yes, Pyraat is super nom.
Yu with some top speed live
I love Orange juice
No U Sound Constipated
bless u!
haha, I'm not trying to talk smack. Because I'm sure the DBacks will get swept at some point
ur welcome cody please makr me happy and retweet me or contact me
yeah for sure, dm your email so i can send you some stuff
fuckin cotton mouth
Thanks Lexy! RT : have a safe flight and fun in Miami!!! ;)
Epic battle seen happening right now.
Ryan gosling >>>
Looking for LGBT/Allied webisodes, vlogs, event coverage, interviews, media for global broadcasting. Contact me!!!
I know. I was mistaken. Thought he traded back.
I finally found my phone
these niggas be trippin me out,whenever they get to doing bad and start forgetting about all the shit a nigga lend em
i cant take the suspence!!
I grind cause that's what im good at
Just want this day to be over
I have a feeling im going to be up all night #wideawake 😳
GET.A.LIFE. Jkkkk(; I'm still upset from earlier! Hahahhaa (:
In carpet fibers and other applications, wool's texture and resilience enable it to recover well from crushing and resist soiling.
THANK YOU Lietenant Jim Olschlager and Sergeant Scott Martin with the Nevada Highway Patrol! Had a great time with you guys, ystrdy! U ROCK!
you coming to ny this week its my 21st bday would be cool to meet you!
The opposite of rejection--my story has found a home.
so i type it in the recipients box! Right? Lol
This football game is so boring
is austin done?
Creative Pros: our daily routines keep us from big ideas at times. Use other people's stories/art/songs to gain new perspective easily.
u da man. Glad you are well!
Dog + empty cereal box = Confetti
Did he say 'hope we sell out Pauley'? Don't they only seat like 7OOO?
I still can't believe it has zero support for anything sports-related. seems like a very easy, useful thing.
HEY! WHATS UP!?
I usually don't feel tired the next day when I have insomnia. But today I'm beat. Going to the gym to try to work thru this.
Thanks much for the kind words, Rebecca :) So glad others enjoyed it as much as I have #TRMA585 (and ditto on learning)
ghetto fabalous is my middle name yo
about 'a year of buying American/organic/from Black owned businesses only'
oh my god CAN I BE YOU
You are only as strong as the sum of all your parts! Don't forget about your legs, cuz when you are 80 you won't be walking on your hands.
got me a pink vest and tie for prom haha.
when people don't know you're cool, you get unfiltered feedback
You play a great game.
When you gonna release "They Keep Telling Me To Run" produced by
Its my destiny
Indy gonna trick it up
for sm reason im atracted to yhu n i wnt to see how u realy look if my boyfriend see dis he goin be mad
Man, I love me some Dokken. And I don't care that is public knowledge, Just sayin'
Forever alone
"twitter is not that different from the proverbial cocktail party"- aka shameless self-promotion will get you nowhere
hahaha yes! Off to the beach!
My head's about to explode
Can't wait for and in their High School movie;)
best thing that could happen to his career and credibility.
Hairdresser's nipple; it's a real thing.
Searching for a bedbug.
RT : Alaska has a Little Rock too? <--- LOL. Guess I wasn't good at geography in school.
Maybe I'm too picky....
Student on campus today wearing two different pieces of gray suit. I want to tell him to take the jacket off.
send me the link jessica :)
Important Tips in Creating a Fan Page on Facebook
my friend does that!!
yes I'm afraid this is just not their series. So much 4 every1 wanting this team in rd 1
Girls go wild
I thought that only let you mute people.
Re Last tweet "so many opportunities that, unless we make some hard choices, we spread ourselves too thin and don’t have the impact we want"
It's just this random pose that a bunch of people on facebook are doing, then taking pics of it.
Time for ! GO BLUE!
We&#39;ve Been Framed! | | Pinnacle Animal ... - Pinnacle Animal Hospital
lol, that is a good thing...but still, props for your dedication/being in the library on a Sunday afternoon!
Call on Wednesday! RT i wish you were open, me and want milkshakes so bad !
Wish I could go to bed and never wake up.
Very nice weekend here. Hope yours was too.
Thanks to new followers ;-)
Working downtown >>>>>>
#BarnesandNoble in #CoralSprings can #suckit...and the manager on duty today should be
Thanks -not interesting enough for boys?
DeMaio says he will also hold ConVis accountable.
Back for Round 2 at
follow back ?
Can't blame Jack Z for not giving Fielder a 9 year, 215 million dollar deal. Scott Boras wins again.
I'm up for a Winterhawks game as part of the fall or winter BOA meeting. Up for a group adventure?
- CNT wait to see you if plans haven't changed
you okay?
Haha. Thx. You too. Talk soon.
It's almost show time! Make sure you have bought your tickets!
My boys won their game and are now 1 - 1. Syracuse won their first game and are 1 - 0. GOOD TIMES !
People taking full advantage of this 80 degree weather. I see people have EVERY window down just because. Lol.
#Southpark had an amazing take on the NCAA last night. 'If they get paid, how do we make all our money????'
i try all types of piercings .. i want my jaws now hell .
I am a part of all I have read.
good call. , the Meatball Shop is great too.
Great road win tonight, tremendous effort from our guys! Everyone who played contributed.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.-Jim Rohn
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall. Congrats to Coach Katen
Henderson Nevada Pub Lib I believe (that's what the Polaris rep told me, but I haven't confirmed myself)
"The best of intentions are no substitute for the resources our schools need." at State Assembly hearing.
Off work early, so putting in work on the latest melodic recipes.
miss you girl! Hope you're having fun :)
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys! Love ya<3
Free in NYC tonite? Beat the heat, see Dick Cavett live at Ethical Culture Society, tics at the door. Socrates in the City event.
dylan just has my heart. gosh, he's perfect. i love you.
It was a long stressful day. Thought about quitting... but I came to my senses.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
Taco bell is nothing!U gtgo to hard rock and have the 10oz burger to measure up- Donethat fries&shake
Interesting how often u see "miracle" applied to a scientific advance. 'You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think.'
I just don&#39;t have the strength right now.
That was a good reunion
Then, swipe right 2x to reveal the AirPlay button. Tap, and select your TV. As long as your TV is set up, that should do it!
Writing the vocal melody harmonies and chorus was so much fun. I look forward to channeling the rest of the comps:)
Got invited to go boating this weekend..
RT : T2: I think the skepticism comes when an individuals info HASNT been shared w/appropriate providers.
does this eliminate the possibility of orality as a "form" of writing? I'm thinking of AfAm rhet principle nommo...
Hm, not sure. It's so it's not downloading, I think it's live streaming. Thanks Natalie.
Happy hump day!
Ill blog about the whole fiasco tomorrow. It is a classic #business case in total lack of customer focused culture.
m let me try them on
This is coming soon
oh ok did u was it weird where u like hey she does come here
I will, goodnight (:
Twitter -vs- Facebook. Hm... Not sure which is better, i suppose they both suck!!
Happy Friday Ladies and Gents .... did you know all purchases on our tees will provide a 10% donation to a charity? That you will choose!
Ha! That shaving cream demo is messy!
Love Has No Gender
guess wat!! 4 my 17th birthday in less then 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) u guys r amazing <3
I'm Completely Done Pushing Something That Will Never Happen. All You Can Do Is Try.
probably not... gross. #that'stoomuchmilk
Going to be hard to get over this 1
