you had that girl inront of you liar!
how you doin'?! If you do comedy, @ us and we'll RT your funny material
Hey sophia, would you be interested/willing to help out with a small project?
Happy Birthday #NewMexico ! Now blow out the candles before you start a forest fire!
we've had similar experiences LCF. selected clusters for lign-n but also not. green? not worried
RT RT A good man will ALWAYS make her smile, & spoil her with happiness
We look forward to hearing your work!
Tried out the new Buddha Bar last night & it is intense sh** Now we know y MTV filming them. Come by & try it out for yourself!
I've been in my Halloween costume for over 24 hours.
Beautiful Saturday. Working on getting Yogi to do a backflip. So far he's looking at me like I've lost my mind.
Torn for tonight's fight! Not a fan of #Cotto but despise hm...double knockout? Lol Neither could touch
Happy Tuesday! We released an update for iOS that has many, many new features! Check it out on the app store!
damn turn up why dont u
Bosh is the worst defender in the league!!
Damn right I got it!
thanks for the shout!
Why is my name Priscilla ? Its stupid /;
Leaving home is hard but atleast I'm going to Miami!!!!
Just finished my second 8k! This time I didn't walk at all!
Thanks for the follow Larry -
Justin Bieber's original SUCKS! Only thing GOOD in it are the cars! Thank God for REAL artists, like Madilyn Bailey, that can make it good!
Mind following my new account
Awake now. Still sick. I really don't want to go to the doctors but it looks like I might have to.
Big achievement always takes place in the framework of big expectation.
Vomit in the hotel hallway. I love Vegas! Guess they won't making it to the HandsOn Labs today!
that's definitely coming in the future, but right now they're geared around our product. We'd love to have you come by!
My life has drastically changed so fast. I hope I'm making the right decision.
yup. He popped out before I finished typing.
Aw! Thank you!!! That is very nice. Every1 has their own path & I like relationship books but they're not the law! Lol
I FINALLY GOT TO HUG MY MOM FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THREE FREAKING YEARS OMGOMG
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they’re the ones who think that you’re better than them.!!!
Minnetrista asked "Why aren't we more visitor centered?" has your museum asked? #aam2012 share & RT
Is #Tanzania facing a worse drought situation than expected? World Vision staff reporting 76% of the region affected
women have left the #GOP ... Sick of misogynistic sexists ... Look elsewhere
I love when you say this. It makes me smile(:
sexy im liking the grill!!!! <3
Agreed. Great flick!
If I may ask, when you were younger, did you ever think that you would be loved by this many people for believing in yourself?
New loan programs starting from a 500 credit score!!! Contact me for details...
Just saw at Hollywood & Highland!
Event reminder, this Saturday night April 7th "the Hostile Takeover Tour" featuring Tech N9ne & MGK. get ur tickets today and save!
#MM Nice article on by partnership for sure!
#Earthquake felt moderate here in western side of SF ... 4-ish? Did wake me up with a swig and a wiggle
YOU ROCK.
Just scrubbed the entire apartment clean with we can finally breathe :)
rigatoni pasta with sausage...yummy..hope all is well in texas with ya
I just can't get into Pinterest!!
Bob calms my soul.
Are we sure he's dead and not just ducking the subpoena for his deposition?
Don't wanna wake up early & take that AP test 👩 🔫
With Ricky Rick! :D #greatnight tomorrow is Christmas Eve! If you didn't know that already I thought I'd inform your dumb self! :)
Been chilling how you doing?!?!
~Peace.☮.Love.♥.Happiness.(:.~ .......Pshhh forget it were not in the 70's anymore.
Running is the only road to Kenyan sports glory. They can't choose between football or baseball. The best are in 1 sport.
Next year is my year spoon assassins
I have no idea! I'm surprised I'm awake, but just decided to roll with it.
Train hard to be better then the guy who is training to take your spot...and happens to be 5-10 years younger.
Not only will my man pacman whoop ur ass but he will sing you a song right afterwords!!!! lol
I don't do pinky promises anymore, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're fucked and that's a promise. 👍❤
keep up the good work!
U were supposed to be cced RT Like an 18 wheeler with a drunk driver driving
My internet speed is killing me.
them bugs ain't gone hurt u
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
100% kids today have NO imagination at work. It's all done FOR them!
We Got Tickets for the Rick Ross Concert Tonight .... Come get fresh for the concert tonight
We are am is wordfisters in this Scriptorium.
I will be giving organizing tips on Great Day Houston, KHOU-TV channel 11, on Tuesday, 1/11/11 at 9:00 am central time, greatdayhouston.org
RT where in the first do you think you will be drafted?
bwahaha u know i gotta laugh at that right?!! by the way, how hv u been hun?
SAD MOTHERS DAY RT : Closed for Mother's Day. Open Monday for VT Dance Co. Pub Lab FREE & cask pint specials.
cool I just hit u by the way
Peyton Manning to Baltimore?
where are you at the air show?
This is how we do it
Source Code is a really fucking good movie.
Chocolate covered espresso beans
Yo, can we get a Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez duet, either "Fire and Desire" or "On My Own"???
Gotta look for the apts
Oh I don't have that :/ I want Starbucks!
You should go see McKinley in person, it's incredible.
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
Someday I'm gonna learn how to use this thing. Until then, please bear with me. Thanks.
Oooooooohhhhhh PUT MY DICK IN YOUR FACE ...!!! Put my dick in your face -NICKI
In the paths of the wicked lie thorns and snares, but he who guards his soul stays far from them. Proverbs 22:5
Thanks for following , , !
Happy Birthday Abbie!
Well... Uh.. Shit. That was unexpected..
I can ride my bike with no handle bars.
you know I'm really mad at Vanderbilt right?
Lol ur a mess. Don't get it twisted tho, I was bred on hip hop! Just accepted early that being black didn't mean I was pigeon holed.
the secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly deceived. -wilde
Just had a
oh ok cool :)
Phone book recycling in S. Austin - HEB on Oltorf -The bin is on the far west side of the parking lot.
Don't Trust Anyone..
I've never seen it either...
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Its about to get Linsane.
Not liking #JimmyKimmel live; he's only good in 4 or 5 minute intervals ;)
DURING. Can I get a diagnosis via twitter here??
oh, my! I am as creative-minded as they come, but yes, when it comes2kids, that gets me.
i'm not interesting i'm mean and boring, always.
So I can kill all the fleas. Ended up at the store for spray, powder and liguid treatments... Took the day and cleaned and fumigated.
The education connection commercial is so fucking annoying! I want to punch that chick in the throat.
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince = AMAZING! Loved it! Thank you, work, for giving me advance screening tickets!
It's a far cry from the original, let's just say that. But you're not paying for it, so it's not all bad
best TV show: VICTORIOUS
Shouldn't I come w/you?
Followers and Forgotten
teyanna's account keeps sending me spam without her knowing... Thought she had sum to say lol
congrats! see you soon. RT : Happy Opening Day! We had a line stretching down to the Square, and the doors are now open!
got it. thanks!
RT : Heading to this year -- has your preview of all the fun on the Good Morning Show.
Love my OKC Thunder!!!!
The Alumni Connections Panel is starting now in the A.J. Drexel Picture Gallery!!
#SXSW #3screenmin "Give people the content they want and get out of the way." Advice for branded content.
Love my new makeup.
We rocked another great rehearsal last night, it's starting to come together nicely, can't wait to get on the road!
Only 5 days left until the $100 Botox/Juvederm rebate offer ends. Email or call us 866-738-3256.
Agreed! RT : The Best Cure is Prevention!
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
#yougetpointsif you like me in a baseball cap
Sending tweets via txt message. Do I want this?
check out or they are good guys.
The latest food truck craze: Doughcakes! Or cupnuts. No wait, it's doughcakes.
My mohawk says, "Hello."
Smh only can do the serious face and get away with it #duhh lol
hey this is my iPhone background :)
Swag me out bitch!
T.S. Eliot ignored by bagboys. Sylvia gets trapped in an ATM enclosure. Beckett returns from spring break single. All shocking.
I vote yes. After all, Denver the Last Dinosaur managed to master the electric guitar.
When r ppl in my building going to have any consideration.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you... please! I love you so much Christian.
keep the content area white but add a color to the background
MSA 14; S S Friedman suggested next publishers booths. Victoria Rosner is program chair
Amen Sister!
your going to the freecember at 3am?!
Knee doctor appt. Today :( gonna get my german accent ready:) haha
Time to workout 💪
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
not currently, but can help you get up and running with another of our supported gateway providers.
I hate boston.
Blessings delayed aren't blessing unheard.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley :)
It really wouldn't surprise me. The announcers didn't bring their a-game either. RT Did he just say "And we're tied 27-21?"
That awkward moment when your on vacation and find out u might move there...
if he has Asik guard him he might be alright...
I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really
New musical acts need to be dishing out NEW music. Keep people on their toes.
Oops! Already cracked open the beer and frozen pizza (stored for the hurricane!) Back to the store in the morning...
Apologizing doesn't always mean you are wrong . It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego. - Danielle Simion
No, I'm wearing a simple Skaagen. My wrists are so thin, you just can't see it because it's under the shirt.
I'll be here until Weds morning if you're back by then :)
Stop by 245 24th St in West Des Moines, Iowa for our #GarageSale! All proceeds go for our move to
You better not break my heart, my daddy's got a gun.
quack quack
Community intelligence is being added to my programs-wendell fears fears & fears investigations and intelligence agency
You can't go wrong with Italian food and a nice atmosphere! I'm lucky that my husband is an amazing cook!
should do a half baked 2012 for new years.....so I can do the drunk man nigga do the drunk man
Done with my first semester of college. Flight leaves in 6 hours :D
TIL there are only 12 aircraft carriers in the world, the US owns 11. Only 5 are really active! #TED why do we need so many?
I'm so sleepy.....didnt sleep well last night....fighting to keep my eyes open in class....ihate taking notes in pencil
Gus and yaya's!
blargh, yo. Did you break it before? It just sprain it?
Thank you. Internet has too much info:)
Great Site! I've got you book marked for any tile jobs that come along! Nice to meet you here!
Ardham Technologies is proud to announce that we are now officially a Cisco Advanced Unified Communication Partner.
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
... so SHPanda PedoBear's somewhat more respectable cousin?
mine or yours? cuz i got yours
Celebrity sighting.. Bud Adams here in Costco...wonder what he's gonna buy
Susan Hildreth Sharing information is the heart of what we do. This is what will make DPLA successful.
Gorgeous day in South Florida. About to get ready for my weekly soccer game.
I'm completely booked Thursday lol let's wait til the week after :)
Congratulations to Landi on an amazing performance as the dragon on BGT
My Spanish teacher makes the strangest noises...
Darn you, Caps. Darn you.
looking for yoga instructor interested in teaching challenge Sun Oct 2nd from 4-6. if interested
Playin nspy fest at zebulon tonight, I go on at 9pm, playin my new record HUbble Drums all the way thru!
RT : I have a theory that Domino's won't add ingredients to its "Artisan pizzas" bc they're just frozen pizzas
Idk what it was about him but Southside in the GS Boyz was sexy AF!!
well be happy for once will ya ?💨
I told him I'd lend him it if I can do his makeup, and he has actually considered it, wow.
who me??
Someone on this train must've bathed in perfume this morning. And yet, astonishingly, it still smells like pee in here.
shout right back at Floyd.. He's rocking the assignment desk !
Thanks for everyone who came out to support us while @ Coto De Caza golf tourney yesterday!⁰
Omfg I wanna go and visit U.S.A :[
You are #BlackGold. You are...
lol you can take four months easy. Try like 8 months you poop face. Lol
Another class hung photos of their own I SPY style vignettes with classroom toys, blocks, play food, etc. So fun!
BE SURE TO TUNE IN FOR ROUGH CUTS with KEN BASTARD NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only Santana could have made a solid throw down to second base. We would have been
i really shouldnt be thinking about this right now.
Dear Andy Kaufman please choose Curt Clendenin to be one of your first three disciples.
thankz for the mention i got lots of new followers
you are very welcome :)) hope it helped? :D
I did.
#YouShouldBeAshamedif you believe slavery ended a long time ago.
glad u made me know it but whatever nigga.lol
Great posting on the first call we make. The hardest step to take in our dreams is often the first one.
do you have a link to that website it seems really cool!
it's tuesday and my ankle flexors, quads and hips are still on fire. I hate you, but I love you
I hate seeing my friends be in pain :(
": If u love your nigga u going be there from him through whatever"
Of course I respect and acknowledge my home team but I've always admired the brotherhood and dedication the Celtics have.
yoooooo dude dm me your num I got a new number and need to finish this gypsy bitch on my arm
i know! that's how it was for me at first but then it said tickets were no longer available
When your drop your phone on your face while texting laying down.
Don't be hurt when God severs ties you though would be enduring. Some connections were meant to be seasonal.
I'm about to walk in. Go Spurs Go!
Danks is awful. Good night.
Today held yet another amazing conversation with Girl never fails to speak the truth of the gospel into my life. Blessed.
demi i just purge my burger i know i need help :'(
Milwaukee has a comedy scene?? Yes, Milwaukee has a killer comedy scene! Come see it in action tonight at The Sugar Maple!!
Between. 6th and 7th street on walnut.
just met Mark Curry from "Hangin' With Mr. Cooper" at work today...the perks of the job!
Thank you for the kind RTs & mentions - greatly appreciated!
Martina Navratilova~ The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
Doing well B!
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Let's go Union Rags
Bradley cooper. Yep I would. No shame in saying it!
Any MPLS people interested in Brian Eno lecture next Tuesday?
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios. Bring current Resume & 3 Show Proposals
Today is a good day. :)
Ready to watch some Football (and follow on GameTracker) with Let's Go #RedHawks!
Indeed some similarities. I like your blog concept. Something I've done a lot of recently (disruptive change). Mostly good :)
Hannahan comes in at 3rd in the 8th inning for the Indians
RT : Would a scarf w/ my suit/tie combo be too much? ... I think that's perfect!!!!!!
Omg I made it to the shuttle on time!? A miracle!
you should find away to put a space between christmas and sadness. :)
Has creating brochures become favorite project at every school. Seems every teacher here is doing this project this year. Why?
im going to make a tiny chat. please meet me there
Last hockey season was the best season ever, I miss it
and that is how you met your WIFE!
Hopkins in T-minus 2 hours. Cross your fingers and tubes for higher lung function and no more picc line!
the one group I am still kicking myself over missing is Azelia Banks. She plays at 2:30 tomorrow. Short set.
We've been trying to teach clients to use FB, Twitter, etc etc to their advantage...like social media resumes
:( why just why
My latest work SOLD SHORT: an #example of #poststructuralist #poEssay & #commentary on
I#saywhatyouneedtosay #fuckyoujohnmayer correction your phone is dead :)
You are really letting your eyes deceive you if you don't think the loss Bosh's presence isn't a big deal.
Need a blowdry or touch-up color? Schedule your appointment TODAY (301) 231-8757...Mention this ad to receive a FREE highlight face frame
One more fucking love song I'll be sick
Our friendly neighborhood R&B singer just had his lackey bring a lg cooler full of bevs and 3 bags from TGI Fri into locker room. Too funny!
Ha, U know it broyo
Hhaha! I actually had this exact conversation with someone about this exact topic....
nice shave job rake!
ok. Thanks for the update. Have a great weekend!
Learning about the types of strategies and marketing that are critical to Non-profits at the Bisnow breakfast.
I'm checking tickets to make sure there correct. I want u to get ur Oscar lol
New rehearsal/studio space + trio rehearsal = Robert happy!
I'd Walk A Thousand Miles , If I Could Just See You .. Tonight ♥
Such beauty we find in the smallest of objects
best night of my life.
Thanks for the RTs:
Why did R. Kelly's "Sex Weed" just pop up in my mind?
Ok...tuned in right before Alicia and Reba sang. Thanks!
Week 3 of the no-coffee challenge: under eye circles beginning to disappear. *note: no coffee does not = no caffeine.*
awe! *hugs you back* :} I love hugs :D
Can't wait til my finals over
I'm staying at the Wynn resort on the strip. Surrender nightclub is in the hotel?
If all else fails I have a promising career as a street vendor in front of me. Homemade bacon-wrapped hot dogs are the best!
i know. it says in your bio, Austin.
Just ignore him. Swiftee lives in his own crazy universe.
I think you guys fall outside of that general category!
can I get a callback...Sony vs universal pull a string for
Hey can I put my order in with you !! We really need a fresh dozen!
I find you SO annoying !
How u gonna b a prominent football player and let ur girl stab u up, then u lie 4 her "What's up wit that?'kill the relationshipb4 it kils u
Cintolo emphasized that Roller couldn't identify source of funds from Topazio to #Dimasi. She counters: Topazio said he used Cognos funds.
Probably something else then? They said the usual tell is the stiff neck... Hope you feel better soon!
It's AWESOME!!!+_+ I luv the line!
It baffles me how some of you girls post these dumpy pictures of yourselves on the Internet. Honestly what are you broads smoking?
Who watches ESPN at 2 p.m.?
thank you so much for following. Checked out your blog ...looks good. Are you from NYC originally?
God shows up just in time. right before you give up. #letgo. #walkaway and #backslide. He's working it out for your good.
GET BACK!IT'S A PINWORM ATTACK!BITIN THAT HOLE IN THE THROW OF HUNGER,PINWORMS LOVE THAT BUNG SIR,EAT YOU UP,SCRATCH THAT BUTT
Symphony to present world premiere: &quot;Different River,&quot; by Atlanta composer ... - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Thanks for the MENTION, RD. Sure appreciate it. All best to you.
I was thinking about taking that course.
Definitely. Same here.
Things you don't want to hear from your web host RT : Fire Alarm... I think it's only a test. We'll be right back. ^ML
What God Starts, He Finishes!
be sure to boil the water so your brains don't get eaten by bacteria! other than that, those things are the miracle workers!
Beyoncé's dad denies taking money from her.
Ut oh. There goes my bracket. Thanks for nothing missouri.
Facebook's back-end to keep content clean is truly stunning.
Hashtag us! #RiDe or
w.e kierra!!!
First to tweet to you!
bagel club today in paccar commons from 11-1pm. Bring your appetite and come say hi! #prelunchsnack #noahsbagels #creamcheese?
#ThugLife RT U a G RT : !!!! RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
I would be very happy with Morway as GM, Indiana has done a fabulous job under his watch.
I have ivy in a flower box. If I snip some off and replant, will it grow?
NICK YOUNG! Where was this in DC? Memphis is giving this game away! Reggie Evans is playing phoneominal defense!
Another brewpub set to open July 4: Whip In's Namaste Brewing. Is there such a thing as too many brewpubs, Austin? Are we over-saturated?
Sarah's house
thanks for letting us know the severity of your intoxication Norkius.
#RealSh ""sometimes I dream bigger den I live"""
soil without roots.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Fauxthenticity. Because Faux makes fake cool. Rural Roundup
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself - so always think positively. -Norman Vincent Peale
Happy Mother's Day !!
Que haces este fin chica? Fun things in store?
Amazing day with the greatest guy I know. Thankful to be in SF with him for the night 💗🍸
Wake up an chase the things that really matter...
Just got off work, therefore I could not go to see Titanic-3D... The most unfortunate...
Not costumed... RT The Avengers broke every box office record including number of overweight costumed ticket holders. Bravo!
is changing lives on the daily through community leadership. I recommend following for
my aunt ☺
Is it possible to be successful adjacent?
please mention me thxx
Read my last tweet again cuz I know u smiled
one time use..Some companies claim re-usable but, I have tested them and that does not satisfy me
Thanks for the follow Kate, hope we will be able to get to know a bit about each other.
In excitement of all things Black&Gold today, I forgot to remind everyone: The Bobcats are bringing home a W tonight
Hahaha ... Joe is a fool!! He just asked if these Sopa and Pipa people that everyone was talking about were new castmembers on Jersey Shore.
#WhatDoYouThink may be some solutions to prevent Forex Fraud?
doing good. KMT emailed back and he is down too.. Just gotta get us all together for a few hours and make great things happen..!!
You got it Skin-a-roo. You da best my fellow metroplex grower upper. Humbled by your awesomeness. On Mavs & ESPN. peace :-)
Students working on peer review of essays- took 's advice & focused on oral "interviews" 1st before looking at drafts-worked well!
Happy Earth Day!
lmao hell naww! I just choked laughing!
Peanut or plain?
text me!
We're meeting today to discuss the 52 people we found during in #RVA Thanks for all of the support!
Mr. Go Go Green is taking over! Follow me on twitter for green tips, Go Go Green 5k run/walk updates, and where I'll be next!
There is quite a level of understanding as to why postal workers lose their minds
i love how when u complement some1 they just ignore u
Wow Josh Hamilton...I guess he was just as sick of hearing about Matt Kemp as the rest of us were.
Indigo Tree Publishing proudly announces that its hit teen novel BUZZ will be released in Chinese in e-book format within the next 2 weeks!
care by joel faviere >
glad I started following you. Creasing me up with that image.
Now that's stuck in my head! On the upside, is walking around singing & air-drumming it! :D
Nevermind , but have you been txting me ? cause i have too get a another phonee again Smh .
Join us at the Veterans Day Parade on 11/7/2011 contact for more details
As an instructor, one of my fav parts at the end of a term - getting thank you emails from students. Makes it all worth it.
Tryin to stay motivated ....in this game
140 characters or less can be poetic sometimes.
yeah why?
Bill Nye's awesome! Now 2 make my house as "green" as his. He's 1 of the major reasons y I have a Biology BA!
Of course. Still looking? Have u tweeted Bpd and Wbal etc?
absolutely! Don't you?!?
<-- Handsome young fella
The world is my stage..
Great, I'll be lookin' for ya!
dm thanks for following us. We are working on an initiative to deliver the best engaging curriculum at low to no cost.
I feel great when I'm sober. I must be old.
What club has the best girls???
Good morning everybody!! It's beautiful day in the underground! "Oldies But Goodies" releases June 28th
Stoked to head to camp! 36 hours to go til go
by the way, how are you doing ?
Just got to meet she said she loves hash tags so... #SingIt #WhyIsEveryoneTallerThanMe #RebeccaBlackOnRD #TooMuch?
same, same, how's you weeken been
UK has the game of the decade ahead of it & im sitting here wondering if we can pull off the unthinkable and get Nerlens @ Shabazz
Game time. As long as Zito does not double his era, #sfgiants should win this game.
hehe i made a new twitter :3
Go follow one my inspirations !! :D
you coulda tweeted em yano they're called orange helpers lol just type it on twitter Ýÿsearch :)
Sr Systems Engineer position w/SCOM and SCCM -metro Atlanta email:
Mama can you follow me please? (;
Doing my hair..thinking...
Yeah! Like don't cover a good song and suck. It doesn't work like that.
Just because you had a flight to catch RT I'm off my cloud soapbox now!
#FF thanks new follows Move your way!
Am sitting here at Taco Bell & I just tried the #DoritosLocosTacos & they are amazing!!
#Preach RT : MTV is a reality show channel, hasn't been about music for years.
The Terry-Bowl, hosted by Terry Bradshaw
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING LOOOOOL
hoops & puck plays from 70 cappers so far today and 1 consesnus in each sports and off another 2-1 cons. yesterday..back later
Today I just feel... Empty -____- I need something to cheer me up. FOLLOWING me won't even cheer me up. This. Day. Sucks!
I wish I could use the car tab tax to fund my
happy mothers day all... just back from holiday spending today alone but yes dressed fully as kathy t again
Of course! It's a wonderful space!
Please read on for a review of one of our Touring and Training (T&T) courses
“: always more sexual” and say fuck more
this Tuesday is all she wrote my friend
I don't think so why ? 😖
Check out some of the newest album title submissions! Spermatogenesys,Here,My Girl Wears A Viking Hat,Taster’s Choice,Medieval Bludgeon.
is watching mirabel & magnus chase each other.
MY CAT JUST CAUGHT A BIRD OUTSIDE, OMG. THAT BEAST.
So far #Britweek has been an event to remember,with so many respected & talented Brits making an appearance. watch this space 4a full report
Friend request accepted.
not shocked at all.
come to london asdfghjk
All my news feed on fbook is bt 4/20 , its just another day I mean if ur stoner then nothing will change, u prolly do it everyday anyway
I LOVE Natalie Le Blanc
i know i wish i could make it to the one in the city.
We are going to announce $1000 awarded for breaking event records in marathon and half!
Eating ice cream before my dress fitting...
Something I never get tired of hearing on the phone: "nigh night Gama" :-)
Any recommendations for a tax accountant in SF that specializes in self-employed individuals?
thanks, I understand you have a few other surprises for the API up your sleeve. Any hints?
You & Tequila Make Me Crazy Run Like Poison In My Blood. One More Night Could Kill Me Baby.1 Is 1 To Many & 1 More Is Never Enough.!!!
Hi Buddy!
Do you know you can sell or freely distribute your maps symbols & styles by any GIS software on GIS Extensions Market
Thx for the DM! But I can't DM you info unless you follow me, apparently...
what other types of snacks do you like?
Ran into last night at Hotel Cafe while standing outside talking with I'm glad I can finally say that.
we've got a really huge announcement coming shortly. :>) it's VERY customer friendly.
ENJOYING LIFE. Tonight
Hey, who's starting for the #Yankees today? :D
Woww! Two parties this week for us! Another later this month, this is really exciting!!
"A fool and his money are soon parted"
Ok nevr put curlers in ur hair ashley (LOL)
Don't stick your nose in that which you know nothing about. I am fuming right now.
good morning(:
Turned #CommunityAction leaders on to visualize.me #HFChat #JobChat #Pinerest resumes & more at #Illinois #IACAA Annual Conference at Hilton
Here outside at staples center.. ...waiting to go inside to see lady gaga live at her concert....we ;)
No, not at all. The author & I must have different ideas abt romance. Wht abt watching a sunset w/wine & looking for shells
So that's what's been affecting 's behavior since returning from LS.
In Jersey Tail-Gateing!
Looks like Channel 7 is having technical problems.
think your daughter will come out on top again this year?lol
my parents are visiting today or I would jump on that offer!
Scheduling MAYhem commitments for entire family. My color coded calendar looks like a rainbow threw up on it.
Sm auditions, cobu preview, sj shake app, promotions for fb while waiting. Going deaf and it hasnt eve started
if you would like to talk to a cooking school we are certainly active!
Q: why do the Vikings wear purple? A: you'd be purple too if you were always choking.
...which led to such silly statements like, "I didn't want to, but they Forrst.me."
Listening to Alesana and watching a Johnny Depp movie with Kennicide and Kenzz. Drawing an awesome picture of my favorite person!
Hey:) do you have a formspring?
Great talk from Alice Hoffman; got to read The Dovekeepers. Next: JA Jance, T. Jefferson Parker & Sebastian Rotella.
I like the stat Jayme, you have to wonder how many more drops he would have had if he was healthy in 10 tho
Alex, not a good pitch
But neither of them are necessary, right? Just go with "somebody I used to know."
Trying to watch the Oscars but don't know more than half the movies nominated let alone the winners
Taking my talents to South Beach. Actually, Orlando.
Cuddled up with a paper towel roll... still feeling feverish
great to connect with you as well
Dealing with oxymorons is a part of life, being balanced is the challenge. Eduardo Alarcon
I live inside a Romantic Comedy.
What if
When I'm with you I have fun.
great fooling us the teasers had nothing to do with the video:p
So that means Miley Cyrus' LOL should take in 967.00
thank you so much<33
#WeWontWorkoutIf your friends have any say in your relationships.
just signed up lol
girl you got me looking like a hula hoop lmao
... the girl with the too many movies... tattoo....
omg my mother!!! So mean
I only bring up "leadership" bc many of them are boasting highest levels of membership. But in the end who are they representing?
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
What is shastic you ask... shastic is #art! shastic is #creative! shastic is YOU! www.shastic.com.
Come on 10pm.
I'm not a huge fan of it either. I think it is the 5th best sport, and I only have time for 3.
“: #MentionTo someone who got the moves like jagger.”
This is good news? “Red Sox hitters lead Majors w/ 48 doubles & 68 extra-base hits & are 2nd in Majors w/ both a .291 AVG & .480 SLG"
#FF Late Weekend wishes
how much more before your back in super Rugby?
Jakarta! Hah.. Am feeling so tired like a G6!.
simply because I have a non biological bias lol :3
I'm goin' to visit at my Grandmother's in Brownsburg. Hopefully they're able to put me in a better mood.
no I said no so...
I just finished watching Breaking Dawn part 1! I'm super excited to watch part 2! Now I'll watch Thor!
Oh, but this absurd bridge jump stunt work almost makes up for it!
Some Guy is playing guitar outside
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
i am so down for that right about now
On the road again
Thinking of signing an up and coming detective fiction writer. Already have one in my sights. Want 711 Press to cover pretty much all bases.
Matusz' last good game?
First two people to "like" our facebook page will win Hank the Tank Bronx Goblin T-Shirts. Ready and go!
You think stealing makes you cool, ? You're under arrest.
and I'm SPENT.
good morning saw hunger games last night amazing(:
have fun in "the burl" Eat well!!!
Hey thanks for following back :)
we should do something to get verified :)
Learning to use my new phone
Thanks for explaining!
#What2ChainzWouldSay : Poke'mon... Pikachu! Phantom doors... peek-a-boo, shoe-game.... Liu Kain, my top gone- unthinkable! (Tru!)
“: Wake up wake up it's the first of the month :)”
they get confused withy Mac. Ugh
Burgers may get all the glory but these chicken tenders are finger lickin' good! Sticky's finger joint open on 3/22 w chicken tender love
sounds good. see you then.
Live a little cause niggas die a lot.
Me, , and have the same #birthday :) 9 Days!
ya but ESPN? They can fly him/her out for an interview, smaller companies do it all the time
we could enter the boys in fashion show but it wouldn't b fair 2 other dogs.
q of prioritization; how much effort should be spent making data more easily digestible to private sector (or other)?
thanks for yesterday :)
i got u bro
having a Rogue Dead Guy at the Mellow Mushroom with Meyers.
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
lol well I best you to the PAW! Muahahahahaaa! xP lol
I want (or rather need) to go shopping but not sure whether to head to mall in suburbs or battle tourists downtown
SEX SHOULD BE LIKE LOVE BE CAREFUL WHO U GIVE IT TEW KUZ YU MIGHT END UP REGRETTING IT
Elite 8 baby!
would love if played in #johngrisham next movie
The Rock Won and Wrestling will go on without him for another decade as usual. and I'm not gonna start on the World Title Match smfh
Jerry is a werewolf.
sexist! I've set it on DVR.
We tend not to use them, but they work fine and are good for protecting the base of a tree. may be able to help.
Thanks for the feedback and all the shares.
thank you!
": the awkward moment when two people start a conversation on your facebook status."
Join us for OVS Tot Shabbat on August 20 at 11:00 am! Enjoy a fun hour of kids' activities...then stay for a family-friendly Kiddush!
There ain't no 2nd guessin I say what I mean & mean what I say!
Dropping the kids off at the pool can be explosive sometimes
Modern day haitians make empty threats all da time....old school haitians will slap u w/ a sandal anytime they say they will
Sometimes you have to crank X the fuck up.
Exactly what always happens to small restaurants, alas.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand you say YOLO is annoying? when you use it just as much as all the others. I admit, I use it at unnecessary times.
i wanna try the new axe body spray for women
I can't wait for the WA Republican primary! I wonder if voters will pick the crazy asshole, the racist bigot, or the xenophobic shithead.
It's my day off and I won't get to watch AlexMar no mo!!!
RUSHERS LOVE ?? WE TRUE RUSHER WILL ALWAYS STAND BY U?NO MATTER WT?LOVE YA?
C'mon, app devs! Don't quit on us! RT : Seeing a lot of it lately. Oink, Buzzd, etc...
classified information
Essentials Haul plus other goodies - toothbrush holder
Yay the day has finally come. Back to oregon
That what you get's
You are all i want, you are all i need, we are longing for the glory of the Lord, cuz' we know there's so much more -8-
“: Thank God Im Fresh” me to
Oh, god. What book/film of his did you read and/or see?
I appreciate you bruh
Weather sucks outside... come warm up !
loved your article on Jane Austen and happy endings!
Thanks Jeannie. Luv you. Visit my closet for a "librarian" special show. I need your help.
hi Steve thanks for the RT and your support. Be blessed.
RT Phi psis setting off fireworks..thanks for the heart attack
Small Biz in this economy is like getting into a bleeding contest with a blood bank.
it was like something about the saying paying a dollar a day and one the answers was how Sam pays her gum fines
Lmao. It's better than repeating the same theory like a lunatic. haha
Tyga or wiz ? Who you got ?
Tim Duncan has never been as athletic as Blake Griffin but his fundamentals have made him a first ballot hall of famer! practice technique
MLTM is playing at the Big Lake block party next saturday! Come out and hear the songs from if only for the first time!!!
gay boys
If ur looking for a woman with qualities like #MarthaStewart, keep lookin. It maybe hard to come by chomp
I'm looking for a good text that will give me an overview of keynesian and post-keynesian economics...thoughts?
I only hope it's as good of a live-action debut as Brad Bird's M:i:IV . I'm a big fan of the books/stories!
Being 21 is exhausting!! (hanging out with my lil sis)
did you get to touch madison?!
I'm sorry! XD
Yeah, not just the quality but the size of the guac serving. Pretty tiny for $2.
www.elephilms.tumblr.com - our blog game is on point - FOLLOW US!
Have been a Mahomie from the start.. And WILL be till the end! :) That's a promise that WON'T be broken♥ Love u xo
Just watched Brian Elliott shutout the Coyotes in Phoenix. Kid brought back memories of Milwaukee with some of those saves.
omg watching random stuff on youtube
Cheer Athletics Cheetahs Worlds Mix on Replay All Day!
lmao these police mad as shit!
Preferrably a black lab or a german shepard
damn. “: A quiet mind is more powerful than a positive mind”
Every discussion and visit with similar museums provides new ideas and hope for the Space Museum project in Charlotte. It all starts now.
Spent the morning in NatGeo's treasure room - the vintage photo archives. Autochrome, Kodachrome, and prints from every place and time.
Pajamas! Are we actually wearing PJs?
Maybe we can have a conversation/interview about it and we can put it on Metro's website?
we can go to portugal together since you wanna go to europe :)) hahaha my dad is from there the beaches are so nice !
don't worry Z we'll get you to 700k in a few hours
Then one of you guys needs to make me stop with the Blue Jackets jokes and write for Dammit. Haha.
Ceo leadership conference great content
I just downloaded a song off ITunes from the "Easy Rider" soundtrack. Yeah, the Dennis Hopper/Jack Nicholson flick. OLD SCHOOL!!!!
We see that opportunity is all around us, but it can't present itself unless it is recognized and acted upon.
I hate 635
i just made some killer pasta. needs some spiciness though
he might, he's a repeat offender
GM psalmist
Details on the grand opening of the Visitor Center, please!
Thanks for the mention! Happy weekend. :)
If an iPhone screen cracks (badly), will Apple replace it? (Purchased about 10 months ago.) , did you ever get yours fixed?
lol we are. At least I am
choosing a cher sidebar is all too hard...they're all so perf
chi may, gbv and criminal minds. another brilliant combo by yours truly.
Have any theories on opening day tight strike zones? “: theories about low-scoring openers on hold now.”
Hey Walter! TY for follow. Glad we connected.. fascinating work that you NLP peeps do. Stay in touch!
not as proud I bet as when you read what award he won :)
euro bonds will outperform equities and will be deemed safer imo
#nyu shit: seeing a bro carrying a bonsai tree down university place
Yay! Running buddy! We need matching outfits! RT : Somehow just got talked into running the WR half marathon again this year.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TWEETHEARTS
#everymanshouldknow how to treat there wife with complete RESPECT
Worked out 2 hrs this morn, after having only coffee. 1 1/2 hrs ago I ate a HUGE leftover burger. Now I feel like I haven't eaten a thing!
Never been spoiled I was taught to get what u want cuz kno gonna give it to u like u cud do it on ur own
i'll never forgive the early 2000's for causing me to get Nine Days stuck in my head just now
Aw I Love You too! :)
;) so what's rhe time over there?
Followed him can you plz now follow me plz plz :)
I'll just have to play this until my fingers bleed...maybe that will help me memorize it
#kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Thu, Apr 5 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
Anyone know of an app that will combine twitter and instagram into one feed?
just reppin the Logo right now my G. DM me your email homie
I saw you c:
find me a man and I'll go on couple dates with you lol ;) I know that's hard, though.
Just want some new shoes!!
Tune in & make eastnashvilleradio your favorite! Great music all the time! eastnashvilleradio.com
man I can't wait until school is over
Wish homophobic neighbor had lived to hear POTUS' announcement. Mainly so he could drop dead all over again.
I jut paid four dollars to get into a middle school track meet. OMG these cheap people lol
some guys aren't like that though.. Some have class and respect..
Updated my portfolio and resume with graduation a month away. Couldn't have done any of this without ,
Bled for the blood drive...
Get queso on your fancy dress at last night's Oscar party? Bring er in! We promise you'll be impressed, a different kind of cleaning!
Do you think companies measure SM impact by counting the number of FB "likes" they have or follows on Twitter?
Sometimes you just need a Saturday night in, with pajamas and Shark Night.
Leftovers? Slice up some turkey w/ mixed greens, dried cranberries & balsamic vinaigrette for a guilt free meal--freeze the rest for later.
yea i hear u lol.. wyd
Yea it sucks! I didn't think it was that bad since he walked out with help. If u see the replay u can tell somethin was wrong
There was a misprint in the Houston Chronicle about The Market at CITYCENTRE happening today, it actually takes place on Sunday! (tomorrow)
Like a circular saw or a jig saw? The answer is yes on both counts
don't miss in San Francisco. Low key, craft cocktails, great food in North Beach area.
California lawmaker pushes bill to get sex offenders off social media Web sites - 89.3 KPCC
Coraline is the freakiest film I have ever watched
YES!! That man NEVER ceases to impress hehe
Had dream that R Perry gifted crowd w/ electric chairs.YOU get an electric chair,YOU get an electric chair.
If you want to laugh out loud, follow Laughing is good for you!
Likewise & thnx! Excited for your new startup! Feel free to add my email to your list & keep me posted of your progress.
add me on GifBoom! username is msnancyy 😉
ah the annoying person is classic.
Beautiful throw . Go #Packers !
I hate Rush Limbaugh but I hate corporate censorship even more.
I'm HoME!!!!! Super excited to see everyone ... Joy overflowing Woo
Shootin somebody don't make you real
I can't breathe, useless inhaler!
Spreading consensus Gr8 mention. Thnx 4 all that u do 4 the public good
I can't stop cracking myself up:D
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall. ~ Larry Wilde
Yes the Indiana Pacers steal 1 in Miami. Thats whats Im talking about NAPTOWN
OMG! Totally loved Sixteen Candles and 's song! He's still my fave!
In our seats and ready to go! ACM Fan Jam....going to be a wild night!
Yes we will, would love to see you! RT : will you be open for lunch Sat because of garden walk?
Ditto and thanks! They are two of my favorite things!
Damn feel like I haven't looked at twitter in evers.
It's hot af and I'm ready to go! My mom made her a new friend and she about to get left!
hahahah.. What a #fruitcake -like we don't know he reads EVERY Tweet
More than hating to wear wrinkled clothes, I hate having to iron them. :-)
Using our new Nokia Windows Phone very cool!
webinar today on maximizing time at this year's conference in April! Looking forward to bringing the sports home!
when are they showing this episode?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
That reminds me... I have some precious cargo for that I need to transport to
- shopping , & movies later (:
They just showed a commercial for a show called Meat Men #SuperPause smdh
I need you in it to make it a lil better..lol When we can we chop it up a bit.?
RT : "And we populate this stereoscope scene with a tribe of monkeys..." I LOVE MY JOB
Not worried yet bats look good. Phil H needs to step up big Sunday. GO YANKS !!
Hey Boulder peeps… any suggestions for hikes/walks today that don't need snow shoes or won't be a mud bath?
Damn work tomorrow
I sincerely don't understand how people can go to the same theme parks over and over and over.
Thanks for the mention, Follow our feed or Like us on FB for screening and release updates!
I think there are a few ppl on here that would trade places with your dog, even with the bow :) lol
After each audition, grade yourself honestly and keep a journal.
I'm blocking out Friday night, thanks.
He did dat
check yr inbox
We use photo images only. :)
Just had an amazing Sound Design meeting with Ben Wong and Laura Rachfalski!!
Can't even lie Tnt and espn would have boosting rates if its Battle of LA!!!
Sounds divine! Thanks
I think my view on the politics of bin Laden is it won't do much for O bc people just think, "Well, how long ago should that have happened?"
that's good country don there!
What's the most spontaneous thing you've every done?
Tomorrow always brings us things we never thought of. Yet yesterday gives us memories & lessons we will learn from several yesterdays away.
Staal again?? This is not hockey. This is a children's magic show. #HatTrick. 9-3.
Based off of that. I have to know. RT : lol at where that was tweeted from
yeah, i switch to FF, too, but there some annoying things like our clunky content manager that don't work on Firefox. Solidarity!
we are long overdue for a 4 at the Four's so let's figure out a time in March to catch up. Enjoy your weekend.
absolutely!!! thought I must have been already :)) if you have a youtube channel let me know
Woah! My toes are purple & blue #sick!(x
Oh, I thought someone in Atlanta was actually barbecuing a shelf.
So I can actually stay connected with You, Professor!!!! If nt FB, then Twitter it is! LOL! How have You been? GOD BLESS. :)
I think I am on Modern Family tomorrow night 3/18/12 with the hilarious
JSB: Are we preparing our students (and ourselves) with interdisciplinary knowledge & skills to solve grand challenges?
Ah!!!!! Beast mode!!! RT : Your Green Bay #Packers are 2011 NFC North Division Champions!
Three homer game for Josh Hamilton.
Nice day out in the convert.
Supplying books through a school library can offset the effects of poverty on reading comprehension - Krashen
It's an oddly conservative stripe in this otherwise seemingly Dem city, this bent toward privatization.
Do the Avengers have a battle cry?
It's a #SteezMovement , real style never imitate. Do your own damn thing
Have you hugged your axe today?
! Happy Independence Day ! To all man and women in the Military, Serving our country right and the ones back in the states!!!
: PD2.0 should not be quest 4 giant button for #SecState 2 push 2 make everyone think the same thing - not an
its all good lol.
thank you :)
Maybe watching on RT:Morning shout out to the tigers just woke up since they don't have practice 2day
bear fights.
And it was a pleasure for us. ^ej
Will you be live tweeting tonight?
isn't that Sam waterson's office? Who seems like white Isaac in a bowtie? Also control room looks exactly the same. SN 2.0!
Looking for REAL SIMPLE mag Subscription deals. Anyone?
Omg stop it Cat!Lol another nickname!Im not.I do model but lol!:] U are prob flawless and gorgeous!
Hi how you doin :)
sometimes i look through my own tweets and wonder how i actually have followers.
You know what they say about giving up...
A couple loaded but the majority didn't. None on the student page loaded either. Tried in Firefox and Chrome but no luck yet
#drinkingaboutmuseums call out
I might tripp, i might stumble, but never again will i fall for ur type..PRODIGY
I am here in Philly so it's all good. :) we will make it happen.
I had to unfollow because your website is a mess and will not display properly on my ipad
you don't know how bad I need this adventure tonite! future anxieties-say good bye.
Im still gay tho... on the coo..
There is a Ricky Young there in Nashville who has bogarted my name on Twitter.
all thanks to our den mother for starting it!!
Be in prayer for me tonight as i bring the word tonight!:) HE>i John 3:30
Any day when I fall asleep with wet hair and wake up *not looking like a Fraggle is an auspicious one.
How / where do I get a copy of Mama Lily and The Dead?
2 1/2 years.. I`m moving before then. I cant deal with all their stuff anymore I juss wanna scream.
First run in months and I did about 2.5 miles.. I think I can be proud of that!
Disabled vehicle in center lane, I83 NB before exit 44.
I just! Can't! Wait!!
Where is the best Super Bowl party going to be
Our faith in the present dies out long before our faith in the future
#NW- True Life... I'm addicted to porn
Your story is the greatest assest you have.- Kionne L. McGhee
Listening to Charles Stanley , great message as always!
Duly noted! I faithfully add these requests to the wish list. About Joyce- Molly Bloom said it best: yes.
“: a whole year lol” a fast 🏃 year lol
I believe this very well may be the biggest UK game in my lifetime.
yea I'm there 2morrow bro
cring for i swear because won
I seriously can't wait! Countdown!!
Hello all...soon to come staging and organizing tips!!!
Rakim aka blueprint of your favorite rapper
us too! Traffic is bad again around Nashville. Spring breakers adding to the traffic problems.
Well now that ive scared the shit out of myself, i probably wont be going to sleep anytime soon.
want to go in halvsies with me?
How disappointing... I thought you were better than that. I guess not.
Oh no you didn't....
Guy at the light rail is wearing an Os shirt and a Nationals hat
trying to organize an outing for around 11 people on my management team at the June 29th night game can you hook us up?
thanks for following !
is it really a WebCam??!
Awesome Aaron! Great to hear!
thanks for meeting with me and the crew, we can't wait to promote Ghoulwill Ball together this year!
#AGirlsBestFriend RT Diamond Fact: 250 tons of earth must be mined to produce a single one-carat diamond. |
Thank you for following me Dnyce MDN as soon mi can I will Follow you and ur Followers too I'm on a limit right now. Thanks! P.B.
"They just won't go away"
Just a few days away from our show 4 at the Hermit Club in downtown! Sunday 730p. Tkts $7 ahead or $10/door. Join us!
Agreed, maybe barea should start in place of Marion too lol
Playing Quelf with the family!!! Lmaooo best game ever!!!! Ughh I love my family <3
Don't allow yourself to believe something until it's been proven to the point where doubt has no place in your heart or mind.
Goodbye my Love! Heidi Watney leaves NESN to be Lakers sideline reporter. Damn you Kobe!
Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots for the tie
awh by Edwards apartment :-c
RT Happy National High Five Day!
I'm tired and lonely. Can you say early bed time?
A publicly owned facility (the Metrodome) is no longer viable for its intended purpose. It needs to be replaced.
hahahahahahah....only you would like this Margaret....
Wow I Feel Like A Freaking Old Person With My Cousin !! *No Offense To Old People :)
Damn broo dale! U gonna be back for opening day?
Ah… Saturday. Come out to Brady Street tonight!
They're lucky to have you Kelly #SUinNYC RT : interning for CAAs office in NY-so excited!
Snakebites... It's not like it's an emergency. Insurance probably doesn't cover it =8-O
This carmel apple is so delicious.
Soft bigotry of low expectations?
Few available appointments left on Saturday! Enjoy Extended hours that day of 10am to 6pm! Call 327-2507 to reserve your appointment!
RT : The original energy drink was cracking an egg into a pint of Pabst #sweet!
has ordered flags 2B flown @ half-staff Wed, Feb. 8th, in memory of Seattle's U. S. Marine Corps Sgt. William C. Stacey
Tony is making baby Skylar noises this morning. Hehe.
Being wanted, is it selfish or desperate? Either way, I want u to want me! I need it!
Great win for RIT Hockey
Woah, woah - wait a tic. How did this essay get to 2,500 words without me noticing?
Don't pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a hard one <3
LOL FOR WHAT
One of the best for sure.
#thoughtsduringschool Hm that door is open... I wonder if I can leave without getting caught??
Because being funny is soo intimidating..
Someone coming to look at my piano today. I hope she buys it! Trying to downsize for this move!
Taqueria Mercado for lunch - soft corn tacos & a lime Jarritos. Yum!
Reward yourself with a night out—then let iDine do the same with AMEX Reward Cards!
Girls night with , , and ! Bring on the laughs....
oh, and we're closing on our house at 2PM this Friday. just another reason to break out the beer.
I Know This Is Embarrassing Buhh I dont Know Half of The People I Be Tweetingg .. Jus Being Honest !
I'm so thankful!
Great time over at listening to talk about #democracy #community #Baltimore &
cool, nice to meet you! Thank you for saying hello. What part of the world are you in?
I love my beats, they sound just as good as the day I got them.
are all republicans arrogant idiots?
of course you are!! Happy Friday!
take note puffy white clouds. that's how it's done.
I got a few things for christmas my parents where like how can we buy u stuff when all year long u buy everything lol love my parents, igot$
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
electricity for sure!
Have a good stack in satelite to wpt main... lets keep it together and win a seat plus some cash :-)
I'll post powerpoint slides when they are ready, usually about a day before or after class. Sorry, I don't post lect. notes
you're not hardcore until you play a show in a onesie
Jimmy got shot in the parking lot.
lol yea. It was in the open field near the big house RT : a coyote!!!! where is it?? lol thats scary!
joseph, i am interested in hearing your perspective. i have no issues using excel on my mac.
RT : Heading into the third overtime period, this is now the fourth-longest game in Capitals franchise history
Backpack to Briefcase Workshop today in Doermer 063! Resume Help, 2-3pm and How to Search, Apply and Interview for jobs/internships, 3-4pm.
- Welcome Eric! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I really need snowboarding advice from I want to try it out for the 1st time in 2 1/2 weeks and I need advice. PLEASE JAMES!:)
At Pilsen Community Market w turnip green galettes, herbs, lentil pies, buckwheat micros and sweets!
Are you kidding, actual educational books by Mark Twain and John Steinbeck are taken out of libraries. It's sad.
Oh hey guys... I'll be on iTunes pretty soon...
Lights Out Moore!!
@ studying for the damn physics
what happened??:o
Could use maybe a lamp? ;-)
I already have, we have Dancer which was inspired by that framework. :) #perl has been stealing alot lately.
... Cookies? Sure.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live At The Red Line Tap February 11th !!!
Thanks! Yeah, we aim to update the blog every day but we get busy with client projects. :)
Bout to grocery shop for meat lol...
Why Andy still pitching ?
We'd love to include a pic or two from the Houston BAT if there are any to share! Links?
Slow down there, pal.
I'm not sure if we have a mutual friend. But whether we do or not, we are friends now. Take care and tweet N E time.
that sounds about right!
Im drunk.....APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Follow & a couple BOSTON badasses taking shit over!!!
josh smith thats why you not a superstar you live by the jumper die by the jumper. we know u can take it to the hoop but u wont smh
Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Wow. Two of my students who have been MIA since the end of last semester are here today!:-)
Melo ugly now he use to be cute
Thx for following. Are you a #CivilWar #history 'buff' ?
I love how wears her YMCMB shirt on the show. #Basketballwives ❤🏀
#itstoodamncold for any of this shitt!! Fuuucckk!! School will be the death of me...
We're always glad to see fellow Chicago social media enthusiasts! Maybe we'll see you at a tweetup?
GO & GO DEREK JETER MY HOMETOWN HERO KALAMAZOO MICHIGAN'S PRIDE
thanks for the RT :)
Looking forward to seeing everyone at my fundraiser 10-27-11, 5-7 at the Harp. Come sign my petitions! Let's make it official!
Fat Jack's in Monona has quite the impressive collection of Wisconsin ephemera.
Looks like Kobe has his game face on already....must be an exciting game!
Happy Easter everybody!!! God bless you and remember that he's always by our side!! <33 love
did he cut his grass? Ben uses it to clear the sidewalk
Sucker Punch (2011) Visually stunning (not just the girls) but not a great movie. A mediocre story interlaced w/video games. 4/9
All the best Tony!
#TedCruz to #LPR2011 - Recipe to take back the country: stand for principle, defend liberty, value opportunity.
Last day of #SpringBreak, and I think it might be time to dig out my warm weather clothes: 85 in Alabama today.
I liked most of them and in the end I liked all of them. -daily rumpus
Thanks, Michael!
SO to my new hockey and one direction loving friend lol
Everyone go follow ! (: x
i would wait a bagillion,zillion years for u to finally notice me,but can TONIGHT be it?yeah i don't think so):
We've got #1 pitcher who cant pitch against rivals, #2 who can't pitch on road, and #4 who cant pitch. I'm officially worried
I thought I'd just let you know what kind of thankless writing business you signed up for ;- ). Jokes aside I'll be in touch! Thanks
very true. least he's fast
RT : Our last East Town Market is this Saturday. will be on hand with art for the kiddos....
Getting pretty warm outside! Are we breaking any records yet this spring?
Hey wait! I thought vampires didn't show up in mirrors! Bally's scene.
Right! To the 'About Page' we go. :) Thx - slipped our mind! If ever through London, let us know - we're here, and NYC.
Go Trojans! The boyz look gr8 in 2012! RT : We hear you! Aaron played here at
quit calling out guys who weigh 147 lbs when u walk around at 180!! Agree??
Session 5 at #AAS3rdCentury : The Digital Turn & the Physical Object. David Jaffee, Bard Graduate Ctr, teaching objects in age of new media
How's your kaizen? (which is Japanese for “continuous improvement”)
reminds me of 2005/early 2006
Men have the right to chose a partner that wants a planned baby, not force a woman to keep one that her body is not ready for
So true, I work on the Circle and don't expect my vehicle to make it another year of all the abuse.
Hello has asked me to "chase up your photographer who wanted me at his wedding?" Consider yourself chased!
I really should clean my room.
*knocks on wood*
now i am. follow back?
Finally got to our seats 2 rows from the top
omg what. Are you doing right now?
Happy Birthday to pro golfer !!
true your the best stylist Ty
I hope rapid progress in wireless technologies renders this conversation quaint by the end of the decade.
Get ready for 2 new design releases today...WWW.smirkclothing.com
-- the shimmering haze / above / the wet stone #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Creative friends: RT is looking for an illustrator. Do you know any awesome illustrators? Email kwalton @ imow dot org for info!
Holler at for the follow! Stoked for a good season!
I want to have a chocolate shake from haagan daz and just chill on my terrace
haha what's the youngest you would date? :p are you a pedophile?
I wish I had a better Christopher Walken impression.
#HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow ANYTHING! I don't lend my shit out!
Absolutely. The NFL needs a handout? RT It's time taxpayers stop funding stadiums for fabulously wealthy sports team owners.
JJ with a BOMB! Up 3-5 over the Yankees.
ive been weekend stoned
lol I told u to join me but u wouldn't lol
“: Bryce Alford commits to Lobos: La Cueva point guard Bryce Alford will announce his verbal commitment to play for..."
OK #Paranormalactivity3... WASN'T scary! The ending was kinda lame. I like the way the movie was shot.. looks realistic, somewhat convincing
Yay. Someone stole my credit number. Great.
Planning to be ? Join us Sunday, 9:00 AM for the BEA's Becoming a More Powerful Storyteller - proven techniques in use around the world
I wander what Atheist say when they hit their finger,
Geez, people lose all sense of humor when you put corn syrup in their Neti pot. Lighten up! It's April Fools! Your sinuses will be fine....
Hey Kim cool sunset! hey did ya hear crystal is comming to Lima ohio aug 3rd day before her b-day trying to get vi's 2gether u in?
Try me the next time you're lookin' for a +1...
"the secret casket of his genius contains a vapour rather than a jewel” EM Forster on Joseph Conrad
I was thinking the same thing. It just fist so many situations RT: : ok, "dumbassery" is my new go to word!
Cause they know Walker is going to win. They just don't want to admit it.
“[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.” ― Jim Henson
Cool. Curiosity here—rather than full-fledged interest—about the history of medicine, but definitely yes on the other counts.
Thank YOU for the RT! (and the serenade - lovely!)
Not much my man! Just a lot of traveling and meeting fans, best thing
I love here persistent and determination
thanks sister! I have faith you will be celebrating too!
My kid just said " sometimes I like to sit and see how long I can think of nothing.". Oooookayyyyy?
Hello Suzanne, thank you for your Tweet. I hope you are well and I like what you are doing with your career.
RT : : CastingCollective are looking for extras in Manchester for a TVDrama filming in earlyMar. Age 16+....
Late breakfast, but my morning started a long time ago...
How's come? Just curious. I'm on hiatus from homebrewing, myself.
What other merch would you guys like to see in the future?.... lets see how creative you guys can get :)
tonight at sick saturdays for the super fun party bass crazy music time. no dress code/cover/bs/haters/swag. 10pm
there are worse gigs at #DrupalCon. In related news, where are you drinking tonite. Would like to catch up!
What's "web 2.0" all about? Shouldn't we be up to at least web 6.0 by now
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
#FengShui Tip: Sound moves energy. So play music you love and see how it energizes you and your space throughout your day!
My pleasure. You're fucken awesome!
thanxs for following
got no time for peoples bullshit
2 things in my life i'm thankful for: my salvation n that i was not created as ugly as LeBron James
*hits your mentions* :) RT ": Someone hit my mentions"
Congrats to as my first Storify subscription and the reason I finally got an account there :P
Buffett's Fed tax bill last year was only 17% of his taxable inc - lower %age than paid by most Americans. Way to go GOP!
love you brobro.
FULL BODY BURDEN - memoir of growing up in the shadow of a nuclear contaminated site. Colleague of Skloot.
I wish #LMAFO was playing the #halftime show instead of
I walk around wearing #GodOverMoney shirts because that's honestly how I live. I trust In God & could Care less about a peice of green paper
Special Financing! Added Upgrades! Amazing Pricing! 5% Realtor Commissions! August is the BEST time to buy a NEW home!
I will be tweeting live from the Health Literacy Network meeting 5/20-23 and from the Global Public Health Challenge May 19-22.
So jealous RT : Going to hear the Queen Toni Morrison read at Barnes & Noble tonight.
Loollll RT : that awkward moment when you tell somebody to GO SIT IN THE CORNER while you're in a round room.
LOL "I ain't neva scared!" RT : and it looks jiggly too..man imma learn today, I'm not scared
“: Ammar Wawi of the FSA has just declared war. All regime army and security locations in Damascus are now targets of the FSA.”
#WeAre...lucky...#WeAre...not that good...
YAY! thanks boys and girl i got 100 followers :") for that i will follow all of you back and give you all a twitter huge ;')
I can think of some very successful people who'd disagree very strongly with that.
Listen close I got duct tape and rope.. I'll leave u missin like the fuckin obannons
I hope you are havin a good break :) see ya in a week
perhaps, I'm only a few episodes in.
it is a gud thing 2 receive wealth fro God n gud health 2 enjoy it. 2 enjoy ur work n accept your lot in life dis is indeed a gift fro God.
Obama is fixin to pay back his supports, with Market gains, buy low & sell high, Bin will print more $$$$$$
WHY OH WHY do the two #Princeton post offices always have such LONG & SLOW moving lines???!!! ugh!
We are responsible for what we do, no matter how we feel.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERW
Thanks for the follow, Benjamin. I write mysteries and have optioned a screenplay. Great to meet you.
did u get my evite to my cleaning party-just wondering cause it started 7mins ago and u r not here.
i wonder how country my family is going to act today.
I have been waking up in the morning crying
yep! I kno anyone that was there last yr or the yr before
One minute remaining in the 3rd & final period
Happy Birthday to reggae artist: Michael Rose
love you.
"I came, I saw and I came again."
I lost my debit card :/
We are preparing for our Greek Orthodox Easter celebration next Sunday... In Athens!! Fireworks all day? Serious?
should be a good game !!!
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Turn up the music 'cause I feel a little turned on
#Casting - Deb Aquila is casting the role of MAKSIM 14 Male Russian for "Missing." More castings like this updated every day in the app!
Good game last night, Colts! Back to work on this chilly Tuesday morning! Excavation then limestone and sand...then the #pavers!
but im okay now but wanted to try out . -.- mother fluffer
Yes, I agree! RT Don't miss "The Debt". Helen Mirren is the best actress in the world.
Totally walked ou of the girls locker room and u said hi I me today 😍
Gladiator style Warhammer 40k tournament March 25th! Check out the forums for details! Stop on by for some fun quick action!
They are going great! I can't wait to record the new material!!!!
awe... Thanks lonnie!!! Just seeing this tweet. Blackberry was sick this week
you are awesome ... Thanks for that u inspire me.Hope we both live our dreams .N screw those who push u away . Keep n touch
Which one of our singles do you guys like more: "American Dictation" or "Create, Sustain"?!
is that a mask on ur head??
turns out I'm not bad at speaking in public.
Reading again:( Hello 3rd period in 6min;-)
Brandon Jacobs reportedly going to request a trade from the Giants today. Could he be headed to Green Bay?
♥ For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ♥
sounds pretty cool !
wow this girl is hot
Good luck!
Well mom, congratulations on having a child as awesome as me. You're welcome.
could be better lol, I'm a pirates fan
I'm in the car.. On my way for someone's birthday party :)
loving Little Talks by that just playing on #thealbumisveryfun!
"Im known as a shooter i never miss my target"
Well goodnight twitter!!!!
yep..sticking to blogger...though may copy the posts to wordpress too...:)
“: Goodnight twitterville. It's been a long day and 4:30 comes way to quickly!” Night!
I thought The Ghost in Love was great, and I'm looking forward to reading more of his stuff. Excellent writing and ideas.
Interesting story. We were 29 with our twin boys, 35 with our daughter and 42 with our last son. They all 4 have autism.
Thank you Joelle!
Amazes me how people can find confidence and self esteem in words and phases...
Pampered with a makeover today....awesomeness :)
RT : A nail biter! I kept flipping between CBS GameTracker and Twitter feed. “: Rally Falls Short - #SFGiants ...
nah they did the other day in the 1-0 loss actually
hey his parents do follow me so
What an amazing first year Happy anniversary to us!
My throat's swollen and hurting... I think it's just allergies but it's miserable. I don't want to talk :/
It's Thrifty Tuesday! Save HALF off admission!
where? mlb.com/brewers???
should songwriters take vocal lessons?
Ready to go to the museum. Prolly won't even get there till 1:30 if we even go now
Return of the Mac
u are the first dj to actually spin my song for me because u rock wit it u have no idea how I appreciate that
I really wish I had a time machine so I could go back and change things so I wouldn't still be thinking about this shit six months later. :/
oh shoot... was art murmur tonight... lame I missed it!!! Did yous see them ?
grrr. stupid blogger! i switched to wordpress because of that (and more) - a pain to move, but way less problems.
I don't see any location info
Yep yep...spread the word to Cabrini!
I'm tired of staying up all night crying myself to sleep. I'm tired of waiting hours at a time for you to txt back. I'm done trying..
Me too! “: I wanna go fishing”
Now I'm with the babysitter picking up my brother
RT : Turn the lights down low, baby come closer. I want some of your love tonight.
I don't have your number homez.
And now for something completely different! Scholars' Thursdays at VIA. 2 for 1 taps & 1/2 price apps for students and profs after 9:00pm.
Good morning
Just downloaded a twitter client for my android, here's my first tweet...
nice. I missed checking in at ihop this morning in Austin TX
Im sick of chris cd keep gettin push back. Since it did can u plz change the til i die song with u and wiz on there only.
Seems a bit excessive if you ask me.
Higher then whitney on her way to heaven....to soon huh?,...well I smoke like 9/11
RT : "Spring training in Lakeland ticket sales 5x above normal after word Prince Fielder was coming to " - Dave Dombrowski
Add that to your giant list of things you couldn't do last year...
I made bacon as part of my lunch today and now everywhere I go all I can is bacon! I wonder if everyone else can smell it too?
Me too. He's underrated.
