don't you live in orchard park?
10 minutes organizing... must limit to 10!
School makes me hate everything
Hell Yeah!! HELL YEA! ...#IAintNoRookie in this sport
Happy Birthday Jenny! :)
Tip #177: Master the #fundamentals and you can easily make $100,000 per year in #poker. Learn when to #raise, #fold, #float, and
The #CherryBerryChiller at #McDonalds was so good. I bought 2
let's go to eastern wa. I will show you some crazy columns near ellensburg.
Changed my page, trying to run a network to get the word out on earning free cash! VISIT THE WEBSITES ON MY PAGE DESCRIPTION!
New years plans work better when you read the invitation right.
tweet tweet like a bird got me hanging out on every word...<3
YES! AND WE VOTED FOR YOU KEWL DUDES TOO!
Now that that is over time for my #WILDCATS GET BUCKETS!!! #BBN!!!
One thing I will never understand: see through purses. No one needs to see what you have in there.
I love you too ❤
This day in history...many years ago...a baby was born in a snow storm. Today it's 85 degrees. Warmest birthday ever!
Fenty took office in 2007; last new thing for Ward 8 was in 2001. 3.5 yrs later, new schools, stores, and libraries built + MORE TO COME!.
To quote my favorite VH1 show (curse you VH1 for canceling it), #Instagram is having the best week ever.
Haha its my #1! Not cause its some great cinema, but cause it makes me happy everytime RT : backwards man
Trying 2 finish washing clothes, changed the sheets, got my shower, cleaned my room, filled the fridge w/ drinks.....
yea the maple kind?
I'm good with myself. Crazy as hell and I love it. It's a lot of you people that I can't stand. :D
Hey My boy may be cooking and doing dishes but we're already chanting
HUGE ovation for monta!!!!
I hope has a wonderful birthday!!
lol I wasn't even looking at the lyrics! Now I must know!
ight ight just asking, how bout our knicks today :D
thank you, Lee, guess it wasnt meant to be.
Seami Motokiyo~ Life is a lying dream he only wake Who casts the World aside.
iTunes has some super great guilty pleasure pop albums for $7.99 right now...
sure am
you'll be appalled!!!!
S2: Responding only to the competition is reactive - not innovative, productive, disruptive or proactive.
go to wriggly about 10 times a year. Good fun to be had there.
I'm so glad it's working out! That frame is awesome.
#dreamhosttouchyou in Seattle is a classy affair. Brett is even wearing a blazer.
I'm an watchin and clippers doing great!
Mahomies Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
harrison is a nightmare
nice call with kh10h 4 1900 at 3-6... no wonder u suck so bad
Took a brief #readathon break to open my birthday presents. Four books, a cd and a new camera!
thanks for RT :)
considers pushing through a mustache tax, in the hopes of quickly boosting the city's budget for next year.
“: A friend was on a plane to DC today. Guess who else was on jet? Sen. Lugar.”--he knows he lost right?
welcome doll!
Good Job this afternoon
Go follow ----> , it's a free follower.
Shop goodwill on tuesday rosecrans store and trade. Your receipt for 91x boos cruise tickets from 3-4 in park lot behind store!
Thkful 2day for the ultimate sacrifice that was made 4 me (& you) an imperfect sinner, a misfit saved by grace! All else pails n comparison!
I'm in Richmond. Lol aaawwww man we gon have to fight. I'm a Raider. Lol I'm just messing with you. Visit me lol jk ;p
Pumpkin pie bagel time! So yummy!
Thanks for letting us know. Our provider had periodic brief outages yesterday, but everything should be up and running now.
Luxury Modern Metal Kitchen Cabinets, Metal ... - House Decorations
Just got a spam scam email warning me I'm about be assassinated and offering to send me pictures of my would be assassins. Love it!
My Friday night consists of Ancient Aliens and a burrito.
did u ask ?
Too many gingers at the #oscars ...can't take them seriously
Please follow me :)
Suprisingly, Russell outfits 6 FBS football teams. GA Tech is their 'flagship program' though...agreed to a 10-year deal in 2008
#create top app to have fun on Apple Mac, and Macbook Pro.
RT : I don't think anyone would ever understand what I go through. Exactly why I keep it to myself..
Attention Attention Followers!!! It's C. Maines Birthday!!!! The Ca of the Hasin! Happy Birthday Darling!
#Somewhereinthehood Milk powder over whitey fo' more profits.
so you've been stepped on a lot?
um on yo trail follow back appreciate it!!!
We just launched our mobile site! View us from your smartphones www.bhreview.com (thanks Blogger!)
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elberd Hubbard
Work in a bit... Hoping it goes by quick, to bad we have school tomorrow
Y don't these haters realize they just make me work harder!
Don't care if it's already 4. I'm taking a nap.
We are leasing for next year! Call 612-703-RENT or email us at
what?! That shots crazy, Congrats
": Indiana toddler found in a field after violent tornadoes dies in hospital after being taken off life support. so sad.
Haha Insane is a good thing. You're entertaining nonetheless.
Werth creative team is in L.A. today for a client video shoot ... of course it's the one day of the year it might rain in southern CA!
Turf on AGT right now
but we couldnt:(
you know i have restless leg syndrome, gotta keep it moving!!!
she eats platanos, black beans with a side of red snapper
How to Grill Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
RT : Just submitted to the film festival! Love Pittsburgh! Great! We'll keep our eyes out for it!
we don't yet. However, we ship all over US. We should have it in stores this summer. Also have GF and salmon #scrapple versions!
how about "it will just be a text change" or "we don't need to test that in IE"?
Yes. They're in the dumpster now. I'm refusing to work too hard the rest of the day after doing it!
lol is gonna go in for me :))
preaching how metadata will help pubs do our jobs (to make good stuff public)
No. 4 top story on contains the phrase "fetus photos." So Bob Woodward has Mondays off, then?
get it in young homie!!!
Watching and all on there electronic devices.....pretty funny to see
truncated texts never went away
5:00 is such a bitch. Insomnia is such a bitch. I'm about to just eat a bottle of sleeping pills. Or just watch full house until I pass out.
Making some awesome upgrades to our website!
Watching the All-Star game. Go american league, the Red Sox will need home field, if they make it.
GREAT Michigan State Win #MSU abou to celebrate by taking my children to the park before dark. see ya later
hahahaha good times indeed :)
I love when I hug someone and they smell good.
NWFA wood floor expo 2012 Orlando, great show. So many great new contacts!
LONG HAIR, PASSIONATE ABOUT ALOE
School Crossing Graffiti Gets Attention
....that almost scared the tweet out of me, almost...;)
t hes not thinking about u your wasting time and your life worring about people thats not worring about u.
joining the animals tomorrow Scoop Jackson of ESPN to break down the NBA playoffs!!!
great jump, and it should be three out now!
we need to find a way to get to TWEET more! I need her help promoting.. TWEET TWEET TWEET! lol
sorry - we thought we were following... oops!
There must be a time warp in #Wauwatosa on the 4th that makes 6am 5am.
I heart live webcasts
At House of Shields with my dearest blinger friend
S/O to my new followers.
We are offering 10% off to anyone in the #Austin area who needs #tree work and mentions Twitter! www.justtrees.com/contact.php
Early Birds get worms #$
the video for 'blue jeans' was amazing! love what you did with it...call me for the next one ;) is it officially released?
yeah! Follow follow
yeah, i know they're playing DB i just didnt know where. Haha
Sorry everyone, the live chat won't begin until 6pm PST (9pm EST). :(
My latest follower. > Lmfao!
no I wouldn't I would say hell yeah :D
So nice to see "Family of Flagmakers" falling into place! We have our first floor plan! I'm excited for our opening in September 2012!
#20ThingsAboutMe I got a this lil crush on this beautiful girl from chicago on my bus
It's a shpadoinkle day! :D
Followers worth having will, at the very least, digress honorably with your candid takes. That's all one can ask. :)
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it is due.CF Matthew 6:27.
Just sold out of Orange Eats Creeps
Zayn. Let me love you.
85% of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women!
Along with blogging, article marketing is a way to use writing strategically placed throughout the Internet to enhance your business.
I love how the web will automatically take out any double spaces in content. Good time saver!
All the commercials about dolls and toys that have a speaker who uses a fake voice makes me want to shoot myself
Interfaith Amigos on stage, sharing common wisdom from their unique spiritual traditions at #TEDxDU. Things are getting good!
-- Stein forever. Oh, there's a new album coming out of 30 second songs! woot
very good ;)
hey! How the heck are you?
Gregory's Coffee @ 1411 Broadway is Amazeballs!
Thank you for following. I am trying to figure a way to get my name and face noticed to pursue my dream in acting. Best wishes.
how much are tickets? are there ever going to be any specials like last year where you discounted them for a day or so?
The show rediculousness is officially the best show ever!!:-)
Is it America?
Don't wanna wake up from this dream!!
hey chuy. you should ping me :)
so they don't have to shorten again and again to keep under 140 characters
almost! I just have to analyze a couple quotes but then i have a whole other paper to do
HApPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow and get him past 300 ! Working for Stephen and I love it! Do this for me, not him!
Now the most pressing work left for me this afternoon is to sit by the window and watch the tumbleweeds tumble.
The Flyers won the series....if you didn't know already.
See the Andrew Gutauskas Quintet TONIGHT @ 9:30pm at The Brooklyn Lyceum! 227 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 1 SET ONLY! DON'T MISS OUT!
When are you all moved in? Congrats! Sorry we didn't get to talk the other night. What are your plans the next few days? xo
Happy Holiday to all the college bball coaches and college bball players
Let's make it two nights in a row--Weeeeezer!
i hate when people r like brb and then never come bak like wtf really?!?!?!??!
That awkward moment when that email or picture you sent yourself from your phone isn't showing up in your inbox immediately...
Come to think of it, a plate of somesuch with some awesomesauce sounds better.
Film Emporium has great rates on all of your production insurance needs. Check us out online! www.filmemporium.com
imma go one day lol what time is ur shift?
Today's the day! Idea Lounge: Future of Museum Education, 5:15 pm, 204AB with + more!
<<< she's so adorable
My dreams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free
a ton of linked in phishing emails out lately.
And Lebron will likely pass Marino the ball in the front row rather than taking the last shot.
Every time a Big Ten player gets picked in NFL draft, I see highlights of IU getting mauled. Ouch to the Hoosiers!
I was an intoxicated young man yesterday. I will do it again.
i know like go die. we need to put all stupid people in a hole to rot.
You ever be so hungry that you just want to go IN on ur food?...but it be extra hot and burning ur mouth?! Lmbo having 1 of those moments
's up brotha? About to dab some bomb Sour OG Space Rox out of the new Bubbler. irie!!! What about you homie?
Boom. Going to Lakers game 7 with my dude Hope it goes down to the Wire
thanks for spreading the word!!! We appreciate it!
That girl from Pizar's Brave is as ginger as you get.
the Same girll amazing and of the chain :)
I remember when a Year in the Making premiered back in November on ITV2 and my whole TL was so emotional. I miss those days..
Hey we are loving the cool new logo!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldnt find anyone to copy it from.
Enjoy limousine free hour with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
yikes & ha ha! Definitely not a desire to learn more about Christ! (either in intervention or in the "original."
Listening to Diana and chair dancing at Panera while reading a huge stack of magazines. The good life!
Hoping the wild fires will not converge on Runaway Bay. It's burning in 8 counties all around us. YIPES!
Testing equipment at - #dckaraoke will never be the same. See you on Monday, April 30 at !
Happy Mothers Day!
Still, woohoo, I have a Nicki ticket.
Omg! Less than 30 days for quince..super excited for you!
Thinking of a Master Plan
Golden globes. Sunday. Twins birthday celebration. Good day.
TEENS!! TOMORROW TUESDAY NIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! BLACK TUESDAY! ONLY $5 BEFORE 7:30!
I like the blues to take it, but you can't sit here and tell me that it won't be a great series. At least going 6 games
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
by the time I get to the Chi, french toast would b cold. Dontcha think? As for the money well... I think you know!!
It's the Sabbath! What are u in need of prayer on? What can we join in agreement with you on?
And Glade goes on my most hated companies list. Christmas commercials before Halloween, really? Really?
she's in heat wheat
He had major knee surgery dude. We're talking big money at risk. Teams' GMs don't want that gamble.
I wish I had all these shoes! So lovely <3
I pads are so handy .... Gotta get one
Wife just pointed out that if i like it it's a "film" but if I don't its a "movie" and that that sounds "snooty"
ugh.. why do animals wait to lick their privates until you're looking at them? never fails.Really guys, I don't need to see you're flexible
Job interviews are always so nerve wrecking..smh
oh girl, make that two. :)
cute friendly clown for your next birthday party. :o)
Today is a day everyone needs to stand up to people who bully them. Stand up for who u are and be proud of it!!
Scotties Brewhouse has good food and a good, long beer list. Used to love the 1 at IU when I was there.
Happy Friday to you!
These Broads <<<<
I know that feeling! Enjoy that research high! :-) RT : Be still my heart... *downloads PDFs*
Santorum's not thinking through his life after his time is up which will be soon.
Tonight makes 3 consecutive nights but who's counting. This time is up to bat.
Omg I just had a dream about me being in labor and I swear that pain felt real, saw a baby boy and everything. Uhn uhn not yet!
EPA confirms "miniscule quantities of the radioactive isotope xenon-133" reached Washington State and Calif. likely from Japanese reactors
Another torn #ACL?! Baron Davis is down!
What are u gorgeous girls referring to? Btw, is the recent pic by Drew of TL? lol
I would but its not even close to being in the cast hands. :(
Why is it so easy to find stuff to buy? Thankfully I am going to be earning the money to buy stuff again. Tuition can go on the back burner!
that's fine you can call me a pervert...I love those books.Plus don't make me bring up ln
MAY SPECIAL!!! $100 OFF OUR "POPULAR" PACKAGE...MENTION THIS AD
Take care. Please don't call me!
would you consider selling your twitter account?
Thanks to all the wonderful folks at Nationwide Insurance in Baltimore. We had a great class this morning!
where at
I was just surprised with 1D VIP! See you there?! :')
Is Todd Helton a Hall of Famer?
idk yet i still have to find out if i got accepted to Navajo Prep if i dont then i might go to volcano or del norte?
You're welcome! Yes, this exhibit provides a fascinating window into 19th century health care - and discrimination - in VA
Enter the Dragon is the best martial arts film of all time. I dare you to disagree.
I see you finally got a dog, she's adorable. Bring her to Milwaukee!
5ft of snow in my driveway and my boss wants to open at noon...who the hell's gonna go shopping 2day...what a moron!
I'm late on this message...so...Good Afternoon!! :D
If home is where the heart is then we're all just fucked.
Should the govt just contract out services like the RMV? Private sector runs all forms of transactional operations cheaply. Controversial
i cant find the rest of your tweet. Is fbml gone for good?
fall sail?
Sometimes I just don't get it...
I wish I could start a vending machine arcade in my neighborhood.
The haggadah was mash-up of traditional & old union versions. I liked best a rdg of rabbi asked what is ultimate ...
- Thanks for the follow - we are big fans of Paso Robles and the wines!! - Cheers
Is "Can't Hardly Wait" a lesser Jennifer Love Hewitt movie?
It would be nice to know when we are starting thise nice initiative in Zambia
Hey all say hello to my friend she was my first co-star ever and she is awesome!! :)
Join us this Sunday, Sept. 25 during Austin Museum Day. Voces de Latinas photo exhibit and YLA 16 & Serie XVI Family Day!
i gotta do my butt busters everyday, or when i"m old my ass is going to be like flap jacks, i don't want that not no but hell no
Off to Phoenix to discuss cloud adoption methodologies and data security
On the bright side.. can't wait to c n old face thts been putting a smile on my face the past week :)
Yes, as long as they have an Estate open. Duerson, Whitley, etc. RT : Can estates of deceased NFL alumni sue?
>Quote: I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. George Burns
You learn so much from your grandparents, I want to go back in the day and chill with them!
and you are a douche
its good to know somebody cares.
i'm gone come back and visit
Hey MLB.tv quit sucking!!
at the crib whats up
RT : church. MT : Nobody builds businesses by making biz plans; they build businesses by trying to do biz -
Crowd of 164,858 for the Kentucky Derby. Is there a bigger sporting event than that? Amazing.
We don’t see things the way they are. We see them the way WE are - Talmud.
The black eyed peas running through my brain only it's more like "i got a feeling that 2011 is gonna be a good year" can you feel it?
I feel horrible today... Still sore from Wednesday's workout so I skipped the gym this morning to wash clothes.. NO BUENO!
A5) My beloved Knicks have a long way to repair their image, but this season's a start. Just lose the streamers.
omg yes ! Ahh I hope I'm one of the first 400 so I can get a meet & greet !! :D
There should be #ona10 side bets: When someone says something that gets a laugh, bet on over/under for # or times it's tweeted.
Went to an amazing seminar this weekend. When you work harder on yourself than you do on your job, you will become unusually successful!
This a fucking blow out..
I'm telling grandma you said that.
:You fancy huh lol!
send me a link homie! I wanna check it out!
getting up an hour early today just to make him breakfast... #veryworthit but
I leave at 9! Ill be there all weekend
Gotta love this time of year in college hoops when the Texas-Pan Americans, Gramblings, Maryland-Eastern Shores etc. get on the score crawl
i get in the car n the radio is playing <3
what up fam?
start of second week of life in Hotlanta!!! Things seem to be getting pretty busy this week. But thank god it will be a short week.
And said neighbor is still alive with all his body parts intact??
I don't have to watch football. All I have to do is read my Facebook or Twitter feed and I can talk shop with anyone!
Decisions, decisions why are you so difficult
RT : some serious research. What was the answer? (Remind me. What am I researching?)
RT @ That cake is awesome!
and it's gone on like this, for 3 years i guess / and we're drunk all the time and our lives are a mess. -
i hate you.
I work up there
I swear falling asleep to dylan holland is the best (:
Yesterdays Benefit show for West Haven was a great success! Thanks to all who came and supported and donated!
love Mystic and Mystic Sea Port! I lived in Trumbull, CT when I was young :) XO
I need some food in my life
follow back please ?
"The Omnivore's Dillema"
Dam!!! Bad break swish!!
Ok, , I really don't like that commercials play at a higher volume than my music. It scares me every time an ad comes on!
#FREESHIPPING on all living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms, ALL collections!
Trinity Extension - Still time to enroll in the Grief Counseling course on Oct. 21-22. The instructor is Dr. Miriam Parent from TEDS.
RT : Beam Divine Love to Japan & seeing the whole nation engulfed in healing light. It works.
true, all I really see around me is snow and a shovel that I'm successfully ignoring
"The Princess Bride" is the first to come to mind.
Looks delicious!
done both, still coach but this summer I may change things for next year
Philly fans take heart if any team can come back it's ur Flyers but they gotta win board battles
the greatest reward for being a geek of any type is that at some point your toys and tools are indistinguishable!
Breakfast looks good! You're getting me hungry, lol. BTW, you going to S. FL Food & Wine Fest next month? Might be volunteering
Lmao... #Bulls lost to the Wizards. Cant even beat a team with just 14wins.
Follow for coverage of the President's visit to Masterlock.
Ah! Happy birthday, AND ! May 1 = big day for radio peeps. Little did I know! Ben, come over and have cheesecake!
#SanDiego, #cannabis If you live in San Diego, join the campaign to stop the ban on medical cannabis!
Want to go to THE BIG IDEA?? "Tip-Off" is moments away so here's a special offer. Enter MARCHMADNESS as a promo code for 60% off tickets!
good to know! I am doing restorative hath a right now
I'm told Milwaukee King won the game when it was called with 1:07 left. It was a bench-clearing fight that involved spectators too.
SD for the fourth > whatever you're doing ;)
#20ThingsAboutMe I speak Spanish ~
omg. i forgot about him -__- shit. imma have my ipod in the entire time then . lol
Thank you. :) Happy weekend, everyone!
Gee, I'm seeing a lot of friends getting stuck in Spain without $. And none of them take me along! (Yes, I know it's e-mail hijacking.)
you can just stay in the national park! they have nice cabins and actually have some really good food options.
down! Les do it
your videos awsome just like you ;D
No!“: Does that make Sulaimon Brown a Fenty "running buddy"?”
Y members who refer a friend who joins the Y get a free month and your friend gets 1/2 off the joining fee! Valid until 4/15/12.
red carpet night laterr
so he doesn't go to jail for abusive tweets. Haha
Excited to have won free tickets to the NM Philharmonic's concert Jan. 28! Thank you, Philharmonic!
OK, maybe I am going blind or forgot to look last week. Also, I didn't do the reading, is TS Eliot's life still boring?
the finally got off of blogspot, huh?
Laugh and you'll burn up three and a half calories, no joke. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Time for some spring cleaning at the East Baltimore office! Ugh... beautiful day for it, though!
I want OT.
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella
Jason Clay of on why working with corporations is key to resource protection: Coke buys 5% of the world's sugar.
RT: : A fit life takes work! There are no shortcuts to mastery!
Happy Valentine's Day from Fairfax Electronics! Today, 5% off all garage door clickers. Call (323) 731-2561 and use promo code: 5731
ALRIGHT OFF TO BED LONG NIGHT AT CHILDREN'S AND ITS GONNA BE A LONG DAY AT CHILDREN'S TOMORROW HOPEFULLY MY BABIES PAIN GOES AWAY SOON
My pleasure.
hope it storms all night
can you believe it?
Go Dawgs!!!RT : And we have a tip. Let's go Dawgs!
Tonight's fortune cookie read: "Everybody has Ambitions." It's like they don't even try anymore.
Sitting in on the NGS meeting. Attendees count 2185 for conference.
Today I finally got a (trivial) patch into Leiningen. It's always a good day when you land some pull requests.
dude i just hopped on halo 3 today and im loving it, we should play some time
Yay! First question on Reddit! Might be the last, because I already have 3 upvotes but 2 downvotes. Oh well. It was a good question, though!
What a dumb ass pass by Conley...
I can't tell you if it's #true or not, but the whole office is in hysterics right now reading talk about
go for it!
RT : Seek out how you can serve your church. Don't seek out a church just to serve you. Be a contributor, not just a consumer.
oh and happy memorial day !
Good Night
My architecture teacher really needs to invest in a car...
While writing my diss I used huge sticky notes to make diagrams. Color coded and everything. Wish I'd had a whiteboard.
Hell yeah
Calm the hell down with the snow talk, people. It's December, it happens. Now go out there and get some TP!!
Oh God I really shouldn't be awake. Sleeping 11-3 isn't healthy.
miss you too! we need a skype date soon so we can catch up. when does your summer break start?
Bye bye playoffs
Glad to be home:) Just hurting:(
HANA is not an experiment, it has become a platform & is on the way to become the foundation 4 our #apps - Hasso Plattner
the censored pic son...NO WAY!!! LOL Following u is like that girl in the gym with her buttcheeks LITERALLY out. U can't look away.
Any "thing" not any "time" I sure wish I still drank!
Bahaha, its ok..I ripped your head off. And now you're pregnant!
Oh we went to Kramersbook place..It has a restaurant.We had a fantastic time..which one is this Thai restaurant? which street?
We must be in the same room right now. Let's chat at the end of the session!
Why not just SSL/TLS everything now? Why even have HTTP without an SSL layer?
No problem. I have had it happen to myself. Thanks for following back.
Thank you very much; you know it's funny I past the exam on Miranda's B-day wonder if she gave me some good luck in spirit LOL
Not in the mood for a full milkshake? Try our smaller size for just the right portion.
lol he is overrated!
Afternoon session just got started.
See adults wearing aero... Ugh so annoying! Like wearing a v-neck does not look good on u!
Never trust a girl who tells you that her parents will absolutely love you!
lol I forgot I asked y that be4
Fun night at the carriage house ahead if I don't get snowed in!
why weren't you at practice ??
Today it's supposed to get up to 70! So I busted out a skirt. It's bright blue and cheerful.
Off to bed. 8am class woot...
Just returned from two days of stimulating screenings and discussions at The Full Frame Documentary Festival.
Overachiever I see haha, well way to go!! I have gone shopping for bike parts and motorcycle parts
Why are there no stories on creativity from the guys from OK GO? Maybe there are...
Slept all afternoon that shower put me to sleep boring as hell wkend
Still have a few rooms at Casa and Ocean House Thanksgiving weekend. What are you waiting for? Come celebrate with us..............
Thank you for featuring my guest blog! Your site is awesome!
I was working my you-know-what off, more fun tomorrow.. RT : Just finished a fun rehearsal in NY with Myron Walden Momentum.
Debating if I should call. Maybe you just don't care, hm.
George DeLancey Senior Recital April 3 · 2:00pm - 5:00pm Hart Recital Hall Music Building West Circle Drive Michigan State University
#wheniwas14 ... Well I'm 14 right now. Guess I don't have a lot to write. (100th tweet!)
Too funny... I'm hoping you can make it even a little more formal... ;)
Marielena Hincapie: you can't tweak hate. HB 56 amendments don't solve the problem.
headed to RPM tonight for my girl birthday dinner!!
I don't know why twitter isn't taking care of it. We get the emails from people all the time but don't open them.
The bells of the church behind my apartment are tolling Dylan's "Blowing in the Wind." So cool.
Hey we are playing with Abel at The Hopewell Reformed Church on February 20th!
Sounds like a plan
I think so too
See you tom!
Can she do mine too? I promise I'll pre-soak.
I could strangle our shit team this year :(. Seriously? Bullpen!! Groan
#nw More To Live For - a documentary about 3 cancer patients looking for bone marrow donors.
Thank you, Splatter Container!
Cool. Just plain "sex" filming on my block.
wow. just wow.
I love chunky funky jewelry! This bracelet is great!
u bests relax, what u kno bout it
Great advice from a UW MLIS grad: start thinking about recommendations now. Take multiple classes with prof you like, do DFW, volunteer.
Great point, the FDA needs to consider how fast tech changes when deciding on the timing of low-risk approvals
People need to learn how to keep it 100 because honesty is the best answer.
A difference between LA and Nashville? Hailstorm!
By Mayretta I mean Marietta because that's how dem folks say it.
cant wait to hang out with tommorow :)
I hope you saw that Larry Sanders flex. Where did that come from?
How dare this pimple start coming up....
Thanks to all the new followers tonight! :)
I'm so glad that Austin is gonna hang out with Andrea Russett, I've always wanted them to be friends :')
Treat others better than you want to be treated.
This from Citi report out today: European default rates to reach 6% by end of the year. US defaults to remain at 2.5%.
Oh, the irony of Clippers fans chanting "Refs, you suck."
Haircut day, all good until she starts on my ear hair, so freaking sad getting old
"Get lost, gringo.": Marvel Studios to Edward Norton after completion of this movie.
Beautiful day, people out walking & running. What am I doing? Heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls. It's all about priorities. ;)
i just realized i forgot to @ you in a tweet from last night...but way to invite to your show, jerkface
yeah! I've noticed that!! They come back to you & they know you were right!
ANNOUNCEMENT: the Minerva lineup is out! New Found Glory, Corey Smith, All That Remains, 10 Years, underOATH, Ingram Hill...
going good! We have an event next week in west Hollywood and we would love for u to come!
I know,it is painful
You may not want to risk it, but if you delete the account you want to switch to, the name becomes available in a few days.
Friday night is feelin alright
hashtag gone wrong,check out #McDstories #brutal If so many people hate McDonalds,why are so many people in line all the time?
I think because we can no longer write properly. I can't. Lost the ability over the years because of computers.
I've started nosing co-workers. Not sure I could do it to strangers.
There are more pieces in place for RG3 to succeed than for Luck currently. However, I feel Luck will have a better career, overall.
Another two feet and Corey Hart would've tied this ballgame. Long flyout to dead center.
Skipping practice.
If it wasnt for the #USA The British wouldnt be #ProudToBeBritish. They would be
Tis better to spill coke than snort it out your nose.
Thanks so much! You want a s/o as well or what?
Took my true essentials vitamins and feeling rejuvinated today. Get some at www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams
you on the north
Like He showed up for the three Hebrew children in the firey furnace, God will show up for you, in the midst of the toughest trial.
Who will be left after a strategy of appeasement? What will remain of our vibrant education system? Where will the creativity go?
as long as you know its all outta love, since we family and all we'll be good.
lol what kind of work do you want done yo?
I am officailli hook! On twitter while driving! L
*sigh. Considering that creativity & innovation are combinatorial, we (society) shd support talented generalists
Hate when you text someone about something important and they don't text back
My oh my, you're so good looking 💚
I log off for a couple of days for the launch of new services and you come back with a D4! Hah..awesome. lol
sometimes i Wonder will i ever at least find that guy thats more than a friend ; Nothing special an far from Perfect but a GoodTime
Congratulations on winning two Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
So tired 😞
me too. I predicted the pick up of Hughes in my article over on Friday and he had a rough one tonight.
If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower.
he's so nice! I hope you get to meet him soon! And thank you so much! Next time you come out for Jake, I can go! Haha
Question for Pete:Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
Big day at the house coming up!
": So thinks the original Jurassic Park was "really bad." Please explain to him how wrong he is!" Call Spaz!
i learned that a few black eyes later!
Almost time for that lovely LA traffic! ;)
Somebody needs to hit the Reset button!!!
first show went down i love everyone who came out! we will be better on september 29th so come out!
What a punk bitch
TWITTER RULE: You don’t NEED to follow every profile you come across – you only need to follow the people who you find interesting and...
happens to me every night. Right now it is that and no sleep.
I refuse to tell people how I really feel. Not even my "bestfriends" will know if I'm mad or sad as long as i'm not with them. trust..psh.
#NP Indecent Noise feat. Ridgewalkers - Full Moon Fever (Power Dub)
Recording session in JAH house today!
I just logged in without a problem...but it says I'm the only person on.
When #generous you are united with #Divine Love, while in stinginess only self-limiting ego. Be #mindful of # generosity to live happily.
“: Im trying to change all my negatives into positives and become a productive person”
: Dusk caddis blizzard at Balls Eddy and fish on subvaria spinners. W00t.
For the first time since 1949 the US is EXPORTING more oil than it is IMPORTING. That is really, really inconvenient if you're a Republican.
Todays def a #WhitneyHouston music kinda day! "How Will I Know...."
text me . i need someone to talk to, and so do you apparentally. <3
#RT CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!! COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
You never know the power of your words. Speak to others the way you want to be spoken to.
Interested in #reading a great #novel? Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today on
Nah I use it as a cover up lol
Hi mami long time what up.
haha lol. My eyes are watering!!! :') no don't cry! The fairy wouldn't want us to!! (you know the fairy)
yo! I asked myself the same thing but not with oomf.. Apparently it is a yes though haha
That's what that smell is.
So, I am curious: When is the Consumer Electronics Show going to matter again to consumers? So many features, so little substance.
Working on stories for National Night Out 2012. Would love to hear how you've used Nextdoor to make the neighborhood a safer place to live.
RT : “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
‘Mob Mentality’ Destroyed SOPA, Says Viacom CEO
Follow and I will follow....xoxo miss mimi pink!
Gotta love the freelance lifestyle. :)
Frederick Douglass says he knows nothing of the scheme to nominate him for President on a pensions-for-ex-slaves platform.
I have a dog named selena like the beautiful and talented
he was arguing with David Silverman, so yes.
how about both? for the first half of the party one, and then the other for the rest? :-)
I miss karaoke!
RT : my name is TOTALLY FREAKIN DIFFERENT FROM WHAT YOU TLKIN ABT YA WEIRDO
I Found The Greatest Love Of All Inside Of Me
Remind yourself that for everything in life there is a balance...the pain today will be the joy tomorrow
I am an edu app developer how do we TELL teachers about our apps and get specific feedback
": Good looks attract the eyes. Good personality attracts the heart."
Im good peoples I'm someone you should know if you ever meet me I promise ull see Gerelle Mckoy as a real ass chick all day! Try me!
SEO Company in India: Improve Your Website Traffic
heckuva play by
I know I complain about being alone at times but it would be good to at least have some love once in a while.
Sarah bit me so many times today xD my cheeks still Hurt x(.l.
Tickling your funny bone every Wednesday. Special blooper reel this week. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I found a new way to spell your name, it's E-V-I-L.
Tired of the same old cosmetics? Recently tried and live it! Obsessed with Barbie lipgloss!
Moments like those I wish my mother was still here!
Man good fights on tuf!
almost a health IT "Who's on First" joke.
Excited to see the amazing DJs that will at the DJ Down @ Sunset! At American Junkie this Saturday, 3/10 starts at 5:30!
Forgot all about this lab.
Creating a new specie.
"Feelin on yo' booty" by R Kelly
Rt George Zimmerman Made a Website Asking for donations to help his lawyer fees....BITCH WE WASNT WITH YOU SHOOTING LIL KIDS!»»
Golfing with >>>
Gaborik and that is it
"There used to be certain words you couldn’t say in front of a girl; now you can say them, but you can’t say “girl” – Tom Lehrer
it's an app on iPhones called socialcam
Great class tonight everyone!
I just have a lot of Aron feels, okay? ;~;
God is so great.
haha what is your profile pic?
Someone stole my makeup brush for my blush at work Monday
go to sleep....
Yesterday = canceled check; Tomorrow = promissory note; Today is the only "cash" you have... so spend it wisely!
It tastes of Freedom!!!
aw Ty! You're the sweetest! :):):) I miss you tons.
#Yankees vs #Royals today. Let's go
loved the movie!!
we got a new member to #teamwehatebrooke ?!
What you score on the ACT?
I just picked our new headphones based solely on colors. They're Jamaica colors. Clearly I didn't notice the price.
Rampart was supposed to be in that stack of films too. Interested to see Woody go buck nanners.
And plenty more years to come as an alumni member!
well I am now! Nom!
thats what i said amanda!
thanks for helping us spread the word!
: Where are you headed next? Is Houston on the horizon?
Thank you Chris!! Please let me know how I can help!
we're here for you, girl!
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Farragut Square for a great pastry!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
I had a dream about going to Roosters last night. That's how much I want some 😣🍴
hey how was your week in Sweden? :) did u get good food? :P haha please follow me! <3 much loves
Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up
I swear I was! Then when I got to your profile, it says I wasn't. How else would I have been updated on your fascinating life?!
Thx for your affectionate question. I'm feeling invigorated. I love teaching, is, perhaps, the reason.
i love how we were bestfriends first. ♥
Start the New Year clutter and mess free, PODS is making January "get organized" month!
Build your personal brand. Do whatever it takes to make sure that people will think of and remember you in the way you want them to.
RT : Feeling the 'Magic" at Google today! #GCTREBOOT2012 Me too!
High of 48 on Friday. Yikes!
#WOTD: Your thoughts on iTunes session? Haven't seen much chatter about it.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference." Elie Wiesel
Odds of winning #Powerball: 1 in 195,249,054. Odds of dying from a #meteorite striking the earth: 1 in 700,000. Not very encouraging.
I wish they had twitter when I was young. I would have followed Danny Elfman.
“: Can NOT stand Conda on Biggest Loser!!”- I'm with you!
Not to spoil the ending for you, but everything is going to be okay.
Thanks for RT!
Minimize your visits to the grocery shop, cut down on your petrol bill.
most have medical ins. Players wanted money to do what they wanted. That is what legacy was. If you qualify you get it.
That one guy who bet on the first points being a safety is freaking out right now
Yeah, the Browns gave up a lot. Still, if they liked Trent Richardson & thought another team would get him they had to make the move.
STORY OF MY LIFE!!!!! RT : The things I say are really creepy but people take the as a joke. Thank god
From the unofficial biography, Daylight Savings Time.
Law of Success #4: Initiative and Leadership. They go together. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
omg me too:( its depressing me<\3
I must admit that C# helped me transition from primitive languages like C++ to modern languages like Python and Ruby.
can u follow shes a good friend and will follow back
OMG this weird 30 year old italian man friended me on fb.... SO CREEPY >_< Decline decline decline.
ahaha nah we're just friends Ben :)
and I am back at the reference desk after listening to the
so is Pat, I like Pat, I don't care what's its real name is, its Pat to me.
DW: "do we just get rid of privacy?" privacy is really "a reductive and narrow placeholder for bioethics."
RT : Today in Jewish History (1938)1st debarking passenger port of Tel Aviv: Palestine Symphony founder Bronislaw Huberman
catching up on tweep news. yay to on job, boo that & will miss #thatcamp the year i can go.
Spend time with people who excite you and who encourage you to grow in new directions.
The Weeknd is playing tonight at The Filmore. Had no idea. Lame.
theres no time to let the blood dry
The crossing guard came to help us cross the road and he was like "how lucky am I to help 3 pretty young ladies cross the road." wut
Wow, 2 HOFers. A real star-studded event!
May 22, 2012 is Graduation Bitch !
Woke up at 4:30 this morning to shoot a music video at London Bridge. Coffee...
you're right.The best one was the one of the floor...or maybe the one of the ceiling. RT and I took great pics!
: morning & Ty for
That was one of my favorite gags in "The Dictator." :)
Today my livejournal weblog turned ten years old. Thousands of reflections in that journal, but I'm not going to bake a cake.
A comment to think about: "Optometry has done a fine job of taking care of the eye, but we've managed to disconnect it from the brain."
Shorty got a friend and her friend got a friend too haa thats the kind of shyt i be into ft husband or wife-REMIX
I am a Philly area photographer and looking to build my portfolio. Would you or a friend be interested in free location session
I have still yet to feel an #earthquake. I'm always too far away, asleep, or just completely oblivious (or some combination thereof).
I'm awake at 4 a.m.! So quiet...such a good time to pray Samuel's prayer - "Speak Lord for your servant is listening" -
It's weird that the Hulk and Lucky the Leprechaun are both Irish.
1 year #anniversary of the #royalwedding. 2 year anniversary of Andrew & me <3
I like how after BOONE strikes out a guy he walks around like "Cant Touch This"...Ha Ha!
well yeah...cause your awesome!!!!
Greyson chance is 14?... I thought he was like 12 or 13.. how awkward. Lol
Instead, product, technology and journalism people work in two-week sprints to solve a problem. Tangential result is mutual respect.
I hope more good days than bad!!! How was DC Thurs night? Was a great night to be out.
Beautiful night for karaoke at Rustys old 50
Holy Crap haven't been on in FOREVER!:O What's upp young world? (:
haha smart independent stubborn!!!
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #AskMikey :))
aww your perfect. So perfect. ♥6
miss you, ass!
Prices for tickets: An $87 seat will be $133 for a wild card game, $148 for a Divisional Playoff and $207 for the NFC Championship. (2 of 2)
Or you forget pajamas. :/
I pray that the Almighty may listen to the prayers of the faithful in the land & direct their counsels for good
There is creative reading as well as creative writing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just watched nigahigas new music vid bromance!!!! I <3 it!!!
gahhh rehersal tomorrow..interview on monday,
Tamale lady, we miss you! It's killin' us! Where have you relocated to??
Awesome quote!
Mj vs Reggie was da best
Come to buckhorn Liqours we got everything you need
I really think Remy believes he's a pug!
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone @ #smbootcamp wants one now.
On #refchat, but it's currently dead.
#Iwish I could that I could meet
oh yeah. Your right
I'm writing something on article versions for law jrnls, so I'm looking forward to see the ATG issue.
don't mind me...just testing things out...
Nothing better then your own room and your own bed
We had our first rainstorm in at least 4months and it was a doozy. The streets are flooded!
Good morning!:)
RT : Willie Nelson is 78, so would somebody please warn him that weed's the gateway to heroin before it's too late.
The bulls look totally different without Rose
Buy my debut album The black swan to prepare your ears for The Black Swan 2: betting on the negative
Coach said I was strange wtf??
what's going in girl? Moving on from your school or teaching all together??
The main course: "Coding for Uncertainty" by #bmoreonrails This is a great talk!
Yeah, you thank that goalpost there, coyote. Get it back Preds.
I hate when my phone changes SO to DO #wutrudoing!!!!!
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
If they are on someone's shoulders, they are just asking for it!
I think someone stole my flip... Time to turn the tracking device on.. lolol
I saw you and was super impressed hahahaha
it was nice to meet you too, and yeah I keep telling him to get one but he doesn't want to lol, eventually we'll get to him
trudging thru work today - holding on to thougths of tonight
Go Navy. Show the Buckeyes what's up
When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck – Estee Lauder... thx...
I still fail to understand what it is about this woman....
Playing tonight with great drummer Peter Buck ("Buck's Vibe"), cd release show at Steamers in Fullerton. 8pm, streaming on their website!
#tu222 #astd2012 build your brand by building your personal connections
Cool! How much is it?
Am I surprised that is late. Not really. Can we say
Q5 like would a library keep them in an archival special collection b/c they were well designed at their time?
Dang matt flynn threw for over 400 yards 6 tds and 1 int Packers win 45-41 glad aaron rodgers got to rest ready to see him shine the playoff
You are not alone! I do not buy cereal for that reason. I would eat and eat and eat and get rickets or scurvy or something
Best USB HD 1080p webcam? Your thoughts are appreciated.
Please stop with the playlist info and commentary. Waste of precious morning time.
If A Bitch Dont Like Me Then Its Clear That She Wanna Be Me
Youth tonight. (:
RT : Save the Date: Hes My Favorite Mistake OFFICIAL book launch party June 7th in NYC with and <= Yayy!
still pissed the A's didn't sign him.
Love taking those extra creaky steps in Johnston's south stairwell. It makes you feel alive knowing the floor could collapse at any moment.
Glad we could share them in our corner of the Twitterverse.
Loving all the #whyilovemuseums tweets! I love museums for their ability to connect people to one another, to the past and to the future!
Who is excited to hear new songs?! We'll be putting out two new ones for our split with dead & gone!
Just caught a man taking a long, HARD look at the erotica section of Borders.
Well im leaveing CCIS, good by school :)
I'm delicate guys
I haven't talked to him all day ._.
yea! Y'all made it!!
Wen I got the text do I wanna go c DBCO I think I cried YES TF
The Flying V and Emilio Esteves
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. Henry Ford
BSoD from Spotify and Chrome? Were we rocking too hard?
We found love ina hopeless place..jk we haven't found love yet! </3
Take note political flaks - you can NOT stand in the way of PatriceWalsh13 & an interview she's been promised!
Getting close to 800 followers! Craziness...
get it from Lauren I don't want it on Twitter haha :)
I feel you
How to make perfect rhubarb fool
#TONIGHT Going out: "Bottles?" via
Being a slob has paid off finally. I had a second wardrobe in my car!
you think they'd find something else to call them ...
Good booty stank! ;D
We are so blessed to have your support! And we cannot wait to see you again!!
You got 3 options run ride or hide
You never fail to show #FF love. Thanks, Twarent. Hope the two of you have been well! Lunch overdue.
This rain fits my mood perfectly...
" Today I celebrate the person whom I admire the most in my life... My MOM. Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Moms out there!"
That's an awesome piture Jill! :-)
cool. I'll be there wit Lisa then
Specials sound great! See you later tonight!
Barbie Collector Dolls of The World China DollBarbie Doll Values - dolls of the world - china
now it hits Doral? It just stopped raining here lol
I'm probably dreaming, but I think the Newspaper Guild should offer to buy the PI.
you can have all my tagalongs :)
I hate when baseball is on tv and it's not the I still watch, because it's baseball, but I don't like it.
So who wanna take me to McDonalds, I'm buyin
Your turn is coming soon!
The following are excerpts from employee evaluation forms: This person is not really so much of a has-been, but more definitely a won't-be.
Today I learned that St. Patty's Day is also Evacuation Day in Mass. It's a fake-ass holiday to give everyone the day off. Thanks Angelica!
Sequoia is full of tears of joy! "I love everybody for working on our house," says her son, Jayden.
God just showed out!!!!
IM STILL UP I CANT SLEEP CAUSE IM THINKIN ABOUT ALOT OF SHIT
You're not cool
Guys, Skinny Fiber is for men too! Couples this is a great way to start your journey together to a healthier, slimmer lifestyle. Money...
haha I come with! It's definitely worth seeing more than once haha
My life has taken so many joyous turns...#God is so good! - thank you for choosing me! I love you!
Why am I not surprised at all?
Network Software Engineer Position @ Seattle Based A Studio. Ping me -
u lrdy practically r mrried. my mom wont even let me sleep why give u freedoms if they have limits ?
But I've never had no problems with alcohol, Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm about to fall...
Goodnight twitter, see ya tomorrow!
LOL, I was too busy fighting :) Serasi Jewelry is now available in Tayrona in Cambridge, MA.
Strippers paying for me to be their bodyguards
-- you'll have to read the summary on Television without Pity.
Heard your new single and I loved it!! Great job!! :-)
Me and my sheep will be reunited tomorrow!!
“: Hmm thinking about buying season tickets this year.” duh
well tell her never mind then
Take two of em no flic
"I've been in more laps than a napkin." - Mae West
How much tweets would a tweeter tweet if a tweeter could tweet tweets?
I'm gonna chunk some carrots at whoever threw you in!
What's the saying? "Starve a fever, give a cold a bourbon?" Cheers.
Discover the Most Profitable Home Based Business Opportunity Are you looking for the right home based business opportunity that can make
my room is so cold I don't wanna get up 😢
- O Well
Hope you two enjoy it.
Haven't decided if I like these alt jerseys the Brewers are wearing. Certainly different.
I'm not sure partially upside-down really counts.
Last night in Bible study, the question to answer was- if John the Baptist was a great messenger, what kind of messenger will I be?
:OO RT your pussy is way too dry to be riding my dick like this
Looks good!
What?! They sell CDs of the service? This is news to me. Interesting....
Today has been a bad day 😰
Several very enthusiastic citizens in Jackson County working hard to make all of southern Indiana once again productive. - JDG
; that shit just pissed me smooth the fuck off.
great job! Very proud of you.
We're all just playing here. Young and old. Everything is made up. Everything.
Cookie, you're so hilarious..DSC on san diego jack! love your show.
I also like the part where they brag about raising men's insurance premiums.
RT : Thanks to for signing on as a sponsor for
Oh boy Lars Anderson in left field tonight! Go Sox!
Can't sleep. Great. Prom is tmrw.
is the Bears GM circus almost over?
My math teacher sucks. He gives us homework on things he doesn't even teach us.
"Are Golfers Expletive Lovers? #Damn Straight!" Read this #Golf #Joke & others Now! @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
on fridays i always have extra energy.
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY #RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT
I'm hoping everyone did jorts day today..
Crocheting is more fun.
thank you Seth for reminding me this went to council today, hope it leads to much-needed #eGov progress for our city
Jamey Carroll just used the phrase "The bomb dot com". Haha, what a douche.
Nobody gonna want the grizz in the first round
Can't wait to be with #oomf this weekend 😍💘
YES!! I agree. I WANT TO BE A WIZARD. The CHOSEN ONE!
How do we create surprise & serendipity?
#lion Booda Big Batter Cat Toy 11" lion
Not everybody!! Can't stand them!! RT : Everybody wanna ride the laker train now... Smh go somewhere!
One stop shop for custom tees & CD duplication! 20 years at it & Core Media is an industry leader in music. Ask about our Bundled Specials!
I cried
Seriously McDonalds? Is it too much to ask for a spoon in my bag for the oatmeal? Really?
What does a burnt pizza, frozen beer & a pregnant girl have in common? In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
RT : Amid Trayvon Martin controversy, trial begins for 2 neighborhood watchman accused of beating a black teen...
7 years bad luck? :x jk!
Hope you all enjoy your night everyone..Stop by tomorrow & pick up our strain of the day; Purple Paradise!
"Although I have made mistakes, I am not doomed. My life itself is not a mistake, but part of God's eternal purposes"
fuck you . i hate you .
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
Someone is blasting the Mad Men theme song from their car.
lol that song will forever remind me of u know. ! Haha
:) that touched my heart
Thanks for the Christmas wishes! Happy New Year!
You know when you're so sick all you want is your mom? Well, all I want is my mom to make everything better
live by the three.....fire by the three....
What are you eating for #SundayDinner?
#FF to my favorite people
This first bye week was my Vietnam.
Dating themselves?
Unfortunately, w had to reschedule. We'll keep you posted!
It is our mortality that gives us our humanity- and defines who we are as a function of our time here together.
What's wrong? ;'c
How would your life change if you LIVED your BELIEF that God is HOLY & always in your presence? That unrepentant sin separates you from Him?
Sometimes all you need is a hug but most times you need a good drink! Just sayin.
My mother will happily talk knives tomorrow!
thank you for sharing
Editing videos
On the bus and this annoying child who should be in school and her rasta mudda is on the bus getting on my nerves to early in the AM
We would love to help parents save money on Dennis uniforms! We also give back 10% of all sales to the school. Let us know...
Did an interview with Bulgarian National Radio this morning. Now if only NPR would return my calls...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: My best legal advice is: enjoy this beautiful spring weekend with your family, whoever you consider family!
Trying to see where to put Ty Lawson? Has to be top 8 but this is tough. Where do you have him?
Kentucky bound! (:
LAWSON MUST SHOOT THERE
Thank you!! It means alot... She should be out of the coma soon.. Or we hope... Shes in critical care..
Follow follow follow!
(Learning Is Fun!)
The most #exciting #happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control.
#ThrowbackThursday in the bar with your favorite 80s and 90s jams by DJ PUMPIN PAUL and throwback beer pricing!
not sure what's going on but stay strong. You need an ear to bend and a virtual shoulder you know where to find me... 
looks like it's me and you Bry
darn. haha Well enjoy whatever you are doing. ;) Welcome to TX, it's cool today for us!
One win. Just one win. All I'm asking.
Friends, be sure to follow our PR volunteer for play-by-play info at our annual conference!
thanks for the follow vinny!
we are so excited to host your bloggers group!
Joe have a great new year!!!
why thank you! But I must admit my big dawg helped a lot!
“:Spoke w #sicklecell exprt abt important work she & her office do. Our people make CDC great!" #proudshe'sourboss!
did you defeat ????
quit bein a bitch! Tell him u got shoes down here. FREE SHOES
And gargamel is a goddamn embarrassment. He can't capture any smurfs, and the majority of smurfs are proven morons since they are in a cult
hands up and touch the skyy, lets do this one last time, <3
In Las Vegas. It's a crisp 104, which for me is better than the very humid upper 80s in A2. It's true--dry heat is better.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
How deep is my admiration for efforts at yesterday's DC #healthapps event? Think: Grand canyon.
Exciting how the 3rd and 4th places in premiership come down to the final game of the season
I had to walk all the way to the library. Then all the way back to my class to get money, then all the way back to the library. Smh.
My life
To all my teen followers: Im not PG 13... so please unfollow me or ignore my adult tweets. Im on here and not FB to be free from my own kids
I wanna be able to wake up with a passion & say I love what I do
Just because you finally said the truth Doesnt mean this is over!Just letting you know!(:
RT : Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is on the House floor with a big sign that say "Wreckonciliation"
Gorgeous day out:)
~what??? !!!! Im gonna have to google this lml!!!
babe my family ain't racist
the music on the radio right now because its 420 >>>
Best freaking performance of the night so far!!! by far!
RoFo has the best Motown mix going on right now.
Hey you still taking that Spanish class in june?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SARAH <3
Beyond gorgeous outside.
Keep calm and carry on. Be an assassin.
I ♥ Fantasy Basketball!
ADV ENG I: All the Romanticism tests are graded and posted. We will go over them in class on Tuesday.
My hair smells like syrup. I thought my pancakes were extra hairy this morning...
Salted Caramel Banana Bread Puddings - Huffington Post
I could NEVER be an elementary school teacher...
I always put myself into the worst situations.... But at least this time I got out before I got really hurt.
Twitter is the fastest way for smart people to prove they're not. /via
aww I hope so so what the MSG say for u to start crying
Still waiting for my flat iron to arrive... April 17 please come faster
#footballfuture there will always be a battle between the risk and reward in sports.... Only the best make it to the promise land.
About 50% of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
ive was shocked so i guess I've deserved it ^^
com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:
A patron gave me an incomplete citation from the early 20th century and I managed to track down full text.
back in the mix after a longish break
School makes me sleepy.
2 is my favorite number
Awesome photo, Awesome of you to follow.
a real pony wouldnt be living in the house with us! :)
A third thing we can learn from the book of Daniel. Do the right thing even when it is costly.
Apparently I have Internet connection at the park today. This is fun.
Such an amazing opening weekend for MML followed by a very creative library program yesterday
Good Morning Cher !!
If you could have one super power, what would it be? Teleporting
Wait. Am I Gen X, Gen Y, or Millenial? I have so much trouble remembering which one is which.
Woo! Cooke! Epic goal!! xD
"earth.... 23 inches in diameter ..... awesomee"
This is only our second time going? We only got a membership last saturday.
totally true. it's a little annoying, from my perspective. but i put a big smile on because that's the nature of the game.
Heating discussion regarding potential #smoking ban. Sen. Boots, "this is not a well written bill."
He is soo sweet! <21 "smile, it gets better..trust me :). I can't have a fan of mine be sad at all, doesn't feel right!" -
Superficial friendships.
Is there any way to get a Droid X (2.2) to tell you what app has turned on GPS? Mine suddenly doesn't want to turn off.
what time? I like pizza, but I feel like I'm cheating on Settebello
I hate when my mom sees me cry, then she asks me all these unneeded questions.
tell me lies, make em sound good
yeah, indeed -- great to see you two girlie-girls too! Happy holidays to you two, too -- all the best in 2012~
Indianapolis Public Library (formerly known as IMCPL), Wayne Branch. Got my MLS in May '10
Chi city till I die... Nigga you from Indiana lmfaoooo 😂😂
hahahhaha im having too much fun with this.
Staying in Chicago for a couple of my friends :p gotta say I miss Miami tho ;D
Why are there so many below the knees cargo shorts
Prayers for all who were killed in the tragic shooting in Tuscon tdy and that Rep. Giffords quickly recovers!
I hate the moment when I realize the bus would have been faster than the metro.
Appearance with my buddy former #wwe light heavyweight champ, #Gillberg!
tonights dinner. Squash blossoms stuff with black eyed bean puree and fried with cornmeal batter. Homemade fettucini and tomato sauce
To much sex for one day... Holy shit.
My position on gay marriage: If you don't like gay marriage, don't get one. That is all.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow White and seven Titties
Seriously. That sounds amazing. You should totally enter to win those tickets to the event. :)
well u ever notice me ;(
bout to send that new single to yo email
exactly how long does it take for them 2 not take ur sacrifices for granted though...can they start remembering oh say...NOW;)
Not surprised that they are creative and amazing. Mostly excited to communicate without a character limit! Great folks.
Apple decides today what to do with 98 billion dollar stack of cash. Couldn't they just give me 1 million of it? No one would even notice.
Yes KD! Yes!
Congrats Dustin Johnson.
Swinging at ball 2
q1: informal calendar in our office. each display location has two displays per month. we all keep full.
when I get stuck in my old memories, I wish them bk for just a minute so bad it hurts. Then I realize it's why I'm me today.#drinkin&thinkin
Completely baffled by shortsighted people. Ah well, yesterday was fun.
thanksgiving in Indiana with family and some good old much needed res for the weekend.
We asked about super powers on #Rocket21 & here's what we are hearing so far: ability to teleport, shrink & be invisible :)
RT : Think about how you can make a brand socially engaging and fun, even if not obvious at first glance
can't go wrong with German engineering.
that park needs a lot of help in general!
it was great to meet you last night; you're pretty funny. I really liked your "it starts at ingestion" joke :-)
no way. it's real, and it's glorious. we'll have to go sometime!
Oh make this headache go away!
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS GOOD KARMA IS GOOD KARMA, BAD KARMA IS BAD KARMA. CHOOSE WHICH ONE U WANT
Happy Easter everyone! See you guys in church! :)
haha thank you so much!
Good luck!
Yes know go follow
ikr? I'm just glad he's getting charged 4 it!
Well let her know...
Switching to. The iPad to live blog. The wifi at Temple is being slow on. My MacBook.
Take 5 slow breaths before eating and breathe while you eat. Amazing how it helps digestion and creates awareness
Starbucks needs to rearrange the parking lot
knew it :P but I didn't know forsure so I didn't say hey
wuts your keek name? I forget
gosh I want him! Not Tony ewwie
Thx for the love !
lolol no sorry I'm ranting about gossip girl!
Hi Amanda, weird. But have a great THATcamp! So sorry not to see you all.
Linkinparks new song!! Burn it down!! Its my new favorite!!! :D
Hieber's would love to hear about your experiences with us - please post here or email us at .
The nodes are switching out , indeed the fallin klout ,restiveness in the aisles ,fading smiles once beguiled ,they've been much fun to know
Depression.... sucks....
#nccetl pcti Finland Denmark Germany Sweden all implementing peer coaching
"Fuck you...beyond beyond beyond!" - Sayquan's immitation of a drunk girl in elevator. lol
Ohmigoshhh I know the artist of the reggae throwback at noon and I can't even get through the lines!!!! Damn it
Follow me back ppl ! Thanxx
I literally ache for Rick & Lori & what they are going through jeez I have to go to bed now & sleep it off
I had an AMAZING time singing at the prayer brunch this morning!!! What an inspiration to be among such fabulous women of God! Thanks...
named Virginia #EconomicDevelopment Partnership the winner of its Competitiveness Award. Congratulations!...
oh yeah. Duh.
How come cops never say, "Thank you for committing that crime and keeping us employed." So damn selfish.
I wish there really was a santa.
Actually staying w/ a friend. #seattleroots :) RT : #mlanet12 Which hotel are you staying at during the annual meeting?
BUY is the key word
thanks for the lovely bread-filled truck post Friday! Have you seen www.andreasbeau.com hair accessories? You'll love em...
Also collecting pennies for the Ronald Mcdonald House - part of Rady's children hospital.
Man do I love week-ends!
“: Sometimes a simple "hey" can mean everything.”
I have tried that before with good result...getting the cymbals and snare to sound right and not harsh is the key in any case
I was horrible last nite and apologize for my performance
good for you. it's like a mini-vakay
Loving you could take my life,but when I look into your eyes, I know you're worth the sacrifice!... Love you!
Counting down till do work!! >:)
Finally saw the finale of #thevoice. So many Congrats to !!!! Congrats also to and !!!
RT : RT Your most valuable asset can be your willingness to persist longer than anyone else. RT
Been pretty happy. Had an awesome Kahuna x Milsap heifer calf. Dealing with a new baby that doesn't want to suck right now.
whats twitter jail?
Motivate - Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
why you're welcome :)
What's the business? What's new? What's fun? Fill me in.
Gave up on my homework, guess its just gunna be a movie night with me, my bowl of Cheerios, and Netflix👍
Great talk today at Lean Startup! Would love to talk more about my startup using unbounce :-)
Also at #yrlrc Nitrate Negatives digitization
- IF they were about you. If not I'm sorry Shawn. I want to hope is a misunderstanding cuz I like both of you.
uh, I'd have to vacuum my living room first
(Re)engaging the New Topographics.
Don't you miss the morning show for that reason?? :)
RT So exercise TO YOUR LEGS for restless leg syndrome is the key. Trust me. >.>
hey what up dude I can hook it up
looks like a prob w the LaTeX template so we're going to end up taking Arial as well.. thx for trying!
Is is possible that they planted used diapers in the flowerbeds outside my office?
Bench press with 35's, curls and over head presses...200 made shots off the dribble, 5 made ft's after each set!!!
awesome. I'll DM you tomorrow and we can figure it out. I imagine we might end up in some of the same sessions...
great. just when u thought gallardo was ready to be the ace he should be this year, he turns into mush.
I still got it
LivelyKernel's lowest level + Garnet / Amulet-like constraint-based user interactions in ClojureScript + core.logic? Sped up by factor of N?
Are you protecting your eyes when you tan? Sunglobes are $4 or Peepers for $3...SMART TAN!
yeah I think lol I hope It's fun
Will it have childcare? And will there be chlorine in the fair-trade coffee?
Timeout Corban 22.4 to play. Shot clock is off. It all comes down to this.
Tip #217: Married couples: Do something fun like NAKED SATURDAYS! Never get tired of finding ways to spice up your marriage.
Happy Valentines Day!! Today, I am running around dropping fabrics off for slipcovers, bedding and roman shades.
Oh jetlag you have no charms
#GOLF #JOKE The pros drive the Ball out over the #Water. His ball always fell short in to the water...> Read-On @ www.IcuGOLFStories.com
lmao... Cumoam.. That was his 1st drink when he came home right?
appreciate your helpful comment. Was trying to fit tweet within character limit. Becoming a comedian is in your future.
I just followed because I'm hoping more of them end sooner.
Hey, who all is going to GenCon? Thinking about going again this year and trying to figure out plans.
nice job!!
Hey lady - thanks for the RT when will be seeing your face around these parts?
I bet I could drive people absolutely nuts if I never reacted to them. I bet I could never keep it up.
How smart can you be at 1? You're still an unbaked lump of dough at that point. What's his kid's view on Higgs-Boson particle?
I'm blind to you haters
Another Packers trade? Nice moves, guys.
Got this nine hour shift ahead of me. (sigh)
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....Christmas lights on 34th St, check it out
Watchin rick james Documentary i love documentaries of ppl that became successful from music
thanks for the follow-Friday shout out.
I cannot wait 2 get my own apt. I am proud to say I've been handling my business on t0p of my stuff
Masking youre tears in the form of a diamond
that is awesome! that would be so cool to have a whale for a friend! Orcas are my favorite <3
#westoppedtalkingbecause you started acting like a bitch
Damn club flashing the leather. Sorry To extras we go.
By Batman, I was obviously referring to Wade. Bruce Wayne > D-Wade
There's that prison one too. You can find your match, who is currently behind bars!
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save - South Bend Tribune
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 4
Legally bound by who? By the city? Is the library part of city government?
Thanks for the compliment. I'll definitely be endorsing you and a few others before I shut it down or turn it over. :-)
Ready to watch next great Cats on ESPN
13 days left -2 for DC -2 for AP tests -1 for Spanish field trip & I only have 8 days left!
It has been a fun morning despite the fact that I had to get up at 2:45am. :-) Life is good!
So you are a big Jesus lovin turd? In that case...me too! RT i love jesus
haha thought same thing
Believe in me
so do i
Yeah! Bob Cranshaw & Todd Weeks just on WBAI discussing the "Justice For Jazz Artists" initiative. Go, Mr. Cranshaw!!!!
Tenenbaums...your least favorite Anderson?
Should b expecting a call real soon
high people are so annoying though.
Always remember to lift your eyes towards heaven
hey mama I got it!
After a one and a half of living in my apartment complex I just realized we have a sauna.
I cannot stop listening to Concrete Angel by addicting!
I had to put the sea salted chocolate away.
doesn't surprise me! so sad!
Gettin drunk as hell tonight n goin to see project x ima be lmao
Smoking this LOUD!!!!! WATCHIN THIS GAME.... GO UCONN!!!!
Tonight at 9:30- buy a ticket and get a free drink. See two dudes kiss. See what we'll say about #WhitneyCNN. Meet Romney's hot sons!
I hate it when i get jealous, it's just not me. >.<
