LOL. I'm all for it! Gay couples should have the same problems, and headaches as str8 couples. LOL
Leaving Chester short of my goal of qualifying for WSOPC Championship. Driving home, reevaluating and making a trip to Nola
aite then its a bet
DREAMS ARE JUSS EMPTY THOUGHT UNTIL THEY ARE FULFILLED
I love how the Bruins won it all
I hate putting the effort into getting ready for school. Considering I'm just going to sleep in History and then in homeroom. I can't wait!
Save money on data costs by accessing the web using your Android or iPhone or Blackberry, check out our review
Good show tonight on #LastWord re #TheNewt. What a freaking villain. Good 4 u sir 4 calling this evil maniacal corp lapdog out.
They are giving me a 4S!! Can you say upgrade??
Mom:Where are you taking Jameo? Me:To school with me, its show&tell day! my mom just starts laughing lol why cant college be like preschool?
fuck is you hatin for like you done some'n for a nigga
You shower naked? What a bad ass...
Sorry to have fallen out of touch with everyone recently. Been a busy few days at work. Lots of Paterno coverage.
We love they have a music video out! It's so awesome!
Tomorrow's show is going to a good one! You definitely don't want to miss it w/ #PrettyProgressive on
just wish I could be in the bubbly celebrating with em
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh. Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
I am relaxing at a cuban restaurant in florida. Wish I was home instead.
I need to go back to New York for the summer
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - Buddha
We had a little proplem for released #GYHAB Music video! So..it's normally in 2nd April , i'm sorry fans <3
Jc can you please follow me
Congrats basketball on D-3 national championship!
Whew! We had such a great time yesterday with #WorldArthritisDay! Thank you, , thank you everyone that participated! We <3 u!
Was I one of them? MT : Just used to unfollow 337 who weren't following me back.
#TAS11 "language is important to millenials"
know how you feel.
This little white girl is terrified of every black person that walks past..and won't even sit nxt to me...Smh parenting today
Stupid fucking site bro
Ima keep my heart frozen till someone breaks the ice.
Random Thought: Never let your heart take you so far that common sense can't get you out...
Aol radio provides the dubstep I need to make it through the day!!!
I'm gunna write babe a cute letter ☺ later tho , in a few when hes fully asleep
Loving this bus ride!
Dont let burdens awake you.. Wake up renewed..
A tweet was immediately followed by a tweet about loving Huey Lewis on my timeline. Patrick Bateman approves.
Watching a movie
awww everything ok?? ill be around for coffee and chats whenever you like from next week =) <3
It sucks that you went today, only to leave heartbroken.
Watchin Saturday Night Fever! :)
well get and all of our twitterless friends to come to!
RT : Glamorous accessories and a vibrant colour scheme have transformed this bathroom. Take a look for yourself...
Are you going to be the main villan in the next Austin Powers movie since that how the 3 one ended .
Next Challange.. Speech towards 200 kids about success starting when you Dream.... Let's go!
Our new mural is coming along very nicely! Stop down & check it out!
lol not everything!! But I just got a little aggravated and I can't go to bed , I have to wait till my parents get home
Larger than Life
But it wasn't necessarily the "punk" part that he was linking to. It was the technology (cyber ~ steam). +
Bubba Watson wins the greatest golf tournament in the history of the world.
fyi... RT : The office formally known as the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs is now the Office of Academic Services
First day of work was good. Just gotta get use to starting over.
I have to be on set and ready to go at 830am so I should probably go to bed.
OMG i love 's shirt tonight!!
Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun. But I have never been able to make out the numbers.
I mean even if UK wins it all they'll just get it vacated, along with their season, when Calapari jolts to the Knicks...
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
Some hashtag about "why can't I be black" or whatnot. Appreciate yo'self!
My back and 's back has been hurting from carrying our team on Halo all day.
uprooting the lies = uprooting the people who make it oh so easy to believe them, whether they mean to or not.
The chocolate helps confirm the existence of 'The Illuminati'.
What's good Tweeps! 😉
I got hooked into Magic: The Gathering. Who else plays?
Trying to come up with a band name. I suck at this. Someone give me ideas.
Lady stop pinning and go to bed! You have a big day tomorrow! (I say this with love)
I've watched a lot of Titanic lately, haha
Grabbing something quick to eat than joining the annual Sunday migration to the outdoor bar
Any1 find a diet book in ur orange bag at the #aall11 West Party-bought it & bags got mixed up-next I need to find my pants from last night
and then again, from dawn 'til dusk.
Bout Time
Annex level...near Baba's.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. ~ Jerome K Jerome
Life without the is already getting me down
#ReasonsToLoveTexas = Janie's Record Shop in San Antonio. Great selection! If the recording still exists, she can help you find it.
Beautiful spring day. Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70. Chilly tonight though.
why a guy would want to smell Panties women set off a chemical reaction in us turns us into creeps
It could, but that would be silly. Their time has to be worth more than I paid for the room.
It is not possible to fight beyond your strength, even if you strive.
"let this (tactic) pose a challenge to our news media which is in crisis" #KONY2012 SOFAS panel
Will work on having the link removed today. Sorry.
Thanks for the RT! Are you into Emotobooks?
Your music has been on repeat for weeks! Cant get enough. Would love to see you back in Orlando!
not at all. it's technically thursday.. with no school tomorrow. DUH
Do you have your spot to bring in the #newyear ?
. Of course. I do not support the context that put them into the position of making that choice.
Andrew Bynum with a triple double, with 10 blocks. Absurd. If his attitude was better, he would be admirable.
Thx!! your book gave me a sense of hope...i know i keep repeating myself, but your book changed my outlook on MS research..
French onion dip is B.O.'s scapegoat.
best quote ever: "If your going to be riding my ass atleast pull my hair." hahahahahahaha! - from anonymous
Tyler Chuckles Ballinger, Comicon is going on before The Screaming O Club Show at THEE DOLLHOUSE!, can you run naked through there again???
/i am now unfollowing you skip
Well, here we are. We've connected online - how about in person? I live in Scotts Valley, and would enjoy linking up soon.
Not sure. No reason to believe there are more OR fewer than 4%. BUT 16.3% of Americans Latino/a vs. estimated 11.7% LGBT.
Jonathan, I'm a little worried about your ode to donkeys....
Exhausting day but lots of exciting #edu innovation happening plus got to hit up
Haha I'm cleaning out my balcony and there are ashes everywhere.
sounds like a plan! Can't wait to PUMP the brakes lol
Congratulations to and on their new life with a precious child!
Why are trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Not sure if I should be offended or complimented that someone thought a thank you card I sent them was handmade when it wasn't.
“: Who's team is it? Durant or Westbrook?” I mean c'mon son. Brooks is a fantastic player, but this is KD's team.
me, too, but better to know! Now it is a treat rather than a staple.
I would love WR, but then who is going to stop the Pats TE's? Run block? Pass Block? You trust Hairston?
Detained by border patrol... Smh
well keep laughing n smiling!!:)
I see, I doubt well get that chance though.
Worried about your upcoming job interview? Come practice with us March 15! Contact for more info.
I wanna slap the fuck out of this dumb white cunt.
Nose... its 2am... please stop running.
Think I have bin scarred for life
when you're in San Francisco, I'm going to take your picture.
Pft. Don't you know it's the inside that counts?!
most likely a TShirt Bordello TShirt!! :-)
LAX late night... Idk y but drives me crazy
I just really want to meet 1D this year. That's all I want...
Good luck JJ!
Brad Ross likes to "drop the gloves". But not with just anyone. More on at 11.
This can't be real
are you and Greg still friends?
thanks so so much!!!!!!<33333333333
we're a beer group for women. :)
RT : Pray to whatever faith you believe in for 's family right now. He's a strong man from a strong upbringing.
Thanks for the props!
Likewise! Have to do it again soon ;) RT : So much fun hanging out with and the gals!!!!!
Tonight's rainout means a guaranteed shot at seeing Derek get 3000 tomorrow. One way or another it's gonna be an exciting game.
: #WhileInARelationship with me if you cheat you die
Got to see Discovery and meet an astronaut!
“ #Libra loves a little romance. You can never go wrong with flowers.”
you should see some reactions when people's article ms. gets rejected...
"One is one's own protector; one is one's own refuge."
Oh No I Just washed My Sweater With Other Shirts && Its All Ruoned :'( I Love That Sweater && Its Only 1 Week New :'(
I'm reading Frank:The Voice by James Kaplan. Thoroughly engaging story and brilliant writing about Sinatra. Also get Gil Scott Heron's last.
looks awesome
Very nice gesture: Mayor Ballard and City of Indy planted a tree in Dan Rather's honor at Garfield Park.
Sounds like I have allergies, then, but I don't know what's causing it. Hm.
So itchy and sneezey.
Laying in the nurse listening to TSwift ✌🎶
Looking forward to the Gay & Lesbian Gallery Tour hosted by this Saturday. Who else is coming?
beat me to it but happy day of birth #SKYHAWKNATION is happy to have ya!
Best of luck and please do (win one).
3 outs to Brewer win....Lets go
Nigga must be stupid -.-
“: Speaking of bad ass country singers have ya picked up my boy 's new single "How Country Feels" yet?” right???
Hilarious. ;) RT : Just told that I'm seeing HORRIBLE BOSSES tonight. Awkward.
oops just noticed I messed up the phone#. If you don't know the are code 210 then youd be confused. TryOuts# 210-558-6558.
awww that's cute!!
Given any thought to having a booth @ or sponsoring the craft pavilion at ?! Our Ninja-in-Chief will be there-Do it!
What is the class?
+u+twitter+like+on+facebook+xD+<3
"I want to put a ding in the universe." -Steve Jobs
At the hearing last monday bout equity the topic started with equity then ended with dreams?
did you get a chance to check out the website? www.stardesignsa.com
The communion of saints is not just a network of connections between people. It is first & foremost the community of our hearts. ~Nouwen
If a Democrat says 2 + 2 = 4 and a Republican says 2 + 2 = 5, an unbiased media must report there's disagreement on the sum of 2 + 2.
Reminder, *free* coworking with cool kids (www.koffeetherapy.com) in Mount Vernon, tomorrow Friday, midday!
"I wanna follow N'Sync" -
#Packers will be visiting President Obama on August 12th. It's about time they get that honor. Better late than never.
Guessing based on that list It looks like is number 2 tonight singing Jasmine Sullivan. Lets see if I'm right.
To everyone saying I should be happy for Austin: I am. I just miss Summer. K. Bye.
Hi Emma. Yes, I can give you an idea or two. dm please. What district will you be staying in? What kind of food do you like?
Please stop hiring #CandyDulfer to play sax...so bad...
and she looked at me in all seriousness & said, 'It's make believe Justin." :) LOL
Go follow
So sleepy.
“: Who pissed in Eric Cantor's cornflakes? #SOTU” how tempting to respond....
Great goal by Sapong, Rookie of the Year
Our comments system been updated and enabled across all Current sites! Log in and join the conversation!
I hate Comcast aka Xfinity... They are the devil... Ugh
Ur sexy and I know it(;
Keep it simple. Basically waht you have but with the ability to click on a location and bring up an image of the mural.
I'm prepping local lamb for tomorrow mornings Fox 31 tv spot. Talking CO food and CO wine for #DLW! Check it out at 8:45am tomorrow
. Well done, citing empirical research to correct misconceptions. And there were many.
Today we will be @ Grossmont College from 10 to 2 for the college's 50th anniversary along with 9 other San Diego Food Trucks
is going to pamper and for the #TXScotRiteAccessLux event. Might have to crash that party!
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals. Brian Tracy
Metta World....leave out the Peace!! You're still the same DIRTY PLAYER!!!!
no, YOU mean the world to US <3
Come a little closer baby, I feel like laying you down. <3
we're all famous on Twitter :)
Legitimate fouls on Collison but huge foul out.
I absolutely love my boyfriend(:
LMAO Ja Rule fell off!RT : I found a mix from 7th grade the other day and it had some ja rule, Brian mcknight, and old camron...
maybe its because im home alone& bored.
please make your website Pinterest-friendly. I want to pin you to my board "They've Got Swagger".
We have jobs for you in the Pittsburgh area!! Call today 412-645-6021 or find us on the web at www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
just realized this weekend was the last competition before nationals :o
isn't that what weekend are for?
A student here passed away on a jet ski accident and he was so young :(
Rise and
oh hell yes :D
*amazing* I have the tiltshift app & luv it. but how did you get a water mark on the image?
“: ... change your password and get that hacker out of your account!” - tell me how I can get a free iPad first
thanks g! This is good times for sure
Welcome, Synergy 2012 attendees! We hope you enjoy your time in our beautiful city.
At this point in the evening, I'd like my TV to do my thinking for me.
So, apparently, you can prostitute on Craigslist under the "Personals" section. Why am I just learning this?
message on fb before my mom gets home
Can there be a problem with your script not seeing such META tags as description and keywords? And DOCTYPE?...
Contact #sandiego #sales team at laurastomber dot com
Given their record, safe to say Memphis coaches didn't know what the hell period.
i'm not, mainly because of the time issue. though i often feel i should join for the prices and philosophy of the whole thing
Thankful that challenged me to get off the couch and run @ the Y. Well @ first I wasn't thankful or kind & kinda grouchy ;)
Back in the #RocCity after a successful weekend in NOLA for the collegiate conference.
Thanks! I tried the mud bath for the first time -- loved it. :)
Dude VIM is the best code editor EVER, period, exclamation, period.
probably just a simple cartilage piercing and I'll get the tragus a little later.
Is a "new" piano always better than a "used" piano? Share us your thoughts.
nothing witty? Are u sick ? Have you eaten lately ?
your hashtag this week is
i can't wait until school is over with....
My husband over here so serious about these Bears! Go Fucking Bears!
On the music tip check out Smooth sounds of R&B
You are the ONLY people I'm inviting, actually.
www.facebook.com/SugarfamilyStandsUp4Sugarland Any and All fans check out this site.
Well I knew I couldn't beat Brady. But I gave it my all! We're still gonna finish 10-6. See ya in the playoffs Brady!
What's the opposite of a PR? Cause that's what I just did at today's 1/2. But all this birthday love is making me feel like a winner!
God Damn You're Beautiful - Chester See
Will this damn pizza hurry up for the fight!
LOL Good to know! I really like the name "Natalie" and I've wondered how you'd react to an MC with that name! *won't do it*
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights?? Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol. Goodnight folks!! ;)
Linda McMahon is the only one that has one -
50% off at Hotch-A-Do, get it while the gettin' is good! www.crowdclick.com
nothing much honor buns haha about to chill with someone ha & u
Happy 4th everyone! Been taking a break from the #casino to do work Heading to #NYC in two days. Can't wait!
Now following u after seeing this pic in news. Thank u! :) Praying u'll help restore what H-wood has stolen from women! 💛
Got to do better,life is too short...
Let's go Hawks!!
you know it
It is too damn early to be bumpin' shit at the pool. Man this music was nonstop all night.
Meeting fantastic educators like is just one of the many benefits of She's the fastest tweeter I ever met.
Happy Easter, everyone! Good time to remember the Savior and His sacrifice for each of us.
Well thank you! :) Everyone here is!
plzz follow me for my b day
go to settings and then account and then username :D *
It's Saturday morning...I pray everyone has a blessed day!
first of all answer the freaking phone!! Second, what did you change it to?!
That was pretty embarrassing. I yelled when I hit him. D:
And you wonder why i hate your ass, bitch. Fuck you.
My day just altered dramatically. Took an ambien thinking it was a claritin. G'nite.
lol. They Come Off That Way, but Taurus Look Past Book Covers. They Turn You On Like A MF Tho, but They Be So Confused!
you're the sweetest. Thanks Amanda :)
sent over a few!
lucky -.- im still int school
is going to wave goodbye to nine inch nails tonight!
I'm always mr popular right as my ass touches the toilet. *ring ring ring* shit!! *ring ring ring* SHIT!!
RT : I'm gone be up all night cause I took a nap when it was doing all that raining
U a simple hoe u a u a simple hoe
do u like the music
goal "a public library as public platform: fully accessible and repurposeable"
Got me thinking...
RT : RT : Yes!! RT : everyone staying up to help a sick friend
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades. ~Audrey Hepburn
I have my VIP pass NYG Parade!!!! :)
R.I.P. "Macho Man" Randy Savage!!!
Couldn't sleep, so I'm at the 330am showing of The Avengers in Times Square, NY. It's as cools it sounds.
My YouTube is MaggieKoolaide
Starbucks and Periphery = all I need for the 9 hour drive home.
#justlovemesexysteve? LMFAO. i love you, cheyenne. ha.:)
My favorite Beyoncé albums: 4 > I Am...Sasha Fierce = B'Day > Dangerously In Love
perfect time of year for a 21st!.....we'll send you a dm and go over options!...
u was creamated before birth wit cho black ass lmao
Pretty upset that lost..
working on my mixtape
So great to see the panelists in this session, since I have been following them for years.
Saving Private Ryan's Daughter
guffawed through the "Fart Scene" in Blazing Saddles with 9 year old daughter. She thks I fall prey easily to sophomoric humor. She's right
Hi Robin I wanted to introduce myself James Levine suggested that I contact you.
Weird, I just had a spammer not the same name, but close follow me like 3 hours ago. New spam technique?!?
I thought I've tasted heaven until I met fried apples over ice cream, Delicious isn't even the word!
It's hard sometimes knowing that I'm in college working hard for a career that's has no job security what so ever.
Now that I remembered again. Did the things I sent you still not there?.. Let me know if they aren't..
Turn Your Energy Bill & Home Services Into $$$! My company is seeking Ind. Marketing Reps, Work P/T or F/T. Flex Schedule. Call 832-429-8264
I hate when you're with your family
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Sometimes people do things *that* annoy us, not *to* annoy us.
I gotchya! Well I will still visit one day, one day...
#ICantStandPeople who think they're some hot shit.
no, actually your wrong.
stinks to lose it, eh? Oh, well... Onward! ;)
#DontWifeThatChickIf she don't work out
THIS JUST IN...The Brass-A-Holics will be at Wednesday at the Square April 11 with Ivan Neville’s Dumpstaphunk. Are you ready?!?!
dont know is a school project
I feel like there will be some Wade & Zoe sexin'.
I'll go. You know I'm a loser though haha
#CAN Snack!
Johnson still plays?
Food Truck Extravanza at tonight's #ButterflyEffect. Grub down with
We just won three Sofi Silver Awards for 2011.The Gold voting will be held at the Fancy Food Show this summer!Tks everyone for your support
Ramos is such an ass
that's very akward.
"Theatrical" is often mistaken for lots of sequins but for me it's a sense of choreography, narrative, acknowledging audience - D Rockwell
Western Conference Title Game 3 - 3rd period has begun. Tension is high.
This president just make me break out my West Indian accent at the TV! Hmph. He eh slick. lol.
It's strange to think that what I want is so different to what someone in North Carolina wants!
Why thank you!
I'm just bringing my phone and maybe a notebook. Laptop might be a bit much.
Funny, we actually have a print of that in our apartment. It's Brad's eponymous bachelor-pad touch. Hope all is well!!
'Hollywood is hype, New York is talk, Chicago is work.' - Michael Douglas
Thanks to and for having us out last night! Great times as always :)
well, other than Hamilton, it is a 1 run game.
#top100femalelies -- "It's cool, I LOVE sports."
I don't need help w/ my live game. I just need to stop drinking all night while playing & throwing a party w/ my chips.
#baltimoreredline Rally for transportation funding Maryland statehouse Lawyers Mall on Thurs Jan 19th
New title alert - I'm now officially Manager of Digital Media and Season Pass at I wish me well in all my future endeavors.
My wife and I love rumplestilskin/Mr gold on #OnceUponATime. We enjoy your acting immensely.
Kicked ass today thanks! ;-)
QUICK USE THE DRAGONREND SHOUT
Part of the allure of being a UPS delivery person has to be driving down the freeway with your door open.
Columbus obviously calls for sloppy nights for some people
Thanks for the referral, Lolly. Bret
I don't believe there's anything at the Bradley Center tonight, so parking is no excuse for not coming to
I can't imagine there's just one. What are the goals?
This time in two months I will be settling into my dorm at Kings College in London!!
Gas = wasted
To honor Macho Man and Christmas things both.
Krieger's experiences have made him the perfect candidate for this mission: to rescue Sebastian and return him to the castle at all costs.
Got the best purple line conductor who jokes the whole ride home
To labor intensive ...caught in the middle ....not disruptive..... $100/month is not small
lol yeah close to it!
laila!!!! are you coming!
gotta run reservations at le Chateaubriand await! post soon!
Sick day :( wish i could be some where were it doesn't snow in fricken march!
Bad day for Penn State fans planning to vote for Herman Cain.
Yeah, you know how the media works. Everyone over analyzes things and quickly jumps to conclusions haha.
I hope was reading that!! lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Come meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, this Tuesday at 7:30PM via Skype! You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
you better! :-p btw, I'm so jealous that your icon pic is prettier than mine. =-G haha! You're so gorgeous. God bless. ♡
Never say never lol might tweet u a happy birthday, id love to see your reaction! :)
The Mother of Dragons has no equal.
lol what make it special
Darius Morris hits big 3 at close of half for Michigan .
NICE!! good luck with finals bro
Welcome Superps3mods to the team!?
my tweets are normal what are you talking about
Biz teaches us to cleave design from content. The strategy element is only just starting to reunite them.
Daniel Schulman is Chicago's new Program Director for Visual Art / Dept. of Cultural Affairs and Special Events.
Gone too far now,lol. smh
i feel old af
Stania funny , Adams ha
Jesus, thank u so much for everything you did this week two thousand years ago, w/out it, I'd be nothing
like that sucks lol -.-
Calling yourself an artist is problematic
just watched #LoveNeverDies the amazing sequel to #PhantomOfTheOpera Nothing tops Phantom but it was pretty close!
and Claire status
Tardiness / non-promptness / whatever you want to call it is SUCH a pet peeve of mine. Show up when you say you're going to.
I HATE her!!! Ugh! Theyll lose most of the audience! Happened to Alias! :( RT “: Here's link about SR & season:
Merry Christmas to all!
Women in the gym are nothing but a distraction...a distraction I don't mind one bit!
#MyPastRelationships are my past, fuck it tho .. new bitches always better.
Every semester I learn about some of the stories of students graduating from UNM and realize again how many amazing people are here.
RT : If I see anybody hatin on my steeler boys you will get unfollowed block & reported as spam ✋📖😏
Phone conference with Cali Rapper Mick Stillz tonight. We're bringing the Swag Game to a whole other level.
need a Shorty.....
is at the world famous on Sunday 1/22. Hilarity ensues at 7:30
i will when i can! i promise. it won't let me rn. whoever she is, she's getting me tons of followers. lol. :)
the next Bachelorette? I thought she had a new boyfriend...
seriously! The door has been broken so they've been leaving it open, apparently someone took advantage
Heyy mr! I was just on thought Id say hello!! How you been?
shiiiid. Just got off stage. Lounging. Wbu?
The Sunhara #women #farmers are members of Self-Help Groups (SGHs), which are organized into village clusters.
: Women who inspire the spirit
So excited!
RT : Q1) How does your organizations culture influence your colleagues beliefs about learning?
Hey Chad! Nice demo reel you got there!
RT : Just watched The Interrupters documentary - 'Every City Needs It's Heroes' >> very deep
Dude, the Internet has gotten so weird.
aye!!!!! Thanks sis
Hats off to Josh Hamilton tonight. Unbelievable performance.
Really!!! Chic you are grown and I know this because you are older than I am!!! 😠
This guy invades my bubble
I'm sad because i didn't see or today.
Making some kim chi. I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can...
me either! i thought everyone had been have strokes or something
Or people in Bmore don't give a crap about hockey. Remember the Bandits? No? Exactly.
Amen, feels like it only happens on days when I have to work haha
I've never heard Hemmingway actually speak. But Sean Connery's voice keeps popping into my head, and things just get silly from there.
Y do i miss him when he's the reason for the majority of my problems.....
UGH! Looking at the highlights from the game, Markakis should have been able to make it home on the error at 1st.
I thought I figured things out and was back on track... but then it just fell apart again.
I checked out Learning without borders. I liked some of the links. I will definitely use some of the info next year.
Coming back home......
Most users don't care/think about which OS is on their phone.
I need velcro on my hands and the things i hold in my hand so i dont drop them, cause thats how my ipod broke and my phone.
if you get the USA one, you can be waldo.
umm, Eastbound & Down Season Premiere tonight 10pm
great GREAT film: in my top 10 of all-time.
i know some bomb people. =) i love receiving love like...everyday. God bless u guys
you in here too?
absolutely, odd as it sounds, I already look forward to running with my future child.
Just sit back, and watch the show
Highway rest stops should be called relief stops.
I never understood why women talk about guys, but in actuality they worse than them...
Your passion should always be greater than your problem...
“: Any particular amount? And do you take credit cards? I'm comin' for you, :) yes and yes
Each day is a day closer to what you want to become and pursue in life.
I contain multitudes. If multitudes = a couple beers.
what the.... lucky!!! Ha that's awesome :)
Visit our website during the month of October, and get $50 off any stock plan order in celebration of our 50th Anniversary.
Have a tumblr ? Tweet me your tumblr (;
The only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams & your willingness to work hard for them - Michelle Obama
Here we go. Kobe, for the win. Thunder have a foul to give.
★ ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Private Events or Weddings!!! ★ ★ We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
I RT-d and want to say thank you for this chance to win!
haha, sorry. my vacation is about to expire and I'm practicing seriousness again; though, the 2 was the first usable one imo
#follow UP NEXT 2 MAKE A BIG IN-PACK IN HIP-HOP
a gaggle of unicorns?
Knock KnockWho's there !Annabel !Annabel who ?Annabel would be useful on this door !
yes! especially to potato skins! will be curious to hear what you think.
Thanks for the follow! I love your work, is that a pastel of your dog?
Happy Mother's Day All Mothers
I forgot how much I LOVE Macy Gray's voice.
“: ”shut the door
A) Popcorn
Thanks! And sadly no, I just couldn't afford it along with everything else that is coming up soon. Hopefully next year.
Ppl wearing long sleeves slowly convince me that I'm crazy!
Man, I can't make this up. I'm just reading along and reacting.
ANyone barebacking at Ramrod today?
I agree - I love the idea of "conversation pieces." Also, comfortable and welcoming spaces are important.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~Walt Disney
I love your new show! Brilliant!!
Props to for a great event tonight. Not every night I get to see so many old friends and pick up a goodie bag.
#Idol Hallie Day HAS to be related to Kim Basinger. Check out Kim photos from Cellular.
8/24 rally 101 G street, San Diego...send message to settle fair contract for grocery workers!!
Felt like dying ...if you're looking for a personal trainer in #Spokane this is the place to go! Love it!
If you haven't stopped by the pub it's no too late. Things are just heating up.
Sometimes I do wish I could be more like Kahlua.
Wow, that's awful. People are out of control these days! Good Job #LAPD in
Probably more than me!
COCO LOUNGE NYE PARTY GON' BE STUPID CRUNK TONIGHT!!! V.I.P. SOLD OUT AND I GOTTA SHOW OUT BRINGIN IN 2012!! IT'S A PARTY- IT'S A PARTAAY
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Nirvana - smells like teen spirit
Mavs can get rid of Brian Cardinal to to start
Like Paul, we too are “children of light” and filled with God’s good news. How can we show this light in our lives?”~RT
#WomenLieAbout how much makeup they wear
If I had cancer, would you still see or think me in the same way?
The church group I'm at the game with has no idea who #Kittenface, #NC17 and #Mitchapalooza are.
« DID YOU KNOW RETWEETING A #TEAMCHAOSUSA TWEET WILL MAKE YOUR FOLLOWERS GO UP.... #TRYIT & SEE FOR YOUR SELF!! #TEAMCHAOSUSA»
Hello everyone!
Date night ! Wine & Cheese please.
Why thank you rude ass gas station attendant, I wasn't having a shitty enough day until you had to lecture me on the credit reader.
Craving home made three layered caramel cake...
Not fair! I hate working these shifts!
she'll love to know that! She tries...
Peter Binkley: "The code is willing but the data is weak"
lol no i just have to save for other things
lol sounds good! I'll meet you at the film school at 5! I'm so excited to see you!
I think they look cute... D;
Beautiful pitch
I feel like I have a sub at least once a day...hm.
I would certainly hope so 😝
It's so hard letting god have control of my life. I just try day in and day out to do it myself. Will never work that way
you seem to have your priorities lined up well. We can work on the running. ;)
My parents get on my fucken nerves like really mind ur bussness
Hey , any idea when power will be restored in 22205? I need to use my hairdryer! And my coffeemaker. And my phone charger...
We open at 9:45 Saturday morning! Hope to see you then
A triple Americano and Florence and the Machine makes for a better day than no coffee and hammering
you got a point!
Cyber Monday @ www.wsfpfoundation.org. Holiday deal - personalize your permanent message at WI State Fair Park
Note to men: mention Hockey and I'm yours
Thanks for the follow, great blog!
you know ima have to hear that accent one day right
Dang what happened to her?
Hubie got the fountain of youth in his backyard.
F u Charlie
Are you on Lisbon?
#Clippers F Blake Griffin not planning on defending slam dunk title during All-Star weekend.
Americans watching soccer look so stupid...kick the ball bro hahah
New Year's fitness regimes to blame for spike in employee absence Businesses hit as over-eager employees get injured
aw, so precious! You deserve them I am sure, love bug. Miss you! Xoxo
Much healthier choice than me: breakfast burrito! And since I'm in Wisconsin, you know that means lots of cheese.
Picked up the sport of Disc Golf a couple months ago. Love it... Anyone else play? Thoughts?
I already know when I have to do sex scenes in film/tv I'm gonna have to take a couple of shots before filming
Just watched a super lame episode of Buffy. But was in it for like 2 minutes, so I continued to watch it.
YES! RT : If you're going to fail, fail big.
is embarrassing me in front of everyone in this break room I'm #LOLing so bad....
What You See Is...#WhatYouGet!
for following. We'll be tweeting nxt week about a new collection we're launching with Nina Campbell. Keep your eye on us!
tragic I guess I lost ur number on september 4th a long with a lot of other people. My bad!
did u c the Avengers?
cc RT : "STYE" has invaded my brainwavves, !! re: ": NEWS: Toys That Kill release new songs
Why is it your business to know what i'm gonna do with my life. Ewww
Serene or Assertive?
Dunn played bass on Otis Blue. That's really all you need to know about how awesome he was.
lol! I had a blast! Thanks Dave!
The Supreme Court will take up controversial Arizona Immigration law SB1070 case next Wednesday, April 25. -- Deyadira Trevino ()
Is the glasses-free 3D laptop ready for prime time? - CNET
Trying out this new Rocktape for my shoulder and neck. Supposed help injured areas and improve performance. We shall see...
haha I wish
WOAH THERE TIGER
Thank you for the mention to follow and just being you.. You're amazing! XOXO Krisondra
Thanks! About time I look like my avatar. To attract Rails devs can you just put some cookies on your stoop, whistle then hide?
your a good man you know we wouldnt have anything if it wasn't for you
haha!!!! mabey i should change it to something where u cant see my face.... im not very attractive HAHA!
Dayshah is on punishment I'm mad at her
perhaps you are delineating the power of the PHI. Even if you have an audience of 12, it's still a dialectic.
#FollowFriday Thanks for the follow!
I swear Was just at the valet on Franklin with Matt Saracen. His hair is long and Curley!!
spoiled millionaires, it's getting tiring,
Who wants to go to vegas tonight?
Flagrant foul has woken up the crowd. #UNR now up 31-30 w/ 1125 left. Does #SJSU have an answer? The Rebel in me hopes so.
Hey how is everyone doing!?
Thanks for the mention - I'll be sure to check out your site! Please visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com too, thxs! Tammie
Damn, it feels good, but I feel bad for them maids, though ;)
The original Cinderella story will always be the best.
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult. -Marquise du Deffand
The King, after throwing 28 pitches in the 1st has now thrown only 69 pitches through 5. Dude is good
hey, thanks for RT. and thanks for helping spread the word.
what a clumsy exit Palin made. Almost shrill and relieved. tee hee!
": tried out to be a Denver Bronco Cheerleader! He didn't make it though. #ProveAPoint #NeverGiveUp #KeepTrying"
I am loving your blog. You guys really "get" building product marketing and social media!
I've heard about ! Thanks for the rec, will def have to check them out!
What's yo status at the bank?
The Division 2 Baseball Selection show is sponsored by college golf gear. hm....
Auction/raffle for Haiti last night was a fundraising success even though I was outbid on that amazing Haitian metalwork
you will be I have faith in you. #ibelieveinnickbreezy :)
Omg me too!!! :o RT : At my grandma's house. x)
i just saw this. thanks girl.
So, how many people think that the media blitz for may not necessarily be a good thing?
Guitars day two. So excited--this shiz is sounding SICK!!
Attention August 29 Classes are Cancelled, the College Offices are open. Classes will meet as schedule on August 30.
everytime u get the chance grab the mike n say meezy this for u
New single Flexed up Feat Bo Deal & Shawnna produced by O.J on the way
Oh yes!!! I love starbucks
Btw I'm not a Linux zealot, I use the right tools for the job but come on people. No wonder real engineers don't take IT seriously.
Can you send the link into us? so we can enter you into our contest for the featured vid? Thanks!
Thanks for the RT Joe. I hope things are great.
why is everyone unfollowing mee? ill unfollow u too
My heart hurts... RIP RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
#ndpl audience and participation workstream will make sure #DPLA is 'fun and usable'
He appears to b taken some responsibility 2 me (Regis) (show clips) etc.? i say dont put him on blast but thats me :)
Midwest Sees a Sand Rush: The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources rejected the petition, saying existing regulations addressed ...
This weekend is gonna be so god(:
Can't wait to eat some wings and watch football tomorrow!
Yep, you're probably right lol. You're not THATmuch older than me though ha.
some perv from school is gonna read this and tell the new ms perkins I'm a physco
#Bearcats just upset #Syracuse - Wow!
time to get my tailgate on at the dome
Thanks for the Re-tweet yesterday, I am trying to get used to a different app. and I missed your RT. Thank you!
actually I don't. But I'm hoping u come back to PDX and show me...
RT : This Scrooge story is obscuring what this product is
It just occurred to me that the last two weeks have been the worst ever. Not coincidentally, I also haven't seen my kids in two weeks.
Sounds like a good day for a ride!
Creepy but cute.
that type of dedication deserves a bonus!
I think I'll be the hippo lol
I was a big fan of the Clemson "half-throw while falling leading to INT/fumble to the house" RT "Sack-fumble" is the new pick-6.
sounds like someone had a good time
nothing really! What about you??(:
Have you ever had a day that just got away from you? Can it really be 2pm already?
We are looking for several of our Prize Pack Winners to Feature on New Country Star! E-mail your photos to
Demand and Supply....
are you hooked yet?? This judging on this show is so hilarious!
thanks so much for the follow! That price on our website is the sale price already but I have 30 others here that u can use on!
Buford needs to keep it going for buckeyes to get back in this
there weren't a whole lot in my genre of reading (er...YA, ha) but thought maybe they were other Tweeters' style =)
I hate it when people try to fight me on my political views I am like like STFU
Clemson&#39;s bats exorcise Atlanta demons, take series at Georgia Tech
i meant same episode man....
Reggaeton singers are so ugly
Observation on life: Candid dancing pics should never be allowed.
Lucky Lounge {209 W 5th St Austin Tx 78701} Starts at 9:00 P.M
#Martin, A Clash of Kings (Song of Ice & Fire #2). Added myself to the long hold list for ##3-4. I seem to be committed.
fuck you if u had me
Thanks. You've certainly given me good dream material. :-)
RT : #MLA13 PANELS ANNOUNCED! HULK WAS WONDERING WHAT ENGLISH PROFS WERE GOING TO READ TO EACH OTHER IN JANUARY! /haha!!
On my way to homeroom with AT: Emily :-)
#iamme omg its trending worldwide <3
: I like Scribd: u can point people to the URL or u can embed them in other site, good social media and tally features
You are welcome
all relationship goes thru it
#ghlive Finally see a person with a light now. But where did it come from before?
Actually awesome :3
Couldn't find the RTE lite app. Where?
lemon juice/water is the best. That's my drink of choice. Have a great workout
Remember the important correlation between what you think & what you
It might be time for my semi-annual caffeine detox.
Well done tonight you are one hell of a trooper!
Bo rain!
This lady is a bitch and needs to shut the fuck up
Tonight 2 Pony Up! and 2 Coalition (ryan's side project) songs on "Punk'd"
very nice seeing you and thanks again for the intros! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
ONE MORE DAY TIL THE HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL! (can u tell we're a wee bit excited?)
thanks :) we're really proud of it
really? Hope you had fun!
son is mad lmao
Hey, guys behind me in study hall, could you talk a little louder? I would LOVE to hear about your plans to go buy an iPod tonight. Oh wait.
well I know a couple from Wed and Tues. They haven't put todays up yet. The weekends are the best ones!
#Socialmedia is most powerful when used for direct connecting, not just posting.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Your Miami/Dolphin Mall location has the worst customer service imaginable. An insult to Samuel Ashkynase and his legacy.
If you're really doin it #Big we'll see it before you #Tweet it! Your zip code is the same as err'body else... #weedropweerock!!!
listening to tonight tonight again!
Lol I shit when I saw that video!! He looks just like you now that he cut his hair!! Gonna go see them next friday!
it is okay haha i hope you get your period
gplus, facebook, everywhere, SUCK IT. Twitter is win. Twitter is communication. Twitter is the movement.
gm terri and friends
and use "like" in every damn sentence
I am better tdy :) Ah Lauren u crazy alcoholic, Night!!
WHEN IS ARETHA fRANKINS rEVIVAL IN dETROIT
perfect. I use Shakeology after workout. You should consider it, It's really quick and has everything in it.
Just watched on Letterman. I was really impressed.
USA! USA! US... anyone?
RT : Hearing college students thank for bringing financial literacy to the community makes it worth it!
its not foreigner without #Lou Gramm!!!!
Want to learn about managing your research and bibliographies with Zotero? Join our workshop today, Research Commons 2-3...
Life is fabulous in Pittsburgh!
wtf get outta here
In an environment where privacy and breach mud is on every provider to some extent, only Google still looks clean to Joe User
I use my sharpie lip line...": I blow besos #muah"
Just listening to beats like usual. You have anything you would like to share with me, feel free to tweet or inbox me
ok just checking cause Curtis will be at football practice.
Pointing knife at penis, "I can kill you now or relieve you of this gift. This black gift."
I knw that's right girl. He is fine.. I'm like that bout
I'm coming back.. Lol :)
In an effort to align with more rigorous children's dietary guidelines, Macaroni Kid is changing it's name - going forward we will be...
Good Fight!
So it turns out the Big Blue Bus is pretty awesome and gets you everywhere you want to go (so long as you don't go east of the 405).
Tebow hands it to Ball and He gains no yard, Tebow tryies to Rush and Ge Doesn't Gain any yards. 4rt and 9. There going to kick a Field Goal
RT for your chance to win a pair of Orlando tix!
Why do all of these old white guys look so cranky?
Somebody said, "I like Selena's song 'Billy Billy Bomba'" NO.
as a butler grad... Saying we had a ton of talent the last two years takes away from the beauty of it all
Great talk yesterday! Unfortunately, it made me rethink much in my own work on reading & the body. Eek.
Central Park Standoff Kisses!
This. RT : A good ad man doesn't sell you cola. He makes you thirsty.
Awww. Well I was never the same after Alex died. So sad :(.
R.I.P. Dick Clark... Cultural icon and slice of America passes from the scene. New Years Eve won't be the same.
How do I design an app like ? SO RAD!
Put your boobs away, get your ass off the sink, put your middle finger down, respect yourself && then see how many guys will respect you.
Espresso by Design is a great place.
Tonight on Metrorail - A random guy sees me in red jacket and says " tell your team to keep up the work brother."
Thanks for listing me on Follow Friday! You've got a great account & I'm honored to have been mentioned by you. :)
#np without you - chris brown <3
My god we now have a 15% poverty rate in the US... 1 in 6 ppl... highest level on record... banks are making record profits
Hanging out with a cutie tomorrow! I said HELLO!!!
It's that time again! The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 5 minutes. Send us your #TEFL questions and stories!
Tired of idiotic policies getting in the way of technology as efficient tools for the job.
No problem! I feel your pain! Finals are killin' me! So close to summer! :D
Saw Nashvegas and I knew it was you.
I fuckin HATE reaching any kind of customer service where English isn't their 1st language. What tf do they be saying?
On My way to set up for the artshow 41 Murray street TriBeCa Ny see you there!!!! xoxo-Rabbit
I am so blessed....and more importantly thankful. God has been so good to me and my family.
I see thanks!
I sent #oomf the cutest 5 page text & since he's an asshole he's not gonna text me back.
“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland
My nephew is here!! Yay!!
I didn't! Hoping to see it this weekend. Did you?
Dean: "very little substantive difference" between Romney's HC legislation and Obama's.
No sleep + sick + dentist + finals = Worst week ever.
when did #mubb get this "Caddigan" guy? Can the announcers at least learn the names of the starters?
He is so confusing?? Goodness
my hugs are kind of awesome
7/22 is my birthday. Beyond excited.
#moneycantbuy my love of opinion (;
God is real no doubt about it
are hostels downtown a good idea or no?
you still thanking him
I have missed u so much, I love u :)
You are welcome and you too, Corey!
Any cool events happening in LA?
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27. First student film to get a theatrical release?
Not trying to be snide, but how do you expect to get to stuff we purchase, if don't even look at library site? Promotion failure somewhere.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER
well i am tried so i amgetting off bye!!!!!!!:)#24$
Nice UK wildcat shutout by
LOVED Jekyll & Hyde - Why does watching someone go bad feel so good? Same question applies to every "Real Housewives of..."
RT : With less than 24hrs to go before #ISE2012 opens over 800 companies are putting the finishing touches to their stands...
Has anyone heard about the LMS called MindFlash? I'd be interested in opinions or information. Thanks!
You mean "IS" and thanks! RT : us my mentor for Guys & Dolls...SWEET! Thanx coach!
I have a reason For EVERYTHING I DO
#FF , for her paintings are extraordinary!
You got it
: It's Game of THRONES! Hahahahahahahaha!!! I just got that!!! Hahahahahahahaha. - I'm in for a kick... ;)
good morning, twitter world.
Purchase #Tucson #Foreclosures Worry Free
Shopping then heading up to Millinocket aka the boonies
Taking control of ME. Wish me luck. I'm a handful.
march had way better temps for riding outside than april!! how was the run??
Oh the biz side! You can make any deal you want if both sides agree. Usually, its 50/50 no matter what the contribution.
Do you have a bio? That would be presentable for sending out with your press release?
is trying hard not to fool you today
It's an amazing feeling to walk into a with no line. It's going to be a good day.
Okay .... I. Heart. You ... Come To Ohio Pleeaaassee .♥ P.s. I'm Eating Gummy Warms :PP♥♥
You're Invited to a Charity Trunk Show at The Hamilton hosted by BVEN Boutique. Mark your calendars! March 9th. FREE ADMISSION...
aahahaha oh nice and its really not that hard to work it
Will be open on Saturday from 11am to 10pm, we will be open on Sunday regular hours.
I had a pretty good daggum day today! (:
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ Gladstone exit, left lane blocked, backed up to OR 224
Driving around looking at Christmas Lights and listening to Tell 'em Steve Dave Christmas. New holiday tradition started.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
at the same time I wanna leave and then I wanna stay
ANYTIME! THANK YOU!! :-) “: They were so yummy! Thanks again for the generous donation. They were quite popular!”
- Hope you feel better - You must hast bumped into bknoll in the last few days as he is out sick as well - Take Care
The Voice--Cristina and Blake let go of the WRONG people. What were they thinking? So disappointed. That's why I stopped watching Idol.
Lets get #1Bitch Trending
bright eye's fevers & mirrors seems like an appropriate soundtrack for tonight
since is taking requests i would want to see a canadian destroyer into a sharpshooter. Call me old fashion
Just waiting for on the corner.
limited edition.
Someone should text me :)
had lots of fun at his Chinese meetup this evening even if he didn't speak much 中国語. Then it was off to the Japanese-only meetup. No Engrish
Wat about all of the American or even Canadian like jb who we gave you please don't hate American fans we love them too
I might be missing the meeting next week ): it'll be the first one I've missed. Ever. Not counting the 2pm ones
Im not an extreme couponer, but... Mcdonalds packets of coupons and freebies makes me really happy.
None of my friends watch basketball man...forever alone watchin the games n shit
Thought it might be appropriate to tweet that my Twitter class filled up in less than a day.
And I just drove past my moms street on autopilot to house....
Saw Paranormal Activity 3 at midnight last night...it's one of the best scary movies I've seen in awhile. What'd you think?
To do something you dont want to do, Press 1. Another thing you dont want to do? Press 2. The thing you actually want to do, Press 87
Thank you so much. Means a lot to my family! We need it back!!
Im Just living the life!...
I've got less hair, fewer eyebrows and less backpain than this morning - #gratitude for hair stylist, salon, and chiropractor.
I don't usually have that hard of a time believing that it's not butter.
i need to stop being a retweet button abuser and come up with things of my own to say
man I just saw you profile pic in Lens Crafters the other day looking around. Congratulations!
I fucking hate this house..I literally fucking hate living in this house...my death will probably include a heart attack in this house.
In Tears Early In This Morning!
St. Louis (MO) KSDK: Agreement reached between Anthem and Tenet”
Thanks for the shout!! RT Full-service Film & Video Production Laboratory, Factory & Menagerie of Curiosity.
My battery is about to die already!
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Mandatory evacuations have now been ordered, according to a #LosAlamos resident.
yeah, it has more control over editing but it could use some UI tweaks. Prob confusing for those who don't use photoshop
#TwSIG in a browser. Fascinating to see which tweets show up.. and why. Harvesting the real time web is an analytic.
Lmao, he funny :D
The next 100 people to follow will gain 350+ followers! (he has 69,000 + followers & can get u them within minutes
Follow my other page
I prefer WordPress over Joomla. My clients prefer it also.
o what happened and lina said ello
thank you for the RT :) Have a great day!
you are my idol and you inspire me a lot :) <3
I think we should start a new trend guys,
To all #SBWF patrons I will be accepting your unused tokens! Just look for the guy with a black beard and a SNOB shirt.
God u hare fanny pak RNG FOR THE WIN
both equally alarming. this lineup will be abysmal when kemp comes back to earth
Six years, same as you! Yay! :)
What made "Pitbull" the global iconic superstar that he is? I mean the man has SO MUCH talent, like lowering his glasses...
RT : Worldwide tour of satire with
God, that's the worst! Where the HELL does lint come from anyhow? It's so not SEXY.
Yes hahaha i loved that!
are releasing for #Android tomorrow….for free!
Good luck to all #UMW students as they finish up finals week today and tomorrow!
GET 's NEW SINGLE 11:11 TO TOP 10!
Lol yeah pretty much But it's okay At least you don't give old ladies heart attacks when you bark at them
Sometimes you just have to watch the broken pieces fall to the ground and walk away, no matter how much you want to fix it.
Thank you!
Don't miss our next event at Cabana Bar on July 7...come meet and greet and get some sand in your shoes!
WTF Comcast? Modem is not working and I did everything the tech asked before I even called and in half the time. Still broken!
Now you just need Google+
Took a walk and some sandhill cranes relaxing in the shade. (I tried to take a pic with my phone, but it came out too dark)
Man #nfldraft movin fast!!!! Good players gonna be avail for #dabears no doubt!!! Cmon emery!!!
I just added my voice to #getmoneyout of politics via #topprog www.getmoneyout.com
I kinda wanna go over there....but I'll just wait for now
I am not sure this person will have a car immediately, that is the only rub!
cool cool. so far 2 for solo, 2 for duo.
yes, among other more colorful expressions of the english language. :)
Really excited for cover art !
Hello from the Modern Royal Ballgames program. We'd like to have your kids play Pokatok one day. Let me know when...
strike one on new, big project at work. what gives?
These tobacco commercials trip me out
The real world is not fun. But at least tomorrow's friday!
Watching "Martin" on TVone
At the crib telling your girl we should order in lol
So, how many of you have started gardening? This weather sure makes it difficult to resist!
You are awesome! Thank you so much for all of your service to You made a difference!
I know the feeling! I just want carbs :( RT : I have a massive craving for cake 🎂🍰
So hard to explain the concept of Twilight to Marcos . He doesn't even know what it is ...
well he also left his garbage on the counter. Just throw it away.
Naw not on Tanisha u saw it wrong .... hopefullyy
My eyes are fighting me this morning.
klassy with a "K"
have students using Viewshare for projects in Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media, a little iframe wonkiness but great tool
The Catholic theologian Mary Daly died on Sunday. She wrote, "for a woman...'to be' in the fullest sense is 'to sin.' "
You texted me late, now I know I'm on your mind when you go to sleep ^_^
We had a great time! Thanks!
I was really about to tweet what tweeted! Ugh girl problems 😔 👎
and karaoke of Tom Jones
ouch. Sorry that happen to Kota a month ago :/
I got on that Metro train @ Woodley... They had some dude manually controlling the doors from the back of the second car
I'm going to crotchet and bake my way in to your heart
watch tv. www.aaron.tv
and me are all #nowfollowing #Follow them.
You are welcome!!!
buy cherry a shot of jagermeister for me. i'll pay you when i see you at world dom
Gotta make my next move my best move
You never reply to my tweets :/
Just yelled at my husband to not get me anything for Mother's Day. Yes, I'm complicated. And stubborn. And drunk.
still looking for that ledge!! All I could find was a bush pretending to be a ledge! Lol! How is it looking this morning?
I've used something different with each of my kids. I'd be interested to hear ppls faves too!
RT : I'm scheduled to be on NPR's Tell Me More today to talk about Amazon's Price Check app. Check your local listings!
"Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work." Vince Lombardi
no your not!! You are really pretty!
Gotta love Joel Ward!! #BlackIce Caps, Caps, Caps!!!
Right back at you Cant say enough about your continued Support!!!
I HAD CHIPOTLE FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY!!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)29
oh wow. there's blood. ow. oh Yoda.
The down&up for today: Down-shaved my head developed sensitive skin rash like when shaving down there,have 2 wear hat Up-got a part time job
Looking for examples of short Flash videos (1-3 min) explaining a new product, ideally developer-oriented. Any favorites?
HOLY SHIT NEVER WOULD HAVE GOT THAT! jk lol
Attend this Wednesday for a series of inspiring 5 minute talks. $5 admission. 100% proceeds benefit
Did you wear that shirt every day?
Hi Carla! Here's our handle!
What your Favorite Celebirty Hairstyle?
Thanks and for the informative call 2nite!
For Every Go Thru There's A Testimony!!!
classic! Just saw this one!
no no no no no!! Your body is a wonderland (I lose myselllffff), your body is a wonderla-and!!!!!
Can't wait for tonight's episode of
Nice! What's the fellowship for?
Learn that my self. I dog a hoe out but she call me bout everyday. but when i try to be nice to somebody they try to hurt me and shitt
thank you for planning a great #itec11. is looking forward to our sessions!
I'm the type of girl who puts on her better smile, her better outfit, and better attitude, just to show him what he left behind.
Go Girl!
#ro12 Rouge Orleans! The only place to be!
ha! Tell us how you really feel :) (exciting huh??)
They traded Fisher
Don't FB, Google, Twitter, etc have some sort of QC to prevent shenanigans like that?
So far, best buy has my vote. Nicely done.
#RHOA Get ready to get her together
Jordan!! It's my birthday! Will you please win me a happy birthday?! <33
a shame, because you're a good mom.
missed your #solarchat :( Heard it was great as usual!
or, should I say, Lankiest Hawk
S/O to for being there for me! Truly my #bestfriend!!
I hate to hear that hun:( My feet have been hurting but other than that ive been ok. thanks for asking :)
Hm should I make a scrap book of fan girl moments and send it to austin? Maybe like a collage will be easier :')
Ick!! Vitamins taste disgusting!
I need to know the rest of the stuff on the test since I missed class!
Samuel Belisle did not show for the meet and greet
RT if you are ready for #summer!
Thanks for following! Blessings and Joy! :)
White boy can't hold Jones!
I really need a practice session from someone.
or maybe it's maybellen
OLLU SOFTBALL: Saints beat Northwood 2-1 after KB hits a walk-off home run in the 8th inning! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
Nanny Brittany time with Zach and Gigi!
Some of the laptops allow you to change the keyboard and cover lights. Send in the idea.
Winning and grinning on a Saturday night!
Excited about the Google/James Cameron led asteroid mining project. It's about time rich people did something cool with all that money
yeah and no no no i obviously suck at spelling RED WiNGS SUCK
Drop what you're doing right now and go take a look at tonight's moon in the iPhone weather app
thx for the tweet. Meant to tell story in class but forgot
If you've ever uttered the words.. "There's too much Beer and Pizza" - And done so in aggravation, I'm sorry, we can't be friends anymore.
Hey , Been workn #pres2028 campaign at beach. Feeln momentum growing! Sev new voters!
the disney XD commericals were they stay go out and play im just like ugh....its too early and and its cold :/
WE ARE UP TO 230 LETTERS!!! Please keep them coming!!
Trying to cut back on worktime lunch money spending. Today will be my White Eagle visit for the week.
cool. Just found you guys yesterday via and am very impressed.
girl open wide, you feel me kissing on ya thighs,look me in the eyes, ima take you for a ride
RT : "Bitterness imprisons life. Love releases it." - Henry Emerson Fosdick
i love that discount lasers are the solution!
Would you like to be an APA Featured Photographer? DM us or email .
I'm friends with Rayden...she didn't invite me to make food! Rude! Lol
Lol Gaby it was SO weird. Omg, I was like... "How pathetic".
The hell with this 930 game smh....I'll be out by halftime
Beautiful day in santa monica. :)
My body hates me.
Did you look for gifts that were made in the USA or produced locally this year? What companies did you buy from?
Is the rain ever going to stop here in NY??
Final week of "The Radical Camera" Amazing exhibit. Look for an overview/review coming soon!
This is not a good feeling....Lord please give me direction.
The rain =
Hair cut!!
after just listening to a Live song, i think my brain almost exploded from a mini flashback.
Yikes Nunez....
It was Doug/Kyle
In The Cut ,In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up
I'm thinking that next Halloween, the only option I'll have for a costume is Ugly Betty.
Happy Cinco De Mayo(:
Salsa tonight at Retro!! 1518 McGee KCMO $1 shot specials and salsa dancing all night!!
Or, "No, I said 'right' ventricle. No! Your OTHER right!"
Hope everyone is enjoying a nice meal with Family today
LA rainy day = visit a museum or gallery. We're partial to LACMA's #PSTinLA exhibition
BAHAHAHAHA! UL fans are getting all butt-hurt over UK's comeback win against MSU! Really? REALLY? LOVE IT!!!!
I wish someone believed in me.
TYVM! Glad we have connected!
James Brown is a God.
RT RT : Facebook is for friends that are now strangers, Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
That's weird...
i got you
With this crazy traffic I should've learned by now to pack some seeds or candy, bread or at least a rubber to chew on #StarvingChipmunk ...
We don't-She should donate her profits to charity from her fake wedding RT : I miss my sisters while they are in Australia!
Does GW have a science requirement? I'm not in touch with such issues. Anyway, enjoy!
Attorney Jeremy Levinson files complaint to get 6 "placeholder candidates" kicked off ballots. If successful it could change election dates
I'm independant.
yes and mostly just for you :D
"When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not." -Mark Twain RT
Saddest Desperate Housewives ever! Mike dying breaks my heart :(
haha!! Gotta love em! That'll be us someday trying to control our robot servants.
had to send the first run back because the back Logos were never printed should get fixed up this week sorry for the wait
Ordering parts to build Buddy Bike Sport equipped with NuVinci N360 drivetrain for 2013!
hey beautiful, happy new year! How have u been? Updates updates lol
6 days till spring ball
You stupid bitch. You messed everything up and im getting blamed cuz of your mistakes. Ugh thanks alot.
Guy who wears a cowboy hat and clicks his heels on the ground through the hallways: you're in Texas, that doesn't mean you're a DAMN COWBOY
Can exercise damage your health?
Brendan Schaub still doesn't know what happened, and I'm not sure I do either, Big Ben with a perfect left hook outta nowhere
did you get your car fixed?
Rehearsal, SoHo with , and our grandparents come in today :)
Just finished up my first night on set of Can't wait for more tomorrow!
wine in hand, dinner being cooked for me, Billie Holiday on the stereo...can't get any better
thanks paul, we'll get this expedited through our customer support department and have someone get back to you asap! :)
Starting to go through a big #mental change. The change of #accepting ones
In the movie Friends with Kids, all of the baby actors are wearing an abhorrent amount of cheek blusher and that really bothers me.
I sing along with your guitar solo. lol
Budget cuts temporarily close two fire stations in Taunton. City is trying to balance budget. Story at 5:30 on
Saturday shoot...
Food served Daily until MIDNIGHT! Special today-Steak and Shitaki Mushroom Taco $4
I wish i could get up and Go somewhere...far
Well I thought it was this week!!!!!! :(
If heaven has a smell, I'm pretty sure it's onions sauteing with bacon
Ready for everyone to hear these new jams!
Spent a much needed "me" day with a great friend I've missed shopping for my office! I hope it was a good for you as it was for me!
About to fall asleep thanks to this fire!
I like that the programs are so big, they look like restaurant menus. "I'll have the lobster bisque with a side of Romans 12."
thanks for the mention!
I think Rev. Parker was sticking to things in the spiritual realm and not the fiscal.
Have to wonder how much scrutiny is being applied to these new alleged victims of sexual advances after being pulled over 4 DUI
Denied. Inquire again in 6 weeks.
theres a special place in hell for those two motherfuckers
Aw, what's wrong?
I don't think it's reasonable to expect that NY Times stay free & in business, but I also think the prices announced are too high.
yikes! glad you're ok.. what about your car?
Where the fuck are we?!
DM me the acct tel #, i'll take a look at the issue
We're a hip hop duo from Austin, TX. 1st album is available on iTunes, amazon, etc..you can also listen to us on pandora.
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to God�s original blueprint and not someone else�s
Have you signed up for our Oct. 4th Strategic Leadership Conference? What would you like to get out of it?
RIP I miss u Momma Hicks
yea that shit was wild, he doesn't even sound like a football player off the field
wonderful world, lol
It's in the lyrics to the #Awolnation song on your blog! lol. What can I say? I hear WORDS. (I also used to write song lyrics)
Sounds like all the parents are getting used to the sounds of school being back in session
:( I gotta get a new desktop computer!!! ;( My laptop does not process HD video for editing! BO! Any suggestions on a new desktop?????
Featured Librarian: Anne Davis, Anthropology and Archaeology Librarian - Anne can help you really dig in to your research...
no gender is Male or Female. Chinese is a race. like white,black.mexican,etc.
Veggies make great snacks. They can get you through the hunger pangs if you are having them.
like this one 2. I always say it takes a lot more energy & effort to be angry & hold grudges then it does to forgive & move on
This #NFL off season - #Redskins #Browns #Seahawks #Dolphins #49ers #Colts #Titans #Broncos all looking to switch #QB's
the response I most often get when I say I'm in Lib school is, "you have to go to school for that?"
S/O to my new twifey follow her...
#Lasttweet good night clippers fans :)
Purchase a 6 month unlim. group class membership for $250. Reg. $474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio & kickboxing. Good until noon today!
Thanks so much for a great luncheon! The food was delicious and the #atkinscookbook is just what I need to shed this baby weight!
I had the music too loud. I think it gave me heartburn. BRB!!!
Fellow Oscar lovers! How many times have you cried so far? And how many bottles of wine have you already gone through?
I just love you.
Good for the Blackhawks!
New Hot Chip track is a Legit jam.
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry 3/4 x 5, still a favorite with designer and homeowner.
thanks! I tried taking a photo of my screen as well ;)
People These Days.
": you my boy. But let's be real" yea, youre right
RT “: Young boy big dreams”
Thanks to a Canadian on the crew, we have Tim Horton's coffee in the production office.
staff meeting the same night as speech banquet... NO.
well he is lol
“: #Aquarians are not only march to a different drummer, they make up new music as they go along”
Ever wonder who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number? My upcoming article will look at jersey numbers 1-10.
Marketing advice is like opinions, everyone has some... :)
It is so you can carry all that love home to your honey!!!
No, chillin right now. You?
On a little cheese mat.
Two shoots tomorrow. Starting at 8:45am and finishing at midnight. It's going to be a long day...
Just wrote a scene that's gonna give *me* nightmares. Why do I do this to myself?
#Giro The Umbrian section, from Assisi to Terontola, follows the unlovely highway, altho along the Lake the views left are pleasant.
48% and i'm hungry
how was skool :)
Nigga a fool asking bums if they need a bump
Joshua took it to church!!
I'm pretty sure should be
I accidentally added a 2nd one. Lol. I'm new to this. How u been? How was ur Thanksgiving?
the stuff I don't understand...
Dear Baby Whisperer Tracy Hogg: Here, lean close so I can "whisper" something in your ear...SHOVE IT, you uppity Brit.
I think I've spent the majority of my day watching bear videos or Cleveland videos. Good day.
Thanks! Enjoy this beautiful Friday! RT : Amazing as always! ;) Love the new lemon honey dressing.
speaking of..are you guys still interested in the project? I have only received 2 payments and her
can I get an injury update on manningham's concussion? It's affecting my fantasy team.
Better enjoy it, once I'm gone the run is over... #BielemaBlows “: Congrats to on the hire..now let's win us a Rose Bowl"
“: If anyone uploads that Darius Miller piece (which I missed) please tell me” damnit! I missed it too!! Somebody help!
Tony isn't here righ na please leave ya name n number and he'll get back to ya. Lol.
wish me luck for my cheer competition tomorrow!!?? (:
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
I love her
Discovering that grad school is a bit about chasing down out-of-print books.
I'm in Roanoke and its getting slammed w/rain, some hail, local flooding. Is this headed for #rva tonight?
OR you could CALL them! Lol RT : good call! Any one know if #honeybee market carries chia seeds?
Librarian fight!!
A watched pot, never boils...
#DragRace please choose Sharon needles!!!!! Love her!!
: and I are gonna get out sushi on today. I think I have four meetups this week. Pretty sure I'm nuts.
Electric Christmas lights were first used in 1854
not if that has to last us thru injuries all year! Need to sign Ndata long term!!
6 shots finaled this week, so I am staying home to get rid of this bug today! Gotta a monster to work on next week
Morning my tweeps, time for some coffee
So we should go clubbing soon! I could be your new gbf! ;D
EVERYONE!!!!!!! PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Where are you end of October early November?
I know I miss you to 😔
this song is funny af .
You're welcome! Happy Monday!
