In a month, my reading selections went from The Federalist Papers to Ferdinand.
What a crazy day
Need to beat the heat? Come visit special collections today - it's 61 degrees in the hallway right now. Climate control is serious business.
Irrational decisions that you'll regret one day <<<
so you talking shit now?
Thanks!RT : Get your Frapp on! Frappuccinos at Starbucks are half price every day until May 13th between the hours of 3 and 5pm.
#FridayReads :: Finished Ernie's Ark by Monica Wood (wonderful writer) Reading One Small Step Can Change Your Life, Robert Maurer (useful)
Oh yes I am. And on new adventures, of course. ;) How are you doing?!
": I'm not talking about Facebook, I want to know how to block you in real life."easy ignore the fuckers lol
wonders if fighting with this server is worth it today.. i can't seem to win!
GUESS WHO JUST GOT WOW BETA AFTER THE FIRST FEW WAVES, and obviously being between them. ;D
UPDATE 2-Telus withdraws unifed-share plan; profit rises
Just a little reminder, in case you might forget, RECORD STORE DAY, it's tomorrow! 4/21!!! Tell everyone you know!
The four Ps of cause marketing: partner, purpose, passion, profits.
lmao can I touch it
My wife's been craving potato salad lately - are you sure you're not pregnant?
Peace and love
yeah we are always looking at ways to expand and working w/ pro athletes would be of definite interest..
Kindness is not Weakness...
PSU Theater Arts presents: Mountain Language Zoo Story. FREE preview on January 13th at Lincoln Hall room 110!
Yes! After a yr + of not being in NYC market and being in Bmore I finally found May be 2am but I'll sacrifice!
What you expect to happen is a big part of what the result will be. Think positive.
Kepler Lucas :Suspicious vagrant in alley!! Oh, wait - it's just the pool guy.
Tastes like
did she text back this is urgent! Or who else could I ask?
We are open for business in the Convention Center until 6pm! 11-6 Thurs-Sat in Ballrooms A,B, and C. Come feed your eyes on rock posters!
We're Coming!!!
Let me do this too bc im pathetic !
Thx 4 experiencing us in #Albuquerque!
This Anthony Davis/Kyrie Irving debate is going to look really silly when they're ON THE SAME TEAM
Meet Board Member Lindsey and check out the new Web site! www.bldpa.org
that's the one!...sorry random food thought as I'm pitching sponsors w/ideas-I figured I would go to the expert for advice
“: Local news just compared a blind dog and his dog friend who helps him get around to Stevie Wonder and Elton John...WHAT?!?!?” duh
that's not the answer I was seeking. You are dead to me.
great to connect with you here, Carlo.
Thank you to the WWE and the cast and crew of "Blood Brothers" for filming in our great state......and for the delicious chocolate basket!
Happy Friday everyone! Come on in and enjoy 30 cent beers!
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS #Evol mixtape wayne suppose to drop if he havent already lol
I need 2 tickets to Thursday's Capitals/Panthers game. Who is going to help me out?
We on the top floor.
What a busy day today!
Aw. Thnks guys!! : Truth. RT : Big shout out to for her amazing work. So inspired after the day
Having a weird kind of day where you cry over "say yes to the dress: atlanta". What is even going on with me.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy holidays friends!
Being a wedding photographer has been difficult post-divorce. But there are moments, editing, when I look at a beautiful... (1)
Volunteering has me looking Rough
image? Who cares as long as uw is avg enough to make the tourny every year. That and chest passes define success for uw fans
I know! So excited :)!
got my hair cut today :)
that's where I live! It is the best.
like i wish that happened again this year so she wont come back to school
i'm at an show right now, but same here just making moves.. U ever come back here?? I want to take u out! ;)
Don't limit investing to financial world. Invest something of yourself, you will be richly rewarded. ~Charles Schwab #quote via
HEY WILL U KIILLED THAT BEAT THEM CATS SNAPPING TO
just learn from them lil bro n all n God will work it out ;).
yo ima need u to stop changing your name. confusing me and shit when I get the twitter txt lol!!
Purple days blow. Taking a zero in acting.
Check out the latest creation by roly inc. www.enduroshark.com let me know what you guys think.
sometimes your head suit gets some serious vertical action happening. ever thought of getting your hair did like jean ralphio?
always fun! No matter what!!! Loving the city of the Whale's Vagina!!
oh thanks! I'm not as good as you but I am trying.
Thanks! I think I do have a link in my profile, but I'm not much good at Twitter, so I could be wrong!
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
I meant btwn us. You are not mad at me bc of my reaction to the finale.
i miss you too!
he'll ya. Just a friendly game to play in the semis
Happy Mothers Day to all #Gardening Moms, Plant Nurturers, Pet Rescuers-Adopters, and All Caregivers - have a wonderful Sunday!
Are you guys going this year? I haven't decided. Depends on when I can get my overdue book done.
Rockwell provides feedback from fourth quarter diamond sales
Auditorium is full and there's still a line up the block!!! The revolution is alive and well in Fort Worth!!
Disappointed that I can neither build a house or fix a car engine I wonder what my Dad would make of the fact I just had a manicure?
Man in critical condition following collision on Huntsville&#39;s Memorial Parkway
your dm made me think thank u so much.....
looking fwd to seeing u tomorrow :)
Today is one of those days where I just feel like doing whatever screaming
2 more days then i am off for 4days then i am on nights lol
Bad boys II is still a good movie to watch sometime.. them boys are crazy!!
thanks so much
Waiting for a photog to shoot a standup for my story. We, we so excited!
Celebrate the first snow of the season and stop in for a nice, hot drink! Show this to your barista for 25% off any drink of your choice!
LMFAO that was pretty funny my tongue got all twisted LMFAO
Bye bye Hoosiers...no surprise there. Real games start tomorrow and Sunday!
Minus 400 illegal aliens? Is that what your saying? ;)
Not feeling good at all :(
#imthatpersonwho makes myself laugh more then i can make others
you still have me :)
So, I had to write two essays in eighty minutes during AP Lit today. It's safe to say that that was the lowpoint of the day.
‘Prometheus’ Clip: On Approach to Doom via
Thanks for following! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Thank you! We look forward to seeing at our location; Downtown will be closed that day.
how about you invest your 1% rich actor money in solar, and let us invest in oil and Keystone which will employ people now?
just about week until Jan 23 North Castle Public Library!! Its gonna be epic!!!
Fly or take greyhound..... Debating
makes sense...wonder where tho, I'll be following that story for now
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Do you give everything you have for your dreams? This actress spent her last paycheck to get Tyler Perry's attn AND she is talented!...
I'm beyond jealous😞
So cold in the ABQ tonight!!! Bundle up with someone you love, or have a drink at
": What? Bring me a pet squirrel back!"first if all its a wild squirrel
well you're in it so have no choice
HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN IN OVERTIME!! #wewantthecup!!
Staccato phrases with two octave leaps and legato drones within one octave. Improvised duet. Players switch roles at will.
Im straight g tho
I can't seem to bring myself to take Mumford and Sons out of the CD player in my car...
I had a really suckish day!:(
RT : I forgot to be attractive today. //
wishing i could grow a beard
you all told me to turn it up haha
1 minute in, had my first wtf moment.
Hi Paris! Are you apartment hunting in Chicago?
rivers on bye so freeman Dalton or asmith?
"If you have nothing to die for, you have nothing to live for." Do you think this statement is true?
hahahahha (: well I'm going to sleep night sis :D
Best day with my boyfriend <3
That is very cool. I've talked my way backstage to many shows. Not VH, but I would like to! :)
So I see there are 2 job fairs in town today- they both ended 3 minutes ago. SMH
Our body is a machine for living.It is organized for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered-Tolstoy
Also I just got to see , and FINALLY meet spike...who should really have his own twitter account. <3
So high
What do you consider most alarming? A mosque at Ground Zero, or the burning of Korans this weekend?
is Angel feeling better?(:
Hello Summer!
Davy Jones died today. Seems the 60s icons are departing
Tramp stamps at least 10x national average, for sure.
Two more weeks of school for me! Slowest weeks of my life...
Also, will you ship me? #301999 im the one in the profile pic :) xox
Austin i love you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
also ad me to face book under Dawn Reese Show
hehe. Yes, sharing the love!
About to go to sleep awkward was amazing tonight <3 night everyone sweet dreams
If you didn�t get a negative reaction, that means you�re standing neutral and you have no point of view
Any reason why we're being punished not TREATED to Swagger & Gabriel? WTH?
Wish this damn coughing would stop its annoying!!!
Can Detroit make it a Trifecta for the #15 seeds tonight?
Both readings work: "Let them eat cake" & "Let the meat cake"
This is really cool.Thanks for sharing it!
wow you do it all. thanks for the follow.
On with my day
The roomies are gone so I'm doing Insanity in the living room WHILE watching Game of Thrones.
Klingons say a lot of stupid things.
Not me.
"looks like an indefinite relegation for Woodall and ..."
I dont want to get out of bed;P
it's all good that's only a few peoples opinion . But what's it to you if you don't acknowledge it . You feel me !
yoo what's up
Love is everything. It is key to life, and it's influences are those that move the world.
1ST O.J SIMPSON GOT AWAY WITH MURDER BUT LOST EVERYTHING IN THE CIVIL TRAIL ... LITTLE CAYLEE IS LOST FOREVER .... OMG ...
Watch vid. of congr. brief: how states fleece #foster children and thieves steal their identities: www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXcA6szUE
Floor decided to allow one more player enter past reg time. Totally sazzled the guy at my table who bet the under on 100 entrants.
There's not one thing beautiful about them:)
Feeling happy, excited, grateful...
Trying to shake this feeling but sometimes its difficult, idk what to do... this mcflurry craving is probably going to win
For what it's worth, your blog is excellent. I get excited when I see a new post from you.
Your Twitter SN is one of my faves. I like
cant be that bad...
But I am your biggest fan... See it's not so bad now is it?
Our ribs today were marinated with pineapple juice, jalapenos and cilantro. Come get your Carribean Jerk Ribs ready now.
ohmygod, I've been able to download Chrome to my work machine this whole time!
For a minute thought you were giving a #fashion forecast. “: Go green! Go white! Go Orange! #michiganstate #Syracuse #NCAA”
he does, I'm sure! :D
Holy shiskabobs Batman I'm fckin wasted :)
#mets in trouble #SFGIANTS gunna take this game..
MISS YOU!
I will tweet the next tweet at 9to5 time ... I hope folks grinding will see it so that they can discuss it Real time .. Better Yet, Do It!
I lived in Europe and it was tough having constant overcast days.
you are so welcome!
Unless you were trying to fix the toaster. My Maw made me buy her a new toaster, as well as a new fork.
I admire your dedication!!! I'm lucky if I can get myself to walk to the car in this cold, let alone run 9.5 miles in it!
Occupy West Hollywood with us tonight! Bring signs.
RIP Patrice O'Neal
Are you a cool cat or just a tough guy? Shoot the peace sign reversed & horizontal in front of the body. Tomorrow: excessive celebration.
LOL.... Ma'am my kids are getting it crackalacking and its only 10am O___________O lol
Text me!! I have to ask you something
I am the law, and the law says to take ur bad music off ur sisters cd u use hahah
This will be an interactive seminar, so remember to bring your laptops. Lunch IS provided.
After 3 months I will attest - IPHONE - best decision EVER.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Ok. Goal is to finish my planning in ONE hour, so I can go to bed early. I'm tired as heck today.
Well thank you kind sir! (:
yeah. sucks. did the fix hope it works. If not - deactivate.
40 pages in the application to MediCal? Facts from #lwv luncheon preso about health reform acts.
I didn't mind watching him stand there!
You're so right! Ugh!
Yummy Italian sandwiches for lunch with the artists prior to start of concert in half hour! Rehearsal sounded great!
Giants winning!!!!
has a lot of work to do after work today; plannin' my 26th Birthday Bash & workin' on gettin' another job! lol Here we go!!! lol
"Google Sites as a new design! Want to try it now?" —Sure, why not. Oh wait, now it's got tons of blank space at the top. Yay.
Its raining hard...again.
say whaaa? I've never had Nicaraguan food but apparently I'm missing out. Any recos?
hey man what was that site again? my twitter somehow misplaced that tweet..
if u know some1 who can raise money well let me know thanx votehenrybrim.com
Holy crap, if I didn't think it'd shave 10 years off my life...I'd drink 10 Dr. Peppers a day.
Translated: Girl, you look good. Won't you back that ass up?
-We are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Just got to the stadium!
that's great! We look forward to seeing you soon.
My inner child is extremely happy after seeing that lol
From this day forward, I'm only gonna smoke on the days ending in the letter "y".
#ChuckNorris floats like a butterfly and stings like a tomahawk missile...At mach 3...In the face.
Can y'all plse follow my other twitter account itz if u follow ill give u a solo S/O
same its amazing <3
We've got our full brunch menu available, right now! On a Friday! In the middle of the day! Plus, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, and espresso.
Wondering what the hurricane will bring to Manhattan...
Breaking: is proposing #WDNR become a "charter agency." Permits will rain from the sky. Goodbye science.
": I swear life is so much better if you just love yourself"
no! Go #Broncos!
Opening: Director of Compliance! Must have technical proficiency in all bank regulatory matters and 10 years experience
Paul Heyman is on Raw!
about to destroy healthy food from Aladdins.
not to mention the NBA refs calling their own timeouts...whats that about?
How much better our world would be if each of us respected difference until difference doesn't make any more difference.
#cabernet and #semillon fans - check out our friends at and their Ghost Gum tree!
yeah house cup. Just not august 11th. We have beer fest in Madison :-)
Every day you should ask yourself : "What can I do today, better than I did it yesterday?" Excellence is action, not the result of action.
So, in other words...don't look at me crazy if I say hi before I blow by you ;)
“: You may not take a picture of a rabbit from January to April without an official permit. (Wyoming)” damn right.
You are my holder, Your hands they mold me...
Scheduling #photoshoots for Fitness America in Vegas. No session fee! Contact me to book or questions
single: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen. that being said..(insert woman in kitchen joke here)
you like..."oh yea..can work with that...." But lurking BENEATH THE FRAME OF THE CAMERA...... :X
#HappyNewYear We wish everyone a very happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!
Longest two weeks of my life
I notice that patients walking around the hall make everyone nervous, but patients should be walking around the hall, not laying in bed.
burned 243 calories doing 46 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
... urethra into the bladder instead of being ejected externally from the urethra.
you go to vsu?
I'm a Saints fan, but they got what they deserved. Maybe the rule is BS, but they were arrogant and directly dishonest about it
And I guess Adele is better than Beiber?
WORD UP!!!
Trying is failure with honor.
They treat the ladies like queens #primal tonight
^The disciples asked him, “Why then do the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come first?” Jesus replied, “To be sure, Elijah...
I wish I was there or you were here or we were anywhere together.
y i always gotta be sick :[
done! if u haven't already, go follow , , and , then plz do!
& I'll do a lot of crowd watching. my experience at Grimes was not pleasant…a lot of people seemed upset about it (though it was AMAZING)
Today is moving so slow.
Congratulations MT : The other best paper was awarded to Ray R. Larson and Krishna Janakiraman
Are there any practical ways for single or dual flight operational designs compared to say gyro-copters or wearable modifications?
She getta bunch of money, spend it all on drugs. (;
Buying new equipment is always fun!
Let's start with starting times of day first. What is ideal for HS/MS/LS kids? Once we establish that how do we build from there?
to nap or not to nap...
nothing i was just on their myspace and it reminded me. blhehehaslfsehse
Gas fueling huge fire in So. Mpls. Turned off. Will carry a news conference soon. Stay tuned to FOX9 News.
I like the Use Twitter tip.
Guy:So u dont want to hang out with me cuz Im too needy? Girl:Ya. The fact that you are crying now isn't helping either.
allen stone/ push/pull/tear. BADDASS. Daughter turned me on to it.
His baby crying in his sleep lol
Yay we got into public school!
Ok so I was maybe the youngest person there but it was worth it. I hope I have half the energy Tommy Shaw does when I'm his age.
Enterprise Ireland, Irish Learning Showcase, Jay Cross presenting
itll e a lil bit breezy just took stage <3333 m n ugh i lose a battery i cant take pics :(
Wtf? THE STONE? !?!? Owell, glad he hung himself on a DMB note.
Boston loves you man!! Keep up the good work!! Follow BostonOnTheGo?
Why am I trying to see, when there aint nothing in sight
meet someone new then you get attached...
I had a moment of giddiness and excitement when I saw in my mentions; I thought I had won the orange tree.
looks like a great site!
i think it's Magee.
hierarchy then in the sense that humans have an evolutionary responsibility to serve as ecological stewards
Young Charles Darwin didn't like Butler's school. Did Darwin become a great scientist because he was bored?
Share with me the sun
Day 6 of Nona and the kids being in Ghuatemala. I think I'll shower today.
Same to you girl!
When a real man gets his hands dirty, he knws hw to wash them clean n deal with the consequences...
So who will I be seeing at Cincinnati Warped Tour?
ok, I may have alluded to #teamfollowback, but it wasnt a guarantee Bieber fan who cant speak english. No can do. Back 2 trollin4talent ; )
RT -> If #Aquarians catch you lying, it's done. They'll never trust you again. They may forgive, but the trust never fully returns
Mind in one place - heart in another.
Sounds great!
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties
Traditionally, hearings start with expert witnesses, and call citizens seeking to talk about the experiences later.
Can't believe and left #DWTS they were so amazing this whole season! :(
yet people are eating it up like candy.
Looking in the app store... no iBooks2 yet....
A senior's trick to meeting the 20-pg length requirement for my final paper = multiple, long block quotations
hey, im trying to unpack combofix and get at the code you use to install the cmdcons for xp. I'm making an AV cd and I'll trade.
haha yes, I'm originally from Hazleton, PA :)
Nope, as long as we also continue *doing*!
Hang tough, Maria! :)
You are RACIST because you are WHITE.
Thank you! RT : Welcome to Twitter by following them, #ROC folks!
It's Okay Not The Best
thinks the world of free ice cream
Life's a ride enjoy the trip and have no regrets when its done
If incentive comp is what you're looking for, you've come to the right place - COO Evan Ellis intros
oh boy. my hands are paralyzed. need dollar za at the black hole immediately.
Plus You Met My Mother Even If It Was An Accident .
RT Im IN RT : Let's make a deal. It's going to be 100 Thursday. If 100 people RT this then we'll give away 100.
Getting to see her was probably the best part of my day!:)
Happy First Day of Spring! What projects do you have on the list for this Spring?
My son came out of his room and got in my bed and fell back asleep
Hey people :p Follow me :p Tnx :p
Not looking at you - Im looking pass you
probably because you punched me
old christmas songs are soo short ...
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't sing at least one number from Cabaret.
#DesireThursdays I desire for each of us to locate a brand new- never before uncovered desire today- and savor it
I know! So much to do, so little time! In fact, assembling, stuffing and stamping wedding invitations tonight!
Who going to win the Super Bowl? Specyphi what you Believe....!!!!!!!
Me too! I may have caught up on sleep finally... RT : Still riding the good vibes from #505Stomp!
Good morning! Beautiful day! Overcast is my favorite weather :]
Embrace who you are!
I'm on..Don't see you though..
What Was It Like Being In The
You can do anything you put your mind to.
Get out and vote today, yo.
Everybody deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistakes.
I'm too clingy not to text back.
Yay! It will happen someday!!! :) I love the sound of RSS! :)
You need a cat. :/
Teaching 5 classes in one semester isn't as hard as it sounds. Keeping up with the paperflow from those 5 classes? Brutal.
Tune in ASAP www.radiosupa.com Co hosting live
Moms not picking up And shes not here for mothers day :( gay!! What do I do now?? 😔
Yeah I'm chillin' on a dirt road Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones
true story. “: Subtweeting about an ex means they have won.”
LOL when gets followed by ginger power twitter accounts
Looking forward to an incredible weekend. How about you?
Lol complete opposite
fiesta exhibition opens thursday... lets go!
.....he'll be next season" or "what the future holds". its a shame he was a pretty lame leader. didnt fill
Yeah, I heard about that...glad you guys got it fixed...even though we no longer have a ton load of votes! :( Oh well!
it's a trend, i hear.
When does the season start up again?
Why is it okay for India to launch a new missile but not N Korea? Stop with the double standards people.
If anyone gets any tweet from anyone stating rumors are being said or someone is talking bad about them, don't click the link or reply!!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Idk if I'm more thirsty than hungry or hungry than thirsty ...
follow and please :D x11
Ok... You should have pimp slapped the..... woman!
Can't wait 2 interview Helen owner of tonight!!
Working hard to obtain my dream and goal
Make sure to get to the tonight for the opening of "2 Nights of Carnaval!" Show starts at 9:00, tickets are $12.
oh we know what comes next...
thx for killer IT'S CASUAL w/ preview in for show Fri 5/4 hardcore, metal, mayhem, loudness
Today, we remember those that died on 9-11 & those that continue to be killed as a result of ongoing wars.
Mark Ballas' 'DWTS' blog: Double duty - Asbury Park Press
I love this song. I used to have this record. I think I might go download some.
Thanks for the Tweet love! I'll check out the Essential Ginger Oil! Have a nice weekend.
Thanks for coming in to Mizu for lunch!
my limited guitar skills are turning into a productive constraint
IT'S SO HAWT OUT ☀
[In case you wondered, cleverly-early father's day card inscription currently reads, "Thanks for being the Atticus to my S[cribble]." SIGH.]
Hey there!
it's says I'm offline but I'm really online
or drunk
It's cold as titties outside, can't even finish my cigg. # wasteful
The McMenamins one? That will be a fun vlog!
Sweet!!! I'll follow your pins :)
4 Things That Motivate Employees: Be generous with praise, Get rid of the managers, Make your ideas theirs, Never criticize or correct.
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!
Hooked it up with the brgr black & white malt tonight! Damn I love NY...
Protect your brand ! You can't be serving steak then substitute it with salisbury steak . Keep it consistent.
Big Bs,
me too bro.. And my skateboard was in there too
“: Big ups from Nashville killed the stage hip-hop is my <3 n killed it fa the lord >>>thanks fam! :)
#freakytweet she say felt lik I created a hole in her stomach..me: didn't know I was in ya stomach it all felt like pussy to me
Pretty little liars asdfghjkl
Thats funny enough. “: I'm knew to this tweet shit. Chatta”
Riot ceo Brandon is really engaged in their community, he's one of the top 0.5% forum contributors! says at
Is it just me, or are reCAPTCHA texts getting weirder and weirder?
i so wish i was downtown right now
I won't mention panda's
I think you are just what I've been looking for...what you think?
is Raelert bleeding or is my screen resolution just weird?
Thank you! for reminding me. My mahjong friends won't forgive me if I haven't seen this.
Yes! RT SPS_Hockey SPS 4 BBN 1. SPS goes on the road and scores 4 unanswered goals to start the season 2-0. Next game at St. Mark's on Wed.
Where did you have the brew?
The wealth builders club free training call was very exciting today. Join me for Thursdays call.
Just got the most amazing email from former student who thanked me for encouraging her to write everyday. She's graduating from law school!
I'm lonely, life is meaningless, for all that I have loved has left, and all that is left has no love, i wish for dreams, dream about wishes
Just blocked Do NOT need a tweet every few minutes reminding us to buy your useless merchandise!
I can't wait for May 1st. Just to put on some pads and hit someone!
We will be in Seven Hills tomorrow at The Fall Fest and Chili Cook-Off! Come check us out! W.greatlakesclothingcompany.com
well I'm prayin she sends it fast!
Quote: "A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." Mark Twain
So guess what ?!
Protesting is a great idea, but in light of the emergency situation in Lincoln County this move should be rethought.
Only because I want you to understand and like me! :)
I know who you are where you work and you better hope I don't find you!
is wondering why Joe Buck is so fixated on
VEN A URUGUAY PLEASE!
Crappy site says you don't know what you're doing. No site says you might not even be a Uxer; that's probably worse.
Rejection letter from #agent who looked so good. Eh. Goes with the territory.
to what song ?
Watching nfl live. Gets me pumped for football season!
Thanks Kelly! It was nice meeting you! You guys did some good work yesterday!
just had somone spill the entire contents of their water bottle in my gym bag.....full of ALL my clothes.....yay!
Super excited about the organic veggie CSA share I won today - thanks to for sponsoring!!
Being lazy...
Canada could develop a similar TV format to P&T's Fool Us! In the place of P&T we would have our 4 world champion magicians. Who are ?
You dont really want my heart
UGH. fml. i hate people. end of story. GOODBYE.
Whole Foods in Wexford got it too
S/o to smile
I ate too fast...now I feel sick >.<
it's no "Throw Deep," but it's aight.
Its my 3rd day back on Lexapro and I feel worse then before I started
Let's prep it out
:I know what you mean, young lady!
The amount of Dora product I purchase is questionable.
I know #TheBachelor was unreal but how was your #fundip ?
Trying to get Best Buy to deliver my washer is like the movie Brazil. " call the warehouse". Warehouse: "you need to call the store"
im in gen assembly a. Where r u?
Beatles Fact: The Beatles had sold 1M records by 1985 & had 21 #1 singles in the U.S. Enjoy the music...#RetroOnThePatio May 10th
oh cool (: ahaha
I'd err on the side of "I'm sorry."
Thank you! Will do~
thank for the mention. hava a great week-end!!!
yeah sure -anna
Its called "Brutally" Honest because it hurts.... now take those tears to someone who cares
Nice. Its going to be fun. We had dinner @ TH Lighthouse tonight btw. It's was delicious & a great view of bay & DT. Thank U
aww you are adorable! It makes me tear up sometimes too not gonna lie haha! :)
ill see what i can do. We'll need too. Try to track down Mr Wooten!
That was the best nap ever
Lots of sunshine and seasonable temps today around Central Ohio. It's going to get cold tonight... details in just a few minutes on 10TV!
I want her to read my mind !
True life in haiku.
“: Oh shit I'm really high yo”
in no way was that directed at y'all, I just meant that all these people are all of the sudden "life-long" Rangers fans
No untroubled day has ever dawned for me. ~ Seneca
Usher AND Will Ferrell on SNL tonight?? I think I just jizzed my pants.
Good luck for a safe race #SPEEDF1 , not a chance I'll make it to 2AM, thank god for DVR.
To anyone following me - PLEASE do not add me to any farms or Marcia's etc
it's these wireless cameras and router. There killing me!
#BayArea Families: Photographer debuts new #childrensbooks on baby animals in the wild tomorrow, 5/15 at 4pm
TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^
How the hell did i manage to lose all four of my chapsticks in this whole moving process
I know! And Beastie Boys reminds me of you and a few friends, actually. At least one song from when we were in h.s.
we are al about making dreams come true!
YES IT IS! My son Prince Wolfe Fluffay will reign when his father is gone HIAIL PRINCE FLUFFAY HAIL
lol I do that at the beach house cuz I hate making those stupid bunk beds -.-
ive been obsessing with stuck in the middle by four year strong lately
are paola & jenny really calling each other and not saying anything?.. well yolo
Why is this FUNNY to me!?! | “: Who woke up next to one of their followers?”
So damn excited! Leaving for Florida tomorrow morning!
There's a dalmation and everything. Neighborhood women are starting to congregate.
For a time, I tried training cockroaches to eat the stink bugs. The damned things didn't take to the lessons, though.
I also published my first fiction e-book this past weekend with another scheduled out by the end of August! Man I love writing! :)
Aw BABY!
Winky the cat is needing lots of attention today, lots of purring & eye squeezes, but spilling many beads!
been studyin for this test since 7 i betta pass
ah yes... the Truman Show and Groundhog Day are the same movie: escape = illusion, while living a #medialife = last day of Groundhog Day.
"Would you like to try our new Junkyard Dog?" "Umm no thanks that sounds pretty disgusting" omfg! xD
Stop by smoothie king after an organic body scrub to fill up and feel fresh from the inside out!
Another 5% for the Dow. Almost 7% for the Nasdaq. Should be a very exciting week.
Dorito Loco Taco from T-Bell be burning my heart with love
Ahahaa xD I wonder who that could be.
This is a fantastic way to recap #Luck: character IS structure. Also, more essays need to be written about Dennis Farina.
Someone I hardly know commented on one of my pictures on Facebook, saying "You look like you should be on the news." Oh, if he only knew...
I GOT MONEY IN THE BANK
Got sick so im going home
Stopping for a taco always makes me late.
#3wordsaftersex dam im married
No matter what you do or what you say, people will always start shit and talk about you in a bad way. It's life. Deal with it, and smile.
Watching COLLEEN, a 1936 musical starring Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, and (sigh...) Joan Blondell, with songs by Harry Warren and Al Dubin.
#TerrificThursday have a great day :)
Hey Browns fans, where you think Peyton Manning will end up?
hahahaha she needs to have more parties like that.
I know!! But the pool is worth it!! Plus it's month to month and no sign up fee!! Trade with me :)
good to know I'm not the only one :)
officially hasn't cal only taken UK to the final four?
Sometimes you should look foward to the future & forget about the past, because whats done is done & whats ahead is a mystery.
@ the Farm xD
“Do not...keep children to their studies by compulsion but by play.” - Plato
Thanks for joining me on Twitter :)
A cat food commercial made me cry..in my defense, they used a stinking marriage proposal and it threw me off.
What to wear what to wear??!!
eat u out till u wet the bed.
Picking up my wife then getting out of the cold.
I still listen to ELO.
Deuces Boston!!✈
IT CAME OFF! :)
So glad our crew from are back from #SXSW. Next time, we're sneaking into suitcases.
Great game 5 victory Red Wings. Let's get another victory in game 6 on Tuesday.
so worth it.
: "you never thank me for the bracelets i give yo so......" implying you didn't thank for the cd So your saying is revoked.
Instagram is finally out for the Android. IE people like me who can't afford to run an iphone
ok. i made a tumblr. now what
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
God has put way too many stupid people in this world just to test me
I could listen to only Mayday Parade for the rest of my life and be totally fine with it
": I tongue kiss her other tongue."-skeet skeet skeet water gun
The short and medium term goal for Africa is not to compete with China but to compete with foreigners in accessing African markets
Cat Fact: Domestic cat is the only cat to hold its tail vertically. Wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs.
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
Can I join?☺
pick up your phone!!
Very insightful today Biff. No sarcasm,The majority of this generation has fallen into the trap of "what society wants me to do"
BREAKING: market has strawberry lemon pistachio croissants today.
It's just about snack time. :)
That was a mighty fine cupcake. I had the Royale w/ Cheese I definately recommend. Can't wait until you open at end of Sept.
Who's in orlando come see me im here 2hrs lol
Wifi on the 2nd floor of convention center is nonexistent. Wish I could connect to virtual conference programs. :(
Thanks for the introduction. , Look forward to hearing all about the upcoming Miami photo-walk you have planned!
Had such a great weekend at the #XLCenter in #Hartford. How was everybody else's weekend?
are you showing the Dark Knight Rises prologue?
Such a lazy day. I just want to sleep...
for sure.. I'm just curious now watching the HL's and seeing his height what better franchise to learn from right now
mine sounds more like a cackle...>:)
Chase isn't even that good looking of a car... I'm just saying
. #UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
About to watch Sherlock Holmes and maybe Up in the Air, too.
Saw #RidleyScott's Robin Hood this week. Really great telling of the famous story. Thoroughly enjoyable.
EDM is Taking Over!
Excellent meal tonight at Publican Quality Meats...but very full. Can't believe I used to these types of dinners much more frequently.
really regretting not keep Hamilton as one of my keepers this year
I love all of your food pics! I need to join you on your food adventures!!
Thank you so much!
Whats the joke?
how is it tht wen i need a favor bitches aint there, but when they need sum they on mah doorstep in a min. fukk yuh too bitch.
Starting fresh on twitter
"I highly recommend buying this ring if you like things that are unique you won't be disappointed."
Will a lip liner serve as a pen? Sitting in the N'ville airport...heading to Ca
When I grow up I wanna be just like , but taller. #FollowFriday (via )
On further thought, you probably mean you're having a put it all together and wash your hands of it party, right?
bvt has been representin on ctp love, i must say. thass all you girl. all you. ps YOU come HERE. i'm in knox this week, dang.
Check out these exhibitors at
LOL what a prank.
happy birthday Keith!(:
To all of the Katja Blichfeld TV intensive peeps: have fun!
Tomorrow is the day .. St. Ignatius.. were coming.
its never too late! ;)
Thank you!! RT : I just saw you on fox 12 news! Great job!
Fuckin gorgeous outside right now
Call my show the next time you hear something you don't like..easier to talk that way. Enjoyed the chat. Have a nice night.
Great great GREAT morning!
Pville power out. Not cool... literally.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!!!
sorry. And I don't anymore!
I hear ya there. But really, stay safe.
My herb garden is exploding.
RT OK, the Internet is awesome. There is a out there doing gods work.
some of mine won't even take a hint
Almost got 'doored' while running on Farwell. That's never happened before.
Can't sleep. APUSH college board exam in three hours. 😥
did we have Spanish?
We're open 11am-4pm today, T.B.A.G. specials & delicious galore!
Agree it can get tiresome. Especially in year 17. It's a tradition.
Far more upset than I should be over someone I've never met. Still feels like we all lost something. Capitalism lost a good one.
hugs...from Florida
whip out and he'll run away cause she's an 👽
What's it like going to a birthday party with wine collectors and somms? Awesome, coming up Sunday but will make for a rough Monday!
: is the best for so many reasons.
Up next, How To Deal With Negative Word of Mouth with
yup! I got a combo for 25 bucks. It was a 6 ft pole and that reel.
Some of its recorded tho cuz how they show all them previews n idk
Marketing takes a day to learn. Unfortunately it takes a lifetime to master - Philip Kotler
RT : "I don’t write for children," Maurice Sendak told Stephen Colbert. "I write. And somebody says, that’s for children."
I tried. Didn't work....
Im tired of being sick. I'd rather be in school 😓
why do i keep getting missed calls from you? STOP CALLING ME.
ya same thang happened.. its Koo.. just has its days
“: Be the one who everyone wants, not the one who everyone's had.” 100% agreed
I am so lucky to have y'all
Yea Me to
and I should just not be friends
Sir, I officially adore your blog,.. I'm certain I'll love your fiction. Good to meet you.
yeah I know! Don't remind me lol
started putting together a new fiction piece over the last couple of days and it landed me straight in the realm of KISS cover bands. yikes.
Change Ppl make me sick
Web standards are important to all. We broaden our audience through respect of different styles & abilities thru technology.
RT - "The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination!" -Albert Einstein #quote #life (via )
graveyard movies tonight at 4am. VIVA LAS VEGAS plus WILD GUITAR. where else can you relax with a zombie and a double feature at 4am?
she's only opening up for certain concerts :) is also another opening act in other concerts.
haha i know, Its just for fun!(:
There is Power in the spoken words. The power of life and death is in your tongue. What you speak with total belief.. will happen.
I don't think you wanna no cause I think u wouldn't be happy
thanks for the reminder! i brought it today :)
It's crunch time for me. But for like 7+ weeks 😁
LOL, yeah, I should really put it on my CV it certainly demonstrates time-management and teamwork skills!
Hahaha woooot. Btw I was up all Night hearing things and people talking outside at 4 a.m.
I can't wait to be with you girls! And to finaly meet you, Mandisa!
Mad Men time.
Great! Hope the computer donations keep coming in!
well then. but mines better. you wouldn't have copied it if it wasnt and you know it. and oh Julie go home. 🏠😒
mad late... With dat info huh
That is very true, it's more a concern of political junkies, I don't think normal people necessarily think that way.
There are times when you wish you could help, but know you can only make it worse
i see
Congratulations to all the winners & everyone who participated in our Annual Antonio Meucci's Young Inventors' Competition!
It's "Shield Nickel Day" celebrating the 1st U.S. Nickel which was minted this day in 1866.
.I saw itz
Okay, so I got an iPhone...can I be cool now?!
goodmorning to you!
Who cares if we're all morally bankrupt and they've taken our liberties, as long as we have a few dollars in our pockets?
Happy 2nd anniversary of the Serve America Act!
You're welcome. Keep up the good work :)
Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!?
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 6
I love your hair in your profile pic!
ping me if interested RT “: Getting Shit Done. The #SWRedmond meta-pitch. Building the team before the idea.”
I really don't want to deal with this right now, shitty night.
I loved it. The food is really good and the service is excellent :-)
Good practice today. Only a couple herpdederp moments at shortstop. Good swings.
Sorry I didn't get your call at 2:30 in the morning haha This old guy was in bed
Maui Chinese New Year is Sat. Jan 28. Year of the Dragon! The lion will be here sharing goog fortune for all! 12,000 people to attend!
Good morning. Happy Easter!
I been Great How bout u?
clique dynamics are too fun man
RT RT : Closing Prayer: God, my comforter, grant me your peace that I may find rest and renewal in you.
Not going anywhere are you??!!
All day, I've been grading the worst kind of essay revisions: the ones that ignore 30 errors to fix 1… and create 3 more.
...i got yelled at so much today it was ridiculous.
Love your Pic!!
I agree. you should be on the platforms that your audiences is using, right?
Pisces: You may be feeling stress that arises from your unrealistic desire to avoid ... (via )
Lazy Saturday...
I agree
i just saw two guys that looked EXACTLY like Josh Hutcherson and Liam Hemsworth so im like 'HOLY CRAP THE HUNGER GAMES IS FILMED HERE?!'
Rolling Stones on repeat. Who's with us?
hey I just saw your message...feel free to spin our tracks.. thanks man
WE SHOULD GO
Graduating in June 2012? Don't forget about the MANDATORY Career Services Grad Seminar! There's one today - May 16 @ 3 pm, Room 254
is a bitch for winning those hamburgers in TV production... I ain't gonna lie, though. He had a pretty funny video. >->
doing "The Last 5 Years" tonight and tomorrow night! it's now one of my favorite shows...great music!
Jen from MTV real world and challenges used to be hot to me.. kinda boring now, lol
Today you can solve a problem or create one...Let's GO
What was this week the week for hit and runs?
Really great REAL people to #FF:
Ha ha. Very soon :-)
Listening to the awesome Philip Glass piano album by
Saw an incredible block of documentary shorts, perfectly paired; kudos to ! Plays again tmrw
Finally! + works with my Sony Bravia TV!!!
Can't wait for summer
tweet please follow me btw ilove your page
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke
Jersey shore reruns
So when are you guys heading home?
RT I think you can make $ improving hc or by maintaining status quo. should call out the latter
Thanks for the follow and What makes you tweet?
At the W Hotel on Lex - taking a time out!!!!
0 Awards honor excellence in leveraging SaaS technologies
thanks everyone for following our page, if you guys need anything at all... we are here to listen and give the best advice we can.
Andre The Giant isn't sure that word means what you think it does...
#SXSW has taken over #ATX, but is any one checking out any gallery exhibitions this week? Whatchu up to
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! Thank you for being such a great supporter of Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas!
Luv it! “: R u food lovers following ? There's a super crew behind that app who just wanna share good eats with u!
referral partners R "icing on the cake".. The cake is my BIZ (dbase, blog, lead gen....) & working it hard evry day
Everythings a dollar
Heck yes! I played that all the time when i was younger! I'll come play with you (; hahaha in my dreams! :D x
Kick some ass Olivi! I'll be watching (I'm forcing everyone on the cruise to watch too - even the old people).
provided the awesome, delicious lunch and PDX provided the sunshine/vitamin D!
I normally don't drink..but what the heck. This is your night baby. *pecks your cheek*
Been riding all morning. My legs hurt. Lol
Brandon Marshall to the Bears and Randy Moss to the Niners..... Which move is better?
We support local radio stations (7 in fact) not shows/personalities/comments etc.
Generally speaking I speak generally.
thanks John- a really goof laugh. Did you ever work for a guy like that?
We all are #Beautifulpeople !
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Like RT : Well, when is getting an #sxsw showcase? Think of the brand awareness via twitpics we'd get!
Declared that 's spirit animal is Bam Margera.
My next car is going to be a foreign biotch. I don't discriminate..no not at all..
Cigarette after sex oh yes
Bulldogs run by Blue Streaks
Some quotes from the physio yesterday: 'you're body is quite weird', 'normal people can reach 12 inches you can only reach two'...
We've got a plane full of librarians here. Do you think they'll make us fill out ILL forms before deplaning?
Pead did not dominate Big East enough for our #s, plus FUM as SR and inj. are concerns ... I'm personally rooting for him.
Enjoying my lunch outside.. . ☀
I cannot Like posts, cannot Comment, cannot Update Status. In other words, everything is completely unresponsive.
The SD River isn't the place to dump linoleum and foam insulation. What we put in the river washes out to our beaches & bays
Good to meet you too - def. lets connect some time!
GO RAMS!! RT : Say it loud. Say it proud.
o so that,mean u can tweet me all day,lol
Going to job shadow! This should be fun!!(:
ReachLocal to Present at 40th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
On my way to the Ted right now. Anybody know what kind of delay we'll be looking at?
The whole upstairs of my house smells like New Car Scent...just because i left one of those damn air fresheners on my dresser.
Dave Chappelle's picture is perfect. follow , its actually him.
Hi Stuart! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
things are always easier said than done :/
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Berry Chill - Dessert (live updates)
Your Welcome!
I'm only 6 followers away from 700. which means I'm only 306 away from 1000, which means I'm only 999,306 away from 1 million
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
you need the practice
good still waiting for yall to come down to west palm beach with a concert
YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal, and YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal .... YOU'RE ALL GETTING VULNERABLE ANIMALS!!!
Nolan's growth as an action director between Begins and TDK was staggering. Less shaky cam and better pacing of scenes.
Guess its timee to skip Plan A & Plan B ... and str8 to Plan C
almost there!!!
ha good one. Great musical. Keep 'em coming. I've Decided I'm going to doc my reconnecting w/pop music sensation "hanson"
Power does not reside in the individual but rather in the relationship of the person.
Laws aren't only found in statues and constitutional enactments. Laws are also set by precedent. There are even unwritten laws.
Not that anybody cares, but I have nothing nice to wear to work then go straight to dinner w/o looking like a haggered grump
you're so cute
Success is what I'm made of.
I wish you were here
Hanging out, talking about 's mustache. Despite never having met
dont be afraid to erase old cute text messages. if he's truly special, he will never grow tired of sending you those same ones
Contact D30 today for all ur promotions & marketing!!!
Actor Cliff Robertson died yesterday of natural causes a day after his 88th birthday. He was Uncle Ben in the Spiderman movies.
me too, fwiw, but it's a losing battle :)
#nowplaying .. Madonna feat. Nicki Minaj - I Don't Give A ..
I was kidding .... u know how they save all the dramz for the after show? It's like they milk the show for all it's got
I wanna cookie. Yes, that's a feeling ^_^
Have you seen their breakfast menu?? We've been craving it all day...we would settle for a taco though!
Good morning! “Take action in order to move toward your goals.” - Les Brown
I have a nice house. A nice car. A amazing family. Heck, I have an amazing life!
I need greasy pub food tonight. Perogies in a sandwich, deep fried in chicken wings. Nope, I'm not pregnant.
my mom said thank you:)
Home from work today, sick. Any miracle cures out there?
I think you're scrimshawed on the backs of my eyelids.
get your 1$ breakfast sandwich coupon ampm !! M to much good stuff
LOL oh my.. name rank and serial # huh
Writing about internal comms best practices for an article on change mgmt. Looking for pros to interview. Reach out if you're interested...
Woke up in the night thinking there was a bug on my face & freaked out. ACTUALLY my nose stud slipped out of place. Now I've gotta find it.
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers. ~Mignon McLaughlin
Checking out the fabulous talent over at Reverbnation!
Glad you enjoyed your lunch!
#Nuggets must ATTACK ATTACK ATTACK!!!
#Wondercon is near. Con pet peeve: "Geeks" who rave about playing #Zelda. Every mother fucker with an #NES played that!
no u want her to have big every where
Seems like an odd time of the year to be shooting off fireworks but apparently, somebody who lives nearby doesn't think so!
just presented to the Career Prep Fellows at the Management Leadership for Tomorrow Conference at the Target HQ today
I love celebrity news as much as the next guy, but paparazzi really need to get a life and a real job. Leave people alone.
How does twitter? Sometimes when I open the twitter app, I start at the top of everyone's tweets, other times I start 25+ tweets down
Ate great pizza raw food restaurant in Toronto. Oh and the raw pumpkin pie was unreal. Have it with the raw ice cream.
Roy Hibbert bout to get himself paid huge money if he keeps playing like this,
Why is it that only French people and very old people like me?
Haha, you are hilarious:)! Aw thank you ma'm:)!
Everyone knows that cats crave grass. Instinctive Choice canned cat food contains dog grass extract.
The Weather Channel app is not on my good side. I've been burning up on runs bc it thinkgs it's far colder than it really is. Not ideal.
I still can't believe that Baylor is still seated
Wasted excitement for HBO tonight, Kermit lost pre-bout with the horseshoe cut, and Alvarez still not the deal, Kirkland savages him!
#girlbyenotwiththem tims you got on with shorts!
I sure hope so. The Clippers are mighty unlikable. RT ": This series is over. Grizz ain't losin in Memphis."
wait i love men hacked by jacob peirce hacked by Kodi
Nope nothing like it especially when your grandson is on the league - makes me miss my little sunshine
haha yeah sorta.lol..yeahh it is but i like dangerous minds more,its one of my favorite movies! hahah.(:
First night of the year sleeping in summer shorts! Buh-bye winter pj's!
Hi Mr. Kerry Douglas! Good to finally meet you on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
Good turnout for Dublin crime meeting after string of robberies...we'll hear concerns from biz owners at 11
"You are what you eat" ...Thats funny, I don't remember eating a legend lately..” YOU ARE A LENGEND :D
we love you...
Phantom of the opera with my baby <3 he actually likes it
Thanks for follow-back. Actively opposing guns in bars, and many gun-related articles on my site.
Half off dinner this Mon & Tues @ Clifton Inn.
My neck is killing me too tonight. I'm just gonna go on and stay up til 7:00 put my video tape on then sleep. Can't wait to see him.
They thought it was pretty cool to watch. Haven't braved it enough to go outside. It's damn cold out there!
I don't know why I even bother to try and nap. My phone rings off the hook and I'm a dumbass that won't turn it off in case of emergency.
Composer, singer, director, choreographer and UCLA Regents' Lecturer Meredith Monk will be at UCLA for a weeklong residency...
Hitting a few games in June, thats when I'll check out casino too! RT
Hah! We used to try playing differently and then got the betting game. It usually results in more pies for me...
did you just watch the "unbearable lightness of being?"
Lol. Its easy (;
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jawaharlal Nehru -
just did an audition for a michael bay produced ad for LG Transformers...awesome!
Most definitely!:)
not right now because im still talking to him ...
City Liquidators is looking to hire a new person for our office!
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
Start your day off right with breakfast from Wit a Schmear & earn an additional 20% #cashback reward on any purchase on Mondays!
Happy Birthday Francis Ford Coppola.
This is pathetic
It's gonna be hard, but I gotta let him go </3
Nice roundup, and thanks!
You are the wind beneath my wings NBAPlayoffs
That's a great photo. 3 of my favorite ppl. The man who inspired to do music & 2 others that helped 2 formulate my style. GOD bless
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
Speakin of speed what happen to my cash:-)
www.Twiddla.com: a free collaborative, no-setup, web-based white space to mark up websites, graphics, and photos, or brainstorm online.
Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet
thanks for the follow....keep tweeting
Shes got what I need.
MT : Employers here in ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers. Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C.
Ultra bored, its saturday.. I shouldn't be home.
excited to network with PR professionals tonight at the mixer
Always and forever :D bitches just be trippin for no reasonn
Where's the snow, yo?
That means a tremendous amount to me. Thank you so much :) Very kind of you!
Nothin Much, Just Workin On My Story :)
Wearing your seat belt is so uncomfortable. No wonder why I normally dont
my best friend was killing it in the basketball game 2 day!!!!!! Ayyyeee!! Gold 4 the girls, black for the boys!!
Damn i hope ur alright rae!?
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit."~Aristotle
so ready for you to be here already!!! <3
RT : Working at The Sailor's Muse today w/ Having a hard time finding lezbo music to listen to. Help
I see that our former goalie just signed a contract extension with St. P.
You do you are the light when every things dark. When all else fails I look at you. You are a knight in shining armor. (cont.)
why is it weird again? Lol
Yeah, that happened to me on Sunday, my mouth just DROPPED!
A jet ski would've been a more efficient mode of transportation in LA today.
Happy Birthday Heather J!
lol you just stoped talking but you can come back in
Northstar is my favorite band. Perfect music, always.
Hey sweetheart Ariana♥ How are you? So good to read your tweets everyday ! I love you so much♥
RT : Positive Vibes &amp; Good Energy.
Never violate the mother lion of a vicious cub. At all. Period.
Invite received. Thanks again!
IM ON SOME OTHER SHIT! (PLIES VOICE)
let me try to unfollow someone and try it again
you should go to the pound and rescue one, buying dogs from breeders is lame
haha. they are overrated & awkward, i don't blame you
that makes so much more sense in my world view. That's awesome.
Maybe that will stop the bunting. Probably not, but maybe
Dearest karmau if u could "do ur thang" to the person that hit my car parked on the street that would be great, even better if I could watch
it would probably be my most prized possession.
◊ You mean what about other people's samples? There were two others stored with Braun's I hear, both tested normal.
i kinda miss it
Ready for the circus to move on
Finalizing stuff for the week ... 3 day weekend!
One of the originals. You clearly missed the point.
It's the perfect rainy LA morning for some tea.... I'm thinking high mountain Oolong.
Plan your holiday party with Send us a DM!
Reichman concerned that fair use may be taken to the WTO. That has been a threat for years. I think it would pass the test.
excellent! We are delicious ;o). Looking forward to meeting you. We love all of our customers.
you shouldn't judge maybe he has back issues
Pretty sure you would just transfer that worry onto something else.
haha no its fine! i don't really care I have told him a million times I'm not going #crazykid lol
just keep following people!!!
just came to check up night guys :)
Just played basketball without Can't wait to play him next
RT- I bet at least knows how to spell -Who cares ya fuckin fag eat shit and die
rule of law; freedom; human rights; dignity; justice and equality for all Egyptians. Are you willing to put that down on paper?
Today's Pizza of the Day is Chicken with Tomato, Basil and Garlic Cream Sauce. Just $12. Free Toasted Ravs if you mention this Tweet.
I've liked every one I've used. I've lost several. So just find one that comfortably fits your hand and pocketbook. :-$
Who knew that is from Rochester? #worldcupfinal Via Her brothers bar must be going wild!
Skyward I meant
...OMFG..I JUST JIZZED I LOVE IT!!
All of us only have so much sand left in the hourglass and one day our sand will run out. The time to risk is now and the great ones know it
you got it! I'd love to see you perform again!!!
i guess romney's advance team didn't get that gen election memo MT : RT : Christine O'Donnell here at Romney DE event
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and coach mcmac or whatever
Most of the people I know crave attention but end up embarrassing themselves trying to get it
LA County Fair was a lot of fun.
im watching the happening for the first time.
Watt'age in the house at Reliant Stadium! Can you feel the electricity in #Houston!?
I love this!!!
It's Tuesday again!! LADIES Night @ LIMA 1401 K. ST. (LADIES 21+=FREE B4 12 on Katie's List) TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
this peanut butter is making a fool of me
Thank you for the mentions! Enjoy making it an awesome Monday!
Eager to read yours: MY LIFE WITH STELLA KANE.
Everyone looks hotter with a better smile :) 212-265-7150
Enjoyed speaking with you!! Thanks for visiting DC! Love the Show!
The pre-sale is on... will you get tickets before the show sells out??
good for you..You do look great:)
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Terrorists planning to use innovative plastic and body implanted bombs aimed to avoid U.S.DHS and TSA detection, according to U.S. gov't.
ouch! If I see jalapeño bananas on women's faces all day, I'm blaming you.
your not wasting your time bud
Ouch! Hope the drugs do the trick but remember pain killers and Twitter don't mix!
"Army of Darkness" is an imperial stout that just recently released. (Like, yesterday.)
Just watched "Eat, Pray, Love" FANTASTIC! should be called Eat, Pray, Drink! 597 bottles of wine were consumed in the making of this movie.
New outreach to Las Vegas coming this May!
There's something about men that drive trucks ;*
Has anyone else noticed the racial undertones in the new #snapple diet half'n'half commerical? Just me?
Isn't it like almost 3? LolRT i'm bored
@#HowToSurviveAHorroMovie Don't be black, having sex, or blonde.
Can I at least give you an awkward hug?
I feel terribly uncomfortable right now..
m! What varietal?
Among NL teams, the Giants have the lowest BA. against Wolf (.217).
RT : Just saw The Lucky One. Can I be the lucky one to have Zac Efron in my... boat? Hahah inaprops!
not if the kids are unable to explain what they're getting checks for-as was the case today in the class I saw!
Prices for the same cartridge can vary between different retailers too, so it pays to shop around
I think I have drag Momma ...
- Take o'brien to the empty trophy cases and tell him he can be the first UW QB to get crystal ball!
This is the first time I've seen the today show in probably 8 years.
That was such an awesome night for a ride; the beer was good and I met some new friends at Joy Machines too, Ohio City was jumpin!
Wow! You inspired a million people with one video AND you gave me the best cry I've had in a while. THANK YOU!
Treat me the way you expect to be treated
Listening to Michelle Obama's horrible rendition of emotion makes me gag. She lies!
Demsey's is on fire!
I hope those squirrels are dead wrong!
Having NFL network for Thursday night games is cool, working Thursday evening is not...
Tranexamic Acid spray STOPS bleeding on contact – you should have a bottle on hand this summer! Call 412-681-6400
Who wants to be my 500th follower? Just one away.
hopefully!! And it will happen for you too 1 day ok! :) <3
Relatable, humble, patient, & have their best interest at heart
That feeling u get when u finally listen 2that beat just rendered & it sounds perfect!
RT “To those who lean on the ever outstretched arm of the Infinite, life is big with limitless possibilities.”-Ernest Holmes
Since when did you have a twitter?!!!
Sounds great to me! Hit me up with what you think.
Frequency with which I hear abt doing spin classes makes me concerned he's going to leave #NewGirl to be a spin instructor.
I kept it so real witcha that I was blind.
What do you think of our #Non-Tip #Hookah #Stands? We'd love your feedback!
I put Ray on all the best restaurants in Lansing 😁 I'm amazing
You find out who your friends are...
I like #instagram! Mainly cause I LOVE pictures and capturing the moment
I've been here 30 some years and almost have a good grasp of the mother tongue. ;-)
Happy Monday all...visiting Marvin Colon in Orlando, Florida setting up networking events...www.marvincolon.com check us out..
Advertising now is more targeted by determining who is viewing it -- tailor the copy and images
ME ME ME ME ME OVER HERE ME!!!!RT : #24HOURS #BOYFRIEND who's excited ?
I hope I get to work with Dre one day just to freek his ass out... Since people say I look like pac.
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all!!!
Need help finding a rental? Give Tony a call @ 775-826-1414
I'm starting to think of my post-graduation days as a promise land where I get to read what I want to read.
& VIP party at starts now!
This is the jam... Yep. Just said that out loud...
lol top of what?
That Polish was delicious, and your music was also wonderful. I love Social D.
I am on the cusp of making custom art card sleeves, and I would love to make some with the Team Unicorn logo.
Ill be sure to think about that while at work today...
Hope to see all of you showing up at CREAM STEREO LOUNGE tonight its gonna be madness come check it out in Scottsdale.
Catering by #GoddessandGrocer really hits the spot. The chopped salad dressing? Divine.
oh I know. is having major issues about it right now. The game is everywhere in Westport EXCEPT the Beaumont.
shuttle plane just flew over dc. cool view from the office in Tyson's.
glad to see u r swinging back to Tigger:)
Idk how this boy talking and he anit got No teeth
Determination and Perseverance is the key to success, I'm on my way ain't no turning back now
New day, rain & grey, inspiration held at bay...come back sun rays, don't wait to many days
Why is there a Madagascar 3?
With 9% unemployment, Obama 100% backs 50% of a pipeline that gets 0% of oil to the gulf.
I was asking Becky who to call and she called Facilities on our behalf. Hopefully it will be cleared b4 tonight.
"#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Milfs over everything" only at nova my mans hahaha
Hope you're all having a wonderful winter break! What're some of your holiday plans?
Help others this Holiday Season. Tell us about your cause and let us share the message.
Another long day
same here when I hear testing I think BLAAAAAAHHHHH :-)
#England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
I just want some for the house. Party of one! lol
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.~ Vince Lombardi
Drink in my cup >>>
Going to testing center to sit for VCP5 test
Thesis: submitted.
The day the music died?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of the NKYSPORTS.com family. Turkey today, high school football tomorrow!
You're welcome! RT : Thank you so much for the tickets! I received them yesterday and was very happy :)
Fire alarm testing all morning. MAKE. IT. STOP.
That was stupid granger
They bring us no peace... :[
i heard Ice-cream makes Californians poop.. is that true?
My cuz posted this and I had to copy and paste..."Black church, Y y'all trippn now? You don't trip at the weekend musicals do u?...."
hell yeah
Dear Warner Bros. CUT THE BUDGET if necessary, S5 can be John Noble reading a phone book in the lab for 13 episodes!
Diamond chains black range double cup no stains..
BIG shout out to for the great Honor Flight meals.
Redemption Choose to write your own Comeback story You're not alone
I can't Sunday. I'm entertaining out of town friends. I might be free tonight. Dunno yet!
officially on twitter. anyone wanna tweet me or ??
I'm killing the planet one flight at a time.
Maybe you're not lying. I just remember I picked the Kings.
Thanks to and the lovely Mavris for one of my fav nights in Indy
with drinking and watching #whitneyhouston videos.. I have nothing!!! RIP!
Dyson is super creepy about cleaning.
4-H. We do a lot of volunteering.
Um good morning!! I just saw Luke Perry as I walked in to intern at the acting studio just a moment ago! Still cute, but not 90210 cute!
Looks interesting. #Detroit history deserves some docs.
My chemistry class is the worst ever. I have to write a paper before 2 today and clean my room by 2. Oh yeah. This is going to be fun.
When you have pit stains on a shirt.. I think its time to throw it away... nasty
I don't really be on here boo
Just had a great meeting and visit with the retired teachers from Elkhart County. Thank you for serving students!
I had the worst lingering headache since early this afternoon. Late night Chinese just fixed this! I hadn't eaten anything all day.
Finally home after a long week. My baby girl is so strong. So proud of her.
Video blog alert! Watch , and I take a first look into the steamer trunk
so excited to be going out to #CA World 2011 in Las Vegas next week! Come see #FiberLight by the
Hearts on Fire! Rocky 4 must be on. Classic
Just "stuff". And maybe an empty public building. MT: What are libraries without librarians? - #harvarddebate"
Unfortunately, they love my screen door.
And I wanted to marry him RT : When I was in high school, I wanted to be Lloyd Dobler SO bad.
Dishing out W's and ass kickings!!!
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Russian Circles - Riot Room Jul 03, 2012. Yes please.
RT : Less than a week after 's old label Roadrunner basically shuts down, she raises $360k on Kickstarter
...Frick. I still need to finish both of my books. I need time!!
I understand completely!
Thanks, Sean. Go Mariners!
You're very welcome... Have a great weekend!
thanks for your follow
Great photos/view! Where at the airport were you to see it that close?
Ok, off to retrieve the boy child from football game. I hope they won, at least....and that we get to have a leisurely Saturday morning
Addicted to Turtles!
Oh, me neither. It's strange trying to connect with folks on here sometimes, definitely different from anything else I've used.
We are excited to be at the #ASCD12 conference this weekend in Philly! Come by Booth 249 and say hello!
WHO?!?! just in case my gal is no long at Krimson. speaking of - i need to book an appt soon & we should get coffee the same day
Staff is digitally divided - and have their own misconceptions about ye Internet.
#Congrats Greg! RT : My daughter Hayley graduates in 3 minutes
There is nothing I would love more then to see the girl I love on impressing us daily with her baseball knowledge.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it ~ Confucius
RT : I cannot eat just one donut...they are dangerous and addicting goodies :)
Merry Christmas Eve
boyfriend will kill me. Ha.
thanks! glad you liked the AR presentation and thanks for coming over to the City Archives
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talen
You weren't gulping down gin?
shout out to you fellow Yanks fan
Sure you can! Just wear a bib!
I'd totally give up money to play for their chicken salad sandwiches...
right! It wouldn't even be Criminal Minds without him. I wouldn't be able to watch it
I hate taking pictures. Is there a phobia for that? xP
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for attending & donating & being all around amazing! Bloody Brunch Holiday Bash 2010 was a success!
Oh neighbors, how delightful that little Booboo is outside all the time again. Still barky as ever, how lovely.
At the movies
7 more followers ? (:
Try instead a handful of Almonds, and some veggies/fruits. Quick, easy on the go, and from the earth
Thank you for the mention. What a joy it was narrating this book for Pastor Laurie!
Hi awesome work on the framenetwork ... Also one q, I noticed your lastname is it Polynesian?
our tech lead is sitting behind you
The true neighbor will risk his position, his prestige and even his life for the welfare of others. Martin Luther King
can you please go back to your moms uterus omg
I'm in Seattle and I go to ATL in the morning. But I think I just found out I gotta go to Shreveport, LA tomorrow too then back to ATL. Smh
SNAP BACK IN TO IT WE GOT EM NEW ERA SNAP BACK EXCLUSIVES
STAAR testing the rest of the week means library is closed. On upside, I'm a relief person for 2 days & should have time to finish BZRK.
add up all the factors You wack your twisted your girls a hoe your broke the kid aint yours and errbody know. Your own man say u stupid- DMX
you can thank my #bayer colleague Will H!
