RT this crack diet is paying off!!! lmfao but naw forreal changing what you eat and exercise is key!
My car mirror attacked me this morning & sliced my hand open. On a high note, I'm enjoying some banana cream pie yogurt.
You're welcome my EbrotheRRRRR
I want someone to hold me. 
why so hard to accept fact that players get tools to provide them with a non-NFL career they otherwise wouldn't get?
the barracks are chillin, they're right on top of the station
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
": Let's fuck on a bed of salty lemon paper-cuts." & contort on a bed of razor sharp spikes dipped in bleach.
Will u marry me!! :p haha! <3
In other news oomf is <<
hee hee - yes (had to do airplane mode right after I posted that, so just saw comment)
It's happy hour !!! $1 Olympia drafts, various happy hour food items, SF Giants game, what else could you ask for!!! Don't...
Listening to great stories from the latest SIFJ delegates from Japan. With and
Thank you participants. Congrats to , , and , winners of new iBeats. Rock on, see you next week!
": I over analyze situations because I am scared of what will happen if i'm not prepared for it." Story. Of. My. Life.
Thanks for following me! I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support! -Nicole
follow & ask for follow back.
Thanks, Mike.
I like to call it a "Love Fluff"
thanks for the love, !!
She's got you high and you don't even know yet. Why? Because she's a gifted drug dealer. My remix of the song. Ok I should stop.
because twitter wanted you to ask about it
that's been the best part of teaching at the past 14 years... ;)
tryna walk there?
I don't recognize most of the Cw or mtv shows.
the times I interviewed Ernie were great experiences. Loved his style .
Hm? Can't seem to figure out what was false Mr. Buchanan? I'd be glad to go over the reports with you or your staff in detail....again.
Thankyou for making me feel so welcome this morning on the "dress to impress" slot. A wonderful experience! Love Anne Curry : )
RT : The Supremes' decision was unanimous, it's being said. America looks a little uglier tonight.
is such a force of nature, he just makes seem like a genius... <g>
Possibly, might spend the evening making tweeks to Carl's Dinos instead.
I agree. The gripe with one and dones is second semester can be skipped.Sounds to me like whole season in jeopardy #vacated?
oh god no! All good I did her them, btw
I'll be in London tomorrow through the weekend...
A cure for pain - heroin, money, redemption, or love? Which would you choose?
fixed lots of computers and made our customers happy
Swag Swag on hunters
I am amazed at the proliferation of document storage and sharing solutions we've implemented. It is very hard to decide where to put a doc.
who do I start at flex rob gronkowski, Felix jones or percy
fantastically rode through the quarter and the marigny and am wet and caffinated and what an afternoon.
The system created by the two parties insures the political duopoly because a majority consensus & $$$$ needed for change.
Apparently they are looking to see if they can just have Byrdak's arm fall off.
I love watching grown men play with their shafts all day.
Question: What’s your definition of being rich? And what’s your rich ratio?
Good Morning Disney Fans! 79°F Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 96%
that's what they invented beds for. Look them up
where ya moving to
I never have a chance to tweet about crazy things that happen at work..like the girls who sang WMYB to me in the drive thru the other day.👍
Im loving this love making weather! ;)
I've never felt so hurt in my life
I’m the girl that always has her phone in her hands, headphones in her ears, and that one guy on her mind...
What got 6 thumbs up and will be ready for release this week? Ask
Killing zombies on Dead Island while listening to Never Gonna Give You Up.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 91
good luck. Sounds interesting.
Just ate an apple with a spiderweb stretched across the stem. Trapped inside was a dead ladybug: the most violent fruit I've eaten in awhile
Super excited to see kill it tomorrow with
same here bro just working on this project for the summer
I trade my soul for a wish pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this but now you're in my way .. yup
Great! I still don't know exactly what I want to say, but it will be geared to school librarians.
about to head out to the 2nd negotiation meeting--hungry but hopeful
New #dogthebountyhunter can't wait brah!!
just put the flash drive with everything on it through the washer and dryer - for the 4th time - and it's still okay
I'll join you for the last part of your sit
Sometimes when you create a COP only the low performers are attracted
Thank you :) it means a lot that you came to support me!
Could you please please please follow me, Or RT this.. please..
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. ☺
Dancing is like dreaming with your feet! ~ Constanze
nope nothing wrong...it will drop pending status once the offer closes later in week. thnx for tweeting out the deal.
I love u(: hope ur ok u wasn't ur self tonight!
my bad girl!
His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in this Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty. Now Look Who's Talking!
It's a nice ass morning
Wow! Just got up from nap and heard about Junior Seau. May he RIP. :(
LOL! I just saw my mistake! Yep, King Crab is on the menu tonight...
Take the time today to thank a woman who has made a difference in your life! #InternationalWomensDay Thank YOU
strong tea? Iron eggs sound like you need real strong teeth instead ;-)
Berlin is so cool. Can't wait to explore for the next few days. This hotel run by Camper (shoe company) is the cutest ever too.
,Thank you very much and i wish you all the best
So hungry right now!!
mad mex surly girl saloon
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. ~Benjamin Franklin
#TwSIG Lots of apps and tools to manage your Twitter feeds. TweetDeck is one of those. You can find new followers, see who is mentioning you
working on new Blackstreet Album right now
Everyone goodnight, happy dreams, (I DON'T WANNA SLEEP) I love uu...
bored -.-t
Dear NY Knicks: Can u plz have walk on try-outs to replace Baron Davis? He's bad on the eyes, and ps BD: Stop shooting just pass!
5 days before I was born; December 11th, 1967. So sad. He was so young!
I downloaded it the other day, but i yet to listen! Ill check that out soon!!
RT : "You can't medicate your way out of a bad diet" ~ Dr. Mark Hyman
How Much? RT : #ForSale: Somehow I ended up with an unlOcked iPhone 4 for T-Mobile. Someone buy this off me
Represent us well Mike!
So going to see titanic 3d with Friday
thanks much, Clair! Have been a little remiss there-- Tonight had insomnia- glad to pop in twitter and see u around!
yeah, something like that!
MIDTOWN Fall Town Hall Meeting Wed. Oct. 19 7pm Preston Hall - dessert reception, election of at-large Midtown board members.
And I'm very sore.
hey all... don't forget to check out our website www.drivethrustudio.com & tell me what you think? and please spread the word! =)
Bad thing about unexpected hospitalization: unexpected/unexplained bills now showing up in the mail are making me dread mail.
"I have opinions about whether #ag #policies are good & bad, and will share them." - Mark Muller
with happy ending I hope huge? Holland is freezing! -10 right now
I agree about raising questions, Ked. But that's the best kind of piece--provocative!
An interesting time to start...do you have your knowledge-base down...
dude my dream is to meet you in person :)
Do you want to give back? If you get it share it - our moto! Run 4 board positions - Exciting time to be social professional
Just heard someone order a "chili cheese Harvest burger." What's the point of that?
me too! RT : Socially constructed archives - I want more examples!
I know!!!! It's been so long since we've spoken!
that sounds so good!
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme Hotdogs! Add some tasty Onion Rings & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Its unique, Makes a promise, Delivers value.
Use your fuckin head
new Shadows Fall is sick
Hey Bill...Not particularly, mostly because I'm trying to get moving taken care of.
Semi-Live. connections issues. but for now mainstream a-z in T's with "The -" bands. enjoy.
Happy Birthday Lil Wayne ♥
So I may be thinking of moving to this side of the hill soon. This commute is killing me. I don't know how people do it.
Warm up the bus time! Send Marquette back to the great city of Milwaukee.
Wait List Ya'll.
I love the Camera
Wonder if I shud mess with it 2maro.
More Thx to our Followers!
I've never read Chuck. I should... I've mostly tried to work my way though classics through the years.
One time for the highest praise. RT :
ima be here all night uploading the video..it takes forever!
jorge: Gas station on 610 with lights on, full of cars and anxious customers, but no one pumping gas? We waited and waited but got nothing.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself doing what U love!
I don't have your number ): mines is 3058789319
Evans won with 29% of the vote... Just over 1/4 of the vote between 4 players. Clearly flawed.
Happy Saturday #Cleveland who are some local peeps we should follow?? RT
#ireallywant to go back in time and see 13 on broadway oh and meet Liz yeah #ireallywant both
HEY GIRL!
Mad Men watchers...what did you think of last night's episode?
Wish I was at #CES!
RT : are any of you going to Las Vegas in January <of course we will be there with bells on!
I hope I get a shout out wen I graduate boot camp lol
I love living here.
I keep thinking I am on Xmas break haha its good; where are you wokring, Posh?
Moderating tonight's discussion is founder and board member Dr. Ayoka Chenzira
You are too big for the life you are living...enlarge your territory
wee, all weekend BUT I'm pretty sure I'll be able to squeeze a Skype convo with one of my favorite people ever in there
Congrats on 50M phones and Jabber everywhere program! It was great seeing everyone at
sure; I usually do mornings before work on days I'm not working with my trainer :-)
People are so annoying
I actually copyedit for them, so I was reading your article pre-publishing. Good work! And small world!
you are clever! You got me lol
There are two important moments in life. One is being born, the next is having a reason for being born.
Chiana:Forget the sound of one hand clapping, try playing "fetch" alone.
oh I wouldn't even bother if it was $150 a shirt
That China Mieville, getting all edgy with the ampersands.
i chase chub :)
Tons of new follows from Trinity Middle School today...just wanted to say thanks to you all!
Lost Places of the Mojave: Photographs by UNLV Prof. Julian Kilker will be on display Dec. 2 to Jan. 22: bit.ly/vXpkey
no one likes trains more than john stilgoe. he says you might meet your spouse on one.
That was one heck of a great win!!
Hey happy people! Can you help us win today? Send us a photo of yourself saying "I am happy in __(your city)__ because _____." Thanks a ton!
haha yeah it is!
I have been to Mars and back. Probably met along the way buy them ;)
There are those who believe the ordinary rules of ethics do not apply to business. "Winning" business unethically is never good business.
Happy BDay to my Brother
Not looking forward to my birthday
RIP MCA Adam Yauch watching and listenin to stuff
GM | Work & Pandora Gospel Station flow
is it launched yet!! im so excited :)
Where's the cheapest Italian restaurant in Seattle?
I can relate, but isn't that reason in and of itself ;-)
5 Hour Energy drink is stupid. If you are tired, get more sleep at night and eat healthier. Problem solved.
I can wait... Ur worth it...
says "how does 'the gift' work? The body is broken and blood is poured out."
Wee will be at the Arboretum / Great Hills Petco this Saturday from 10 - 12!!! Come say HI and see the Wees!
talking to students about college and career readiness, following passion, #education shapes the next 60-70 years of your life.
We finally got internet at our house!! The first time in almost a year. I can't believe it lol. I love you
aw, c'mon - can't take a #sfmayor joke? Did u return those pants to the Go Lorries driver who owned them? See chapter 9.
We just legit LOL'd!
I'm Frank. a dog. and I just took off my glasses and now i'm growling.....
Wow u no ur kewl when u get over 5 blocked calls and it's not even been a week yet
giving angel readings and cleaning house......raising vibrations and then grounding myself!
Tried to sit down at the Blue Dog table at lunch but Heath Shuler, said "seat's taken, little lady."
"They call it "PMS" because "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken"
duh who didnt see rihana & chris gettn back togther.. they were makin songs bout each other!!
my mommy needs to talk to your mommy c:
Watching father ted with mam:)
Praying for great day for us all
#FF > you figure it out...
Friday Follow --> Great advice, you should follow them
Still up...
Absolutely thrilled to chat with this morning. Oh how brings good people together!
Y is it still cold smh
how are things going?
I'd rather be working for a paycheck than waiting to win the lottery.
“We’d have to run a phone book ad in every location, which would be a billion dollars,” he says with exaggeration
If you followed this page and make sure to go like their Facebook page too!!!! And download their song for FREE!!!!! :)
Big Ups 2 Thx For The Follow
I'm pretty sure that classifies as back pains... 42DD
As Santee council considers its redevelopment agency's future, John Minto asks deputy whether this can be filed under grand theft or robbery
what concert are you going to?
creative, also a bit sadistic!
Shoot, then you're probably not gonna like that spycam we set up in your cube, are you?
Only awesome people. : )
Thanks. Have a great Monday!
Nephew don't you even sleep
Thank you for following my friend!
how is Cesar's? It always seemed like such an odd combo to be any good
how long did it take for to do tht
that's sexy af
We must prepare every child from K-12 so that college is an option, whether they take it up or not. -Patricia Martin,
“: #AnimalPlanet is so tight” until someone or something gets eat'n !!! X.x
what's up? What are you looking for?
Mindless behavior word up is likes dat and I got it before valenties more posters for my room oh yea
That White Frost On That Pound Cake, So Your Duncan Heinz Is Irrelevant-
I'm Misa
Chew with your fucking mouth closed please, and please don't talk with food in your mouth either. Your fucking gross.
RT Barbour: "There is authorship inflation" leading to devaluation of the currency #scholarlyattrib Using Weimer Republic funds
thanks for being honest & real loved the line the BAR that build.u cont 2 give credit & keep us entertained & lol each wk
He makes it so easy, haha.
USA has 9 channels showing soccer regularly, 2 are full-time soccer networks. Yet no African CAN final. Pity considering what aired instead.
#BandsILove Green Day, Blood On The Dancefloor, Falling In Reverse, System Of A Down, Dave Days, and Slipknot
Praying that the walls fall and hearts are shifted back towards the purity and sanctity of marriage! Consume the divide oh Father!
Thank you!!!
Hahaha no problem :D me and love telling each other about cute guys who can sing...and you can definitely sing
there got chair boners !
I really need to write a book on my life or some shit. If you people only knew
We just learned the body of a missing Colorado hiker has been found in the Gila. Details on KOB at 10.
No sport has more fake tough guys than baseball. Throw at someone's back, then wait for your buddies to jump in if the guy charges you.
You probably did not sleep at the right posture. Or you used fluffy pillows that are big enough to make you feel uncomfortable.
I will have to try it that way. Thanks for the suggestion.
Made my third loan today. Decreasing world suck $25 at a time.
Im waiting for the replay ♥so I can go hard and fangirl again and make my head hurt...
You have to work hard to play hard... Nothing good comes free in life
Chuck Norris didn't run a marathon! #LA MARATHON
Good night to you, my friend. #shuteye sounds good!! =D See you soon!
Romney: "While we celebrate this victory, we must not forget what this election is really about-defeating Barack Obama." (so much for jobs)
I'm trying to talk Kim into letting me get a honey badger at the new house. Just kidding.
#nowfollowing she bad
yes I am running #BigSurMarathon since I didn't get enough of a beating at
When 1 door closes another door opens. But these damn hallways are such a bitch.
: help! My lip brush top came off inside my purse. Do you know how I can get rid of the lipstick spots?
turn up
Sorting thru my drawers has shown 4 shirt themes: Disney, Oakland Athletics, SDSU and concert T's..
If you fed a bee nothing but oranges would it start making marmalade?
Who I use to be < Who I'm becoming
Just had a surprise blessing when I heard worship pastor, 's, version of "Above All" playin on shuffle tonight. Love ya, Tina!
Happy to spread the word on the C.S. Lewis. I have a worn out set of the Narnia books from my childhood. It was a favorite.
A hello to the artistically inclined and to those who arent as lucky but still enjoy the arts, please show your support by giving to RISD!
#LOVE #I-MISS-U #ICantWait , The longest period of time is waiting for someone you truly want !
“: He once beat Usain Bolt in a race wit flip flops on.”
Whew, that sounds like good advice! Magnesium supplements are on the shopping list! You're my official twitter herbalist.
So excited to wake up and see that is following me! Thanks for the fun #50Shades party last night
dang it! Sorry. Will post that later. On the road. Check the YouTube channel for now.
Fact: it takes one million years for glass to decompose
I got my paws too! And I did what you did and almost got my triple! But I've been practicing my fouettés and my right leg hurts!
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.~~~Aphra Behn
One direction on nick in a min
This Spanish skit is gunna be so fucked. Maybe we'll get an "A" for stupidity.
'Bout to unravel the Mystery of Puma Punku with my main man #marchmadness huh!?
how can you chop down a tree and then chop it up?
Better lineup overall 12' Rangers or 95' Indians?
It is?
Shane manages the group and everyone comments on Shane's daily posts- we would love you to contribute!
i need a job asap i can't be living like this
All over the struggle bus this morning.
Good tip Kim. Technology has the marketplace evolving so quickly that it's often difficult to keep up.
We have even more sponsors on board fro some great prizes. Thanks to Girl.Bike.Dog for some awesome custom messenger bags!
Safe!!!!! T-Plush sneaks in. Two solid wins. BTW...he was out. We'll take it.
My dog needs to stop licking his butt. So annoying!
kick him out of your house!
Here we go!!!
A4: sunset beach on Oahu North Shore
Ok here we go time 2 make that move:sn:get money
haha will do:)
Scarlett Jo Hansen and I have the same birthmark on our faces, and the same nose. Its fate. Were sisters.
great! did those in the past as a general consumer and now that we are doing specific projects I will have specific questions
My Pocketzz Look Like Thigh Pads $$$$
Taking a lightning bugs life is unnecessary!!
That silky, satin wig you're wearing >>
yeah, rock band around the New Orleans area
Scary 1st half but pleased w/ our response to going down. Vital to draw level before HT. There for us to win it.
You KNOW that's not what you wanted Peggy!
hello skunk
Do #GOP voters realize that to nominate #Romney is to remove the one big issue of #Obamacare from the table? It's political suicide.
I got married tomorrow.
How can they use a Pogues song in a hockey mom commercial? HOW CAN THEY DO THAT TO ME?
Watching punch drunk love at work
This week is gonna be fun! Time to bring the pain!
Drowning a bream on the Ocklochonee hoping for a Flathead
Donald Trump just said that Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman are 'joke candidates'. Moments later Irony died in the streets from sheer laughter
that's to bad, I hope he is doing good. We are in Leavenworth for Pain Management Conference now.
calling my dad even though i know what he's going to say <3
I thought he was talking about PCIe in general... but maybe he was pointing at Violin ...
that would be AWESOME. Right now, I just hope #PURDUE makes the dance.
The greatest gift you can give another is the purity of your attention.share this Gift - Richard Moss
Warriors take chances. Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them. -Ancient Samurai saying
#womenofinfluence luncheon is marvelous! Congrats to all nominated!
So excited to see Briana stand up to her crazy mom.
Are you doing this weekend?
or both.
someone seems to have searched for "anne narcissistic trubek" I don't know her.
Great day for the Jesuits. Georgetown, Creighton, St. Louis, Xavier all win in #NCAA. #Marquette will win today.
Win a signed ball from NBA legend # GusWilliams join his league today and play fantasyfootball vs a real legend
hey haven't talked to you in a while. oh you realized it's mifflin this weekend? and now i'm you're friend?
#ThingsYouThoughtKonyMeant Hot dog?
David Allen Grier > David Ortiz
dont judge others by your own ignorance,,,,Message of the day.
You can choose to look forward or look backward. But either way, you will go where you are looking.
exactly! Like calm down people!
Unhappu. Screw everything.
Fantastic albeit cold/wet 2 wheeled adventure to Hocking Hills today with & Glad 2 be warm by the fire now
No bees, no honey; no work, no money. Proverbs
I have never seen Mad Men, so Twitter is currently boring the hell out of me. Back to my mag reading.
I followed like you commanded Master! Haha so you should click my follow button! Come on! It's Sexual Wednesday
First Journal Entry due date has been pushed to Monday, June 11. The D2L page is fixed and you may drop your assignments anytime until then.
Let me see what I can find out.
Dinner at Los Tios with
Serena is best...but it would be nice if a player comes along who can give her Competitive matches.
When "Jesus Walks" comes onto my shuffle in the AM it makes me feel like it's going to be a productive day.
Self motivation is a really hard thing to find, but when you find it, it changes your life!
#MonsterEnergy and #Nutella on a giant pretzel. Breakfast of champs
fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
Browsing Twitter = whatever you were doing when you saw my tweet.
Gonna go save some animals! Hope it's not too crazy tonight. Be responsible with your let's people!
I thought Collectively opened a New York office. <collectively should open a new york office>
‘Marvel’s The Avengers’ Top Box Office Record
Life is but a dream.
aye me && Camille Finna finish spittin game on you :D . Ok ?
Survival is not the way to live
I woke up and decided to stop quoting Jay Z, Yeezy, and Drake as much as I do. I wanna start quoting myself from now on :) GM
A benefit of acknowledging and working with an array of clients? "Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement." -Ludwig Wittgenstein
You the fuckin' best, you the fuckin' best. The best I ever had.
I usually get the carribean (or is it jamaican?) wild dog w/o onions. I like the relish.
. And, people actually spent time and money to put this law on the books.
Episode 2 of premieres today on IndieFlix! Look for subsequent eps. every Tuesday!
In school... bored:-) but atleast its friday :-)
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again.
Why not watching?
islands of adventure w/ the ugly people.. /:
#nowplaying soul asylum
Waking up to singing. #GOODMORNING 😃
Cava with my girls. So needing a night with my girls.
Shaving accident. R.I.P. ankle:(
Just spent half an hour in congestion on Bigelow Boulevard for no fucking reason. I'm beyond pissy.
We're excited to have Encore participant Reiss G. shadowing in the office today!
When u don't have Sex like u use to that's all u think about, and right now she looking like fun,Have u ever heard of the chicago preztel;)
No worries. Let's stay in touch. You may want to connect w/ too (we have a contest going on now!)
I think fumigate is the most appropriate
Well, at least i'm pretty good at pretending to be a grownup.
This is a good weekend to watch some youth hockey
good, crazy busy with #theave stuff, you?
Overeem: In January he gave me the vial. He (the Dr.) instructed me to take one shot a week. I injected myself with the second shot.
One, because i am the night and Two, i tried going to sleep two hours ago and im all restless.
Neither was i
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Hey guise, I'm finally using twitter.
Nobody riots or gets in fights over buing a pair of hand made Cowboy / Cowgirl boots that will last forever if taken care of.
Piña colada @ Leblon Caipirinhas: 8/10 for great flavor. Best on the town but still hard to beat the original. $6.
NEMESYS performing free c sections tonight at Rockstar Lounge! What are you waiting for?
We're joining Pinterest and searching for the best resources! Tweet us a link and we'll check out your boards to follow.
S/o 2 For All The Luv! xO
The dude next to me's poop smells like berries. I ain't even mad bro.
Biggest killer in relationships is the point when the confidence grows out of you and scares the insecurities into your partner
About to get some real bubble tea from the boba station food truck. You have no idea how long I've been looking for decent boba is SoFla.
Well, he is probably ARMED
how are they not undefeated?
Went to the Grove last night!!!!
13 minutes and stoppage to the second-happiest result of the week.
soon...I know how you feel...
Doing research on Nathaniel Adams "King" Cole! Working on understanding him and his music!
Indeed! RT You really do have to love the speed of Span and Gomez in the outfield. Wow -- they cover a lot of ground.
is it me or is it really hott?!??:/
so, ifound out who did it & he gon say some "sorry, i think i took it overboard." -____________- ya think????
“: The new season of #NextIronChef premieres at 9pm|8c! RT if you’re watching.” so excited!!!
your very welcome
idk cuz I still need to like goto the mall&get stuff
#12Days until Better Than Me :D
A 100% chance of rain tonight in D.C.
Tomorrow will be good <3
hey fam, would appreciate the follow back. dope work you're doing!
this new song Not bad
yup his lil sexy ass lbvs
They'll be mad when they see us *shrugs . #TeamUs >>
hahaha am I really!?...
Hmm if I leave now I should be able to get there before they sell out. Need a hair cut, shave, and dig out a uniform :p
Wishes everyone in the US a Happy Thanksgiving for you and your loved ones.
Tracy Marshall!! Left you a crazy vm last night, will follow up with specifics on DM now :-)
lol then they wonder why chicks aint givin it up.
O man if ny had the real beaches like these gorgeous ones in the carribean ill be a happy man
Welp! School tomorrow! night 💤💚
Send me to hell or New York City it'd be just the same to me!
DEN is officially my favorite airport.
Ron Simmons
reminded me to calm my bind and body. I have to remember to breathe!
Ok. Really now... Goodnight.
You are to create, not to compete for what is already created. You don't have to take anything from anyone else. -Wattles
so true. but it didn't used to be that way. "Karma Police" was on That's What I Call Music: Vol. 1!
Attention corporate partners, members, and friends! Send us your job postings to share with our network! Eblasts are distributed to members
"I am a universe of atoms, and I am an atom in the universe."
In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls. In 1940 it changed.
RT : Most workers would favor an increase in contribution to Social Security
Fine, but who will need you to clean up his yucky poos his ENTIRE LIFE?
Good day off?
tried to go without coffee this morning. caved by 10am.
Completing a complete ecosystem around ICT and Political participation with iHub Nairobi. Community building, information sharing
what does McDonald's and racists have to do with each other?
Lol RT when u see a girl that is old enough to look like a streetwalker in her cost she probably shouldn't b going
I'm inside now! :)
Its all about bricks...building the life I want 1 brick at a time. Have 3 things I am doing TODAY to get me closer 2 my dream
This Week!
Find your soulmate, Will.
Hi, you can also email
Happy to be spending the day with my best friend. Don't know where I'd be without her. #HappyMamasday to all the amazing moms out there!
f him
Well then there's no hope for it. You'll have to burn the whole place down and make it look like an accident.
Heck of a pace for that 13.1 miler.
Sorry, but the Tupac hologram is creepy. It's no better than Fred Astaire dancing with a vacuum in a commercial.
We still have unfinished business.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
Another day to share! to #dance! to #sing! to make someone laugh! Share your talents on www.shastic.com!
i am lol with lucas
The lesson learned from #OKC and #Lakers game last night is you cannot waste possessions, whether it's turnovers or low percentage shots.
i never asked lol. I thought was ur date? Lmao
I think I'm gonna take my daughters to the beach this weekend.
#WhatWould2ChainzSay I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, it ain't mine, but I'm in it.
Started by asking students what they remembered. (Annotated = awesome)
As always, good to see you (and ball w/ you) this morning
Great food and great NYE at thanks
I highly doubt it
I loved 2011: Married Leigha, great times with Playmark, started and finished my book, and began some fun new projects. Excited for 2012.
I would love to do the same ... for st gall manuscripts and for cuneiform objects ... my two big projects right now
Donna Summer is her name
it was kind of amazing to watch the jacket slide away from me, like being sucked by quicksand.
What are some examples of learning apps that deliver on the promise of easy to use and relevant, regularly updated content?
HEY SHANE whats up?
Yep! RT : "snakes have two speeds; dead and wrapped around your neck killing you" ~ Ace cira '99 (loveline) lol
Clear your mind of can’t. -Samuel Johnson
Someone make my day 👍
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum
Hi there! oh no prob! Hope ur Monday is going great!
Get score tweets from today's NCAA Tournament game with on
promotion, finding ppl to buy the raffle tickets, getting ppl to attend, & I need photos of me/my work. I need pictures by Weds
Omg my idol, , is following me!
Take the progression....one day at a time....take the success.....right now!!!!!
It's always better to freeze your tomatoes and use them later, that way if you have to peel off the skin it'll be easily done.
we hanging out again soon i hope??
haha, good point!
Please LIAM FOLLOW ME<3
Yes, I love Jesus, He is God's son...I love what he has done for all mankind. God has mercy on this World because of Him.
thanks luv ... if u want to its a free download so feel free to keep it for yaself =) ... do u have facebook ??
May the 4th be with you
omg imagine there is
Lights out Z
I would walk 500 hundred miles and I would walk 500 more, just to be that man who walked 1000 miles just for a U-Swirl
“My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.”
Football in #London? The #NFL could go international.
I didn't stutter!!! He makes me gag!
FYI u also stream when u r on break w/o audio nothing major happened ;)
I see your side but don't forget about free will too.
it says i have 899 follwers,lets get one more FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW! THANK U SO MUCH
wesley snipes told U!!! Always bet on Black! LOL
SUNDAY IS MOTHER'S DAY ^_^
Whoops, I meant *months on my last tweet. 😞
-c- seem like a sweetheart & I'd love to be friends(: love, Elysia <3
chick fil a (:
HULK smash!!! And so did the rest of #TheAvengers. Smashing job Joss Whedon! That was great fun.
come back to LA ! You need to go to the beach down here!
Fat girls in skinny jeans... That's that shit I don't like!
RT : Wow! raised over $335k in 10 days! We couldn't have done it without your help!
You should c the elephant skin belt n matching boots RT: nice pimp suit. J/k roll tide. Miss you guys."
Wat? Why mad
Ha. Sad, but true. Reminds me of a recent experience at the park.
no bar car on this train unfortunately.
Banks are now willing to work with sellers on short sales rather than foreclosure...contact me 4 details..there is CONFIDENTIAL help.
: you were @ Galleria too today? I almost had a meltdown...the place truly is soul-sucking.
knowing your playoff opponents by Dennis Green
#shoutoutto the man you know to follow.
Thanks for following!!
#Birds do not necessarily need cage buddies. Many domestics are social but some become territorial/aggressive. Varies bird to bird.
I spend all day thinking of ways to make money.lol i think i have an addiction
Using Postini is like having my mother screen my emails.
Just up thinking about him..
Just scooped up some brats & polish for tailgating tomorrow at Soldier! WOO HOO!!!
I should so be asleep right now. But I had alott of fun tonight lol ^_^
AAM will b at this pm for event w/12 #Pakistani #women from Amn-o-Nisa coalition against #extremism + of
PRT : Never will forget the 2000 NYY. They lost 15 of their last 18,had team meetings that changed nothing, crawled into...
bo :( was hoping for her to win.
No matter how far you walk, how hard you work, or how bad it hurts, you'll always get to where you need to be. -Unknown Author
Best lunch I've ever had in Garst BBQ salad and peanut butter cupcakes
Nikki's dad just said, Oh daughter your home where's your sister? Lol.
Birthday dinner was awesome[: & My car just came in
just saw a shooting star
Are you digging in your heels about an idea? Is this helping you?
Careful, someone might thing you've become a vegan......
Right on! Twitter's a whole nother animal...
This little kid can bang a drum or two!
Thanks. For some reason, I doubt it was the first, though
Kids vacation = extra morning cardio for Daddy! 1000+ calories burned!!! :)
We are back...!
'Round the same time she fell in love with HIM. Well, that's cool baby girl do your thing... Lucky I ain't have Jay drop him from the team."
I wonder if y'all take Payout Music as seriously as I do.
Today as House committee prepares to markup highway bill, its head Democrat asks who's read it. "I don't see a single hand raised."
“There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
If you people aren't reading these blogs, you're crazy. Stay tuned...next tweet.
Um we just made terrible popcorn to go with that terrible movie. What a failure all around.
If I could marry I willy wonka would.
amazing ! i really wanna go back ;(
wish i had to work today
So cute!!!
Lana Del Ray on snl lololol.... What are you doing?
One of the great moments in sports and this match ain't even over
Yes - definitely!!
I am a fan because is a true role model and is truly talented she loves and appreciates her fans is totally beautiful #P ...
you and me both... Remind me never to think going to NYC for a day is a good idea
his time. This is why he wouldn't touch her:
Today was great! Sat behind frankie jonas & 's girlfriend, delta goodrem, during hairspray. Talk about nice people (:
Who gets to decide which opinions a 'loathsome garbage' and which aren't?
Thanks MKE for such a great lunch crowd today! What are you thankful for today?
Unlock via HTCdev.com NAO...or wait for true S-OFF? What's a girl to do?
thank u 4 the RT. U should c sum of the phones we have. Man phones have come a long way LOL what was ur 1st phone?
man kod was iRate last year...
Pittsburgh Cares is leading many of its agency partners once again in Global Youth Service Days from April 15 through April 22. More than...
Sometimes I forget that people really think I'm and my RT's get their hopes up. Sorry everyone!
and with you Civil Wars # 8 in iTunes Right now For ;60 spot, amazing!!!
shit just swipe her shit and you ret to go
is that sexual
i'm good just a little tired.
We've had a lot of luck with Facebook ads, but I truly think our Twitter advertising paid off even more.
Courage see me threw. Heart I'm trusting you.
ive been chasing something that hasnt even been available -_- <-- my face after i founded out
im living on coffee and monsters. healthy of me.
Finally saw the movie I wanted to see ;-)
you had a producer?on friday night documentary? i forget name, please help ? thanks
Congrats and warm wishes to all our fellow nominees for & tonight.
hello girls!! check out blog.. great article on how to deal with a HANGOVER!!! we all need to read that one.. Happy New Year
then we`re going to Rainbow Springs laterr
I'm Not A Fucking Role Model
i love #Modeling !
The O-Dog looking more like NO-Dog
Just about to start my #asja panel on #beauty and #health markets with and excited!
Google+.... Hm, an escape route from Facebook?? Finally?
"Incompetence has no barriers of time or place" - where can you do your BEST work today?
Help us plan our events and programs for 2012. What would YOU love to see at the Barrick? Looking forward to hearing your ideas...
The National Weather Service has lots of data available to download in KMZ/KML formats.
RT “: « Im tired of smoking with broke people.»”
LAUREN in the HOUSE!
so cute - maybe he thinks it's silly putty-hope that stash doesn't get eaten.
It is pouring outside. Thrilled it is not distribution day.
Go to the new OccupyWashingtonDC page to learn about the teach-n this week with a delegation of occupiers from Okinawa, Japan.
omg, we've been friends since like janruary.(idk how to spell that and apparently autocorrect doesnt either..) JUST SAYIN
me too
Meadow Batch Notes #90665: “This blend is too relaxed for its own good.” –Elizabeth. “Joe is too relaxed for his own good.”- Steve
You are an asset! If I could send you a kitten via twitter, I would. (As an aside his name would be Maurice.)
We're a band from San Diego, CA. You should check out our music, I thought you might like us!
It about TIME, yall grind Grizz
Sometimes, I just wanna slit your throat open and take your voicebox out that way you'll never talk again. Yep, I said it.
thanks for the kind words -Steve
The Little Gym is not an activity, it is an imperative! Give your children the advantage.
Have you ever read "The Lord of the Flies"?
Got Ethiopian tchembe n2 and Kenya on pourover at north Hollywood farmers market.. Stop by!
Am I the only one who LOVES the addition of Heather? New fave housewife!
Once I make my first million, Imma have Louis Vuitton EVERYTHING!
Dude did you make it over yet and more important did you get your coupon?
What do you mean? This is #peakproductivity hours for #gradstudents!
That made me smile ear to ear :) I'm so glad you like it! Hopefully I can do this full time soon and find even better stuff!!
Yeah baby!
Thanks for the Fantastic Hair Cut!! Looks Great! Will Recommend you to everyone we know!!!
Hiccups are going to kill me 😒
I think that Suzanne Collins should rewrite the Hunger Games trilogy from Peeta's point of view. I'd love to see how she'd do that!!!
Chicken in the box.
That's cool, directing is a pretty big undertaking. But again, so is a novel... I couldn't write one, so it's cool you are.
thanks for the follow Will!!!!! about time ;) Hope to see you soon :)
Thanks for the compliment looking forward for the next event.
rack city bitch
We'd love 2 send them ur way, but trying 2 keep them in the heart of dtwn since they'll be walking.U know we love ur venue!
Nice to flip to someone's profile page and see Hagler. Cheers.
": #Nuggets burn out the #Suns 105-99 oh and the #Rockies won too. Today was a good day."
Thanks for the follow man!!!
Happy birthday to the incredible Nancy Wilson!
Will "Agile for government is hard. There is a lot of rules, stratification and standards. We managed to make this work with Agile."
Hey lady how are you?
Damn I want some sushi hell Chinese food period
o lovely. What flea mkt?
what I'm saying is they dont like each other and egos might get in the way of the outcome of the match? U think?
with half-intel since 12/11. No retractions, just "it was a technicality".That's BS, & continued assertions of guilt w/o merit.
My childish self really trying to see this clown.
I don't think so... its right on state street (70th st). No signs so curious!
WFM, Costco, Trader Joes.
Oh my. It's almost 4:30 pm here and I just woke up. Forget "night owl"... I'm pretty much a bat.
I can only get to this help center and sent these tweets through this support screen
So Lamborghini is working on another SUV.
": Here we go again! ": Nerlens Noel picks Kentucky""
I'm not here....the sky is my alibi
good morning jennifer happy wednesday
Apparently I called some chick from tri delt a rug muncher bc she was wearing a sweater vest
If Jesus has to suffer for our sins, does he at least get the pleasure of the sin too? I'm asking you, religious folk.
Gettin' some Dove soap up in this bitch.. !
You bet. Have fun at Titanic 3D! I hear they have a great IMAX movie theatre in Wichita. LOL! :)
Yes! 40 followers! And our next tweet is our 200th! Yay!
is this the real Rayray ? :)
Darcel, Laura, Mady, & Michelle on bar this morning. Let them start ur day right with the perfect Latte made with lots of heart.
Raining out here like crazy.
don't judgee.
do you know of anyone doing an analysis of the most common reasons for NPs who lost their npo status?
miss you! did you talk to the coach yet mister?!
you should do kickboxing. It's super fun!
THE MIRROR DOE'S NOT LIE
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
I know now.
thanks! We had fun talking derby with you
What position do u play?
you gotta follow me back for two correct but late answers bro!
exactly, so "fetch" it is! ; ) see you at the end of May!
true but it doesnt have to be that way
omg ill gross. I see this way too much :0(
Because of it´s lively sound, the Caxixi was originally used to call forth the presence of the enchanted spirits and also to scare all...
a little rain never hurt anyone--stop by for #happyhour--$2 peroni, $3 house wines, $4 frigos--see u at 5!
he says he "plays" basketball in school but I gotta see it to believe it lol
added, whenever you're ready. :)
I would go into withdrawals if I could only go once a monthLOL. I go like twice a week >.<
Yoooooo bet or no bet B?! Don't get soft now!
I used to be obsessed with both drake's and chris brown's version of Marvin's room , used to hear it everyday.
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!! TIME TO GET UR WEEKEND STARTED RIGHT!! IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN BABY!!!
You need to be yourself!
i definitelly agree. i own the trademark
hey what u doin? :)
I'm gonna need some friends to draw inside my "Wreck this Journal" book soon.
We'll have photos from this morning a little later in the afternoon. Stay tuned!
Day tripping west today, I'll be on LA by sunset to see my best guy and sit on our 17 acres.
watch... you'll release this new jailbreak and apple will release a upgrade in a few hours or days lol
labs are my favorite but at my parent they were outside dogs, truman is inside so no shedding is nice.
I am from the old country Tehran Iran!!! Iran number 1. Iran Number 1 #WWF Legend
Ha when gabriel flattered himself and thought i was talking about him get over urself already Lol
UH.... na, but thanks! NO the 1st time Id rather not try again.I really did wana learn the techniques Ive always been interested
Al Horford needs to remember who he is. This game is great tho
“: Every guy seems the same smh” We are all the same. Expect me of course.
Hello thanks for following me.
hi. can u pls tell steve sands that jesper parnevik often goes sans hat? thankyouverymuch
Did you know..the higher the altitude, the longer it takes tea to mature on the bush, the lower the yield, and higher the quality.
Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. Oliver Wendell Holmes
Do it now my man! You cannot wait!
sounds very New York
that's make me happy :) can you re-follow me, darling? ♥
you don't even remember going over there do how would you kno lol
Brian Dawkins' career is over. Now it's time to admire his accomplishments. What was your favorite Dawk play of all-time?
I am looking to speak with businesses that are reviewing their telecoms, would like bespoke pricing along with outstanding customer service!
to your not dead?
Ur not watching WM28? paid u for no reason last year & now u dont even watch? Ur a waste of time :)
Haha! If they don't they should.
**correction: I have only 3 days....
depends on who's doing the searching. ;)
So apparently Lily is in the final stages of labor but her contractions are too far apart to be admitted to the hospital?
So much work
Idk who to go for against clippers and spurs? This is hard!
13 days left of school.
The Pacers will give the Heat all they can handle in this series. I don't know if anyone can stop Hibbert.
got my wheat thins today at target and they are so good yum
#HappyMothersDay To All The Moms In The World And *My Mom Mary Shelton* Without U All We Would'nt Be Here 2-Day
Fast? Should have been completed years ago.
Surgery CAN be avoided. There is always hope, and alternatives should be looked at first. You will be glad you did.
Got some Modjo- Lady to start the morning drive 🎵🎶🎵
contact if I can be of any help (now)?? #fucknypd Jesus, so sorry!!
Big bang theory night yes.
S/O to all the mongos doing summer lmao
Seriously!!! Do it!!! Haha feeling the record my dude
that MacBook air..
Editing away
holy shit i can hear all the christains bitchin right now cuz of the #blackjesus song
12 Days of Red Dresses — #1: Couture The Vampire Diaries may be a hit show, but aside from her popularity with the tween set, Nina Dobrev
#OscarTweet glad to see #Bridesmaids is being recognised at the #Oscars this year. #GoBridesmaids!
After two days, I finally put the bassinet up! Abt to go get some lavender sheets and more sandals for her outfits. Anyday now
i totally in agreement its snozze city they don't get including him
Between and 's posts how am I supossed to see straight while laughing my head off and fanning myself!!!!!!!
Thank you 2 everyone who has hung in there w/ your support for the 36 Percent Project. I'm working on the relaunch of a brand new site (1/2)
#ThingsIDislike wanting someone back
A race to watch: The Republicans' plan to trash Medicare could win it for Dems in disgraced Republican Chris Lees' former US House Dist
#3morewords Trade it all!!!!!!!!
Deadmau5 creeps me out
Come join The Big Blue Nation. This class could get scary good.
Vote for Robbie Macioce to be streaming live in your home area? Private Concerts are now for sale $25.00 for 1 hour!!
New version of Qponomics available now. Download the free app for faster performance and increased functionality, and of course... Save $$!
I'm highly pissed right now😡😡😡
sent another package yesterday...should be there tomorrow, sat at latest!
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: or Dwight Eyes.
Did "boo-yah" start with Cypress Hill? Also, can we be done with that? It's pretty stupid.
#f29 will play in #Peoria with #CAT in mind.... Links coming soon!
having fun
follow me please:D
Entrepreneurship can get dark and lonely but the light that shines from you may inspire others to achieve greatness. Stay focused!
i dont care if you drink! your still my role model! just cause someone does something you dont like doesn;t mean anything.. :)
#letsdoit Sunday? RT : We can climb up in your tree and go grass roots girl : now I want to go back to Belize even more
We hope to have some pictures of Dwain T. Pipe's debut on the video board from Arizona Stadium soon. It was a great success!
Im happy verry happy :D
Absolutely the #truth! #supportindiefilm re: Seriously, it's where the fun is.
How' s Dog getting in?
Howard University Design for Advertising I - #Branding and #Visual Identity formal critique - Schedule change: Thurs. Nov 18 at 4:30pm
well thank you for tht wonderful news-_-
RT - My favorite psych assessor and I are both Jacksonville #JAGUARS fans!!! We always talk about how the team is doing
Off to pick up the dvd from the Audelco Awards. I have to go through the entire cermony and apply the names. Im getting there people! Lol
Us ladies over think So much men need to understand that but ladies WE do need to relax
Coming up on the show....WIAA executive director Dave Anderson and on FM 100.5 ESPN
A new reason to tweet Jeremy Lin it's so electrifying in nyc w linsanity all around need a Lin jersey
CKB nominated with his former asst Andrew for LD. And Andrew wins. We are so proud.
are you in the Portland area? Or - are you part of an awareness campaign coming here?
Maternity call out fulfilled. Thank you to those who replied!
😏there is some1 always watching. N telling u ( damn you a fat ass ) that's just for me tho.
I hate having to choice sides on a relationship!!! My friends give me headaches!!! :(
Sixers are for the fans of the band, "You Me At Six" :)
so excited that you're coming to IIT. And congratulations on defending the diss!
study reports #CMS accepts AMA recommendations on reimbursement rates 87.4% of the time. #WolfInChargeOfTheHenHouse?
I would enjoy it but the NHL would not be able to capitalize on it. They have had chances before and blew them all Freddie
yeah i know what you mean. Things take time and dont happen overnight! Your a beautiful young woman and you can do anything! Mhmm
Juan got a haircut So I shall go even shorter
*ding* Exactly. Between no compelling software and it being too expensive, Sony's in a hard spot.
Occupy Wall Street NYC is being shut. Down right now
So. Jealous. Saw The Arctic Monkeys last year; they're pretty great too!
hahahah sounds terrific lol :P whatever you do is going to be 100% better that what I'm doing
The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate the feedback!
I wrote it in the wrong tense l0l but you're welcome!
This is how we chill from 93 till... Dial the 7 digits call up bridget her man's a midget I got 40's in the cooler can u digg it?
yep! Im so pumped! Should be around Christmas! I hope to be half the uncle those guys on full house are!
Sitting in my car 100 feet from my office, waiting for rain to die down enough for me to make a run for it!
Its on of those moments where you know you can do something but that ONE mistake can ruin it for everyone. #PrayHard :)
Oh....now it's okay you're over it
YA OKAY FUCKER SAY IT TO MY FACE I'LL FIGHT YOU 👊👊👊👊👊
#everydayithinkabout how Hipster is just another name for dudes who cant throw a football
ur amazing and I can't believe u r finally 14!! Ur an amazing friend n want to wish u an amazing bday!!!! U r just incredible
I'll be the first to admit that I don't like talkin to people about my feelings but it is nice once in a while to have someone listen to you
Emailed w/ about it RT : You should come to the book launch party on Monday!
25 games if it doesn't end during playoffs continues to next season and has to miss preseason which doesn't count towards the 25
I'm exhausted just watching this game.
Why when a package oa delivered by car its called a shipment but when it goes by sea its called cargo...
Thank you, I did have a nice weekend. And I needed it!:) I hopr you have a great week !
i need a nap
Not even in a biopic about a British Prime Minister can we have a movie about a female that doesn't have a makeover montage.
Thanks, I know about the official site. I was wondering how quick the other ones were, though.
- I'm stalking you baby! Haha!
somehow obama talking about the budget crisis is a nice break from hearing ashley's voice.
ready for your friday lunch??Mangia mangia will be serving @ the corner of Kettner and Kalmia from 11:30 to 1:30 in Little Italy!
yall should've swept them if they sucked that bad
really???? grrrr my phone is al the way downstairs :/
I love Luna...so weirdly insightful and empathetic.
Whitley....is that U ?
moving to antioch lol what is my life
"I'm getting pretty discouraged with Angry Bird." So take a break. "I think I will, plus my arm hurts"
Lol the millionaires have a song with riff Raff, just for that I'm totally gonna download their tape
Holy shit I forgot to watch dance moms
Just popped open the Two Buck Chuck in honor of this glorious occasion!! A first principal contract is a huge milestone :)
I'm looking for a new song writer after i fired my last one
I need all the supporters to contribute to this site. Thank you.
With the odds being about 1 in 175,711,536, you could argue you get about a $3 value if you get a $1 ticket this week.
What is #BikeWeek? Why just one? The Militant has 52 of them every year!
How many thousands of innocents has America killed in its history? How many more will we? Grieve if you must, but don't be naive.
yea dirk Nowitzki a close second
I agree
You got a point. #RogerSterling & #DonDraper are like Blue Bonnet...everything's better with them on it.
Packing up to go home -- what a whirlwind of a week, #CloudFairSeattle was a success!
SAW OR Final Destination. Final destination! Saw makes me sick
What's cooking for dinner tonight? Anything German on the menu?
up, up, in the way?
lol he got another thing coming
Apparently so!! Belcher wins in first round after escaping against the signature Palhares heel hook. WOW! Vicious G&P
RT : "Hey Everybody! We're all gonna get laid!"
salute you, T.I.P Soulja Slim
So the good girls go for the bad guys? and the good guys go for the girls who use them? ...I can never win.
you should check out all the new great thing we r doin here! kereoke wens. thurs. flash back fri. and grown/sexy sat. gr8t ppl, music,drnks
God doesn't just exist in times of sorrow, but everyday 24/7.
Hey you , you , YOU , yes you , hey , your beautiful <3 -Jordan Blaze <3
"did YOU hang up these elephants?"
Whoa RT : I asked Spo if last play was designed for Chalmers? He said, "Could be. He was one of the first or second options."
Today: RT : Want to meet the 2012 Flying Squirrels? Come to the ballpark @ 3pm for an autograph session/team workout (4-6pm)
Why do they ALWAYS say they're not high? Smh at these weedheads, pray for them. No, you have to. It's almost Easter. It's in bible, go check
bout to slap da bar tender,he scared thn a bitch,even security sed leav him alone plz..lol...slap yo self bitch
Falling in Love Crunch?
funny - i did have mcdonalds frappe in my hand.
hey were u going out with my bro
Yes! (as in the band, not a declaration of excitement). Although to clarify, I am excited about this.
your gonna love the outfits for the "dance".(:
very nice!!
eating pop corn and watching the voice
Only time can heal a heart
when u goin on break
Music Though.
Yes. Everything else will go perfectly. Good luck!
Yes, this occurred due to an algorithm change and the maps team is on it :) Thanks for letting us know though!!!
Use #1 for Text Marketing - text coupons, specials and discounts sent to an opt-in list. 10%-30% redemption rate.
Studio Update: Our "Break the Ice" EP is finished being remastered. We will have it up for you guys tomorrow! Spread the word. RT
My bra is Iron Sprite Tyson an I'm Bohammed Alleen
S/O to the for the follow :)
I've had this feeling several time recently. Oh academia!
We have to STOP, LOOK, LISTEN, WAKE UP, and BE ABOUT IT!
Happy News to everyone!
it was the " ironic" comment. Don't cha think.... Alanis Morrissette.
What do you do when you're feeling blue?
Take your pick...Giants Or Patriots?
Cheese is the telos of milk.
You know, I have often wondered if there were horses that shot gifts out of their mouths, and looking in put you in harm's way.
I'm not, you would make fun of me if you knew what I was doing.
Oh I misread. I am sorry your medical problems have slowed you. :( Have you tried online courses? Sometimes cheaper, too
This is Kobe's worst Game 7 since his last Game 7.
I bet it get's old, especially this time of year!
STREET LIFE
--> sorry for your loss. I am quite happy about the outcome. Cardinals = eleven time World Series champions.
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Find a Samantha Stevens and shoot that spell casting nose-twitching gorgeous witch.
Hapuna Beach -- white sand for a half mile on the island known for its black sand beaches.
That said, beer is on me whenever you're in Portland, OR.
The good ones are never easy and the easy ones are never good. And love never happens like you really think it should.
stop being difficult and email me some- :>
Oops, did I leave out the 4 star kids in the #OhioState class from New Jersey & Missouri too? Well, just pile them on this sick class.
Twitter is the best place to observe a person...lol u ain't bout what u be talking bout..Glad I dodged that bullet.<<<<<< whew
that's what champions like us do! Much love
At my daughter school observing these kids are wild smh!!!!!!
RT : What exactly did people do at conferences before there were smartphones?
school went good i was like a a little baby to everyone even the teachers
Nope :D
I hate how everything comes up different on the YouTube app and it's always wrong
Dis sum ugly ass people in this Skool
Drinking 's Don Pachi Panama Geisha. One of the better coffees I've had in a while.
Stayed up to watch that Buccos game, only the be disappointed by a blind ump #Jerry Meals ... What was that?
I was just in a conversation where I didn't say much, and the other people who were talking sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher :P LOL!
": When you do things in the right time, in the right season and with the right purpose — God will surely bless you!"
If the caption for you profile picture is "Ewww, This is so ugly, Gross" you have serious issues. #Attention Whores
Good morning!
AMBER ALERT IN OSHAWA, WI - 3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN DRIVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario PLATE # 72B 381 ... If all of you reading my ...
Inbox Me Question For & Answer <3 (Ask Me Anything)
Not sure why it took me so long to realize how awesome ping pong would be on the moon.
Really excited for the clinic this Saturday, it is going to be a great event. We hope to be seeing you in Franklin Street Gym.
If you think I'm crazy it's because you never really listened to what I had to say you just heard what you wanted to hear from my statements
Monday at work is making up for the relatively easy Friday I had. Argh.
frappe and homework
The 214 is ready to jarty
may being (actually) 21 in chicago this year bring me lots of new learning experiences.
130 League of Professional Women meeting tinite at to hear about Bible-based Principles of Networking!
by "the ville," do you mean Saltville? :)
is finally beginning to be happy with this outline.
Dunno how I feel about the new Zooey d show; it was really funny, but the premise is still garbage...
Pat Riley on the big screen here brings BBN to their feet
Do You think About Me?
our character, mold our own health, well being..savy?
Miss you too! But we'll be seeing you soon for the spring record! Wedding is Sept 22... so far away, yet so close!
Thanks for the RT Anne!
I don't think I'm ready
The fact that Nickelodeon has been pouring green slime on people for like 30 years is pretty great.
Rosies is the best bartender ever!
Great article! I work for a non-profit organization and this is so true.
Just had a Mcdonalds latte. Not as bad as it sounds :).
WHY DIDN'T RAMON SESSIONS WIN ROY? I DEMAND A RECOUNT.
It isn't everyday that my daughter poops all over the front of my t-shirt...but it happens more often than I'd expect...
Which dumb ass teacher gives homework over break?
it's a true story. Lol
I like the "C8tes"!
To paraphrase Iago (from Alladin): I think I'm going to die of NOT-surprise. 's L2 is not running according to schedule.
Really? Really? Yes, really!
thanks for your support! Would love to chat more about our success
do I have to work at one or volunteer ok?
When life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail.
What a computer that sings??? ADELLE!!!!
John Palfrey: metadata iis the special sauce of libraryland
thanks! I am thinking NRDHRD3 :)
It's that time of year - Some big #Indy shows on sale this wk for including
ya if u don't insurance that cover water damage!
thank you!
You guys have a fantastic weblog planning right here, KIU!
I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000 + people who are supporting us!
So great to see you this morning, Nancy! Enjoy the day and hope to see you at the next !
We Need a lovely, energetic female this Saturday in Baton Rouge, LA from 12:30-4:30. Email ASAP if you can work!
Haven't reserved a table for Vday yet? Don't worry we've got room 4 course dinner w/ a btl of champagne only $100/couple...
No matter the country/culture people all want same things
Oh were good bruh. I'm about to start looking for a house though I can't do this apartment shit..
"ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER DOLLAR"
as of today, I'm giving up refine sugars (except 4 the occasional champagne or cognac) for 3 months
Carson Palmer to the Raiders??? Stay tuned.....
Can't watch survivor tonight ; (
Yay, Grammy time!
i love justin bieber
I like , for #servicedesign -- not all exclusively SD but have rich perspectives
wow - it's heating up in tandem with this weather!
Let's go Irish! Make this night complete :)
alriteeeee i gotchu on this one.
Your welcome! Happy Friday! :)
"Beethoven. So nasty."
The Weather Channel did a GREAT job reporting the hurricane! I was glued to it for 3 days (when we had power). Hats off TWC!! Brave souls...
The class of Dan Hicks comes out again. Way to call out the crowd who razzed Kevin Na. No place in golf for fans like that.
ONLY IF I COYLD FAST FOWARD THE TIME :(
Cause when the sun sets baby, on the avenue I get that drumset feeling, yeah when I'm with you.
sounds like a Q for MT is there a rule for how compound words are born? verdict on "user name" vs "username"?
I'm so thankful to be a New Yorker. I love this city, it's people, it's heart and it's soul. It's truly the OZ I always imaged as a kid.
Laura Veirs today!!!!! Come out and have some fun with Artist Home and us. 10:30am $10 at the door.
I believe you'll need to go to Twitter to see older tweets. That's why columns r so impt.
Oh no! I'm sorry guys :( cc
most candy is better frozen anyway...
where at?
Good Morning SL Nation! Tune in to SL TV online and Indiana Comcast 81 today at 2p for vs.
Gentleman just brought a used needle to customer service while I stood in line.
you already know!
It's my favorite! Thanks for the RT! Happy
sounds like a Tuesday night at Barsies
Whew! Passed my test this morning--Adult Pre-Bronze Freestyle. Thanks to my coach, Jacques, and my skating pals!
sandwich planning, grocery shopping, and food prepping is pretty much all I did yesterday!
and fat too
Damn, now I smell like Subway.
The patio is my office today...emails, technical reading, getting ready for the week.
Some people think that "Swag" is the definition of fashion. Those people are plain stupid.
is winding down before bed
RT : Help help the ! This month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds fight hunger!
peep my producer 's new beat tape, called #freemyself . I did the cover art while we were on tour. Fire! www.o-dmusic.com
follow me
Can't wait for Saturday!!
OMG!! CHECK YOUR FREAKIN MENTIONS!!... LIKE NOW!!! I'M SO FREAKIN' JELLY! :D <3
So was that first tweet
Bbw, porn is so overrated... I need, to see the pussy!!
Attempting to sleep...
Capital One has made the 2012 DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity list! In addition, DiversityInc named COF #9 for LGBT Employees.
Twitter can we do it #onetimeforlove ??????? How about it click that follow button and get at #realrnb -->
conditions considered by FDA are Asthma, Diabetes, High blood pressure, High cholesterol & Migraines. seam reasonable?
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this a-m or were U there 2 witness #Dallas #Tornado s ? Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Leaving this 85 degree weather to go back to winter in Wisconsin will be difficult
NEED $$$? I sometimes subcontract out click-able ads, video editing, basic graphics, site building etc. PLZ RE-TWEET :)
oh no surely not! I think this needs explained now...
Congrats! When's the celebration party?
Not in a good mood at all! So gonna listen to and then go to sleep
Come celebrate opening day at the Scene starting at 11am! We will have $10 buckets, $3 Redleg shots and $1 hotdogs all day!
You don't know who you fuckinggg with
My mother started as a single mother and work two jobs to provide for me.
#familyguy japan! they kill things that we like! haha gotta love family guy
Shelly PLEASE DONATE! (did it work?)
fuckin eyelash glue in my eye..
How can I resist that? <3
Pinterest just reminded me, I could have had my michael kors watch and purse-if I hadn't been nice
This PowerPoint<<<<
weird you didn't go with All the Sad Young Literary Mad Men
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like Barney Rubble and Barney Bubbles did a Mexican hat-dance on your brain? Me TOO.
(facebook got wacky, sorry for the repeat-posts.) :-/
RT : "#Artists are like taxes. Everybody wants the services they provide, but nobody wants to pay them." -via
Important things first, naturally.
Currently reading "Heist Society" by Ally Carter. Fast paced, decent twists and a unique niche for the hero. So far, I say 4 out of 5 stars.
And if only the Rangers could start scoring for the team!
Playing with Pinterest for clients=a very happy DanceFit Marketing team!!
Is it happy hour yet?
But don't want to come off as a careless one either...
thanks you too! I'm feeling much better. Just needed lots of rest
how do u get tumblr som1 tell me
#ohwell must be an x gener thing
Valerie Holstein: "If you don't have customer service, you don't have anything."
I have a lot Of movies to watch now
I think perhaps I went to school with Donna
RT : #Twitter: a great way to get intel on what your elected officials like and care about.
Hahah Tim Dillard from the crew is hilarious ripping kurkijan. Another character for the brewers
The unrestrained excitement in my 13yo daughter's voice when she found out there is a comic book store 5 mins from our house.
Our pleasure! Great to connect.
IVE NOTICED PPL DISLIKE IN OTHERS WHAT THEY DON'T SEE IN THEMSELFS WE ALL MIRRORS!
love that place. So Pittsburgh.
What good is a mobile app if it keeps crashing?
Bye bye!
Yes it is<3 you should come sometime lol :] how old are you?
hey what u up to today? isnt it like 3 out ther?
I am being so inspired by powerful women entrepreneurs taking their lives into their own hands, and creating their destiny and business.
Onerous IRS laws and regulations are causing CPA's to leave the profession in droves. Small businesses will be adversely affected.
thats captain corny to you
skeet sketin on bitches
About to check it out now.
My day is made - is returning next season. However I'll miss you :-/
We're printing more issues! Would you like West Coaster at your craft beer business? Do you have a spot we should distribute to? Just ask!
Wait WTF!?! is out of the race!?!? Wish I would've gotten WAAAAAYYY in advance notice. Geez.
I am at the 9th annual Action Research conference at
academy wasn't letting people who had been late to class a lot go, unless they made up the hours :/
it's called drugs
Nope, not bad at all. It's great actually =)
Also lets get those like and follow numbers up!!! Tell all your friends to go like our page!!!!! :]
The Caps have weird numbers... getting there too...
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!101
Perfect day for some 2Pac and Biggie
wicked excited for 's special on tonight!
First session at #CILDC Challenges in content mgmt
Are you looking for a laugh? Go watch "Super Troopers." Such a funny movie!
Twitter is where i vent
where are you rocinante
Join us in the Lilly Auditorium on June 10 @ 3pm for Multiple Genders: Mind and Body in Conflict: A film showing and discussion
The City Sleeps & I Walk Alone.
Gov. Martinez says she's "deeply troubled by Commissioner Wiener's pattern of behavior." Gov backs primary opponent Lonnie Talbert
if you have to ask if you need to make a copy, assume that you do. SMH. CYA people, CYA LMAO
I'll eventually get over it.
Racing against two of the 15 fastest milers in the country tonight? Lets do it!
RT : Who's going to the winter #fancyfoodshow ?? We'll be with at booth 1188. Free sampler bottles!
It's about to be a sick summer !!
Capitalism is a huge snowball in motion... it seems impossible to divert it to a higher road. The 1% just can;t do the right thing.
Introductions by Dean Carol Lancaster - also a former deputy administrator for
Foods cooked, the dip is done, Pizza's ordered. GO PATRIOTS!
I LOVE ALL TIME LOW
RT : A small glass of 100% grape juice + ww crackers with low-fat cheese. Yum! RT : What’s your favorite healthy snack?
"Let me baptize you"-Rube Sheeber
Dex: I just read an article on the dangers of heavy drinking... scared the hell out of me. So thats it, after today... no more reading.
♬New Music Coming May 29th from Follow today!♬
9. Going green. College communities tend to be more progressive about environmental causes and concerns, so going green may be easier.
I'm a #gringa . Who's with me ?
Links Re up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games no matter were you live check us out and enjoy the games!!!!
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Regular schmo running on 89 octane, wanting to put miss southern belle in a 65 stang convertible runnin 104 ya feel me NKOTB?1 show 1st row?
Did not intend to start David Chang's The Color of the Land today, but wow! It's fantastic.
Dude she just called you fat....... Oh hell no...... Roll me over there."
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. - Franklin P. Jones
Holy crap! A cute blonde from San Fran is following me on twitter and I just signed up like 2 minutes ago! Nice!
