Was Alicia made a partner or offered partnership?
Finally got my wristband,let me know if they make a black one with red font on it
Louisville could loan FSU the money, thereby making Cimarron our bitch.
I will totally come over and eat them if you do!
"YOU HAVE A REPUTATION, EVEN IN ENGLAND, WITH MY ASSOCIATE AT " -- // I'm famous, bitches.
Veronica just found, then stole, my Chilly Willy stuffed animal.
The Christmas season has the potential to revive the music industry, but will it?
RT : Texas is 46th in per pupil spending BEFORE 5 billion in cuts to education.
no problem
Parking passes are up but yet Press Reg still isn't... What is up with that ???
At daisy dukes watching ppl dance lol hilarious!!
It's almost Halloween :-) EXCITING
Dessert was filling. Wasn't it.
He said, "hey are you gay? Can you come out and play?" and like a fool I went and said "okay!"
thanks for sharing it is just what I needed
anyone wanna bring a bag of goldfish for me tmr?
Thanks Joe!
Yo check it if you have received a compliment from me within the last twelve months via twitter,chances are I was lying
- saw Ambassadors cleaning up W. 25th street this A.M.: removing graffiti, trash, sidewalk cleanup, etc. Nice work.
To BE Honest ! *(: They mad b/c they cant see Prod lmfaooooooooooooo
They gon say they hard Imma say im harder They gon say they grind Imma grind smarter
Have a drink for me - miss y'all!! xo
You sure?
I ocassionally catch myself looking at 's facebook and thinking, 'wow, he is good looking'. Then i remember im his twin.
what brings you to this area of the city?
haha I know when it happened, I just kept thinking of that Scott Peterson who also killed his pregnant wife. DON'T DATE A PERTERSON!
HW: Write a 6 page paper on a topic of Psychology u want 2 learn more about. How am i supposed 2 write a paper on something i dont no bout?
It seems like everyone around me getting sick. I hope I don't get .......
I wonder where is in the world. I'll be in NY very soon so I definitely need to see him :)
i want to meet you.
Thank you for watching our video!! The Official Movie Trailer and more music videos are coming soon!!
chinesse chicken? Like from china?! Lol :p but awsome! I had chicken for breakfest lunch and will have some for dinner haha :3 jp!
guys must be all over you then haha
not to sound corny but to me, music is like a time machine.
Across the State, the Cincinnati Reds will be without their closer for the season after he tore a ligament in his elbow. Ouch!
Being the lone female in a house full of boys, & yes I include my Husband, means I'm vetoed when it comes 2 movies, Justice League<NO!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 1
nah he was cool haha
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
MAGIC - in Hollywood next week - our cast will blow you away and LIFT YOU UP - this show is NOT TO BE MISSED! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
your segments with are always "entertaining".
“: #iconathon process wasn't just democratic, it was FUN.” Agreed, let's keep this movement going!
Hi, VCU from Mary Wash.
What are you doing with yourself next year? Get the book "so you want to be a contractor?" and start changing your life.
what a great idea...seriously wishing for some right now...
any number in particular?
The "What The Kobe's" are crazy.
lol thats no good, im up too :/
Per attorney Jody Johnson, Deion Sanders "has not been arrested and no protective order has been issued against him."
Expand your sense of possibility.
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay, 1971. How's your invention coming along?
I'm proly at your Girl's house twistin up and blowin stank...
Waiting for the crime scene people to get here, let's see what they find...
Christian single "Somebody Greater" Mp3 going out to radio in 2 weeks!!!!
right back at ya ;)
Don't like Lana Del Ray very much. Can't say she interests me, like at all.
I can't even sit straight, I'm too geeked...I need a drink
can`t wait till friday! putting on a show for al the kids at my elementary school:)
Working like a boss 👔
yeoooooo how'd NY go?
“: u ain't trying to go no where”// I am !!! Now book my flight
Finally....I work with someone who whistles when they talk
i funking love this movie
DR anthem collab last night " and just killed that performance! #cmtawards"
Sometimes the journey is the best part
Florida Avenue Grill: biscuits and gravy and scrambled eggs. I can die now.
Summer camps for my youngest are booked (including new option from ). Love crossing stuff off the list of to-dos.
and now one of the buds on my favorite headphones is gone
Hi there PluralMarriage
I love that has an automatic echo. Everything he RTs or favorites, so does some other guy. He has his own personal follower.
In 1983, I played "Cooky Puss" on my shitty college radio station so often that the program director ordered me to stop.
You have to live here to understand that its pure hatred. Not only that, its also Cal vs. Pitino. To go to the championship game. Wow.
In grading All the President's Men quizzes, I just realized that there is an untapped viral meme in something titled "Chappaquidditch."
dendrogram! (not as good as constellation)
Hi, excuse me KTLA 5, you already made me miss Family Guy & now Friends w/your "Breaking News." IDGAF about your news, NOW PUT ON MY SHOW.
Executive session. Hah!
need to to colleets house to help her with yard stuff at 5p. What's up?
thanks!!! I wrote it with amazing writers in Nashville. + psanders\dylan I knew it would be cool ;)
So frantic, so excited, so much sunshine!
If her legs aint shaking while eatig her pussy please kill yourself...
"..Final Fours are measuring sticks” - Izzo
I just wish sometimes people would prove to me how much they actually care.
we come to PGH for a show at 7p in Cannon Coffee in Brookline on August 20th!
WHAT IS IT
When there's jelly in the middle of a doughnut that makes it healthy right
thanks Phil ! Sometimes duty calls ! Good meetings at least ?
too bad these brothers allowed the n-word to seep into the script in a needless and reckless way! Too bad!!
"Some folks got all the luck, me, I got corn to shuck"
Thinking about a "get sauced" party with where we drink and you get some delicious BBQ Sauce. Where to have it?
And people gonna talk whether you're doing bad or good
is not hungry... but kinda wants to order Chinese and have it delivered at 1am... because she can. ;)
austin sounds like a unicorn sliding down a rainbow on a hot summer day.
CELEBRATORY PINEAPPLE.
Good Morning World! The Dead has arisen, the sun's out (for now), going to see my Pipster, fine day to be Steeler Nation, fine day, indeed!
Gone too soon, but never forgotten.
that makes two of us, your treat
said 'new authentication mechanism in Office365 and no CMIS support' how about #CMIS support for the mashup web??
Speaking this morning on "How to Maximize your Fundraising Potential" Come see me!
I only use the menu to switch between newsfeed and my wall. All the other stuff I ignore or it shows up somewhere else.
I just can't take my eyes off you. And I can't take that's one more mistake for the square peg in the world that's round
I've heard that the new DCFC is kind of a departure, right? Everyone else...more music suggestions plz!
And then people from school follow me and then I'm restricted lol.
I totally sat across from him and did not put it together. Silly me.
please follow me?♥
Got a couple bottles&Vip Tables to Suede in Old Town Tonight $250 gets u No Line,No Cover,a Table& Bottle for ur group call 60-2348-1722 now
Thanks for the shout out!
Who is this outsider in the neighborhood with the pounding bass in their car!?!? . damn spring breakers! #getoffmylawn!
Why is everyone so needy today?!
I'm gonna look into it
Gotta add the ghost of Heavy D to the "What's Good" podcast.
The is honored that so many students were able to experience and the video is wonderful too!
Omg my eyes itching like crazy..huh
so many dudes tryin to get their dicks wet. fuck off.
QOD: Some companies are asking potential employees for FB passwords for background checks! Invasion of privacy? Would you hand yours over?
So Excited That School Is Almost Over . . Whoop Whoop !
I wanna spend my days tweeting Riley all the things he is to me, does for me; and makes me feel
I wish I could meet again and get another photo since my old one got lost :,(
Judge Stops Block on Planned Parenthood Funds
I feel ya homie.. I'm still grinding wit this music, n making money..
My family loves Dell! needs followers. Congrats on your SMaC certification.
Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine. 12:00 p.m. Rally - Daley Plaza, 118 N Clark St
reddit got hyped up about holographic Tupac at Coachella. Came home and saw vid. Gorillaz has done it for years, and walking was wrong.
RT RT : :-) we actually kinda do hope and I get some love today on
I can't stop thinking Jst amazing isn't it
. We hope to convince people that we have more in common than we have differences w/use of moral language telling our story. Join us
YOU ARE VERY VEEEEERRRRY WELCOME
Thanks guys! And u 2 are without a doubt unrivaled in your passion and knowledge for and good taste in film!
m, fo real, oh really, that's how you feel?! Aha
Holaa #hunters and waddup :) Missed ya guys. :)
hello, weekend. good to see you again so soon!
On social media & religion. Dalai Lama has 3+ million followers & follows no one. Pope has 20,000 followers and follows 90.
MSNBC has John Heilemann and Joan Walsh up against some moron from the New York Post. One side is winning...easily.
Got dem racks
thx for the recent follow! What's crackin'?
elbow 2plus hours of hell
Aw shucks! Thank you both.
if babies are free, I can take all 3 of my daughters and the wife! She puts up with me reading a 2 line back page snippet in June!
If your daughter is thinking about being a stripper send her my way. I like to fuck them before they become real whores.
What music do you use to cool down after jumping on a trampoline?
Thank you very much.
#ARE4 vignettes you win this round (and the last) but mark my words- you will be downloaded.
I knew someone else would come along and say it for me. ;-)
If u having girl problems I feel bad for u son I got 99 problem but my chick aint one!
today is no longer Thursday it is officially JERZday
DELONTE WEST!!! WHAT UP?!?!?
So tell me dear: can your heart still break if it has already stopped beating?
House shopping is hard especially when my son says he needs a pool and grass area!
how about a weed brownie? With frosting?
The Gaga festival this past weekend was amazing! There was a great turnout and the bands were fabulous!
#RedWings making up for losing to the Blue Jackets. Already 4-0. I will have to turn alerts off on my iPad at this rate.
can i get that 10
Wow! 1.222 Follower! Thank you all! :*
Love u guys!! RT “: Lamar is the BEST!!! How sweet is he?”
You're right : the fish soup at Junior's is amazing, particularly on a rainy day
R.I.P to Alycia who went to ruskin & passed away»
I really do like the #RedSox throwback uniforms.
Thanks Kirsten! Will do!! :) see you soon!!!
Am I white enough to safely wear a hoodie?
what a beautiful day in #philadelphia Sad it's a less then 32 hour trip but so happy to see my awesome family
FOLLOW MY FLOWER
Does anybody remember the Colts before Peyton Manning? .............. didn't think so
How about both are great RT : Hm..I'm doing ACC..but thx! RT : Best thing about the Pac10 tourney
Good Morning everyone. Happy Tuesday to you!
Everyone go follow he's amaizing
YES. She sounds wonderful.
When do you arrive & depart? Tues & Wed best days for me...mid mornings or lunch.
RT The 2011 #USW Convention is just around the corner. Join our Convention conversation by using the #USW11 hashtag.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the non-profit organizations of America flourish!
Merry Christmas Eve!
Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.
If you have access to Kirtland AFB, come join us tomorrow from 10a-3p at the Mountain View Club for a JOB FAIR!
I know omg.
RT : If you're gonna hoe it out, do it right.
I think its great #obama supports #gay marriage. But what happened to illegal #Israeli settlements and closing #gitmo??
RT : Everyday isnt a good day....but it is a blessed one.
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WAISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE
she will write it so it will be on her account :)
RT : Let your #best be for your friend... ~Khalil Gibran #quote /via
Fort Worth, TX has announced all public schools will close through next week (May 8). A student has been confirmed to have swine flu.
People use to laugh at "e-mail", now everybody thinks "e-mail" is the coolest thing now, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
as is our boy here. Colton put together a nice little family
KARAOKE at Vintage Tonight!
I'm actually starting to feel better(: miss Kyle like crazy though):
😔😞 these drivers Ed videos <<<<
I gotta to take it easier at the gym it hurts to sneeze 😪
QoTD: "The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm". (Fred Dehner)
damn that sounds painful
Watch for the Summertime Dropouts Lyric Video/Visual for their single "Full Time Cutie" out on YouTube Tuesday! It's super cool!
Bottle Pop
i know i didnt think i was going to be able to get you away from them, looked like you were having too much fun haha (:
hi David. Maggie is at the manns for a few days.
What a beautiful day for dog walking! Amazing!!! What a fabulous job to have! So lucky we wake up everyday to hang out with dogs!!!
Welcome and thank you for the follow!
Can i parlay Orrock/Smack?
At Haitian Embassy yesterday and Thurs. Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee has mass data base to find needs n fill them
Owen Wilson did a good job channeling Woody Allen in Midnight In Paris.
a yr and a half. You still in school?
Citizen activists , Ian Trowbrodge and Diane Conklin on talking about what it takes to take on City Hall
u dam rite
I just got back from a nice walk and lunch with Jenn and Heather, its nice to get out of the house before noon sometimes.
Back to Baltimore I go, great time in Miami
and vice versa. Many ppl are in the wrong relationship b/c they choose fear.
where!! O_O I. Must. Find. Store.
Really #Starbucks? I'm a dark roast drinker..... But if I wasn't, how could I ask the short blonde for a tall blonde?
is my one true love. RT i'm stalking all your boards by the way..... :)
Ok now im hyper i think its bcuz of 2chainz
Poor Dora doesn't realize that Swiper is really boarder patrol.
thank you! Hope you had a great day!
Would you trust your soul with a man or a "god" would couldn't save themselves?? Me either! That's why I trust in Jesus! He got up again!
Why did you make that so weird.
So #Irene is tap-tap-tapping on my windowpanes, but she's way bossier about it than Suzie Snowflake.
and sydnee!!! CRAP CRAWLERS
still cant believe what went on
Lmfao! RT : #HighSchoolMemories when shit got real when tried to act like she was my mama!!
depends on how you measure. Westbrook has better bounce. Rose faster with better body control.
#thatawkwardmoment when you go to sugar grove and a druggie starts talking to you and then a shirtless kid runs over and knows him
Im about 3sec away from fucking somebody up i promise to god somebody gon lose they life.!
Time to watch Pokemon.
Listening to #SaySomethin in class, getting in trouble but I don't care, I'm so proud of you<3
Covering veterans day parade tomorrow
#20ThingsAboutMe I love Reality Tv!!!!
With Hamilton's four dingers and one double, he has 18 total bases, the second most for one game in MLB history. Shawn Green has 19.
hehe - yeah, I have a long way to go to catch up with yo_bj
your welcome. How much you got?
I'm writing this all down to let you know, I gave you my very best.
agreed, circles in G+ do seem limiting. If you post publicly, what makes G+ 'better' than Twitter or Facebook?
the eagle has landed on twitter. He's my mans follow him he's funny as hell.
She's so beautiful <3.<3
Just heard an excellent discussion on Horror movies post 9/11
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW..MUCH LUV :)
Check us on Jay Leno tonite! RGExperiment
Hanging out at the Lenox Square mall!
But what if someone with 5,000 followers retweets us, but 4,000 of them follow us anyway? Our gain is just 1000.
EXCEPTIONAL, I'd say! ;)
Hm... My turn... are you looking at this? Exacly :)
Speaking of that food drive -3 non-perish items for (get it?) gets you one free med coffee! All locations til March 31!
woah no way!!!
Sounds like a challenge 👌lol
its reciprocal bro.
I have gum. Wants some? RT : P.S. I haven't had anything to eat!
Lula Washington Dance Theatre joins us at The Hillman Center in 3 weeks! Check out their performance in the blockbuster hit AVATAR!...
It's been a month since I lost my bestfriend. A month exactly. James I miss you. #RIPJames #ILoveYouJamesPatrickOHanlon <3
“: :) you can see our new offices! I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day” cool, gettin my har did at 12
Hot damn! You're on a roll!
I don't think I have had wine from Côtes du Forez, where is it located?
Caught up the last two weeks of #Grimm. Still enjoying it very much. More backstory helping it too.
Soccer game tonight against cave with my favorite people ✌
give us what you got! it could earn you a FREE ticket and we need em NOW!!! :D
First mobile tweet ever, mark this milestone!!!
This Kristy is jealous that you are going to a KY game!! Have Fun!
LA? Why the tip?
Hello Beth, Describe how much fun you have being a Political Coorespondent at "National Journal Online"?
Comcast profit jumps 30%, with mixed results at NBCUniversal
more F bombs (and $$$ shots) than the AVN awards #MTV Movie Awards
I'm running a beta version of Quinoa right now!
“: im headed to the studio now. Get it in my G” >>>> hell yeah...
armored cable
Acutally excited to visit tomorrow. This back pain has GOT TO STOP! Help me #IOH!
THROW THE BALL OVER THE PLATE; HE'S GIVING YOU A GODDAMN OUT
anytime if you decide to call ask for George
Always in good spirits...
Blanco - day one to day 59 days after it leaves still
Missed playing the freeroll by 5 minutes was waiting on Reefer to send account validation, Good luck
"We may not be perfect but love is..."
Thanks for the RT
Terres Rouges 4 September :D with and :D
idk yet said she wanted me to go somewhere with her but she never said. Let's go to BIM
Occupy does not support any particular political party. Instead this movement has focused on the things that bring people together
Taplin: a student deciding not to be on Facebook is a political stance-not exclusion. hm. are there any students not on Facebook?
Lunching it up with some mashed taters lol
Is Audi racing the R18? Cause that might be fun to watch. Well. It'd be fun to watch anyway :)
Observing the proportional gender imbalance at the tech related presentations
Im fucking tired from doing dryland in the wind. LOL i hard literal dirt in my ears. Gross.
just when I thought Kobe was doing something honorable or not selfish for once, he throws in a snide comment like that.
Please marry me Taemin PLEASE :'c omg
Thx RT : Thanks for the follow, welcome to my TL! :)
Captives is a great read but I think Games' The Web of Empire is a better fit for the context of Global History
Just saw Bridesmaid...better than Hangover
Thank you for the invite. Definitely keep us in mind for the next adventure!
My last tweet for the next week is gonna be a good one.
You are getting blocked. Hop off my shit.
I'm really sleepy but this hoe swa they hard I really hate broke hos like Android they mama do fake taxes.
I'm looking forward to the advance premiere in NYC.
Except I just settled in.......and no dressing. So sad......lol
At #Intel attending #TitanOfIT event by #NMBW NM Business Weekly. Healthy spread.
What comes easy won't always last, and what will last won't always come easy.
Today in science Logan was being so fucking absurd he was taping his pencil and making the table make an absurd noise
I do-do all the time woopwoop
AND OMFG I JUST CAN'T EVEN
god bless the American dream. playing on Pandora and not a care in the world
yay thanks! That makes this descision even easier!
#Fake people irk me...
Oh cause it would be cool to get to watch it
Holy crap people still say that's what she said.
hey bro... When is your B-Day?
You shouldn't try to get over someone, by getting under someone else.
how buy i find Notes from a kitchen?. can't find a site that is selling it.
how is my brown skin girl doing this morning:)
A writer is a spectator, looking at everything with a highly critical eye.
best of luck too you, miss ya!!
get rowdy at the prom after party and have a literature group in the corner with bongos and Ish.
I want a mudslide & some dessert
When the hell did James Loney learn to play defense
I can't wait to see Men in Black 3
OF COURSE the cardigans come on the second you step into ikea
you back in Chi?
such an amazing time on with !!! I am so ready to get home!!! only 30 more hours of driving! ha
new money from strangers!!
First xkcd comic reference at #thatcampphilly. Probably not the last.
Nope, I took over a pretty crappy team and traded most of my pieces RT : Is this a startup dynasty?
I don't know what to do with all this extra money.
I understand, its a chilly 50 degrees here too.
<3 RT : OP forgot to tell you...GOODBYE COASTLINE, so god <3
North Carolina decision is making us people who don't discriminate look bad over here
I judge people who ask where the bus goes as they get on it.
I love it when the statues get close that fit! If you're gonna dress 'em, do it right!
Who knew relay for life would be soo painfull hahaha 3rd degree burn and cuts all over my hands from opening a coke bottles, ima sissy!
Tranexamic Acid spray will stop bleeding on contact – we make in a nasal spray for nosebleeds. Call 412-681-6400.
Waking up this early for school, to sit there and do nothing. Waste of time
me too! Ben is too much of a guy's guy to have three girls
When is there not a delay on at least one line?
Aint that something :) i use to be in your spot before.
update from TRNE...New campaign to connect Dwnestr to NYC via Lowell Jct! One seat ride to NYC!
stop being on dat nigga tip
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
Spoke too soon...
Nothing like sitting on the couch all day checking fantasy scores with the roommates. Life is good..
we search completely differently than we did 10 years ago, yet the search engine is essentially the same.
You too!
I've got the drive but I won't try anymore.
how was it?
haha I have a black one, but don't want to trade LOL!
That last move bey LeBron is legitimately unstoppable. Increidible.
You have opportunity right now, on this very day, that you'll never have again.
it was awesome. I'm pretty sure I saw Aaron tapping his foot and clapping to the beat. Great to see them support Donald.
"'Eveything is made of light,' he said, 'and the space between isn't empty.'" ~ Don Miguel Ruiz
I salute the people who aren't afraid to keep shit real (-_-)7
Cuttin JBoogi loose on chef duties tonight for Tuesday night family dinner!!! Stop @ the bush to get a taste
I'm so hungry I feel my legs shaking
the roof lol u
i HAVE N0T BEEN 0N HERE iN A G00D MiNUTE, BUT iM BACK!!!! MWAH T0 THE NEW F0LL0WERS! Hi, iM MiA ( :
Thats better :) cu soon! RT : haha I forgot you had a twitter!!
I hate to be in trouble for something so unnecessary...
Thinking an early morning drive in this Bay Area fog + would be amazing.
i feel u
Likewise, Peter! Happy New Year! RT : Prosperous 2012 wishes & #FF!
i posted the blck and white xDD
While didn't have the kind of PB I wanted, it did have beautiful avocados. Looks like I'm making guacamole instead of PB cookies
LOL(: Looks good
ugh thank god
Someone has jokes! Lol RT : Carlisle on Jackson "I don't know how long he can go to Montana and meditate. Or smoke peyote."
Girl: What does she got, that I don't? Me: My heart.
Memes trivialize politics, distract from issues - Manitou Messenger
Good morning, sweet n lovelies!
hanging in the dells with my bestie justin.
Oh, and I hope you guys don't think any less of me for using the term 'swag'...
Tyler Geving Portland State coach on Final Four tonight at 6:40 on NWSPORTS tonight.
TAX CUT ALERT! All employees now pay 4.2% instead of 6.2% for Social Security tax. Hooray!
check your email - RH shirt news!
flips Marshall McLuhan on his head. Well designed apps approaching point where message is the medium.
Absolutely not. Thanks, and thank you for your service!
Pain Management Clinic Turns to Medical Marketing Company to Boost Visibility
Amazing food (duh) by of for the #plazalife event!!
Touch down in Chicago. Mayhem to start shortly
Jonas Brothers making new music? O.o Whaaaaaa? 😱
Great chat with this morning...that place is going to rock!
Over 3 dozen of my Apps not compatible with Lion without upgrade including Offce, BBedit, Parallels , AfterEffects and more....
I gotta say it: I wish made that CISPA roll call after taking such a public stand. That's missed vote disappointed me
it's the party of the year! people get trashy as all hell. it's my favorite event of the year but this time rules are strict.
Right! I could get my family doctor to say anything to back in the day...shameful!
I see scripts in advance as part of my work. Take it from me, there's some good TV tomorrow night.
These white guys have red necks, so are they red necks
Just one of those days.......
But I dunno. I kinda don't really like Plano. Ahah
My life is better when I hear your voice...I prefer it live, but sometimes have to settle for voicemails :) miss you more.
Who needs an alarm. The birds seem to be right outside my window.
Love it! Words to live by...
your so sweet to your fans <3
Hey man! Definitely interested in rockin with my fellow Chicago Detroiters. Let's chat. Thanks for the intro!
Jaguar Land Rover Celebrates Success in New York
I put a dollar bill with UMW on it at the Griffon restaurant in Charleston, SC. I did it two years ago and its still there!
Thinking out loud: Wonder if after Coples said he knew playbook, Rex tested him today _ and it didn't turn out well for No. 1 pick.
That's awesome! DM me if you ever need accommodations again :)
I'm playing tonite at Champs in N.Versailles w/TNSB at 8PM drop by and catch a set or 2 I'm in best form of my career!!
"Guys this isnt bath and body works" "WHAT? IM OUTTA HERE" ..lmfao my science class
Sitting in the Pittsburgh airport. Flight delayed an hour. Hello NHL GameCenter Mobile.
Nobody can b who they are without being judged by some people. But Ariana believes we're all most beautiful when we're ourselves!♥ ♥Bretana♥
someone just asked if u have to be mexican to go to mexico............
If Kentucky offers him, Torian Graham will be a great fit on next year's team. He can fill the outside shooting void left by Doron Lamb.
Major omgs are going down this morning.
#Oscar : Neil "doogie" Patrick Harris rocks.
lol but yeah
would love to see teams like and
Gonna finish #myfavoritexmasmovie tonight- Diehard 2 with my wife.
Buwahah. YOU'RE WELCOME. ^^ Lemme know what 2 other pages you want! :)
The first fight goes to Nor Cal's Isaiah Gonzalez who defeated Team Take Flight's Art Alvarado at :26 into the 2nd round by TKO (strikes).
How awesome that was born on star wars day! Per molts anys and may the 4th be with you :D
Not only do we promote u, we protect it! We keep close watch on ur public activity to make sure u hit the mark! Call #TopFamEnt 4105139199
Those 2 minutes of me yelling just fucked everything up and it wasn't worth it
I see u Ken dawg!
Sometimes there's nothing more exhausting than trying to come up with an answer to "How have you been?"
RT #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the whole crew that came out today - nice work! Where were you at ??
roflol "Please get someone to tape that if you do"! Hope your good bud, congrats on movie! Darnit, got that song in my head!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
We just need 43 more HR FENers to reach 1,500. Get your friends to join us :)
Great call... It is indeed! Cc:
this is Daniel the "dude" that sang animal on the voice thanks for the tweet! Would be amazing to jam with you someday.
now it's your turn to rap (:
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack
I like girls they r cool
Gonna be a long day on the job today..but worth it!
yall must have been pretty bored in class today...?
well it was my 3rd time in a week to see &
Also, have some very good news, now have a new colleague taking on the metadata work.
Happy New Years Austin! Any plans for this year? (:
His teeth throwing up gang signs. Lol. RT : James Harden got pumpkin teeth... Damn
Argh! I guess so.
yessir! I'll hit you when I get off work tonight mann
"What works good is better than what looks good, because what works good lasts." Ray Eames. On the one hand: ? On the other, Eames.
Attending "Stop Managing Too Much with Too Little” with Pat Wagner of Pattern Research.
Katey!!!! Thank you. Can't wait to see ya soon :)
wait, what?
I've become the kind of person who can't find their glasses, then realizes they're already wearing them.
i think should follow us [: <3 ~dannah
What is this Feeling?
Ugh hope its a nice day tomorrow ... :]
Hmm It has a very "planet of the apes" feel to it because it's half submerged.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year! I hope 2011 is a great year for you ♥
Going to Fanfara Friday? We're going Blue or Red tie rather than black tie to support your Cards & Cats!
Gorgeous morning! Makes me realize how much I'm going to miss Boston.
surely "what is the context of this [text]?" is the starting point for a user considering any resource or collection?
HACK A GRIFFIN!!!!
at the apple store with my aunt....i hvnt tweeted via web in years lol
USPS site is a HUGE fail. 1. cant sign into account 2. Cant request new pw 3. Offered online help/chat-got a message that its offline
What are you being for halloween?!
i love you, and so does my best friend Shana, i just thought that you should know that. :3 <3 :D
Brand New Web-series been launched by group of Acting Students check out Pilot and Episode 1 of
Trying to keep sober @
Idk why but I always seem to eat lunch like around 2
hey pplz my sis needs to do a famous person poem will you help her out plz
what's my new band name?
Try #Digg for your news site to help optimization
PCAK has great partners! We need each one. Today we salute #KSP & Post 1 in Mayfield. Awesome response to our kick-off planning in Paducah.
My second tweet was about the death of Osama.
me and Elliott are :) hahaha!
The atmosphere here today is incredible! Let's go
miss you kinda
Can we just skip Thursday and go to Friday this week?
talking about challenges of scale in digital collections: data size, number of items, and researcher expectations
Hey,what's up,Berry? Playin this weekend?
#summerreading: A Thousand Plateaus, Archaeologies of the Future, We Have Never Been Modern, The Nick of Time...
“: Vin Scully, the greatest broadcaster in sports history, just announced on air that he'll be behind the mic next year.." YAY!!!
You're nasty. In a bad way.
I feel like every Greek god statue has a small penis. I wonder if that was the humans way of getting back at the gods.
thanks :3 “: OMM THE VIDEO YOU HAVE YOUR ICON AND BG FROM IS HILARIOUS!!! I LOVE YOU MUCH FOR HAVING THIS ACCO...”
Is possible to like someone who barely knows english? <3
always good to sell you
So excited to be at the #gwawards with and the rest of the team!!!
two experts in one session tonight : breaking down social media & helping us with dance writing!
Warmer temperatures coming for the workweek but make sure you grab your umbrella!
And don't worry...if you missed out on seeing the Captain America version, we've got it frozen in ice for now but he'll be back!
Well, today is not going as planned, but I got a few things done, at least. If only certain things were not hanging in limbo.
Sweet dreams, friends.
What a nap! Hw time -_-
Drinking Sangria coolers and taking Apple tini shots, watching some scary movie on FX. #Chillin'
#askvinny If I ever meet you in a random place will you give me a hug?
just waking up lol :P
But if Cubs want city amusement taxes to help pay for Wrigley renovation, this won't help.
Leavitt, he had only 2 loosing seasons in 12 years coaching a start up and he actually wants the job
About what time might Ty Segall go on the 1st day of the fest? I have to work and don't want to miss it!
walking outside and instantly debating whether or not to wear underarmour to our game/practice.
...Minus all the picks RT : Freeman: "..... (Rodgers) almost reminds me of Brett Favre in his three-time MVP years."
Nice... iOS 5 will be free starting Oct 12. The new friends and family GPS tracker is a little freaky though...
Stop complaining about your problems if you keep making the same mistakes over and over.
With legend man chillin and visiting the homie
in noelles dreams she thinks thats the 💩
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion #381 Todd Allen Herendeen will be there :) doing a new single
New posts up the past few days and a whole lot more in the queue, including some great new guest writers! Http://www.thecollectionblog.com
RT : Entire Republican party is one huge display of ignorance cc: /Yes..this is just ONE of MANY examples
Going to the Avs/Red wings game tonight! Hopefully we can sweep
totally cool, I know!!!
first time in a long time I lol'ed during the show.
You can't have enough white styrofoam boxes crammed in your fridge on vacation. Why grill when you can eat out 2X day?
Thanks bro!
Wish I could take a weed break instead of just a cig break right now
.awesome is king stephen
Watching Giuliana & Bill with Viggle Tue | 5PM | Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Off work now time to spark up :)
Love it!
Rain, Rain, go away. Please come back some other day!
I should've known from the beginning.
thank you Jill!!! So nice of you:)
If only you knew what he REALLY did Friday night...
I agree-just saying that,e.g.,Jewish law allows divorce,but Jesus explicitly repudiates that and other teachings in the OldTest.
I wannabe the girl he gives his hoodie to. Cuddles when its cold, comes up behind; catches me off guard & whispers you look beautiful
Proud to announce that we are now partnering up with please show us/them some support by following. Thank you
No, thankfully on paper. I think she gives them to sts, who fill in the blanks on the slides
RT : We are setting up in the white tent to the left of the entrance. Come get your drink ticket!
Oh, try raise the travel cash for study abroad on our website. Tons of students are using us to fundraise & save :)
Brandon Snyder > Darnell McDonald. If Pomeranz can save the bullpen, I'll gladly sacrifice this one.
we shall see!
RT Austin Has Our Hearts!
Leaving Chamblee HS...go Bulldogs and have a safe and fun prom!
We'll keep the light on for ya! ;-)
No Dan Wheeler and this game would have been over at 9.
Def understand that concussions are a big deal, but unresponsive is a pretty strong word to use when watching from tv.
where u at was yo number
awakening, sparking, light up, create interest in, focus....
Allie, I think Peter was just mad that aren't following him back. He keeps bringing that up. HaHa JK Pete
another NY gathering. Apple Affair 2.0
Cann i get a RE-FILL!..ayyy! :)
ohh ok that makes sense :) yeah it could be them, but what makes them so special that they could pose a threat to Klaus? Idk :/
but little sisters(:
I have 6 pockets on me right now and I'm not even wearing real pants!
Dream team! #twinsies :)
If only people were asking one another "What are you reading these days?" with the same frequency of "What are you wearing for Halloween?"
Happy Halloween!!!
SO TRUE
Spent the morning with my face in the computer. Did lots of research. I think I pulled a brain muscle.
what Brooke u gonna come eat me? xD yea itll swell up if u dnt it looks lk bitches pushed u on ur face :o
Sometimes Brodeur kind of just runs and slides around like a middle-schooler playing a street hockey pickup game.
"My Bio Says I'm Single"
If I ever hear from or see you there is going to be a misunderstanding.
Thanks ..reposted now.
LOL at how many people I've cut out of my life. I do it like its nothing. 😪😪😪
That's probably a good philosophy. I get some pretty awful emails that could have used your anxiety.
ahahaha dave how is this possible? Lol :p
Wait...Who's Vickerus married to? :o
no kidding dude. Wanna do your thing, make your own rules.
I want to steal him!! :D lol :p
NEVER!!! RT : Too old to breastfeed? A controversial picture sparks a heated debate. Local reaction On CBS 47 at 11
I'm so upset that reversed their animal testing policy. I love their products, but can't feel beautiful knowing animals suffered.
Ooh! Ben and I saw it yesterday and really enjoyed it. Let me know what you guys think!
did I ever thank you for your compliment? I appreciate the recommendation for
then make only 8lbs of super delicious.... leave them wanting more
yes sir
Kids growing up need to take a class dedicated solely to creativity! It is so important to the development of humans!
tomorrow is sunday
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
You're annoying
I actually wish I was going to catholic school so I wouldn't have to see all you obnoxious people for 4 more years.
yo bro up at ASCAP. U got some dope kicks tho!! Haha.
YO ANN BABE
Morning Cannabis Community! We keep fighting for our rights to safe, legal access to #cannabis Medicating is a right, not a privilege!
Don't miss #entrepreneur ": Thomas M. Borger speaking at InnoTech Dallas 5/17. Join us! #innotechdfw"
Although I am happy to be hired to get stuff done, I prefer when the clients let me make the design matter
I wish it was warm out :\
Scheib: Dutch male sex workers emphasized the money they made, while the women spoke about loving their job.
At work...and it's kind'a boring 😒
God is going before you making your crooked places straight!!
Last year on this day, #PopeBenedictXVI performed #Easter Mass at St. Peter's Square in #VaticanCity. |
we ran Resin as soon as it was available... We will always keep room for some drAft only releases...
high class problems...
After certain conversations, the Quiet Storm on Foxy 104.3 is not the best choice selection of music to listen to *sigh*
yeah it nothing knew. Been hating people since 1996
Breakfast Networking Hour 8 am – 9 am. Registration for breakfast is required.
Coming soon, a classic love jam for all the #Beautiful ladies, "I wanna be your man!" by fea. Roger & Zapp! Wow.
I miss the OLD woe is me.
Heavily Tattooed Ladies With Red Hair Wearing J. Crew.
It's always this that.
Playing in a $50k tournament on Fulltilt in 2 hours, should be fun
So--you were right about Spaz staying this past year. Can we get rid of him after this year's 4 win season?
big sale at Dillards...I brought home one skirt. And I can't wear it until summer.
Kobe is a
love the picture!
Only way I'll watch the Oscars is if zombies start attacking the audience.
I think it's time for a hair cut!
High five!
Whew! Starting over is gonna take some time to get use to.
Excited to see American Reunion 🎥😝
Hate when people like Ugly dogs
It's snowing outside my office window; today has officially turned to crap.
did you get my boa xfer? Confirm pllzzzzzz <3
I would love to! Wanted to read it anyway.
Just had an epic feast
Is the country equivalent to ?
"Knock You Down" is like, one of my favorite collaborations and love songs. I mean, really... I could dedicate it to anyone ;)
I been dry for a hole week :/
Sure gonna miss you while you're gone for 2 months at bootcamp
Greece and private creditors work to renegotiate debt. Credit default remains possible if investor participation is too low.
nothing really just work work and more work lol busy
zeke read my twits.
We Still Dream's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall, & MORE EVERYONE NEEDS TO COME TO THIS!
Question: is Hershel a Vietnam vet?
HDA's Amy Zimmerman moderates #disability & the #law panel at today
tell him about it
All cleaned up now
I am limping to the subway. BC I fell in the middle of the street today. Lol shut out to the Spanish kid that picked m up.!
The LSU-Bama game from earlier this year disagrees ": This could be the worst game I have ever watched! Most boring! #SugarBowl"
BIG thanks for the follows and shout outs!!
Just did
I know right? it's from the Seen and Noted section from last week...
yay! The race course took us to our farmer's market too
please follow
let me fix my hurrr
Blood sign being thrown up RIGHT in front of the camera... UNACCEPTABLE for my children. *turns off tv*
I was just randomly asked to answer a few questions by ESOL students from - what a such a courageous homework assignment!
yesterday bitch
If you are going to be stuck on a plane on the tarmack of PHL for 3 hrs, there are no better people to be next to then the people around me!
LOL! Reminds me of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, Partying Is Such Sweet Soiree "Sugar, precious..."
Dumbest day of my lifee.
Finishing the evening with The Princess Bride. Anybody want a peanut?
ugh people are pissing me off #bored someone
reunited with and it feels so good.
any news on ? I'm really hoping to see him do his thing this year...
Only a few more hours to get your recipe submitted for the Grill Cookoff contest. Voting begins tomorrow.
Saturday ceremonies for #2012AUGrad are finished. We'll see everyone again tomorrow for & commencement ceremonies.
Head over to to win a prize package from
who the hell is sleepdilla? ask me and i will tell you?
How about shopping for sex toys instead?
administration=conspiracy,extortion,pedophilia and now scatology
Something about Detropia project doesn't ring true. I question if their realization truly came mid-production.
What's up with Chicken at GT Fish? It is delicious...
Heidi & Bryan's wedding tonight at Morris Chapel & The Reserve was a hit! Awesome shots. Loving long veils!
don't be afraid to send all your redsox shit you won't wear up here. Haha jk good luck w the Os. You deserve a shot !
no food cravings that I remember but thanks for sharing the article!
but understanding their excuses and finding ways to change their minds is how we get recognizing to happen
Made real progress getting single-sign on working on #Teradici zero-clients with and #VMware View.
Mobileux camp is September 15. Hope you can make it.
Come on by! Have you seen the new office in Northwest #PDX?
Took me an hour and a half to learn 5 different things.
Had a wonderful weekend, spent it with the people who really and truely matter... My friday night started it all.
i know right? omg
Its finna b hot as hell
God only got one book published, and look how good he is?
It's Wednesday ! Have a fantastic day!!!
Unlike Fed, where losses to folks like Canas live forever
NKY 3rd grade students increase reading scores to 82% up from 77% NKY is on the move in the right direction but we need equitable fundin ...
Any restaurants/wine bars/wine shops celebrating #LanguedocDay?
On a positive note, I'll get to keep that personal day that I was going to use to see the victory parade.
They kicked your sister's bicycle
Come on #CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!! Let's move on to Round 2!!
#Didyouknow Yunnan Pu-er Teas were found to have the ability to destroy cancer cells? - Yunnan Natural Medicine Research Institute
Buildings swaying, trains are all running late....be safe everyone & get home!
almost got a heart attack watching dexter... finale's gonna be off the HEEEEEEEZAY!
#NothingFeelsBetterThan getting a text from someone you care about ♥
Subway n then the bed
As a father of a 6 yr old girl, I relate to this post on a deep level. Great post!
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart.
seriously? you have to pay for this??? not cool & quite sleazy.
I hate being in HS & curfew! :( I'm jealous.
contemporary katy selverstone
everything is good, getting ready to shoot the pilot for my web series in the next couple weeks. How have you been?
In the last session, policies were made to reflect practices. That might be the case here.
hiding in the bushes. ready 2 sneak attack the man w/kisses when he gets home.
i hear that RT : I'm gonna be giving the Keurig a run for it's money today... Now off to a staff meeting.
My neighbor is trying to get me to go to his gym....its as if hes calling me fat hahHhaha wtf.
G'morning tweet peeps or G'night whichever one it is have a good one, enjoy it!
A new label affliation may be coming soon. Keep it locked!
Which means I get to see Speedy:)
"this is how we do it" acoustic. Done.
Damn for da last 3 days alot of people been talking bout FB's
good talking to you last night homie! Enjoy LeBoom!
- it seems that their entire network is down at least from Comcast .... traceroutes stop at Comcast in Texas. GIANT Bummer!
That guy painting with dancers was so awesome on
You sir..look like a monkey. :D
the hatred of many working and middle class ppl holding on to any privilege they can is just as deep
most interesting day at busch gardens today... wow :) lol
Just got done checking on tasks running in my pc.
All Aussie directioners on my timeline are like 'HARRY'S NAKED!' and I'm sitting here watching spongebob... Because ayitm ISNT ON HERE
they keep deactivating & reactivating their account -__-
Aqua Teen Hunger Force. #1 in the hood G
Saw #SafeHouse. Not my type of movie. Enjoyed date night w/friends though!
Put your shoes on, & your feet down. Your feet smell, damn ratchet.
If I can't see the new twitter does that mean I'm blind or just technically challeneged
Thanks! RT : We heard our good friends at cleaned up at the recent Addy Awards! So there's only one way to celebrate...
:D RT <3 oh my God. Thankyou. I love you guys. c':
And someone's sitting down black pastors who speak out/advise people not to vote. Would love to hear those conversations.
my ipod fell on my face :(
Get on what exactly? ": lmao she's a waitress at the club I'm at every Friday, I'll get on sooner or later lol
it is?
potential game winning field goal?
what raido station was one dirction was on in the usa?
Sara Underwood just called and she said she wants to get under my wood, say wa?
Summer theme song I predict to be. "Drunk on you" by
Steam Train?
Thanks, Christina, good company to be in! ": #FF ”
twitter fans: get 15% off your next order with shopping cart page code "ripmachoman". good until 5/28/11!
looked through the book "1001 albums you must hear before you die" and saw no entries for Dave Matthews Band. All is right in the world.
I am thinking that my granddaughter may be born tonight or very soon :)
Pizza of the week: Veggie Deluxe -Onions, green peppers, mushrooms, fresh spinach, sliced tomatoes and green & black olives.
Life is starting to bore me.
whats good pimp
We've been crunched working on a documentary. :(
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
So there was this chick right. She was a bitch. The End.
“The great Emperour of Ethiopia hath bin outed... and the grand Turk hath bin strangled” - James Howell, A Winter Dreame, 1649.
too cold to clean the windows. darn.
Just got informed some douche kids are still trying to be bullies to my lil bro again. Told him to punch them in their face. Other sugges?
Thanks Ash! Great job!
consider your awkward moment destroyed. We're ashamed at our poor etiquette. Forgive us please? We think you're great!!...
people respect us more after our win though.
follow me please:) xoxox
Ungodly noise woke me up at 4:45 & sleep has evaded me since. Gonna be a long day. Thanks rats.
Generally, yes.
good - am here in BK mourning MCA w friends - what're yr wkend plans?
i meant that I was here for - but sweet!!!! Love u guys!
Good morning, good morning! What did you do this weekend?
#TheAvengers was awesome!
I'm so butter, Fabio can believe it.
5:45AM - on my way to the Cherry Blossum 10 miler. No - this is not an April fools day joke. What have I done? :)
what about the person who is broken about being more holy than you? :)
Most people want good characterization in their stories.
in seattle plz?
Vegas First Friday Art walk, who's down?
Outta site....Outta mind....it always is wht it is!!!!:-)
Why you be hatin on the romantic stuff? :(
Ugh. So sorry about all the mishaps. We'll let the manager know.
I miss #FVSU , one more year after this one !
Ha! Thanks for the love! xx
hurt where ? Cali !!! good home nothing new . lol
hahah right?.. but na he dropped a video right after that explaining... but he was good as fuck at that lol
#RiversCrossing tomorrow. If you live in the Cincinnati area, come hang out with us. 930 and 1115 AM.
do you have any creative ideas for me to get harry to follow my twitter if i were to see him :/
Looks like today is my last day of work for the year! Super efficient me has finished up all work early so bossman said wrap it up today!
you rock
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven <3
you're sleeping over?
i really do wish i had that something that'd make me "extraordinary".
#thingsaboutme I'm a guy who likes when my girl is clingy
Luck is what I need!
I mean really, how inept can we be? Some $6.6bn flown into Iraq 8 ago may have been stolen, according to a US official investigating fraud.
noo it's from mean girls ! Duh
Aye Bro Why Marlboro Methol Light???? I see All the NewPorts Around All The Drink
good to hear. Just checking in. Back in Philadelphia in May
Indeed, it would be less unseemly if he were a railroad coolie instead of one of his era's most dominant pitchers.
It goes dwn inside Bar Wed. (8800 broadway) No Cover. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party!!!
no because it's a Monday! And happy early birthday girl!!!!
And I'm gonna try to look less anonymous soon, but yeah - I can see why it would be hard to find me. :-/
Arrive in May--Kevin can hook you up! RT : I've been flirting with putting those on my list
Spreading myself too thin....gotta make some sacrifices!
The most unnerving thing is seeing someone with a blind people stick crossing a street wile you're driving.
lol i was already on the court & I still do, had to fingure some things out mane
im just sayin, you should have let her have it
For every fact you THINK you know there are a million facets you will *never* know
If you really tell hundreds of people, we will come there soon! You're amazing :)
First wine of the evening is a 2010 Chateau LaMothe de Haux White Bordeaux
Have you reviewed Catching Jordan yet?
Honey BBQ shrimp paired with a honey-moon is delicious
I was greeting one of my friends so sweetly. I was all like: Hey loser and then they were all like: hey shit head
"You don't know how hard I worked. I sold crack to kids man!... They overdosed..."
How do we as Jewish educators find depth with a millennial generation used to short sound bytes?
Wow, Luongo just put that puck in his own net, 2-0
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 105
I can't promise I'll always no what to say or what to do but I can promise I will always be here even if its just to listen.
JUST ANNOUNCED!! The Holden Young Trio will be at next Friday May 18th in #Denver!
Oh, no! Didn't mean it as a game. Meant it as jealousy--audiobook holds me back from reading faster or more often.
Happy #Tuesday everyone! Shine on!
Are you GOING RED on Friday in support of Wear Red Day? Together, we can fight the No. 1 killer of women by creating awareness of our...
Last one-in your bath add rose petals,lil'honey,lil' perfume w/lil' piece of paper with the name of a man you want to attract.
Presidential candidates have a position on global warming, but do they have a position on the UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship)?
#20thingsaboutme 10. I love to eat. People are always suprised about how much i eat cause i dont gain wait. lol
Watching Alvin & The Chipmunks! (:
Bout roll in the Benz and blast #WIPEMEDOWN ALL DAY
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 3pm! Turn HOT on now!
Times Ben hard lately but today is the day it will get better
I learned alot from these fuck niggas. Good times they fuck wit ya bad times they dont fuck with ya! #WonderWhyHisHeart Cold
Yes Sir! We do. We love the guys and had a great time touring together recently in the philippines and Guam.
Typical generic rap song is on... Christian mom "what r u listening to, turn it off, it offends me" Kid "profanity"
Uhhmm sites.I usually edit on phone but I think u can try pizap, it's not really a cool site, but atleast you can edit there:)
Hate the pins & needles feeling when your foot falls asleep!
Registered for the California International Marathon, already looking forward to getting out of Chicago in December
I know I'll never get the hair back in my profile pic, but that jacket is somewhere. $100 reward! I think it's in Baton Rouge.
#LetsGoHeat ! RT“: Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..”
Zizi and Elaine both presenting "What if the Internet Did Not Speak English?" at ICA 11
"We rarely out-perform our self-image." - Maxwell Maltz (Psycho-Cybernetics)
If you weren't holding that iPad I would've thought you were Amish.
Facebook will KILL Instagram.
To the next person who tries to argue with me over $2 I will say, "m'am, your greed killed Donna Summer."
The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
: would love a wave invite if you have some to spare... [ stscdr (at) gmail.com ]
get a one way ticket to palm springs and eat there when we drive back
that's awesome BJ!
Wait... I thought this was the replay...
Cool to see in the commercial!
haha I'll see what I can find. I've definitely been slacking on the free swag so far.
Don't say "stop hating" when u do (hypocritical much)
Sad dat ppl don't take care of there self evey time u feel sick
Thanks!,RT : Very pretty and not overdone!
Vote for us on Urbanspoon. Just made the top 100!www.urbanspoon.com/r/43/1547488/restaurant/Town-of-Lake/Off-The-Clock-Bar-Grill-Milwaukee
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Nick Mohlmann w/ his 2nd double of game w/ one out in the Mineral Point 4th but he was left stranded. After 4 innings, Fennimore leads 5-1.
We're $2K away from taking 1st place. Help win the #culturesofgiving donor challenge!
Oh yeah, I saw "Revolutionary Road." Very depressing! What kind of movie are you looking for?
Panera bread is my life. I feel like I'm always here.
Is it bad that I'm high right now
That is no joke! Everyone wore their crazypants today.
Had a great nutrition meeting/sampling at My Dinner Kitchen last night! The food is outstanding!
was 88 Eric Lindros was my hero
no, I wish... I probably won't be there till this summer
Dustin's at the doctor now. I hope he's okay :/
I will my friend.
Sound on #americanidol is bad tonight. Mix has vocals too far back and speakers are phasing. Sounds like in a tunnel
We are playing at the Vans Warped Tour Music Showcase this FRIDAY (the 29th) @ the Marquis Theater in Denver. Tweet us if you want tickets!
Seriously WTF with twitter unfollowing people for me it's pissing me off.
To some of us that haven't yet met them! <3
"BITCH, I'm a mother fuckin' monster!"
Here Comes The Quarterback? In A Custom ... - Internet Safety Rules
all the pain you kept inside you even though you might not show, if I can apologize for being wrong then its just a shame on me.
hell yea that's my shit lol
Listening to Waylon Jennings live at the US Festival in '83. Great, but not as fuzzed and phased as his live stuff from a decade earlier.
My nickname for today is Big Daddy Smoke
are you dating emma? She's pretty and very lucky. I hope you're happy:) because if you are, we are too.
I wanna go on a date.
seriously so great to see you - Outings w/ a baby are no simple task. Lydia is a glowing mother!! You're just tall.
Snownami in Philly - or is it Snowmagedon?
Soldiers Return from Afghanistan and Pay $2,800 for "Extra" Bags ... Thank you Delta Airlines!
Damn R.I.P. Whitney
oh you know. surviving school. trying NOT to sleep through the boring lectures. wishing one of my profs wasn't so awful. but good!
Schedule post
Great, look forward to talk to you in detail. Thanks a lot.
;) awesomeness! have fun !!
Sing me a lullaby. Lol jk
your icon is so cute ;). how are you? xoxo.
KS: Chuck Berry's Cadillac represents his agency and approach to the business of music
Forgot shit was goin down this weekend!
Small talk is easy when the weather is nice. Just mention how nice it is and you're set.
Day or night?
I dunno about Portal as the current
u said u were going out of town for 2 months. I guess u changed ur mind?!?!
Kris = My heart
my phone died! ill try doing what we talked about!!!
Shes The High Priestess
I've been having one of those days for about 2 years now. It sucks.
god no. Im the "man of honor" on my sisters side. So maid of monor but with a penis.
Great tribute and “: RIP MCA..."
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions. -- Lou Holtz
. I agree! Has to be a conversation.
im dating him and da words below are my signature cause im on myy phone . *I Love Aaron*
At the "Genuine Ken" screening with the rest of the cast and even Whitney's lovely parents:) Can't wait for you guys to see this show!!!
I seen you cuz, very unscumbag like. ": Damn I'm around nerds for all of 20 minutes and I think Twitter simpin' is cool ...wtf"
I think you may have hallucinated it.
picking up my favorite pup in the world!!!! Mr. Wilson from getting his hair cut. :)
Wow. Actually exactly that, yes.
Is it weird that I sometimes find people with a little rosacea kinda #cute?? Who doesn't love rosey cheeks??
its weird how you can go from knowing everything about someone to barely speaking to them..
I'm watching here.
Shout out to the ROTUNDA Building 7th floor CREW for buying 9 containers of BESTO PESTO. PEACE and FEAST.
Some people may not agree with my choices, but that's the point.. They're MY choices. Don't worry ab what I'm doing & take care of yourself.
It's funny how people didn't bully me before, and now they do. hm... :'(
WHEW HEW!!! doggie duty is over... for today. Children out of school early and Tory can now take care of her little mutt... (lovehimthough)
How was it?
And you should know that I missed you so, so bad
#FreeFoodStamps mean deep freezer sales about to sky rocket
cant waiitttt;) bring him to the dance fridayy
also... 4/4 is my birthday, an announcement would be a superb bday present.
I Bet You A Turtle You Won't Tweet Me.:)
Well... We have to do duo impromptus is forensics, I thought I was done after singles. Shit...
yu're my look crush , he's my sex crush .
I've been a fan since Clueless,Road Trip was awesome and your new series is GREAT! Question:Amy Smarts boobs scale of 1 to 10?
#NowPlaying "Special" - The Game
subbotnik In Soviet Union, practice or act of working voluntarily on a Saturday, for the benefit of the collective
good luck! If you want to move to detroit I could put you in touch with investors, but I'm sure you don't want to do that :)
Fuck it, forcin myself to sleep even though im wide awake..
Headed out to do some anti-black-Friday activities, including some geocaching!
Ask about Richie & punch him in his vagina
DWStweets Romney thinks corporations are people—and now he says banks are feeling same pain as underwater homeowners.
Gonna forget all my worries thru lots of rotations of a circular plate and jumping around like a monkey at approximately 133 bpm.
Nyjer Morgan quit on that ball. Dive, you get paid millions. BUT I will take it!
I feel like sobbing.
Nov 27th - Old Fashioned #Christmas celebration - Parade 12:30PM followed by activities and Santa - 5:30PM tree lighting at City Hall.
Ok so TUSD is being really stupid they want to cut the music programs from schools and the only thing thats keeping the grades up in the ...
What makes sports great? Screaming yourself hoarse with your wife, mom-in-law and 54,088 of your closest friends at the Dome! Win #Twins!
If you are in Chicago make a point to go to the Art Institute's new Modern Wing, and pack a lunch. It lives up to the hype.
Listening to some Soulja Boy and acting gangsterr. I'm on that #swag ;)
all head exercises lol
Happy Earth Day!
are they good? I just want some because they are called Yoko's.
RT - Im dancing n my miami dolphins jersey n pannnnntieeees !! Hehe
And then there's me,a brown skinned chubby quiet ignorant tall azz nigga(for a 14 year old)
Good Afternoon Stinky Fans!!! Hope you all had a great weekend, Today is National Zucchini Day! Enjoy some bread and Stinky today :0
FYI: DEREK JETER KNOWS ME AS: MRS. MORGAN'S DAUGHTER HE DONT KNOW ME BY MY GOVERNMENT NAME
should've led with Clippers....
that is really unfortunate. Simple subtraction and she didn't know the answer.
Dostoevsky, by far.
god i want shoulder tats.. :-)
Happy May Day everyone! April showers bring May sausages.
I need answers DAMMIT LIKE
It's quite effective.
Well at least you've got standards.
Fantastic dreams about animal-like creatures,.winged turtles,singing cows,, robotic-pigs and rabbits...
dang mad respect for #daughters nas! but is it aite if some of us are still on STILLmatic? haha!
There's no need to blush. Unless u get to see whats under my zipper... ;)
"The way i look at it if he pokes me on facebook he wants to get married and have kids with me"
RT : "Its not what you are that holds you back, its what you think you are not." - Denis Waitley
I agree. Costa Rica has got nothing on the
The PBWIFF is taking a hiatus. Check back in 2013. Thanks to everyone who made it our first year a success. Stay tuned......
My cousin just told me to write to Ellen and tell her my story
Been absent lately as I took 2nd job, the 1%er who employed hubby got caught w/ hand in cookie jar and job went bye-bye.
I'll have to check on the "live" part.Will it happen at 10pm Friday? Are you ready for the event? :-)
has #swagg like no other
you're welcome: )
Happy 235th Birthday America!
I'll be sitting here for ever following all of ' followers, LMFAO. Tell your followers about me! <3
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20-F
What a great luau celebration. Welcome to the #SWE Hawaiian Islands section
think positive lil ladyu got your closest&bestest spending time with u on your Bday! The world cant go on with TinaB being sad :(
My mango addiction is getting out of hand.
I'm fucking pathetic
Renfields tonight at 123 Pleasent Street! Come and get molested by the Fiend!
Reading #unlimited it's amazing
Thanks Qui I'm trying
Just Finished Designing The #BrickSquad Special Edition #HoodPromoDVDMagazine Cover
Happy post-holiday unMonday!
Mission Pack Space Food Sampler with Astronaut Ice Cream and Space Food Sticks
You remember "the chew rule" too?
Listening to #FrankSinatra this Sunday morning....on my way to work. :P Oh yeah.... #HappyEaster!
Amen, sista wee! That perpetual dumb/wide-eyed expression. Ugh. I can't wait til that show is cancelled five weeks in.
Has never been so excited to go to sleep.
": #halelujuuer !!! She got her own car she got her own house ! #hoodrich for Eva Eva."<--and that's why I love my girl!
Thank you....and I have no idea...try searching by name Gary Christopher...
Finally found my prom dress!
you know we are :) (kendall) oh yeah
About to play temple run.
Jeff Narvid, director of learning/development , -- Learned that sometimes REALLY smart people don't get it... or maybe they do?
Makes perfect sense!
Favorite Josh friendship: Josh & Victoria Justice.
this Champ life is good
Practically gave me heart phailure
NO i haven't watched it yet!!!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1O,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
Judging by the savages ripping bed,bath,beyond apart, NYC is done for
Jesus taught that although John the Baptist was not Elijah, that he did fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return.
To all of our friends and customers, we hope you all had a great easter weekend.
Damn i dont want to go to school but fuck i hate missing shit
Turns out that quality time with the flat iron this morning was not time well spent.
No :( how .shxidjjed. Just how. Patriots, come on )':
Yeah go ahead. Lol
#thelyinggame And how long has Sutton known? Is being a sociopath genetic?
Celebrate the flavors of Fall with our Pumpkin Spice doughnut!
Busy reference desk shift. Folks still looking for textbooks and lots looking for language software must add to purchase list
Keep an eye on Channel 4 News this evening for some #kegride coverage.
Who do you feel is most talented in today's music?
Hey dude, how'd the half-marathon go? I stumbled across the line at 2:26.
we are both going to a wtp date! amanda on the 14th and brooke on the 16th! :) we both have vip too! :)
I didn't know you were offering premium themes... Links?
Maybe if I put pants on and actually went out and did something today I'd be less pissed off.
need 5tb data mobility solution. cost effective access that will grow 1tb per month, then weekly by 2013. frack me!
Yay! RT : Great class at with ! I really needed that.
There's a college in Maine!?
Nordo! Can I still call you that, even though it's not your name anymore? :)
Likewise. It's hard to believe Adam Yauch's death was less than a week ago.
i still turn to you. ♥
wish I knew you were in Baltimore, I would ha ve bought you a pint to go w/ that crab cake!
check yo email. i sent u like 16tags. use them all wit dif beats or save sum and throw away the rest. w/e u wanna do wit em lol
This is funny! Live documentary!
2day is all about driver license, license plate, car registration, n dealing w/people who apparently don't shower b4 starting d day
without obamacare I have to continue to pay for their medical care. Can you propose a fix before throwing out this one?
Check in to on Foursquare during the game tonight for a free coozie to keep your $1 Beers cold!
Started Run with at 11:16 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Head of Miami Dade schools-we need to be learning tech and information. A school librarian can help with this!
what time u get off?
Seriously. I thought I was a slow writer in English. Four paragraphs in French is taking forever.
Would love to see some more beautiful pictures of Lyons again. Anyone interested in posting some?
My heart fluttered seeing the preview on for the new season of #SweetGenius. Sweet Genius Host = Robert Blake in Lost Highway?
Great weekend w/ family in Fondy. Had a fantastic Saturday dinner at Schwarz Supper Club & visited Lighthouse Christian Church 2day.
You think you're smart? Your friends r smart? Get your best peeps and join us Wednesday night for the battle of brains. 8pm, Geek Pub Quiz
watching Game 5 of the 1986 NLCS Mets/Stros on MLBN, Doc Gooden/Nolan Ryan, what a game, what a team
#OoooOhhhHhh RT : Dying 😂😂😂 RT : *eric griffin noise* that is all
Gorillaz - Do ya thing
#AskObama Can you lower trademark fees for small businesses? Maybe from $375 to $50 dollars for one year. Innovation starter.
Every so often, someone asks how Mark and I are related.
can the BOGO passes be gifts? Can't figure out how on the website -- "assigns" tickets to me.
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x10
. won't be the same w/o Beadle or Cowherd. They're the best thing about ESPN *tear* cc:
is still lol'n at Nick's quote of the day, after vacuuming the stairs, "When you walk up & down the stairs, do you just pull your hair out?"
Beyond bored. Somebody text me or something
maybe it's an Anaheim curse this year.
Its time for bed. I'm leaving in the a.m.
Looking for a #TacoTuesday in #SanDiego What are your favorite suggestions my beautiful San Diegans!?!?!?
I'm not loving the Jordan bashing from Dani with Kalia #BB13, of course...we love throwing j/j under the bus....sheesh
hey gorgeous
The Giants need to run the Annexation of Puerto Rico. Best play in the book.
not if u have the MVP on ur team! Dwade will never win a MVP!
Plume huh
This weather is tricky
Frederic Haber from Copyright Clearance Center. The C not a registry but a licensing agency "we hope we can help"
Its Only A matter OF Time
I'm bringing my Mom tomorrow morning! So excited!! See you soon!
just a way of saying we appreciate your interest and support and you hitting us up to chat.
Thanks to actress/author Victoria Rowell and attendees for a wonderful discussion at today’s Lunchtime with a Soap Opera Diva!
That sounds yummy! Enjoy RT Oatmeal with fresh blueberries and egg white spinach omelet for breakfast! Yumm!
You know someday Blanket Jackson and Apple (whatever the last name is---gwyneth paltrow's kid) are going to have a sit down and say WTF?!
Reach the climax .
what is twitter fox
The Wine Lover site & the units behind it are for Sale. If you have interest contact me
That would put a smile on some Google engineer's face.
Heavy rains predicted here. Good 4 the grass & clear the air of pollen. But apple tree in full bloom will probably lose most of its flowers.
This #EarthDay, US needs to unearth her natural resources: gas, #oil, #shale, #coal. #EnergyIndependence for America! RT
Chillin' in the apt … still trying to figure out the best way to organize my time. ;)
I think Stephen Hawking and Howard Zinn are my favorites.
Last song on radio before I got out the car: Flyover States - Jason Aldean. First song that pops up on Pandora: Flyover States: Jason Aldean
Daymond is ALWAYS telling people to hold up so he can say "I'm Out"
Im looking for Plays that are ready to be produced. Put a package together, fund is fully financed. let me know if u have something.
Surgeon in the elevator looks at me says nice big watch Doc, I said TY I'm not a Doc but yah its Dolce & Gabana with Sworovski Crystal
What a joke! ": Gets paid to write about sports ----> RT : Wait, "fighting ducks"? Really?"
and I love you, Tiffany.
"He's definitely thug-not"....hahahah
looking for another marathon to run?
