Who's driving? she said and smiled in her special way i know i'm too drunk to...
my draw something is batmansbabee
More from The Natives/trademark/3rd element/those guys crew
Why do I not eat strawberry shortcake every day?
It's a great day to: "Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, & look forward to what's coming next."
I think it's kind of neat when my ears pop on planes. Pop pop pop.
1 not being bad at all
Ah...I knew there was something fishy about that call.
You're too kind! Thanks for the #ww love!!
hey coach vogel...nice "flop" by dahanty jones
Why is #yoboyfriendgay a trending topic. Is that really a concerning issue on late-night twitter?
8 Mile: I love the Movie, I love the Album and I love the Song :)
She deserves it though....
Want to earn money online? Had no success? Then you need to visit ptcsitesofawesomeness.blogspot.com
I want to come!
what's up
Thanks for the shout out. Will we be seeing you on April 28th?
in a blowout!
My cab driver is playing dirty rap. Stay classy, Toledo.
your welcome! and Thanks I root for him and Denny every week
remember whaat?! that it's now exactlyy 8 days left??
I used to jam hard to the Jonas Brothers.
need to get a ft on dis song i recorded might hit my nigga up
Great to connect! Look forward to following you!
Take off the limits!
100% certain that there's a market for this.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Thanks so much for your kind #FF!
coffee to go box, but party box is a way better choice. holy moly all 96oz, way to go ! Serious drinkage!
just saying there are lots of options for creative swing votes in this saga. Some good, some not so good.
What a beautiful night on the Square! Stop in!
When children don't get what they want = tantrum. When adults don't get what they want = ???. To me, this determines level of immaturity
Alright well a deal is a deal we're going to tune in! What'd you think of our single?
What if he's broke like me?
Slept in until noon, now headed out with the family. I hate all this rain.. 😓
Thanks for the follow, Hypnotherapy is a whole new world I know nothing about...
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success
Can I please be as brilliant as Jane?
Thank You Tonya!
and walking
Happiness comes from a life of meaning and purpose, so here's 15 Things You Should Give Up To Be Happy via
Sounds like #BB14 is running scared.
": Trying to make it to my bro show tonight. He ignoring my phone calls :-(" never!!! Call me
wait there's no hockey on espn?! Your on the wrong channel man
Three 100 yard rushers.
Another solid workout with our college guys this morning. Conference call with at 11:30. HS/College sessions tonight at The GYM
I hate that shit comes on so late on the east coast...
"Trust your Heart" To Uyen Nguyen, "Even if..." Nowen, "Spaghetti and Fish Paste" Bonzai, "Monalisa’s Smile" Rea, "Right Place" Miyoba ^_^
This girl with the blue eye shadow needs I stop grillin me!
Good practice in Richmond, nice to knock some dust off. I'm definitely out of practice, but hey, I forgot my chausses & I can still walk!
Ask a Lawyer is being held at the Main Library on May 1st at 1 p.m. They will provide free legal advice to the public on a first-come basis.
worse. I got a PhD some years ago.
Due to exhaustion, I showed up to work for the wrong shift 3 hrs early. At least I wasn't 3hrs late...right?
Yesterday in music class our teacher let us sing any song we put in a hat and picked mine. So we sung #SoListen by :)
Been going to This American Life movie. Found out that Snap's gonna be there, wanna go even more but can't :(
It's really weird watching my grandma and aunt work out
We have Veterans concerned about healthcare, and Green party supporters concerned about environmental issues and genetically-modified foods.
It's hard to watch #dexter when you're in an ice truck.
Daughter's playlist changed all of a sudden - she shouts, "Pst! Kirk Franklin just threw off my groove!" LOL
Is that cookie still up for grabs? Looking for a snack.
I need to get my new serger set up so I can sew a lace belly dance wrap top! I'm tired, but I want to try it out tonight.
You know it's going to be a long day when you yell 'Seriously?!?' at your alarm clock.
Merry Christmas....You are in my thoughts and prayers!!!!
Another dead rat right outside except this ones just fat and dead and not run over by 50 cars.
I just aim to live my life, give love, follow passions, & do my best to be a good person & friend who gives with my whole heart.
Wilson was high on their board. I can't question Reese, the man has a good eye. We needed another good RB to back Bradshaw
lipstick & mustaches
The Lovely Boners
Im Switching To E-Z Wyder's : )))
omg the drag on glee is singing starships!!!!! omfg!!!!
Great presentation - will start a tab at the terrace beer stand for your next visit.
I'm late as hell for work I wish. Time stopped.
: How does every1 in a learning org. make their mark? How do we lead so all can & do?
Don't ask... Everyone there should be even, At least 2 dvas match over 5 minutes
Those are so awesome. I cut out skulls this year for garland but nowhere near 50. Props!
the song is Great <3 this is why you are my inspiration <3
do you really cut ur self???
Thanks for the FF mention!
Leftover tuna-fish casserole for lunch..yum
This weekend is going to be fun af!!!
break free
The Action Fund has given 100% Pro-Choice Rating! Scott Peters stands up for women and choice. Spread the word!
It completely baffles me when celebrities commit crimes. Tf are you thinkin?
RT : If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries
Hi JA, I wold love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
and Jags just for taking a Punter in the 3rd
Go workout and have fun with your fitness! Today's regular foods are not getting any healthier. Go exercise and be fit for life!
The lake show about to come on lets go lakers
just saw a trailer for the new PLL, it looks amazing! I love Ali's quote, "Did you miss me?" Yes, everybody missed you! =))
Wat u want RT bring me something.
Man mike we need a big talented wideout in Denver !!!! Sign with us!
Proud of you! Was thinking crossiants & adult beverages in the near future?!
Menopause: A Naturopathic Approach - Tucson Citizen
#Connected was tremendous.
you traitor
First it's all like I lov you.. And then it's all like... I CAN'T STAND YOU!
Lamar is so hot it isn't even funny.
It feels like summer here in So-Cal! If you're getting outside and getting active, try wearing your #PostureShirt. Posture makes perfect!
Oh yes! The Jets tears! M. It feels so good!
BEST DAY WITH ALEXIS EVER
G O O D N I G H T ( These are crackhead hours)
The FHS Powercats take the PTC Design Award at the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament!
AW YEAH GURL YA NO IT
Studio plans its last dance among the cars - Oregon City News
that should make you even happier max
a supposed 2 hour drive took 6 hours. thats just innapropriate...& adventurous!
Today #Easter hours, open at 11am and Ribs from the GO! Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :)
When was the last time you sang a song? What was it? Sing it now.
Awesome! Such an awesome day.
What makes a man want to break apart with ease? I think I know. I think I might know.
Totally cried when 9 turned into 10 though.
What would it smell like?!
More stars please. Need. More. Stars. #yeahwrite55 I think I got smarter this week after reading all these posts. Terrific group.
like 10 minutes ago!!! haha i dont even know how to work it. I feel like an old grabdma trying to use a cellphone
Aisha Tyler: "yes a black woman did use the word chimera"
Ahh so much i need to know by wensday then performing them thats just lovely
Just linked my tumblr blog to twitter, stay tuned for more blog updates!
thank you boo!! Chipotle date soon with ☺
Sorry guys I hit my follow limit or I would be following you back! Everyone get me more followers so I can follow you all back (:
I was thinking end of day two after peer critique... end the day with a light video
Sis queen outing at Park West! Seeing the amazing and w/
I am the walking dead
hate Monday's and Tuesday's to much-.-
I hate when people touch my food ! I can easily take you to the store and you can buy your OWN food ! DONT TOUCH MINE !
Love hearing the rain gently tap on my car windows.... BUT CANT STAND THE PEOPLE WHO DONT KNOW HOW TO DRIVE IN IT!!!!
hello sir.
Thanks 4 the follow. I returned the fav.
check out www.royalepic.com
Incredibly predictable (see ).
I'm not an emotional person. Nd that messes me up with a lot of things
do some dancing with jay. Like a couple
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game! They're confident at the plate and solid on D. Love me some SEC softball!
Poetry is the greatest gift Allah has blessed me with
Hey there you little button. Twitter huh? I like it. Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
RT : Apple announces it has sold three million new iPads since its launch on Friday, March 16.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
WSU is pretty much always crap. 1 or 2 wins in two seasons combined...pulling a Linehan I guess.
haha wow you really do love that episode. I stand by my fav: duck covered in oil/ Zach squirts oil canister at school board
RT RT : If u don't have love u don't have life ~~ rg
I know I would! Yeah Kahlua is so sweet, it is easy to get sick on it. But oh man that looks good!
It sucks the only way i can distract myself from everything is by reading..
lol she is 4 hrs away an I don't share with family
I haven't been on here in a while.. hi twitter! Lol
We offered to carry Versus through Sept while talks continued -- Comcast declined. We've heard you - its time Comcast hears from you!
thanks for the follow brotha.
got a b'day tech treat I see? I love my 4S (dictating this on it-voice rec's great for arthritis); in any case, happy birthday!
Some people are so lame
seriously? Wine and chipotle? Jealous.
Two finals are done and two more to go; I think that the hard ones are done and the two tomorrow and Friday should be the easier ones.
great Ethiopian dinner at Kobek. I knew I would like eating with my fingers. Thanks !
It makes my day that you like Kid Cudi- great song! RT #nowplaying: kid cudi - persuit of happiness. Road trip fun
Just finished working with our web designers to add the finishing touches to our new website. Launch date June 1.
Old Hurricane Lantern restore part 1 of more to follow - hurricane oil lamps
Yep - A friend visited you on Saturday and brought me back a growler. I love 2xipas so he selected a good one for me. Cheers!
I'm so ready to get off of work n I haven't even clock in
Tonight - H st 11 pm for a music + LED light installation by Deniz Kurtel for , then 411 warehouse for w
feeling insane and irritable so I decided to listen to some chuck schuldiner solos to soothe me...it just made me crazier.
having problems with but can't find a support link or forum anywhere.
I wish omaha would quit calling.
"I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit"
Just saw behind home plate.
EMWW Strong close at .005 keep this one is far from over!!!
let's just call it like it is: Arizona's Jan Brewer is a piece of shit.
Public speaking is not my scene
Putting wax on your braces then realizing you swallowed it <<<<
#fridayreads Finished Baldacci's new book Innocent. It's a rollercoaster thrill ride! Got an ARC from #pla12 - thanks!
lol well I hope you feel better C: how are you celebrating this christmas ?
Nice! Trying out after I got their invitation. Any other lucky fellows aside from and her music :)
4:30 a.m. Baltimore time & I'm up to start the day. Exercise, shower, breakfast , then wofk on presenation- present on Thurs :15
Art Clix app: Any discussion of a "Go Deeper" button to meeting varying levels of understanding?
It's nice outside. Too bad everybody I fuck wit. Either MIA...outta town... Or fake... I need sum new friends
Visit us at www.slyderfootball.com
Pray for me and my daughter as we head back across this bridge....
I'm the guy who checks Liam in and out of his modeling gig tonight. Watch #90210 !
There are three billion women who don't look like super models and ONLY eight who do
Listened to Unrest's "Hydro" (33:15) one and a half times this evening. Tomorrow I shall try for an even dozen.
Struggling to study this morning. Can't concentrate. Would rather sleep.
thanks for the follow Rex!
Thanks Ryan! I'd love a copy!
Feeling dejected today... Just like any Vikings & Bears fans feel all the time.
Did i follow the wrong one? OMG! I cant hold on when i saw does his rap yey!
should have bought a droid!!
would same be said for dunn's spring?
you know what, you totally got me on that one :)
thanks for the re-tweet .... sorry for the delay... :)
hahaha don't be out too late cochino!!!
The 1 Indian store here usually has some new films, but I watch old films too & don't want to buy them all.
seeing dudes with their kids >>>> .
I hate being cranky
it IS lovely in Seattle today/this week! AND, my Mom arrives for a week-long visit today! YAY!!
They better not kill karen off of desperate housewives
Have not tweeted in over a week. Back in LA, had last audition of the year on Wed.! Now out shopping for post-Christmas gifts for myself.
"You do not do business with US, you do business with the world...the world is bigger and different." Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
I is sleepy.
Kohl brought up Heat as example of not having true center. OBVIOUSLY different having superstars, but still.
Going to see keb mo in concert tonight. Anyone seen his show before?
I know I'm not attractive but it's k cause I like someone else to! :p
":.Cotton balls just bounced off." I hope you meant cannon balls!
I am a loud bitch. Like, really, I need to shut the fuck up. I'm annoying myself.
it is a must, let's put that as one of our life goals.
parliament of owls.
are you ready to rock?? is waiting for you.
Love not having to work OR go to dance!
It will be hard to find them at first, but your best bet would to start searching Tuesday morning. Thanks for your support!
#FaveSongLines The mirror can lie, doesn't show you what's inside...its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile.
Drawing class is seriously the most frustrating class i've ever had.
The girls at LAC.
Be still and know that God is God!
I cried for my boyfriend.. ion like seeing him sick.
Sponsor Showcase closing up at #sparc2012 My favorite line : "Just push the upload button and the metadata goes in too-magic!"
right?! Then we would've needed Jemaima to pray for us with her plants.xD
Cheyenne is currently open in both directions. For more information on the repair, please follow up with the City tomorrow.
#whsummit join conversation on ending hunger -- 2:30 in Washington room. Witnesses to Hunger will be there
say what you mean and mean what you say
Waiting to be subtweeted about cause I'm talking to a porn star.
no, it's not related to pinot but it is to Zin.
It certainly worked on me. And I only took one!
I THIRD! RT : I second that! RT can not wait for some festivities this weekend!!
Wait a second. Is that a slam or a compliment?
Praying to the fashion Gods to find me a dress for Operanation on Friday. The one I sent to be altered came back . . . un-altered.
question: have a comm audition today. no sides posted that i can find. cool to call the casting office and ask?
Not as excited as we are to have you! RT : Excited to have been accepted as a reader at today! :)
#Chess Moves #Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves#Chess Moves
Algebra and History test tomorrow....
Officer got hit by a drunk driver last night. But don't worry, he'll recover from surgery and be kicking your ass again before you know it!
That should, of course, be 'Fifth Discipline.'
RT : "Fun Fact: Tasmania has the cleanest air in the world."
We are thrilled about today’s subject. We are the only film festival that showcases films that are about or take place in DC.
Thank you so much for the birthday love!
On this fine #WW, who is counting down to the National Dog Show presented by !?
": #Pisces love passionate kisses and a loving embrace."
And how can LORAX not be a word in Words with Friends? Oh the injustice.
This is not meant to be a creepy tweet but I was wondering where in the US you live.
I think the Phoenix race is about to start.
Sober up man.
Google Has Served Them Well
If I am not worth the wooing, I am surely not worth the winning. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you in quintin's suite?
pffsh. She must be pretty damn amazing! You're really talented :)
Check your credit report for suspicious activity annually.
#SA4W I guess people still dance like the end of Empire Records.
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." ~Thomas A. Edison
I would give up everything to see you LIVE!! I'M DYING HERE!
Which weights more? A pound of feathers or a pound of bricks
thanks ur awesome to
I Can't Make You Love Me but just know that i will always be here for you no matter what! id rather have u as friend then not have u at all
Headed to whole foods how many million will I spend?
Check out our Tweet chat with Ypulse! I'm on right now.
“What God called sacrifice, Abraham called worship.” —Wayne Huntley from Transfigured by J Todd Nichols
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
Yup, I'd believe it lol
have I shown u the trailer of my movie ?
who wouldn't stay tuned especially 4 you one of my inspirations and reasons i live ♥
Life's not a fairytale sunshine and rainbows, look through the clouds, your guaranteed some rain flow.
your still sexy....and when you said "damn" in that interview, i like cried
Great idea. I hope you get too many entrants to count!
We can't wait, and your delicious Black Hat Temranillo will be a wine list feature out there too!
hm. according to Categories under "who to follow," there are only 34 people on Twitter interested in books...
Thanks, our keylime pie is delicious! We also have Lemon, Apple, Banana Chocolate Toffee, Sweet Poratoe &Strawberry Overload! :)
What when season 9 coming on!
thank you for following! We
Ride those mares right into dreamland. Cheers!
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
thx for the follow miles and miles away! we look forward to your tweets!
Can't wait to see tonight at the Fresh TV Teambuilding!
It's going to be ridiculous.And it's so exactly what I need after a few pretty shite weeks.
What were they chasing you for?? :)
Where do we go from here?
"Competition doesn't always come to meet you where you are comfortable" Wise words Cee Lo
3 mile run in the sun, check! :)
Vet Reprimanded for ‘Disgraceful Conduct ’ The Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS) on Wednesday
Thinking if I really want people to come over Saturday???
LA Clippers got that heat Nbs let's go
Amazingly, I ended up in biz class and actually slept on the plane home to L.A.
Thanks for following us as well!
" tell me you said that shit. You gon get two to the muthafuckin dome"
Might ask to play "Because I got High" by Afroman Tomorrow!!! All night...non stop!!! Lmao!
what kind?
Lmfao at the ABCs of Boobs iPhone App
#rulesoftwitter NO TWEET THIEVING!!!!
hmm...what to make for dinner...suggestions?!
#chicultural2012 Results: How can Chicago reach its cultural potential? List from Town Hall Presented. Attendees asked to vote for top 3.
Peplum tops, dresses and skirts anyone?
Why does Gretchen wear a Kim Kardashian amount of makeup to a mud run?
I'd do anything, just to fall asleep with you. Would you remember me? Cuz I know I won't forget you.
I could look into your eyes and listen to your voice all day, thanks for being so inspirational :)
Happy Sunday! :)
LOL I know right?!?
Bracing for impact in T-minus 80 seconds.
So inspiring- the special abilities training and swimming with autism book are just the beginning of a much needed movement
Just registered for #Cloudforce in D.C. Looking forward to my first event!
I love how you dress lol
pool. Looks like LA's treating you well Brooke. Although, pretty nice evening here in good ol Bmore.
Leaving for Nauvoo today. Can't wait to see my baby sister who is getting married. A great moment indeed!
there is a cat masturbating on my tv. omfg what the hell is this. LMFAO.
he said I was grade A top choice meat
Really wanted to go to the reserve league game tonight, but the doctor told me to stay home.
My head is killing me 😞
I had a dream James emailed me, last night...
I think that's a good reason *to* write them.
haha yea right
Where ever there is a will there is a Way!
You didn't know pinkberry was in new york??
If this don't get her wet i don't know what will
ayee, personal project wasn't that bad. Don't leave IB!
my phone died... But ;)
In honor of #SkipBayless, I once scored 87 points in a basketball game...after I dished out 63 assist by halftime.
Success! RT What a great ! Thanks for coming and see you in 2012!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Feelings are not facts.
Just landed in
This attitude adjustment is 11% alcohol.
you're amazing. Watching performance at the Hawaii Symphony. Can't stop smiling.
possible opportunity to write for a new luxury magazine. Do you have any samples of your work?
I been confused a lot lately.... That's not coo.
Meeting some new businesses with The small business room
Thanks for that. Glad I sought advice!
Our Contestants are: Daniel McGinness, Noell Link, Jay Garrett, Iain Weigert, Sam Kimbrel & Kurt Schoenhals.
Good morning! Coffee, Kids and Cartoons. Gonna be a good day.
Well, one is less a talk than a demonstration of a game. And I guess I forgot to count the queer pedagogy workshop.
Need sleep. Much sleep.
RT :ilearn my best lessons on my worst days.Some ppl R so selfish & ungrateful.The Universe is taking notes.U won't make it far...
ONE NATION. UNDER GOD.
It's nights like this I wish I had Ryan Gosling or Adrien Brody in my bedroom, ya know, chillin.
Phase 1 of Beta! Exciting to launch a project I began 4 years ago! Don't think I could have done it without passion-Follow Your Passion!
ditto. Just waiting until I can start the lawnmower without the neighbors throwing stuff at me.
and Theme.ly look very cool!
Unknown~ In absence of clearly defined goals we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
I need to win this.
That's what she calls my hang-low RT : "Mission control, get Lacee to stop straddling the satellite"
Thanks for the follow Rachel!
what are you doin?
You need to warn people before you put up a picture like that. The guy in red has the deepest V neck I've ever seen.
Shoutouts to & for the support! Give them a follow Yankees fans...
I hope the CBA negotiations for the NFL get done. It's really not optional it needs to get done.
I was just creeping on Michaela when I came across this cali trip tweet... I will be tagging along on this trip!
Watching Discovery Channel- Bunch of guys head to Alaska to search for gold and play with bears. Now that's entertainment! Nobody dead, yet.
Life is too short to wonder what if.
That's ok we luv u and we'll wait RT : Running behind schedule for sorry!!
#Shoutout To All Of Our New Followers
Wow... just dancing in studio, the "Uncle Lukey Twitch" during Prince's Kiss...Wow!
Im tired
haha no I know :) but we appreciate y'all!
Goodnight Taylor (:
his bro owns a bakery?! And you are thinking twice? Lol
Hudler sucks bring back frank white
Tumblr, tea & Ed Sheeran. Life is grand.
I know you did :)
It is & IMO should be. What if we find out #Seau had issues related to his football career? Small price & Worth preventing.
Thank fuck it Friday!!
Remember that time Roddy Piper painted himself half white to wrestle Bad News Allen?
Why is it that hot liquids always make your nose feel better?
"You're a mean drunk."
its still #musicmonday so check out our dudes in and our main man
My homie is killin it on 101.1 The Wiz right now!! Tune in till 5:30! Catch the both of us at tonight!
Im not kissing anyones ass
Edward Hermann, narrator of Ebert's Life Itself audiobook, does a pretty good imitation of Robert Mitchum.
Brrrr it's cold
I think its a good idea to learn english if you live in america.
Yeah I'm crushing <3
Hey, bad words mister! Focus on the Family!
Yeah, that'd be as weird as giving away Zarek Valentin for nothing...
Never did the OovoO Thing...... Skype was the thing 2 do!!!
are you going to be at FIU in september? I think I read this somewhere
What's up world? Somebody get at me
Eww RT : Kobe has gastro enteritis. Not at shootaround. Lakers say they'll update us tonight. I'm guessing he plays.
you did your own???? Please talk to my kids!!! Was just handed the paper! Luv them!
No more naps
- It violates no US law. But it does violate EU law. Problem is non-enforcement of EU law on commercial data transfer to US.
Will be posting first spotlight video this weekend. Will post link here once it's up!
"Invention is a flower. Innovation is a weed." -Bob Metcalfe
good night beautiful
Praying for Doug, Jill, & Seth as they do Gray's service today at
LOL. RT : I just ran up to get some milk to wash down a Christmas cookie. Sure enough, Julius Peppers was on the carton!
Is your cat more angry when you leave or when you first return?
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Heading to then back to the exhibit hall RT Where are the Tweeters of #ASCD12 hiding?
I would love to be there :)
Ugh ate lots of rice for lunch I feel so bloated and icky ! Bad carbs
My fav thing to do at wallmart is Hide behind teddy bears and make evil laughter when little kids come by >:-)
I'm sad I won't be able to make it to this :( darn baby that is due two days before.
:o , my back needs to be cracked.
you're definitely not normal when your religion's biggest ad campaign is trying to prove that you're normal
RT - There's a dude on French television wearing a Miami Dolphins shirt and hat. WTH?
Awesome man, we should collaborate on some ideas this week.
so many people believe that. and the USA is #1 because god wants it that way. so we have to protect it from the immigrants/gays/etc...
is a queer 😘
Turned Out To Be A Wonderful Day!!(:
It's warm up here in espanola
Busy developing communications plan for Look for more blogposts, FB shares and tweets!
To all old and new friends who came out to celebrate CodeSquare with us last night: Thanks! We had a blast!
I got scared to even talk to me. I paid $550 for jack shit. Now that I want a refund he bitched up like a pussy.
Congrats on a gr8 win last night.... 15 more to go....
Aw, thank you so much, Samantha!! :)
I don't hate Monday's I just hate the affect they have on people.
#belowtheline really puts everything I do as an advocate 4 children/families in2 perspective/priorities
Should get KO of the Night just for that!
Watching Lena Dunham's Tiny Furniture. She's instantly my hero after reading about her on NPR's Fresh Air.
And once again the best nurses ever provide me with home-made ice cream and cake.
Didnt Go To School. Probably Wont Tomorrow Either.
Airshow from 5-6 2day y'all check ya boy out go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on killing it
Rie, thanks so much!!
I am a terrible Nicki fan
you can keep conceling urself 2744 say tolling during concealment. put ur name out there
Best Coast: The Only Place: It's pure California pop that owes as much to the state as it does practitioners like the Beach Boys and ...
interesting doesn't mean good, but either way, i wish i had that hall pass today.
At Pat & Oscars eating a feast! Been a while since I've eaten here. Good stuff
Etta James, you are true Legend and an Icon. Thank you for all you shared with the world. You will be missed + remembered forever.
hey i saw u tonight at Rocco's Taco! I wanted to say hi but didn't want to interrupt! But seeing you guys was awesome! #gocards! :)
♥ and what he has #CAJONES enough to say to us all here in Denver. #ManningWatch is beginning to stink like yesterday's diapers.
No im mad at you !
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
same here! Love your twitter name;)
an enlightened literary source -- thanks for sharing.
A5. Your actions and words should align - Write about what you believe in - you can still get sponsors!
lol when do you have off?
that's how I roll
Anyone ik in STL want to swap a few % in the Wsopc main today?
Thanking God for the amazing opportunities he continues to bless me with. It's my first day at work!
Social D!
Honor other people�s thoughts, wishes and words .. Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
ctfu @ my tl. trying to get a laugh out of being bored w/ work.
I can bring my real cat....
c u there
Do you hire BA's in ATL?
A good boyfriend loves his girl with all his heart. He isn't afraid to point to his girl in front of his friends and say "that's her".
Congratulations to our friends at the for winning the MISL Championship last night in Baltimore!
Thursday's are overrated.
Apparently, people forgot how to drive over the long weekend.
pocket pussy
you know what makes me happy...seeing a guy's ass pockets on their ass! stop sagging please and thank you ;)
ahahah !ladies ,out watch !!!manhattan lower and hoboken of all attacking...
Angels are sensitive to your thoughts and needs. Ask for help with positive intentions, they are here for you.
"Marketing is never not your job," Scott Stratten in Nashville.
Ok. I gave into the slew of bad jokes. Tomorrow's poem may induce groans. But at least the title is funny....
Ray allen best 3 point shooter period!!!
good joke
Let Me Down Easy by Billy Currington on WCVH.
Aww no worries! I am bringing sweater shirts galore! ;) Hopefully we'll see some sunny days!
I will repeat- If u hire a dude with a history of being wacky, you can't be shocked when he actually says something wacky
thank you! I hate that shit! I really do.
MT : Thanks for your support! We're here to serve you!; Wishing all of our wonderful librarians a Happy National Library Week!
Way to pay attention West Virgina!! Stand up and make it happen!
thank you
Trey Songz playing & too bed we go ;)
Join , & as CNN covers Whitney Houston's funeral live at 11amET Saturday.
Be glad you haven't done priest duty in the deep South. There was a time when that was THE song. I drank more then.
Try singing the phrase "under center" to the melody of David Bowie's Under Pressure. It's fun. Maybe Hutch can record it.
Days like these are why I put up with the winters.
cinder and smoke...
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always wanna borrow something
I'm now the proud owner of a vintage Griswold cast iron skillet. So begins my attempt at actually cooking on a regular basis.
#ThingsIDoWhenIAmHomeAlone Sing and Rap in the shower
One tweet per minute times 60 minutes in a 24 hour day equals 1,440 tweets! Looks to me like some of you already surpass this number!
Anyone out there have two reasonably priced tickets to The Fresh Beat Band this weekend in San Diego? Please RT and help a Dad out!
ill use my popzzz computer 2marow to hear it tho :))
already am following him:)
She acts different when Arianna is here.
lmao .... if she dont want them to get dirty dont wear them wheres there is crowded people
...I am ridiculously sleepy. Will probably be going to bed early.
Happy Friday! Parent teacher conferences begin today! The parent-teacher connection is so important! Valuing each others hard work!
glad to hear it! Everybody deserves a rad day.
We found the winner!
yea ur right because they stick them in a small box with no air and and dont feed them at all
January and april language classes coming soon
really well! Thanks! How are you?
$10 I think
welcome back! Hope you're well. Thanks for the kind words. I'm trying to get back in the habit of writing.
Lowering your expectations - Better Fitness Daily A recent study found that, in the nonsensical weight loss world, most failure has...
According to WebMD, I have leprosy, dengue fever, mad cow disease, and ebola. Near as I can tell.
..When the well is dry, we know the worth of water # Benjamin Franklin
So Youll Also Be GOing To Thw #UpAllNight Thing (: I Was Thnking Of GOING Bit Not Shure Yet Haha!! Depends If Im Busy
is proud to partner with Advance Memphis and Launch Memphis!
A great song can change anything- your perspective, your mood, your life.
O.o
what does this mean exactly? u falling in love with everyone else? :-)
shit I barely got enough gas bread to make it back. If I come up on some bread I'll let u kno
thanks to The Katt's Local Talent Show for playing our tune last night! Who knows how many ears it hit?!
Talking to a guy who you have a lot of stuff in common with >>>
is a go! Get yr asses down here!
finnaly on my way home from school
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to checking out your digs tomorrow.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 338
You are very welcome! My in-laws really enjoy volunteering for Gildas as clowns. :)
Like my fan page facebook.comYunikFanPage
Prayers sent from the south!
LOL, yes just watching now :) Two episodes in last night and yes, not bad, really enjoy it so far
how bout taking SJ out of that equation.
HUGE moving sale at our store on 65th/Lex st store! 40%-60% off pillows, furniture and accessories!!!
Her father did a great job in botching up the case. Is he by any chance the father?
cause its true
The weak link isn’t necessarily the person who doesn’t do the job well. It’s the person who doesn’t do the job from within or truthfully -OU
A is for Apple - the first blogpost in a series on edible plants from A-to-Z: "Nibbles from the Alphabet Garden"
Will the real AJ please stand up? Go #Texans!
Love that show!
First day on the job...
Special shout out to thanks for following us, God bless!
I'm here!!
We will be, ringing my cowbells like crazy
“: I hate when dudes say 'sidebar'. Nigga, smacc yourself with tha hand you beat-off with!”
In the book, writes "Only a thin line separates Fascination from its evil twin: Obsession." Thoughts?
take batting practice at 10:30. This looks like a great day for baseball in Toledo. Go
I know a hotel in PA with no windows in the rooms! Really weird...
dude yes! beware the show's addictive properties, after s1 was up i had to wean myself off by re-watching from the beginning X_x
hooooo aw mindless hello!!!
Malaysia Airlines announced they will soon designate a Baby/Kid-Free Zone on their airplanes...And it will be known as the pilot's cabin.
Will lightning strike me if I hate Tebow?
ha ha
Did you get the email I sent over the weekend?
we are doing our best snow dances trying to get this darn weather pattern to change, but kudos to our Eastern sister resorts for their snow!
lol Same like, if I dont like someone then im gonna let them know that I don't like them I be like 'uh i don't like u' hahah
Working late this weekend to present to you the first line from Simply Color Paints!
Pittsburgh: dec 22nd show is 8 days away! Get your tickets for that and our Akron, oh show the 23rd!
My mini vaca...started out w/a FANTASTIC musing~Ah~ ;p
Are you following ?
You've got your point via a great deal far better than I at any time could, thank you!
How SWEEP it is... Nice job today #Astros!
looking forward to playing #whatsderekdrinking in person in AC with the rest of the #TPEdge gang in this weekend
we were laughing so much <33
this is the year the Thunder break thru. I still have the Heat. The Celts were struggling against the Sixers
NFL draft on Thursday! Hoping the get a chance to pick UW's Jake Locker!!
: A nice idea, but you know, limited time, limited resources, limited energy. Anyway, we all have our wishes.
Anchoring #CANonstop tonight at 7pm, then it's off to
4am shoveling snow,
Basketball with peeeplez
No way girl, catch up it's too good to spoil.
B-day party at park for my middle son.
Where can I send you a copy of my book The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face?
Finally got around to build my linux box, only to find out it doesn't have built in graphic card. I almost feel embarrassed.
Hey , muchas gracias for RT! Hope to see you soon.
Thank you for including me in the latest "Writerly Gazette." Have a great day!
We're staying in Raleigh one more night. Free show at Ruckus tonight on Avent Ferry Road!!
You're right. And try I did.
It's so nice out:) lunch break and reading the latest issue of Fast Company. Then back to my creative huddle. How's your Friday going?
You bet!
Interested in #Indiana, public policy? Follow IU Public Policy Institute's Smart guy who can translate complex stuff.
Not a fan of lebrons 9 but teyana made me want them
please keep me posted
Man, that sucks.
beautiful morning in Hollywood
When I write (and live) the most powerful key is 'backspace'. Never letting edits hinder.
NO, Paula. You want THAT machine.
I can't swim. I can't dance. And I don't know karate.
literally was about to tweet that.... Creepy
useful thing i learned at GIS bootcamp: hit the "r" key in Google Earth to reorient the globe to North
wishing my bf and i had smart phones so we could sext when we're not together
Thanks Tim for the stats about the plight of black men but what r we to do with those stats...what do we do to bring a change?
to see my boo
Haha its ok.....so do i get to explain first period now lol?
haha random but okay
You're just saying that, its ok babe
I never have time to get ready before my math class. Everyone prob thinks I'm poor and homeless.
Is loving playing in the snow! I was humming a Christmas song today...WHAT?! Before Thanksgiving?!
“: A restless mind & fatigued body indicate contracted awareness. #SpiritualSolutions”
#NowPlaying Hit The Lights
go to sleep
You are not a failure! The lessons of life are Pre-requisites for the blessings of life
go to my recent pics on twitter, have to be on a computer tho
so well put it on
Why you up so early
#thatawkwardmomentwhen a white Escape honks at me and I think it's but really it's jus some girl honking at her friends.
never mind dude ur grammer was suck I didn't understand it correctly :)
Damn Right God Is Good..Always Good!
Aw! You two are so cute... :D
love that photo!
Going to a baby shower!
Great food, Great family, Great friends for New Years.
Praising God for who He is unleashes God's sustaining, protecting and renewing power within us!
he's so clueless.
Taking the #bookaday challenge for the first time. Finally read Moon Over Manifest and loved it!
advocated starting preparation earlier in grad school for
- Merry Xmas to one Roufus family to another!
lol I'm already up & at work :-)
have a good night, cell me on your break. I wanna hear your voice. i miss ya sissy
It was quite good!
I'm up...I'm up! Getting ready for work. Wishing I could crawl back into bed.
Finally time for some sleep😍✌ shows and autograph session are about to be huge tommorow.
RT : Looks like our last promo through was a big hit. Getting some new client meetings on the schedule for next week
I'm making golomki its rice with ground meat and spices wrapped up in cabbage leave with tomato souse on top polish dish
#neverbe his second choice.
Thank you Sevier!!
your own fault i can be with you though u.u
Printing lots & lots o' flipbooks for a Save the Date order. Can't wait to put them together!
I have this nagging feeling that the beautiful people on the Taco Bell Doritos Locos commercial aren't the ones that are tweeting about it.
RT : those r shoes, they r supposedly the most comfortable shoes in the planet!
do it!
Graduation invitations are just another way to annoy people
Dallas needs a CB that means Cliff Harris right?
when you get a chance to listen, I'd love to know if you liked it or not.
Thanks!, And Ciao! See ya next time we're in the Med!
Fuck! Screw all this. Maybe pain aint worth it.
that shit will buff out.
omg omg omg omg!!!!!
sorry to ruin ur upcoming tues nite already but no go on our date...im goin 2 c taylor swift
Daniel Bryan is horrible!
I'm coming at you from all forms of social media (and text). 10 a.m. on sat? Your call my long lost friend
yea its nice and.thick
19k on 1st break. Hope it keeps up like this
James, AU student: Where do you see the role of new political parties?
I miss u too hunniie,when r we hooking up?!?RT : BITCH I Miss You!!!
I need to know that it's possible that two people can stay happy together forever.
Having a Starbucks frap RT : I'm eating a bag of Doritos as we talk about being healthy. Whoops...
I hate technology, specifically fax machines...specifically our fax machine at work >.<
you don't buy their explanation? Not sure I do either.
I can't believe you're getting married ! Zomg!
Going to see the #darkesthour hope it's good.
I like the one where you and Esposito are being tortured and you say "I went to Catholic school!" We cheered out loud for you!
Working on an online application process but in the interim email resume's to
#clickerTraining should not be billed as an "alternative training" technique. It is based on solid, fundamental canine behavior.
hiya Tom!! See you tomorrow in Chicago!! I can't wait! xx
Lemon Grass and Garlic Rubbed Piggy just went in the Caja China, come check it out at 7pm for a Southeast Asian Pig Roast!
Ha! Working on a brief presentation and got sidetracked by a french squirrel.
Ready for a night out with the girls :)
#FridayReads is AMONG OTHERS by Jo Walton. Loved her Small Change trilogy & TOOTH AND CLAW. Not sure what to make of this one yet.
on our platform content ownership is 2 ways, either copyright to the brand or license to the brand, we put this in the briefs
they compete for bacon
#InstantTurnoffs when a guy smells bad...ewe
Beautiful shot!
#PeopleWhoMatter - - Bringing hope & joy to homeless children for 22 years!
thanks for the add sweetie
Holy meatballs am I full!
Me and my brother need ideas for mothers day ladies.
Every moment is a moment to give… When I give until there is nothing left, I see God.
No, you may not send me "push notifications" goddamn it.
Marilyn Vas Savant
ok facebook its fine not like i was in the middle of a conversation or anything
The #defendingchildhood task force then heard remarks from Acting Assoc Atty Gen Tony West.
Rainy Monday morning plus computer network down makes for a sleepy Rhonda.
If you go by the commercials, #ford's target market for the #fusion is ugly hipster chicks?
Author Matt Rabidou imagines the end of the world in &#39;Prophecy of the Mayans&#39;
anyone have a rec for a hotel that's a total gem in NYC that I may have never stayed in? Pref Midtown or North?
Thank you for the birthday cheer!
Hate to see yall frown, but i love to see him smilin'
Can't go wrong with Sra. Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Michael's Genuine or Maitardi. Enjoy your couple's night!
The Starbucks restroom says "Occupied." Dude, the ultra-powerful hand soap lobby is not part of the 1%. Hurry up!
thanks for the feedback :)
My mom had me repaint my green room an ugly beige since she's renting the house. Now it's green again.
“: Good morning! Rise & shine! I'm on my way to the gym.”>>>ugh you're always so full of energy lol but good morning :)
The #BlackKeys on ! Awesome.
you are phenomenal!
mm... might have to take Monday pm off for what is being described at most imp Premiere League game ever .. MUFC vs MCFC ..
Love the images - always fascinated by old photos... I think I was an Historian in my past life.
#FYI Due to its uniqueness in color & robust feel, Jun Porcelain became very popular in China & favored by Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty!
Who has a pic of Ray Allen's 11s tonight? I cant pause on the tv at school to get a good look.
Join us and Actors Bridge as they present Standing On Ceremony: the Gay Marriage Plays, Monday at 7pm, 5152 Franklin Pk! Show your support!
only if you can shot 50% from 3
Having bum luck w/ org'd fitness lately. Yoga studio I recently got a Groupon for was like that cult-y ashram in _Holy Smoke_.
i took the top off the element
We are running a promotion through the end of March 50% off
Thanks for the mention! We're very excited adding to the 60K+ images in the archive.
Excited For New Jonas Album 31
ick - sounds like a job for Mike Rowe at Dirty Jobs!
and we're happy your happy :)
We only had 4 school days after APUSH exam this year. Some have been double-booked with finals. No wind down here.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
Alright it is almost time for the question that will get some one a gift card !!
Come get on tv!!! Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 and 6.
The Two Man Tower of Power Trip
Partnership idea sound great--lending capacity to smaller/aligned companies. I'm emailing you to schedule long-awaited hangout.
Hey can you please play some more music .. It's been almost 10 minutes of annoying ads
that was the best thing that ever happened to you.
FINE ill get out of bed. How is it not Friday yet?
I just finished leg 6 of the Valentine's Day Massacre & am stuck somewhere in Kansas. Or maybe Nebraska. I got lost.
sure if I survive mother natures wrath.
NBA updates EST 133 - WEST 137
RT : Where the drinks?
We didnt' want to list every suburb. That is why we said "Generally Speaking"
I have a lot of home work to do but for right am righting a song
If I'm buying pussy, you better believe she paying for it
Hey! Thank you so much!
still interested?
Where did you go this weekend? See any great museum exhibits/activities?
we miss you! We'll have to give you your own hippie name. Any preferences?
If the devil is real, then that means GOD is real. I see a whole lot of devils.
we have been without a dial tone since early yesterday morning. Am going to DM you my acct # please advise.
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere people won't succeed because there to scared to fail
fruits of my labor i enjoy them while they still ripe
The hoover and I have become a great team in the battle against bugs! A little overkill I admit, but it works!
gosh darn surgical scars
thank god sneezes end
omg i just saw my bf jerk off on cam really hot!!!!!
Almost frozed to death at the beach
seriously, they should sell that!
Today's challenge: #writing a poem by the character who is farthest removed from me. This goes deeper than POV.
Who’s watching #Dexter with us TONIGHT at 9PM ET/PT on #SHOWTIME? Any predictions for tonight’s episode?
Is it dusty on this bolt bus or did I just read Pres Obama's statement?
RT - Any body know where I can get a kid cudi hat. It's really just a cleveland Indians hat. But I want the one he has ...
Is it just me, or does Shaun Marcum have a case of Renee Zellweger face.... He's so puffy and squinty!
My evening: a NY Rangers win, some Bacardi and Coke, a little Spotify, and penning a piece for the next Update. No complaints.
Do you even have to ask? :-)
Who's ur pro pic of now?
Trying to get rid of my 4 hour shift next week.. That's a waste of freaking gas and time for me
I would also like to play for the Dodgers. Just saying. RT Jose Canseco would like to play for the Dodgers
also organics and piercings
just heard math teacher ask"what are like terms?"-is that what kids do to terms now-a-days on facebook? lololol
okay! my phone is being a total slut and said it wasn't sending
I just can't keep tweeting. This #CNNdebate is awful. How can people actually believe these men can govern? Uhh.
if u did it in the car while driving the calories don't count.
Officially declared Finance as my major
have an amazing day
What happens if he's your Prince Charming, but you're not his Cinderella?
Ricky smiley tryna prank call me
follow me please I'm ur fan
OMG I'm so tired right now.
Congrats! A great nod to you and your #emac project!
apparently your not allowed to have problems unless your a starving african child.
Courtney Upshaw is a lot bigger in person. He's going to be a tough matchup for a lot of teams.
watching get RICH or die tryin xD my bad
certainly housing is.. we need more.. But in the long run an athletic program brings enrollment and with that donations
RT : Welcome to the #hispz Twitter Party! Follow
Dental researchers bite into spinal cord injury rehab
Watching "Chelsea Lately" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Guess how many players on their 25-man roster the Nationals drafted.
Hey guys can you please follow me i follow back ! <3 :D
aunt tina wants me to wait until noon to have a glass of wine... I told her let's pretend its a mimosa!!! LOL
Well, my friends in jail. Great way to end my horrific Monday.
Good bye Cleveland. Hello NY
"Feel all around - my pain is gone, with none to blame but you and I." ::faunts::feel.love.thinking.of.::
Thinking and rethinking...brain is in overload today. Come on spring break!
Good Monday morning Colorado! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
that pic is worth hundreds of relaxing words! Beautiful!
Sad to see Oden released by Portland. Such a great dude.
man do we miss you fellas. Running backs can't see the hole and now pressure on Lee.
Eating a banana, I walked by someone else eating a banana. We both raised our bananas as if to say cheers.
Eating half a pint of Haagen Dazs before going out.
So he's less Hulk and more The New Yorker.
Any thoughts about how to create and tend spaces for such dialogue across boundaries of difference? It's so needed.
Today, I choked on my food. My dad simply stared at me and told me to cover my mouth.
um so he THINKS! Lol
YESS OR #YEE as would say :)
totally hates me! i tweet him 24/7 asking if he would follow me but he never does!!! wahh!! :'(
Hey lady. You too!
it can be difficult to motivate a group...
allude to
You make me want to stick my finger down my throat and puke, but wait. I already do that 4 times a day.
Tweets be having me rollin !!!
I wanna go to urban outfitters today
9th Region girls Holmes 8 St. Henry 4 end of 1st Q
Positive thoughts! {channeling inner resilience}
Pat Robertson if we pray the tornados will stop. So listen to him he talks to god
Literally refreshed my twitter 30 times in the last 2 minutes. C'mon sweep sweep sweep!!!
way to go!
Safe travels to all traveling to DC tomorrow!
Friday!!!!!!!!!! RAIN FITNESS 12pm Cycle w. Brittany 12pm Yoga w. Michelle Rain Fitness, South Lake Union 10:00 a.m. Boot Camp
gotta come stronger than yhat
To many souls lost. Not enough being found - R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Awwwh, son of a monkey nipple.
it is?? oh yeah it might be.
need to do that for the morning show..lol
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
Playing life twist and turns
can you get on habbo, sorry i wasn't on all day yesterday, i had a studio
Great to see the #Olympics have picked up the Paralympic Games through 2020. This is what the #movement is about.
We're not going down without a fight. The public should keep calling citycouncil & mayor. Watch for the playing of press conf.
O'boy...... this rainy weather is going to get me in trouble
From a couple of ghosts to the man who knew wild things like no one else: thanks for everything Maurice Sendak
No problem!
I think I'm just still 'well-fat'!
I was dropping my son off at daycare & heading to work.
headed to for some desperately needed barre class
Well....um....your a jabroni
Another woman just stopped me in the street and said how our production #ARaisinInTheSun moved her! -- the power of
I got wat u need
Great movie! havent seen that in so long!!
saves the day! :)
I know :D
#nayaholicsalwayswin hell yes we do
B's are really playing as a team tonight. Back to basic, positional hockey. Bergeron is on fire. Great to see, keep it up!
thank you! :)
u 2! Will start brainstorming.
Same week Palin "claims" she gets threats, she re-announces failed reality show, was going to be Shackup Show w/BF, now just pimps kid
Color outside dem lines
you sound a little anti-LeBron
One of the most fabulous ladies in Lawrenceville, our buyer and manger, , is FINALLY on Twitter! Follow her <3
I just saw tweet a traffic report for fellow drivers on the Parkway East. That guy rules.
Is the computer set to project to the main screen?
Pre-met craziness ! Zac has some beautiful pieces rest for the world to see soon!
I like talking about concerts like I actually know the people. Hey Brad, so excited for your concert. I love you.
:D hello pediatrics craniofacial and cleft palate team!
No one in the seat next to me! Means I can use the seat to hold my casebook (which might be a carry on itself) while outlining...yay :-/
Finishing a "secret" Poem/Prose story for latest zine issue the theme being secrets. More photo shoots wed! Weather plz hold!
Don't forget that every Thursday is Wine Night at Smashing Tomato! 50% off bottles of wine every Thursday!
Good question. I don't know.
The Sooner Sports Celebration will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I believe meant disgusting in a good way.
Relaxing Sundayz..Sports are on!
I was, but can't find the hookups yet. The images from iP are almost good enough. Thought an app might help.
Good night w/good people. Time to rest my soul...and this headache. Goodnight.
hoping to go to SD on my birthday weekend homie. I love the downtown they have
Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers
um no all you have to do is cover it...
Lmao at the genric album review but im gon kill the real thing!!
How amazing would it be if #boxing had overtime? No draws, sudden death rd.
I just seen car accident @ lakeview & Logan st. Thankfully no one hurt
7 days without a Tom Brady touchdown, makes one weak!
Haven't tweeted in a while...feels good to be back. Now i am braving the Dallas cold to hit the gym!
wow, just go to one big meeting....hihih..happy valentines day
My pleasure! Also: I dunno about dream job, I just had to eat a Quiznos lobster + "seafood" sub for work. :)
cut off their arms
Ultimately, the Dream Farm is an attempt to address the crisis faced by 175,000,000 orphans world wide.
We are here to evolve n grow. We are here to discover who we are. We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Why the heck not? All three are viable MVP candidates in 2012.
we made that shit a routine!
I just signed an email "Love you like Peeta loves Katniss"
T-minus 1 day until I arrive in Denver for #drupalcon with ! Excited to see all of my #Drupal and #ux friends!
he better not
Josh Rife score for off Oliviero assist, cuts lead to 6-4
!! Are u guys here?
They say it's cause you have low potassium or whatever
still going strong! Lol
We're out of kale?!
Cool MLK-UVA-Duke history connection. Good research skills, ESPN intern.
that's Great! Im going after The Frye Boot Company!
awesome! Congratulations!
That's the spirit!
LB..what a great photo. Looks like an ad for the good life.
Thank goodness looks aren't everything. RT : you're funny!
Happy Mother's Day
nice that they kept them 👗👕
hey babe!
I also thought the lockeroom scene was unrealistic. We all know they are in there shirtless.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Wait, this penthouse dream about is getting weird. Craig, is it that you are generous and fun? #orhidingsomething?
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well” -Voltaire
All right, we'll stop with that? But, how's this twitter thing work?
Then I'm working towards why some men fear the commitment of marriage. This one will be humorous, highlighting the Hoe Train.
So far Current Elliotts and JBrand.
Well watchin a really borin show why am i even watchin it
Also, I appear to be sitting at the bus stop with the guy from The New Guy. Weird.
Anderson: fugitive archives - Jonathan McIntosh - original clips in Critical Commons to support his mashup
I'm dying to see "The Dictator" !
"Arrange 1 complete day of rest at your destination before working a full day that requires alertness and energy." - Ed Lee, ClearCause
I think there can and should be narratives, just not complicated ones :)
I got an awesome 2 1/2 hours of sleep 
Attitude determines limitations &is a product of belief. No1 can live beyond th limits of their belief systm. U R a victim of wut U believe.
+1 RT : If done right, ACOs that use HIEs will fare better if they can adopt platform approach, but...
I am ahead! Its kind of wild, I finally dont have a paper to write this weekend.
great light show
You took my love for granted... why, oh, why? The show is over. Say good bye.
call me when you get a free moment
Great to see you last night! Thanks for coming to the show.
Yes. Also, disposable scepters, monogrammed sashes.
lucky 13 open mic about to start!
Of course you have! It is only 4 months away! Now for a theme...thinking...
I'll #LiveBrighter by turning off my AC whenever I'm not home.
where you been bro
RT : So far Apple's Author for iBooks is still my favorite "elearning development tool."
HOORAY! We are just weeks away!
-i miss the times when a warm shower would put me to bed.. ugh.. kids have it made, lol
Tiger Turcotte, Calvin Coconut (multiracial char), Darnell Rock Reporting or Ghetto Cowboys for strong 3rd gr reader
Excited to host #NSMN #SportsTacklesCancer event tonight at HouseofBlues Chicago! #SportsBiz industry has raised thousands for cancer in '09
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
#nowplaying - Cry by A Walk to Remember! I love this song and Only Hope too((: i just love this movie!! LOL:D
zoo story tonight at 10. it's a story about a zoo. i think.
Thanks for following! I'm Sherilyn Colleen on Facebook!
I cannot stand when you're there for someone, but when you're the one that needs something from them they can't pull through.
Wish you could have been there today. Lots of fun!
u need me to help u to PUT u to BED
Idk why mfer think they can drive my fucking car all the fucking time wit out putting gas in my shit...... Start treating these mfers
For all you music junkies, it's World Music Festival at amazon.com and they're giving away DOZENS of free sampler albums.
#20ThingsAboutMe; 2. I fear being alone.
Don't play with a girl's heart she only has one.. Play with her boobs she has two.
Mass Effect 3 N7 Bounty Weekend - Operation Exorcist beaten on gold against geth cant wait to get my pack
thats the best meditation...
Big show tomorrow at Rockbar in Nashville!! Come show some love and get in our documentary!!! -MWM
I have the iPad, it'll be my email and not my #
When execs get worried about u sending DVD training vids everywhere, just say you're sending floppy discs.
we got into it on facebook cause of topanga (her friend) so we're not talking right now we probably will later
Hey everyone we will be streaming live from Hollywood this friday!!! be sure to check us out only on iBand Live! check us out www.iBand.me
i don't believe you.
Sad....shut down wen i touch down...
you're fucking right we do bitch. <3
The Edgerton Branch will be closed April 9 - 15 for renovations.
GUYS if you got crazy message from me, it was NOT me. I was hacked:/
u have to have a soul to give up first u damn robot ;)
be honest RT if you think im pretty cause i dont. :(
Why haven't Women landed on the Moon? - Because it doesn't need cleaning yet!
There is nothing wrong with "like." Using "such as" every time just sounds cluttered, especially when only one example follows it.
The people that run this nation and the government have really fucked up our future.
Any title in particular?
hello people
LitFuse hates the fact that there is another fake LitFuse in Seattle!
Dignified interview on The Last Word by Sanford City Mgr Norton Bonaparte.
so now that i saw your tweet about , i have been drooling over it for the past hour.
Of all the stories out there, the one that's least interesting to me is Yahoo's Thompson lying on his resume. Who...cares?
Profit is a powerful force that can be used for good
Tomorrow:coffee and a the Rite Aid Pharmacy. There will be more revealed tomorrow, Now I say goodnight.
Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today. AGU announced they would reveal better than expected earnings this quarter. …
Guess what?! Jack Sparrow.
About to record!!!!!
Work work and more work!
I almost 4got 2 thank my sweetie 4 a fun date nite...
Anish Kapoor opens tomorrow at both of our New York locations! Stop by between 6-8 to see the fantastic new works!
Next #RedLine flash mob is coming soon...stay tuned!
Fathers Day ideas: June 15 Cigars & Beers or Aug 4 Home brewing class on Hop Farm. ()
Tatts for Cans 11/20 at Burts bring at least 5 cans and be entered to win a $300 gift cert from Archetype Dermigraphic tattoo studio
"Duke" the bobcat is now free to find his duchess; story of now healthy cat released to wild tonight
you're killing it today, Chris!
hahah u in #thehungergames was amazing I didn't even know I were gonna be in it and when I saw u my mom was like theresuboy
Welcome, Book of Quotes.
He still earns a letter though!
u r not
(Crawlstandwalk), thanks for following us on Twitter!
was watching sweet home Alabama. Just a fun fact before the night starts
Amazon's same-day delivery costs significantly less than its one-day shipping... #toogoodtobetrue ?
Thanks! I think this is how Twitter works!? :)
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 27:55 with Nike+ GPS.
They don't particularly love their data the way a literary scholar loves novels
sounds like fun
It's a stormin'~
its gonna rain
Mcdonalds for the first time in months
Nope. I actually got a Masters Degree and I'm currently working on my PhD. I actually did something with the GI bill.
That's where we are.
It's funny how when you're NOT supposed to be shopping everything looks extra fabulous.
#ALERT: #OCCUPYATLANTA needs help come AND stand with the 99% in downtown park! The 1% believe they can arrest every 1, show them otherwise.
she's a #hollywooddream!
We are Black History
We'll be announcing it later today!
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEANT! ;)
Tebow belongs in a different era where Q.B.'s had a couple of years on the bench to learn and then they were judged on ability
! RT : choose your "friends" wisely
going to steal some wheatberries from the chickens!
i was supposed to drop by with gypsy yesterday. but lets get in some shit soon yo
#eisummit Watching presentation. Anyone who plays Joshua Tree is alright in my book. Great idea. About time.
my numba?! boy bye ✋
Of course it was a good entry.....you need to respect your elders!
Stay warm MT. It's gotta be rough at -42 deg. F!!!
Nice to meet you too!
Still up making final edits to my #thesis so I don't have to worry about them through the sessions tomorrow
When my eyes close, my mind opens..
Sushi is like sex.....
I'm teaching a few feet from the US/Mexico border today.
In case anyone was wondering, Floyd Mayweather is making a minimum of 32 million dollars tonight.
wish I could have seen it, I had my worst on air meltdown anchoring MtToday,laughed through a whole block,Jim thought I was dying
Glad I went on KRUP.
I think you can get the vid and audio without silverlight. I was able to earlier. I think slvrlght is for synced doc display.
RT Ken_Kash_Kush I rather die making money,Then die trying to get some pussy like these lame ass niggas lbs....
Who is planning on being in #Vagoose for the #AAMKT 2012 conference? Hash decided?
I don't like those.
it's a bad ticket... Clinton-Carmona puts AR & AZ in play. NY is safe, Gillibrand adds nothing to the ticket.
Can't wait cause i will be there to support my girl
Im not worried about passing AIMS . . I just find it SOO annoying .
i like where your head is at.
Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux Send Joint Holiday Card (PHOTO) It looks like things are pretty serious between these two! Lainey Gossi
I love the song Spurs Town on Kj! :D
Check out the newest warmer and scent! Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances!
Merry Christmas to everyone. I hope you are spending time with your family.
Well, at least people will watch 3 out of the 4 #Brewers games against Philly.
Congrats on the SD deal! Glad we got to see you in the red and gold this past season.
For real witnessed a guy combing / slicking back his hair as he walked into a sports bar. Inexplicably inspiring.
Even though it is older than most of the peeps on my feed, Aerosmith's "Same Old Song & Dance" is bad ass.
on my way home from #dc, play some Deadmou5
Spent some time in the garden some weeds that are on steroids.
Some people have the greatest bodies with ungodly faces...
dont i always.(;
#nfais or maybe even blotto. Loved the comment that a patron may never need to care again. And these are the good students.
we should go play golf one day?
awesome, love the look of audis. Congrats!
Hope everyone is having a great evening!!!
Somebody today stoled my iphone 4 out of my locker today and took my lock 2
Woah guess I bought a bathing suit cause one just came in the mail....
That text made my night! Good Weed Good Dreams instead of goodnight sweet dreams lol #HAPPY420 I love ya and see ya tomorrow!
Thanks boo😉😂 hahahaha
Private event tonight in the Northwest!! What a great evening for a party!!
Philly to see the #Terps v. Temple at The Palestra.
too bad I didn't get picked for duets...maybe someday we'll get to work together!
I feel it is best answered by this lol The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.
good man just touching base. We met at ur show in Santa Monica. Just trying to connect and see if we can collab
Best of luck ! Go win one for us!
he also became more of a punk
I hate when people tweet things that end in #sadtweet #hungrytweet or anything like that. How about a
Chomp Too artist is interviewed in the this morning, be sure to pick up a copy!
Going to bed!
hhmmmm what do you think of Jamie's last?!?
This is the start of a beautiful friendship! :D
I'm so pissed _-_ shit the hhell up its not her fault you lost your phone, and you don't act like ypu care that's why she is upset dumbass!!
thank you! AZ girls are built tough!
Waiting to get picked up when you are sick always seems to take forever...
like I said
If you studied at 1 of our study centers (London, Valencia, Panama, Florence) we want you for a focus group! Today @ 3, 2nd floor of SSB.
Your cute ;)
You still have 2 more years
#thingsIhate Getting dressed after a shower.
Never thought of French Dip! Wow, my mouth is starting to water!
From Yelp: " allows me to combine two great loves: Vodka and basements." This will be fun,
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
You give and you give and you give...
I support this
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day...
UM NO LONGER W/ STRANGE!!!! UM DOIN' MY OWN THANG ALONG W/ A FEW OTHERS!!!! IT'S LOOKIN' UP!!!! MUCH LOVE
Discount Double Check FTW!!!
Been databasing 1880 census for addresses where toy marbles were found on site I'm working with. Enlightening on many levels.
Hawking on is so awesome!
Mr. Tony, long time Little, first time tweeter. I thought those fingers couldn't type anymore? Pls don't read my tweet online.
#tech2012 aschwa02 cybersecurity is one tech issue that may engage the electorate. National security vs. anti-democratic overreach.
yeah i went to DQ :) it was yummy wish you were there tho
wish that could be true!
Good Morning Happy Hump Day...Go SoX
Maddy and Shannon's Rube Goldberg machine ran perfectly! Now ir's off to Informatics/Computing preview day w/ Adrian and Graham for a while.
your welcome 😜
