Up late with a sick child, momma to the rescue!
I dont even know if my grill will start in the weather? Ya na?
lift off. i just got off this #cocaine80s. cocaine80s.com
Happy Birthday Cody!!!!
tell him hi for me, I haven't chatted with him in awhile :/
Home after a perfect day with the others; Mom detail is complete. Waiting on a train & my boy ;)
RIP Anthony Montelongo....
Jalapeno-brined tomahawk chop w/ smoked cheddar bourbon mac/chz, topped w/ red wine demi bbq sauce. Other stuff 2, but not enuf room, sry!
and you were nervous about not knowing what to say.... #punny RT : Want to learn more about the #rawmilk debate?
Making those productivity moves happen! Choosing to start this week off right!
and hasn't notice me at all:(
One Direction And ICONic Boyz<3 My World Is Getting Much Better With Them In My Life<3
still deciding to do my show or not.
good to see boat humor is still appreciated. Didn't want to cause any waves.
scratch that & forgive me if I just caused you to daydream more...
me! Next year with ell and bebe
good for Lepchennko and Hradecka for crashing an all QF line up.
It's going to be a sunny weekend, they said. Sunday is going to be better than Saturday, they said.
that's because marrying cousins can reproduce, and it doesn't say in the Bible that it is immoral.
"If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business."
you basically have a sloth fetish
100th tweet has been brought up :) #morefollowersneeded have a good day, night or afternoon
lol true but it'd be better if I could spend it
This Wednesday join us in the Grad Lounge for a Chinese Coffee afternoon
Aha! Will look forward to the story.
yeah. Did my home girl Nicki leave yet? Lol
If I can be of any help.... Let me know. If not... I gotta go!!!
Clap when you spell a word.
Hey congrats on WireDoo, I will send the link to the feature later! Good luck with it all and always great to see you for a chat
Quenville will get fined more for commenting on refs than Torres for knocking out Hossa
Watching Max & Ruby with the kids....Max is a bad bunny
I did it I followed
I am thinking what I am thinking.
just got back from surfing i fell great
I love listening to sing on Stickam.
I've created a document to keep track of the number of instruction session I've taught. It may be useful someday.
Phone Takes Forever To Charge But Dies So Fast. . .
I joined recently. as a group, we can help each other and learn a lot. Looking forward to seeing you there.
so you're back in OS? I figured you were in Murpreesboro or something.
Can we put signs in restaurants that read, "Curb Your Children!" Restaurants are not playgrounds folks.
Tho you mocked your wife for wanting to rent it, you laughed harder than you have in a while. So don't knock the animated panda.
Thank you to #LPCO for presenting me with a certificate of appreciation. I am honoured and humbled.
<3 Social Media IRL. How else can u meet people for the 1st time 3 different times? A chance to make a good 1st impression over and over!
Hates when peeps call me a "litter bug" but have no problem leaving their litter in my car! Hmmmp
'Williams 'isn't really all that impressive.
Trivia tonight with DJ at 9:30pm. It's free to play and you could win free cash and drinks.
I smell trouble
well crap.. We are SOO screwed.
haha you're funny. U go to frost right
who the hell studies for just drive?
Too early to put it out there, but some exciting things are about to happen. Yesterday the texts were flying fast and furious.
oh wow. I'm glad that I caught it for u. Congrats!
Heey, :how are you friend Do
Stay tuned for the launch of our new website this week featuring high quality aroma diffusers, essential oils, Pu-er teas, & Jun porcelain!
Wish us luck tonight at the 2012 AMA Phoenix Spectrum Awards as we are up for three nominations!!
New Follow FollowBack
Some kid got expelled from middle school for peeing into a apple juice bottle and putting it back in line and watching someone drink it...
again...party pooper :)
I don't have an iphone all I see is a black square lol what is that ?
Its kinda scary how much of an impact you have on me.
RT RT : Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth. — Henry David Thoreau <Um, Happy Earth Day
Scanning and inventorying the Liberace photographic archive is making me homesick for LA.
mark AUGUST 12th-14th on your calenders please!!! That's my birthday weekend! Details TBA...
Why is there a talk app on this phone? That should just be the phone app
I really like your phone cover...
oh lol yes its so good tho.
You know I'm riding with the heat (checks side)
Baahahaha RT Gay rights > Rudy Gay
RT : Mobile is the key to replicating the Amazon personalized experience, in-store
Nothing will break !
description of forthcoming music sounds fantastic!
Jonathan Vilma has been suspended for the 2012 season for his role in the #Saints bounty program.
Nice work!
We're looking for field agents that want to learn how make money within our system. If you're an agentwho wants a consistent buyer dm me.
The WWOS Local Beat supplemental is going through post production and will be up shortly, we talk Redskins, Ravens, Capitals, Wizards & more
"The outside of a horse is good for the inside of a man"
When I get. On twitter I stalk obvi jb twitter, cody, selena and then cantbeliebit's twitter lmafo lol I can't control
no I agree temp jobs have their place but adults need jobs that pay rent, car loans, student loans, and healthcare costs.
good luck!!! do it to it.
Take pride in what you love.
It's so hot today that I just went down a slip & slide in my dress!!
Can we run and shop at the same time?
Congrats to UD Football on cracking the top 25 in the coaches poll...keep it rolling!
CB report showing that though schools say creative arts are very keen - in fact these are rarely taught as core subjects
Thanks for the #follow , looking forward to hearing your take on the #cloud and #security risks, #privacy concerns
Come check out the new decorations that are going up around RPS! We are gearing up for Valentines Day <3
cause you sound like him x)
'I guess you can rest now' the wife always knows
You got it bro!!! Anytime
Related to that, see my earlier post about the Design is a Job book. Awesome read! Get paid to solve problems, not be "liked".
A happy life is a string of happy moments, but most people don't allow the happy moment, because they're so busy trying to get a happy life.
ThankU 4 crowning #TeamSharon as your Queen! She is an amazing role model... er RuModel! xoxo
bandwaggoner haha. How many different schools/cities sports do u rep hah
Kobe gone make these two then they gone foul okc so they cant shoot the 3
check out
Bring another blanket! RT : *moves your arms&legs out&lays in between&gets an extra spoon*
Breakfast this morning at The Flying Biscuit was on point !!!
Ugh when I get home Friday not going to the east cousins always on this fight shit
I'm going to use my $1 growler fill on Rise-Up Red today!
Post a pic when the lights are on - I love that area! Is it very green right now?
Texting is writing. Sac Press editors will copyedit work and help writers gain credibility.
Less than a month until the beach
7 more views and #TornOutPages will have 600 views. wow.
People & their blocked tweets.
It's about that time
I had that class with crane too. Interesting format. Really liked him- very passionate about a usually boring topic
yeah I will thanks for tweeting:)
How do you make metal less shiny? Sandpaper. When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Bali-yes we use sandpaper but VERY gently.
Omg bitch shut the fuck upon.
No posts on today from several of the usual suspects. I heard they're at an AOL team building retreat.
#iwonderif will be able to hit the right mix of aggregation between personal news and headlines
“ “Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but are always perfect for you.””
Not enough!!!!!
they will come.
if you're searching on CPL, I think you need to blame them, not Overdrive. There's plenty more to blame Overdrive for tho.
I wish there was a way to block someone's tweets yet still follow them so it's not rude.
Can't let Petty shit get to me if I did I b crazy..ima just cool it n let whatever happen happen
yea, I'm hungry. We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else. Even though I'm sitting next to you.
Thought for today - don't mess around in the entertainment industry unless you're serious and ready to play.
boo ravens!
I like you alot...but I will not stop the world and melt with you. This relationship has limits.
Winds of plague fell the fuck off
and you know what they say. when you're great, it's not murder, it's assassinate.
Nina Simon shows a video of her asking staff in Santa Cruz to take a 20% pay cut.
Can't wait to shout out "OH-VER-RATED" at Blake Griffin tomorrow night. All week, actually.
you're welcome!
And to all a good night
welcome!:) So whtz up?:)
fuck hide, run for the hills lol
I believe it is once again time to clean out my Google Reader.
Just got my tattoo its amazing couldn't be happier with it:)
"I love my metro PCS cell phone"
thug life
I'm sexy and I know it lol.
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life. Charles Darwin
after a big day...is time to rest...i hav skool tmw..
Twitter's update made it 1000 times better.
that's good 2 hear get as much education as u can now
Interesting. You mean that b/c CD is easier challenger than NF or bc you'd prefer CD as mayor? NF is much more mod correct?
It is only sprinkling outside. NO EXCUSES! See all of you there.
Of course I <3 Rizzoli and Isles. :)
Almost got hit by a train so that's cool.
Everyone face it
MY MOM SAID YES
#Suicide may be selfish, but so is asking someone to continue living miserably because you'd miss them.
that's torturous! I imagine it's awfully difficult to fully extinguish the scent of halal from your person.
Geoff Dawson: "For Alcohol license you don't need a lawyer, if u do he/she has to stay throughout every step"
I'm feeling starved... I better go see #HungerGames with and to solve that problem.#herewego !! :)
We Are Proud Of Gaga The only women in the world that has #20MillionMonsters that love her and suport her
40 traders in the chatroom now come join us
Have a Happy Birthday!!! :)
Good morning people happy Friday
Aw crap, I'm a day late! And just I had my 2nd cock installed and everything! DAMMIT
Be sure to check out this year's Bath of the Year winners - the March issue is on newsstands now!
1:32am and wide awake....how's a State fan suppose to go right to sleep after that game? I wish I didn't have to be up at 6am.
Regular Show before I do this paper...
I wonder who can name the most people on the cover without downloading first. Ready, set, go.
shidd....for someone like you i would go crazy to find someone like you
listening to .
Good to hear! Must be a problem on my end
text me I have to tell you something
The head guy, or the bad guy. The Bad guy(Michael Ironside) is in a lot of other good films. Head guy, I don't know about LoL
Wearing my Packer hoodie today
Space access- How can it be made cheap? Let's think...
I'm still in a toss-up on who will win in #TheFinals this year. I can see both teams winning it.
no problem. I understand what it is like to have a full plate. Please keep us in mind if you know anyone that we can help!
The drunks come out at night, or is that freaks!
that Myrtle Beach guy is stealing your "I'm the next Kid Rock" shtick.
Hey erryone! volleyball at blue springs south. RIGHT NOW! come :)
its about time to find out plans for this weekend...except Sunday of course.
it's a sad day for Chevy cavalier owners everywhere. would agree
you can say that again!
Happiness depends upon ourselves.~Aristotle
Why do people say im funny
“ Lol rns RT : Perception, most good men don't drive Lambos & have black cards”
<---loves getting her butt ate.
PS I Love You is blowing my mind right now. So good.
In unrelated news, completed Swordspoint by Ellen Kushner last night. Wish I hadn't read the sad short story afterward.
I was trying tonight to figure out how to make the event in the am. #pcbw owns me too!
#Trayvon if you try to take any of what I said to imply anything that would diminish the loss of this kid. People will see what you are!
Can somebody help me get to 100 #Followers ?
holsters are for. 40cals
that could actually have potential!!! I have the 22nd and 23 off of work for Thanksgiving so I could catch your last wk!!!
thank u lady for the #ff!!
*Snicker* I uh accidently melted a crayon so much it fell out. oops!
and so sad! poor Damon.
not spelling apology
That awkward moment when your neighbor's pot smell seeps into your bathroom through the window.
Sext: you are the Easter Bunny and you lay a hundred eggs inside my stomach. I'm still finding some of them a year later. What the hell dude
We can help. Feel free to drop us an email at .
My mom wants to make twitter now hahahaha no!
There was that one time I said cake-flavored vodka was stupid. Then there was that one time I tried it and slapped myself for judging.
FINALLY Done Ironing her clothes~yay! Accomplishment done! :p
oh wait, you're saying provocative language evokes emotional responses so its not ideal for CS discussions?
haha we need to find a copy...stat
get either dell or HP they r alot better
": This tweet reminds me of someone! lol" Lol where u hopping at
I'm Deaf.. but the concert was awesome!!!!
EH, you keeping me away from reading FML's #YahKnow ;D
Half-marathon training going well!
Looking for a silver lining in the Suggs thing? EVERYONE will pick Steelers to win AFC North. Harbs teams play better with low expectations.
will ryan marry me?
"annoying until proven otherwise" I feel for you.
Why are there so few geocoded tweets about #occupy?
Things around me change , but its clear I will always be the same.l
Okay I need some sort of system to know when people are playing! The Weeknd is here on the 26th at 9:30! SOLD OUT! Urgh $150 on stub hub SMH
and another thing yall know that if it wasnt for dj drama and those dedication mixtapes that wayne would be a nobody?
Well last night was BRUTAL! Wisco may be done for the tourney, but let's stay positive. So...GO #BREWERS! #BrewCrew for life!!! :)
i love your profile pic
“: Congratulations April on the new film role!”>>>thanks
Omg I just had deja vu... :o
Its a hundred and stupid degrees outside.
Your my role model.
This knicks games is so dry like dry pussy
dreamy weekend in review: chamber music+art+springtime+good friends+cute babies
Sorry Elephant Room, you're gonna have to move out the tables because I can't listen to sitting down
Lol ": Since it's officially mothers day the only women that can get this dick tonite is women with kids. U deserve it"
I can read an entire book in one day. How? Because I have swag sauce. Lol.
does brandon wood have a shot at making the roster? Haven't seen him mentioned in your updates the last couple of days.
At VCU Sales Managers Forum, fascinating talk on shift from retail to online. Steve Kazanjian from MWV.
Now I am confused. Did I encounter Sally Wood the writer, or her mother?
If you care, call me back
This time last year was fueling up on 5 hr energies and doing pushups in my basement to get ready for panama
The Sam Riggs Band and Atlanta go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
#San Diego is famous for many things, like our Happy Hour! We hope you make it to Banker's Hill this week!
we cant wear pants tomorrow!! Mom said everybody has to dress nice for a communion
In case you're waiting for inspiration to register for the PR+Social Media Summit at on 10/11, there are only 40 spots left. Go!
' Is the results of these regionals posted anywhere?
thanks! I had just received a random congrats on it from someone I'd never met, so I figured it was time to tweet the news.
mass communication workshop...
Big day - Trusted Ally Home Care is finally being recommended for licensure AND The Slipstream demo is getting closer and closer!
Graduation tomorrow....I finally get to wear that expensive ass cap and gown and finally get my degree...
whats your opinion of this? I know mine.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
#subwayfitchat Will you be my personal trainer? :D
Been awake since 11.... still in my bed just chillin on my phone. ....... ;)
So tired
#Kobe just got serious!
The Giants getting a lot of help from the defense and we can't capitalize! I'am fucking getting pissed!
Send someone to Walmart girl! They should have it in stock...
I go crazy if you’re feeling good tell em that i feel amazing Out of my mind but i’m living in the moment Get into the moment yeah!
Sam Houston High School "Tiger" Marching Band-Houston Directed By Mr.Marcus Willmore Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
It feels like I'm getting stabbed in the abdominal area repeatedly. What is up with my stomach... 😳
check out BWB's CD "Groovin"
Holding and swaddling baby during a blood draw can reduce their pain levels significantly, according to a medical journal.
So tired after a long day of bro-ing out. Fun but exhausting.
exclusive event 8/5 bravo greygoose celebs Ny style fashion show if your not there & u r in fashion r u really in fashion?
Thanks for including me in your paper, Marios!
much love yo
I hate that I can't sleep in anymore :( I wanna sleep in
Runnin Rebels open game on 19-2 run. No slow start tonight!
Hi how are you? we met shooting a short film. Small world:)
Rains stopped, come hang with ya folks, open mic jumps off in about 20min. At jazz and jokes.
Me and my girls ready for #wetdreams!!
Did we bike today? Yes we did!
Would like Lamar Miller in 4th Rd for GB...can't see Grant coming back to Packers.
Double booked myself tonight and this weather leaves me NO motivation to do anything!
so... U ever gonna use this account or what?! Lol. Love ya girl!!!
will not be in the Billboard Awards,but the power of #ilvolovers are here to support them.THE HANDS IN THE AIR,the party started ^_^
ITS MY HALF BIRTHDAY!!!!
Good grief....."in my Charlie Brown voice....
Hahahaha lmao! What a good luck!! Why didn't you go?:]
well this speech better go by fast
Mixture of public and private in here!
Checking email, eating yogurt, and choosing my sessions for #CGMD12. Looking forward to seeing my library peeps today!
We've kicked around the idea but nothing formal on the roadmap today...I'll let you know if we roll out something...
If you play a second half like that you deserve to lose
thanks for the mention!
That's good news... I think?
And a special thanks to for the Frankie's Folio shout out!
Two Fisted Mario's is the best pizza in downtown Denver imho.
you're welcome and good night
RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : Providing basic needs advocacy and services so people can live in dignity.
Thanks, Michael!
Playing The Viper Room March 15th ! Rockin' the Bass with Willem And Dakota Band. Hit the stage at 8pm. I have a few tickets for you too :)
I really wish someone had played Paul's Boutique for me when I was 8.
The irony of all this GOPTPer talk of cut cut cut is that programs they depend on will be erased. Be careful what you wish for teabaggers.
were gonna get to see each other all the time!!!! Let's perdy!! Oh and I did find a place to stay temporarily.
filling out my linkedin to look like a moron so recruiters never contact me
interesting. in my world perf is a primary focus.
And the party was (definitely) had!
Lou turns 20 in 4 hours. :)
They are both great instructors!
hit me up I'm down whenever!
Welcome to twitter! Great seeing you...hope biz and marriage are treating you well!!
Loving the NOVA Weather! What's Going On in Fairfax? Chantilly? Centreville?
see you there!
Garrison seems to be feeling a little better, and Madilyn is still sleeping!
LeBron took 2 shots in the 1st quarter - but he had 5 assists and shot 7/8 from FT line.
some people never learn...
oh. BOO FREAKING WHOO! >=(
Ok kool... Thankx for the info....
Last day of school tomorrow! Then a four day break! Whoohoo! :)
What’s happening? What’s happening you ask? Not a Damn thing twitter! So Stop Asking Me! Jeez!!!! lol!
Tim can you print a loop at the top so it can be attached to a lanyard?
Hey, how have u been? Follow me back, especially since I had to be validated and all. :-)
Colombiana The movie is the shit
mets won yesterday , marlins won Friday and today , your just jelly chickka !
be careful what you wish for-- especially on twitter.
Rent show was tonight! <3
Kim Kardashian is making too much of the flour bombing incident. Sure it was not right but she puts herself out there!!!
did the deadline for Limited Edition change? could have sworn it was today, but I'll take the 30th!
wouldn't it be ironic if Bette Davis were a cornea donor?
I don't have one :( I just go to class twice a week.
You're done with school? Now do me.
i guess ur not gonna follow me:'(
Remind me never again to write a book about groups whose name has various other connotations.
We are getting the ball back, let's see what happens
RT : About to sit in on preserving virtual worlds panel with and
yeah I usually use the organic whole foods juice. Though mott's is an ok conventional choice, mo potassium sorbate.
Bonus: will be doing live in-between-films Newbery-themed entertainment for the 11/16 screening in Chicago!
No HS diploma + getting a GED = JUCO for any college prospect. Prep school is a waste
Long jump from #sxsw to Hong Kong. Look forward to time w/ team cc:
i can tolerate dairy ok. i dont have acne but i heard its good for skin, hair and nails- any of those diff? weight loss?
it was necessary drama. my life was over.
..it is by grace you have been saved. Ephesians 2:4-5
infostripe thanks for following me on Twitter!
And I can't even open my door or roll down my window...
Becoming a workout junkie. Did arms this morning, chest in the afternoon.
Somao rewards the crowd with a smothering 33-0 win over Japan. about to start their 2nd match against Fiji!
i have lots of fun in my birthday i went to the movies and dave busters
Only a few more days at the rock. Gona miss some people and many others
hey, what's up with you?
I need some TLC
Feels like fall. I love it!
One day of senior year down and I'm already looking forward to the next break.
The Epitome of Beauty & she's a Hustla......I've found #Wifey now let's see if we cross paths in Dallas.
NO. Huge line. Not worth the wait. Wah wah. Early bird gets the worm.
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need baby-sitters and too young to borrow the family car.
same thing happened to me friday night
oh goodies! I'll need to stop in! :)
It's just a bend, not the end
I hope that SEVEN is truly heaven for you!
Very satisfied with the conclusion of #Survivor. Sometimes someone who has no business winning it does. This time, the jury got it right.
Now available at NYC Printing 123 are Full Color Envelope Printing. Call now to place your order
hey girl - you got plans tomorrow? want to come on that Embassy Tour with me?
check your dms? its super important.
I'm falling head over heels for SublimeText2. Why was it not a part of BDW's curriculum?
That's wishful thinking, I'm afraid, at least right now. When did you move to the big city?
don't put " ... " when you text me . that shit feels awkward .
Yes. That's my nature! RT : follow back
Spending christmas eve with my baby #icantwaittoseewhatigot!
I would never wish a bad injury for him! For his arm to be in a sling I would have to think that's it's really bad!
you are a natural promoter. Hope to see you at a major PR firm soon! Ya dig?
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Giant Eagle - CIALIS -
Conversations with other science librarians at #infocamp - hooray!
First day of Spring... feels like first day of Summer!
back in the UK? Tough gig, counselor.
Tweet-Spree
Thank you so very much to all the wonderful people that came out to Barley Island last night. I hope you enjoy the new
#Np One Thing by Finger Eleven
Micah's got that magic working for him.. Maybe a return of Peyton? haha
BRIDGE LIFT COMPLETE: I-5 slow in both directions at the Interstate Bridge
I'm thankful I volunteer w/ during holidays (+ all the time) cos we feed 150+ homeless LA youth each week!
": If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello"
Why do all cabs go off when it starts to rain and I don't have an umbrella?
Please help me get a follow from 1D =) please ♥
I sat; I looked out my window; I waited for spring. Baseball is here and I'll be there, Sunday, Miller Park.
Monster wins combat, Austin wounded. Monster attacks again...Austin dead.
schlong. wang. the baloney pony. dong. tonsil tickler. pecker. johnson. baby arm. anal impaler.
Bam Margera of MTV's Jackass, rescheduled this Wednesday at American Junkie at Old Town Scottsdale!!! Don't you even dare miss this out!!!
Shouts to the homies for killing it at The Green Room in Flagstaff last night. Good luck on your journey. Watch out Cali!
God has a plan for me and everything will go the way it's suppose to for all the right reasons.
well, now you have a 'sweet ass'..... *ba dum tiss*
“People will forget what you said...forget what you did. But will never forget how you made them feel.”~Maya Angelou Happy #Valentine's Day!
Jarius Wynn Super Bowl baby! That's got to be a good omen for the green and gold. Go #Pack Go!
Never thought I would be this tired in my life.
What is correlation between fussy Broadway show reviewers and shows' success? Perhaps LOW! Viral reviewers. Trad revs like term papers
Mom is standing on a corpse.
I'm not saying surviving cancer twice made me a better artist - it did make me quit corporate job & create dream of www.artisansgonegreen.
Chill day for me ha
Agree but if I'm going with a Mt Dew I'm going with the full sugar throttle.
wat up girl !
he's guns get a spanking
awesome - still gonna make you the bootleg though :)
thanks!! RT “: Same message to marketing/crew and everyone else! #FTB”
Why hello Buckeyes. Keep this play up! O H...
Morning broke, and we looked long in the growing light for our island
had to exchange tickets bought as a gift. done within 48 hours. amazing customer service!
Why did it get so cold all the sudden? back to wearing sweatpants to bed -__-
Go Jets!!!
yeah, you're not going to win trading ibaka buckets for kobe buckets.
sounds like a #punk lol
Follow me
My work is done! A blessed evening & weekend to ALL! Smooches!
Finally got a power drill
Fuck Y.O.L.O its all about F.I.S.H Fuck.it.shit.happens!! Haha
Fuck. I wish people didn't underestimate me. I can be successful. I'll show them all how great of a singer that I can be. <3
THATS WHAT IT DO PIMPIN... IM IN THE SHOW WITH PAPOOSE ON THE 24TH OR 28TH IN WOODBRIDGE, ITS OPEN MIC BUT MY BRAH HOOKED IT UP
Rain rain go away, come back when I'm tucked away, with a warm blanket & a food tray, rain rain go away... Sigh...
Nice. RT : Who knew AOL music had a category called "Prom Songs" ... i know what i'm listening to the rest of the day.
Chicken paprikash so delicious...an admiring chef (my wife) took it from me. Stew worked wonders (she never even saw it).
I love
Thanks for the #FollowFriday! #DC peeps, please think about , they are my #FF!
I'm getting sickies :(
So very sad :(
Elder care is one of the fastest growing franchise segments in America. Get prepared with a degree in Human Sciences from
I'll just say this: BEATLES!!
i'm wearing a sleeve to the gym...hahaha flamesuit on. it looks tight though i feel like a hooper again.
Awful day of poker.If I went in behind I stayed behind, if I went in ahead I came out behind
cross you pitching off the bucket list! So what position haven't you played now? Just catcher?
Maybe, but it wasn't nearly as well-put, I'm assuming.
I saw a driver using an iPad in San Juan a few weeks ago
I'm teaching in Natomas...It's an enrichment class for kids.
2day we break from tweets 2 remember those that lost their lives 10years ago. #neverforgotten #Sept11. God Bless Us All!
I wish u were ez.
hahaha too funny !
when are u coming to the east we really need u there cannot live a day with out u <3 #iloveyou #boyfriend<3
Raven supposedly has come out.
lol of course
Who you tellin? This guy is pimpin his new crib out with Dollar Tree Swag... ;-)
W00T!! W00T!! going to THE WORLD SERIES!! Sorry Phillys!!
This game is nuts, love it!!!
RTing like every single thing tweets because they just relate to me a lot
did you make it?
Check those wiper blades folks, even if you don't believe those clouds up there will produce.
Phone with my boy and girl Bestfriend's <3
Just saw mike greenberg and mike golic from mike in mike in the morning at the tribe game
Had a great early AM breakfast with Sugar Creek! Photos to come soon! Hope everyone has a FABULOUS FRIDAY! \^^^/
yo as muscles. ;p lmao and no, not awesome. >.<
So cool!
AHH I wish I saw you! I'm so blind... But that line was SO long! Haha but yeah I think I found one :)
You shouldn't let this worry you Liz you're beautiful! I hope you enjoy the holiday! I always do because it's my Birthday!
that is just awesome!! Sweet!
It feel like God is putting me through a pac-man maze to the good life
Trying out the new droid!
seagulls ~ red sky ~ wind pushing waves high ~ David Rieder
Getting some things done today. On the grind for me, for my family. That's what it's all about.
Happy New Year
Your love of #Israel always shines through in your tweets !! When did you make #Aliyah?
We are recruiting for a Law #Library Manager in #DC! Contact me for details!
Thank you tax return for knocking down my credit card to only in the hundreds now!
RT : My 10-y-o son asked me what happened to Hines Ward. My explanation: He got old & his team threw him away to avoid paying him.
Just saw a sunrise...from an airplane
God, I got the same thing you said Jamie had and I can't remember what Treasure had but it was all great
Well guess it's time!!
It means the both #Bucks players acquired in Tues trade are eligible to play tomorrow night!
If I don't have a GPS logging device (e.g. Nike+), can I still map a run? Can't figure it out.
Kevin Durant gives me such a Harden.
Great question! Send us information for our Artistic Production committee to consider for a concert. Thanks for mention!
I don't know that I would go so far as to call taxi driving a "career."
Do I look like a lab rat? Beady eyes, little perky ears, twitchy nose, long tail......uh, no! I'm at my quota, no more shots for me today.
Why do we even have a library.. We never get to use it.
Guess what,
My sister still hasn't talked to me since I confronted her about telling on me... Lesson learned I hope!
Taking my hardest day of four classes and combining them into 2 means it's miraculous that I got off the couch this evening.
India Trip Fact #4:There are over 500 people groups still considered unreached in India
Detectives who worked the Casey Anthony case are now defending that work. Story at 5:30 on
or women should say to men "u gotta go north before u go south" ;)
Now Following:
Happy Opening Day #Baltimore. Let's get the #OrioleMagic started. We open at noon. Come pregame.
which Island course? The one just outside of Dublin?
Not surprised Terranova was not renewed. With a script like that, who needs primetime competition?
So let me get this right: 2 white dudes shot 5 black people, kill 3, and the law sez it's unclear if it's racially motivated. Okay then.
I Think Ari Should Have Her Own Line of Bows (:
Yes, it's a good thing. :)
"To begin ... begin." - William Wordsworth
What's on your workout playlist right now?
I need to get away!!!
. & there's no theme or criteria for #Wits requests this week!
I'll be so glad when I move out of these apartments just so I never have to hear another reggaeton or tejano song ever again.
is the #Movement!!! <3
It's always a good day here when Ken Tanaka stops by to chat!
better than the original!
Yuup,like getting pregnant at an early age.
Just stop runnin ya mouth.. got my mind made up. *Shrugs*
RT for a dance picture of me at my comparion it's lyrical
Lot's of burritos finding happy homes right now... it's lunch time at Pepino's!
She's
i try
i have been meaning to tell you, your goats milk cheesecake has been added to my "if i only had one meal left" list. Amazing!
Russell Howards good news has me casually sat here in stitches!
Day 2 of German. Can you say "Neutestamentler?"
that would be so awesome. Lol
he can't eat
thanks we appreciate that!
gotta exercise!
Doritos is doing a good job so far
Why do spring/summer colds seem worse? So annoying! Unplugging and resting still not completely over it. UGH I'll stop whining now.
Happy Jesus day urrrbody!
RT : Finally got to see my boy again tonight!
Tequila or Vodka decisions decisions
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
WE NEED TO STOP JOSEPH KONY THE TIME IS NOW 2012
who's you're favorite nba player?
I've just read a sample of Manuel 's "expose" on Marco Rubio. I'm even more convinced he is just bitter, envious, hack.
Hi Mat, did you see our wallcoverings during the Quick Fixes/One Kings Lane sale? We also demoed at High Point this year
What? He clearly proved he could do a period piece in KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
that sucks!
okay well we got a lot of replies supporting to do a contest, so now im just thinking of what we could do... any suggestions ? - daniella
Family of triple murder victims at Brooklyn Park home daycare relieved suspect now in custody. Live from BP on KSTP at 10.
www.twitter.com/ZooAmp Check out our Twitter page we are having contest for free tickets to Tim McGraw right now! NHSocialMediaOK
have you seen avengers yet???
Thanks for the follow we appreciate it, coming right back attcha
Hair session n a few my hair Finna be hella dope for tomorrow
Girl: "Take a bite of the chicken and tell me if it's good." Boy: "It's real."
Ugh lookin girl!!
Shaka not so Smart now.
Just threw away an entire trash can full of Nikes and Jordans I dont wear anymore. No room for those @ my new place
I admire you tremendously. Your voice is so important. I don't like a lot about unions. But the enemy is even more insidious.
Real Nigga what's up *In my gayest Drake voice*...is that a question or a statement?
talk to my ass because it's the only thing that gives a crap! (it's a line from family guy, not offending you:)
and I will be at the #WEACRA2012. Where are our other brothers and sisters? Will we see you there?
- I'm curious which songs post-1970 become standards of a sort: 'Jealous Guy' ''Time After Time' 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' ?
Rolling 25+ deep to Ford Field...graduation time! EveryFamMemberOnDeck LOL
It slid out of the case when I was picking it up...I managed to soften the blow with my foot.
Not if risk above 2nd lowest bid is shifted to individuals. Group risk is needed to protect individual from catastrophic events.
Just got a spirit present from Nancy. I love Northtown.
U.of Michigan Herbarium Paul Berry at GPI on studying large plant groups: #BHL is a valuable resources for their work! Wohoo!
I just seen like 6 rpd on bikes headed 2 raleigh blvd so u kno they bout 2 post up yall b careful
Head hurts way bad. Knee hurts way bad. Bedtime.
Morning:) Have a great Saturday!
Big card has picks posted today spread around and only 2 consensus off a very nice Friday that went 5-3 in consensus...see ya at the window
It says I am following you! Haha
I didn't snore, did I?
That map hangs on the wall of our bedroom. Fun, isn't it?
Hey twitter, its been alot going on...I am finally back on here...I missed it here... :) Everythings great. I am chillin with the fam.. GN
that's true. It just makes you a soulless person.
yes, it's good stuff and it was a great game!
....and not just about basketball...I love having your back.
Crying like a baby at the end of that movie. Cancer is a word not a sentence. Reminded to be thankful my dad is doing well. God is healer 🙏
Im mad i wont b able to c him on his bday..love u Jataveon!!!...
and everyone is entitled to their own opinion
Shaving my legs at 10 o'clock at night because I'm bored is always a fun time :)
no wegmans does not, but at least for Giant once you understand their system (and its limitations) it can be as quick as cashier
I'm gunna miss you :(( love you bffl💙
You got 2 days to shake that hangover and ready yourself for St. Paddy's day fun!
I thought the smell outeast was bad but its a smell thats on the north thats so sour smh lol
“: At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.”
No matter what you do, the harsh reality is things are destined to change.
To love a women, is to know a womens wants and her needs without her ever saying a word
#HappySaturday good morning.
Hi. Mary. My the names Megan.
Yeah that was fun & basically went shopping w/ him afterwards. Great day! RT : Eating lunch by Jake Gyllenhaal. No big deal
that's impressive!!
Rinne has now stopped 37 shots tonight
I want front row when you come to Cleveland. Can you help me out please!! :) LOL!!!!!
Yo Stay free at toboggan racers son.
Straight A's this semester!!
Jeff Dye is so cute.
Just letting you know that when you tweet your signature on your phone shows up :P
i watched them every friday they were on! omg i have a cold in the middle of may, its not right!
what broker do you use to trade options with?
I had to be the first. ;) Hi!
R.I.R. (Rest In Rhyme) "Heavy Diddly Diddly Diddly D" Thanks for evolving the rap game. Your songs will forever be classics! RIP Heavy D
Working on a lot of social media! :-)
Daffodils are blooming in Virginia beach Virginia!
yes sir
TY ;-) How you doing?
As the first Wisconsin team to lose in a while, the Brewers owe the Packers and Badgers lunch.
Loving the 4 day weekend already. Shit loads to accomplish.
Wrapped directing a web series pilot last night. Exhausted, but ready for the next project.
Am I too late for #SKCChat?
Val, you rock. Seriously. Congrats!
comedians bombing one after another in prospect park.
Its Okay ! I Have No Life Either !D:
Auden is an interesting case. He believed that you should write drunk and revise sober.
Come on!
Any Oscar predictions? Let us know who you think will take best picture, best director, best actor and best actress.
hay loves :D back from skul
Not going to lie I hold grudges sometimes but I do that to be sure I won't get screwed over again
unlock your tweets so I can retweet you!
it was so awesome meeting you! You're so sweet! :) thanks for finding me after
"Dreams are necessary to life." -Anais Nin.
It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l #Food l #Live Sounds l #Cocktails l 630p-10p
Yes - funny. But also true :x
Ha! Love the forward-promo!
Very true. It's too public of a place with severe datamining going on. Why are we all still on #Facebook?!
Before it scored. Arm was flying open, mechanics not sound. Pitch count up. That's how injuries happen. More important than CGSO
What can I say... I like you
What A Boring Ass Thursday -_- Where's The Excitement At ?!
My feet are wet and I do not like it.
Thx 4 ur updates on the semi vs hydrant on Rosecrans. Thats right next to my building! Thankfully the streets are no longer blocked
Pretty much screwed for tomorrow. Going to bed though.
Vacation is over back to the grind LOL. Ordered a new phone finally will be able to keep up on twitter - jit for football season! :)
Hey guys, I'm taken now ;D <3 JUST KIDDING . i'm forever alone & will never ever say that for real .
Where are the best tacos in LA?
God is building you a house, but you cannot move in too fast.
RT Did you know that another sign of a stroke is a crumbled up Kleenex and a bottle of hand cream? // lol
you look pretty when you sing. lol
Breaking conductors down by gesture and body part.
It's bath night for Ava, doing this solo tonight. Wish me luck!
#loserstatus !!!!!!! haha ok ill talk to u later Mandy is out her so ya
An Italian duo in Old City Rob LaScala of LaScala's has transformed Paradigm and Dolce, side by side on Chestnut St.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Art Milwaukee Wedding Giveaway!
introducing the ONLY 100% vegan mobile wellness company in SF (and it's your new contributor, Justine!)
we should write a song together.
He'll do. RT : is our bear......oh my bad. I got my subcultures confused.
Your website: An update a day, keeps the competitors away.
I really love the fact that I have a smart sister that helps me with all the things I need :)
Deja vu is such a weird feeling 😜...at least I'm relieving stress ☺
What men don't understand is that when a woman gives you a chance to be honest,and then you still lie,she has lost all respect for you.
RT : BYU refers to them as play-out games.
love coming out of the shower, then putting on lotion and body spray m smells to god.^.^
At radio show
Check out our president w/ on tomorrow 5/4 re: our Spring Concert on 5/5
they were almost as scary as Lesley Visser
I hate pump fakers if u ain't got it u ain't got it
Thomas Love Peacock~ Names are changed more readily than doctrines and doctrines more readily than ceremonies.
You're welcome, that's awesome that we're the 250th follower! :)
- Safe travels. Your work to highlight poverty in the richest country in the history of history is so important.
The problem with crusading against for-profit education is that students don't think in non-profit / for-profit terms. Attack ads needed.
Next to You #candyheartmessage for our #TweetHearts!
KY fans griping about UK/IU and NC, don't kid urselves. If Cal wants it you play. Guess Bloomington was too much for you.
It's official: I have had it with Christmas music for 2011.
haha. and im a pretty awesome cuddler. But you're too tired, understand. lol!
We like the bubble butt! ;) lol
At the Egyptian Theater to see my friends feature film "I Don't Want to Kill Myself." Can't wait!
I still cant believe he said Fuck You to me -.-
I support Dampier & that's why I'm not going 2 lie, so I won't Tweet abt embarrassment. Most people would dream abt setting an NBA pick.
Samsung Galaxy S I - CNET
Another member has gone home to be with the Lord....my God!
If you dont run your own life some one else will
Ready for race season and some traveling! ": good luck this year,hope 2 c u in central Pa. Sometime."
Wow. Nice pass! could be a quarterback!!
what up chipmunk
Awesome to hear, Corey! Fit ok? Thanks! : just got my Fighting Saints shirt in the mail today. Pretty sweet.
lol koala dance bot crew :D gonna murder it baby
Good fonts are worth it.
... San Francisco, and Cebu, The Philippines. It is majority-owned by The Dolan Company (NYSE: DM), a leading provider of professiona...
interview podcast update-content is brilliant! am working on sound quality, considering making it a two part. putthe pic on site
Hello Rick, thanks for the follow.
loll ! Well that's what I like doing best (:🎶
Going to see Katniss on the big screen tomorrow for an outing!
i downloaded it...cuz i'm just cool like that
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked i don't have any kids. .....then when his baby mother come to the door you look like (o_o) Lol
I wish people weren't such asshole's all the time. But I guess without them, the world would be too stuck up and "perfect"
haha I may have to save this tweet! ;)
on that basis could book them for a private do!!!
GO FOLLOW she needs 4 more till 800
on myself. I'm the asswhole not her
Ah yea!! Super Bowl sunday!
LOL,your Mom is a true #GCODE <>She said she was not going to be staying in this hospital without having her nails and toes done O_o
mean!;D
Just got home. What a tiring day it has been. I'm exausted...
Thank you so much!! I need that motivation as I move through the next book :).
stop tweeting and sell something. :-)
went to court for my lungs they hit me wit life
Holidays in good old texas! Try comparing it to a cordoba christmas!
Who says Asians can't drive?
Ok, what I meant to say is blue eyed people have been making me crazy lately. That is all.
ANYONE THAT OWNS OFFICIAL SF GIANTS LINCECUM WIGS OR WILSON BREAD, PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP! THERE IS $50 IN IT FOR YOU!!!
This white chocolate mocha is saving my life. AP Gov study sesh with Sam, Gaby & Brandon 👍
sorry btw it just occurred to me that you don't share those dreams hahahaaaaooooooh god what have I done
are you and gonna do the job?
20% off everything today! And drinks and snacks from 6-9 tonight! Get something for your hot date this weekend
Goodnight<3 sweet dreams!
Silver Stars season ends with 85-67 playoff loss to Minnesota Lynx.
Shopping alone at UTC
shelby robinson yolo's on softball highlight video
Is your business displaying the most up-to-date labor law posters at each location? 2012 Labor Law Posters, find ur state...
is the best person ever. She is so nice and I admire her
I will do my best but I can't guarantee a win. Bet a beer on me!
You only live once
Thanks to I have had delicious banh mi sandwiches and good coffee, improving my #scms12 dramatically
Serious technical issues.
I passed it with 100%! One down three to go. It gets less math and more memorization from here. Not my strongest area.
Sleater-Kinney's One More Hour is on right now. Haven't heard them on the radio in a LONG time. Taking me back...
I don't think it'd be possible to count. Such good times always flashbacks whenever I hear
“ “ R.I.P. & HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin RT to show respect””
Excited to see funny guys who can't bowl tonight
Just wanted to say that your set at was smokin'. Earned a new fan in us.
Felt so wiped yesterday, amazing how great I feel today after all that!
agreed. It's like crack.
Thank you Lear Automotive, LLP International for
Our website is down. We are working on the problem and hope to have it up shortly.
#What2ChainsWouldSay I eat her up for lunch eat the beat for dinner got that good wood I cut yo girl give her ass a SPLINTER
"The law of the harvest says: Focused effort is amplified by appropriate timing and regimented routine." - Rory Vaden, from Take the Stairs…
Congrats to all of my friends graduating today.
Can never get too much of those.... well maybe. "Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?" RT : coffee & reality tv
um actually, I'm done, i'm just putting it together!
Aye Send Those Pics 2 Mi Phone
oh yea, what time? I would love to go!!
that's one crazy crazy game. on my dvr. forever or at least until the next episode of modern family. lol
Sloppy knock on by USA.
hi can u follow back plz
I thank you Jesus cause God answers all my prayers
my printer just growled at me like a wookie...I'm scared
STOP TALKING TO ME YOU CREEPER!
NEVER TOO LATE.
thanks!! Ready for the mini?
indeed! Nice to hear the point of view of the folks directly involved, instead of facts in a newspaper.
's party was cracking ;D !!
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY
have fun in Vegas homie! Tell Byron I said what up
Check out #DJCHARLEYSHARP "In the Mix special guest Alana Johnson from Rags 2 Riches Fashion Show May 3 at USU
Alera Valencia Series Bow Front Desk Shell, 72w X 42d X Cheaper ...
Fuck I just got soap in my eye!!! Hurts like a bitch x/
so not feelin good bleh i might thro up
The awkward moment when someone sends you a one direction song and you like it....
I hope all the mothers in Brewer Nation (or otherwise) had a tremendous Mothers Day!
Ever seen them live?
Here..let me help you with that! NO!RT : Looking for the thumbsdown button!! (Re only discussing Pinterest)
written/video reviews, articles, faqs, forum, local minimalist locator (like 4square), shoe guide/compare/pick best shoe for u.
Like one of my alltime favorite artists - I'm #WorkingOnaDream - follow my journey - stay tuned for news & info
Done w survey.
A5: Silence or "Have you considered a career in another field?"
I think your shirts could use a better font. What do you need a graphic designer for?
Thank you! And likewise! :)
How do you name a new product when all the good names are already taken? any fab ideas for me team?
Hey Calapari, congrats on the win. I hope the banners have velcro on the back though.
#Chokers signed that bum Mario Henderson today, that means big sacks for #Raiders D-line!
So the wind pushed me into my car AND shut the door 😂
just saw mission impossible...."intense"
#9News legal analyst says accuser's inabilty to remember what happened night of alleged assualt "major obstacle" for P. Cox prosecutors.
absolutely! everything was so beautiful. didn't take too many inside the ship. mostly outside. you will see them in 2 days
Yea but adam is gay.
neither;nor
In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
Refused and ATDI? I wish I could go this year.
I'm not sure I get it.
oh ya? I have one million and one :) ok maybe not!
why hello there captain.
I'll be waiting for you! You gotta catch me up on life at BG
The work has been at several botanic gardens so far -- I think NY and DC among them. Amazing work.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
“: #Leos are honest, loyal and very optimistic.”<------ BOSS :)
GUESS WHAT! You could've typed the 't' instead of the full stop. Fail.
#ImHappyWhen My friends actually invite me somewhere instead of me asking.
Today was the 2nd stage for the Modern Woodmen Speech. My friend Oscar was up there and...IT WAS JUST SO F***ING SAD!!! It made me cry...
I've been waiting at Metro Center for over 45 min..
I just realize I forgot to say goodnight to last night. Forgive me?
If I had all the wifi data in the world, I wouldn't trade it for the one known source I now have.
Great interview but wow- you're absolutely stunning tonight - is that new? #backchannel curator of the CC Museum!! LOL
india gonna win!
nah I think it's called bisexual
Let's go mayweather
Good morning thanking God for life
: "We're far too technologically advanced to need to use our vocal chords."
Happy Birthday to the hottest woman on this planet ..... ! Can I get some of that birthday cake?
Leesburg: heavy rain with some wind in less than 20 mintues...
Good Morning! Have a Wonderful Wednesday.....SPREAD LOVE
My dad asked who I was texting, I told him my drug dealer... He didn't think it was funny.
Want to share your Trinidad Sour recipe with the world? See you at #mcc2012!
thats right. Early Retirement Squad sounds more legit tho lolz getting paper cuts over here and I get automatic deposits :)
Felix + Oscar, Willie Nelson + anyone, Corona + Lime, mac + cheese = better together
Do it again Sunday!
Busy busy night. Love it!
dude you rawk. RT : Ok party people and fellow stoners! Ad this person to your lists. Why? Stay tuned.
just how horny bro
Jk cause boots is a chicle and a cockblocker
And Nina Foch!
Ace Factor hits the stage tonight at 7:30!!
BITCH LOOK LIKE AN AVATAR
Yes! charge it haha I can't even imagine what will happen in the thrid
i love my iPhone btw :)
If I stopped playing golf every time I was six over through nine holes, I'd never get past the windmill hole...
#GameOfThrones was good, hit me up tomorrow for some $10 custom tees
love love
hahahah yeeaaah(: && me & him are together.. he just doesn't know it yet hahah:b
pumped to write comparative review of your terrific book and azaransky's on pauli murray
well spoken!
Work 4-close!
not the real Selena
u deserve it! U r done with finals, time to celebrate graduation!!
Life is a matter of dealing with other people, in little matters and cataclysmic ones, and that means a series of conversations
Train is delayed. But I've had such good luck with you so far amtrak. Let there be open seats at least.
"Call Me Maybe" so we can go "Round and Round"
Since most of us spend our lives doing ordinary tasks, the most important thing is to carry them out extraordinarily well.
I big thank you to all the ladies out there today looking beautiful in those summer dresses.
Never pick a fight with someone who buys ink by the barrel--or has lots of Twitter followers.
1936- #Ethiopian Emperor Rastafari Halie #Selassie the Lion of Judah fled Addis Ababa in advance of #Mussolini's invading armies.
I suppose I'll join the #Skype gripefest too
Guess its his time of the month
Welcome. Didn't get much of a chance to disrupt.
That Iguadola layup will be your playoff teaser from here until next season.
I don't think I'll be sleeping peacefully tonight... Saw a flippin roach and my whole body just got goosebumps >.<
After all they've went through this season this team deserves to win the FA cup. They were the best team today no doubt
most that r looking love r virgins!haa!thn once they take the plunge..thier sluts like most & work & go 2 splash!
prolix, self-indulgent, and jargon-ridden prose fan club
when girls try to wear boy clothes <<<<<
I just looked I wonder what happened cause u were the 1st per I followed and now its liked I just followed u?
I can only imagine....
was on Edge :P
Thanks for the RT!
First day walking to work and I get to see the sun come up!
Great #PR resolutions from 5 Resolutions for #2012 for PR and Social Media via
I miss you to!
Off to Facebook:)
haha alright. If you want I'll teach you some stuff when you get back
yea snuggle
You're cuter than a guinnie pig, wanna take you up to Winnipeg, that's in Canada!
Thanks for the #FF love!!
The #policestate likes it when you believe it doesn't exist. Don't give them the pleasure.
hope u make ur deadline!
So boring .... Ugh
Weather calls for a beautiful night to bike Cleveland with 300 others! We depart THE MALL at 7 PM and will ride for about 10 miles.
Meillassoux doesn't sound that crazy to me. Does that make me crazy?
burned 356 calories doing 43 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
saw Denver's schedule for 2012...not easy..all that division and the Pats and Falcons on the road..
Rain Rain Go Away, we want to workout outside today...
For reals. RT : If Seattle still had the sonics I would never miss a game...
": Pray For Me Please."i will
loll, omg. dead.
lets go #teambringit ! #teambringit is gonna beat
Flips show this Saturday! Woot woot!
Let's blow up his mentions to wake him up?(:
yes great idea!
Oh please! Now get a proper icon!
game tonight. Pitt I'm sorry we have to do this to you.
I cannot believe what thinks is okay to wear with guests in attendance.
Going to bed now. I need it to be tomorrow!! Ahh <3 goodnight
I thought "Skrillex" was the name of a new brand of tampons.
Two hrs til my weekend officially begins. Yayyyy. So looking forward to these days off.
Montgomery County Police are searching backyard and wood line of Michigan Ave. in Silver Spring for the reported armed fugitive.
“: Cross the line if you push people away because you dont want to get hurt.” #mylife!
Dropkick Murphys and Mighty Mighty Bosstones tonight at Fenway Park...OH YEAH!
you deserve it
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month! The countdown has begun...
So excited about the songs I'm writing with my new band!
updating plaxo - is it worth doing?
just another saturday morning at Notre Dame? #toofar?
it really is though like I'm not even complaining haha
STOP BEING A STRANGER
I never wanted to be a player, I always wanted a fairy tale :'-/
family vacation doesn't start til tomorrow and they've already stressed me out
dude is rocking it!! love that they are honoring dance music!
Volunteer training #fireiceexhibit did you know #Hindenburg was the length of the Capitol building?
“The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.” Clifton Fadiman, born on this day in 1904.
Peeps, we're out at 14th and U today. Come by and say hello!
Today was a fun day...didn't step outside once. Saw lots of HTML and CSS though...my girlfriends.
I feel really cool haha
punch some crazy teenage kids in the face today!
whose a few im one of them
No matter who you're trying to be, you are always gonna be the man in the mirror.
RT : Hey peeps! Don't miss the Closing Party tonight at Sodo Showbox 6:30pm with...
Love Q & A concept. Provides "memorable experience" convert causal fans into brand loyalists
You're sweet!
Today in 1970, Bread hits #1 with "Make It With You".
NO. WAY.
Obama adviser Robert Gibbs tells AP he expects Wisconsin to be tighter this year than 2012 when Obama won by 14 points
three 3 and outs.
Trent is a beast. Cant wait to see that dude run in the bigs.
I really need to start living my twitter life more..one tweet at a time? Baby tweets. I mean, baby steps.
Amen bro
: AT least I stood with you:)
You are THE Paul Revere! Don't doubt the ? next time!
oh will we lol
In my purple boy shorts
WE'VE GOT TO WORK, WORK, WORK THIS OUT. LOLOLOLOL XD
Looking nice!! Wish I was on your tour. Enjoy.
Patrick Dooley, Chief of Staff: leading structural effort to merge ADAA and MHA into a single Behavioral Health Admin.
hell naw! These the money makers! We just loving our tour right Now and abiut to release these classics in spring!
posted on my facebook page
#thankstomyex I passed the bar exam when she dumped me! :D
considering the #Brewers hitting/pitching whoas has the front office considered wearing the powder blue uniforms?
ok im gonna start the live chat in about 5 mins :)
u are hilarious !!!
Yup, you're pretty awesome :-) the presentation went well, now to play the waiting game on grades. #crossedfingers How are you??
OMFG a week away without a phone. SOMEONE TALK TO ME. Haha.
I Am Almost To 900 Followers. Can Somebody Please Help Me? I Would Love To Have 900 Followers By The End Of Tonight If Possible...Pleasee :)
ayyy dios mio my head hurts like hell :O
it was the most hidious thing ever...ugh...i rememberbit like it was yesturday..
The blog or the new profile? RT : Seems overwhelming. RT How do you feel about Facebook's new Timeline? bit.ly/AfcZiU
Watermelon, grilled peach and feta salad with hummous and crackers and a glass of red wine... Thanks Samadhi!
RT : RHP Blake Parker being added to bullpen today. Was 2.08, 13 app. at Iowa. Correspndng move TBA. Coleman, Maine have options.
doesn't cellular look different though?
let us entertain your clients during the holidays! Check out our music at www.supertonicstringquartet.com we have holiday music
Only two spots left for Friday's makeup deal - $50 in BECCA products...call 441-1777 to book!
Figured it wouldn't be as transparent if I deleted and reposted correctly :)
Cookin up some breakfast..m....goetta
I hate watching those disgusting replays in a game.
#breakFast the most glorious meal of the year
Time is moving so slow
Tigers game with & :) Go Tigers!
Q: were you born in texas? Yes, Dallas, Texas. :D
Love in Beautiful Girls. I forgot how good that movie was.
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong ('',)
lol. Haven't seen you here in awhile ;)
where you gonna be after the game?
All calm at the moment in the 405 closing all emergency services in alert, so no problems reported.
and ruined all of your credibility
WHY IS AUSTIN SO ADORABLE asdfghjkl;
i believe in deadlines :). I will check my calendar on Mon!
Grr enemy is staying here. Who wants to sabotage?
you're welcome! & thank you! Yes its at 1:30 today :)
Such a FUCKING amazing night!!! Peeta I LOVE you
selena's new song falling down is amazing can't get it out of my head!!!
aw thanks u to luu! love you
The word "cassingle" needs to die.
It's all true, baby.
stacking ASS!!!
"Change doesn't come from those who wait, it comes from those who agitate!!" ~Julian Bond, National Equality March Oct '09
new day same ambition! taking this music to the top! confidence on high like inflation! its your boy slimgoodie!
loves the red line because of the dork factor of the reading everyone is doing.
Party at the store tonight 6-9! 20% off while you mix and mingle including 60-80% off summer markdowns!!
High puffy RT RT : welcome home! :)
lol it's a bet aye u need to call me or dm me your number
good job in the gym ps To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why? ask why not?!
Damn I don't know if I want the wireless Beats headphones or the Solo HD. The Solo comes in my favorite color red and wireless is
at a party
Hey!!!! Hope u have a good day at dress rehersals ;D
preciate it bro
Someones gonna want me.
NO get coupons but by no means cut your cable..Hello #madmen is in 2 weeks and #gameofthrones in less than a month.
Earth in upheaval: Europe stole the show in 2011. In 2012 the debacle may consume the west, US & Japan; plus crises in Iran, N. Korea, etc..
Καλημεραα!!!! Good morning!! Training time :-)
FOLLOW BACK:) AND PLEASE TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC THX
Hunger is the best sauce.
Not getting stuck at work because of the weather, nope I'll swim home if I have to - ah : /
RT : "For mobile apps - adding visuals and primary sources is key." - Richard C. Cooper
Who knew Conan O'Brien can wax so simple and profound, right?
You cannot equate money & humanity.
Are you kidding me? Glee?? What is this crap?
I have social media chronic fatigue syndrome right now
People still use Outlook in 2012 :-)
Where should I eat dinner? Hype Hotel has left me woozy...
It's a beautiful day in inland San Diego. Beach is overrated :)
is one freaky chick! Wow she rocks!
We are preparing for #aaos conference in San Diego next week. Great solutions to share. Check out booth 141, Jen, Phil, and Mary.
happy happy birthday to one of the best people I know! Love and miss ya
People that chew ice freak me out.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat - Alex Levine.
All I wanted this Christmas was your virginity. I named this ruffie after Santa.
Take an inventory of your online reputation: have friends look & help identify content that should be removed.
A hungry stomach seldoms scorns plain food. Horace
Tim riggins featured in 2 commercials so far....
I dont know what i will do without her
yep... maybe chugging some water will get this out of my system! :oP
thanks for retweeting me!!
Say Somethin If your feeling the vibe. Say Somethin Baby Don't Be too Shy. Say Somethin Cuz' Your All In My Head Like Oh woah Yeah Yeah (;
Who would have thought with weaver pitching, no HR by josh and Angels scoring 6 that the rangers would be winning? And winning easily.
YOUR FUCKING MOTHER.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight Social Club 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
So will UMS. Well, no motion, but still....
and I are right there with you.
Congratulations to our very own you can work for the WH, then hopefully the design world will be a breeze!
I hope they get 1D for the newbeez fest<3
Your argument was being "spammed" not that you don't like it, its cool we don't want any fans like you.
wow!!! good stuff I subbed :D
Ford, Edison, Jobs..all put a ding in the universe. That's what great innovators do. RIP Steve.
Maryland Film Fest Opening Night tickets still available - $50, buy at the door by 7:30 at Brown Center. Show starts 8pm.
Shout out to Michael from for taking gr8 photos @ the #Cubs event inc. the 1 that landed in the !
ALL DAY
Congrats on the win!!!
I love "If someone cant make a mashup of your content, why do you have it?"
I'm doing well;) Ty~I'm sry things r uncertain 4u~I wish I cld help;( I LUV U!!! If I cld, I'd give u a BIG OL'SQUEEZE!!! Xoxox
Mad as can be at you know who piss off yo brother can kick bricks!
LMAO! "It's like a whale gave birth to a roaring t-Rex"
Goin to take her to the redneck fairs this summer 😊
Hate those days that not you on your ass. Need a cigarette. #badday #badhabbits :(
Thinks its funny that my sister seems to be so concerned with the sound of the iced tea making in the coffee pot...
Thank you Michael! MT #FF to FP industry thought leaders: &
Every person on earth gets 24 hours, that makes us all equal. Its what you do with yours that makes us unequal
nigga ;3 that's the point! Cotton candy pink is freakin radd. I'll be like "eat my hair" & they'll be like "fuckin weirdo"
it's called I'd cap that but only iphone has it.
My weekend was restful luv, and how was NY fr you...I talked to Drew today
thank you!
Celebrating 24 years of business today with the whole Apple Rock Family!
I do find myself much more receptive to kitteh sloppy seconds =)
Ugh its so late but im not sleepy and i need to get hw done but i dont have enought energy. What do i do?! Im not sleepy but im tired ...
Hm, I have no idea. The G8 summit should be over by then, right? And L&E is booked solid, too!
Awww! You will see him again soon. He loves you more than anything don't you ? We love you danielle!! <3
The only thing I've learned from my nutrition class: We all will pretty much die from anything we eat.
Used to work there, #agree RT : Copper caboose needs better training of employees #fail told no meat in potatoes
Just counted 4 toolbars on the girls browser in front of me
yeah! i just wanna see adam's sexy self.
Hey and , go meet each other and be friends! I'm bridging my Wooster and Rhodes families, one meeting at a time!
Why did the duck stick his leg into a computer?He wanted to have webbed feet.
The new record is finally complete! A year and a half in the making. Can't wait to get it pressed
Crackin' up over here!
Good morning !!!!! :D am still up couldn't fall asleep! :( <21
Phil? ": What was Scar's name before he got his scar? #LionKing”
Thanks again to for making what we do so pretty
if he was 62-62 he would of lasted this long anyway.
Really trying to keep it together in front of my lil kings but i feel like my heart just went through a food processor and a whopper chopper
someone wrote: “I wish Google maps had an 'Avoid Ghetto' routing option”
Is that like take your child to work day? Just kidding of course! Tell the HSD gang I said "hello."
I said GLENDA not Diana RT lmao! She bout 65 RT : I missed Detroit news... fine ass Glenda Lewis!
"People are afraid of paintings. When it's a quilt, it clears up for them. Makes them feel closer" on her mediums
just updated #seesmic, love the new timeline navigation features!
Dream. What are you doing with yours? Do something!!
#ff Great tweets this week!
Georgia early in the morning tomorrow!(: excited! Well reading quotes/advice from before and now. There so meaningfull<3
RS' 'beast of burden' will always make me jive
Underwear seem difficult to make; maybe THAT'S why they're so expensive.
For wa?:o RT ": Tickets for $4 ^_^ Tell me if you want some :)"
Rage For Recovery is coming up! Portsmouth Ohio it's been awhile. Are you ready to tap your toes and synchronously move your hips?
Happy 60th! Fun show this morning
Oh okay, just listened to it! It sounds good :) aw can't wait! is that the only song you want?
there is a ginormous bug in the bathroom and I am not going in there.
Thanks for the shout out ! We look forward to Public Exposure tonight.
I want to sue the US Government on "eminent domain grounds". Taking of property with payment of just compensation. F--k Congress
I told Aubrey she can't leave me..it's so hard noting having your best friend by your side every single day ):
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STANA X :)
#BeckMedia Fiesta Friday/Quatro de Mayo starting in about an hr. Not that I'm counting down or anything. Hit me up if you want to come.
just started following Paper towels...Jealous??
Fuggin' ridiculous too... can't shake out of it either.
I knew you were talented - but the guitar in the pool!? Wow...
What does that mean? There will be more detail in a Facebook post (& even more on my blog) presently, but put simply: less text, more video.
that's a fantastic invite!
I'm expecting #CaptSuck to roll into a double play. Why? Because he sucks.
Wait. What. Walter is the god?
Diamonds are the gem of character and spirit. They radiate the dazzling personality of those who wear it.
Goodnight Twitter -- We will be watching Apollo 13 tonight.
Consciousness conditioned by an object becomes conditioned-consciousness.
good afternoon
is this good or bad?
"The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it." - Peter Pan (J.M. Barrie)
had an amazing day with the love of my life, ! I missed him so much!
