Annoying the french anagama are bacterial lasers remaining ...
Thank you! I am looking forward to perusing this!
word? Where at?
I had a NIGHTMARE that I couldn't attend for senior year. I woke up and realized I should probably sign up for the reunion.
what it do playboy?? Love the Premro joint!! Wanna know if we can collab again on some new heat?
Sitting here in Houston TX enjoying a real Diet Coke, that "Coca-Light" they serve in Columbia is too sweet!
I kinda miss talking to he has disappeared from my text messages, voxer, and timeline for a little while lol
Getting ready to watch
Taking risk ...
I LOVE the UK and the people there. I cant wait until I'm seeing fans from there in my mentions and in person <3 I think I could live there
The beginning of an acquaintance whether with persons or things is to get a definite outline of our ignorance.
I often wonder how one person can love something so much... and another not at all
I'm glad u didn't hash tag that
well if jas doesn't want to that's fine but I'm supposed to go to ball state Saturday to a party, so Friday for sure but
hi bethany, sorry for the delay complimentary scarf sent today. Business is off to great start i've been swamped.
she's got broken things where her heart should be.
I'm tweeting while driving. I'm soo cool :]
Which is more annoying, "apps" as short for "applications" or for "appetizers?"
Hokies are destroying Virginia! ACC Championship game! Here we come!
Absolutely overwhelmed that you can watch virtually all of the performances at Coachella. in full.
haha i didn't think so....gotta stop leaving your computer open matthew -danielle the mom
Dodge VAE49M #rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in #NJ run STOP signs? Second arse today!
Dude has an inconsistent curveball, so you advance him? What?
< when I sleep so well, my hair and makeup look good enough not to do anything to them in the morning.
2nd worst sleeping experience of my life, 1st being box city. Oh MRHS!
First day at Midwest Band and Orchestra convention!
Broken heart again??? Another lesson learned. Better know your friends. Or you will get burned!!!
GIVE GRATITUDE BECAUSE YOUR ATTITUDE DETERMINES YOUR LATITUDE
Stop sing dude
You know they will shoot it better against us.
The awkward moment when ur obsesses or really love or true fans of One Direction BUT u don't know nothing about them
Confirmed: Dr. Winslow Sargeant, Chief Counsel for , will speak (and mentor!!!) at Seattle. VERY cool.
ugh. Wish photoshop's type tools were built a little better.
Gaming is $100 billion market - obviously presenting huge opportunity for social sector... But how to do it effectively?
This afternoon's Studio Session with Good Old War has been cancelled due to illness.
One girl. One time. One chance. One night. Told her how i feel. Next second she was mine. ;)
The best ideas are the honest ones, born out of personal experience that originated to help a few, but that end up helping many.
ideal, yes! RT : providers, caregivers and patients to jointly make disease-specific FAQ lists
The only thing anyone should be calling Joel Ward is...CLUTCH!!!
September 4, 1993 - Jim Abbott pitches a 4-0 no-hitter over the Cleveland Indians at Yankee Stadium.
Regarding marriage: I don't care if the couple is gay or straight... all I want is an open bar and some hot bride's maids (female).
Yahoo! Thanks so much for the updates.
Uh oh, site was down for 20 minutes. By my estimation, the host should owe me about $0.0005 in ad revenue.
Editing ... I LOVE you so...
You come at the king, you best not miss. - Omar Little
i don't believe plants are drugs :)
Can't watch the notebook today. It'll just make me cry and make me want him even more :(.
You're currently @ Twitter Follower Odyssey 2001 (:
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
And a happy Tuesday to you.
thanks Jess. It's an honor!
my kind of record
": #FF fetish - "- Thank you for the RT love, here in Miami representing!!! Ha. Xoxo
I worked at Shock Trauma last year n' produced training video for troops; simulation in Ft. Detrick very life-like
#ARTSDAYLA Deputy Briefing! Great way to start the day.
THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE CRADLE
I like your style, sir -- Thanks for sharing the calendar!
hi everyone. I'm new to twiiter, but familar with everyone movie star and musician. Follow me on twiiter Much love to the ladies!
M...Campbells tomato bisque is the best.
Finally joined the world of twiitter ... woot woot, my first tweet; working hard to make sure moves forward.
just landed a role in an independant film!!! Congratulations!!!!
It's just so overwhelming!
"To oppose the nafs is the essence of all worship and the pinnacle of all strife." -Sh. 'Ali al-Hujwiri [via Kashf al-Mahjub]
Needed last night. Do not need how I feel this morning.
same shit bored as hell but my eyes are getting sleepy lol
Ahahah of I will I'll takes pictures for u
His fingers are nastttttay.
MOOGing it up this morning.
I hate when Beiber fans say we're 'haters'. By Haters do you mean "An Older Generation That Remembers What Good Music Sounds Like"..?
Girl: My boyfriend doesn't text me anymore! Me: Please, I still have to buy tickets just to see my boyfriend.
Glad you're going back bud! I just recovered from the cold/flu. Really bad one this year! Learn motor cycle racing yet?
Lunch just made my day, s/o to HGHS for being such instigators 😂
And the award for the newest heartthrob of country music officially goes to ! She is absolutely stunning! ; )
damn cold and lonely! :(
RT : Happy 110th birthday to Frank Zamboni, who left us in 1988 but still resurfaces periodically.
Had a good time with the homies last night.. shoutouts to #MalBoi #RocDiddie & #BryanDaBarberLopez!! it ain't nuin but some money
Also Philosopher Bernard Stielger speaks on "Education as the Development of Attentional Forms" Friday 3 PM ATEC conf room via
is heading to #SXSW.! Look us up if you're planning to be there. We'd love to meet.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Join us from 4-6pm on the plaza in front of Ellicott City Station. Choo Choo Blue will be handing out treats!
That's funny.
Dont miss the chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets to , only a handful remain w/ promo code: BigNightRocks.
I realize it's a chain, but the Chili's in Wakefield, MA is consistently really good.
My nap >
Anyone commuting back & forth between CLE and CBUS for both days of #thatcamp? If so, DM us. We might have an errand (and reward) for you.
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE IS CLOSE TO 1K!!!!
Sorry don't u know what is AVLL? i just saw this on Trends and if u know can u say what's it
Howd you finish in that tournament?
It seems that we all agree that the first step to change is educating and empowering your staff. That bleeds to your customers
getting a turkey dinner for
the hard thing is getting others to realize. Glad I'm not alone.
"Ignorance can work in your favor"
they are commonly called "blinckers because they "blink" (who'd guess?) To signal a movement to other drivers.
Congratas ;you just become our 1300th follower! Please email re: your tickets!
I watched the second showing of #MadMen last night, so I missed much of the conversation, but this episode infuriated me. Anyone else?
Mixing and mingling at the community mixer this afternoon with our new City Councilman due to the redistricting. Change is good!
Thank you for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article :-)
You're welcome! We are new to the Twitter space, but you looked like an awesome follow.
i fuckin hate my ex!!! :/ ughh grow the fuck up...
goodnight love :) <3
hi friend how are you all
I'm about to kill someone. Just no.
“: If Ben Roethlisberger plays the 2nd half, it'll be the most amazing thing that's happened since he avoided jail time...”.
And yet, I STILL want to put my hand out, just to see for myself...
Watching Friday After Next lol Too funny still
#getit also, we're due for a visit soon. Your city or mine?
Dang it. Had to spend 99 cents in because they got a special edition BOO. I never make in-app purchases.
OKC feeling the flames!!!
😍 Amazing voice!You raise me up
Any gardeners out there? What’s the best, environmentally safe, way to get rid of aphids? Trying to reclaim my late dad’s rose garden.
DID YOU WATCH IT YET
Lots of fun this week but we are ending it sick - boo :(
It's snowing in Omaha! Maybe we'll see a flake or two in DSM! Hooray winter!
Eric Cooper scored 20 points and Cameron Osorno 17. Freshman Tyler Dorsey scored 28 points
Open sesame. Booze train pulling into Polskaville 9am.
im pretty sure ive never made a gif naked sweetie.
so u u dnt represent myne ?
Watching the KU vs UK game and I must admit I do kinda miss the college basketball atmosphere. Damn Lockout.
Dude, Aidan called BOTH of those saves... he knows America better than I do lol
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America. The rest cheat in Europe.
u'll always lose from me *grins*
RT : HEY GIRL... hows it growing in Chicago gardenland? <-- busy busy! And awesome!
insane pace in 1st period. Will it continue in 2 and 3? “: After one we are still scoreless! #Caps and #NYR #StanleyCup”
Thanks for the RTs! If you're near Alverno today, stop by, get some treats and say hi!
Wow!! That was amazing!!
thanks for attending! We hope you get some use out of them.
yes, it's a tough balance because traditionally an artist is paid for every play (radio, etc). But the times they are a changing.
WE BACK!!! LIKE WE LIVE IN THIS B*TCH!! STARBOY STUDIOS THE BEST IN STUDIO RECORDING BOOK NOW!! (305)627-3216
We really love being on Hawthorne. Great people down here.
Nickelodeon VS. Disney Channel ...AAAHHHHH!!! I couldnt choose one over the other :(
you should be ashamed of yourself.
1 in 20 of the world's 285M visually impaired got that way as a result diabetic retinopathy? Glad to help
We don't know her, but we can attest to the fact that she takes a GREAT picture.
thanks you for your kind words, we appreciate it. We do open for lunch on Fri, Sat and Sun.
i know i know and i'm not wearing a seatbeLt so if the car stops fast i can die im scared D;
Gearing up for the #nuggets #mavericks game tonight. late start tonight folks check the time
just be sure to use your powers for good :)
DO IT PLEASE
YAY!!! my Sis is on the phone. back in min. Have to wish her a happy moms day....I am an Aunt afer all. :D
Yes, I devoured a dictionary for dinner today. It was splendid.
Is escalating its exposé of pburg police? Police refuse to comment or call back so 8news puts email addresses on TV?
lmao come out here this weekend fam
Made a paper airplane out of a funeral announcement.
im currently cringing at my computer..
lol how many people have to say something to make it trend????
Doug Melvin just made an appearance at the game.
Absolutely! Any time :)
awesome! Didn't want to ruin the surprise. ;)
Dnt be actn shy up in dis room like I make you nervous
Yep, thats my bf for ya RT "Run fast, so you don't get beat by a girl"
The number one "babe" on TV! Do you really think we can get this guy off the air? Would be huge blow to the rw noise machine.
this guy has the biggest fanny pack I have ever seen.
I love you ! If you not follow me , i wanna die!!
thanks for an AMAZING dinner ! We will definitely be back!
How can we not only improve education, but also hack the way we learn?
I'd be happy to feature them!
Sean Putman, thanks for the great chat!
could be 4 and 6:30, but not positive. Will get you definite answer.
Trust in yourself, and the rest will come together
yikes - frost!
#ExcusesToDrink - 'bout dern time this was a trend on twitter. My answer: just cuz!
The genealogical method gets a bit unwieldy when your research effectively covers multiple field sites across large distances.
You see right through me, RT Tease...
thanks for the great shout out!
great tutorial!
Visiting the Arsenal Tech High School Collision Repair classes today!
maybe should add some G+ integration stat
The trolls are out in force today.
its unfortunate but slow golf is ruining the game at all levels. or maybe i am just jealous bc i still dont have a hole in one
you and me both! :)
TONIGHT AT LOTUS NIGHTCLUB - $5 U-Call-It ALL NIGHT to celebrate Brian's FIVE YEAR ANNIVERSARY as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!!!
I be im ma own lane.. and only be wit one crew!
But as the song says---> Day by Day...Day by Day
is wondering what would I tell my younger self?
I've experienced it myself - sometimes by men, but as often by women. There are a lot of callous and ugly people in the world.
You have a great product, but how about markdown preview like byword does?
down! What day?
Adore this ": When something happens to disrupt my peaceful, easy flow, I bless it with love #affirmation"
Dear whoever is reading this, I hope you know that you're never alone, and that somebody out there loves you more than you will ever know.
I favor bringing back quartering of these interpreters!
thank you so much!
how long till the same as wisconsin happens here in San Diego due to mismanagement of city?
She sounded OK. Didn't really dig the dress - had a bad prom dress vibe.
thank you boo! I'm such a nervous wreck. But I'm going to do my best!
you don't piss me off. bahaha. MERP does.
Thank you. Read your article on the $700 Hyperdunks. Sick shoes.
lmao . entertainment of the Night ! ahahaha
.DiabAdvAlliance said: HBO documentary on obesity was excellent last night.
the last time you shared something like this it was spam.
Hey my fav place!! is in ACY also!!
that akward moment when u here whip ur hair by willow smith comes on and bald people are in the room
Oh, dear God, shut it! I woke up cold alone and at 4am. The world will crush you, young man.
Finally saw #FriendsWithKids! was wonderful! Exactly the kind of film I'll make someday. Thx for seeing it w/ me !
RIP Junior Seau
Roy williams front row for boo williams vs team united. Troy Will is a wanted man. Coach capel front row for jabari parker
if they do release they'll be pretty hard to get...
Ron Paul showing his foreign policy deficiency and dangerous thinking! All you need is one nuclear weapon.
Join me Thursday night @ Tongue and Groove for my Birthday Celebration hosted by Armada FM!! Will be a great night, contact me for more info
Are you participating in Race For the Cure tomorrow?
Equity futures are moving higher Friday ahead of key trade balance and consumer sentiment data. And interest rates are moving higher too.
WOW! Happy Mother's Day. Can't forget about the single fathers out there.
C'est vrai! No one stares like a tuxedo.
I think ima have to unds something today..
Time for some gorgeous, uplifting spirituals in honor of Black History Month! We bring it to you tonight, Chicago.
Fresh notebook paper is both exciting and frustrating-wish I had a vintage typewriter, though...
Thanks for the RT and for the article opp!
I'll kill you if I find out you watchin some other movies bitch , press my buttons baby , press my fuckin buttons baby - Tyler the creator
The sky is pretty mad
yeah for sure. Ben's got a great sense for movement within and outside the frame.
Wow. Watching Rat colonoscopy at #TEDMED. Uses of drugs we already have. Epilepsy drug used for inflammatory bowel data =Revolution.
Slow-running Dunn in LF? I don't understand baseball. Realize he hits better than Dayan, & we gotta have #14 on 1B, but still.
The art of love... is largely the art of persistence.
congratulations just heard you and baby Dunn are home and well :)
dude, you gotta respect Slow Hand. Yardbirds, Cream, The John Lennon Dirty Mac band etc...
NOW, cause of #Rubin, can I get a #BOOM ?
what is happening my friends? How is the #LSJ coming along?
RT : Emery on Hardin: "He's hard to miss."
RT : So glad my won tonight. As said, "Great teams find a way to win ugly games!!"
Hossa may be dead.
If a conference doesn't feature humor, don't go.
Indeed. Parents! #LifeLong learning / teaching / mentorship.
Endorsement process for us sen under way at
We are a nation of laws and precedence but we are also a nation of human rights and equality. Inalienable rights. Right?
Let's just talk by phone? The syllabus is in serious flux as I'm tweaking it on the fly. They know them some vidgames, though.
just saw your video next 2 you and So amazing!!!!
Thanks :) I'm ready, just nervous.
people who say yolo & hyfr, and are serious... stfu.
Free header, not good...
Work work work can't wait til our vacation !
You and Toney take it easy on my Heat tomorrow!!
I'm from New York. Hbu? & cool. I've been a janet fan since I was 3yo & a MJ fan since I was 10yo. I'm 18 now. how old r u?
Solid choice.
My new red hair looks even more amazing with green eye makeup. Being a girl is totes bomb.
"My work is to invent, to imagine solutions to big problems"- Jay Walker
I'm officially on vacation! This time tomorrow well be headed for 7 mile beach in Negril!
RT If people winked in real life as much as they do in text messages this world would be a pretty creepy place.
51 articles in my Literature Matrix for my independent study with at least another 18 to go by Wed.
yo Jude, I'm downtown LA tomorrow, don't know what time you are working etc??
Michelle! She is adorable! Soda day is so special :) Love it.
NP: Gram Parson, Grievous Angel
I am such a sucker for this show, Undercover Boss. I hardly ever watch TV while at work but I can't look away from this!
Demi Lovato does not have a tumblr. She's barely on twitter anymore. What gives people the idea that she has the time to have a blog?
He said innards... Who says that??! Lol
FEMA won't help Oregon residents with damaged homes from winter storms
RT : Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities. ~Thomas Jefferson
my first gig was at an idealab in 98. Happy to hear the culture continues to thrive.
“: Everyone Here Misses !!”
I'm gonna start crying. I just know it. Goddamnitsonofabitch.
#SINCITY Dubai Friday Ladies free all night
DONT FORGET...HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U!!!!!
Go Professional Or Go Home!!!! MusicalStop.com
Follow my colleagues #Tweets from the : & Loving your photos!!!
:( screw this year already.. im single now but really really hurt.
Watching boy meets world
"Success is dependent on effort."- Sophocles
HELLO ! #Creative should be Onward Search's middle name. Talk soon!
Does anyone know what is removed from butter to make it clarified?
: San Diego today. Can't wait to do the radio show tonight. Let's ROCK!! X
Now im fina be up bored.
you comin over.?
I started singing boyfriend in math class then my 68 year old teacher started singing it too! :D
can this week just be over?
Featured glee clubs today: The CAPA Concert Choir and Mt. Lebanon. Any singers out there following us? We're glad to have you!
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely. Anonymous
Delightful breakfast with the maestro of wit, this morning.
:P it's sad to see a good friend ruin their life by making bad decision like chooseing the wrong guys and other stuff :( i miss my bestie
I like a lot of those, but Out of Sheer Rage easily the most. DHL not really a pre-req.
Hi - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. Awesome website, & I love that you support live music!
Fully agree w you. Good to see tonight
hard to disagree. At least she should park in the #employeeOfTheMonth space
you and Cory look cute as a couple of buttons in your prom photos!
#DONTTEXTANDDRIVE This Morning My Brothers Girlfriends Friend Died :/ from texting and driving she wasnt wearing a seat belt.
purple rain is either the sweetest or most ridiculous movie we have ever seen
Doesn't feel like a Friday with all this work I gotta do
Misery becomes me, as she sips her shades of black from a glass. While fingering ash, her eyes are mine at last. I will become her, & I do.
could it be that it was a "non-binding" primary? Maybe they felt it would be a waste of time.
some people actually work hard n school. Pay their own way, study, learn some shit, grow personally. They should celebrate.
Shittt i been puting may 3rd on all my papers today lmfao i never know what date it is
great point. Full disclosure, I had to google Blake shelton.
wouldn't want to fall behind Iran, now, would we?
Everyone's w/ their boyfriends, wtf does that leave me? Lol
my country is the world...and my religion is to do good. - Thomas Paine
i just saw Katy Perry's: E.T on vh1 jumpstart....wow congradulatons :D <3
alot of people heard of me but how many really seen dude
how you gonna fix...
Thank you very much! ~PK
Here We Go : Trina
oh keepstream looks good!
“ “ I hate when my parents dont answer their phones but when I dont its WW3 with amber alerts & milk cartons””
that's really good I'm just saying its sad Morgan didn't know is all
Every time!!!!! Ugh stupid train
That red berry ciroc is always in my favor. I love it.
Either that or Domo as "Young Gunshot".
Teach shareholders that it's ok to connect to ppl you meet at events. Also make sure their profiles are mostly filled out.
hey Flora said call her
but we're still Super Bowl Champs!!
I just want to clarify that I DID NOT do this psa with Bristol Palina And the "Situation." They asked us to work on it, but I declined....
Tampico nasty as fuck! It's straight up sugar & water.
heck yeah!!!! You didn't know?! It will be released tomorrow at noon I believe with the music video! :) Gahhh, so excited ! :)))
": thanks" Welcome
I like almost all the girls, but i'm voting for Skylar, Shannon, and Jen.
Members Card Nationals ML -120 (20 units)
RT : You need to have one metric that your entire team is focused on. Clarifies the team and helps you focus.
Okay: power, wifi, and seven feet of legroom. Once I've got a cup of coffee, my inflight productivity ensemble will be complete.
well I may have to start watching it. Is it in netflixs?
My nickname in high school was ZiL. And Zeus is really Suse backwards. Maybe we are long lost cousins?
#kobe should have drafed him for the squad
it won't be a stunner when artest hits rock bottom. He doesn't have the pedigree
My new icon is credits to (:
I'm across the pond and not in London but can imagine how one can't look at the day Capello resigned and our form and draw conc.
My mom and her boy friend=Annoying a'f
CDPII has helped to establish 16 cooperatives in Paraguay.
Really like how MillerCoors in Miller64 rebranding message integrated stories of the "balanced lifestyle" of the everyday man/woman.
Relatively painless I hope.
because pancakes and music are way better than studying. I am also procrastinating, nice to know im not alone... haha
the good ones always get snatched up ;)
Having trouble picking a side on contract issue between and Sounds like 2 greedy companies fighting over a $ to me.
Phil Homotowski B-day party at Pub tonight $5 TALL smirnoff dranks $2 Miller btls, $3 Powers & $3.50 cherry bombs till X. GO IRISH FEST!
There are two kinds of failures: Those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Disturbing news re: diabetes. When was the last time you had your lipids checked?
Day 3 of moving. Can't wait for my place to finally be put together. I made some oatmeal and realized I didn't know where a spoon was. :/
Happy Weekend! Salute
Why am I reading every status like it's a Dr. Seuss poem today? Why am I doing this, Why - I must say...
whoops that would be las* canciones
Get a kiss from Outwrite tonight. Dbl Punch Drink: Strawberry Kissed Mocha. Remember, almost everything is 50% OFF tonight. open 4U til 11!
totally crushing on him... :p
Sad to see the news about Hillman Curtis. While I hadn't followed him much lately, he was a big inspiration in my early design years. RIP.
- My count: 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze for SD County Brewers, Can you confirm?
Thank you for coming in tonight for restaurant week! Sorry about the rain!!
We are having a great week here, taking the techs to a 3 hour class tonight. Invest in your employees and your business and watch it grow
Good luck to playing #wsopc Ring Event #6 today!
I love Betty episodes.
Off to the new house to paint and all of the other stuff.
For both faculty and students as we move into the new model. "honor the fear and do it anyway." Challenging but great statement.
*frowns* I'm sorry, baby. I'm very good, thank you. About to head into the office.
When I cry I feel like I'm showing I'm weak..
#whiskey or #vodka?
I'm slowly but surely increasing my collection. Big game coming up Friday in Durham.
No Sah da pain yah a deal wid me a way a good massage is really needed
RT : "there's enough data in the world to say anything you want." have to find the interpretation that makes sense - Amanda Cox
We need a picture of this puppy!
not my fault !
They were quite tasty too. TIE Fighters and X-Wing not pictured.
Thanks for the retweet!!
Ok so what do I do in Houston?
": #ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do."
You are on a late night tweeting tear.
Hello! What was that website you were talking about? The beauty one...
#ScumbagForPresident cause he's the hood Tony Stark.
Grt seeing everyone! RT : Thrilled to share #NBCCSummit w/
:) keep working !
Heading to my third round of useless Botox. :-(
she just bought the house!!! wonder why she is selling it already....
One undergrad was so happy she didn't have to 'surf the web all day' to get the information she needed. It was all in a single reference!
nope. all you, david. you're the one complaining.
#realtalk I have the up most respect 4 in the world thank u for opening my eyes up to what's happenin in the world today I<3U!
Back in business and isn't it grand. Let the good times roll.
Hard to believe it has been 10 years.
The boyz did a lot better on that song.....just saying.
Had the best #corndog in #Disneyland this week. Is it weird I can't stop thinking about it?
Oh!! Thank you so much! I know you are going to enjoy it. Just remember, Jasmine is not crazy. She's in love.
what up fam!? U learning the twitter deal... It took me like 2 months when I started Twitter! Haha what's good....
If you were a sauce.... you'd be
Toughie? Maybe. But nothing you can't handle, Stephen. We're sending positive brain wave goodness your way.
Today is my last day of school!!! Im going to my 5th grade graduation today!!!
I guess so
naw I'm not
Guys, I really try to not cuss, cause' its bad, and austin doesn't.. but, its hard!
OH: "If someone doesn't shoot a crossbow into Eli Manning's neck I'm going to be very disappointed."
Good Morning everyone! Hope you enjoyed your weekend and the #superbowl!
Yep... my moms singing I'm so proud of you lol
I haven't napped at all this week! That's a huge accomplishment. Rewarding myself with a nap.
huge baby!!!
didn't know this was even on the table - hopefully dean will send y'all something soon. you support his idea?
wtf how did the fresh prince of bel-air pop up on my pandora? this is Wiz Khalifa radio...
Rick Rubin as "reducer," not "producer" -?uestlove
This sounds right up my alley! Where can I get details for this?
on a RANDOM note....i love,love the name ELiza:) jus saying...
Please - how can one be a receptionist/paralegal? Completely different mind focus.
Jake just got the nastiest apple!!!!
microphones, but no webcams. Should be able to get some though. How many and when and what for?
Tara Donovan is installing today! Off to sneak a peek. Just another day at work...
John Ritter...the man, the legend
MT : 1st woman 2 win IA straw poll. Regardless of her #politics, she's breaking barriers for women.
You are who you are when no one is looking.
The #Browns signed some guy named Frostee today. Can I get a cheeseburger and fries to go with that?
Just posted tips on using social networking to promote your blog. Let me know if you have others. kubrickspick.org
my mam said to me today "are you indie?" lolololol
is celebrating with at the annual #allschoolreception, great night
So just got off the game and I think I did good today #mykdisgettingbetter yes
Heading to CT to get my dumb license renewed
Love my sis !
Or parents expecting a post-natal existential crisis?! Maybe these "learning" machines know something we don't...
I didn't care until this fool wouldn't shut his mouth. I'm glad that dick is taking the national beating he deserves.
Just saw the new Shrek. Am I the only one who doesn't care for 3D?
well ya, He has pneumonia so he can't go to Afghanistan on friday! But he has to go in September!
maybe they changed Hershy's has changed. E was so upset and I felt bad for him. I told him I would get SAFE chocolate to use : (
RT : I've noticed the lack of twitter buzz for #NMSA2011. This is the first time ..me too. I was wondering the same?
I pride myself on my geekdom, however the table at the Tea Smith reading Harry Potter in Latin is taking it to a whole new level.
… would it hurt to make the English paper more memorable to write? (3 of 3)
Thanks for RTs and mentions
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
#Malmont, The Astounding, the Amazing, & the Unknown. Golden Age SF writers in WWII, loosely historical. Great idea; deserves a better novel
#JPMORGAN looted #JaimeDimon is stupid because Banks' money is in pockets of RogueFEDS get in ur company on falsepretense and rob
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
my attempts to get Alex to follow me are failing...</3
Recently learned my remote IT coworker is bald. This means 3 out of 4 of my last IT coworkers were bald. Coincidence? Or industry trend? Ha
love love love this!! Xx
#mcdonnell Obama's Hope & Change to Divisiveness & Malaise
hey Jada! Its me, Becca, from mjrr744 on YouTube. Just to let u know, I followed u! -B
Instead of Windex. Take a mayo jar. Clean it out. Fill it with vanilla pudding. Go to the park. Pull it out of your backpack and eat it.
The blackberry storm may be better than the Iphone4S. Can't get Internet access on your fake 4G network.
"It was a tragic death; she bounced too hard and was catapulted into the ceiling. LMFAO claims *another* victim."
Dam just realized you wrote this! Hope sent you around to visit each!
ohh okay thank you
Another 50 degree day in Columbus, and it's friday!
Pretty good, moved around a lot... glad to see you're still in music - I like "Loud Enough"!
...and then forgets it while he takes a big fat breath for the next line...
Health Care Reform was signed into law one year ago today. Still waiting for the fire and brimstone? So are we.
ugh mom, how many times do I have to explain? your credit card: it's not a limit, it's a target...now gimme!
Happy New Year. Make your dreams come true in 2012. It's up to you.
same to u
Cano's swing is the sweetest in the game. When he gets in a roll, watch out.
People Taking Me as a joke !
kick some a#! tomorrow...
no I wasn't I was so tired n sleepy. But I'll watch the recaps
It's 90+ degrees outside. That's too much for right now. That needs to come back around early June when I don't have school or homework.
I use my computer QT : naw for the Xbox 360
I'm looking for an experienced Foreclosure Specialist to join our team. Have experience? Know someone? Reach out to me directly!
Its a beautiful day .
www.vipbox.tv/watch/36201/1/the-brits-red-carpet-live-live-stream-online.html
Wait, my job has it's own Gossip Girl... Just got an email with some news signed "you know you love me..." Corporate life ain't too bad.
loved APG's Professional Management Conference today. Great way to kick off #FGS2010. Still no tweeting allowed during sessions this year.
Lovely seeing my dear friends & our non-twitter friends for the shower!
they'll be no sunlight if i lose you baby <3
@ u know ya boi be riding dat wave owwwww
your iPhone skin fell of my phone . IM SUPER GLUING IT NOW ! Yep I said SUPER GLUE ! Hope I don't get in trouble !
DO YOU THINK JAY Z WOULD DO A MIXTAPE AT THIS POINT IN HIS CAREER?
NU 10 DEEP 4 DA Gs & DA DIMES DON"T GET UR SIGNALS CROSS THERE"S THEM THEN THERE"S US WE GOT U & WE KEEP AZ SEXXY haha Page Themes
I see the number 123 everywhere.. ._. Which is the bus number my crush rides... ._. c:
Hey guys just so you know Rachel Korine does NOT have a twitter. Shes on Springbreakers with me! She's lovely! Just letting y'all know!
"Now More Than Ever, We Must Fight For A Future Worthy Of Our Past..."
Excellent recipe! I'm looking forward to trying it.
Ms. Drag World.
Trey ward
"Seduction" bread from is SO good. It's like eating birdseed...in a good way.
There is no book that has the story of how and why the "tassel" was created. To fix this, I need to write a book.
Whoa are you flying into Hutch? Or Wichita? That's gonna be one small plane and one bumpy ride.
if demi is fat and ugly, then i want to be fat and ugly just like her.
Either someone has a quirky sense of humor or they did a clueless search for titles including the word "thanks."
Washing my hair later scared haha my hair wavys is banging (:
I love how you tweet about the show while it's airing it makes it so much more funny
I'm glad somebody feel me big bro!
Man, that was exciting. I grew up listening to souls of mischief. They were all real nice dudes.
your welcome
Smart move!
Faulk Holt and Smith all work for NFL Network
's twitter game = lacking
Enjoy paintballing deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
80% of a successful CRM imp. is the planning and understanding the goals and requirements. You fail if you lack this knowledge.
yep I had one major flare then a smaller one yr later ER doc said ms maybe not my neuro or reg doc so had mri
it's closely related to the gov approach of: "i like this new tool, let's use it to produce/distribute our old products"
Doc Rivers on KG first 3 quarters: "Nothing was wrong with him. We didn't go to him."
LETS GO BREWERS!
oh and of course your music. #9lives is so great. :)
I wish I could remember the name of the tool, but they sell something that has a level with a push holepunch in the middle.
#HowLongCanIKeepThisUpFriday? A good while longer.
New icon <333 MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE.
Wah no one to text :/
Yes[: I Am Happy For Demm' Just Means Now, Justin Bieber , AND Austin Mahone Are Not Singlllee :/ Haha.
Ugh I have to study for this stupid test week -.- no I don't want to I'm to lazy ahh
you'll be happy to know I finally found a seat, just in time. Not sure about my sweet husband...
thanks! Psyched to see on the list for Best Innovation by a University/College! cc:
Our current Spring break deal is 20% of at The Taco Shop. Upcoming offers include 65% Off at UTan and 50% Off at Mad Dog.
I've been Moving too fast.
oh yeah you know it lol..... but what did you eat today?
Getting ready for the webinar on how to build a perfect business listing.
State Sen. Royce West discusses importance of health care access at reception honoring local legislators at Methodist Dallas Med Ctr....
LSU and ole who?
Liberal bias again. Dad would not be proud.
no i dont but i think i know the person who does
I really go through spurts of cravin to watch the family man. Idk why!!!!
My chart is actually plotting versions of IE ;-)
sorry I'm a real athlete and want to have practice everyday
You must trust what is unique or different about yourself, even if it is odd or unpopular.
man you one the best defensive players !!! im a not a giants fan but i like watching ya !
Climate Change been going on 4 millions of years. Antarctica was tropical & it started icing up Lib Dinos cried Global Cooling!
Having a great time with the hamilton people and everyone else in two rivers
I just thought i'd save my dad the trouble of being even more rude & just go away so he can watch the game.
Bye ft Myers. See you this summer.... But now I'm finally headed back home!!!
I'm in the 2nd group and we start at 8:30.
Lack of male SLPs very interesting topic, especially since most caseloads are male-heavy. Tweet a link to the blog post!
Good luck! i believe you can win!
Not sure if Johnny V paid last year, but does Mario Gutierrez owe Calvin Borel rent since Calvin owns the #KYDerby Winner's Circle?
: that 3rd down play was PI & why did the terps down that punt while it was still rolling?
Time to have fun at mad planet! Seeing
Busy day: MDSW/lots of yarn bought, roast lamb dinner cooked, and 2 pans of blondies baked. Now for wine.
I won't! Thank you Chelcey! :)
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on war:
Nobody to go to the dance with tomorrow O-O Like always.
In The Loop, one of the sharpest political satires in recent years, is now on Netflix Instant.
"When you have a crisis, you acknowledge the problem. You want to be Tylenol, not Toyota." - Suits
me too, this sucks!
Watching SNL while attempting to describe Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs in a persuasive paper is a difficult task, omg.
i smell food, im hungry. but im not leaving this computer until says hes creeping!!! :D ..and maybe reply.. ;)
Were you in Chapel Hill the morning after Bush beat Kerry? I've never seen a place so sad.
#Heat aren't winning SHIT this year - at least 5 teams as good or better right now with the playoffs around the corner...
I didn't win the big one but got my money back in small wins. I call that a success.
Just witnessed terrible cus svc by gaterep. He was down right mean to a woman and child. Made her cry. Other agnts on cellphones
Interesting & a bit sad... but I agree about the education draining creativity. How do we start creating again?
We would have the sexiest/tastiest kids! Let's bang.
because he got some crazy ass fans that would kill anyone that hurts him
LOL RT : Jets got Tebow?!?!? Oh how Page 6 must be salivating... we may not win the SB, but our QB's are cuter than yours...
why are you not providing answers?
For Andrew Young's films on Civil Rights, their impact is that you can't tell young people about the movement you have to show them.
“: I've decided to be living proof that God is a a Raiders fan! Oh yeah!!!!! Prove it to the world!!!!
Thanx:) Liked your tweet about sex:)
is here every Thursday teaching youth & adult classes in hip hop, breakdance and more!
Lol def did not mean to start both of those tweets with "I just" Ops! 😜
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -- Norman Vincent Peale
"The World is Yours"/fuck that mean when my flows outta space
It's a wonderful day to sing Mr. Rogers songs to your neighbor or you can come sing them to us down at Credo. ^jl
Hey, thanks for the retweet ;)
I don't understand why God takes the ones he does.. But it's for a reason, and all part of his plan.
RT Facebook is down. What am I supposed to do now, read a book? Life is so hard.
- Is there an "Irrelevant" flower?
An Educated Hillbilly is a dangerous "thang"!!!
I miss
what do you gals have planned?
Buyer's remorse and excessive hunger are two feelings that I am experiencing for pretty much the first time.
I kno my baby got a lil cold now
RT : #Cisco #Cloud Video in Education – What the Research Says and How Educators Can Prepare for the Future: Schools,......
what's wrong my love?
haven't tried it myself. but hear it gets LARGE props. based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
Con't - it all started with the scrubbed moon missions after Apollo 17. Now we pay for that mistake. We will watch everyone surpass us.
thanks for sharing Alex:)
I know, When I become President campus held speeches will be open to the student body!
Joaquin got that "eating rich foods in the Riveria fat". Kilmer got that "eating too much stuff crust pizza" fat.
Just saw the preview for the next teen mom season and I hope that police call didnt say someone killed themselves
hope you had a good weekend.
thanks for always listening! :)
Some weird guy just unfollowed me because I wouldn't follow him back. Sorry but I'm gonna help your "rap career."
say what say what say what , girl you know whats up
Reputation for g's
Playoffs!!! What a great season for the !
What? Is that snow??
Never gonna heard the end of being followed by Rieckers.
I have DREAMS of applying numbing cream to ur body then just throwing u against the wall. So u wanna follow me back or....
Ha! Still a great song, and the melody is super catchy.
That makes sense, the next time a unwanted tweet comes through I'll know what to do. They are an unwelcome intrusion. Thanks. (:
incredible! wins James Beard Award. It's been a while since his days of mixing coca cola and milk. richly deserved by Tony and crew.
RT : Join us May 3rd for the #borntoosoon global twitterchat relay from 9-4 EDT. It is going to be full of amazing info and...
Watching boys try to play softball. Haha and
where are you? Still at airport?
you make it seem like this is something new for you
I guess I am using this again. Apologies in advance for the slew of karaoke nonsense I will put forth.
to follow you you have to accept a request
Everyone please follow He is new to twitter and is one that made my #R2D2 beanie from 's book.
100% FOLLOW BACK :)
I'm good haha how are you
The increasing frequency of these attacks is kind of alarming.
That just sounds like a bunch of cooked books trickery to carry out Autism Spectrum discrimination
spring in the "GR8 White North" must b kinda boring? No hockey and just the Blue jays baseball! Lol
INDIANA GETS IT WRONG $13 Million verdict cut to $1.25 million for plaintiff! Call your state rep about caps on damages....
So, the fact that he's a UK fan is why those things don't surprise you?
Good morning everyone
I'm so mad u didn't. I retweeted just for u!
Don't forget to stop by the Mothers Day Plant Sale going on today and tomorrow!
This show is Bananas... OTC... I'm on the edge of my seat Kerry Get'em Girl I'm totally blow away.
hope you've been well
Congrats on the job interview, We're fans of Karmaloop. If you need help finding an apartment in the city let us know!
You are the best! RT : Thank you for all you do. We love to help!
Indeed.But what u r rly covering is the use of portrayals of the future in political contests, not 'fact checking' the future
See you soon!
“: YES!!!!” When are you typing these?? I'm sitting right here and you haven't touched your phone.
BET mess movies up with these weak voice overs. Smh
Hey Cori, I remember you:) You and your family are very sweet:)
my doctor wanted to refer me to someone saying 'she's not very good but she's cheap.' uhh... no thx.
#NOLA we need a community defense fund started.Cause you know one of us is gonna smack the ever loving shit outta Goodell.
good morning heather, happy wednesday to you
damn no one reps the slo eh?
I love you for who you were, who you are & who you always will be.
are pointless
Josh Hamilton is a monster, 3 home runs tonight, the Rangers line up is dangerous top to bottom
I just moved to Batlimore from Virginia and you're crushing me, governor. I just don't get it.
hunger games?? Haha
Sun is coming up over the farm...doesn't get much better than this!
Missouri is actually Native American for "he who not knows how to draft"
Pacers-94 Heat-75!!!! Pacers in game 3! Up 2-1 lead. Dont celebrate to much though pacer fans we still got more games to play!! GO PACERS :)
These were great! I really want to see now please!
filming again this weekend for my LOVELY DAY video. Hope to get filming done so it can be edited and released next week some time.
the only people you need in your life are the ones who need you in theirs.
Ha, it's never raided my address book. I find it quite useful!
Obama is giving $1.5 BILLION to Muslim Brotherhood, which has declared it wants to destroy Israel!!
RT "The only time U must look down on another person, is when you’re picking them up."
LOL! I just thought it was odd
really needs to give the #Aubtourage those songs from All About Aubrey
I'm just striping to get thru my online college classes.
follow back? (:
i agree add me to that list
I just pivoted to district in soma. Meet me there.
Might as well look cute while sitting by the pool right?
My birthday present from >>>>>>>
same here....damn you, skinny girls ;)
Here comes hydro. Lying about how "good" he is at basketball.
Tattoo appointment available on fri afternoon...pop in the shop if interested
Yea us whoopin y'all ass as usual! RT : we got yall game 1 of the season... It's ass whoopin time already... Lol
" Do unto others 20% better than you would expect them to do unto you, to correct for subjective error.~~~~Linus Pauling
Loved my candle speech and had an amazing, fun, and awesome night!! Thanks for inviting me :)<33
Hahahahaha love ya! :)
Chicano Resource Center. Hey wish Judy a Happy Mothers Day for me. Yeah, I'm late. ha ha
my mom ALMOST signed me up for that lol ;D
maybe... I think cyborgs tweet... Their cows sing, u know
Happy Friday! Spring Commencement and summer vacation is almost here.
": I don't dislike anybody, I just don't fuck with everybody"
This time I gotta live without you. That's just the way it has to be.
is that for all grades at howe
Paul Simon looks like a hobbit.
You probably thought that you'd break my heart
alright, let's make the posters!
E-mail us at for more information on rates, so we can help you create your girls weekend.
Hey there, (rhamenibieleu), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Yeah “ ": I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some " oh really lol”
I did it like this. I did it like that. I did it with a whiffle ball bat.
Mom at the bookstore: "You cah buy a book if you find something worthy." Then the girl ran around trying to find what her mom had in mind...
is gettin' ready for work, then the mall!
What are your plans for the great Milwaukee weather?
Looking forward to going to see WWE RAW next Monday with my friend Aaron.
fuck no you sound stupid af
Listening to Double Rainbow by on full blast in my room. LIKE A BOSS.
Were goin to be put in random groups, and we don't know anybody
Hey superstar jumprope champ!
y is day
Its ur daily walk that keeps me pushing, ur strong
couldn't tell from the radio. Could he have gotten back?
Yes you are so right
Re: terrorist profiling - America's second most deadly attack was by a blonde, blue-eyed Army veteran from upstate New York. Go get 'em!
Crap I have 3 more assignments to do Monday I'm doing them all
and you have no idea how thankful I am for that! And everything you go through for us!
ENJOY :) be safe! but have an amazing day :) ~ the great out-of-doors :) and good friends! a great combination :)
I think this is brilliant. I love the message. If your in the NY little Italy let me know! Also I blog for
thanks so much for the wonderful comments you gave my track "hot pursuit" also listen to my new Album" KINGDOM PEOPLE" when it is released
. My experience is that wikis are people sorters; you either like them or you don't. Like licorice gum.
- retweeted. Thanks for caring about others!
Welcome Oregon Arts Summit attendees! We hope you enjoy your event and your visit to the Oregon Convention Center!
Dont ever change for someone not worth changing for
Shopping around for broken iMacs. Yep.
I want to go to the good guys car show in Nashville! LP field.
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your teeth are so WHITE :-) :-) :-)
It kept getting so much worse. I was astounded by its arrogance and incredibly sloppy logic.
Sorry I have a copy but it's like a link now I have to figure out how to link it from my dvd to twitter hm
I wanna live in California so bad.
"Murder for a jar of red rum." #palindrome #learning (same letters front and back)
great mix
I need to sleep... Im tired...
Someone hire quick!
#csa12 Tayeb: Native studies focuses on root identities rather then relational id. In Europe, whites claim native roots very aggressively.
and my dreamsd finally become reality..huh that would be nice
it's about your POSITION, not ability!
Karate with the kids.
U r reading my in which I typed "learn to write better faster" just yest. Weird. And, thx! :)
it's a great tool even to just follow influential people or news sites
Wait...correction...we got third place
go follow :)
TIMMY REED confesses his "list of unappreciated whatever"...
#Titanic was still in the DVD player from last night. I'm lazy. You do the math.
It sucks that u became nd im sad to say it but Somebody That I Used To Know!!
Maybe they learned it from someone? Possible! :)
Roscoes Chicken and Waffles got the job done.
I've been using an excessive amount of :) in my emails today... must be trying to beat the #CaseoftheMondays on behalf of my recipients!
"practice with the 22, and keep the 45 in your bedside table."
Lol!! :) Your packaging is pretty! I added you to my favorites on Etsy <3
Sabres Lead Canadiens 1-0 in first Period, Goal: Thomas Vanek Assists: Derek Roy, Tyler Myers
Love it. Great song!
We should get #HateComingToSchoolOnMonday and see how big it gets!!
Give me levity or give me depth.
TUPAC HOLOGRAM IN THE HOUSE.
Make sure you do the GoldvilleJT one too. That is where I have a lot of other prospectors and metal detecting clubs
Welcome back home, ! Stop by our "Open Ambulance" on Saturday from 12:30 to 4pm in front of Village C West!
Anyone I know playing the new Star Wars MMO? Trying to figure out if it's worth the money...
RE: : Today! Be humble enough to admit your own mistakes. Be smart enough to learn from t
One day when a teacher asks if I mind I'm gonna say yes. Cause I hate school and teachers
#ItsAwkwardWhen ur daydreaming then realize ur staring at someone.
Kind of excited. First webisode comes out Friday for the Madlo Show & same day, featured article on Kid Star Interviews site.
Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
Driver noted a bad vibration in his truck in any gear. Huge fuel fire leads to Red Flag at
Chillin no work today... Life is good!:-)
Come see the DCD at the Show & Shine at the sonic in san mateo! 1-4
Yeah I thought they were as young as the boys too all I know is that 8 Flavahz has to go RNG is better
dang if u guys would have went later, i would have just rode with u
Happy birthday :) have a great day
My diet this week consisted of #Cake, #Pizza, and #Candy Bars. When I get diabetes, I'll pronounce it like Wilford Brimley: "Die-ah-bet-uss"
they were kissy faces!
Mr. Cutler, are you aledging, in a court of law, that the mafia does not exist?
I'll have to look for that. Decapitation always holds reader's attention.
Has anyone tried a non-menthol Newport? What is that all about?
I'm loud and proud, I love being muddy and having a good time.. Big trucks & cowboy butts are what I love the most.Yep I'ma country girl : )
Everything relates to Buffy!
Thanks, Maria! It is fun.
what kind of cookies?
lol sure is....wouldn't mind if Adriana or Candice were both on the cover then i would get ine & frame it!!
fucking and sucking!! get with it!! Are you horny now!!
Impressive.amazing song.this is very incredible.Jesus is number one doing amazing coz He is #1.if you love him listen to this song
/At Thee Top Of The Map\ #MNMusic =
Dr. Who Season 4 and 5 are out so I rented Tourchwood S1 I have to relax after my first day of jury duty
So put the best jockey on a mediocre horse and that's a good bet?
#dsoc Now Jill Strand on SLA PR Toolkit for centennial year, including a new intl event
Listening to Steve Krug at #onw12 - great keynote pick!
good show last night
They'll find out soon enough...
im calm chile lol
My mom is going to start her bitch ass crying because of my hair.
i wish rappers today could make real music like how it was in the 90s
It's so much better in the sunlight, I'm just a little mirage
I'm sorry but is the insane clown posse serious? You just slapped a guy in the face with a fish. Really? REALLY?!
Love the sense of humor of 1 wave...playing I Want Candy by Bow Wow Wow..cause I like candy when it is wrapped in a sweater
where are we going? Ha!
NP: Jimmie Rodgers, Essential Jimmie Rodgers. Funny how the "Father of Country Music" was a blues player.
Thanks for the great rating!
I said, don't argue with me because ill win.
Today was rough but I made it!
I really should have put off reading the OUTLANDER series until I finished this draft. All I want to do is read about Jamie Fraser.
I want tortilla soup.
i got off late today so i couldnt go buy shirts for this week, well whatver i find tomorrow morning im wearing exept shorts
I can't do bad deeds lmao . I feel so mean
its called BB Brokers. Its about a guy who looses it all. Then goes into crime to get it all back. Kinda cool story!
Way to go USAir! Great customer service! RT : We like tweets like this. Thanks Mark! ^JB
Don’t miss applying for Roy Dean documentary grants! Closing June 30. Full info: www.fromtheheartproductions.com
needs to give the Indiana Pacers more credit and stop acting like they're a nobody 5th best record in the league
PRINT THE BULLETIN FOR FREE ADMISSION, FREE DRINK!! TOTALLY FREE ENTRY 'TIL 11PM!!!!!
thanks! :D
Yeah, that too.
Work 330 to whenever today, which means no meet
Power out in Back Bay Boston again. Fire trucks everywhere. No idea yet what's up
#NP Pixies - Where is my Mind? (Bassnectar Remix)
installed wordpress on EC2 but couldn't justify keeping it and deleted it (6)
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo to always be nice and helpful because u never know when they can help you!!
Dinner for schmucks is the stupidist movie ever .. Why they Still make movies like this ? Ridicilous
Drying out & clearing up by late this afternoon. Then dry conditions, partly to mostly sunny skies & above average temps for the weekend!
Here We Go!!! #stillers Here I go reaching for my first
another day , another dollar
day by day but not first hand.
yeah me too. This summer has sucked
lol you're so dumb you didnt tag me in it stupid! haha
Great Britain was the first county to issue postage stamps and are the only stamps in the world not to bear the name of the country of orgin
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Twitter-need I say more...?
Pizza of the Day is Philly Cheesesteak Pizza. Buy one for just $12. Mention this tweet and get an order of Toasted Ravioli free!
Not dancing...I miss it though. Mine was NOTHING compared to your Titanic piece....where your sister was the boat...
no problem!!! n_n
Ready for Friday! Every single roller coaster with the best franndd. 
We will be in Dallas in a few hours where the ladies at?????
i may have to watch it tomorrow... i have a psych test to study for... do u have a fb? that would b easier :)
Haha, whoops! How long do you suppose it had been forgotten?
Always eating, always hungry.
Hi, I'm Kase from Go Sport ID. My mom has always believed in me, greatly appreciated.
Just bought some tomatoes that actually look good! Caprese salad for dinner. Yum!
So excited for the Milwaukee #InnerPeaceFestival video! Almost done!!
Still gross
Working like Kizzie
They just to loud on this damn bus and I got headphones on SMH
he's all yours, come down to the Llano and take him.
Sometimes I just have to ask why...
Shout out to she needs more follower
Shout out 2 #Belisha & the Lee Family. Always n my corner rain or shine! <3 y'all
My boy friend is so damn KAYOOT!
cervixes are a social construction not a biological reality (Wikipedia, 2012)
Back to work after a lovely spring break at the lake...
especially if its mexican food sloppy seconds haha
Its Crazy
and when you call them out on it, they complain that they actually KNOW about the game and ur like "then ur not a puck slut"
-I was listenin to Ova Here then i thought bout "Ova Here A Gennis Love Story"
Gene Shue said that Manute Bol "looked like a blood donor who forgot to say when"
congratulations to you and your wife on the birth of your son.
I ride winter tires in this winter sloppy shit!!
we're in aisle 600, right in the middle by 2nd wind exercise equip. If you find the Univ of Iowa booth, we're not far!
At school!:/
Whew, thanks for the insight, Sean! RT "Social media. It works." -
ha!! I got 700 followers already!!!! U suck walnuts hannah jk
you are the absolute bestest boyfriend, that is all. Muahh, xoxox <3
You never know what each day will bring and today has been KICK ASS SO FAR!
Sorry, just now getting this! Thanks for joining us! RT : Curious - parking at your place?
#Check out the new editions to our website!#Got Dog?#
Late night drive back to Seattle from the coast. A Honda civic, 4 people, 1 cat and too many bags. Too cozy for my comfort.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Are you back to work or still on vacation this lovely Monday morning?
THANK YOU. Everyone always says how good they are, their food is fucking shit that's why it's unlimited.
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous & I know that you hate to hear this, but this is not about you anymore.
Doing well. Just moved back to MKE after lvng in Chicago for the past 8 years. Do u guys get back here often?
Yes we have no bananas...
Awful image for #Nationals fans: Wilson Ramos on the grass clutching his knee.
Roast chicken with thinly sliced raw courgette and rocket salad, parmesan, lemon and olive oil,tasty light dinner after a gluttonous holiday
***THE WORKSHOP WITH ROSEMARY TODAY HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED TO SATURDAY, MARCH 17th***
She said she wash her hair once a month lol.. she wwas dead ass serious :=)
Encouraging adult learners - where does that cultural message come from? Employers, says Amy Sherman (CAEL).
Going to see new work tonight at 6ish. See you there.
I went to bed early:) and woke up in such a wonderful mood! #HappyCamper 
If you want to be loved, be lovable. ~ Ovid
You're right, but that first five minutes could have been better.
I miss my grandma.
Special offer for our followers! - 40% Off 90 Minute Massage - $59.00
I DONT HAVE THAT
#NOWPLAYING : Pumped Up Kicks - Foster The People <3
Thanks so much for the MT! Much appreciated! Cheers, Conor
u can get your fans bk if the old justin comes back and actually keeps his word that hes not gonna change i kiss tht justin!:(
Ruffalized needs to be in the dictionary.
: Wow. Macho Man Randy Savage died of a heart attack? What is the world coming to?
You really think this? And the series is far from saved.
your welcome I look forward to your blog.
How do you not KNOW if you received a bill in the mail. You know you did. You just haven't paid it. Come on, now.
Excited about Hart of Dixie tonight- I love that show. Right now though it is NYY v. Texas, love baseball too!
RT : So how many #HoodratMothers I got on my tl ... <---
Just got approval for days off in June for PHOENIX BACHELORETTE EXTRAVAGANZA! Wheee
well played...
A man that even raises his hand to his woman, is not a man. Period.
gossip girl was amazing tonight, I had a little tear at the end :P watching globe trekker now
I may go to Buffalo Wild Wings and snag me 12 honey bbq wings before the NFL Draft!
RT : Wharton and UPenn abound finalist weekend. Go , and !
The last time I touched a breast it was in a KFC bucket.
Is it just me or does everyone realize how odd it is to issue a press release saying someone else is trying to make headlines?
For like 5 minutes
White men still make $8,000 more than anyone else in the library science profession. But that's not significant according to this study.
Decemberism is one of my favorite man Overboard songs because fuck you.
It's gonna be hell for me lol
Once again, Saturday > Monday at the Final Four.
Starting fresh. Nothing before today will be here tomorrow.
« High school taught me a lot. & Not just academically.»
your all i dream about i cant live without you all i want is you <3
Welcome to Seattle! Very excited to have you as the newest member of the
What's your favorite chinese dish?
The perfect sentiment for this morning: "Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it." ~Swedish Proverb
do iphones not have a snooze button?
I suppose I'm fine with it. Hairy pits won't keep me from flirting with a hot woman.
i inboxed you on there
"My life is my message." - Gandhi
word. when are you coming back to SD?!
my first mail recipient <3 lmaoo
Playing the afterparty at This will be EPIC!
Bruce Bowen has to be on this list
shout out to my new follower I appreciate it
Thanks you can send it to vreeland[at]yext[dot]com
you hit that shot better than LeBron did w/his free throws in reference to the bloated & delusional
thought I was hungry but as it turnsout- I just needed more beer...
Hey #Chicago! Aspire will be at the #GapYear Fair at New Trier HS today--we start at noon! See u there
Congratulations to you both! Can't wait to have you as part of the L&C family!
CEOs Never tell they are having a psychological meltdown ~Ben Horowitz
damn lol i sounded like an asshole on that one xP
What would happen to your pet if something were to happen to you-Have you made those plans?
I dnt change for u u dont have to change for me i am who i am and i perfectly good with that :) Be Unique Be Diffrent Be You Be ICONic :)
You know I go good with some wine, right?
AAHGS chapter of Central Va, meeting this Sat, 12 n @ Fluvanna's Co. Library
cant wait till tomorrow. im going to a bar b q
the mall parking lot is already full and doors don't even open for another twenty minutes. oh boy.
Bout 2 Upload it Monday. Can you email me the beat & clean versions so I can make my mixshow versions of it RT :
me too. I kept envisioning them on the way home and then couldn't really sleep until like 1:30. :-/
Congrats for making Time Magazines Most influential people! Now its going to be wayy harder 4 my #Nugettness 2 B on ur show
when you start high school senior year?
I would love to know what someone has on the refs. Or how big the payola is.
this is a twitter account to get the ICONic Boyz here to Chicago. Lol
#civilunion bill died in same committee last year. One republican vote needed to get it to pass this year.
one of the jonas brothers was on Kelly LIve today I thought about you! ;)
When I thought things were looking up everything from my friends to family started falling down. The brokenness is starting to show.
Wow! That is so awesome!!!! Love it!
welcome to twitter!
Just thinkin' of ya.
In addition to the standard MyLincoln technology, the 2011 MKX will also feature HD Radio with iTunes tagging
THAT IS SO GOD DAMN FANCY.
When you feel like you personally know because she's from Rhode Island
He split with Volquez, but Volquez was better in every park adjusted stat.
The concept of random roommates is so weird...
I was cheated on and it feels like shit.
Now enjoying the great, magical Carly Simon at the - this is one of the reasons I'm glad I'm here.
Speaking as a Bennington College alumna, you're far from the first to dub it so...
Tbh I mostly like the Hunger Games because it's basically "A Structural Theory of Imperialism" for teens.
I see plenty every winter
Can't believe I'm missing out on the Times Square Thriller flash mob at 5 p.m. Everyone in the area - put your dancing shoes and glove on!
Tonight was fun:)
It's very misleading when the establishments name is literally "$1 STORE!" and the first item you pick up inside costs $32.
We're giving away $1,000. We're not but you should still make a twerk video for the song "Trampoline" as if we were. Who knows we might.
played infront of Cuba Gooding jr on sunday night. Harvells was packed. Very cool club.
R.I.P. LUIS ABREU OF LOS PAPINES
Oh fun! Hopefully they'll do something next gallery night!
All these people saying there iphone is faster cause it says 4g now lmao they don't know its the same speed they just changed the icon
alright I gotta think
- Not sure yet, but I believe so.
After dinner dessert tonight at Old National Center 5-9 #FFFTF !
Island 8, you're a cruel mistress.
RT : I need a puppy daddy. These vet bills are going to be expensive lol...
Watching trevy sleep like a creep. He's just so damn cute
But we need to lunch.
yo my dude..whats been good man? tryin to meet up sometime this week? I got a bunch of shit I'm workin on
Happy Thanksgiving to u Jenn!!!! 💋
Sorry I didn't respond to this sooner! Yes, we are going on the Sunday tour. You guys?
please tell at FEEL BETTER SOON! 
#FF mentions and thank yous will come out later today. Rough day at the day job and waiting on the mechanic to call concerning our van.
Hi Brett! Welcome to the club. You should join the live tweeting. I quit DVR'ing bc it's so fun.
its lunch time but im debating on if i should still eat breakfast
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
Good morning, everyone. Wow, what a day. I think lunch outside is going to be a must - at least a walk.
I feel EXTREMELY lucky to have gotten to see LIVE in concert! One of the greatest days of my life :D love you greyson!
Whatever it's called, I just heard what boogers sound like on the phone.
#youthviolence ntl forum features biz leaders who support community safety. Target shows cares
Amazing Dancers this year on SYTYCD
I bought pocket piano and everyone is FREAKIN. What sounds! Thanks for dropping it off C!!
Where you getting your hair cut? The 90s?
Military commissaries host bulk sales every May, September: "I have been coming to these sales ever since I married my husband 12 yea...
follow back? it only takes like 15 seconds <3
haha sorry. :/ I'll DM u my new number.
Should have have said praying with you. Geesh my brain is mush today.
Ah, build that shit dudes!
I'm slowly becoming a Broncos fan! Go Tebow!!!
woods looks like a chad johnson....just not a lot of seperation for me...obviously a week class next yr but we will see
Sounds like fun with character encodings. I'm not aware of a fix, but perhaps can help.
"in 2 days Justin will be Adultrauhl!" No, he will always be KIDRAUHL.
RT : Tracking my Tackle Warehouse orders would have been the equivalent of GPS tracking Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.
Well, we just got it today so we haven't experienced any yet.
5... nah... That's it bitch. U better wish u have money for a damn plastic surgery after im done messin' up ur face.
“You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them.” RIP Maurice Sendak
T-minus 7 days until my parents are here!
you will be blocking for one the greatest QB's ever!
Word is there are no conch fritters at the new Margaritaville in Nashville. This calls for Booze Camp Bahamas. Who's in?
LOL they'd file staking charges against each other...
More Strunk & White (yeah, I'm going back through it again): Use active voice. "...brevity is the by-product of vigor."
One word. MindFirstFitness.
I'm totally koovelling!
Does this mean no more sports tweets from Tyler????
This week just does not appear to have an end.
We agree! RT IMHO -- on this fine #followFriday, you should be backing the awesomeness that is with your #ux cash.
RT : My head is pounding man So is mine
Basketball, A-10 takes a back seat to Charlotte 49ers football in conference shift
Honestly, just stop with the bad attitude. I seriously can't take it.
we would be happy to help you find an apartment in San Francisco
ohnono it's a real breakdown from LA Casting. I was trying to say it is ridiculous. Can you imagine those auditions?
Let's ride phily
Damn I thought that was out of here. #ilovetheToddFather :)
please someone help me get out of follow limit :)) RT and a shoutout if you do
Snow storm and driving sleet, sounds like a good time for a tweet up in the Horeb. Who's in?
Man is the only creature that seems to have the time and energy to pump all his sewage out to sea, and then g
Still here where it's bright and sunny today.
I was reborn when I was broken.
Less work today and more time watching the crossfit games regionals scores.
#sca2012 His role at NARA: help improve access, build community engagement, foster cultural change.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Don't forget to RSVP to Samaritan Ministry's Next Step Breakfast on May 16th!
If I get up one more time from my editing process, I might as well give up. :/ lol. I'm so good at finding other things to do.
Lebron scurrrred of the big shot STILL!!!
we had a sticker conversation a couple of weeks ago. It sounds like yours was more heated.
Who likes brunch? T-minus twenty minutes to the best thing you can do on a Monday.
Ask em' what's the problem, they say I'm fucking awsome.
i finally do something right. and i thought youd be proud.
The happiest girl ever. <3 Love u Sel
Looking forward to hopefully meeting you during
RT : welcome to #SF & #LiNC. Let's get this party started.
Lol lol he was writing her while we was on the phone
Really got sent home for my outfit? THS is wack
tried to kill me.
And another one
thanks and it would be awesome to live by lots of stars
Doosan Infracore Construction Equipment welcomes important Middle East ... - AME Info
“Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.” ― Bernard M. Baruch.
#VEVOnewfront. now the sell to advertisers begins. crazycool stat. Katy Perry video on VEVO gets same viewers in week as episode of 'Glee'.
Us too!
I put #hashtags in my text convos.
yes we did, we think it looks pretty good ourselves
Opened SHORT $USDCHF @ .96148; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 78% SHORT
Oh la la that sounds fun. Hope you girls are doing well!
Celebrate Halloween Grazie style this year! We'd love to have you come dine with us for Halloween weekend. 305.673.1312
have I shown u the trailer of my movie?
I LOVE the OTHER Santa Claus Is Coming To Town Video!! I LOve them BOTH!! :)
Keep On Pushin
good look lil bruh!!! Means a lot no doubt!!!
I hope Oprah's a top!
Cant Wait Till Boy In Detention Drop.. 8/5 Need 2 Hurry Up.. Lol
long day
awhhh :( what are you doing?
Honestly by Hot Chelle Rae encompasses how much of an asshole my Irish man is. Mostly because he's RK's twin.
... Just saw you and your lady friend at the Whole Foods in Tarzana. It was great to see you signing autographs for those kids.
Thank you for the RT #FF el Metro Salsero
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT AANT YOU!!!!!!!!!!HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!!!!!!LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!!!!!
Same here Brother, but at least February is done here in about 4 hours.
You never called me back, freak!:P
Trish in town...yes!
np. I hope to connect with u at
You know you're out of no man's land when your 4G network kicks in!
short nap but it was fun to watch. Happy new year!
Security is when I'm very much in love with somebody extraordinary who loves me back. Shelley Winters
I hate when people write down a number on a slip of paper and it's for their phone and not the amount of jellybeans they owe me.
it did, yeah. Where you heading tonight?
"every human being has something unique to offer"
Lol :p eh. My grandfather passed away from cardiac arrest Thursday morning. So my family is kinda broken.
...you want to interview me. I'm bib No. 744 and will be wearing black shorts.
If you'd like to join my crew in time for Max Payne 3's release, hit me up!
New favorite cocktail: the Dollywood at I could drink those all day, but they seem a bit dangerous.
I need to start packing cuz Lord knows Im ready to be OUT
Oh.. well It Already 11 and I have to go to sleep :) Night! :)
Today im watchin so much movies :)
#100thingsilove listening to ' songs :)
damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!
Booked the "Marie Antoinette" bride for next year!! *happy dance*
Turkey turkey turkey!!!
