that moment when this bitch starts laughing at an inside joke u have w/ ur friends and she doesnt even kno wat it means #hellnobitch xP
Watching the #Blackhawks game tonight? Stop in and enjoy 3-For-1 drinks with your Redeem w/ or me.
Maurice Sendak is with the the wild things.
go J!
Under 187.5 New Orleans vs Portland. Not the Under in Denver & again I'm final in the NBA. Good Luck!!!
i'm speaking with Kim, who has been in contact with you. trying to get update on when line will be run
Good morning! I'm finishing off my SUBWAY breakfast. YUM! How'd you get your Friday started?
You wanna see some ass? I wanna see some cash and keep dem dollas coming and dats gon make me dance!!
lol. Kudos for marking the Bday.
"You'll always do the right thing if you think of your consumers as friends" of
King took away trial by jury: Citizens guaranteed speedy & fair trial
Apparently there's a Google News Badge for Mitt Romney, but not one for Human Rights. Hrmm.
Enjoy my sloppy seconds
Cheryl Cole is going to be on X-Factor! I'd love to get connected to her on , she seems like so much fun! :)
Today is If Pets Had Thumbs Day! If your dog had thumbs, what would he/she be able to do?
Haha! Nuthin. I have sent them a couple messages and no reply...so I figure the muted me.
To be fair, Danny Granger is as clutch a player as exists in the NBA. Tonight has been a trainwreck of epic proportions.
because the Angels are there #tooeasy?
50 Cent's Giants Bets: $500000 and a Twitter Nude Photo
HarryPotter and the Deathly Hallows part two on teveee omgg.
A big shout out and congrats to my good friends in Shovelhook in Philly for being WMMR's artist of the month!!
Jarmusz has been so key the last few minutes!
I'm so tired, all I want to do is sleep. Don't make me go to school.
he shouldn't be talking about pills period.
Any suggestions for online grammar games that would be both fun and challenging for 7th graders? Most I'm finding are for younger kids.
Happy to spread awareness!
A great Kentucky Council on Archives mtg today in Louisville today
More personal photos have been uploaded to our facebook album!
i hate it when my spoon falls into my soup and gets all dirty):
's gonna be Vex, , Geeman and the last beatsmith is still TBA. And yes, I'm on the short list!
Sorry #Capitals but the FA Cup Final beats game 4. I'll have the game on on the background.
RT “: Building trampoline! Would spend £ bringing home to assemble! #kingofselfassembly”
i guess imma take ur bank
Suprises are the best!
Lazy day trumped by the wonderous gift of a tic to the Caps game!
feeling bored. whats good with everyone?
SOMEONE BETTER RECORD THIS , THIS WOULD BE A YOLO MOMENT FOR ME. AND I NEED IT ON TAPE XHDHDIDJNEUD
watching alex on younow!!! please follow me alex ()
Good luck with that. ;-)
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot. (;
: for once Mr. Trump and I agree.
I don't use my Kikcause I forgot my password
S/o to for that bomb ass hug after 7th hour :)
A little jet lag mixed with being up 36 hours, then being hung over... I think I just slept for 14 hours
Finally hit 100 followers!
The blog has a new look, the studio will be in a new space, the healing continues, spring is here!
I love you
Who are your top 3 go to people for #socialmedia??
Never had that much fun in a class holy shit.
Congrats Christian Bale for Oscar nod! Reminds us of our Dec tweet when we said if he didn't win the Oscar, we will leave Twitter forever!
Agreed... unfortunately....
“: and his man drip their new album tomorrow”~~~Yezzzirrrr
Wow, haven't been on here in a while! Band practices up the wazoo, in and out of the hospital. God damn!
#2012 election will be 1964 all over again. Goldwater radicals will lose big time.
I was just thinking the same thing
happy new year!! my resolution is to live in the moment and love abundantly. <3
also your story seems to have changed its description of Mack w/o noting to the reader.
hey girl hw u been
On truancy and I still came when you needed it..
I'm in motherfucking Arizona.
Running late.<<<<
I might have to stop following The Prez is totally clogging up my twitter feed.
Got myself a full belly and now ready for a nap..
Can't hate someone for looking good in heels...XD
A man just told me that Sandra Fluke deserved to be called a slut because she has enough money to pay for her own healthcare.
likewise Mr.Chase, likewise
#iPhone4 #petraeus #oilspill #summer #economystillstruggling. That'll keep you busy for at least a couple of hours.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
RT : It is still early days for adoption with 63% saying #cloud services support less than 5% of their IT needs #interop webcast...
R.I.P (Rock In Peace) Jim MARSHALL...
#areyouseriousbro ??? Well, not most of the time but yeah, right now i am.
Had a dream where my google scholar citations total was down to 7 or so.
rearranging/redecorating my room with (;
TV Roundup: Is Jaleel White Behaving Badly Behind the Scenes of &#39;DWTS?&#39;
thanks bro good look
k u can call me tomorrow. My number should b on my Facebook page. If it isn't then let me know n I'll message my number on FB
a little birdie told us we're gettin' a new office! WOOT!
i try.
lol you think I'm sad haha!!!
I need you to pick up our dinner next.
lmfao you lost ya mind
I did. Thanks! And my coworker can't stop talking about how good his Turkey Cuban was.
LOL REESE'S PUFFS......NICK....lol he was like allison she is so annoying and im all lyk YO DAWG DAZ WHY WE HOMIES
follow her
I made my avatar ... and i think it's funny... I change every october to something pink...and other times to "fit the mood"
Hong Kong !
Well, good luck.
< that sounds kind of funny
Trying to explain to my dog why I'm sanding the deck and he still looks at me like I'm an idiot.
Thank you!! Hope your having a great day its beautiful outside!
I'll be there tonight! I'm in turn sure the weekend
Sheri Bigelow now taking the stage.
That wasn't Santa penis, it was his elves' penises. I am very disappoint. But the movie was pretty awesome.
Making lots of cool things! Can't wait to show you...
is this ur original twitter page???
Michael Vick has taken some big hits in the last 2 weeks
Bus coming in 5 minutes MY ASS . That shits bouta come in 20 more -.-
Dad is out of surgery.... NO TUMOR!!!!!!! Thank you for your thoughts and prayers!!!!
Incredible lunch! The chicken or the egg. Thank you and !
Cat & Robbie are so cute! ❤
Wow, you and think alike. RT : Hands Down..... Man Down!
love ya too hun (:
just realized i ate meat on good friday ...
Tell : Don't play chicken with food safety. Drop your dangerous new poultry inspection standards!
Today's challenge: Say "you go girl!" with complete sincerity to someone deserving
Great timing! I've been cleaning out the closet today and was planning a donation trip. Thanks for keeping us in the loop.
You Too!!!
They only make it for Beers of the World.
Admit it, at least once in our life, we all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.
yeah truee!!! we can always decide later :)
Devs of said of Binary Battle "You've inspired innovation that wasn't otherwise happening" Thx! let's keep inspiring!
Lord Tensai of Acid
Happy Mother's Day! Love you!!!!
"Russell was... hospitalized... suffering from exhaustion, dehydration, and malnutrition" oh! so thats why he was naked and JOing in public!
hahahah love you
I like the Beatles poster in your profile picture. ;) #JohnLennon❤
The Memphis Dawls EP is ON SALE on iTunes! Grab it today! Best songs of the summer so far!
damn...well it's part of the game they got depth #BUCSNATION still taking the south
Gave away 10 CDs as Christmas gifts. Great music. Great message. Hope everyone likes them!
feeeelinnnn goo if you get what I'm sayin
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Bah. Amateurs. :-D Where's the fried egg and fried cheese curds? (Yes, it exists!)
Met lots of ppl @ resource fair. Parents & students excited about #craigyferg & Pacino. Purchase tix now b4 they are gone
We've got on the brain!
first of all. SO happy about your picture. second, let's do it! i want to sell as much as possible before moving next month.
This is a really funky track now up for free download enjoy this on this awesome day!...
anytime! Enjoy.
i just saw it so awsome :) yeah man
LOTS of poolside drinking and shopping.
thank you. I love you too! But If your fag partner gets there then try to come for la comida k!
That was a late post, my phone was backed up
how can I get my mixes on your smashbro show?
I'm watching the GAME
Hey, wait a minute . . . oh yeah, right.
dreamhost was down for a few hours earlier today too. I blame solar flares for our hosting woes
Nancy Broff from Dickstein Shapiro: NCES is working on a calculation measure for all of #highered to measure placement rate.
Thank you for sharing! "Gluten Free Registry app on my iPhone (shows via GPS GF in area)"
Why does everybody have to hate the lakers? What y'all mad can you thought they would be swept or lose the series? Save that hate 4 Miami
Breathe in the future, exhale out the past.
The interesting thing about Social Networks; you might get "back in touch" with old friends, that doesn't mean "they're back in your life."
middle section....i'm not going in the rafters...prolly in Roy Hibbert's section
I really do. I have a high sex drive and I like to be dirty and violent.
Its not much of a chant, she just says "Shake it LoMo!"
yeah I need to get in contact with him
Is today going to be the end of the good weather?
me being in LI, they'll think it's farmland
I rather just blow up 's Mentions with tweets instead of conplaining that he doesnt tweet me back......
it is not my birthday
twitter guys with motorcycles rock! riding behind u on a harley makes me so... um... think how do YOU feel when u ride ur bike?
We're loving your technology use. Thanks!!! Interesting play-by-play
Sounds as if she is the ultimate hat wearing chuch lady! I like how you see things!
I KNOW YOU WILL NEVER NOTICE BUT IT MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU WOULD FOLLOW TO DAY YOUR SOO AMAZING AND ADORABLE <33333333
A2. Performance support is real-time
Chubbys has $4.99 beef and chicken kabobs this week! and dont forget about their friend twinkies, oreos or snickers for only $1.99!
On verge of moving out of house and back to sweet old sf. Packing packing packing.
I won't give us on us... God knows I'm tough enough... We've got a lot to learn... God knows we're worth it!
Are you still coming up? When should we expect you?
May 1, commemorating 1886 Chicago riots after a strike for the 8 hour workday, is a national holiday in 80 countries but not the US.
It's those moments only I know about that I'm starting to regret or just hate The most. This is stupid...
Can't a young ninja get money anymore???
>>>MLM News! Ausante( New Company Listing )
Ah love it <3 I can't wait to try it out tomorrow with the other things I got!
ready for Steelers football.
you aint no bird
Hey Jay...thanks for the follow...following you too..
feb 20 cant get here fast enough! #bbw..the originals!
Bangarang. I see what you did there :)
NBC sucks.
So, SO many films I'm looking forward to this summer!
riding the J train
wat is u favorite color??
Hey tough loss tonight kid. Lebron was huge tonight in a losing effort. Good luck in the playoffs, might play red hot
Wow that would be awesome...I have to talk it over with my partner but we will definitely keep in touch!
Wow, 200 followers! Thanks for following me even though I've been crazy busy and MIA on Twitter lately.
If anyone from cheverus, cape, falmouth ect. Watched the phs international show they wouldn't know what to do with themselves
I agree with you there- it's a good topic for discussion. Who would have thought you'd be so threatening carrying juice?
Have to question the emotional states of the kids in my class. Picking poets like Plath and Poe to read aloud...
One person was killed in an accident on Interstate 35 near New Market. Listen for details at 3pm on WCCO radio
Enjoy the show Rachel! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
This week I am reading an advance copy of Attica Locke's The Cutting Season.
Loved meeting Judy Blume and at the Penguin dinner. Wonderful start to
I'd use an ax. But that's me.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co? Yep, we're going all out on heels & flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!
At LAX headed to Puerto Rico.
The last time #LeapDay fell on #HumpDay was 28 years ago. It also just so happens to be #WhiskeyWednesday, if you're into that sort of thing
When you burn your tongue then you can't taste anything for a few days... #EverythingTastesLikeDirt :(
Taking training requests all year long. Classes are available.
u happy now lol
sup mama bear?
Smh i hate racist people. I try and hope to never get physical when it comes up
jerry says he wants 2 Ks, Garrett says No. we will c tho.
Yesterday's was outstanding, and we got to check out To say the least, it is a mindblowing experience.
2 all those that R sayn 2 shut up about 420 don't hate its like christmas or a holiday let's get 2hether N feel alright. Happy 420.
-_- this girl done started tweeting her relationship story & how he did this and that & blah blah.... Take that shit Back to FB
i can see myself with #oomf .
People always mention teachers when discussing underpaid workers. Anyone know the salary range for public & private school teachers?
I'll say this for Mushnick, he's consistent. He sucked when I first read him while in college 30 yrs. ago & his record is unbroken since!
I must have one!
Irritated ...again
Predator is sick!
everytime i eat watermelon i am wearing a tanktop
": #campuslife Full day on campus: Carnival #judicialboard talent show!" Thanks for always beng committed.
Thanks, I'll check on my tech spending spree tomorrow:)
Anyone chillin at Thompson this evening?
99 followers...who wants to be lucky mumber 100? Anybody, anybody?
padres already on the playoff bubble after opening day loss to Dodgers.
watching it now!
Just finished cleaning my house since 4. Now its time to order some food, rent a movie, and relax with my dogs
9am on New Years Day and I'm awake. But it's pretty outside!
Wanna play where the pros play? Mavs Court of Dreams for the 2011-2012 season...... we're accepting deposits for Mavs Fan Experiences!
I wanna say something so bad but it's better to ship up
"You learn to forgive by being hurt." Charles Stanley
Against anyone else I'd agree.
<3 RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
You know you raged pretty hard when you wake up in someone elses vomit.
It's a recession don't be picky bout how people make they money...
Hope you were able to make it over. Thanks! RT : 3am run to castle megastore?
I won't be able to anymore we're goin up to lake geneva for mother's day :( we should try to go out sometime soon!
those people who can come into your life and make a difference i'm glad i can call my friend!!! <3
Thanks for the mentions! Happy hump day to you!
That's All A Lie
shout out to SISCO!! follow follow follow yo word em up to all y'all twitter addicts!
Band is getting a lot better
Does your company need a blog (yes) or need help writing it? Contact TPS.
Finally getting to bed after about 4 hours of catching up with my best friend over beers. #ManlyFood Friday will deliver though!
I'm sure I have you beat- I'm the absolute worst at opening :)
In 3 days we kick-off Movember at our Sweeney Todd Shave-Off Halloween Night! Plus free live music & discounted eats! RTs welcome!
RT : Petterino's on #Yelp: I think I've found the perfect place for a mid-range lunch in the Loop. Last week, my group w......
Sounds crazy hun that's ok guess prince hakim going have to make some noise first in the industry
Is everyone enjoying the salsa? I'm sure is!
“: “: Meeting With ” Misses you Guys xoxo”
The Lone Granger holding it down in TPA
Hi you. Just woke up on this side of the ocean. Chilling, my daughters are taking me to breakfast. How is your weekend? x
I need some more hennessy asap before I go to this club im in that bitch dolo
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and I think they'd be so cute together :')
WE ARE NOW FOLLOWING BACK ALL OUR FOLLOWERS "BUT" IF WE MISSED YOU SEND US A TWEET & WE WILL BACK FOLLOW ASAP !
Progress, like pimpin, ain't easy.
Looking forward to meeting more twitter friends today at #astd2012!
At uindy aka on the futon I missed it!!
GM & Happy Monday Let's pursue our passions, Live our Dreams & fulfill our destines
No matter how old I get, I feel like a kid trying to be an adult. Which... In retrospect, I guess is a good thing?
Haha! Looks like I got a lot of calculus to do
I think it was Wayne Shorter that said when times are tough is the best time to push the envelope. You got big ideas, girl!
I'm #teamBlake but by goodness, the song Chris Mann is singing kills me very single time.
Need an extra hat?
Sf walk against rape camping out by the tuba
Psyched to join #CmgrChat today at 2 pm, focused on content creation. See you there?
RT : Never neglect your gifts/talents. God gave it to you so it's your responsibility to give it to the world.
Reminds us of ! "I want to do something creative, not just easy. " - Bach
watched your dad for the first time. You have the talent in the family. What state can you have a monkey? Honey Butter = G Corral
My twitter has meaning again now that Love is back!!!
the usual, what about you? #goodmorning ♥
#Boom #Athletics win in the 12th
GoodMorning! Happy Monday
At #convergeus tonight in DC!
why is the internet so slow? GGGRRRR also my mom is fucked up making my girlfriend hate my guts and now im in bad pain :'-(
Terps Police Week Happy Hour! Prizes, specials for Terps who serve. May 17 4:30-6:30 DC's Penn Quarter Sports Tavern. RSVP
Librarians are more connected to each other than any other profession I know.
I'm a psychologist. Big difference, I'll send you my card.
"Most wavers of the red, white & blue can’t bring themselves to understand that #capitalism isn’t what’s operating in #America."
Aha! I'm sorry.
Always a treat during #Idol when they go to Steven Tyler for his comments! Tonight's best... "Courage is just fear that said its prayers."
Other than twitter, yep! Share with us your cannabis knowledge - we'll retweet :D Help increase your community's awareness!
Bruno Mars singing Amy Winehouse's Valerie on MTV #vma was really damn good. Go find it and watch it!!!
Did the #P90X chest, shoulders and triceps workout. Week 7 begins.
we have the same goal.. Time to join forces
LUVD U in ! Congrats 2 U ,the Fabulous&Fine & the Rest of the Cast! GREAT MOVIE!
Hi ! How are u?
Tim and my dad have a good relationship. Good to see when they're not arguing
#iThinkOfYou when my taint itches
hey babe need a dinner reso tonight hit me up!
Those Charlie Brown cupcakes are so great!
I should go for a run but it's too hot out for fat people to be running right now.
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
uh oh
4 J's next live, he's doing a scene from
Congratulations Monika Wasteney Doyal! You have won the pair of vouchers to Sesame Street Live. There will be another shot here in a moment!
Take risks.
SPIN METER: Rivals airbrush anti-Romney words - The Associated Press
lmao yep . im out late night creeping lmao .
the mere thought of that made me punch myself in the face.
Watching A Movie <3 What Time Is Our Basketball Game Tomorrow ? #basketballislife xx3
Also should probably note that my issues with have been resolved...since I DID tweet about them, I feel I should update things.
Now that you're dead it's kinda turning me on. New The Used lyrics. Hmm
Go get 'em in FoCo tonight. My home town.
I wanna get home already!!
Just finished filling out our contract. We can't wait!
C-Force Attends Furman University. Former Paladin Dempsey Delivers Draw Against England. Becomes 2nd American to Score in (2) World Cups
Come on, are you insinuating it takes $$ to get kids to play at UK? Facilities + Cal + Fans + ESPN TV Deal? Those not enough?
Boise St -9.5 w/ a 54 tonight, Can't see how Boise doesn't cover that 9.5 with ease
We have the winner get here by 7 bro. Tweet me when you arrive. If I get more I'll take next in line.
its the other way around, aouli was about to bang on hanaa but i held her back
Y'all honestly inspire me :) ALWAYS VOTING RNG! x
blast! probably. =) good luck. there's gotta be someone out your way who can help...
Leaving my keys in the front door overnight.
i've been feeling sick for the past 3 days. finally getting better
I know right...women playing basket ball...uh no...
Very cool!
Thats halirous omg RT ==> BRO DONT PLAY AROUND R U SERIOUS I LOVE KILL BILL (YOU EAT LIKE BI#$%) LOLZ!!!
And thanks for yours! I'm glad we are friends and I'm glad we met :) <2
"The Horizon Line" new landscapes by Ellen Lewis. Opening 6/4/2011, 7-10pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, Decatur, free, www.ellenalewis.com
We are the spirit of the natural American
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Life is crazy but I Love it...
Thanks for the key like pie deliciousness!
I hope you make it through!!!!!! Good luck
Blast Fat With This 30-Minute Interval Workout
Just saw the commercial for tonight's episode of #TheVoice Oh my god, is looking extra sexy!
It's a sabertooth cat. U know the ones that went extinct. So we both can be cats. Haha
Ive wanted to work with you for so long.... this is an honor and a Deam come True!!
Late show in New Orleans tonight. I'm going to be beyond tired by the time I crawl into my bunk.
Any suggestions for a dog that has just made a move halfway across the country& is now having serious anxiety and loss of appetite issues?
Demonstrates how special teams makes a difference. #LSU RT : #1 stays #1. What are your thoughts after the "biggest game of the year"?
When people wake you up to ask you if your sleeping <<<<
I swear to God my dad acts like a total jackass.
famous abe lincoln quote: If I had 8 hours to cut down a tree, I'd spending 6 hours reading a book on "cutting down trees".
It's where I met (and married) ! Chicago is spreading the love for the city. What do you love about Chicago?
<3 RT : Walking down the quarter mile and seeing the legacy walk always makes me smile! Especially when I see names I recognize!
Had a dream that Anatomy & Physiology was being taught in Spanish -what a way to expedite the semester
Have a great successful day! RT : The rain is gone! #PhilanthroFest is on! See you all soon. 12pm-6pm.
Rex says Coples was held out of team drills. "we know what he can do." wanted to see what other guys could do.
thanks(: x
Hey Jim, are you saying Tebow is a Programmatic Non fit for the Broncos?
Yess(: guess who it was<3
No one gets me like you when you kiss me. Boy, you rock me harder than some downtown band.
Just got my #Timbers tix! Rolled up to JeldWen, no line. :-)
That was fun while it lasted.
only til I got home, where I promptly fell asleep on the couch
RT #ChiWineTrade Save the date: July 18, 12-3 @ The Bristol. celebrates small independent producers! Details to follow. .
For some reason I always think I can get anywhere in mke in 5 minutes, but this is, in fact, not true
A shot for blowouts ;)) lol
Let's get it heat
Some people never change....
awesome! Can't wait to hear it!
what about the 2006 Miami Heat ... who won the title, then were swept in the first round in 2007.
"The Hang On-ers!"
cool just hmu
sounds like a plan! Maybe next week one day? We can work it out soon. You relax! Lol
On my way to see in HT$ with & gina :D <3
I wish i was at the mall): those are some lucky girls(:
Wow...feeling the love today! Thanks to each and everyone of you for being such a big part of the past 30 years. Look forward to another 30!
I heard last year a college men's lacrosse team put their Twitter handles on the back of their jerseys.
but, if the iPad has proven anything, it's that people only shop based on features … er, wait. um.
Anyone find one in EAV? RT Bars are really missing out on a marketing opportunity if they don't have a #SOPA black-out special
Im sorry. It is fine, we can do the interview whenever u r ready.I am not sure what I will be doing late July but I will be in SD
Imagine the whole place is the VIP section. The awesome bartender on one side. Benches on the other. A dance floor in the middle.
K. guys just because we don't like someone doesn't mean were jealous. get over it.
Let the countdown begin 3 more days until we rip another show Brohyde's let's get IT!!!!!!
Well the present on our couch was dropped off by scotty and kwak last night. And of course he let himself in before we got home!
of course, but the future is kinda exciting
Billy Collins Literary Award Recipient Nashville TN for NPL
nothin at all..
I'm bored doing homework
thanks for coming out Nick! glad you liked the film!
disqualified: too many letters. Edison out!
no christmas eve would be complete without an "i didnt know i was pregnant" marathon
I'm serious about everything . I'm to grown for games dumbass
what's happening Alex are they fixing ur face
Ready to curl up in a grey sweater
Hella excited for MIB3.. Just saying! :)
Every time you begin a story with a question, I'm going to punt a kitten.
RT : u lived in the same dorm as Len Bias u old ass bitch RT : Niggas been Bulls fans since 2009
ok ok: SIZZLER? i don't even KNOW 'er?!
Hey Everyone ! September 10th I'll Be Live Ustreaming ! Inbox Me Questions You Want Answered ! Don't Miss It <3
If did what you do to me, you would know how hurt i feel everytime you do those things..
Come on say t with us Mindless Mindless Mindless woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Penis envy - the basis of Dems against Weiner.
Are these birds dropping BOMBS?!
It's The Truth!!!
what kind of manager
The assembly has been informed about the florida voter suppression law.
Today was just... I don't know, I just hated today.
Sleep is playing Neumos in Seattle June 4; I haven't been this stoked for a concert in years.
the things kids say on xbox... l m a o
I hate ppl who dnt look at shit 2 ways..idgaf who u r, when ur wrong ur wrong..ppl need to take responsibility instead of pointing fingers
LONDON!!:D
#iacrl2012 meeting info seekers on own turf. Pirate adventure app for info literacy! always considered research a treasure seeking activity
RT : Tim shared 3 key concepts of mentoring for him: humble confidence, life is a rope, intentionality
Harass Harass Harass
Still working on this Costco bucket of mayo...
On my way to a winery in Malibu. Who says engineering doesn't get some high class perks?
I need to promote the hell out of this instrumental album dropping late this summer.
'WingSauce.com' is for sale and I'm the broker selling it! It is priced to sell quickly. Let me know if you are interested!
Bo is still da mann! I am on his board for his foundation-he has BIG things goin on! His indoor dome, helping many kids, etc
I don't wanna be original I wanna be cool! #13goingon30 #30flirty&thriving
If the writing is honest it cannot be separated from the man who wrote it. — Tennessee Williams
I miss that
YAWN #MadonnaBowl is boring
You know y'inz are going out drinking tomorrow night, so stop by at 9,& tip a few back and give thanks for
Morgan just farted she just declare our friendship.
I found the page. Damn All State commercials playing outta nowhere! But seriously, sheer panic.
I really enjoy my volunteers. and
hey doll. I miss you. How are you?
I need more followers. If you are interested in Autism, tutoring Autism, teaching & counseling - follow me!!
*rubs hands on torso suggestively*
Possible debt deal - horrible compromise! Spending cuts to take 10 yrs! Increase in debt ceiling to placate Obama. Gov doesn't get it.
u and austin would be a very gorgeous couple! Just saying;)
video's are the funniest out there guy(: Retweet and follow :)
let's set something up! where do you wanna play?
Little Miss I GIVE Up.. is what I need!
Ok everybody: #BestFriendsForever tonight on NBC at 8:30. Then we meet back here to discuss, m'kay?
www.mervegallery.com new hours starting next week.
No matter what you say I'm always going to be this way.
Please follow me.<3
Christine: be willing go think analytically about how to adapt great tools to benefit your community.
Damn you should passed a nigga a bottle then, haha go eat a sammich you'll sober up
Exactly what Christ meant: Follow him not middle men like pastors/business men. Religion is dead. We let the dead bury the dead!
listen ima need u to learn to start taking me
I MISS MY DOG =( darn college dorms and their lack of pets
Sorry Gentlemen... I think has you beaten on both fronts! ;-)
well, I might add that normal would be boring. That's not :-)
Follow me I follow back jack!
so its dragging on the ground
i could listen to #KeithMorrison from #Dateline read a grocery list. his voice is so soothing. and just the right hint of creepy
I got some Dead People in my pockets.
"Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
That is 1 of our procedures, but ... :) RT : I don't suppose you'd do a breast augmentation for me
lol EXACTLY why I don't have them synced, lol.
Meant every word. Really nice piece, and you deserve the recognition :-)
I luv how Jackson randomly crashes from caffeine lol :P
Dollars to donuts, you follow the puke ripples in and that McDonalds is your epicenter.
wow...surprised you got off that easy!
Hi Lori, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
yes ... that tail-ly guy there can only be an inspiration ... never ending energy until the job gets done, right?!
Bored :l
its gna be crazy
"you're all grown up now?!?"
If you wanna walk by my side, I don't need you to suck me dry.
Having nappy hair is not cool. Shit hurts sometimes.
difficult... but so rewarding! You forgot to mention how exciting too!
Today I was supposed to re-organize my life. Today I got partially caught up on my sleep deficit.
Glad took the W. Good guy that deserves it.
99 followers...who's going to be #100?!?
I am on Sanibel too. Performing songs of Merman and Martin Thursday at Big Arts. If u & mrs t want to come let me know.
Just wait for sandcastle weekend
This week went by to quick -__-
thank you for working so hard for us :) <3 You are AMAZINGG
you're welcome!!
Fuckin loooovvee chicks with bright red hair
I added some peppers to his lunch today and some Mike & Ikes! Hope that brightened his day! :)
I'm not there today but we're there all wknd
i juss feel like I need you but I know damn well that your never there for me at all but I am there for you
I initially read this as Little Ms P is an Orangoutang, and I wondered what that had to do with ticket sales.
“: Our own, Tami Dixon presents, Southside Stories this Thursday at 6PM. It's free. Hope to see you there!!”
i love a girl with dimples
Yessir, get it in!
If you want to follow you then follow for all your tweeting canine needs.
What kind did you get? RT My iPad case came!!
audition dude. Go for it.
What would you like to know about getting started in real estate? Ask your answers here.
by example, instead of telling them what to do we act like sharing is the thing to do empathy is also a great way to for us to teach
For a moment, I was thinking about taking up MMA fighting. Then I remembered that I have a strong dislike for getting punched in the face
We are working on top secret projects today (aka ice cream sundaes)! RT : what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
See you're following me - the Lord Jesus can give you self respect so you don't have 2 sell your body to strangers.
Just got back from a day at the lake with the girls! so beat!
I hate but love waking up this late. Makes me definitely miss a lot. I slept for more than 8 hours and I'm still tired.
dude, im in an epic partof lost right now, Just go throw a chair across your room again. And while your up, get me some pudding
Thank you so much:)
Tastes even better!
is there a lil bit of your perf up already?
Happy Easter 🐰🎉
Skipping garbage. It's dark & I fear for my safety. The imaginary gang of possums outside my house consider the garbage their turf.
zip a shot now
"Just got a real strong feeling that someone was hurting and needed hope." ~ Solomon
thanks for such a great week at magic!
If this is true, you might as well lock the sch bldg doors, gate the premises, and shuttle the principal off to "ed prison."
see you there!
Anytime! Happy weekend!
Sorry, just saw this now. I ate at home. :(
You got it man!
Challenge accepted. RT Chicago is 2 on America’s Most Powerful Global Cities list - We're coming for you, NYC.
Randy Jackson is wearing a pin that says YO
haha it's tomorrow but thank you
hey man thanks for the RT! Try to ramp things up on scoreboard. Have a great weekend!
Excellent. What part spoke to you the most? Thanks ^staff RT : can't stop talking about #sunstandstill to everyone who will listen
At the gym, watching ESPN on the elliptical... But I can still see the Food Network on the adjacent TV.
Ice cream, much like yawning, is contagious.
2nd Element of Foundation: The Baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Took the words right out of my mouth
this weekend is about to be bomb.
How do you feel about guest bartending? CF is hosting a summer movie series, Gunners Run is hosting, Any interest?
sweet. I forgot about #tacotime. If we go to the #mall can we go to #hottopic?
I'm like that chick from Men In Black I swear, whenever I'm sad it rains.
See you there Maria! :)
dont blow away the chance!!
Lol, you got me here! Would've been great for April 1st :)
May need to interview UW Women's Hockey Coach Mark Johnson, is anyone able to help me with this?
At the center of it all are the bets you placed ... The outcome now lies in the work you're about to put in!
bad news on the door step, i couldnt take one more step--maybe/// 10news4sale. Corporate doesn't believe consumer media is a good fit
Enjoying a beer while watching the game
Like most things, there are exceptions to the rule.
Twitter is so frustrating. The question didn't even post in my timeline :(
I totally agree. I am a student teacher, so my experience in differentiating is low.I would love to say bye to wkshts 4EVER!
Berman said "back" approx 73 times last night; longest was 6x "back" for Gonzalez in final round. Check out today's SBD for more.
Thank you. I'm glad you found the article useful.
“: #ThingsBlackFolkLove Wearing chains. This love dates back to 1500's.”
yeah of course! Pls come. Lots of brews and fun. Shots shots shots.
Both go hand in hand!!!
too bad. I like a good tease. That's when Leo the Lion comes out. Lol.
Jeff, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you. :)
YOU ARE THE MUSIC IN ME
Ouch, crushed beetles used for shine and color in Starbucks Fraps!! Can't believe this s*^% happens!
I'm addicted to
A1: One of my fav brands to follow is They are hilarious, ridiculous & I open every marketing email.
"The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door..."
I used to love watchin Tia and Temera 's show Sister Sister (:
PUT GOD FIRST ...oh wait
"You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world." - Unknown
Ugh let me have Lea's voice
Follow me people
my hair has a mind of its own. i can never get it the way i want it, i swear.
is that you singing the hook on the Snoop song So What?
Fuck love ? No , fuck the person who made you think like that .
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
thank you!
The original police “raid” at the paper consisted of rummaging through a single reporter’s desk and failing to question any other staff -NYT
#FF thanks for helping me with the skewer, it works great, got the trainer up and running : )
Have fun boat shopping! Check out the if you're looking for a ski boat.
Today in jazz: 1928 Clarinetist Jimmie Noone records "Four or Five Times" with pianist Earl Hines.
yessirree.. drive is not bad.. lots of Jagoffs... and weather last two trips has been poor.. snow last time to months ago
ah I talk with him once and he's very nice
interesting that he's changed his tone post Iowa.
Entrapment: East Coast Edition. Summer 2009.
* My hour is almost come
Matt Thompson and Megan Garber starting the #brandcpr session with some energy. And promises of cookie packs.
YES he is lmao
so good to see you last night!! hope you wear the sweater soon. xx,B
and didn't u send me a txt saying tht ur phone was gonna b taken away or sumthin'??
Foundations paper officially done! Time to start working on WC paper. Done on 12/13 with Fall 2011! YAY!
thanks love!
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all
I hate the constraints of the bell at the high school level!
Oh I see how it is
GM Job available at Bar Louie Water st, how can every candidate I interview be so under qualified and boring! Where are all the rock stars?
actually Tampa and heading to beautiful Ft Walton.
what you doin
Ugh I can't sleep!!!
urban space sculptor shares his public work at luncheon sponsored by
my bad bro hit me up ill inbox ypu my number for right now
Seriously girl...we need to hang out! Actually...I'm going to text you right now...enough is enough :)
the great khali
The relative abundance of cabs helps, too.
It's nice when someone compliments you on how nice you've been to them...this day looks far better than yesterday :)
Digging the Pink Martini show here at The Paramount with my sweetie. They sound fantastic in this room.
Can't agree more. Everything else sucks
In Class , Sleepy A'f , Hungry A'f , Bored A'f , && Did I Mention That I Was Hungry A'f.
#NeverShouldYouEver lie it'll stay with you to your grave.
bellevue jobs
Omg thank goshh!!!! I will stay up all night just to hear if i have to!
There's no such thing as yoloing to hard(; words of Kevin.
RT : Some companies encouraging their customers to answer questions from other customers. Self supporting customer base.
The project was slow and partial due to other projects, but it's rolling! Will check out Sublime Text 2, thanks. :)
What makes you beautiful, or 11:11.. cant decide :)
well my grandma does...and her friends. ITS SO EMBARRASSING.
R.I.P. singer Whitney Houston. :-( Find her greatest hits at LPA.
Today in Invention History: Issac Hodgson received patent in 1869 for the roller skate.
you are muy annoying
: Need as many bodies at for tonight at 1115pm. Come on. We close out the night
;; but at least I'm with friends now ! my flipflop broke too
Reminder: Meeting tonight at 7pm... open to all, feel free to come on down for a tour or to meet the members!
An "ex" is called an "ex" because it's an EXample of what you shouldn't have again in the future.
What the Hell!
follow back then hun
#GoTribe Just saw an asian kid decked out in indians apparel so like any other irish hillbilly I said "shin soo choo...
Happy Valentine's Day to u too!
I feel amazing #hardworkout it's pays off 👍🏃💪
Just seen some inspirational words from the one and only, the only one that i know and also the only one that we all know,
brandon was looking at me today. and he snuck up behind me in AVID. he was so close to my neck. Shivering :)
Winners are not those who never fail but those who never quit. Ed Cole
Great effin #NBA finals game!!!
I do what I can :)
.......Why niggas gota be difficult? huh?
#xfactor shame on you Nicole, shame on you. It was SO obvious but you wilted. Rachel - you blew us away, sweetie!!
and if they hire "the next big thing from out of town," it's going to take them a year to figure out the culture of the dept.
woman loves getting married.
Social Meetup tomorrow at Engine 11! 2pm 30 North Avenue NE, Atlanta
Get a nature fix (without going outside)! Buy a plant for ur desk - it reduces fatigue & discomfort & improves performance & mood :)
killed that 1995 freestyle
s/o homie u got that shit
Limp Bizkit signs with Cash money
Crawfish boil and tequila for the going away party... I think they are trying to make me stay
Ok I know I'm really annoying sorry bye this time for real.
Damn you for thwarting me with your hashtag! This war isn't done! I have Comicon tickets. It's ok.
Hey it's BK, What song u wanna hear? the rumor is-Rolling Stones could be the musical guests on the season finale of Sat Night Live on 5/19.
Your penis is too small bro.
LCers: heard Ross Harvey now calls his LIS class Digital Stewardship b/c of curation's over/mis-use. My campaign gathers momentum!
when will you figure out that im probably your biggest fan? <3 just one tweet from you can last me a lifetime (:
Insomnia + snoring mother = no fun.
How are you celebrating St. Patty's Day? What is your favorite Irish dish?
hahaha me too!
Setting aside basic internet access issues, will DPLA/Zeega work with older computers (that maybe can't handle heavy multimedia)?
I need a nap.
Rick Perry just didn't have the energy it takes for a debate.
"End of Summer BBQ" Cooking class, 09.14. 6pm Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad & Watermelon Gazpacho! $40 pp. Call 404.681.4434.
Roses are Blue, Violets are Unicorns, This Poem doesn't make any sense. Refrigerator..
RT : “Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were 2 success when they gave up”–Thomas Edison.
In that dream moving slow through the morning time
Goodnight moon.
Walking with Dinosaurs is tonight at The Gwinett Arena!! I got tickets!! My Nana is even coming, woot!
things are just heating up in here in #Chicago. #nato protests started today. Protestors trying get cops to respond w/ violence
Pretending to watch March Madness! 2 for 1 @ Roccos :)
Wishing a safe and Happy New Year to all!!
Why am I still awake??? Smh
It's weird that it's already Halloween. Hmm! :3
you can never go wrong with a cute neon tee and jean shorts<3
Dear parents of 7 y.o. LAX phenom: he's not that great. Especially when he threw the ball and hit me in the crotch instead of his partner.
Great Lash & Illegal Length :)
Contacted RE: unprofessional service from Grand Moving, the company they brokered. I'm optimistic BVL will right the wrongs.
Up feeling blessed this morning, with that being said, have a great friday facebookers......
Jenna Marbles <3 :)
I wanna hit the pool but have to get this weave out my head first cause water and weave don't mix
You guys are the absolute BEST. That's all! ;D
no rest for the wicked, they say.
Do you see what we've done? We're gonna make such fools of ourselves
my elusive email Twitter friend, sending a #ff your way!
Baron, relax punk. Artest ejected for trying to stop the confrontation. Surprised much? Lakers end streak at 7 to clips
Savoring the journey...
Jeff. Thanks for checking in. Been swamped, but will check it tonight. Are you happy with how things came out? Eric
Good morning!! Breakfast time with my son Dariel!!☕
I couldn't believe how quickly temps dropped yesterday afternoon. But supposed to be a fantastic weekend.
I'm about to pull my hair out!!!!!!!! AH
ChillN wit the vets even though I'm still a rookie , ikno got a lot of livin' left .
Good Friday morning! #Quote: “Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” - Vincent van Gogh
#EmailMarketing Tip 8: make unsubscribe process easy, clear, quick. Don’t hide link. Ensure they are removed immediately....
RT : SO. GREAT. Missing #NYC already! RT : Great night last night !
This stye on my eye is painful!
Just got my Ambuzzador package! So happy to be a part of it! Thanks
root for bubba then.. Phil is the milka of golf
Making scones = a half hour of clean-up. So worth it.
Alice in Winter Wonderland
Am I breaching into #mla12? Mieville's vocabulary is impressively, aggressively postmodern replete w/British accent
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know? Thats me on some psychic shit
Congrats to the on advancing to Western Conference Finals (and new ownership)! #Vizzda supports your quest to make history!
I go to bars and order chocolate milk, and when people call me a bitch I tell them it's a White Russian and it's getting me super drunk.
So much to do so lil time!!
meow meow valentine ｡o.ﾟ｡*･★
Haha!! So fun/scary! Never to be forgotten.
I guess I'm sleeping with a Bible tonight
I mean ANCHOVY PIZZA!
What are common questions cust ask. Is your content answering those Qs? Don't be an ostrich & avoid cost issue
Do we have meetings tomorrow I wasn't there on Friday?
RT I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore.
da djembe is fragile!! Don't hate! (;
Speed elevators the Egg McMuffin of elavators
HAPPY EASTER THOMAS!(: have a good one!
Attention deficit cause I don't pay you none
talk about weak
School Tomorrow :) <3 Cant wight to Learn the New dance :)
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect eh.. but you're perfect for me.
Hey trusty barrista... you are being followed.
Can u match me with a FeaTure Film Financier?
This chick in front of me just cashed a $10,000 check..I wonder if she seeing anybody?lol
I can't stand a clingy nigga.
I am super tired..
Going to sleep soon. I'm so tired plus I wanna dream about my baby.
is un-wierdedified a word? i wouldnt think so.....
#whodunit? Definitely someone on the 5th floor. They are silent and deadly, I am sure. :-)
Dear Lazyweb - Any recommendations for a good web-based IRC client, ala Campfire?
I wanted to win
finishing up this years continuing ed...a whole 37 hours before the due date :)
I am craving Long John Silver's. How strange. Back to work tomorrow after a long weekend. Ready for action!
What was the final payout for our team? RT: #ff - Whatever the stakes, whatever the game, just bet on him!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!
Just saw the #Avengers ... It was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had really high expectations and they were way exceeded.
Yay! My article on lessons learned at #SXSWi will be published in #SMPS Marketer!
I'm not being Sarcastic when I write this but I'm seriously going to Church tomorrow & praying for people.
I have a shore house it's like 10min away. Your more than welcome to stay
Had lunch with the hubby at his work. :-) I appreciate #Google!
come home soon!!!
"the best Guinness you would ever have in your life is the one they serve at St James Gate"
In this case it's about who brings the right more and like hogan said to rock they were his fans first. Same rule applies
Well lets meet RT I've alwayz had a thing for chunky ladies.. Healthy, big boned, all of the above. I still do!!
Shorter is private I believe, therefore they make their own rules since they are self sufficient.
Maybe wrote "Office Cornerback." Classic mix-up.
Ha! Im an idiot. Wrap it up Friday --: You can only see my Friday, if U show me yours
Hey There Canton this is Avalanche I just want to say keep up the god music and work for Jesus I see you at the top.
A big thanks to all of our residents for making 2011 so great! We're looking forward to a wonderful 2012!
this is exactly what I was thinking about!!!!
African Americans who are offended by marriage equality issue. SHAME! Civil rights are civil rights.
My favorite phrase...Same thang make u laugh make u cry... BEEN PROVEN.
No one could ever even understand.
I think I like Evan Smith....
You all good?...I am running around last minute...Hit me on my phone if you need anything!
Whenever I hear "do you think I'm sexy" @ work I grin. Images of Scottish men
I will travel over mountains and across seas to be there!
i dont rock with swim like that anymore its only c roll and vizanime!
HA is the best in business. MM, I wish u would have sold it to me in 08 when I asked you at CPAC
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Smile .. RT : oh Joni, so many words per line, so hard to sing
Kernel panic when I run class-dump. Coincidence?
Hats off to Green Bay for closing the game.
Not wild about the dark interface on the portal, but I don't like dark interfaces in general.
hahaha that's just silly...
Hi, Birthday bash should be fun, lots of food and great DJ Blake Michael from Lemonade Mouth, jan 16th, contact me if you need details.
Welcome to MKE! I worked at WISN a long time, so if you want the scoop on anyone, let me know! ;) Ha! JK - They're good people!
We now have a humidity affliction image! Thanks Charlie B. "The short springs" affliction is still without representation though.
OMER PICK & ROLL HOLY FUCKING SHIT ARE YOU KIDDING ME ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
hello my sweetheart I'm here ;) and I'm so happy u r too. How r u??? Any news? Love u so much !!
Good they were just some dumb looking practice jersey everything back to normal
Are we all hanging out this weekend? :D
Our conversation is so grand right now.
Nice!! May you have a Blessed day as well :)
I have yet to make a shawl! I better get on that! THanks! :D
Trying to plug in your phone charger in the dark = impossible
Congrats on the ponies! I always believed in your #cstheday powerfulness.
I'm saying HELLO to a car with air conditioning tomorrow. But it's going to be chilly next week
Clothing is a form of self-expression -there are hints about who you are in what you wear.
My phone is on, but I can't get through to you. #WTF?
About the move: Will there be a house cooling party?
Waking up.no button on yo boxers, half asleep, walking around lookin like Gonzo and shit (completely unaware) <<<<< However. Still Priceless
Magic fans! Follow and you could win tickets for tonight's game!
I said it ppl gave me weird looks they told me to shut up
kickball is a mans game.... if your 7.
I guess Goober v. Gomer was too much for some. Much like Lil Kim and Kim Yung Ill. ?? lol
#CabinInTheWoods was excellent! So creative & clever. If you like horror movies, check it out!
completely! Can't sleep!
Finding purpose in the present moment
Guess that little hit-him-in-the-back trick BACK FIRED
Microsoft joining forces with Barnes and Noble. Interesting.
Jeff doesn't need to subscribe to Manchester viewpoints any more than Karin had to for Copleys.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 700. Slowly but surely building my social media presence. Help me reach 700 please! I follow back. :-)
WHO HAS THIS SUNG ON THEIR BDAY??
“ what you got in mind. We talked about a cake and card. But more can be awesome.” Slideshow?
Who's watching the golden globes??
Found out I'm leaving Afghanistan early!! Woo hoo!
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Purchase a Hybrid or HP tan for $11 each! MEMS-ONLY: Buy 2 HY or HP tans for $11 or one week of upgrades for $11!
Life's short, have a party!
New post on Dr. Carr's new blog features ideas about the book I'm finally reading, Alberto Manguel's The Library at Night.
Earth, air, fire, water in balance! - Deborah Vetter
Just realized I have very few real friends, just four, everyone else I'm not too sure about...but at least I'm sure about Jesus loving me!
Yur the real deal Justin. Thanks for rep'n this sport that I love with class and respect! Best!..... now get the flu!
It's hard to believe that Don Draper would be 87 this year!
"Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more." H.W. Dresser
Yay Marty! My puppy was outside too and was shaking when I let him in tonight. He's now snoring in front of the TV. Guess he's ok!
what did Princeston do to you
thanks for the webinar tweet!
Solid show. Look forward to the next one.
Crossfit workout, breakfast & work at Alterra, lunch meeting at the Palms, football with my mentee & friends and 70 & sunny = awesome day!
Wonderful Strategies For Picking The Right Web Design Software ...
It's official Megan is apart of the squad LMFAO
thanks again:) love you<3 hmu!
' Coward Ass Nigga !.
black and white party on saturday Williams place!
A2 Misalignment between business goals and mktg goals. Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
my sisters are with me on this workout challenge and there off to a great start but anyone can join this.
SO true! re: Fenty = analyze & act mayor; Gray = meet & mull mayor!
You don't have to be qualified to help people - just willing to help.
follow happier people.
I called earlier & the gentleman had a hard time telling if 2nd phone was bought. I figured I will wait a few days & call again.
Boo!!! Call me a Commie too.
Bored... don't know what to do now ?!?
I am my most creative, calm & at peace w/ myself after days of meandering quietly through tattered books, quiet trails & baking experiments.
Anyone wanna make plans for the superbowl?
The Avengers 👊 Can. Not. Wait. For the new Batman and Spiderman!!!!!! 😁👍👊
First Hour sucks
When i go to a convo and see i was the last person to talk and got air it slyly discourages me to start the next convo
soon enough!!! Don't be a stranger
get me through this last exam and i can stop giving a fuck about everything
Following The Rhythmic Lounge! Hope you follow back! Just purchased your upcoming issue!
okay good <3
"The great aim of #education is not knowledge, but action." – Herbert Spencer
The only thing that's sure in this world is that LA will tow your car by 4:20 for parking in the anti-gridlock zone
Thank You :) <3
Lees Art Shop Amazing Place, And Few Realize That Theres AToy Store! Read Our Tweets
YOU ADMITTED YOU'RE THE GOD OF ALL RATCHETNESS
financial restructuring attorney opening in Manhattan!!! email for more info: .
Carrot sandwiches and beer. Can't go wrong.
RT feels so heavy now... new resolution, start exercise; go jogging!!! mmpphh...
You know u ugly iz hell when yo weave looks better than yo Face!
walking over to Come visit
What about today? Shopping or creating homemade gifts?
RT : Watched a gal faceplant as she walked out of Twin Peaks.
looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow!
u need to come to this party I'm att NIU omg
wat the faaauuucck… was she talking about ..
I love your tweet pic. You are gorgeous!
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x" omg avocados = <3
Fighting jet lag = Starbucks coffee & first series of Spooks
Great! Wasn't sure, since it said "features" on the submit page.
Following! Check Out #SnapshotBoys At TOPSQUADENT.com! Link Up With Them!
There is no "i" in "team". Unless you have a Hispanic accent and are trying to pronounce the word "Tim".
Get down to Lunar tonight!! Catch myself and upstairs, downstairs!! Don't miss out!!
Seeing friends in a play always inspires me. Thank you.
Ask ESPN why they thought doing Randy Moss blackface was amusing -- even on Halloween?
tweet tweet. :D
I learned that the hard way.
hey Matt, it's been a while; found you on Twitter and wanted to say hello. How are you and then family these days?
So happy 18 pounds down hope it continues yeast free woohooo not bad in 1.5 weeks. Now if my energy would come back. But HAPPY this morning
With over 5,000 local businesses and over 4 million items in its database #NYC area. Taap.it currently available on #iPhone and
23 million veterans in the U S I would like 2 thank all the brave men&women that have protected&served, both past&present Happy Veterans Day
I wasn't quite sure, but now I have to make it soon if there will be Hoveround races!!
shots fired!
Ooh! Yeeeessssssss! Teal'c rules! RT : I can finally confirm: I have been cast in "The Dark Knight Rises".
understanding where u came from & what u went thru to make it, sets up for an electrifying story. You just have to Take Action & Finish
I picked up my new glasses today and have to go to the dentist tomorrow for a cleaning. I wish I could talk to you in person.
Wait...Wilson Phillips has a show? Does everyone have a show? I want a show...
If not for Chalk and Duct tape my Apartment would fall down :)
Rise and grind! Only a few hours until the weekend...let's get it!
UGH I never see any of your finished works!
Santa Margarita High defeats JSerra 8-0. Eagles' top line accounts for 7 of the goals
Thanks for the follows and and for making #SanDiego delicious and stylish!
yea decent guys too jamario moon, AP, damon jones, D marshel.....LOL not even good hole fillers oh yea dont forget Hughs
well drink another one for me
I think scaling is hard in either case.
Professor Demuth is a man of rare intelligence as well as an artist, and he is anything but a crank.
She's not a saint and she's not what you think she's an actress, but she's better know for the things that she does on the mattress.
Typically school districts fund R program, but local businesses, foundations & orgs can to. How can you support #reading & #families?
Okay. followed
: If that's the case then Tommy Bahama has a strong intellectual property claim. I'ma start working the phones.
Don't forget - Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow! $2 off your combo meal!!!
The bae got basketball tryouts tomoro afternoon @ southeastern university hes gonna kill it i pray he mkes the team
If you click "ACCEPT" on a social media site's Terms of Use, did U know U give up more than you think--especially on LinkedIn
I have seen it, but today it was in a business conference!
Employers. Pay your employees their last check. It's their last check for God's sake.
Currently accepting pseudonym suggestions for my unofficial IT role for friends and family
Its like I saw all the fancy lights and couldn't stay away, but what's behind the holograms when all of them lights fade away?
didn't know that...learn something new on Twitter every day! ;-)
CRAP! Ethan sporting sore throat & heavy cough & has "that look" in his eyes - probably too sick to go to family Seder tonight. Bummed.
What about job training initiatives that TIF funds could be utilized to create?
Looks like I missed my chance to go public but my affair with Herman Cain. What a man what a man what a man what a mighty good man.
hey sweetie wow what a lost from the Yankees lol oh boy have a great nite
#worldcupfinal let's go team USA ! Bring it home girls !
o the things i say while improv-lecturing..like today i managed to use the phrase "get it while it's hot" within a mismanaged turnip analogy
I can't wait for the Nick Cage movie Hungry Hungry Hippos.
its called the BMV people!!!
night baby doll.
lol oh my bad. They just broke me lol.
I look forward to meeting you in San Diego. I'm on a panel after your keynote and I'm bringing the beer.
...it actually made me examine what I just read and helped me piece things together. THANK YOU!!
Well it got you to react right? Good or bad. So the commerical had some effect. But if u purposely dont' buy the coffee its bad.
why! R u moving?
no thanks, already got one
We were humbled by your attendance!! Big honor! RT thank you 4 another great Food Court Vegas & the awesome taco
thanks for the help!
So sickening how they blather on the local media in LA how MecheellO is here to open a produce grocery in Inglewood.Doubt that it is organic
“: Hooray made the money! 117.5 points is a lock for the National Championship amirite?” Yes now all in blind
Jay Mohr, Brad in Corona, Vic.
What do you think are the top 3 mistakes entrepreneurs make when asking potential clients questions?
they tried to launch a bomb...
Right . I'm stuckk . My mom trynnna dress me all up in some dress & heels & I'm likee NO -.-
10000 at first break = starting stack = treading water first 3 levels going to 100/200
Get to start my vacation tonight by going home. Yay for family and a shiny, new Galaxy Nexus!
Thanks Joe from for the personalized email today. Appreciate the great customer service!
Kid got bored and stopped halfway through, before putting the wheels on.
"A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner."
make two dreams come true but following me nd 23
I concur RT : Ok so my SIS has got to be one of the most beautiful ppl I know hands down!
Awesome! Thank you! I was all top 40, but my bandmates are converting me to 90's alternative. So we cover that song sometimes <3
Cleaning and organizing office today. Listening to Fu Manchu, Refused, Powerman 5K, Rollins Band, Revolting Cocks, Jawbreaker, Throw Rag.
thank you!!! Xoxo
#3wordsforyou street cold zone
Congratulations TV dad! So proud to be part of the Cowgill TV tree.
...and scorpions are crustaceans! Hahahahahhaha!!!
“: Say a prayer for me tonight.. Definately needing one right now.” love you! :)
Off to the DMV to get my license renewed.
Back in the USA! One more night in Boston
totally my fav earrings ever! The manage to stop people & they tell me how fab they are. Only hurts when I'm on the phone!
Oh, oh, oh! Loved Rita Wilson on today. Her CD sounds great and I will buy it. 60s and 70s cover tunes, oh yeah!
RT : People forget how important it is to be silly. Really.
#Tribe set to smash these Twinkies!
Does that mean anything? Maybe Venus is trying to kill me.
hunter hunting a wild boar !
Should have grabbed Kellen Moore with that pick.
where are the live tweets?? Did Condi give you a Vulcan nerve pinch?
Yes, the hiatus is over, Quinn's Big City is back! Further announcements about the future of the site to come over the next few days.
Its always nice to wake up to a phone call from the police...
Just confirmed: Jen Wood and Alessandra will join the cast of guest singers on Nov 13
Knee, ankle, head, cocktail.
I agree it is pretty exciting! I really think it might be the next wave for connecting print & digital
Haha that would be awesome! :D
...I walked into the wrong one. I'm now committed. :(
I probably don't send about 70% of my tweets that I start to write. How this one made it through I'll never know
Leon Rappolo, Albany "Barney" Bigard, , Charles Ellsworth "Pee Wee" Russell, Bob Wilber
at home watchn kingz of comedy
Seriously. I feel bad for any young voter that buys into crossroadsgeneration's bullshit propaganda.
Now that would be fun :)
At the next Art Drinks, we're giving away a gift certificate to Pantheon Popsicles, makers of gourmet popsicles with local ingredients!
glad she is better enjoy your day today
how could krejci be so bad lately-injury?
“RT : if you are not party, you have not fully experienced ”
just lost a huge pot in this bounty after guy overalls flop with overs pair mining. He hit is pair and I bluffed at it.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you
Rule of thumb: putting text images online that cannot be read will only piss off your users.
Of course we mean JEAN-PAUL...love!
Many around u are mentally frozen from success,which they will try to hold u stuck as they R.Let they ass freeze,while u go afta Wat u want
I'm ready for the weekend
I hope today go by fast at work
Tell Mr.Gruden that the call when the player hit a Saint player was correct since the hit his helmet. Geaux Drew.
great to meet you, as well!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Make the most of every opportunity in these evil days. Don’t act thoughtlessly, but understand...
thanks following you back :)
Ok we're here! Come say hi and pick up a beer and a can grip!
like us and post your pics please
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
pimpin the ripoffreport.com...just a friendly reminder, a good place to start when looking to start doing business with someone new
Should I ask how things are going this morning? Still testing?
Without music, where would we be?
there is no exact release date yet. As SOON as we have that information we will release it. And we should be there this year!
If like bocce you"ll love skeeball.. league starts JAN 2012 in canton
I'm going to enjoy watching the right wing do the full meltdown.
Montell Williams is nuts. N
Of course the second I step outside with straight hair it starts raining
macaroni pretty tony
no I want you to go!
Thanks! Much appreciation from the 's alter-ego! :)
thanks love all late n shit lolz
Very true keep up the great work ! Why you still wake ? RT : At Least Imma Good Role Model =)
Its barely 6am and we're watching Barbie Christmas Carol with a sick Serie. Its going to be a long 4 day weekend.
Out shopping the store is so empty
Just ordered 's new book on social media and #custserv. Can't WAIT to read it!
One more busy day doing things that need to get done then I can relax and focus on my art =) yay
Ever hit a creative wall? I couldn't make anything for days but I'm back to normal now. Glad that's over!
Yesterday was a 9 but today is totally shaping up to be a born loser day. And that was all by 8:30 a.m!
#HERESTOALL Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once.
If this person were from the South, maybe I could get past it...
Babbbyyy you light up my world like nobody else! <3
good to hear (:
james is kursed...south beach lookin shaky baby
What a beautiful day. Thank you JESUS!
them scream at me for ever then here them say they're ashamed of me..... I have no fucking choice.
let's do it fo sho'!!
Celebratin St. Patty's Day by celebrating my niece Sophie's 2nd bday! Looks like it'll be green koolaid instead of green beer this year :)
I am quite sure I didn't win the lotto, but if I did, to hell with all you little people.
I know I was stretching the #OpenAccess tag on that last post, but it's kind-of related, and totally relevant news.
Welcome to twitter Matt. Glad James followed up with you about , sorry been swamped! Catch up soon. Attending #SXSW?
You had me at hello....
Can you please follow me? I'm I'm one of your biggest fans :D
The whole state is on suicide watch.
Make sure to catch the 5 o'clock news on for a special on the Philipson Group's recent work with
Headed to It's gonna be my last #DCFBHH for a little while.
Fennimore pitcher Evan Friesen helps his own cause with a long double to left-center field to lead off Eagles third inning.
Finally got cable!
Whenever I download a Mac security update, I risk losing the ability to connect to AirPennNet. Who should I be angry with?
Gotta see battleship just bcuz Rihanna in it.
my fone still off!
Agreed. Take the world but give me Jesus is the best.
We dont see u keep following me
MF Global Just Got Cut To Junk Status By Fitch, And Everyone's Weighing In On Who Will Buy The Firm via
I need some #reviews on #VolcanoGirl -- any #comic #fans #bloggers that want to see the movie and give it a review??
The Wanted Emcees..!! It's Less than 2 hours until the official release of "Wanted the Illist" Dont Stop, Get it, Get it!!
<i followed him
Girls with braces are HOT!
lmao! so true!
Also, I'm in love with Tyrion Lannister...or maybe it's Peter Dinklage. Long live the imp!
some sins even the fruit of the gods cannot wash away...
It is possible to click "like" because you want to see what is being posted, not because you actually "like" it.
A5 Continuous monitoring-every intermediate marketing outcome metric should be validated against cash flow drivers
RT : Carnitas Tacos from 's terrific book Mexican Street Food: in my column in 2day's
What time is it
Well Monsieur Mahmoud just watched me karaoke "let's get it on"....
me to. K bye.
Geothermal energy could supply mankind with power for 13,500 years
his K/9 was crazy last year, I will give you that
Good Morning, #Chicago! Tell us how you're celebrating the weekend!
Greetings from a fellow Cubs/Packers fan. We're a unique breed! Catching any spring training this year?
Plus Go fuck yourself ! Grab a strap n bang yourself.
Another day another bout
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
I had a dream last night there was an In n Out burger in Waukesha. It was a great dream.
SGOTY ON THE WAY! January 13th! lots coming up in 2010...tonight come party Saturday style with Vegas' Finest!
What are you writing?
Doors open in one hour- 6pm- for Acquire the Fire! Legacy on west Central ABQ.
Shoutout To My New Followers -
I thought the same thing, it was so ridiculous it had to be a joke, right? Apparently it's not.
... Fuckin cock licks lol its ight i love yall but maybe a sovenier from a gas station sumtin funny from another state !
RT : Home Depot to move Phoenix distribution operations to Riverside: Home Depot Inc. is closing distribution cente......
That was an awesome nap :)
you're gonna make your breakfast soggy
Well that was a fun pick-me-up this afternoon
Shooting music video for "Long Island's Dead" soon!
One step away from disconnecting you from my life.
I never trust a dog to watch my food and I like to use the word "Dude" as a noun or an adverb or an adjective.
some girls r wishing for a love story & im out there living one <3
Jury votes 148-41 to rescind the writ of Cherem against Baruch Spinoza.
I'm surprised it took that long.
This year I'm remembering to bring my own coffee mug to Midwinter.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
i can do this
Big love to all who made tonight fun!
The new Canon 4K cameras are slick.
happy belated birthday young man!
yeah but you get as much Crispin Cider as you want. So you're in.
the fact that these refs have endorsed the flop takes away from the integrity of the game.
And why was i expelled?I killed the principals dog.ON ACCIDENT.And i also brought a deadly weapon to school. apparently a stapler is deadly
let's not worry about what they ain't doing for you... worry about what you ain't doing for yourself.
Stupid state champ 
About to be in Waco! Thinking of you ah sic em bears.
Nap time .
BAND BOYS AND BABIES. CAN'T TAKE IT. I CAN'T.
I once told someone my New Year's resolution was to "submit more"; it took me a minute to understand why they were laughing so hard.
Now and then i think of when we were together.
there definitely are some loonies up there.
What part of the country is Funkytown in and is this a good time of year to go?
Going to the Gym :)
Z RT : ICE CREAM CONVERSATIONS. THEY ALL WANT THE SCOOP
were just too cooll.. :)
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they understand media and have a global view!
My actions say I believe you... But not my heart .
“: On mining bill: "...motivation to not allow a potential success for Governor Walker appears to be what really killed the bill."
YOGA with Carolyn tomorrow (Saturday) at 8:30am AND rip:60 Suspension Training with Nik from 10:30-11:30am. Both at Accolade Fitness...
