text me 😘
thanks!!! I'm pretty darn excited about it!
Free download THE LOCAL NOBODIES AP
Say a good luck prayer for our Columbus 48 Hour Film to be in the 2011 Best Of Show in September :) Believe!!!!
I hate when I accidentally delete a shortcut from my phone's home screen and I can't figure out what's missing.
America is not done...because God is not done with America.
And while I'm at it, "armchair revolutionaries" are some of the worst kinds of cowards and hypocrites; I want nothing of them.
My friends have no idea how much I enjoy watching them get divorced.
No answer at the door of the apartment where missing woman Brittany Killgore lives. Expecting her husband to arrive home from Afghanistan.
#TarotDay Wednesday: Mercury, Magician in #tarot. A day for successful magick, causing change in conformity with will. Make a decision. Do.
Twisting tonight at Chilis Restaurant Wilmington, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Kids eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
Not National - Not International - but Inter-Galactic Happy Star Wars Day . . may the forece be with you.
Tourists. Tourists everywhere.
Get your dates straight! Moving day was in march! Jan moving day... Make sure you don't forget your pashminas!! Xoxo
i never know what to say when people ask me what im doing cause im never doing shit. e v e r.
Happy 4th of July!!!!!!
you would like the sissy reds.
Don't be fooled by your emptiness.<3
HOW IS EVERYONES NIGHT?
Ok, I get a bonus! Listened!! haha, this all went over my head!
“: Wud it b healthy 2 text someone: "remember back when u cared if I lived or died?"" sure
#M3Logic offers instant rekeying – regain security immediately
yes please try to talk sense about city's budget. We need our firefighters and medics in the city
Google Voice has interpreted "eric john rettberg" in US Airways's repeated flight cancellation msgs as "Action Redbird." Call me this.
good job!
of course!! :P
Oh Don Piano. Why I eye's ya. All the live long day.
it is so cool to see you on twitter world :)
Congrats on the campaign! Thanks for the great advice. --D+M
counting down the days until November
Did anyone make it out to see our 2012 Student Advisory Committee's Presentation yesterday? They inspired the whole room! Great job you all!
how was the race?
So many of the essays in the American Intellectual Tradition are reprinted from The Atlantic. Interesting.
After my round yesterday I totally understand why the people who invented Golf also invented Scotch. #numbersgothathigh?
I'm so close to 100 followers! Will you help me get there? I pay back in gummi bears and reese's pieces. RT, please? :)
Good time for Alex to be a hero
Getting ready to give away the iPad2 at booth 2901
but on the bright side, i only have a little more than two weeks left till summer
I have a question...can I dress you up in my love? And if I do will you get arrested for public indecency?
Pre-book your #VIP experience to get FREE COVER & LINE SKIP added on for your whole group! Text "VIP" to 414.335.9569 to get pricing & book
You don't manage complexity by giving it all at once. You manage it through give and take --
Friday the 13th is the one day of the year I can flail my machete without getting odd looks on the street.
till you get drunk!
Where's when I need my back cracked? Florida. Of course.
WooHoo nice shot!!! \m/
Cooking tip: Just add more butter.
ha, debatable. :)
so far we've gotten great feedback, glad to hear you enjoyed it!
heyy guys what's up!!
coming along nicely - evolving daily. Coming for a visit anytime soon? Would be great to see you here.
too many of the long people listening. Why didn't I see you at taboo on Tuesday.
Every last word, every single thing you say try to stop me now but it's already too late If you really don't care then say it to my face
when will you be in town?
Its the Awake season finally and the cable just went out due to the thunderstorm. My mom is officially having a meltdown.
hmm ... funny, not mentioned are the two wars started by gwb. how you think that figures in the charting?
... you're getting spammed ... hard
Had a great day of practice at Madera Speedway in CA! Car is good, crew is happy, and I'm Looking forward to what tomorrow brings! :)
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I PEEPS EVERYTHING ,
thanks for hooking us up. Super excited!
The weather's nice.
Thanks D. Great to meet you too! Have a positive day!
So I'm just going to call it. Romney is a sociopath. That's never been said before, right?
“: Shewww. Being a mom is hard.” [indeed it is thank goodness you have ] lol
don't carry them cos publishers and vendors make it that way.
Lmao, calm down, calm down :P it's only a game ;) i've just been watching liverpool play :) xx
Im extra huff with twitter
I wish I would've been there to celebrate with you!!! I'm sure you both enjoyed yourselves and had a great Bday!!!
Pickup Line: Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours
my head and eyes hurt. going to call it a night. goodnight world and God Bless<3
San Francisco tomorrow! Getting a little excited...will be just an overnight trip, but looking forward to it!
yes!!! I was so hoping this would be broccoli.
"I'm not about caring, I'm about winning" - "Suits" season 1
Once you go black, you never go back. And, once you go white, everybody else is wack.
like where at though?
AHAHAH I LAUGHED SO HARD "DIRTY MEXICAN" HAHHAHAHHA
Great job , from #Minneapolis! We can't wait to start growing too!
If a lady can marry the freaking Eiffel Tower I still don't get why 2 dudes can't do the same?
So what's the deal? Why are & btl beer prices some of the highest in Chicago?
Happy Mothers day(:
Extended? Yup. COBB, Featuring a talented cast of 4 including our very own Daniel Sykes, last seen as Lorenzo in our Merchant.
Chen is funny! Keep throwing to first.
i have to say panda express tottally numbed my heartachee! lol
we'd like to share ideas sometime. If you're DC local, we have an Education Innovation Forum next Tues, 5/8. Check our web for RSVP
It's official: my CGM magic upload wand is MIA. I'm panicking!
Iswear I fucking LOVE isabel so much!!!! ♥ gawdd, imma miss her so much! Lmaooo☺ she always finds a way to keep me up & going ♥♥♥♥♥♥
La Rabida Children's Hospital () plans to build a 13k sq ft outpatient clinic with 18 exam rooms.
Spent the day #outside with the #kids & hubby.
Thanks for including us in your Living ABQ daily!
did she cut your sister's hair - it's adorable
What importance do albums play for both creators or consumers of music these days? Have they lost out to downloading individual songs?
then don't breathe
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff <- they do not reply to your texts or answer your calls, & if you really made them mad - they'll send calls to VM
Keeping Up With The Kardashains Fantasy Factory or Jersey shore !!
He is nice.
.. Wendys sounds god (: BUT.. Do you go to Subway anymore? D:
If I'm smiling at the ground, that means I really like you! ._____.
Despres in the Box for Saint John with a slash on Brodeur, #maineiacs on the power play....SJ lucky that wasn't a penalty shot.
be back for game time
Shout out to for making traffic bearable with this crazy pill mix! Keep killing it Jude!
That kill just might get our president another four years....
Save this tweet; it is very handy. Works for all values of "it." RT I am not tweeting anything about it.
don't sound so surprised! lol and thank you
you're the second person this week to think that. Marriage is for pussys
and then ur sis called the house and I knew it was her and I was all who is this the hooker of the fam so she hung up
yeah buddy! Thanks for the spins. When is the vinyl? Luv u.
It was an intro to Black Studies course.
Does a human mission to Mars have to be paid for by USA tax payers? NO. In 2011 there are others ways of paying for this program
Good words - thanks!
you are truly an inspiration! Thanks and proud to be a fellow w/
- happy customer I am: amazing dishes. Superb Pho. Love your place and recommend that my friends check it out. A+
im going to change it once and a while
Maybe if all of San Jose yells GO SHARKS at the same time they'll hear us in Chicago? 1.... 2... 3...
What am I suppose to do with my night?!
Reed Between The Lines was #wronglyconvicted!! What a shame here in NH!! #RIP Kassidy Bortner. #Justice is on its way!!
so so so stressed 😣
I don't think you have any idea how much I worry when don't tell me things.
i have a weird energy tonight, just gettin in the booth and having those perfect takes. Gotta take advantage
I went public with problem, so I gotta go public with praise. Thx Network Solutions for quick response time.
This one hurts Hawks!!
to be fearless, you have to be ignorant and stupid, like me.
Not, I think, a great loss to the neighbourhood. … What are you doing in the Have?
So I heard that new Madonna song again. Perhaps I judged her too harshly. I mean, she is pretty talented for a cadaver.
Hahaha RT : I just looked at an ad for Ensure and thought to myself "Wow! That sure looks refreshing!"
Rudolf is excellent. Viggo Mortensen/Clint Eastwoodish. And that whole who-am-I role is wicked hard.
I JUST walked by that monk. I work on that corner. Narrowly avoided him.
On our way! Is there room on the patio? cc:
I wanna lay out so bad 
Allow your mind to be open and free
Wouldn't mind another Back to Basics album either from Christina.
Horrible tourist karaoke is amazing. I feel like I'm at Napoleon Dynamite's house.
The last couple of nights I don't think I've really "slept", per se. More laid down with my eyes closed.
Jenkins is a bust. Pure and simple. Give up now.
“: I don't kno what that means lol but I did too!!!” I meant you blowing up My twitter feed. Lol
Big #sales week starts tomorrow; who's ready?
not too sure bout the burgh tonight? We will def have to get together soon tho!! Inbox me your number so we can make plans soon!
Anywhere where we could do that. And also, where they have the telecoms xD
I see you were in Ca at one time in Sac. I used to live an hr south in Modesto..small world.
everything koolin ova here shorty , wuz good with you ?
Thanks so much! That's a really important project, and we can't wait to see the finished project.
What does everybody think about the new #seahawks uniforms?
3 months exactly. Time flies but seems to stand still.
Why did the ghost take his family on an elevator ride every day?
we left our umbrellas! Get them!
I always get tha last laugh!!
....And yet another announcement! We are opening a INDOOR DOG PARK!!!! The indoor dog park will be open by the end of January!
I'm digging Sting too.
I hope the orioles don't fuck up later and win the wildcard
Glad to hear that the Susan G Komen Foundation reversed their decision & Planned Parenthood gives many women access to healthcare they need
Probably! But it'll all depend on numbers. We're asking BootCamp applicants to indicate interest in a primary track.
Everything cool with ya
Hate to see ya coming up, niggas got it fucked up..
I really REALLY hate jimmie johnson. How is it he's won ANOTHER race yet Jr still hasn't won a race since like 1905?!
About to talk to Jason Suchomel of Orangebloods.com about #longhorns recruiting. Listen live: espnaustin.com
Had an awesome time touring #zappos today! Amazing #culture! Thanks #kwri for an awesome masterminds bonus!
why is somebody all the sudden the Good Samaritan of twitter on the funniest hashtags?
Excellent. And then the fun begins.
When my beat drop, I make your girl #ah (;
Thanks and for the great panel -- so excited that I'll be in your Digital Pedagogy course at #DHSI this summer!
lol i cant even do mines lmaooo.
oh hey I magically appeared on my couch with my tv on with my phone and my backpack across the room closed. Oops.
Complex math. Are my shares of AAPL profits worth more than higher corporate and lower personal taxes?
ur icons r outstandingly great and Vic uses them which makes u even more greater
seats 1 , 2 , 3 etc are the ones RIGHT in the center of the stage so itlll be amazing
Me neither, well other than my best friend.. Do you know a girl named Kaitlin Keene?
Got an A on my science paper...yay oan: I'm having a great day. Thank you Lord.
memorable as in I took like almost all of the classes she taught lol
Sweetness. Let 'er rip!
Absolutely! Be personable, yet knowledgeable.
eh... After my JoBros jam out this morning, I'm not feeling
Does anyone have a chart comparing #SACS and #ACCSC accreditation/application requirements?
so if I meet you and randomly start playing with your hair, you wouldn't mind?(;
u so sexy
It took almost every part of me not say "bullshit" live on the radio.
Cold beer and step 1 started on fixing this lawn! Productive night overall!
crashed while saving has to be one of the most awesome things photoshop has done for me. (it was a sprite with 10 buttons / rollovers).
at home
A STAR for BOOK OF MADNESS AND CURES in LJ "O’Melveny has written a compelling drama with a strong female lead. The writing is superb,...
Cranky at its finnest right here. Someone.bring me flowers chocolate. A bed. Chocolate. Lots of it. And a soapy love movie.
Auto correct iz a bitch. A bitch nigga to be precise.
I learned that in the old Japanese culture everyone celebrated their birthday on New Years day.
Look, I came here for an argument ..
RT bumper sticker in the National Library of Medicine parking lot: "The truth is out there, it's just not well-indexed."
I'm fighting the urge to get a new tattoo
I absolutely agree. You'll never grow if you don't break out of the soil first.
Brunch at Harlem tavern today with my trio. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood 12-4.
Honesty is the chapter one in the book of love- InSpotter mobile app
WELL I AM ABOUT TO TAKE THIS ROAD TRIP
i can sing to you some more rihanna when you get home :)))) please dont stop the music
haha, yk that would mean we'd all have to match, and I have to get too corsages.
I just earned the Meathead badge on #Yelp!
LAKE for sure. Its what ur known by
my boy Todd Frazier deserves this more than anything - don't understand why this has happened twice now - you hit, you play - which he DID
= flawless voice
haha, yeah, he was definitely entertaining. It's interesting how much character you can add to your dancing that way
We are celebrating our 50th anniversary. Get a discount on all stock plans during the month of October. Check us out: www.danze-davis.com
Have you voted yet? You know if you were up for an award. We would vote for you.
#Rangers get bodies in front of the net and Braden Holtby gets beat. #Bruins should have used that strategy more..
It's about time. Hoping this will mark a turning point for the players, fans, and franchise. Let's move on, work harder, and let's go #Jags!
that sounds like a perfect #lunch!
So didn't come to school today. I'm never going to buy her a breakfest sandwich and arizona again
The Dubuc Family has been part of NSTAR's Walk for 7 years. They walk for Matty, who lost his fight to cancer. Read why: bit.ly/iLubiS
Pep rally was awesome!!!! Homecoming game tonight :D
I LOVE those cupcake punches!
lmfao don't be mad at me
it wont be that bad, just keep yourself busy
The only thing stopping our annual trip to Jazzfest is the exciting arrival of our first child in April! Can't wait for 2013!
": ... Can u delete the last one" Just making sure are reading them. Deleted.
Thanks girl! Yes you did! :D
Thanks to our peeps !
At rehearsal freezing... Oh well.
Having the most awkward moment of your life <<<<<
I'm from Madison and my Mom works for the state.. You gotta be crazy. You don't even know why you "like" walker.
When someone says they need somethin for 30 min and u have to wait 2hrs for it
lol yea get it we can be hello kitty twins >:D
girl be standing beside me right now!
You can contact your campus LiveText Coordinator, Dr. Vaughan, for the link. I do hope this has been helpful to you.
i gotta go bob just called me and where going 2 the movies:D later twitter
Oh thats hard, Hmm Family Guy! No Simpsons... Ah shoot idk
if yall find a way to air da playoff game in that spot I'm in.
i hesitate to call #yahoo "winning"
The next five Virginia-class attack submarines will be named after Illinois, Washington, Colorado, Indiana, and South Dakota.
can't forget the bruthaz in the bing.Straight stuntin and commissary is very necessary!!
Thanks, we're looking into it! Noticed its happening on Firefox also.
Oh okay lol!!!
Isn't it funny how, the people who text you, are the people you DON'T want to hear from, and the ones you want to hear from DON'T text ya !
Pad Practice: Work on Singles, Doubles, Diddles, Flams, Drags & Buzz Strokes today on the pad while doing something else like TV.
OH in South MKE: "Could you write me out the www?" Took me everything not to laugh.
REMINDER: attendees under 18 print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com & bring it signed by a parent or guardian OR have them sign you in!
Make it three
RT 6-day weekend was awesome. Back to the swing of things. Work, caring about my diet again, exercise. Yep.
I don't care what happens, I'm happy :)
Lee Vining is blustery. Bridgeport is for sale. Bodie is strangely tranquil. The despedida continues...
Rad!! People in NYC get confused that NY goes up that far. I was in Brooklyn this last weekend. Good times.
My bday party did numbers last night what a night thanks to all that celebrated with me both days and those who didn't your lost lol!
Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend! Anyone else have a hard time waking up this morning??
how about we just teach girls confidence!
#1FactAboutMe I just want to be loved.......
Thx 4 the follow, Looks like you'll be fun to follow, 2, so I'm on it!
Hello May ! Last month of school 
St. Patty's Day is Thursday! Are you going to wear green???? LOL ;) :) :) :) Happy Early St. Patty Day! <3 <3 <3 <3
you're welcome <3 & will do (:
Lmfao! RT EAT SO MUCH JENNY CRAIG TRY TO FIND ME
I hate feeling useless.
Don't let the weather dictate your mood! Happy Friday everyone :)
Friday iz gone b a wonderfull day!..
Don't forget that we are closed for lunch today. We will reopen at 3pm for happy hour.
Hey, come by the AccelerEyes exhibit tomorrow! We'd love to meet you :)
u kno I'm a crybaby, I almost cried lol
#FF One of my favourites because she has the #GUTS to says what she wants ... follow ... 'The Exes' is back in June! :)
Can't wait! MT #ParksandRec is back April 19th!
when is the test
That's hilarious. RT : My mom asked why would anybody want to join Iota Phi Theta? Haha. Good question momma
lacey is so sad tht she is gonna take a chair in to the shower ????? STRANGE MUCH ?? nah i would do the same lol
Brad Penny is about to take the mound at Comerica Park, could this be his last start as a Detroit Tiger?
Do you still think about me?
Oscar Week sale! T-shirts for $5, discounted concessions and posters on sale; 1 for $3, 2 for $5 and 5 for $10 while they last
I will never acknowledge the actual amount of time I've spent standing outside empty bathrooms because I pulled the door the wrong way.
I love how everyone decided to follow me while I was taking a test. My phone just keep going off.
There may be many fish in the sea....but there's only that one fish you always catch.
Baby its cold outside!
Stack em' high 's Kitchen for new Saturday pancake socials where chefs griddle your pancakes & you top with gourmet toppings
pretty sure you meant "unforrow"
“It would be rude not to eat her pie, which I assume is not only hot but also moist, although hopefully not flaky.” - Archer
trying out twttier from google wave sandbox
Hadn't eaten prosciutto in front of the pup 'til this morning. OH MY GOD. I think we have a Marie Prevost situation on our hands.
Just earned my 2nd ticket from BP. Too many fill-ups :(
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
yes because it is your hips that go side to side
"We are here. That is enough. For today." ~a Brazilian artist at 3am sitting in the middle of the Bolivian salt flats
the whole heavyweight division is a joke! Mayweather fight next week should be much better!
I'm not putting the soul in Soulfege today
Have any fun plans for Spring Break? What five things can you not leave home without?
Craft shows over, new year a coming, business is good thank you albuquerque for all that we have recieved. We look forward to 2010
i want it too say 'i love you(:'
start who?romo or cam?
RIP to Chuck Brown, he was just on my mind last night. He will always be known as the Godfather of
Thanks to all of those who came out tonight.
Just ordered my first legal beer!
captains don't make excuses
Civilian Review Board (2) the genesis was an ugly brawl between a black citizen and white cop ends up with the officer dead. What happened?
I don't know what's going around but it sucks majorly!
I kinda liked the dip into the "realness" of tripping on the last Mad Men. And I continue to think Peggy is me, in time-warp.
ha! After looking at all these old photos I wanna host a party again! :
“A man's true delight is to do the things he was made for.” ~ Marcus Aurelius
Holga or Diana?
ash lacquer...so it's very dark and goes well with everything.
looks like you've returned from Austin. Thinking I need a rundown on events and we both need a beer. Next week?
-and he wanted a piece with where we put on our smart-hats and talk about the intersections.
There is no better backdrop for a Bowl game than the San Gabriel Mountains. Stunning.
youre not a terrible person, you're just normal. Everyone makes mistakes! <3
I'm not too keen on Death Cab For Cutie, but that one sad song they have about the girl or whatever is pretty good, I guess.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bestfriend <3333
Nice. I so wanted to go to that, but had a conflicting appointment.
Do you dream in color or black & white ? hm
Your moms should have taught you better. It's not "Christian" or "conservative" to call people names or to deny health coverage.
That sounds like a wonderful day you've got planned, Stephane! Where are you shopping today?
love never seems to be enough...
Billboard Ready quote right here.....
lets go to black market tomorrow! =)))
another unanswerable question: are teens more narcissistic and more indifferent to privacy than in the past?
excited to see haven't seen you in forever....
Outstanding - "Alone" - article in 2/9 issue by TS Eliot winner John Burnside, showing difference of alone versus hiding.
Glad you like it! :-)
Want to Heat things up a Bit? Add some Spice to your life and Come in tonight at 8:30 for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class!
RT : Just got home from Incredible Pizza I had fun today
the meeting is over at 8:30.
Dear they are singing Africa by toto. I am disappointed
Welcome to Boston to celebrate with us!
You don't need to bring a partner—you'll hopefully make new friends in this class! Arlington, VA 22206
they're ok.
hell if I know haha
": I'm forever wanting a massage."
“: i know! Thank God I already know what happens... But I am such a PUNK right now! Lol”>>>lol ditto!
Had a great class this week. Love teaching and learning from the students. Student felt so empowered with info- great feeling!
Yeah bitch, yeah biatch call me steve o!
I #love the M+M commercials, they always make me chuckle :D
Nothing really lol you?
Listening to Dorinda Clark and Twinkie Clark "God Will Take Care of You" my mother would sing that song.
Hahahahaha! I love this! I love you girls!
Glad you're excited about #GH! Please give Liz some hot romance - we've been waiting for years!!
I cant believe you got into that dickament.
yeah, it's terrible. I'm in NY and I bought it off a guy in Sweden so the time difference makes contacting him hard too.
I know I was hoping they would in 6.
thank you for that friend :D means so much. i hope you're having a happy friday!
Big S/O to Atlanta's best engineers! and
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves
unreal. Im praying for u.
DNR fish pond. Always captivating!
in fact...i've seen it...lol
Phil Schaap is my spirit eagle
so we got a ton of work done yesterday, it's starting to really come together. THANKS GUYS! The opening day is in six days.... WOAH!
Great day all around...!
told me to break a leg last week for my audition. I was thrilled. She is so pretty! I think I'm in love. Don't tell my wife!
I'm stevie wonderful I can't even see the haters lol
As an OnPoint member, you can use ATMs at our branches, most other CUs (on the CO-OP & MoneyPass networks,) US Banks and 7-11s for FREE.
That sounds great! RT: We have 1 ticket left to sponsor, If you girls are down we would be happy to sponsor for
what part of town? it's a big place!
Fuck. I'm high & tipsy.
Past Campus Superstar contestant Courtney Bassett stars in ! and we think thats worth tweeting about!
it was in a post you tweeted. Tool that will unfollow inactive and spam accounts and suggest new people to follow.
Listening to music while trying to get some schoolwork done.."/ not going to well "/ but I enjoy the music, always something =P
I hope the Nuggets crush Kobe and the Lakers
I love you to mom aha (:
I got a bad feeling about this.
what's with them? it's like they're The Man or something. looking forward to learning more about what you found on your trip!
who old are u 17?
WI GOP voters are sheep vying to be first in line to be slaughtered. They just don't know it yet.
good. Sounds like a plan
this dude sings strange fruit and its cool and stuff.
For the word of the LORD is upright, and all His work is done in faithfulness. Psalm 33:4
Lovecraft slowed me down on my New Year's Resolution, but I just finished April's book, *Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy*.
Some people think the only actors in are the 3 leads & all others are real townspeople. It's a mix. Good casting, Beth Sepko
Thanks 4 figuring that out! 12 time zones apart. Appreciate finding a new Rotarian who tweets!
Happy Friday Chicago! Rainy day, but at least its warm out:) Call 773-561-4444 if you need a cab in the city and 847-303-0303 in the burbs!
follow me follow me
My buddy literally went downtown to fit with a wrist brace after getting out of his hard cast. Pretty cool.
Can't wait for the #Social46 to be assembled. Indianapolis is producing the Most Connected Super Bowl Ever!
Thanks Michele! RT : I'm totally in love with your journals with a higher purpose. AWESOME product!
Big THANKs to the folks for the Pad & Quill iPad case. It'll definitely help keep the iPad safe in the saddle bags. Cheers
Brooks will face grilling from Leveson inquiry
Consider that my last piece of advice.
ARMY: It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed
Excellent advice: MT Think of #tweetyourthesis thus: 1 min in elevator w/ funder/dept chair/pub. How do you pitch your work?
It will also lower your IQ a good 15-20 points.
Loving someone who doesn't love you is like waiting for a ship at the airport.
too early to get excited about pitt. steelers were 6-2 and super bowl bound at one point this year...
what happened this time? Lol
not sure if we can help- what do you need?
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Went to coldstones, had starbucks went to walgreens got a big bag of candy, got in a shopping cart outside :D
aw thanks, but it's true.
WTH is up with the replay systems in GB & AZ?
softball time! ice will prob be moved from my ass to my arm tonight, I'm falling apart
yup. Time to take back control of the ticket markets.
oh that is awesome! It's storming like crazy here so no super moon for Austin. :(
That awkward moment a kid wants to watch your favorite movie but you know how inappropriate it is!!
Are the rangers sending that lineup out there today ?
Kansas City we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Oops. Way to GO Mississippi!
Always embrace laughter when it comes...humor will have your back
True for purpose of seeding; I was asking in terms of winning percentage.
hahah! We are working on them right now actually!
then I think "Little Evil" should take the 25 then!!!
I'm praying for you too lil sis! Go to moms & let the baby enjoy his 1st Easter w/his granny, great granny, grandpa, etc. (FAMILY)
haha. Paid in Full
TOMORROW NIGHT THE TRUCKS WILL BE AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK CASINO. Don't forget to check out
OMG that's best song ever, well besides skinny dippin
Watching "Ghost Adventures" :)
Andrew Luck Reports to Indianapolis Colts Rookie Minicamp: Fan&#39;s Take
love all you guys times infinity
Someone please text me and keep me awake at work today, I'm failing at staying awake.
Avicii should be solid tomorrow night
I know! I saw u bait the hook! I thought u were nuts at first until I saw the pole almost fly out of your hand!
Lol! CAPS ;D
I just got of of giving a tech class to #early ed teacher. I'm glad I made it
I just want to know how you guys are promoting your online business besides twitter. skype me to tell me more ID gotthetrick later guys
i like their layout: www.lenta.ru
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
why are you two so cute?
Some friends are just not worth keeping!
I hate the word "relatable"
ESPN...You call the SPURS old yet their avg. age is 28...do your homework before dismissing the winningest team in ALL OF SPORTS since 2000
RT Remember, if you’re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns!
it's nothing lol just annoying people. Don't worry bestfriend (: it's good now
Don't sacrifice your well-being to run a business. Actually don't sacrifice your well-being for anything!
Can't force what's not meant to be. *shrugs*
Just heard from one team that the promotion ceremony at #kiddieacademy in #fishers went off w/out a hitch! Congrats, ninjas!
lol nvm I'm slow. Hahah u were referring to me collecting applications for new bff's weren't u? LOL.
(continuing) when I return from my trip...lol
I havent "smashed" any of my followers .
It's not attractive when a female is needy.
I don't mind being alone...But I hate feeling alone...
More southsde DB #PINKMOSCATO luv, Torrence Liquors, Matteson Liquors and Cardinal Country Club Hills! Thanks, All around. Stop in get some!
so u said forget today huh? U sho rite cordae lol
aww thanks so much!! :) ps I miss you!
It's go-time for all the Early Birds out there. Don't miss our awesome deal of $5 fish & half-priced steaks - NOW until 6!
Um . . . yes. RT “Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?”―A.A. Milne, born January 18, 1882
Ctahncnab, thanks for following!
A home is a place where you can dream!
Ashley Gone LEARN Though .
Im glad I love myself and know myself enough to not really let people gey under my skin, the only person who can really do that is my mom!
How did your upgrade to Moodle 2.2 go? We are doing the same at the end of summer.
Great pic - how is everything?
Nights like this I'm so glad I pay a bit more to have my car in the underground garage.
Oh no! Well we could teach you ; ) M Headcheese!
ewwwwwwww no snakes please
there was the day i married my wife, the day i had both of my kids and then the day i saw the Refused in NY.
ill be your valentinee (:
LOL I need to sleep
Got my 1st tech today. Reporter asked me if i was trying to spark my girls. No, but i learned refs dont like being called out in a quiet gym
how soon r u home
Did she really just pick the 'Shockers" to win it all
This NYTimes article on the attrition of STEM majors makes me want to write a rebuttal showing what I did to stay an engineer. You have to …
What is the worse thing a human being can experience? The worse thing to have to deal with? A broken heart is at the top of my list.
Can't wait till new Country recording artist Thorne Avery's debut album releases. www.t
I did know about on Twitter, thanks.
Hello summer. Fuck yeah!
yay! we can't wait to see you too :) RT Stoked to see yall on Friday!!!
Boy O Boy Life Is Complicated
I wonder...MT Are e-reading devices fueling the reading habit or is the habit fueling the acquisition of devices?
Time to shine up that pole, 4 days 'til Festivus.
Can not believe this clippers game is close. What the hell happened, I guess go
I'm trying to find some Brown for the game tonight.
when you gon be ready?
Naval Open Source INTelligence: Top NATO official defends ...
Not the old man part... the finishing!
Am I the only person that see a possible Super Bowl matchup between the Baltimore Ravens & Green Bay Packers?
Fight Club with the wife of
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
“: Congratulations Don! What an honor....well done for sure! #” // Thanks!!! Now on to selling the next book!
Good pick! Loved Hugo!
hahaha i love you
Wow..... that's ridiculous.
that garbage is too easy. it says whatever a person wants to hear. if u look for problem guess what ul find? looking 4 love? well whatever
i work at bullshit dennys where everything is not wonderful :-) and sure whenever i see you. what kind?
50 bucks says I fall asleep on my break at work today lol!
Have you just bought a "fixer upper" house for a bargain price? I can show you how to fix'er up without giving up all the money you saved
then she said she was worried because he was talking non stop and not responding to her questions...asked him if he hit his head...
Why were you not lobbying for National Grilled Cheese Day to be other than during #Passover??
THE READY SET! Amazing .
Thanks for following & Welcome!!
thank you for the well wishes! I look at the move as a new chapter of my life :-) oh the suspense!
DeSoto's Harris: There are still tough decisions to make on cuts. Nothing easy next year.
#HungerGames!!!!!1 Are you going tonight?
Great! See you then. You can use on of our new farm tables!
What's scary is how many of our "representatives" just don't care about women and their rights, or even logic & facts.
Another day....another demon.
big thanks to all our new followers...slow growth is still progress!
Oakland just isn't what it used to be..
I totally want to go on #FearFactor!! I bet I could AT LEAST get half way! Lol.
would understand situation. Stinks if he played his last game in GB, but even DD knows it is a possibility.
Amazing weekend at the OSC now onto the Congress www.miamisalsacongress.com
so excited for this-->RT : Tonight is my favorite ONCE ep for Emma so far! And Sebastian Stan is amazing as the mad hatter!
As a developer, how do you respect privacy without breaking the bank? A: make mistakes, hit it big #path style & fix later
Hieber’s can compound 40% Urea ointment for effective and pain free nail removal – call 412-681-6400 today!
Had not. Funny stuff. I might offer a "Down 3-0 in the First Inning? No Problem!" panel. Go, Johan.
Infineon will no longer be the sponsor of the 'Sonoma Raceway' - formally known as Infineon Raceway. #rename #vroom!
Still mourning 101st Airborne Div soldier Darrell “Shifty” Powers' death; a WWII hero immortalized in Stephen Ambrose's “Band of Brothers."
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
See u tonight at !
#HappyBirthdayProdigy :D! #TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :)! Hope you day is filled with lots of joy <3!
Thank you all so very much!
Waiting to see if you would finally txt. Lol whatever.
My wish for you.. <3
I'm just letting you know right now that I'm not coming to a Star Wars wedding.
Wow!!! I haven't been on for alittle while and I got alot mor followers!:) P.S if I didn't follow any of you back please tell me!(:
But.... This is basketball. RT : Why y'all mad that OKC balking though?!
I voted for Germany even tho I live in the USA lol bc Ik there Are germany mahomies that want to meet you!!!
Sipping The Macallan 12 year old Scotch. Wonderful stuff!
Scarier than not being able to trust someone else is not being able to trust oneself.
- The best
On another note. Freshmen formal sucked (apparently just for me. I always make myself miserable. Why).
Broader Measure Of Unemployment In Nevada Shows Slight Improvement In First ... - Lahontan Valley News
This draft is shaping up very well for my franchise
Often ideas for innovation in one area come from interest in another.
Corp counsel: Greatest form of "impairment" = not getting payment. When look at package, this enhances. We believe passes const muster.
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
Looking for examples of successful collaborations by museums & public to create new knowledge. Rain=perfect day for writing.
Watching this nasty bitch shoot up heroin on
I want a jetpack
So if somebody makes a bunch of money it's because the government let them? You're scaring me.
RT LaDainian Tomlinson gets a standing O and chants of "L.T.! L.T." as he's introducted at Seau memorial service.
OU loses top RB to A&M, Texas loses this guy to Mizzou. Anyone in the Big 12 scared yet about recruiting against the SEC now?
“: i want something new and different and fun for lunch today. any ideas?” indian or better yet breakfast for lunch!
help us get that political will going! We can at least make them recognize that they need to consider the baseball fans, too.
Good morning ! I'm looking forward to our Marketing course this summer. Thank you for sending us the textbook info in advance!
Girl your crazy i do work during the day!lol Next time!:)
BC Kentucky is THE BEST!!!!!!!!! Cats > Jayhawks ALWAYS
Good luck with the teething! And break a leg with the preso!
5 mins later...boom goes the dynamite.
We're in! The #Preservation Road Show will be in #Seattle at for a panel + Q and A on Sun May 27 @ 11 am.
Hey guy in the '96 stock mustang convertible cutting everyone off...cool car
np, enjoy..and if you do join the FBI...you can help us get MM's case re-opened and her death cert changed ;)
have stayed up all night in a row for two days since being troubled with insomnia.
You won a spot in the seminar w. talent agent Nancy Curtis this Saturday at 2pm. Call us to book your slot. 212.239.3198
indeed brother. I can't believe I was ever so stupid to breed with such a scab
Was Nutella marketing itself as healthy? That's the only reason I can think that someone might think its good for you.
Thank you so much! You are off the list. Please let us know if you get any additional e-mails!
YES!!!! It is Wednesday!!!
For Private Parties & Booking contact: .love.
I have it in my spotify playlist but never paid attention thanks! :) RT have you heard the song "Yuri Kochiyama"
I want some Taco Bell
Thanks for rt Nicole. Have a great weekend!
yeah, no.
That was a joke. I'm not even wearing a shirt. Could get messy.
Thanks for all the updates ! America monsters are dying hahah
Hi! :) Hope your doing ok.
Interviewer: "I've heard GLEE rumors." Greyson: "I...uh...I'm hoping. I would love to be on GLEE."
I already got it done
Today is my last day working this late shift. Finally I will have a more normal schedule.
still got fire works from the forth now thats a damn shame
It's my pleasure to profile you!
Hey you there sean buddy
me too ,ilovee doingg that!! muhahaha. iwass looking at niall's twitterr. ((: it gets me mad when people are mean to him !
Nice seeing Chris Pressly at the Reds game
Saw you for only 30 mintues but it doesnt matter, i missed you.
sit down right now and go to sleep
The Heat are giving up? Seriously? What a joke.
You made me smile and I wish you were here with me right now. Nah really I'm just pissed cause you ain't down.
I guess it's cool that I hit every red light on my way to pick this up. Cool.
Bored? Need a laugh? or a heaping dose of insanity? Check out and read until you're hysterical, shocked, or frightened
managed to put in 5 miles on the treadmill while at the same time peruse facts about 9/21
what tips wld you give for toning legs & reducing fat around the thighs/hips if squats are hard due to arthritis in knees?
Audience shown 30 Days clip where West Virginia Christian lived with Muslim Americans in Dearborn, Mich. Stares, security checks
Happy New Year!
#FF tweets we enjoy reading:
i am Cool today is my birthday and my skype Samuel.Okotie
My favorite saying from Rozay
8 groundball outs through 4 innings for #Rockies starter Alex White.
On my Nina Simone vibe today
IF U SEE THIS I HOPE U REPLY THANKS LOVE U
My U.S. final exam starts in less that 1 hour...I hope my students studied over the weekend.
63 degrees would be fine. 73 would be a tad warm but also fine. 93, no. Thank you, I don't want to melt.
that's cool.
getting to d money what look like n yo world
Oh that's just rude! Sick day? Lol JK. Toni Morrison isn't paying your bills.
Gear store is open today? Not sure what you're looking for exactly. Call me if need be :)
Comforting.. RT : 2011 has been the safest year ever to fly, with one passenger death per 7.1 million air travelers.
People are Shady... A diamond watch dissapeared from my house. I feel like a ghetto Paris Hilton.
manufacturers, distributors, designers, mechanics, and people on production lines. Many jobs needed saving.
It's amazing what people say... It's phenomenal what they sing!
What kind of people write, "Horrible" or "work overpriced" in an #art exhib guest log? Like art or not, OK, but this behavior disgusts me.
Those books look fun!
Singer songwriter series will take place from 7pm - midnight
naw they have to test you in shit
Always the moocher. That's me.
have I told u lately..... Y'ALL ROCK!!!!
followed!(: are you from Miami?!;o <3
hey, thanks for the shout!
At the hospital.
Excellent Austin-area intern! will travel MT am looking for more exp. for my ex-intern, book pub w/ emphasis in digital.
Will you marry me ?
How. Just how.
Love your video and your message. Please follow so that we can talk more about your music! :) thanks
Thanks for coming! Loved seeing you!
I absolutely LOVED it! :) I LOVE #LostGirl! :) Thank you. :)
First NHL playoff game tonight!!! Who do you think will pull it off #PhillyFlyers or #PittsburghPenguins ?? Come to to watch!
why would you need to share a calendar with my wife?
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333 YOU'RE AMAZING <3
Is any San Diegan not an #Aztecs fan today?
Business in the garage
Jedi mind trick just not gonna do tonight. I don't have the willpower.
ha, we both recommended the same website! RT : Hey Thanks for asking. This is a good article
excellent! when will you be around? ross suggests that i say hello, if you're around when i'm back
mine was great too! Thanks
mike - since when are you tweet savvy! I'm lovin it!
awesome! We look forward to meeting you!
Sleep! Goodnight :))
IMO sports news audience has become so focused on instant gratification, interaction because of Twitter. Can't ignore that audience.
3 auditions today. Check! Is it bad that in the last one I wanted all 5 of us in the room to book that one? ;)
have gone from 5th in NL fielding % in 2009 to 14th this year. Id say they are sliding the wrong direction under "fundamentals" Jim
Thanks for the advice. Any reason for Celek over Davis? Davis played pretty well against PIT last week.
want to punt my mac into a canyon right now
i know i miss it so much! hopefully my dad will give up and see that i'm "better" and let me come back on
People should be allowed to love and marry whoever the hell they want. It's 2012. HELLO!!!
ahahahah jackiee i love how you tweeted CNN in that last tweet?!?!?
I have never wanted something to end so bad in my life! You & Have a happy Easter =D
I just assumed tweeting his name was a joke within itself.
I wonder what is doing
Whats up buddy?
Back to some intence painting... WOking some studies too for a couple paintings I am excited about.
Everything is cool ! Just finishing up some work. I was on my way to the site.
God asks us to focus on Him by being faithful to what He has called us to do. Stay focused. Stay grounded. Stay committed to His call.
shoot me the pic that it should have on it and what ever info should be on it and shoot it over to
Great meeting you as well. Hopefully our paths cross again soon.
Prepare 4 monster line @ Portland's Voodoo Doughnut. ItKs GREAT but word is out
But how much did u lose?
Plus, I was one of your first thousand followers! Either way, still love ya!
The spirit of God is w/ me thru it all! :)
Thanks for the RT If you were staying with us we'd send you over priced food and give you a room with bedbugs :D
can u please follow me back please :)
Good morning buddy. Looking forward to finally get this started!
I didn't awaken to numerous #WSJ email alerts exclaiming the dismal performance of overseas stocks today. No news is good news, I hope.
If I'm getting rowdy with my own teammates. Y'all don't even know how I'm gonna get against the opposite team!
hahahaaah right?! People here are too confident.
mm x x x x x XX
Bitch, who do you think I am?
lmao txt me :) or dm me ya number
I don't feel sorry for Hamels....not one tiny little bit total D-Bag thing to do.
Thank you, Marina.
I was totally there today
So much for springtime ☹
Four people can ride for the price of one, and the ride is private, that is for you only.
I told you I had an extra one!!
But it's Cinco de Mayo! We hope you enjoyed.
#kids Kids Gardening at McGinnis Sisters Special Food Stores, Sat, May 5 11:00a: Spring is here! Bring the little ones by for a Kids...
are we on for tomorrow? looking forward to it! :)
Joe&#39;s Health Calendar 5/3/12 Walk More Eat Less
Parasites are among the monogamous animals on the planet
ok great! Let me know when you are coming! :D
bouut to spend time w. him & the bby :)
In case you were wondering: the appropriate time to crack open a loko on the drive to Vegas is as soon as you get on the 15 right?
you and your pizzas! Always make me hungry!
u dont like me #ohreally I DONT GIVE A DAMN U FUCKTARD!!!
APD leaves their cars running all day, tax payers buy the gas! fuck it! : who warms up their vehicle in 60 degree weather?!
It's a great day to be home!! Lots of errands, and unpacking. Oh.... And the gym!!
This week is so hard ;(
is this a weekly occurance?
Dancing to survivor with
that was a great report, I sat in my car in driveway - couldn't get out until I listened to the whole story! Thx for your work!
RT : FAITH is brightest in the midst of the darkest night! Faith is to believe that which is UNSEEN until it becomes SEEN!
haha and srry for all the hate ppl are giving u gtg bed school tmrw ugh -__________-
Chispa is proud to announce that we are #socialmedia partners for the Women’s International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
what u listen to juicy
you can file for a emergency unemployment which will extend it for another 3 to 6 months but then that's it.
coulrophobia - fear of clowns - not a laughing matter
So bored
University of MD says guard Terrell Stoglin has been suspended. He's off the team
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
This is a story about a girl named Lucky.
Rain kept me from taking photos for the next Richmond Monuments so I began writing the mini-series. 6 finished. Next up, character sketches.
It's near the top of my list. Frequently recommended. You should give me a ride there when I go!
you only tweet me to promote yourself? you know what fuck you, FUCK YOU
Drama drama drama smh
Did you forget that Egypt fired on Hamas already??
Eating dinner with dads buddy
Going to be a great day for 's Happy Hour at Pints Party Pub & Patio in downtown DSM. Going to be a blast! Hope to see you there.
Love when my mom goes through my closest and has a speech for each thing I haven't worn 😁
I can NOT believe broke up with me during the holidays. Where is ?
I live in Va Beach Virginia doing social media marketing for a few companies in Dallas TX. What collectibles do you sell?
yep almost half the bottle.
how can i checkout the product.
were you on MTV's True life? and follow back? please (:
Have a wonderful day today! :)
If they won like TCU and Boise they would be RT Question - is Air Force, Wyoming, or UNLV relevant outside their own fans?
HAHA Same to you, friend! Hope it's a good one!
RT : Hey #NCGenZ Today is charity Tuesday.Check out these great charities:
G'Night <3
Thanks for sharing the link! Most excellent.
I don't like Selena but my prayers go out to her & her family nobody deserves to have something like that happen to them.
Going to bed soon.
yes... uselessness.
Coming up at the bottom of the hour on a special recall election for WI Governor Scott Walker. has that.
he'd be a great love interest for Tatum.
#question What would you like to see from a HVAC twitter account? Tks for any advice!
let's get it
can I get happy birthday to my sister shes a hugee fan. Thankyou. :-)
Wha! Which part?
Thanks Rob : : Have a fantastic aloha Friday
All caught up with client work!! yay!
And just think how much safer the Source Awards will be once this technology becomes ubiquitous.
6b Design has 3 new freelance partners, we have 6 new clients, & I have a new web dev job with a local software company = busy!
thanks bud. Next LA trip we need to catch up!
Very soon! That's the answer of a not very sure person. : When are we gonna get to hear some new jams, dudes?
Follow my personal ! (:
At workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts #scms12 St. James room w/ and more
playing Just Dance 3... This Game Is A Work Out ( ･`ω･´)
True Born Records m
I just made mango curd!...and thinks it tastes like tomatoes...
The incense 4 #thevirginmary is rose scent! #StMatthew got #Strawberry what does that say about Matthew?
please follow she is you biggest fan!38
spam spam spam lakers fucking suck die
How Have You Been ???
See ya next season, Chicago Bulls.
I always save the best for last.
well thanks !
House show on November 4th. $4. Be there or be square. Details later
Really, really Good! RT : How good are you willing to have it?
“: When students study with a partner it encourages their brains to engage at a higher level." 1 reason why coaching works!
If you love gymnastics, you should watch videos of
Saturday - Pipers, Santa Fe, Tour, Fens Liquor Beat the Clock. RT if you agree.
You are selfish and caddy grow up.
got tix to four shows today -> / and / billions and billions / the life and times
Dr. Laura said 10 years apart is to big, you'd have nothing in common, I totally disagree. I like this formula much better.
wanted to suggest a "Game of Loans" one last week, but couldn't decide between two options (forthcoming)
Can this be the last season for Royce on #BBW ? She's accomplished a lot since the show but she's snooze city!!!! Just irrelevant
Aaaaaaannnnd now you see why Rodgers is the true MVP!
try some amaro Nonino, just pull back on the sugar. Or malort and sloe gin (1/5:4/5) as horrible as that sounds.
My mom always has something to bitch about in the morning.
Just saw a South Carolina farmer ask Tom Vilsack if he wanted to take a photo with her 30 lb. sweet potato. He said no.
Just saw the season 2 trailer for teen wolf...I deff just creamed
if I want to shoot a music video for you. Who would I need to talk to?
Be scared be very scared.... TORC is here!!!
Doh! was thinkin' of doing this 2!! RT Amazon's Jeff Bezos vows to recover Apollo 11 engines from ocean
Happy Friday! Well deserved
This test really will be the death of me....
Ready. TEDdy. Go!
About to click buy on a box and Live TV Tuner.
Happy Valentine's Day, G!
I hate earthquakes
Registration deadline for summer programs is Friday!
Where is your #date? mydateishere.com #online dating
Life's a bitch but I can be a bigger one at times
too bad we lost though!!! Hey I need followers get people to follow me!!!
What You Want Me To - Paradise Fears
National Rosacea Society
sleep eludes me.
Really #Hawks? There's still a minute and a half left. You scored way too early!!!! Looks like more free hockey (in low-def).
it just makes me upset. vins not there & they're performing. he was a part of the crew too. I love julian. but that should be vinny.
Long block art class
It's a job that's never started that takes the longest to finish. J. R. R. Tolkien
lol イヤーー！oh yeah! Did I tell you I'm most likely going to move to San Jose? バンザイ！！LOL
Guess i should be used to this by now.
I don't even know what goes on in my brain. It's too much.
can't say the same for
Freaking Grey's Anatomy!!! I don't think I can wait a whole week for the next episode!!!
Glad to hear it, I'll be keeping an eye out for sure! Yours had been the best I've found
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare
Eighteen doesn't feel any different.
LOL. You caught me.
You hit me like a subway train And I will never be the same
Productive meeting in Beckley this morning on fixing the drug problem
Great ? re: Twitter ongoing research. Have #dh friends who blog their process, share demos/other planning docs.
well little girls decide to steal my sayings lol ;)
alright sounds good we will be awaiting your arrival...and probably already pretty drunk by then
You're right! I just saw a patch of blue sky!!!!
RT : The balloon glow is cancelled. The air show and fireworks will happen soon as the winds die down. (via )
OMG IM GETTING CRAZY ......... DID JELENA BROKE UP....??? SOMEONE PLZZZ TELL ME ! :"(
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
One trillion dollars could buy a lot of salt. One trillion dollars and I'll buy myself a malt
hahaha i just ran into my slider door lol
Go out and support our friends in Lets Get It! Their new album came out today!
Thanks new followers!
Okay, I give you props for that :D
Happy Birthday Kaitlyn! <3 Hope ur having fun in Florida !
So The Boondocks don't come on no more? Since when? Just last week I was staying up til 2:30 to watch it. Shameful.
Pens play the Flyers @ 7:30 while the Pirates play the Cardinals at 7:05 (ROOT). There's something to be said for bars with multiple TVs.
Whats going on with everyone? wheres the party at tonight?
Making a pizza! :D
she thinks she runs this shit, no honey you don't!
Wake County Schools Wake Forest-Rolesville Senior Covers President Obama's Arrival at RDU: bit.ly/p08nsZ
That is awesome! Congrats to Sara!
Can you help us with the digital divide here in DC? One of our goals for 2011
Lets work
thank u 4 following followers
4 hours to do my hair danm:(
Haha :( sorry ill buy you one ;) :) better ?
Seriously, her affection for you is mystifying. Not that you're without your charms...
I had colts to cover at +10, seemed like an easy choice to me.
. v. curious about details. discussing "topic modeling as discovering clusters of possible worlds" sounds too good to be true.
can u dm me
Ever leave me around your bitch imma get her stoned...
You lost all your friends and now hang out with people you used to spit so much shit about
Both Paul Costa and Jay Costa were really kind to me!
#justrememberthat time is money
Hello Mark! What commercial classes do you recommend?
producing tracks for coming soon
so do we!
how come?
maybe, maybe not. You'll just have to wait and see..err smell
I was just thinking nap time too!!!
DUDE!!! Is there more than 2 tickets ;D if there is YOU BETTER INVITE ME!!!!!
Haven't been on Twitter much :[ Will be on more during the summer though! Which is in about a week! :D
The band Rush got their name because they were in a rush to pick a name before their first gig.
FOLLOW HER PPLZ
What happened to April??
I've joined 4 in 2 weeks!!....I can't anymore...(For now) haha
is enjoying her Birthday!!! Many thanks to all the people who are making me feel so special!!! <3 <3 <3
hair dresser tip: mix a packet of sweet'n'low in your toner (and bleach) and it will hurt less!
Gerbils with spikey shoes were tapdancing on my throat again last night. I support their creativity but my throat hurts now.
haha nice! Who's teaching it?
awesome! so I was looking at your advertising, do I just buy and do everything from the buy/sell website?
RT : "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
Will I be able to watch the game on Time Warner Milwaukee?
No. It was at our Firehouse, as in Firehouse No. 7 on SE 11th and Stark. Sorry! That hadn't even occurred to us.
Meeting talented young #journalists from across the country at the Nat'l HS Journalism Conv. #hsjSEA Just met Maysyvelle from Hawaii!
#Bibliobash was f$&@"ing awesome. I LOVE .
"love is for squares... And the gays..." - hahaha
Haven't tweeted in a while--writing a computer budget at work has been draining. Reading & responding to 27 Survey Monkey surveys too.
When Science Goes to the Dogs is being held at the Tutt Branch Library on January 27th at 4:30pm. All ages welcome.
yes we do! Chocolicious, a too ibis and chocolate blend, and a Chocolate Oolong.
I've managed to mess up everything I touched today...this tweet took 9 attempts. Maybe a nap will cure this.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone hope you all have fun an are safe today/tonite...btw what u all doing... :-)
Stoked about Coachella! Not happy that there is no where to stay at this point!..let me know if you got a pad near venue.I've got $..
says Happy Holidays!
It is! The tart flavors make a refreshing iced drink :) That sounds like it would also be great iced.
probably the same guy who emailed us saying he didn't want fries on his burger & was denied. #drunk. Glad you dug the special!
how are you tonight...my social media goddess?
teachers who move through lessons TOO fast <
in aspen for the week.
there was a Ben Franklin in the box when I went by earlier! An iPad is a MUCH better prize.
I have like 5 coconut trees in animal crossing im making bank and ima plant more *3*
"Who's Afraid of Gender-Neutral Bathrooms? Trans Hyper-/In- Visibility in Public Space."
OH: my one regret in life is that I didn't go to law school after college.
I got rejected by Ben Relles.... 😞
RT : You Are Worth The Wait!! ~ #Amen! Our bodies are sacred and should be treated as such.
atleast everyone in avon is...Cody Brown
Reluctantly trying to sleep. My body and my mind can't figure it out..... S' gonna take awhile.
so hows it going
RT if u would like to be in video"Rainman" off our new album"DallasMostWanted" feat b famillia and ...bad bitches only!!
Video shoot today wit the team
ITS FRYHIIIIIIGH DAY !
Already talking like a hick!
no but they got high on drugs commiting sins lol
haha I'll bet u did
Excited to be at CA State Library Public Library Summit!
Stupid concussion.
So I'm out earlier for Cinco de Mayo and I overhear a girl ask: How do you say 'si' in Spanish? It wasn't the booze, trust me.
Amen! RT : Great class last night w/ a talk from & from on effective campaigns
Constructing a neighborhood starts with building the first house
GUYS: a happy woman makes a happy home. So treat her right.
Can't give up on Iran, Israel & Syria. - JDG
$PASO D-PAS technology enables healthcare organizations to streamline and digitalize day-to-day paperwork processes.
So #BlackTwitter How did y'all feel about the Rupert Murdoch/News Corp Phone Hacking scandal, or did that news not hit here?
tufehscnvsadouj there was just an announcement on the radio about the big time summer tour with you omg
Man Hate it when your parents make a big deal out of Hickeys ! Like damn
Maybe some UPenn Wharton MBA students can figure it out....IVY League Business guys never lose people money hahahaha
kids shouldn't be paraded around like that
My Co-Worker is literally blaring Beyonce in her office. I think I love her!! :) 😜😜
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 30
#BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!
Bill Horn swears by "dousing," a divine-inspired way to find water for a well. UCSD engineering prof: "I wouldn't recommend using it"
Didn't win the Celeb Qualifier raffle? That's ok, you can still enter our $55 Qual tonight @ 7p! 2 seats to the $450 Celeb Tourn guaranteed!
Wild Workouts & Wellness is proud to announce that we have been at our 2469 S. Kinnickinnic Ave location now for ONE year! Time flies...
#Superbowl Sunday = measuring my workout by drinks I can now consume today instead of miles ran
this is so ridiculous... but im so intrigued
interesting! Would love to see what new design approaches are applied to maps in the future.
lol you know you will be the first to know buddy!!! 😃
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who doesn't wait for the storm to pass...I dance in the rain!! :)
Happy #NFLDraft day! Good luck 2 all the #Longhorns in this year's draft
American Reunion time. Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie
I got another yr and a half. I prob won't be back that way til may
Had a dream that me and went to Warped Tour together :')
Tusk always makes me feel good on a Sunday night
So u and Kristen are going to be at Royal?
Thanks for following Good reads and listens that provide a good contrast to the creative type.
really I need to see you! Hate it when ur a far
I already know #Instagram is going to be
All-nighter with the roommates? Accomplished. we are AWESOME.
I hate sun burn...omg I am never going tanning again...maybe.
twin!!!!! IMY !!!! Lets get drunk and happy again son <3
Im a bi-fold wallet kind of guy.
awesome! Your dog?
Metro trains are single-tracking between Van Dorn and Franconia for track work.
Yeah my cousins are flying in today so i didnt feel like going to work
Chris Bosh out so what, its not he was gonno do anything to Hibbert or KG anyways
thanks for the shout out!
obviously her parents feel the same way. Poor baby is all I can say. No justice for her.
We help your video gain that viral status it needs to be seen all around the world.
Interesting point - mousedown is an exploratory action, sort of a cognitive extension of mouseenter. Did not think of that.
Headed to #BCU tomorrow what's up
boyfriend grading papers. shirtless. i'm not allowed to molest him. i can't wait to teach a class of my own so i can pay him back for this!
Mar 20, 1922: H.A.L. Fisher: "Winston says country longing to get back to party conflict, but cannot afford it."
Wish you had stylists in #SanDiego!
": God doesn't always deliver us "from" things; often He walks us "through" them."
This Saturday at 10 a.m., 9/4- More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: The History of Virginia Cavalier Football at Alumni Hall! Register now!
Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve (on the reception of Lucretius in the Renaissance) won the 2012 Pulitzer for General Nonfiction today.
Just saw #thedescendants. Thought it was excellent
Schools creepin up quick.
so true haha
Let me call this fool back
I rather enjoy the British tendency to use the word "reckon.l
I have a four-hander that's a small quiet thing. But it's one I'm really proud of. I like small, quiet.
Rent in Metro Atlanta? Want to buy a home? Light on Cash? Tweet me to find out about downpayment assistance up to $60k! ATL is on SALE 2DAY!
Jones vs Evans
I love 's ears lol they're huge :-)
survey design+mini ethnography+hypothesis testing= one final exam?
Cool I got a tan, but its a tank top tan and now my arms are brown and my legs are still white -_-
the innbetween should be open later before finals
thanks for coming on, man. great stuff!
Can’t wait for this session of the writing mastermind with …just a few more minutes!
Today is Skelvis' Birthday ! Show him you care by insulting him in the blog section. (That's what he wants for his birthday)
Feel the same way...really I do.
no doubt
#FF Check out these #tobaccofree tweets
We have been using that like crazy - we found some great stuff!
#alt-ac or #alt-ACK?! How can we support hybrid folks and get to a place not so self-conscious or defensive about job choices?
I was in the sun too much today. My face feels hot and I'm pretty sure I got a little sunburnt.
Craziness again! The EURO NIGHT is back <3
my email is
I don't have any, doctors told me I was born without them.
Lol at white radio djs trying to navigate around saying "N*ggas in Paris"
Just don't understand people! Celebrate in a peaceful manner. Don't destroy property!
On a flight with DJ Shadow. This cougar in first class is a little too excited.
MD historic preservation app review down to days versus months. Get those apps in!
Rat tat tat tat on yo dum dum drum the beat so fat gonna make me..
Facebook buys Instagram. Looks like was right after all :)
begins today ! We've been working hard to bring you lots of awesome shows! Well I haven't been, but other people have!
girl you need to hop in them too cuz we go harder then them sweatpants period stain the Kelsey Sowers be rockin, #<3
I definitely feel like Im home!
Ugh. I'm so tired.
A very real loss! You may be surprised how these people can be woven back into your life over time! He holds the future!
i need more space, so i gotta stop by and get a memory card and a new phone cover, be droppin my shit everywhere
Yeah I don't think I am getting one of those anytime soon or maybe ever. Ha.
you are welcome here anytime you want!!!!
HE SAID I WAE CUTE !
Hey all! This questions is for the folks that are 40 and over. When you guys turned 40 did your body start falling apart? LOL
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy by letting him/her know that u love thm
Thanks! I didn't know that.
Ah, thanks - I implemented it for error collection but was hoping at some point things like validators would catch up
Good morning...humans.
Have you heard anything bout the league and union coming to a handshake agreement on all major issues??
you should get your scrapple on more than once a year!!
Which burger did you order?
Um, I think that means you should make yet another contrbution to the swear jar...
RT : Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.. (via...
Anyone with an IQ over 4 should know One Direction won't be popular anymore by 2015.
.... Blow the whistle
If we can judge at all from the smiling faces and excited voices, everyone is having a great time tonight!!
The get together was too much fun yesterday.
"I pray they see more of You and less of me"
glad to see im not the only person vybin right now...
Not inert? Mostly true. Mental component? Bullshit. RT Matter is not inert.There is a mental component to it at every level
I've got rehearsal today. Had to behave a little bit.
Tryna go to sleep but this #lightning won't stop! Keeping me awake.
Currently Reading Virtual spiders crawl by to beat phobias
Loved the show! Thanks for bringing it to Madison. See you next time the tour comes through.
My only hope for the spring game is that nobody gets hurt. And I just jinxed it.
X-Men: First Class was awesome, but about 2/3 of the way through someone yells and sounds just like Navi from the Zelda games. Just sayin.
Hey, excited to be a part of this group! Matthew
Lol I got you...FedEx! RT : send me some
if it doesnt apply....let it fly away!!!
The wealthiest in a democracy bear a particular financial responsibility for the society's upkeep
Tremendous action at Gates TC as #55 DU is taking on UU. Doubles on now, singles coming up.
": No matter what we’ve done or where we’ve been, every single one of us can change"
Sup Fam! Good Job Today At The Shoot! Follow Back!
That dinosaur don give a fuck he's Eatin yo ass....
I'm goin into another surgery. Da doctor sed I might not be able to dance eva again :"( bye
Trop50 red orange = confusing. Blood Orange too difficult to market, even though it's technically correct?
hey there.. The Free Slice of Pizza promo ended today, but we have a new promo starting tomorrow, check in he morning for updates.
On air! SAXAppeal! georgetownradio.com, click "Listen Live"
Ordering a shirt off the Stand GRAND website and never washing it because Vinny touched it with his own hands.
my bed makes me =) cuddle time with the pup!!!!!!!!! (via ) lady knowz I dont cuddle pffftttt
Urgh! Still haven't adjusted to east coast time.
“There is nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature.” ~ George Washington
you spelled my name wrong. d: but, what time? I'm down.
That whole sentence made me literally "lol." The hashtag was the icing on the cake!
We thought you had class on Mondays! Next time we won't assume. Going tomorrow! Rsvp here w emoticons
Just won 10 dollars on scratchers oh yes
Thanks for the support, here's to a great #JAM2012, we could not do this without your participation, we appreciate you all!
Hey Nashville - Don't miss at the Grand Opening of the new Wal-Mart at 100 Oaks (2421 Powell Ave)! Wed., Jan. 25th, 4pm-6pm!
mr. Brown lol
going to hell 4 that one...lol
Waking up from a nightmare with an awful headache. Not being being able to go back to sleep. <<
I want more 🍕 thoo
"For who can know himself, and the multitude of subtle influences which act upon him?" -- John Henry Cardinal Newman _Apologia Pro Vita Sua_
its to much goin on and durell is a lair im done with him
if i have to eat another jello i'm throwing it at someone
going out tonight?
Where did you get those chips? Ace hardware?
it's so good. All I want right meow.
Your future depends on your dreams. So go to sleep.
I was disappointed that no one stamped my Yola's iPhone app when I grabbed my coffee & food at
I saw your concert... I saw your dad... I watch all your ustreams and I know what you've been through #NoHate love you.... -MB
Its all about SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, Prof Nuts, Leroy Sibbles n more!...
Sox won that game despite seven errors!!
Yup.. Back in PA.. Still sucks. Yea, good thing I have no choice!
we know you do
thanks dear, won't know if it worked until tomorrow. work schedule has been nuts, thanks again!
Has anybody on here had experience implementing #RedBean in a production environment?
Re-feed day! No counting calories, protein, carbs or fat
Grow your #Business now with #Social #Marketing from !
Sugarhill is looking to streamline the government procurement process, and my god could it use it...
Communication is one of the main keys for a successful relationship.
hahahaha I love that
lol, you took my friend Eryn's phone and took a picture of yourself! its funny cause i do that all the time with my friends:)
BioOne celebrates the 9th anniversary of our official launch in 2001. Thanks to the support of our board, partners, and supporters!
what is your favorite piece of Art ???
Every time I hear More Than a Feeling by Boston I feel the need to shred the air drums
I think its rude to dancers
please follow me! Xoxo
"Shumpert was the best rookie on the KNICKS. He's the ROY."
were you saying workout love
taking niquil. I'm gone
So thirsty...
umm yes just wished a buddy back to UAL in Dulles today. I haven't put any bids in to return....yet
Y Living: Make getting fit fun with friends or family. Plan one physical activity event, like a bike ride or hiking, with a group each week.
Greg Shibley will be here tonight playing Acoustic Guitar from 7pm to 9pm.
Cool Jim..My pleasure. Dig what you're doing.
Lindsay wanted to know for tonight if many of us used twitter.
