Follow my sisssssssy ( ;
I still am but have to acknowledge bg's amazing dunks..btw that was an impressive w by the heat last night
Butting into your conversation to say that Three Floyds is the ultimate fucking shit.
you everywhere today. Lol
<= honored to be in this list of awesomeness.
Today 1980: Eric Heiden of Madison wins his 5th gold medal of the Winter Olympic games winning the 10k meter speed skating in Lake Placid.
can you provide more information on the house explosion?
I was a poet for a couple of decades. I think I still remember how, if you need a buddy.
The better Champagnes or Sparklers the smaller & livelier the bubbles are in your glass giving you a creamy texture they also last long time
ahh a new friend, or is this an old friend :-)
Some moments in life you can never be prepared for
lmao It's Dean doing his blue steel pose!! Awesome!!
Need a little pep in your Monday step?! Try a slice of pepperoni for lunch!
Five fingers to the face
thanks man! Where u from and do you need any filming check out
I am so proud of my children and even more excited about what is about to happen to our family...financially!
early mornings are hard but only when i see
Well I'm gonna meet you one day. And were gonna fall in love and get married. Ok? Hey a girl can wish cant she?
I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
GAHHHH I KNOW!
but thats cause im lazy xD
After DOJ settles with Pokerstars and FTP after today and next couple of days, you should see TWO PLUS TWO media blackout end. Hacked site:)
Buy Now Alera Complete Wire Shelving Unit with Casters ...
How do you identify someone who needs encouragement? That person is breathing - Truett Cathey
Tell Toby Keith thea I love his bar in Minneapolis.
omg yes, ill be down there! :D
Someone text me im bored with this ratchet
TODAY! Stop by the GSA lounge from 3-5pm for the Relay For Life fundraiser - selling $5 t-shirts, $4 bubble tea or $1 stickers
it took forever to get that sync going, and the cost across platforms is just insane since iPad and iPhone app cost different
mankind's life on this planet will becoming a tourist attraction for aliens soon.
Cyborgs underwear and running shoes: wearable computing comes of age?
After night on the town in Bloomington, is looking pretty worse for wear.
I love that all the Seattle people are blaming Portland oregon hippies for the may day damage ay yi yi
follow and please :D x802
Listen to Adam Kalishman on air now from 8-9!
come put it down low
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is great support for C Solutions web activities and a great way to reach customers.
you have no idea! LOL. It's terrible.
what's up? How was the travel?
Thank you! RT : Thanks for following! Sharp looking Facebook tab by the way.
LAX to IAD
Is that pig Latin? ;)
Congratulations to and listen to the people. Thankyou to all my supporters. You have not heard the last of me.
people that say they don't care. #idiots.. gtfo my team. So called die hard fans.
You got that right! Thanks for the FF mention, have a great Friday!
yes you are! Look for offers and low price spots
Threatened husband to not bring candy/choc home tomorrow 4 kids&me. Will do it just to spite me. That's ok, I know where he lives & sleeps.
And predicts a long line of archivists w/ canceled flights driving down the 90 to boston tomorrow...
Saying a quick hello to the gang! what a team! Happy to be on their side!
Cuz i cant get on twitter aw
#Movement12 was rockin awesome! I wanna be when I grow up! Great job Brother!
Happy Happy Birthday to you! :)
well, better late than never I suppose?
hahaha I hear u!
Good question. What is the avg income of Catholic HS students parents? How many Catholic HS are u including? How many kids?
Do you at least have a direction?
I'm so tired I fell & bruised my left butt. And yet I still can't fall sleep. Or lay on my left side 👎
RT : Have foundation of truth-business meetings with God-match everyone else's ideas against God's truth,
No. A natural born citizen is one who is born in one of the 50 US states. PS, Hawaii is a US state.
oh yeah ?
hopefully williams doesn't end up like the last two guys to borrow it: Humphries and Walker
when I #duckhunt the only thing that dies is an annoying laughing dog.
I know Richard Jefferson is SICK he got shipped to Golden St.
where's it gunna be at?
Um, yeah!
Y U NO TELL ME U WERE GUNNA WATCH #MakeItOrBreakIt ! PUTA !
losing followers like Justin lost followers after his haircut. Gonna unfollow them all because YOLO.
for the record I did the same! And I'm enjoying the $ I save in the process lol
San Antonio followers come to my house and buy a BBQ plate! we can meet each other. And if your a hot girl I can rape you ^_^
I drank way too much #coffee today and now am a bit jittery. 3 cups is more than I can handle
#alamw12. Still waiting to hear a hint in ILS market that customer fulfillment services are imp. Where is t customer? We need a CRM?
I hate sleeping alone... but
Do not fear, the bear is currently being crowned Queen of Everything and will be resuming her reign shortly.
Obama's abortion stance unacceptable - Green Bay Press Gazette
she's right beside me now. I took that today coming back from Detroit.
LOL #quote of the day... Keith Richards: “I’ve never had a problem with drugs. I’ve had problems with the police.”
I am thinking about getting a Ford Explorer Sport Trac for a new car!
RT : If you're thinking about #studyabroad for Fall 2012 NOW is the time to act! Start planning for Spring 2013!
Just over ten minutes left in the game and the #Gators score again. #UF leads #OSU 5-3.
Big shouts 2 Billionaire Mafia Clothing 4 Outfitting us! Can't wait 2C the Revelations line! Sup
And they have 1217- calorie big bowl cocktails!
Oh, like u were doing something else more important right now :P
wearable media glasses for a good #medialife? it cen certainly help, depends on what you will be witnessing with it...
How about "1547"?
E the little dragon on his shoulder is adorable!
I haven't read Born to Run, but I am now number 235 in line for it at the library . :-) Thanks!
We are a good stone through away from the home of the AFL Grand Final ground the M.C.G.?
Busy work week! Also, get to see tonight! Hoping we can chat about #TheBachelor, among many things!
Thanks! Please tell you bro a) Ace! b) dig the soundtrack and c) would love an explanation, in the vid description or elsewhere.
Never watching a movie with you. Only Taco bell keeps you up.
5lbs gone in the past two weeks. 4 more weeks until memorial day and Dewey. I got this.
ESPN knows that Mizzou isn't the only or the first team to leave the Big 12, right?
Thank you for the kind words and your support!
Don't tell me you're surprised ;)
I'm going to see U2 tonight. I'll give you three guesses.
Thanks. I was really just looking for an excuse to use some of the herbs I've started growing.
Times Square. Why? I can't think of anything worse. There are 7 billion of us now, I guess it shouldn't surprise me.
RT : R I P Adam... I'm devastated. Praying for Adam Yauch's family from the legendary Beastie Boys. Youll be missed!
Made it to Naples through gator country--possibly missing an insane afterparty but sleep > hijinx. Cultureroom rocked like a scary ex-gf!
im crying right now....
Over the summer, I'm gonna stock up on a shit load of clothes
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Have a great run & everyone else!
and definitely stop in and chat with me soon if you want a more intense post-holiday detox. Happy Easter!
It's tacky too don't you think?
oh wow. I had no idea.
Holler. RT : RT if you are poor
Halftime: #CLIPPERS 39 - Grizzlies 38.. Players to the locker room.. me to the shower!! Be right back!!
Boys dont realize how much one little thing can upset a girl.
no problem (: thanks for being my 1000th follower!(:
a fat man pushed me D;
“: My Cousin is on TV right now!!! #8Mile” What's up baby? Did you cook breakfast for your mom today?
We sell more Carnival Cruises for 4 straight years then any other Travel providers!That,s Why our prices is lowest.Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com
did it look ok in the mirror?
You give us hope love dreams faith and thats why we love you more than anything in this world.
I be looking FOINE! All for
Yay! Klebba-Waugh! Yay! Klebba-Waugh! The Collins House and the neighborhood are lucky to have you!!!
Club Pangaea/Gryphon 2nite!Major G.A.U.G.E. list. NFL players hosting/ Signature Models party!Inbox me names + hw many 4 free entry n drinks
Omg. It just hit me: I am missing my man to meet #TerryKiser. Guess acting is my real #1. Oops. I hope I don't miss a great match.
Are you here today? You're mission is to take a picture with Dr. Campbell. Tweet it or post it on Facebook. GO!
Vacation please!!!!! Any suggestions are welcome
aw <3 thank you! did you get our EP on itunes!?
I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book
#cards. Franklin can start by shaving off silly looking beard. Not exactly intimidating. Opponents likely cracking up before pounding him...
is skipping that little assemblage in Austin to spend the next 11 days at the 17th annual San Diego Latino Film Festival.
#drugreactions: It can be dangerous to suddenly stop taking a #drug with side effects. Ask your doctor.
"Like the picture not the link" um no i have a god dam right to like watever the fuck i want.
theres a homeless guy in Kevin's house
HAPPY BIG APPRECIATION DAY can't believe you are graduating next week. Love you!
When guys interview, wear blue, black, or grey suit, white or blue shirt, conservative tie. Garcia
Hey there! Are you recruiting for any Social Media/Marketing jobs?
thank you maggy :)
Hahaha Well, I'm in marketing, so my mom tells people I'm the piano player in a whorehouse.
Don’t it seem like, like I’m always there when it matters? But missing most of the other time, a terrible pattern.
MarkAnicas best. husband. Ever! : )
Ok, time for a riddle..What is it which is yours and you do not use, but others always do?
2012 year of the biz
I'm not sure? Does the Mr. Softee song make you want to stab your ears with hot pokers? I tried shazaming it but no luck.
Apparently you aren't familiar with the last 20 years. 4 Stanley Cups, an NBA 'ship, and a World Series appearance for the
yea I'm still at it we just had first practice 2day..I see u and wig doing yal thing out there that what's up.
That story is like an ab workout all in itself.
To the library.
How is a teacher late to the final exam? Come on, I have a 3:30 tee time. Smh
I Couldn't See Myself Havin A Baby Right Now. Just Can't.
Come to the Capitol Fourth on the mall....it will be a great show....
#neverforget to have enternal life with God you just have to accept him into your heart & ask for forgiveness of your sins ♥
this reference desk is off the hook!!
Just do it! Write that piece and speak your voice.
Hello beautiful, I hope you are well. I'm still a good listener if u ever want 2 talk. Take care of yourself please. Corey
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 20
Dont talk shit bout other folks if you have ever been talked about before. You know how it feels WTF LAME
what score man?
the whole team bro D-Fish eating to
Already ordered a bathmate
I love they are offically the best!!!!!
You're the one that did all the heavy lifting, hope you have a great time.
For Glee and New Girl? I don't know. For the show? Cause I have short hair.
just got off the phone with her thank you. :-)
I just ate all the salmon in the ocean
Yadin Kaufmann - founder of VC firm investing in Palestinian IT sector.
Finished planning my sister's visit: Sushi, Venice Beach, Univ Studios, beach, Spago, Rodeo Dr, Santa Barbara and taping.
TEACH ME MARVEL! HULK SMASH!
the best part about your article were the comments... Your article was garbage bud.
#WATER #Detoxifies your body and #protects your
This is the worst day fucking sucks.. I'm the only kid in my Forbes class... Like come on..
well what can I say... I'm hard to forget. hahaha ;)
Love that blue clutch! It IS All About The Accessories!
Why does Pujols wait until he's not a Cardinal to suck? Could have used that the past decade.
that's a bit (32 bits?) disappointing
I hope that isn't sarcasm! Haha
Video for fuss coming soon OH BOY
And these two 9 year old girls are doing some slutty Britney Spears dance in front of the neon escalators and the au-pair is reading Us Wkly
ugh! i need to do something or else i'll continue to stay trapped in the psychotic mind of mine
So, AAS is going on tour after this tour you're on right now? Where is the tour? the US?When will dates be announced? :)
So I thought they were doing a emergency excercise.. turns out one of my coworkers went down.. sucks... he's in ER
thank you 😁
I'm going to miss that spunky, quirky, fun music.
no problem man thanks for the tweet back
Thanks :-) Have a nice weekend!
Oh ya 96.5 is playing boyfriend :) rocking out while working
sports garden?!
>=| we cant have any of that nonsense, lets take care of this a west side story style (starts snapping fingers)
My baby better win
that one wasnt a strike? // who knows with this guy behind the plate?
wish I could have been there!
Amen -meek mill on repeat !
Wish you luck. It's hard competition out there.
Coming home and looking forward to adrian's conversations.
and no problem for the follow!! :)
Debate work. I have literally had no life since last weekend. Between debates and not having my phone.
Make it nasty
original Yugioh on hulu plus. Gonna be glued to my couch til i gotta go to work.
Have a great #weekend, everyone!
Wonder what tonight will bring me... Sometimes I have VERY strange dreams :)
We have cabinets of every style and color!!
Hi Michael. Thank you for following. I'll be sure to keep an eye on your march to the top. Best wishes and God Bless.
just ran in the rain that never came... I just finished a 5.07 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Energy Saving Strategy: Motion Sensors~provide light only when needed and save energy when rooms are unoccupied!
No worries, seems like it's going around. You're like the 4th person I know to have their account hacked.
made my heart hurt .. yeah i guess they moved out and landlord found her
lmao I'm talking about catching up with yo tweets
Gonna take my nap before work :)
im tired of being a nice guy and getting shit on by females...
today is assmilk
Not necessarily. T-Mobile, for example, offers value plan where you pay full price for phones ($600+), which appeals to some
Found a cute little orange salamander :3
wishing someone could buy me a ticket to see them in Portland on 4/27!
So sorry for your loss. There are so many unsung heroes of WWII.
where are u?!
the pageant is in 3 days hurry and get your tickets!
True dat Unto each life, a little cowbell must fall....
I'm following the hearing based on your tweets. Keep us posted, Khalilah!
Nice sunny day down here today. Ocean was glistening. Rained a little yesterday.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.- G.O'Keeffe
life is about taking chances....
#3words: Live Laugh Love :)
#MM :)! she's an Awesome person :) & equally Awesome singer/songwriter!
Good start Irish. Up 3 zip midway through the first
playing piano and reading Tolstoy.
I probably could! :) x
It is a very sad day for Norwegian poker. The world's best Thor Hansen has terminal cancer. He is now in a hospital recovering from surgery
OMFG. I cannot. I GUESS IT WAS MATING SEASON IF YAKNO WHAT I MEAN
must get off of my the computer
Way to go red legs. Getting back to .500 and 2nd place.
RT : At Grand Tasting the best was Chilean sea bass in VIP lounge; stay tuned to vevlynspen.com for more from fest, #nycwff,
Who's ready for the session tomorrow night? 626 S. Spring St. Downtown LA
Happy #2012 everybody! I'm planning on kicking some ass this year and I hope you are too. :)
+9.5 units yesterday. Another day in the black!
Trying to finish up the lesson for our small groups who are following the sermon series. This one is on Paul's conversion. So much to say!
“:Someone once asked me"Whats it like being so cool?"and I looked straight back into the mirror and said"Its a-ight"
Madeleine LEngle~ Thats the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious theyve been all along.
An idea - send me the million and we'll both be happy! See u at
#pw2012 federal reserve economist says the economic recovery on NM has been slow and slower in the north than the south
I'm afraid mine would not be appropriate for general Twitter, but there easy ones with Polk, Bush, Johnson, Harding
working on it!! school's over soon anyway :)
will do! Unfortunately I have a busy weekend, but nothing too active!
Thank you so much!! you're the best!
I actually talked to real people this weekend. It was weird.
haha, all kinds of yes to this ;)
haha that's an idea. They don't have the vintage game controller we put on hold 8 weeks ago anymore
RT : Social media has enabled athletes to become the media. Note the feed right now re: lockout.
Super motivated. Yep
to bring my Mommmyyy lunch :)
Monday's are busy, but they are also so full of promise!
I'm getting a Nook Color, but something like that would be nice.
Organic eggs, spinach and red onion with little cheese and Cholula!
Why is the boy that makes my heart break the same boy that makes it beat faster?
We went there in Cleveland, they had some great vegan options! Great place
tough life you lead! I think #zebracrossing ins showing for a week so hopefully you'll catch it (and write a nice review :-) x
RT : #Mariners win and so do you #chocolatechip? We are all #Winning here! #GoTigers. Now on to #Oakland. More cookies?
Ah, another nice day for a hike and a few wine tastings...like 10
niggaz these days need to stop dick riding other folks shit aint cool str8-up
feelin a lot of love here today! Thanks!
went to fish night at Village Inn!
which clip?
Making smarter decisions tomorrow. Bonne nuit!
hahaha imma be calling you after this Spain meeting! I wanna know the details!
actually we don't. We almost have 2 too many for our normal squad. Sorry man. Maybe here soon though.
already follows me but can i still have a shout out please jacob?!;D <3
Dinner with my MEISA wives ( & ) was wonderful tonight. As was , as always.
Awesome! RT : You know a program will be great when a prospective resource says "I'm so honored you want ME to meet with them!"
I'm feeling like I'm in a "get shit done" mode. I should probably take full advantage of this moment.
We now have more than 300 closures of schools, businesses, and day cares in Colorado because of
I am always interested in what you have to say.
gripe from today. A passerby stopped, saw my camera, then went out of her way to lean over the railing and stick her face in the shot. WTF?!
Netflix or HuluPlus?
Violet: "Good people don't just have a bad day and start shooting people." Teacher: "Maybe he wasn't a good person."
!!!!! RT : Music take me away with you. Wherever you go, I will I follow
What the hell is happening to you?
Today's a scorcher! Wanna be cool like me? Efficient air sealing and more can help your AC work more effectively! www.smartenergypays.com
So i was on the bus for an hour today.
Its probably time for me to get new Sperrys when i cant even tell what color mine were originally
dreams are good but they can be better if I'm in them!!!!;)
It's only a couple days of school left
Just came back in from NC and launched updates to www.belowthebrim.com... we are growing.
how about a different app??
Tired of all these porn tweeters ...I'm trying to figure out who the hell or what the is all about over Darius Morris . And all I see is BS
If you found the female/male version of yourself. Would you fuck her/him?
So sorry to hear that. Hope she feels better.
RT for a full week of all access members picks for a unbelievable price of 35$!! Regularly 139.95$ get the deal here
What did you do in corporate america?
4real? To pay for the club?
you shoot me down, but i won't fall
"Take your filthy goldfish!"-Ruta.
Loved the little kid sitting in that upper kitchen cabinet in that Hyundai commercial.
A Separation was indeed awesome.
If you ever want to do an internet radio show......I work for the first and largest.
“: Happy Opening Day Mets Fans! Who wants to join us at Citi Field today?” would love to!
5-hole... that is all.
Just had a great lunch with a pastor and his wife who been in ministry for 35 years. Can't tell you how many times we asked for wisdom!
TRIM should be enabled by default in W7, there are some guides online for some things you can disable.
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed. Sincerely~ no rush, though.
#artpolitics mobilization of aesthetics and affect
Everybody go follow my artist ! He's new to this twitter shit so show him some love!!
this weather makes us want to open up the Patio now! Well...ITS COMING SOON!
how do I get invited to FOUND?
Sounds fun! wheres that at
Congrats 2012 Movers & Shakers and ! Way to go!
I miss talking to you... #WhatTheActualFuck happened to us?
Thanks for visiting us on Friday!
same here. Hard to beat that workflow.
I have super sticky monkey glue in my hair from this test the tech said it wont come out for 3-4 days fml..
yes dude
fair point but i strongly disagree. Cams style of play is a video game
can summer please come faster?
im sick again
let them eat cake, right?
Praying I don't get the CBU kids sick...
When is NBC contract up? Don't forget ND likes the BCs, WFs, Dukes, UVAs, and UNCs of the academic world.
when have u ever seen some dude from park avenue act ghetto ???
All of the animals except for man know that the principle business of life is to enjoy it. ~ Samuel Butler
#ThingsThatMakeMeThinkNastyThoughts are when people eats banana xD ok no JK, and the words: long, short, big... Etc etc etc
Goodnight ugly bitches :)
Back in tweetland during daytime hours thx to iPhone
Every once in awhile I forget how good is, and then I'll hear a new song or classic and realize he is one of the greatest ever.
Ok now this nigga said "i dnt fuck if im a crip ill kill a crip to cuz" i made it out!
If only the world knew the truth.
Haha...blah. RT : what did u expect? LOL RT : "Hello gentlemen....oops and lady...."
I'm going with at least a 60.
Those animals who did survie and are still alive today, im srry 4 what you had to go through and may GOD be with you. :(
thanks bro.. ill see you in town soon.. probably just after the new year
follow and please :D x80
my sweet CJ. Thank you for being you, on good days & bad. We're behind you, win/lose/draw. :-)))
:) publicists hold all the power I guess... Can't wait to see what you guys have for us.
how does the pic violate the terms of service of Facebook?
I think it has that effect on everyone. Find a clip of her resignation during the sotu, that'll get you.
Rest In Peace. Junior Seau.
Aye! Lol thank u! RT : Ayye hold the bottles up... Hold the bottles up! Lol Happy Birthday on twitter! 🍸🍸🎂🎉🎉🎉🎈
OKAYOKAY! Only cause you guys asked for it! A couple more!
Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic. ~Jean Sibelius
Check these great people for
get ya self sum bags 2night my boy!!
im going to bed hahaha perfect timing i was just gunna say i cant do it now
Is dancing for me or is it just normal for me not go pick up any moves fast enough.!!! :(
Cause if you close your eyes it's a beautiful world.
Waiting for 2 LIVE CREW
Thanks for coming to the groundbreaking this morning.
If you need some help finding a place in Boston, let us know! Good luck with your move!
I'm not one to bitch out his kicks, but yesterday was the first time I thought his kick at the end was the perfect finish.
Good to know the feeling's reciprocated, though at least I'm a little more professional and only call her The Bitch on Twitter ;)
jammin' when you're home alone >>
i say yes lol
oh lily is my best friend like weve known each other since we were 3
How come your not respectful to girls?
Nothing like a movie theater full of people singing "My Heart Will Go On" 15 years later. Hahaha
Much cooler today, should be able to make the full 11am-5pm haul. Lots of Caprese specials & goodness
Thanks for following us! Enjoy our videos!
Lomboso, associated with Atavism, thought that some people are born criminals. Atavism is, therefore, a biological theory.
He at golddiggers =/.
This is an arse whipping!
WHat?!?! WTF?!? Ok I see how it is.. You choose LIFE over BASEBALL.. And you call yourself a "Friend" BAH!
MY Devils are up 3-0, but, courtesy of regional programming, I have what looks like U of Michigan v Badgers.
When you like" How tf did we even get on this subject?
"that should've been a shot clock violation" & "Refs were right to let the game flow" are mutually exclusive.
Just used for the first time to get to the airport. Lovely and way better than a cab!
well, im happy everything is going well
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children. -Maxim Gorky
oh girl I am just so proud of you 👍
it ain't over till the crazy Ranger fans cry. and... I WANT THEM TO CRY!!!!! #rangersfansarecrybabies #andcomplainers :)
itll be fixed with a new owner. your new team will move again shortly, smallest market in the nhl + small arena = failure
14 days left until the JPA 5k- Grant Park Sept 16! Register now @ www.juvenile.org. Support a great cause & have fun! Please RT!
If a Border War happens and nobody gets to see it, does it really happen at all? Answer me,
wtf...this is why no one parties with you. smdh. well when are YOU free?
lucky you
Thank you for the RT
18 minutes in and I've already said "that's fucked up." twice.
That awkward moment when indiana has a more famous state fair than wisconsin.
Anyone know any decent s best quotes get tattooed on me
I'm at Laurie's Home Furnishings
I paint murals, you paint pictures. I read the whole story, you read the back. Look at others perspectives before you judge.
Two hits in a row!
RT Wtf does Ron Ron be smoking? Lol >well he in cali so u know could be something crazy lmao
state your complaint as a "concern" Also broaden it to more than just yourself. Cite stats on unemployment, salaries, etc?
AJ Green Machine and Geno Atkins!!! Go Bengals!!!! Shots!!!!!
Probably getting my graduation dress legit the day before graduation. Just the way I do thangss
Day 2 of Martin Cnty BBQ Fest and the Q already smells awesome!
thank you. It's been about a year that and I have been facilitating #shehechat and we have fun with it.
I know lol I would have been so nervous lol yeah I was gonna ask you if you caught that
LOL RT : If I had a twin it'd be named Jessica.
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the false friend that hugs you. Careful who you trust #Don'tBeNaive
Is she even a woman? : But Michelle Bachmann says the GOP is extremely "pro-women." Is she misinformed??
RT If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
yep sorry. California ppl=sucky
Tryna stay up
Thank you! I'll have to check out some supplies from your awesome website..they look fabulous!
Please Facebook, set up a site for only foster care kids who need to report probs in their homes...reporting useless situations
im crushin on !
I shouldn't feel bad.
If I were brave enuff, I'd take a bike & hold a sign that says, "Respect your elders...Ride with an Old Lady" lol
Lunar eclipse visible from Africa, the Middle East, Europe, So. America, Asia, Australia, the Indian Ocean. Hey, Moon: What about Baltimore?
Steampunk jewelry 25%off! www.kodashii88.etsy.com only two days left!
#Jazz in #Lakewood tonight: Queen City Jazz Band, Swing Shift, and Neil Bridge 7+ at 7:30 pm at Mile Hi Church's Vogt Center Auditorium
Lots of #brewers fans taking over the CTA tonight in Chicago!
Ditto J-ville!!!
No plans for tonight? Go to the Clayton center at 7:30 for an a+ ballet! Buy your tickets at the door
": No words." Wtf happened man. This is so upsetting.
Follow me and i will??(:
Marquis gon make me go outside with him in this rain watch
same here ! row 12 :) oh my gosh , I am beyond excited to see 1D in concert :D
omg I didn't hear you!! I thought you ass dialed me!!
RT : Next event will be the girl talk conference. June 25th for teenage girls. 1701 n. Gay st. Find out how to register!
Requesting Huck Finn Blues by Brad Paisley
Now Find Great Deals on FlyKLIA When You Fly to Malaysia
what kind is hers
Promo code " Stay15 " .
I Dream In Colour!!
I'm having one too okay LOL
My bad day turned into a wonderful day! :)
Just got to the meeting ! Tonights gonna be poppin!
Being rushed off the phone <
Good morrow ! (For that's your name, I hear.)
I really wish you would drop everything now
Hello everybody, taking a break from playing and training for the whos enjoying outside today???
~ GOOD MORNING AND THANK YOU TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS... I SEND YOU MY LOVE ~
Next time I will make it very obvious just for you!
For who and by when?
#3day Torrey Pines passed and cheers and great quotes I can't repeat here.
Spray tan time! It really takes a lot of work to be a girl on New Year's Eve.
At CEO Roundtable w/ Rear Admiral Sean Pybus, Commander of the Naval Special Warfare Command. Go Navy SEALS!!
Dude I had an amazing time tonight.
What kind of fish did you make?
I Followed :D
I have a feeling that our use of computers/phones at this hour isn't helping either! :)
alright thanks for the shout out!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETS! enjoy today tmrw & your weekend ;) <3
Adam is taking me out for my favorite Beer & Cheese soup in Atlanta tonight at 57th Flighter Group to cheer me up.
TY for the shout out!
Come hear what Katie Curcio from CBS News has to say about Broadcast Opportunities
Aient i laughing at these haters tryn to take a shot at me....
I wanna learn Spanish. (via ) I want to learn Spanish also!!!
Ever star reading reviews in the #AppStore & realize 3 hours later people are SASSY about spending $.99 and getting something "useless"???
- flowbees ensure fashionable haircuts for budget conscious bachelors everywhere! I too like the horsies.
Wednesdays are like Mondays in the middle of the week! ~Lee Fox Williams
Berto Just Demolished that guys whole face. Haiti stand up!
I'm less than whole and trying to fill the void with snacks, bad movies and art.
#GoTribe this is a little late but
SECRETS are my new favorite band. Damn, I can't get their songs out of my head.
If you'd like to refer clients to Lead Network, we'll send you a check for 25% of the monthly amount that we earn from each prospect.
And Joey Bedlam enters The Court of the Crimson King...
How's this pitch? The Last Three Minutes Of BOOGIE NIGHTS: In 3D! "I'm a star. I'm a big bright shinning star" Everyone put on your glasses!
Going to run some errands..BRB.
dey shut down another lil get together lol i got out that jam
can i please have a follow
they were a great client! I've been a fan for a while, too. It was surreal to work with them.
if u ever say yolo again ill punch you in the throat with a throwing star
Homes that are built on anything other than love are bound to crumble. -Billy Graham
29 points?!? Locking up all sharp objects, grabbing a jar of nutella, putting in a Disney movie and going to bed.
check www.firmsolutionsltd.com & see how our solutions can help you improve efficiency, profitability & productivity.
loyo ass gone die
Someday I will walk the Roslyn escalator and not get winded...
writing in all caps when i dont feel like writing >>
Council meeting for public input on Mayor's proposed FY13 budget today at 6pm!
Today is the 1st day of open enrollment for Fall
I think you should change your last name to Dolin!
The only thing keeping me from driving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
Am I the only one on the planet without a tumblr
when is your next performance?
RT : Wishing everyone at Clark CSM a happy and safe New Years from G. County // same to you, see you soon!
About to go meditate. :)
And you?
'I'm not gon' get mad, I just wanna know the truth' <----- don't fall for that shit...
Jersey sheets are dangerous...so comfy...falling asleep on my 742 reading
im good hbu?
Me, too!!! Look out NY, I am on the prowl for the best theatre to see it in ... Choices, choices!!
... that Indonesia may win! D:
what lol I love Black girls too ;) <3
Nice job! RT Just flipped my tassel! #IITgrads2012 Congrats ACE graduates!
music, jesus...the usual.lol u?
Advice: Never take an entire year to finish your incomplete. You won't remember what you read, and you won't care about the topic anymore
We be awkwards. 😉
If you're a jerk just make fun of yourself and everything will be okay. Just ask Alec Baldwin. How many commercials reference this?
my girlfriend doesn't care at all. about anything.
Rehabs been extra rough I'm very sore out of energy but I see the light and will make it! Ty to all that's helped!
great seeing you tonight!
Alison Bechdel talks about autobiography and the graphic novel for FREE at the Central Library! May 10, 7pm. Reserve your free tickets:...
Smosh videos \m/ Funny (:
It's the best! Why can't you just admit that it's not your granddad's framework and use the RubeGoldberg 2.2 nodegem?
Today in the office - thinking about creating a communist e-mail and arguing about "awesome" vs. "epic"
Considered saying thank you to a crow I saw today eating the moths.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
me too!:O
faneuil hall, Harvard Square, and Prudential Center. grr.
listenen to funny dj by gummibar
We should just start a monthly cookie swap!
I hate taking naps late at night because I always sleep too long and end up still awake at 3 am.. Smhh
Thanks for the #FF, Patty! Enjoy your weekend.
Voted today with Norris and James. proud to vote for sensible Republicans who will not kill the coal that turns the lights on!
sweet, will check those out. thanks!
someones having a good day ha
Well, FWIW, I disliked Sacha Baron Cohen's brand of comedy before it was cool to dislike Sacha Baron Cohen's brand of comedy.
sounds really great i tool my mom too hometown buffett and gave her $100 for the casino you met me so thats not too bad baby
Okay, I never said he wasn't. I said he's less clutch than Bron. You catching feelings because I'm talking about your bf dawgs?
Been WAY too long since I've been there. Enjoy!
Thanks to Ann Braude who told me to speak up in class b/c I had good things to say. Taught me how to help other quiet girls.
Did anyone EATor make any awesome FOOD this weekend? Let us know!!!!!!!!!!!
get into a church as soon as possible, and invest there.
It's Friday and you want go out in style. Contact us! We have the best cars for you
While watching the Straw Dogs remake is a swift reminder they can push out impotent, faceless entertainment despite this.
I was ALWAYS sure that #Stelena is endgame, I just wanted to show ppl the kind of love that S&E have together :)
Dude never ever think that one chance is all you have at anything. Unless u are over and not breathing there is always tomorrow.
i re-twee-d the only thing i know. Have emails out to those involved.
The right man will lift you up and believe in you, the wrong man will hold you back.
Young enough to know I can, Old enough to know I shouldn't, Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Now claims 2 "understand" his #Catholic faith 2 B that "we put our trust in PEOPLE not in government" where's his trust in GOD?
you know they are talking about women in general, not just you!!
You all need to make your way to Hawaii to visit me. I'm on an island full of men.
do yourself a favor and avoid all the Leinie's beers. try something local like Lakefront Brewery or Sprecher or New Glarius!
omg -____- scat can go rot
When im late to class the whole class turns around and looks
#iplspring color trademarks: early cases (e.g. A. Leschen & Sons Rope Co. v. Broderick, 1906) were skeptical of color trademarks
Let's let the guy with the bullet in his stomach drive. Good thinkin'.
Way past my bedtime but so worth it. Busted out skills learned & networked the crap out of that event!
I turn to 98.3 and Demi Lovato is playing! Excellent option
Today I will throw a shiny penny into my pool in hopes of reversing your run bad. The penny will always be there.
Mandalay Bay "Resortists like Options": Mandalay Bay "Resortists like Options" *Resortists play by their own rule...
Hoe in that case we gone be traveling backwards -___-
THEY SAY WEED AIN'T EVER THE ANSWER BUT, THEY DON'T KNOW THE QUESTION RENT OR BAIL? I BELIVE IN HEAVEN, BUT.. THIS CAN'T BE HELL?
are you getting strawberries too?
#thegreateststoryevertold Um... REALLY PEOPLE?? Come on, says who!!?? Psssshhhh
Real people can spot a fake anywhere,so ALWAYS STAY TRUE.....ESPECIALLY TO YOU!K.Moffitt
I plan on seeing it too. Saw it in NYC. Bernadette was awesome and heart-breaking.
RT : it be like that sometimes tho right ?
Did you know Bliffert Lumber is on Twitter??? Follow us for all sorts of lumber and hardware related fun!
I swear my mama ask me for money everyday ...pointless..
off to europe...
No problem, sorry those bottles end up being geysers.
yeah, boxcar is a very smart workaround for the issue. i say give it a shot!
give me some luv you big teddy bear
No kidding, I could have one right.now.
If your company thinks using Adwords is a violation of users' privacy, you're gonna have a bad time. Also, this is why I won't work for you.
One of my childhood heroes, debuts on the summer's biggest show America's Got Talent () tonight. I wonder how he'll do?
like and I need an excuse! Feel free to share any special taps that might entice us
Charters may differ from traditional public schools, but they're still public schools. No amount of rhetoric can refute that.
Lol I Know...Be Ready To Chump A Nigga Off
Low-glycemic formula for sustained energy
hahah Of Course. Thanks! Silly typo!
I actually have a friend named Silky, though he hasn't been seen in years.
Is that MacRuby on Rails? Didn't know that worked yet, cool!
At WSB this morning (Tv Channel 2 & 750 am Radio). Putting together some radio spots with client A & A Safe, Lock & Door. Spots are great!
Watchin Avatar is like looking at an aquarium on acid. Would have loved Eddie Murphy as lead. Mystery Science Theatre 3000 treatment next.
OnLy aN h0uR & a half left..!
no age limit but the song needs to be age appropriate. Arian busting out a Britney Spears ringtone?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
I think the only reason I subscribe to Encore and Starz is that there's always a slight chance that "Casino" or "Goodfellas" may come on....
Iapparently an accident on the Commodore Barry has been causing major delays for folks heading to PPL on 95 & the Blue Route.
Out of $600 NLH. The bus can't fold toptop to 120bb riv raise after I bet turn. Then top flopped set looses to riv flush. Then KJ ng on J93
ooh I want to see pics! You rock that cut
haha girl c'mon. You know me! I'm on my level!
Aha Got Lil Greg Pussy Whiped And Brain Washed Already YOU MAD? Lmao
Oh, okay.
hippies cry to much getting pepper sprayed, we usually bust out the bean bag gun
Thanks for the feedback!
haha I tried :)
thanks guys. Cheers
Wow The Notebook makes me hate life.
Goin home for STEAK NIGHT!~
Get after it boys. Wish I could be there to cheer my bros on.
www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com
hates Friday afternoon traffic (don't worry, I'm not driving and twittering!)
I understand you.
Yes, I will happily tell you more information about Buraka Som Sistema.
I mostly just want someone I can check in with once a month to keep me on track and give me workout assignments.
Do you know what you *don't* do in your business? It's a vital part of knowing what your strengths are.
i bet! I went to bed at 2 and got up at 6!
I want to visit Hy-Brasil
You RTed that for me didn't you? :-) This will be great!
Who's excited about ? We are!
Might I recommend you stick around for your masters and PhD? Won't stop the clock but you'll have 5 more years!
“: I just did”I followed back already
I am getting an education in painting today, that's for sure.
lmao we just posted the same thing! Coyote ugly?? Lol
Dark Shadows was pretty good! a great vampire movie that would watch again unlike the overrated series which better not make any more.
Thanks, I do know some HTML/CSS, so I may go with user instruction.
UROCK Tour invited us to come meet up with yall tonight @ bb king in time square. I apologize we can't be there.
"A Prayer for the Wild at Heart That Are Kept in Cages" or "A Riot in the Heart With Nothing to be Done Come Ruin or Rapture"
#ireallywant Napoli to hit a bomb off CJ to eliminate the Angels from post season contention
You are hilarious! So glad You get to share it with everyone (well,guess I wish it was just me, but can't be stingy)
#Madonna rocked the #superbowl. One of the best halftime shows ever IMHO.
a rare situation that basically forces him to do so. He admitted previously to not even watching the flipping Winter Classic
I believe in the grizzlies
No offense to , but I'm making my own list of "Best Pictures"... Thoughts on best Boston photos?
I love mornings - and the startling revelation that my seatbelts work.
What's next? Is it ? Definitely has the potential to be so... Think of Twitter with video...
"Who Is Paul McCartney" I'm ashamed.
And the baby stops crying.
Im not getting my phone connected back on Friday :( well this officially sucks man im out.
Austin people are so different than DC people.
You will be missed by many...to include me! Thanks Charla for who you were and the impact you made on women and how they feel.
The bold times are PM, regular times are AM. Hope this helps!
Really? :-( I don't have enough experience with CAS to know if what I suspect about one of my kids is true :-(
Make sure you include some drawers for shredded papers. And no, nothing will be free. Starbucks inside, perhaps?
The GOP should stand out of respect. I like how Obama called them out on signing the "no taxes" agreement.
Attention drink makers: the first of you to make an unsweetened ginger soda, I was order it from you by the caseload.
Bush was one of the worst presidents we have had, and Obama is doing a lot of the same things I hated Bush for
“: HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY!”
I am so sorry to hear of a rash of ACL & MCL injuries not just in the Brewers/mlb, but NBA. I ruptured my MCL & understand the pain
No problem!
I think I met the man of my dreams!
Strategic dissonance, strong beats and vocals with well-placed mixed meters are the keys to my musical heart.
I'm well. Just got to math class hby :)
Congrats! Much deserved! RT For the 2nd Yr in a Row, #Louisiana Ranks in Top 10 for Governor's Cup.
Seoane’s Landscaping in Abington has a history of helping out
is enjoying a #PBR aka pizza I share with my pug :) and I'm watching Great #PGA #Golf =
Thanks for the follow!
cant win em all
New Year's Eve parties with Duck fans in LA for Rose Bowl just picking up now. Bring on 2012! Watch at 11
Ty Lawson is tearing it up right now...
Hey thanks for the 6 new shirts today :) Unfortunately they all went 50% off the day after my order :(
it felt good to come home from work and not work today.
Oh, yeah: 4. I want intel I can USE, not ads.
i knowww.its hard to get him to notice you!but me and one of my friends are inlovve with him and he dmed her.she screamed<3
I had Mike Hard's last night, but it I got Cranberry Lemonade. Good shizz
Nice -Tae CasH
...or not. Wow is right!
GEORGE HILL!!!!
I put a lot of time and thought into that had to make sure it all fit
Great point! RT Why isn't or the live-tweeting #ThePitch right now? Missed oppts.
yeah buddy!!
Seriously? One of my best friends is African-American so dont even go there with me. Dont even get me started, you will not like the outcome
Kick back and relax, you're on vacation
I'm jealous!
i have no idea what that even is
HELP, I like Canada but luv the Caribbean.....
Indeed. Uncle Phil won't be pleased if you show up in Eugene rockin' the three stripes.
he's just one of those artists that does not have a bad song
Null don't bring LeBron name in this!!!! Hahaha!
Ok, problem is fixed. Try it again.
Yup. I love the Halsted. Actually, your city bike write-up was the first time I heard about the Halsted being used as a daily driver.
How to Respect The Game: An Albert Pujols guide.
May 22, 2012 ; I'm ready to walk across the stage & get my diploma :)
take notes lol
The medical alert system will transmit a signal to the control base or hq, which will send an emergency medical personnel to the scene.
Mad at
the hype is real, Brian.
The -30- was a nice touch.
Philippians 4:4 ; Even in my darkest moments, I need to thank the Lord for all that I have, truly rejoice in him. I'm keeping this in mind.
Happy Milwaukee Day to all our friends in the 414!! We love Milwaukee today and everyday!!
just ate ALL of her shrimp for the first time ever! I'm so proud of her (':
I mean Mothers day in England was like two months ago! :O
Tf I hate it when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back too sleep
I just went by "your" grocery store. Steps still there.
You can't find 6 people in Tennessee who doesn't care about it. The South and football go hand and hand.
Anyone else participating in the upcoming PLP eCourse on Web 2.0 tools? I'm looking forward to learning new strategies and techniques.
Down by 18 points in my fantasy football playoffs with Mike Wallace and steeler defense left to play...hope I can pull it off :-)
I am struggling all I want to do is shoot flames from my palms at people today- its not rocket science- stop making it more complicated!
If I ever make the Jeep into a hot rod, I’ll start a blog called “Making it Deadly.” What else would a lowered roadster postal jeep be.
The Avett Brothers are headlining at the Chesapeake Energy Arena. Hit the big time much?
Day of uncertainty begins with gunfire in Egypt
please follow!! Pleeeaaasseeee!
Cher Lloyd, One Direction, & Chris Rene all just played in a row on the radio. Like, what are they trying to do to me?....
You should try contacting Nick Hamm at Momentum Entertainment Group.Ex Campbellian, Great Irish Filmmaker. Send him a copy
xD lol yea i do n i thought u knew o_O
“Faith makes: The uplook good, the outlook bright, the future glorious.”
yes, it was me. Check out my first uploaded images on here.
idk this is just a blue print idea lol
thans for follows
thanks girl I will
big theme in L.A. Literature.
#FF Thanks guys!
Hasso Plattner poses another question, "What are examples of some #applications built on #HANA"
for real?! Or is it a joke...
Getting setup for the Orlando Food and Wine Fest @ Lake Eola Downtown Today and Sunday from Noon to 9pm! Come enjoy a beautiful weekend!
Production meeting = beers at the Chieftain!
Every semester, I can imagine the face of every student who didn't pass, and I can see ten things that could have be done, and I'm sad.
Looking forward to the Music and Pancake Benefit.. was at Coda last night.. awesome venue and fantastic music!
All best to you. Now accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world. Contact:
RT Find someone who wants you just as much as you want them!!
My new quest in life is to try all of the Japanese Kit-Kats
definately check out Gotham Comedy Club!!
3275 first level connections..I love being a connector of people and ideas....how can I help you?
well at least for you
ULTRABAR THURSDAY 4th YEAR ANNIVERSARY COME OUT LETS GO SEND FULL NAMES TO 202-200-7627 FOR FREE ENTRY
me up too!
RT : Protect your loved ones. I’m helping spread the word about the need 4 #lifeinsurance U have it?
taisa is my best friend <3
yeah everythangs good...
RT Big fan, I like your mini buzz videos. :) *thank you so much. that makes my day!*
- Thanks for the #Shoutout!!
why does a butterfinger get SO stuck in teeth
Publerati is building a list of fine fiction for ebooks. New Website just went live. Thanks to Tracey Tucker for all her great work.
Step into the supernatural. You weren't made to window shop but to participate with God!
Fill in the blank: the possibility I am creating today for me and the people in my life is______________!
sorry for keeping you up. xoxo
Oh Lord!!! SMH RT : haha did the heat loose or something?
Loved seeing on Magazine Street on Saturday...I may or may not have rolled down my window and excitedly said hi to him...
#Celtics look to deal #Rondo for #CP3, #Pacers mentioned as possible third team #Granger, rumors say CP3 won't take Celts extension
Just goes to show that the average Asian can spell rings around we Americans, but can they slam dunk a basketball?!!!
Its such a beautiful day! Enjoy!
Yeah, I know. But they haven't done one like that in awhile. Its depressing
I just got super pissed real fast & IDGAF
Ok, so my family and I have made a move toward a healthier lifestyle. We've decided to become vegetarians.
Today: We are EXPERTS at getting your child to take medicine! We can flavor, put in a Popsicle or lollipop – you name it! Call 412-681-6
Getting followed by would be the equivalent to meeting him. For me at least.
You beat me to tweeting this RT::It's an honor to be a Spartan. Be very loud about it. Be very proud about it. Go Green, Tom Izzo
Healthcare not Gov biz. Last time I checked the USA peeps payed taxes incld the salaries of GOP. Oh wait maybe drug comp pay those salaries?
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 24
saw them at the scream tour
anyone know a good publicist???
I think I may name my first kid Seneca. It is a requirement that he have that beard.
I'm jealous! One of these days I'll get to the opening night for HHN. This year looks better than last year.
Fuck you target for closing at 9
I think you need to follow me!:) and press that follow button;)
Justice played for Shelby valley not Shelby county as Verne Lundquist just said
Thanks for spreading the word!
Heroes in a half shell, TURTLE POWER!
Thousands of feet in the air over Godknowswhere. On way to Payments 2011.
Great show on Friday. U all rocked!
Board votes 7-0 to rename Profit Magnet School to Liberty Academy.
just research man!
Black Friday 2011: the best apps and services for holiday shoppers
honest woman
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Hahaha!!! M...sounds like ANOTHER great night, DaDa! ;-) Def love threats!
Likewise and hooray for tacos! : hi guys. Good to see you today :)
Cleveland city boy, yes we the best, reppin till I die, got it tatted on my chest.
I kinda think Johnny Depp is the hottest guy in the world.
I'm packing in plastic bags again...
Boutros Boutros Ghali quote just dropped in discussion of grant application process?
Exactly. You must have encountered the same one!
I love Stephen Fry RT : Perth hosting #CHOGM this w/end so I won't be the only queen in Western Australia it seems.
I worked really hard, and the publishers helped with the remaster as well. Thanks so much for your support!!
We could not be more excited for all of our new vendors for #GYGO on April 26th!
Wow a great visionary gone. RIP Steve Jobs. Prayers go out to the family.
Wrapping up lose ends before flying 2 Chicago 4
Do you have strawberry jam for me?? :-D
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - George Patton
Listen to Laura Steele 10a-3p tomorrow for your shot at tix in Kasey's Korner for Nascar !
EVERYONE!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Show this clip on SN tomorrow!
can't wait to give away free EWC gifts at ladies' night tonight
but yooo got sum new dope ass shit yo!! go shop mayneee!
[7] ... Sam Harris proposes that ridicule & ostracism be wielded against stupid, dangerous ideas, ...
We still need some #NYE2012 plans!!!
Now grandpa is asking me the difference between Facebook and Twitter. I swear we had this conversation at Christmas. They just don't get it
but I didn't want to .
Boycott #PennSt, until everybody gets that's involved gets fired. Never been a better time to use the #deathpenalty .
It is also important not to loose focus on the difficult transition our sisters and brothers endure in the mideast. They must be defended.
Lunch at Station North Arts Cafe (12th District!)
So depressed. I just want to fucking LEAVE.
is it just me or are people riding like idiots on the west side hwy bike trail... and then throw in people walking and texting to that..
I'm so happy I sat with you last night. Come to Boston soon!!
I can't find it anywhere.
Baking lesson. Let's see what I burn!
New Shaolin temple in Fleischmanns opens its doors this Saturday - Watershed post
it was actually pretty good. It was bacon wrapped too
psoriasis & scabies. It also helps alleviate pain associated with cuts, burns & other skin irritations as it heals these problems.
You were my first tweet! Now, I don't know what you just said? I'm trying to figure out this tweet deck thingy?? lol
Top 4 judges all-time. A) Judy, B) Brown, C) Wapner or D) Reinhold LETTERS ONLY!
#TeamFollowBack follow us and we will follow back..
Thank you Will for ordering the BSU game at our cabin retreat. Why is it we left town for a weekend in the mountains?
Central, eastern Europe swelter in record heat
do either of you gals have a good dev you can refer me to for some small fixes this weekend/ongoing?
hahahahhaa. YES. nailed it.
Five ways to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in Chicago
Need to get on my shizznitz..
thank you
Never been so damn sober lol feel like a new born
I can't make this stuff up lol
I made pancakes this morning without burning a single one. I am evolving as a chef.
Is Yves ok?
Did you read about the HS basketball team that can't go play in AZ? USSportspages.com
Free web hosting - for information send an email to , or visit website
feel like I'm in a real life episode of Infested. Get me outta here!!!
Is this what Mother's day is supposed to be like?
#ff Shout out to all the great physician leaders in social media on National Doctors Day
enjoy your eggs and butter, we'll enjoy the cookies :) which are actually for you, so get excited
Love it.
Last night left us looking forward to today! Call 855-DRWIGGY 2 book a free, "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days" seminar. www.drwiggys.com
Welcome new followers! + others! Thanks!
MY LIFE. MYLIFEMYLIFEMYLIFE
"I know Kanye a jerk how could you say that/He rode me and my mama around in his Maybach"
I'm heading to #RubyRiot and just signed up. Thanks.
Thanks! :D
oh because I want to see it but apparently it's not playing here.
If my life were a little different these days, I'd pop into Bklyn, stop by, and do some prying myself. Hope it goes well.
"I have a lot of skeletons in my closet." -a cheesy anatomy professor or a clever seriel killer
LOL - walk out. Don't come back with jellybeans. Priceless! Hahaha!
Nothing's worse than halfass loyalty, it's either you down for me or you not.
Tell your dopey sportscaster that Roy Halladay did not pitch tonight.
Oh, yeah. Looks like we've found the exclusive hotel sponsor for this year's Stayed tuned for announcement!
Ah, a turtleneck. Of course.
in fairness, only 10 minutes was Ryan Braun adjusting himself between pitches.
Are you a dancer that wants to break into the modeling or music industry? Wanna be seen in real videos,magazines,tv movies etc? nbox4detail
This basically sums up my current state! “: #UTAOU I am putting a box around the whole weekend. Whoop!”
Is there anything else that I need to do on my end?
‎2More Days Into The Mixtape "I Demand Attention" aha
Mission --> Vision --> #Brand positioning --> Brand promise
Been in the studio for the past 5 days working hard on completing the #PartyLove EP we are almost done guys stay tuned!
You should be with me long term.. ;)
good Win tonight for Smokin Trees and Strokin' 3's
Trying to priceline hotel rooms for upcoming East Coast shows. Thank heavens for priceline.
yes we follow you too (^_^) Thanks the follow from the SJS Team!!!
I know I just turned it on, but you better plan on playing The Come Up w/ !!!!
kind of surprised Graham didn't say Obama had thrown up a gang sign at God.
Barrera also suggests alcohol and oil taxes.
Anyone know someone with retail HR.Mgr exp in AZ and IL. ? DM ur resume to me ASAP
Q2: Chapter history can be overlooked in transitions. How does your Chapter keep your story going?
...or I've had too much time on my hands. *sigh*
Happy day-before-earth day. Hydroponic/aeroponic system GR8 4 urban dwellers, kids. More info, send me direct msg.
Damm I have english tommorow its so boring we write an essay everyday
My My Player team on NBA 2k11 just laughably traded Andre Miller for Hedo Turkoglu... Not so sure the Blazers would go for that one now!
Third engagement announcement in four days. Thanks #Facebook for the consistent reminder of my never-impending marriage
The Notorious B.I.G "When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick"
i miss you more !
it's what's for dinner!
I guess he does. RT Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part. Wait, does he even count?
Hungry or bored?
Resist notion that the museum is the primary author of experience…imagine creativity as a cultural and civic endeavor
What? Where did you read that??? Confirmed? BTW, hope you are feeling a little better today! :)
Pythagoras~ Rest satisfied with doing well and leave others to talk of you as they please.
What we learned from Where the Wild Thing Are (Spike Jonze version): How to get Mom to give me cake in the middle of the night!
Hey stalker;))haha
“Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” — Coco Chanel
can you please tell us why has such a strong hatred towards LeBron? Hes starting to sound pathetic ..
Not trying to be a homer but the are embarrassing the #Bulls. Not to mention my boy Lavoy Allen is killing it.
Just played a Fender Rhodes!
Chivalry is not dead, if a little weird.
Some ppl just dont know how to b in a relationship smh.
tru, :)) idnt miss jersey not even a little lol
Can someone please come up with a weight limit for skinny jeans 0_0
Despite the feelings I had 10 years ago, I'm starting really LOVE the Strokes.
he was hilarious!!
Yea to grocery store sushi
That tweet wasn't addressing the Martin case...I thought it illustrated how flawed hate-crimes are.
you have no idea. I've been there. As a matter of fact, some of my first tweeted pics are from Sergio's. The place is crazy
don't worry i'm random too haha
Who makes more out of less athleticism.. Andre Miller or Paul Pierce?
Quality storm coming into downtown KCMO from JOCO. Fantastic view of it coming in from my apt window.
What do you think about Lawrie's groin? I am leery now...groins are slow healers and linger from my experiences?
Make that money rain as they taking off they clothes..
Congrats to Chris Plummer. Oldest actor to receive best supporting actor Oscar.
Global studies sophomores are fake as fuck. #NeverTrust 🙅
hey i see you in the t.v section
Damn Ive been faded ass fuck all day <3 I love these days.
is gorgeous.
11 AM until we run out.
"How do we design systems for the way people really learn?" asks
burbs of chicago
Hold me now, I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking, maybe six feet ain't so far down
patio sing-a-longs?!? NO! Idk bout "too much"...sounds perfect to me ;)
My head hurts. 2 quizzes today
And a #FF to you, too!
#Lakers TV announcer on final play: "That was the worst play I have ever seen in basketball."
All celtics right now.
Time to fail another Chem test!! Woo. Go me.
Wrapping up after a great #mw2012 many thanks!
": Think Rex Ryan might shut up now? Doubtful. Thanks Dolphins!" He needs to coach with his brother, Fat Zeus.
Made myself the greatest playlist ever. All the songs are by the weeknd. I'm set
But you feel good now! Happy writing :)))))
end of day is 11:59pm, Pacific., close of business means 6pm, Pacific
Good morning #LosAngeles! It looks like it's going to be a beautiful week here in Southern California
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, or the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. ~Charles Darwin
RT : Do you have a coach? Who and why did you pick him/her?
Thanks for all of your help with the CDA proposals. You rock!
5 months ago I was told I had a brain tumor. Now I have been told it has spread. Please pray for me.
Accident on the I-480 Valley View bridge coming home from the west side about an hour ago. Yes, and a long backup.
hi baby;)
Just realized I did the music monday thing today...it's Tuesday.
busog again.. :D.
Ut oh. I think my 10-month-old likes Azealia Banks.
YouTube will teach you! Haha
Q4 Don't panic! Continue developing skills and work on any holes in your skill set.
eating popsicles like a slut
Really hoping this wave of unwellness I'm feeling isn't the oink-oink.
I AM SO EXCITED.
I'M CRYING. RT north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO
Thanks, you got it!
Drawer Flat | Office Furniture
um... the things people do..
santos to fast young and strong
At Dominican hair salon in Silver Lake under the dryer. I dread this!
Jennifer Weiner champion of plus size women everywhere.
hey yo its time for u to tweet sumthing its been months come on now TWEEt
too late for Newt?
:) RT : Umm, I don't usually bet with Billionaires MT : I hear CB & are going to make a bet on NJD/NYR
Grand River never looked so nice lol
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Henry County until 02:45 PM
Do something special for your Mom this Sunday & make a reservation ! Every Mom receives a beautiful Mexican paper flower...
Ouch! Didn't know that; makes a PO Box much less attractive.
#envision. A little tight at the head table but anxious to hear
I feel like we need this to happen right meow!
Good luck today.
It wouldn't take a restaurant of this calibre to get you into the sack...
Jazz is always better chunky.
YES! Driving me insane.
Yankees win this if Teixeira gets a hit.
Ur not just some female to me so y would you want a nigga to treat u that way??
Hearing Rick Pitino and Richard Pitino to the #Knicks - always trying to 1-up Calipari
I'm sure I can find a video clip, it was only for a few seconds, but mad people told me saw it lol
When something's on your mind-- #WRITE about it! Words have healing power!!!
Happy Anniversary Titanic<3 100 years old and still not forgotten <3 R.I.P to all those who died in the sinking <3
Nice!!! One of the Awards that I actually cared about, congrats to Gore Verbinski and the creative team of Rango!!!
Partisan politics or American pragmatism.
Ditto. 19 was when I was at my fittest. But I have been doing a lot of cardio lately at the gym lately & it feels good.
today I'm going to pre-order WWE 12!
The awkward moment when you see Spider-Man and you chase after him. #ThatsMe w/
sexual frustration for one direction, will be the death of me.
In the social services field, we may or may not occasionally place bets on how many people will cry in our one on ones that day.
Thanks again for RT
try wondering where the last 11 went!
RADAR's gonna get on that! Thanks for the tip!
thanks for tweeting sissy! <3 you!
Hey , your broken on the follower/followee lists.
I'm into things outside of social, but display ads on social I don't "buy into." Search marketing makes sense to me.
Diana Ross had the #1 song on this day in 1980 and 1981 with Upside Down & Endless Love. I'm going to see her live tomorrow night.
tweets bitching about wearing a #Brewers cap remind me of my disdain for that mythical subset of Packers + Cubs fans.
@ you got it Evan. Always great following your commentary and I look forward to catching up soon.
Tebow got Tea-bagged.
Lmao what a game
everything okay Nessa?
at least there is no on your helmet!!! Be more popular tho....
PHEW! Trying to get things back in order after being gone for almost 2 weeks! YIKES....I've got a ton of things to go through!
Ooh, I just bought that book. Glad to hear you liked it.
are you doing anything fun for Halloween?
How many left handed hitters can Buck send up there?
Why is it raining suddenly this week...
A handsome man in orange just biked past me.
I love I'M DYING<3
My aunt "I dnt know how to use a Mac" me "hahaha"...
I see what you did there ;)
I don't want to see that baseball fan diving for the ball & getting killed again. That is in poor form. I'm looking at you
#amwriting on a rainy day in South Texas. Taking a break to let the cosmos know I'm making good, one hard fought word at a time.
let's get on that....literally!
Okay. I will when i get home!
whaddup dude ? How's life ?
"This is a lot better than Maryland"
I AM HERD
Thankfully National League has 2 wild cards this year otherwise not much reason to be optimistic about Brewers.
Slayer was my first show and I was the wee age of 16 at La moors in Brooklyn so many years ago. lol
March 12 is a special day for everywhere. We're celebrating our 100th anniversary.
glad you liked it, love you too<3 :)
Heading to an Audi Commercial to be one of the asian golfers!!!!
Pretty huge relief to see Letang back out there after the knee on knee hit.
I imagine it'll be like taking Rose Nylund to a game. Just have play "Dancing Queen" on the PA between innings!
Finally getting around to making my own arrangements. Want to get there for at least some of the show.
Missed the superbowl this year.... That really sucked!
Let's do this! , thanks for the "Using Social Media" presentation at the national conference in !
Pray for me !
My baby turned 4 today! My how fast they grow. Happy Birthday Katie!
but how are you tweeting ? 0.0
#onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show. (Go, Pookie! Can I call you Pookie on twitter??)
Barbour: Authorship is now no longer meaningful. It's being gamed, time-consuming and is limited
U ain't trill like that
"She listens like spring but she talks like June". I never have been able to figure that lyric out...
#omg I want to #fucking #party like a
why can't I always remember AND practice this philosophy!
Never I have been this excited for women's soccer.... LET'S GO #JAPAN !!!!!!!!!!!!
why is Sam Young 43 years old and still playing in the association??
your birthday is tomorrow!
": 339 hours until opening day. #Brewers" nice! Cannot wait!
It's kind of driving me crazy!
I know, IMMA DRIVE MY TRACTOR AROUND!!! Yeaah!!(:(:
Yea man. I'm getting it done this weekend on my right quadricep.
NY accents are in full force during the holidays. Pass the sawce will ya.
It's up there. RT : "Adorable" is by far my favorite adjective to describe women.
try again
VH1's standards are dropping lately. I'm starting to think that deep down they didn't really even love the '80s.
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATHELAKERS team rocket.
I'm with you. Who, though? And hire a brand new coaching staff in the final year of CP3 and Blake under contract? I dunno.
good now?
#WeWontWorkoutIf we never talk..
"Stay hungry stay foolish" ~ Steve Jobs
My state of mind has finally got the best of me. I need you next to me <3
thanks for the comment...
true...didn't seem like they were doing a very good job of matching :P
スベクターさん, When did you first begin studying Japanese?
I would have tweeted but I'm playing girls night w/ friends from out of town.
but that's right in the beginning ! 😳
Back in time for the shirtoff
Flanders: TEI ODD makes schemas more clearly contingent, within an ecology, workflow, developmental process, or disciplinary community
I've been resisting FB so long! I don't want to join but if it helps my blog get some traffic I might have to. :(
I don't hate. That place is chill.
SOTU - "We should be working on comprehensive immigration reform right now."
welcome to the mill. Really excited for the fights Sun
Doe makes fair catch at 12 yard line, where No. 2 offense will take on No. 1 defense.
I will go into much greater detail why YAA is being removed from Twitter NEXT Friday. Those who run YAA want all communication to be
Rock Chalk Jayhawk over everything
11th #SDCChiHack is Quality Guitar Tab, which uses HTML5 to share songs in both standard notation and tab form and play audio as well
Whoever the spammer is who thinks I might need either "Viagaraa" or "Asian Babes" has clearly done zero market research.
Follow M E B A C K just #UNFOLLOWED a whole bucha bitchez
Good morning neighbors that are moving. Thank you for the big moving truck with reversing beeper and loud hydraulics. Lovely way to be woken
residency Wed! With &amp; SEE YOU There!
don't be afraid just know how to handle the bad
All I know is that there will be a possible screening in June. If I can bring someone, wanna be my date? :)
Great pic! Thanks for coming out to see us. Bring with you next time!
New razor
i miss old alsdjlsjagse this fucking blows.
haha I was just talking to about that yesterday!
I so agree  Andy six is hott!!
went to Pisco today & thought of you (and Anvil, of course!)
u got the link to u and the niz battling it out on you tube
u should have asked the male prostitute about all the stds he had before u banged him. It's not shady if u don't ask
MT : D&C to subscribers: monthly for print+digital= $23.50. Doesn't seem to be "no digital" option. Monthly is now $18.39
trunk show next weekend. don't miss out on seeing all the fabulous ways to customize your veil! call/email for appt.
haha partly because of your posterior but mostly bc you got that quote...I will marry u
Ok Where are you guys now. We are trying to reach BLISS, Urgent!
haha, city island here we come!
. Does saying I put it back on the free shelf where it belongs count as a review?
Will do!
HIS SHORTS ARE FREAKIN TIGHT
