Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
I'm 32 & never owned a car. Know Boston/Cambridge/SF very well from walking and/or running all over. Best way to really know a place.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today until 2pm. Tomorrow is Sunset and Arville!
We are now entering Zebulon
okay, I walked up in this bitch fresher then a mother fucker
oh good, twitter works! Love you too! Almost off work. Weather is SO nice
Great savings for #seniors this Thursday -25% #discount off entire purchase @ Thrift Shop - must be at least 65-years young!
Do your players respond to you as a coach because they fear you?...OR.. Do they respond to you because they are motivated by you?
Two Boots Pizza opened in the Fitzgerald in Midtown on June 1 hosting a grand opening celebration, free samples and live music from 6-8pm.
Aww, shucks! RT : is my hero. regenstein has never seen so much soul. same goes for you
someone told my wife today that our dog was "so ugly that it's cute." i am not amused.
When talking to vets, ask to see their DD214 (discharge papers) to verify claims
Nice idea. How about doing 5p-7p sometime so working folks can say hi?
Aw, thanks! The speech is exactly 1 week before my March of Dimes Samba dance... not sure which one makes me more nervous!
#DripSync's MedGuide makes it easy to maintain accurate and up-to-date info on #medication references!
Hey you! Hope you have a great weekend!!!!
Rockin both coasts with the two best bands on the planet! Happy New Year! RT : Ditto for me for BGCC ;-)
UConn players were with Howard during stabbing - One teammate performed CPR while another comforted the attacker.
Rvp for president
Nicki Minaj is just so beautiful!
now it let me.?? Well I tried yesterday while there was a #failwhale so thats prob whyy
People are stupid. I'm tired of good music being thrown into a genre called 'Screamo'
Tried to go to bed early tonight...
He took the team further than anyone thought possible, great guy. Great human. Wish him only the best in the future.
Done filming and editting the project. SOme much fun :D
Yes.Just.Yes
so far it's killing me! I got drafted by the 76rs and I'm struggling. I could drop 30 w/ my guy as a 55 overall. Now.... oy.
"The Great of the team is far better than the individual parts. Team work WORKS, not everyone practices it."
when you're in a relationship would you say that you wear the pants? Or do you let the man have them?
Are there support jobs located at all Esri regional offices? Some more than others?
I cheated and listend to #turntoyou when it was leaked. That song is so good and emotional. Pattie is lucky to have Justin as a son :) <3
I had no idea Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale were no longer together, he's gay now apparently?
Dry, chapped lips deserve some care. Mix a bit of olive oil & sugar, apply to lips, wipe off the excess & voila! A sweet smile.
how happy are you
Thanks Sue - it was great to meet you, too! ;)
MSU!!!! That was a game!
where at!
AGREE! RT "We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
Or maybe I'll just continue to hang on to these feelings. And continue to hang onto what we had. And you'll live your fake wonderful life...
I want to be the reason for the smile on your face and that one girl in your life who can never be replaced.
also I don't usually pay close attention to random strangers saying weird things
Thanks!! I Made It!!!
lol yes he is, they grow up so fast!
I really gotta start focusing
RT : A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stakes are raised in English soccer this weekend - Los Angeles Times
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market: "So addicting...expecting it to be silly and I ended up loving it" by Barbara
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed
they are so dumb! Omg i know like jb is perfect! Austin is well eh.... Lol
"I'm a product guy." - speaking at #shorenstein center
I love seeing OKC play like this, not only because the #Thunder are just awesome, but I know that is loving it too!
thanks! I'll be there
how is it?
I need someone/something to take care of my boredom
BO! Dad just got a call from work saying he's got to go work in Canada for a week :(
The intelligent option might be A) No vote, treaty is improved for growth, B) 2nd referendum later on in the year. Safer strategy?
Great speech given by Commissioner Loretta Smith Live on Portland Community channel 11, Portland Public Schools tv channel 28 from 4-11am
is that once or twice a minute? Hahaha
Strange to have 2 halfway decent starters on the same squad (even though they have different styles). I thought he would go Jax.
I'm not sue if you heard, but I was the drunken idiot chanting your name the whole game in Seattle last year. You're the shit!
All of cincinnati is at monks...
i love you so much i am so proud of you !!!!!!:) follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
I love to answear your questions !!!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Ok how can I be 2 places at once... Facebook killers des days....
#POTD The Beach Boys. I had a Beach Boys kind of night tonight.
I'm txtin him n m a official #Laouvers :3
#RIPWhitheyHouston u was always a genuine person in ur music n movies. Ur soul is @ peace <3
Must stay awake...must stay awake Wishing I had a ride home from work so I can sleep in a warm car :/
Decided to always check shoes after a weekend involving large button pins... otherwise, it can be
Laying on an air mattress so it will deflate faster. It's the little things.
#mysuperpowerwouldbe to read people minds(:
Can't wait to have a baby! He's going to be a professional NBA player just like his daddy D. Wade lol
RT : Josh & I were JUST saying the same thing! Honored to be a part :-) // SO THANKFUL for you guys!
Don't stop the madness. So looking forward to March Madness-the best sporting event bar none.
I bet you won't see this but if you do please follow <3 you are my inspiration and you helped me believe in myself<33
Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now w
Reluctant to tweet b/c my tweet # is awesomely set at 608 #Madison but thinking of Japan today
Know what's missing from #WHCD? Correspondents!
AH IM SO EXCITED! :D
Can't sleep.
I have stories for you !
What up twitter?
Dukes hopes for a #1 seed have to be gone now. Agree ?
WASH PARK! New Craft Boutique - Home for the Holidays Oct 21 + 22
Going to live my life from a new perspective.
I can make mistakes in my sleep.
Back then they wanted me now im hot and they still want me lol
I don't really mind this hot weather. It's the dusty, aridness, the kind that makes me wanna shower once every hour, that bugs me
Good thing Aunt Leeda doesn't fart. 💨😷
I'll try. What r the odds of getting in w/o registering in advance? I probably won't know until last minute if I can make it.
Happy Founders Day
Can't get enough of the Rocky Mountains another day on the slops!
. I can't with this ridiculousness. NKTOTBSB gets to compete alongside NKOTB & BSB? WHAT IS THE FUCKERY.
Fabulous #beer pairing dinner w/ at () tonite! Tasted Prince, NobleKing, Wunderkin & Blk Metal
lol yea I kno I'm a Lil behind the times lol
Tomorrow then. Excited to hear about your fitness ideas. I see your abbs, running around town lake like you own the place.
argggggg >".'< i cant find out the policy tat i had filling tat day~~ *die hard*!!
Rebecca who,Selena & Demi?.Bad parents, she didn't write it.Industry using bad press approach.Just tell ur kids another child exploited 4$!
« NO Lady wants a Man that's a bitch, Point blank.»
We are going to have to reschedule tomorrow. Greg got busy. How about next Tuesday at 2pm?
Will Ferrell is an icon, revolutionary, and a scholar
Fuckkkk bro i really wanted to go to the beach tmro 😭
She has a baby.
Audition Today for Werther's. Eating lots of caramel!
Reminder, this is the last week of our old business hours! Starting next Monday, August 1st, our new hours will be 8am-6pm.
I found it at Harris Teeter. Peanut Butter aisle.
RESPECT and LOVE! God bless you and yours
Where is my breast n biscuit lol RT : That chicken spot did me justice though 
ESPN News - #Dodgers sign All-Star CF Matt Kemp to a 8-year, $160 million extension making it the biggest contract in team history
Contemplating boycotting social media today. Jealous of all that's happening at #UNC. Why didn't my parents hold me back??
I agree. Make your case, then be quiet. It's their turn to speak. Don't jump into the void. You may kill a "yes".
jealous. That is all
Time to go shopping for fox field!!
Appreciate it!!!!!! Happy to be home, but hate that I missed seeing you!
Apologies to for letting 's love of amazing artistry interfere w her views on what twitter should be
Absolutely. I really like the concept and think the site has huge potential. I look forward to hanging out more often.
sure (: I followed you and thanks for the follow <3
Best part of an aisle seat? All the people hitting me as they board. Spatially challenged people, apparently.
Smaking your gun just to make someone mad
played it for the first time recently. Was unaware of multiplayer going in. Good stuff.
Why does tour bus wifi always suck?
NEW MIX MAKES ME WANT TO PARTY NOW!!!!
New to yoga? Come to our beginner class tonight 6pm with Laura
LeBakery Boutique Cake Tasting next Friday from 5:30-7:30 p.m. Free to attend!
lol oh rachael
THAT woman, talking about JFK, is making me ill. Buy some class, lady!!
A year from today you'll be signing with #Purdue! :)
An Austin mother is going to prison for 35 yrs. next at 5.
amazing morning with - loved Paul's presentation - thank you!
pick a day...roll the dice...do something already. Lol
have I ever told you no? Oh, right, I haven't. That was your brother from this mother, Where is that kid, anyway?
Why is my life so fucked up?? :(
I only ever get sick at 3 am.
Audition - yay! Love it when you get paired up with a good partner!
I would say the streets are not normal. They are so empty. It's like 28 Days Later out there.
samantha22. now everyone knows it :)
I just love embarrassing myself
#iwannaknowwhy its damn near five o clock in the morning nd I'm up tweetiin nd shiit... DAMN!!! Must be excited bout my single release. WORD
Its the fuckin catalina wine mixer
strut across the stage *Naomi Campbell walk*
Nice try though(;
I really have never liked a guy simply for who he was and not what he could do for me. I'm happy to have this chance.
lol if u guys sold ice cream I'd come up there more
you rock!!
I've found I'm most efficient with 12 minute power naps. I'll leave the 20 to the cats.
If she still wearing heeleys
Fun, thought-provoking chat with and on a gorgeous sunny Seattle afternoon -- thanks for the time + insight
Good morning! Almost Friday!!
wanna see how fast I delete that tweet
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard?www.oody www.oodpecker.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL MICP STUDENTS on a successful completion of the Spring 2012 Semester!
Mistakes are a normal part of business. Sincerely apologize for the act itself, not just for the unintended impact.
Inspired by last two days of #kipcamp to try my hands at some #dataviz videos. Now I just need to pick the right tools.
you go to work and I to high school :p
She was on a ABDC episode she met them and yesterday she saw mikey and bailey at the movvies so ya. Shes nice!
trying to sleep! eh i cant do it lol
I know, it's amazing. Unicorn-like, at this point.
Not sure which version this was for, Evo/Revo? I've ran into several situations where I could have used something like it.
Having a look at #DADT report. No women among the review leadership--really?
Awesome! Thanks
Ford Mustangs are Sexy Beasts! (;
Back in Jamaica..too much snow and cold in NYC. I'll be uploading my HassyNYC challenge this weekend! Good thing it's a long one!
everyone please follow my Poplyfe Buddies
I've wondered about the on/off. Mine seem to go to sleep when the computer is turned off. I never turned them off.
is the sexiest man EVER. i will have his babies one day ;)
pounding 40's cause in tired of wine lol
Now I'm not going to be able to sleep.
Extremely #disappointed with the customer services I've been receiving from #LG - on top of being pissed my 3.5 m/o washer is broken
Ordered both- really interested in reading Quiet- that reading list just keeps growing -
The real culprits behind the recent attack on an EPD officer are the #falseflag "organizers" who twisted that young man's head around.
No problem
RT : Tampa Cuban Sandwich RT Q5 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of
#biggestturnoff when a guy asks you for "pictures" <<<<<<<<<<<<
Can't wait to see my dear friends Leah Goyak & Dave Menner become Husband & Wife tomorrow <3 You two were made for each other
I swore I'd never fall again, but this don't really feel like falling, Gravity can't begin to pull me back to the ground again
all i need is an I Love You from and my life is complete
Congratulations to on your multiple #MaggieAward noms! Great job!
Good Morning #Boston...hot or iced from #Starbucks to wake me up?!
I shouldn't have drove, tell me how I'm getting home..
is it worth my time to watch a bunch of bitches act stupid ?? I don't think so my dear.......
Wonderful! Best of luck!
Catching people in their own lies >
you turn on tutorial thn when there's a turn...you turn twice really face and it takes away everything.
yah I have my board but I wanna get in n out after school
I forgot how much I love 's music. This is making my morning much more pleasant.
Ah ! Ate too many hotdogs :P
Uggghhh. So hard to keep focused on a holiday afternoon.
yup and I am slightly depressed every day that I wake up and am not there
Yeah, I'm not creating anything. Purely a consumer. :)
The business thing is interesting. I'd be really good at an MBA program but "fitting in" keeps me away. I'm not business.
Who's stopping by for Cinco de Mayo this Saturday??
Planning for next tax season
Congrats! RT : Congrats ! You just won a $25 GC
Wa la magic! Wa la magic!
Tonight we are giving some of our proceeds to Children's Hospital, check it out and help children in need: www.dealshow.com
I'm so excited you joined Twitter lol. Just know it is hard to be as funny as Dave or Wil Wheaton so just try your best!!!
Happy New Year to everyone! Registration 4 #EdcampSS will b opening next week. Stay tuned 4 more details. www.edcampss.org
Page is terrific but the agency doesn't have an office in Louisiana so it's not an option.
I wish I wasn't stuck in stanges room during the #thunderstorm... I lurv da rain.
Valentines Day is so fake. If you love someone, you’ll treat him/her special every day. Not once out of 365 days Happy Valentines Day.
T2: Perhaps an operational, regional HIE could simply make the switch and begin operating as an ACO.
start > search 4 "computer management". Click storage > disk management. cont...
Haha I love the muppets
I would but I only had that realization myself recently. heh.
Darren is now following C.S.I. people....
Word!RT #Leo's are human lie detectors.
Ideas are flowing on water! #bigtime sales coming soon.
I love you. Hour late to my appointment? No problem! Brought my own parts? Sure! Bathroom? Yes, it's clean. Thank you.
#sushi with
RT I think yr ridiculous faith-based politics that go directly against the words of jesus are inexcusable Thoughts?
Now there's a happy soul
practice good referral karma, give referrals to receive
In her new book 'Bossypants,' Tina Fey claims that Cheers has one of the best pilot episodes she's ever seen.
#Millennials and Print Newspapers: A Surprising Story
Alaska Airlines & #Starbucks Team Up to Serve Freshly Brewed #Coffee Onboard All
Starting to watch #downtonabbey, I know, a bit
I want a tatoo
Instead of doing #FF why don't I just follow new people instead? So who wants a
Wow!!!!! Its snowing in late March in LA
Okay Creepers, I'm not in the mood for you today. You've been warned.
must of thought he was
they suck. Told ya. Sorry anyways
Ridiculous. Whether he was number 1 or up and down like he is now, Tiger has always had behavior issues on the course
well the sun was out in chicago but the cold is coming back with a vengeance. change is good right???
life has been hell! Never take your parents for granted. No one will ever love you as much as your parents do. Get well soon mom.
Need music? Email me at
I wonder does this# work
I know that you're completely shocked right now. Will this change your mind about Raburn for right now at least?
so you're saying noones going to get drunk? Ahaha
Fantastic!! I'm counting on you next time!
": “: love ur self. ur to young for love” yourself* You are* too*" ay dios mio u wood
“: My flight to Newark from KC is delayed. Thankfully my connecting flight is late evening." CC:
Do you think Montee Ball has a chance at the Heisman?
The articles I read said it happened NINE times before!
whats everyone #working on today?
Thanx 4 the love. God bless.
sounds good! I'm coming to visit u and D sometime next month :)
love this photo! Makes me excited for summer!
Laughed so hard I was crying talking to my honey on the phone. I miss my best friend!!
#ResumeWriting will always be the #SpawnOfSatan in this new #GlobalJobMarket. It's #Evil #Peepil!
Living life to the fullest don't have time to care cause im busy doing what im doing
from one melissa to another and from one powerlist recpt to another...hello & congratulations!
If we focus on how much we do for others and how little we feel appreciated, our thoughts will take us to a place of resentment, Where...
I've had a great day -- thanks
And my fitness level is going up. Personal trainer is kicking my ass. I love to hate him.
That sounds like a good bet...unless she's cross eyed. Lol
i love the amazing world gumball :D only little longer til mall time :D c:
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"..........
Where'd you find it?
Po man how was the trip
UM, HELLO? SPOILER ALERT? GAWD!
Congratulations to for being named one of the best children's hospitals in the nation!
..thank you Minister B..cant wait to hear about your trip. I know God met you there!
Thanks for the s/o! Greatly appreciated!!!
Twitter can do the same thing.
hahaha talk about a prime example!
I DON'T PHUCK W/ SQUARES; DOES THAT MEAN I'M OUTTA SHAPE? SMDH,,,, "LiL Wayne"
Some woman passed out two pews behind me in church omg that was scary
Happy birthday!
You know you want just a couple more...
Happy Birthday to one ahhhhmaaaaahhhzing young woman! <3
While your experiences of your past will shape you, in no way do those experiences have to define you. ~ Carole Brody Fleet
haha! that is amazing! I would maybe kill to see that at the Old Library.
we're just meant to be <3
LOL! Love your bio! To Oxford or not to Oxford, that is always a big question for me!
RT : . Truth: "The right book has to reach you at the right time, & no person can be reached by every...
Instead of worrying about cutting meals, be healthy and increase calories burned during exercise.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm confusing lol and stubborn
Happy Groundhog Day!
more than ham, less than a roast.
Who's on the "must see" list today?
No tweet can ever do justice in describing just how insanely happy and in love I am. <3 :')
Join us 2morow, New Hope Metro @ Aloha Tower; time to Level Up in our Prayer Life. Lord I believe; help my unbelief!
#WalkingDead... What kind of fucking season finale was that?!
So sleepy... Spread across his bed no room for him!!!!! Sorry :-)
I will be taking a half day today as the #Cubs opener comes on @ 11:10 on the west coast.
I always have to end up hurt don't I?
MSW booked Snowman vs Jake t Snake for Dome. Muhammad Ali 2nd Sman. Office said it would crush JYD's Dome records
That is insane. I wear 4T sometimes.
i want eat im hungry !
Lovely lines. Oh, and I guess the Eames is nice too.
Aw lots of tree #love in that photo, Thanks for starting Friday off loverly.
I would say so! #libmade Librarians here made history yesterday (passed the uni's first open access policy)
Out of the El Cajon city council meeting, MOTHER GOOSE ROCKS is the theme of next year's Mom Goose Parade. You heard it here first!
What a wonderful day in company of The renegades
Indeed, Ron! But better second half!
thx! They were running around the room yelling, "we're famous, we're famous!" when they delivered a copy of the paper.So cute!
yep! I was just reading about her! That's funny how we remembered this day lol.. Let's see how long she'll actually stay in jail!
it seems to me that Fox News is pretty mainstream, wouldn't you say?
Dmitri Young - "D'meat Hook" was pretty awesome
didn't know good night..made her night ;)
Check out Victoria's Secret's sexually suggestive Toronto Blue Jays–branded ... - Toronto Life (blog)
I totally remember when we had you come in to test all of those foundation shades at Shop Etc!!
Noeleen: In a crisis, you need to stick with the main likable spokesperson, even when the story gets bigger.
Quake Arena Arcade needs its own Wikipedia page, methinks. Any volunteers? =)
I'm bouta be knocked
Shes taller than me *sigh
I can tweet about whatever the fuck I want, and I'm really starting to get sick of people giving me shit for it.
Watch out bitches, she throws down on Bastille Day!
Can I be the Son-In-Law? RT Father picked me up on his midlife crisis Harley. I'm hoping he buys a midlife crisis island next.
Man, i'm just trying to live life to the fullest. to do that, you got to be at your best...
Finishing Couggtry's work I procrastinated... gotta love it.
Very true! RT : Free weights tend to bring more definition bc you use your stabilizing muscles to balance the weight
“: hey how are u tonight:-)” I'm good
Grapes + time = wine. (There's more to it, but that's the basic equation.)
We are responsible for the first step in answering our own/others prayers-thru intentions/ efforts, we create opening & space for God to act
It's to the point where i dont even wanna be alive😣😢😞😔
Looking at my middle school year books... We have changed BIG TIME.
I'd be happy to discuss this in more depth with on Bloggingheads or elsewhere.
you need to come back to Seattle with your lovely very lovely self :) i remember meeting you long ago... ! :)
Long night.. Off to bed!
The Man Behind the Shades, interviewed in New York Times feb 2000 pop scene tracking down the souls of Nashville 9 years later 65 % Blind
Family, Friends and Soccer <333
Thanks! We have some waiting for you.
Invaders! Er, welcome to Pasadena. The line at Europane is nuts today.
On wednesdays we wear pink
I'm at #smccsc which auto correct tries to make "dmv sc" dear god why... I thought I was done with the state!
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein
We'll be open at 6 a.m. tomorrow for #OpeningDay with broadcasting live! Go Go!
Always love having our mayor in on Taco Tuesday!
I think girls r neat
They dnt pay me enough to get nervous or stress about anything
Bird pooped on me yesterday and today we have a company field trip today to the Casino! Let's hope the saying stands true #BirdPoop=GoodLuck
Write a great letter to casting directors. It should be confident, but not ridiculously cocky, because they don't know you yet. But strong.
but trust your intuition.
oh, what the hell man? as soon as I say what great weather it is, the skies totally cloud over. messing up my shoot!
High five for college education!
For It's Natl Patient Advocacy Week, honoring healthcare professionals who work to ensure that all receive high-quality care
I'd rather be let down than be a let down. BLEGH!!
all good...especially 30 minutes ..I haven't seen bad teacher ..but for a buck why not
Single wingmanning it up tonight. New goal: not to get chopped up into little bits.
Ugh! Annoying parents of the other team are annoying.
Mayor: we care a out PSq because it's a place that can lead the city
Sorry to bother you again. I wanted to confirm if you've received both emails and are declining both events. Thank you
the increasing use of "EDM" outside academia comes from the bleed between academic & journalistic EDM writing…
Now I know why I've been in #bitchmode 😡
Who will dunk three balls now?
When your hearts set on something, do it. Don't give up, no matter what. Fight for it if you really believe in it. I'll always fight.
I'd tweet about my #hamstring, too, but I'm Jewish.
made it to 1k. thank you everyone!
Thank you for liking it! I so hoped you would.
I am DJing at Tiga Bar tomorrow night - Friday, Nov12 - 9pm to close. Come on down!
First 5 designs $15ea. for all ULC /Cap Logos at GalaxyDigitizing. Get a special quote for bigger designs. Email:
#wordoftheday Trepidation (n) A feeling of fear or agitation about something that may happen / Use in a sentence! Best 1 read @ 6:50 on 91.3
Were playing in front of the UCF Arena this Thursday at 6:00 pm. Come laugh at the dancing puppets.
Plottin to take over the world
haha I was about to turn off my TV and then I saw Ramires's run and finish lol.. but I hate how uefa cheats for barca every time
AGREED RT : You are THAT GIRL... such an inspiration to women everywhere!! Thank you for being such a bad ass!! xoxo
While still shelving DVDs, I become disconcerted at the thought that MULHOLLAND DR is generally better thought of than INLAND EMPIRE.
We're excited to be 's "Jingle Bells at Kells" holiday party! Come support a good cause and enjoy some food & drinks with us! :)
Mario using the turtle shell as a hat was great.
Every morning I get up and go to work and earn a living for my family. My wife never stops working #24/7Worker
Courage is being scared, but standing up anyways.
Passing the #CampingBan + killing #civilunions. Ugly day for equality/fairness in
A bad run is better than no run at all, right?
Haha. My phone isn't smart so I have to tweet on my Apple before I leave my house.
Happy Saint Patty's day!
Have fun !!! (But I know I don't have to tell YOU that!) :)
life is obnoxious, make yours meaningful.
oh fo sho. Ice cream tomorrow? Bring the ladies.
I hate sleeping with both legs under the cover, I always wake up hot.
Lazy Friday flow
Last night had the honor of watching The Wooten Bros., Future Man and Mandy Mason perform. Had to be the best show of Nashville!
It's time on #TheVoice!! Let's show 'em how it's won!!
Thanks for the Tweet! Be sure to follow! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out! I am probably going to butcher your name :/ Ha!
You have seen this before, but have you thought about it this way? "You Must Be Present To Win"! Coach Terry
-- Also if you want more bubbles, the Lisp -> Planner -> Prolog and Planner -> Scheme
What is Bethea doing in the endzone? He wasn't covering anyone Man to man inside the 20!!! Change the defensive scheme Poor poor coaching
You guys should really make a kindle service for arts and letters daily, or atleast use their stories
Thank you, Gary Farmer and Heritage Title, for sponsoring the Fight for Air Climb again this year! We very much appreciate your support!
Hello Twitter, from LinkedIn.
Do you ever cook with the Quorn products? Side note, you have some crazy-long eyelashes. Very pretty!
You is pretty, you is kind, you is important
I need a haircut asap
Good for him, now he speaks about it RT : Obama to kids: Carbon is warming the planet. We should do something about this....
:D SORRY.
Finally got my new phone
See.... what would I do without you:) GOALS!!!!!!!! I'll dream about them tonight!! lol
worse night ever got no sleep thunder was so close and supper loud i stood up all night only one hour of sleep
that is literally the two best song writers ever together omfg I can't even imagine how great it will be
It takes a lifetime to know your partner; but it’s not needed at the cost of losing yourself
And I'm back at it again.... Hello Twitter
Glad to meet you! Always good to find a fellow defend of Life on Twitter.
aww thanks for the love :-)
but to post up my surprise plan for tomorrow im gona need everyones help to make sure the band sees it!
Ali threw his gold medal in Ohio River 2 protest Vietnam War, he was a draft dodger & coward, & I'm from the Ville
I don't think ppl should be allowed to save seats.
Show off those guns u've been building at heat boot camp.
Could I get an invite to try art.sy? I have some colleagues in the Miami museum world that are interested in seeing what it can do.
wasn't messing around tonight.
Good folks to
Haha, going to watch Jersey Shore over again from last week. Just to watch Mike, get frigged up. :)
And she's down. #Enterprise has landed at JFK. NY, take good care of her! Love, Washington
Glad it rained. Vegas is too damn dry.
Does anybody else have fat on the top part of their stomach? Like under your boobs, its really annoying
What should I do on my birthday? It's on Thanksgiving this year..
will be at WordCamp but I'll sponsor someone.
skyping with tyra. she needs to get a twitter
It isn’t defeat, but rather your mental attitude toward it, that whips you. Napoleon Hill
If you find one you like, please let me know. I always get annoyed with the layouts, then give up.
I need sleep please pick me :-)
My Spanish vocabulary lists are getting more and more specific and full of words that I probably have not used in English in years.
Cute how girls are tweeting about the #Masters like they're golf pros.
Horrible call on Briggs
So bored...someone tweet me!
Is there any good app that will allow me to record a podcast using my iPhone? (looking for good sound quality)
They say "No matter who broke your heart, or how long it takes to heal, you’ll never get through it without your friends." So thank you. Ily
Thank you Denver for all your support. This is one great community!!
I like him, he likes me, we arent dating yet. Thats why its complicated,
If you cool we cool, you love - we love you more, you cry - we hold you, you F**K wit us your finished.
U Can Call It Dat & Everything's A Go, Go, Go!!
How did you know I am curvaceous? LOL! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Ah so angry. I will now complain and have no one care what i say.
Many thanks! Not necessarily much change in the ear, but I did make it to work today (kind of pathetically).
If you want people to take responsibility and do the right thing, empower them with decision rights and a clear goal!
i just wanted to say that i love u ♥
Why hello NASA tv, nice to see y'all
Gottlieb: Asked whether investigation into Maywood finances, answer was no. Happened to ask, what about Bell? Answer was yes....
Vaporization with a flying sensation.
good afternoon (:
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Tip of the day: An efficient technique used to eat meat is to place it into the inside of your mouth and chew it.
Twitter will not let me reply to your DM! Says we my follow-y affection is not returned. Twitter doesn't know us at all.
watching #movies is one of my #favorite things to do.
OK, who wants a job? Taking applications.
Climate change and compassion go together #DalaiLama tells Maureen Cavanaugh.
Thanks for your follow as well. I'm happy to give you feedback on your site. Definitely appreciate your writing!
Hey check this out! At 3:30pm & 7pm we will be giving away a VIP card to the #WatchMKE Release Party via Twitter, so make sure you watch! RT
Hello Tweet-World!!! We are District Elements!
This may well be the last summer weekend of 2011. How are you celebrating?
we'll be announcing a new tour within the month and I'm hoping we make it out in March or April.
Writing my next play. The characters are dancing around in my head. Time to grab the pen.
good luck!
Nope and you are losing. Too bad.
add to that Cleveland scores TD on opening drive for the first time this season...
Ughh might quit track because i cant run!!:/ i pulled a thigh muscle!!!;(
OH: have you ever tried a kusshi? (pronounced it coochi). Answer: um... Yes!!
We're interviewing Bella Thorne Disney's new star of Shake It Up! Any questions for her?
Just Announced! 5 Week Technique Class for Actors Tues, May 11 - June 8 / 7-10pm Return students receive a discount. www.actorsintensive.com
A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
True and real you fool.
LA City Council approves 8% bid preference to local companies on +$150K contracts. Mayor Villaraigosa asks board to back same.
Week three of a three-month power block. Next post is on the merits of Small Business Development Centers and the SCORE program.
"19th amendment & equal work for equal pay, we're for it, but you want to drink our diet soft drink? sorry ladies, no way"
“I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.”...
i always want what i can't have: every cat ever.
“: perhaps I will come see your cute face! Yaya! Miss you too kitten nose you and rich & everyone have to come and sty
better be.
Soldier Boy...Hecky naw new tune already 40 year old fool
You text me. I text you back right away. Then you answer me 5 hours later? What the hell was the point of texting me?!
Well today is my official #Friday even though its Saturday. A drink at 530 am sounds like the right thing to do!!
< she's a virgin!
You whore I was calling you -_- I know your probably looking for something I just found :p
Hullo real person! Nice to meet you, yknow, sorta. Having a good one?
The Fray on my shuffle mix. Makes me REALLY anxious for Thursday's #GraysAnatomy (cc: )
RT : Wine. Rain. Season four of "Mad Men." College football fantasy draft. One hell of a Saturday night.
WoP had 80% acceptance rate which O'Connor reduced to 10%.
Got a new boyfriend, do you? Ha! Kidding, friend. RT love me some
Best wishes for 2012 to all my tweets friends
Wow did that really happen? C'mon ducks recruit a kicker!!!!
"my friends, you bow to no one." - Aragorn. Cue intensely emotional Howard Shore music
i know im happy too:)
Tabloid Ty, J.Dot the MC. and Deejay Get Right have vowed that anything Far Fetched from happening they will make happen....
I got rejected when I asked if I could just go pee...
Happy Thanksgiving from Portland!!
I MADE THE COVER PHOTO THANKS (;
WHO let's celebrate!
The journey is the reward.
No, I did not. I might try to get it for the Vancouver show though. How about you?
Cholesterol of American adults 2x as high as indigenous cultures due to processed food, sedentary lifestyles etc.
Stunning indeed. Thank you for sharing!
“: Gah my haircut looks strait out of Forrest Gump #shameful” can't wait to see haha!
Watching Barney with the kids and is on it lol she looks so young n cute
I'm so excited for tomorrow! 
turns out is on this.
oh yeah sweet mango habanero sauce.. deeeericous
Love u moms!! Thank u mother earth!! We fighting for you!! The children unite
RT : DC F&EMS at the Wellness & Safety Fair at the Georgetown Safeway - 1855 Wisconsin Ave. NW
Big Boy Status!
missed you too
If the Supreme Court shoots down Obamacare, Obama will be heading for the emergency exit faster that a Jet Blue Pilot!
When the teenager goes to college tomorrow, we will have a big Pug Party....BOL
sorry I don't. Sold them all back. They are cheap on amazon and all on Netflix though.
Want to see how books contribute to the downfall of, well, me? I was reading this morning so was rushing to get ready. 1/2
How to love the Chicago Cubs for Dummies! (Or how to love someone who does!).
At Harry's in downtown St Augustine. Tasty...
Anyone else see the poster at the game that said they drove from Minnesota for Beckham's jersey? lol
Thanks Arthur ;-) RT : : " Great session, gents." Seconded!
glad you came out!
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Is the metadata party extensible? Like, to Houston? :-)
Does anyone have a story about the companies National Debt Crisis or National Debt Report that they can share?
....the best reputation is to have none at all
Paris Hilton!
Good Morning Chicago! TRY OUR SECRET WEAPON! Ask about our atomic cake not listed on our site. =] www.happycakewilltravel.com
#100thingsilove More than I can list.
Great News! DWC is now offering select workshops to qualify for 1 or 3 college credits! For more info email us @
#harrypotterlive I JUST CHEERED!
hope u rooted for KU
Wow, thanks for the heads up on that Brandon! I will email you the PDF here shortly. I apologize for the confusion!
we are here M-F 7:00 am-3:00 pm and Saturday 10:00 am - 2:00 pm. Hope to see you soon... The pumpkin pie is awesome!
Good mornin' out there
Hey cool you're tweeting from your iPhone. I should've got this a long time ago
" #bitches" who?
go back on skype. i can talk now
There are a few others. You will find them among those I follow. Someone else started a HoustonMetro & the media is joining
Can any one tell me why I should see Social Network....anyone?
Sorry doesn't mean nothing when you continue to do the same thing your saying for. Can't wait to get home. Your really pissing me off smh
How do you like our broom? win!
mad grateful to be alive today. RIP greg krasco not a day goes by i dont pray for u bud. keep watching ova me kid, i no up thea smiling down
": Yay for spending the holidays in snowy Maine!!" Ash! stop in portland and drop off jp as an early xmas prez? #jealous lol
good morning!
You guys are gay!
embraces pubic hair RT : Fellas chest hair is not sexy!!! Get that shyt taken care of!
Thanks Ron!..God bless you!
Just went HAM and crushed the fam in Harry Potter Scene It
"Time will tell if this the first salvo in a larger hairstylist revolt or, simply, an isolated incident." ---
heard it was great! Can't wait to see
thanks maybe in competition with my site EBIDJOB
Nowak says an offer was received from another unidentified team.
So glad you all have weathered the weather. Scary.
RT : New #Dodgers chair Mark Walter: "this is really not about us. This is about the Dodgers."
No day but today.
Well, Silent House is pretty much a pile of shit.
I'm sorry I'm on everyone's shit list because I took sloppy notes for KLDP. I love working but nobody wants me to.
glad to help. we love your artwork...
or do you live here and I missed it?
Um that bio? Lmao very creative!
you should write a letter! ;) i love that you're on twitter.
With what i know now...i'm never going back
It's a Twin Peaks kinda day...
Yes, I AM fun! And unstoppable.
I'm trying to open your blog but it won't load. If you're updating, hurry! you're wasting my precious spare midnight time ;)
is anyone really surprised that Jones & Snyder are the 2 owners who messed up that big w/ spending?
i almost retweeted with an I'm gonna do some muting for a little bit.
my favorite morning show personality is on Lets Stay Together...good job Rickdog
Nothing Just Layying Downn wit myy Pillow Pet! (: *I Love Aaron*
#2ThingsIAppreciate 1. Ur mom, and 2.Ur dad for making u and for making u so beautiful!
eaiting toaster strudels with the icing (:
"if there is no deadline, there is no project." right on!
#CAD2012 Children's Council will be co-chaired by Governor and Mrs. Haslam
Just saw Chagrin Falls Hardware on the ABC nat'l news. So great to see how the community pulled together to save this NEO business.
Lets do this right (:
It will be interesting to see where players end up after the firesale. Borja Valero and Bruno are very interesting players.
No I hold onto brees who's having a historic year at QB
Oop...there's the #rawmilk bit
today class is optional... in my mind anyway
Chips & hummus is fried chicken bitch.
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Hope Highbrow
Sinning at sunrise is the best time! No one expects it. ;-) XOXO
Watching a movie with my bebeh. <3. Then I'm gonna take a shower and head to bed. I lovee you Brian!! (:
You are so demanding! ;-)
Check out these bands!
now im tired talk to you later
iam good same stuff doing the makeup thing working alot same old same old what about you?
actually, sex is the key, which is a message you guys should like. It all has to do with Peter & Olivia doing the nasty.
hey would u want to tlk to me I don't really tlk to anyone on here I just want to make new friends tht r beliebers like me
#CommunicatingStylesSurvey - A unique, diagnostic instrument which is easy to take and easy to score
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be.
Didn't do my Spanish
At the Lobster Festival with listening to these old women talk about their love for big balls. #shit old people talk about
My superviser said "you don't make groceries, you go grocery shopping" I said "I beg to differ, some of us make groceries"
Man sues BMW, alleging motorcycle seat gave him a two year erection. That must be one good looking motorcycle seat.
The off the charts Cedar coupled with mild mold are killing me! Anyone have and tried and true natural relief remedies?
it's a bit stuffy in here, any chance we can get the AC up?
Sure, he's "your" boyfriend, but he's happier with me then he Is with you! And you still ask why?! HA ! ;D
amen, brother! ryno is a winner! paid his dues and deserves a chance! not a phone call!
whew! almost time to started editing the spaces back out of the words ;-D
and are the coolest and funniest girls on earth, go follow them
THE CHALLENGE - 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad. Direct Message me to signup!
The game in Sleeter was fun(:
First time Mrs. Chazin is picking me up at school since Freshman year
RT : What building is this in?......This is one of two new floors being built on top of Prior Health Sciences Library.
just trying to keep up with you since you have following you.
Chicken and waffles is a southern staple - that you are ruining with Nuggets and Eggos. :)
it's so sad when one's tivo cue lasts longer than a marriage.
can u please follow me back
Hahahahaha RT : The fact that my whole family knew what was going on and i was sleeping...
6th period empty !
come visit me I work 12 to 4
when does SYTYCD start?
RT : We are thrilled to announce we hit our #EarthMonth goal of raising $4 million 4 clean water projects! Thanks for your hard work!
Man, Iowa and Nebraska on Thanksgiving Friday at midday again? As though the tryptophan from turkey won't induce enough drowsiness...
Just get your ass back home♥
cant wait(:
Tweeting in the shower.SMH
I know EXACTLY who your talking about
Thanks for following. I am a former English Teacher. Loved it 4 15 years. Now working for , on teaching prof
14 likes till we release a song :)
“: a little concerned that I had a piece published 3 hrs ago and nobody's written anonymously to tell me I'm an idiot/not funny”
yes you can! My sister got you down she wants to know what is your name hair and eye color!
Wish I was at SAN with you David. How did *my* empathy session go (I was co-chair in-absentia with Sylvia Morelli)
Scratch that: Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your console dies :/ \:
FML!!! They just ripped my poster!!
Sometimes it look like i jus stepped outta 300 the Movie
Good man!!!
omg nd my mom told me that my tits were too big for her liking. and that it looks like a igot a bood jawb. like omFG y r u lookin
Back from PR screening of Mirror Mirror. Tarsem Singh is AMAZING at visuals, each frame is a like a painting. The Fall is still my fave!
I think it's on D12 i don't remember but I'll look.
Where do you go to satisfy your #milkshakemadness cravings? Who has the best malt or shake action in town?
If that Cooper shot had gone in I might have cleared a whole 2 inches off the ground jumping in joy
Towns in Ore., Scotland hope partnership excite tourists into going somewhere Boring and Dull
lmao u should see her with chips n dips n that state
We love that wine and it is our new favorite....Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday......
Congrats to the players and coaches of NIU! Amazing comeback
We will be! Happy Love Day to YOU too! Thanks for all you do to support Glade!
Pretty much equal offers.
cash needs one! “: Remember, your first chance to get your hands on the new Seahawks jersey is 4/26"
no I won't be in town till feb. But I may work out a little road trip to visit you.
Cleaning up New York: Check our web page for more-- Baldinger
...I'd make Wash a bird! Since they are technically dinosaurs and also he's the pilot.
what is up with this whole selena crying story?? can someone please tell me
Yes, that was great fun! See you soon.
"Click here for hot insurance open enrollment action!"
It only makes sense if he thinks UW will stay in the tourney as the 3rd Pac-12 team. Otherwise, remove them.
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing. - Camille Pissarro
Bashful, (adj: shy, like Pimiento, 1 chicken here) LITTLE WOMEN: "It would not have seemed...a more impossible task for bashful Beth"
idEK. iM scaRED.
was so good to spend time with you! safe travels! one last *high five* for the road! ;)
I work with some funny ppl! But, they make my "9-5 life" entertaining!
#Brewers at #MillerPark vs #Astros on Friday, April 22nd at 7:10 p.m. Let us take you out to the ball game! Reserve now...call 608-764-2917
it's very.. blue outside.
You're a bullshit friend
Dear smokers in #ROC, Hikari Mart in the #SouthWedge now has a loose tobacco station and a machine that rolls cheap cigarettes.
it's my birthday!(: it'd be amazing to get a tweet from you!
Crazy day at work ahead. Off premise at Monticello. God I hate leaving property, can't get shit done.
Sonny's Car Wash equipment is about to take Wisconsin by storm. The highest quality equipment in the world is available with CWGuys!
Our show launch is interfering with my Words With Friends games
#Eastboundanddown SO GLAD April is back!!!
always a good year to be in #IT :-)
I wish I could be outside doing work!
Listening to Valentine's Girl
Copped the last pass for advanced movie screening tomorrow, score!
#Caps Backstrom said he is leaving today for the world championships
this summer i fell down a small waterfall and landed in a baby leech nest. you're glad you werent there.
Mitt is killing me right now...your papa had money...you never had to struggle to make ends meet.
#BU #Terr12rs MT : Red Sox fans attending today's game should try to be in their seats by 3:30 for Tim Wakefield ceremony.
Bitch please.
Double album release (Woolly Mammoth and Human Behavior) tonight at Dry River Collective, 8 pm!
a person
Who isn't doing something on Mother's Day and would like to go downtown with me?
yeah. I hate it too. But I didnt expect the tide to get up for that one.
What should I expect from a beta test of my learning game? Any advice?
I'm still at the office :(
Staying at the Park Plaza, graduating in the morning...where the hell did my life go?
MN Gophers. Final 4!! NIT. Never mind.
Can you ever have too many books?!! Just found another book series I want the read. The 1st book is "City of Bones" there 5 books so far.
Hard to leave Mantle off there too - and how about Yogi and Ford? Tough to pick only 4 (and I'm a Mets fan)
God will never send anything your way you couldn’t handle
ayy i hope you're ok .
anyways going to bed in a decent mood!! Goodnitee tweeters 💙💚💜😘
My brother started a new job in new york city this week. He's 23 and has a view of midtown from his office on the 15th floor.
Can't wait to cover it for y'all! :) see everyone there.
Keep holding the fort down!
:( I think you are amazing
What will make you great today. Not tomorrow or 5 years from now....today. That's how you need to live today. Now go out and go for it!!
I thought that i had followed you when you created the account, but something changed. Anyways, it seems to have worked now!!
yes, is a pretty amazing guy! So glad to see him succeeding as a writer and motivator
I already have! I love hearing your voice.
gotta follow :0)
For you or for the kids?
So these bitches r complaining bout a dirty crib, yet they throwing feathers everywhere n havin a pillow fight?!?
If you haven't already listened to our demo of Stuck on our Facebook page go listen now and leave some feedback!
ur a damn lie.
whoa whoa...
Pick up packets for the Run Like Hell 5k at Phidippides Ansley Mall thru Wed 10/19. Check our website for hours (we are closed on Sundays!)
Congrats to , Wesleyan Lady Wolves and St Francis Lady Knights for their respective 1st Rd State Tourney wins last night.
Just went to coney island and to the beach
Mothers! Trayvon’s screams echoed in all your entrails.
Er, I meant it looked MORE impressive in person. A big tree came very close to falling on my church.
The axe man cometh
I'm jealous... went there in February & absolutely loved it! Have fun!
Good night everyone :-P
Loved the Greek Yogurt Commw/Stamos and Madonna as gr8t!~~
And how many times does Newt mention Reagan in his victory speech tonight?
Wow! I'm impressed.
Thanks the b-day wishes! My age is beginning to match my IQ...
Happy Holidays!
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's Vitamin C Day! You know what that means people-Screwdrivers!!!
Hayy can't wait for the season premiere of glee on tuesdayy!!! Omg it's gonna be so awesome!!!
Traveling with the hubster , a sleeping baby, #totalpillow and my #crocs while listening to #StraightNoChaser songs on
RT : Travelers should expect an increased security presence on planes & #Metro trains 1 year after bin Laden's death....
RT : Nugs coach George Karl on rebuilding: "How we rebuild our team and construct it, there are going to be some tough moments."
I was supposted to go in june, pero I was like no cuz I wanna go to the #1girl tour, btw wats yha bbm?
The !st annual CARE council benefit looks like a great time. Thanks for organizing. We will be sure to spread the word!
$2 Coronas and $5.99 Classic Burger Meal Deal (burger, fries & n/a drink) @ The Goat! Mention this TWEET and get a free dessert!!!
Movies thIs early in the morning>>>
#thissummer I got so much ass! (:
Everything is going according to plan!
When the girl your crushing on has a boyfriend or doesn't like you the same <<<
got married? We didn't even know there was a registry for gifts! ...well, candlesticks make for a nice present...
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and you friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Wow, that's crazy...
Nothing lasts forever.
Our adult improv class is THIS Sunday, Feb 26th, 10a-4p. Come get in on the fun and learn some new tricks, so you are always on your toes!
love that Laker fan still think Chris Paul has a chance to go to LA
Ok I'm just going to have to deal with going to school...
exactly a waste
Isnt that so sweet.
oh ok lol
Hey #CueFans! We're excited for #Sharkweek at CueReal! RT this if you are too!
Messing around with java jts (computational geometry) package in jython.
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll visit my house sometime soon!
on to a museum marathon tomorrow....
The biggest enemy you�ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Polar Bear 5k Strut this morning for Special Olympics with the fellas.
It's my 30th #birthday today. Conventional wisdom suggests this means I am "old", while my 20-inch pythons suggest you don't call me that.
So excited finally has an app!!!
Watching scary movie 2 love this movie!!! it never gets old.
Indeed sir!
The easiest way to get someone to smile is to smile. ~ A.D. Williams
love these shots. you just have the eye my friend.
Need to see my bay because i kno he got me a big sloppy kiss....Mekhi gives me al the love.... lucky me
I Really Need To Relax!
hope you got the pics! (:
HAPPPPPYYY BIIIRTHHHDAYYYYY IN THE EAST COAST!
I want to find the #fantasyfootball team that drafted: Chris Johnson, Philip Rivers, Peyton Hillis, and Reggie Wayne.
Motos soup = amazing!
i was watching movies last night and couldnt talk on the phone, so I DIDNT ANSWER IT :)
Thank God....
It's harder to game social signals than links says
Strands are for keratin tips or Brazilian knot extensions.Tracks are machine weft extensions- put in hair to put in extensions
Open up a fortune cookie to find "Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!"
wats good people's. Wats yalls email. I got a track from cboogs I want y'all on. Let me know if y'all cant rock wit it
follow me back? :)
Be still and know I am
Still recovering from taping 21 episodes of Bobby Jones Gospel. *sleepy*
We have coming out with The Grackles on Sat 5/19. Can't wait!
The beginning of the year is a great time for renewal of energy & taking on the things we’ve always wanted to tackle! Wishing you success!♥
I just had to go to LinkedIn and give Melinda a thumbs up recommendation! We had a great first meeting - can't wait till Friday's show!
doesn't like avocados? = doesn't compute. ;) j/k my kids just started liking avos b/c of #muffintinmeals. :)
#FusionLive The High Guyz are in the building! !
that would be awesome! and are you guys planning on touring?
Hubby works at a school where one of the girl's name is La - A ... can you guess how it's pronounced?
I'm am so blessed .. thank you Jesus!!!
Nashville based, Roggg Woodruff, shooting in Huntsville Alabama
not coming?? Bo!!!
"i just wanna scream HELLO!" -Pearl Jam
*dead* RT I've got some E, some Darude and a strobe light, wanna fuck? ~ Every stock broker I ever met in the 90's.
Congrats. Nice race under those conditions.
That would be a hottie overload.
Welcome back, students -- today is the first day of classes in 2012.
Careful man, thats almost humble brag material! Haha...
Just saw it..call in a few
thank you!!
F*cking Hate My Life Seriously .
I'm watching...
we have found an apartment, we go to look at it on Monday of next week and than hopefully put our deposit down on the 25th yaayyyy :)
RT : God Morning everyone, now is my turn to get a retweet for my birthday! Wohooo!! Awesome!!!!
Yeah; earlier today...
Instead of Gatsby, would like Baz Luhrman to remake Grease, cuz you know that remake is coming soon.
If you do not wish to be prone to anger, do not feed the habit; give it nothing which may tend to its increase.
Live in NYC but I went to high school in Bonners Ferry :-) Spokane was like Mecca.
Key Elements to Think About upon Buying Bucket Truck Sales
81,000 followers by tomorrow night? With #RObotz anything is possible! Night!
: ( Yeah, some people have no business having kids.
Fox News: ICE director admits to stealing 550k. Does a government reflect it's leaders ethics? ,)
Vegas in Chicago weekend!!! hahahaha
Yay! // RT : I plugged THATCampLAC to my students today.
always on they grind while u sleep we work while u work we work
that is bad news for Portland and great news for Olympia. Good for you!
Yep & there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base. They cancel each other out.
Sitting here wondering if Muslims type "OMA" instead of "OMG"
“: I'm so glad my mom isn't a regular mom; she's a cool mom.”I'm totally with you on that!! Mine is as well!
Thanks for the RT!!!
up little late this morning, no stress no problems.
had such a fun day with nd :] U GUYS ARE THE BEST,, I LOVE U !! <3
Nice work Tough loss but a step in the right direction for soccer in the US. You did our nation proud.
Thanks for the RT!
Awhh. There's too much cute in that picture for me to handle. Ahah(;
when you cry yourself to sleep.</3
No of course not why would you say that?
thanks for the mention in the newest issue of !! Future collaboration for the creation of a donut ice cream sundae?!
Dekalb county messin wit me... It's all good though
Wish I didn't have be at work. Sounds interesting! Today 12:30: Curatorial assistant on Andy Warhol's "Marilyn Monroe's Lips."
I love Mary J Blige, but why would you pick one of her songs for an idol performer?..Jimmy is trying to sabotage Joshua...smh
Student stabbed near U of M campus on busy street last night. Police call it "random" attack.
Damn... Rookies are Pulling through
On that note, good night, good people!
im buying a used ps2 and getting both of the kingdom hearts new so i can finally finish them
I expect to see you at the glass, sir.
No not me...what part of town and whic device do you use? RT : Anyone else having service issues with in #ElPaso?
that's really beautiful! thank you :D
That the Secretary of Education was with the President Friday and hadn't thought to say, "Umm, before you make that proclamation, sir. . ."
Everyone go follow he is new to twitter and a big uk fan
This entire weekend i did homework to get my grades up. Got all my work done. 10 days of school left.
I woke up late last night and tried to write. I thought using my iPad would be easier, but it just wasn't the same as scribbling on paper.
daily #homeschool tip: summer's here; replace 'school' with 'pool'. math/physics - flow of current;aquatic ecosystems; swim in spanish..;
aw. Curie patootie!
yo bitch what up
so only one picture for all of them.? okayy.
Never in a million years I would do my so call bestfriend like that
Early film submission deadline is June 15th. is ure film almost ready for submission tp://www.gsiff.com/
Also a big #FF to our great programs for transition, social skills & Friendships:
Didn't you interview them once for us?
Have fun lol RT : Party at the Lowery house!!!!!!!
what happened??
20:19 Second verse for Baby Don't Go is almost done. My bad if I'm more versatile than you. I have more around my music beside a club.
Be sure to like us on facebook and follow our tweets for specials and a complementary treatment on your bday.
;Can you Follow Me Back (: ? Pleasee (:
I knew it
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Whip It
BOOM BABY! DANK MONDAY IS HERE TO SERVE UP SOME KICKIN SUBS TO ALL OF YOU AWESOME STUDENTS OUT THERE. 50% OFF.
too funny!!
The rappers are worshipping the devil by saying that
Keep pouring it on nuggets FTM!!!
me neither
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway. Fr. Jerome Cummings.
Google&#39;s Penguin Penalty for Innkeepers and Hoteliers
Headed to for our new member steering meeting. Should be fun!
#incaseyoudidntknow is my girl
Depression stems from the past. Anxiety is triggered by a fear of the future. Be in the now.
“: If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.”
JDA Software Drives Significant EMEA Momentum with Strong Customer Wins and New Russian Office
Then why don't you marry him? RT I love you
MUST YOU BEE SO HOT? <333
SOON I WILL FINISH GRADING WEEK 4 DISCUSSIONS
Romney needs to get back into the spotlight but not with gaffs
LET'S WORK ! Let's film !
you do live in a good area.
I totally AM! LOL!
Nuggets lost :o , oh well the spurs are still gonna take it. Goodnight
Calories don't count on Super Bowl Sunday, right?
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. --Garrison Keillor
Pirates are coming back!
Have a Namas day:)
Rocking the shirt at work today. Thanks !!
will be tomorrow also from 11-4.Best chicken and dumplins in the south.best desserts also
Today's Daily Deal - Bubbles Hand Wash Ultimate Protection Package for only $17.95 normally $35.95 www.mydailydeals.com
#TYVM for the restaurant week retweet!
Espresso at 8:30 - bad idea - but my work will get done (if the kids go to sleep!)
#online Instant Online Paycheck
Happy Holidays from Carlos A. Moreno Photography, may they be merry.
#ExteriorPainting involves a clean, dry surface and covering plants to protect them from paint drippings.
I moved from CA... Dr knowledge & openness is most important...Neurofeedback w/ intuitive expert is key... Talk?
Ah, finally! This will be the best news of the day.
FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN TODAY
Pregnant/breastfeeding women should eat fish, but avoid the fish with high levels of mercury: Tilefish, Shark, Swordfish and King Mackerel
haha good! I'm gonna need it!
Oh hahaha Im very confusing.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless moments of pure joy and laughter
Did you download it? It's Ah-mazin!
Our 4,000th follower! Brittany LoCoco , a dietetics student. Give her a follow!
Tanner has kept me up all night -_____-
Finally out of school!(:
you're following ne now i had my account protected
it's definitely something I've been thinking about. I'm going to look into it more after I release Flint 1.2.
Mix Master Mike coming up & feeling lucky about the giveaway
I'm so sorry. Beautiful and moving tribute by you. Your dad done good. Take care. Best to all.
"The fortune is in the follow up." -Jody Johnson
GET PERSONAL! Personal Training SALE Nov.15-30 at all 7 YMCA of Austin locations. Buy 2 sessions, Get 1 FREE. Great holiday gift!...
I'm so pumped for today's game :D
hahahaha I like that word .. Nilla . Its like nilla wafers . Cept not , (:
#IGot5OnIt RT : Who dares me to respond "Trophy Wife" when asked my occupation in the court room? ????
so true!
#YoMommaSoFat when she masterbates it looks like a 3 some
#FF to my other lovely #JoelLander ! She's great! ;)
So why did you text me if you can't even hold a conversation with me?
AUSTIN AUSTIN! Heey today's my buuurrthday, and all I want is for you is to just RT me. Please. Nothing more or nothing less
just saw a car with a hebron cheer sticker on it for annabelle, it's taunting us
I hate auto boxes that force you to type in a bunch of unreadable, jumbled letters.I'm not the Terminator trying to infiltrate my own email.
SD Beer Week - Take in local craft brews with an outstanding view (two of my favs!). and Mille Fleurs is
hahaha for real tho I'm Bout to Sting out on it what game should I have my momma buy for it?!
So sick.. Bad cold sinus... Asthma.. Ugh.. Breathing over hot water. Hope this clears up soon
she said the same more eloquently than I did whilst working on Safe House and Act Nat. Damn writers being writerly.
Thanks so much! RT Local parents: #FF to and their great #app for NYC parents.
No Drs other than Family Drs and ER Drs should be doing Urgent Care. Supervised PAs/NPs trained for Urgent Care too.
Aww i missed you guys.!;D <33
well! Having a laugh wiv my bruv.. Wat r u wearing for p.e tomoz? :)
Unruly Music festival countdown 1: largest ensemble to date - brings 13 instrumentalists, solo soprano, and conductor March 10!
In texas!!! dallas texas
Lost 2 credit slips, paid for food I didn't even eat, & broke a nail. Thank God that shift is over.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
YES..Thurman-Pie....
Hey #Packers fans!! Where's your #Buccaneers?
“: Roxy Music Clash Smiths Prince XTC NXS Joy Division” I always knew you were cool. This proves it.
Hey Brian, keep up the good work. Love the tweets & the personal account. Awesome way to hold yourself accountable! Be well.
ok nevmind :p
Bummer, I can't do either. Could we give them to another Chamber fan on Twitter?
ahem. Anytime you'd care to hook a brother up. Intrigued by the sound of this dude.
Thank you so much!! :D We appreciate the support :D
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Anyone know of a good eBook cover generator? I am making a series of eBooks to help people with credit card interest, credit and debt tips.
You are most welcome, and thanks for saying hello!
Great shoot with Sean today....he got the unlimited looks package....smart guy! ;-)
Dude Christmas Vacation is the best xmas movie ever. Do we wear a dicky with sweater and go to Wonderful Life party? I think not.
hahahaha I need a break. I took today off so I literally watched every second from this morning until now.
Thank you *blushing*
does this work for adults?
however, if I had to spoon with one guy, it'd probably be
PUT AND ON THE SCREAMTOUR
just don't inhale while biting
Springfest 2009 is right now at Mem Gym! Go!
Hey all, new show launching shortly. Look for the first viral video coming out tonight!
#ItsOkayToCheatif you are an MBA from Harvard, Stanford, Penn, Yale, Virginia, Duke, UIC, Dartmouth, NYU, MIT, or Berkeley
Nice sticks!! We would love to work together with you sometime! Whom should we email or call about that?? You rule!
some swifties really over use "fearless" and "speak now" like shut up
They have a pink iPhone charger?
House hasn't sold yet, but there is interest brewing. Would love to chat, but not this weekend. My brother and his family coming :)
We are so confused by the new convertible seat, were going to get it inspected!
ringringring!!! Hi Mailee!!! How's it goin?! Thanks for following!! Happy #Friday! love,
right cause i have no idea how its ginba go down
Tall Boy Tuesday. Just $2 bucks for one of them buggers.
hate wen people txt back slow
that's because you have a flip phone
this is my time, this is my time to shine let nothing stand in our way.
Thanks for the referral! :)
Agreed RT : Not sure if the 2nd time is working for those w/a team
Awesome Ladies Night in Wheaton!! I am exhausted, sweet Scentsy dreams to you all! Merry Xmas to you all!
Have an issue? Either man up and do something about it, or get over it. I'm waiting.
Last Tweet of the Night - Those who don't truly understand something organically tend to retreat within rules and dogma.
RT : Be authentic. Better to have people hate the real you than love the person who isn't you at all. (via )
then you can make enough $ for both of us
Opcon-A saves lives.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!
The Ex: or, the Cist
I LOVE that you wrote this! But if you were female, *very* unprofessional, says "Professor Mommy"
I like to think of myself as the 34th best or something like that
Bella, you love it....
LET ME SING IT AGAIN
you lost cake ass weaver
do u think best is out for season or do u think he will return week 10? And should I drop him and pickup a replacement?
Merry Christmas, Baltimore!
People will copy you, steal from you, and attempt to hurt you. In the end, they will always FAIL. God doesn't like ugly."
RT If we assume this life is all there is we're likely to waste it. If we know we'll be accountable 1day we'll wisely invest it.
will be interviewing #HallieDay tonight on 's News at 10! Hallie is a Top 24 finalist on #AmericanIdol this year
guess what? You should run the hobble creek half marathon this August...with me!
that was said beautifully!!
If your not following me
congrats on making the Dean's List!
thanks man. Appreciate you.
I can't spell today apparently: How is Chicago still your number one team? Heat beat them and Phili, Bulls lost to Phili.
Is it wrong if I say YAY? :D I'm so glad you enjoyed it and it totally made me cry when writing it too.
that happened to me twice while living downtown. They were either drunk or had no insurance
TOUCHDOWN #Ravens! 17-16 lead we got this!
#WeCantBeTogetherIf you don't treat me like I for you.
Anyone want to get top Mac apps for FREE? !
I will unfollow cus how about this no one cares about ur opinion! So bye bitch
cena your going to win this sunday go at him like an animel beat him so bad he would wont too give you the wwe champenship
This awesome! Plays right into what I want to research for my thesis.
Man I've had lazy days in the past, but this is the laziest one in a while, feels good especially since the weather is so crappy....
Broke out the Christina agulaira and had Ezele's and became obese.
you tweeted!!!
You right!!! LAME but he got his moments he not lol
interesting... no purchased links, but was linked from pr4 blog homepage for a week in nov... ah the goog bots, whatcha gonna do?
For sure Jodie!!
lol, cool what ??
Wow. I've seen a share of dirty filters, but nothing close to that.
All I ever had in this world was my balls in my words I don't break em for no one
so happy now that my wifi finally works
That is why I love you! (Christy)
We'll be reading The #GoodFoodRevolution by CEO of Will Allen - changing the way our nation eats!
"Going My Way" & "Business of Love" - I just want to be as cool as these two guys. And I know I will never be.
#PhxChi #Blackhawks and #Bulls vs. Heat, both @ 7pm. Multiple TVs + $3 Miller/Coors Light bottles = PARADISE!
Hello EG All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
omg she totally deserves 2 meet him shes battling brain cancer and her one wish was 2 meet Justin so cute!!! <3
#TheVoice SCREWED UP ROYALLY by not picking !!! Wtf! Spread the word,
ah lol well mobile phones will replace computers one day so i guess it was bound to happen
I'm going to film this weekend some time. What kind of video do you guys wanna see? Music video? Sketch? Improv? Abstract?
haha that makes me.happy. I bet you send that picture to all the girls
The worst bullying takes place takes place behind closed doors and not on a playground.
yes the table is yours in exchange for the cloth!
At Panda Express with Justin & Edwin.
Thank you so much.:)
you haven't been to Vegas?!?!?!
SO to for getting named for 2nd yr in a row Defense Player of the Year & 1st Team WCHA and for being named to 3rd Team
rip leslie nielsen you will always be missed
Made an instagram follow me : dwitsss (:
Kobe definitely made up for his horrible game from yesterday
Up gotta go get the car detailed and shit
Thanks for the RTs!
God I wanna I fishing!
: if they need me to #shavemyhead I'd TOTALLY do it...lol I know i'm
That awkward moment when youre in a meeting with someone and realize the last time you saw them was when you made out on the dance floor.
Blue grass music festivals haha
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors. Makes me question their attention to detail.
Very dissapointing loss. I need to see the video of Hall's screw up.
Twice today someone asked me if becoming a dad was in my plans. I was honest both times, but seriously... stop asking.
25 hours and still no power. Could be 10-14 days. Not a happy girl.
50 degree temperatures in January?!? Can't complain!
we don't drink much here but when we do... oh lord. Mucca Pazza last night was freaking awesome! blogging soon I think.
yep, I love it :) but they say it weird cause I'm the only girl that I have ever work in there arena :p as a field coach
Thanks for the support!
I just wanted to let you know that everyday whenever im feeling down I think of you and my mood changes To happy. I love you :)
Thx - Glad you all liked the changes.
Never again in my mother fucking life am I doing this again... I should have stayed home in my fucking bed.... This is really bullshit
Happy mothers day to all you moms out there!!!
Great freezing rain just what i wanted:/
I hate a thristy ass nigga!!!
No problem! Game time!
where you at hawk? Let me actually get ya something tonight sir!
My mind is n pieces.....
wait... where is this mysterious pay check? & can I cash it in for real usa money?
Thanks! Memphis is my hometown, and will always be a church home. I've been in SATX for 2 yrs working at SeaWorld.
that's what I did and where my avatar comes from. covered in sweat after workout. lol. now I'm looking for the next challenge
There's def been some better days!
uh when did we stop?
I need it right now, where are you when I need you.... Never seem to be there when it matters most :(
