": Through her passing the Gospel has been preached all over the world. John 12:24…… Awesome!!!!!"
word homie. Beep.
I See Your True Colors And I Ain't Feeling Em...
Staring at my poster that Austin signed for me<3
OK!!! How are you on stage, running for office, and sending subliminal love messages to a woman not your wife?!
Seth got me an Ed Hardy face mask...so I don't have to cover my face anymore on his show.
I expect any Dispatch sports clarifications have to wait for CBJ public relations dept. approval.
I can't wait!
probably but I can't afford that haha
Have you checked out our new mobile site yet? Making it easier for our adventurous students to find courses and register!
sad to see you go too baby girl
Ok so 3 episodes in and HBOs #Girls continues to confound me. So well written but I hate all the people in it. Maybe that's the point...
When you going to open a place in the Mid-Cities? Don't get to Greenville much anymore.
knock 'em dead! RT : #hth2012 my & 's paper is in is about to begin. Session is social media, new media & the past.
Anyone who wants to make a difference and give of themselves should start training for the #peaceride! It's going to rock & help!
wheelchair and if anyone pushed in or got cheeky, she'd hit them with her stick and give them a mouthful. It was hilariously
"Heaven! It waits them all!" (Break This Stone)
#Dancemoms melissa is crazy today
I'm beginning to think coffee has achieved self-awareness and is trying to escape.
I'm excited for game though have a feeling it's gonna some real playoff atmosphere
Oh right - of course. :) We shared that a week or so ago. Didn't connect the hashtag & your post! Ha. Love the project!
": The minute you start caring about what other people think, is the minute you stop being yourself."
Being lonley is def one of the worst feelings, maybe because it goes hand and hand with depression
please just name it something else as married is not yours to use. You are different and proud of it. be creative.
Of course! Can't wait to see you for a clean up.
Thanks for what you are doing!
it's alright. :)
Without a doubt, the web and social media are making it easier for businesses to communicate with their publics
In 10 years, FIU will be ahead of The U in all facets: Athletics, Med School & Law School. Power of the people. Retweet if you believe...
Depends on the guy...drug dealer or pimp. Lol RT : A man will kill you over a woman before he kills you over money....
(#ff) I can actually hear you say those words in that calm trademark asian james earl jones voice. Werid!
Ok I hear ya. In NY listening to FM 97.1
so its 5 am and i woke up just to tweet you
Finally found the inspiration to write some new music. Here goes something
Except, every time I'm in Palos, I'm amazed by how pretty it is. All those woods!! (And there are good churches...)
Bray be lookin sweet AND bad in his sleep. LOL! Kids. Love em man.
Watching football on my laptop just isn't the same
thanks for the follow ..finding some good food spots in Modesto?
dude tell me about it :/ I was just talking about you thee other day with ant! But I got alot to fill you in with girrl :)
excited and adoring but not impressed.
Day off from #running was much needed! Muscle recovery is just as important...right? Got some chores done to!
I'm glad my temper has calm down cuz I almost curse the supervisor out for being an asshole Fuck em I need this bread so he can't touch me
Happy Birthday!!!! Have a blast and enjoy your day!
Excited about my upcomng #speaking class. So grateful for the overwhelmingly positive response from current groups. bit.ly/mptaaa
lol I guess he stole my name off the attendance sheet -.-
I feel
We should talk, I'd love to hear more about who you are and tell you a bit about our vision for the midwest.
Awesome ! And welcome to our tweets. Looking forward to yours.
KREIDER WITH THE ASSIST!!!
YAWN, Awake and making coffee too late in the day.
Do your thing tonight broo.
Thanks for posting, Ben. Glad you like it!
are you gonna come to do a showing in chicago for smitty? cause i wanna see it!
Not as good as ours, I'm sure. #twitterwar RT : great! Let us know what you think :-)
Birkbeck allows a leadoff double to Mike Kingery, but settles down to get the next three. Mariners lead 3-2 after two innings.
Be a friend to yourself, and others will be so too Thomas Fuller
you should follow me back gorgeous;+)
Awesome, Russ! Great peeps up there at the ole W-B! Say hello to Valerie for me. I'll be there in Feb & will look for you!
Langley says it's distressing UCAN has decided to dissolve instead of opening its books and being honest about its finances.
It's just Robert, it is what it is. I'm great & thats all that matters 😊
im such a fucking lady but im dancing like a hoe! haha :)
I could care less about Klout, but um...thanks? :-)
Can yall like take my name out of the mentions ? :)
#3WordsForYou Trust in God 
Any petitions in Ward 8? I haven't seen any yet.
I've recently been batting around the idea of sending in job applications even though I don't need a job.
Nah just bored..
#np I shot the maid by greeley estates<3 I miss these guys wish they would stop in el paso again hint hint
Just said farewell to one of my favorite colleagues ever, Good luck in Dallas! Tell we said hello!
Thanks for RT, hope you are well :) xx
Save the Date... Saturday June 2nd... For something Enchanting!
RT I don't care where LeBron James ends up... As long as it's not at 11pm on TBS.
....and remembering no matter how much i succeed, only happiness makes this a successful journey.
hahahah ;) dude you make me laugh!
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same. - Anne Frank
...also, it's lumpy
reply to this I want to see if it will fix my timeline I'm not getting updated
Council is getting multiple reproduced emails concerning Memorial hospital. Does anyone know where they are originating from?
What is a class, lesson, activity or camp that you have always wanted to try? What should Campopoly.com feature?
I was then an now I'm onmy way bacc to StL
Space mining? Good luck with that one. Get past the Space Treaty and you might have a chance but how does that lower launch costs?
Stop by and celebrate Superbowl at Atmosphere Bar,also right after the game the Diva Show hosted by Angelique Munro will start!!
The Flo+TheMachine show is sold out this Sat - but we have tix this hr! Listen for your cue!
YOU'RE ONE OF THEM. THANKS JOHN.
That's true. I think this gubernatorial race is rather interesting.
it would be better if you followed me
he was my teacher in high school. He deserved it. Just kidding, he was a good guy.
love 9 innings. As a fan i need to ask for speed fixes for ryan Braun and rickie weeks. Much faster!
I might not be what color you want me to be, but I'm the brightest crayon in the box.
Hey Im bored lol
who is the tottenham supporter in the studio?
congrats on the awards guys! You deserve it and more!!
Just got like five feet away from a deer pretty kool
Heroes Amber & Nathan are heading to "south jungle" with water and socks. There was a big group of ppl missed yesterday on outreach.
Looking for a sharp PDX content strategist to jump in to help organize and present detailed product info for a website. DM me.
sometimes you get to impersonate other drummers during a session, this time it's Danny Carey, ain't nothin wrong with that!!
625 today with me! ": oh i remember now...i called 4 an hour too...and yeah now imma get tight with "
yes! Thanks Haymitch!
Happy Holidays from Auto Glass Experts
what up lil buddy! How you been? How's dancing been for ya?
DS: keep your head up Jimmy
Will the hometown football team Helix-La Mesa take the win in today's Div II game? Watch LIVE today @ 4pm on Chan 411
go to bed kiddo
other times, when we try to change to meet someone elses expectations, we end up getting stabbed in the throat with a pen.
i did. i had homemade starbucks in the pot.
lemme know how that goes haha!!
Hey babe so how was the party. Shouldn't you be sleeping by now? lol
'They do not want to change their policies. They just want you to think they have changed their policies'
Super Bowl is the top home party event of the yr ahead of NYE says NFL & USAs 2nd biggest food consumption day of the yr behind Thanksgiving
I haven't found any app that is that much of a power hog.
sounds good Jay!
-- just watched #eCupid. Cute movie. :)
Go to the gym or keep pinnin on ?
By learning you will teach; by teaching you will understand. Latin Proverb
Come on O's! You can do this! Then its time for a Budlight in Federal Hill!
Searching for beds in Portland in April :)
In addition, said that following twitter chats helped prepare him for the expo and researching companies before hand
Was videoed at Longsands, made a music video in school, and had a lesson outside. School is the funniest sometimes
quiet night for a full moon.
Sounds fun, wish I was there!
uh... I'm your best friend. I deserve it.
Full and busy afternoon! Thanks for hanging out with us, peeps!
goodluck cuties Iu god bles
Just finished Where She Went by Well done sequel to a fav #yalit book, If I Stay. Exclnt #summerreading!
\ And I enjoyed the chance to interact with people truly committed to adding value and making a difference.
Why must even the best ideas be "sold"? What happened to listening, engaging, sharing, and moving forward collaboratively with customers?
It's Friday and a good day to smoke something in a cool handmade pipe....
Is it just me, or does Harry Reid exhibit signs of mild cognitive impairment?
There's our Miramar, FL girl singing for Elton John! Pepsi commercial during
HELLO ian
that's a big band. orchestra big.
Happy birthday :]]
We Are About To Through Up Some Tracks Done By JPryme!!
lol Ikr I feel like weird on twitter in front of everyone I don't know lol
There is one. And will only ever be one Louis Armstrong. Gracious I love this man's voice.
If I was the space shuttle, I would be wondering where all this attention was when it was time to renew the program.
Don't forget the playlist, no curse words!
Happy New year! It is now 2012, but don't put undue pressure on yourself to make up for everything you didn't accomplish in 2011.
well, I guess that's okay then. ;) as long as nerdy goodness is happening!
Oh to twitter again...
My nana: becca you don't seem to happy eating that soup. My mom: its not soup, its cereal. Lmao (x
karthik is not on twitter and not active on facebook too. why?
Follow me on instagram i follow back
Tech curriculum development:we were asked 'what are the "technologies" that we want students to master?' What do you think?
Please hope this person survives .... god be with him/her ... they hit a cement divide going like 50 the car is totaled massivly..
My damn phones off & i couldnt call ;( Hope youre okay, i text you! Im.worried sick. More than you know ;( </3
Now im on a ramen noodles a day diet
Held my 1st gold medal!...but lost respect for the athlete when she dissed the intern class in front of me, an intern.
Easy to dream a dream, it's harder to live it!
": Hope our brothers & having a "refined" time in NYC!!"
Vinny and his spelling mistakes ! Lol 😁 It's cute 😊
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher
At the airport for early flight to Hartford, CT. Speaking today at #Wesleyan. Excited to be part of the CAAS's First Book Series.
We are in throes of planning now. The Maritime Ghost Conference is going to be one-of-a-kind!
ugh that is a beautiful thing
Jesus, Allah, Moses, the 12 apostles, and Tibetan monks won't help Tebow tonight
It's nice to get away, but nicer to get home. On my way.
At the gym with
I know sorry! :p
Sjshdisnsbdkabadjos. Need sleep.
Somebody Please send me pics of the metorshower tonight!!
Is anyone else addicted to pawnstars? Can't stop watching it...
he's been in the league 2 years longer than dwill and cp3
Just ran my first ever #thatcamp scheduling session at #THATCampOSU. Is there a merit badge for that, Amanda? :)
Sorry about that :(
Behind the scenes video coming up in a few DONT MISS IT!
If I had a dollar for every email that tried to sell me an "ROI machine" today, I'd have 10 dollars.
I just saw my future.
Huge Jimi Fan. I think Lenny Kravitz or Terence Howard would be good picks to play Hendrix.
FLASH SALE: One more hour left to stay with Glenn this weekend for only $94! Call 888-717-8851 to book tonight or tomorrow, ends at 3 p.m.!
thanks doll:) that was sweet
ya til wed!
hungry as day but really dont feel like feeding myself....a damn shame...
Is anyone else having problems with their twitter account. I keep having to reset my password!
Wowzers. 40 hires in 30 days is kicking my booty! What's your favorite interview Q?
When the enemies of the US find out what horrible actors our marines are we're going to be in trouble
It is. :) He proposed to me down along the cherry trees last year, so it's pretty perfect. I think I'll keep him!
I'm in, but shouldn't we buy them together?
Awww thanks! Though all I really do on it is reblog stuff lol :)
Ok I think its time to get some new followers, so give me a shout out.
Sonic Happy Hour.
Break a leg..
umm more than likely Friday
Celebrating my cousin's graduation from college today...my family is being oddly apolitical today
No lack of enthusiam here...Cop Rock was amazing. Thanks for sharing, and Be Careful Out There on those drums, you know.
Not heated but it will do
i hope that one day we are all in a position to become a unit again
Ok God, I see you moving but ...
Are you one of the many ODs or OD students in DC for the AOA Congressional Conference? Tweet your pix/meetings using hashtag #aoahill!
Bold beggar, there.
Let the #stpattysday countdown begin! Be sure to hit up tomorrow! Text FREE to 35350 for #FREE prizes from Mo's &
cuz its finally
Rick, my crying towel was bigger.
my grandma is so short and cute ❤
Be yourself.❤ People may or may not like you, but it's important that you stay true to who you are.
Sittin at wife's job waitin on her to be done wit the last client
Just got my #klout perk in the mail - the #gecko bobblehead! Way cool. Thanks
In this Grizz-Clips series, both teams should have lost in 6. Spurs could be rusty, but don't think MEM-LAC good enough.
quit acting like a woman
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.
Punch me kick me cut me burise me but in the end its gonna hurt u more then me <3<3
RT : I think this race is over | I agree
Kitchen Remodel and Contractors Valencia 91354 » General ...
i feel great, but im terrified of tomorrow's geometric test. and what bout u?
Cool new German word: "Energiewende" (= massive retooling of Germany's energy system away from nuclear and fossil fuels).
And she'll never fucking know that, these eyes that in staring at
I only got to play guitar with antonio :/ lol
my kids have to earn screen time. growing up it was reading and weeding. living in the city, my kids will do extra reading!
i'm good, a bit distracted by the laker game. you?
It is TOO hot outside. Really, just stay home, NONE of you need ice cream😡🔥
I'm sick of dis teacher
“ The White Man is the Last person Black Folks need to worry about Holding us down.. We do enough of that ourselves!”
Q has anyone ever had sex while the kids were n the bed with them?
Tank even if we can make playoffs RT : New on OregonLive: Trail Blazers: Is it time to "tank" or are the playoffs still in play?
Thank you for making run after class!!! 😘😘😘
Want my bed.
Google is taking aim at Apple’s dominance of online music; Android users can buy music on the web & automatically sync it to their phones.
stopped reading at "doing homework". Get out of there now
Beware grilling outside in Dallas ...spontaneous combustion may occur!
♡RT : Success is not for the chosen few but rather for the few who choose it.
justin is such a baby. like UGH. i'm like smiling at how much of a baby he is. believe tour come NOW !!!
Eating home made trail mix with raw cacao nibs, sunflower seeds, golden raisins, walnuts, pumpkin seeds and pine nuts.
"Your friends are crazy." "They're not my friends."
I'm great boo. just working a lot :-/
thank you for the RT!! We hope to see you there
in the booth gettin this mixtape together Love,Pain&Anger look 4 that
Congrats Jason!! No surprise
Ha, just realized i can barely talk or hear myself. Darn that concert hit me hard! :D
You just made my whole week.
Did you hear that Meg? Guys can marry other guys now. So...this is awkward, if they can do that, it's pretty much it for you, isn't it?
What's the best thing after a long day at work? Coming home to a quiet house, making myself dinner && relaxing.
New idea: boo as grads walk across the stage. Keep 'em grounded, yo.
Aww thank you! The PrimZin looks fabulous. Working but I will try and catch the next one. Cheers!!
New word "monkeypox."
your so full of wisdom! The true value of mahogany and the true value of our minds! you are like an owl! haha
somehow I'm thankful abt d rumor re #Dolphy , as d belief goes: He will live LONGER!!! Met him when i was a kid! Give my luv!
likely story...
Consider it done brother.
Spoiler alert: #TheAvengers was FUCKING amazing! Stay thru ALL the credits
Passing better so far on this PP
nah, they are in trouble. 31 pt trouble
Thank you for the RT
you da best 😊
Haven't done one of these in a while, question of the day: Do you prefer a beer or a glass of wine? What specific one is your favorite?
#WildCardWednesday Tim Wilson - "Dale Darrell Waltrip Richard Petty Rusty Awesome Bill Irvan Gordon Earnhardt Smith"
In my head I am singing "shipping u pto Boston" I had a friend live there, said it was expensive. Would move 4 women though :D
Unprepared for class in the really important ways: forgot my coffee, forgot my water, forgot candy for during the break.
what do I need to do to either a) meet you b) play a round with you or c) have a beer with you?
HEAT ACADEMY!!!!!
Bout to take me a 30 min break on da clock.:-
already here :)
You'd think trained librarians with master's degrees wouldn't have such a hard time figuring out how to unsubscribe from a listserv. Jeez.
Congrats on getting your 100th career point!!!!
Grouplove coming on stage in the next ten. Anyone know these guys?
sounds mint
hahahah spell check
How u like that #sixers win #magicjohnson ? #hater #whatwouldyoufightfor sixers fight for respect lets go!!!
So who wore their costume to Pizza Shuttle this weekend?
was good?
Happy Birthday! :)
What would you do with $647 million?
heat game will end the day right. #heatnation #whitehot !
you should defiantly do it, cuz I'm positive there's nothing ur bad at
You know my drink! ;) It's only available to certain customers (i.e. me)
Skip the game and just watch the commercials on Hulu....but that Darth Vadar add is amazing
Amen to that !
Join us tomorrow as we take on CMU!
If anybody has a Path feel free to add me.
LMAO RT : “: bout to tear this stage down in columbus with tonight” going to the wrong festival
Just had a great trip to Alfred. It was great seeing all the old haunts. Now back to the job hunt
I just want to show you how much I appreciate you..
You Could Be Winning Too If You Weren't So Busy Hating.***Hating Is A Waste of Useful Energy***
Just came back from a 2 hour walk with my parents! #exhausted #feelsgreat :)
Expecting a little coopetition when #IBM and #Microsoft Execs onstage today at 10 am ET at #ec12 should be interesting
#FirstEdition has no #swag -- but we do have #RootWad and #Chalonga -- now the code names for &
lets get it!!!!!Cant Wait!!!
i'm not even sure what that means, but I'm sure I don't agree.
Will be at the Opolis tonight checking out The Costanzas! Come say hi!
Whether or not the company you are interviewing with requires it--you are showing respect when you dress business professionally
And a player named Shabazz.
Roasted acorn squash w/ raspberry sauce!
Will do. RT : #BkprTip: Don’t b afraid to ask your clients for feedback & listen to what they have to say. U will get grt info!
she's good people.
You need to visit. We would get into grand trouble.
Just played a major role in history w/726 others (so far) at my polling place
Hope you enjoyed the event!
I dont talk to Ryan anymore :T
Kaushal! Hope you are having a great day. Happy hump day to you too! See you soon!
I can never tell with you..
hell yes!
What is it about Pollan that you enjoy?
Speakers include Jack O’Connell (former SSPI), Susanna Cooper (Pro Tem’s office), Rick Simpson (Speaker’s office) & Mark Baldassare (PPIC)
Damn, one month already. 😊
Indeed. Can't wait. RT : and you and I. Let that sink in
: Can't afford to pay big $$'s - so I'm just starting to collect prints - linocut, lithos, screenprints... I love printmaking!
Thanks for following, Miss Lisa! :-)
One day after his show called the FDIC socialist, now Cavuto is fear mongering over a run on the banks in Europe.
you were famous before that ;) Thanks for being a part of it!
I don't want to argue with somebody, who is totally irrelevant anymore. It's pointless.
New Found Glory.
Thanks for those RT's for the arts!
Its my birthday! Hoping to get a Happy Birthday from today. It would mean everything to me. <3
follow please????
good class indeed. my oreo 💙
your welcome dude.
hell yeah to the yogo pants!!
mhmmm RT : that is www.aaron.tv ?
Why would people leave Ariana over the cutest tattoo.
Makin some covers :P they shall be up in a couple of hours :D
Early winter. Ugh. Only consolation is that the Red Sox are an unholy mess. Still, it was a fun season and I'm glad I got to see 3000.
It was so great to see you at the House and meet the cute boy!
SOTU--exactly..unfettered free markets were the problem.
For dope videos/music follow and of course myself, we got the Chicago suburbs on lock. Shows booked. Shirts sold.
So I see everybody in the bay doing this j12 dance huh?
When are you coming out with a book? Seems like you have the midas touch for business and I would love to get some mentoring.
ah my Facebook is linked :s x
Trying to refactor a tiny PHP project to follow the MVC architecture. It's not going well :\ Anyone know of a good tutorial???
S/o Happy Mothers Lifetime
When ever someone ask me a question first thing I say "GOOGLE IT!!" O.O
This Nigga G mad i Got a A on the test.. now i'm on the bus stop and SHIT
I figured I should alert the grammar police after LeBrons post game interview with Craig Sagert
RT Leadership is not a position or a title, it is action and example.
Haha I just might. I'll let you know!
Having an early dinner date with Louie, and the restaurant is playing a lot of Justin Timberlake. , make more music, please? :)
I love music, really. That doesn't mean I want to listen to the neighbor's playlist instead of birdsong & wind in trees. #amwriting #gah!
Lamborghini mercy. Yo chick she so thirsty
#Nonprofit #Advocacy Institute - Early bird registration, save $20 if signed up by 8/5! bit.ly/qnYmhu Get your voice in politics!
Big day for many.. graduations, marriages, etc. However, nothing is bigger than my #CAPS game tonight!!!
Ugh, 2 and a half hours!^^♥
also = happy kids.
And what a fun dinner it was! Delish food and great conversation! So nice to meet you. Hope you like The Good Dream in July!
First show for this marching season later today:)
You do your research!
LOL are you really talking about me when I'm standing right next to you?
you stay chuck e chessing lol
Breaking news: Portland police arrested 2 people at #ndaa #occupypdx march.
Oh, I agree! Too much new stuff to spend time on stuff you're already read.
Interested in auditioning for AU #Symphonic #Band? Rmb to bring your concert band instruments back to school this Fall. Stay tuned!
“: #Colts Fleener says Luck was already calling plays "with like 30 words in them."” Kid's going to be just fine...
Starring , , , , : PROS AND CONS: A FANTASY FOOTBALL MOVIE
Nick Young needs to be in the whole 4th he's clutch
When you realize is the lens is no more than an extension of your eye, you worry less and focus more.
Despite the crappy experience when spotify for android loses network connectivity, it wins the battle vs
All New Year's parties officially over, given the latest S&P downgrades, Greek talks stalling & Mideast chaos bubbling - just for starters.
55% off Martinizing Dry Cleaners service on www.crowdclick.com!
Off work now it's time for this #workoutflow then eat :)
Working two jobs for minimum wage
It was perfect, fits the culture, unique style of stadium and fans in Miami...they should be embarrassed for bringing Ali out
Interesting, thanks for sharing.
You mean, like an rental? Nice!
dude so rad ...congrats chef!!!
i really want to quit track at this point:(
;-Now leaving work tired... Hope my bae get his L's tomorrow :)
RT : Realizing as you get older you really have no one <<<<
lmaooo im so funny
Wow!! USPS plans 2nd ounce free for 1st class mail. That means all MiniBük products up to 88 pages mail for 44 cents!!! Open the floodgates!
they want Gaustaud but not for a
omg u finally got on twitter
Rip number 55
so proud of you!!!!
Love it!
wake up, little Suey, wake up?
Next week. Take a 'lunch' break. ;)
Lets keep it going Pastry world !!!!!!!!1
At Univ of Maryland to honor the last class of my fav prof from college. Humanities courses can make all the difference -even for bio majors
Thanks for giving us a try! Hope you enjoy your food
You must learn to translate #wisdom and strong feelings into labor.
Yo homie,...whats good with the "in the end"beat?...Hit me bruh.
That is actually my other account andi dmed justin for u all 5x :)
RT : Army Strong Remix!!! Ft Too #STRONG . Be On The Lookout!!!
"Best u ever had,,I don't wanna brag" Okay luvin the new tune from #johnlegend (Think like a man soundtrack)
Ugh let me blow some skunk
Misty morning in #harlem. Sipping the brown stuff and preparing for a full day of #yoga for all ages.
There is a sanctity involved with bringing a child into this world, it is better than bombing one out of it.
What is your opinion of pop-up events? These are events that are created by word of mouth and pulled together a la flash mob.
are you not at Spirit anymore?!:(
I need to shave my legs.. But yk.. I prolly won't. lol
you're making me hungry! I'll eat it all… cc
Would anyone be interested in free tickets to our show with Hey Monday? Follow ...info coming soon
And yet, I have never shazamed... <hangs head in shame />
S/O to all my new followers 😊❤
My desk is super organized at work. I have everything in one big pile.
Nice! If it aint broke... break it... and make it better.
true! but now he's gone rogue & is asking ?s of the setup lady that should b handled by genius bar.
Where was this sunshine yesterday ?? Froze my ass off at Thunder Over Louisville and missed the Big Yankee Rally at Beantown !!!
Busy day! Just got around to eating lunch. Fortunately, I'm going running tonight so dinner will be late too.
Adult Chorus rehearsing Vaughn Williams Mass in Gm for Nov 7 Evensong, Wash National Cathedral, 330PM
. think we might want to back off reporter live touch screen segments? Coolness has worn off. Substance over graphics.
They Probably felt bad that his birthday was all the way in July..
And we're rolling. Vice Chairman Cliff Illig on the podium giving opening remarks.
Always! Lol RT : Lmao twitter is getting ready to be hilarious..theres some salty ass ppl and some ppl getting excited..love it
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. And if you haven't found it yet, don't settle. -Steve Jobs
RT : #LAKings did stay in the hotel last night, 'keeping things the same' said one player.
writing about high school basketball and watching college basketball. Go Irish!!
Me & have a super awesome summer planned. California, Nashville, Florida... I hope everything works out <3
Idk lol But it makes ya think doesn't it? ;p
follow me back .
Kelsey is interviewing Bowling for Soup tonight any questions?!
Excellent choice!
haha way to go, my last name is in my twitter name :o haha
Where is the Terrace Webcam when you need it..
Why the fuck are girls always so moody
Watching American Idol
: how dare you.?! Lolz what chu goin their for.?
Been saying this for a long time. Carmelo Anthony has been underrated for most of his career. Best shooting superstar from '03 class.
#69Factsaboutme 32. Language Arts is my favorite subject.
Are they giving out medals in Vancouver or tea saucers? Good lord those things are large!
It seems some people have been saying bad things about us online. I will not be fooled and click the link.
you raise me up
preach that shit!
"Don't blame it on the sunshine, blame it on the Boogi"- Miss u Michael
True! So we are up to 6%
"Driven" the mixtape drops May 18th..
Join Las Vegas VIP club and get exclusive discounts at area restaurants and businesses..
Watching Dave chappelle show season 2 instead of going to church
obviously nets are tanking games for a top pick, what would we get if the have a top 3 pick?
so far she has resubmitted her transcript to show increase in grades. how else can get off wait list at
#JamesGangSKC #SportingKC So i tried making a logo and failed..... Can anyone help?
its the playoffs, a lot of people played banged up. Forgot Noah was out too. They're done. Only excuse is D. Rose going down.
awww well come and visit me and the new bambino in Encinitas anytime. staff #roadtrip!
Time to make a difference Colorado REDI!
Summer is almost here. I'm ready for bball camps, recruiting, a lot of fishing, and some country music.
If I didn't earn it, I don't want it. If I want it, I'll go and get it. (rinse, repeat)
Politicalspeak is frustrating.
right on - be there soon.
Most people mess up many times before refining their process. Dont give up because u mess up. Keep going until u figure out what works
Just go with WordPress. I imagine building something more elaborate in Drupal for a huge conference, though.
Eat, Pray Love tonite
No worries. We'll have a tweetup JUST FOR YOU one day.
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
I think she was referring to when she allergy punched that girl. And she sorta looks like a vamp. Haha
I wish! Can't go this year but am eagerly waiting to see who wins. If you get in, take pics! ...If they let you
somedays I want to be a cowboy
Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to another isla..
Good Morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires- Hedy Lamarr
For a profitable list offer a service that people need or desire
hahaha yess, yes he does X ]
Anybody got a good book recommendation? Need something good to start the weekend.
Clippers still fly under radar. It's hard to grasp gap unless you're here. Homeless guys ask for Lakers scores. They're HUGE.
lol i was getting mad at u...i thought i was talking to myself#mean mug
Any of Sarah Vowell's books. She reads her own and I find her to be a delightful narrator.
Enjoying Vegas??? When does the new job start?
That's fantastic work, Mikey.
hahaha I know we have lots of variety of plants etc maybe thats why
He won't tell me his name
Latest Marquette Law political poll results officially due out in about 10 minutes, but has details now.
All i want for xmas is you!
The eagles finally realized they couldn't get a first round pick for Samuel.
- No Rental Car For Me !
totally forgot, i literally banged out 30 string friendship braclets last night, what colors do u want
In an industry where we constantly gripe about #foi requests — kudos to #FDA 's Jason Sadler for making #FOIA requests a breeze
LA Startup Weekend at is sold out (sold out quick). Stay tuned on for updates.
Was actually thinking about that last night. We do indeed. Any time April 12? I'm open until 2pm.
Country Pandora <3
Taking Chloe to see The Lorax.
Live life with No Regrets <3
I have a book that's ready. I just think it might make the world a worse place. Therefore, I might not release the book to the public.
In prep rm backstage getting ready for sesh #nbcusummer press day
thanks so much for keeping me up to date with the dash girls!, i dont know what i could be without you! :D:D
Mann I wish I didn't live in this small ass town, id prefer dallas or austin, and if I lived outta state id live in like miami or lA
“: When you hear and song from guitar hero on the radio and just blurt out GUITAR HERO” happens all the time.
what happened?
Ann McCallum's math adventure RABBITS, RABBITS EVERYWHERE: A FIBONACCI TALE is perfect reading for the Year of the Rabbit!
She has class
thanks for the #FF -- right back at you!
bleh tell me about it
Just chill the fuck out!! lmaoo just chill it's Saturday partyy put music on blast get high?!:)
Booked my ticket to Delhi - leaving Mar 12! While I'm there you can follow updates from the conference
Q. When not drinking #wines of #Burgundy, what are your go-to varieties?
Why is 's single "Who Are You When I'm Not Lookin" sitting at #4??? Can we get a re-count Billboard Country?
have a good trip and be safe in Afghanistan.
it's good you know my name
Nice! I will listen to it at random times.
i just realized kenzie has a snickers bar in his avi pic.
😭😭😭😭 this vacation sucks already
Been up since 4 smokin my as off..
Is your work keeping you busy or are you busy looking busy? Set priorities and goals and tackle the hard stuff first.
Follow your heart. Follow your dreams. No matter where it takes you. Be what you want to be.
i feel ya, its not mine too.
How much is it? Maybe we can still make the dream happen ;-)
Hopefully #Capcom will deliver one soon. I'd even love a #remake of Resident Evil 3 and RE3: Nemesis. That'd be awesome. ^NE
Everybody hates Chris is the best show in the world. I will be watching it in my college dorm this fall. That show rocks!!
it would mean the WORLD to me if you tweeted me happy birthday ! my birthday is Thursday but todays fine:)
this one I don't get sorry ... I don't know your not going to hell though I would take your place
I love you.<3
ok, fine - i'll call it. y'all will take over the world one Sushirrito at a time (cc )
i think it's time i revealed #OperationDarkFoxx: i dyed my hair! :3
Don't fucking assume or judge my intelligence.
I just wanted you to know I've always been a fan. Keep doing what you do, I got your back. Prez. Rollin Knights MC "Born"
lol ok ill stay hoe. D:
hey. I'm good just been catching up on sleep. How are you?
Thank you, Ken! How is the world of solar treating you?
The Minnesota Twins have agreed to terms with pitcher Francisco Liriano on a one-year, $4.3 million contract, avoiding arbitration.
My film "An Affirmative Act" (stars Charles Durning/Costas Madolar/Eric Ettabari/Blanche Baker) now playing On Demand on Time Warner Cable!
Bored at home -_-
I'm gonna need some rhinestones, a #bedazzler, some #washi tape, and some glitter pens....
We want to know what types of new edibles you would like to see us make? Share your ideas :)
proximate objectives - love'em
I am thankful that you can still go home again, even if it isn't your home
in line too. so frustrating
the same & bored /:
Oh well, life just got tougher
My kid doesn't eat much of the food I prepare for her. She will however. Seek out any random piece of lint & eat that. *sigh*
have you seen 's shirt on our site today, "Rock Daddy"?
sorry, I'm bad with sarcasm. I agree with you lol
I AGREE!
Scotty! Welcome to the page brother, enjoy the music, thanks!
ESPN's joins The Student Section today at 4:30 on WSUM
Movie time seeing
good luck brotha and congrats!
Dizzee Rascal just started on the Bridge Stage!
Maybe they liked the first ceremony so much, they decided to have a second three months later!
Hey that was :D
If you listen to the right music with the windows down, the #Nashville #cicadaattack provides a little extra eerie quality.
Coupon offers in the emails will vary, won't necessarily be for AW, but sometimes will apply to all laptops.
thank you!
ITS SAD WHEN U LIE SO MUCH,U BELIEVE UR OWN BULLSHIT&ACCUSE OTHA PPL OF LYIN ON U STFU&B REAL(u say u real right)Tell da truth if u not wrng
Escondido police lured teacher to Starbucks, thinking he would meet teen he's accused of molesting. Instead he was arrested.
Daisy Scouts meeting after school. I am volunteering at this one. Should be fun.
*raises hand*
You're so welcome Danielle!
How has sound technology come so far & yet the McDonalds drive-thru still sounds like someone is farting into a walkie-talkie.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Hit The Club In That New Range, Ya Girl Left With 2 Lames.. Im Tity Boi, Im 2Chains, Put That Together.. 2NAAAMES !!
What's love? Buying me pickle chips!
Eating tacos then gym.
Editing tonight. Editing Tomorrow. *sung like we've got tonight, who needs tomorrow
Morning, Twitter. How goeth your Monday. The sane me says fine. The insane me sez, everyday's Monday to me...
So proud of us :)
Yes it is RT : one night is too much.
Its not what you do, its how you do it !
70% of couples have a decrease in marital satisfaction after the birth of a baby. To change this the father needs to be more involved.
have fun in the ATL wish I could be there...congrats and good luck
Ah hell nah! RT : Rakim is opening for Kreayshawn.
hahaha skyrim is the funniest game for glitches. there is not even a debate.
Some people dont deserve children, and if that makes me a horrible person to say I am just a bad person, who is right.
Her, Ellie, Andy/Bobby, and baby Stan.
Love my wife!!
Ready for some #Blackhawks playoff action! Toews is back and feeling great. Good start. Go Hawks!
We love CM. :) Thanks for the info. Just an idea we're tossing around. It's been a while since any of us tumbled about.
ugh so jealous!!! Tell her amber says good morning 💙❤💙
Tournament Time! Let's Go
lies lies lies lies lies lies lies.
so much raw tension wasted. Tant pis!
Well I know who I will be cheering for on DWTS this spring!!
Looking forward to planning Kristin and Jerad's Wedding at Pipers at the Marott. It's right around the corner!
This is great! Keep the questions/comments coming, guys! <3 We want to know you!
That show is going to be so much fun.
We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER.
cannot wait for dinner with twitterless Missy. desperately in need of some real food and wine.
And we're BACK! Getting ready to record the #MashCast with , & Yes, we'll talk
I miss my Android. Damn hoodrat stole it after a month of enjoying it. Here's to you, escuela t(._.t)
they have come out and punched wade in the face. That impresses me.
Nope....Slippery Rock State
The one bloody thing that Pacers had to worry about with Orlando 3's and they are killing them on that shot.
Jesus I am trying to work here, now when I run out to see my clients I am going to have my mind running in circles :)
Where the fuck did Lehigh come from?!
Hey I'm younger than you so we totally can date..:)
Hope you are having a great, and relaxing fun time with yours truely! :) Take care
I really hope our players are seeing the tweets Cal is getting from these IU fans. Fuel to the fire.
LOL, just saying....
Did I mention that I love 's purple straws?
sounds like a nasty virus I had recently. Tough to beat.
lol oh. whatever, doesn't hurt to ask :p
My Daughter sure has an attitude but I love that I just hate that sometime she's a bully 😒
Still at work on Monument CIrcle in Indy even though most of my coworkers have abandoned me for the
Friendship is like a bank account. You can't continue to draw on it without making deposits.
Well I agree With Ric Flair,he is the greatest Wrestler in the History of Wrestling,if he says no its no
Can get Monta Ellis on twitter or what? Let's go Monta - know u r part of the highest scoring backcourt, but c'mon
from on education's digital moment. Tech disruption affects distribution, personalization.
I was going the more mundane route of rhubarb pie, but your idea sounds intriguing. Never made sorbet, though.
I followed you so it wouldn't be so awkward ;)
following you mami
#dsoc #slaleads how abt SLA create an indiv logo we can use in internal communications in our orgs? A personal brand for us to use.
Hardcore mini training day #2 kicked my butt. Ready for a drink
"When the end of mortal life comes, hesitate not to forsake this body for a more fit and beautiful form and to awake in realms of Supreme..
Hi there!
“: I shall be listening to beastie boys all day #RIPMCA” <--Another reason Rory kicks ass.
I had to dip out you know how mamas are haha. #alwaysinarush you did amazing though! :)
Already having the urge to high-five randoms
Romney's "I stand by what I said, whatever it was," bit is still hilarious. "I don't remember the talking point" is what he meant.
lol not missing much. most bars are filled with fake people and real assholes.
Same here. Numbers 5 & 8 are the ones that get to me.
Axley will be hosting our End of the Year Employment Law Update on Nov. 9 at The Edgewater Hotel from 1 – 4 p.m. Topics include: Disability…
Well that was a blow out...
Hard to believe I've been on Twitter over a year now!
they be boppin on a handstand
Sorry 4 slo rply. In some areas yes not in others. When carbon fiber legs outperform nat ones, will unimpaired want to switch?
Little Bad Ass Nigga! To That Crazy Ass Nigga! To that Good Ass Nigga! To if I needed IT I can get it Ass Nigga! Now I need mine Ass Nigga!
the thing that you fear the most doesnt exist until you give it life!
Fake Gucci that's that I don't like
Watching A Christmas Carol. Good movie, but idk what parent on their right mind would let a child watch this. It is scary!
You should probably include some of our Sweet Tea Vodka in that Arnold Palmer. We won't tell on ya!
Listening to "Manny Mokka & The Band on Fire" kill it!! Killin' Latin grooves..
Catch DJ T. On air at 5:30pm on Vamos a la Playa
Dinner: salad of wilted spinach, diced avocado, and radish kimchi. Pungency tamed by creaminess...Nevermind. This is getting way too sexual.
thank you seester! I miss you!
Im always up for a hike:)
What's up with my customized classes? In the main menu my assault class is my M16A3 but in the game I gotta use the AK-74M?
Middleton traffic: Parmenter St. roundabout and streets approaching it for 1 block to be closed from 9 to 11 a.m. May 24 for chipseal work.
Looking forward to today's SI Mentoring Program kickoff!
Only one more day! Get ready! :)
#NFAIS12 Camlek is the only speaker who consistently earns my trust and keeps my interest despite overly wordy slides.
Cracked my screen even more today .. Sweet . -__-
awww crap i mistakenly bid on something on campuslive
Tatzoo campaigns for locally endangered wildlife would make great content.
I give up on this whole wedding thing...
In politics stupidity is not a handicap. Napoleon Bonaparte
Hey stranger
eyelash fathoming
yai saw that one too. awesome!
RT : Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
[P&I 2012 opening] Asia&#39;s largest Photo & Imaging Industry Show to get access to world&#39;s cutting edge equipment
Good night all!
RunTex hired to produce Trail of Lights - Austin American-Statesman (blog) RunTex hired to produce Trail of Lights Austin American-States
There's alot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul & just know that I grow colder the older I grow.
Omg I love my parents they let me do everything with my friends as long as I did good in soccer great compromise!! :)
Good morning and happy Monday! How did you celebrate Mother's Day?
As a student, I speak for many when I say that I am disappointed in the lack of communication to the students about this.
This is really just another regular day to me.
The White Elephant Sale has started at the West Senior Center. Come on down to 4th & Beech in San Diego.
awww you're so sweet :). Glad you like it!
Revival day 3. A faithful believer with a pressing problem. Matthew 17:14-20 Dr. Booth
I think it will be! :)
OH indeed, this will be great!
It must be pretty awkward watching South Park with a black person,mexican or a gay person..all the jokes are directed towards them
Nice! Kitesurfing looks super super fun. Enjoy!
or you throwing right handed
Yeah exactly. Was no bad blood in the series. We get picked on by Canadian fans. They get it from Rangers fans. Commonness.
fantastic ideas from on making google maps keyboard accessible using the api
Even when he was with sorry ass Boston!
The Crowdbooster weekly email is some good stuff! Thanks again for the rec
Oh - thank you so much :-D
What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
Thanks for the follow, Pete!
If you are eligible and need more info, please contact the Assessor's office at 312-443-7550.
someone is going to get hurt if doesn't fix this
just had a nice meal and a glass of Marques de Riscal Rioja. I just started cooking after 17 years of eating out!
RT : Let's go Marquette <-we love and let's go
Head in clouds it was love on the stage
James Jones look shook! I don't know man...
Sleep well Honey!!xoxoxoxooxox
your welcome, don't mention it!
wish I had time to grab lunch, I'll have to come in soon!
Sigh. Because I obviously don't have enough to do this week with HULLS2 and everything else.
So. Tired. Ugh. School.
What happens when we learn? A new wrinkle in the brain?
- well take em now then
RvD's Crassus boys ( and ) are not only powerful sketch comedians but also powerful WIZARDS.
that's what's up
Tonight was about me and the music, and no drug, drink, or person was going to take that away from us.
Thanks for the mention!
❤ Thanks for all the inspiration it means a lot. ! I Love you Chris ❤
We are giving away free shots for every #Braun hr this year. People are happy tonight!
I need a stress reliever.
morning....good day!
Drink up boys, Cupid's buying tonight!
Only because you're dropping knowledge!
RT : If the zombie #apocalypse happens, I'm just going to surround my house with outward facing treadmills. I should be fine.
GO TWEET HIM!!! HE JUST TWEETED
. No question re messages & streams. However, understanding and integration require time -- human time.
got you
Promise to hold.to touch me...love me....way past forever<3 -Romeo Santos ft. Usher promise
you know me - only in twitter 1x a month :) interesting poster -- I'll have to check it out
Wtf, talk about bs.
we're so excited for you to get done and settled in!!
"Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thanks guys! Hope you are having a great Friday! Are we still on for June 2?
#oomf is cracking me up this morning
Just started a new position at TOSS - DM me for help with VMware, Falconstor, VTL, BCDR, SAN, Citrix, etc!
Has anyone noticed that Blake has a picture of a griffin above his name on his track suit? How great is that?
For me you'll always be 18 and beautiful and dancing away with my heart #ACMs ❤🎶❤
#PetLovers Plz remember #KillShelters don't close on wkends. #DOGS & #CATS are #EUTHANIZED #DAILY. If you can't adopt/foster: #help via RT's
"what a lovely homeless girl"
Craving a simple heirloom tomato salad with olive oil, vinegar and basil. Also an heirloom tomato tart, and a green tomato relish.
buut I still kinda wanna go...
good point. When you remember good times it's always about the experience!
u should meet up with me and Wisch
love you nigga.
Word to Blimpy.
RT : Tonight at the barn - Music City Roots has a great lineup for you - Drew Holcomb and the Neighbors, Billy Henson,......
OMG!! the sandman must have tripped and spilled the whole bag of sleepy dust on me...Night all!
why you unfollow me ?? FOLLOW BACK :o)
ha I wouldn't expect anything less
Need to get home! So much to do! I hate end of school year. So much work!
Who books a 6:00am flight, really? I did and am very tired for my flight to Boston.
where do you live??
The voice impersonation stuff starts to wear thin, but I'll never get enough of his monologues.
yes we have to represent well :)
Awesome! RT We're working on a new release for the #websiteanalyzer and should be launching tonite or tomorrow....
Happy Black History Month... Lets commit to learning a lot of what Afro Americans contributed to world!
my man
hi lanett and friend
Watching "harry potter and the chambers of secrets" c: After a long talk with my exboyfriend :(
Employment. Was nice while it lasted. Ugh.
Haha almost got it right. Effing taquitos. This rivals the bad sushi incident.. Whommmmmp.
thank you, we are at your service
Today's pet peeve: When people ask you a question and then text while you're answering them.
It was wonderful seeing early birds at this morning's screening, hosted by
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer22
Play some ball today got my Lin on now it's time to chill I miss myson & girl
my ebook can be downloaded for just $2.99. Please support the cause to help fight child poverty. Laws need to be overhauled!
If you want to watch the Super Bowl on a budget, we might be able to help with that...FREE appetizers will be served durning the game.
yes yes yeeessss!
RT this if your going to Austin Mahone's Concert in NYC
Hell no im leaving
Casino Night Tips -You may choose to give out prizes at the end of the night
I've developed the newest and hottest art movement. Unfinished minimalism, it's never been done.
God I love going to bed
i have officially fallen in love with you... my love only grows... wonder if you love me too?
Perez pitch count currently at 0...fyi
Ok I gotta know, where are you? looks amazing what
Winning is about heart to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
i like boys but only unooooo (:
Jesus You Are The Best!!!
What if you woke up today with only the things that you thanked God for yesterday?
Thanks again for all the birthday wishes and the birthday love, you guys made my day even greater!
Hey gave you her number in chicago. Call her.
Oh. Hello.
Whoops...I apparently am really tired...must have fallen asleep on the letter "e"! LOL Have a good night & wonderful week Soror
I may have just jumped up and cheered at a soccer goal. Obviously, I lost brain cells last night.
he stay on my mind all day , i promise
My seminar on philosophy of the arts discussed "Mulholland Drive". It remains indecipherable. We took a Sontag-esque approach.
"I got more than a thing for you, tattoo and ink for you right over my heart, girl I do the unthinkable"
That just happened.
cool thanks for the #love. Got another one coming in June. Great tunes and lots of fun!
... also beginning of another letter from daddy to z- #androidjesus totally love writing this novel &feel like it's a once in lifetime gift
the #EDM PLAYGROUND w/ IS LIVE RIGHT NOW! TUNE IN FOR THE BEST IN ELECTRONIC DANCE MUSIC! MANIC MONDAYS HERE WE GO!
If you don't know Between The Trees; I honestly feel bad for you. Okay. They're A M A Z I N G.
Paradise just got that much prettier with the opening of at DFS Waikiki yesterday. Spring in ladies!
[ #GeorgeClooney + The President = major political Soirée. Where? G's House. Burbank-Hollywood Proper | Watch #LA routes for traffic - oxox]
On way into the field and will be online later chao and thanks for the productive chat...
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
These girls are rude
I did your Abs 10 this morning after the Fire 60...My Abs are already feeling it #can'twaittillmorning!
Not only is this the first Bubba to get a Masters, he's the first that even picked a major.
Why would Joe Manchin urge passage of such a Cap and Trade bill if he's so opposed to Cap and Trade generally?
big dittos back to you both!
Being Ignorant is not an attractive feature on anyone
man that other song is raw Drake and Nicki Minaj im so proud
So long as you're getting your money's worth!
‧Phill: lil put that down or im yelling MY mommy! ‧Lil: umm Phill we have the same mommy… Lmao
That's a lot of black smoke at 400 Briar for only one chief and no EMS, CFD.
Arrived in STL. Ten minutes at my folks' and I'm sipping cava w/ rose hip liqueur, & a Spanish cheese/cracker/olive tray.
buy hardcover for $15.91. Sell for $14.99. Amazon takes a cut. I end up paying like $3 for book. Not Eco-friendly, though.
Everybody deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
I should be sleeping but instead I'm listening to .
Seem to enjoy the Bonmac dripper more than the v60 these days.. Sipping a 50/50 Brazil/ Ethiopian blend to wake up today
yup me too and i also cant wait 4 my bday
#UTSA Athletic Director Lynn Hickey a critical member of the selection committee on this #NCAA selection sunday... this is her last year
It's Gold Card week! Get 20% off your purchases!!
at least the TV time was for something important.
My way is cooler. More designer-y. ;-)
Omfg. I haven't been on in so long. I'm watching the voice right now and I was freaking out. Went on tweet limit on my personal /:
direct msg me sir
Hanging out in Keller waiting for the party to start
Man asked me to make him copies. Um, no. Make them yourself at the *public copy machine*.
betty white's off the rocker ='s lmao i love old people
New to Twitter! Very excited to be here!
No lie, just pity the fool who writes it! ....on second, thought, it might but someone on the map
Rude tellers at the bank are no good.
it was acutally thru the Brighton Store. They called back the next day but still didn't have an answer yet. 2012 Focus 17" rims.
we should leave the blog up, & twitter too. evidence of our project that we presented at a conference. BIG DEAL in the real wrld!
#WIunion activist turned candidate raises $100K for her #RecallFitz campaign. Will be on radio show 5pm CST.
#RememberHow we asked our mothers for advice instead of google?
Well Nebraska is wrong. Nd by the Way. U never answered either of my questions. Lol
Each time is easier nd easier(x
I wish we had earlier in his career. I really thought he cared about public safety. Cops, FF, and LG.
Locals: Society of the Spectacle rocks! If you need glasses GO THERE! Best customer service (Highland Park, LA)
Brb Gonna Go Stare At My Justin Bieber Poster.
straight, packed like usual
No news assignment meeting Mon due to holiday, so it's been rescheduled to TUES @ 5 p.m. (MGC 252). Also, general interest mtg WED!
“: I never get tired of watching Kevin Durant's mixtapes!🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀” try watching Lebron's...
Adam Scott is sexual. I am now really into golf.
My eyes twitching so I can't see. Therefore I can't read 4 books by tomorrow. Idiot teacher expects that much reading in 2 days?
why are you tweeting this to her?
hey! How have you been? Its been a while, what's new with you?
You're amazing
#SometimesIWonder if I'll make it through the hour. #ThenIRealize, that's why there's coffee, silly!
Dream On, Dreamer is so good.
hi, im here too! First workshop of the day
Thank you for the awesome inspiration 's youth poets!
#divaconference Anna Ochs is telling us about Angela Peralta, the "Mexican Nightingale."
Wearing all black on a beautiful spring day. Suck it, life.
anytime after 4
Pad Thai bistro
????? Wen all this happen
made those people life hell wish I left earlier
Apparently I'm a huge slut. Well it's true....
Just finished watching Fireproof with my mom. Awesome movie!!
hanging out you?
We are so excited to welcome Lori Holt Pfeiler as the Associate Vice President of The San Diego Foundation ()!
Seau, btw, is the EIGHTH member of the '94 Chargers Super Bowl team to have died. All of them dead at a young age.
Anyone spot the Mad Hatter singing with Lisa Marie Presley?
For some of us multitasking is just natural, or maybe I just have some sort of disorder.
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
I'm glad you noticed(;
dolma's newest location: MARILYN JACKSON'S ACCESSORIES 405-C VANN DRIVE JACKSON, TN 38305 United States
Yes indeed. :)
i hate the new wwe informer (boss)
A small corporation that cannot get a hold of investment funds to to operate their corporation can use accounts receivable factoring.
Added to our fleet this week. Things are definitely moving in the right direction...
Yes yes yes yes!! Bumpus says, "hire staff who do not feel threatened by technology" !! {Very big smile}
seafood shoppe - hands down best crawfish and crab in Houston. Incredible spice. Been a family favorite for years.
C's have never been interested in Blatche? i would trade him for JO in a second!
Pathetic pathetic pathetic
Taxis shouldnt be posted up like the cops
Fee of Women in Military Service for America: self marginalization is an issue. Women need to understand every story is impt
turkey and a loving family :-)
Mark your calendars! 2012 Walk 9am at Liberty Station! Help us raise awareness!
Getting ready for American Whiskey tasting: showing Hirsch, St. George Breaking & Entering, WhistlePig!
Glad we can entertain... All part of Darwinism in action!
“: I'm listening to the wacky sounds of - where the Beatles meet the Addams family... and I'm Wednesday” Thx!
so Joey did you know who really "won" #SweetHomeAlabama or were you in the dark like the rest of us? Are you surprised?
A fool takes no pleasure in understanding, but only in expressing his opinion. Proverbs 18:2
Back home in Seattle. It is raining, although I think it is quite a perfect way to end my stay in the couve.
Last menu I did had abt 12 diff preps for oysters - who knew they could be roasted... and served on toast.
Jovial, enjoys a good conversation, always has free time. Rating: 0/10
oh don't worry me and zoey ate the whole thing!
you're all the way in Scottsdale?!
always academic contexts!
did you go to BLS?
Friends versus associates. A critical distinction that any adult must make. Just reminded of this..
my friend call my mom fat i said your mom so stuip she got lock in a matress stor and slep on the floor lol
Congrats on adding Delgado to the #Noles family ... huge get for the next two years! Keep it up!
Really dont understand what the fuck I did to you 2 to make you completely disown me as a friend?
- Thanks for the follow! Hope to see members of your next mission to Israel on an unforgettable Kol HaOt pgm in Jerusalem!
Now a song about heroin addiction. 'What have I become? ... My empire of dust.'
yes we must stake a claim.
“: Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.” sad news
Thanks so much for the #ff Hope you have a fabulous weekend in front of you. Let's hope $hitty slip up
I will add gas. Thanks homie
go Blue #masterchefau ... would not be any of you for all the money in the world! Well done everyone
and what did tim say.. what you talked time about me.. :c i fucking hate him.
Drupalcon keynote begins!
"Work hard in silence and let your success make all the noise." :)
I'll try to have a good Monday if you'll Try to Tyler... 
25 cases? ha... I'll talk to Joe tomorrow about it.
A member of a full service national Litigation, Construction and Real Estate practice group.
The Bucks opening night loss to the Bobcats looks worse by the day.
can you help us 2? Thanks
brilliant, profound and hauntingly beautiful-A Monster Calls. My soul has been touched. Thank you, Patrick & the late Siobhan.
Thanks! You too!
I swear facebook “likes” are a popularity contest, wonder if I can buy some
thanks! So glad you like it :)
Picture upload failed
Why are people so slow?
I don't intend that in a mean-spirited way. Baseball just seems to attract a certain kind of flakiness.
Almost done with my classes..which means, YAY! Back to my reviews and back to my writing.
show off!
"Man, I'm single as fuck."
Thumbs f'd up
Apple demos iBooks2 with a biology textbook and lot of interactive features at the Education announcement.
Listening to "taking care of business" with and Yay
clubbing, cigarettes and lottery scratchers. xD
Gorgeous! Love the vibrant purple. Enjoy your trip!
RT : Truth! "When you love what you do, work becomes a #HappyPlace!" Such big smiles :)...
LOVE the people in my life who are so good, kind & make such a difference! They make my heart swell & simply....take my breath away!
I need a vacation so I can get caught up on all of my house work.
Jamaican jerk chicken is on; ride on over and get some!
But the thing is, I could have told you that Ikeda's is the best restaurant between here and Tahoe, knowing NOTHING about you.
They say "Hell hath no fury like a scorned woman" and that's true, but have you ever met a pissed-off Aussie - hell hath no fury - period.
ha ha no and no yes same in every language
With so many "to do's" this #holiday season, how do you stay #motivated to #write ?
Morning... Make it a good one.
Cole Haan Official Site - Shoes Handbags amp Accessories- cole haan nike air
Oh my gosh, like, totally!!!!
The Harder you work during peace the less you bleed in war -Brandon Jennings
Congrats to Drew Brees! One of the most earning and great people in the NFL!
oh halo.
A nine year old just told me he was a tiny little cougar
I did. xD
Painted by bathroom today. Its nice and moody...just like me :')
Go follow
Challenge accepted
she dead weak at dancing on poles lol “: Ion she was driving a charger.... it had to be like a 2010 or sumn”
Already knew Serratore was a college player, but Kyle VanWettering is as well. Kid can definitely play at the next level.
Follow the LJ/SLJ Virtual Summit EBOOKS: THE NEW NORMAL on #ebksmt, and keep up with specific library tracks on #acad, #pub and
Getting excited about the premiere of 100N's pilot episode: "Friday's Cruel Lottery" at investors luncheon this Thursday.
Far Away - Tyga is my jam <3
Of Monsters and Men's new album is quite enjoyable and cheap. I suggest you pick it up.
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives Bath & Body uses a...
Yup, we're just off the 5 and on Katella. Thanks for checking us out, we'll be sure not to disappoint.
yeah!! But it's more like any guy, period. Hah
American Eagle is selling film fisheye lens for half off. NOT HAVING MONEY
Loves being busy.
Happy Leap Year Day. To those born on February 29th, Happy Birthday.
The Throwback tonight @ w/ and NO COVER $2 16oz Yings and $3 bombs. Come check out our brand new dance floor!!!
Blokus is also a favorite of and me.
OK:D
Now I Aint Either. Thats not a Probkem I take my Show On the Road Ha U KIDDIN ME?
Lets Go Bears!!!
Ah, well you will be able to pick out her arm then.
I think for my last song I'm mashing Adele with Taylor Swift...
Making up fake rules when there is a substitute teacher.
When interviewed and the host makes a great point or asks great question, say so. The audience will appreciate your generosity.
WTF? I did NOT see that coming! Can't believe Donald fired !!! Should've been Arsenio!
CRAWL to the MALL and BUY MORE SHIT PLEASE....U deserve what U get....NO...online order it!!!!!
Just a reminder Art Litho will be closed on Monday, Sept. 5th. Happy Labor Day Weekend!
I don't no what's better, the two minute commute or Air Force Ones.
This pain:/
you got people thats surround you they gone try they best to down you!!
M Pauly D
words can't describe how much i love thai food.
RT One of the only requirements for greatness is being willing to face the unknown with an AVID faith in yourself.
I was gonna do that !
If you're in DC at CGI U this weekend look for Julia Durham!!! :)
Great time Sunday presenting on grassroots organizing to the National Breast Cancer Coalition
no animals were hurt during that night
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!!!!!! :)
LOL! My challenge was the page numbers
curious as to why you think that... any feedback is appreciated. Thanks!
Still not sure why they took so long. Site looks like they did it b/c they were pressured to, not b/c they wanted to.
happy to help. Cool picture!
#TurnToYou Is An Amazing Song❤c': I Know Pattie's So Proud Of You❤(': I Know I Am❤
“: Thanks for following God. God bless you today and everyday!” Thank you, God bless you each &Every day also.
US economy declined by 20% in first quarter 2012 compared to 2011. Good job Mr. President!
Unconference action plans in the works
Absolutely awesome! Kudos 2 your daughter and U!
Let's not wake up unmotivated, let's be grateful that we got to see another day while others didn't get that opportunity!
awesome Night at Three!!! Below!! Shout out to Krystel, Betnadette and the Air Force for coming out!!!!
I was just called a backseat reader. Damn right! Do the sounds!
Do you have the power to close other offices? Im there....
Can't believe such a young soul has left us. 43 year old Junior Seau RIP.
It is so much better to be moving forward with a plan, than just getting by with no idea of what you're doing .
Icons in the Making Kisses!
your welcome!!:)
playing on ...low key saturday night
The inter generational transmission of poverty has never been greater than now. Helping folks get certifications degrees can help
Babylon Football Cafe 3501 S. Jefferson St. Falls Church, VA 22041, stop in have a beer with us!!! go United!!
Looking into the awesomeness that is Haskell.
hoping to dare
Time change, no. The Day Job, YES. ;)
Op. Ha I'm hip to that.
Do you need some resin for your auto glass repairs? Get your order in now so we can ship it to you before the New Year begins!...
Sweet. How to do exactly that is part of a tutorial I am just finishing up for diythemes.com. Will submit it soon.
Swapped out a 20 yard dumpster in The Heights this morning and bid a pallet trash haul in Brittmore Industrial Park this afternoon!
Earrings🎀 Someday by JB💟 Hunger Games!
“: Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? –Aladdin”
ballin' HAM on this
I miss you too:( 2 months* So how's your summer?:)
OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Don't miss the country lips here tonight, always a knee slappin good time
thanks for tuning in- we should have you on the show sometime!
oh em gee! Really?!
We may not always be joyful, but we should always be thankful!
Morning world
Your check'n out the deep cuts. Will have to give it a look.
That soreness and pain you feel after a good workout at the gym>>>>>>>>>>>
So I guess all the 8th graders are getting their acceptance letters to magnet schools...sad to see my 2016 babies growing up:(
did you shop or find that image?
when are we doing a #blaufränkisch #winechat ? :-)
Douglas Eyman would be a good person for #thatcamp #pub -ers to talk about new forms of peer review / crowd sourcing
If you say you're more excited to see the #Padres play this series, instead of the #Nationals... you have a relative on the Pads.
my dick is on your Picture right now....
Yea I get real emotional over things lol
Got kicked out of Mr Wilson's class -.-
Buying a bar so we can buy everyone a round on the cheap. This will happen, godspeed to us on that.
Dumb... foolish...counterproductive -- all good adjectives to apply to some in Congress pushing to slash Pell grants.
We can jump start your business with fresh leads.
Having church in my car!!
Thanks for the #RT #Mentions and other things that you do. We have a message and we are getting throught TY
Isn't that sponsored by some business group, that didn't release the data just conclusions?
Having a hard time watching #RHOBH this season!
Music is the one thing that gets me in that zone def
The harder the fight, the more glorious the win.
Anyone have any ideas on what should I do tonight?
Ciao bella!
A4: Sad part...ATS is like a box of chocolates...you never know what you're gonna get!
He not bout that!!! TMT ALL DAY!!! RT : How much you got on that?
Beat My Lil Bro In 2K12 I was Goin In on His Ass. #TheGameplayshouldbemorerealistic I Swear that Lebron Be Jumpin over everybody on da game
Realizing that everything you tweet about is 100% true
Tell me how we supposed to stay friends when you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show.
One time I called a suicide hotline and they asked me if I could call back a little later due to high call volume... No joke
Thanks for coming out tonight! Next show Sept 26th Middle East Up. Details soon.
I Believe I Can Fly!!!!!!
#2BYGD Chapter 4 'Friend Me' : Online networks are meaningless w/o real world follow up.
something about "multi-touch" sounds a little dirty, In a good way, though.
Glad we could help! What did you have?
They have square watermelons in Japan
It’s called The Planet of the Suffering Fools.
Holiday Special at www.blpdx.com and check out our sweet Gift Card Holiday Special~ Be sure to come by 1713 NE 15th for your Holiday Cheer
good morning to u too
wow I have 523 FOLLOWERS, just as many as FOREST GUMP had, when he kept RUNNING AND RUNNING AND RUNNING AND RUNNING!!!..... lol
Cant wait for the NBA #Playoffs .
crazy! RT : Bodemaster set the five fastest fractional splits in #KyDerby history
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
not only that, what happened to the DJ in rap groups? Where's the scratching & mixing? There's no creativity anymore.
Tonight Back by Popular Demand: Party Band Twang Dragons and Chef Gregs Famous Fried Catfish! Let's get it started! JC
Droop also easier to spell. Lol.
Interesting new Twitter look. Things change pretty fast when you don't logon for 2 days.
The white girls in here talmbout they Ridin Round & They Gettin It!! Lol
this for all these nigga out here if you discriminate ..... then you masterbate kmsl!!
nothing. Lol u?
Me too 😥. Grr. I want to go there so bad. At Canterbury were already starting to figure out where we wanna go to college:/
happy birthday! We met at Ace hotel poshparty:-)
Lets GO KNICKS the Refs need to call some FOULS!
Individualism is one of tolerance's best friends.
675456: You're super pretty! And you seem nice(: Tweet me sometime!
St. Paul-Johnson 94 - Durango 75. Scrappy game. We play tomorrow @ 4pm
