So close to 300 thanks #TeamShady :)
really bitch. because i wont be there. get your shit straight.
Thanks. You too.
STEVE STEVE STEVE STEVE they're here
We're half way through our #TwitterParty with Keep your questions coming!
finishing up proposal for #ASCD13 today!
You mean she's being a political opportunist and only serving her agenda? Sounds very... typical. ;)
Good article on Kerbisher, I love that place.
: I just discovered your blog and will look forward to future installments. Keep up the important work!
The sad thing is I won't even be missed when I'm gone.
Perrish Cox in courtroom now. With attorney Harvey Steinberg. A lot at stake here.
SKIPPED SILENT WHEN WE SPEAK BECAUSE IT'S DEPRESSING.
RT : Walker spokesman: We are confident the state will prevail in its plan to implement [voter] photo ID.
Also, TT, #gimmeshelter is the best Stones' song, IMHO :)
If we r not in digital humanities Humanities we don't know how to move beyond 20 min paper. Need help.
i repaired my 'broken' car heater. and all i had to do was open my air vents. whodathunkit?
Time for coffee #2, #1 did nothing for me as usual.....
Enjoying every minute, yet sad it will soon end. Will likely be back in July/Aug as well. :-)
S/O Itz Alleyway TO Broadway...
If you want to listen to "Many Waters/Many Floods" for the FREE! You can. Its now on Spotify! Share it with yo friendz
I am am still really enjoying "The 4-hour workweek" book though & will have it done soon & doing as much as I can. Then re-reading
Love is... Staying up all night making a list of karaoke duets to sing together. And giggling at the really cheesy ones.
Thank you
cam on
ima hit ya email cheack it when u get a chance
The show was #Amazing! :D I now know why everyone has been crazy about it.
do u hate me
Bought a new shirt today at #dressbarn, very happy to see it was made in the USA.
always drama on the one- I think of it as theatre in the round.
we've already beaten OKC twice, LA, and other playoff contender teams this season and with D-Rose out there's still a chance
so awesome.
Finally gonna see W.E. Better late than never.
My mom and I were just discussing how stupid furry boots look with shorts. Translation: don't ever do this.
History proves classicists can design great modernist buildings, but beware of asking a modernist to design something classical!
I need a volunteer to work the door and check ID's at Saturday's show.
Hey, I'm with you and Mr. Jakes--I could use a sprinkle my way for it's all about the blood of Jesus.
The #mswalk2012 was a success!
ahh, fair enough!! well, Belle is my fave disney princess!!
Thank you, yes, It was quiet wonderful.
I meant to say "I'd appreciate a Google + invitation" if you have any left.
Hey, thanks Elis! You too, buddy. Every day. RT : Thanks for the RT! Since High School you continue to Bless others!
Watching a movie in our bus :) We play TONIGHT at Middleton High School homecoming! Doors open at 7:30!
2012: The Year Of The Lane Violation
I need , Not having the BEST day right now :'(
got our yearbook today. ❤
hey hey (:
mine is killing me. Where you moving?
yes! Lol you first!
Hey, what's up?
I'm twitter jail
I might just do that :)
Quincy Acy is 4 for 6 from the field. The rest of Baylor's roster is 4 for 20.
yeah I've made that same point repeatedly over the yrs. The rate at which they've increased prices is ridiculous
and one day,I will get followed by because I will never give up on something I love<3
With my favorite girls at :)
and starting a new play. So very happy with the current situation
thanks for the follow.....
Congrats Bitz for being the 100th 'like' and winning a shirt of your choice :)
theres a 1 in 21 million chance that you will notice me and follow me, but i love you so much <3
Thank you so much for your help. Will let you know how it goes!
don't think I can wait another 3 hours!!!! I'm so excited:-) #boyfriend <3
Lakers vs. Thunder. I'm going with Okc
First "its" at work...now "its" cats in the alley. I just can't get away from "it".
Starting with #IronMan, then. If nothing else, I do enjoy it's intro: howling desert silence suddenly filled by "Back in Black."
seriously?? That sucks:/
yeah. Trying to get out as much as I can before friends start going away...
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship. -
That sticky-icky purple stuff! #RigRigRig RT : These Refs On That BS Tonight!
Summer tease...it's already glorious out and starting today, we've got your Sunday hangover covered. Open 12pm-4pm!
#legalmarketing Do you want to have your own practice? You must start with the mindset to be Alpha male/female and cultivate these traits
u dont have to try all i need is to be with u(: then im set for life(:
come get a Hangover Destroyer tomorrow if needed :))) or an Invincibility to get ya through the cold weekend!
Blazer fans...sport tweets...what do you think of Gerald Wallace trade?
Glad to know the true you
"Fried Neckbone and Some Home Fries". Hot tune. Thank you KJAZZ for playing this track. A perfect way to end a work day.
good luck in the Jungle!
wow thanks
in that part of town, the over under on kids is 4 lol
Did you do the AE 2 for $200 sale?
Let's get fucked up and die.
Nothing like a warm bowl of cream of wheat on a cold snowy morning to make you feel all warm inside!!
thank you :)
Thank you, Rob! :O)
World champ dies at US swim camp
February 21st (Day 21) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
and he wants a school that "isn't too big". OSU and Michigan are great choices!
Today was a very light day. Wish you were there, I got new and intense workouts. Ready to get you back ready!
Matt Levy thanks for visiting our Museum today with your bike team enthusiasts :)
I've decided that I want to be a banjo tech
oh my goodness middle school drama club was litterly the best thing ever :P
Why the hell do I not have Back to the Future on DVD?
Hello new followers!
“: definitely saw a man masturbating in the window across from me tonight.” & I def was on the phone w/u when that happened
My tree ring moment at #UClead was learning to choose my own adventure!
it's paper from 53 studios
Now let me hear that bass. WHHAAAAA
Games shouldn't be decided by refs calls. They should be decided by teams getting an unfair advantage because refs aren't making calls.
Not a fun feeling but keep your head up & keep smiling! Everything will get better
Thank you for the RT and mention. Much appreciated.
But not THE DARK CRYSTAL? RT : Starts Friday at Sundance: DARK SHADOWS & IN DARKNESS.
"If we have no PEACE, it is because we have forgotten that WE BELONG TO EACH OTHER." MOTHER TERESA Just practiced on rush hour subway crowd.
And if u should find yrself awake during the wee hours Friday nite/Saturday am, tune into 91.7 WMSE in Milwaukee from 3-6am to hear my mix!!
“: I hate Mondays...mainly because they exist.”
honestly just when him and Ben perform together at the church, it was so genuine and a beautiful moment! Love the
RT Feeling gross without my regular cross fit exercise hours.
My iPhone corrects shosty to Shostakovich
Thank you for following us. We have developed a computerless, digital textbook and wonder if we should collaborate.
Time for some retail therapy.
": True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence." Ya hear that
that's the most productive thing u said on here today. Thank u LOL
Friday night: I'm in my pj's eating Cheerios watching the movie Bridesmaids. Either the best night ever or the most pathetic, not sure which
Sometimes, what I want; I don't get. What I expect; never happens. And what I hate; keeps repeating.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Rock & Rita's to see us rock out with 13Years. A good time was had by all, we hope.
Thank you for following us! Watch for specials (like the 50% off deal we tweeted earlier today) to save big on dental care!
We're jumping aboard the crazy train that is injecting unintential humor into the work day one tweet at a time.
Hi, thanks for reaching out!
Oh, yeah -- I'd definitely check it out. Also see THE BACK OF THE NAPKIN by Dan Roam on visual communication.
Aww, very cute. 2 year olds are way fun! Good luck to him :D
I'm hoping for a high scoring game on the Pens end since it's Nashville. Have fun! Where are you sitting?
Happy Birthday, Despite what says, eat tons of pie today!
follow me follow me follow me please <3
Freedom Makes You Beautiful. I am dying. omfg
I'm cooln just got off wrk wer u from
I HATE THAT. Console yourself with a moment of respite by the waterfall. So calming...
haha we'll be all like "OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO CANADA AH HOLD ON LET ME GET SOME TISSUE BOXES" haha (;
Join us at our Charleston location this Saturday for "Support Your Local' Saturday" - Featuring beers from the Bridge Brew Works!
boys are dumb.
I have to copy that, after I had some Margarita Mint Juleps...
BAHA when I found it j was like.... Of course...
Then tomorrow its 's Grand Opening of her New Boutique!! Chicago Fashion is #Winning right now!!
I don't knoiw why but whenever I get a 17 magazilike reading those traumas lpl
Dr. Dre is a genius for that idea!
Happy Birthday!  I just called your cell... probably still sleeping..talk to ya later!
Closer to my DREAMS.....God is good.
Checking out Team Interactive's event tonight to benefit NYC youths.
but where are the potatoes from?!?!?!
beautiful out.
can't believe my baby girl is 13 today. she is truly a miracle; born at 26 weeks. she gave a new meaning to early #christmas present
And so the pay offs begin ...
#amazingwomen Laysha Ward -president of Community Relations for Inspiring at #aam2012 keynote event
ok #sourcecon attendees. My flight was cancelled and will no be there. I will be GLUED to the live stream & tweets!!
"O Lord Jesus"Rom. 10:9; 12b-13"&rich to all who call upon Him;For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
Sanchez and the 16th will really get you the 4th.
#mansitchoazzdown RT : y'all may not know but and are two upstanding members of our community!
I just finished a 10.0 mi run with a pace of 8'29"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Every minute we procrastinate is a dollar gone...
happy birthday!!! :D
How can my fellow NM condone policies that are designed not to protect us but rather pit us against one another. Time for a real dialogue.
love you to :)
people smell
The awkward moment when you thought battle of the bands was live karaoke
Google + is really taking off... I just commented on a post that was made July 5.
Oh. So you were just teasing *us*. :D
Great game tonight! Excited to see the team go out and play so well!
Last day in #WestTexas. Woke up and saw that the irrigation canals are flooded from San Solomon Springs. Water in the desert is beautiful.
hehehe! you're welcome! hehehe! lets have another day like this again. ;)
Craving a diesel bad. Gonna get one. Go Pack
already listens two times dld from iTunes Tuesday kid
poor tortured early 80s gays.
In less than 4 hours, registration has exceeded its Day 1 registration total from last year. Make sure to secure your spot now!
word cloud idea is AWESOME, hadn't thought of that for some reason. Will def use as a starting point at least.
Working late but happy!
Going to see #TheAvengers this weekend!
Working on interview guide to submit with IRB proposal.
Niall's mom, , just RTed me. Holly coww. I'm dead. <3
Shout Out To My New Follwers Appreciate The Follow!! :D
Thanks for the RT!
knee felt a little better today during legs & back; have to see how it responds to twisting tomorrow during kenpo
thank u very much<3<3
This game sucks
fill us in on journal articles that caught your interest, tweet from conferences, help us improve r signal/noise ratio.
Work. Classes. Workout. Sleep. REPEAT...
To all my followers help me out... trying to get 25 more followers by midnight...
"Big Nigga" is back and I can't focus.
Don't you want to be someone someday? /cc
Strawberry waffles this morning :) I love.
maybe another john mayer cover awaits us :)?
My moms being really greedy with her new IPad -.-
so I guess that leaves me 'Smokin Weeden'.
Vin these chicks here in Detroit say they DTF all day bro!
Oh no...please just be a bruise Gamel.
Yeah, great point. That's my feeling too. Better that than nothing.
Nice come back to sweep the Giants :)
thank you for staying in Indy to perform at the Memorial Ceremony . Shows the type of person you are. Thank u!
Lunch with
I can't wait to be back in Columbus for the summer
voted in elections! excited to vote for :)
How bad is it to quit a job without giving two weeks notice?
We will be at Carowinds Amusement Park for the opening of Windseeker today. Stay tuned to our Facebook page for the latest updates!
Reluctant to join Twitter but here I am :/
Yep, they're next. Thought I'd ask Twitter and Facebook contacts first.
A little heartbroken right now. How am I supposed to do this? My poor baby is gonna be so sad. I need money bad!
Life is good
1 thing tht didn't change bout me tho is tht ima pull mii grades up as much as I can!
With googling what circumcised means LMFAO
L2 for my girl 's bday party, a yacht party in October in the rain...the night is a blank canvas and I'm breaking out the paint.
but waste 5 bars wit non sense sounds wwaaakkkkkiiiiii
Customer reviews will rule the Internet very soon. Searching for an out-of-town florist and eliminating any with negative reviews
10 cents times you age off any invoice today, what a deal! call me and I'll be right over
You're welcome!
have you ever mad cheese yourself?
I love love love love love austin i justin <3
Looking forward to rehearsal. I've got new songs I'm adding to the set list!! :-)
By the end of the War of 1812, there were 500 registered American privateers.
Thanks for the follow, Sarah. Look forward to your tweets.
wished you could have celebrated turkey day with us too!
ive been saying it. a dark horse will come in and grab him. (ex. #Packers getting Reggie White) i still think Texans best bet
Fuck u dude u can stay where u are but I'm gonna keep moving because u're just picking out the negative in what I say not the positive
Checkout Our Music video On youtube!! supra-My dreams Are Our dreams! We're Twin Rappers..Make sure to check it out...thanx!!
I am hearing NYG LB's are banged up...down to their 4th/5th stringers. Who's starting at LB week 13?
Just heard my name mentioned on #KUT. They called me an "author." Makes me feel like I need a smoking jacket & pipe.
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com come visit us.
(Side Tweet: First time back on actual Twitter site for a long time. Separate interactions and mentions? Yipes. Back to Tweetdeck! -CV)
My grandmother bought a freakishly gigantic jar of pickles. What in the world? Who does that?
Tomorrow is monday...no.
Endtroducing..... - DJ Shadow
Appliance Recycling Program Opens in West Penn Power Territory - Business Review India (press release)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>Uh, can't think of anything else right now. ...Be well.
with the late TD for the Broncos! Not close to over.
Hey Zombie Crawlers! Remember to bring non-perishable food items on saturday for Food Bank of the Rockies
#SmartRegulations to prevent FinancialFraud help us ALL.
"Children aren't the Church of tomorrow....they're the Church of today!" Pastor John Hatcher
Time to be proactive and productive again. Rats.
Yez...We'll be there! You?
: There is no REAL salsa night in that area! They all advertise salsa but give you a lot of cumbia and other stuff.
The worst--signal is bad inside for ATT RT In a tech workshop and phone keeps losing service. Boo.
Your teacher wasn't qualified then! ha,
Make fun of fat people. Are you fucking kidding me? Let people live their own lives!
thanks so much!!!!!
Nice save. Lmao. Thanks. :)
Okay. Thanks for letting me know. I haven't made the switch yet...I probably should...
cold plasma body has tighten midsection skin, smooth pregnancy scars. face cold plasma has made my skin flow, clear, even toned
i inboxed you on fb, jalen told me to tell u something.
this nat gerographic documentary is great tonight
. Why is focus on time to degree misguided?
RT : Solid weekend with and Thankful for their ministry to the Church.
In the midst of doing network wiring for the first time since the late 90s. All I gotta say is: crimpin’ ain’t easy.
I guess the one against the Mets didn't count RT : The New York Yankees franchise have won a total of 26 World Series titles.
We miss you!
Just want to sleep
agree with u on that!!
Playin with my new android pad. Soo sick!
If I walked through your door, where would I be?
I am always lost: no 1 tells me anything ;-(
when u coming to Cali
watching the packer game with the fam. recovering from my food coma.
each ticket is 60 dollars.. I wish you could go!
I need a temporary home for a stray dog I found tonight! I'm plastering WeHo with signs tomorrow, but my dogs are going crazy! Please HELP
Today's the last day for Early-Bird pricing. Discount code HATCHMARK. Get 'em while they're cheap!
Are you in Arizona still. Just wondering?
I agree 100% with that statement.
These shorts don't have any pockets so I have to carry my phone around like a girl :/
YESSIR! Equality Rules when the Nine is missing..if 6 was 9...Peace!
I hope so!! You can prob watch it on YouTube
what the hell, Nuggets?
Today is Watermelon Mt. Ranch party & Mutt Strutt 10-3! No-kill shelter near new Cleveland High in Rio Rancho.
Poor girl can't hang with the big dogs. lol She's cute. I want cookies.
baby girl, those are some sweet words! you and your sister are nothing short of God's demonstrative grace to daddy and I. xxxooo
I basically stayed up all night watching videos and also videos from ABDC.
ain't you from Chicago too?
I think Lackey's better than Lester right now...but I can't really see him sustaining it...he's perennially inconsistent.
Haha, it is. I guess he figured that enough Jews had already written Christmas songs.
hope you are feeling better
Guys, if you can't treat her right, don't be surprised when someone else does. *True*
Let's please keep Romney from becoming president
Easy chicken salad: 2 cooked chk breasts, shredded; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 2 TB mustard, S&P, halved grapes, chopped celery
Where will you be on SATURDAY, MAY 14, 2011? PEACE DAY 2011 Everything is FREE! EVERYTHING! Food! Gifts! Entertainment! Games! FUN!!!
Happy Mother's Day beautiful!! Looking foward to the new show,mad love always!!
Thank so much to Shawndell Marks, Sexy Ester and the Pretty Mama Sisters, Matrioska and Madtown Dynamite!!!! You all rocked the house!
In god I put my trust and faith :). Good morning....
#Deputy Secretary of State #Dr. #Williams Burns addresses the invited guest on this historic and memorable day.
“: Fix the mics.” Oh, good. I thought that was coming from my speakers.
That's great news! Glad we could be there for you daughter's care.
I told em I made at turn to fast
there is a substitute I an sure
how did smith do at the golden gloves tourney?
no, someone hacked our account. Changed password. You might want to look over your account as well.
Cheesecake making session is on your, calendar! MUAH.
Does anyone know the hashtag for the American Association of School Librarians (AASL) National conference in Minneapolis, in October?
Well this rice pudding taste like a huge piece of shit. You can have it.
I am looking forward to my brothers babyshower this weekend. :) planned by yours truly ...haha.
I'm never on twitter anymore :(
Nosey people always catch an attitude when other people are "in their business"!! Karma is amazing to watch :)
everytime im on you take a nap! :P
RT : Occupy protesters on move. Now reported at 16th and Market.
Know when you're laughing, but it's ~2 secs away from tears?? Haha, realize we're not performing rocket science but can't get a win today!
well it fits! She's pretty! She can sing! And she is hilarious!!!
well what??
I think they close at 9. We have plenty of time.
no to what? lol
I got something u need u to do for me!
Thanks so much! Very much enjoyed meeting with
thanks for the tip on tune in radio! this includes 92.3 and WKNR. all in one app!
Orange is so retarded.... Snows no delay or anything... Smh -_-
All activites/workshops 's Pasifika Living Arts Showcase are #FREE!
all I meant was 'when it aired' not live
How did it go?? RT My cousin is having his big meeting with bp today regarding the boats. Keep your fingers crossed
Thanks for all the RT love, Richard.
Dj shadow and this Wednesday in #NYC. I'm a drive myself nuts working these shows
If you don't give that then idk what you're doing with your life lol.
Os baby, tough loss for caps, now Lakers nuggets game 7...
Good point. Funny: I have much weaker inhibitions about declaring a new utility class than I have about stray C functions.
We try to share the DEV love in as many states as possible. #Slowandsteady then
don't hesitate. it really is amazing.
Don’t forget we’re giving away a new 16gb iPad tomorrow during the NCAA Championship Game. Stop in to win!
shut up.
well hope you dont forget about me eventhough you dont kno me lol, naw but focus on you and your future, pretty lady!!
Mystery. Solved. RT They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse. THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
what happen with Madison.??? #Confuse :/
I want to see that Duncan pass again, even though Leonard fucked up the finish
#imagine austin standing outside your house screaming im in love with *yourname* -anna
Jammin some Katy Perry feeling like a g right now
Do you have opportunities for artists? E-mail them to for our online opp listing!
Nothing much!! Was up with u??
Night night
I swear I'm walking with god, but the devil keep following.
Check out photographer Bobby Neel Adams' "photo-surgery" technique, piecing together fragments of couples, aging and family. (1/2)
have fun. they call to us too.
I don't use, but you can sync you iPad to it I think..
Chick-Fil-A is the GOAT fast food!
Ok, but it might work out because I'm having to review and edit a bunch of new R&B material.
TAKE ME WITH YOU!!!! -Janan
Sure! Let us know how we can help.
Can anyone suggest a good task list app for iPhone? The reminders list is a sucker mc.
thanks & thanks for coming! Yeah was pretty god ! Suffering now though ha mid week gigs are sumin else ! X
I have that picture. But need to put it to group vote.
thanks for the follow! the book looks powerful... will have to add it to our library!
Yes, unfortunately 10.6+ only at this point. Nice to meet you.
Mega Million - $640,000,000. My odds are one in 176 million. I THINK I WILL TAKE THOSE ODDS!
We want to come out and see! Let us know when. We are jazzed!
It's Rubie Tuesday! ! Time for two piercings for the price of one!
- Albert Einstein
Talkin bout art with ... Accept it and you'll see that it's a masterpiece
RT : "I'm not in it to hang in tough and give a valiant effort, I play basketball to win." - Have to love his fire.
I will always love and support 110%<3 I have been here since May and will be here until the end!
Thank GOd !!!!!!! 7 weeks and i can get outta HAVILAND THANK U JESUS!!!
Muted reactions to French/Greek elections on Wall St. Key averages see modest losses. Dow DN 40 pts in first half-hr.
My TweetDeck columns are in desperate need of updating and organizing!
Fine also! Thanks and have a good weekend!
I Hate Being Ignored ;(
Got home & found pkg on porch but an expected one. Instead, 4 free books for me! Almost makes up for not having hot water until Mon.
Today's Q: Is it safe to let my kids stay in the pool all day if they put on a t-shirt after a couple hours and reapply sunscreen?
went to my first City Council meeting today!
yeah they wil
sincerely thanks you for your wonderful B-Day wishes!
Its Day1 of Chicago's Fashion week! Though condensed in2 a weekend this yr there is still a lot 2 buzz about www.chicagofashionresource.com
Good Morning to you all.
"Think big" - Skeeter
I don't know if I should be offended or not.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats natural stupidity - unknown hi-tech enthusiast.
they have that shit PATENTED.
I be on that krypt tonight
come up one game I've got 2 season tix I'll let u use one
I only forgive once, so be a good boyfriend <3
Anne Hathaway sports a British accent in One Day, also opening this weekend... interesting for sure. Isn't it based on a book or something?
What's the best way to deal with a government budget deficit? (Funding cuts, new taxes, elimination of tax cuts, etc)
Hiya new #VINTAGE luvbugs
#NP Dirty Little Secrete ❤ this song never gets old!!
Waiting to start work, slept good today. Guess it was a hot one, well later.
KU for the win! #SDSU redemption.
Al Kersha~ No matter what you believe it doesnt change the facts.
15 minutes into the workday and my boss has made multiple asshole comments about our work ethic. well shit, back to the grind...
cabaret was amazing!! Can't wait to see A Christmas Carol!
an example would be like the vintage album on your flickr.
Never seen so many horse crossing signs in my life..lol! Love Tarpon Springs.
ok now says #redskins got Pierre Garcon....this past hour has been absolutely crazy with #nba trades and #nfl signings
RT : Crews from Santa Rosa area & NMSF responding to a large grass fire south of Blue Hole. Est. 40 acres.
between legs !
Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it.
hahaha you would pick up on that! Oh ally...
The Woman In Black #ScariestMovieEVER!!!
Thanks for the check in! How was everything?
'The Repair', 'Chord', 'Terms of Employment' and 'Face-to-Face' will be showing at 7PM at #OldeTownStadium too!
Come see Inherit The Wind tonight at 7:00! Only 5 bucks! Aw yeaaaahh!
For us it's worth it. But ur right MT : Its a tough decision for business, Chicago is expensive but has more resources.
Just ordered my customized laptop, now I'm officially broke for a while !
#Yougetpointsif you actually acknowledge that im a GIRL
's Sr. Director says it's not trade OR aid. They go hand in hand.
Alright!!!!!!! Where them casting calls at?! Don't no one got money to keep having to sign up to memberships. To piss me off and shit.
Having more trouble tweeting than I did last year but glad to see others having more success
There is a mosquito (s) in my room and I am about to start screaming
I've been to Target, Walmart, FYE, and Best Buy and still can't find #SecretsDontMakeFriends it better be in Hot Topic!
that wld explain why I've not seen them! Perhaps commoners wld have them in parks or at gated entrance to cities?
They NEED to resign Schaub soon, so they have more leverage.
lmao are ur plates good now
Ha! How do you think of these things!
You are a cinema, I could watch you forever.
Trying everyday they tweet! (:
Dis One Finger I Could Make You get Off The Chain Get To Lickin And My Hands They Get They Own Brain
“: Gluttony is a sin. I know ya ass been to Golden Corral.” lmaooo!!
ima run right out and buy it a uterus! #stankface?
Got kicked out ha
Martha Wright "LOVE YOUR ENEMIES" N DOES THAT HURT U LET GOD DEAL WITH THEM AS LONG AS U HAVE PEACE IN UR HEART......
we watched a documentary in economics and meryl streep was in it. I had to hold myself back from screaming
okay , thanks you
man nigga that wasn't even clever lol I still got us in 7 man.
Done working for the night. Time for a movie then some video games.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
RT : Yup, you'll see me tonigh at #BASHH wearing this awesome shirt from , becoming FAMILIAR with people....
Isn't that just chocolate milk?
nothing lol talking to u on facebook and twitter and listening to Lighters lol
quicker service please!
I am so tired.
shit I'm about to do the nasty nasty
Wild, right? The real kicker is that he a strong producer...doing more business that his 47yo grandson!
Anyone use location-based "social networking" srvcs? BrightKite, Google Latitude, Foursquare, etc? Curious if there's critical mass yet.
Sometimes, I feel like there's just this great weight hanging over me. Hanging over all of us, really. Then I realize it's just Canada.
hey! awesome! shoot me an email at and I'll fill you in! thanks so much!
sent you four more records..Thanks for listen
Check out this man named Lindsey Williams. The plan for the dollar. By 2011 our dollar will hold no weight in the world. People that no ...
HOLY CRAP CONGRATS! we will have so many lunches, yes??
u notice everyone but me :'( I freaking love you
yes sir how about yourself?
Today is one of those happy dad days... both girlies are being GREAT!!! Polar opposite of yesterday's freak show. Phew!!
spidey-sense tells me a k baker blog post will be in the works for this (as if you don't have enough to do!)
thanks for the share Josh.
Ooh, they collected them? That's interesting!
oh,Alrightt. second?
Oh, how I wish that were me!
cleaning house and bangin' my music
I guess we live in the same boat then! Hahaha!!
yup sounds like zayn
“: wdup wit that collab???” lets do it man!! Picka time n place
haha, sarcasm is not much different. It's okay, I can work with you to solve this problem
I don't think I've shared this here on twitter, but I just bought my first home woohoo! So thankful and excited :D
And they're off.. the start of the 1/2 marathon at night in !
I know right. So would the look on the mother's face :)
a day off is needed right before a winning streak! Hit em hard tomorrow Stewie!! Go Rox!
Blow'n bubbles on the porch. For like an hour. Kid still spellbound.
Nice event Nelson #BodyandSoul.it's a must read!
Omaha it is.
Just updated ; Still sucks. , the HTML5 switch killed this once great platform.
We accept the challenge! This Monday!!
So excited for Ant and Frank and their new house! Can't wait to see Frankie pretty much every night for the next 6 weeks :)
just keeping my pimp hand strong
:( So sad. BreakingNews: #BeastieBoys rapper #MCA, $AdamYauch, has died at the age of 47 "It's time to get ill"
NPR Just...Rocks.
The Southern in #Charlottesville is proud to offer local beer selections from , , and Blue Mountain Brewery!
Too. Much. Mexican food. Ugh. But why is it so delicious?
excited to get reading again with my new nook tablet!!
hahaha! The Ter Bear. He was really something. So good talking with you! I love you! Im going to sleep so happy! Xoxo
It appears I'm going to be working directly above a Cosi. Perhaps I'll get an Arctic Mocha in your honor.
On this day in 1994 Hell froze over: the #Eagles reunited. Do you think that was a good thing?
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! How do you plan on celebrating? I'm looking forward to homemade tacos and margaritas.
Ruxbin = amazing beef and broccolini dish with miso last night. Also loved the grilled octopus. Had magical drinks at The Aviary afterwards.
Oh! Good idea! Somehow need to also convey "most interesting ppl" concept/ideas/knowledge as well. Thoughts?
I miss you soo much I'm freaking out over stupid things..
Got that empty feeling /: wahhhh wtf.
Isn't it only for Military families?
should follow me . (:
Also, that was officially my worst twitter response ever.
Ok. so, so some eat girl showed off her boobs at tbk for a burrito. Lol
it also stands for "Anne Frank" . I'm the only one that uses it that way tho
Bored > Go to Fridge > Open > Finds nothing to eat .... *Ten Minutes Later* Repeat.
should start a line of spices and dressings. It should be called "Oboyyy!"
It is, and you know it!
Underated #closer - Derrick Fisher
Cut or uncut?
Blezz Melano, Paul Wall, and E.v.a. Pro Records March 23rd Saint Andrews be there.....
Who set this up? RT : 9 42" screens to monitor #SuperBowl46 social media.. all controlled by an iPad!
Kinda bored. Anything fun? Let me know.
brett is a fucking douche bag
Thanks Christina! Will do my best to carry the torch passed on by the class of '12. Congrats!
The sun is warm
"hi, is Rick Astley there?"
five almost four gruesome days left!!!!!
Thankfully no one noticed *whew* :)
Helping the rents out and doin some yard work on this beautiful Sunday afternoon
I hate doing business with people. Everybody want to take advantage of you.
www.racenation.com, #training? #running? visit our site, great for running clubs, connect with other members and build your community
BRAVA, my friend!!!
Hanging out at the #ThirstyLion waiting for the fabulous
that's what that means
“: #Beautiful by and #BeatifulYou by make me feel beautiful when nothing else can. :')” ♥
. Love it! Be careful, #bookspinepoetry can be addictive :)
Oh joyous snowy morning, thank you for reminding me I live in Minnesota.
sweetdreams. Try not too think of me too much lol
thank you so much :D
eaten, and I have since finished my second box :)
loll austinn I amm! The one about how she wants to break up with her boyfriend but she can't? Haha(:
Oh, I'm feeling your heartbeat
80 degree weather? this calls for some homemade strawberry sorbet! "Paleo" of course!
My favorite items at CES today were a digital watch that is also a cell phone, mp3 player w/touch screen & an incredible f/b massage chair
I was the only 30+er @ 10 pm "Horrible Bosses" (funny) w/my boys. Reason? Time or content?
SURF: Pacific Beach Surf Report: 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high occ. 4 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
In WI, no such thing as too cheesy! RT Not to be cheesy, but we are the future.
At House, enjoying talk about digital engagement.
Oh. Another mooning.
The world of the Internet of things: real word objects and locations connected to the Internet.
OnlY YoU BabY *_*
Hope you are enjoying the book so far. I will definitely check out Divergent.
darryl strawberry. lunch.
"Man, gay guys are so creative "-my momma hahahah
Last one "he's an angry elf"
is recovering from an especially mean full moon. ouch. slept like a stampede of elephants last night.
So true! RT “: One of my favorite sounds is my sleeping child.”
There's a non sequitur: forget the products, pick up trash, compost, garden...RT Repurpose Launches New Products on Earth Day!
Turtle shell.
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol
Just finished competing in Come join us! Right by castaways. Top time in obstacle course so far. Yay!!!
I cetan go direct or any one to computer manufacturer and get computers less expencive than Best Buy & get free shipping
you got that !!'
I just started reading it too! I'm going to try to get through the series this summer.
(wink). But really. We've been using this program for the eight years I have been at the school. Nothing better in nearly 10 years?
Channel 4. I won't tell if you watch. LOL
That amazing moment when you realise its Monday which means YouNow' on!! <3
I will admit, I am definitely a morning person!
How many dream Hawaiian vacations have been ruined by this thunderstorm?
< have a meeting at 11:15, sorry to miss it.
Hurt my finger vacuuming (don't ask). Suppose it serves me right for putting off writing.
"A-Rod" is trending. That's a penis
It was beauts!
hahaha! I know! Don't kill me ;)
I've stopped worrying about taking "it" to the next level 'cause I need to get a grasp on this one.
are you at LAFOTB ?
call me if you want
WI weather, you promised me nicer weather and now you give me 35 degrees out. We're breaking up
As a lifelong resident of Milwaukee, thank you for saying what people like me believe: Downtown Milwaukee is embarrassing!
I LURVED them.
Wonder if DeLoss & Mack are making room in the trophy case for the #Heisman the Longhorn "D" won on Saturday in Waco?
Happy B day rosie 50 already im 59 when I turn 50 got a tat stay strong luv u no matter what u do luv to see u on broadway : ))
- Thanks for the RT! NY Actors - check out the Shakespeare Forum, home for actors, directors and lovers of Shakespeare.
follow back?(:
Texas is gonna miss you so much Please come back an visit! Austin please see this and RT #texasisgoingtomissaustin trend plz!
Happy Veterans Day!!
My phone and the wall are about to go out on a date.
yeah I have to stop at post office
Good morning everyone! Hope you all have a great start to the week!
Oh twitter how I love you
When is Dave's time slot now? 6-7 daily?
LOL - thanks for being a Trooper!
We need AR T-shirts.
does anyone remember our myspace password?
Too much shopping. Oops.
hmm, well I like those back massager things!
Me, my cousins&our friends have made it official that we r going on every single amusement park ride at Indiana Beach! so pumped!
literally just pissed myself laughing. Why.(x
are you going to get to go to BOTDF next Friday?
Amendment banning gay marriage, civil unions, and legal unions between adults passes in North Carolina #whyisourconventionthereagain?
Thanks so much! We appreciate the audience support.
Who is the GO TO guy for all things social media? He is
It's a fun show to be in the studio for! They make it easy to supply the laugh track. :)
Pathetic girls
. Schema can act as a codification of the heuristic process. An output that describes what you've discovered about data
text me.
(cont. to last tweet) 7.)The Summer Set 8.)Fall out boy 9.)simple plan 10.)Green Day
George Washington travels through cheering crowds in Baltimore on his way home, following his Presidency. March 12,1797.
Running through this setlist at work. Niggas prolly think I'm talking to myself
that's alright. Its just good to hear you can function like a normal person, much less an athlete!
Hello darling.
shut the fuck up ypi slut
I just saw Alice in Wonderland. If Alan Rickman can change into a butterfly, this country can certainly adapt to changes in Health care.
Yay! Glad you got our package & loved our tattoos. Shoot me an e-mail rachel (at) secondglass.com and I'll send you some tix!
Gave my "Everything Social Workers Should Know About the Criminal Justice System" talk to a social work class this AM. I <3
LMBO Yeah buddy! No brains aloud!
I'm going to go ahead and doubt the guy I saw wearing a Clippers shirt this morning was wearing it around this time last year.
Sorry, try 1-888 instead of 1-877. That should be the correct number.
Kushi oysters are the best thing I am eating these days, sheer perfection!
Follow back pleasee :)?
. Agree. Teaches you how to conference; doesn't do as much to get you out there/networking.
drinking leftover beer =)
FRIEND HIM!! Seriously! He needs more friends in his feed!
I think the BET seasons are only 13 episodes.
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Help us in the fight.
Lol why am I still awake
Nice! I've been enjoying the roses, but haven't launched into the reds yet.
That makes two of us.
Trish Jarvis Begs Home Depot To Let Her Pay For $2,500 Worth Of Appliances (VIDEO)
Check out our Christmas cards today. www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
... thanks for making me laugh... luv me some WTF also.... except for the therapy part
I love souja boy
All of a sudden everyone on my tl is becoming Siwonest! What is this!?
I don't mean to rub it in, but the #bobcats are so bad, I actually hope they win the #nba draft lottery, for their sake.
I think it's funny that your dumbass came to all these realizations now. It just goes to show how stupid and immature you were then. :D
is Doug gonna make an appearance in #thehangover2?
he better watch out tomorrow… this ain't pretty. He's not gonna hear the end of it. LOL
will believe the creation of jobs wen I C it ben lukin 4 a job 4 almost a year now
Listening to the Biebs. All I can think about is that one time that you were singing it.
Spa day in Williamsburg today -- I'm off to be pampered.
When I hear a song that fits my current life situation, I listen to it 24/7
ok :) I'll be waiting
Brrr.... it's a little cold this morning. Come on in for a hot cup of coffee and your favorite biscuit.
thanks for telling everyone about the hottest halloween party around. Salsa Scream is going to ROCK!
I don't know if I'm talented enough but dang I can't explain how I feel when I do this.
Well thank you.
I think I work tomorrow :(
Found an unopened beer in the snow on my walk to work today.
But if I know you, I know what you do You love me at once The way you did once upon a dream
What is your favorite "Stupid Game"?
510 Starter kits for under $35.00 & Ego Kits for under $55 ... Discover the Gen. X difference www.genxvapor.com
RISING STAR ALERT: Champ Rory Mcllroy sets records. Now, for a personal brand that connects him with his fans...
fell asleep on my computer at 2 am :/ only have one more page to do though but still a ton more to write for it to be borderline decent
Mrs. Potato Head
Happiness is cold pizza and raspberry/dark chocolate M&Ms.
Getting after it today. Trying to find the future of Mariette basketball.
you bring that back. I'm bringing back the 3-piece suit with matching hat. So wish men still wore vests and hats.
already follow both and :)
or I actually know the person. I am still waiting for you to stand a post, and do anything as courageous as he.
Just talked to a woman who left just before the storm hit...her home is standing. Her neighbor's houses are gone.
Some ppl say I be gettin more pussy then most I just laugh cuz I am so #SexuallyFrustrated right now so thats a lie lol
Excellent photographs! Did you snap these all during one visit? Very good eye to capture such brilliant shadows in Coe Hall
I'm going to be at the Indy Metro Footbal Coaches Clinic tonight. Anyone else?
R.I.P I worked for you for over a year and now I will help put you to bed. I am too sad for words.
Can we postpone Monday? Just for a day or so, not asking for much here.
its ok tweetiepie, have sumthing to ask u n a few
It has made me physically sick.
2012.....Time to make good choices....I know I am going to try. Live in Possibility!!!!!!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplyfi in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with :)
Chubb: Issues we face in digital learning are similar to issues we face in brick-and-mortar schools.
would live to see your website! Can you send a link?
" Bout to start boxin again "
It is definitely more. Some stats reclassify rape against men as "sexual assault" or "indecent assault".
hey rusher! can you follow for me? thanks...
We are booking shows for the fall! Dates to come later this week. We can't wait to see your beautiful faces!
Thanks, ! send your stuff to steph (at) mortartheatrecompany (dot) org. Pleased to digitally meet ya. :-)
I wouldn't put it past the Scandanavians, but not the French and English.
I Hate People!!
not a fan of cheetos? your crayon would say otherwise.
Follow my lil sis she #teamfollowback all day long
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: NOAH. She was sitting over there waving. I pretended like I aint even noah!
well its like madison he did basketball and dance but im glad i can go to sleep happy knowing hes getting better
Papa Johns in the oven : check. 3 blockbuster movies : check. Phone off : check. I'm about to get my "lazy and entertained" on.
You guys made us all proud!! Continued success this week in SF. One more win!! Super Bowl bound.
I need to put more swagger into my personality.. don't you think
good point, if we're all taken as users that changes frame of ref. but content "pro" users make vs. "consumers" is vastly different
Thanks to for being on the show tonight. Great player and an even better interview.
RIP, Clarence Clemons. You rocked (and rolled) our world!!!
points out that FRBR doesn't actually model inheritance, although people talk about it as if it did.
Everybody is telling me to be like that to be like this...what the hell?!?!...I'm tired of living I wish they know how hard to be me
The only thing standing between you and a more comfortable home is a little advice. You can do this. ://amzn.to/wemMno
Forgot how much I hate links.
Beyond #Hunger conference in Philadelphia May 2-4, 2012. 1st on in Philly. 100 attendees have direct experience in hunger &
Write down everything you're thinking so you get it all out and then close your eyes and dream of sweet things.
aspiring/testing tge waters. Would love a low payibg regular to give me a deadline! I work best under pressure. :)
By position of ally, do you mean the ally's role in movements, etc? Or something else/ more?
RT : The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night” ---Avg man of 20 maybe...
my friend doesn't talk to me any more.always invites my bestie instead of me.makes up shit that we will maybe hang out later. #overtheshit:/
Already choked up
If anybody is REALLY good at statistics and geo targeting market research please inbox me for more info.
this study <<<
What is significance of the failure by #Apple to disclose its installation of #Carrier #IQ on iDevices? The 10b-5 of IP?
GO RANGERS!!!!
Damn RT Zaboomafoo. ": An aneurysm. RT : ...What the HELL is a nicki minaj clothing line gonna look like?!"
7 more days until that #Gothamcity drops!!!
Being yourself is a successful rebellion.
I can't wait for this Heat game.
Take the meds when and how they tell U to. It really works, tho I was aslo learner on the subject. Feel Better!
Contemplating this idea of 'soul mates'. Hmm. Now. What's a 'soul' again?
OMG. I'm so happy right now. When I lived in AZ, was a twice-weekly lunch spot. Best everything ever!
Pittsford Hockey for Breast Cancer awareness and research Jan.22nd Pink in the Rink www.pittsfordhockey.org
Early for an interview. OH in the lobby: "So you got the ice *and* the tea going on? Little third floor / second floor synergy?"
Throwing a fertilizer at people so they can grow the fuck up.
Had to turn off Wolves match. Really embarrassing to watch!
Cannot wait to return home to my kitchen. It is hard to eat healthy while on the road.
Sign me up for that jersey!
Jus coughed up a lung walkin behind homeboy smokin #cigarettes smh damn
Someone says you mix up night and day, you can get new reality.
I loved Inside Out and Back Again as well. I'm a big fan of free verse and it is a perfect fit.
Kings and Chandeliers.
well always do what you think is best. make sure you're happy.
Good Morning, Make it a great day!
The 4 bus is killing me right now. Thank god I have the patience of a saint.
One six week class can change your professional career as an actor. Schedule an appt today....
jealous! I've been craving it for ages!
Campstaff throughout the world are changing lives right now. What are you doing?
I am following you!(:
thanks for the shout out!
I have a lot to learn at my job, but I'm so excited!
it's 8:46 pm... D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11.. WTF???? Dumbasses! Idiots!!! Every day the same thing! WHY???????
tomato basil bisque from #revsoup, take that sore throat!
RT Exiting with a song? atta girl
Join our email Newsletter by liking our facebook page and hit the JOIN MY LIST button on the left side of the page!
Thanks for the follow Patrick, it's appreciated!
yea im glad they are comin back but it sucks that im not gonna be whippin the Range anymore lol #TrailBlazin lol
Sick goal. The fat lady is warming up.
Until you confront your giant nothing will change and yes you can Love God and do 90% of the word but that one thing and you will be stuck.
who do you root for when you like both teams ?
Not sleepy. Reading David Sedaris' Barrel Fever. Oh damn.
we have been busy as of late sorry for being out of the mix..but its a lot of work sometimes
Family tradition today (it's the second year running, so now a "tradition") of IKEA on New Year's Day. Free breakfast for children.
3 guarantees in LIFE: Death, Taxes and SPORTSCENTER heard it hear first
Nuttiest NASCAR ever. Just say'n.
exciting lunch then back
Reminder: Ticket payments for Aug 1's Wine Dinner must be secured by Wed, July 27! Call to secure your spot @ 334-262-2763 or 334-233-1318
Irish accents <3
FRIDAY! Happy Hour starts at 3pm! The sun is out and you ain't got nothing better to do until it goes down. See you on the patio! PING PONG!
appreciate you coming on the show today.
Mitt going to center? Really? With Bork, Kobach and Wilson as advisors?
Except that it's not Friday yet..
It wouldn't be a #Superbowl without a Betty White sighting.
+1 to what he said. You will end up where you are meant to be...and love it! :)
#Marlins win, #Heat win...#todaywasagoodday !
when are you back at Naya???
Anyone else watching the Egypt show on Green Planet channel? Also what is the Green Planet channel?
you're welcome dude lol
Currently 37. Low tomo morning should find its way to around 30. Road surfaces should be fine, but light accumulations still on grassy sfcs
eternal combo= pint of beer + shot of "powers" only bloody $7.
I got a cool one from the wilsons leather outlet in camarillo for i think $100... it's really cool
the skinny red fox waslked past the tired dog.
Give Titan Movers a call today at 619-414-5469
Parsley has more calcium than milk & helps reduce bloodpressure
what's up me.lady
Here's hoping McGehee can hit for the cycle!
mhmm!! I didn't really feel like a fan anymore.. like.. I don't get nervous when I meet them now! it's weird!
Its Getting late 😔
Looking forward to my day at tomorrow!
Was just in an elevator full of strippers lhh
RT : jQuery 1.4 *drool*... Team is already looking at how soon we can roll it out to the site.
“Like” this post if your goal is to be happy!
Tonight I will use a plate for my take-out veggie combo so as to dine and not merely consume.
Robert Andino showing some serious range! WOW
I'm offering the best thing in the world for you.
thinking of buying some sea monkeys for my kids - anyone know anything about them (seamonkeys)?
Nothing good can happen to a team that intentionally walks Travis Ishikawa.
What happened to Antonio Banderas's fourhead? Too much sun no?
If nobody don't ya imma make ya famous ;)
Nice overview of scholarship into his great line about the 18c: "It isn't over yet."
Thanks for retweet!
RT I am with #occupy again.much nicer people than those Ron Paul and Terry Jones freaks < We are indeed. Thx & pleasure meeting u
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3+
Calm down, dont need all that... That was a medium joke at best RT : bwahahahahaha!!!!!
This is beginning to hurt, this is beginning to get serious.
you're straight puttin fools on blast today...and I love it
tweet me maybe !
This dude said "tell peter my mink is dragging on the floor"
Should stay away from people & computers. Seems I fuck things up. What is wrong with me lately? How annoying old habits pop up at odd times.
#brt green or red light? Gold or Silver?
Finally lebron got called for a foul
SWAG stands for Secretly We Are Gay...I dont know about u but a guy who spends hours on his hair and does his eyebrows sounds kinda gay.
what can i do to get through to you that you're the one for me there's nothing i wouldn't do! -jeydon wale
5 people from Jordan are killed after a deadly car accident in Kansas. More details at 5am on
Need one in West Virginia too
hey! It's probably because you are using Internet Explorer. Try another browser and it should work. Chrome, safari, Firefox. :)
On buffalo and broadway.
I want them to be the opposite of me. NERDS...BOOKWORMS...ALL THAT..DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS..CHESS CLUB!
Well I'm out..nite nite
Because he's not REALLY a president. He's a hype machine that we the taxpayer have to pay for.
Brandon, how is life on the other end!!??
When the stress on your body exceeds your ability to adapt to that stress you get injured. Most running injures are training errors.
Family Art Workshops today, Sat, Dec 11, 1pm-2:30pm. Fun for all ages. FREE with general admission. FREE to members.
Fix news: the student loan rate increase is a Obamacare funding scheme. Kinda proves this as cheap election year politics on Obamas part. ,)
I always say I'm going to stop eating Junk Food then I see junk food & end up eating EVERY crumb. :(
Fly with me, or Much better, or Black Keys.
Isn't it just absolutely WONDERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL! Houston's springtime is awesome!
Oh how I wish I could move out at times.
It's gotten a little warmer than expected today -- 78 downtown and at BWI. Forecast was low 70s.
Suggs, on ESPN, was asked how he felt about playing 13 teams with a former Pro Bowl QB: "We love it. We love playing in big games."
Hard to imagine #Sixers playing much better or the #Flyers playing much worse -- all considered, feeling pretty good about both teams.
when someone offers to pay for your heat ticket you say yes and thank you :)
Let's party tonight! Ill call you. “: where you been. I was at your crib the other day. #thepigisbackthough”
Aww that`s awesome! Thanks!
RT Happy Monday Family. Rejoice
I studied in Europe & know these transportation policies very well. No trip needed!
Yeah you got that right, I can get three outs without giving up a run. WHAT NOW.
OMG that pic does look like
that's wats up!
See u there! RT : - #GXUSA is looking forward to tomorrow's Chicago's mobile app meetup
I am assuming these headphones on my desk are from you. Thank you so much! Much appreciated. :) Happy New Year!
Can't wait to see all these #certifiedfresh movies over break.
made 100$ today for pep squad ;D
At the NBC store a while back they had a ton of Britta shirts on sale for $5 because no one would buy them, lol
#20ThingsAboutMe I like to try to keep my feelings about someone to myself, but I give in very easily when it comes to pouring my heart out
RT : Stillness is underrated. [Vastly!!]
thanks boo
I mostly learned about food borne illness and cross contamination. Makes me never really Want to eat again. Food is dirty
Aww thank you! How are u
reeks of cat today.
Wandered over to and had a star sighting (Sam Elliot) which would have been lost on me with out a pal screaming "I LOVE YOU!"
He who lives looking for pleasures only, the devil will certainly overthow
oh my god every time i see something with dave grohl mentioned in it i get so exited.
YEAH... If Viola has to loose it to anyone, It would have to be Meryl Streep... Probably the best woman actor in the game..
I know my eyes change from brown to green, so will u stop telling me when they change
if you don't know the lyrics to this song...IM OFF YOU!!!!!!
I tried everything to get you to notice me but then you tweeted me drunk one night & told me you loved me. :D The best thing ever!
lol..been gone for a while but im back!!
Females be oc stop fronting for these social networks and just be smooth about yours
In my searches for advisors, BrightScope profile pages rank very low on Google results. YMMV
Nothings impossible the word it self says "I'm possible".
Thanks and back at you!
i wanna lock er in the criband fuck er all day!
it is a fabulous issue - well done!
Listening 2: 'Assimilations' makes the life better & is 1of my favorite albums in the last 5-7 years. 'Dope girl' = jam
so curious as to what it is
kiss me once before i die maybe i could get a little more time to live hopelesslywithout you
lol.. Never that!”) So what u say?
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
we had some cancellations and were going to try to get other speakers, we've rescheduled. We'll KIT about the new date?
Who's up w/me?!
After todays game of Tebow vs the Pats I think we can all agree that the Jews had it right. Jesus does not exist.
nah he's not with us
I NEED MY PHONE BACK -Dies-
no sir I'm in LA for good!
Im sleepy af right now but i just refuse to go to bed
Yay! (It was my brainchild) :-)
Pick my hoes with the same finger I pick my nose with
these kids don't know how easy they got it lol
about done for the night...it's hard sleeping right after you work out.
Try reading your childhood favorites to your children. It is a great opportunity to teach them more about you and to bond with them!
Steve Buscemi RT : Good god that is the ugliest man in history on First Take right now
That's cool! Love Mickey!
I wish you'd reply to my text
You still have the chance to host a Passion Party! It's FREE & you can receive a free gift & discount on products. Contact me TODAY!
Yay. Glad your dad could get them to a receptive shelter. Please tell him thank you for being there for those kittens!
My wife cut me down to once a week. I don't feel bad, I know guys she's cut out completely. .... Dangerfield.
ok good to know. sound slike a blast!
Maybe you made somebodies day. Lol
Gotta wait on Walmart to call me back now
#FF If you're a Chopped fan you know her as one of the judges. Also a great cook and cool person and a joy to follow.
Okay to slEep for real. suns coming up
thanks for the follow
we love the positivity in your bio...we're ready to partake!
Our house is pending! We just have to find get the new one under contract!
I sent you a link. Read it
Life is just one damned thing after another.
hahaha funny you say that. Thats what i made for dinner... your loss!
Welcome back to the addicting world of twitter. :)
Reagan was a great leader!
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the whole world.<3 i love you Mommy!(:
The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want
#Volunteer! #Volunteer! #Volunteer! RRCO needs volunteers for tomorrow 12/18 from 11-3 to help at our holiday party.
“: special love s/o too>>> ” dag did y'all shoot already? I wanted to help rub oil on u :)... How did it go?
lol aite i was just hopin u would put that i was featured on it,hey n whats your # bro
Waiting for a spot.
Hey! Follow, follow, follow....
doing to may things on the net at once haha
How much work do you do yourself on home remodel projects?
have some gals over here oh and need to get kids on your books for pics of JUST them:) xo
SSM Health Care of Oklahoma Inc () will acquire Unity Health Center North, effective June 29th.
german cake and cheesecake is what i got
Oh my gosh!!! we have 16 followers!
Tell that to the 7548 people in my back yard!
Shoutout to For repping #Pisces all day everyday =D
That's impossible. I'm not at Grouchos
My favorite part of dear maria is alex's cough at the beginning<3
It's very simple If you want to 'get hot, smart liberal chicks', make smart liberal arguments like does.
In classic Brandon fashion, however, it's 12:30 in the AM and I've yet to accomplish anything tonight.
Talksbacks = moderated. Unmoderated postshows are just conversations, which i like better than goal driven talkacks.
Just saw a girl with a harry potter backpack. Made my morning.
What's going on with Delicious? It's taking forever to load lately. I don't want to think about moving my 14000 bookmarks.
My best friend doesn't deserve any of this. You deserve nothing but happiness and I'm sorry this is happening. Love you.💗
Fun photo shoot planned for this Wednesday with a lovely designer and some beautiful models. Can't wait to show you the pics! ;)
The CR includes a $2.3M increase for Boehner-backed DC Schools vouchers to stop termination of program and allow new students.
Taking a little hiatus to get things back in order. Much luv for all my Twitter fam'...talk to you all when I get back.
it's snowing around Lausanne and 38119.
“: stop burning me bro!!!” Intergalactic was over the top, sorry.
Nice discussion on burgeoning plans of the Digital Public Library of America
Im just tryna be surrounded by some real shit.
"Cause she holds me down every time I hit her up.."
thanks, Ali!
I'm ready to go to the gulf shore
The weather is great! I think it's time for the office to invest in a retractable roof.
To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid via
Lost SmarTrip over a month ago. Only ride bike, so didn't notice. Had to buy paper farecard. Managed to fuck up going through gate.
sept 9th will be an awesome game.. i got to get tix
but I really do love it...
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." Booker T. Washington
i am like BORED
Damn this slush/rain
been crazy busy. Trying to go to EU early next year. Paris and Milan...and of course Holland! Lol.
Dear Boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
hype "network", team sucks and say "next year", lots of $$$ doesn't buy wins. Ur arguement is laughable
The ZTE Score gets a sporty makeover for MetroPCS
I love Kalinda, she read her.
Pandora's adds are total nagware. I am tending to see that as they don't want my business.
you're really random. WE BELONG TOGETHER BB
I could never be your "girl".
Have you guys seen those tiny AT&T sim cards? I bet those are perfect for mice with cocaine habits ...
that is a great message
good morning!
OMG OMG OMG finishing the latest episode, holy crap shit is going down!
Off to HBO Studio's in the city to audition for "Bored to Death"
OH "I wouldn't be averse to a bomb being dropped on Fenway Park RIGHT NOW" :-O
Good question, and hopefully Haynes refers to the growing number of scholars attempting to deal with that specific problem?
I was there and i'll be there tomorrow sir
I have this song >.<
No fat free milk?!?!? Eww reduced fat.. I can just taste that 1%
No I haven't yet. I should pick up a copy.
thx to #ww tweets from and
please follow me it would make my YEAR! 😊
Telluric Records finally hit twitter! Hello everyone!
OH MY GOD. FNXJDMKFBHNXJDCFBHDJ
thanks for the mention.
It may sound "corny", but if you fail to plan, your are planning to fail! Today, plan and organize your schedule, meals & workout. #Go4it!
“: Nap before frostbites ;*” lucky t(-.-tt) lol
I know I literally fly home for like 36 hours
Happy Queen's Birthday! Go wear orange!
#ConfessionTime i miss talking to my mom every day
<3 thank you! what song was your favorite!?
We feel the same way RT : NAKED Pizza!!! <3
one can only hope...
Gorgeous day in Chicago! Gotta get out there!
In Eindhoven, Holland meeting with our Alkalife European partners. Great time and appreciating the excellent Dutch hospitality.
If that is how God talked, I could get me behind some religion. Until then, Mobtown denies the lord and all his works.
I Wonder What My First Tweet Was . . . . Probably "Wtf Am I Suppose To Do"
#3WordsForYou arty wants me😉
You know where Michael is?
You look good in those fancy pants! ;)
I haven't cried this much in awhile.
Come on, Hoyas, get it together.
Going off the grid for a few days in the wilderness, will be returning with a bear skin rug.
Cool to hear Marv Albert and Steve Kerr announce a #collegehoops game.
FUCKIN WHITE FOLKS! srry white ppl
Okay mosquitos, I don't taste very good so you might as well take my word for it and go away.
Let's hope I'm moving by the end of this week... 😥👎
I wish I felt better! I wanna be out with and her family!
great win today over the so called"dream team" ......keep it going!
goodmorning! Wish me good luck on my social studies test?(:
Street Audio is up and kickin'! Check it out now!
I am obsessed with the things I find on If you haven't heard/been to the site... go there now!
so do I put Square L7 or Official Square?
Uh....excuse me while I take a cold shower
Everytime I try to be good it backfires on me
not that there's anything wrong with that. a monster is sweeter to me than a cake :)
tru well some thing we out grow
TMZ reporting Davy Jones of the Monkees passed away
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... wacko Christians attack you for your faith, only to get attacked from a bunch of "Faithless" peeps
Right now: yours truly and Gary Burris performing at Latah Bistro (Spokane, WA). We're here until 9pm.
boy i thought he was gonna smack the computer he was so mad.
Thks for the tip! Boston is abt 7 hrs from us & my daughter would love 2 visit-my husband's teaching her to 'speak Boston' ;-)
i see you.
Hurricane Irene update shell now up in promos
#raw10 dancing w/ a woman n her tits fell out of her Blouse. i was aroused n embarressed @ the same time. i need Dr. Phil!
haha... Hadn't seen that one!
what will happen to traditional retail? King’s Hawaiian® Bread Offers Simple Solutions for Holiday Leftovers TORRANCE, Calif.--(BUSINE
We checked your bill pay history & everything has been paid through 5/2. Which bill were you referring to? DM if you prefer.
Where I'm at its be funny as hell
RT : "Are you the drummer for Cee Lo Green?"- guy in the elevator
The next Form 941 due date is 1/31. You can make a Form 941 payment with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Cc0 vs cc attribution. Wasn't that the snarl between & Sweden?
Sign up on our private email list for news on gigs and upcoming new c.d.
writing for the game will be completed in two short weeks, hope to have a demo soon! Be a long week, back at it, and hope to have updates
Thanks for the RTs and #FF!
I now regret cutting my hair short. Seriously guys, never let your girlfriend chop off all her hair. She will regret it later.
#SweetGenius is now #sweetgenieinabottle lol. Enter the Britney spears jokes.
"Too much sanity may be madness - and the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be." - Miguel de Cervantes
Lightning talks are blowing up! Ignite with my classmates tonite, LTs for Molly Raphael's visit on Thurs, sustainability theme on 4/10.
I'm killin
you're welcome. enjoyed seeing you speak at #edcampss yesterday! also looking forward to your new book
baby, you can have whatever you like...
she really is! Ive only had to raise my voice maybe a handful of times when she was like 3
Knicks suck blue balls... Go heat!!!!
Archive everything so you can play it back everyday :-)
u aint ask if I wanna drink
1930s newspapers devoted an awful lot of space to "Mr. And Mrs G Smith will return to Nyack on the Cunard April 13" Old-timey twitter!
With so many people's favorite sites down, all this protesting could have the inadvertent effect of making this a very productive day.
“: My friend twitter bio is priceless.” > how bout the pic? Ending Montana?
look ma, no hands
lol where you from!?
Holy suds, Bernie! Corey Hart is on FIAH!!!! Your butt's gonna burn a lot this year!
Act like a lady, think like a man
me too. Glad I called off work.
Is there a good public BISAC to LCSH mapping available? I could use one for a collection I'm ingesting, and would rather not reinvent.
phewww....was having withdrawals...bring it twitsister!!!
impressive, how long are you gonna be able to get used to that?
jail commission asks witness to compare MCJ management style of olmsted, who went public with Times about abuse, versus cruz, now on leave
All have a blessed day. I pray that love will always be first in everyone's heart. Happy Valentines Day! Love everyone as Christ loves you!
shuld delete her twitter ...
Is making fun of Thom Yorke here? I hope so.
I think I'm going to give up my NYC apartment and move into a Cabana at Encore for the summer!
Two Best Friends Decide They Should Have a Baby in "Friends With Kids" Grade: C- Just once I’d like to see a movie in which a man a
I love you oh so so so much! Don't forget that. <3
Last night I finished reading 's #HowToBeBlack. Definitely a must-read for everyone black, white, & any shade of brown in between
Have you tested someone today?
Looks like a place you might catch Spidey webslinging around
Myles Kennedy, frontman in Slash's band, is good now but he's got only 5--maybe 10yrs (tops) left to hit those high notes
Bob Saget is all over the place. Recently on Mohr Stories, Jim & Eddie, The View, and Opie and Anthony!
looking forward to seeing your studio.
The cable installer just left, so I'm back up and running at the new house!! Yeah!!!
Michelle Bachman's laugh is so awkward!
Thank you so much!! Same to you
ha i hate the dentist
What are you doing, man?? :)
Pure energy
I changed my passwords to INCORRECT. So next time I forget my password it will tell me 'Your password is incorrect" ;)
Not sure the slides are making sense to me. #alcts webinar "aiming for a robust metadata infrastructure for the future"
what up what up what up :)
thanks man!
Community Impact Artist Honorable Mention Latifah Shakir
the bottom line is... i'll never understand women, but I will strive to try. #iaintlyin'
Lynne Parenti is curator of fishes What a great title! At the Feb 16 #DASER, she discusses two recent art-sci exhibits she curated.
World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games
Letting out huge farts feel so good haha
thats your home away from home
On Fast Break duty for tonight, #Celtics #Hawks. One thing is certain: Ry Hollins will be in full on ML Carr mode from the bench
Ugh, I feel your pain! I'm just waiting on the meeting invitations to start rolling in, spoiling all of my plans.
just tweeted the anonymouse link, so everyone should be able to get to it one way or another
Happy Birthday sister!! :D wish u the best xoxoxo
lol....yeah yeah
I can so relate...Sigh.
Don't follow Premier League. Watching Manchester city game at brunch. Amazing finish before I knew it was for the championship.
Lol people on the internet are always so angry!
Nah, but my nigga rap. He finna blow up
I just can't take Mitt Romney seriously. I feel like I'm watching an SNL skit every time he speaks. What the heck is Mitt short for anyway?
that happen sober too
Thanks to my Waka Flocka reference, I'm now being followed by rappers "Chicago Santana" and "Money Pistol" #nervouswhitechild repping big D
Cybermetrics? Is that, like, from Terminator or something?
Luv seeing my Nephew Kyle & his dad being 2gether on their birthday. Makes me miss times with my dad! I miss him so much every day.
RT WI marathon & half-marathon runners: Visit the Team Challenge tent at finish to buy some celebratory post-race cupcakes!
#LiesIveToldMyParents Where im going or what i was going to do
My #dogs bark at EVERYTHING! Ugh
