I hope all of you had a very wonderful earth day by bonding with the earth in some way. If not, then get to it soon. There is nothing finer!
SloPig was a great hit with lots of great chefs and bartenders. Thanks everyone who came out and tried our punch!
How can I get my book in your hands to read?!?!
Had a dream last night that I forgot to check my facebook for a few days & everyone from my class in HS had died & I missed it and or did it
Just finished #reading The Shrinking of Treehorn, and how I have another name for another of my non-existent children! This will not do.
how do you feel about getting all this attention since Cody became famous??? :)
Gimme a time bb!
<----Kool Kid, Smart Woman:)
I couldn't agree more with your last tweet. It is so frustrating from that aspect being a part of a "local" band.
There is literally no suspense in the draft, I love it.
Happy Mothers day Ma
Pleasure to criticize prevents enjoy wonderful.
they said Thank You!
When should I plant my garden? Any other pointers?
Game on
30 minutes to Kentucky game. Hope I can stay awake to watch them win!
you are
iwas tryin to be nice to give u another follower but since u dont want to follow back . Fuck it
hey!!! That's great!! I was wondering. Yeah, musicians are lame.
Wow i made food on the stove that was edible
Also want opportunities to work w/other museum depts & build one's own professional development. For many, FOH is first step.
We will see you there!
Sometimes snowboarder style can venture into the meat packer realm.
is Ava spongebob or dora? Give me a hint!
psshhaaww. no. ricky is too. its either ricky or cats..mostly ricky though
City Cafe sets the pace for Midtown's Public Safety fund as a Diamond Sponsor! Thank you City Cafe!!
Just saw Ghost Protocol---TC never ceases to amaze me...His movie-making genius exudes from all his films....including this one!
#truth your the dumb one. #fact I'm the smart one
- Good question! I've been trying to track down what'll be taking place & where. , any #4sqDay #Boston plans?
Spend Easter in #SanDiego & create #family memories w/ Easter Bunny appearances, an underwater Easter egg hunt & more! Info to come.
feed me
i love you goodnight :)
RT AT&T's Randall Stephenson at #gradnation recognizing young people achieving success at Ballou HS in DC.
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does. Mary Almanac
I'd still like to think that the song "No Scrubs" is about the TV show.
Bring your dancing shoes to Fontana's 105 Eldridge NYC. BrownRiceFamily will be performing honoring the legend Bob Nester Marley on Blac ...
off to the vet!
The song Livin On a Prayer will forever now remind me of
ughg! that link didn't work, send it again chi
US source back from Haiti on delivering shelter to injured and homeless. Source is from Shelterbox USA. Interested 4 AC360?
#hth2012 Frank: noting that we need to stop digging our hole deeper. Need more professionalism in data (YEP!)
what do you think about the spontaneous streak this week?
Thanks for following me. But in the absence of a blue tick icon, how can you be sure it's me? Esp. as you're not sure I exist
Somebody should give me a S/O!
I see. We'll talk one day about the why+how! ;)
i'm glad that is happy now. she really deserves it.
STUDENT DISCOUNT DAY IS EVERY WEDNESDAY!!!! Save 5% with student I.D.
P is for Punjab; A is for Afghan Pathans of the North-West Frontier; K is for Kashmir; S is for Sind; Tan is for Baluchistan.
it's not an overreaction if there's a note. Or three.
“: Love when he puts on his button-up in the morning, hate having to take it off him at night. #TSM”
The Lucky One is by far.. the best book ever.
Updated me bio. (Yes, I know I said "me") Lol.
Thank you!
Ha, this a bad time to be claiming the Vikings.
Collaboration can happen at lunch. Just make sure that teachers bump into each other when not teaching.
Terrific - thanks for the feedback!
Uncertainty Looms over Facebook's Stock Market Entrance - U.S. News &amp; World Report
I don't think you did you challenge today on instagram??
I will make the beef you will need to make the pork
Guess I was late to bed; ghost has already started wandering thru the house. Heard it walk into kitchen, checked, nobody in there. Pets all
Used 2B gay "marriage" or "same-sex" #marriage scare-quoted, now it's "traditional" in MSM, meaning it's all
Fuck working out without headphones. I should've just gone home
It's time for a solo walk along the beach #YOLO <3
doing the exact same in Econ haha
This is the real deal. I am helping people just like you create a weekly and monthly check while they lose weight using our amazing all...
Hi Teala! Could i get a follow back from you today? :)
Government workers have to be the laziest people I know. Can you pick up the phone?Oh wait y'all are government. You don't answer questions
You're an ex for a reason. That's the point, I hope I never meet anyone like you. Fuck, what shitty world this would be with two of you.
When you see guys in Victoria Secret looking at thongs >
Fun Fact Friday: Family travelers take an average of 4.5 trips each year. Where is your next one?
haha, paul from the b center ran the #PhillyMarathon today. and congrats on yours, btw!
I love Pandora is great at work
What a wonderful audience we had for tonight wouldn't you say ?
I just automatically gravitate toward him lol. It's like radar
#SinceWeBeingHonest I only talk to u cause my friends all mostly live outta town n the ones in town be at work & skool when I'm off.
Hey guys! Tweets here are coming to you from John Talerico and our social media manager,
So ready or the weekend #tired AF
yay!!! Thank you!
Reading old texts from someone and smiling like an idiot.♥
Traffic report seems out of control as does metro..be safe getting to Vinoteca Winos!
all my friends are leaving ):
Then who goes to Vegas...I thought they had 1st choice. ..wouldn't they take TCU
Lost season 6 is damn good. :)
I'm West Coast! Seattle.
It's not even a toss-up! Big Papi hands-down!
Hey guy riding by on the Harley: TURN YOUR FREAKING RADIO DOWN. It's not even 7am.
so cool
Hm. I take it that it's not available to be linked to?
the cap is on, that is what!
Please follow me<3
call it the Valley of Death—the terrain between proof of concept and the beginning of mass production and significant sales.
Twitter account hacked again! If you received a recent message from me sorry!
#Film | If a #ScriptSupervisor queries a scene's action in your script, you've just been covered. - oxox
Love Me Or Hate Me.. Either Way I Am Who I Am .
let me get that free gift card
Awful managing in the ninth, Ron. Calling for a sacrifice with the worst bunter on the team is not a good call. Horrible.
Happy Pastor's Appreciation month to all the Pastors!!!!My Pastor Father Pfleger!
Whew! And, we're done. That did take a while.
i just started bawling with Alyssa came down haha
I must've eaten 30 oz. of red meat at Texas De Brazil last night. So good, though.
After "Obama Beats Weiner," can the please run a "Boehner Pulls Out" headline tomorrow? Or is that too bipartisan for NewsCorp?
I have a doc on how to ask to have them remove it looking for it now will post when I find it.
omg i LOVED tonights ep. I see why you loved it. I was in tears for Daphne. Great job! cant wait for more
Anyone else bothered by the fact that Opening Day falls on Good Friday this year?
look at my tweet pass it on
ur missing a good show
Filming today!
Ate shirmp ceviche for the first time. Its good.
RETWEET THIS TWEET TO HAVE A CHANCE AT WINNING A PRIZE PACK OF HEALTH PRODUCTS! WE'll ANNOUNCE WINNER TOMORROW MORNING!!
That follows only if you assume that gayness leads inevitably to gay marriage. Still, where do I sign up for the porn and socialism?
That was the BEST night ever in my life!
Well put. RT : If you're going to be original, be prepared to be copied.
new years... lets get weird...
Reasons I am happy : 1) Big Ravens W last night. 2) Fall menu starts today! Meaning meatloaf, pot pie, chopped steak salad are all back!
Can't even put it into words how touched I by everyone who was a part of my Father in Law's cancer benefit! Over 5K raised!
aww my little cuzzo just came in the room and said "whose that pretty girl" i told him dani he said "dwanie" aww so cute??
Thank you! :) RT You look gorgeous!! Love the outfit RT : New Post: Debut of the flower pants!
Non-dairy frozen yogurt, anyone??? Had to stop by yogen fruz for non-dairy sorbet option....not bad, but
Thanks for your reply. I report each UCE as I receive it.
Whooaaaaa Netflix changed
Oh I just found out today about it. I wish I would have known earlier to get a ticket. Looks cool!
Want to help people who are struggling with their finances? Volunteer today! We need help in all sorts of areas beyond mentoring.
Don't break my heart by favoring Chelsea. I think Arsenal and Liverpool can be friends today. Neutrality is worse.
Don't know if I can trust you.
Maccabi Tel Aviv loses tough game to Panathinaikos in the
Nice Patriots podcast with Simmons...love how you're so sure a team that hasn't beat a team over .500 all year will dominate
thank you :)
Learn how to become Wealthy by Making Money and Savings Money on Energy Bills across the US. Call Now For Details 1-646-397-9817
Was going to include "love you more" in that tweet but that would border on groupie status, no?
So how many of you would have preferred to be in traffic with me over watching the Heat game?
Boys, if you don't look like Calvin Klein models, don't expect us to look like Victoria secret angels.
Judge ruled Washington County Sheriff should not be held in contempt for refusing a court order.
RT : Hardware literacy changes the way we interact with technology #ohdc // Amen!
Going to be downtown/CU campus this afternoon. Hit us up if you want to renew/join. We have 2012 scarves/buttons with us. Prost!
Not that the lineup tweets are bad, they are solid info! Just enjoy the other insights from your position with the organization
AND R U STILL COMIN
I don't put much faith in any ND players
it's fun to be clever :-D Hump day is actually fartlek day (still trying to come up with something clever for that one).
I believe mini m&m's have a better chocolate to hard shell ratio.
Dream big.
A stationary set!
Program cycle special for level 2 - $80 Program cycle special for Advance - $99 by registration only!
RT : When we added Marco Rubio to the ticket on our Florida poll Mitt Romney dropped from 45% to 43%
That Time Flung Some Little 6th Grader 10 Feet Because We Were Running To The Lunch Line :')
your welcome =D
Wussup can i get a follow back
Never stand up when your foot falls asleep wearing heels...
Here's something else nerdy. Saw Chris Kimball today..in person..he glared.
OHMYGOD, invert the fucking phase and shit SOUNDS GOOD AGAIN
That is glorious. You are one step closer to living the life of a chick-flick heroine.
that boi mosley aint swing the whole fight bro and he got knocked down
Garry Sheffield arrested in Tampa Bay after getting caught with 3 pounds of marijuana
RT : we are at $20653! Thank you for putting us over the edge! #Pittsburgh is amazing!
YES. Education is the one thing we've got that makes a REAL difference in people's lives. Thank you for being a teacher.
#Teamyandy Chrissy ah old ass bitch w/ zero class
#digiconf12 O'Leary closing: The best way to predict the future is to create it. Willy Brandt
thanks... thats y im happy ur my friend #salute #realbitches:-)
damn... Sorry bro.
it was a good effort by the patrons favorite , kind of.. 72 is boring.. But great to see a guy who appreciates it win.
I'm just gonna say it one more time, we should burn down the fence
Do I think Peyton Manning is our best move? No. Am I extremely excited to see him in a Dolphins uni? Abso-fucking-lutely.
I've said it twice.
rack of lamb for dinner tonight—simply the best lamb there is.
Everyone is back in one room except who is in Florida all week at a conference.
me too! I love quantum leap ziggy!
lol damn.... Clintondale on the come up!
Waiting for 9 so me and Alex can go to Wally-World, then school. Today is my last day):
We show up when something bad happens.We need to show up all the time to balance the stories of communities says Akilah of the Boston Globe.
The entire computer crashing?
OMG rushed home to see LIVE!! Ah. I guess I am a #Weller :) <3
lol MT : You're killing me, Smalls! I approve of guac w/habaneros, but dill?? Really?
": #Gemini's have a bad twin to blame their mischievous side on." !!*this is so true!!
aaawww man how did he take it poor him
Would love to see you tonight coach. Let me know if you can get out.
Wuts gd ! I C U SLIME
I miss falling asleep with him.. Faccccck. I always put myself in te toughest predicaments
Database service has been restored.
Vote for for Ward 7 GOP City Council. If you are Democrat don't worry, you can vote for him in November 's election RT
If you ever see Gen. Pepper's Chili Cakes on Frenchman then GET ONE!
Follow and keep it on lock from this artist! Lots going on here!
true story.
On the way to games I stop at QT at 157 & hwy10 and buy them. Saturday they didn't have my flavor. So I didn't have seeds.
ya gotta add jeff to that too lol he is just as bitter if not more
Today's the last official Last Thursday (street closed) and possibly the last nice day of the year...Come out to Alberta St. and live it up!
Live, at the Digital Journalism Camp...
you should :)
i love you more
What dates do you need for orlando?
I spot a trend, and then I get ahead of it ~ Madonna
so basically they swapped 2nd rd picks with NE for a 6th, and two 7th rounders?
whats going on, i sent you a email over on your face book page, can you take a look and tell me what you think.
peace everybody.
nice sentiment, but how will they get paid? This will get abandoned like other mid market ventures.
He Dumb . I Just Hung Up ,
I love the holidays and seeing the rest of my family
it can be lonely sometimes.
The worst part about this Capitals-Rangers series is that someone has to advance.
You mean like how he lets go of the bat as soon as he starts his swing?
Kidding....kind of. Im def craving a breakfast sandwich though.
Wow. Yeah, she could have planned better but you'd really begrudge her trying to keep an eye on her kids during flight?
great performance on tribute to the troops
i lovey yew too (:
Sad to think about that this is the last college basketball game for a long time
I love being in the 160-180 BPM range :) SO MUCH FUN!
Plenty of single rich guys up in Plano. Need an intro?
Closet of ROCK is more like it!
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.” - Margaret B. Runbeck
#oomf had that same tweet like 15 seconds before you did. lol
I try.
my theory from earlier: bento only wants yes men. That's his style of play...
: great quotes
Im bored any ideas on what to do today.
is finalizing content for 944 SD's Nov. FOOD Issue!! Speak now or forever hold your peace! Email any final pitches to me at
this friday coming up..on arlington
Was Gangster Squad thrown together to reup the Dick Tracy rights or something?
um. your bio.
i watched the whole 10 minutes of that ..<3
"Cocaine for breakfast yikes! Met her a coachella ...."
ah, i wanna watch 90210 :(
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!✊
Was just reading your tweets - so much positive energy in so few characters...amazing! Thanks for following...
. will sing for Jesus just to fit in at school, but would "...never violate his core principles..." what a joke
Did you win?
Max Server memory for #SQL = Total Machine Memory - 4GB for OS is what it should be set. Blasting SP sites tip;
"Ya'll know me... Yeah OPP!" #THON12 good job!
Bunnies are all over the place
U meant every day working people right? have u-- or do u know anyone who has-- actually bought someone a CAR for holidays?
Well, the Xbox can't get pregnant?Rosettafr19
you are right! clearly i am a horrible daughter. May 12th is then.
shout out
“Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late
Excited for the stretch run.. we should have some new characters in Omaha this year!
Survived a Bulgarian movie w/Spanish subtitles with surprising ease. Left me wanting to learn Backgammon.
That kind of active solicitation of feedback from colleagues cd offer qualitative evidence of impact.
yea buddy
red bull :)
you read this somewherere?
RT : It's happening tonight! We're on at 1.30, we've got withdrawal symptoms after a day off in the sun!
Unpopular opinions I hold #6: I don't like Roombas.
hi i love you you are beutiful girl can you follow me ? i jasminator of spain one pregunt what ' s your colour fovourite?
Bubba wins!!! Yeah Masters champ!!!
how do u get to post on my account? I dont follow u and u dont follow me... Spam
I do agree. :) I'm see The Dictator tonight & then kids' sports all weekend.
How do I get a cartoon face like ?
Fantastic customer service and low pressure sales. I've returned for service because of no BS policy.
Students at the path throwin up Greek signs. Ran in the office and grabbed my pen with my MacBook on the side of my hip
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
I ain't gone lie I wish it could be though !
Phew! Finally secured my Timbers 2011 season tickets!
Looking good, Luis. Stay warm over at that windy, chilly HDC. You could borrow one of those beanies that Beckham wears.
Phillip Phillips is singing last so it's clear the producers want him in the finale. :-/ ...can't wait to watch tonight anyway.
Don't be a baby-cry, cause cry-babies won't make it through the night.
Best of luck sir! I'll send some positive energy ur way Interview for pt teaching job in milwaukee on monday
love to hear that! Thank you for all you do...
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen (2011), Horrible Bosses (2011), Melancholia (2011)
vs Think of it as Chris Bourque fighting Scott Gomez.
Tornado watch bitchh :D
shuddup all you attention whores!
Once again eating alone. "You don't wanna sit there. Aaron Schock's boyfriend is gonna sit there."
Holy black mamba!
just like tennis if you serve well you will seldom lose in life... #NoKidHungry needs your service. serve the
#imagine You and Niall just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face & says, "I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything."
Aw, how cute! Adorable book.
": Knock 'em dead on the road, y'all!" Thanks fam. That means a lot coming from you. Much appreciation
Bump your bank. We have some great Credit Unions in the area, consider one today
“: Grace is the face that love wears when it encounters imperfection "/AMAZING!!
What stations do you like? I LOVE it when I'm typing reports or doing my social media marketing activities. Just curious.
I just did
are you kidding?!?! Scrapple is everything those guys stand for in gastronomy!
Yeah, still here on planet New Orleans
All of Saxbys' staff will be wearing their pink ribbons in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month.. Are you wearing yours?
You mean Black Beauty has gone to the glue factory?
DJ Pipster... Bringing the funk! Ha...
I always think my kids are not well behaved, and then I meet other people's kids.
Paco's 11-1-11 is coming. Don't miss it. Stay tuned for details.
I really am moving lol
so nasty.
So, what's everyone's St. Paddy's plans? Also, does anyone know how to make a cocktail with Baileys, Jameson and Lucky Charms?
Having one of them days when I wish I could smoke or drink something.. Smh
Trivia Q Day 1: What did Pierce Egan add to the basic eggnog recipe when he created a variation of eggnog called "Tom and Jerry."
Must move on with my day...now I'm just obsessing.
Tweet to compete. Ready to learn at
great #election coverage from the best of the best on right now!
BIG UPS ON THE XXL COVER U DESERVE IT BIG UPS....
Do you know there is app called the luck of the Irish? You have a countdown for St. Patricks day!
How could you not love #OKC!!!
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou thank you for making an effort to keep this conversation going, unlike everyone else.
Gogurt are good at four in the morning.
": bitch I'm a thug by nature just cus a n***a don't love you don't mean I hate ya.... ()"
can't wait to meet July 9th :3
It's neat to see what people are pinning from your website. See it at: pinterest. com/source/YOURSITE.com
Me and are watching a movie called Dance Fu featuring Kel..from Kenan and Kel
If OSU beats Kentucky in the nat'l title game and Kansas makes the final 4, I'll win the pool.
you are the man!! Hope we can meet up soon :) Happy New Year!!!
“: Spend less. Save more” that's what it's all about
dude school is ending in a week and a half, this year went by crazy fast.
Bummer! RT New fleece from just arrived. Wrong size! We leave for the trip on Friday...
#mybestfriendsof2011 Liz, GG, Raye, Billy, Lisa, Nick, Music, Marry, Ali and E.
Ideas And Ideas For Inspiring Panorama Designs For Your House ...
Nice article. Anyways, you're going to get sick from chicken and unwashed veggies in same bag, plastic or not.
Every time we say, "Let there be!" in any form, something happens. -Sheila Terrill Man.
pretty good... I have to go to court later ;( divorce/child support!!! Wish me luck!
What an amazing Derby Week! Getting a few house things done then getting ready for nashville and memphis this week!
no I dont
I can't think of a better way to spend my Saturday afternoon than going to Eric & Alex Dorman's wedding with some awesome professors.
Ur as real as real can get!!!
*The Marine
The rapstress will hitting the road on a 14-date trek...
Thanks for the RT this morning & ! Hope your week is off to a great start.
you're welcome! enjoy cc RT : Sweet potato #popchips are amazeballs!! Thanks for the vday treats
Someday you'll come out of nowhere n into my life.
Greed and Envy? Whatever you are smoking, you better put it down, dude. Cuz your perception of reality is severely disturbed.
i just listened to your songs and they're great! :)..i love "Piece of My Heart" <3
Rode the tandem 57 miles today.
Hola!!! I'm not on here much lol so sorry for the late reply!
Making brownies for a special someone. So domestic, it's gross.
wish i could be with my boobear :(
Thinking bout getting Cork Floors!“ Be creative w/it, & create checkerboards, herringbones & brick patterns or custom cuts.”
Soon ima get fed up and blow up a spot
Greg Wilson in LA TONIGHT!!
you look beautiful snook!!!! keep up the hard work!!!!
loves finding other people's shopping lists left behind in carts... "what are they making that they need that!? oh they have a dog" :)
THANK YOU! LET'S BE BFF'S AND WATCH OLD MOVIES.
Have you ever followed, or unfollowed, someone solely because of their avatar?
Some people just make me laugh. What a night!
Without the bitter the sweet isn't as sweet.
anytime doll
signed up. You?
Adventures witth holly and mandy!(:
Our treatment focuses on a woman’s distinct characteristics, helping her to overcome addiction and live up to her potential.
How are people not going out of their minds cheering right now?
'Canes on Center Ice w/ "as bad a defensive performance" as Montreal commentator has seen this year. Score is 4-0. Pathetic.
Just liked it. Follow me, pleasee ??? :D
i'm getting a context high.
Happy birthday mate! :)
Did you like that video? We stumbled across it by accident, you can get some good stuff for $5.
RT : Sometimes its hard not to think about our past, but in the end it helps us with the decisions in our future.
Reading a great play called Stage Black by Lydia R. Diamond. So funny!
Some days being a community manager is really rewarding! Today is one of them. Love connecting with my clients' customers!
I just follwed u
everyone needs to follow this kid!
able to speak in tongues, something like it comes natural....you need to start reading the bible more sir.
What a beautiful launch!!! GODSPEED SPACE SHUTTLE ENDEAVOUR ON YOUR FINAL VOYAGE!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Paul.
I'll be looking for any opossum subway friends hitching a ride this week, hah
Come by Evolve Discovery's booth 222 for a chance to #win an #Ipad2!
Those annoying ass bitches on the bus who were screaming and singing can eat a fucking dick.
I love you Kanye West!
That's done by every dictatorship.
sure and the next thing they are going to tell you is that a "Like" equals loyalty.
I need at least one more day... Not a fan of spring break being over :(
The same! Minus the remote problem. Haha
I've seen most of them....every week.
thanks man! You are going to love our new stuff!
Today is the fair! Yeeee!
The Scream tweets! - What version are you? #aam2012 I predict in the future more museum objects will have a voice.
sign n trade
My coolness'o'meter just tallied up the points. You both come to equal scores.
“: Great set last night!” thanks for having us!
upset. already.
Okay, I will do that, living my life in Chicago while you troll all the Packer Backers like they are your friends, ya der hey
Fantasy draft-spawned rumor? Twitter starting to buzz that Peyton Manning is done for the year. Is it true? No idea. Hope not
Thanks for following us back. We are in Philadelphia, PA but I know the weather in the Caribbean is great today. Thanks
I'm the type of nigga that don't let beef ride. You know that Jay.
Take advantage of this Beautiful Day!! Get out and support local business!! Freshest Breakfast Tacos in Town. You tell us how to make it.
on Wednesday :)
you just calm down. I have a present for you too.
I still haven't done my homework(:
Put peer-review at beginning of publishing process.
got to say, I've really been enjoying of late
He At Thee Edge -.-
Playin hooky today - no work! So what do we do on our day off??? We volunteer at ! Stay tuned for our next volunteer night!
Finally getting around to voting in the hottest 100
« I don't know whether my stubbornness is my greatest strength or my biggest weakness.»
These bitches can't cut in to business, I'm in love with to business
Good morning Twitter Family, off to Oxford Michigan for a dress rehearsal for the independent SiFi movie "CK 42.
Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE @ Red Kiva, April 18th! Show starts at 9 PM! Can you dig it Chicago?
we need volunteers to help us collect petition signatures at #rally4sanity. Interested? send us a DM.
Also the word "atheist".RT : Among those who don't understand it, few words have justified more nonsense than "Socialism."
Thanks for the twitter follow & facebook like, !
when my thoughts are silent i start hearing Master P rap in my head... a gift & a curse
yes, very beautiful...
is your icon from an actual photoshoot? i love it!
Jimmy John's <3
u must have forgotten Ravens already smashed the Texans #getreal location pic? I think so
From Justn (7:55pm): Showers in central WI have nearly fallen apart. Look for sprinkles in FDL & Sheb. Co. before 11pm.
no really when
uh absolutely! I'm always up for a fun time in New York!
omg! i've actually traveled that bridge with your big bro---while it was snowing very hard! he kept telling me to take pics
Many thanks sir! ... I'll keep my eyes open for HEARTLESS.
I love you bum. Don't you have some gay thing like school to be laying attention to ? Lmaooo
Teach your child not to give direct eye contact to a dog as this can be seen as confrontational behavior
We have gone #redandblack in support of Canterbury. Our thoughts are with our friends and families in need..
What does it say about CeeLo that he's always stroking a pussy...cat?
sky blue ITS THE BEST :)
I hate getting penalized for someone else's mistakes.
like father, like son.
HEY MAHOMIES GIVE ME SHOUT OUTS AND RT MY TWEETS PLEASE <3 i'll be sending A DM to Austin Mahone recommending Mahomies for him to follow (c)
TOTAL desperation.
here's six words: "Trayvon Martin was a whole person." This country is showing a harsh backward turn to 3/5 discourse.
Where are you headed w/your #sweetie in #SanDiego tonight? Last years #vday was spent on #lajolla beach with my sweet & a bonfire!
Congrats to for winning a silver medal for their Bottle Rocket Lager!
I'm kind of partial to your 997th tweet, myself. :) Thanks.
Break that single making waves!
Scores come out January 6th.
I am going to be completely spoiled by Nationwide. The UE team is top notch - great work, great personalities. Thanks for a fun contract!
Today's episode will be up a tad later in the day but is currently uploading and should be live soon! It'll be worth the wait on this one.
why hello snowstorm... where did you come from?
Why Thank you lol RT Studs are so fuckin sexy
Daily, life is a challenging job, you lose interest, you lose the pattern.
Touring 12Stone Church
Totally in! Who is supplying the ketchup?
cant wait for this #NYR game tn
Deprived of sleep, our eyes glazed over from staring at computers, our faces twitching, alternatively guzzling coffee and chugging beer...
It's a great day to go car shopping - and the last weekend of the Biggest Sale of the South!
u already got it guy?
Oh I miss Ginuwine & his videos!
#WhyILoveMuseums - The history alone is inspiring and motivating. I also love how technology can give you a more engaging perspective.
Dang where #bowwownation I don't see anyone on my timeline.... Aww man I know y'all boys still up lol #UnderratedTour June 12th Hot Right Na
Let's get it! RT : #Salute & Mad Respect For The Homie !! Real Talk..! Big Reason Allur Came My Way & Seen My Vision...
GLASSHOLE! What a headline
Waiting for aunt samantha ensemble on ohio drive FDR
Why take out the good stuff? Revolution Cider is unfiltered, allowing its natural flavors to shine through. Philly bars, here we come!
We have a few days left if you want to get into our April mailing. Hurry! Phone lines are open!
Why can mcdonalds never get anything right
“: There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.”
Wait, What?!?!? #wherecanihear? RT Listening to a rough cut of the new Kingsizemaybe song
I thought you said you missed school to run away with aliens.
Merry xmas eve too0o all...i love you all so much...stay sexy.
this is the best day of my life.
He was 14 I think but i'm stuck on the question about the colour of his drums. On one of her videos he's playing (c)
UMinn astronomers part of team that's discovered buckyballs in solid form in space. You can't say "buckyballs" without giggling.
I just started training. I joined the y to get the swim down. Now working on the run
Oh man, plan retards are the worst! RT what the hell is wrong wit yu is yu dumb or just plan retarded
good luck today!!!!! The show last night was AWESOME!
tomorrow afternoon.
NICE!! #golf shoes have come a long way!
i was pretty sure i was on the bus w/ keisha cole's mom. then i heard her say, "i'm keisha cole's mom!"
Should I at least wait until 930 to go to bed on a Saturday night..hm
it was a great fight. Id watch a rematch.
This week we visited this week!!! We met some GREAT students!!!!
YEAH BUDDY:)
cool, thanks! :)
That's a good one!
It's like, flooding outside. I love it (:
I dunno, man. You totally rock the red hair.
So where are the platforms that can handle massive scientific communication flow and meet requirements of research communication?
AUTHOR'S NOTE: I've got to do this every few months. The Is A Joke Page. U dont have to @ yell at me for something Steve King said.
Hybrid Staff = mix of notation and sequencer staff. Only in NOTION3!
we better get in the kitchen where we belong, gurl :(
#HowAboutWe never talk again do me that favor .
Monday Night Football! Who do you have winning tonight? Colts or Bucs?
so I just saw a sonic commercial. they now have sweet potato tots! um, yum.
Radware Collaborates With IBM to Help Customers Achieve ...
🚭 knock it off, Deen.
Fuck not having a hat! That shits my trademark.
forgot its sunday relaxed but bored i wanna chill wit sum one
Do not fucking use me to feed your addiction. Go fuck yourself, seriously.
thanks for the follow!!
“ Every act of rebelling expresses a nostalgia for innocence. ” — Albert Camus
Gin isn't a vegetable, silly, it's a fruit!
RT : Glad to be a part of this and so excited. <--- Yayyy Cc:
you freidns to add me as we need friends and 100000 hits this month to help keep us
Thank God !! somebody took a post off for me I couldn't get to on my phone .. I have a shot gun.. Just shoot me please.. What a day :O
Giving teachers more effective instructional materials much easier path to boost quality of instruction than changing personnel policies.
yea I am. Havent seen it in a while
No woman is to good to cheat
I will read This article when I finish the first one you suggested.
I dunno, our new EP is pretty epic…just sayin and will it say again.
thanks! today's a perfect day for a ice cream'wich!
RT Ready to watch my UK boys play!!
thanks for spreading the word!
So long Inge and good luck in Oakland.
Usually when I say "Ugh what is this?" the answer is "Muse". Just not my thing.
which part have you been to?
It's the 1 year anniversary of the day my lovely agent sold an oddball novel about true love and robots to my adorable editor. *Fireworks!*
Shite. Damn me & my cash flow issues.
I already have. The past is the past, man.
Omg I love kenpo! :D I could do this every day!
Check out our Allure Wig, right here on our twitter profile & let us know what you think!! www.drwiggys.com or email
lol we'll drink to that!
I feel so mad & angry & frustrated & depressed & confused & lost I just wanna punch through a fucking wall
Can't focus
#liespeopletell I have read and agree to the terms of use.
What a great Final Table in Jacksonville for the WPT. out of the booth, Buzgon in the POY mix with Faillia! Oh...
this ldubb from the shrine on wednesday jus tryna more info on this tour
See our new products, 10 candle warmers and over 80 fragrances
#TampaBay has the best attractions
Then what do u call it? Lebron got MVP again and u hate on da kid smh
Unruly Music festival countdown 7: so-new-the-ink-is-still-wet music from Chicago electroacoustics wizard Chris Mercer on March 8.
And my arms need someone Someone to enfold To keep me warm when Mondays and Tuesdays grow cold
I don't think Thinking Bout You by Frank Ocean will ever get old ♥
No plans tonight have to be to work to early in the morning
Follow my GURL
- That is probably the next place Google would like to "map it up" at... Well, if Heaven is in space, that is...
I feel like I got stabbed in my stomach -.-
bro your so dope easily my new favorite MC, LiveLove∆$∆P is a #CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!!!
that's quite cool. Hope it comes with free parking...
Just finished my first day as a student teacher librarian! Going to red sox game tonight. Great day, I think. . .
Yes Mt Monday sounds great!
glad you fixed that mane lol!
The First Lady of Virginia jumping out of a perfectly good airplane for our brave military members. Hightlights on 19News Nightcast
A Hawk and a Hacksaw Jim Duggan
Hate having corp email on this phone. Autolocks every stinken time .
you weren't smiling that baby smile of yours, so i couldnt tell lol. :p
whats everybody else up to
10 Miles!!! Thanks for the good luck wishes :)
I could eat these freakin' pralines ALL DAY without stopping.! Junks good asF'.!
Shout out to all our new followers! Send us a tweet, and we'll follow you back! Be sure to check us out on Facebook if you haven't already!
Defender : Defeater is next! Then Lords of Discipline, Burn The Ides and lastly Bounty Hunter. Still plenty of time to get to The Loft!
Can't get much uglier than this. Hanie is incompetent.
Congrats on your graduation!!!
Should your resume match the qualifications and experience of any of our job openings, one of our experienced recruiters will contact you.
PLEASE COME TO IRELAND SOMETIME! much love xo
Yay! Hi! Glad you like the pic.
Muhammad chooses UCLA.
i love the remix of sombody to love :)
we're you the smart girl in class? If so you would have hated me. He sleeps through class and gets an "A" WTF!
finishing dinner for the boys, will come when done
fight me
Aww, you're crying because of that song? Aw, hfjdkfjhgf. You're to cute. hgfkjhgfjdks. ♥
#CyberMonday hourly deal - Save $500 on a #Disneyland Package (through February) and get a free $50 Disney Gift Card! Call us at...
Not watching that hate mongering cretin. Shame on you,
why is it always when I'm not working celebrities come into veggie grill?
After all these years your just NOW following me!?! Sheesh.
-Ironman or Hulk? :D
BIG thanks to the readers of who have made #Buffalo's "BEST RADIO PERSONALITIES" for an unreal 8 STRAIGHT YEARS!
Rip Hamilton wears so many accessories I don't see how moves when he's on the floor.
I do, too, and others than taxes and MCLE, you can't say that ;)
RT Support Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society! We'll be selling tamales (beef, pork, chicken) rice & beans in front of student center!
Google's Jules Verne logo deserves to be a #TT - the #UX responsiveness feels "underwater" in a very pleasing way.
my net is down-mayb I can bring my beats to da studio,if its possible
Thank you for the mid week hello!
Thanks! [checks in the mail ;) ] RT : logo design is great!! Very talented and does high quality work!!
Wait i just forget wat iwas about to say...
A jealous woman does better research than the FBI. Lmao
Relaxation and motivation create success
lamb will backup the point and miller/gilchrist can give you some mins at the 2. Spot mins from beckham 2nd semester at both spots.
awesome news! Congrats!
I just saw a Chris Brown lookalike, he was sexy !
haha, do you skype with people on there birthday
i absolutely love your new EP! Cant wait for the album xx :)
Thanks homie.You see the flyer? We're going in!!
Todaii is my b-day and if u follow me i will give u a follow back :D
Cuz' shit might pop off and if shit pop off, someone gon' get laid the fuck out.
hi austin that was beautiful<3 #saysomethin omg asdfghj
This sleeping pill is startin to kick in 🌙
It is Jan 2010 and the credits for buying and selling homes goes away in April 2010, THE TIME TO ACT IS NOW. Call me 585-455-2443
Skyping with !!!! ALWAYS puts me in a better mood whenever i see her face! :)
Please telling me you're watching Weaver's no hitter
aint that the truth
yeah right
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
THERE'S a shock.
not sure how I unfollowed you and but fear my iPhone neophyte'ness is to blame. ;)
Music on the patio with Three Chord Rodeo cancelled tonight due to cold wind. We will def have them back next season!!
2012 and 2013 Volkswagens Preview by Carey Russ +VIDEO
. Oops RIP Donna Summer without the s at the end.
Illinois Senate panel votes down pension reform measure - Chicago Tribune
On the floor rolling! cc
thank you! #FF RT Have a good one
Yeah but still, it's been bugging me for a while now. I think they just gave up after finding that out.
Treating myself to a double-cupped coffee at my fav coffee house on earth, at home in the 585 with my dad and uncle Jeff. Boom
i make this sore throat my bitch.
WHATS UP PRETTY LADY SO HOW WAS YOUR NEW YEARS EVE I KNOW IT WAS MAJOR
Hey Dolls! Whatcha doing tonight? Seeing Of Dolls & Murder at the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art?
Can they be hugging? RT : Naked RT : #ThingsThatINeed More photos of on the beach
Goodnight everyone and peace! 8)
have a great Birthday weekend G3!! God bless
let's get some starbucks ! 😉
u wanna go to jail or u wanna go home#training day
Now my fingers swollen & knt move : (
Uh oh - will do. Thus far it's making the bus commute go faster, which I will take!
Wedge issues divide,that's the purpose ,we don't have to agree on Everything. The news ALWAYS want a fight, they make$. The Other side wins!
#humantrafficking is an underground industry. Its hard 2 get exact stats on ppl U cant find
Sharing ideas at #upstream2012: Seek opportunities to implement programs and use of apps at existing school gatherings.
shaving points > shaving pussy
i thought they called you. I almost shouted lol
on Austin City Limits. Awesome!
😂😂👍👍RT : My feelings for you, no words can tell... Except maybe, "go to hell."
Hopefully today will go by fast cuz I miss my bed already
Hoorah!! All hail the Rae!! :-D!
storming super bad out in northeast ohio right now . Here comes 2012!
one costume id love to see in is his birthday suit...so sexy
Cheers to All-Star Weekend, I'll drink to that ya ya!
Jahahahahaha u rite ill be sure to watch my back
just another birthday was flawless. Ugh, so amazing <3
I hate how last year my school gave field trip forms for Senior skip day and not this year... This is so unfair!!
IN the mall?!? Omg..
Saw a billboard advertising weaves described as "virgin" hair...and the opposite of virgin hair is...?
RT people are now chanting "down with the dictator" and "God is Great" on the roofs.
everytime I step in that class in get a headache.
I ask alot of questions ..
Holy god this woman drives so slow.
Today's the day we find out what we are having, just a few more hours to go.
get one?
I have a mission
Neither candidate really answered the question about bringing recycled water to North County.
OK, so or Koriente! Thanks!! Maybe I'll drag the #pubmedia folks there this aftn -- ur welcome to join
Upgrade from Drupal 5 to 6 ... someone must've installed the bug generator module ... **%&%$!!!
Well, industry has a weaker overall defense (noncommercial edu use significant) so might be hard to maintain united front there.
it's def crystal!
watchin Rachel Crow's performance singing Justin Bieber's Baby and singing along.
Some people are so ridiculous
my dad was fucking pissed off (he was designated driver b/c he doesn't drink)
yeah either you do or you don't. I love it. I just hope it's not my destiny.
Wake up rocking: 'Spring Awakening' a fresh, musical take on tale set in 1890s
But isn't the point that we can't roll back the stone on our own? When they came to the tomb, it was already rolled back!
did you guys enjoy? Feliz?
SHOUT OUT TO OUR OPERATIONS MANAGER Fred J. Sweet!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Too cold over here in Dallas :(
Good for you! Maybe we'll join you for walk!
I can't give away your costume! I can't wait to put you into a costume contest this year :)
I think she wanted to clear it out so she could have 1st pick of the bargains. It worked.
their rookie being on IR already & Beanie & Step-Howl listd as Q, who's the RB for AZ?
love peter pan lol
Cliche to say it at this point, but, sorry, it's true: is some kind of genius. She's like Jane Austen-cum-Mary McCarthy
. Agreed. We need to help our women get more book learnin' so they can put on shoes and get out of the kitchen.
Temple vs St. Joes at the Pollestra
Found us!
It was bound to happen, I guess.
Current bid is $1500, do I hear $1600?
#thatmoment when somebody twitpic a picture of their food & it look nasty af. ha.
Great! Thanks! Can we upload the pics? I'd be happy to help or do that for you.
only the prompt. And I have the app. I understand the extra step, but speed kills. What's the click through? 50%?
shrink wrap sealer and poly. crimper?? Demos? Where to buy?? Suggestions appreciated.
Hahaa everything you tweet is so relevant to my life :)
thanks :) she looks soo beautiful :)
thanks man it definatly was
Let's get it son.
i like this guys work. found him through various links randomly. very glad i did. super cool.
TONIGHT Ub's Restaurant & Bar(live Music Venue) Cheap Drinks and Dope Hip Hop all night with DJ DBX of the World Famous Versatile DJ's...
That would be lulz. "DONT LEAVE. WE'LL UNSUBSCRIBE YOU FROM CAT FACTS, PROMISE"
who was so kind as to give you those lovely flowers?
Tell your man how sexy he is, take him out to the movies sometimes he likes it just as much as u do
They'll be fine. They have to be fine. We're a-ok..
Feeling slighted by Google. No Wave invitation for me. Did I offend Google when I used Bing one time?
Come on Knicks u can't go out like Dallas!
The Exlibris Mid-Atlantic (EMA) regional user group meeting will be THIS evening at 5:45pm in the Omni Fort Worth 2
Pinapples in (KEVIN HART VOICE!)
no-u check ur email!
Which son borrowed money from his parents for college?
Woops. Apparently that was my second birthday invite I made
Gonna go hit the gym right now !
Got to wonder why Fitworks would bring a case of Red Bull to AHS to give to student athletes. Sorry Fitworks, we promote work not gimmicks!
been done. Austin Powers.
Anytime. hi there☺
when are you playing at dim mak?
This is some BS
Thanks for the RT Caprice!
right ?! I never ride anything a meth-head can assemble in an afternoon !
"Your Face Is like A Poem"
Damm #stanthonys has a bad azz basketball team... #10 already has 26 points and there only in the 2nd quarter. Top it off he's only 5'2!!!
Ha ha ha I want a champ shower bath! That's two in one!
First pick or not, A-Gon going from a pitchers wonderland to a hitter oriented ball park is going to juice his stats
mmkayy let me grab mah purse
lax site is looking awesome. Cheers. Total
"What concert tickets cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback" Bitch, You couldn't pay me to go to that shit concert.
One of my favorite pastimes on Twitter is when utilizes the fake RT trick.
are they texting "i'm having sex right now and it sucks"?
Cat + Veggie crisp = VERY unhappy kitty. Dummy took the cracker & was down the hall B4 he figured out it didn't taste so good after all.
Thanks for sharing your blog! I enjoyed the Mr. Potato Head story.
Told my husband I tweeted Ben, he says "Who? The guy with the hair?"
Taco is cute as fuck
it is hot as fuck i need me a cold beer or 2
Last Buckner = perspective = perfect
#modevux keynote take away ppl want "relevant, easy, valuable" deals - Mark Jamison, vp digital innovation lab, CapitalOne
you got it girl! I can't wait!
I can't stare t my monitor any more today.
Sometimes ghostwriting a Twitter is beyond stressful. Big comments made for a big group through your lens. Have to trust their trust.
Who gone throw a super bowl party?
More new beers! Feeling dazed and confused? Have a Hazed & Infused; packs a hop smack sure to clear out the cobwebs
4/17 Forgetting Lydia, Maesion, Fakade, New AC, and more at Finleyville Community Center tickets are $10 message me if you wanna go.
A girls night is wat i need so bad but everybody so busy now smh!
good morning! *am I offering real or invisible coffee? *
You Should Follow Me!! I'm sorry I keep buggin you dude... It's just that it would be creaking sweet if you followed me!!(:(:
In dire need of a touch from the Lord just let me know that you're there
Went with a late harvest Torronte's
what's the most inspiring piece of scripture to you?
Sandstorm Gold Recognizes Record Gold Sales and Operating Cash Flow of US$9.3 ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Apparently it is Crazy Day. Must have missed the memo.
For you runners out there...try RunKeeper for the iPhone and Android. Very cool. www.runkeeper.com
Lol i agree. RT : I always thought Papa Smurf had traits inherent to a cult leader
Promiscuous boy you already know that I'm all yours what u waiting for?
I knowww, this summer! (:
Following kinda sounds like stalking.. You follow me, I'll follow you back. Stalkers n-n <3
u r a font of wonderful information. Crop dusting's nothing. U should hear some of what my flight attendant friends tell me.
let's hope google assistant is not to siri as google+ was to facebook :((((
I'm so over everything at this point. I hate people.
Alright, sleeping pills. You can kick in anytime now... 💊
lol...love that you called me BuddahMom..son calls me that too.... ;-))
So I got a sample of Selena Gomez's Fragrance in the mail today . I Love the smell of it ((:
Catching up with my old bestfriends from ELEMENTARY. Omg.
Six years ago I was Baptized, Praise God for my transformation. I pray that My Father continues His good works within me. Vote for BA
Anyone get a chance to stop by our new Cranberry location? What did you think?
Fuckkkkk yeah w. for this whole semester 👌
he's so adorable awww
Finally off.
Tweeting I'm class
are parents so eager to get rid of their kids that they stay in a hotel the night before move in day? ...
That sounds gr8. 9 is such a great age! And there are so many great things to do in Richmond. It's supposed tobe a perfect day!
If anything else wants to blow up in my face today, I'm going to do the mature thing and pretend I didn't notice.
that sounds lovely
Definitely agree it's not just Twitter. Which question were you responding to?
Oh no, but I posted something to you today that I think you would be able to happily waste time on!
Never thought I'd see a video like this come from you. I really like the message a lot, love to sit and chat more about it.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING IM THANKFUL 4 AN AMZING FAM A WONDERFUL SON & AN EXTREMELY FULL LIFE LIV, LUV, LAUGH O YEA & EAT ALOT
wait, Zeus has a beard?
In San Diego an estimated 8,800 people are #homeless and 25% have mental illness. Housing Matters. Raise awareness! HousingMattersSD.org
So Fox showed all those videos and cut all the walkouts, yet they only left 15 minutes for a 25 minute fight? I don't get it.
Ribs the remix! #webequeing yeah e yeah e
Can you say 'snakebit'? Tyler Seguin splits the defense, comes in alone, square on the goalie...and shanks it. Not #Bruins night, or month.
That's true, you made me want to give you my spare change haha. I'm doing pretty well, making some splash here in beantown.
": In every innocent face there's a freaky side."
Good morning twitter land. What's good?
hideous on anyone but the model wearing it.
This needs fact checking RT : #pdx #mayorconvo -- in NY, only 33 times did police officer discharge weapon
Walkthru any hood counting a stack of money
I can't lie; I've probably done that to my hubby. Although, not with a cardigan.
Goodnight y'all!
Oh Downton Abbey, say it isn't so! I 'm in the middle of season two, and no longer streaming it online.
Today's #BookWhore Tip: One cannot create buzz about a book by being silent.
Our website has been hacked. Back online as soon as possible.
Nobody likes a rat
A little tired. But currently texting a new friend.
Hah, it was! I was getting mad.
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Stupid cancer.Some of us want a new car.A new cell phone.To lose weight.But someone battling cancer wants just one thing,to win that battle.
yes! Aha
I hate it. Mainly because my teacher is foreign and I can't understand his accent, and he sucks at teaching lol
So when are you gonna tweet me? (:
Drinking water from a wine glass. Because I am just that classy.
took out the ferrari last night? :P
WiFi! Canada! Toronto! Horseshoe! Horrid border crossings! Exclamation points!
What a great afternoon! Thanks to all who attended my chat about Theme Days!
our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than to look back
Rock and roll showed up for this #Grammmys — D'Angelo needs to come HARD this year and ride for Black music.
why cant the whole world speak one language?
welcome back, fellow traveler
at least Los Angeles is pretty sweet.
Happy Monday everyone unless your Garfield the cat who would say "I Hate MONDAYS "
Flying home from Boston to SD. Just a stop at JFK.
A little sweat ain't never hurt nobody! RT : High of NINETY today? Lolwut.
Great Advice, again.
my phone and i cant get on facebook so shut the fuck up
wanted to thank you for all your help! Tips and all your info has help me in the archery world.
What happened to that "off the grid" you were talking about?
jc using as his secret want to tweet it up?
hold on i'll show you :D
I hate when babies cry and their parents don't shut them up 😣🔫
It's not about what you did, or what you owned. It's about who you
None of you actually wants to be president.
When I start to hate they way your kisses feel...
be happy :D
So happy to have finally bought my first Sonic Youth record! Better late then never at all, right?
"The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.”
Car fire. Cool. 😒
Sunday will be first Mother's Day without my mom. No wonder I haven't felt like buying cards for anyone. #mother'sday
I just cooked spaghetti myself. 5 min at 50% power. It was great.
Can't wait for our show tonight with and at the crossroads church at 8:30.
Yeah, I think you're right.
Perfect night with the girlfriend. So good I pooped, twice.
It�s good to teach your child not to approach a dog they do not know without seeking permission from the owner first
Happy Mothers Day ♥ :)
Get the school year off to a great start! Chicago teachers get $20 off ANY service! Check out www.stepupfns.com for details
pork chops, country style mash pot and pumpkin stuffed with ice cream
WE DONT RAP WE PAINT PICTURES IM PAINTIN PICS OF U HATIN AS I TWEET
Settling down for the #FinalFour games. I guess March Madness goes on even without Duke.
Nationals relief P Ryan Matteus from Galt, CA making first career AB. FP Santangelo says he can be "best hitting pitcher from Sacramento."
Ugh. Just haven't felt right all day. Throw up or whatever already.
remind me tomorrow
too much so much my grandma & moms ran tha Chi! U don't no bout it!
Who do I gotta smack?
what happens??? lmao
Today's lesson from the medicine cabinet: mixing valerian root & Nyquil causes olfactory hallucination. But you'll sleep.
I love it! Today I decided I need to open a Cancun-themed mini-golf course and call it The Golf of Mexico.
Any #GOP staff or real estate agents looking for downtown Tampa condos or apts to rent during the #RNC?
. #FF Thxs! That's some pretty special company.
We gonna be rich forever
So true! “: The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. - Linus Pauling #quote”
Having great fun brainstorming with you
thank you for your kind words and support!
Welcome home my friend. Thanks for putting us on the map!! Hail to the Green and gold!! Buzz me.
Yeah, it's definitely not light.
what should I do to get a follow from you? ;))* huh... :D I can do anything<3
Infragistics is not being my friend today...
Spoken word artists! Come out to Thursday 11/10 for the Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-up 7p-10p! Follow us.
Violinist Duane Padilla's new website is up!! Stop on by and say hello! www.duanepadilla.com
Little by little, one travels far.
whats the best way to cook pig heart?
#ThingsWeAllHate having no link on dmoz.org, having the wrong info on dmoz.org, failed attempts to get a link on dmoz.org - Non vias control
Catching blue crabs in your friends canoe... you need to be safer than that.
Got so caught up in this question that I almost lost track of time! Ready to move on to the next question?
Does your business have Branding Standards for your logo, #ABQ? If you don't, you could be damaging your brand.
Hi D! Long time no see. Doing good, how about you?
really? a flip camera? is this contest for elementary kids? We don't do contests anymore actually.
Sending lots of energy to Have a blast at the Charlotte races this weekend! :)
Writing a script or novel? Think how the story and plot goals could be a series. If it sells well, you just keep going. Easier to market.
We are all being called to deepen.
Thank you for the mentions for this weekend's Artisans Fare!
sleeping with my mommy tonight :)
Just leaving the pool after competition water frisbee...this is what I love about summer. Woohoo!
Dear PDX, how did you like that double rainbow? :)
FL Senate Bill 1312 found "Favorable by - Rules; YEAS 9, NAYS 0". We are yet one step closer to guidelines!
Like that's a scary ass thing to think about. Let's be real.
The second floor of Mary's Ace Hardware is like Shangri La.
sure, np I'll bump it later tonight with some improbably witty comment about the basketball pic.
I was happy! #loveyougurrll. :)
Lol what a great tweet RT : Top of the burrito to you as well!
you're gonna drive me crazy you're gonna drive me mad
if you want to stop by the alma mater while you're in town I coach the combo and we'd love to have you man!
#MahomieMemories when Austin would actually remember NSD and eat subway on Wednesdays..
Deng hardly creates his own shot and doesn't beat anyone off the dribble, so for him 2 be successful #DRose has 2 be on the floor
I'm so uptight about crap that it's going to say, live life
You're probably the laziest person ever. :P
Follow me. Lupe Trejo actor,pro wrestler,film,television, entertainment RULES! Live,love,laugh.We are all different and unique.
"What's YOLO?" - Drake Bell
Tebow's interview on prob doesnt help him win the hearts of male #Jets fans....but the ladies - well they def wanna bring him home now
B & M Transmission, Inc. is listed with the Check out our B rating.
Awesome front range contmp quilt guild meeting www.artquilt.org meeting held monthly westminster rec cent
Captain Andy Hillstrand of Time Bandit on Deadliest Catch joins in 10 min.
no, social media means 2way media channel where dialogue is encouraged
Just found out I'm #6 on the Country Chart for Wausau, Wisconsin! Woo!
hope you enjoyed your cookies from ! Come back to Savannah anytime!
hey I watched JERSEY SHORE and I see your swag Has went up to 1,000,000,000,00,000
just came across a recipe for mole (mo-lay) with yumbutter in it. keep an eye out for it soon.
corporate lady who's working from here today waits until he walks away & them goes "he makes you nervous?doesn't he?"
Yeah, I think I'm gonna double dip.
55% of companies will make ratings and reviews a priority in 2010. Shop.org
Just finished these 5 papers, now time to prepare for this final presentation
Love correcting all the bills from the day before. This sucks. So much paperwork
You probably made the mistake of going to work, huh? It was up for a while...
Help a good guy out? RT : Looking for a good general doctor in N. Austin, one who takes pity on those w/o insurance. Anyone?
i wouldv walked out to bro
i dont know what you're talking about...
Come see us tonight at St. Lukes Fall Festival 180th and Greenfield :-)
Women's Soccer. Thanks Good Game
My love handles are sore...how odd.
then eat nukka
can I be in it ?
Two growlers from Turtle Mountain Brewery. Gonna be a good weekend.
totally agree, it's just a "me, too" offering
Just finished my 4/20 mix and rolled one. Sweet. Time to get on my level. >^w^<
black on black leather needs tint windows you can see it tomorrow I'm coming home :)
P. Diddy has a yacht now that's controlled by an iPad
I am the EMPRESS of starting over..it's like a mantle with me.
wait YOUR black shirt!?
#nw "Date Night"
Haha, thank you! They were delicious!! : damn girl you classy. Were they tasty??
Getting ready to go to work. Good things today.
Did I really agree to go to work at 4:30 in the morning on my day off?! What was I thinking?!
Like fat... haha
Hanging out at craft-commerce getting our drink on. Claimed a large table #mw2012 come join us!
What's Your favorite food recipe with beer in it? Post it to Facebook or email us!
agreed. a sacrifice this yr in order to get better in future.
": today is my birthday and it would mean so much if u tweeted me happy birthday!! And a I love you pic lol"
Everyone follow my cuzz He really is my cousin........
Well, at least Gaga made the Top 5. Congrats hun
did i have a chance to get u last year
Back at you!! Have a fabulous weekend!
High roller shot caller big boss
stay out of my shit. Bye.
It doesn’t matter how long you’ve known him. If he’s kept you smiling since day one, don’t lose him.
Don't forget that tonight at 6:30 is Brainstormer Pub Trivia at Cable Car City Pub. Come on in and win some great prizes.
Good cause : help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on through July 13 Visit espnradio.com
We gonna keep this #f4f real simple you dig...you follow me and I'll follow back.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Misread this as Peanut Jam Butter Man, by the way.
Blah. Dont wanna be home!!
good job with the gf bro
If you don't need sponges, Tarpon Springs is still a great place to buy olive oil and goat's milk sponges!
shut up
Join us in the Colfax Auditorium to watch The Big Year on February 11th at 2:30pm at the Main Library.
Tired Of Being Tired
Just went thru the same experience! What did we do b/4 them! Lol!
Ive found premature tweeting doesnt jinx soo- I potentially just got free tix to 2 nights of Jack White and Alabama Shakes in Nashville :-|
I'm just trying to get u me and tommy together atleast so we can get a practice in I was gonna see if we could jam at ur place..
thank you for the kind words. It's always good to hear that your message is working for people!! Means the word to me.
": yessir" gotta get with you before we bounce
#cancun in the AM mothah fuckaaahsss . With two ugly girls ;)
i followed Idox_Frenchyboy and you BieberHoodies!!!
If he's not willing to pursue you....
Take it slow
I believe that will win!!!!
So thankful for the people in my life. That's it.
At first glance I thought Mark Gromley was going to be a she. This videography is something to be desired
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
thanks for "favorite" on one of our tweets
You're welcome ! We hope you enjoy our sushi and Asian Fusion cuisine.
Terrence Jones a beast in the first half. Go Cats!
she is really cute. I have a bias to my nieces though, as I should!
same here :'( so sad!
Taking every step, with a purpose
I will be using square with a band that tours. Selling merchandise in each venue.
Pre-game my place??
#4wordsbeforesex you're under arrest, bitch
Is anyone else having trouble with Google services on Apple products? Google search, Gmail, calendar not working iPad.
you're welcome
Off to the to do some work
Dont Lose Your Home to Foreclosure, We Work Directly with Banks to Short Sale Your Home at No Cost to You. Scott Benson Realty 972-249-7219
Hahaha #CrazyGirl but love ya x
smile it helps u not kill him
Men set around 2gether talking about what they would do to all these hot women they see daily. Women set around talking about the men they..
that's really strong. bold. you know.
just read your Five and Two post on your blog and was so moved this morning. what a gorgeous place to have a ceremony!
$2.95 OFF Doorstep Delivery! Get your food delivered for you corporate meetings, Lunch, and dinner. Only w/ a
Got a prom dress, wahoo! :)
whenever I see a water top open, I put the lid back on. A poor sap could fall in, get hurt and they'd pay for all medical bills.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a Thousand & One reasons to smile"
I really need to see u and just hug u
I want people to have like side aches and shit
Seriously it's in his Jr High yearbook
time to go to Revel for the big brunch party the rocks new york. then to wine tasting, then to hot soul music with dj moma!
Tip of the day: If you want to go biking but you have a ponytail then alls you got to do is wear a ponytail helmet.
it's not even that good.
Constantly amazed by the awesome talent and get-it-done attitude of the team. Da-uhm!
Beams says clear to be wholesale leader bc of capacity.
Already knew a little bit about it from my time at Amtrak, but it's awesome. Acela has GPS, other trains can use iPhone.
Thanks for the comment, The cover features Pres. Obama. replaced Pres. Obama with Pres. Buchanan.
Don't forget to account for meetings, "X number of meetings and anything over that is at this rate."
clarify, please.
How how how is the weekend already over?? I need 5 day weekends and 2 day work weeks :)
Just watched Penguins win! I really hope the Penguins win this series, I would seriously debate hitting up a Stanley Cup final game..
yes I was!
im so sorry about angel</3
an I need a good chant any suggestions?
#middleschoolmemories 5th period was pretty much a success... #enoughsaid 
Hahaha. Well i have been meaning to see newsies on Broadway....that's far away/densely populated enough for me haha
What a great #Bluetooth #UPF. Wish even more companies decided to test interoperability this way...
So true, So true.
saw our house next year!! 1111 Bowen!!!!!!
Remember when Zak Showalter wasn't athletic enough for the major D1 level? ha.
Rolln up another L I write a spell when I'm woozy.
I am fucking done with every single person in my household.
And finally, the little bit of choreography at the very end of "Cry for Me" between Frankie and Joey.
I hear that. Avatar was the best 3D I've experienced. And I'm sure, call me crazy here, that Ridley will crush that mess.
Police and fire officials investigating possible train verses pedestrian incident near bypass.
ha ha, no am not following u. I hired people to do that! ;)))
get on it if you want me to be able to travel all over the world with you and buy you dinner at salad bars. STAT!
Forgot it at the ranch. I'll tell my pops to bring it up Sunday. We're going the the NWSS rodeo! Git r done.
#Exposed Fraudino is on that biblical shit maybe one day he'll grab reality by the balls
Not only is an entire planet throwing a party...... It's a progressive!
I will (: great!
Aw you got some on deck?
Yeah, things are going great. Enjoy the day!
thx for RT of my Alain Touraine plea. I'll let youknow what I find out!
What song is that cable sports network overusing this year? Thank god there isn't an appropriate Flo Rida anthem
I had to take my bp med she got my blood pressure up
I just realized that I get all of my news from the show. I need to get out more.
I'm pretty sure his campaign is dead.
oh gimme the beat boys and free my soul i wanna get lost in your rock n roll and drift away
I enjoy eating
If you want: Tips on what to say and how to ask meaningful questions at the fair, follow the #TeacherSearch hashtag
I saw it 2 weeks ago and commented on it
True that Keys and sunglasses work 2
I'm trying to look like a lobster & I don't even care.
Teaching at a slightly better time this summer. #sometimesit'sthesmallthings
yes, went to Valencia. Beautiful place. would def go again, just working my way thru pile of paperwork and washing.. boo!
Sure, but that has nothing to do with Brandon Marshall himself is saying.
have fun!!
It's almost #firstfriday & #FriAt5! Can't wait for the festivities!
not gonna talk ill of the dead, but it wasn't Steph
I fucking HATE the song call me magbe
Oh snap! Chris Brown won an award. I just throw a chair out of a window in excitement.
Go Cubs Go!
I totally had the same thought! RT Oh how I wish I could send this to the person without it being seen as creepy.
Cookie brought me Starbucks at 5:30, I'm gonna be off the hinges all night.
I'd still let him have it.
Miss you too Annie La!
congrats of 14 million follows. You deserve every single one! :') <13
I won't. I'm having Siri remind me. She is a huge Eva fan she told me.
oh-oh you remember my bday/spring training/beerfest trip from last year, I hope my tweets were lady-like!
imma DM you a sneak peak of new songs i have for the project give me the email
have a great flight!!!
WSB-TV special on Emory's Old Kingdom mummy. "The Forgotten Mummy"- 10/23 at 7 p.m.
Congratulations to all the women that work hard to be mothers, double congratulations to the women that work hard to not be a mother as well
For those of you who forgot, here is the reminder once again... I HATE MONDAYS!!! Thanks for listening :p
awesome, can`t wait to buy one ! [:
aye, you got yours, back up and let us be happy.
yeah i know! Thanks dude! I'm to mad right now
posted lost dog on Facebook! Heard she was found?
ESD is turning into Fez....ugh
So excited for my YMCA football teams. They have done so great in practice and I know Saturday will prove to be an exciting game day :) Let
RT : come over and make out... I mean hang out with me...
When we keep rehashing the past that's like a dog eating its own vomit: unhealthy & nasty. Spit it out, clean it up, & keep it moving.
I have been hired by to organize their social media and can't track down the person who has this login. What can I do?
you got me pinching myself do you really look like that can i see you close up
Happy Mothers Day mi amor!
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke.
"The minute I'm out of town / My friends get sick, go back on the sauce / Engage in unhappy love affairs (Philip Whalen)
I'm "digging" the new Spring Seasonal you came out with, m...
BRONZE SCULPTURE!
They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care
all I've done all day is wait for clients to get back to me. I want my Sunday back.
Wowee...the ancient Greeks could be lascivious and indecorous... Hipponax's and Archilochus's poetry was quite vulgar and lurid...lol
ha! I just saw it. Thx!
Im about to throw this computer against a wall!
RT : "When we say navigate, we really mean understand."
Wide Receiver RT : Free Safety RT : tough love question : what's yo favorite position ?
That's Awesome (:
