Keith, welcome to #CreativeGood. Let us know if you have ??? Love the Awesome Foundation idea. cc
has Sarah Jessica been taken yet?
Come check us out on Facebook!!!!!!
"Winner: Best Short Film" Directed By: Peter Meech "Cockpit: The Rule of Engagement" * Directed by: Jesse Griffith
A table is a very necessary part of a #workwednesday. Time to find a big ol' table for today!
How does it feel to be a Green Bay Packer?
Haven't played a game of football like that in forever
Naw not really!
Cool Positive Force benefit show at St. Stephens
in some art the number of different acts taken by the artist adds up to an experience of sensation rich and vast and in other work up to nil
you should probably accept my request so we can tweet with and
Goodnight from Orlando
and i were just talking about you are russ. you guys gonna be able to roll at all this summer?
"Detroit Wild City" film at Architecture Film Fest makes it seem as though Detroit is an empty city. A poetic exaggeration.
Working on my first film, would love to meet you someday, you are one beautiful woman, hope you live forever!!! Lee
that's what Lizz tells Christian because he's a puppy and doesn't know better
nice to see you here Eric. I'm now semi-lame and not here often either! Maddie says to tell you hi
I'm so happy
her ears peirced!!
Well deserved! Marvin R. Shanken Inducted into James Beard Foundation Spectator: https//www.winespectator.show/id/46770
Smh anti-social.
nice, nice.
It's our 3 month today! Just waiting for the ring on my finger
OMG amazing convo w - turns out they're Bills fans too! We talked about Jim Kelly, Mario Williams & the MSP Bills Backers.
I would but I think you're perfect and you doing everything just right(:
we're always open to applications. Stop in and fill one out, we're working on summer planning right now.
Not there for me during my struggle?...don't expect to hear from me once I make it...
Haha I used to go there when I was little, ugh I'm so desperate to find a job, if you here about anything let me know! Lol
yea.. lol its really good tho.
Glad you put this out. Interested in Alshon too.
“: #Leo's are fighters for lovers.”
Hey Man, is my driving ok? I think we're parked, Man.
and it shows. Lol.
hungry..hhmmm..any suggestions fa healthy food?..GOOD healthy food lol..plz keep in mind i hate healthy food lol..wish me luck lol
A long day of hard work relaxes me all I need now is a Miss to hold a nigga
Eco-friendly coworking space / incubator for new social enterprises and nonprofits in Georgetown with discounts for students
hell yeaaahhh! i know its bee a long time since i had a party over at my place! im excited!!! we're making jello shots and more
You gotta constantly re-invent yourself, stay fresh, create, and be innovative. ORIGINAL
Is that a song about Paris Hilton?
Jake's Back in!! RT : Yates is staying out. He's back on the sidelines. Jake Delhomme will handle the job at QB for Texans.
oral assesment in french. LET'S GO.
So much fun hanging out with childhood & new friends, but it's time for AUS --> SFO via LAX
I'll be there.
Ut-oh. Can we help with anything?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME!!!!! CUZ I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER TO FOLLOW ME!! SO HURRY UP
Well I just slept 6 hours and haven't written a rough draft for VU.. bad time to be sick. No school tomorrow, I think.
Having serious conversations through text while sitting on the toilet. Naked.
ha! Hadn't heard of it till just now.
Terrible Twos tonight! Man they are AWESOME!
He just made me smile. (:
Just back from Mexico City, and what a wonderful, fascinating city -- I recommend a visit to a great town with an undeserved rep!
Eli and I are going to be making Baby Jesus a banana cake for His birthday.
What the People want, the people get!
Hey nice video! You know you can add text to the screen via youtube editor. Good for putting up phone numbers and web addresses.
#Tents are an expensive temporary solution. There's a choice of prefab shelters from all over the world. Why the push for tents?
why not?
let's go do some yoga again.
haha I like working out.
Waiting for Slick Rick to hit the stage. They are having a dance off on the stage on the meantime. Priceless.
any chicago based drupal designer/devs looking for a small project?
Why seven. exactly?
what new Marti Perkins I have a uncle who a Lawyer
Being banned stinks!! :( Good night moon. xoxoxo
hahaha yeah... :p
let me stalk you omg
Library Journal #love! Thank you for being there for librarians.
Wouldn't safety include smaller class sizes and more school personnel. Let's stop talking the talk and walk the walk, shall we.
nice, working on my first got some catching up to do
Hello Rudy. Thanks for following us and enjoy our selection of videos. Regards, YouTubeMustSee.
shame on her
Waiting for some gloves to drop between the #Clippers and the
hunny be real (:
6 Grammy Nominations including Album of the year ! Foo Fighters
follow ! you'd love them! :)
More friends more support dats wat I want so message me if u wanna make dat happn n if u cool ill message u bak ;))
congratulations buddy may God help you on your journey to win super bowls for the #pats #rings RT?!?!
Honesty only ever get's me in trouble. :/
Idea for a game: a GTA-style sandbox game in the age of the dinosaurs, where you play as a T-Rex.
That's the Metzger luck. The Metzger luck.
Awards assembly... Im freaking out... Wonder what my award is..
I know ^_^
Don't be afraid to pitch your wildest idea.
A, in Ancien Regime France, eating good foods and vegetables from your garden was more a sign of education and urbanity.
Group hug and some dap! Lol
Aye bruh...what's the chances of me getting a probono verse from you from a fellow Carolinian artist?
Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.
Sometimes autocorrect is the funniest part of my day.
You're finally packing!! :) lol
and I passed a big bunch at Houston/bway with their police friends
Good morning everyone have a nice day......<3
I love block party weekends on it's going to be a great weekend
Yeah baby!! The first day of #Browns training camp open to the public will be Sunday, July 31!!
Who's that giirrrl? Come see the Hottest Women in Comedy tonight , with and !
he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew
so sorry just seeing this message. Hope things are well with you
- Cool! It's gonna be great!
glad you like it. I luv Seattle.
I hate when my weekend doesn`t go as planned :/
hey tweet for school
I bought these passes and I cannot get anyone to tell me how to cash them in for tickets. This sucks!
late for hell, might as well take my time
good. I know! We played phone tag like it was what's hot! Next time though for sure.. You good?
whenever i hear carole king i think about third grade and some play we had to sing in music class. i think it had to do w cats and spaghetti
let's do IT
Thank you to all of my followers for spreading the word on this #FF. #GoPackGo! Is it football season yet!?
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do!~T. Harv Eker
Mom has Job interview :) The Chef is working her way up !!! ^.^
Hm. Feet that make their own gravy.
Made the discovery that there was not just one large bone in the hand, rather many small bones
Johnny depp and Tom hanks and Harrison ford are actors who don't need to take on already popular projects.
Council members will meet with CMSD's Eric Gordon tomorrow from 9-12 (at CMSD) for more discussion on Mayor Jackson's new schools plan.
Wish my ear would stop acting up.
about to have our much awaited spiritual discussion night with the Arabic speaking Muslims in our apartment complex! pray for God to move!!
I am SO happy you shared that. Another Flack twitter gem
thanks John. Hope you had a great Easter and that all is well
For those of you in Cali that can't make it to Vegas, check out Toyota Speedway Irwindale on Saturday night...fan appreciation night.
I really need a hug right now!!
Law n order #SVU marathon bby
"Pimp Chronicles" is actually the scheduled name for President Obama's post-presidential memoirs...
Rocking tonight.
Didn't realize how hard it was to get a job in LA. Really wish I could get unemployment.
4 hours outdoors, ready to crash on the couch
playin video games with the boy
-__- I got yelled at during Civil War today . LOL
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
it would be hard to say... I'd have to know more info... I know these situations.
that's crazy I thought was gay! Anyhoo sounds like will be on the move again!
Thanks we called apple and we are getting a new one !
Im living for as tristan on #degrassi. Its abt time this show got a proper queen.
Where did you find that information?
My henchmen, they linch men.
Just Touch Down In Oklahoma
how about "green" piggie?
Every time I talk to you, I feel different...
Just finished finished first round of revisions on a new script. Doing the happy dance and celebrating with homemade ice cream.
I'm going with family I'll be back in a few years once I'm out of school though just to go out and hopefully go to tomorrowland!
After #rhymecal NYC at the Bowery the #WheelOfSkillz has accrued 161 official games spins & counting. Lining things up for Dec as we speak
Right back at you !! Thank-You for the follow !!! :)
ugh. People are just dumb.
np - stevie wonder's songs.
but let me write because I'll go crazy if I don't...
that's okay..now that you know, we'll have some fun stuff ahead, I am sure. :-)
oh cool, btw I'm 18! Seriously this is the life.
Watching Black Devil Doll...
When people talk to you like you actually care :(.
thanks, Hannah! Enjoy your afternoon!
Specer Hawes with the all-time shortest presser ever.
"The hour of the wolf is the hour between night and dawn during which the wolf is said to lurk outside people's doors (Between 3 and 5 AM)"
crap. forgot about waiver order, somehow. Even if he had the chance, he'd mess it up.
#ICantStandPeople Who Put Others Down Just Because...
Am I the only person who has nightmares where all my teeth fall out?
equals rights means equal rights. Hope NC joins the 21st century
R.I P to My Brother My Friend, My Dude for 17 Years Kevin Weekes. We'll never fully know the legacy that you left. You'll be missed
my mom got me wayy closer to the stage for the concert(:
let us treat u 4 a change as reading your blog, was as if I had written it, I know how it is when u run around for everyone else
Dear snow, go fuck yourself.
#np one little indian (Jay Dee Remix)
Graduating from SWC in May? Don't forget to order your cap, gown and tassel at GradFest, 9:30am-6:30pm Tuesday-Thursday at the Bookstore.
Help us reach our goal of 200 #Twitter followers! We're almost there!
The dance turned out to be better than expected! Had the greatest time w| everyone...I'm going to miss all of you guys. <3
o i got some pink fuzzy ones to ! lol
I learned about that. I learned about strategic voting in a parliamentary system. And major media discounting strategic voting.
www.facebook.com/wetultralounge then hit the LIKE BUTTON
Holy nuts it is a monsoon outside. Wowzers.
Happy 7th #Birthday, !
it's always a nightmare!
I seriously LOVE , (even if V-Nasty has her crazy moments) & !! <3 xoxo
I like yo prediction i'm team Texas, however I the fight N Paul RT : I'm picking #SAS in 6games over
Lets Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow.
unnecessary I think!
so 106&Park is still trending? No one curr!!
Never again, I've watched you change with time. Your heart is filled with cold, your mouth is full of lies.
Up Wit Bay Fina Roll Up A Doobie Then Iff To Bed!
Is there something wrong with me?
Knowing you have to study but the feeling of not wanting to kicks in
Twitter account is up! There'll be times when we drop some knowledge; there'll be times when we ask for it. Stay tuned for updates...
I'm thinking Dani is going to win #HOH, I remember how long she lasted in the finals....in the cold and rain
Every single contestant did awesome on !! Awesome performance
"SSH is like the matrix." -
Lord Ganesh Sandalwood Carving 40% Off Today Only
you bet! sundresses! :) And Palmetto would be more private so we should just try there I guess!
Woohoo Trolley Stop. Its fun as usual. We are pumping like its standard house music between sets.
Something to think about over a glass of wine RT : "Success and rest don’t sleep together." - Russian proverb
WOW! IT'S FOR ME??! This is great! I love it :D Thanks so much! This is great! <3
Wish we could have two versions of every book. e-version AND actual book.
oh, and I broke down and ordered the travel stick you recommended yesterday :)
That bitch got pink eye RT She so cool she give head wit her shades on 😎😎😎😎
yes sir, bout to be back in the ATL with Gibson, gonna finish the album up
People need to shut day hot breath self up
Thanks again for the epic night of UFC action. I just wish 3 of the 4 matches weren't 10 second TKO's.
This reddish orange color isn't for me tho..
next time pack your piggy ! Silly goof! Piggy loves the boys too!
Difference between Mitt Romney and Ron Paul supporters: Romney- Anybody but Barack Obama. Paul- Nobody but Ron Paul.
Intel says 75+ Ultrabook designs will be available, they'll include multitouch and Siri like capabilities with Nuance partnership
Wats Good Baby &
ebelfastmum Type the PTA mins after the meths? Look, surely your folks have an actual drinks cabinet to raid? Or go to the cinema?? x
LMAO Freese is bleeding!!!!!!! That's what happens when you try running into Geo ;)
Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA ! Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines! Stay Tuned! -The TV.
good afternoon
Just stop going SO SLOW!!!
Hot enough to bust out the summertime recipes - potato salad for dinner!
Hope you're enjoying Norman! If you'd like a fun dinner place, The Mont is a great place to go! Get a swirl, it's delicious!
Lakers are pissing me off right now
yah, kinda hoping for people followers lol!!!
If u knew what I knew bout Sakio Japan...u'd pass it on every mall extravaganza...
No sex only checks
I'm more concerned about out team names than our lineups
got to sleep it. felt great(:
Submit your great #edtech lesson plan or assignment to for a chance to win a copy of CS5 (via & )
Hung himself in an abandoned barn. Six weeks before, his friend David Dilling hung himself from a tree behind a church. THEN one of David's
And now, to write my dissertation! LABOR PRODUCTIVITY.
welcome to the twitterverse & are good people!
Best wishes and warm thoughts...smart boy like you must be all full of good ideas, she be lucky to have you !
oh seriously that means so much ☺
I wana go on a date tonight
wishes you all a Happy New Year!
On my way to get things set up at Walgreens for !
Forcing myself to do TDD this week. Results in more and better unit tests for sure but also carpal tunnel.
": Easy bet" assuming shows
Inspector Gadget is on #hulu - the 2d animated version from 1984!
Omg help me my son is driving the car
What it do FB Tweet peeps it's on and crackin in the hood today!!
Are there neighborhoods or topics you'd like us to do more on?
god i miss simon cowell
Watching the bachelorette in sociology.
I know right, how cool is that donkey. So glad you liked it.
Promises are overrated. Don't promise me your going to do something just do it.
Cant go wrong with will be there tonight. They always put on a good show.
Latest Fantasy Baseball Injury News: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
I believe in music therapy.
Celebrate Elizabeth Bishop, NYS Writers Hall of Fame member, Centenary Event Thurs, 7/14, :30 PM Monument @ Madison Sq Pk .
I'm hooked on Google Maps now.
Can I please have Timofey Mozgov's sick blue shoes please!
what's good my dude?
Fuck you and your little walmart crew! GTFO faggot! RT : Looks fantastic, see that profile
Find the Future looks awesome! Such a huge endeavor with great results. Well done.
I swear (when it rains, it pours) I can't wait till I'm in Houston on saturday
I just realized the last dance the boyz dance to on season6 was pitbull, and so was the song they came back to was!
I only went 1 out of 5 days last week. I must go.
Relaxing while Leah is sleeping, and waiting for my bebeh to get off work. Miss him when he's gone. =/
December/Holiday product special: Buy 1 Redken product and get the second 50% off through the month of december. Happy Holidays!
why do i even try going to sleep early -_-
“: Much LOVE to the most AWESOME !!! thinks you ROCK...We'd be lost w/o you!!! XOXOXO” agreed!!
united airlines sucks. (It sounded more clever in my head.)
Yes, MKE beauty. We need the flowers. Crab apple trees in Tosa are beautiful right now, too.
Marty Turcos face must look like Mike Milbury to Sid right now.
The key to success is staying Hungry.
ohh i will unfollow you, in that account ;)
Skiing. 2nd day of yr. Wet.
FWIW, I don't believe Tomas Vokoun will head to the KHL. He will be in either Tampa or Toronto next season.
Today's Highlight in History: On May 15, 1972, Alabama Gov. George C. Wallace was shot and left paralyzed by Arthur H. Bremer while
Thanks for the #FF love, y'all :)
That definitely sealed the deal hahahahahah
Today is Sunday... So thankful for all of the current blessings in my life. This is going to be a really great year!
who the Fuck are you? Stopping stalking me Get a life...
Excellent question!
his arms ?
RT : looks like the final course: Apple Strudel ($ 7.95) served with Vanilla Ice Cream & a Caramel Sauce made in house
Hi Rob! I will look for and scan/send you the article tomorrow when I am in the office.
Coffee, Fry's, Breakfast
I love dance.....but im kinda over the whole ABDC show...sorry
I feel like such a stalker for knowing this.....
is wondering how many of you genealogists out there are planning a research trip or a roots vacation in the next year?
What's the trajectory of resolution and frame rate in the age of pixels?
Like losing this feeling
Ridin round in that lac w/ the seat leaned back AK on my side in case a n*ggas wanna jack... tell em!!!
Headding to niki's... love ..Dad..
King of Queens
The Dictator was funny!
We love this GE commercial where the cancer patients thank the people who create the products that help them live. It's so real.
HOUSE OF BLUES - ORLANDO - AUG 15 - IRRATIONAL - come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor.
night off from work. should be a fun one.
you were so fantastic on Thursday.
wasup i like your video
thai crab so delish, makes for a very merry holiday.
Social for Customer Service: it&#39;s About the Customers | thinkJar
EEk. That's unfortunate.
imperfection is individuality.
Back up to where I was -- tournament pace about to pick up going to 200/400 with 50 ante.
OMG OK...just got through the "room" and she signed the papers!! And he ya know *wink* with her lol
I can if you want, and is the livestream going on?
She was researching NJ & we threw in a little Jersey Shore for flare! :o)
Hey Rich! We too followed you back. Thanks for the follow.
Follow the Homecoming Committee at
hahahah did he say anything?
that's a good joke!
#313 showing some love for Detroit on this date!
When I was a kid I though I was the only person's feet who fell asleep and I would get so scared they would fall off
Came to church after a whole year
Immediately homeless: people would eat your house.
y u think that
So impressed with and - they just finished their 26 day camp out in Balboa Park!
cant wait for #BELIEVE!!! IM GETTING IT IN NOVEMBER THE DAY IT COMES OUT!! love u Justin!
Mi.Keys Milwaukee goes country tonight !!! Shows starts @ 10 !!! Bang Bang !!
RT : “No man is an archipelago!” ~Black Stache RT this WHOLE message 4 a chance to win 2 TIX!
Use Gourme Mist instead of Balsamic Vinaigrette and save 75 calories.
Am I the only one who watched Dino-Riders as a kid?
First part of being lazy during the summer is complete... now I need to go do shit lol
Sitting on the lanai, drinking longboard, and eating poke. Could get used to this of I'm not careful!
So can someone please explain who got arrested last night?
Come meet us tomorrow at in Olney! We will be there from 12-3pm! Bring your dog(s) for samples..see you there!
really enjoyed the new season premiere. Looking forward to the rest :)
Dude on the corner said "dreaming of a burger" lmao, that was a good idea
I love these T-shirts! Seriously great job I will wear your pins and t’s forever.
“Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” Emerson You know who you are!
it is! Gorgeous views :)
Unfortunately, we can't simultaneously record/stream presentations in 3 rooms at once. Follow #mims12 for updates, though!
Such a killer weekend ahead. Starting it off with girls' night dinner w and !
My door key just broke in two. Half in my hand, half in the unlocked door. Cosmic thumbs-up on agoraphobia? Or…
Hey David, thanks for the follow. And I've appreciated the links as well! Looking forward to connecting some more.
you will have to have a dance off. will maybe find time in our schedules to judge. , you just got SERVED!
U say ur gay but yet u date a girl tht looks like a BOY !? wtf is the point in tht ??? Y not jus date a fukn BOY !
I know my car is better then yours ^_^
I gotta stop tweeting my tweeps for just a sec to say R.I.Paradise to Donna Summers dang!! man
RT : Does FB #SherylSandberg have secret to family life, too? I debate with
Hearing is now the AD at is great news for the school. He was my prof at Great guy. Pilots got a good 1.
Congratulations! RT : just got a scholarship to ! the week is finally turning up
Water rescue boats just flew by me at Dayton and park. Any word on where they're headed?
Tweet It Juiceman
Whoa, how 'bout all those auto-tweets! ...guess I went on a badge-unlocking spree with this weekend. Good times!
thank you #WorthHiggins for the great #donation. We received housewares for #homeless families that are moving off the streets
Thanks for the follow nice website.
What the what!? A comedy short I directed will be in the Cannes Short Film Corner!
#Idontthinklikemostfemales and I def don't want to be like most females either to busy trying to be me follow me y'all
pitch & hold 1/2 the finish line for the sausage race at Miller Park on Aug 17! :-)
The first to follow I will follow u and others
you are THE cutest thing ever<3 my highlight was u randomly dancing to "glad you came" xD love u cher bear
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
I loved your free style song tonight. That was so cute!! Always a great time. You never know what to expect with you, lol.
I just went to Scotts to buy your cookie dough. Your welcome.
Didn't get it:( " I replies to u the other day. Did u get it?
follow please? ill give u a shoutout
jealous would be an understatement.
No likes you Charli...people just deal with you
Yay!!!! Let me know if you get a response :)
RT : Tagging content should happen when you migrate, the way you would when moving your home, labeling boxes.
A lot of work still left to do but I wanted to hang out with my BFF Richard at Starbucks
RT Thanks for the RTs! Lucky to have great librarians like you across the country.
fare aint the one playing #mw3 one of the people he's recording is playing
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
One more TD and #Rodgers sets the all time #Packer record for passing TD's in a season. He is tied with #Favre (1996) right now with 39td's
Thanks for RTs!
hello there =)
#HappyMothersDay to all moms out there!
When you wish for something, be a little more specific.
are u on the way to event in NYC?
RT : Thank you for the munchkins at #smss this morning! What a way to start a presentation!
Thinking of starting my own business...sba.gov makes me nervous anyone whose already done it want to give me some advice/tips
same with my phone :( but i try to use it when my bros on the computer.
What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare line.
that's how I feel about my car at tthe moment haha
I have emerged from the depths of hell. Everyone remember to wash your hands and take your AirBorn
The Black Eyed Peas went through a transporter and came out fused together as LMFAO.
Hey Everybody, if your looking for Fantastic Graphic Design Work for a Great Price contact
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." -- Robert F. Kennedy
that would require a basic level of emotion
Im always ready! Oyyyy!
nothn so far
handles haters so well. Learn from her. <3
lol. goodnight david.
oh, I got you! Haha
Yes, of course. I can bring it to you later if you like. No worries.
Good eye, man!
Pacific Hills Brandon Taylor scores 34 points BIG Time Sleeper 2012 PG
Collaborating with Rodger Annunson with Mindramp: Your Brain on Art.
No matter the purpose or occasion, we’ll help you create and preserve memories to last a lifetime.
when? Need em before Weds!
old Marina or new Marina?
you working out in you avi?
Cool sub tweet bro :) RT : quietly submitting my nominees for Billboard. but, if you know me, you know where the endorsements are.
why is he really sick?
Abdulaye Wade was too old anyway. The 50-year-old Sow who takes over is 35 years younger than Wade. He was Wade's campaign manager.
"It is during the day that we age the most. UV rays and pollution are the main enemies for youthful skin. - Jacques Courtin-Clarins.
walking to the bus stop to get the boys.
That was me!
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 2~~ 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching. 4.Listen to music. 5.Read a poem.
Best of luck to Dan Beebe, the shining star of Walla Walla Community College.
Just had so many phone calls, I am pretty sure my ear is sweating.
Yea I Did See That. I Thought That Was You.
A special thank you to and all who joined us for the wine tasting event yesterday, what a great time!
1st lesson learned using Jing on tablet: use external mic, not built-in where I can hear every pen scratch
WHY DROP A MIXTAPE WHEN YOU CAN DROP A ALBUM
"See I been waiting all day, for you to call me baby. So let's get up, let's get on it. Don't ya leave me brokenhearted tonight." <3
Charming starter home w/ wonderful character & great backyard. Near westside of #MadisonWi #OpenHouse Feb 26 1-3pm w/
-Of course doll! Happy to have you join #TrendsTues! xox
People think u made it when they hear u on the radio...
Cant wait to hear ur new songs
Its a forrbinden love im in. :/ #ilovehim. They need to just deal with it.
Had an amazing potato egg and cheese empanada from at today!
Thank u soo much!! :)
What's the deal with Melissa on #DanceMoms? She can't accept an engagement gift w/o her Atty's ok?
Reading #Nuggets #Lakers in-game tweets and the language Lakers fans use is embarrassing
Reminds us of ! "I want to do something creative, not just easy. " - Bach
ur a great dancer they just suck :)
Welp. I didn't win the lottery.
You need to change that. Like ASAP.
- LOL! Certainly a BAD job interview! LOLOL
I'm eating a vanilla milkshake. I am alive!
Hey Amy -Tea came today...you guys are the kings and queens of customer service! Thanks to all involved for the speedy delivery!...
“: Heard there was an important football game on right now.... Hum? #nflsunday ” Yep! Pulling for the 49ers.
Loved your post today, Mark! It really hit home with me.
We love shopping at Macys!
Have a traffic ticket. Come in to our offices located at 1391 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, FL 33323
damn nigga i wanted the pacers
MT: © on screen at #aas3rdcentury burns like the Eye of Sauron//That so many writers here agree is evidence of how broken © is
oh. it's almost midnight?
RT : BIG news everyone! We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
for the next 3 days, i'll be sitting for the bar and standing in faith
Shit just not the same I miss the 90's
EVERYBODY PLEASE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING & GO TO WWW.WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM & CHECK OUT SPEC FROM PRETTY RICKY & TELL ME WHATS WRONG W/ THT VIDEO!
Don't know if u fallow ur fans but would appreciate if u fallowed me! I'm a new fan. Heard a few of ur songs now I'm hooked!
never attends school... < < <
Listening to an informative and engaging Datatel+Summit Executive Summit Keynote address "The Happiness Advantage: Linking Positive Brains …
Thanks for the follow! Love the music!
Damn, I didn't know you could break dance like that
I think geeks is a more appropriate term.
No i didn't and damm the new jordan 10's came out today.
So full.
RT : Lisa Damon w/Seyfarth Shaw have to step back & look at root causes instead of just fixing problems
Great night last night good day today can my week get any better?
Hey Ayla fans, any fun weekend plans?
Stratfor estimated that the sizes of crowds in Tahrir Square have been wildly exaggerated & are probably only 1/10 of what's been claimed.
#StephanieMarch Mpls-St.Paul Foodie: Mn has the most food coop's per capita in all the US! How cool is that!
"Better to have loved and lost then to never loved at all"...i guess.
1-10, what are C.J. Wilson's chances of winning the Cy Young award this season?
GSP and Aldo on the same fight card!!! Already excited!
After months of hemming & hawing I finally decided to report my previous employer to OSHA for their bevy of safety problems.
What it do?
No sled guess I'll use card bored.
Hi there YOU. #Gratitude to you for following me!
Free pancakes>>>studying
Niñal: LOL but not really - Sun.Star
Can I watch? LOL
And where do think she going?
#TheyNeedToBringBack Devil Sticks and Upside-down 7Up.
#4. Badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger MUSTACHE MUSTACHE badger badger badger badger badger
Carmel delights why must you be so delightful?
Who would you rather hang out with, Tim Tebow or Troy Tulowitzki
After a busy stretch of shows across the region over the past 2 months, we finally have a few weeks off to recharge.
PRIMARY IS JUNE 6TH. THANK YOU FOR THAT POST.
good morning, how are you?
The boy name is Emmanuel but he's going out with a girl I noe at skool!every boy I want and fall for is always taken why me!!:[
Follow me, I follow EVERYBODY back!
I have cherry but I wan more!
shit happens but i still love my life!
Sometimes what strikes me about ideas is that it's not even about who has it first, but who has the capacity to implement it first.
Wat up Foxy
“: #nowplaying Big Pun ft - "Toe to Toe" We need pun back.”
Hella sucks when someone else's mistake effects you in a negative way and there's nothing you can do about it!
I think everybody in the Knicks starting lineup got at least 3 fouls, thats ridiculous man
follow back?(:
im in town with sum friends lookin for the party wassup!
This weekend
Left flyers on cars in the wild. 100''s yesterday morning. For more info, go to m14hoops.com
baaahhh almost over!!! i'm super impressed that i am still awake.
Shake that ass girl - Ke$ha :)
RT LinnyFbaby: F Mikeys n they cheap ass drinks with cheap vodka<damn all that Lin lol
This is. turning out to be a GREAT birthday(:
Hope Ya'll Are Having Fun :D
less than 1 year old. What brought on the boilerplate?
Justin wanted to be an surprise that's why she say so
Had a great SEO meeting!
We've missed you on here! I was going to email you earlier this week; how have you been?
how's your vacation? :)
Looks like another evening of bad officiating
Labeling boxes for the move: Books, Kitchen Stuff, CDs, All Sorts of Stuff-Open Soon, and Why Do I Still Have Magic the Gathering Cards?
Better be mad fa sum !
girl u too lame
THANX FA FOLLOWING GORGEOUS!
excited to see you tomorrow/Friday!
...honored to be a well-deserved reward 🏆
no wonder u wernt on Skype :x tx me on brens fone cuz he has mine ...
thanks hon. That means a lot to me. I'm gonna be back at MC this summer or fall. :)
Always have faith
ooh have fun!
fat ignorant black bitches.
working with the Heroku client lib - getting close to automated backups
It's okay. I forgive you!
Happy New Year, ! Can't wait to see how you Caucus on Tuesday. I love politics, admire yourself and my home state.
#oomf Gave Me Ah Birthday Present On my Neck :p
Yea glad to see you made it too Austi for
Awesome, thanks! I knew you'd be on it.
what time do u go ?
how's it going?
Moe's?!?! Be there or be square
No BET movies will be watched in my house
Hi Annabeth! Our dads taught together in UNI English Dept. Thought I'd say hi. Hope all is well, fellow Cedar Fallsian.
Anytime she finishes is good for her
thank you so much!(:
oh Lord, this doesn't look good for more than tonight
Chen Julie Chen is a very elegant woman. I love watching her show #the talk
cool it with the hash tags rookie
JJ did well vs AB in the post during the game Doc "gave away"MT : Sounds like Hawks are finally going to force Bradley on Johnson
Surkin at hard? ha haunted or summer though? summer right?
How ****ing long does it take cartilage to heal?...my ripped ear is still driving me crazy with discomfort and it has been three months now!
Life’s a climb but the view is great.
thanks, and happy weekend
I wish for small things
You still live in the #Bluegrass cuz?? Be missin me some #twizzle :'(
Hitting the streets.... Taste of Adams Ave.!
Is listening to Sergei Rachmaninov Piano Concertos Nos.2&4 as played by the London Symphony Orchestra while reviewing documents this morning
I wanna fuck her mouth.
can you imagine?:)
Congratulations to our friends on their A-List win!
DONT!!! draw Tank!
#Analytics Reports - Links to resources for creating effective reports?
Looking to up my musicianship. Anyone have any recommendations for bad habits I can take up?
#gift #wrapping for #christmas :)
Amen man Amen!
RT : The book does look good. Reviews have been excellent. There's a film too, isn't there?
RT : Are you a teacher attending the New York State Council on the Social Studies Conference this Thursday-Saturday...
Ron Sukenick thought info pros might be shy people
We have posted likemind announcements on Facebook, Gary's Guide and LinkedIn events - any other recommendations?
Discipline: Doing what you need to do, whether you feel like it or not... So simple yet so hard sometimes =)
everybody go on my youtube channel and watch my cool videos frederickhj13
Just put a 200lb trunk in the backseat of my car all by myself
C is for cookie, and that's good enough for me.
Sleepwalk by Santo & Johnny >
Ah, so now I know where you are ;-).
Hey, rebels, sorry for the lack of updates (except for the annoying Last.fm tweets), but we are back and ready to rebel!
I'm gonna tweet YOUR twitter.
Sounds like no set buffet. Go/order from wherever in hotel/elsewhere, according to Harbors Edge restaurant gal.
RT : I've seen that happen! RT : Q2) Overuse of metaphors can remove connection to the context.
ok. Enjoy
This is the only time i wish i was 21. >____<
when you ready an I got to get a location wit a piano
WE NEED TO BE LOUD! If you want to Legalize #Crowdfunding CALL YOUR SENATORS today!! They r STILL debating the bill in the Senate!
Hopefully the program is helping you to get a clu.
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl. I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
hahaha not at all....
oh damn!!! Hahahaha you look like the kid from Jerry McGuire!!
720 dudes a day keeps the carbs away.
this job is my last resort till i find something better without it im back to being homeless sleeping under a bridge
Yo got that fire pit set up! Mesquite wood grilled steaks soon!! Primo time!
it's alright love. It too will burn one day
3 Days Grace
other peeps almost as good as bacon
Many thanks for joining me on Twitter
When asked how he felt about his failures inventing the light bulb, Edison replied, "I now know 1,000 ways how NOT to make a lightbulb"
Congrats to ya on making TrueHoop - one of the very few ESPN sections I read w/any continuity. :)
#SavvyBrandingTip: Know your niche slice. Identify the slice of your niche pie you want to laser focus your marketing to attract.
Nez have fun in Jerezzz : - Jersey Bound! to have some fun with my boo boo
We hope the #AutismWalk in Doral was a great success despite the rain! Come see us afterwards for some great barbecue!
Laying n bed until I fall asleep
Good morning world
oh Chris, I'm so sorry. My prayers are with you and your family.
I don't think many human beings trust me to guard the safety of their children lol UF > FSU
reading from,his new book at launch. Full house, great book. Go Theo!
I love and adore you!!!
Heading to the #MAD conference with Hello #Spain!
follow us! we follow back!!! :)
Shooting with Allison Maslan!
I am grateful for all that you do! xxox
haha what the hell is she talking about? Haha
and I have a competion going on to see who can work out the most!
sucks to suck?
- if i had a dick i would pull it out & piss on her #nicki :D
I'm detecting high levels of sodium chloride in your system.
hahahaha...she must be watchign #Scandal too! Lol Leave us alone!
I wonder will Carla Bruni drop the midget if he loses the election.
You should check out the nokia #e71 blows the blackberry out of the water
RT : Smoke up mane!!
Giants Won! Melky! Matt Cain was a stud. Another 9 innings and only 2 hits. If we get Timmy going and Zito to keep it up oh boy!
What to do, what to do O.o
psa: the bananas are not ripe. Repeat: avoid the bananas.
Yeah i say things I don't mean when I'm mad, But can you blame me. We all do.
is rehearsing at Atlas Joy of Motion H St. today.
Good admin will find ways 2 help teachers help students they collab w/staff instead of thinking thy know all Must b open
you could always get crazy and use xamp's mysql and mamp's apache, or local mysql + mamp. lol, whatever works, right.
I went all out and spent $5. LOL
Peter pan was my absolute favorite ride when I was little, and I still enjoy it.
So glad you enjoyed the tour!
Lmao RT : That was definitely supposed to say THEY* but you guys are retweeting it already so eff it. YOLO
Peggy's art director was totally at sleep no more when I went. Actually cute in person.
I've tripped like fifty times after the game.
i love how corrected my grammar & changed "your" to "yer" when he replied to me
Wishing I could go back to bed! What a long day this will be.... Have a good one!
RT Under pressure only 4 QBs had a lower completion % than Sanchez ..... unfortunately for the Jets one of those was Tebow
Shooting tomorrow. Feeling strangely melancholy.
We want to grant you ONE wish! What would it be?
Love your picks! RT : Get your snack on!
you may believe my mouth/is a moon
Yea lots of BBQing .. Plus my Bday is the 31st so it should be a fun weekend :)
. Thanks for your response!
follow mee today that should be good!! <3
So far.... 30 is great- wonderful night with great friends and family- truly blessed
Pride is easy to see in others…Difficult to see in ourselves.
thanks boo...might as well try the OTHER way, lol RT : liking this ”youlovemeyet”....lol
lol I just said the same thing
do you not think I understand Spanish slut?!! :)
hate when people get mad at me hahah
RT : It's just that there is basically zero coverage of women involved in sports unless the woman is traditionally good-looking.
do we need a special request to get into this keynote?
thank you for the follows! I'm at my first annualmeeting!
Hi Clare - sorry to reach out via Twitter! Would be available for an interview on Sheldon Adelson for local L.A NPR station?
true art will always be at odds with the free-market capitalist system.
Endless man love for Gary... “: Tonight is why I am so proud to call myself a Terp. Love you Gary.”
Opening Day! Wonder if I can execute a parking scam like the alley kids do at Wrigley.
If you have a handicap parking pass or a rosary you should not be allowed in the fast lane. #55doesn'tmean45
like peter pan think positive thoughts of someone else. For every person that aint good for u, there are 2 that are!
I love this song
RT : Tied nick carchidi's shoes together backwards
Mark Romanek sounds a lot like George Lucas.
if you have it...in my case some old Xbox stuff I was throwing away...you are that much richer! Bout to get $75
What is there to do on a day like this
If I get a paid internship here, then yes!
RT : Make your faith larger than your fear and day by day your dreams will begin to appear!
Saw #Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close today. Great film!
thanks so much for the welcome! :)
My wife has some different thoughts on the matter?
Here comes the scary WATER CHECK. Have you had your 8+ cups of water yet today?
morning :) how are you
RT: His mind seemed blown about the concept. “: Eric Cantor not jazzed about bringing manufacturing jobs back to USA. #lightenuppal”
& You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
I don't know a good new name that's why I went back to this one
Failure is a must in order to fully appreciate success!
Is there any truth to the rumor I made up that the vs. feud will eventually end in a Tower of Doom match?
I think that they feel overwhelmed by something unknown, something they don't *control*, its a big deal.
Did you know that on February 25, 1870, The first black U.S. senator, Hiram R. Revels (1822-1901) took his oath of office?
Morning little bro, make sure you work on something that revolves around your dream today.Ex:Write,Beats,Network,Ur Niche
Ughh I can't believe vacation is almost over... It's like the vacation ran away from me 😔😭
The two loves in my life are Veuve Clicquot & someone special to share it with!
Everything - Michael Bublé ! I'll keep you posted!
"has swagger so bright she doesn't even need a light". Thank you for enlightening me on the hip hop culture this afternoon.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in -- try the style on shorts, dresses & blouses. Great options at TCA
thanks for everything tonight!
Happy New Year! Good things to come in 2012!
"Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, and forgive the ones who don't."~ Stolen but true
Excited for Southern Tier sampling tomorrow. Numerous delicious beers to try.
don't start off with a lie you know it's for basketball .
who are u going for heat all day baby!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 6
It don't Matta wat we talked about but it b da
good luck!
on my way to park hikes to discuss the issues of our city with the other candidates for city council and mayor votehenrybrim.com
morning chipmunk ^_^
You are unbelievable.
i have photos for you. DM me your number
Sisters Rule!
Umm, did you mean to send this to me?
Ridgeway was CRAZY!!! 😁🎉
BREAKING NEWS: my son just told me i'm the "best best best best best best dad ever" I'm ready for anything now!!!!!
Joakim Noah has become bigger stronger more athletic. What a player.
Idk why I'm mad though! Should be used to it by now.
There is still time to get $1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!! We Party til 2am!
Fuck hoes wit no emotion..n fade away like.kobe postin
i just realized that 8 Flavahs had VLADO's on !! 😱 they're really good dancers!
Awesome, good luck guys! 5 days til our Home Area Expansion! On May 7 the area will go south to 49th Ave & east to Renfrew
is attending Iowa State University's Spring Ag Career Day today!
e everythings better with bacon!
If you're at the FEC PAC conference at The Westin DC City Center - join us upstairs for happy hour at 330!
Follow he's amazing you should search him up on YouTube he's super talented !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He's Dylan hyde
trifecta of awesome.
It feel's like summer is near !
Nobodies gonna love you better I must stick with you forever
It's SO addicting!
Wait a sec. Already saw, loved and RT'd. Gimme more!
that's my nickname for him! His name is Joshua Teitelbaum.
I just heard someone say "I hate Adele"... FINALLY SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS ME
Listening to music
Thank you to everyone who came to our first company concert last night! And special thanks to everyone at for putting up with me!
Devouring Chinese Mexican food at Mission Chinese pop up restaurant. Might pass out in food coma before finishing this tweet.
What is twitter jail!?
Just abt to book a last min trip to MIA. But I won't give the state of FL any of my $$ till this #Trayvon situation is resolved.
Hey Precious, go out and get yourself 2 lg pizzas and stuff them down your pie hole you fat heidous piece of shit. EEEEEWWWWWW!
Finally converting from MobileMe to iCloud.... is this gonna hurt?
Thank you to all the volunteers that answered over 2000 calls yesterday. Call all your friends bring them to a poll
bad case of the Mondays? Smile! :D
Rolling Stones kind of day....
Dude, sounds so fun!! RT : #Indy Today: 4th Big Lebowski Night at the Elbow Room Pub, 8 pm.
home sweet home
U Welcome
I'm in Akron this weekend whats up!!!!!
#2012c19 recovery panel: P Gabrielle Foreman's rethinking of the term recovery in relation to brutal violence of the state and police
Pronunciation. I stumble over it often " : you mean psychologically or in terms of pronunciation?"
Sometimes I think my bro and I are different, and then I read what he has to say about gay rights and MCA and I feel we're the same.
you're annoying <3
Look at the crowd at the game! Portland is ready for the #NHL! Come on make it happen!
Make sure you save a few spots for , myself, and our crew...
Can you guys spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? I've been listening to it a lot. Loveit!
Food, nature & relationships- truly important
#Fine #Art Friday. Looking forward to a positive and productive art weekend.
Besides, it seems the villagers are gathering with torches to burn the things off.
are you going to be in cali any time soon? ;)
She's talking about my toe! RT: Without the ones who irritate us, we never have a chance to practice. -Pema Chödrön
Fuck me. Why can't anything go right for me?
Isn't it cool that simply playing your favorite song can help make your day better?!
Shooting trashy photos tomorrow for Whiting Turner...at a Baltimore City waste facility.
Feeling unlucky after the superbowl? May the luck of the Irish be with you the rest of the week. Parade day is in 32 days.
wearing my gear today in celebration of last night's big win!
family trip to Pop's before my departure
For sure, Im down!
Maybe she was talking with someone on the ethereal other end. Someone else tweeted about that person, too.
Excuse me, now I'm driving to fucking New Orleans East because the man on the phone CLAIMS to be doing brake tags till 2. W....T....F....
Hahahaha we are all so funny <3
Tonight from 7:30-9:30pm Enjoy Live Music from singer/songwriter James Jeffrey West & Guest Musician
Rain has stopped. Wind has died down. It's still cloudy.
One department the gov likes to cut, is the military. Our very defense and protection
Great show. Need some KOAB fashion info next time. What's hot, what's played out. Keep it going.
This Monday morning sucks
But isn't digital sharing ALL about your voice? Look at instagram. Everyone's a photographer now ;)
You need to create written reports about navigation, features, gameplay (game balance and all), quests, bugs and glitches
Classic show yesterday I was recording the whole shit on the big cam in front talk to your manager bout beats send me ya email
Audition workshop tomorrow from 3-5 pm. All I know us that I will be there. Somewhere. In the rabbit hole that is Pitt.
when my feelings get hurt i try to hide it but it always ends up obvious
I stay on sum other shyt I guess dats just me
great seeing you at #Fosterly today! #YouRock the panel discussions. More photos coming in 24 hrs.
Back in nyc
Haven't had some twitter time lately ... What's poppin pot heads.. 😊
actually either spot has tix...
i'll tell you said hi!
Just for once i want people to understand me.
Though I am not overly enthusiastic about my choices today, I am thankful that #Huckbee will not appear on my ballot.
I think every bitch likes loud bass ;)
#happybirthdaykidrauhl ! we will never leave you !
Thanks :D <33 Didnt think anyone even noticed we put it up hehe
Coming home!
Just about time to get St. Patty's Day started! Downtown bound and then....
I want to Zozobra last year, never again!
Finalists Named for Jewish Literary Award
Found a nice blue and purple mark on collar bone
Doctors cite lung cancer worries for Port Augusta
A guy should never have more shoes than you.
#20ThingAboutMe 95% of my relationship fail because I don't trust no bitch
Terrell Owens on Dr.Phil looking like a complete asshole. So typical. Go jump off a building you useless piece of shit!
Octomom Files for Bankruptcy
Power just went down....WOW.
-just finished my 1st speech of the year...!!!!!
you're welcome have a blessed and fun weekend
And ran with it...an hour for a 16-team field. That takes real talent.
*darkly* As I intended. I want you begging, Ms. Purchase.
Hey , eats bugs for breakfast. I'd wash the non-stick pan AND, oh the horror, my Riedels.
30 minutes until Shocker Baseball takes on the Jayhawks up in Larryville. Hope they can get that W.
#nowplaying Andrew Bird - Belles
We're moving back into the newly restored NAS Building at 2101 Constitution Ave NW soon. Exciting! You'll be able to visit in June.
Looking forward to a great show tonight! , , and 9pm, $5... Everyone's doin it.
President is about to get off
already am.
We go to college to get a good job to buy an expensive tv to watch truck drivers on the discovery channel.
Just finished #thehungergames i need to see the movie now
i think imma just wake up early n do my homework
yes!! im within 12!! the countdown begins once again
Aw Thank you too > RT : Hi Cassandra: *AMAZING* insights in your e-mails!! Thank you~
Love a #naturist discount getaway $100 per night visit us
Conference on culturally specific museums at Smithsonian Wed Apr 25. Free & open registration at
My phone died and couldn't charge it til now !
complementary yellow and purple sunset. check it
2nd and 3rd row is the worst. Barricade can push to turn around to look for them. first few rows can't move at all
In this world you will have trouble. But take heart. I have overcome the world.
Been waiting Pimpin, can't wait to here the finished product!
Time for the Village Deli!
Charging the iPod then it's gym time!!
woof:P
Life is just so beautiful. Haven't been this happy in a long time :)
as journalists-we must educate and enrich lives. Not destroy them for profit....
#lisalampanelli still trashing dayana? give it a rest. she's gone, you can stop bullying now. time to UNFOLLOW-you and aubrey are so classy!
“: They r making a Raging Bull II-prequel/sequel. Casting going on right now for a young Jake Lamotta. #ragingbull” saw that
You don't wanna meet KARMA tho...she crazier than a MF'er.
Is that a challenge?
green is my fav color.
So I'd like 2 hear if u have a question about music & I'll do my best 2 answer it.
Oh snap! Sounds like full bush is feeling pretty confident...
Ok, plane just pulled into gate ... Has to be a good sign, right?
I just voted for Dominic to come back into the game! www.cbs.com/shows/big_brother/americas_vote/
OMFG just took 45 min to get 1 nip into my spanx! :(
blah just posted some photos... gonna go be hermit now. it's like creative writing classes all over again :X
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Man this game almost over I got shit to do...
BLACKMAIL IS LIKE A CAR, ITS VERY HANDY AND USEFUL BUT IT CAN BE DEADLY HAHAHAHAHA
Needa just MAN UP and finish this essay so I can get -some- sleep tonight.
need gig posters. you got gig posters? have cheddar.
Hey there. Saw your tweets about the iPhone. If you decide to switch over to Verizon and have any questions, let me know!
@ the Library: also, I've got a headache, there's something wrong with my shoulder, & I can't stop sweating.
Nice size student section. ~100 including the band
Day 2 of west test .-.
Marvin Menzies from #New Mexico State in the building.
yum shiner goes off
okay thanks for the tips :)
gonnnaa be movie night <3'. alone ;(
to me it's interesting what Mitt + Obama were like as kids. Does it change my vote, no. Is it insight to who they are? Yes.
my back hurts!
nahh I'm good. I have 30 followers I got enough friends.
shutup daniel you don't even know what we're talking about
RT : Try to stay open 24/7. It would be disappointing if someone brought a new idea, but you were closed to it.
you've gotten to people.. believe me..#PeopleLikeMe -_____-
A part of me wants to be responsble and save and another part of me just wants to go blow this #refundcheck!
found grandma
Going to tihnk of some pictures to draw for a list of people who requested one. It will take a me a while but I will get to it hehe
MMJ Public Meeting & Legal Panel Host Pat & Car Lit Proj 6pm tonight Casselman's Bar 2620 Walnut Street Denver CO
well work time .
Winning is about he art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
*Gets on one knee and hands u a ring pop* its not the real thing yet:)
The only way great things ever get accomplished is through perseverance and conviction that your cause is worth fighting for.
600 YES, 600 NOTS_ STATE SO CROOKED, STATE WATCHING FOR COPS!_ TARGET US LIKE RED DOTS, YOU'D THINK IM FROM JAPAN...
I don't have my Ray-Bans on tonight. So I'm not feeling hella cool..
From a rainy day in LA here are my .... #FF !!! Sure to bring some sunshine in ya life! x
RiSe & PRaY
Obviously, the most colorful people show up on the bus when Mom visits. Spiderweb tattoo on face, man in bear suit w/ plastic gloves, etc.
Going to kill some time at robek's eating acai before training.
BOOM Somaya killin em red paint on my shoes! Who run the world? Bitch I do!
Ditto. RT I'm old. I remember a time when there was no Klout. Just your reputation. And that mattered more than any number might.
Hello long lost Twitter. Still getting back into routine after a sad, albeit special few days back east with family.
I don't think they are saying hire any additional sworn personnel, which would cost more.
Might be time for you to order a beer
Saw yesterday and I am proud of this film & what it ultimately conveys. The ending scene is legit.
Thanks for the follow cutie!
Missed last night's #speedbusters with ? Check out a motorcycle going 103 in Mt. Pleasant at www.todaystmj4.com.
LETS FRICKIN GO CARDINALS!
thank you!
Well yeah!
sure did:)
I Miss You Baby
Free and Open Source software is not fading, but still evolving.
“My princess is on her way, I have to wait.” -Niall Horan
If You're Gonna Bring Something NEW To The Game Have/Get The $$$ It Takes To Do So AND Patience, Determination, Persistence & Belief In YOU
I'll be in late, was at work till 11pm
im getting a new one today!! :D so im excited lol
they promise great things. We are stoked at the buzz
could never get into that show. Have a much different interpretation of Portland.
its stil tough, i think about Dan quite often, I cried tonight when I watched a video fo his second Indy win
you were amazing in the hunger game movie I just had to read all the books looking forward to the other movies :)
#wrongthinking "I don't care about nothing but money"
RT : I need a name for a six year old football team I'm putting together in Mustang. Any suggestions? /umm let me think...
Just to end the speculation: Patriots 42 Giants 24 in a blowout. Giants will score one last FG on a gimme with time winding down...
When I think about the day the Beatles broke up, when the band stopped, the last nite of phish, Not that these bands compare but damn I cry.
Hindsight. If I knew then what I know now. Well, don't live in the past but do DEVELOP YOUR CHARACTERS.
I think PFF is a good site the data doesn't take into account the circumstances of the situation. For instance when the..
Go cats
Fiesta mexicana is on s Conkling and fleet.
Love that guy! MT Belichick did not stop to pose with the Lombardi Trophy as he walked off stage at newsr
Check out our recently updated blog @ rawrrmusic.com.
Yesterday, I spent the day looking at german shepherd puppies with my husband and now all I can think of is cuddling furry little puppies.
love that place. Good friends are on town line lake. Good wine too. :)
Let's try this party invite again now that Twitter is kinda' working.
Unfortunately, i cant cut the nuts off human men... yet. So i have dedicated my time to the neutering of dogs because thats legal.
OMG, yes she is!!!
I hope in my next life I come back as the front passanger seat of a taxi cab
I'm not ashamed 2 say that I know angels r watchin over me!
"Failure and success, they belong together. It's like Mac-'n-cheese." - at Epic Fail
Wise: Educators need to admit damage/privilege first for students to open up
This made me Lol! Better than the drum circle. Oy. MT Soccer in Meridian Hill Park... love it or hate it?
Just found the tshirt I got from Love at first bite when Jamie&I worked the cochon de lait po boy both at #JazzFest in 2007.
Yall this man at mickey dees came NFL and nipped the same spot AROUND me while I'm eating my food ..not 1,not 2 or 3 times but 4 EFFIN times
Damn right all u haters were talkin shit about the LAKERS now those muthfuckas winning deal wit it
yes it is. are you on linkedin, foursquare, facebook, pinterest?
Be sure and share a link to our band page on YOUR page - it's the gift that keeps on giving! :)
filming started? muppets? Ben smith? That's all I got :( I have a feeling we will see familiar faces for Emily's season.
Using the word "shredding" to describe snowboarding is annoying.
Her exact words were "make sure whoever u marry treats u right and PLEASE make sure he has halfway decent hair" hahahahahahaha
I can't Skype I'm in the middle of my math class lol... If you wait 15mins I should be back at the dorms
“: Cal's salary for 2010-11 was greater than the budget of every other sport at #UK except football.” worthit
link worked this time...the world is so much better with friends, waving
When It Get Hot Niggaz Get Stupid Smh......
and pwned at the McDonald theatre in Eugene last night. I have no voice today :)
and the fedex truck then dropped a resolutionary new device at my door.
is that 'what' about that spam? It's not malware - just change your password if you opened it.
I just can't deal with Mary J blige. I wonder what the decision making process consisted of when she was selected. :/
More piercings over spring break? I think so. (:
Catch Joe Tait on Channel 3's "Golden Opportunities" this Sun 2/19; 11:30 am- The Joe Tait Fan Page
Michele Bachmann looked like a fox during the debate and Rick Perry is still a douche. I dislike #republicans ...
Yeah, didn't you see the math equation I tweeted?
I believe all employers should attend these mixers to really get the oppty to meet candidates provide support & refer them!
"The call him 'Swagga.'"
Beginning at 6pm-it's FREE Member movie night! If you are a member, bring your card and get in free to the film of your choice!
yes i know the story aired!! and your interview too :)
Funk Fest 2012 - JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 11-5pm. Buy 2-2Day Passes & Get 1 Free! Athlete's Foot on Normandy & Boutique 3:16...
why not!? That's what I'm thinking.
No more texts please.
RT : A6: Students in K-12 could gain expertise in the cloud services that they will use in college <agreed!
a very sad day for Norway - thoughts and prayers for them!
I used to go to the one on 6th at least once a week when I worked at the Tribune. Probably why I'm so fat.
I'm going to start carrying post-its around so when I make requests people ignore, I can tell them to STICK IT. Nicely. Literally.
Good question. Let me ask.
": Can hit 700 followers today? 45 to go! RT
Yes! And thanks for the drink! That was mighty tasty.
all the family photos I've ever taken.
Nice - best get ready RT : Yup, I'm leaving and it snowing again.
Junior Seau died, dang
I'm trying to finalize line up this week how much notice you need to perform? I've got to run my time out #
thanks baby<3
Yes, but better! Ha!
reprising your role as the drunk college co-ed eh?
I wish you would follow me.<3
Had a wonderful night my daughters baptimal was beautiful
i followed you
Bills got Vince Young. I don't know much about football but I'm going to assume that they will still play like a so-so Vince Lombardi team
I could happily live without ever hearing another open mic cover of blackbird.
You Cant be a nickel looking for dime...
7th Dist. Commissioner of Cook County #JesusChuyGarcia will be addressing
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Solid-State lighting (SSL), Always commonly seen in the form of Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs), I think.
r ya there???
What you up too Big homie
I pray that all my scholarships, grants, and this one loan comes through. I wanna hit the road to Morehouse this fall and have less stress
sounds good to me dude! Can I bring Katey like the old times?! Lol
No. 11, luxardo cherries, lime juice and rosewater. So Good.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I may be late but WOAH ray j and Houston sex tape.....whaaaaa?!
ha imma remember tht n no i dnt want the leftovers!! lol
my nigga you new. They bugging.
Another 5 to 7 months to review public comments. RT : DEC spokeswoman not ruling out Grisanti timetable re: fracking
hopin to come to south bend soon. Thanks for spreading the word also. We appreciate it!
stop being so bright you have nothing to hate on about 1d
Your kid will always b around the chick you turned your back on her for want known fact what goes around comes back around
leading off the top of the second Paul Konerko.
well, someone gets shot. you're welcome.
fucking hell lucy, whereve ya been?!
Are you with Betty??
feeling a tentative bout of sickness creeping in... emergen-c and maybe an early escape from the office?
You're hot!!
Invaluable for frequent flyers!RT : The Economist: Smart ways to fold your so that they don't look so bad when travelling...
You are very welcome. I enjoy your tweets :)
Take the time to actually read recipes through before you begin.
One of my customers said I had some beautiful white teeth!!! :-) I knw I knw lbvs
Penalty on Sue. There was :46 left in the #Gophers penalty
lol......thats cuz he needs to stick to analyzing NBA games.....he looks lost out there
This cold weather is so bad for us black guys because our skin gets really ashy.
Pablo Sandoval gets to keep wearing a Giants jersey for 3 more years...
spent long weekends over months to prepare for the day that charges against Sandusky went public.
Good morning tweethearts! :)
It's a false issue. It's not like Ohio State or anyone else knew about the guy.
I want everyone to follow I work for this company and we do
-- have a safe (and wildly fun) trip! We'll get that HH together when you get back!
2 more days before the carnival
Talking to Katya before creative writing
Totally pissed I'm missing and tonight. Stop texting me, people, and rubbing it in!
at my dads finally!:D u?:)
NE1 ever done an econ. assessment of what 60's protests gained for "99%"? Seems ineffective in long term since, y'know, things are worse now
Keep calm, steep, drink.
Great post, can we re-post to our blog?
Thank you :-)
Steve blake going crazy....lol
I've been engaging in all of the internal grappling & stock taking that one engages in before launching something new.
It's been a long day! I think it's time for me to go to bed now!
lol what about his daughter!!
It feels so good playing electric guitar again. We've been apart for far too long..
Go back to sleep Maddie..
Business after Hours at Golf 365 150th & Cumberland Join us!!
Only The Hits Online Radio Will Be Back With A Brand New Show Starting Tomorrow Night @ 7PM. Spread The Word!
Often moving class to online means online has to be better. says make it a discovery experience not a lecture
Emily Mure Trio gig tonight at LIC Bar Music stars at 5. No 7 train! Take E or G.
arg. every person in every photo on that website looks like an asshole.
Twitter pics...how long before rights $$ become part of the equation?
amazing wedding tonight! so much fun and brings back so many wonderful memories of my own.
I want to see #battleship but I have no one to go with. 😪
Thanks for the follow. Always appreciate your take on things. Great to be connected.
In New York City its illegal to smoke cigarettes in parks. Central ark is 843 acres ...
I feel better with Tiesto on my side! RT : Yes but it ain't over yet :) RT : rangers win!!!!
They're coming to Tennessee with a couple of changes of clothing, and that's all. They've lost everything - Tony Hitt
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Hasnt and WOULD'T break a girls heart.
Sometimes everything just seems to work out perfectly...
Refreshing candor from Haber: We have no idea how many rights we administer.
hope you can make the next event. Tell us more about #growgolf,
I got a surprise visit today from David M who came to a meeting on the wrong day. Hi
Now my Facebook page is jacked up I can't view any of my current posts except through the notifications or on my phone.
I think I should delete some numbers out my phone.
Maybe it's just me then.
Of 14 straight. Come say hi. I'll buy a drink!
"Ruin is a gift... Ruin is the road to transformation."
Continuation of the last tweet: The cover girls are there to be sexy, not a racial statement. I know it isn't PC - but that is the goal.
LMAO too funny. Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster! :P and how do you use this pintrest? any other media sites other-
RT #Leo's are good friends.
Love is lawless..**
Thank you so much for signing my idol <3
lmao right, I don't know why they do this to me!
INTERVIEW WITH 107.7"THE BONE" TOMORROW LIVE
Glad to see you're back on Twitter. Now with all the tweets you'll be sending out I can stop worrying. jihad
Enjoy! You have to give me the full preview.
it's a Tuesday, I'll go if you want to drive that far ^_^
My bro talking shit like it's funny , HAHA nigga !
yeah ! They lost -.- I am so madd
., a better analogy would be you & erectile dysfunction. you need something artificial ("i'm fine!") to prop you up.
It's called therapy. Get some.
We will be having another Bible Study Oct. 13th...Don't miss out :)
anytime stud
got beat up by ireadyrsoul, lost abt 93 at 50/100. very well played by him. back to the drawing board
I'm trying not to be a laggard! Learning new technology YIKES!
my eleven year old cousin call herself tryna follow me.. can we say blocked ! why do you even have a twitter ? bad parenting is my call.
Men: please make a considerable effort to be a warrior on and off the field. Not just on xbox.
Big question is why overlooking huge drop off in achievement gap is middle school and higher
Taking conservative approach allows him to appeal to the indies who he would lose any other way. Country not there yet. Could lose bc of it.
Reading Game Change now.
I hate #SpringBreak Homework! :/....Finishing last minute work.
People that cause a ruckus, just to cause a ruckus NEED TO STOP! Nothing good will come of it!
Well #MNF why does Big Ben wear different colored cleats?
Can't stand wen folks smoke blacks it makes my tummy hurt
Make Now, Bake Later: Meals in a Pinch
Some of my homies been acting #shady lately...Idk why?? Not replying to texts or returning calls..
got soo much homework, thanks to Coach Long and Mrs. Hardin that's how im spending my weekend
gm bro $alute!
#np 'Hey You' Pony Pony Run Run
This kinda shit makes me want to smack the living fuck out of people.
came home showered pass the hell out.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: You can do so much if you focus on only one thing.
I'm not Yish will for me..you know she's a lightweight!! Lol
oh awesome!
i want you to notice me it would be fabulous... k thanks <333333333333
Nuggets win!
Maki Madness may be no more (insert sad face here) but I still gotta get my on in March (plus I've got some serious GCs to use...)
it must be a good idea, look at the size of that bulb! :-)
