Plz answer back:))
"Public services still provide opportunity for common good." - Hedges
ay girl can u drop it low?
#Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to
hahaha so glad I can follow you now and see funny stuff!!
Your battery might be failing and as a result is pushing up under your trackpad. We can fix whatever the issue 4109878588
Hey everybody shut up! GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Our next bout: Rats vs Mob! Sat. Nov 11. Doors !!!
Yep & I hope it's by 12 plus when the Rabbits do win! #REMEMBER8/23
BEACH BOYS!
im about to be having no life.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin
Great Sunday. Kickball, BBQ and sun.
I do love him so. We watched Rules of Engagement for a while just because he was in it.
i did! i went to the translation event today and it was soo interesting. did u make it there? great meeting u as well!
One of my guilty pleasures. Real Housewives Franchises teehee
Librarians have the best kids.
I can't believe more people aren't here “: Abe Vigoda getting going and being awesome.”
Guess who has been my fantasy stud QB this year?
does aplusk miss his days on the cast of "That 70's Show"? Any favorite memories??
Whoa! So RUDE! U should layoff wishing ill on pp! RT : you don't have to b a bitch. Glad u aren't on GH anymore!
Introducing FREE tickets at Disney + Free hotel nights! Call us for Details.
Dick Clark broke racial barriers! He provided opportunities to do many people, regardless of race. A great MAN!
Had same import problem. Deleted stuff & calendar, renamed my import to a different name & it imported (but of course not correctly)
I'll do that!
Maybe think of the Mini Cooper in your future ;)
has made my week for following me! (: #CoasttoCoastEP comes out o my birthday! (: So siked! :D
hey girl hey! (:
thanks for fun and i are home safe.
OMG!!!! Grandma is here & she made me two sweet potato white only pies. Ctfu. Shidd bang!!!!
OMG I was going to ask you if it was snowing yet!
Interesting lack of coverage on Earth Day. How about that mayoral debate? Candidates w/last names starting in D no showed.
justin by friend adores u so much and dreams that u follow him so please <3 follow him thns #swaggerboy love u
I still don't approve of LeBron winning MVP. He didn't deserve it this year. Nor Durant. But at least Tony Parker was 4th overall.
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
#Bbworld11 Set first due date & it updates course due dates. Nice!
RT : this is all your fault! LOL << count yo blessings!
12 MB left to download :D
yeah cleavage!
wow how much more awkward could that be?? ahah xD
Morning. Can you say hi to me? It's my birthday weekend. Thanks.
You know it
Playdates are both a blessing & a curse. We are having one now & the living room looks like a war zone.
gook luck and congrats! Bring some rebellion to TV!
So obama's new chief of staff was against financial reform, is a foe of the health care bill and opposed the consumer protection bureau?
Your old prof was lucky to have had you in that class!
As a web design/dev who had user first drilled into me; fashion designs elitism and self wankery can be jarring
Shabbat Shalom from the Holy Capital of Israel, Jerusalem!
This performance beats that last one of new directions though..
All-night cramming? Unique studying spot? Traditions, routines & stress relief techniques? We're covering finals, and want you!
August is this weekend? WTF?
Spending my first free Saturday reading magazines, doing laundry, cutting the grass, & working my first serving shift. No homework! Yay!
i get maybe 2-4 unmarked artists' proposals a year. Less than it used to be. Still freaks me out.
Hey ladies! welcome to town. ain't beer great?
Footage of being built during a trip to the La Brea Tar pits in the mid-'60s. Plus Jungleland: an elephant taking a bath
Utley couldn't handle a slow rolling ball with a glove, That fan just caught a bullet line drive with his bare hand.
Leon Walls performs at the market this Saturday at noon.
free #tshirt for the 100th like on our Facebook page - 5 to go - RT if you like free!
Well you're welcome (:
having such trouble finding wedges........
Donald Driver and Katherine Jenkins will fight for mirror ball trophy victory on #DWTS, IMO.
Racked up shawty
Had to make another hard choice at #sls12, but #oprint wins!
replied to my tweet seeing how they were doing it's so awesome.
CREYZ ME A RIVER
What up
When they drafted Rondo!
Kick you holiday party up a notch with some "Snow Time!" It's like snow in a can! Just add water and you're good to go! Come by to get some!
this conversation is delicious.
Oof. This 3-week old eggnog is still hot and bourbonically feisty. Needs more of time's mellowing influence.
Kesha Uses The Street As A Toilet « NOW 103.1 – Today&#39;s Best Hits ...
Not at all.
On my way to make piano bar melt
and thank you btw :)
any of you #adworkers want an extra bright little partner for #trivianight??
I get very nervous out when my Subway sandwich moves up the crowded assembly line without me.
What are the things in life that can get you beathless?
Flooding In New Jersey Gov Says
Did you know Cupcake Jones colors and flavors the frosting with strawberries, raspberries, and marionberries!
YES DO THAT ASAP don't mess up the plan bro you can't, it's too perfect lol
Love David Suchet. He has read some of the Poirot stories. I had to buy the cds. :)
Thx for the tip - followed.
Yeah so this summer we're going to be playing some big shows. Who's down to throw down with us this summer?
Congrats to my man on his newly-former brand experience agency, Aurelian Marketing Group.
haha, thanks girl!!
Do any doing #EAD know why AT doesn't generate ant C0 levels?
My favorite part about having to travel from WI to Dallas this weekend: being able to finally get some real sweet tea! right ?
good thoughts for a treatment plan and healing soon!
I plan on staying engaged No doubt about that.
That other chick is the swagger like us chick
Oh we'll !
"The philosopy of the rich versus the poor is this:The rich invest their money and spend what's left;the poor spend their money and...
not just slow but jumping to smart people conclusions with our slowness. Aint nobody thinkin about no brain trauma.
OH at work: "Speaking of were-people..." Publishing is THE BEST.
Im fucking dope and this is my reward
This guys kid at the airport just asked him how to spell the letter "L" Hahah awesome
autism moms ; tell us what your men did to take care of you for mother's day. and if they didnt arrange some tlc - poopy on them!
We have a lot of pictures of or and to upload! Yay! They'll be our background someday :-3
RT You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
who you calling "us?" you're in *marketing* - not exactly normal. :)
what a great message at #Winterjam in Nashville last night! Love the ministry you guys are doing! Keep it up!
Better than straight grants, more transparency for actual security cost“: Caribbean Parade just one of many that....
Great choice! My favorite Beach Boys song.
I know we all enjoyed your lemonade stand
Kenny Brit = Fantasy FU of the week. You either hate him because you benched him...or like me because some actually started him against you
The score at my soccer game is 0-0 at the first water break. As you were.
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.<3
#thevalueofafollower really?? We are talking about toilet paper- ask me why!
": Pillow pets." are amazing.
Depends on the atmosphere you're looking for, Seven, Sneaky Pete's, 508, Brothers all good.
waffles ya that just poped in my head LMAO
Turns out Derek Jeter is only a .302 career hitter against the #Orioles, not .900 as I had guessed.
Join OUTLET for their Thriving Scholars Benefit at the Anacostia Art Gallery on April 29 to celebrate graduating seniors!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
Go insane, go insane, throw some glitter make it rain on em. :)
Have a great weekend everyone
i only use two haha i'm wierd :P
Ok thanks!
Is having an amazing week
those big, brown eyes >> ☺
i dont like hot coffee that much but its cold so ima prepare some for myself.
Cool! RT.Welcome
Sat., Oct. 8, 8 am–10 am, Patterson Park Volunteers needed! 100s native flowers need to be planted! or at 410.558.2473.
My Boi Adakid over her talking bout the world is gonna end in 2012..this Nigga dumb
Bringing empty boxes to my friends in #preschool tmrw to stimulate new ideas for block play!
Back from the gym...it's always nice to finish a long day with a great workout! Leave tomorrow for FBS09! It's gonna be KILLER!
Thanks for the RT
Grading, making soup, gestating.
Wait, you'd expect vacuum cleaner advice from me? Uh…
yeah man, I like it. A little drawn out, but their albums usually are. Pretty good though. Can't wait for more earl sweatshirt
You only have a "half wig" if you didn't buy from Dr. Wiggy's! Check out our gallery @ www. drwiggys.com or for free consult 855-DRWIGGY
dude that asshole had me so fuckin weak when he fell
wins first bout at #GoldenGloves nationals.
Don't tell me you have another test to study? ;)
We'll be in touch soon!
There I was thinking about cornsnakes and I'm instantly furious and hate you. Rapid cycling. No--mistake. I just fucking hate you.
The ball boy is locked in the dugout bathroom at Aces Ballpark. Taylor Harbin has offered to sub for him. !!!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 37
Yay! Congrats, and glad it's sorted.
not much how are things with you?
#HarryPotterChatUpLines one night with me and they'll be callin you moaning myrtle
Truthfact.RT : Jon Stewart's Daily Show rant last night on the false notion of religious persecution in the US was epic. And awesome.
I only get throwed on two occasions, when it's my birthday and when it's not my birthday!
talk to zach's face on AIM: afteritendszach
looking at apartments for this upcoming year is so much fun! cant wait to officially move in with my love!
Hey we got some Monday FOOTBALL going on CIN vs BUF and 6 wings med fries and drink for 6.50
Online registration, has, indeed, closed down, but you can still buy tickets at the door after 5pm @ The Women's Club of Minneapolis
But but... He's the face of New Orleans. He would play for nothing.
Can I get a RT if you hate when people beg for a RT?
you should just become a beekeeper.
LOW is a 4 piece 2nite with keyboards. Nice touch. Show is sold out but with a very sparse VIP section. #bestbandgoing?
I'm not going to school Monday xDDDDDDDD
Oh no! The 1st time I make it on here is my oops? :(
It gets like that some of these days!
Have a great and safe Easter to all
My balls itch bitch
What is the treatment for a Nutella addiction?
Top of the morning to you
Join Maui Mall for our Talent Showcase on Friday, this week, July 15. Visably Shaken will be performing from 6-7:30 p.m.! Talented!
Excellence is not an act, but a habit
Looking like a young Kenny Rogers with that glove...
looks like your in a little bit of a pickle dick! Hahahahahah
About to go to sleep!
Sometimes I just roll around on the floor from laughing so hard!!
Now buy your apt!
88 times a week. Shout out to all of you women....and lesser women
"Don't forget to pray before you go to sleep tonight. Because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning."
went to the celtics game last night.. it was so fun!!
The Bellmen will be playing Denton Tx on May 11 woot
nice! Congrats! You going to start coaching?
I've been gone from Twitter too long!! I miss you!
My feelings are always inside. I either feel like I'm going to get judged because of my thoughts, or no one's there to listen...
good looking, on the retweet too
My mom keeps telling my brother, if he plays video games too much, it'll become his religion. His response: "Oh my Cod.."
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Watcing the game
text me i don't have your number
and #Oakland and
yeah in two weeks or read my profile
pathetic. RT : Rep. Gohmert, choked up, is now comparing Breitbart to John Quincy Adams and Abe Lincoln.
Tonight is the night! bring your 7$ or 3 unopened women products. We have great bands, award presentations, raffles, & ur DCD!!
And the high-collared, gray uniform suits you, Governor!
hahaha i just love this 2 silly people in my life. ♥
": good morning sis have a great day :) I love you!"......Awww that made me feel better....love u too bro
YAY!!! Such a pain, but glad it finally is working out in your favor.
Parents going on a cruise
Live at the Marylander if you want to lose your fear of bugs, due to the mass amounts of them crawling out of the vents and into ur aprtment
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
you're not alone<3
I'm glad to see you are doing well, from what I read and see about you, I'm genuienly happy for you
n i dnt want you to be nice to me, be real with me... k? u wont have any problems outta me ...
This is just killing me.
yeah.. at 15, you're probably gonna have to know someone personally that would hire you. even at 16 it seems like you do
#Studying is fun when you know its almost over...
Where do rabbits go after their wedding? On their bunnymoon.
Happy Holidays! Save 10% of any class, lesson, activity or camp! Use code SAVE10 at checkout!
Im not done yet!
They need to drop a new boosie mixtape it's been to long
According to the HBR "Companies that garner world-class loyalty receive an NPS of 75% to more than 80%" in Q1 of 2011 reach a 79%
#DevNexus attendees can hear more about recent #JSR107 developments at 's presentation today at 2:30 EST in Salon C/D
I somehow find you and I collide.
You can still get them online after the pre-order it just doesn't come with the big extras, you'd still get stickers.
Thanks! I love Try-Umph Tuesdays, too.
Avoid processed food, keep it as natural as possible.
The gift of May----Decorate yourself like a Fashion Queen ...
Question on floor: focusing on families & communities to increase value of education. Kids at risk are not the ones in the charter schools
I am feeling generous though, so I will give $1k to each new follower from now until the time I win
Dreams don't work unless you do.
everyone is just too cute. :)
Putting up a new song in our Facebook tonight! :D Get pumped! Spread the word! We love you all! :D
time to hit da gym!
We're up at Lake Arrowhead for what is going to be an awesome Chancellor's Associates Bruin Woods weekend! Welcome reception is underway.
When you see people waitin in the drive threw for chick-fil-a just sitting there wen its closed on sundays
#vsa2011 Learning Together: visitor guest books/comment cards - novel and high quality materials increase quality of visitor responses.
Looking forward to your return to San Francisco. Would love to share a stage w/you @ some point or another. <3,
OKC took a whip and dominated.
Shout out to all my OHIO LADIES
No! The Bolt Bus only stops at Penn Station. I was like this is 30 miles out of my way. xD
Money often costs too much
Go Lions!
gotta be roofie Rob....
Love this blog post- demystifying archives! Keep it up!
Family get together, Ham dinner! We need more holidays.
RT : Ready to see what , and have to present at #DSum12 for #SocialMedia Trends
2 donuts down...
RT : Respect yourself so I can respect you
Looking forward to it! RT Marion County boys basketball second round Wednesday, 7:00 pm vs Lawrence Central at Lawrence Central
thanks will do..booked the VIP zoo tour today for saturday..excited :)
GM pretty lady
#COSN2012 has been great so far. Congrats to the fellow #nsba top 20 award recipients. Keep up the good work in
I'm not a half-measures kinda guy. Trying to be realistic. Good on NJ folk voting for the bill, but they got Christie in.
me too
Not knowing their actual wages or tax brackets those numbers are meaningless.
Play with my hair
and that my friend is capitalism at its finest!!
Can't wait for the next few weeks........
Oh I just scared the shit outta ... did you hear her?!?!?!
'Since a man can't make one, he has no right to tell a woman then & where to create one.' 2Pac Shakur - Hold Your Head Up. Way b4 his time!
I showed up this morning and had 3 med student sidekicks. They had pre-prerounded on all my patients for me. Then I sent them home.
As soon as I get the Believe CD im going to check if i won the golden ticket *fingers crossed*
long story
Fourth down: Shazier eats Brionte Dunn and stops him for a loss. That dude might be the #B1G's best linebacker this year.
take a energy drink it will give you a boost
Weather's been great. Should be early planting this season, no?
Thank you
Joe Szakos to City Council: "there is no doubt that discrimination exists in Charlottesville" and urges approval of commission
Is miranda singing into a jack rabbit ?
ay Lody you need to gone start a label and sign me folk,niggas in the north roccin wit me
Sorry folks! Reuploading. Should be up in 5 minutes.
you're in charge now
where did you RP at?
i just keep thinking to myself, it will be ok in the end... there's open bar.
Played the Fearless Friends tour last night. Thanks to everyone that came out and caught our set, it was a blast!
Girl :haha why dont they show what happen after a happy endin love movie Boy : yes they do its called porn XD
In math .
Comedy Open Mic Night! 8pm Hosted by Sean Collier $2.50 Yuengling Drafts & $6 for a dozen wings See you then.
I swear i just saw flyzik... Weird.
okay the u gettin hit in the balls
Camping out under the DC sky. Last time I did this was at the Grand Canyon
I don't think I realized your daughter was an actress! How exciting and wonderful. Happy belated Mother's Day.
No Idea... We definitely heard a lot of very low flying Helicopters and Jet fighters blaring by.
And a follow-up: why don't I have any single malt scotch?
I am sure we can for ya! RT : Will you have the #KUbball game on tonight?
Me and mrs Jones- earth wind & fire n marvin gaye # oldies
“: so glad im not at school” fuckin sucks.. -____-
UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH MENTIONS AND THATS WHY UR NOT REPLYING I UNDERSTAND THANKS THO
I mean a truly bad program the last few years makes ZERO changes and gets a ton of studs and nobody is questioning it.
have ur family n friends call n request ur music, then listen in to TSMRadio http//tsm-1.com
why is it much easier for me to be friends with 7th graders than people my own age
Thank you! Please help us spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org . Bless you :)
The Solid Suns' set at the Hard Rock Café began with the audience singing Happy Birthday to John the lead singer.
S/O to Milfs! Am I wrong?
Agree! No shoulda been Phillip and Joshua. “: Did America make the right decision #idol fans?”
Fake a frown, you hurt others. fake a smile, you hurt yourself.
We have a website that you can donate to via Paypal yessir. Anything helps, quite a few sending $5 donations. Interested?
your Dead Man poster isn't on the wall because you've run out of space in your Depp Shrine Room...
Hey guys im a unicorn
*fart noise
been thinking about this. I think a beach trip to Wilmington this summer should do the trick:)
I've definitely been challenged this week, and I've managed to survive. -pats myself on the back-
one day that will b me, I hope!!!!
Cleaned the whole salon from top to bottom and did a spray tan....I'm sleepy!
Great Banquet:-) Imma miss you guys..;(..
I bet it will be like Macus Phoenix from Gears of War or Master Chief. Or maybe Capcom will contribute and throw in Albert Wesker :)
my pleasure!
I was at Foxywoods. Heading back now
Holmes, he is a proven SB MVP
Just did my first iOS update over WiFi (slick), and oh look, I have a little 4G icon now! You can debate AT&T "4G" but it looks cool :)
Mr Pringle thanks for sharing... I had to put my dog down last Saturday and he was our baby...
Sorry, we spoke to soon! Both stores will be closing as of now, sorry for the inconvenience, but stay safe!
Still prizes to get: Find Todd in #EABF gear at bar right now to get FREE stuff!
We're at #insum11. Highly recommend following hashtag for great library marketing ideas.
Hey well me and Dana are ding a tinychat tonight you're invited
No problem! 'Twas a kick-ass article!
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Plotz- Literally, "to burst." To explode or collapse from excitement, surprise, or pleasure.
I love yall right back....They Show me love Back...Chiefn
I gotchu fam, yo matter of fact keep the 22/23 open I might can use your help
im sorry:( does austin know??:( ..I use to live in New jersey but then I moved to georgia..So i know how u feel.
RT : We've got 5 authors speaking at this week! Congrats
Cause I am not your boo
that's very confusing. I dont know if you're going take the Econ test or not...
In my voice from Coming to America, "I am very happy to be here"
Were back in #Wisconsin how about that I-94 construction?!
. into the wall. 7th caution of the night. #NCWTS #NASCAR One more green-white checkered
God damn, you're great looking. RT : Krusty krab pizza or ninja turtle pizza? Hm decisions...
Damn you MN time zone change, I cant watch the #WINdians until 8 so here I am watching the #Reds vs #Braves instead of #Kipnisnessing the DH
Just got done cleaning out the special place for buyers of Katy Perry's music.
Stop paying full price for shampoos and conditioners, buy at wholesale cost from us
Three weather warnings: wind advisory, flash flood watch, tornado watch. Am I going to wake up in Oz tomorrow?
“The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything
Does anyone know how to reach Barbara Martinez at Uncommon? If so please email me! On deadline. I will owe U 1 :)
Can't believe Anthony Bourdain and will both be here in #Seattle tomorrow. Totally. Geeking. Out.
Good girls are just bad girls who don’t get caught.
Watch a Perfect Couples marathon
With everything going on in our world, I can't believe our attention has been diverted thus.
The worst possible thing I can imagine for Cincinnati music (and life in general?) is the Southgate house closing. I.... hate everything.
Sorry, No GPS devices but we can order just about anything...
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
Ohio Senate votes to outlaw texting while driving
Johann von Neumann~ In mathematics you dont understand things. You just get used to them.
love these declarations. How goes NY...(still)
Great information on the #agencystate webinar with Some good takeaways and areas we need to take a closer look at.
According to the Census, there are 28 religions practiced in America.
My type, what: A strong, independent, beautiful woman...
These 35-40 year old women playing pranks on each other smh taking purses & room keys.. Haha
Yeah, I sense a reality series along the lines of "Rosemary's Baby" coming soon.
DID YOU JUST TWEET?!
Looking for Network Programmers, Server Programmers, and Senior Generalists for awesome opportunities on A projects
is that human rights or pro-terrorists propaganda??? Seems like the latter. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?? You should be..
Whoa... I guess
Thinking we can get a group discount on liver transplants? Who's in?
Today's Feature: Cuban Pork Sandwich w/ honey baked ham, pulled pork, Swiss cheese, dill pickle, yellow mustard Soup: Butternut Squash
Nice Illuminati Video , Power, Nice to know you were once a man who sang about jesus now is the puppet of luciferians.
the older i get, the less i care.
watching friday Smackdown
#boxing debut thurs 28th June vauxhall colosseum vs Byron McPherson doors open 7pm £25 per ticket comment below if you would like to attend
No amount of money matters as long as I am building moments with the ones I love. Moments are forever!
When I go to a poultry show, I do not want to see ostriches there.
Please follow me <3
Running around Austin looking for last minute gifts:? Make-up, skincare, adorable aprons, and of course gift cards here!
just keeping busy! How's the opera going?
Ugh tired as crap....looks like I'm bumming it today lol
Thank you
Lol! Good stuff that.
-- Aeromexico jet hijacked in Mexico City upon arrival from Cancun; TV Azteca reports some of 104 on board freed. Holy Toledo
Yes I am administrating the SBA tests at my school. #nclb:)
hahahaha, i know! I hate reversing! Ah that day was fun though...besides that
cant sleep, maybe i should start counting sheep.
Someone in Portland give me a place to stay until I get enough money for my own place.
Does #maddow show have to be sponsored by Exxon/Mobile's screed singing the praises of tar sands? Come on, Rachel, Call off the Petrol
Glad my sister made the right choice :-) love that girl!!
Head coach power rankings - National Football Post
God still does miracles. Today, I saw one.
I am gonna miss my sis so much when she leaves for Marquette... Couldn't even get through her picture video without crying...
Planet fitness time!
Coming back to LA? =) RT : Moving day!!
This fool posting in the stuff I bought him. Lmbo
"For I have derived much joy & comfort from your love... because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you."- Philemon 1:7
RT : My boy El Diablo doin it big! Congrats!
Big ol' "Knife Sale" sign on 8th street got me kinda hyped. The inner me is either a chef.. or a ninja. Or a ninja chef.
Wondering if Cuomo gave the President a marriage equality pep talk.
RT : HA! Pau to Sager, "I gotta get my ass in the paint."
SA URBAN BIKINI BBQ is sunday, u gonna make it?
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand & he said to the man runnin the stand "hey! bum bum bum got any grapes?" <3 :D
Text me 📲
Bout to start the tour of BSU.
I Can't wait till I dye my hair , I like that "you look different" look
Buncha niggas at Think Like a Man. Only what I expected
Dude just get off twitter and get some time to yourself.I'm sorry to say but seeing her twitter is just fueling your depression.
"we cannot allow access to Songza for listeners located outside of the United States.":( What is it?!
ay man i was dude playin acoustic at #FadedFest..follow me for details on the next event Im planning n follow my personal
running the crazy legs? or hitting up mifflin? haha
I LOVE YOU!
It's no wonder <3 Have you ever heard of an intern sending the office cookies while they're out on break??
Excited to work with "BigIsHuge" Digital Agency.
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer*
hello lova :) I miss you very much
original international house of pancakes of pancakes
Mumford and Sons' "Sigh No More" is easily the best album I've heard in the past five years.
Sky Explore, thanks for following!
IT WAS FUNNY. haha if I met Bailey I wouldn't be like "I met Bailey" I would be like "I MET BAILEY KDKSNDXDFJ UR HUSBAND" ;)
Hey I just met you, and this is shavy... but here's my shaver.. so SHAVE ME MAYBE?
Head over to tonight for the Bags, Baubles & Ballgowns charity event!
#JonezBestBet of the night: Over 204.5 in the Spurs Jazz game. Look for Parker to drop 40+
Stop letting these triflin ass niggas run ya! You looking bout 50 y/o!! Dont worry we good over here!!!
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders. I don't want to look back.
Last pitch, team Bwallet up now at #SocEntWknd - "Buy it Better, Moving Your Money Made Easy" + + = Bwallet
Our life is what our thoughts make it. Marcus Aurelius
HACKER! We all know I don't need to write that for it to still be true
Bought my GLEE Live tix today!!!!! gahhhhhhhh so stoked!!!!!!!!
Wish I could help, hope you win!
oh i wished i did!:)
LAO - around 20% of CA personal income growth in 2012— & nearly 1% of all personal income in CA this year—expected to be related to Facebook
lol you better! you missed like 2 chances to come!
that's awesome! Thanks.
um y
Can't Sleep :/
Tampilan baru mobile twitter.. just knew :D
My friend said she will give me money if I marry CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
YUM! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : monicals for my cousins birthday lunch
I love standing in the center of photos... so I can't be cropped out of the picture! (well at least not without a great deal of photoshop)
Why do people find the need to stop by the front desk and talk if they don't need anything. Ay dios mio
Justin bieber might host the grammys ? is this true or what ?
Says the guy who threw a chair at my bleeding beautiful face
oh yeah I'm excited! Never been to Alamo St! What is it?
You don't have to be the sharpest tool, you just have to do something.
Whatever. I just want to be able to take you out whenever i want to.
and the junior scientists at the la brea tar pits observing and sketching fossils
don't want ya to get all sentimental on me, but it was :)
really .. are you sure ... The right number .. well either way he's doing great .
@ Caffination in Philly finishing designing the book layout.
Haha! So you're a BTR addict?!
my fav is me and bobby mcgee. I also like cry baby.
Terra Nova, Alcatraz & Touch. 3 smart interesting Fox series I got invested in. All 3 cancelled after less than 10 wks. Yet #DWTS lives on
Wow. If you wear a tight shirt, you wouldn't believe how many guys help you bag your groceries. Didn't think I was being that risque.
let's hope he's pn the football team “: Just got punched 3 times by a black dude”
Take a windex bottle. Clean it out. Fill it with blue gatorade. Walk around Walmart squirting it in your mouth. See what people say.(:
I have just realized that facebook killed friendship. in its place we have friends.
Day 1 of #BikeRSVP in the books. Sun finally came out for the awesome final stretch. Operation "sun's out, guns out" back on for tomorrow.
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Yes! RT : A2 face to face adds the icing on the cake for meetings/convos in virtual world
Drank 1 gallon of coke now can't go to sleep!!!!!!!
My god are you annoying.
Natural Born Killers, what a perfect movie to break in a new TV! :)
lol RT : Naw yo even Jojo coulda sold more records than that son RT : This is a marathon not a sprint..
It's -15C. Greenbay must have brought the cold. Predict the score. Closest wins a Safari Coffee Club membership value$78. Bears29 Packers 27
": "Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you." ~ Oprah Winfrey #quote"♥ IT! How are you?
I played it once. =( We do need a sleepover!
Meryl Streep I wasn't rooting for you but your speech won me over. Best speech of the night for sure.
Besides the fact, they always have some sort of sponsor on the TV(ex.Every in car cam has that driver's sponsor on it.)
Storage Event #3, at least it is happening with all the Vendors on the Conf. Call
It moves me... everytime n never enough. Cuz it's beyond the realms of us all n totally unforgettable..
lol hi missy bye missy love u more & don't 4get to think about the trip I txtd u bout
So modest!
"A walk along the beach for there are those who cannot walk."
I hate these things. #BIRDS! HaHa
dat boy said "hold up let a nigga pour up young freak bitch eat dick till she throw up" nigga u hard on them beats
Is anyone having issues with #EBSCO databases right now?
You get off your ass..and you find that fuckin dog!
Nice post Awesome!
thanks for favoriting it it made my day/week/month/year it's the little things in life <3
I'm jealous of the life you live!
Looking forward to #EarthDay? We are! What's more considerate of mother earth than energy efficiency?
However, if a person is going to make a false claim of following the teachings of Christ, don't expect me to let it slide
why aren't YOU funny then? Answer me that!
in short: fuck you hipsters
thanks, and you too!
Best Buddies Tampa Bowl-A-Thon is on Saturday, Oct. 22 at 12pm-3pm @ Pin Chasers-Midtown! For more information check out our facebook page!
Omg ha RT How many homeless people do you have to kill before anyone cares?? I'm up to 15..
Summit Financial Group Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
It was probably from the fashion show! :)
LOOK at the future president of France..
I vote for "Cram it in the boot" as the funniest commercial. Small Darth Vader gets the "cute" award.
or wait until she gets drunk and just leave ;D MAN I want to go!!!! WAAAAHHHHHH Just another month and a half and maybe I will :)
": After a two hour drive, a ticket, and a detention for leaving school, I am here to see @ the Rave! #sopumped" ;)
it's banging tonight here too
your a
Exercise from David Breslow: "If I just got out of my own way today, the 1 thing I know I need to do is...._____________"
doesn't matter but you don't really need to, unless you're having problems. Though, you'll need to charge it every night
Media co has ordered evacuations. Not confirmed
now y'all arguing over phone apps??lmao!! I bet it was a Nigger who spark this off....dumb fucks
General Sorenson CIO-G6 talked about streamlining app acquisition into contests with 30 - 60 day sprints for deployment. Good luck.
Peter Dinklage was in The Tick? If this guy gets any more awesome I think the world will explode!
“: Well since Feb 28 (start of conf tournaments/HS state tournaments 9 times teams have fouled and 8 have won game...)”
Who's down for a new goal? I wanna make every word and action something to be proud of. Let's change the world. Happy Monday. Be strong.
Thank you for following. I always follow back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe
Nothing like a little penis talk to start the day!
Don't miss the easy opportunity to expand your art collection June 10-12 @ The Jazz Gallery Benefit/Auction. Eclectic is our middle name...
RT : A new corporate tax report means a new hashtag. Follow #CorporateTaxDodgers to keep up with all the news.
Some of this Kentucky Derby coverage is pretty funny. Reporting while riding a horse? Impressive, yet a little sad.
No, I dunna think so. ;)
Ride the Beat Tour is in town! afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) this Saturday
indeed. My favorite radio station dedicated Given to Fly to him tonight. I shed a tear.
love it!
you're going to eat the whole box =P
Nobody knows what I'm feeling inside I find it so stupid So why should I hide That I love to make love to you baby
I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup. And I don't really put video on my android.
haha yes. It was good!
Just finished book "When God Whispers Your Name". We can also use inspiration to run our race.
Thanks a lot! It's going through the editing process right now!
Happy Fryday tweeps! Are you doing anything fun this weekend?!
Best conversation of the day: hearing our clueless talk to another team's clueless bus driver about what's going on in the tournament
In Australia they play Game Night on the beach. Weird...
😢 I hate making power point, but now I have a new respect for them. Because a bad one makes you just want to scream...
There is always a better way. -Thomas Edison
Thanks for making us proud. Best of luck in your future.
Master Sergeant Andrew Layton is our Lead Alto. You can hear him throughout the recordings on our download page.
Congrats going 50-states 6-day in prime-time on Sirrus XM ch 125 I hear the sounds of
Inspired by the #gradnation summit? Call Congress and explain how #nationalservice can improve graduation rates 1-855-877-3783
we talkin bout s.w.a.g
Hey New York, come see tonight at 10:00 at AMC, hurry before they sell out!
yeah dude it's so stressful, I'm taking a class right through Princeton and its 6 days a week, I have time for nothing
Gym time. Got get it when I get it!
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
They won!!! Woot! Woot! Now that Dallas took the win. The Ravens will take the win too RT : lol thanks jess!
Cooking steaks on the grill for the fam!
Preparing for the North American Engaging Times Summit 2010 in Chicago!
Birthday not coming FAST enough 12.9
hey, I was sitting with brian when I published. 9:30 on the dot.
Expectations means dreaming big!! Do not limit God because of what your past experiences have been, or based on what others may say.
*smooches* Here is to winning my way to the LA Beauty Event
RT "As non-profits, we fight from a place of scarcity, instead of share from a place of abundance." -UW Colorado CEO
It seems really unlikely that the #Celtics will get Chris Paul in a trade for Rondo, but if it did happen, it would be awesome.
: go kelly.
Are there any hackathons in support of/solidarity with the general strike on Wednesday?
love that song!
just cause you say no homo doesnt change the fact that it is homo
Love yourself so no-one has to.
#IWantYouTo break down the weed so i can roll up
twitter and wine = a winning combination!!!
May the 4th be with you
somebody been watchn my fb & Twitter reportin back to oh boy !! Ctfu
How was everyone's weekend? I got some amazing things coming up this month so stay updated with Facebook and my Website! :)
Did you get number? Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Great result
#Hm They say we make our own destiny but as we run into people we should, do things we never thought we'd do, i wonder..is it all preset?
C Webb is a top 3 color commentator in the game
Only a true fatass would trade nuclear weapons for 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance
I am at work ready to get it in..let's go..
Writing fuel: Teavana's "Citrus Lavender Sage" over ice. So flippin' good.
no prob! Should be fun :)
Im back bitch :-)
Yay! 5 more days till my birthday! :D
Listening to #tweet.#learn.#lead but geared to educational leaders...oops
BREAKING: Report of fire on the roof at Mercy Hospital in Aurora.
you sound like you were an amazing child! Ps will there be a chance to meet you after the show Monday night?
no stop
one of the illest dudes out right now
i have some of those, but they're the all berries kind.
I got way too attached to you
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 8-10 w/ Attorney Ward White & Guest Panelists&Party After
Send a smile for make someone smile week! To Send a Smile Today call 800-873-1348
Bless you
Just had my headshot taken at a traffic light. Think the courts do retouching?
We're excited to see the show. If you don't like this type of show, there are more than 100 others in Vegas each day. :)
i find it ironic that a mexican couple came into work with a baby wearing a shirt that said "all american boy".
#FF Amazing alumni continued:
Hey Vanes. shoot me a DM. Want to talk
the dude abides. ;)
There arre so many cute couples im like hi forever alone Cheergirl<333
I wish, I wish that we, that we could make this work. I know, I know we couldn't have known. I see, I see that there's no future here.
Wade hendreson felt those events showed racial profiling impacts all Americans not just Sikhs in airports.
I need u 2come2the station🚓
thanks for making my evening a bit more bareable ;) now off to wrk!
doesn't *lol* look like a drowning cheerleader?.... weird :/
Sweet! Strasberg is a great program. Good luck!!!!
Nice day to skate in AZ!
Used the word "besides" twice in one tweet.
How long does it take to reverse moderate gum disease?
well then merry christmas, KISS MY ASS!
So how is everyone doing? Haven't been able to talk on Twitter in a while. Say hi!! :)
Doesn't everybody? RT My stomach hurts when I get hungry 😣
Research shows that you can drop your heart dis risk by 22% by eating beans/lentils 4 x week.
thanks so much! Follow us to be the first to know when we hit the shelves!
one of the best movies I've seen in a while.
Rain or shine we're still working hard: Delivering 2 dumpsters to a new remodel job starting in Bellaire. Can we help you with your remodel?
the mets will tank and david wright will be ours
I watched "Troy" last night with Brad Pitt and he was beautiful in it.
Dont forget to send your info so you can get the diamonds are a girls best friend wall paper for your cell phone and computer!
Life is too short to hold grudges or hate. Enjoy the time you have now with your loved ones because tomorrow is not promised.
Anyone wanna give me a reality check? Because I'm floating on a cloud right about now.
#Np church on the moon
Goodmorning . Hope everyone has a BLESSED Sunday (:
I'm in the Hole! Cindee got delayed though :(
Me: I take drugs. Mum: WHAT IN THE NAME OF-- Me: Tomlibacco, Payne Killers, Styleroids, Malikjuana, and Horoin. Mum: That's 1D. Me: Exactly.
i love the rain, but i want some snow!
it's not always about where you're going, but who you're going there with.
You still have a Black Berry. No Razr for me, but earlier version of a smart phoen. Either way time for an upgrade soon.
you win a husband, uninterrupted starting dec 16th. Hahah, seriously I'm so proud of what the guys have built!
cant wait to go get that magazine next week. im pumped :DD
guess ill say good afternoon
looking forward to Ingrid Michaelson @ 8:15 pm Thursday night. Rain or Shine!
I'd say you have about 15 minutes before the CODE ADAM happens ;)
We sang this song for my granpa's funeral last weekend he was a huge baseball fan and it was so fitting for who he was.
Er... Live show this morn, Sir?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 12
i'm annabelle. I liked youre profile cause i play guitar too.. :)
okay (: thank you! your imagine will be up soon!
RT "You can't fight for the equality of yourself if you’re not willing to fight for the equality of others.” via
we focus on 303 Squadron as it's the subject of r most recent book. Can u recommend one about the others? Thanks for pointing out!
C u tonight. All warm and lovey. 6:15
He signs them bo because he stinks
how have u gone so long not getting signed!? You are the best thing that's ever happened ! Love you <3
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY!!!
“The rightness of a thing isn’t determined by the amount of courage it takes.” ― Mary Renault
UNC's lengthy post defenders just too powerful for Creighton! Gotta start swinging the ball on the perimeter and look for quality shots.
TYVM! RT : Donated 10 boxes shoes for #haiti relief. #abq u can drop shoes @ 4th st at z-coil. MASH UP THE PLACEgive thanks!
you are the sweetest kid ever 💙 I love you Mikey 💙 I think that's so cute your bestfriend is your sister(: love you<3
All you really need In life are your real friends/bros
RT : "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different."
Thanks once again, NYS, for taking it to me this tax season.
So stupid. Right up there with posting their FitBit stats. Not appropriate in a professional setting, IMO.
I will be out of work as of 7/31... They've given me my notice, girl!
Damn.... That sux
I used to hate the world, now I just hate everyone it
Jeff Foxworthy: "Here's a redneck word for ya: initiate. My wife ate two hamburgers initiate a bag of tater chips."
Anyone have decent ideas for lit. mags to submit poetry too? Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
Now my mom is making fun of the way I talk #SickPeopleProblems -_-"
i lived in Rancho Mirage for years, but then just traded one desert for another... i long for rain...worse here than the Springs
Damn man,your Morgan Freeman is spot on! Great job,loved every minute of the show~!
Did You Know: 37% of the Harry S. Truman estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
...and one is getting over a torn ACL himself and will maybe only be ready by fall. not good. we have zero playmakers. zero.
Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
Thanks Rachel!
well you can say most steals in a game can be cause by a lack of paying attention right ?
we are at the winter wood inn!! The best b & b in the world
ugh its barely tuesday lmao!
Well, hi there !
"Facebook & Adobe relationship has grown over the years! " Facebook VP for Global Marketing Solutions
Well worth seeing. Important message RT : A must see RT Tonight, I’m moderating panel on important doc
I am so grateful that GOD has blessed me with a discernment of Entery,Spirits & People!
my back hurts I feel like 👵
Was there a Twilight Zone episode about an African American president arguing for state's rights on a civil rights issue?
alright 1. u need to be able to tweet :O cus thats kinda why i need a co owner.. cus i dont have the time lol
Please Check out , that's our main account, or , our Creative Services and Social Media Director
I am highly disappointed in the way does biz. You try 2 do something nice 4 some1 & then get nothing but the run around.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
If vodka is called hard alcohol are wine and beer considered soft alcohol? 😝
Don't overstuff your bag. That makes it more likely to get damaged.
Smartphones should come with a free toilet because, have you combined the two?
it sucks when you have someone in your heart , but not in your arms .
Ink comin soon:)
Go #Badgers, get in there!
Sounds like a plan! You gotta make sure to send us a pic of you with the shirt on so we can add you to our LD Crew
Just the Facts: Kids ages 3 to 11 prefer pizza over all other foods groups for lunch and dinner.
"Flattery and slander are the two ends of the serpent's tongue." ~ Elisha Hale
RT : Gonna be a lot of undergraduates setting foot in a library for the first time tomorrow, I think...
I realize this is NYC &diversity/tolerance are staples but do you realize you're kinda hefty &just ordered half a chocolate cake?
I must be realistic - willful wishing and pretending will not solve the problem, not even slogans or happy epigrams. [1945]
#LetsDoThis today, I'll give you free advice. I just want you to know your options.. Ignorance is not bliss people.
More good news! has raised $385, $560, $310 & $489! Spread the word!
you did a good job yesterday at macys!!! you've inspired me even more!! please RT <3 i love you,please follow me!!!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.....
Congratulations! RT : looks like im going to St. John's University, cant wait to get there
HATE:The brokeness, hurt, pain, insecurity, unfulfillment, neediness in us, loathes the Joy, happiness, confidence, independance in others.
i was just so buttered bro haha
Congrats Hailey Anne Nelson on your new different kind of job...TCBY Germantown. Anyone up for a yummy treat?
i just at some mike an ikes berry flavored
I tell you what, Twitter works. Learned a lot about the NY Times and ND recruiting in about 60 seconds time this afternoon.
D'aww he's so cute.
Thanks y'all.
no I don't know of any that exist, b/c of the problem it would create in dim illumination
Its my pleasure locating dead beats for obvious reasons, I also take satisfaction in locating witnesses. Their testimony can win the case.
ONE MINUTE WARNING! Thanks for the awesome #edchat tonight folks :D
Orphan therapies require a patient-centric development plan. Focus on patient experience to drive commercial adoption
Cameron, you're only 1/4 Latina. Never put your butt next to JLo's.
RT Instead of driving, ima walk to the store. I need to exercise anyways
This Louisville/Florida game and 'Cuse/buckeyes game is gonna be a dogfight. #stilldancin!
Love should never stay quite; tell tht person how u feel bout them no matter wht; dont stay quite:))
Hope you're right!
Playing MW3 With my brother :)
you can get tickets at the door. 12 buckss :)
YES!!! RT : Our appetite must be for a world in which human beings work together and empower each other. #stooshpr ethos
in line about to meet Patti Lupone, apparently the gays are fans of hers?
call ur team ex nugget western conference playoff team knicks out 1st round to whoever u play melo hogs the ball that will hurt u
#SupaXDupaXStarzX follow new list
Sign up for Patti's cooking demo at Central Market 3/30 Armenian Easter Feast. The 1st class of it's kind- historical & culinary delight!
Zynga And Online Gambling: Not An Option - Seeking Alpha
I know! I was watching it!(:
Get better and better every day.
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
This is awfully boring without you. If only I had waited!
Thanks Hannah! I lost mobility in part of my right hand but I'm hoping it's only temporary : /
. we would love it! Box for scratch paper is at side of the Info Desk. Desk staffed to 5 today but box visible if u come after 5.
How many of U guys Blog? I've never been much of a Blogger
Finished Edison Field- will send to printers, takes several weeks to get back first proof. Working on birthday ball now.
Im getting ready for school , while listening to your music (:
b day lunches are gay.
At least one of the words in "nerd culture" is wrong
I saw Footloose (2011 not '84) and now I want some boots like that!
“: no games im serious double dare !” who double dares anymore?
Still woke.
we all have friends and we have good friends but the greatest kind of friend is your best friend they are there through thick and thin
I can't wait to throw the bum out but had voters been less apathetic he wouldn't be in office in the first place.
In my house it's called the butt bread
The crowd breaks into a cheer in response to a tow truck that passes over I-10, its horns blaring.
Pan dulce, yard sale, and menudo w/ , and Workout, dim sum and swimming in WeHo. What a great morning!
Shooting all day at the studios.
kiss your man or woman tonite, for no reason at all, just give them a kiss...
hey, thanks!
Dude i'm not going to date her bc her boobs are big! :O Yeah i did. Shut the fuck up! now u kniw why i ain't dating her sis
took wed and thursday off of work short notice thought id get yelled at but this is huge for my futuure
r u feeling better? cuz its nice out and i wanna walk jack,. wanna come?
While watching Hugo for the 2nd time, it's fun to see Asa Butterfield's height change throughout the movie. Puberty + shooting out of order.
are you in town or out of town? Just reco-ed you for a gig.
It's my favorite game, play it all the time. Thanks for closing the circle.
Woah.. It"s stormy in the Rain Forest Cafe...lol!
Ill carry you home.
4 AM? Omg! Lol it's only 11 here :)
One last hurrah!
You know you're being strangled by climate change when you can't wait for the 55 and mostly cloudy weekend.
hmm another one bites the dust....
That dope ass idea I Just came up with for my next tat I'm.such a genius
If there is any one person in the world I can be most proud of, it is definitely Kandice Stover. Congratulations on all that you have done.
When the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie.
One thing about a CP3 team is he never lets his guys quit. Hell of a comeback tonight after being down 27.
We'll take it every time!
yo you got any tracks you want me to hop on?
oh i heard about it! someone told me but they didn't know the teachers name.. tell me about it tomorrow!
It felt really good, like getting an extra 50%.
very well done. Thanks for sharing.
I havent told him exactly what i heard I just told him I heard something abt him
And honoured to have had you as a student! Think I posted it before it has been fully edited. Whoops!
Thanks for the Love! See you on 4/22
"searching for my yellow umbrella"
hello?? Call me?? Miss you!!
where'd you guys getting it from?
You guys need to do a movie together! I feel like you two would have sparkling chem on screen!
1000 followers! Boom! Thanks for your support and feedback! Means a lot!
Might try that again, but the last time I did that, they had CNN going in the lounge! I don't even need quiet, just no CNN/Fox.
I'm going on 5 mins and one dog looks pissed, the other seems let down
me too
Within the next 3 months, I will inspire everyone on Earth to use pendulums to get answers to their questions. One big pendulum club for me.
So sick of not being able to do anything without being in constant pain. Including laying down.
I follow Natalie cuz she's incredible!
This past week has been amazing! I wish I could go back :)
happy early birthday!!
u here?
hanging on a telephone wire ;o
saw that video you posted...please know your limits. Can't end up like what you all witnessed!
same! I can't wait to start planning the decorations and all ah! 🎉🏠👍😄
You'll dig it! Let me know what you think!
Jared Sullinger was average in the biggest game of his life.
Randy Moss. If he had 1/2 the work ethic of Jerry Rice, he would be the best WR ever. Lack of determination only shortcoming
"Faith is the ultimate tool of survival, and a gifted knowing to us all"
Today, we're dancing. Play.. Shake, Rattle & Roll 💁
If they were good at branding they would have jobs and be at work now.
Amen! RT : I want to say something witty and intelligent about the time change, but I'm too tired.
definitely looking forward to hearing that Howling' Rain album, Rick Rubin seems to bring out the best in bands
where do u go to school. My school is just like that
foreal bro?! I meen I haven't read up on anything like that in AZ yet, but that character McCain probly gots something pland
forever young :)
A friend of mine is currently slinging Ruby at Goldman! Also, I love O.
that sounds awesome!
Nothing like a mani & pedi to make it feel like a vacation is about to begin #dgbreunion :-)
Ok...what is a better invention A) The Sharpie Marker, or B) The Trailer Hitch???? - Wes
Watched Crazy Stupid Love; realized that is structured as a full out Shakespearean comedy. Basically Much Ado About Nothing...interesting.
Biogenesis - Harmonic Science
He draws one to his 2345 nut badugi.
I grip it and I rip it.
whoa whoa calm it down killa lol
pesos? schmesos. north o the border tonight. taking a break from the boys.
Now I will only be impressed if there's a bugle accompanying your entrance...
UGH one more day.
Just woke up from my nap that shit felt good..why care for someone who dosent care about you
she's a friend of mine. She's very nice and fun to talk to you.
Anthony Davis is a stud but Jeff Withey is a big time game changer too. Contains well on D and blocks shots.
A mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
3:30 ABC/ESPN RT : What time is that one cuzzo? RT : It's Miami / FSU game day ppl! It's all about #TheU baby
Make some noise if you're a fan! & his team are haded to the #NIT semifinals in Madison Square Garden!
Avengers was a good Movie
Thursday feels like Friday & its a 3 day weekend, so glad there's not a time change in the mix
...feona Apple....I thought she was an actress?!?
Especially since TSC isnt on it.
Happy Veterans Day
did anyone have a MyYearbook page? lol
where are you from?? You look just like one of the females I went to undergrad with!!
Check out "Cool Breeze" tonight Candlelight Room 9pm dwntwn Portland, OR--. Can you find the MI11 guy? vSB
My pleasure :)
I know. I was just messing with you.
I just balled my eyes out #watching the grace card
I don't know what this is all about but I want to go!!!
heck yes!!! We have to catch up. I haven't seen you since new years
Love will find a way....music is my guide
Dear Algebra, stop asking us to find your X, she's not coming back.
Sending good vibes to for tomorrow's race. GO DESI!
Haha no its fine! I'd be bored at home anyways :)
Sex sells—a historical fact, ranging from the odalisque to Beyonce. Are bodies on reality TV part of an economy?
I've met a hot stripper named Shannon...just sayin
Time to call in the CSI.
Thought I was done with pointless English class after high school... Guess not
- had a quick question about your twitter handle - time to talk?
Nobody bother me. Highlander is on. Best. Movie. Ever. I believe my inner sci-fi geek is showing.
Happy 4/20 to all the weed smokers out there. Was in south beach this time last year they really know how to celebrate
Have you been to Boston before?
I'm with you on that.
It's funny because it's not true at all
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Seriously??? At a kidtoon movie event, and the projector isn't working.
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." Charles W. Chestnutt
Good luck to everyone doing exams!!
thanks man. same to you! check out my shots of and if you dig it come shoot a show with me my dude
Can't find wallet, keys, or anything in this house. This will be an interesting year...
RT : Thunder came to play. I got yo thunder rite here
you ain't Charlie sheen
In the e:60 bit, there was a pic of a young Rodgers with a Packers sweatshirt. What is the story behind that?
Its on april 27!!!
No I don't love you I just thought you were cute, that's why I kissed you.
Looking for locals on #B2B, anyone out there?
I love "Fan Night" Let's go Mavs!!! Keep dropping those threes
Have you guys ever thought of doing like an All That reunion special? Just watched Good Burger, made me miss all those guys!
Wait, actual Cheap Trick -- not the Cheap Trick Experience?!
haha how do i what ? :)
Smooth! Best so far tonight in my book! You got the moves like Jagger!
Was looking at pictures of One Direction and when my brother was annoying me and instead of screaming Jimmy(his name) I screamed Harry!
Losing my motor skills quickly...
do you think stamina was a issue in the first fight vs you seemed to tire during the the bout?
Don't forget to delete those default user accounts when you're setting up a new instance of
Always said ATH should have been an hour, 2/wk. 1st & 10 needed to be put down years ago. ESPNArgument should be a sep channel.
LOL..let me know how that works out for you!
There's no such thing as a bear sheriff
Lots of good, fun ideas thrown around w/ and at 12th Street Tap House tonight.
ever wonder what a bassett hound and a pug would look like? I didn't but I can tell you it's not that cute. Not one bit.
favorite "lower third" yesterday was the player tweet tracker.
Gotta wonder how many of my high school classmates are just now regretting their decision to follow the life coaching of Good Charlotte.
Margs, chips and guac with my hubby! Beautiful evening, get out and enjoy it!
I'll be home for a couple days fathead.
I fear crossing the fine line between "staying in touch" and "being a pest"...always have!
Truth~~~~~~>RT : if a nigga has bad shoes...he just stink, period lol
love the new blog, chic. Props.
I told you!
can't DM b/c you are not following, if you can call me 619-243-3722
I like the Bill Cosby and Lil Bill thing....Dope
What is everyone's fav cell phone game? My all time favs are word mole and snake
Had a great time of worship & teaching today home always enjoy seeing the people there smile & sing along
Yes, only because I saw 's reply to you. Adorable!
Why,Tom Brady, you look like someone just walked over your grave.
This is true. :)
happy to collaborate on a workshop presentation-could b abt the neg impact of parent grading legislation!
kewl, I'll get to those later
Study: Pollution masked warming over eastern US in 20th century - EarthSky
so they feel like the worked out longer than they really did. Or they don't like their homes haha
I'm 41 "Quite Noisy" but I mostly blame that on my RTs not my #MCDM hashtags :-)
Not even going to walk into Steve Madden...
Why does the "in reply to" link just show the same tweet? It used to actually show the tweet they were responding to.
your welcome anytime and hell yea I'm in the avengers!!!!
Surgeon Gen Dr. Benjamin "I understand that it needs to be profitable" but "Let's make preventable medicine joyful"
Thanks for the retweet!
Great read.
Today is the day that I might get a call that says that I might be able to go to the Abramovic lecture. I'm lookin at you,
she's got mad talent!
Hello Tweeters!
#10FactsAboutMe 3) I don't mind losing, but I never play to lose.
Haha yes, and
aww! I wish! we could go eat, get out nails and hur did, and shop til we drop! *snap* and what?!
Because they are the Jets
IT'S GOTTA BE MAY.
Happy Easter everyone! Retweet if you're nomming some great food today!
Are you a hockey fanatic? Head on over to the tonight for the Stanley Cup Playoffs & Boneless Wing Wednesday!
Hey! For Christmas i would love a present of 600 followers! I will start following once im up to it! look at my bio!
I regret paying A for years before learning that they support anti-transit organizations :/
Hey tweet peeps! Hope you're enjoying the NCAA finals!
Fa sho bro.
stopped by Fye at the Castleton mall in Indianapolis and picked up your CD. Loving it.
Haters gonna hate. I love mine. RT : It sounds like there is a lot of issue with this phone I am a lil nervous now lol dam it
At Fela with & Desiree. Too many things. All fun.
good nite tweetzers :) exhausting day , nd the funny thing is i did exactly nothin' . lol
love this song....cant wait for the nyc show. Maybe get a chance to meet you guys too.
RT Duke has a playmate...an 18 mo old labrador that needs exercise and they play well....there is a God!
thanks for the mention! Looking forward to tomorrow :-)
did you see this inforgraphic on angel investing...
iu dancers, just sacrificed a ton for you
with arms wide open, or with a** wide open? See...I tried to warn you. :-\
I wish i could light a candle and transport to Hawaii like the Glade commercials.
where is Cole Trickle?
Well I can wait.
soul sister!!!
IT SO COLD IN THE D! I'm going to have that song on repeat until you get back.
writing my own BLS :) anyone wanna read it & tell me what you think ?
I have a bad feeling about this.....
Happy mothers day mama
Makes me want to go to law school.
the ultimate Stay Down
#GasPrices are insane! Kickballers posting $100+ tank pix left & right. So get 300 signed up by 3/8 to get a party bus from 1st game to bar!
I would love to have you review my book, Passage to Heaven
just recently edited a nonfiction piece & published it as an ebook. My blog that I do twice a week, the posts normally are 2-4k words.
Before I go, just want to let the world know that I had a strange dream involving Hugh Jackman, a closet, & a flashlight that didn'r work.
apparently I'm not to creative tonight, bleh!
All you night crawlers, can't stop won't stop!
Thank you, Starbucks, for your holiday items. I don't care how bad they are for you--this Caramel Brulee latte is saving my life!
You should text me (:
i just got one :D
You and Austin have been bestfriends forever. Hopefully he doesnt forget the followers before now and his BESTFRIEND! <3
Wish I could have been there in the flesh! But following the action on Twitter is pretty fun too!
two words: super. grover.
Otw to the work spot
I bought my ipad2 vga at Target. They had a ton when I couldn't find them anywhere else.
Personal appearances should not be show fodder. Isn't "fodder" what you feed to a horse???
who says school can close in two weeks? i am not ready!
Jim Grossman says: indep rsrch libraries can teach what's not being taught in grad schools but is important for scholarship.
I have a situation where House was flooded by Error of Landlord. Need your Expertise,he is trying to Evict us.
I'm scared
Are you high right now??
My dad is at the kasbah....him and his motorcycle club!
Come sit on my lap :)
Just think.. under the clothes the boys wear.. They are NAKED.. ;D
400 M FB fans, each averaging 6 1/2 hrs per month on the site. That is more than 100 M days on FB of time monthly. Think about that.
Regardless of your politics, for certain belly laughs, follow The one posted on January 12th from Comedy Central - grt!
and now they're going at it...the gov.t peeps said they arent the only ones watching...im so confused,are they like
You're in midseason form.
I forgot to eat today.
oh shit, B. Triche is smiling folks!
Just got home from playing soccer(:
happy new years... you sure they aint fireworks... lol
We miss you 💔
i'm asking for one for christmas!!! #crucial when there's no garage!
Chuck Bass > anyone else on Gossip Girl
way to finally open your eyes..haha kidding but really he's good real good live too and he's a nice guy. i'll introduce you sometime
You have the right to remain silent.. Okay thats what I'll do Officer!!
Greeny, Denver has more sunny days here than the 'sunshine state.' #Fact We have Indian summers throughout winter
Awesome! RT : Amazing how many compliments I get on my #317 tee!!
No weapon can sever the soul from me.
Not watching the fight but I guess bieber walked out with mayweather, and y'all hating!? Why!?
Before college I never realized the ridiculous amount of news coverage the Browns get relative to the Cavs & Tribe. Insane.
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future. ~Shiloh Morrison
blowing up some stickam so if eny one wonts to cam just send a invite to ur thing
sorry to hear that :(
Tip & Tricks: Don't be hesitant to go to booths/talk to recruits you are unfamiliar with or wouldn't normally approach....
Who's getting #FlowersForMom, this Mother's Day? We are, of course! :)
Good morning! :) How was your weekend?
Hey Omar! No gang ties here, guys. Just trying to build a positive new local brand.
Shame you aren't making popcorn.
Gen X also known as latchkey generation due to spike in divorce rates
Good ask, you may just get it!
Killing it!! That's all I have to say!! I love selling boats!! Especially really cool ones...
It really is. :)
BTW, nothing straighter than getting on top of another dude and giving him a haircut.
over the operations of their processes. Also, if the (trained)
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
At bells with the fish, but I'm headed home after the game. Time for the sleep. Might nap and rally.
need prayer?
Chillin and drinking like a mother fucker in pearland, my lips are numb, time to ride! BMXLIFE BITCH!!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 72F Fair: 72F Fair
I am absolutely emotionally exhausted.
subzero eats
Oo yard sales :)
I've tried to speak with you before, to understand you, but unfortunately over the phone and in social media this is what I get.
congrats Matt on a great event for a great cause!
"I'd totally read that book" from a friend of . Words of encouragement HUZZAH!
I'm bouta start looking for my prom dress
really!?! Do you really think thats a point destination!? shame on you for fake mayorships!!!
We work with the most amazing people from all over the world! I love it!
Three of my favorite things are in Austin this weekend: !
Hahaha that entire list is hilarious
rook rook rook!! Lol
GeoCities is now gone. Makes me want to backup everything I have in the cloud. In the market for a 10 TB hard drive.
got it from Netgalley as well - gotta love NG
True. But if the government seeks creative ways to make money i'd add a video arcade to occupy the screaming kids.
anybody watching grey's anatomy?
One day I want to honestly say "I made it".
God dont like ugly.#so u should of died n ya daddys dick
Charles and Baltimore for your Lobster Mac Friday... See you all around 10:30 to 2
Hi. Thanks for the follow. Nice blog.
As much as I like Soledad, Morning Joe is the show that I love to hate. Of course, Mika excepted.
There's an umlaut in reëducating?
Blackberry pie
Thanks for the info...DM us with your email address. We'd like to thank you for the help!
Introducing our site on food allergies - AllergyHome.org. Dedicated to raising awareness in schools and in those without food allergies.
I got the wbc confused with cbc. lol. No whining, understood. haha.
So my car broke down on the way to the chiropractor in front of the high school......
"Looking North" by
Inspired + invigorated by the gorgeous weather--lots of projects in the works!
Poor lil Sugar Shane
Top O' the mornin' to ya! Go Green or Go home!
Thank you for the follow
Good luck ?
we love Njeri!
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -- Abraham Lincoln
Unfilled travertine will undoubtedly require more frequent cleanings due to dirt getting into the holes easier.
Just finished reading Lev Grossman's The Magicians & The Magician King... Great books but seriously bitter ending! Poor Quentin... <3
I'm so happy right now. My rental car is playing What Makes You Beautiful.... Yes.
I already took a nap lol and imma go to sleep really soon
I am above ONLY and not beneath
thank you, friend <3 lets get sorbet tonight please I think I need it.
Our friend Jeff from Will be in the 3rd Ward Tomorrow (Wednesday)! Stop by and see him for lunch!
it was super fun! except my feet were killing me because i was dancing in 4/5 inch heels
I should write a book about the crazy shit that I deal w/ as an indie producer. I'm talking about u but not only u ;)
hey u i got back on finally so follow me
simple . . . simple, that is the word you are looking for.
Ruuunnn for yoourrr livvvesss. One of my friends on Fbook told me that a beaker exploded in one of the labs.
I was gonna say if it's ure left just tape it and suck it up.
Super Bomberman was tremendous. I lost a lot of hours of my life to battle mode.
doesnt look like your super excited to be sitting next to the guy on your right
thanks for the follow
Hey Greg, How are you?
Don't worry.. I never doubted your love fir me ... Ok maybe um a few ..alot...a ton of times
Although obedience IS linked to enjoying life & blessing, it doesn't make us righteous. JESUS' obedience SECURED our righteousness!
I'm about to be fat right now. Snacks on snacks on snacks.
That's one of the hardest things to even know...even when you think you do, it's probably lust anyways...
Potential for good things, constructive things all the same in all of us
I hope the sandals I ordered look as bright as the picture
Congrats on meeting the prez!!! I wanna see pictures of you, the wife, the bow tie.
I don't like any of my COUSINs.....
I think i have been friends with everyone in Clarksville.
Whenever I'm part of a group that gets a text message, I get everyone's replies to the sender. Why? #techdesk #helpdesk #techchat #whichtag?
Hey Wesley! Saw you were in Houston last week! Wish I could've said hi!
I LOVE you guys lol &
I really want to see the Breaking Dawn premiere dressed as a Hogwarts student.
I got over that long ago.RT : Overcome the belief that you must be normal; it robs you of your chance to be extraordinary.
PLEASE follow me!
NOW FOLLOWING FOLLOW BACK : )
we don't fish there?
Jessica is a fine singer but she has no personal style :( Not a super star. Sorry, girl.
Just received a gift set from fan?!
thx for the RT and very glad to see u again at #mptech cc
Data Warehouses are the basic usage profile re. Enterprise #LinkedData (ditto #LOD Cloud) . /cc
YES to Emory's please!
I want one!
Good shit, was actually entertaining to watch SFxT this time!
Really excited about tonight! I say that every Sunday night, but Sebastian Stan is cranking up the hotness!
