Just remember that God's spirit dwell within you, so if you want to do GREAT things, use Him.
It is day 3 of #TBRI! This morning we are discussing the Adult Attachment Interview.
some...if not, they would have to pay more...
... No, if Lebron plays like Normal Lebron, then they will lose obviously. If he plays like Kobe tho...
and the Spirit speaks to us through the Scriptures. St. John Chrysostom
I will definitely be tuning in!
Waking up from a nap and thinking it's the next day
Good grief. The teenyboppers are out in force today.
Who wants to go to the Chefs Confluence conference? Get ready, we are going to have a contest for a spot at the conference, air voucher...
Who's up for Sox to get they're winning groove on at Fenway starting tonight vs. A's?
and want to see radio rebel :D
ticketmaster was funny. me:"I was afraid it would cost $100 to replace." him: "actually, it's $200." me: *GASP* him: "naw, just kidding."
Final countdown to the highly-anticipated girls' wkd/BFF's bachelorette party at
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Country
I can do good all by myself and i can do bad all by myself but i got god on my side family and my job is all i need and god in my life..
Lovatics are fighting on my timeline. *Grabs the popcorn*
damn!!! What it do when you get off.
I'm officially in the smallest hotel room EVER. Like, smaller than my office; maybe even my bathroom
is the girl for that.
I can't qutie find it anyway
So Hallelujah for President's Day!
UPDATE 1-Arizona towns at risk as wildfires hit U.S. Southwest
The new issue is so beautiful. Y'all are doing good work, and better and better.
they're currently being printed once i get them you will be the first one to get one ! :)
"We have come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
54 min. tweets for bb...get your drinks on...and shot!
:-( sorry, friend. Know that "stuck" feeling... And it's no fun.
#Habitat4Haiti will be our theme of this year and our # 1 focus.
Weekend away, then job starts Monday!! Yay!
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
Okay, just retweeted a #catvideo, time for some fresh air & the soothing sounds of the Sand Point storage facility
ha, i thought you might say that - i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!
I suck
Listening to the Casino Royale opening credits song as per usual
y i nvr wear white, black is more my color, yea all black
Join us for the social intelligence session at 1:30pm at #SDLinnovate. See you there!
so like all of em lol I like all of yours too my next tat Is my pin up girl :)
How many of you business owners have ever thought of running a deal with Groupon?
Happy birthday Conan!!!
Ikno man it's been a while beenon my grown shit lolol glad your doing well boo
Spaz if you want,spaz spaz if you want to.
We should! I haven't registered yet, but I almost certainly will be there.
Hustling Monday. Early grind.
Taboo this summer???
how you guys feel about Rocketjuice and the Moon album?
if i find a petition i will post it
lmbo & wht you call yo.hair cut ? Dnt say no fade or a all even lmbo
Watching IU Kentucky is like watching the Notre Dame Michigan football game. I wish both teams would lose
What's Your MOST favorite Music?
we have have 2 little guinea pigs and a diego
how are some groups still on the 9th hole according to leaderboard? #PaceOfPlay appears glacial!
The Buster Posey .300 magnet is TOO STRONG!
Much needed 8 hours of sleep. Time to spin my legs out with an easy, rolling 7 miles on the roads. Got to Recover/ #findmystrong in my #K3's
"paradox" is only a conflict between reality and your feeling of what reality "ought to be." -Richard Feynman
u r welcome
I honestly don't know how 8Flavahz made it over Fanny Pak.
My bro just got into trouble cuss i told him i was gonna hit him back and i did and now im not the one in trouble he is isnt that cool.
Thank you! :) I like it a lot too. I think I may start offering prints of it.
was awesome, what a voice and a love for Jesus.
I think Texas needs a "part time" governor.
im board like every1 im following - thats all i see ppl saying
Were you in school?
lol I will
In addition, why is "bow tie" still two words, while "nevertheless" is still one word?
Last day of Cool Raoul!
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week continues with happy hour beer tasting w from 4:30 - 6:30
can you dm the best email contact for you please? Thanks
Stay tuned for a blog post today!
Ok. So. Are you telling me that "Pilates" are NOT plates for serving pie?
Matt Leinhart will never be a starting qb ever again! mark my word!
Thanks Jen. I was reminded when I got ur email!
the game
"I figured this turd out 5 minutes ago," - a fetus
Im late im late for a very important date...with the library mmuahahah
Yahoo! Thanks so much for the shout. Enjoy. Enjoy.
Looking forward to sharing:! Thanks for the follow: , , , , ,
I just downloaded One Direction's "Greatest Hits" album. It's empty.
Hold on to your seats,it's going to be an interesting weekend.Palestine declaring statehood and the G-7 Meeting.Rosh Hashanah next week too!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 2
RIP Seve Ballesteros, one of the Great Ones!
RT : Waiting for Launch Pad prez #e2conf. Watch #acquia twitter stream for # to text your vote at 11am!!
Do you think they have tryouts to see who's the best at lying down, or is it on a "dibs" basis?
Excited to listen to what Nathan Hand has to say about #socialmedia &
me and josh got jumped
I'm starving, I want some Spanish food
kiddie pool sand box heat lamp
But..why am I watching how high..?
well idrc I'm god wit tht
Love you let me down
Blood Orange san pellegrino is my new favorite drink.
Love those songs that get me hyped for the #SUMMER ☀🎉🍻👙
Welcome :) i absolutely love your tweets like when im down you always make me smile and ik your always here on twitter :) <3
Interning will partly be a culinary exploration of Downtown
I couldn't agree with you more Darren complete disrespect to the talented hard-working entertainers on board
you better!
How else r players $aid “: RT : See how much fun a game is when there aren't a million time-outs called? #Hoopidea”
I need a drink
you suck
Workers think about what they're doing...leaders think about what needs to be done
When will the Brewers be televised?
awesome! say hi for us.
"Over and over and over again we p lay the same old games"
Congrats to Michael Vick of the Philly Eagles on winning the starting job as QB. Its going to be good seeing him n action.
Wondering if all these Mac updates are safe...
Hey, I miss you too.
Tired of YOU.
Any organization, irrespective of the nature of its operations or size, can use #CST without disrupting
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
#RIP Darrell Reynolds, long time basketball and football official, who died in a tragic car accident yesterday.
didn't get a chance to fill out the class form the other night. Tomorrow for sure. Hope you enjoyed your visit
#nwill2011 students really appreciate having a readily available reference point for how to do those processes they rarely do
I'll just take both! Lol
The smell of hash browns right now <<<
Jeffrey Burch giving great background on how Daily Racing Form co-marketed Disney's Secretariat film
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Acura's website just crashed...spend a mill on the commercial and your digi guy forgets 2 pay the web hosting bill...
ha. my old dude said the same thing when he saw the satellite dugout i installed next to my bed. good pierogies?
ya boy vibin rite now (y)
Forgot iPhone at home. Not a freeing feeling.
Trying to get a count for Creighton vs Minnesota game - Noon THIS Sunday at Omaha South HS! RSVP on the FaceBook Event Page!
I just love my life <3
Happy Thursday! What do you want to accomplish today?
In the Kia Hamster commercial, why does the one in the neon shorts have a bulge???
Just a few more days until my New York trip. Girl time and brainstorming with Margaret H Baker!
Busy Beaver Button Co - good people, fast service
WHAT UP! IM AM BACK I MISS U ALL
So, is rad. That is all.
maybe because he can't make 1st team all conference...in Conference USA.
Wait, I mean MURMPC. Model University Records Management Program Committee. I love my job!
if you come to florida I'm gonna buy you a ticket to universal !? (: lol IOVE YOU <333
Six deadly words in a cover letter: 'To Whom is May concern.' Show you know who you are writing to to impress!
Can't sleep. Playing with a story idea in #Dramatica Pro 4.
Watching the #MaddenCoverWinner on ESPN and I thinks it gonna be Cam Newton to win the cover!!
absolutely gorgeous!!!!! Its obvious where u get ur looks!!!!!!!
Apple Mango Tango. CK One. Chocolate.
Black women who say they'll never date a black man are the ones we don't want anyway.
thanks for the #FF shout out. We're honored.
Allen: TDCJ self-eval for sunset review didn't even mention the word re-entry until page 96.
to tim conway
Thanks to everyone that came out to #20MAAB, and +1 to for a great presentation to kick off the year.
RT it's cool doing what I want lol// as usual!! Lol
um...... No, no I am not watching that. Lol.
I wonder if there's footage from the security camera's at SAKI. On second thought, do we really want to see that?
packing going to LA in the morning
Go to the with ! :D on Monday! It is going to be a killer show!
#1donsnl MY BABIES
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont sell my soul!
My airbrush still looks really good!
I can't ( well, I can) believe this!! You are awesome & what a great asset for the community!!!
GoodMorning Sexy Man :)
Whatever happens, take responsibility!
Who do I know that plays Xbox 360 online? I'm gonna setup an Xbox Live acct. this weekend.
No you didn't. He just probably doesn't have that much time for everyone right now. RT : I let down again.
I'm the "brutally handsome" guy in jacket right behind you.
I miss playing AngryBirds
"This Little Piggy went to Prada: Nursery Rhymes for the Blahnik Brigade"....a fun book to read with your wannabe Fashionista baby girls!
There was a drum in the picture?
#askarabella If you could be any celebrity for a day who would it be, & why?<3
that was not one of our makeup artists! but thanks for keeping an eye out for our brand
You're right, it would never work out. You're a PC gamer.
Please, tell me more!
Mentally preparing & positively visualizing building an efficient dept. that successfully helps people w/ med/bh needs get ins. coverage. Om
count us in, do want me to send a check or online? We want to try the new ones!
Got my driver's license! I am a permanent resident AND a Maryland resident :) Also, the nice lady at the MVA gave me candy. Can't complain.
no prob bro, that video came out dope, glad u were digging that fly paper
I need to make sure that one of you will be icing #Gary tomorrow morning at 730.
Knowledge Exchange Institute is now in on the tweeting
hahahaha dude srsly like, who thought that was a good idea.
Is Miami actually decent or did everyone just jump the gun annoiting the Jets the toast of the AFC East?
Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something!!
Batman, Swag, Sexy, Dimples, Ties, Pretty Much Everything!(: <3
Ball so hard... My feet hurt. I need those new LeBron sneakers
wait, are you in #CANADA or #MEXICO?
Getting ready to leave physical therapy, one more class, then I can go home and take a much needed nap! # success !
Dreamt last night that the bf and I were being chased by a man through museums and were given the power of invisibility when we were still.
I wish I would get what I want for my valentines:) I wish a big box would come to my apartment,do me a strip and have a wrap over his dick:)
Lol you are ruining my life haha best line
uh yeah!!
Somewhat. I was sort of tired though...
Joining us from Indianapolis, Indiana, please welcome the Lawrence Central Highschool Marching Band!
Everybody Gonna Get WHITE GIRL WASTED lol
I seem to have that same problem!
you can punk me if you want!
When people try to interfere in your relationship <<<
hell yea xDD
I was proudly going to wear my #HonoraryTuskegeeAirman pin to work today but this horrific cold decided otherwise!
u could make a bestfriend in 1 day
It's sad to see you happy with her :'( I wish you were mine </3
#AGirlDeserves someone to remind her that she's beautiful
I'm about to shoot someone. 
A little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!! #HopeForKadie <3
Hi Ji Suk Yi , I dropped off some letters for you & your team today! Young, driven, inspired young man here.
i want a cadberry egg :( however u spell that lol
Mixing the album. 2012! YEAH!
RT : Take that risk, because morality is a risky proposition: Anthony Marx, PhD #ethicsmatters -DL
So tired all the time I don't get it💤
Fighting it! Fighting it! Must. Get. On. Schedule!
where can I get me some of that??!
Happy Monday!! We're offering first quarter discounts to all advertisers interested in CHI/ SF billboards starting January. DM us today!
#AskAndrew Would You Follow ?... It'd Mean ALOT (;
watching The Santa Clause freaking love this movie =) ♥
Wow, weiner's wife pregnant. Poor thing to carry the child of such a freaking loser.
RT : will winter ever end
Love this quote: I'm smiling because you're my sister, I'm laughing because there is nothing you can do about it...
Back from a wonderful time in Tosa...now I gotta get my act back together. These next few weeks are going to fly!
Just walked outside to blue skies and sunshine... All I need is temps above 50*! ;)
Most people say they lack motivation to get fit...I have found that it's usually a deeper issue...figure out what's stopping u! Work on YOU!
***excited***! Thank u~ "Wanna Say Thank You" is my call tone & "God is Good" has been on repeat dealing since i heard it~
Worried about the flu? Slow deep breathing boosts your immune system...
I hate when people talk about me behind my back/: I'm not in the mood for your crap right now #I'mTiredOfIt
Hate that I had to put the new TX license plates on my car today. 1) They're ugly. 2) I have to memorize a new plate.
My nerves is so bad right now
Elderly lady wearing a "Bottoms Ups" tank top abandons walker & enters 40+ pound dog area of the park. Only she is surprised when she falls.
aww, i miss you too!
1) Log in to Spotify. 2) Listen to "The Knife Feels Like Justice" by Brian Setzer. 3) Say, "Thanks, Red."
A rough day at work makes it OK to spend $5 on a latte, right?
Hey everyone! Don`t forget there`s a NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow this Saturday night at 8:30 PM just on Nick after iCarly!
your momma let you date?
brainwashed by liberals. i think not!
Does anyone need a sexy valentine? Lol
Did things go good yesterday? Or is next Thursday the big day?
I used to see moonwalking dragons and make arrow to the knee jokes like you. Then someone stole my sweetroll.
oh. How comes? You can dm if u want your privacy. 😊
the birthday countdown begins. 27 days left. and im 23. lol
...Yes I'm Ready To Graduate Lol
what is it then, an appliance?
Building and feeding babies is hard. Takes a lot of food. :) Enjoy it!!
Useful reference; thank you! Any more you remember? Did your peers develop with the same consistency?
free BJ's everyone! The restaurant. -_-
Dang nvm on that last tweet, the Heat are bein gay and are playing tomorrow😔
True blood , no wins last nite at awards show. That sucks! I love true blood!!!
Why can't CJ and EW play in the 2nd?
I love dorritos.
this bitch jus made thee worst sex on the beach ever ewwwwwwww
Looks like our phone and email lines have been interrupted. Catch us on our mobile numbers until further notice.
I'm going to lose 15-20 pounds by June 1st. If I fail, then I will make each one of my followers a special present. #MOTIVATION!
and a good point guard at that! this kid is gonna turn some heads
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 14
lawlzzzzz he's the bomb diggity
The short answer is yes. personally, I like just about everything however, my sis can't stand the texture beans (legumes)
getting ready to do a show tomorrow in Normal, IL then off to Kansas State for another one on Wednesday.
glad you like!!
When you get around to asking me out for real, I'll say "yes".
Center has become the NBA's version of the Wide Receiver. Divas dependant on others getting them the ball
Good morning, everyone! We're so excited to announce that is moving into & working with ! Can't wait! :)
Smh it be about that time.
More story boarding tonight for #TheRedRider! This short film will be great
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW I SAID IT
Beautiful morning in California ❤
As always Anthony, you're one of my favorite photographers, always enjoy working with you
RT : Everybody talks everyone listens but some how the truth comes out missing <---
Haha. I hope the new one doesn't bring "Vim" into conversations.:-)
concert tomorrow night celebrating #Cmumusic100 live on
S/O to the City Year Milwaukee Recruitment staff!!!!
RT : "I study Pokemon everyday, now help me 10 year old"
Go Pack Go!
Seems like I'm always chasing a different kind of blue but always coming up red. Can't love another color. Just can't.
im going to the dentist in a little bit : /
finally tomorrow's FRIDAY :)
Lucky! Mine are eh... Haha and that is on the cool side. They are so embarrassing. I am like I don't know you in public. Lol (:
If you act like a bitch, get treated like a bitch.
so is going to be your Reuben ?
Young & reckless
aye bro did he get the session??
Enjoy the show! My buddy was at the Central Park show last night -- Setlist looked amazing!
So you love Jason Aldean but have never read William Faulkner? You're not a real southerner.
It really honestly bothers me when people don't use proper grammer.
is my favorite public library
Watching the US Open Andy Roddick barely won!!!
I think I have too much respect for myself to even attempt reading 50 Shades of Gray.
Convinced that I use LinkedIN correctly by not 'connecting' with people I don't consider to be ACTUAL connections.
Am reading an intriguing book, "Leader on the Couch" by Manfred Kets de Vries with goal of learning new ways to help clients.
Yes come to Playground. It will be a way to exercise your play muscles. With a music theme!
you know im not a player anymore ; so i can gon head and pass my skills down to you
i got mine (:
Im Tired and We Aree Not Even close to my housee -.-
If someone had informed me of all the great gay sex I was missing out on I'd have probably gone to college.
I am making zero apologies for listening to "I Just Called to Say I Love You" right now.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know I can balance everything in my life and #IfYouKnowMeWell sometimes work can take the wheel and foot the gas
These Ruffles good !
Awful, sick the whole time
Gotta love that H & R Block!
W/ this performance, I'm cool w/ her going to Antarctica until we are RT : America is not ready for Nicki Minaj.
#Congrats to all our #high school and #college #graduates!
#FF judge me.
Mamba for Three!!!!
Lol. Okay cool (:
You know what sucks! Buying salads from and finding out they forgot to put the dressing in my to-go bag WHY do you hate me!
Tomorrow's mothers day - don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab! And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
There is a big movement that's starting today. Occupy-Giant Eagle, Heinens, etc., We demand Egg Nog all year round. We demand and love it!
Day off in DC has been sweet. Target, laundry, spaghetti. Back on the road tomorrow to the Norva in Norfolk, ready for southern comfort.
You've motivated us to put the patient first! patient satisfaction leads to better outcomes!
I'm not sleeping in my dorm. This is weird. But hey, at least I get to pull a late night shindig with Misty and Dylan :)
“: Can't wait till I hit the #megamillion tonight ”me too!
Microsoft to acquire Skype, according to Mzuck. Skype CEO: "Hey, hold on a second..."
11/11/11 New Video Release: "The Silk Road", Live from The Stork Club, Oakland CA soc.li/6Fm2RwY
not much what about you?:)
Good luck to everyone doing the #24hoursofdisney I wish I could be there with you. I will live vicariously through your tweets & FB posts.
bollweevilin' it for lunch..wheres my carlos and jose to steal all my quarters?! =)
Ministry Thanks for the retweet. Praying your day and ministry is truly filled with good.
Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage Under Siege: Preservation and Patrimony in Wartim on Indiana Jones : Myth, Reality and 21st Century Archaeol
I want to go to alot more then this
thnx for the follow & if ur ever in the USA love to try ur cookies!!!
YIKES! RT : Apparently, Candace Bushnell's hubby was having too much sex in his city... He cheated & she filed for divorce!...
It amazes me that can't be bothered to create the ability to save payment information on their website for one-time payments.
...can we hang out Thursday night? And Friday night? And all day Saturday?
hey I heard you were a wild one.
event propagation makes my head hurt
In your own life, what extraordinary thing will you create that’s irrepressibly, inimitably, audaciously you?
.. Just looking after my friends :-D
When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include "being awesome at everything." =)
Freedom Makes You Beautiful!
We've had an exciting month, & we're proud to announce that our Imperial Cream Ale won a Silver Medal for Strong Ale in the World Beer Cup!
Maybe they are.
i wish i could just screw it like the other ones but this is like a huge week for me. Cant turn in the jersy, ill break my heart.
You can pick up #MyNameIsMahataa at Vromans, under the "Local Authors" section.
4? Wow, which is the best? 3 for me :)
...likewise.. Just watched your Corian Teaser. I'm hooked!
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
I hear you! Time for them to wake up and make something happen!
I think today is drive slow as hell day. I have 38 projects to do let's drive a little faster.
ehhh i wouldn't go that far lee norman! btw, did you ever remember what you had to tell me?!
Proactive PC maintenance. We work behind the scenes 24 x 7 to keep you going. Preventing problems before they occur. Call 512 873-0447
Thanks sweetie, you too! : ) XOXO
I never wanted to grow up , I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookiess c': Lmao .
Do the flying V!
I made the Dean's list in my last semester of college. Finally.
If you missed my stunning episode of Tyler Perry's House of Payne, you can catch it Wednesday at 10pm on TBS. French Waiter. Wow!
lmao aye man fuck all that
just got starbucks yummy :)
I could really use a Hookah to do some O's (y)
": Telling the truth, then smiling for no reason, and they think you're lying."
Vince Young comes alive in the 4th quarter.
that call was the worse -- the only thing that was wrong and not just bad.
Were da1 Stop Glamour Shop!4 Men/ Women! #weaves #flatirons #color specialist Up dos #makeup artist and full Mens Barber #oakland 5108321100
"A good business plan is key, It will help you see if you want to start your business for real." Jackie Victor, Avalon International Breads
Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go. ~ Brooks Atkinson
A lot of spoil. People out there
Original. RT : Rangers fans chant "Kovy suck" with 17:00 left in period.
I met you todayy:)
Great to see you!! RT : Jumping in late - Hello all
- We're buying our copy! "The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge" now available on Amazon.com & BN.com.
- are you in the US yet?
So, hey, what's up with that Markie guy? He still around? He should meet up with us. /cc
Laying in bed fresh out the shower, contemplating life.
There is pee every where
Uh madonna lipsynching and bad dancing... needs a better bra and different boots she can walk in! Redo please?
Umm, your "pissing contest" tweet might be the best thing I've ever read.
Most women with Mrs. Tebow's condition don't get a Heisman trophy winner. Most women die.
Damn, I love
I feel like smokin
Everyone's breaking down their booths and leaving the #sdp2p event. Hope everyone made grt and lasting connections. See u next year!
Hunger Games again, UK dog stomping Loserville, and possible tattage. Gonna be a good weekend.
I'm wearing my hat cause my hair looks like asshole, just sayin. Haha ;)
RT : Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and dream of who you can be tomorrow.
I'm making up scenarios of us again.
in glad I'm not alone!!
"I don't want the dentist to cry when you open your mouth. Brush your teeth." - my mom to my little sister
thanks ! Let us know how you like it and we can improve it!!
Rolling in Chicago hipster central. @ crocodile bar. Oh what have you done
Haha well just calling it how I see it :P n really? Ur lyin hah
SEP hosts a heart to heart cultural exchange: The session was part of a five-hour International Focus on Teen Culture event organized...
Just came back from a feild trip the scince center was wack af!
Also CONFIRMED, my soul just died a little! RT : CONFIRMED: sign Matt Leinart
LAC gone get that ass slap wit both hands if they dont tighten up 4real
Getting prepared for my third airport trip. #
Who am I??? www.kevinkash.com
if only i had a FAT ASS..
Thanks for the RT
Hey, Hey, We're the Pancakes
Who has checked out the video update? What do you all think? :)
I meant hey you
Come & check out industry night, there are spots left. Plus $5 sangria tonight! Join us
Great choice, dear!
Good call. There's several "states" that seem similar to Franklin in that respect. Such cool little pieces of US history!
I wanted to replace "sadly improves" to "greatly improves" actually...
#ThinkLikeAMan = FANTASTIC MOVIE!! :D
I'm falling apart. I smacked my hand this weekend and my ankle on the dishwasher tonight. One more collision = maybe she's a boxer?
Auto-tuned lip syncing. The worst of both worlds.
TMI... I know but Waxing your no-no area is painful..
FYB! What are you doing tonight in newps? RT : Its Friday bitches!!
Big Bill spies snow outside! Good reminder to Rahm--keep the streets clear if you want to stay in City Hall. I'm here if you need more tips.
Durable Roofing would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
poor u. Hope things change n u get that needed rest
New Year! New time to start with a fresh web site, logo, or branding design@ Contact for a quote
before Nickelodeon introduced yall i had no idea who or what 1D was but now i love yall
RT : is our Business Organizing Expert!!:)
YES...HOW IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION
Thinking about Activity-based marketing for real estate. What do you do everyday that you wish potential customers knew about?
I've become so bad at texting people back. I used to hate those people.
Thanks! Same to you!
The #UMW Choirs "Lighter Side" concert, originally scheduled for 7:30 p.m. tonight, has been canceled due to inclement weather.
When kids try to trick you on April fools day haha
getting ready to walk up 11th. You at conference or hotel?
Music First, Business Always! Make moves!! When the music is done... It's all bidness baby! Don't Front. Get to Fucking Work!!!
Thanks for the RT! Got your eye on one of those jackets?
In true geekdom the only valid answers to "Can you do ______?" are yes and not yet.
strange, I'm listening to Wild Flag right now oddly enough.
You used #Instagram not I think that is hashtag abuse! ie is #4sq is
Good Morning Everyone
All I need is one more year.
Today reminded me of why certain things are worth "it". Carve it up& it all fits.
Watching make Caesar Salad table-side. Does anyone know if restaurants still do this? Bonus if they're doing it in NYC!
RIP DJ Solomon Kahn.
Hey guys, thanks for reaching out to me. I'll check out your music and post for you guys on AHP as soon as I can! ty =]
Goin to sleep. Wake me up and i'll kill you.
aw that rules!! <3 you too!
Looking forward to ! We're walking to for a 3 course dinner!
Catching up on Marvel movies makes me realize that living with Cop is probably very similar to having Bruce Banner as a roommate.
bitch cut me off in the hall today
idk. I'm sure you can contact them about that.
The past two weeks have been really busy for me. I'm getting Max Payne 3 today, if I get enough play time in, maybe a review?
LOL THAT'S NOT AS GOOD AS THAT ALEX ONE THAT THAT GIRL GAVE VINNY THOUGH LFMAO FLMDSKSNJK HAHAHA
Who's playing ball? Not sure on Sunday.
I followed him :D
Well of course! ...At least I know that now haha :)
Homeless people wouldn't be half as poor if they didn't waste all of their money on sharpies and cardboard.
Strategies when program begins, Second – “Try not to hold the microphone by hand in the first minute.”
Keeping you in my prayers...Goes to show how strong people in my family are. :) **hugs** Love you.
From NPR: At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts "Pretend it's Obama."
... Don't I know it. I tried to calculate how many edits it would take... And gave up!
Oh my gosh, that is crazy lol I've never met a guy that hasn't experienced that.
Awful things occurring makes me remember how precious life is.
CRAP. I forgot my world cultures stuff at home. I'm screwed.....
Aaargh! Left my yoga mat at home.
wow...way to stop your own teammate
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King Jr.
I see the adult film stars that was talking about are following you! Must be cause you're full of information...
I feel stupid cuz this is the 3rd time iv been through this and this time it fucked me up the most initially
I hate instagram... it makes me look light skinned in all my pictures. I'm done using that shit.
This guy behind us heckling Crimson is amazing.
Rachel is a one if a kind gold star
Be very strong... be very methodical in your life if you want to be a #champion. ~Alberto Juantorena
Retreating into a good book. Hello Christian Grey
I know lol I love you but I can't agree...we all became fans at some point
Youtubing: Finally, a great discussion opener.
hope to see you, very soon!!
☼ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations. Cornelius Tacitus
What's on your playlist today?
Itailan sausages w sweet peppers and onions tonight for #mondayfunday just as requested!!
Dear Overheard followers, I've neglected you! Have some more love....
: also follow for #5280showdown actions
I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate.
well i appreciate that... keep in touch
that looks deelish!!!!
Talking about how I have a huge crush on at work today, who cares that he is 19 years older than me... ;)
Hey we didn't have a blog writing due for today.. did we? I didn't see anything on D2L..
his big mouth ass
so you used to have this thing for girls named lauren..... i can introduce you to my friend lauren.... yeah.
My check is in the bank & my bank account lookin real fat
Suck my dragon ball's
that was sweet of him! Happy birthday
Cleaning the Blu-ray/DVD shelves. It`s amazing to me how quickly crap builds up on this stuff. Screw dust.
The Americans pulled it off! Great job guys!!
Ready to watch some beisbol
On set! (I'll see y'all bitches a little later!) ;)
Just did an interview with the Jeff Santos show on AM 950 about the #MADMEN S5 Premiere Watch Party DC last night AWESOME!!!
"You can't talk your way out of what you've behaved yourself into." - Stephen R. Covey
"Everything considered, a determined soul will always manage." -Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
S/O to !! I hope you do good at your old school .. I'll miss you :( & have fun being a freshhhhy
Remember that a #landscape plan should address the paths and walks that cut through the growing environment
I'm digging this Saturday lineup - why doesn't the #NFL do this more often (after college FB had wrapped up, of course).
G. Washington's step-granddaughters lived in houses on opposite hills; signaled each other with petticoats out the window.
Pregnant Man -- My Abusive Wife Punched Me ... IN THE CROTCH
Best for uploading is Internet Archive. Most metadata and info available for download
So excited!!
Hello to all of our new followers! We can't wait to see you at Better Block in two weeks!
ok, let me know. When I get to be a little bigger star then maybe I can get a interview with you. ;-)
Yeah she gotta nice voice! RT : thats bro
Monday challenge: up the ante to be more persistent in maintaining standards and quality assurance.
Really missing Desire today. Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew! Where's Claudia when I need her?
my fitness pal app is the shit
we played two dates with a band that lip synced the clean singing... and they are signed.
your roommate and Agnes and Oliver
Small business owners & their friends. Do you know why you're charged a cancellation fee for leaving an ineffective credit card processor?
He say we are going to be dignified, respected and are going to win! Justice for Travion Martin #####
luckiest man alive.
32 could change
Just woke up smoked sour they can smell it in the air
The owner has said on several occasions that he does not care if his politics keep customers away. Works for me.
Set your mind to NOT be easily offended and see how much better you get along with people. :)
Puppy power at the Campus Center today! #BARCS is bringing in pups to help you de-stress. 11-2, rm. 349. #AW!
Lunch plans? Join us for a UK tailgate at Central Bank - downtown Lex. Burgers, dogs and more. Proceeds benefit United Way.
Unstick yourself from your story, Conquer your fears,, Allow yourself to say YES! #lifeclass TY! Thank you
Welcome winter!
I haven't, but I plan to. I can wait for it. Time travel is a sweet spot for me.
lol don't tell him but I love tom ford a bit more :-)
RT Sign up - Building Cross Platform Mobile Apps with Flash Builder. ow.ly/5xh8u
he said me callin him Bubba make him feel like talkin about shrimp lmao
will I ever reach inbox zero????? :[
People With Big Ego's <<<
And artist's estates often block the free distribution of reproductions. Modern art is complicated
i'm listenting to that old song tank on me. imao.
We're happy you like it! Thank you for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation.
Its watch japanese people on tv
In the 83 year history of La Liga no team has ever come back from a 10 point deficit to beat Madrid. #FCB Let's get this done!
Keep working hard and u can get anything that u want
Thank you! Road trip it down and come hang!
I don't know what that is.
Virginity can be cured.
Two women suspected in Wellington car burglaries charged by authorities - WPTV
We all know your talking about me. ;) <21
i wish i stayed out fairfax still...stafford dry as hell..but its raining??
YO! Welcome to twitter bro, and GREAT throwing last night. Ur a #1 on half the teams in the league. So glad to have u in there.
Anyone got Tauschers' cell number?
my #bestdayever would be the day i out smoke and
While excellent advice for IDs, this applies to other professions too!
I hope you do, too! West Seattle is so far away from Ballard!
I like to Abby.
Ariana!!! PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! OH AND IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW AND SING THE CHORUS TO PINK CHAMPAGNE! <3 iLove You
Happy Monday!
thinks Green Day's American Idiot is one of the best albums ever
there are free taco coupons from on the refrigerator xxoo
juan direction.
Got 80 pages left of Brave New World...due tomorrow. Gonna be a long night.
Whew. Now that I've figured out that the client's son on last night's ep of Mad Men was Nick from the show Hang Time I can go about my day.
Alternatively you can use NSLocalizedStringWithDefaultValue() to separate the keys from values to unique them.
lean startups are startups that are built to learn, from the ground up
ahahahaha yeah lame as hell I know. How u been bae
New Boards of Canada album???? Let me live to see that day! Goodness gracious
thanks for that.
I bet it is
- I admire how you pulled yr LinkedIn page and Twitter page together. I could use you as a coach.
I love sharing my sanctuary with my bestie #mybed # nonelesbiantweet
YEAH! Thanks for the update!!
Two teasers at the end of THE AVENGERS (which was awesome) . . . discuss.
Florida in 5 days. Spring break here I come!
I miss you ! Cathy ! Long time ! :D
Deaf people should not be in charge of doing the sound for a show I'm all for equal opportunity but dam the sound man never got it right.
"FORE" more years!!! "FORE" more years!!! "FORE" more years!!!
Monkey grass transanted & weeds pulled from front bed. Time for a big glass of razzberry tea and bit of easter candy.
RT : Thanks for the mention, friends!-> Any time!
Michael Phelps' mom is killing his chances with women. She needs to make herself scarce. Chill lady.
Check out for great kids brain games. Build mental muscle.
lol. Awesome episode. Absolutely loved it.
I guess ill stay at home and find me some more followers
Exercise, it does a body good!
just saw ur tweet. Our apologies, we are twitter handicapped. Hope to see u at the exit in on june 21st!
Hope you had a fun weekend. Any news on Nadia??? I watch her on Dirty Soap on Sunday nite now.
I just may be able to do my ALA presentation slideshow exclusively with pictures. Take that bullet lists!
it was long morning with lots of soccerr!!
Check out the website of my latest film www.thelastghosttour.com
Yall going live ?
shitd! Real nigga convo too! Yo homies don't hook u up with the Beckies! U don't put ur homies on! U selfish! Check my tweets!
mine is so strong it comes in at 2 o clock
Watching love don't cost a thing ,
Discovered kitchen tools for kids. Large handles and knives made of silicone! Perfect for cooking with kids with special needs!
We had some technical difficulties for the last few days, but we're up and running again!!
Razzles are the BEST things ever.
Felt dirty rooting for the Vikings tonight. But hey, it worked, and the Bears have clinched a bye in the first round of the playoffs!
Umm did I miss Mark and Mila's Max Payne II? *brand confusion* Somebody educate me...I'm no gamer-by any means.
thanks for the RT! Did we miss that episode?
This would be a challenge-->Testing laboratory=Every quarter, think of 5 new marketing tactics to try.
awesome! I look forward to it!
Federal Hill has never been infested with so many St. Patrick's Day Douches. Luckily they were all in bed 10pm.
Did you find one that interested you??
KOZO MAN - desk lamp by Kozo Lamp upcycled handmade lighting design - office desk lamps
greyson follow me back please xoxoxoxo
What would the #notoriousbig #musical be like?
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 Can you guys sing just the way you are by bruno mars? :) xx
- Done and done. Missed you guys tonight.
Heyy:) no problem. I'm good how are you?:)
What is 's number!
There's some people i can talk to all day and not get bored.
we really need to start talking alot more again hun. i miss my sexxie mexxie doungen tiger. <3
Not feelin so good today..hoping tomorrow will be better :/
CASA LATINO SENDS PRAYERS TO KANDI & FAMILY..WE ARE HOPING YOU CAN GIVE KANDI THE SUPPORT SHE NEEDS NOW. GOD BLESS YOU!
I know Im wrong for ridin wit the packers and Im from the chi... but theyre good man. Aaron Rogers is out there
How do you quantify the properties of Art, Music and Poetry to enable analysis/search?
Happiness is finally getting to my hotel in Wisconsin!
Hate when pizza delivery man take forever to bring your effin' food!
It Anit how much u score it's win you score!
Guillermo Klein's music is resplendent with time changes that would make lesser players cringe in anticipation.
I guess valentines day wasnt that bad this year... :) got a suprise visit! =D thanks for my gifts babe! Ur thee best! Muahh!!!!
Kill them with kindness.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Time for 3 hours of memorization
so u ready for ur meet?
are when you take a breath and politely tell them to shut the fuck up
wow you're shallow.
couldn't fit it!
So sorry to not be there to investigate! i know you will get good coverage from KIMA... keep them informed!
101,000 views on my YouTube channel. Thx everyone. Have a lovely day
but really someone come find that bug and kill it so and I can go to bed
Fulltime position to provide Physical Therapist Assistant services at the Navy Health Clinic, Naval Air Station - Camp Lejeune, North Carol…
Good insight unc!
the jam of most days.. 'this must be the place (a navie melody)'
wonder when I'm gunna get to see !?!?
Though Rebecca claims you are more prone to possession when you are drunk.
Up super early.
First time in Vail last night. It's like the Disneyland of Nature!
Water management projects: Time to have regulatory mechanism in place
Lol a month ago :'D And omg I hope they don't sneak! :'D
I went out with Louis Tomlinson because I said vas' appenin
I hate having like no followers. -___-
"We have a long way to go, but we are on the right BIKE path to get there.". -Mayor on Columbus becoming Bike City USA
Happy Birthday!!
Start by doing what?s necessary, then what?s possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
But really we have to get those!
Izo just asked if he could touch my nose... Maybe this summer wont be so bad after all.
"Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools." Ecclesiastes 7:9
i just want what I want...
haha yea i get u but hey i like it hw he moves those sexy hips :-)
Juicy juice.
you do all the time! Lol!
anyone break the cycle
&& if I ever fall in love again... Wait !! That won't happen
Out for a bikeride earlier. Saw a group of people passing out beer to marathon runners on Liberty Avenue.
Thanks for following!! :) <3
That troubling incident isn't indicative of this community's character. #HRVA is a fantastic place to live, work and play.
Yep I figured it out. Since #Tebow is going to be a situational player in New York his new nickname is
#DOOL has been part of my life 4ever & I don't want 2 C it go.Lets get w/the program & hire writers who will do this show justice.
Thanks for totally blowing my ability to "weasel" out early!
In SF enjoying #AAOS conference about to discuss Minimally Invasive SpineCare. It's a great day at
I think that she's very interested in Br lmao
Let's go Heat!!!
Currently listening to Beach House's new album that was leaked at IT'S AMAZING.
People still put their middle fingers up in their avi's tho..oh
can't wait to see it!
Any good bars in Denver to drink at?
2days sponsor is giving away AWESOME prizes all day! Make sure u follow to stay in the game!
Splitting infinitives often leads to the inclusion of an unnecessary adverb. Just sayin'.
nice I'll hit you up when I get back.
I wake up just to eat Cereal in bed, then immediately go back to sleep.....
Thanks for the RT!
I Once Saw A Guy Throw Up A Quaalude ..Then Pick It Up Off The Ground And Swallow It Again.
Thanks!! We grow em large and in charge!
welp... I'd like to see you smoke a substantial amount of weed and turn down a cuddle sesh with a bearded dragon.
Why not just morphosyntax?
the only way to find results is by rising above fear and communicate!!!
Looking forward to seeing the footage from shoot.
Having a staring contest with my docs dog.
Can I just get my braces already?!
Twitter's not all fun and games you know. The sooner you people realize this, the sooner I can go back to big labia jokes.
we are so excited!!!
The comcast you get in your room wit that jank ass remote<<<<<<<<<<<
Hi Jennie...love that one too...SongCast has been put on hiatus right now, but we can humm it together!
I am not hungover yet
Thanks for following us Carissa! Do you ever come up to #seattle?
have a great show tonight!!!<3 wish I was there.:(
The history of the world is full of men who rose to leadership, by sheer force of self-confidence, bravery and tenacity. - Mahatma Gandhi
lol, girl u kno i love u, even tho im cheatin on plenty oof females with u or the other way around
could he be the one?
Would love to see the #Caps get Ryan Suter. They need to solidify that back end for next year. Hopefully trade for J Staal (not likely)
Tomorrow is #SmallBusinessSaturday and we have another incredible deal that will start at 12AM (EST)Details will be revealed! Pass the word!
I wonder if Bret Michels would Unskinny Bop in GeekintheSheets gear for you?
Was thinking all day yesterday about my book and character names. Should I make them up or should I use common English names...
that heifer is not a mother she just claims my child as her own!
thank you for your positive expressions. May you have good health and prosperity _/l\_
First Pumpkin Spice Latte of the season. Delightful!
Ergo, Bruce Campbell and Stephen Baldwin are responsible for The Avengers being made.
lol right here wit tha team
We actually talked about your lack of suit. Nice work!
yes calvin had a big one, finally.
Heart goes out to #DRose - Always supportive of Thibs & confident our #Bulls can make it thru. Sad day but still gotta BULLieve
what is the name of this new sight that u sold your painting
Congrats to on securing National Geographic as a digital+media client!
all right, Doc.
not important. rugrats were.
I want to hit it from behind while she's laying on top of the grill on the patio!!
No but really though.... Us girls, yeah... We always know.
The world cafe live 7:30 im going on! Come hang out!
i blame for the pain my arms and legs are in....i'd rather it be my core! haha
RT : RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Her husbands balls....
is it a novel or stories? and sneed, how do you segue?
Me off to Asia in 4 days for 2-3 months. Me work on prototype & secure #funding. Me gotta get me ducks in row.
Spam should be illegal
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
great word :-)
It's never too late to start!
trombone player just slapped the microphone.
I know we don't play! They can out there ready!
that movie is amazing on blu ray. Good choice
your ex < me > your next.
Sold out of pre-sales for the Hard Rock show in Boston on May 25th. Some tickets will be released at the gate prior to the show. $12 @
last night in France -- heading to Dublin tomorrow for the NINES/DHO summer workshops.
I hate the rapper in the Lexus
I'm out here tho❕
Sounds like #oddfriend has lots of suiters
I would come play skeeball at your bar!
is the wine doing the trick? may have to try this out for a while
You know Pauly D follows you??
Feds seek voluntary removal of toxin from personal-care products
Don't miss us at tomorrow and Thurs. at the Javits Center! Booth 1203!!
I get discouraged to drive when people drive stupid , rather skate and enjoy life
just read your first blog post....WOW! Great story and major props to Jason. Enjoy! I look forward to reading about your trip
time to finally use some of my groupons that I purchased! Hmm massage before or after lunch?
It was taken from Ft. Collins, CO, a.k.a., The Mountain Post.
well I have no job, I'm free
“: "Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." double pt. 2
Reaching the Globe by Tweeting one song at a time, The Tweet-dio show on via #spotify 10 am edt!
Today's my friday. Marvel movie marathon tom. Starting at 11. If i have to watch 5 in a row they gott be Marvel.
Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me is killing it today. (via )
very cool!
Several South Asian recos tonight: Mysore Woodlands (vegetarian), Viceroy of India, and Usmania. All great picks on Devon.
Question 7: Who has been the biggest influence in your life?
AWESOME DAY!! First ever Heli' ride w/ cool people,dolphins,lava flowing 50Mph,waterfalls/streams, Valley landing, monk seals VERY GRATEFUL
Get free SIGNED PICTURES of the weather channel meteorologists.
I'm having a bonfire Wednesday night its settled
great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite! Come follow us on Twitter!
“ “ I highly dislike MTV with a passion.””
I'm getting movie trivia with my shuttle ride to the airport.
I could use a cupcake right about now :)
LOL far from irrelevant little girl I call it like I see it and you are an ignorant wannabe from dublin pretendin to be hood
Chipotle one last time
Thanks for the help! It worked! =)
you must be an alien or something.
My mood is seriously messed up SMDH!!! Love and prayers out to Man smh! My heart dropped
yes if a Malcolm was gonna babysit a cat that would happen lol you or I
Judy O`Neil & Robert Ward are setting up audience to learn about Action Learning
Ah b-day in less than three hours
that's true! i should know!!!
this Saturday for a special workshop. Check it.
baby is ur heart still mine ?!
IF THEY REALLY YOUR BOY / HOME GIRL ..THEY WOULD SUPPORT YOUR PROGRAM ~ NO MATTER WAT >IF THEY WONT BUY YA CD THEN U NEED TO REUP ON FRIENDS
is not a bad place to spend a weekend! Old Mac and Trails today. Pacific and Bandon Dunes tomorrow!
ohh loll butt i still wanna know whyy
needs to grow a set and fight the PacMan.
Valentine's day- social construct or good old fashioned consumerism? hm, I think both.
I was trying to make a Big Book 2084 dystopian joke.
Why I love my job. Dating advice from my boss, : "There's more boys in the sandbox, throw something at one, they'll respond."
Have a safe trip. Looking forward to seeing you later.
nah your beautiful(: jus like all my chicas(; <333
jr.copywriter for hire. contact me asap for open positions!
I think I geeked out too much tonight. Great ep. Still really mad they haven't brought in Jojen and Meera Reed.
Ground control to Major Tom ... so cool to watch!
Anyone in mke know of a good place for an oil change?
We're pretty happy to be back at work, shaping FUEL's 2012 calendar. It's going to be a great year for FUELing!
Anybody watching the NBA All Star game tonight?
RT " #jdaychicago continues to rock into the late night in downtown Chicago" SO sorry I'm missing #jdaychicago ! Maybe next year
lololololol 4 days until the AP exam
this is gonna be such a good one dude!
Hi I love you! Do you mind following me? Come visit California soon :) -Gabby
I've been swinging this big hammer all day. My arms are really Thor.
GM can't sleep in high expectation for today's service. Wherever you are worship God with your total existence; Blessed day twitter!
Anyone for carrot cake?
I LEFT DA CLUB LAST NIGHT ME AN GUDDA STILL HIT
and Pro Bowl last year
Ok ok ok okokokokokokkiikookiokk
Ah, Nancy-- Life is what we make it, as is everything; perspective is all.
You may want to participate in this February - know of vendors who may be interested - pass it on.
Spring Break "COOLDOWN" Cooler Fest at the beach house Sun 3/25 S. River Dr. Miami Fl 33167 Bring your own drinks if you'd like!
You da best! We just got the call that she's almost done with everything. I'll all you soon to fill you in!
hi there! The party was wonderful! I am n the blogger lounge now. Purple hair. @ thejenatx
Let us know if you are en route
“ Be Yourself !! Now Thats #Swag”
nigga get ya ass beat.
no it doesn't!!!
was it hard to sleep last night knowing u took same dirty $ ur supporter lectured Council 4 taking? Btw - u took $2500 not $1k
when i mope over a guy, my friend would always say...#GetOverItLifeGoesOn and then I'd get mad for no reason... :/
New cleats and flip-flops... why does this make me so happy.
Bank Account Look Like Cheerios Lol..Dnt Take It Outta Context
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Chili's Too - American (live updates)
Practice TONIGHT:)
Is it too late for you to get back in on the race? Can't stand Romney but refuse to let vote go to Obama.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
No disrspct mnt by wt im abt to say bt it seems like asian ppl disregard talent when it comes to asian rappers. Some are the shit
One of those stupid futile days when so tempted to turn in resignation letter unless more staff allocated to IT...
TLO likes: Customer service - responsive, helpful & nice. G'day to the guy who listened to me vent bout the PIN nos.www.tlo.com
Purple will never be just a color.Justin will never be just a name.March 1st will never be just a date. I love you:))
you probably just couldn't hear the 14 remaining fans
What are you going to buy with that Somerset gift card, Nick?
TRUTH IS..... VOICE
I am following. Thanks for your support
haha course not love
Hi Ali! We're finishing our Summer schedule, but it'll be on our site by early June. Access Basic will be held in July/August.
Remind me. Im old I forget shit. RT Dear god Hahahaha I told you a birthday present you can do already ;)
Pisses me off tht so many women choose to lie on their back because its easy money..
i like it when people dont rush all of the time and actually take time listening to people
Saying goodnight with a glass of #port (Fonseca 20 year Tawny).
Dipped out of school with Couldn't take it anymore.
I'm so hurt right now. O Well!!!!! Looks like solo dolo 4 me *Shrugs Shoulders*
great to meet you! Love to get info on your training, etc.
I, however, love twitter. It's twitter-rific!!!
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise
I thought you were working on it with max?
If A Man Only Can Be Seen With You Behind Close Doors Then That Means He's MARRIED,ENGAGED,IN A RELATIONSHIP OR JUST WANT TO FUCK.
You coming to the meet at all?
I'm going to the Johnnie Walker tasting on Saturday. Have u been yet? What was it like?
Fox News Running Ad that says they're ranked #1 in ratings for 10 straight years. Yet they call everyone else the "mainstream media" Huh?
Bro, God doesn't hate u, He hate's what separates u from Himself, God loves you! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips Jer 31:3
Ohh the weather outside is weather!!
I know #TrueLove lol jk no he did get me stuff :)
was all that in your purse this whole time??
#BETAWARDS ALL ARTISTS!! SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!! GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM (RETWEET THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!)
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
sounds like a great event. Nova SE U. just started a new Sales graduate program. Perhaps I can sell my book at your expo?
"It's better to be late, then early" - Mark Ellis , Coach Ellis would tell us this on set while filming Home and Away 4 NBC.So 4 film&life??
#ThatAintCool If You Hav2 Cuss Yo Mom Out To Get Your Way.
Hey Anthony Davis suit & tie is not "optional"! At the Derby kid!
every night on the strip I slip n slide
N I WANT YAL 2 SEE MY LAST POST CAUSE THIS REALLY GOTS SOME OF UR FANS BELIEVIN THAT WAT YAL GOT AINT REAL
W/ at MMP. Ordered food, beer at 3rd inning. Still waiting in 7th. Score this one an opening day error.
"Story Bites Back Panel" all told that no story is worth dying for, but there are stories worth risking your life for.
Lady Gaga originally bleached her hair so that people could tell her apart from Amy Winehouse.
(e.g. Longaberger baskets, some collectible contemporary Barbies). If collectibles are still with original boxes - still makes a difference.
I'm so burnt. It hurts bad. But not as bad as it will in the shower. And def not as bad as the #Mariners game so far. 5-0 Ugh..
RT: : Why aren't there ever research grants for the collections *I* need to visit? | I KNOW. Someone get on that, please.
15 yrs later 's Titanic stands the test of time & his 3D work is brilliant. Go see it on IMAX 3D
lolz u haven't met my friends <111
Haha. I dressed up like one of them for Halloween! Do you like Mikey Whiskey Hands?
Lake later.... great & I'm super pale.
psshhh! Go away
thanks for the RT!
why not!?
Joey Votto is good
Entire new menu at the front page!! check it out! www.frontpagerestaurant.com
if I'd have known you were still up I'd have knocked on your door. Just home after visiting w/ friends near your neighborhood.
I feel you dude. I'm so hungover right now
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer tomorrow and Tuesday! Call (415) 609-4222 or
Hi, there! I didn't catch this the first time around. Hope you are doing well today!
“: I don't want dick tonight, eat my pussy right”
With Marshon Brooks' minutes limit/achilles issue, should I start Vince Carter or Bayless over him this week? Appreciate the help
Leola, sentimental wailings for the past
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
I dunno. This kind of stuff is amazingly stupid. Just...plain...DUH. It'll be alright.
My favorite Drug: Eminem :B
Aren't jace investors minority? Not taking a hardline on wealth redistro but there's def a case to be made
Using 3 feet of plastic wrap for a 4 oz filet
I predict Jon Snow dances with wolves now.
im not ur bro. Lol im a girl.
Wednesdays are mine and my dads favorite day of the week. Two-fers at sweet sensations.
follow me please!!!!!!
Rondo for now - Wall for the future.
Enact labor market and employment policies that enable older people to work for as long as they wish and are able to.
Jamming to Sander van Doorn's Identity mix show on XM ch 52 Electric Area ...
face it... at 1 point n weezys career he had a ghost writer
The Syrian government continues to kill civilians while the world sits idly by
I hate when you poor cereal and then relive there is no milk.
Our Reno partner, The QBDoc is now on Twitter! Enterprise & Point of Sale Expert! Check out the site www.qbdoc.com!
I can't wait for Prometheus to come out.
Can only imagine what their marketing meetings are like.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 25
You know which one I'm talking about, right? Actually, text me.
Are you running your own Google Adwords program? You shouldn't, but, if you are make sure you add call extensions and set up CPP bids.
Calvin Johnson gets the Madden 13 cover.
What's a good website to read Bieber stories on? That's like fun140?
who is this
"Speak unless spoken to."
Pink Martini&#39;s multilingual orchestral splendor yields a &#39;far-fetched&#39; success story
Follow my old friend and his incredible band and then buy their album. You're welcome.
now you follow me back! :)
In homeroom waiting for class
Going well! Narrowed our next project down to 2 features! Now deciding which one will be the lucky winner! How's your week going?
YEAH!! Haha I liked it with Ben Bailey...now it's not as fun xD
Today is a Slaughterhouse shirt type of day!
It's Whatever!
My notebook is running out of pages, anyone know of a good place to get an awesome new one?
Called a 1-900 number to offer a podcast job to a woman with a sexy voice. She still charged me for the full session.
Long but good first day at #acrl2011. Looking forward to tomorrow's sessions. Also going to catch concert on the Wanamaker's organ.
It wasn't over, it still isn't over. *insert dramatic kiss in rain here*
hey did I let you borrow my calculator
Jorge Ben + Tea + Big Sweater = fall afternoon quiet before CMJ madness!
yeah it is lolz.
Middle Finger anybody dats know down wit
I'm sure if you ask him, he would when he comes online. (:
What is the best way to trade gold certificates? last time .
The best part about Scandal is the soundtrack to the episodes.
I'm off to enjoy a slice of green tea cake tonight while I catch up on some reading; I'll be back tomorrow tweeple.
woo! See u soon! We're about to start booking SD shows ;D
Espresso Coffee has just one third of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
WARPED TOUR WE WILL
We all have the same 24 hours in a day some people just do more with it than others
i would burn the shit out of myself....
Was at a concert recently,telling friends about the last time I was at that venue. t was 2 see Sam Kinison yrs ago.Sam was king.
RT : Adrian Grenier just walked in from Entourage... Didn't know he was from New Mexico until now! That's awesome!
ill take your word for it. if you actually wanted to be involved you could have offered it to smc and participate in the event
Animals want to learn how to talk so they can hang out with me
Next year. For sure.
I just wish there was a standard.
Law of Success #13. Profit by Failure. Temporary defeat is not failure. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Just watched a windoze user wait 20 secs for laptop to wind down before closing the lid. Lmao, those were the days....
When people treat you like nothing, you begin to feel like nothing
Will be selling both #CHK & SD. No faith either CEO has a clue & can turn it around. More #CHK lobbying $$$ going to end EPA?
perfect topic for me (as a edu software developer!)
Andrew luck better be good as hell after loosing Peyton
Exactly!! MT #greatdebate #MCN2011: "access to culture" is a bad rationale; plenty (all?) of culture happens outside of museums
Just in case. “: To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs -- it will let you go instantly.”
isn't there a Schlotzky's? M.
my first day back at conditioning ! :D hot a'f in this brace though !!
MSNBC Sr. Political Analyst Mark Halperin says every indication points to Pres. Obama endorsing gay marriage in interview today
,good morning. I slept WONDERFUL & so I feel WONDERFUL :)
Oh, inconsistent world, how you plague
If you don't stand for something, you fall for anything.
Westest week isn't that bad, I mean you have a excuse not to get ready all week, then you get to sleep when you get done.
Love the Walking Dead, Shame definitely has the right frame of mind to deal with the madness.
add me on Yahoo Messenger ►► Charel_Blessed ◄◄ no WEIRDOS please !!
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS POTTERMORE BULLSHIT.
...I’d thank my lucky stars, to be livin here today. ‘ Cause the flag still stands for freedom, and they can’t take that away!!!...
are u gonna start calling me kam lol
same here. can't think of a thing to say.
Wash your ass Mr. Steve.
Everything is cloudy right now ..... need some clarity. Let me go and hit record so I can listen back to myself for some good advice. lol
Still perplexed as to why we didn't press or play man against a team we were athletically superior to?
Dang! RT : bottle of #PBR , a pickled egg and a shot of blackberry brandy as fast as you can!
Congrats Mike! RT : Another fun night at the for the #onemanshow. Thank you everyone for coming. I appreciate you.
Bad news: an insecticide caused Bee decline. Good news: now problem's known. So much at stake, incl. immediate $18B impact on farms.
Thanks! Always great to connect with #rural #Florida folks. I'm over in Citrus County, grew up in Sumter.
Hey tweeps, what song should I sing in my next video??
Hey a fellow SLP and MMA fan!!
is it stupid that I get upset when there are exactly 13 unread items in my inbox?
bro that game gave me an ulcer...
Tupperware is the best place to keep your nuts, bolts & other equipment dry & rust free.
Thanks to the singers from 12 states & the U.K. who filled up Emmaus Church this past weekend for the Georgia State #SacredHarp Convention.
Seattle, though I had a New Orleans style coffee from Bluebottle at 30Rock yesterday that is a VERY close 2nd
Bersin: Mexico and US working to coordinate southbound inspections.
I've neglected saying hello today and I want a lap dance from all of you. I'll just sit and wait.
but I passed all of my classes tht I have failed the exam so I'm good
I can never understand it, i would say 90% of my friends and famly are on the other side. where do these people come from?
Yes, please tell me more about your miserable life..
I bet you havent ever been arrested & then they told you, it's too full so we're going to let you walk
"Justice for Trayvon" Rally set for Sun. April 1, 2012 Park with Frederica Wilson, Chaka Khan, Jesse Jackson. Gates Open at 1pm
The panhandler at the corner of northern and falls is wearing a teletubbie (spelling?) costume:-)
Hell all I do is smoke good. And thats b/c we bring it. Lol
lol great advice!
Neat! Hope you had fun and didn't get snowed on. ;)
Thank you for the RT! I thought it was a great article but a bit tough to complete in 5 days- your thoughts?
Lost a cast member because he got punched in the head by a drag queen, and we've replaced him with a mini me version of Russell Brand.
What server am I on? Fuck you, it's 2012, how come I still can't play with my friends. That's what server I'm on.
RT : Christmas is only 75 days away! Book your company's Christmas party today!
Brilliant words from Paris meeting: "#biotech is haute couture not prêt-à-porter" -- keep the quality & brand w
A group called Soul&Lounge got an album called "Bruno Mars" on iTunes. How did they get away w that? WTH?People buy it as Bruno's
It's 4am and I'm sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for the shuttle to the airport. No coffee. I can already tell today is gonna suck.
We are all sold out. Sorry to miss you! You can still visit www.visitbeertown.com to get some of that delicious Beertown taste.
But the Celtics will run into the Heat in the East Finals. Miami was set up well with the Bulls misfortunes.
He's good! I always liked Miles Davis, that's a good number they picked. I also like their name, Cypress Collection.
Thanks for the follow! We'll definitely be keeping an eye out for great travel tips...
Good luck !
Yes beautiful day let spring cleaning begin
Nearest casino.....a little over 200 miles. Appreciate it U.S. Government!!!
RT : if is considered out of shape, Then I too want 2 b out of shape.
If you were wondering bc, its cuz I think you're cute and wonderful :)
Way to hot outside...gotta be at the beach
Very exciting! I love horses-used to have them as a kid and my parents still have them! I really miss them.
fine, make it the graphic novel section! ;)
Highlight of my SPRING BREAK tomorrow, going to watch at club boca!!!!!
Wow! 505 Followers :) You guys are great <3
You know a convert when they call it
I Would Love To (Once A Month ONLY) :) <33
Help us expose needs and opportunities with global market intelligence - accelerating economic prosperity, development, and growth.
You showed me some amazing view source, for a diamond store perhaps? You remember? Source of tronsoundtrack.com reminded me.
I probably should have known, that there really is no use.
I Want Canes !!
Get some soap for Easter baskets this year! We can make custom labels for you - call Jeff 312-320-5862
Tried to pick up a poster that was on the ground. Then found out it was taped to the floor. Awkward.
Stuck in my stubborn ways; shrugs
I will be buried in a spring loaded casket filled with confetti, and a future archeologist will have one awesome day at work.
stranger's backpack accompanied by sunflower seeds and an investments textbook. should've known. where you at?!
you video from 2 weeks ago, about teen mom cyberbully demi? One of the teen moms are in the 16.preg on ep.1 !!!! (;
Surprised about the bad buzz, and curious to hear whether it has the Pixar touch
#war the canadian star linebacker! he just went nuts!
I got plenty of people waiting to start hitting up your followers. Talk to me like a man, don't hide like a woman.
Spent the night organizing project files...Arghhhh!
the fact that you think that is ignorance is ignorant
I hate being so young! :p
There's angels in my town.
What do you believe are the beliefs of effective leaders?
LOVE the design of your ad in San Diego Magazine! Looks great
What up big homie
Thanks for the follow, Wen!
almost got out of her driving lesson with me. Good thing I remembered! Kim, prepare to meet Maximus Prime (my Nissan Maxima)
happy birthday to <3
Still need a reason to call? Students who start Monday are eligible for a #scholarship! Ask Charlene for details! 1-617-603-6942
Tim Duggan Balance social, environmental and economical for a true bottom line.
Having a garage sale today. Working on #Pride stuff tmrw at work with , and the crew. Happy Pride, #CLE!
I like her.. But don't love her at all..
Want megalong lashes? Try this sexy new trick! Layer on a fast- drying mascara, like Giorgio Armani eyes to kill!
The heart always tells on itself....even when we think we hiding it.
Doug points out the missed layup...nevermind the triple double...guess it wasnt needed
Rain looks to roll in after midnight and continue till around noon tomorrow. Expect .25-.5 in. Low 58 tonight.
Just wait for me till summers over......
I'm bringing sexy back..
I suspect that even a storm-tossed sea is less fickle than the general public. The general public changes their collective minds OFTEN.....
yes, write like an optimized version of but customize it for your industry and also make sure it is social
followed :D just tell her to follow back !
Trying to wein my self of add meds let's see how this goes
The Goose is loose tonight! Celebrate #Humpday with $5 Grey Goose cocktails.
No way! I'm having a screening in my living room by myself right now!
Love is grand... divorce is a hundred grand!
Reservoir Dogs, another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic. Get your tickets early.
I haz iPad. I don't knose what I r doing
: We don't want Thibs fired. Don't want him to change. But we do want him to learn. Learn from this and go on.
#portlandmodel here to model for you :)
Congrats Mike! You've come along way since I saw you speak in a PHX restaurant four yrs ago!
Thanks for the shout out. Im glad you enjoy it! Welcome to the Ficellenian club!
totally! (: any drama at your school??
Just saw a screening of footloose thanks close 2nd to the original
Someone please play softball with us tonight!
u said big meet and i said untill that lucky girl comes we will never know if its big not tryin to b a perv or nothin im js
I think i died a little inside when i called y100 miami and the user was busy.
' He say I dnt tweet about him so I'm working on it!
I did tho
It's a beautiful night for a patio and $1 Lone Star. Stop by Cecils tonight and enjoy both!
Thanks for the L20 Voucher, the next time I'm on that side of the Pond I'm going to use it!LOL
good night love ya boo! Hope you see this xoxo
How can you be someones best friend and not have them on twitter?
544 miles was my total driving distance this weekend. Totally worth it though.
"Dad can I ask you something?"- Lisa "Sure what's troubling you my son... I mean my girl son?"- Homer
Watching my husband play with his niece and nephew in the yard.... My heart may explode
