the putt on 17 was my favorite #TigerFistPump awesome round
Overheard on BART: "I'm not high, I just had to sneeze"
Glad you liked it! Thanks RT : Best bloody Mary in Austin
I'm pretty sure it'd be a good idea if the Cubs ate all/most of the $, & the sox didn't give up any prospect of note...
They are testing Alex Gonzalez's ACL on field. Not good.
About to go buy my ticket:D
Good Morning World....I hate alarm clocks!
This first of the month is dedicated to the back rent that pop stars told us not to worry about.
One person dies of melanoma every hour (every 62 minutes)
#Rochester #ROC #RocnDeals are up check them out. Half Off Spa @ Corn Hill, JG Crummers and Hometown Pizza. Going fast rocndeals.com
My tweets mean nothing. Like ever.
At Steam if you are in the neighborhood. Should be here most of the day!
Absolutely right! RT If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Meeting at school today w/ principal. Not sure topic- Cs 504 or district FA policy~ Hoping policy- our school needs to overhaul theirs badly
yes please!
Suck it, Peterson!
Finally upgraded my dev box at work from Server 2003 to 2008. Cleartype over remote desktop and having symbolic links again is soo welcome!
sounds like a party
lol Yes :p
You know I graduated summa cum laude, that's why they thinking I'm illuminati.
i hate you.
lololol it wouldnt be an accident though...?
sure! the event is called the PEACE FESTIVAL and it's going to be Thursday, March 1st 2012
": HEARD THIS: IF JUAN PIERRE HOMERS BEFORE ALBERT PUJOLS, THE ENTIRETY OF TWITTER GETS FREE DRUGS"
this was after trying to tell him a couple other things that were actually worthwhile
I got bored.
My sis too threw lost ha iPod and phone less owe she #extraloosing!
So happy to be finally sleeping on my bed after two weeks of hard work!
walked outside and it was spring time. out of nowhere.
Was just told (in a Chronicle comment thread) that white-flight neighborhoods are the result the black racism. Hunh????
about to speak. Full room for this important issue.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
My day started with an interesting board meeting - not in a good way. I had a great lunch with colleagues followed by sweets for all Kilgies
It was nice seeing everyone last night we will have to do that again real soon
same thing mayne relaxing from a long day
Cody is my everything!
health careers academy -_-
Ducati or BMW
It feels so good to sleep in.
Clearly 's SM team is listening, and also knows how to give back to real-life brand ambassadors.
which one fool
please tell me how do I live with out you....
#AdrianGonzalez only has 2 HRs this season. No wonder the #RedSox aren't winning games. As HE gets nailed to load 'em.
Burrito de carne asada sounds so god right now!
"we need to talk."
At #SDSU. My nephew is amazed by the fish in the koi pond.
not true
Cringe worthy: Nene from #RHOA in caramel Marni dress
Good morning my friends...I was wondering if someone can help me I am told there is a one ticket limit for shareholders meeting...so does...
I really wish I still had all that Hawaiian pizza but I ate it all and there's no more. Damn.
ogmomgom. i know ): i went on my other account cause i wanted to see how everyone was (:
yes man he wont let me go home! Lol
"Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not."
is it any good?
Are you serious? Count me in next time!
Yeah what you on?
*she is the one i think of when i wake up during the day an at nigh an when i fall asleep an i dream about her only her*
If you're pregnant and a bit nervous about #breastfeeding, check out a local class or support group, knowledge (+ support) is power!
If my bacon wrapped dog covered in cheese and onions is a turkey dog, it is healthy right?
what's wrong hunny
Backlinks are golden. Relevance is power. Organic search results rule.
The NFL's All-Star Game is set for today in Honolulu, as the AFC battles the NFC in the Pro Bowl. Who cares, but we'll take the NFC???
Lakers putting this away
Having issues with the website again! :( Domain is currently being redirected to this page until the issue's resolved!
They Getting Big My Lil Girl Diva Status Now
What Book? Wednesday - today's quote: "It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened."
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes
thanks for the tweet! Hope all is well ;) I'll be visiting #NYC soon.
We're suckers!!!!
Marketing messages encouraging me to do something for my (late) Mom for Mother's Day bum me the fuck out.
I'm going to scream like a 3-yr old who doesn't get the barbie she wants.
Cheers for being the first uploader of an interview after the guerrilla usability session!
because I value my ass not being kicked!
yeah till June 4th
Testing this out for you. It works! =)
#BeMilwaukee now means the can head to Miller Park for the rest of the summer. Unreal. Here we come
Def flop-worthy! #backtothedrawingboard #logo RT Bombshell, that is one ugly logo.
Who's ready for Anchorman 2? Oh, it's happening people.
If a D1 doesn't go up in NW Arkansas then I guess you don't like making it rain. “: Is Little Rock not enough?"
You're welcome :) You deserve best in LA. I live in LA too :)
imma come see you one day. What days you work ?
Midnight in Chicago. 40 minutes until the next train. If you want to be a 1st class city, run the trains all night regularly. Seriously.
Not much else to report. We'll still making changes, then off to print. Promise we'll give an update when status changes!
#Prop8 "serves no purpose, and has no effect, other than to lessen the status and huan dignity of gays and lesbians in California."
Controversy, what controversy? The people want a ban on horse-drawn carriages in NYC!
I hate wearing pants that are likee loose , cause they look weird on me . ehh oh well .
Thanks for the tweet -- hope we'll see you there!
OF COURSE
Something good did happen tonight... Congratulations to and his wife Diana on the birth of their first baby.
im in that same boat
lushlifeonline.net is currently looking for contributors. What's your thing? Music? Design? Style? Gadgets? Shiny things? Let's talk.
Aint nobody at Ed seen ma real side these bitches think I'm soft :)
you have to believe that a good story trumps a museum demographic - that's what you're producing for.
We won't have booth at expo. Just attending as participants.
Wake me when always-wrong-Pundits stop blathering about .00001% of voters in swing states who will change vote because of what O did today
only if we can see Justin beiber and the wanted as well! #
School hasn't even started yet and I already want it to end.
I get it (once lived next door to the place) but the restaurant is a block from the ZOO. Kids & families built that place.
I'm awake!! Bout to go for a swim :)
does it still work?
Sounds like a great time! Enjoy that chocolate!
awe cute..
Paramount PR is looking for a part-time assistant to work on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9-5 p.m. Candidate must hold a college undergradua…
Ah! You just solved a mystery - who painted that giant mural by our office!
Everything becomes real after you realize how many people don't care about you.
With my amazing gf :*
Visit and like "rondimarsh's fan page" at Facebook.com for upcoming performances as they are added if you live in the Northwest.
RT : thank you everyone for making our show super awesome last night!
Live report on how SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji's friends and fellow Greeks are helping his family cope with his death coming up
what up chula???
she sure can #wink! ;-)
F5s i thought should have said sumthin on the front and senior elites i thought the black looked a little funky but they were ok
Know the difference between #Feelings &
": Oh, you're a guy that sends smiley faces to other guys in text messages? When are you guys gonna fuck?" LMFAO !!!! I died
It was a perfectly lovely day, and now it's time to think about infant mortality. Sometimes I think I should try teaching something else.
Lets shoot for April 26-29...all the day clubs should be open by then
nostalgia, n. from Gr meaning to return home, homesickness. Hadn't expected to see oh so many wonderful ppl in San Marcos today. Miss & love
No one ever answers my questions, but they always question my answers
Just got word that Gorilla Music has chosen us to play in the Finals Showcase in January at Masquerade!!!
Conservatives have a sink or swim mentality,buy seriously-corporate America gets tax breaks & aid - why shouldn't citizens?
that actually makes sense. :)
Having uninsured motorist coverage is so important to protect your family in case of an accident. Contact SLG about your injury rights.
I broke a bowl and a plate in the past hour. I think that's a new record for me
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Line
Watching bball. The best annoucer team ever: Musberger and Knight!
my goal today is aleast to get up to 20 followers someone HELP me plzz i will follow you back!! <3
Yes I'm tweeting from my new iPhone
is being tormented.
its ok yes i know we cant always take great pictures lol .
I just realized I met the janoskians before they were famous and I didn't know!!! :o
lol yea i think so.
FUN reminds me a lot of Queen. Don't smite me!!! It's just my opinion... o.k,o.k a touch of Phil Collins too. eh :/
have fun ninja!
Man, the Red Sox bullpen sucks. 3-run homer by Billy Butler. Royals up 6-4.
What? no...that doesnt bother me at ALL!
Highly recommend the Brooklyn Blackout & red velvet cupcakes at #Little Cupcake Bakeshop. So good!
WTF. don't watch House while eating food. shit ain't right, man.
#RObotz is almost to 100,000! Keep going! Spread the word to EVERYONE! #LEGGO WE ARE TAKING OVER!
my school offered crappy food bahaha i want mexican food!
follow me.
That burst of excitement when you watching Disney channel and all of a sudden you see your sexy babies dancing #bestmomentofmylife <3
Hey we are live on twitter again
Physically and mentally drained
is on the phone while skyping with me. LEARN YO MANNERS.
that's awesome, except for the hipster heaven part.
I vow to never again forget the joy of drinking an Italian soda on a sunny day.
good luck where at?
My flight is 14 hours long, I hope these sleeping pills are strong.
hey hating ariana won't make the haters pretty
Been working on #RSA2012 paper for last 4 days, still 2pgs too long, still can't tell if I'm making a useful intervention or not. Prob not.
S/O to for being my wife, and my friend. <3
I would definitely make myself available for interview for the Howard Mittman bio.
I am a published horror writer. Psychologically, no one I work with would last two minutes inside of my skull.
Cant wait to hear his voice
So apparently Comcast did away with their contract @ PDX ? So no Blazers game. Though...maybe I don't want to watch what is going on...
Family in ABQ. for the Holidays? Want them to stay near you but not with you? :) Call us for our Special Holiday rates @ 505-296-4852.
Yep. I'm assuming that's why my invites never get accepted on steam. Haha. I thought you knew?
Grizzlies better not choke this...
Retweet you are proud of being a Malaysian. Malaysia Boleh!
On tonight's Big Bang Theory episode the guys enter a costume contest! Watch with us at 6:30 to see what they dress up as!
miss ya bro be safe
Monday. After school. Behind the ping pong tables. #6thgrade(pingpong)fight
HappyBirthdays Dear God bless you !
I KNEW PROFESSOR PAYNE'S WIFE WAS A GHOST HAAAAAHA sorry Ghost Whisperer thing
Great to have you today! Hope to see you again.
did you see the big hail the other day? Shot was like quarter size.
No, she'd still get mad, and there's no way I'd let you pay for it! :)
Let's stage an intervention. "Do you accept the typographical advice we are offering you today?"
#FF <--- Hard Core #Celtic fans. I see these guys at every game!
LOL your making me tired!
its okay I have blisters on my face :D lol
haha. Well at least she gave prom queen to Rachel. But I bet that was part of her plan all along. To steal that moment.
People at / headed to the Pacific APA, sound off!
I always order an Americano, hot or iced, because they can't burn espresso. But a pourover would work nicely too.
All it takes is usually one purchase to pay for the space rental and salaries.
No star can shine so beautifully tonight
BWAHAHAHAHA RT : Where we're going, we don't need original ideas!
Wearing a neon tshirt today. The man here to fix our internet just pointed out that my shirt matches his safety reflective vest. Sweet!
I Lovve You <3 I Lovved Your Concert Tonight Annd You Touched My Hand:D Do You Remember ? (: T E X A S A L L T H E W A Y ! (;
The creepy inspirational acting quote people have finally stopped #FF 'ing me. Success.
Exhibit time!
Did you see him last year?
I love you your intelligently beautiful amazing Talent
I would but my tongue tip is currently covered with vodka. Celebrate Pretty!!
loving her resilient and energetic cast.
How are you so far in your trip? How far left?
I've moved on from you, any girl can have you, trust and believe you ain't my boo :)
It was surreal seeing all of the NFL owners and media at the Atlanta Airport Marriott today voting on the NFL CBA.
Impatience and restless, an #Aries is quick tempered and can get offended easily.
#FollowBack Video Director | Graphic Designer | Photographer
I was actually singing awhile ago! :))
appreciate it :-)
Omg left school YAY
There have been very very few times that I've been jealous of anybody. But today?!...and for no good reason lol.
Oh! I kinda know that area! I will check it out for sure! Thanks :)
Day 10 offshore, beautiful weather today. If the rest of the job is like this I might not want to finish. Still haven't seen any whales. :-(
I got this drank in my cup :P
If its only 3 days, there's a guy up here who will come by your house three times a day to feed, water, and walk him.
becoming more and more frustrated by decision makers on Marco Island, Fl to continue to support the mass murdering of iguanas
Are you looking to expand your RoR expertise within the a large enterprise? Contact Jennifer at
Looks like the rain is going to hold off! Who's going to DIME-A-DOG NIGHT? game starts at 6:35pm!
got 2 study Cc. :s, bye
Yes, most will be within a couple miles of 465. Sorry for being so vague right now - just want to give you the correct info!
....long as day!....visited my grandpa's grave...hanged out wit my grandma....took a nap....now I'm up...chillin wit avek kicking it...
How come Nicholas Payton's new album is in the jazz category on iTunes? I didn't think he played jazz? He a jazz musician now?
Easy Stallone! RT : Do you feel THAT ? That's me arm wrestling you to hurry up! xo
Flameret Receives Strong Interest from China for its Patented Flame Retardant ...
Great chatting with from about tech sponsorships, one of the sponsors from this weekend's in Miami
gotta come up for air....sometime:) #bye sunny people!!
Enjoying a great dinner with my ma!!!! Love this woman
How about we freeze an Orchid and unceremoniously smash it to pieces to show virginal girls what its like to be rid hard and put away wet.
Apple has sold 67 million iPads since its launch on April 3, 2010. That's an iPad sold every second.
That is what made her famous...hindsight shows that was a smart business decision. Agreed though, gross.
It's a rule. RT Vintage furniture shop opens at noon, guess we HAVE to lunch at while we wait 😉
me an tereance on our way
I know missed over 200 this year.
Couple cats on my TL that I can #TwitterTrap erry time w/ Laker slander...it's enjoyable
fries in France
you too queen...
Evans Donnell: "the fringe excites me because...the new people are coming up and the old people are adapting"
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is in the Dictionary! Interesting to say the least! Spell check that WORD!
care to elaborate? On what tasks? I find iPad easier to use in most of my day to day tasks
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
Yeah I know! Let's not let that happen again my friend.
definitely USF. Keep icing that hand.
i'm addicted to you #:)
yes twin I was there and I know about all dem flutes and clarinets...#wordtravelsfast #peopledrool lol
A week later, I have a fridge again! And I'll never take refrigeration for granted now. For at least the next week.
ok smooth.. U left me hanging for a minute lol
S/o to my bro happy bday clown...live it up
Dyed bottom of my hair red. Yolo?
(cont.) a partner, a spouse; nope not me; just me.
Brasil? Not that kinda football LOL. RT Brasil! you cheer for Brasil!
It's official 's 2012 Summer Wine Competition will be held at the Rancho Bernardo Inn. Voting -7/21 Public Medal pour- 8/4 Cheers
Seeing my mom cry, makes me want to cry....such a sensitive family...lol
Hope you had a safe return home and great memories of the bro's of San Fran :) Learned tons from you, thx for the wisdom!
:Pretending to look for your homework when you know you didn`t do it
bars - They're really good, a bit more $ than other bars, but they use a 1-4-1 model to feed children. Buy
when a girl still sucks her thumb.. she's too young for you bro. ;D
True statement. Guess James Franco's ravioli party will have to do.
I just wanted to look more fashionable than my nasty boots. I was in London, after all.
RT : I ironed on my tattoos
Europe’s Leading Online Healthcare Provider Offers New Women’s Health Treatments
Remember that it is still #autism awareness month... what does #autism meen to me.. driving 75 miles one way to the dentist.
thanks for the follow. We love our pets too. Looking forward to your tweets.
Haha my lil cousing sang to me all day long
One month until i'm on a plane for paris!<3
Book that shit, homeboy! I like it!
Merry Christmas everyone ! Happy birthday Jesus have a good one!
Shabazz wows the crowd with a one-handed slam off the side of the backboard. Perfect score. He's your champion.
Oh well, no traffic for later !
I'm so frustrated bro.
talked gas prices, reducing dependence on fossil fuels, need to focus on renewables on this a.m Great job
can get some mentions ???
four words: legs. up. the. wall. :)
Rythm guitars are solid!!! tracking leads and some vocals friday!!! almost there guys! (^_^)b
Higher taxes for the rich #Twi2012 - How much of the Robin Hood hero lives in the hearts and minds of the wealthy?
no kidding I get so many of these. Instant ban for me, but I get so tired of them.
Okay, taking a break from writing. Can't wait to start directing this stuff. It gonna be fun.
Rivera going out a winner ! Very cool!
im gonna get fat with all this cake people keep giving me lmao
#kidism When I was very pregnant with the twins, my nephew Dexter exclaimed ... http:/kidisms.com/141
Hi there, you personally need to know the cause of your neck pain. Taking medicine for relief is not good enough :-)
lol I just farted and my school blew up. SCHOOLS OUT MOFO'S.
Just saw it at Living Room Theatres. You must go!
Sunday Funday in the Courtyard at the Waco with
Chelsea are such execrable goons. Completely undeserved. MOTM for the ref.
finna send it bro
had no idea you were a comm. person / PR when I met you. Thx for the follow.
hahaha how would i get through school without you? i couldn't find the cancel job button! #gothswagg #gingerbestfriends (:
No.. only 19 minutes left of this season of
Your bald
It's games like today that I wish I was at the game watching Greinke pitch.
#SustUnbound one definition of property is that from which you can exclude others. So. . .what about books?
ha ha!
Hell yeah Swisher!!!!!
I've been to all those places - sounds amazing and fun!
RT Then how can you criticize Westbrook? : FYI: Coach didn't like me b/c I shot too much and he wanted me to be more PG.
Are the people blown away by 50 Shades of Gray unaware that there's naughty writing on the Internet?
RT : Caps 4 shots on goal in the 3rd. That's lock down D baby.
Don't diss the cookie monkee
I still feel the shocks going through my knee.....cool ~Devin.Anne<3
Haha! RT : Woo hoo!! Adopt me! RT : A2. Family size Frozen Margarita. Hey, I travel w. 5 kids!
this one going in the record books
yeah i can't wait... think the car will weigh about 20 pounds less in dust by the time its done
what ?! Happy Birthday Franny !!lol blessings!!
you should say because this is everywhere north of San Francisco and west of Chicago
good to hear. hope everything else is going well.
iPhone's look so much better without cases.
like Tyler...
Do you have aluminum siding on your old house? There's a good chance you've got some nice wood siding hiding underneath!
I had this custom made
"you don't seem like someone who takes some shit." -my new friend to me.
I agree.Maybe the third time around.I still love the Orioles unfortunately.
On downtown revitalization: I would pursue federal funding for the revitalization effort.
you should have went to Sprinkles on Walton...
Glad I was teleworking today so I could bury that raccoon.
we'll see how the dice rolls!
I want more tight shots. I always want more tight shots. Don't you want more tight shot?
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
You are SO annoying.
Money is not for getting things, it's for changing things. From
hang aaround therre if ya could and are u like around by the blue line metro?
Professor is late the day after the Superbowl.... for a 4:30 pm class. Nice work.
I fucking hate crying.
Thanks for your lovely words of wisdom! Spreading peace every day :)
Today is national Go Skateboarding Day so get out there and skate an then go to CowTown for the Transworl Premier!
guy in the right aisle seat in the 5th row has been playing solitaire for the longest time
How much did it cost you though?
re Netflix: 180º South
#flexpro lineup looks sick... I got lots of work ahead of me.
Yep, done! Thanks!
Thanks Pitt. You just busted my bracket for good.
awesome! I'll a Treaty Oak cocktail tonight to celebrate. Happy #SXSW!
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large. --Henry Ford
You can get a voucher to Old Navy for $20 for just $10 today courtesy of Groupon!
Yesterday I was talking to a girl who always wears TIGHT shirts and she said "I have big boobs and don't like to draw attention to them" >>
Well JB was in Miami, and me and pili couldnt go to the concert because we had to go to school, we cried all math period .
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man. ~ Who said that?
He should lose his license
“: Nothing like getting to the track before sunrise and leaving after sunset... #dedication” Life in
I'm always surprised by how accurate these things are.
it gets harder then easier haha
So excited you're on Twitter! Be there soon. Looking forward to edit day 1- great shoot yesterday!!
intro video is pure genius.
wish i had as a guest lecturer *crows in back of class*
wait where you going?!
good morning from
I swear your avi just amazes the fxck out of me every time I see it ... Weird as fxck
Hey lady!! Look at you lookin all good and stuff!!
#cwebodymedia device detects exercise and sleep of user
Thanks for the follow. Best way I know to stay fit -- PLAY! Glad to be connected.
I wish these mamas would stop putting all this weave intheir little girls hair. Looking like the old school Clark Sisters.
": Janet Jackson had 6 great albums. From Control to Damita Jo. This ain't up for debate niggas."
": LOL some idiot just said Memphis is a state. What a fucking clown"the correct terminology is asshat.
Are you ever in LA?
Strength is the ability to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands and then eat just one of those pieces.
I can't find your email. my email is
"life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - neale donald walsch
Now my shit wana work had to turn the whole phone off.
long day... need a hot shower & then off to bed
Full sweep this morning. Ready to go wild this afternoon!
oh, me too:( what grade are you in?
I'm glad you're awesome! :) I'm well, thank you. I've missed talking to you!
#FF my crafting, antique loving, puppy wanting, separated at birth twin
Happy Birthday, America!
Thanks for RT !
#TraderTed has gone bat shit crazy! I'm loving this new GM we picked up!
Got school tomar but not tues like what the f*** y not just no schhool monday and tuesday lol
Tomorrow is the red legs vs the Bronx Bombers! It's going to be a great game, and of corse it's during graduation! Stupid graduation! :/
RT : There just isn't any pleasing some people. The trick is to stop trying. Robert Mitchum
this guy from the navy gave me a lecture on life today. I see it in a whole new way now.
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
We will fail our paper.... And we'll drag Daniela with us... We suck...
tees coming soon. I will be rocking one tmrw!
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
VC model of entrepreneurship + public policy = bold government. Where's the low hanging fruit?
excuse you can explain exactly waht you said?
#whosgonnalose - Indianapolis at Buffalo - Buffalo will lose
Gov. Rick Scott (FL) and voter suppression! Bill is on its way to him. Click here to send him a message: Please veto CS/CS/HB 1355.
i'm thinking of using for rails development too, what model did you have? 4gb ram?
Just met at Forks Drum Shop in Nashville!
Why is it that the first song that pop in my head when I woke up is I roll up smh lol
Love that song!
And nw for Backstage..
I will give you a shot-out this weekend I got you, haha.
Hahaha, yeah, basically, they are!
About to hit 20 followers! Thanks everyone! Every step counts!
On my way back home from miami finally.. Dead tired.
no not yet. But I'm going to eventually
Kay Polansky can't remember exactly how long she's been helping organize NNO events, but it's been years. Tonight she's on hotdog duty.
if i was on the thunder id be scared to death of metta.
Ppl change like seasons!
REMINDER: Paramount Open Jam has been moved to Friday June 17th!
I would ! It's like if ___ texted you
Lol idk Im bored! Lol I want to be in Hollywood already
I know! It's such a pet peeve of mine. Such a lack of etiquette!
We are off vacaction from blogging! We are back!
lets get it boys
Second day of #USNG Training with Delta State Univ Instructors. 2day is the navigational day w FDNY IMT.
see you there! Can't wait!
Avengers was pretty damn good. Starts slow but the final 30 minutes is AMAZING
I always laugh when I get a guest rejection stating, "Sorry I am in China". Last I checked they have phones in China.
Wondering how I have so many followers with less than a dozen tweets!? Now the pressure's on to deliver!
Super excited, looking forward to Edgar Awards tonight!
supernatural!!!:D you!?;)
Canadian beer :)
Always love your POV. Keep letting us know what you see around the corner?
#RunChat Q2) I always wear my compression gear while running!
are you here? if so, let's hangout!
boyfriend is way more
Who has some really great looking blog designs lately?
I initially thought you were but now see that you're not. Thanks for the tips.
man i remembered when i woke up today..i just left it alone...niggas be tired lmao
never that! Lebron will step up and have a big next game!
Thank you for your service to Indiana. Best wishes.
better be present for my next tattoo
Shoutout to World Star Hip Hop I want a Fitness Ball now 😉
#AskBieber Justin Where Wilk You Be Going During The #BelieveTour.?? Will you come to Indiana.?
watching game plan right now!!! fave part of filming it???
Sound of Music :)
Whoa! Good luck. I think I could use one, as well.
I respectfully wanna invite urrone to Toc Bar tonight as we party til 4am with the gorgeous Athen on the mic and myself in the mix...: )
simply celebrate everything! who cares! as long as it's fun! :)
When does a monkey have a trunk? When a suitcase just won't do. Haha
What a beautiful homepage! I would love to learn more about your site before signing up.
Because honestly, you either have money or you don't, and you might as well have it... right???
Fun night at Lucky Bar watching the world series. Great game, Cardinals!
Come and see us at Oktoberfest in La Mesa! Carne Asada, Pollo Asada and Carnitas tacos. La Mesa 11 am to 11 pm today. Shop and Party!
washing away the sins?
was literally thinking today about moving down there full-time once the kids r gone. Can go into business w/
Whats going on in TN? Makin' moonshine?
So it was that I found myself in Charleston, South Carolina on March 25, 1861, standing amidst the gloomy mood in a hotel lobby.
Everyone get your votes in for the SAG awards?
I've watched this like 5 times, and it never stops being funny. Hahaha.
Follow my ravishing sister >>> actress, model, hip-hop superstar >>>
So apparently it stormed last night? Yea I left my window open with a fan blowing in...my carpet needed washed anyways.
They are just words made creatively!
Starting a new #DnD campaign this afternoon with my son & four of his friends.
Omg you're so close!! Will you please follow ?! #JamesMaslowTo600k ... LOVE YOU! :3
If you have a few mins. tomorrow, would be great to talk about BuddyPress. Just started admin'ing site w/ it: clgbthistory.org
This is great. Will they also teach kids not to throw chix wings, styrofoam, doritos, & cans on the sidewalk in the first place?
Tweeting the person that's sitting 3 feet away from you, instead of actually speaking.
I cut ALL my hair off!
I Know! I Loved Them Both!
If you like hilarious shirts buy this - Seriously... $30 to Spend on Novelty T-Shirts and Hoodies httpp://ow.ly/1M8xBw via
cruz'n to that leanerville USA... vámamos!
That makes me :) RT : SimplyLeap yep. You are hugs.
Thanks to the PNC Grow Up Great folks for manning our phone bank tonight!
I'm down! Lol
Lots of meetings scheduled ahead. Can't wait to discuss potential business opportunities with several other entrepreneurs
I don't know. I think I'd see that RT : "Mel Gibson is Back and wackier than ever!"
It's a bit tricky to create an ad for ebooks that mostly don't work on ereaders. Don't want to false advertise.
Thats Every Day. I Said Weekend Ho.
since then Ive read bits & pieces of Dr Perkins & Ive really enjoyed listening 2 Rudy Carrasco's podcasts. How r u involved?
Sleep cycles?
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
How do I get "Trending Articles" out of my Facebook feed?
I want someone to say, "Always." to me and actually understand the signifigance.
Now the ATL Haunted History is showing a place in Millidgeville! This is ridiculous. All of GA, save Sav or Aug, is apparently ATL.
i need 1 more female actress for a music video tonight! anyone?
Being ugly sucks :/ being dumped on 9/11 sucks even more
yes! Ha that was her
Children's bio perfect 4 National Wildflower Week "Miss Lady Bird's Wildflowers: How a First Lady Changed America" by
contest goes all weekend and winner will be chosen on Monday. good luck!
you want to clean your list around every 90 days or so with the people who have opted in, then NEVER opened your messages
ah ha
#OnTheLastDayofSchool I'M GETTING THE BIGGEST BOTTLE SO I CAN CELEBRATE.... FUCK SUMMER SCHOOL... SEE YALL AGAIN IN THE FALL #realltalk ;-)
Excellent video doc. Thanks for following me.
hahah no Just me Being a silly goose with my soap opera show haha
okay, picture is up. Hm...now what?
is my 17th Bday!! And I get a birthday tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <333
Here's to hoping Russell Wilson has some success in the NFL. It was a pleasure to watch him play last season.
We'll take 'em any way we can.
what are your plans for Labor day weekend??
my phone tries to auto correct "Eastland" to "wasteland". Just sayin
so tired...
Now following :)
haha no problem!
Happy birthday I love love love you!!
cool! Where can we buy?
agreed man. Not cool. I'm down for trivia Wed.
Boyzone are drunk walking up my road
I've been thinking that he's involved in that for a little while now and now that she mentioned the sons, definitely!
Taking a personal day for the first time. The stupendous Austin Owen is gonna kill it in my place.
I'm not in class! I got out of school over an hour ago
GO FOLLOW ---> <OR ELSE I WILL GET CHUCK NORRIS ON YOUR ASS!
Goodnight you guys had a great day.
#Veep on #HBO is fucking brilliant!
NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli
Ask Havs about stage diving for Helmet/Jesus Lizard.
He's started 11 of 12 May games, I'd say that's pretty much every day.
of course! Ask away...
It's too early & I'm at the library STFU! lol
Thought it was a pretty good welcome back episode. Just enough movement in the story to get ya back in to it
Need a texting buddy.. Any takers? :)
Are all checkout processes as complicated as #Virtuemart ? Inquiring clients want to know. What else to use for #Joomla! #ecommerce?
#NBCSDDebate - We're watching candidates speak on the issue of Pension reform. Not hearing anything new. What do you think?
Hey Chelsie, seriously check our website & have friends/family gift you travel cash. Every bit helps for your celebration trip :)
saying no is a very important skill!
Thank you for the congrats :)
Close enough! Was joking slightly. However was thinking of a variety of tweets for each point Not serious tho
Special moment at Robben Island: former political prisoner guide praising prison library for uncensored access to books. Opened his world.
you could have tweeted me homeboy!
Trauma as a place of service - the greatest mission field of the 21st century. Diane Langberg
Computer training at work.
my original sin we meet again.
happy birthday!! 11
Yes we do plan to partner with Family Success centers
Loyal Labrador who stayed by dead dog&#39;s side ... - Avid Investor Group
Hooping today for sure busted knee and all
thank you!
7 BILLION PEOPLE ON EARTH
Today's Google Doodle was done by a 7 year old. Impressive!!!
Get exams out the way then back to boxing :D
"Now watching The Real Goodfella" on the Audience Network
is it time to start rockin the combover to school?
That should be okay!
Our Ward 1 town hall meeting is tonight at 6:30 at Carlos Rosario Int'l Public Charter School at 1100 Harvard St, NW.
3 course Chef's tasting menu with wine pairing for only $30! Or hang out at the wine bar with 25% off wines and $5 starters.
Criminal Minds Is On Good Night<3
OK, just keep me posted! :)
k, gonna stay with my mom and my family now! goodbye ♥
Saturday plans >>>>
"I smile 98% of the time" : ) hahaha so awesome
ok homie, I actually completely forgot about it. Coulda had yourself a free hoodie and headband lol
wats the job
Your remix of "Break'n A Sweat" is truly amazing. One of the best remixes I've ever heard for sure. Really great flip of a track.
Keeping up with the Voyage tweets breaks my heart. To know that those people had no idea what was waiting for them... 😢
Bad idea #42 of the week: eating Dorito shell Taco Bell taco. Why must I always eat something left in newsroom???
This dude George Zimmerman better be out of the country bc this new black panther party seems damn serious.
bravo for your segment with Mo Domingo last night. Mr. Colbert, we are holding auditions in April/May...c'mon down!
People in #gainesville still sleep til noon.
the look holds up better than I woulda thought... but id still prefer it handdrawn...this will also be the style for the next batman
no just been really busy. Hope all is good with you!
I've finally realized how lost I am without my best friend!! Miss you ❤
Oh ya and by the way my friends don't like you. Idk why you talk to them.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom ever & yes I'm biased. I love you!!! Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxo
Thanks for the kudo's on our new website. You mentioned storage folders? We have storage boxes and we have music folders??? thx
My second tweet and my second follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him (:
Nope, didn't feel the quake here in the Denver area. While living in SD, a 5.3 caused a wave effect in the floor of my office...
Glad and I got to catch up with over lunch! We missed you !
happy birthday ronald weasley.
Y'all, I almost lost it when the President hugged Congresswoman Giffords!!
Hey guys I'm a horse NEIGH NEIGH
Hello. Does studying with a Buddhist monk help you understand autism? Double doozy, huh? Glad to meet you.
"LOOKING AT MY MOMMA CEILING WISHING DAT I HAD A MILLION"
Could this be the one
Today, everyone is wearing Mariano Rivera's uniform number. Always a great tribute to the best closer of all time!!
The only thing holding me back is myself.
oh yeah. "Ill be back". German accent..
#transverse White Horse Tavern
Seeking a Marketing Director for a prestegious global Management consulting firm in NYC! Up to $170k + bonus and benefits
God's canopy is over you and will cover you at all times, preserving you from evil. So don't be afraid, God is everywhere.
Thanks for following me on twitter! I am 6'6", I could seek your advice for custom clothing next time I need it
on my grind
#iGetRealMadWhen people stick their noses in other people's business
Tonight we are hosting our vip event "Disco Inferno". Open to the public at 8pm. DM for guest list. Please RT.
When he gets jealous it shows me he just cares :)
When I was younger, if you could run up the slide you had serious skills.
i was scared too, but it will take the pain away. keep me updated!
RT The only way to achieve your dreams is to take a risk. Without sacrifice, progress is unattainable.
check your device... digiatally
yessir! We there bro. New York City!!! Friday!!!!✈
I know who I'd pick based on that!
Assume you travel alone.
“ what are the odds of bringing Spo back & adding Doc for Indy?” We still might add some more coaches after the playoffs!
is amazing and is helping me to change my life!
Hm. Winter is right around the corner.
Know who you are and then adorn yourself appropriately. -- Epictetus, The Discourses
Omg It's Raining ! It Hasn't Rained In San Antonio In Foreverr :D
Be sure to visit our website for the latest in MMA news
I swear, Barack Obama has the support of like 99.9% of all teenagers
trying to figure out twitter is like reading hebrew. confusing.
I'm sure I try 's patience. He puts up my blog post and I ping him 10 times because I find errors. God I'm a bad speller.
i want to be seen RED!!!
aww man look im walking u down the aisle already lol
The rangers are the ish
Peres says fall of Assad would be death knell for Hezbollah: report
Finally a sensible one. Thank you. :-)
and what will you do when you find someone in the ice cream aisle? Scope them up and lick them till they melt? Lol ;-)
Started some Common Core standards curriculum work at Olean CSD today. I love the smell of curriculum in the morning.
ONE-LINER: Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Sorry to hear about that! We will speak with that department. Let us know if you need anything!
He's running for president because he's Mitt Romney unemployed.
EPA official apologizes for call to 'crucify' oil companies, senator investigating | Fox News CRUCIFIED HIM
I will!!!! Hahaha
Yes Sir! The joint at Hard Rock 8pm
That was a seriously fun time'
We got there around 330!
'Keep it open!' me to
seriously. In love.
Bringin the Word to the heathens (kidding) in expository. Wassup!!!
followesd, follow back?
Maybe his answer why is more people r losing interest in blogging? Less people doing it? Which doesn't mean it's bad
Oh yay the rain has made to South Florida. -_- time for me to go inside. Not Swaggy *Bieber voice*
any sand or dust can still scratch the glass. Get a protector, you won't be disappointed.
“: How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long? ~ Rousseau” #Colts #PeytonManning ???????????
And we're up: For the next oncoming years, I plan to deliver some very cool things which I have had in store. Stay tuned!
The faith I see inside myself was giving from god
On metro north with a #corona, for no other reason than the fact that I can
Don't forget, they'll be at roller derby double header tonight! We're sponsoring all season!! Cheers!
I won't go anywhere of you do
Still true for religious, gender, education 'slavery'.
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
i just beat angry birds christmas with 3 stars on all levels!! It took awhile but, i got there.
young the yiant
The NBA where missed free throws happen...
The new store near my house sells lace front wigs, eyelashes and Brazilian butt lift jeans. This is a true story. Not made up.
136 million objects to visually describe? Better get talking
It a come back to his tweet folks
The eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.
I wish would set up shop next door so that I could eat delicious snacks all day.
The real slim shady is back. Sorry for any tweets that didn't seems like us.. Password reset.. and account returned to normall:)
over due avatar of Crowder. #Jaemazing run of late for
I hope and ready for this
hey Abby how r u?
how about a better way of providing education..? a 21st century. not necessarily a "higher" edu.
This was so very kind. Thank you.
Did you know that most of your elected officials have a facebook and twitter account... #Occupy there too!
Went to the gym today...pretty sure I've met my quota for the year.
I deserve a Grammy...
Commission meeting is in session. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Hey, kids! Rock and roll! Shake yo body, now lose control! Just move it, lose it, whatcha whatcha gon do with it?!
Off of work
Who knew that just coloring your hair , was painful ?
Imma be the little treadmill slave that could.
I knew you would love that :) hahaha love you
Looking for indie #YA authors to read and review. DM me!
Whats Up Guys ? :) Sorry Im on & off this account :) im trynaa get more followers here though <3
a no hitter with all strike outs would be a perfect game..
“: and No Hay Banda, this Thur at Mad Frog in Cincy. preview! and more sept 30-oct2”
I'm not in kingsville bro
Bought stamps this morning to mail wedding invitations. Choice was White Roses or Civil War stamps. Went Roses, probably a good decision :)
where do we find them?
SUGAR RUSH. ZOOM ZOOM ZOOM.
U may be a dog but ur a pretty cool cat
Getting ready for the Chicago Fire game on Saturday night.
Go die. I hate you.
Ok it happened so I'm asking for a follow. Been following you since 1998 in Helena.
On the ground in C'ville with Perriello's tremendous core staff-energy here is fantastic and everyone's psyched for tomorrow.
Big Papi just had his first steal since 2008. I'm surprised it wasn't 1998.
#follow me lol ;)
adding you
saxophonist Lenard Simpson received outstanding soloist award & performed with Mingus Big Band at the last night!!
Amy please follow me I'm your biggest fan ever like I will not shut up about meeting y'all April 28 it drivin everyone crazy :-)
ma b text me the dets
Been crying all night, drinking all summer. Praying for my happiness, I just hope that I recover<3
Recession=honor system: removal of NYC subway station attendant booths means no-one sees if you jump a turnstile - but how many do?
Romney is against character assassination but character carpetbombing is totally copacetic.
"Mommy, may I please have some more juice?" LOL! We forget they need our help to choose the right words/tone
It sure is an exciting time for technology startups in Detroit. Visit soon!
Your welcome Kristi , Glad it made it to your door and hope it fits. Wash it in cold water inside out 100% cotton dark color
The older u get the less u want friends in ur life.....
- Hope your Saturday night wasn't as drama filled as Friday night! Haha
So excited to meet today!
RT : Bottums Up!?! : ) <Correct, you win! DM us your address!
Today is the seniors last school weekend. 😪
you're here in spirit! I used our masterpiece slide deck as a framework for tonight :-) cc
Apartment hunters: Check out our available units & 3D floor plans!
We hear the birds chirping from the West Coast! :)
"And then there was privacy...a tricky thing in a teepee." Chief Many Moons
i think this is the best year for black friday!! found 6 55" flat screens tvs under $700
Just found out my eMusic DLs will be cut by half for same price. I joined to explore indies, not Sony's backcatalog!
Thanks (: Idk yet i have to get my work permit
where the fuck you at? lol
Can't sleep
The 32oz Vanilla Cupcake cappuccino at QT is not as good as I had hoped...
FF7 is the best game ever made.
But in this exchange you definitely threw the winning salvo with that last one.
T'was wild to have an in Seoul.Felt like home! I bet they don't sell rice sticky buns along w/ coffee in the Stat…
Still time RT Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
RT this for a SHOUT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D( and ToastRedCarpetLive event)
I want to meet someone who wouldn't take advantage of me if given the chance.
My cousin was a brat when she was little. We actually called her Angelica behind her back xD
Thanks Peter. Just checking! It will be nice and warm this weekend. Summer is already here!
Every fuckin time i make somethin fuckin my bro has 2 eat with me i hate sharing my food
Up bright and early, ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
The Rockers >>
I've made chili, worked on my car, played frisbee with dog, and even skated today. Now time for work.
A thought at #work: Always thank #stakeholders 4 the things they do. Do not measure only in terms of dollars and cents.
Sunday naps are one of my favorite things.
made the brownies extra yummy! ;)
Christmas time is full of people quoting the same lyrics to all I want for christmas is you. Fun
#erl12 created a FileMaker pro database to capture usage info of all resources
nd ma name is megan:)
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
oh ouch.
I love everything about
You cat to be kitten me right meow!
good one! Hermit....
yeah I am to why?
Gov. Christie slept through 3rd period
I enjoyed your post... Congrats!
was fun having alone time but all my peeps were asking about you. May have to have a party this year just to make up for that.
thats what we said. 830pm. .......(thanks)
Mike Stern ticket give away today at 3, at Facebook/BluesAlley
When a man marries a woman, they become one--the trouble starts when they try to decide which one. Croft Pentz
The Indians take the lead! 2-1!
the new media weapon. The media is exacting revenge for his 20 minutes vid. read it at www.uniteandstate.com
Guess what!
brain freeze.
You're so very welcome. “ ;)) thank you for that !”
Ooh, I'm going outside right now.
Go Daina and Dace name readers extraordinaire!
Do you think Justin Bieber is the father or is this lady bullshitting?
#Usetittiesinamovietitle "Old Titties" - For Old School
Does chris brown have a tiny chat i was talking to him earlier not lying
My deodorant wasn't very effective today. That's ok I will just put on more cologne and have the scent of a French whore.
Yes I sang Ignition the Remix at karaoke tonight!
<3 trees. That's the best thing about the south. Trees. (That said, I love that we don't have 90-degree days here in Anchorage.)
Got respect for country music.
You have an amazing voice and are extremely talented!!! Good luck to you in your music career!!
Fister, you go with the two best, give yourself the best chance to that day... can't plan for the next day - win today
From my favorite Washington Post Columist House-Lawyer--Real-Estate-News---Analysis.html?soid=1010984599346&aid=V8TVKFtPZVw
Where the fuck has been?
You were told to run away. Soaked the place enlight the flame. Pay the price for your betrayal. Your betrayal. Your betrayal.
I love you
Drum lessons...hopefully outside.
But how do you think visualizing tweets can help cross platform?
Happy Birthday cousin!!
I hate getting up just because I'm hungry. Need to start keeping bedside food.
Morning momma
I think in LA that's call an overpass. I might be wrong. RT : What pass was that by LA
Just spilled water on my laptop at work. Not liking the water
:D your amazing(: i love your song down to earth(:
Very nice!
I think I would look so sexy surfing ...
yooo text me
I love the way Brits pronounce "fuck"
Oh Yeah I Remember Thx:)
about 45 min I'd guess. It's been a very, very long drive.
Thanks man
want to play a show with next Wednesday?
Fab Expands Across 13 European Countries, Is Actively Looking For Acquisitions - TechCrunch
My neighbor (not the whistler) is a pretty good pianist.
Really not looking forward to giving a speech in front of my whole English class today.
winkyface and chase is your dads name brad?
kind of like when Marcus Allen said that the team with the most points will win.
Who's watching the #orangebowl - what's up with Train guy's hair?!?!
#RyanBraun after his eloquent speech, they still drag him down
Was resisting going to bed this early, but then remembered that I didn't go to bed until 3:30 last night (morning). Z.
not much. Sorry for the long wait.
Almost a new year....time to get a new you.
It's MOJITO #Mondays $5 mojitos! Come join us!
Sometimes Twitter & Facebook is a big What Would You Do? With John Quinones.
Thanks for the RT!
All these haters are just giving me more views
hey girl, I hope all is well, looking 4ward 2 having U up the road next week in Lex at The Tin Roof..gonna B a great show!
Two's a couple, three's a scene.
Back in town, from watching Angelica Chavez's awesome victory! We are so proud of her and the rest of the fighters from Chavez Dojo!!
thanks I see U ! U a ANIMAL! u on TOP! So i no i See-U! Get it!!!
Thanks for the follow
This is not pretend, don't play the end. I know you're real and not just a book I read.
that is engrained in your brain. wait are you still on twitter?
Yo you never paid for the hookers, roofies, and zip of GDP I sent over to your motel.
thanks! Have a great weekend!
Just listened to an interview with Morris Claiborne on I officially like this dude a LOT now.
gonna be changing twitter id.. stayed tuned
yeah, no. She's MY best friend.
I need more followers to unfollow this page it got hacked please follow my new one
hugs back. :D
RT : Happy birthday to our founder, ! Thanks for all you do for children in the Rochester community!
not ready to goto school but i have to -,- i hate that my mom makes me leave now & i start class in an hour 1/2
Ready to leave for #Miami tomorrow.
LMAOO! RT : we still are homie had to stop somewhere real quick and do some drugs
You are the 6th member of 1D....no questions asked.
. Most areas of the U.S. have more trees now than when the colonists came. Indians burned forests to make grazeland.
Love me some awesome peeps
Yeah, but I'm talking about how other fan bases/general people think all of us are "Little Monsters".
My nails look #fresh (': i love doing my own nails <3
so freaking mad and tired
He'll probably start again anyway since his single is done and AMAZING! Just like him ;) <3
good point lol :)
Thank u sunshine, for making this busy day a beautiful one! 2 AUDITIONS, 1 panel, 2 workshops. Phew!
When your on the weeds...no matter what it is you make it funny...#3:20hightweet
Happy Birthday ! We are getting nutty tn.
Had a good day today , played call of duty
is without a doubt the best player in the country.
yeah for spring break. Hopefully :S
Finished Homicide by David Simon, creator of The Wire. Why didn't I read this ten years ago? Brilliant.
hello sexy how you been ?
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT !
u short
Beautiful weekend forecast! Enjoy refreshing Stella Marina "Starfish" cocktail patio w vodka, pineapple, mint & cayenne
Eh. Just another fear-mongering article by rich folks who are worried that "the normals" can now get in on early deals.
That a boy Chip. Keep it going
I know guys think about sex a lot, but surely I'm setting some kind of record.
ALERT! We'll be closed Noon-5pm today Friday 4/13 for a private event. See you at 5pm for Happy Hour!
that ur thoughtful answer?u see no pattern of meanness,ego,elitism,...?That is worrisome-of you
yes sir! Another time :/
RT #FOLLOW my #TEAM <> follow us 2 Ocean Bar 2night!
i won't say that I am hungover, just that I am very tired.
buying Mrs B one for mothers day.
ha, only if we storify it B)
no doubt i read a retweet earlier that made me sad. I'll try and find it for u
Make sure you stop in to get something to wear for the New Year!
Wtf they know bout Easy E? Lol white ppl funny
I need to start booking people for hair appointments. Already getting requests ;D
I love my new #iPad!!!
I put my size 4 clothes into the attic. In a coffin.
#WeWontWork if you still talk EX
I want to go to wildwood #someonecomewithme !
Thanks for sharing, glad you enjoyed it. Have you burned any ships recently?
im on the east
Meeting with technical team and they are distracted by Matt Cain sitting next to us.
I love COD we play that sometimes too
Behind the scenes of #libmade: One of the best parts is seeing the attendance go up and also seeing some familiar names joining in!
Up and ready!
You're welcome! We moms of many have to stick together!
Who doesn't love cookies? lol
That does make it so hard! Let us know when you're needing motivation, we'll be here!!!
that akward moment when you open a pack of gum and then everyone wants to be your friend
I am one proud girlfriend!
Mumbai Bistro's website is live. www. mumbaibistro.com
things I'm tired of #1; small dogs
#nowplaying for the fallen dreams-nightmare <3
WoW, 11inch. Never dealt with sumthn that big!!
Happy Thursday #kizombalovers!!!
#dh11 Q: w/n startup grants, training for scaling up to bigger grants?
: ... Hey ! ... Hope to see at the party on Tuesday, June 14th at Sky Bar ... ” Yeap, I"ll b there!
“: thanks!!” of course! Did you go see it? Tell me what you thought! (:
An e-mail from who is in Rwanda w/ makes me jealous that she's breathing in the smokey air & hugging kiddos.
Late #FollowFriday post: and !!
We appreciate your insight! More detail on what instructions you would add? Feel free to email:
Is Giving Away a Wii, Follow and Retweet to Win
Fear was never a factor.
wait, that sounds like backhanded encouragement!
Want up to date sports news every day!? Check out our friends
Make Sure That You Are Taking Advantage Of All Possible Retirement Strategies: 401Ks, IRAs, Mortgage Strategy, Brokerage Accounts, etc...
I now own a table saw and hope to keep all my fingers forever.
Oh and we gotta go get a mother's day present today
Really the houstons need help 4 kicking Whitney husband Bobbi Brown #not cute
Weekday weekends in SF are the best!
Just got my eyebrows done lol
oh cool don't love me ?
I'm really not sure how to respond to that
please come to the #Royals next year
Act nice, and gentlemanly.
me & attack me now.
Hey everyone, follow Constantino's Market-University Circle at
See you tonight starting at 7pm for Art + Design Night in the Miami Design District. The rain is gone and it's going to be a great night.
night kenny glad I can become a Hollander to you :) even though I already am one to
I HATE IT
If there's anything we learned from I Am Legend it's that Will Smith talks to mannequins. But also that he might survive
Thanks! RT : I love the space!
I'd like to punch that Rodriguez in the mouth! Wieters is the man!
I've said it before, but am I really the only one who kinda feels sorry for Wolfgang Van Halen?
..opinions vary, but it's a very "potent" way of rebuking any kind of negative or EVIL, feel me? Trey bien, merci!
#ThingsCentralStudentsSay; Student- "OH SHIT." Teacher- "Get out!." Student- "I SAID 'HUSH IT.'"
would you guys kill me if I made it my icon?
Who's hungry? Fresh-baked flatbread !
Excited to have a little "fiesta"
I dont tweet very often, what is up with me?
is performing a cover of Feel So Close To You... right now
Life Lift, the Oprah blog (and, of course, my own edification).
Happy earth day!!!
Don't do it, Betty! Put down the whip cream!
I think it did Fox has pushed back the 24 film twice in two years.
#Myperfectguy someone who always wants to hug and kiss me. At the right time.
Having dinner at fuentes. Prolly a 2 hour wait... Or as I like to think about it, a 5 beer wait
The otaku are probably having massive orgasms while pre-ordering their cute girls doing cute things movie.
#orioles record is now 6-1 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch in a game and 0-3 when he does
Danny Miller is hot!
I was going to make a joke about Crystal molesting Justin Beiber, but it really feels more like it'll be the other way around..
lol :p i wish I knew!
Its not like I brought up Dallas sweeping the Lakers or anything....Why did you have to do that?! Your a horrible person
Just a reminder that it's HAPPY HOUR at from 5-7pm!
That place isn't shit but a social spot
BTW, great crowd tonight at Prince Chichbu Memorial Rugby Ground in Tokyo despite the weather
#algebra2 Can Be So Confusing and Hard!! :/
Thanks, doll. Great to see you today!
And you, sir, are at the top of the that list.
#SometimesYouHaveTo keep yo ass in the house & stop runnin dem damd streets.
Thinking about starting a 'non-noisseur wine blog' for people who love wine [esp cheaper varietals] . Would you read it?
Good afternoon, all. Hope you're moving your day along positively.
How is everyone's day going? Are you lending a free hand to someone in your life?
i was only totally joking.
Final Fight, Aliens vs. Predator and The Punisher were hands down kickass beat 'em up arcade games. Don't forget Cadillacs & Dinosaurs.
you recommend this movie to everyone ! But it is one of my favs 💉💊🏀
finally ! lol jk, its all good. but like... i dont want people from school to see what i tweet !
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
#almchicago - Lunch is served!
Sometimes we have to erase our history in order to write our destiny!
Followed ya! :)
#jvwebinar Looks like some cool folks online tonight!
Please follow my girl she shows mad love
hey lovely. I leave Thursday morning :)
I think is going to be talking with you
Thank you! Really appreciate your feedback!
I'm outta here lol
finally can catch my breath.
Yes, I do sing professionally. How cool to play the drums! I'm trying to learn piano and guitar.
!Don't cover up the beauty!
As of this very moment, we have 210 people registered for BarCamp Rochester. This event is shaping up to be the biggest we've ever had.
Outside with my besties about to play this game idk wat game but it sounds fun so imma ply it
Love your blog and your bracelets!
Tereck was honest & upfront about his salary and asked person to do more research on other points
I think we have an opportunity to create and expose youth to new realities.
Thank you for sharing! Red velvet+cheescake=pure amazingness
Draft budget: Revenues to increase from $713k this year to $2.339 million in 2016-17
Im arguing with an idiot about the Trayvon Martin case on Fbook. I dont know why. I'm about to quit.
So many pretty colours though!
Singer-turned-horror-movie-director Rob Zombie started out as a production assistant on 'Pee-Wee’s Playhouse.'
Busy week of recruiting in Florida at AAU National tournament then back to KY in prep for 2011 preseason. Canada, Cats and Vegas + HCAC
Hey I'm making your favorite soup.
Loving the warm banana-white chocolate bread pudding at Audrey Clare in Philadelphia.
My friends are some cunts so I'm done.
Amen. Dude should be satisfied to call it a miss & walk away. Multiple unrequited reaches proved his unworthiness anyway.
For what it's worth, Sox killed it today. Well done
Rooting for our very own CHRIS THOMAS on #AmericasBestDanceCrew one talent crew!!!!!
2 wks ago my plan b was 2 move 2 sedona, az and give pink jeep tours w/ent & exit narratives
Hey #anybutobama whoever you are, if you win in Nov, i've got a
RT : RT : Wow what a call!
Campaign??? I did not know I was running? Thanx Constant Contact!! for putting me in the race!! LOL
Falcons beat saints and Jimmie Johnson wins at Dover, having a good day
Girrrrrrlllll!!!!!!! RT : Why do we date people who are not even close to being on our levels??
Hope you have a good day :)
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON DC July 1st - July 7th,2012!!! Follow for details
i have yet to even get you "ON a stage" in DC..... but i'll settle for the floor
conference looks fun!
Looking forward to seeing some great food & friends tonight at #D-E dinner
now in omaha...want to know what a librarian does here? i'll try to enter every transaction. lots of giving out of bathroom key!
Anyone have suggestions for good hotels in downtown Nashville?
Had an awesome time at #ala10, seeing all my mls buddies and meeting new librarians!
I want to thank everyone for supporting us tonight. I am working on a frequent buyer card for our loyal customers.
Hit that slut with that beignet
Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers. You are very talented.what a great voice!
yessir. Just cant fill out the lineup card.
I would go to the gym this weekend butt , Im going to Spokane . (:
Recently read Steve Jobs autobiography by Walter Isaacson, went for the IPad instead.
chillin like matt dillan...playing my tennis..yeah yeaheeeeeeeee
Oh..okay:( lol
I left my ring at home, not a good way to start off my day.
Gr8 to hear! :) RT : all good
crabs r gr8! RT : Aww...wish I could get it at Tower Oaks this weekend.Oh well.Soft-shells are in my very near future then! :)
Our offices are near Pizza Hut and Papa John's. And I keep smelling a pizza with black olives and green peppers! Help, I'm getting hungry!
Super PAC spending
Which means you MUST find a date to join you ;) “: LIKE our Facebook page to get our BOGO COUPON!! Yippe! Deals!”
Wish I could sleep in tomorrow
can't get pregnant if u do it in the water
got our apt. We're official. Welcoming all guests named Veronica.
Thanks. Gonna try it for breakfast.
Aced that Civil War test today. All because of you obviously..
Dear Candidates what would you do to support integration of the immigrant population. Perry, focus on the family support, through schools..
is giving a solid talk on balanced design.
heyy i am mad bord and we have school tomarrow dont really feel like going but it is my bfs bday
I think I'm addicted to facebook....
Go Cards! But next time can we sing the right song in the 7th inning stretch please?
Trying to Twitter from my phone. Allergies are at full force and Im sneezing like I ve got the Turrets :-o
oo shush i have a tutor
I want to humbly thank all of u who listen to my show at night. You are the reason it was ranked #1 again. THANK YOU! U are the best
My beetle was totaled, and we just inconveniently sold the truck... So, I'm carless at the moment 😥
We love our Twitter followers :)
im in your neck of the woods!
Always glad to help, Phil! Hope you're having a good weekend.
I have a feeling that leaving the second time will be harder than leaving the first time...
Let's go Clippers!
One Direction is going to be on SNL tomorrow? Sweet!
Hey , please follow & DM. We'd like to discuss a project that we'd like to include on! Thanks!
You make a very good argument.
#erl12 reformatted department handles CD, ER, resource sharing delivery & circ services at OSU
Craving a goshen store sandwich
Josh McRoberts is a dirty worthless player to this Lakers team
Have fun!
#Raw no Divas match I'm disapointed
Let's go Sixers
I don't see what the big deal is. Academics? As an SU basketball player, the odds were against him graduating to begin with.
using your tip to kill it in foursquare this morning. #MallsRule haha
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
haha! Wow Kyla's got a mean side!
Then lets all get off our butts and make sure he wins. I don't give up!
Just got to Art Bar for the after party and I've got lots of free drinks to give away!
good for you qiara.
that doesn't sound crazy at all. It sounds like a perfect environment to foster relationships!
Dunkin Donuts in the morning on school days :)
they need to make a reality show and put 20 beliebers in one house with only one computer to interact with justin THAT WOULD BE FUNNY OK
Wen you walk into the main office & fox 5 with their camera crew walks in.
Rum Diary! My favorite (besides Drive) movie of last year. But I'm biased bc I worship HST.
the problem is that the tweets u post are incoherent nonsense, thought F.N. Lights was great, but I cringe every time u tweet
My pop got hot fast
Are you following 's great tweets about the #LostColony? Fascinating!
Thank you TNT for putting a "regular speaking" Black Man in a bow tie with a professional job on TV! Leverage is a funny show! My new fav!
you won't do it!
some target mgr told me there was a limit of 4 coupons for same items. That's NOT in their online policy, is it? Making up their own rules
that's what they're hopping
Drake has the worst swag ever!
I am dead like Mark Priors arm chicagosportsanalogy#
LOL. So true! :) RT : In other words, the sales staff knows that I am a "big spender" or a "cheapskate"
I'd be even more excited to see Durant and west brook out for 2 weeks
If it is to be, it is up to me
#np Somewhere Only We Know / Pip.
Looking for someone to do your next music video? You can contact us at
Sure I can teach you. check me out at www.ronjacksonmusic.com
omg still going on.. STFU!!!
RT : Age does not determine maturity.(Truth)
I have udders, will you milk me?
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy steve-o
Finished a day-long series of meeting on a potential "data dashboard."
I just had to watch it again.... Ewwwww! We may need group therapy.
Just made lasagna s with fresh pasta:)
And of course nothing I do is good enough. Work all day, school all night. I don't even sleep anymore. And you're still not satisfied.
Skype to release video and voice calling app for PlayStation Vita mobile gaming device
there's nothing surgery can do when I break your little heart in two,
Good 12 hours of sleep, but I'm still groggy. I need to take a brisk shower to wake up for today's events. Oh, and medicate :) Spine HURTS.
Of course there are always exceptions and poor decisions by medical staff. A life or future should never be risked for sport
let us know if we can help
if you come to UK there will be no sitting on the bench. You be in the starting 5. Guaranteed!! Now bring home #9!
Take THAT North Carolina!
No, the other one.
Received word this morning that ICA was awarded $20K for capacity building from Thank you!
thanks for your awesome customer service! quick turnaround and exactly the response i was hoping for.
Just say no to negativity and impatience! End negativity, NOW!!
Girls that tan (;
Did you know the Children's Library offers "Finger Fun for Babies" twice a week? Join them on Wednesday's @ 10:30a and Thursday's at 4pm!
Sunday's are not for work
Absolutely wonderful home-going.
wanna come? ;) lol
Bitch idgaf about your relationship you've had like a bunch of fukin Facebook relationships soo uh stop tellin me cuz i dont care!
big thanks to , , , and dr. carl ellis for speaking yesterday at unplugged baltimore... i'm still full!
