EVERYONE from the middle east is a terrorist.
And congrats on your news positions at !
rider by Fabolous
I'm actually so glad my mom is a chef.
would like a copy of your draft guide,
^.^ I like that one, but I totally disagree about bein a hoe !
it's funny when you see people from high school who thought they were great a. get ugly. b. get fat. c. have no friends
thanks for sharing your story and work in LA tonight!
How did you like it?
hello :) Thanks for following and I hope we enjoy exchanging tweets
#shoutout and to all of ABQ
Antiques Appraisal Day to benefit fight against Parkinson&#39;s disease
Preparing for tomorrow's workshop, "How to Win in Any Economy"
Only have one day of work (5.75 hours) next week. HAHAHAHA. Yes.
My daughter had a choice today. But the pink princess sheets or the rich black. I'm so proud of her #goodchoice! Washing black sheets now.
Clean and professional, but generous when they are working well under scale, consider their time an investment
Who ARE these people?
that made my day holy crap I'm drooling.
was thinking chess and tea
I have a hopeless crush on someone I have no chance with, story of my life.
new Blog Post!!!! Blog.peasinablanket.com Check us out!!!
It is a happy day indeed!
I saw half. Didn't like it. Couldn't watch the rest.
aww i wanna go to Germany so Bad :(
She headbutts me out of the way to get to him. LOL.
Feels indifferent about the weather. We live in #Portland! Since when does anything weird (weather-related) catch us off guard? Stay warm!
Yep, hacked. Thx for the DM and so sorry! :(
Follow Me :o)
✈up up and away!!! Off to PHX✈
"We had fed the heart on fantasy, the heart's grown brutal from the fare." W. B. Yeats
J. Hilton: "lots to be worked out, but we have got to get started"
James Cameron experiences Titanic, then Armageddon. RT Billionaire investors hoping to send rockets into space to mine asteroids
Bitch. If that was you, you would have been pissed the hell off. Don't laugh your ass off.
feels pretty good when he was the youngest captain to win a Stanley cup and MVP. I'll take that any day
I believe it was sacrifice a chicken in Major League.
Welcome to Twitter I see you are apparently sponsored by the Men's Wearhouse & Dry Eraseboards
Tonight's pint night is redhook esb!! Followed by trivia at 7!
THAT SUCKED !
Join us @ the Cap for the game!
Nice work on the CSS3 tree by the way! :)
Getting money is like digging with a needle, spending it is like water soaking into sand.
check out ukjobs, they have all sorts of stuff, including positions for sports camps
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the follow. :-)
The best and most beautiful teams do not always win, but in the case of Barcelona, we got the beauty and victory - I love good passing!
DMAC maybe Fairley is a one year wonder but Dareus will pay dividends for several years to come.
a cheater is a liar…
youre a roots fan? this is really great news
Purple pill... check!
damn you cbs.
No pardon needed. Again, I think we had a different demographic in mind.
Sex ain't better than love, but it fills the void. *shrugs*
why aren't there any pictures?!? :(
What do YOU do during concert season to anti-stress? #musedchat I pick out next season's repertoire...
All yall ladies if yall dont have a sweet method of condomizing a dick then yall need to have something yu do while dude puttin on a rubber
KARATE KICK THE FUCKING AIR!
I WANT TO BE DANCING WHEN THE CLOCK STRIKES 12!! AT THE Carnival in Rio- NYE PARTY "ME"
On my way to work. Thank goodness for hot beverages to cut through the sleepiness!
soon the Enquirer will be charging that much to read their entire online site.
Scuba school confined water dive 1: check.
God help Japan and all of us!!! Let's pray and let's change! We still have a chance!!!
follow back? :)
Weekly Sunday dinners with my parents and sister's family are the the best way to get ready for the week.
not tied anymore! USA up by a goal!
what Roddy do?
Good, your Bro needs a good ass kickin' and your just the guy to give it to him.
Happy Holidays from the Coalition to Ban Horse-Drawn Carriages! Thank you all for helping the horses.
Yep! It's pretty ambitious and not completely fleshed out yet, happy to point you to some docs if you're interested.
Only B word you should call a girl is beautiful, bitches love that shit.
I like going to different places that I wouldnt otherwise so I like those most. When they overlapp I wish theyre all close by
peace on earth
Ha! Score for friends who RSVP you to shit for sxsw ....hooray for
Really unnerving how Twitter saves the text of the last unsent tweet. Same feeling as "whoops, did I just reply to all?"
just keep the hustle. Even when it feels daunting. There are quality peeps, it just takes time to find them ;)
If u look at 's timeline..they 1st tweeted popstar to get Austin in their mag! should thank them.
follow me
I AM A NERVOUS WRECK.
At least you have clean towels ;)
So good.
Legal fight over deportation warnings heating up in South Florida
I only think you can DM people who follow you. Lol
Astral Weeks (Van Morrison)
oh so you've been to Mexico? Lol
you know what I meant!
Don't u be on that Bulls--t all night!
it makes the song SO much better
People starting to show up at Grant Hill Park. Great view for fireworks!
So excited!! Only 2 weeks until World Premiere at
I'm not kidding, Hummus on spagetti sounds weird but makes it like a creamy cheese sauce. SO good. (my hummus anyway)
LOLOL! Genius. RT : ... The internet was made at Al Gore, too.
I have a headache -.- I think my bun was too tight.
Another victory for civil rights! Can you remind people how Prop 8 even passed?
Physical therapist says he wants me wearing an ankle brace without crutches, good bye boot, hello awkward gym shoes!
When uncertain, trust your feelings and sit with them until you are certain.
ok I'll try to reach him
Feel better.(:
agree. I hit someone just like Harris he went to hospital.
I am taking my wife out on a much needed date. Woohoo! No child, should be fun.
OMG. THIS IS WHY IM A MAHOMIE. I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Lol, Tyler Scott tans.
#FF ! This stripper is sober and back! :D
Perfect beautiful day to hang out in the patio. It's open tonight And the rest of the week.
Cheers to history Matt!
EVERYONE sees her and says, "Oh, I love her!" but then cannot remember her in anything else.
Two more weeks and I will be done with library school! Finals in the meantime.
yes - just relax until mid June then work part time at my dad's law firm :)
nice! Now all you need is a hot tub for the patio to be complete.
it's all GOoD we still love MFC it was just our time to move... God bless u guys!
Got a place you want me to play?! Email me! Include city, state & venue perdy please.
my mind is busy with new sports team designs for the NFL and NCAA kickoff games. Pictures to follow
Big shout out to my fam. Keep grindin
Working on the Hard Core show! Tomorrow interviewing Dave from Kutless
Hey Dean.. Stay awhile and listen..
TONIGHT: FuseBox Theatre's last Craigslist show in Nashville. Browse the interwebs of hilarity with us tonight at 8:00pm at Cafe Coco.
yes a nice tech would be Great, i really hope they don't press to hard on my Tummy your luck u have a Nice US Tech
Go Trio fab development @ Knickerbocker last nite. Lots of heartfelt applause & compliments. Sure, it's a restuarant, but great mgt support.
“The next time you’re faced with something that’s unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider it may be a gift.” ~Stacey Kramer, TEDTalk
As my mom reads the guest list for my grad party, I'm becoming soo NERVOUS.
#11:11i want her to be all mine.
Happy NewYear! All the best to you in 2012!
worst news ever D;
we will FB soon as Twitter opens us back up, they blocked us till we get more followers. We need more tweeters to follow
I do not like genralizations.
Amazed by info Nancy Durante is sharing... Wow...communication analyzed. #Catalyst I will buy her book!
It's Only Been 6 Minutes ?? That Was Forever Long.
Today's phone call with Mama Beaton: arguing about black dresses. Naturally.
Stoked that will be featured on this morning! Talking about too!
close my eyes and dream
Is anyone else starting to think this crazy weather is how our district plans to train us for the Hunger Games?
and I look the hottest ^_^
Thanks for the follow! Best & success!
Game day! #SportingKC is on the road at Toyota Park & will take on #ChicagoFire tonight. Head out to the Members Club for the watch party!
It's a Football SUnday Chili kinda day ! Oh Yeah !
Stop comin up to me with your hands out?
Thanks! Definitely plenty to see and do!
Depends on what your concept of reality is.
Still hungry? Our kitchen is open until 1 am every weekend.
Ran into a girlfriend at Cafe Maude who also did boot camp this morning...happy to see we were both still standing strong tonight. ;-)
not at all. I'm an only child and my dad and both sets of grandparents died when I was younger
Far Rockaway Home sweet Home...........
Join Team Thomas for the 27th Annual National Night Out, Tuesday, August 3, 6pm - 9pm Trinidad Recreation Center, 1310 Childress Street, NE
Someone please tell me how this is not trending?! Big Time Rudh are fucking assholes!
10 minutes into Chicago and an a hole toll booth guy makes my kids cry because our iPass isn't working. Can I to go home now?
thank you. <3
": I fucking have a very wet wet vjj and nobody is paying attention wtf"i am but u never respond lol
What are your thoughts on the future of the film industry? Good or bad?
SOX: In the Mother's Day win, C Jarrod Saltalamacchia went 3-for-4 with 5 RBI. Daniel Bard earned victory.
Hi Tim!
I can't ever tell when you're serious. Not cool.
SO GLAD U LIKE LADYBUG! <3 “: the cake was so moist! The frosting complemented the cake really well.Yay cupcakes for a cause!”
2012 Chicago Bears Draft Picks: Fan&#39;s Reaction
I love scary movies..
“: Ready to rock at your nbrhood farmers market #fb”
LOL The only insurmountable DC I see in this equation is getting Team 20ss to meet the dress code.
*pats back sympathetically* *walks away gingerly while keeping one eye on you*
Your icon. ahahaha who made that beautiful piece of artwork?
People like that. People like me, will have a hard time finding other people who will not only deal, but understand that.
is this what happens when the music just has to get out?
You always end up learning who your real friends are.
agreed, F Jockey.
I really loe baseball😊😌
I came by but didn't see you. i'm sitting in the open flex area near the media conf room if you want to stop by before you go
I seem to have misplaced the owner's manual that came with my kids. Does anyone have a spare I can barrow? ;)
I think I'm there now.
Despite the stupidity on my TL imma enjoy this mosley alvarez fight
RT If there is a way to do it better ... find it. -Thomas Edison
If I lived in LA, I would go out of my way to make Jeff and Jenni my friends. I love them.
But he is a billionaire, right? ": Pujols down to .192 and didn't get a ball out of infield tonight."
Enterprise must-have: better social media integration
It's probably just me, but these #StanleyCup conference finals matchups totally blow.
#yeaulookgoodbut that doesn't mean you can play with somebody's mind and hurt them...
"We gotta get jobs, then we get the khakis, then we get the chicks." From the movie BaseKetball.
damn nice! Make it yo pet til u leave for chi
Anybody can be apart of the
Especially bummed that Serena lost. No American left in Australian Open.
:D you know shanas fringe queen shirt? i know where she got it! urban outfitters! couse i was there yesterday and i saw it! :o
Birds chirping and sunshine this morning and a high of 78 today! Still can't believe its only March. Ohio weather is #Crazy!
Watching Dazed and Confused, haha
2012 should be a shoe-in for a great year. But the poor decisions of a few could ruin it for many.
Stoked to listen to with great friends and an amazing girl!
Thanks, that makes sense. Most of these guys are 19-20 years old
unreal. Gotta make free throws though that's not the coach
Cuddling time 👌
that is good to hear. Hope you have a good weekend
Hanging at the mall in San Diego looking for some new lids
I love Carroll Park! You can get a great view of it aboard the train at the B&O Museum. All kinds of weird stuff in there!
just tryn to dig in. Yeah buddy thursday its on
#economicdevelopment? RT wonder if will have to get a bigger stage?
Busy week this week! Regular Biweekly meeting tonight @ 7:30. Finishing up planning for Mitch Altman/6 month anniversary party this Saturday
Show your support for independent artists!
RT : Heavy promoters... Get unfollowed. That crap is ANNOYING AF!! ~ Go make a commercial or something lol.
not recently.
As long as it keeps raining with no lightning out thunder I'll be ok
We can't lose focus out here
EVERYONE US DYING WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS MOVIE
Omg Survival of the Fittest??? Taking me back. Young bucks don't know that.
I want a psychological thriller based in the St. Petersburg of 'Crime & Punishment'- cross betwen Resident Evil & Max Payne.
Here at the #bima #mitx event w/ thank you to for sponsoring.... #gogiants #nfl... #giants cc
Your heart is your most prized possession, so be careful who you give it to.
Road tripping right now Vanity 6`s Nasty Girls comes on the radio. Hm... what you know about that?
*tap tap* hey hey, check. Is this thing on?
Calling Sis Ash back since I ignored her call ctfu
marzen Southampton bier de mars both now pouring.
31% of students wished their instructors used e-books or e-textbooks more often.
New delicious item: beer cheese sauce, hand made by Zac! Get our hand cut fries smothered in it for just $5.59.
hahaha I'm pretty sure the tv in my room is broken D: lol
Extended happy hour on Fat Tuesday - 4pm to 10pm!! Yippee
hahaha okay lol I'll head to your house right now
Thats what im talking about lol I didnt know when the circle is unbound that they can solo magic
I'm fairly positive Netflix thinks I'm a lesbian...
RT : on airplane Just got asked to cover my "I love the fucking Walker" tshirt. I said it was art. #
Oh that's what he left? Let his mama pick it up. Might back up on it, VROOM VROOM wit the pick-up truck.
Never Shying Away from Grilling the Unusual, Pork Barrel BBQ Grill’s Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 on Today’s Episode of ...
is Frustrated
Back and now im banned from Arby's for the next two weeks!
If its not one thing its another.....
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV !!!
One of my fb friends got a tattoo in memory of her grandma. Not the tribute my grandma would want,
Liverpool > Chelsea
i miss you too :(
#ThatMomentWhen "Oh hey, you have a boyfriend? I will honestly never talk to you again :D"
I love & . Those are two people I will always back up in anything! Don't mess with my fam or them. :)
Hey NYPL! Fellow librarian on hold waiting to ask specifically to about electronic database access - got a better number I can call?
A crisp, cold day in Nashville...I love it...but where's the snow? We need at least ONE GREAT SNOWFALL this season..
VP of Engineering : "we like to think we're inventing the future..." at Prince Building Tech Talk 1.
I'll buy it!
if you are a fool, take note: i shall neither pity nor suffer you today.
I'm playing Apples to Apples by myself and I'm totally winning!
Metadata is more important for #ebooks than it was in a print world; accurate metadata is the only way ebook is found online (via )
Kanye keep making that music fella, love it pretty woman holler
It's not going to be a good day.
#shoutoutto straight out of the B-TOWN.
Answer da phone .....
haha, well good! La Dispute is my favorite band, i'm probably getting their lyrics tattooed on my body someday.
If I here the words "honey badger" one more time, I am going to puke on the tv. Do they not have another player?
I hope you mean Bruce Wayne.
"Oh man, the bullshit piled up so fast in Vietnam you needed wings to stay above it."
You know I will! :)
whats up and sory im not going to be able to txt
we are too much alike. :)
she got the right idea. we need more glam pirates.
Lazy Sunday is hilarious! Love it...and now I want to watch Narnia.
Awesome that is in the #roadron with the Amazing that has such ownership.
if you win, do and get some time with the trophy? Go Harvin and KSmith at flex if he plas
RT : In these days, a man who says a thing cannot be done is quite apt to be interrupted by some idiot doing it. - Elbert Hubbard
hello and good morning... come back NY soon
keep thurs nite open. There's some bdays to celebrate
you nevet texted me!!!"
so damn true
agree with u all the way
Asking for pray today.
Vibrant and infectious sound horrible together. Its like being zombified with happiness.
#schoolmemories falling up the steps like a badass.
nobody knows why hes on the team, hes like jon brockman on the bucks.
redefining purchase intent
Hey , good luck on your 11 mile run in pitch black darkness! If you hit a large bump that moves, just keep running..
Thanks for the mention! Happy #WW!
you & Ambi Campbi need to join us for lunch!
I made a mistake this break, got live for the consequences.
Just trying to hit a groove today, have 2.5 hours to write
jusst search his name.
Damn Skippy. “: Shouting/singing loudly at your TV tonight isn't weird. It's common SportingKC etiquette. #carefree”
#whatawomanneeds some sleep.
I'll pray for you(:
I wonder if i'm the only one who realized Kurt said Blaine Warbler. His last name is Anderson. Warbler is the glee group.
Today, glass recycling starts to be picked up at the curb, no more going to the recycling center, yay!
Have received flowers at work from my 6-month-old son. Apparently my husband is already teaching him to be smooth!
My hair is outta control
"Whoever helps, wins" says the woman from Volvo. I think proved that without a doubt in his session!
okay thanks.
...an undercover narcotics investigation. Two suspects fled on foot, went into residential area, ended up at dead-end...
Competitive club soccer training resumes tonight for the boys.. U9-U15 in Boynton Beach.
Pedro Alvarez walk off Grand Slam. I'm callin it!
Thanks to all the peanut farmers!!! It's
#SS I call it SuperSunday! It's the day in which our Lord Jesus Christ rose from the dead and gave us life forever and ever... :-)
Lol, I worry more about them dropping down out of no where! But, as long as it's not in my bedroom I TRY to let 'em live. :)
And on that note, time for some
really liked it, well done.
Thanks for your nice comments about the BLC! We'll make sure you are well-fed and comfortable!
He hits from both sides of the plate. He's amphibious. --Yogi Berra
And don't forget about our stickam chat tonight at 8:00 pm central time!
$2 rails tonight till 7PM as well!!
Arboretum Walk “Winter Birds” tomorrow at 1pm Join in to look for red-winged blackbirds, bluebirds, robins and other first returning birds.
Blessed <3 Good day to y'all!
I'm 65 and I guess that puts me in with the geriatrics. But if there were fifteen months in every year, I'd only be 48. That's t
Thanks to for taking a few minutes to talk ot U-T San Diego about his great charity event!
Don’t let people’s compliments go to your head and don’t let their criticisms get to your heart.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to fucking party.
I had a great time too thanks so much everyone!
Very very excited for the making of Dumb and Dumber 2! Carrey and Daniels!
Sure! I like your after dark reports, good info to know here in SLC :0)
not gonna happen, TH14 would happen before that
Stoked as fuck on the show tomorrow. DENNY'S after the show? and
cooking. Got a sweet 16 & a birthday party this weekend
oh shut up lol
Today was the first time I couldn't finish my weekly Saturday French toast. This better not become a thing.
thanks for the follow Roger. Hope your well.
Where you cats at right now! I'm hungry
you're welcome :) miss you dearly.
Baldenegro: some construction is from "old money", from implementation of long range plan.
Baby Anya was born at 704 am on monday morning!
JUST WATCHED A TORNADO GO BY MY HOUSE!!
Home in one piece
if i wasn't so far away i'd take her in a heartbeat. she could join my other 3 felines
1hr 45min commute this am. S mpls to Longfellow to drop kids to downtown. Whew.
He needed his ass kicked for mentioning that in my DM.
woah, great word. seems like a chindōgu itself though (useful word, creates the problem of having to explain what said word means)
From San Fran myself Nice to meet you!
Final 3 this is it don't get scared now
Since the actual temp is 97 & the heat index is 106, I suppose I'm going to the community center to walk today.
ew I know its a Costume Gala and it's Rodarte but cmon hunnay glam it up
#fifa12 #xbox accepting challenges
About to go out on the lake
my boy got us box seats, sorry man
When people retweet my dumbest tweets... >>> Lmfao love it
don't cry, I'm here.
A public school has to admit in zone... there's no cap on maximum enrollment. The might refuse to admit out of zone.
before you opened ya gap i had respect for you now i take it all back.
EMS, Emergency Medical Services - JEMS - Training, Paramedic ...
sometimes you just need a day off to decompress...
2012 NBA Playoffs have had alotta urprises from injuries to good teams being eliminated in the first round
- thanks for the RTs!
Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson, Steve Stricker. Tees in the turf at 1:49. Should be a fun group to watch
& I don't wanna change:)
men. They always have their mind in the gutter
yea he gave us the props
yeah. the main stream is becoming too non hip hip to me. ive been listnen to alot of undergound, lyricall and oldshcool rap.
Haha, that bubble had better watch out!
How many of our young brothers - now Alan Blueford will continue to be murdered by the police, until "reasonable suspicion" is abolish.
This white chick was up here this weekend right
Work, Work, Work
time to start a revolution! We can make a NEW new jersey. Haha
The twins didn't take any prisoners.....
"It may be that those who do the most, dream most." Quote that describes me in a nutshell!
You are very welcome. It was a great article you found.
Im glad me & is getting along !
Good night. Sweet dreams to you to. Have a good night. Talk to you in the morning.
Glad you liked it! Thanks :)
Hey tweeps, I'm now a digital journo at , where I started this week. Excited! Posting will be light as I get my bearings.
true that!
Colin Powell about to speak at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting!
Yeah my mom can piss me off better than anybody else, but I would do anything for her. I love her and she is an #ExtraordinaryMom <3
"Mr. Edwards categorically has no credibility whatsoever."
just lookng for people to chat with right now online :-)
welcome back!
is hailstorm coming here?
hey! What's the score?
articles are becoming more and more obvious advice.
I know;) haha
Thanks! : Those cookies were amazing! We're all very excited to be shooting your first video next month!
We have a few seats left for Thursday Speed Dating Event. Register today at www.tri-statespeeddating.com or join our mailing list
I keep it real with everyone no matter how fake they are .... [B]
I walked away for a minute and the damn game is tied
Ian Hunter and the Rant Band Band on stage now playing "19th Nervous Breakdown"! VERY COOL.
can I view Facebook messages in hootsuite as a stream? Did this used to exist?
“: where you guys teeing it?” he hit his drive there short of the womens tees
It is not. What is she up to?!
Deer leads off the top of the 8th with a walk and steals 2nd, but Sveum strikes out to end the threat. Still 8-6 Brewers.
put down the playboy
I'm loving all the UPFRONTS tweets. Keep 'em coming folks!
my sanity hurts
DONT WORRY - Whitney got a full season renewal.
What is your favorite thing about DK? Include hashtag
“: I've got my dad into listening to Skrillex.” win
worst move ever but all we ever do in cleveland is complain about never going for it well there you go
Dear God please let the Caps win tonight in Jesus name AMEN ! Let's go CAPS !!!
damn, Teni you hear what your best friend goes through everyday?
Thanks for following.. :):):)
Your overall content strategy should be the same no matter how much time you have to do the project. RT
I'd love to hear how others manage their code. Well, maybe love is too strong a word...but interested!
I replied. Thank you!
Then we owe you many thanks :-)
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo a pimp named slick back
Im so ready to go home n relax ...have a cocktail with the roomie :)
Cudahy Evacuation area. Lunham at the north. Ramsey on the south. Lake at the east. Pennyslvania Ave. on West.
Totally. See, great minds think alike!
New law grads: In interviews serious is OK; boring is not. Partner quip: "I don't want any door knobs; I have to work with these people."
Wow. Sick.
I've been good just trying to get this school thang over with lol how have u been
Dumb niggas wit money Spend there money own Dumb Shit !!!!
In the Hotel getting ready 2 have Dinner, walking down the hall and I no I smell weed, going 2 front desk and tell,
YES HE IS, dont hate on him. # Puerto rico <3
we did. We love our boys!
Happy 21st Birthday to ! :)
Coconut cake going fast, chocolate bundt w/Choc glaze on the bar tonight, and a fresh apple pie.
my left wrist lol
i wish i had motivation. weed aint gonna pay bills.
Wondering if answering queries on FB page so quickly on a Saturday night demonstrates more a lack of social life than dedication? Discuss!.
Great to meet you too; and glad I was memorable :)
Liberty University giving me flashbacks to BYU--everyone talking about weddings.
you look amazing!!! Love that you went with the red one!!!!!!
Wow. I have 420 followers. Isn't there something I forgot to do?
Your clothes would look nice on my bedroom floor. (;
Frederick Douglas~ People might not get all they work for in this world but they must certainly work for all they get.
Twitter worked fine. I have to get out of bed to see notes.
Please tell me you bought that shirt!
: On spring break. Will return to it when I'm back.
Hey , Did you hear not answer the question about CCDC, Run Ed Run and taxpayer money?
won't let you down
been trying all day to order and it says my address isn't right :/ I knoe know where I live! I want my y&r
working on new strategies and rep for my auditions in 2012. 2012 is going to be a good year. I am finally seeing the end of the tunnel.
r u kidding?..lolol! That was funny tho! XD
“: Tweets are exceptionally powerful in the short term and occasionally in the long term. #socialseo”
Being sick is the worst.
She can go die in heaven, stupid bitch and why heaven you ask, cause im going to hell and u dont want that bitch with me
i used to think it was asking but realized feeling & thinking came first - where all the power is ! :)
must be nice
Just added to the vendor list for the Sherwood Center! Shout out to Brianne :)
fun youtube project: take a clip of deep space nine and replace every mention of "cardassians" with "kardashians"
An interview with Eva Kor will be on 98.5 in Terre Haute Sunday morning at 7:15am. Podcast will be available on www.wibqfm.com
please do, I'll send you one as well!!!!
"Many times you will be surrounded by adversity, and no matter what, don't give up."
Will do(:
Thx for the RT. I like how some coaches are communicating with their players thru social media
A happy and healthy New Year to all! To tivity and beyond in 2012!
Anyways, the right side of my jaw hurts like fuck.
He's mine you may have had him once but I got him all the time
sounds like lots of fun! I'll swing by with some friends! ;)
happy birthday mexico!
Just handed on my last assignment!! Can't wait for celebratory baseball and bluegrass w/ and friends! 🌈🎉🍻
2012 Easter egg fashions
I want a furby too!!!
Spending the Rapture at work!
Hey are any of my friends online still
Thanks for a great show, hope everyone enjoyed!
NOW I REALLY GOTTA GO! mayb ill b bak...
beautiful day I just finished a 4.53 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
BOBS by Sketchers? You mean TOMS?
Is it possible to stan for someone without being crazy? Lol seriously ... think about what it means.
There's still a few weeks left to book a fabulous Holiday Party & receive a discount on our Holiday Menus! Call 503.492.2777 for more info!
MT : just proclamed today as GENI World Resource Simulation Center Day!! :)
Looks like we're on track to give up 40+ points again.
" Weed Is My Runaway "
My 25th bday is thurs. still homeless and Keef will be gone. It's my party and I'll cry if I want...right into a bottle of wine by myself
+1 RT : What a game! Go Clippers
Kelso plays Columbia River, 4 p.m. Wednesday; winner plays Camas at 7 p.m. Wednesday. All remaining teams go to bi-district.
#smbmad GF taste test added to my calendar. Maybe I will #bike down to beable to eat food as well guilt free. #biketowork month
Spinach Artichoke Dip, Grilled Chiken Quesadilla, New York Bruschetta, Three Cheese Grilled Sandwich on Sourdough, $8.50 each
cooldowncollab starts today :D our day is friday
per Yep, Wave 3 meteorologist, Belski! I always like to 2nd guess the weather man, but I will give him the benefit of the doubt! :))
Morning something to wake up to. b a humble person u will have many admirers.
general issue I see a lot of: file naming, post-production, and server organization policies should be done in advance
hahaha thanks :) lol no I need one. I look like Justin bieber now.
Don't forget to sign up for a Networking Dinner! Sign up sheets at registration.
what happen business parnter ?????? :(
The girls are not interested only in rags, if these rags - men.
Jones Group says retailers ordering cautiously - Reuters
"A Nightmare on Elm Street" was the first feature film that New Line Cinema ever produced.
Its just great to be alive
Hey babe
Needs to bath in purell after takin bus back from hospital!
Riding around Atlanta blasting my favorite mixes, getting pumped for shooting midtown friday tonight!
Happy birthday mestizo
I need to head to RT for a “mash-up” of American Comfort Food w/ Indian flare...
I'm coming back tonight to hang more decorations from your yard
are you coming to madisonville anytime soon man my son and I are big fans he met your boy Lamb yesterday oh and he is 4
very true, very true.
World's shortest story: For sale. Baby shoes. Never worn.
its beautiful! ;) youre a very talented artist!
LMAO! Jimmy... the bug bites are getting to you! You need to bathe in Calamine Lotion! lol
i want it to start raining again!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 14th, 10:30am "Heart-Shaped Love" Stories about hearts and love-Amelia Bedelia & Goldie.
Class in two hours and havent been to sleep yet...
I LIKE THE PINK HANNAH MONTANA ONE
T-minus one week:
Are you a horse lover? Today on MPTV 10 at 3, Ali MacGraw narrates a story about horses & the people who love them on "Horses of the West".
Milwaukee looking forward to showing you our awesome city!!
Joe Arpaio says he has evidence that Obama isn't a citizen, confirming his complete conversion from narcissist to delusional dumb ass
- I probably listened to IllComm the most - I was in a band at the time & the other guy loved that record - with good reason.
Too bad i cant enjoy it
#mystrangeaddiction never fails to amaze me!! WOW!
o i cant believe this year is over.. what about u jstin?
December 10th, 3-7pm in north beach! Bartab crawls into the holidays! $1 drinks, dress in holiday attire! Meet @ boardroom!
re: rich, white, young, college-educated male? how about 3-out-of-5?
my best twitter friend
Thanks for Following. As a published author, Attic sounds fantastic. I will check it out. -Benjamin
lmao! We will be drunk together :)
OK ..gotta keep grindin.....sick in the morning or not....saltine crackers here I come...
I wish I could sleep
Don't miss Tuesday jazz Tomorrow they present to you the Dave Bayles Trio and $3 WI craft beers! Snap your fingers
so sorry for her
Things that are awesome...listening to Guns And Roses in Cleveland! Thanks JR!
Curious what a Mass Roll is or what's in a Caterpillar roll? Found out at lunch at Buddha-Bar & be rewarded w/extreme tastiness!
...well done on the September Picks...wish your Pats vs GB prediction at the start of the playoffs worked out. Pitt 33 GB 27?
So, to defend against allegations of copying Apple's designs, Samsung asks for access to unreleased Apple product? Going all in, I suppose?
LOL well at least you have a sense of humor! :D
Will be at tonight for the AD 2 MKE Fall into Fitness networking event. Anyone else in?
Metta World Flop.
I am cheering for #WeAreUK over #GoCyclones on
be careful and dont get caught today at school I loved seeing my chink eyed babies this morning love you both (:
"Bad" is a vast, vast overstatement.
Yep.. they are taking it easy now...
First day of school - I'm actually gonna try this year! Next week - Fuck it.
couldn't be happier for you!
St. Germain margarita is really good! Hurry in only 1 hour left.
Hope the show was awesome. Looks like you had great seats and a long day. :)
Headed back to New York now, off to Utah and Nevada with this Sunday! Looking forward to reconnecting with the students!
that pop thing still takes the cake :)
So good to see Great Wall of Lucy Wu by Wendy Wan-Long Shang trending on B&N!
All these positive changes going on... I love it.
Haha! Well done, Kurt! If it makes you feel any better, misspelled my name in the story budgeting system for a year
Man...you spazzed out fam.... you should take B-Magic he called you out.
Cherish The Light Years by was one of the five best records put out last year. FACT.
Bout to tear up this steak n watch some football
I want to see a Kobe vs. Bron matchup, but I wouldn't mind seeing a longhorn in the finals. \m/ Hook 'Em.
The game is missing originality
mountain or road?
Off to the gym.
I saw 50/50 on Friday. I really liked how it portrayed the way the family and friends dealt with the diagnosis & treatment.
Honey better stop retweeting my shit considering they didn't come see me today
haha! Gini, that was probably one of the most 'normal' things I've said all week! ;-)
Things that need to stop guys leading girls on .
I hereby retract my Dropbox-related happy dance at #alamw12. Files did not go thru, so today will be another very long day.
You + The Puffins + Nov. 7th + Uncommon Ground in Edgewater = Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf. It's science.
The days of Kennedy, Hudson, Bauer, Skaggs, Corbin get closer with each day.
Walking through walls with Habitat today!
Congrats Michael. You glutton for punishment! MT I'm coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ the Journal of FP!
No 👎 RT : No beard and dip swag
I don't deserve this.
My dream job is to become a morticianist ... you know working with dead people before the funeral :-)
Someone must of thought he was Ron Artest...
There's a group of young people at the forum wearing t shirts that say "I was born to thrive and succeed." who says young ppl r not engaged
I hope so. Otherwise, who's piss am I drinking?
you are the best superstar ever
I'm the type of person that will try to make everyone smile. But when I'm in need of a smile. Who's there for me?
i love the jargon finder -- but sometimes get such a kick out of new jargon that sums up the madness :)
My real father ( sperm doner ) is a prick :D
The WFF team has put the final touches to the game. It is tested, packaged, posted & as ready as it can be for
because they moved my desk 4 times already this year and I used to be by the window and see squirrels and they were merry.
=> It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. - W. Somerset Maugham, novelist
oh yeah. it's just getting good.
We can have affordability in towers, over time, if we saturate the market w/ density.
FB's problem is the use of heavy HTML and almost nothing native. It's clunky and slow.
That was such a Rondo play right there. Just go up with the damn ball and shoot it
Good choice! My all-time favorite is But Not the Hippopotamus. :)
you crazy rocket scientist you...
good for you! I've never taken yoga before-always wanted to but just never did it. I hear SO many good things about it
Kid Ink No Sticks No Seeds Instrumental Prod by ProtegeBeatz + Ringtone Download - kid rock dvd videos
hooray! Which panel?
My 1,000 tweet my Babbess(; my Chola a girl I just started talking to . my B I N K Y 🎀
We survived the cold weather last night. Hope all of our friends in #vawine did the same.
Planning A Motorcycle Trip: 3 Months From Germany To Turkey: First episode of a series that follows 2 BMW F 650 GS
This should've been the last week, I haven't done anything in any class.
Plus it's in Seattle this year!
Can the media please stop talking about that stupid Facebook IPO for a change? Geesh!
Lucas never seen a shot he ain't like!!! Lol
perhaps might not be in CP or VN.
I support a balanced budget if the first cuts are Pres, VP Cabinet and Congressional Salaries and staff... then Millionaires ...
“: Frank Haith with the slow "We will destroy everyone" clap.”
i was going to chat with other fans, and it said that i couldnt access that page, oh....i need my adam lambert fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are we falling or flying?
great mixer last night with and , long live the
I just bought a sidekick for ten bucks woo hoo
We missed you guys! It was a great time, complete with awesome videos by cc:
Ah ! So Excited ! I'll Be Attending The Zookeeper Premiere at The Regency Village Theater at 5:30 :) ! Can't Wait !
Learn more about #whymentor now with the ! Try the signature burger.
East DePere and loving my life right now!
I hope that when you die, there's a "New Game+" option. I'd like to try all the alternate endings.
Order sent to Milisa in CA!
Very true! What did we do? “: hard to believe those days there was no cell phones, email, internet, or twitter”
Thanks to our new fans
Years come and go, but this year I specially wish for you a double dose of health and happiness topped with loads of good fortune. NEW YEAR!
Swam faster times today at the GRIN state swim meet than last year
Great to see you today! RT“: Quinoa salad, Deluxe Veggie Wrap, & Green Juice at in Princeton..yumm #ticoeateryprinceton”
RT : Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how.--Anon
I know I'm a hear about this in the morning but my bae know she got this on lock
All I know is I'm going to miss seeing Ari Gold on Sunday nights. Not okay.
So cute!
Need to do some dreaming, but I can't find sleep, yet.
Joe Weinstein~ My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to cents a can. Thats almost . in dog money.
Auds where I've made strong relational choices & am flexible enough to adjust seem to go better.
If Wayne Rooney flaps his arms any more often I'll swear he's attempting to fly.
you left it here
Follow , The Cleveland Marshall Law library
RT #notfunny HEP says to CHCF "We'll send you the ones we don't think will make money." cc
Read 'The Frontiersman' to learn about nature and history from one of Ohio's most beloved authors, Allan Eckert.
Yeah, mothereffers! ::stumbles:: ;) RT : A #Libra is a model of beauty and balance.
"Good does not always triumph. Sometimes the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called 'the better angels of our nature.'" Watching Apoc. Now
That guy on American Idol looks like Chris from Everybody Hates Chris!
#Gaddafi's demise reminds me of what happened to Mussolini
Good morning friends! One more day til Taste & Toast Thursdays @ 302 S Rampart 5-8pm
I miss him ....I wana give him kisses
Are Trade Shows still relevant?
:) i would miss you
Andrew's pop up restaurant at Royal T in Culver City, CA begins NOW!!!
What makes it so perplexing is that I specifically named all of the ingredients in order.
Had a blast today doing a quick #iPhone presentation at work. Good to share some tips for newer users to ramp up faster. Great info share!:)
Great season RT Ads lose in regulation 4-2 against the Houston Aeros. Congrats to the Aeros on the West Division Playoff Champs
Calling in sick to the Austin History Center reception. Sorry, Austin. Sorry, history. (Centers will get over it.)
What a sloppy game.
Don't know why I'm more productive at night. Ah-ha...just noticed that Churchill sleeps. Not demanding to be let in/out/in/out. In. Out.
1.4 million adolescents die from injuries related to traffic accidents, childbirth complications, suicide, AIDS, and gang-related violence.
Copeland That How to watch Hulu on Xbox was really helpful. Thanks.
The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace. Galatians 5:22
Last night i saw u in my dreams, now i cant wait to go to sleep.
We need to take it day by day and take naps in-between
He says she's a hoe, But he dated her & that makes him???
In class with a major head ache
waiting for Federer/Nadal match :/ RT Courts are being dried and matches will not be played before 4:30pm.
Thanks - so much to learn. Starting small with some herbs and light composting.
Kind of regretting that "slice" of chocolate cake I just devoured in my efforts to deal with this Relay hangover.
Enjoyed Lisa Sarasohn's _Natural Philosophy of Margaret Cavendish_. Review for BSLS forthcoming.
My Marshall blew up. Went to get it fixed. Saw an oscilloscope. Hadn't seen one in years. Different world today.
Want to kickstart your writing for summer? is hosting the next #femlead: writing/research/blogging as leadership. 5/22 2pmEST
thinking about changing my name on here but i'm not sure what to...
And Bob said, Let there be cheesecake: and there was cheesecake. And Bob saw the cheesecake, and it was good
Breakfast Club is timeless, however Emilio Estevez clam-baking the library &doing flips is more meth like and not really the affects of weed
iTV announced today, I wonder. And at this point the iPad3 better b able to massage me.
Take a lesson from monkeys. Throwing your feces effectively resolves conflicts. No one wants to argue anymore after that.
u know me so well ;) lol
Going to bed at 9pm to be at church at 4:30am for sunrise service. Somehow I don't think the Bible meant quite THAT early.
Mixing the album today, tomorrow, and sunday. Gonna be tired on monday!
Today's Tom Sawyer's a mean, mean guy. Mark Twain is easier to type.
I only really want things when they seem elusive.
Three videos shot in Puerto Plata. Good times!
We're going to shop some labels for our next album. Who should we talk to?
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know Titties killed me
right back at ya Diane. Hope its filled with lots of laughter and happiness!
Heroes: Daddy, Mama, Whoopi, James Baldwin, Eleanor Roosevelt, Anne Frank, M.Garvey, Flo-Jo, Meb, Glady Burrell (92-year-old marathoner)....
lol always keep two bx u never know when one is gonna drop out
The devil dreams on an idle horse.
RT": U don't grind...u don't shine..PLAIN N SIMPLE"
Its hott as balls out, and what do i bring camping? sweatpants.
Crusty Boy Is Crusty.
The cookies and cream cookie at The Creamery is the best. Hands down.
Enjoying the keynote speaker at the ICE conference
Somehow ended up with a free train ride into Boston. Thanks, clueless MBTA worker.
She then promptly bought a couple of cards to send him. It made me wonder how many others have forgotten about their loved ones in prison.
now that would be exciting. Im hoping Philly can do it.
Now I kinda wanna see if water resistent headphones exist and are affordable.
R you on the 1st page of #google with every #keyword that describes your industry ? Why Not ? I can get you there in a few weeks not months
If I had ANY clue what I was doing, I'd do this more...But I don't, so I'll just randomly send things...
So is complaining about his commute...in other news the sky is blue
hows ur dad? Have not seen him since u & R Keener played in Redmond Wa. Good luck to u this year.
I also credit DECA for sparking my interest in marketing and business. Happy to spread the word.
If u cry u will feel better.
it's amazing, I didn't expect this...
yes, swing past the office. should be here so you two can geek out on algorithms
Girl every boy u met will end up lying saying i love u too
Everyone dies
Oh wow! Thanks! Will respond to that twitter interaction... Btw, <3 your programming efforts!!!
Is princeton's imstagram prince_misfit ? Cause alot of people was posting pics saying that is was ....
Auto correct just corrected G to girl. Wtf? My bad
None of ma slimes be answerin the phone tho
sit down somewhere then lol!
Headed into the studio today in Nashville to record our next ep!!
almost gone
Forte, Hali, Brady. How is that wrong?
RT : Fun!! Amy's SoCo is hosting a Disney Sing-A-Long 2nite @ 6! ,Come in costume, play Disney trivia and belt it out!
Chilling with all my dawgs good to have my big homie back
in person, he put his paws up and turned the handle
umm definitely! u let me know when you're coming to town!
Hi Colleen thanks for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
yeah... Your brothers yell is kinda ear piercing... Lol
Bummer about the rain! Good news on the horizon - should clear up by mid-morning tomorrow. Hope you'll still be visiting in WNY.
Thanks, Kira! It's something I started on my own, because I was doing all this research and figured it might help others.
Keep them separate. Oh no, there's Rihanna.
the people on the west coast have NOT seen x factor yet ! Now IM traumatized ! Your lucky I love Teen Wolf.
Dear Auto-Correct, why would you assume I wanted "eight" to be "right"?
sometimes what people want is also what they need. You need an empathetic understanding of who you're serving.
Our Baby's 16
Got a Coke from the fridge an hr ago but didn't open it. Put it back, got another. Sat down, wondered is it the same one? Got a 3rd. I think
voted for your brother from every phone and on line!!!!! He is the best!!!!!!
can we be friends!?!?
Busy day, it's flying!! Love it!!
"my salsa makes all the girls dance" is the male version of "my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard" 🍧🍅
I think Imma need to bring me some more beer. These Monk's Bloods are going down nicely. And quickly.
FOLLOW BACK PLS.
get references. Preferably someone you know or trust. Like on eBay, feedback matters.
hey the singles are out tommorow so give me ur email adress so i can send them to u.send it to
Working and listening to Adele this morning...
I love all my friends and family!
I should be sewing but my house is so quite and I really like it.
You're welcome! Stop in and see us sometime this summer to beat the heat!
Last night was fun. I think the video taking is infectious.
SnorkelingFlickr - Photo Sharing - snorkeling
Not gonna let whack priorities get me down!
RT This is your invitation to my gangsta nation *crip walks all over your TL* // SUWOOOOOP !
Thanks! I am blessed and have a pretty awesome bunch taking care of me... “: Feel better!!”
We want YOU on our Christmas ride! We are offering discounts for groups of 6 or more, youth and if you belong to a cycling...
I like the Mark_Ruffalo name.
Book Hoarders are full of love for books, so they should bring that #LOVE to
Oh hello, pants that don't fit me anymore.
kids whining ...sounds fun.
back it up, girl, lol.
We just don't do it to your face. xo
Great workout :)
I need a job. Really badly.
RT If u never took of ur "haters Gonna hate mahomies gonna love " bracelet ?(:
yeah! I think if you give him 3 thumbs down it won't play him anymore :)
#WeWantTheKoganVideo NOW!....... IM SERIOUS!
Finally taking pics of life on the road. I second that pissing thing that said.
People keep asking when Josh and I are going to adopt. A cat.
Breaking news, to broadcast extra 2 hours of today to enable him to comment on Newt press conference
i love how you just dint give a fuck lol
Ditto. generally refer old world style but likewise like efforts (more on the red spectrum). Sounds like it was a fun event.
How much do signed players pay attention to the off season? How big a part do they play in recruitment?
Congratulations to all the 2011 Brooklyn College Graduates I am so happy for you. It wasn't easy but you did it. I know many of you underto…
Surprising that Hanover County Schools have not announced any delays or closings this morning. All other Metro public schools closed.
hey Kreed! How ya been?
night night :)
Seriously. I would like it to have pineapple, and then be made into a milkshake.
Mark Cuban rules.
When I woke up in the middle of the night my brother tried to take my computer he failed cause I kicked him in the face
Oh I know, but I usually see you on FB, not here. Right?
Some girls call themselves "Independent" when they have been heart broken and scared to trust another guy.
Damn I was following more then 100 inactive people on here
I'll send you a picture tomorrow (:
TONIGHT...come out and celebrate with the Brass-A-Holics at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse...show begins at midnight!
Turns out people really need easy to use taxonomy management software. Who knew?
Think gave his best perfomance last night on with Bob Segar's We've Got Tonight!
No French toast instead I got an omelette with 3 diff kinds of sausage and it was the best omelette ever eaten
What were the #'s when Coors was sponsor? Still skewed Bud Light right?
Did you know women will buy cosmetics from a man 3 times more than a woman?
I think Tyler has said it best. RT : Megaupload Is Gone. These Niggas Is Not Playing B.
I love sending PDFs to my #KindleFire with my personalized email address. So easy!
Chris Wilcox in the locker room, seemed in good spirits
Today's special for $6.50: Beer-Battered Cod w/ Slaw & French Fries
The Launch of the First Annual Gourmet Haitian Chef Cook off at the 4th Annual Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival & Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011
me and met up last nite and came up with a good riff. So the band is on so come on and let's get it going! Lol
's website is so cute! The pink is awesome!
Totally agree.
ME I miss you girlfriend
I like how hard Indy is playing Miami. At this rate definitely doesn't look like they will be an easy win for Mia
Who tryna smoke a few bowls of strong wit me
You should do a convert here in Reno, Nevada. Don't go to Las Vegas! Reno is better xD💗😄🎀
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated Coming soon to ParaRock TV.
sounds like a good compromise. Netter than life without pineapple-topped carnitas!
Come on Lakers ! Compete!
never knew love, would hurt this fuckin bad, worst pain that ive ever had.
much love g cant wait till 4 20 im settin shit up for it now its gonna be money
go with ...he already got his outfit..
Bae got my stomach on full. Gotta love him!
Just watched a documentary in class called "The Wrecking Crew" about studio musicians in the 60s. So great. Good insight.
Only if you live on the east or west coast #TheRest of the country still has #SomeSenseLeft... RT So its aite to be gay now smh
Travis will join fellow barista Lindsey Kiser in the semi-finals tomorrow! Whoop whoop!
Watching "Herman Who" with Leslie. Hehe. Learning how to study God's Word! Don't wanna take Scripture outta context..yamean? :-)
I hope you get locked up and they throw away the key
Already, walk blessed
Lovely conversation this afternoon! Gotta love nephews, sandboxes, and connectors. Looking forward to more.
The Supermoon was a lovely sight in the sky as I drove from Mt. Shasta to Portland last night...
Getting ready to launch a new Google Remarketing campaign...excited to track results...
Tommy Hanson vs Ubaldo Jimenez. No better way to spend the fourth of July!
that's perfect. I was literally just about to ask what our song would be. Obviously this is falling into place perfectly
Who get salad at a bar? Lmao
Jackson Galaxy Cat Behaviorist just asked me to let everyone know he will be on NIGHTLINE this MONDAY NIGHT - set the DVRS people!
Money does not make you rich. Knowledge makes you rich... and knowledge is derived from a process. Gain the knowledge and learn your process
Getting ready to speak at Flight Night: A Sampler of Psychology Careers, sponsored by the Colorado Psychological Association.
You're too sweet! Thank you.
better than the oop that threw me? Who was it?
are you having connectivity issues? i can't get to my portal or deploy via git.
I wish it was that time of year agian where I can wear my High waisted shorts rip-summer
Dear Chair, You get more ass, but I get more head. Sincerely, Pillow
Happy Friday! Be sure to try our fish fry featuring Lake Perch from and let us know your thoughts!
My sister or her friend does mine I want to look like a lady 4 adam but you are going to see richard when
Woohoo! Doors open at #cat1day. Excited to start.
Single parenting it for the next few days. Gosh, it's a lot of work.
are you new to twitter? And thanks I hope u can some sleep.
It's been crazy with everyone trying all weekend to get a #hptouchpad as HP liquidates their tablets and mobile division. Bold move for HP..
I'm finna go get that New Nicki Minaj
“: If you enjoy sleeping in on the weekends, having kids is NOT the life for you” <--true story
Very interesting and well written piece.
So 's new song is called Payphone? Is anyone who listens to them old enough to remember what those were?
Thanks for the follow! We love you and WBGO! Class acts, all!
they shouldve gone after keita in the mean time..
A challenging day with hurdles yet to jump. I could not be happier to be going to Tucson to see the parents for the weekend.
One example: the 28% limit takes on major tax expenditures & saves billions. I'd call that reform. [1/2]
You're a sexual Panda. You can do this!🐨 Koala! Close enough!
I feel so bad when for Kam when his daddy whoops him. I'm just a big baby. But I'm glad he finally got him good.
good job
Don't hate the player, hate the game!
:D oh i am lol
damn Wat kinda deal did Def jam have then???
that makes them the biggest bigots in bigotry history!
You'd be in good company. One of our hosts is married to a harpist.
Yeah, in 2009. The person that got me a free ticket got "sick" the night of and didn't give it to me
Wait. People actually buy TNA PPVs?
RT : The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, When really it's all you seem to think about.
I imagine Terrell Suggs' injury relieved only one player: Suggs nemesis Big Ben. It makes the Ravens matchups less painful
to bad you can't be :)
Early mornings are the #WorstThingInTheWorld!
Done - Congrats on new gig! What are you doing there? And did you see the ManU v. Crystal Palace game on Wed?
I hate it now shid
#GOP institutes RED STATE PLUTOCRACY(wealthy RULE)by denying WOMENs rights,destroying WORKERs SAFETY/BENEFITS&dehumanizng MINORITY CITZNS!
but they were also on too
Next pay day, beats fasho ;)
is watching the film Once with the bf and getting sappy for once
yeah, so SF is a bit early!
... the ones who see things differently ... You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them ...
Look at me, look at me, hands in the air like it's good to be alive
Wait, there are only 3 comic book movies coming out this summer? That's not okay, Hollywood! #BadMovieNight needs more to work with!
Checking out , a new tool for #PR pros
If there's a difference between J.R. and Westbrook I don't know what it is. Both talented guards with nuthin between the ears...
Holy crap! Loving the new podcast artwork. As Lunchy would say "Yummy!" Whoa, inside voice. The image resolution is still low
Its days like this that make me miss Axe body spray, man what i would give to be 19 again.
Could my internet access be any slower today?? , is it just me or are you having issues, too?
Favorite new names for the Big East: The Big Country, The Jet Lag Conference or The Big Mess
I had to stop at #wholefoods cuz MJ not on the vegan stuff. Get your zen on!
thank haven't hung with u in a while
This Friday Big John and I will be @ on Pewaukee Lake! It's our first show there and we'd love to see you! C'mon out MKE!!!
#aims workshop winding down. I think Bradley Daigle said they hope to do more of these with Mellon's generous support. Watch this space!
#ThingsThatBotherMe Every 40 seconds a Child is Abducted, 74% of abducted children are dead within 3 hourd
And we can hangout for a few days or so because I need girl time like soon!
One of the finest means to obtain cash to run your operations is AR factoring
RT believes you can do it!!! As long as "it" is really, really easy.
Did u know?Every Springhill Sts room has a fridge, microwv and coffeemker!! www.chicagorivernorthhotel.com
and the games begin...
What's the warranty for new construction now? I know there was talk of changing it. I thought there was a 1 & 10 year included?
Vocal rush wishes Queen B a happy Birthday
that annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
Love love love the writing and acting for Mr gold / rumplestilskin.
#wordoftheday Numen (n) divine power, especially one who inhabits a particular object. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3
we are late!! Waiter is taking forever to get us to go boxes
Aristotle on criticism: "There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."
Sorry to hear that. No, the only thing that broke was Prime videos (it's a permissions thing), but there's an app to fix that.
I see what you're talking about now, hahaha, no not about you, about the crazy bitch mentioned in the tweer. Lol
Scorpio~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Boyfriend <3
agreed. It's smaller than you imagine, though...
if i knew niall personally.. omg, id fuckin jump off a cliff everytime he spoke to me because hes so freaking cute.
#AustinTo675K!!! Get everyone to follow him Mahomies! He deserves this!
They just mad cause i dont need their help
THAT is the question ;)
13: You're like, super gorgeous! You should tweet me more(:
I think we have enough cool music.
You're welcome! Bought Anna and the French Kiss. Even my husb loves it!
awesome, thanks so much, guys!
I hope everyone has a great weekend! What are your plans?
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of God. His timing is perfect. Trust Him.
he is so cool Invite Him..........Invite Brett Jones
Expect the unexpected from me
Is #LeBron becoming a diva? USSportspages.com
You have all been posting examples of Israelis protesting in support of Palestinians. We always look inside and question ourselves
uuuhhh i'm not fealing so good my head feels weird and i'm feeling like im going to throw up, like a volcano, i'm going to try to hold itNYE
Uh oh, my is missing :(. I had one of the original smaller device too.
Scored an original Johnny Cash "Boy named Sue" 45 today...all kinds of psyched!!!
Business is more exciting than any game. -Lord Beaverbrook
Rumpled rehearsal tonight!
Mascara ran down her face as her heart fell out of place.
All the whips are clean!
BEST BURGER IN HOUSTON IS IN THE AMAZON GRILL ON KIRBY DRIVE. CHECK IT OUT -- SEND A TWITTER
Trivia about math. I want to feel terrible about my tendency to forget everything I ever knew involving numbers.
TAKE ME WITH YOU I'D START TO MISS YOU, TAKE ME HOME I DON'T WANNA BE ALONE TONIGHT!♥
#Brewers dominating! Save some of that stuff of tomorrow when I go with my school!
Who do you think are among the DMV's top five rappers?
My mature, grown-up action of the day was calling the cable company and crying like a baby.
What up brahhhh????? That post yesterday night was funny af
. is playing Pittsburgh on May 25th. I want to go. I can't. This sucks.
On Groves Creek, Duck, WV in Clay County. May ride over to Corky DeMarcos camp on the Elk River shortly.
Just a few minutes before the Saints and Lions have a shoot out
On it... Will report back shortly.
need to shut down that machinery in my head :( need to catch some sleep tonight...
bet you will love him
“: 2012 time to go all out”
hopefully he will go back and get rid of Jar Jar binks. lol
I am a master at setting up efficient mobile kitchens 4 willing chefs. Equipment should be no issue in #toronto. Keep me posted!
thanks for the feedback!!!!
Thanks for the info....still wondering how trezelle jenkins had a huge spread????..
Home alone for the rest of the night! woo :')
I just got injure from lower back strain
Get me outta madison! great "business" trip, but im ready for it to end
just saw the the artest elbow incident. That man should not get paid to play basketball. What a disgrace
Who's coming to Chic-I-Boom? It's going to be a great time, don't miss it! bit.ly/a0ld0Y
Finished! Three quals/proposals for the state, out the door. Now, I can #swchat!
Congrats to Brandon Duff (Chicago office) who closed a $4.4M Bank of America Ground Lease in Chicago!
: you deserve a steak! nicely done! any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Feel free to take Tuesday night off from packing (just sayin...) No matter your schedule, we'll be in touch in Divine time :-)
Fuck! I cant sleep and its all because #youreonmymind smh
Oh right
You have akismet loaded, right? There appears to be a workaround so that you dont have to load Akismet on all WP blogs (globally).
Cheesecake batter? In the mail?
yeah me and
I get aggravated to easily.
"I'm taking my acting talents to South Beach."
Two spots left in our Theme Workshop. Oh man, almost there.
NOAA head Jane L. called it the "equally evil twin" of #global warming, both caused by #climate change, both bad for oceans
My ears are ringing so loud. 👎
Good Morning Uncle Poo Poo Face!
#Avengers (estimated) budget $220,000,000 Worth every penny.
I can cook ...real good
June 1st need to hurry an come so I can get my hair done.
What are you looking forward to most this Thanksgiving?
It's getting better all the time...... (It can't get no worse)
I do love The Cure....
YUPP!!! hahaha---This summer is going to be sO Epic! :))
Say what? Can you repeat that?
shout out to team twist
No one cares if you are up and at it grinding early don't tweet about it do it haha
yes!! Already passed along to cuz Andy. :)
I think toto (terry) is baileys guardian angel. I have left a bowl of food out for her every night on Halloween. Nothing is a coincidence.
It was LOVELY to see you as always! Love the audiobook crowd!
There are too many fans for them to end it so I doubt that. Plus, A can't be the only one involved so there's still story left
TonyTAT originals by Anthony Tremblay. Artwork abroad. Pricing ranges. Displayed originals Anthony Tremblay group page on Facebook
Does anyone know how to get the razor blades in the candy so it looks like it hasn't been tampered with?
Had a great time at the Brendan Behan session this evening. Thank you all for the lovely tunes.
We are very pleased to announce that a new program officer has joined ODH. Please say hi to
I couldn't sleep at all
all I know is that it better not snow when I'm there. lol. I'm good if it stays in the 40s.
NEVER mistake someone's silence for weakness. No one plans a murder out loud!
HI Marcos ! Jealous of your DF food exploits.
macbook pro arrives tomorrow!
Doc It Foundation is holding a fundraiser at BLUE MARTINI LOUNGE AT KENDALL. Hope to see you there
your neon lulu jacket is blinding me
Watching 90210. Apparently Dylan played a bunch of chess on his European vacation.
Your girl invited me inside ain't I supposed to cum?
lol I bet.
it has nothing to do with pointing at anyone but the/a president. I feel they all should be voted out. The US is falling
I'm jealous. Backstage at the play all the girls have been danced with and given masages. But not me =( I want one too!
washington blvd is bumper to bumper
Determined to read all of the Hunger Games by the movie on Friday
In Partibus Infidelium => In parts inhabited by unbelievers
going to L.A in 4days to see my parents that will be the last time ill be their cuz their gonna move back 2 tennessee when school starts and
dude you have to take care of your equipment! Same thing happened to Katie. She lost 2 miles.
I suspect would say "more running, less reading graphic novels" would stop that. I say, "who needs hair anyway?"
Being over 100 degrees when I'm fat...
I feel so bad for Derrick rose... I wish him the best. But at the same time... I'm so glad
Any of my clients with resort properties looking to trade a shoot anywhere for a week's stay somewhere warm? For real!
I am kind of a big deal you guys...
so I would have to pay for tickets and the tattoo?
Follow to stay up-to-date on #Georgetown University alumni activities
What is this school feed crap on FB?
My liver calls people out, usually me....that fucker has a mind of it's own.
I call my sister, sister. X3
What a week a Vacation is Calling ME! Hm where should I go tho?
lmfao. omg. I was on Tumblr and I was looking through #1Dfacts bahaha
- even non-profit digital publishing of #orphanworks by libraries can interfere w/authors' digital self-pub of e.g.
Special Olympics Fundraiser "Little Bit Country" Thurs 9-16 @ 7 pm. Free admission. We will pass the Hat for your generous donations!
Sad and heart broken!! Rest in Paradise my dear sister!!
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
does it feel weird to eat without them?
Great pic! Thanks for sharing!
With this decade of media closing on Oprah's new network and the explosion of Hulu/Twitter,the new decade of media will be VERY interesting!
#MentionYourCrush well I have more than 1... :) Love you guys!
I just do me, like masturbation.
just realized I need to start looking for a closer costume.
The Six Finger Films office is buzzing, we will be releasing a new project tonight! Stay posted....
When your sick & all you wanna do is take a nap but your neighbor is wasted all the time and blasting music.
2 for 2 so far today on my bracket! Not a bad start!
I love #wilco!
This is the most productive I've been before noon in months.
i remember over SB @ the Hilton i was just so concerned about there breakfast. lmao
Someone pls shoot me!? being sick all day sux's
excited and counting down the hours for amazing times and inspiration!
I may hate you, but I would never disown you, my little sloth...
Are you kidding me? I'm not goin' twitter nuts on Easter. I'm spending that day with the fam watching Bubba do work from the trees.
New Verizon Droid ads are not so bad. Still building on "Droid does" but more low-key.
i'm gonna attempt sleep again..
The female uses a 3 step process to open the sliding glass door. Remove wood stick, remove burglar bar. Scratch at frame.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU5
yup!! Went to the flames game last night to!
An artist uses technique & emotion to convey a story. Don't get caught up on the technique while on your way to the emotion for your story!
That literally made me laugh out loud. I'm scared too, but I plan to start it maybe the end of May or beginning of June.
It's better to give, but we'nt give a fuck about'em
has me dying over here. A must follow tweeps.
sounds good.I'm going to dm you my number.
I am proud of my 3 pack a day cigarette smoking ass. I have worked out 6 days a week with 1 day rest. 3rd week
Heard That
These guys should do a "Question & Answer" kinda thing, I think.
I've really been liking R & like not switching between languages for graphing. If only handling large files wasn't abysmal.
Horizon Elem. student speaks to the BOS in Spanish & translates: "you need to think and do what is right for the children and the schools."
Day complete chatted w now off to bed!
What's it like living in Stevensville?
you're amazing I love you
I'm annoyed.
My App Wrap Monday a.m.: The Future of TV is Now! Starring: Apple TV 3, Netgear Neo,
hi Mikey I'm Michael I'm friends/roommates with Jeremy & I'm coming to San Francisco. Do you want to get a coffee this week??
#thatcamp #pmt all day, feel free to ignore my tweets today
It's now or never for the caps
Finally finished changing manuscript from third person to first. When it doesn't "sound" right it means it's not right. Fix it!
DiamondHead Beach Resort and Spa, Ft Myers, Florida. The paver installation project is to be completed November 4, 2011.
I dedicate my 7,000th tweet to my bf, sweetheart, my love, future husband (lol one day 😘), and my whole world love you 😁💕😍
I wish it would snow!!!!
#HairShopFlow Getting Ready For Prom !
Cracked my iPod screen :/ getting it fixed 2morrow!!
*~logging off gtta go to 2nd hour....(=~*
Who wants to be my valentine this year?! ;) In the mean time...
Does everyone have an allergy action plan in writing? Do you give copies to everyone who is left alone with your allergic child?
you can reach us directly at 412-610-0692 or at if you have questions/concerns - we appreciate your patience!
how did you know about Country Bumpkins...
So Taco Bell tacos are basically vegetarian...ha. Probably healthier than hormone-filled beef bits.
Frappi-hour at our Starbucks in the Lobby....1/2 OFF any Frapuccino blended beverage from 3-5PM. See you there!
Question from the crowd – why do Xactly’s enterprise and midmarket reps only have three variables?
Hope you brought your pretty smile today...Its going to be a Gorgeous day! :)
how was the concert?
it was! sad to miss you but we're doing dntwn drinks thursday at clark street ale....
tipsy tanning >
Dwight Garner is wonderful (as usual) on Maurice Sendak.
well no one wrote much after that, what with all the wireless and mutoscopes
Night all sleep well!! Z's
Rewatching "Can't Hardly Wait." I love this movie.
on espn with a great question for Darius, so happy for that kid and glad he stuck around!!!!
Haha yes! RT : A2 There are a lot of great shows riding the L. Topics vary. Lots of visual comedy. And smells...
Your B Day's Coming Real Soon Aren't U Happy :)
I want to hear your thoughts on the dr.schol's product! I gotta save mysoles ah!
So December 7th NABJ will be asking a question referring to the chapter first person to RT and answer wins a AMAZING prize !!!
Can't believe i'm missing my one chance to meet Rainn Wilson aka Dwight Shrute :[
WHAT? He's sitting in the theatre where you're at? Watching the movie that he wrote? Lmfao Awesome!
#7 Shun ward city "Stripper anthem" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Congrats Badgers-Leaders Division Champs! Championship t-shirts are available at our store and outside Gates 1 and 5!
Shopping with my sis!
yea on facebook
