How do i say
The show's about to start! Are you watching? Team Mondo!
...Looks like Beth cant hang. hahaha
I had a great sweetest day!!!
o/~ "...I been waitin' since last Satdy. To see another one BEAT.. Friends, it's time once again.... To let THE BIG DAWG EAT!" o/~
Attention everyone is a starter. I know you have been puss
Took a sec...say it...think about it. :) RT : haha funny! RT: : say ”i won a math debate” out loud
Just made it home feeling damn good!!!!!!!!!
People who are really anxious and stressed think the stress is who they are and they have to fix it
What's happening to you?
That would also be useful. Hm...
Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, Drake can't remember her name = The life of Rihanna.
oh crepes. They have taken over ur life. #sham 😳💩 haha
Thank you #Fox for bringing America our long overdue dose of Steven Tyler... Looking Forward to #AmericanIdol tonight.
Bobby Petrino would have had a rough day concentrating on the ponies today at Keeneland!
The Jaws ride is closing forever on January 2nd 2012?? Anyone else hear this rumor???
one of my favorite songs Anne Gilmore. Good morning and you have a great day yourself!
car breaks down before a crazy busy weekend, but the stars align perfectly so that I can spend some quality time w
I'm not Finna jump dwn to nobody else level over my son um d only 1 taken care of hym on a day 2 day basses gt it got it good
Just need one more follower.
Wis. Democratic Party Chairman Mike Tate says he doesn't expect Gov. Scott Walker recall until May at the earliest.
niggas say im disrespectful
u blocked me?
RT : #plantech #eventprofs As one of the virtual participants I say thanks to both of you!
s/o fam!
Rip the bandaid off with that dump!
It's the end of NY Fashion Week! Fashion has become a fixture in art museums (McQueen, for example) - what was ur fave fashion exhibition?
The audience has filled the studio in anticipation of the 1st taping of Detroit Sports Freaks...
Elaine Boosler~ Im just a person trapped inside a womans body.
Nothing pisses me off more than a girl Who leaves her hair down while working out... It's the gym not the mall
RT : on #w3cegov call this morning, is giving a great brief of initiative and more www.w3c.org/egov
haha my mom isn't overprotective. My step-dad is. She's just weird..
I’m excited and can’t wait to see all of you on Sat.
BIg comeback inning the yanks will not be shutout this game cano is too good and right field is too small Well, thats what TBS says anyway
Garage sale'ed out?. Want a great way to sell your cool stuff. Bring it in to us 4814 Hardware Dr. NE , Albuquerque, NM We're here to serv
Drake is so good
It's impossible to quantify how large of a role that plays. But, it's fairly easy for us to take the inflation out of Oscar's..
What is it?
Me and pops were walking in dressbarn and he ran into a manican and goes "OH! Excuse me dummayy!!"
No ones taking over I, Danielle, am the only owner of this account and that will remain! :)
I'm often shocked at how loud the room is when I take them off.
I am @ ceviche, round corner from hotel, having cerveza if anyone wants to come.
roughly 3 and a half. let the countdown BEGIN
mind taking a look at my newest drawings? Just like old time's sake? : D
no ma'am. negative on that one. :]
Just gave myself the most ridiculous neck injury, straining to hear if the screechy metallic noise is coming from my computer ... ow ow ow
loving your new bag.. Pretty siiiik
Thank you ! Yes, we did get Intl press coverage & still are!! Sept issue of Signs of the Times mag feat's us!!
Cum Cum Cum on you, Fappin' by the fire while were watching redtube, i dont know bout me, but i know bout you, say hello to Jerry in 3..2..!
santa clause saw Jesus crying and santa clause said whats wrong Jesus and Jesus said
Took a to work today, and passed on the Stone Arch Bridge on the way back home! Happiness.
I'm getting antsy for #HOWLive to get here! It's like a creative kick in the pants, and I definitely need one.
Many buyers can qualify for FHA loans, which require just 3.5% as a downpayment. Media has everyone thinking 20%, but not so
Alan Belcher!!! That was impressive, sir.
Indeed! RT : The last 5% of a project is always the worst half of a project. :-)
GR8 long weekend w/ my fam. Now back 2
Not a tennis fan but this Australian Open is the true test of these athletes. Love it!
Romney saying "I'll take a lot of credit" 4 auto bailout is like his saying "I invented the internet" - Really? Totally lost his mind! O_O
Justin in Men in Black 3. Get pumped.
PhotoSalon Opens as Web’s Largest Fine Photography Store with Access to the World’s Finest Imagery for Home and Office ...
Touché Cris Carter. It's like a dad scolding his children.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F FAIR
You've been hacked! Fix it dude :)
Who's coming tonight? You?
Been On A Huge Wiz Khalifa Kick!
We are always doing the most. Happy Festivus!
The Times has lagged in covering its highly anticipated Web strategy.
Shi i would if i could lol! but i got 300 hundred not following back.. Im gonna un-follow them ..soon enough!..lol
I didn't realize the owner of the Cavs was Les Grossman.
Thanks forthe connection. Happy to follow!
Riddle: what is red/read and isn't you but could be me?
I support ppl who work hard 2achieve their goal.They don't have to wait for Somalia to get its shit together #can'twaitforever
They come in three's who will be the third one????
sheffieldground thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
is at the career center alumni women's roundtable. Follow her for live tweets.
I love waiting around on you all day.
In Oklahoma last year there were 103,143 children alleged to be victims of abuse and neglect.
mostly initial content, but some Ss choice for assessment.
Fxck Tha Police. I Make My Own Rules.
well just remember I love you with all my heart!
LOL...you could probably beat Martin up!
"We've got boring down."
Got moved to table with and tons of familiar faces. sat down - he's funny, especially when he's high... on life.
Manning for Denver, I can't each lunch
Major announcements coming for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Home safety with drug discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph
That was random.i wish blade can come on again.its one of my faves
In NC between flights. Going to Louisville to talk to teachers about incorporating lessons from #AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet into their classes.
Thanks Matt!
LA baby
My goal for 2013-present a paper at SAA annual, attend a non-lib conference APSA or MLA.
I luv surprises especially when my name is written on it :)))
Q. What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog. A. After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
wow I almost started crying
Nervous anticipation... Go Bears!!
RT : When you always value safety over taking a risk life becomes small. Take a risk on your heart today!
you might just have too
yes, we had to swap them. It was cheaper that way. It's a lot faster the touch screen is better.
I hear ya playa ": Ya'll have no idea how hard it was to type all that positive stuff about the spurs."
HELP! What's #TPS? Do you know "Debster's dictionary?" HA! =D #ganginguponme! =D
Yes they will dear:)
Yum yum yum apple pie.
There is nothing to do but watch tv still it's boring there is never anything good on!
Hey! Youre welcome! All Best Greetings Back from here! :)
. And on that note-- outdoors. peaceful. mosquito farm. -- I bid you a goodnight, sleep tight.
I can't hold a grudge to save my life.
Mr. Balloon Wizard Supports Small Business Saturday! Let's all make a purchase from a small business today!
Even stupider
shit... Just dropped the kids off @ school bout to hop back in this bed. Lol yo tell yo moms I said happy late mothers day
great seeing you too! you going to the party thurs at sayers?
For the next 22 minutes swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: $2 antipasto, $4 wine, $3beer
*points and laughs at the Heat and Clippers*
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
This just in: recently tweeted "I exfoliate & drink tequila by the gallons." I knew he was really Carmen Elektra! Happy bday, Rock!
Sign up w/our street team today and receive $75 in driving credit! They're posted up next to from 11am-3pm!
Yeah rocks RT : im kinda diggin the still learning it though...
Looking forward to making new friends with an interest in a greener planet
I had a dream last night that I fought with a crazy serial killer. I totally won. :P
It's time for more water. Chug.
AIN'Tthat the truth. That statement describes how I feel any some of my family members.
You inspire me 
RT ": #ReasonsThatImSingle I mean, I thought this one was obvious."
Oxtails??? Yuck.....where's get the pig feet, pig knuckles, grape soda, ice tea w/a lot of sugar
Two fifty tuesday!!! Try some fresh Tamarind Water!
What is the weirdest gift you got over the holidays? We got something so weird sent to the Night Owl office yesterday I can't even say haha
Ah! I cannot wait for #boyfriend !!! Monday, come already! (: impress me please.
Delicious tacos next to terrible tunes. So the balance at #SXSW is maintained.
All is well my dude. Still grinding.
i doesnt help when guys surround u saying " ur walking funny" but some did ccare thx to those who care
hahah. What? You want me to get one so we can talk through it? Haha
looking forward to seeing you again at
riding around town with my dad in the nomad <3
im literally pissed off on the coo
.: moving toward a "one dollar, one vote" system of governance
Save the Date! April 29th at 2pm at #MetuchenLibrary. Young adult writer, Carol Plum-Ucci, to read at the library. Author will sign books!
OMG haha I'm so psyched you know about this game. You have just made my night!
Tacoma smells like bacon
Great idea #healthyliving!
agree, Dani!
Installed exhibit @ Karl Hutter Fine Art; Hilton Brothers photographs opens tonight 6-8 pm + artists & Booksoup will be there 4 book signing
I did I live in VA how have you how is Careon?
Greatest concerts: Equal parts laughter, tears, goosebumps. That was at Lovin'Cup tonight.
I wonder what I'm going to do all night haha.
Lady drive thru just asked y I had a suit/tie on Told her I just got off of wk Said she wouldnt want my job.
Getting ready for a big change!
Thanks for the shout-outs & conversations today!
I was completely wrong. FiOS in Maryland does carry the CW. Once again I can get my trash TV fix.
Guru! RT : Comms pros: If you could ban one word from being used this year, what would it be?
Congratulations! RT : I got the EVMS internship!!!!!!
Aww!! I know! I have #nhlplayoffs fever and watch all the games. I'm so happy we've made it this far. Hope we go all the way!
so many startups. so many startups.
it's not on line? It just came out about a year ago!
I am excited to be one of your new followers! I admire what you do!
Missing the people, but everyone keeps mentioning the food - Please take some pictures and tweet them with #smbmad for me!
C'mon Lakers let's go. No time for games.
NY Knicks have lost an NBA record 13 straight playoff games! make it 14 today!
Another late night at the Foster. Well done, Juniper Tar. Well done.
ughh i cant wait till this weekend.....this week has been the worst for some reason!!!!:?
Any Walter Payton highlight, no matter how short, still gives me the chills.
why sorry?
anyone else see the score just go 0 to 0?
Howard, thanks for the compliment. It truly means a lot to us!
you got it!
"don't fall in love with anything. You are always working in beta" on Pinterest et al
Don't feel bad. You weren't able to buy tickets. It's not like you decided not to go on purpose. T-T
Times like this i really miss you. <WeMissAustin!>
D: Awe. I'll be your friend
: Yeah, it's hard to track the right wing lies. Talking about the Guardian issuing a retraction on the Agent Provacateur
My mom is watching disney Jr. Where little birds are singing about a muffinland.... I wonder where muffinland is........ m....
Live. Laugh. Love
your nail polish collection pic replaced 's crotch shot pic as my phone's lock screen
at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
It's gonna b a great day
Decided that if I can get an ID within the next 30 min to go to JO south I'm going to ball with the "NBA Street" on the lane ave courts.. 😏
#iflibrariansruledtheworld No one would ever ask "Do I have to use the online form, or can you just do it for me?"
good morning and enjoy your day
haha. Nope! I don't hate you!
La vérité shall set you free....
RT : Glad your safe!
We're excited to have you!
Just as soon as somebody fetches me some really comfy marching shoes.
Burbank, ca- in June. So much fun
Text me sometime! I get bored sometimes...
♥ Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young. Dorothy Canfield Fisher #quote ♥ ♥
Sticktime this morning. Waking up at 0430 is awesome. Falling on your ass because you forgot how to keep an edge not.
Clutch Free Throw Shooting takes 3 things. See them here: goo.gl/XPd1a
AEGIS Tools carries the new cut-out knives from Monument® Tools. These blue beauties are ergonomically-designed and effective for......
Movement grows to minimize hits for young football players
you're never too old for your acting career. You'll never know when it's going to happen. It's all about experience.
#IfOnly Walt Disney wrote my life story, that way I would know it has a happy ending
Forget Aishwarya, Oprah is doing an amazing job at showing the paradox of India, the rich living with the poor..great special.
Girrl we should talk!
mornin baby girl. u ok today?
awww you was in there bro?
Im about to go running, told my dad to call the police if im not back in a hour ... This neighborhood is creepy at night
Ready to go wake my mom up and tell her happy mothers day
come with me.. Im scared ..
Aw!! Loved the ending!!
your personality reminds me of kreayshawn. It's a compliment.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
I didn't tweet that he's going to be someones bitch? Oh well I just did
Man, I absolutely *love* the #hackerspace!
You can talk to her because she's your best friend , but I can't talk to guys cause you don't like.
Thanks Remarkably helpful, even if his style makes it incredibly hard to read through.
anybody want some of my beginning spray paint arts, i have the pictures if u want them please message me
It may be #tweetandeat, but advice is good for all social media.
RT : Looks like dinner for me will be fluffy and sweet! Look forward to seeing you. Yes it will be!
hit da LIGHTZ!! oh oh oh
Was checking out your archives for Argentina ideas! Where would you go if you only had 2 weeks?
I bet you are ALL SMILES!!! :-)
If you would like to donate raffle prizes or anything else please email
Enjoy the weekend with our Sunday Champagne Brunch. 10AM - 2PM. Saturday Breakfast, Served 9AM - 2PM
Still mourning the death of my blackberry. At least until the replacement arrives today ;-)
Making s'mores around the fire with the family(:
Rocking some Metallica while I do this weekends parade of network change requests. Working on Saturday is such fun! *
...and he's single!
RT : #MLB #Royals vs #Rangers V MAZZARO vs C LEWIS - #Yankees vs #Orioles CC SABATHIA vs WY CHEN - #Rockies vs #Giants J GUTHRI ...
think of something sexy and just imagine it right by you telling you to sleep :)
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
again well if u guys can maybe a quick stabilizer for connections would help i was at latency of 775 last night
Waves are really clean, but really small. Thinking about going anyway since I haven't surfed since December.
Reverbnation blues chart. 6 la/oc 53 national 87 global, 249 all bands la/oc 4845 global all bands.Working hard, help us push M.E up a few
Even if doesn't reply I hope he at least reads it, I poured my heart out to him the best I could in 140 characters<3...
You're welcome, Kent. I'm thrilled that you like my work...
What is not to like about Geithner, He is just a sweetheart just like Rahm. See a pattern here? All thugs....
or katy perry's "et"
Congrats to on AL MVP
Wait...there's only a week left til Christmas?!?!
we get towels thank god. Most ppl like me don't wear the t-shirts anyway so glad its towels
we're about ready to fire ours. Does yours work in Cordova?
-- A 6-year-old climbed into a balloon-like experimental aircraft built by his parents and floated into the Colorado sky.
Fear melts when you take action towards a goal you really want. ~ Robert G. Allen
Oh and I want that whig
Wade sends his apologies.
C'mon man...them you bro...
If Spurs win title this year I have a lot of questions. Do Manu and Parker get in the HOF? Is Pops 2nd best coach ever? Is Duncan>than Kobe?
Thanks for the words Tony!
Where are all the females who Got they own From Over Time Grind-ing, Hard work?! #OTG #WeAREOTG RT
The ex husband agreed to allow her have the kids as long as the new bf is not alone with them.
I just learned that its "ulterior motive" not "alterior motive"
You know you're old when you wish that the ball would drop around 9:30 instead of 12. Having kids wears you out, that's Y I'm having another
nice! RT : hot the beach near Moss Landing. Gorgeous day! Hot enough to actually do some bodysurfing.
#missingmilwaukee day 22: the Public Market for oysters at St Paul's Fish Compnay or Kehr's Candies chocolate pretzel sticks!
Thank you so much for creating this valuable marketing/publicity tool! We are excited.
hi :)) how's your day so far?
Praise the Lord I found my Bible.
Have you found a need to warn readers if something is science-heavy?
gallery night April 25th. Art, wine, and apps for $5. Then again, every day with wine is an event
Hi Rand...thanks for the follow...following you too!
you are a very impressive lady, and thank you!
I preferred watching from the comfort of my hammock with a beer in my hand, but now I might show up to more than one game.
When people call my shorts "booty shorts" <<<<<<< they only look like it cuz i have an ass lol smh
and as you can tell I lost my phone again. Lmao
Hey twitter land! Srry I haven't been on lately. :( but I'm on now so anyone wanna chat?
A EX IS CALLED AN EX BECAUSE ITS AN EXAMPLE OF WAT U SHOULDNT HAVE IN THE FUTURE
Screamo over the office speakers at 8 a.m. is not working for me. Thank goodness I charged my iPod and it's loaded with Led Zeppelin.
I'm sO jealous at work right now... RT Get HIGH as I possibly can then, BAM! #AVENGERS in 3D
congrats on almost 19 years!
our conversations <3
I want to go to the mall today .
At MOMA looking at The Starry Night. In love with Van Gogh!
Ray Finkle baby!
Look out for our black Friday deal!
yea im kinda gettin the hang of things & I like it so only time will tell...
CUSE vs. St. Johns college lax
hanging on to my #juicefast for the last half a day!
amen. worse to have stagnant SM than no SM at all! RT If your brand doesn't listen & respond on Twitter - your competitors will!
cat scan of abdominal area is not risk free
Freaking kids stupid kids lmfao
didn't you already watch them all? I remember avoiding your tweets last Sunday as to not ruin the shows for me tonight lol
If all you can find time to do is kick it and be in the streets you will never enjoy the true meaning of what it is to come home to a family
always duh
Ive been saying all year that is the truth. They are my bracket busters.
“: What we do when NO ONE is looking reveals the kind of person we really are...”
:: Wednesday on Live at 10... heads to two one-way streets on MKE's East Side where they know only "one way" to drive... FAST!
Did Nick drown?
I have a little game that I would like for us to play...
#WeWontWork if I know more about u den u know about me...
TSOI-NY to catch ROBYN HITCHCOCK playing to JOE BOYD's psychedelic career-reading+song 2Nite (starts 7pm).
I'm reading a few good books, I'm getting ready for a big score!
The CASHER nails ANOTHER undefeated day!!! 3-0 on the NHL picks and an insane 10-1 the past 3 days.
I got my Track & Field fix today thanks to ESPN. Stepping up to the mic to speak at the Good Fathers Only Conference in Detroit Michigan!
#RealFriendsDont disrespect your parents when they come over..
PANCAKES AND EGOS THIS MORNING.
My wife's awesome because she knows "Johnny Mnemonic" when she sees it.
Never miss a show! Download the "Live 365" app, search "UCTC Radio" and stream live every Fri. at 11AM CST. Today's guest is !
The cold embraces us, there’s no room for fuss / There’s only room for light, eternal, ever bright…
just don't forget to me lol
Working on a spooky tv pilot today... #upfronts are this week...hope to be there with my show soon :)
I expect full service, devotion and fabulousness when I get married.
what did he say? I can't watch the video right now.
bored out of mind so I set up a facebook account for Wendell (my cat). Next up: Twitter account. I want a techno savy kitty!
What are AT specialists rec'ing? netbooks dying, notebooks are too big for students,& tablets are not quite ready for prime time?
MWE IP Silicon Valley litigator Vera Elson is leaving for Sidley Austin. By Kevin Lee in today's DJ.
thanks for the follow back Dave!
#EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 50-60 characters. Tell, don’t sell. State benefits, be different....
since ur a dad of 4 maybe u could give some advice on how 2 entertain a 2yr old.
omg! sitting in the Best-Ever massage chair getting a pedi for my b-day. this chair is totally amazing! i so totally want one!
I don't know how to become less shy and awkward?!
Weddings make me cry
I look more like Keith David than he does. -JO
The undersides of leaves exposed.
Hello! Music is good for the "mommying" process! =) Thanks for following. Bring the kids for a tour of our school!
No problem! (:
Media Advisory - The Heat Is On For Emergency Preparedness Week
Enjoying #sandiegobay. The wisdom of : Sunny days wouldn't be so special if it wasn't for rain.
Still catching up on the mound of paperwork.
LOVE being home. Mom and I have already taken a trip to the liquor store. :)
Have a happy day!
#raw10 LAPD will Kill U, even if U have a knife or a screw-driver. Thats why they say, Never bring a Knife to a Gunfight!
I just talked to u about this and now your doing it again, this is getting really annoying
Thank you for the FF love! RT :
God bless our Country ! Sorry but can't trust any political party.
You're a good poet.
"Sunday Smile" by Beruit- my new favorite song
Stoneback Big Band tonight at Allentown Symphony Hall, Allentown, PA. Damn, we're on stage!!
Actually no, no he doesn't. That's how far he is away from that.
I feel like Cubby could have his own show on Geek and Sundry.
lol is that a yes?!
Going to the #1 zoo in the united states! Jack Hanna's Columbus zoo & aquarium! polar bears here we come
On my way to New York...love this city!
So ur gonna do the #Europa dallas???
come back to the raiders dawg
i can almost see the other side..
Not that I retracted my Rosa Parks card in apples to apples because the black guy walked in the room.
Being demoted = not fun
2 dates in Iowa. Are you running for president?
Crying cos of Demi and James' no bueno tweets. Omg I love them. :3
Enjoying an early AM breakfast in Palmetto Bay at House of Bagels / French Bakery off 144. A little from both
*Specials TODAY* Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 FREE weeks of upgrades! Buy ANY $50+ LOTION and get 1 FREE week! Instant Tans 10 for $125!
Elizabeth Grosz - Becoming Undone Darwin Sexual Selection animals fuck for pleasure music art excesses that make life more enjoyable intense
we suck in #fantasyfootball...shit sucks
Dinner recipe: Cuban Pork Medallions - Pioneer Press
The feeling is mutual--wish you could be here! Next time for sure.
I lost 2 followers:'( im loved
Played two more times with , won the second, lost the third, 2/3 goes to him
I'm right here!!!
yeah (x
RT you see a comment with the words "play offs" and "ratings" please assume ignorance and ask the commenter to return to NFL watching
agree 100 percent. hate the smug attitude, too....
they won a game because of it earlier in the year (might have been Lakers) because of him swallowing it.
the fact that we even have a plausible scientific theory to explain something from nothing is what interests me.
Yay! I'm now a Master. MT : Congrats to ... Kimberly G. ... for graduating!
i always have that feeling where i want to stay up and see when the power comes back on(:
this is fuckin comical now. I was trying to be nice, wow.
Callback tomw. Untitled Traveling & Cooking Show. I think that means eating in the car, right?
I love Reba.
. Congratulations on your 50th anniversary. We toast your excellence and innovation. Salut!
Heard you on , will read the book! Love concept of deconstructing habits using cue/reward analysis!
wear that tank top doe !!!!
I been thinking.. and Ive decided that could get it.
Who's hungry? AutryCafe special: Savory turkey meatball/vegetable soup w/mini turkey meatballs, carrots, zucchini, squash, & peas
RT Merry Christmas...Eve!
Really excited to see your art today at #ShelfLifeTwo!
very freaking nice man a big congrats -- you'll be running that place in 6mon tops
aw shucks
This will be a real deal/old school/blackbaptist fanwaving/please Lord don't let anybody throw their body on the casket/home going.
I know! I was certain this was going to work! :OP
I know you did not really buy this.... lol RT Shamwow really works though...LOL!
Alex Riley <3
Prediction: You will find out a lot of stuff about Tayvon you may not want to hear.
Love your pictures, did you have the day off?
Listening to on the long car ride home
I even freak out when tweets (: i started yelling when she followed me :D imagine if she DM-ed me!(:
Ha! All went well :-)
for kids or adults?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool food #seriously its always on my mind
Big THX 2 Brian Washington in Encinitas retail store! Gr8 customer service!
#NowPlayingTrack - "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey
Greenpeace activists held after they board Shell icebreaker
Good morning! What are your plans for today? Mine are repairing carpet my Chi girl ripped up. :D
Text me?
When life throws you a Jeffery, stroke the furry wall. - Aldus Snow.
Yes...that's definitely accurate
Upon arrival, my mom informs me that the Internet is down until tomorrow. I'm already having withdrawals.
'Tis. And I agree.
I Can Make You Splash , Baby We Aint Talkin Drips !!
Flyers fans act like #Pens fans are so dumb, yet half our old team they cheer for, try to get #G trending when we had #C, etc. What a joke.
Cornwall summer storms are amazing to witness.
Thanks for the #FF! You Are too kind!
Follow , you wont regret it!
We must have more beaN gatherings in the near future!!!!! I recieved a dutch oven from my hubby for VD early we can use! :)
Noticed a bad #PeopleSoft habit: adding extra fields to an index to solve duplicate row issues. It's better to find the broken business rule
Zoloft for depression? Having suicidal thoughts or are more depressed? Consult your Dr. Why? That's who put you on them in the first place.
that's cool baby girl do your thiinnngg
At Portugal the man. Couples abound. Eyes on the guy in the plaid shirt with a blazers "Roy" well blazer #f-ing portland
Sleeping is for square's!!
ok so somebody challenged me to draw againts them so i have to think of somthin amazing to draw.
: I will do that! Good morning to you!
what's your tally circulation like? I'll hit the nearest paperboy
Yahoo CEO fired for pretending to have more degrees than he has; Romney pretends to have fewer.
-_- could you keep it to you're self? -_-
Giant Storm, Homework, And Pandora.
time needs to go faster i wanna see my bbbyyyy already 😥
I wish it would go back to being 50+ degrease and sunny...
“To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.” ~ Aaron Copland
Thanks everyone. Today's shoot was a sucess!! Looking forward to tomorrow.
I am exploring all the features of google+ including circles and hangouts w extras for sharing & collaboration - very impressive for free
Today: Sansome/California, Thurs: Spear/Mission, Fri: Mission/New Montgomery. Hot pies, hot sun, all week, 11-2
If you are looking for someone to make you happy, look in the mirror.
Looking forward to working together. Please follow back.
Heading out for a Labor Day cocktail, where should we go?
Anthony davis vs iu - 9 points... Anthony davis vs baylor - 14 points.... At halftime
lmfao so go in lol what's up
Happy 4thofJuly!Have a safe one.Congratulations Thailand on your election resullts.I hope everything else related will go well4ur citizens.
Just realized that Lebron changed his shoes at half time
Mathew Timmons: The New Birds are birds.
RIP Dale
Tonight at Six! Awesome pool party with ice cream at the Rec Center. See y'all there
awesome :) They are amazing. What made you bump into them?
thanks for the follow!
thank you-- it was cathartic to share that tale!
did u see that TD
lol i cant believe i finally have a chance to meet my dream XD !! LOl can you plxzz follow mee :(
DC- Columbia Heights row home- 15+ offers. Primary resident purchasers get first crack at it, no investor offers for a period of time.
Happy Birthday John Coltrane!!
Another evening at Squashed Grapes in Ventura CA. Music starts at 6:00pm
YEAH BUTLER! WOO-HOO!
Katie Holmes' birthday and where does Tom cruise take her...TriBeCa soul cycle for a workout! Love it
Yes, and I expect one this year against NFDL - get a rim rockin play-by-play by Chuck Diener, err Friemund!
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
dear men with long beards, it is extremely creepy, please shave. thanks , rd
Great! Can we share ideas? What r open-source or otherwise free technology tools that can be implemented in a classroom?
stay awake dreams only last for a night
son game 7 will be in Atlanta and me and the crew will be in da Build'n!! Here's some flowers 🌺🌺 for an early Celts death
I'd take Catch-22 over Brideshead Revisited any day.
well, it looks like we'll just have to shut down early today so the A&G crew can enjoy some !
chill lol I feel mad that the weekends over -.-
I'm pimp'n up my BlackBerry. Kind of exciting. Filling it full of apps, songs, pics, and e-books that I won't have time to read. Oh well.
Katt williams is funny as hell
woohoo. whats more rebellious than a performance artist who creates art spectacles in response to social justice issues?
Thanks for the retweet!!
Why is there always someone mad at me? I do my best.
It sure felt long!
Terri Bergman from
It was Paradise. We'd go back in a heartbeat!
My apologies for the crazy pic msg. Obviously my account was hacked. Trying to fix it now.
and that stands for...?
And waiting
Brie cheese is amazing!
Hopefully your experience is as magical as Fantasia! :) Let us know what you think.
do you foul now if you are Norfolk up 3?
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Our new before and after portal is smoking hot!
Never want to be someone else. It is a waste of your time. Love who you are because you are special.
I've been so busy I didn't even know what day of the week it was ... lordy goodness...time to stop and take a breath!
Rubber floor mats in the jet are out. Carpet mats in. Fuck you winter.
As we all know, a true journalist is only as good as his hair.
My nephews turning one in august and I'm gunna be an aunt again. :)
Kony preacher in the laundromat.
Three days until pitchers and catchers report! ⚾⚾⚾
Pretty much Mrs. Duffy. Congrats on getting hitched btw :) I hope you enjoyed Beatles Love as much as I did.
have a wonderful day :)
Yeah I do get jealous when you call someone else "my Asian" instead of me, you use to only call me that. It has no meaning to me anymore.
I wish we traded politicians like athletes...we'll give you our governor and a draft pick for that rookie congressman and your washed up AG
finish my homework WOW!
So I was editing some songs today, & I looked down & saw the date and realized, "Woah, Christmas is in a few hours!" #WhereDoesTheTimeGo?
Delays in Home Refinancing. Our company can still close your refi in 30-45 days!! ://on.wsj.com/JpQP4E
Lets see when i go again,I would love to visit! I'm throwing a group cruise for memorial wknd with carnival let me know.
trying to get some work done
I hope you touched Nathan inappropriately for me.
re: ur LinkedIn question. They're after no.s not relationships. 1st/last time ul hear from thm is when they ask 4 connection.
Pyro Productions now partnered with Hibbidi Hubla Design & Promotions
Gabrielle #Giffords survived, expected to recover!
cant wait for ur debut album. So excited. Good Luck on it!!
Consider yourself having a tail.
England 13 - 6 Wales, half time, NICE
yes ma'am lol you know me so well :)
6 quick points for the #Sixers to start the 4th. No.
I'm so happy I can't even sleep right now.
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt a nigga by the shit tht u hear. -j.cole
a.) wings dominated that game and got no bounces or breaks. b.) preds got 2 obvious bounces and calls on their side. the series is ours.
#Broncos take Brock Osweiler as a strong-armed, mobile project. Can learn art of heady QB play from Peyton Manning, John Elway
CONGRATS!! C/O 2012!!!
We didnt use a rubber but i came on her body
you better! haha
Those who are dead, are not dead, they're just living in my head.
. is the only good thing about being at a Knicks game as a Philly sports fan
Yeah, hopefully Amare doesn't leave in an ambulance this time hahaha. Time to put the kids to sleep.
hell yeah, are you staying here for spring break bro?
That sounds like something would enjoy doing.
Cupcake Jell-O shots: Second only behind Trophy Cupcakes as the true meaning of the holiday spirit. :)
Not so much, but I will make it!
Fun fight no matter what happens. bitter sweet because I like both guys quite a bit
Hey, whats that smell? Smells like rotting flesh. Oh yeah, it's Walking Dead time. Lets see what dumbass hi-jinx Lori gets herself in.
Thanks for following!
I just ate a breakfast burrito with a lot of sriracha and then brushed my teeth. Idk how I feel about my minty spicy mouth.
have a great weekend! Nerd!!! Haha! Keep crushing it!
no the Twins. they play so terribly most of the time, even some success is a win to him, win or lose.
RT if your single, CLICK FAVORITE if you are in a relationship..
Morning work out done !!!! I got the afternoon workout and My evening workout left to do then I will be done for today 👉💪👈
Bumped into a guy at food bar in Heathrow lounge looked up it was Alan Shearer - decided may be bit uncool to start "Shearer Shearer" chant!
Book Expo bound on Sunday. Last time?
I'll never understand why people are selfish and can't put other people first. If you think about it, nothing even matters in the world..
So much fun getting to work with the #tedxsd11 speakers backstage. Such fabulous, kind people! No divas :)
can't do it man, we have late night starting and it would be better if they are in the main room.
Hey chick with the face full of war paint in the weight room looking like a lost puppy *waves* I SEE YOU BOO
100 plays! Wow! The highest rotation song in my iTunes library is Vampire Weekend's "Oxford Comma" w 85 plays.
You never know, Dave. You just never know...
Rehearsal time!
RT : ": #np Tennis! " YES *does Virtuoso tennis dance* LMAO<
People are gonna hate me in 2012. Really.
Just be a republican already. Everyone sees it coming.
more people need to start at community college level then transfer once they settle on maj. Would save MILLIONS in debt.
I've always called you Valentina
I wouldn't mind Rudy to Philly for The Villain and something else to make the salaries match, but it's tough to do right now
note to self: write resume, then promptly remove the word "worthless"
now that my students are gone, I can get back to this! the file i pulled from you didn't show up on my local dir. #badtonya?
CHAD also charges a fee. $75.
Whether you need routine car maintenance or a quality fix from that car accident, let the Car Crafters Team show you why they are the best!
DARE YOU! RT : I had a burrito for breakfast. Dare I have one for lunch? Dare I?
these are hilarious! My favs are #2 & #10 - please tell me that one's photo shopped! Lol
Megan you shouldn't kill yourself because it's bad. Seriously what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. You have a reason (c)
love it. Keyword there "signature way." Many brands are looking for the "signature" and few find it.
We provide therapy for children with-ADHD.
wish & I could have joined the fam for #DQexpo but couldn't travel with a 1 mo old. Looked like a blast!
What happened to Boyfriend video? ;(
What Happened To The Person I Met Years Ago.? The Girl I Used To Know. Where Is She Now.? Now All I See Is A Captured Soul Seeking An Escape
That means so much. Thank you, love.
#whosgonnalose - Minnesota at Chicago - Chicago will lose
I changed the channel before Skeletor came on screen, thank god. Kitty Halftime Show for me.
what do you mean? Call me
yes till midnight, but the kitchen closes at ten.
oh ok
Just discovered how awesome the ESPN sportscaster app is on my samsung tv.
Hail, hail, and rock n roll.
We're working on #branding assignments, and working to launch a new interactive and table top creative for a large #restaurant. Busy!
my best friend will be in town this wknd so we will def be doing something! I will for sure keep you posted!
What the fuck, these people are taking to long with my food
Probably gonna have the girls come over
In group negotiations, your power is in your independence(ability to walk away). But avoid the Abilene Paradox-state your position up front.
Thanks for your support and fabulous art work
Dan Patrick had the best take: Vick isn't your avg pocket passer. Officials let him play. Hard to tell w/ him, runner vs passer
you're gonna miss this face
Ok.. next game
Wow, that's a find. Thank you
Hey, thanks to the entire team.
I suppose it's against #mnleg rules for to wear Helga horns? Too bad.
Zach got screwed! WOO WOO WOO, You know it!
Just came from dave&busters first time going and it was fun!!
yeah, the #Braves: they are clearly over-performing. I mean, I like the Braves too but I'm not expecting playoffs this October
Thank you kindly!
ok, but how do you police flopping? What is considered a flop, any exaggerated movement or only those with zero contact?
Heading to U of O Career Symposium !
Breakfast with Uncle BooBoo at Denny's was great. Love that dude...has always been a great role model!
#HeyItsOk ...to secretly hope you'll be on Cash Cab every time you catch a taxi.
Ride it.
not enough hours in the day!!!! Fuck the WRC
YES!! Every time I have a sighting I high-five someone.
Little girl grow the hell up for real
Hi! :) I am doing good and hope you are too.
RT!! ": It's Monday, and I hate everyone."
Please make it the weekend...or July
What is your true need in regards to improving your business right now?
Happy Beethoven's Birthday!
Just bought the rest of 's "Whatever" (:
Janet is doing another shoot with blackglama. U heard it here first!
#ImNotTheType that will call you a whore cause you did things with some guy. That's your business
I'll leave it to your deft writing skills to answer that question in a future article.
good game tonight must takeover these last 3 games
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Leather begins to reveal its real beauty as it ages and when you can have your hands rapped around layers of petinaed skin you creat majic
Off to work
you made me shat myself when I saw this legit game!! Now I want it!
thanks doll (:
The address part of prayer distinguishes it from worrying out loud, which many, unfortunately, have confused w/ prayer: Willard
Tweet #300... #swag has to be the most overused word in the last 4 years. And most people don't even use it correctly
Happy dads day!
all four little pieces with the GLUTEN FILLED BREAD.
Tonights show postponed until tomorrow. Need some family time!!
thanks for letting me check in online this time, all fixed?
You can catch me, witta hand full of liquor or puffin on a sweet swisher
is she a good dancer or a bad dancer?
Countdown to SPI Summer 2012 has begun! Just a month and half until summer 1 sessions!
Good luck to our friends in the SXSW accelerator competition!
Thanks for track tips and
i miss u too ;)
#OomfNeedsTo come spend the night ;)
Some of the best personal growth comes from doing things you're afraid of/nervous to do. Traveling to a new destination
You are correct, sir!
It's always the right time to watch them again! :)
No I'm in a JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYBODY MODE!
Follow and watch him YouTube for some great pranks!!!
C'mon England. Need a positive day today.
Was Manu Chao popular when you studied abroad?
soo guys I'm glad that I stumbled upon this band called The Mid summer classic. You guys are awesome :D
Sorry for party rocking
ah, enjoying some spring training baseball. I have missed Ed and DJ's banter.
WOAH WOAH WOAH!!! Somebody took Emily to meet or .... Something??
ibeen Reyna hang out with you -.-
I spit adverbs uniquely
i seen it alot of times already
omg really ? -___- its cause i barely get on twitter on my computer . lol put a Heat background & ill put a laker one lol .
Would love to hear you work! Let me know when you perform...
#FF Congrats on season 1 of #Holliston ! I'm watching #Frozen right now...u are a twisted genius!!!!
had a blast in the country....
congrats to Coach K!!
Lmaoo I'll give you that one..that was good..
Now that sounds pretty darn good, too!
Nice work! RT : Justice Court Chief Judge announces changes in how traffic court handles repeat offenders, credits
yeah, whats more impressive being in italia during the summer, or hanging w/ mr. taxi-driver-raging-goodfella-corleone!!
Why do teenagers stand in the middle of the street and talk?
Can't wait for my fitting with The talented Shes making me a custom dress for the show!
Guys I just hate Yu Darvish.
Today's background music is been brought to me courtesy of
New company SMF still set to launch this Fall - New MWW Designs site is next ;)
real good. Just busy training in the middle of nowhere. How's the family
You're very welcome!
i am guessing you decided the mysterious odor was something you could live with
The destination is found in each moment... enjoy the journey! #YouHaveArrived :]
Sorry about that. Will fix it tonight by removing the incorrect Interest list and creating new (correct) one.
make it nasty make it nasty
Who is your favorite artist or band of all time?
My heart beats so fast.
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
RT The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
LOL... Sunday will be a challenge. Hubby will be home & he will ruin it. We'll see. I'll do as much as I can.
was pleasantly surprised by "Changeling," but wishes she could afford to actually GO to a movie...
Another part-time job offer came in. Now I have two options for employment and income. Happy.
Proud to be your second follower!!
Thank you! <3
We're still recovering from the Super Bowl festivities. New #Carmel Daily's will start up again tomorrow!
Authorities probe link between dead woman in N.C. and two doctors killed in N.J. - Philadelphia Inquirer
The first apple native to America was the Roxbury Russet. 350+ years later, it's still used in making fantastic cider!
bolt bus tickets, check. NYC here we come...
Thanks for the Happy Thanksgiving #FF!
15 more days till Varsity Cross-Country starts:)11 more days till Feild Days with little man:)♥31 more days till School(:. PicPerPic:).Text♥
Despite my best efforts, Hall of Famer statues at Oriole Park will be cast in bronze, not a mixed media of Legos and cookie dough.
Nothing better than Justin Bieber delivering proactiv to a teenage girls doorstep
Enemys will come in diferent shape and colors!!
Potential for minor creek/stream flooding exists for all of SW/SC and SE WI for X-mas Eve/early X-mas Day
please follow back
Keep trying...Text You of the Day "Just one more time and you will DO IT."
The legendary TV personality Dick Clark has passed away. R.I.P You will be missed!
On the road again. See you soon Bellingham!
at my bestfriends house, while shes at work again... what to do...
Listening to on that tune in NOW ASAP #BackInTheDays I was wearing cross colors & chucks
Can't it be both? I feel the same...
ok I understand. U did say that u busy a lot. We just tweet whenever u on.
Twins are in my family? O.o Cool :D
hey there!
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
Congrats on the Grammy Fam!
Somewhere in the world, Brian Urlacher just woke up from a nightmare screaming "knock it down!"
it will be available in an as-yet unimagined format, no doubt. Ether-book?
I wanna go to happy hour...i need to get away for a few hours
I gladly concede that dare #adorable!
haha #ight no one talked all period
big surprise there haha
A little Rush pre faceoff, love it!
Went for my first drive! Millvale to South Side :D I didn't die getting here either!
ah burke we need to chill too when i get better!
Worst Fucking school day ever
Ozaukee County is a small place
Excited to get booted and suited with and Saturday AM
Me and are going to be best friends 😘😊
I'd like to see the Chargers grab LaMichael James aka the next Darren Sproles
My Quote of the Day - "Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. ", Albert Einstein
We're hurt! RT: I haven't lived there since 1994. So... none? RT: I'm from Philly. What clubs do you recommend?
Well behaved women rarely make history
#MyPastRelationships taught me that being a playa is not good
- oh it's really big smiley face :))))))
Played tonight on two of my poker accounts doing the Chris Ferguson $1 to $10k and had a good night on both sites adding 10% to my bankroll
R.I.P. Ben Gazzara. A John Cassavetes regular, a terrific gentleman and actor. I did a pilot with him.
I don't know if I am being spammed by people whose accounts have been hacked into or if there really are rumors circulating about me...
if you are ever short of time - TRAVAIL can always pop somewhere for a bit of wine tasting to help you out - Lisa x
Thank you !! Meeting went great and I got my wish...
My body hates me. ugh :/
Love doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to be true.
CAN I PLZ HAVE A SHOUTOUT?
This girl in this movie my dad is watching is my freaking twin bitch wise lol.
Just passed T.D. a note, "I will give you my kidney if you suit up." RT T.D. honorary Bronco captain for coin toss...
just win the lotto
Stop trying to fit in when you were born to stand out.
Think big; move small; fast.
Thanks for the RT! Happy Thanksgiving.
Glad you like it! Help spread the word, and if you have any questions, just ask!
Thanks to for visiting our office this morning. Watch WJZ TV at 5:15 and 6:30 to see weigh in on super bowl ads!
Ok so I know I've been tweeting u all day buy I'll stop soon. So how was ur day? Did u get a lot of encouraging tweets?
140 characters isn't enough for a tweet, I have to talk in all slang and I don't like it :LL
Cuz you're hot and wouldn't have a problem finding ready and willing partners. And that's a beautiful thing, sexy.
LOVIN THIS SONG ♥
have u ever had a recycled dream? Like dream deja vu? You're in the dream going "I've dreamt this before."
She my lovely lady my love love lady
Definitely got that joke ;)
I love ! Congrats to them for all their success
what are your sources saying about manning?
GUYS THAT'S NOT JUSTIN SINGING S&M LMFAO.
awesome! look forward to it!
5/14-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
I still don't understand how Rangers fans feel bad for Devils fans. At least the Devils win the Cup more than once every 50 years.
"Have attention when you see me pledge allegiance to my swag!"
Restaurant review: Red Parrot Asian Bistro
#9RoundMinute: 30 Alternating Reverse Lunges paired with 20 Jumping Jacks! Here we go, #Madison!!
It's Friday! Woohooo!! Happy Friday y'all
Well Futurama Is On I Guess Ill Watch That Oh Well HMU On The Cell
no, the white phone
“: Had to dial-into the Wrealm right quick and drop some knowledge ”. He's at it again
Hey. What are you wearing? ;)
‎49ers vs. Steelers, Power is out and game is on Hold !!
FACE RAPE
No no, exception to the TV in an outdoor living! :-) And yes I do go every summer. Home sweet home! :-)
Study hard for those exams Hoyas, spring break is right around the corner!
Nominations are now open for the SREB/iNACOL National Online Teacher of the Year Award in K-12 education. See www.nationalonlineteacher.org
all I've gots an iPhone. Where you at? I'll "maps" it on my iPhone and bring you my phone to use tracking him down. Thanks
HAAHAHAA...omg can't stop laughing now.
Life begins with you! Then 24/7 and always you make the toughest job look easy. Happy Mothers Day to all you awesome moms out there! Thx Ma!
Can you ask about Mayers? Why was he scratched? Very puzzling.
My childhood asthma was severe enough for hospitalization too. Now I manage my food allergies & don't have regular attacks!
Making chocolate chip muffins for breakfast!
Four day weekend ahead! So excited to hang out, sleep in & do nothing.
Babies love typewriters.
i have a weird connection to that book too. the author is the sister of someone i went to college with.
back to the 608 today<3
Aw, this is the third week in a row Austin doesn't do an Austream.. Oh well, he's making something special for us that's much better :)
I will keep you updated on the ALDS & NLDS scores tonight. I will report the score from the Yankees vs. Tigers game 1.
I may be young but I Really love you and Your music, can't wait to meet you one day (:
so was the move for today?
your coming Sat right? FoxandHounds
we shot two new sketches this weekend
Yes, kill. Kill indeed.
these tracks are crazy
What do you call it when your snake won't get up? A reptile distinction.
Off to A BBQ then home and who knows....
Make sure you stay tuned to download the new album by HOME Team's very own Circuit Breaker 11.11.11!!!
Just registered with Twitter!
I hate how I get sleepy around this time!! My schedule all screwed up bcuz how I be working Smh
Good lord! It's Ark II!
we tend to forget that these animals we bring to capitivity are wild by nature and are hard wired long before we got to train them
This is the last week of 25% off on ALL Dresses and ALL Menswear!
Are you in Hampden tonight? From 5-7 PM YOURS will have a T-shirt sale. $2 per shirt 3 for $5. Stop on by 3528 Chestnut Ave and get YOURS.
I love your Twitter page's backgroud!
did the just upgrade the left field video board? No changes to the others?
There are too many "rules" in fandoms these days. Like, just shut up and support your idol however you want to.
MT: DC peeps - It's good to follow : "Crowd at Freedom Plaza has grown to aprox. 1000 // street remains closed. MPD on scene"
i go so hard they call me go so hard....
you always make me laugh even when I'm having a bad day<3
that would be so sick
I think the reason these two paragraphs or so on Max Yergan are giving me the fits is because I'm trying to build them from sec. sources.
Hay, come home soon. We miss you.
#digitalindia Social media in the context of our missions. JSTOR Facebook page. Users ask questions, say nice things, offer critical advice
please shoot me an email and I'll shoot you specs. Should be super easy.
I'm proud to say Serenity is a pop-punk baby. :') that's my girl.
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart
We're supporting #Austin businesses and local sports #Texas by watching the #Holiday Bowl tonight Hook 'Em Horns!
Pretty excited about the next session: Fit Together: How Fitness Goes High-Tech + Social.
yes sir
so I'll check the weather wherever you are cause I wanna know if you can see the stars tonight it might be my only right
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen GO AHEAD: this is a DARE NOT permission, DO NOT DO IT!!!
is hosting a food drive for the holidays! Bring your canned goods between Nov 21st and December 5th!
SIGN DREW BREES!!!!!!
Wife & I paid $22 to ride Metra round trip from Oak Park to Geneva. That's not value.
Treat yourself to a signature facial and brow wax at Wauwatosa Wellness Center, only on www.crowdclick.com
Precious boyfriend is home finally :)
go jenny go. U r amazing and u r gonna kill it!
Just saw your hands competition. Looked amazing as usual!
OMG they are coming to chicago?????? :O
- told me: I live my life at 1 speed, either you keep up or get left behind. Most passionate man working in sports!
love you hehe
Put moratoriums on Obama email kickers and drinking in the loop this week. Both excellent decisions to avoid boredom.
hm that means we can spend some time together inside ;) lmao
At hot 104.1 About to talk to
Wish I had remembered my merch tonight. :') Played a fun show with Carolyn Miller, Stewart Pillow, and Roxie Randle.
hey brian, thanks for giving a shit what I say.
How is that rebuild coming? 4 hours now of being down
Giving thanks for being able to traverse and run in multiple lanes. dmp
Ira Glass redeemed himself with a great show about lobbying, $ & SuperPACs. U.S. congressmen & women spend time raising $, not governing.
what up big dogg how the school thing.......
#Redstweetup tonight. Or, as we call it, a night at the ballyard with
is it weird if i go see Avengers again? lol
last week of school
thanks to for most useful study deisgn ideas!
Thanks for the retweet. We're looking forward when we will get together again!
Hello Darlin, nice to see ya.
Pineapples Bitch u doin to much
alas, 'twas not me...
Love this! Way to start the holiday weekend!
The day's almost over...so happy! Almost there...
Aw shucks, we're blushing.
Today's the day!! Woots! Long day ! :D
We are still moving but we love you guys!
Really NOT lookin forward to seein all my flowers when i get home tonight, theyre all gonna be dead :/
It's my muthaafuckin birthday betches!!!!
5/7/1777->S Parsons:As are invalids or too weak to proceed yet from Inoculation or other causes might remain till they recover more strength
Cant think about giving it up
": I thought you was moving yesterday?" I had Marlena graduation to go to so i was only able to move a little stuff
Hello Monday Morning, what does this week have in store?
“: Haha this boys said ”Sam's” when he meant TOMS haha” those are my knockoffs coming soon
I just got tix for NLCS Home Game 1. Hope I didn't jinx your
Housewives of Atlanta...here we go!
so does Nike+ actually measure the distance for you?
Good grief. RT : Hamilton ties game with ninth homer of week and 18th of season.
are you here?
Ate to much now I'm sleep
Do it!
Abandon all hope.
Really proud of my for starting a new business and helping to make us all a little more beautiful :)
Congrats to all that made the jim nantz award's top twenty! , Andrew Kanell...
Wow, Christopher Plummer is the epitome of class. Outstanding.
it's been a year bro
Tyler fell asleep and has the cutest squished face. Im resisting every urge to kiss all over it! [Its the little things] ❤
yea man
Im about to be 21 next week damn niggas gettin old !
RT (from 2009!) : My Goal of the Day: Fully listen to my critics, even if they may not know exactly what they're critical of.
yeah what type of gamification? Like for marketing stuff?
Can't believe my cousins got to see Criss Angel Mindfreak in Vegas..I used to watch his show all the time!
Bored outta my damn mind........
My smile hides all of the pain kept inside
Shout out to and for participating in a panel discussion and tour for high school students!
OMG PLEASE FOLLOW ME TEAM BELLA STOP BULLYING NOW ANY TYPE OF BULLYING STOP IT NOW WITH BELLA NOW LOVE YOU RT
well said Zach!! Well said!! Thank you for saying that!! ..bri
Sweet treat of the day ... If you're in NYC stop by for a Mini cupcake !! (only 80 cals) and the best ive ever had !!
Lov it it looks amazing on u <3 plzz follow me
When my Wii controler dies :( no Netflix tonight
"we in here talking about PRACTICE!" A.I.
Walking behind a chain smoker the whole way to work is not my idea of a great way to start the day.
"Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater."
I am not very kind when I editorialize during sports :)
ewww I looked UGLY!!!
Wishing everyone in NOLA and anywhere else celebrating Fat Tuesday tomorrow a Happy #MardiGras!
Ten Bold Predictions for Book Publishing in 2012 by
:o( Nothing you could do!
Ok so here's our public service announcement for the evening...friends...don't forget it's Mother's Day this month! Just sayin.
i cnt wait either -.-
I wonder if u could submit a candidate hoarder for students to work on?
Please help me .!!! I Need more followers.!!!!! Love You Monsters <3
go to sleep you guys .. O hey girls lol
Happy 4th of July! Have a fun and safe celebration!
": I'm done. #seriously ; Linzie, your tweets tonight are making me very sad :(
ohh yess i did! i always try you girll! you know me! And your never at school i miss you!!!
I knew you could do it. Yes! “: you did it!! We just picked your name! You're welcome:)”
Does it really matter if STAT plays Game Four? We're done anyway. Let's be realistic.
SpaWeek has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day!
Youre still the blame for it months ago tho lmaoo RT : What started the Steve Francis slander this time?
Please give me a shoutout
": I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER! ....LOL jk, I dance like a retarded penguin..."
I'M THE FUCKING BAD GUY THAT'S JUST WHO I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd better win this one! I'll bribe the judge.
Are you ready?
#NameForMyChildren AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE JR AND APRIL... Last and middle idk :)
wishing I could drive my car around and hear #withoutyou on the radio! Good thing everyone else can!
A 91 and 95 in the same night (65mph zone), and its a Tuesday!?
Thank u. Sorry u couldn't make the seminar.
#BeThere for celebration and recognition! Happy Mother's Day!
nothing yet, but you will if you're late to the Heat game. Get moving!
Might I recommend marbles - the rules and lexicon are taught child to child (one of the many reasons I analyze them)
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection.
<< good morning! How's the Charlie horse? Good mothers day?
Enjoying a great night out @ Paul & Jack's (NKC) for Make-A-Wish--beautiful night, cold beer & great music! Come down if ur in KC Metro
Contemplating a trip to the tower in H'wood; Atman location for The Long Goodbye. Marlowe's pad.
Listening to Keef Richards on NPR's "Fresh Air"
they tried to get him to go to prom with this chick at Roosevelt. Didn't work lol
Cobb Galleria is a no-fly zone. Good memories :) “: So good to see at #DSum12! Haven't seen u since Neverland. ;)”
Yum. done.
Did I really just end up taking a two hour nap? Smh.. Time for the late night workout... Lol
Happy Easter everyone.
stuffing my face full of panda before work
Srsly, HWood, stop with the illusion dresses. If you have to wear nude inserts to make it work, you've missed the point. Sheesh!
Tonight's class-teaching the cognitive and emotional mind to work in harmony.
in most cases yes, but the lines get blurred with the increase in tablet usage
Nothing better than 2 prepare 4 your weekend w/ Extend&Restore this morn 8:30am!! Beverly Hills
Have you stopped by for coffee/pastries at our cityhouse bakery located in the lobby? We have espresso!
Had to talk taxes for a few hours and then my laptop caught on fire. Actually not too bad for a Monday!
Holy crap I just met Stephen Schwartz! Holy crap holy crap holy crap
Thanks for the RT,Your awesomeness!
Going to see in Madison tonight. He's up against the opera and street capoeira on state street.
And my mother left me at home .. Oh well 😉👌
What music do you like to get massage to? If the band is local, that's even better!
You know your Doing something right when you get sore from a work out
do you know any girls in our grade that look like a man .
I will have to check that one out!
Tweet bout ur retArded friends
yeah, because the lakers utilize their post presence so well.
Driving down PCH with the top down, rocking out to Led Zeppelin, wondering if its too late to call in sick to work.
Pending the food challenges, Violet had outgrown tree nuts!!!!
kindly follow back :)
The drawing will begin shortly!
I can't wait to see what and Double Fine do with over 3 million bucks. It's sure to be great!
#TeamSharon all the way! Spooky!
ALERT: Evangelical guitarist with amplifier near Finger Fountain. Approach with caution. (via )
Main char already James (not Jim). I like Hugh. Do we like Hugh Fremont? It's funny this one's eluding me: based loosely on husb!
walk over.
Alright... I Have Netflix streaming, Hulu Plus, HBO GO, etc... do none of these have Dark Angel on them? I never got to see that show...
and that would be a bad thing because.....
people tweet you some pretty weird things..
Its been a while! :) Glad you're coming down! How have you been?
“: Detroit friends: Wow. 10-0 #gotigers” [do the kids in Berlin watch the Tigers? #progress]
; too dread my hair or chop it off & have my lil curly fro, decisions. . . decisions 😱 im still deciding tho.
awesome! I got an ARC at the PNW Booksellers Assn Conf, and have been passing it around Central.
Feeling Blessed.
Bad hair day
I did I did
Crap looks like Shumpart tore something
Sure, what's the location?
exchanged during a typical French
live streaming the Streamy Awards
Buy it. Not as good as the self-titled, but still totally worth the money!
Happy Birthday Sir Webb
Going for a walk in the sunshine
get yo hair dne like one of ours den.
I'm glad to have a fag like you in my life too.
when you come in I will explain it to you. You can use the 30 pounder...
Happy Birthday :)
Serving GREAT food until 3:30 am. Stop in for a snack or a meal. You won't be disappointed.
I hate when people assume I'm into the hardcore scene, I'm not at all..
hey guys if you put us in your #ff we and will follow you back and put you in both of our #ff's. go go go! :)
Driving through Louisiana listening to R&B. Just heard a song called " I fell in love with you at the barbecue.".
well at least you'll be inside where it's warm! But thanks!
congrats, i soon be moving to LA
Or cheese making. I'm expanding my campus.
u guys have baby's now
Hey Eric! Thanks 4 following me! I pray that God would continue to bless u more & more this year. Looking frwd 2 connecting!
What I have learned about building an employee benefits team in a rapidly changing marketplace; articled appeared in Benefits Selling mag.
knows me too well.... <333 Hes too cute! What can i do!?
Nick Markakis hits one right to Ivan Nova's ankle, but the #Yankees pitcher stays in the game. Speaks values of his toughness.
awe sweet!!! That's AMAZING!! <3
That's good, right? But what'll you do for the rest of the semester?
i did a part time gig there during last holiday, so im partial to them over sur
Reverend Christine. You are the best. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. I hope life is good for you.
We see what kind of President Obama is, no matter what he may change to this is what he will go back to, Look at his Friends!
When we got married I told my wife "If you leave me, I'm going with you. And she never did.
How do you miss both free throws? Should have won that one.
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.” ~Tom Krause
When people you care about make stupid decisions
thanks for helping the girls <3 fucking bad ass.
♫ "... baby I don't know just what gets in me, all I know is it wont be ending... baby I'm a just a freakin' out for your good." ♫
LOL! What would that be...hm...I wonder! LOL!
ur interview thing?
Check out my new track ft. Drake on myspace at www.myspace.com/theofficialmwillz
A brand new sharpie
thanks for joining us at dinner last night - we will come visit you soon too ;)
May 22nd needs to be here now. -.-
The best is yet to come...
I don't know. I grew up in the Valley and I'm embarrassed to admit I never really ventured. So, I'm excited to see what you find.
Thanks for the welcome and hope the Starbucks is keeping you amped!
#teamfollowback hit me up and I shall return the favor. :)
DS: Yeah... 2 days before the draft... Time i get this TT going for
I find a good sugar high along with a diet coke to be very helpful! Good luck writing!
fuck relationships who needs them anymore
I can't stop beaming!
yes that began his obsession with pinching backsides.
Yes i will yell at you if you try cut me in line at the bagel store! #ActRight biatch im a grown ass man
Getting ready to hop in my dad'splane to lake Tahoe......going to check out some art shows at a couple of galleries!
GTE is good, GEG is better. I'm going san Quentin style.
Just watched The Vow. I don't get it. Why did people like it so much? It was frustrating and dumb.
#GoTribe This is a Tribe called go figga. Cuz, u Neva know what we gonna do. ~Phife HA!
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. ♥
Hmm. Maybe I'll start throwing the trash under my front porch! That's it! Grey Gardens II!
so jealous !
This Conversation is Everything right Now!!!
Ah the guy who does my local news is GORGEOUS :')
and people wonder why I keep my facebook and my twitter seperate... Not trying to have drama everywhere I go.
*kills self*
This email to the CFO of Simon Malls is pretty difficult to write.... Sound ambitious, smart, and anxious
I guess Kaleb is doing his best but this still sux.
Did you know we're playing Hollywood Alley on the 27th at 10pm?
i cant wait to see him tomorrow night! :)
It's not that I'm keeping anything from you or living in secret...it's just "my business" is none of "your business!"
I prayed that you would come back to me....it didn't happen
Women aligning so perfectly a weekly gathering
Yay!! Better put it on your calendar.
And remember you will. It's quite the publicity stunt.
Early Bird Pageant Rate Expires Valentine's Day! Make plans now! 2011 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant!
Thanks BPI for the tons of free supplement samples. Can't wait to test them out!
NEW!!! We just added PayPal Cash Auctions to our lineup! Make sure you stop by tonight, we're also auctioning off a mini HP netbook!
1 out of 5 people in Spain work in construction; much more than in the US. There is a lot of construction visible but many are out of work.
Did you know that your kid can change their facebook settings to control which post you read. I bet your saying not my kid...right?
Dear Niagra Falls. Cant wait to see you May 5thish!
The Bulls are playing with basically their entire bench!!!!! So awesome.
Wow! Over 200 people came out for this live couponing event sponsored by Sac Bee - 1 more chance tonight at 7 pm
Watching my baby have fun in her walker...i can't stop smiling and neither can she :-)
Stressed out or hurting? Have you considered Reiki? Check out my blog at: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The Apple event at Bel Aire was fantastic and hoping to learn more -- and that you will unblock me :)
me too, do you want to be friends? :) RT ": Well I'm all alone this Saturday night 😒"
bet. Ima keep an eye out for it
Bouta Cook Me Some
GOODNIGHT, School tomorrow. Im Outt ;
I know just been koolin it lol
Have a safe and legendary
you forgot about that Hey nick said
oh yes, the perpetual problem of funding for open access . . .
I don't believe you.
I want Elana to be with Damon so bad.
Hope everything is goign well....let us know where you are sitting so we can get the Plate O'Bacon!
Retweets are like sex. The only people who complain about them are the ones who aren't getting any."
Lord help me. I'm at a birthday party full of three-year-olds.
Eff this. I'm going to bed for a week.
Home Bank is celebrating it's 30 year Anniversary this week! Come in to visit us and receive a special present on us!!
Have you looked at Semantic Fields & Semantic Views Modules? (to trim down divitis)
stop yelling in my ear and get to class
Final edits #MomsRock magazine done! Onto the printers, ready in time for Saturdays #BabyBashBling expo. Thanks
i miss my best best best nigga . i ain't even talked to this nigga since thrusday ! i'm sorry, come back ! lmao! i won't neglect you.
Although between the three of us, we might have had an army strong enough to hold off the invading hoards at 3:00 am
another jam session down to the wire! Let's go skittles!!!!
Right.. Just go buttnaked
if you want me in your life, you can find a way to put me there because frankly, I'm sick of trying
The secret is to remember light is both a particle and a wave.
That's a tough kind of writing to do and managing the response is also challenging I'd imagine.
CHA-LUKE--A
hardly....going to have another beer soon....i don't have a crying offspring waking me up at 4am.
prayer is a conversation with God; listening is indeed a key piece of that
