That would be great. I would go if I could.
your last four tweets could be our life.
@ FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!
I need a fucking drink really bad, or some cigs
SO PROUD of you and the #TEXANS. Can't win turning the ball over like that, but you guys made me proud.
Happy Mother's day jo ☺ God Bless you
Afternoon lovelies! Another rainy day here. I hope you're all well.
Crude oil back in the buy window. If you are looking to make 20% in the next 5 -6 yrs now is the time.
Hanging at Macoy's in Westport with my old best buds. Can't wait to rock and see The Creature Comforts tonight!
New Tapa at Charro: Chorizo Stuffed Dates: wrapped in house bacon, tangy tomatoes
flash or inner?
That awkward moment when a small kid hits you without any reason in front of his mom and all you can do is smiling at that kid.
Looking forward to watching the Super Bowl in Mt. Vernon with Debbie and Brett. Can't wait to see which commercials will air!
I feel like i'm ugly :/
TGIF. Time to go get it. Performing tonight @ Si Salsa in Bmore. Then in Annapolis on Saturday.
Strking up a convo with a young girl who turned out to be 28 ! 0_0
Working on The Wanderer took a ton of time. Catching up now. Just finished new 4th series. Will check out those 5's next!
I miss only seen her for 10mins
It's Friday! Where ya headed?
Happy Mother's Day to all my #BBNFam Moms! Hope all have a wonderful weekend! If your Mother's r still living hope u will see them!
My favorite! I have been waiting for that! Just made my day!
Jim Gabbert interview was really great. Grew up on KTZO/KOFY. Exposed to a LOT of classic TV beacuse of JG. Keep it comin'!
Going to pay for the amount of work I'm NOT doing today.
I fall a little farther everytime you look at me
Overdosed on normaling today
Enjoy $4.50 Great Lakes Distillery Cocktails Tonight at the Best Western on South Howell [by the Mitchell Airport]
Do. Your. Work.
Viewing party with at Kenton Station 5pm Sunday.
I want to be better
We're trippin in our hearts and its reckless and clumbsy, and i know you cant love me
Beat my miles time by 13 seconds!!!
welcome to America! So glad you are here, can't wait to have you home in Phila.
I wish workplaces had snowdays... I don't want to go to work tomorrow....
oh yeah, I know but I'm jelly at the bf who is the chef :)
What about that Nets team that made the Finals that time?
you'll be able to! we'll be getting there soon :)
dog or burger?
The best words a real estate agent can hear when showing a property are "We'll take it."
Daily GTKY question: What’s your favorite game? This means any game, phone apps, Facebook, Xbox, board, whatever floats your boat.
it doesn't matter to me if your perfect or if jess i like u lots kelli you always make more happy and special then anyone i know
is africa saved through bracelet sales yet or what?
Excited about date night tonight. Hanging out with other couples from our church. Got our fuzzy navel wine coolers and I am ready!
no cover at Sports ALL SUMMER? goodbye world.
Whatever makes you feel like a rock star.
It's not a party until someone opens a bag of Funyuns
it wont let me watch Austin live stupid ustream is playing up
My throat would get worse on the wedding day. Sound awful.
Him and Gary Payton. RT : Ray Allen always had the dopest custom jordans
plzzz follow back for me would mean a lott to me she's nice:)
I guess ill just accept the party life style... can not manage to get away from a party. Vegas tomorrow
#FF: If you have a single/mixtape/album out, Follow me I will follow back and Promote your music!
Tweetchats are exhausting. It's like trying to have a conversation out a car window.
you can have my twitter name but no my number.
Fear has a smell, as Love does. ~ Margaret Atwood
sorry - we don't but keep checking - we always add new stuff.
i had to really pinch myself tho...the Lakers really got swept lol.
Employers are required to post notices to all employees of their rights under the laws EEOC enforces
finally put up a W in volleyball last night. thank goodness! looking forward to a fun weekend!
... Cris Carter's admission about taking out protection "bounties" on opposting players who threatened him is violently irresponsible.
bay port sounds like a good new home for me(:
old linkin park >>
RT : #Reds win, 6-5, to take the series. Off day tomorrow, face the Cubs beginning Tuesday.
Looks like more rain . . . time to hop on the treadmill again.
Roll up sum kush
RT : Great hockey weekend in #Rochester, #RIT game at BCA just 600 shy of a sellout.
PURGATORY AFTERHOURS CONTINUES THIS WEEK WITH SPECIAL GUEST **DJ GENAFIRE** IT WAS LIVE LAST WEEK!! ASK SOMEONE!!
“: Admit it...
I love making mix CDs:)
Jurors in with Congress: Rupert Murdoch arrives at the Bhoja Air crash that hunger will mark the Obama
“: I'm hoping the Mega Millions winner is a Muslim illegal immigrant in a hoodie who spends it all on contraception.” HILRIOUS
yes, he is. and so is my boyfriend. XP
Bullying puts EVERYONE in danger. Look no further than Columbine.
there is a crepe place at the fashion square mall. who knew?
I put it to you: the rare book trade is green. Discuss.
Its a beginning..of a disaster.
#nba fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
God uses people other people don't count.
gay english project
lls im gonna save it forever ctfu
All I can do is Dream!
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3!
HBK and H on Raw...Classic!
Happy b-day Amy Jo!
I totally just witnessed a high-speed pursuit happen....a car going 80 thru red lights and about 15 cop cars behind him.
i love you...
How can someone go out of their way to say they hate or don't like something. The same way I say I dislike the catholic and morman faith
I swear at least by tomorrow I will seriously be making a fan account for like you can't help but love this guy
OMG xmas avatars on !!!! love
Thanks for the MT
Its #redshoeday! Ill be at friars and northside drive collecting donations for the Ronald McDonald House Charities!
he got them there
Especially the ones where they all die. Those rule.
Need a hotel in Chicago Tonight? Crowne Plaza Metro only $109 Call 877-551-6633 to book.
This #BehindtheMusic for Biggie bouta be on point
Hoes talk shit to the lips lock jaw chrome to ya dome til ya lip lock jaws
"go deep or go home" hahaha
My eyes have been watering for 2 hours now
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
I'll get it from her
Did we already lose all our guys? ESPN says so.....I never heard that and I write about UK.
you are so lucky you don't live here!
Look what You've done for me.
Yayyyyyy!!!!!! & the crowd goes wild!
Having finished paint roller work in the craft room, I'm leaving GIJ to do the finesse work on corners. Instead, I will unpack the kitchen.
#itshardwhen somebody shoots you
Okay okay... I'll trust this I guess RT : The Ravens are so damn smart.
way to be productive on a Sunday!!
Thanks for posting this.
Calling all sportsmen! Check out ISE on the news for
can you just tweet when you send out the confirmation codes if you haven't already so we know if we arent able to go?? Thanks!
Signing up for twitter and CD Baby...editing web sites.
Just made my new twitter layout. I have lots of custom layouts for sale. message me if interested, paypal only. Tell your friends!
Being single is a good feeling, no drama or heartaches. On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Getting ready to go be a Rockstar of Science at #nsta thinking of inspirational things to say about being a scientist. Help?
- Idea for album - Keith Olbermann's greatest rants =Platinum
This is not the way I wanted to end my Tuesday evening. Dreaming of a better tomorrow...
follow back blood
"The Freak" set tomorrow at practice. This is gonna hurt...baaadd.
Wonderful to finally meet you! I will see you again in July.
Hitler just wanted a Klondike bar
Honestly, what are so many people doing flying to Phoenix?
Retweet to get a #Redskins following!
It’s a truly awesome program! We started out small and it’s grown into the highlight of our summer programming. Good luck!
feeling your program homie! need to cop me some IZRI
TRAFFIC CLEARED : Jack Knifed semi - SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
2hrs of sleep yes! I love when when..img tired woohoo -_-
I will I promise. good night
Coming up on 30 years of marriage and Bill still sings Barry White's "Never Ever Gonna Give You Up" to me in the car. LOL
sadly we had to drive back last night. Hope you have a productive day at #ira12 without us
my bracket is at 100% thanks to Marquette
Today, I found out my white American History teacher also plays streetball at Rucker Park. MLINY
"The difference between an ordinary business and an EXTRAordinary business is implementation." Bill Glazer
thanks to everyone who ordered last week for our 100% donation week!
All I want is a gummy bear that's the size of a grizzly.
will you be making a video and singing with your guitar?
S/o to my man for bringing me that yingleng last night.
I hate when people I care about lie to me. It's like driving a stake through my heart though! Lol
This game is painful to watch.
“Eighty percent of success is showing up.” Woody Allen.
I gave your ass the idea so #win for me.
-heyy. FOLLOW BACK? :D
Looking for African American male for "let's stay together". 21-35 years old. Ballet, classically trained preferred. Contact me. Thanks! :)
But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance
Alright... ready to get into the whole twitter thing :)
C DeLucia mentions a book titled "Decolonizing Methodologies," says the best work on this stuff comes from Maori context
Reza a major NY institution would like to get an illustrator of the Rostam comic books to tlk to teens. Who do I call?
Holiday goods on sale 30-40% off at the Menil Collection Bookstore while supplies last. It's a beautiful day to come and browse art books.
Fuck.......I can't believe we are waiting for San Diego now I hate both teams a lot!!!!
after years of resisting, i have succumbed.
also why are you awake??? lol
Have a great new year girlie;)
love you sister
I have to get my own car no matter what it takes
Smart woman! I hope it has "include the kids when you go..." LOL.
IT WAS SO AMAZING. MY NEW FAV SONG<3
Now doing my librarian duties :)
Centralizing TV and Web production key to minimizing issues on all screens ~Extreme Reach
<3 all this "hate" on She was saying what WE'RE ALL THINKING. L.Lo needs to get it all in check and pay the dues. How is that mean?
Can it get much higher?
Naw, I'm at Home
video diaries > air
bro you get your equipment set up or still working on that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNNY!!! :)
Today's going to be a rough day, I know that already:/
Now I am really excited!
The 5hundy pub crawl! #sacpubcrawl “: What would you like to see at BARWEST on St. Patrick’s Day this year?”
“: true word bro” thank u sir!
When you come to school just for Henandez's essay and you get stuck with some travel agent talking about fairy rocks......
finally i make a twitter :)
yeah, you still like Christian ? (::::
tinyurl.com/3apyzvp Lib Journal blog on gaming in libraries.
Sex aint beta then LOVE
Hope you enjoyed your visit tonight!
she getting in trouble for leavin her pants in the living room. This is what happens when you try to live by
RT House decision to eliminate #ACS will have profound effects on local data for West Virginia. Lack of data breeds ignorance.
I wish I has the guts to go up and talk to you.
DeVante Designz Secures another 2 years of marketing for Bellagio Casino/Resort in Las Vegas, NV
'Free verse is, of course, not free.' (Mary Oliver)
& looked super cute tonight at the Band/Guard banquet!!
- thank you for being a class act, good sportsman, a leader, role model, and for being humble!
you seem cool;)
aww bo! what a bummer! .... but at least it'll be good enterainment!
It seems like would be up for something like this. Or Murfie.
how r u?
Yup. Quite a few questions and the Dodger Express did not exist for the purpose of survey. Big oversight.
“ Bacon is bacon eggs r eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says yur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later, he says its not mine.”
Helping fill the needs of people who want or need to learn English or Spanish in Las Vegas and beyond - especially in the workplace...
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with the important matters
uh oh lol, hopefully she collects it at the end of the class so maybe you can do more of it
Poor Mikey and the boys I was also. Cheering but was being drowned out :(
Thank you so much for the kind words! MB
I wouldn't mind if my #zumba class was canceled.
Vegan Night! Vegan slices 5pm-close.
I wish i was the letter P:(.
RT : Great news
Are you being prison gay?
Oh wait Nvrmind it's done in 4th period right?
Single means not having no emotional ties to someone else !! You are not single if someone has a lean on your heart !!
Facts are stubborn things. Unclear how this is "cheerlead"-ing....
500 submissions in the first 5 hours for my non-union short! Next time I'll hire a Casting Director
#EverydayIThinkAbout Texting The Ones I Love "GoodMorning!"☺
I'm so full think Imma take a long nap this time xD
I can't see the video either.
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back!
Hmm.... Wrestling tournament. Off to show 2 houses. Writing an offer. Then NFC game.
Thanks to everyone who me! I'll make sure to get on here more often (and make the other guys get on here, too!) <3 you all! -Chris
GETTING READY FOR THE TEXAS CLASS. CHECK US OUT @ WWW.POLICEMOUNTAINBIKETRAINING.COM
RT : I'm thinking Kermit at the Bullet - who's with me?
#CoolStoryBro now go jump off a cliff and die.
sho did call me
#AGuyShould Bring his girl flowers 💐🌸🌷🌻🌺
Hold up. Imma go fuck my fridge.
In honor of St.Patty's day we are offering our Reuben and fries for $9.99 (normally $12)!!! Come in and grab a coke and crown for $5!
Are all IRC for anon shut down?
Pretty words from friends :)
thanks for the birthday wishes. Now I am old like you.
They love them some NICKI (;
COCO XO IS GETTING READY TO GO HARD !!! SAN ANTONIOS NEW FRIDAY NIGHT HOT SPOT !!! 210-789-9079 FOR INFO OR VIP
I'm in for drinks after. Dos Toros for a quick bite before?
you don't "receive" respect from others. You teach others to respect you by the way you respect yourself.
To live is a blessing, to love is a dream <3
I feel like I watch just in case he makes a surprise cameo
Look at my boo Jeremy pretty much dying for everyone else on TVD. Love him.
do u know yet if u are able to make it tomorrow?
Very bold statement.
ceviche & tapas of course, plus some personalized fruity mojitos courtesy of Patrick :)
Like I said to you not 20 minutes ago, she's a keeper. See you at frunch.
I like the Indy Runners Club at Butler for half marathon training.
unfortunately they are both not very good
#Whenitwascooltoo have an imaginary friend
I emailed and tweeted. We'll see what happens.
Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????
#NFL Draft Eve is one of my favorite days. Analysts panicking and changing all their mock drafts off of rumors. Kinda tempted to start one.
I do like Nirvana. The music reminds me of my older brothr because he gave me 'In Utero' when I was younger.
Whats good bro!?
For iOS dev, I've used both an iPhone and an iPod Touch. #kiddori works great on both. Future will bring it to iPad. :-)
So was that okay with everyone?
Who's hating on Austin???
thanks so much! :) share us with your friends! where are you from?
Nicki Minaj is the perfect example of theatrics covering up a lack of talent , notice how #Adele just stood there and sang
real world needs to include legal issues ex. social media users being fired for tweeting from the field
couple days late in responding. It was absolutely brutal. Did you see the Liverpool game yesterday? Unreal.
Is it weird that no Gus Johnson = no buzzer beaters this year?
Head to tomorrow night to kick off the Gold Rush Pub Crawl! 9 beers, 9 bars, 10 bucks! www.oldsacramentobars.com
Belated thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships takes two that have the goals and them goals should be showing diff ways of showing they love each other.
you think all those roads you drive on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free. Government is working...
Whenever I need a favor mfz never there unless im buyin a bottle n payin they gas tho.....thats why ion fuck wit u mfz
Welcome to the show, Bryan Bennett. No one wanted to see Darron Thomas go down, but they shot this kid out of a cannon
My entire head got sunburned in February.
Sour Shane is holding his own but Alvarez is gonna put him out soon.
Good morning to u all may this day continue to be a gift of jesus amen..
the convenience of humanity / a lifeless body of thoughts remain on this ground tonight
deuces 11 awesome year...coolest job, married, conference champions, marathon PR 2:48, portugal...but 2012 will be even better...stay tuned!
you did amazing!
We are all Writing the #book of our lives! What's n ur #story? :)
This girl is a bitch.
Meaning say what your petition is about and I will RT it. So everyone will sign. We r making jailtime for bullies.
Anyone in Oakland that can pick me up from downtown please???? Working late may miss last bus.
That's the way to be on Mom's Day!
Put a cranky little girl to bed to the sounds of Norah Jones's Come Away with Me. There was no ill this album couldn't cure in 2003.
This weather is ahhhmazing.
Lmfao I still hate you for tht
The Frantic and Drive A in Dayton, Ohio tonight at the Attic Club. 9:00!
So jealous!
So true! You can almost hear them saying "Never mind..."
get at them tell em who's boss
Guy shit his pants LITTERALLY on our flight. Soaked through his pants!
Today is #ThrowbackThursday ...let us know your favorite oldies!
Help stop child abuse. Volunteer at a local child abuse prevention center.
Tell George way to go! We pay all our attn to Afghanistan/Iraq and ignore the problems in Sudan.
I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
76° outside n loving it!
Willie is wearing #morningjoe shirt. I wondered why #morningjoe was wearing a new shirt.
you are cool....
I was 13 when this joint came out.
he's getting old! Thunders young and it's just the beginning!
Oh my god i freakin' love florida
Ya loop it, ya swoop it, & ya pull 👟
Editing night. We'll have a brand new trolley show for you this Tuesday.
Lets run away and don't ever look back. don't ever look back
how's $20 off the month of your birthday? :) hope you had a happy birthday!
love it
it should go on that weird habits show...hair sniffing.
Agree with Nelson 100%
doesn't sound like a bad idea...may make some improvements in the world. :)
Nice Win
I'm in Kensington. You name the time/place + I'll accommodate.
Hell yes... totally dig. Blissing out now. Thanks for the introduction.
lunch soon for marissa's 1st communion w/ my faves :)
Haven't tried the poolside lassi gig yet. Will have to see if I can a mtg moved poolside. Thanks for the tip!
I always perform terribly in classes that have nothing to do with what I want to do... but if it's along the lines of my career I do great.
Once heard an officer dispatched for an angry 911 caller. Caller couldn't remember the words to "Boot Scootin' Boogie"
Design games for loss of control and subversion. Let kids hack their way through and manipulate the environment/rules.
no outage on our end; if you are seeing issues with your site use the support system and we can look into it.
I always dreamed of being that cool kid even if it meant actin stupid.
In Europe it's still pretty cold right now...
Last chance to try our Sloppy Joe special topped w/ spicy nacho cheese, bacon & jalapenos! Just $5 or +$2 to veganize!
I'm smart .
( cody I really like the music all day)
I would do this #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead TT but a few of my male followers would give the same person
We Love Mama Grande ? :D
Pretty nice, that free stuff *** don't you love the word "free"?? Recommend it.
oh god I'm dying. Haha thanks!
Nope not asked either
Hey yall my lovelies go follow my sister she loves peeps and she's a author
Marla - yet again he tweeted coarse, gross, offensive, and nauseous
I know I'm late, but think like a man was a pretty good movie!
Sorry for all those extra tweets...twitter must have had a couple already for #CincodeMayo.....not sure why it sent one tweet 10 times
4 doubles and a home run in the 2nd for the
Wow. Matt Garza really, really can't throw the ball after fielding a bunt. Lucky he's got a tall 1B
Don't worry, now that I think about it I'm pretty sure it was in the archives class I took. Nothing to be alarmed about!
And, to piggy back on the last post: GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
How do you get paid off of it ? Is it per download or is it a free promo for you to get your name out?
RT The problem with cuddling in bed with your true love is that iPhones don't cuddle back.
I wanna party! And bullshit!
also, how bad is it that I read your reply and thought, "I could go for more." Second also, I made my own corn chips yesterday.
Simple stories with a 3-Act structure and clever dialog. The actors will do their part and the audience will enjoy. Do it.
pick me?
Hey library lovers! 2day GreatDane Pub & Brewing Co Fitchburg will donate a portion of their sales 2the Fitchburg Public Library! Eat there!
These guys: They will #retweet any #message you want. Follow them.When they #follow you, they retweet any DM u send em
What a difference a day makes, the dewpoint is within 4 degrees & rain. #WindshieldRepair is not recommended at this time.
Had an amazing time at the game tonight with and !
Group Reformer and BOSU coming up at 10! Happy Saturday from Romney!
Now that's a sweet deal!
"Never again can we afford to live with the narrow, provincial "outside agitator" idea." -MLK
What's happening? That's a great questions. 6 designs in the can, printed and waiting to be sold. Should be live next week! Stay tuned.
what is the difference between criminal theories and criminological theory?
caraschatz: love the new pic w/SLA Award! hope you & the rest of the "swish" had a blast thursday night! See you soon... ...
for something lighter, PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was good, young woman working as spy guarding princesses during WWII
Don't get your hopes up darlin'
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet Gameplay Video Celebrates Launch The near 20 minute in-game trailer gives you plenty to look at and a nice
Super Bowl! Go Pack!
psst, hey Baltimore area restaurants and retailers - if you'd like to donate items/gift certs for our charity, send us a DM!
Give me some of that good love somebody rocking knockin the boots
At the #AHCJ conference in ATLANTA and the speaker in our session is talking about DINOSAUR BBQ in ROC and SYR! Funny!
So tony nolan just tweeted that over 2000 responded to the gospel at winterjam.i love it when the holy spirit moves!:D HE>i
#whenitwascoolto go on MySpace
it's not ugly HE IS UGLY! It's cool doe because others people ignorant comments don't get to me and I am not going to retaliate
Its a beautiful day throughout the great state of Georgia; from Lookout Mountain to Plains to Savannah's River Street.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
Hey there, (stephenarney), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
hey you retweet a lot
Sounds like you've been watching The Matrix a wee bit too much. :-D
Back at you!
First set done! Love Danielle everine!
Subscribe to the Museum's e-newsletter and learn what the excitement is all about.
its really hard to get noticed by 'big' people But lexxi is going for american idol she does town events now.
Oh good. More carpet shopping this week. I never knew carpet could stress me out like this.
follow me! (:
#moms Cerebral Palsy & #Bullying have made for an incredible collision of Purpose, Dreams #goals and Vision.
Dat's right!
holy crap I couldn't stop eating those damn cheese pop corn! Sorry and thanks!
Thanks to Amanda and Shawn, today we learned that at NSAI we meet in the middle.
come'n from a dude with a truck as a profile pic LoL
The Chicago Latino Film Festival () kicks off on Friday. Que bueno!
Grt advice MT : Tip for begin'ng writers: Read work out loud. Ear picks up stuff eyes don't & u will improve.
So thankful for and all that God did tonight in the hearts of young people.
Forget it... I'm going to sleep, bye.
Me and Doe go on at 845 tonight...16+ ...early show
are you working on a new movie ?
Rare chance to see Trinidadian novelist Earl Lovelace in US: East Coast Mar 12-25. New book IS JUST A MOVIE
maybe he forgot. Because he's stupid
thats okay. #CallMeMaybe you guys have swag!
Nice! I look forward to reading your article!
I wonder what some of yall would look like or be like if yall never smokedd..
little bastard! Tell it I said to come out by noon or else *_*
A new GYPSY film starring Barbra Streisand is moving forward. Julian Fellowes (Downtown Abbey, Gosford Park) is set to write the screenplay.
lololol is this the first time you're seeing these? Hahaha
my universities seems to think the same thing. I JUST GRADUATED, people! No job yet, no money yet
Dave Grohl will always be my first rock love! Sigh.
is looking for a Credit Analyst- GREAT COMPANY!! Pays 35K. Email your resume to **
Spending some time with the kids at the pool.
Come on I'll give you romance, come on I'll give you paradise. Make your dreams come true, you'll see fantasy, magic can happen to you.
I'm kinda over all these social networks.
i gotta track down the damn tattoo man first though smh
Today in America you have the freedom to pay your bills. You can't say much else about freedom in America today.
no REAL NIGGA wants his bitch/nigga on twitter half naked tweetin about sex 2a bunch of other niggas. Cuzz if I find out dat'll getcha 🔫👊
No, but the traffic all directs toward...not worth it. And what would I want to do at the UC now?
What a huge mistake with that attempted steal. Someone had a major leage brain fart! Now it cost them a run.
I do agree!
Blown face
I rather have an HONEST enemy than a FAKE friend... Reply with your comment or "like".
A trippy stick, 3 blunts, and a space cake and its just cloud 3.
well played. before a long weekend no less. That's veteran.
This Saturday from 2 PM - 4 PM donating calligraphy skills to Visiting Nurse Assoc in St. Louis for their fund-raiser at Ahner Nursery.
- I'm praying they lose because I am tired of hearing about Jesus.
awesome, and I'd have to say that Alternative, Ambient, Rock type music would be my personal favorite!
garbage can wars (and beats) in the commons.
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
This the game from #Monta that have been waiting for. More please.
It would be good to do a global #OpenTech conference. Beyond Mobile: the Future Of Open Technology...or something like that
What a full day of recording!
Don't forget to follow for a very big announcement in the coming weeks!
Listening to Im into you by JLo,, ur so beautiful & pretty!!! I wish i culd grow up to b jst like u!! Te Amo :)
One last Treasure Coast sunrise before my Pittsburgh return...where snow is expected. Happy Earth Day?!
Yup and r u unfollowing me? I can't msg u.
": RT I love art please say it back."
that's probably it. No idea what's wrong with me.
#Jesus rules
About cost & funding of opendata; Public officials want outcomes & proof that it's worth $ Digi-planners accept the challenge
I'm glad you feel it's necessary to have your sprinklers going as it's pouring rain...
#HowToGetRejected Have No Money And No Life For A Girl
Isn't it interesting how the glorious banks and lobbies of yesterday are the drug and cheap shoe emporiums of today???
Cowboys... oK!
I'm not done with my full review man -- can't you wait! Haha. It's far and away the best Android phone on AT&T.
Today's after work mantra: bank, library, daughter, feed Connie's cat, son, home, dinner. Bed.
with wrs flying off board, and M Williams being courted. Are there any decent, und radar dl/olb that gb targets, swoops in on
has a Twitter account!? Please let me take this opp to tell you that "Context is all" is my favorite quote!
followed me without me even asking!! THANK YOU <333
Don't get mad at me, I told you it was a bad idea in the first place.
Why is it so hard to get tickets? I have been trying for 2 years! I even live in LA now :(
I WILL!!
I know I gotta good thing right here. Imma stick with you my Babe.
Add Value to Your Home - Remodel Today www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Experts
Loved Monday's episode.
Thank you!!! XO
Thankful and bless headed to get my........
Lords of Waterdeep is the fucking tits.
Y r u so good to me!
that was awesome!!! The role you play is one I'd die to portray! Amazing costumes a bonus!
lol really? Where do u live?
Happy MILF day!
I like it, but we'd have to add the phrases "point of order" and "call the question".
Good morning!!! Was an exciting afternoon in Downtown Miami, The race for the cure and the protestors!!!! Videos to be posted
Made danny a facebook!
Weather slowly improving as we head north on I-79 towards Washington, PA. Also, PHOTOS UPLOADED at ict2dc.com!
see if life is not just a little bit happier
Protesters have broken the NET PROTESTERS ARE STORMING THE STREETS IN NYC #OWS!!!! i'm afraid this is going to turn UGLY FAST
I am so happy that I am alive. I have a guy that I care about. I love you Patrick. #ItGetsBetter <3
So flippin stoked to get this acoustic EP out! Sounds so good.
that is tru but when they say rude enough stuff like that they should find a new croud to tweet with not us tru arianators
Something that warms my heart... Watching karma bitch slap those who try to bring me down. Awful maybe, but true.
fosho i will :p thanks ! :)
Downtown tonight? I just want to meet jersey shore
Are CA #chardonnay styles changing? I've actually tasted several recently that weren't oak-laden butterballs.
i'm hoping the bar was a "judgement free zone" . whatever. I don't care. ROCK CHALK BABY!
#UFinterface shall we try moving to #ufdhkeynote?
It's almost gametime!
yeah that too
jealous!@ RT : Tomorrow is the day!! Can't wait 2 head down to #Denver for a day escape from my life:)
I recently got a iPhone thanks to my mom, I did get tetherme but it doesn't work with a lot of my devices
Afternoon business meeting! Talking new ideas, get excited! :)
B.E.T awards Oct.1st atl
The perfect time to start something never arrives.
In the studio today recording a good ole drum cover of The Contortionist. Fun stuff.
- Wa Hoo! Congrats on the win!
Hello, Knoxville. We meet again.
Fiji water makes me even more thirsty
did you have another photo shoot?
Fine. What's my compensation gonna be?
Two year anniversary with ❤❤
Thanks for the follow! Glad you appreciated Spread Eagle, haha
Loved the episode--how'd the voting turn out? RT Hi Steve! :-) That time again! Ep#2 just out!
I should have gone to Vegas too! Aimee drink two for me!
When people say "No one made God. god just is," pisses me off. How is "God just is" an acceptable answer when "Life just is" isn't?
hm its not letting me send bbms to u :(
One year ago today, the Wisconsin 14 left for Illinois. Lena C. Taylor wrote "brb" on her Facebook page.
Love the story of Romeo and Juliet but i do wish someone would create an alternate story in which they live bc this is depressing!
White girl's can't live without them <3
Almost got in a wreck on my birthday... Cool. #oldpeopleshouldnotdrive 😡
you should moon again!!!
P.S. Game is tied. 41-41.
♀Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life♀
so ready for school.<3 I decided i'm gunna make the right decision.. (:
Just learned that my childhood field trips in Texas were so much better than true childhood field trips in WA.
you're such an awesome advocate for #LGBT rights-thank you. What's your inspiration?
Success everyone can't make that ride with you but if you can meet me half way I GOT YOU
My insta is acting up ughh :(!
I'm just glad there's a bed available on Sunday night. Holy busy week, batman.
..aweing, very kind, yes? A beacon of light is never an easy task, and most do not wish to bother, sad really..the fortidude, inlightenment
I find it's always important to blend pragmatic learning with more theoretical learning, when the 2 meet awesome stuff tends to happen
tax n right
wow! thank you! you made our day!
HAHAHA you're crazy!
Troy Murphy is on the #Lakers?
OMG JUSTINS VIDEO! THAT JUST FREAKING KILLED THE HELL OUT OF ME I AM SO DEAD IM TWEETING FROM MY GRAVE. OMG THOSE BETTER BE FUL SIZE POSTERS
Ar work: Big junkie day - almost forgot Chris Lee! Plus Oscar Docs kicks off with Restrepo - Junger & Hetherington - Inside Job tomorrow
Yes, photogs are mostly the ones up at midnight. (monitor brightness keeps your brain from shutting down!) Say "hi" to Jess!
are you aware that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is so invasive it removes files that you pd for in iTunes
I don't believe shit that anybody says.
Thanks to my family & friends that attended the awards...enjoyed the time with my best friend in the whole world! Blessed day!!!!
I told you... He is the truth
happy birthday again :)
#layoff news- #Washington: Effective 7/3/11 the maximum weekly UI benefit is $583. The minimum weekly UI benefit is $138.
I was afraid it would so I never watched it! I've just been waiting anxiously for Dance Moms to finally come back on
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
RT Matt Cooke strikes again and is ejected for a blantant headshot. How many games should he be suspended for?
Text marketing is really hot in the real estate market. Are you a Realtor? Have you started using text marketing for your properties?
One word: YES! : i've never seen THE WIRE. netflix has all five seasons. should i go down that rabbit hole?!
Yes, because he has other attributes in addition to his speed. This is a speed list, nothing more.
Test tweet from cell
yeh I wonder if he likes me find out (: lol
GO TO AND GET THAT NEW NOOOWWWIISSHH!!!
are you?!
ah shoot, is that even a question?? WordPress ALL THE WAY!!!
Now Mike Wallace can question God's integrity. Wallace was selective who he was tough with. Total partisan. Not a fan.
Trying to carve out time in my day for thoughtful analysis ... so hard when you are an #armyofone in
word to motha
we stand with LeVar Burton!
Keep on keeping on. Produce as much work as you can, and keep up this great energy....;}
Follow she's amazing and follows back!14
Too little, too late
Aha so now that you don't got yur girl yu try & come back with me ? I don't think so .
Very nice. Sounds like you're right on schedule.
Green Living is not just about the environment, it's also about personal health. Green means People, Pet & Planet safe!
I must say some of these avi's on my TL ratchet as hell...
i would like to be the xylophone player for Gotye
- THE FIRST Book about this historic US Army Post - home of military aviation's first flight, the National Weather Service
I was Aite lol, when the next one?
I need a US return form, could you email me one? Thanks!!!!
Perfect decor for the new baby's room!
I'm doing just fine.
That was supposed to be "Understand"
We have DJ E Square tonight at 7 pm......it's a Mature and Sexy Watertfront Party!,,,,,drink specials all night!!!!
dibs on their beer!
or a best friend like me who will give you one when I return! <3
dana white
#Caps Semin's agent Mark Gandler says Semin is looking for a multi-year deal, not a one-year deal and won't go to the KHL
She IS a beauty ;)
Peyton Manning is dirty son...
Fmr. MN Governor Arne Carlson joins and Tim McNiff on Sunrise to discuss his independent budget commission. Check it out!
Back in Los Angeles, city of angels!
Walking into town tomorrow from school. Dunno who with though... Hm
is on twitter too...
Blue Ivy is already wearing a weave... #aww!
You can't beg people to like your music. It is what it is.
Good to be back in the PHL
ugh. Why they no show the Preds game on TV? seriously? :(
: RT I'm melting.
#Ebony - Tough Love!!! Xoxo
Yo! What are your plans Mifflin weekend?!
Yeah, today's tweet might suck, but I'm absolutely killing with my newest AOL away message.
have truer words ever been spoken? RT : Thinking about doing something doesn't get it done.
Does anyone have stink bugs? and how do u trap them ?
Sleepy time!
Uncle D Fred
“The more difficulties one has to encounter, within & without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.” –...
Cheers to you, Ryan.
was #momo a puddle?.
I wanna rock n roll all night & party everyday
Its Hard to maintain a Tumblr....Hymp Tumblr my Butt Cheeks....
#3wordforyou nice and tipsy
so excited to hang out with and tonight! it has been WAY too long!
that blood spatter towel is jinky. kinda like putting on a shirt with bullet holes. lol
More Happy
I read taro like a god!
this nigga really has problems low key. Its crazy how much he hides it!
Thanks to everyone for the bday love! Grateful for all of you in my life. Nuthins changed, we are the future! Love you all. Lets take over!
Thursdays: Our donuts are available @ Wheatsville & Monkey Nest Coffee
omg I'm crying!!!
In n out burger by my apt has a 45 min wait for the drive thru and 3 cops directing traffic.
SO much better (darn right fun!) than I thought it would be! For JB, anything!XO
i hate puzzles, they confuse me too much
I should of worked out with oomfs this morning..
An asian version of "where's waldo" would just be a lost cause
:o you're worse than me! -.-
Q2. I love setting my own hours and meeting new people through my biz
fishers eifs contractors, fishers eifs repair, fishers stucco contractors, fishers eifs contractors fisher indiana stucco restoration
Need help with the cost of your prescriptions. check us out... www.rx2you.com
What ever happened to getting "back to the basics" of your #smallbiz? Reignite the flame that got the fire started in the first place.
I'm a great match maker!
So I having a really good day at wrk! #Unusual/NeverHappens
Independent Video Channel..IVCTV.NET..We do music videos..not news and gossip but new & independent artist videos!
we hope you enjoyed your meal this afternoon! You'll have to come in again sometime soon to try our daily specials.
Haaha! What's the occasion again? Oh! Being single & awesome. Duh.
Need to get that A aha
"Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most."
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions Id give mostly all of it to help cure cancer
im here for you no matter what!
i am bout it doe op
Favorite new word/typo: Wagner's anti-Semantic operas.
Signage at Boston's South Station makes Penn Station look like a model of clarity. I'm in some hellish underground netherworld.
Mwahaha has been invited to play SXSW.... thank you SXSW, we are very excited.... see you there.
Just had a grad student stop by and speak intelligently and helpfully about my project based on my #USIH post. It was awesome!
Ryan Blair's new book is a must have!! "Nothing to lose, Everything to gain"! Go buy it!
this weekend involved bowling, cooking, hiking, horse racing, and lots of video games. ahhhg american life outside the grind!
that's the pre-existing confition that causes jazz hands, right?
Fasho bro lets get it
and are
OMG RT : Spending the balance of the evening translating bananagrams into Ukrainian. Peace Corps life is pretty awesome sometimes.
or not... Lol
Portland is going going crazy at this Schoolboy Q show tho....
Don't be so sure we disagree on everything. I'm in favor of nuking Iran and the death penalty and keeping Gitmo open.
SOMETHING FOREIGN TO ME? GIVING UP
I hope so!
Great night at Beso with :)
Crime after Crime extremely moving, inspiring and a story of hope.
Congrats to #Kogod Undergraduate Professor of the Year, Casey Evans and Graduate Professor of the Year, Michel Robe!
Nneena Freelon and TS Monk are discussing the importance role jazz can plan in our communities & schools tonight at Reston Community Center.
Dont mind me ill just sit here and eat my boring granola bar.
I'm going to punch you next time I see you..
let's do something this weekend ?
will do! I'll have to find my straw hat!
Welcome my dear! Happy to know you're on!
haha, Trust me you'll love One Tree Hill, the show got picked up for another yr, it's going on strong on it's 9th season!
snap back with my city on it text back with your titties on it. When stupid songs get stuck in your head
we should have joined him on his quest!
You can take Joe out of the Osprey office, but you can't take the Osprey office out of Joe! Such dedication to the blog cause!
So we finally made it to 130 likes! Lets try to double that in two weeks. Ready GO!
Sounds like your next CD Album cover
God damn it! Why would USPS have a food drive and not tell people until the night before? Failure.
March 22-25 we'll be at the Society for Photographic Education #SPE 49th National Conference. See you there!
it's always a beautiful day to beat the land thieves.
Best DC cupcakes: Baked & Wired. Hands Down.
Have you included Gen Y in your strategic planning process? Why not? Could be smartest thing you do in 2012.
Oh, yes: important clarification from : on April 20-21, 2012 to be held at
I wish Facebook and Pinterest supported animated GIFs. Get over yourselves.
I would love to, once I save up a bit. :)
Me with teal hair?
LET'S GO FLYERS PUT THE FIRE OUT IN HELL
Amy ~ FUN is an understatement ;)
Time to find out the new NFL schedule this season on ESPN! GO JAGUARS!!! I hear we're getting a Thursday night game...
Manning picks broncos!!!
The Silk Tie likes Evan! Cant be described in a nutshell with out the word tie, thesilktie.com
sjdhbdciwkdkpfkeksmjdkskdj you're doing a collab? :'')
WARNING...WARNING: This sermon today...I'm already shouting!! I love God's Word! Don't miss it! Bright Star Church 735 East 44th St. at 11AM
But no excuses. We are going to make it work!
whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Exclusive ticket giveaways! Inside scoop in concerts & events! Join the NM text club- text NM to 21947.
dont let the dissapointment be the excuse to fail.
I'd like to #WinAMini because my baby LOVES splish splash splosh so much that I need to capture her underwater adventures :)
I think I'm gonna like it...the tough ones are always the best. I liked a lot A thousand splendid suns and by moments it...
LOL, it's a fake feed. While I dig the real Babs, the fake one is much more amusing. :)
Moms get a free cup of coffee at our Krispy Kreme this Sunday! RT us if you're a mom!
Celebrity Apprentice Time! Meatloaf, 'Lil John, John Rich, Marlee Matlin! Let's bet Marlee wins!!!
Who's watching Game 7??? Insane game right now. Lundquist is playing great!
#drinkingsig is where you'll find your kindred boozebrarians at
you read wrong!😜
"No patience can contain this - All human joy is precious - And I, of all, should know this." ::wye oak::holy holy::
Penis galore at philharmagic
Thanks for a wonderful screening in #Evanston #Illinois w/ Neighbors for #Peace on Saturday! Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Joe Margulies!
That was supposed to be a bump for collaboration but I remembered how annoying Paul McCartney's post Beatles music is.
just realized I might be in Toronto that weekend faaaaack
This is me. RT : "Sacrificers" like to overwork but don't feel appreciated. Show them some love to keep positivity up.
In a separate court case, Wisconsin's Voter ID bill is found unconstitutional...AGAIN!
I think if I go to NYC next weekend for my bday should throw me a bday party or at least give me a LOGO mug as a present
explain that to me then.....
6 THINGS I SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I'm ready to go home!
Happy late birthday!!!.. Followed<3
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass.
not really in the mood for steak today
LOL. Very bad.
“: I miss ugh school almost over and I can't wait to see u and face” aw
“: Change is inevitable and a person’s ability to adapt to change determines their level of success. –Joyce”
Latrine & handwashing prog entrepreneurial: Villager builds, pays small commission to sales person, users stay healthy.
Hey, , , and -- please go have a weekend now.
spoke too soon
Church is your chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app
I live a despondent and soul-crushing life and my passing will be mourned by noone.
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
it's gonna happen. I'll let you know when to come and get it!
How was I never following ?!
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
I just got diagnosed myself! I'm still waiting on insurance to approve my medication and in the mean time it sucks! I feel ya!
I actually laughed out loud at this. RT Nyjer Morgan is obviously just testing out his new persona: Tony Helen Keller
16px Georgia font and responsive... LOVE it! Oh, and I guess the rest of the design and "generate-box" are nice too. :)
Come down to The Ice House in Pasadena next Sunday to have some laughs, drinks and network!! Let me know if you need comps!!
now I am even more jealous! ;)
You are too sweet!! :-) YES! You need to swing by the office for lunch in Dec! WAY TOO LONG! xo
another hot jetdoll.
If I had a gun, I'd shoot all the fake girls at my school. You know who you are.
Why is still at work? Yikes! I hope you're off tomorrow regardless of the most trusted name!! : )
All James Bond movies are less interesting now that we have the Internet.
I guess that means we are done
MUTHAPHUKKKKKIN STAN PERRY!!!!
remind me not to trick or treat there-i want candy not bones :D
not cool. eBay Sellers have too few rights already
Monte Carlo is a really good movie
DM We have a solution in development any school district should be able to afford. Is there a way we can talk?
Your the dumb one, we're sitting here laughing at yo bum a**!!
Stomach talking to me and I didn't think I was hungry 😳 think im finna go to the other 🏠 and cook
Very successful first night in the studio!
Me and should work out soon:o
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
couldn't agree more.
However girls still look better than guys.
Sons of Anarchy is on! Shhhhhuuushhhhh!
Big Alex shouldnt have canceled.....
I think I may be free Tuesday!! I will text you & we will plan something :) :) :) so excited!!!
What 2 shows do you have in the festival? I want to try to see them and interview if we get a chance
"play it loud, they get use to it" my pops advice for new parents
How did your Giving Gene get activated? found her moment when she became caregiver to her cancer stricken mother
Good morning Pets for Vets DC followers. If you're in the DMV, we're expecting a wintery-mix. Finally some winter! Drive safe today.
. UpstairsSEA is now open, Tue-Sun, 5pm-2am! Craft cocktails & good times! Follow & RT to win $50 gift card. Winner picked Fri.
Martina McBride on the #stagecoach heat: I've got a feeling I'm going to look like Alice Cooper before the night is through.
for real
you'll do fine! vegas is so worth it!
Great to hear! I bet you can't wait to finish it all to move on to being a prof.
Oh and we're here to see graduation:)
A3: i use powerpoint because that's the program i know the best.
Thanks i do need more followers
now let's do a better job educating our kids before prison
I know this is NONE of my business. but did bella and her bf garret breakup? im just wondering cuz its starting to rumor over gossip sites
It wasn't bad, I liked it, but it doesn't compare to the original! You should give it a chance.
Are You An Independent Artist?? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!!!
Good! Growing, releasing more games. For Android. Heh.
Hey mama I need your assistance in something! Super random lol Ill DM you
Subway for Lunch <3
We stuck to questions the community indicated they wanted to know more about so we didn't get to it unfortunately.
Coffee and donuts --> cocktail reception
Freestyle alive & well thanks to #PopNlockBeatMix going down now till 8pm! #Booty #Throwbacks #FreestyleFlava! PUROSanAntonio
day drinking is so much fun with u but 4Loco makes it so much better!
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
yea she is maintaining and thats a great thing. I heard you were ill. How are you doing.
I'm from Baltimore originally, but I also have an internship for the summer :)
I just saw it !!!! I never get this way over him !!! But I yelled out OMGCF !!!!
This guy
Getting ready to post some more tour photos. Stay tuned!
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." More Swanson wisdom is born.
what happen?!?
Dear NBC's Parenthood, viewers do NOT want to see grandparents fking. It's just ick. The rest of the show good good...
#Magnesium keeps arteries flexible and helps for #heart health. Doctors recommend taking #vitamin B6 with magnesium for better absorption.
How did they go??
no why whats up?
You have a beautiul family!
Blue Nile tonight, going to see some friends tear shit up.
Live streaming for those eho have it updated for day 2 #phillyete. Refresh your browsers!
NOTHING is more awkward than when you are in an argument and IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ARGUMENT YOU realise that you are WRONG. O_o#
RT : #shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
It's already time for bluebonnets? Or do I just need to get out more?
Is it hard work being so fabulous?
when someone tries to sing along with a song & doesn't know the words.
I know! I'm the best at those.
Great new website !
you always get home this late dont you? i get home around 4 from my bus (:
I'm in the shop tomorrow bro lol...
Our Pleasure, it's great to connect!
seriously get rid of Gasol, he's absolutely garbage...soft mushy garbage
well, there's no wifi in the impala. :)
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's. But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Being in the top 10 works wonders. Underdog or not, the rankings don't lie this late in the season.
That game exposed the weakness of the O and D lines and Ryan's inability to make plays out of the pocket.
TWITTER ACCOUNT Karen__Holmes IS NO LONGER ACTIVE------PLEASE JOIN ME AT NEW ACCOUNT Karen___Holmes (3 underscores) Thank U
Booze Camp is not a fan of champagne. And when I say "Booze Camp" I mean me.
#SAYSOMETHIN = AMAZING<3 AH I love you Austin Carter Malone!<3 ツ
Ok so Lindeman's-infused cheesecake is probably the best thing ever.
love today's post . you always keep us up on the latest trends. every girl has to check it out..
when you have to put lotion on every 2 minutes, you have a skin issue. See a freaking doctor and stop smelling up my office!!!!!!
You sound like Michael! He is anxious to start the third today.
Woot! Thanks for the #FF! I hope your followers find some great deals!
So D3 on Inferno just looks like a boring slog through trash and bosses, until they run into an Arcane enemy and everyone dies over and over
I don't even know anymore...
Incredibly candid exchange between extremely powerful people (Dimon/Bernanke) tiny.cc/b2tfz
I'm looking forward to seeing you on
Clippers won Niggas was Doubting Them LETS GO!!!!
Just when things were looking up you said it wasn't good enough, but still we're trying one more time.
"If someone told me I had a worm head I'd be like THANK YOU SO MUCH!" - #Waitwhat?
Good question! I don't know. I guess I'm point-centric.
Pisses me the hell off man.
Awww RT : Happy Mother Day to the hottest, most ambitious and hard-working Moms on the West Coast!!! and
Thanks for RTs and follows.
Getting hit in the stomach breaking up fights lol BRIANNA
IS the small business financing you're looking for debt financing (money you borrow to run your business) or equity financing.
Us East river kids have fun too!
if the bourbon starts flowing the night is going to get weird.
F7 ends the inning.
To do is to be [Descartes]. To be is to do [Voltaire]. Do be do be do [Frank Sinatra].
Many who plan to seek God at the eleventh hour die at 10:30." - Unknown
I don't know... Bc I think they were all too little- should of asked j Lawler for his opinion
thats right Never say Never(:
looking forward to seeing escape routes tonight in the atl. Mural challenge. Team black. It's a wrap.
We have 5 large and 2 medium t-shirts left. DM if you want one. $15/ea CD's are $5 but we only have 5 left.
Hi -- we are following you!
Haha... I'm trying to keep learning from the best over there. ;-)
I'm in agreement with the lack of quality. I also know the laziness with which these events get organized.
so what's up mahomies? :)
No plans for #StPatricksDay? Join the party for live music, authentic Irish food and drinks!
Justin would be great if I follow
I always get nervous when the account calls.
aye hit me up
I think you had a bad day
lol yes it is and I miss you too. How's Colorado?
Odd, this new Sleigh Bells record doesn't sound unlike KMFDM...
Remember that time you had 34 followers?
I honestly have no idea what is going on....
I'd be jelly if I was 12 and waiting to hit puberty son
Oh you treat me like crap for no reason, and expect me to act as if I have no feelings and be nice to you? No, that's not how it works.
All night in the studio now coffee is my only salvation this morning...Just keep telling myself...almost done.
is shouting out all te alcohalics! Linx encourages everyone to drink responsibly.
s/o to my sista eveybody go follow her like now (:
Good luck on your exams today, morning students!
my class needs to be quieter they are seriously pissing me off.
Wonder why companies send out spam emails during Thanksgiving weekend. Don't they realize that I, live everyone else in the world, will ju…
YES!!!! Trent Reznor won the Oscar. That is why he is pure genius in his own right.
you were never broken :)
S/O to President Obama down here holdin up traffic!
pick anywhere :p
dear twitter quit gettin me in trouble in class...... dont send 20 tweets at a time wait until i get the first 10... sincerley, girl in DT
Third-world kids are bad at sports trivia. Donated shirts lead them to think the Yankees are playing the Phillies in the World Series.
Gotta love Primanti Bros - a Pgh staple. Best when followed by Dave & Andy's.
Just a quick note. Just because you start printing t-shirts that doesn't qualify you as a "new brand". You're still just a screen printer.
; alright im out finally lol.
dude....are you going to San Diego or what?????????
Follow us on instagram! 👍
Heyo! More people in analytics demo of the website than the 's.
Feel down the stairs. Awesome. Carpet burn. Sprained ankle. Bruised ego.
ur more than welcome
sounds good :)
LOVE WAS MADE FOR ME AND YOU!!!!!
You guys are going to be more than fine :) Hopefully you'll continue to keep your fans updated?
Damn I been busy ! But I'm back on this shit :)
Was greeted outside my home with a "good morning sexy" >.>. <.< ... O.o ME?!?!
i sent you another email girl ..did you get it ?(:
wheres my breakfast......
Best part about a CSA: Design constraints on dinner.
That sounds good! Where share we direct further chat to plan and confirm a date?
tonight was good
Honestly what kind of chance do you give Rusty to win in Milwaukee?
HI Lou! All is well. I'm working on a new project -webseries and website- so I'll be back with a vengeance when that's ready
HELLO TWITTER, IM ENJOYING THE REST OF MY NIGHT WITH MY LOVELY GIRLFRIEND,
I thought you were playing golf? Your schedule is busy busy
Who ever is saying rumors about me needs to cut the shit...
Sorry for the confusion - Venice in Italy is where my wife and I want to be from Mon 24th - Wed 26th (2 nights) :-)
AS HEARD ON ABCTV "Butler says it's (his hand) not going to break any f urther.. I'm playing!". #Warrior!!
You confuse me so much. #WhatToDo!?
Worst advice your Mom has ever given you...
Saint Francis Xavier~ Give me the children until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward.
what is that based on, a Rolling Stone Readers Poll?
Who Lies About Being Pregnant ? Thats so Over Rated && Just Simple Bruh Forreal
Would a 75% full hard disk cause server crashes? Mem & bandwidth usage looks fine. Our primary domain is eyesviewmedia.com.
My first time waxing today !!!! I was yelling and all the ladies at the salon were laughing !!!! Also got a hair cut !!! Looks pretty cool !
Tweets Tonight >>> Aha , Got Me Rolling !
I always end up djing high af smh not a good time
Sounds awesome! I need to stop by your shop again and stock up again, you guys have fantastic products, some of the best in Milw!
Universal is gonna get ya.
congrats! you go girl! i'm jealous! are you working out or on a special diet that allows you to indulge in holiday favorites?
Wow the ending to season 6 of skins was beautiful
..dont quit to give a hand, be the one to a one, feed a hungry, ease a pain, love a lonely heart. Oh!!! Thanks a million.
Successful March of Dimes commitee meeting this morning!! We are putting together some great auction items:)
I know this is a little "my diamond shoes are too tight", but there are TOO MANY MEN messaging me on OkCupid. I don't have time for this!
Snow is in the forecast! Stop in and see what we have in stock to make that a forecast for WINTER BIKING FUN! Hell yeeah!
lol why? The waiter avoided our table
i want this truck that's across the street.
Do you think Pinky every received brain while trying to take over the world?
old school marketing is the new craze in my biz... conversion is crushing online marketing by a landslide --> getting-off-your-butt works!
“: prove it or shut up!”
Rip steve jobs
That's pretty kewl cuz chad!
Dammit, #Avengers, now I want shawarma.
Been drinking water upon the gallons before we have this crazy bike cruise tonight
depending on who cooking or depending on who you fucking. I think chicken better tho
Just saw Demi Lovato's music video for GYHAB. Wow! I'm speechless! That girl was flawless, beautiful, and singing her heart out. Loved it <3
Yutt that's more like it
had a relaxing few hours at the pool!!! got alot on my mind, alot of decisions to make...
Hey new followers! Lets do an ice breaker, whats your favorite song?!
yes it is!
MT : "We don't want six tables. We want one table with many chairs at it." -DNC Mayor
sending it today by email!
Not impressed by Minaj ... it was supposed to be dark (I think?) but ended up being tacky dark. Not original.
Today is going to be special, I can feel it.
hosted a fab cover story party for Mayor on Thursday. I love how he always brings the focus back to Chi youth!
He told me! Hope they're enjoying the heat RT : My sister said she just ran into your dad at the La Quinta resort ha
yes ma'am
How awesome would it be if a cheese steak magically appeared every time you clicked "LIKE"?
7:41 left, #LBSU 53-54 UNM... Casper almost brought the entire house down with a deep 3 that rimmed out.
Sometimes it makes me wonder, where would I be..
did she really?
He works me hard in dreamland.
We need a beer.
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
call me maybe😌
Break To-Do Item #2: Prepare actions if negotiations don't result in middle ground! All issues don't cost LAUSD must give too!
you are a beast!!!
Check your flights first if you are flying into or out of Chicago tonight! Hundreds of flights cancelled at O'Hare, and 60 at Midway!
have a great day beautifuls
Hey NBC 5 reporter Anthony Ponce here - wanting your reaction to Telander's article for evening news. Please message me...
How do dogs love to walk when humans dread the thought
yes we open at 11. Am I actually going to meet the person who spawned you?
You're welcome and TGIF!
If you've had the chance to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on our FB page! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
Coming up in about 10 min. a look at the proposed Lloyd Blocks apartment development during the 4pm news.
Celebrating National Charter Schools Week with other state support organizations in Washington, D.C.
dont give me that lady gaga poker face. face
Give "My Ohio" a listen. It's newly mixed and mastered - ready for release. Also, thank you to friend and collaborator, Matt Long, for...
Rep. McMorris Rodgers welcomes Grant PUD's , who is testifying on the Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act.
Finally got to experience the lobster roll that everyone has been talking about!
emily emily emily
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems. - Patrick Star
Hi Bridget
Fresh cuts don't come for free. Sorry folks.
he's coming to tomorrow night -- 50 steps away from my library. I work that night, I'll have to pop in!
My watch is amazing -- I am amazed it still works.
#beaggressive #hustle At another wrestling tournament with Evan.
funniest misplaced condom moment yet :/
My mom just put on Boyfriend by Justin Beiber. And Kaitlyn is singing to it. Lord. Take me now!!!!😲
#nowplaying bar 9 strung out.. on my drive hm yup :p
Hahahaha! :) Not at all! That was really the only jawdropper for me....and it ain't happening.
Cutting BGs and sound effects on WW2 drama, "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." Working with a very talented sound team!
You all should come play Louisville and hang out.
Apologies, it was the $3.00 Standard Tournament happening tonight. The $15.00 draft is on Friday at 2:00pm! See you then!
AND i napped today. gahhh
It seems that Facebook PPC bids rise every month. Some keyword bids are more expensive than AdWords!
What are you reading? I usually just look at the pictures :)
I don't know. Think your boys are in big trouble. KG wants this one bad.
the clouds!! Haha, poundin' the pavement, searching for tutors! How's the weather in LA?
Having amazing time hanging working with Russian Artistic directors and Managers at Flash Point. Laughing, exchanging and learning.
Morning Norm!
It was put out by Winston cigarettes.
Kentucky Kingdom under new management
Birthday cake in a little <3
can't wait!!! are you going to do a mini market again???
Customer Feedback: wanted to let you know i got my sushi and i was very pleased, i will definitely be ordering again. and again. and again"
oh you're welcome. Can't wait to read it!
I been fuckin off too, I got fat bruh. When I get to bout 190 I'ma get ripped again
bwaaaaaahahahaaa!!!! #collapsed. It was very "Ashy" for lack of better words. Urs?
that's not true. I use it all the time! ;)
is wondering when the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals will rule on whether George Ryan should be free on bond during his appeal.
his name is Allen. Ya wanna know where I found him? Under a tooth.
Crazy night in the STL!
Where were you? Or did you whip up this seviche at home?
“: bitches aint shit .” and they ain't saying nothing!
This is me...
Woke up a smile on my face :-)
Had an...awkward phone conversation with lol
Excellent point that many institutions can't digitize for preservation- too expensive in process and storage.
Thanks Colleen. I blame daycare. Naturally, the kid is fine but his mother and I are both out for the count.
Ah Lady Ashley ... Hope All is Well with thee... I Bid You Ado! Enjoy The Remaining Light To This Glorious Day
tho julie walters kicked ass as usual. shes so adorable
I'm partial to Riordan's Tavern.
Patty Mills started and had 27 points. Tiago Splitter had 26 points off the bench. The Spurs, without the Big Three, beat the Suns 110-106.
Happy mothers day to the best mom and the 2 best grandmas in the world. Grandma Judy, I'll never forget you. I love you.
Just because I walk like Obi-Wan Kenobi You people talk but you dont even know me, but thats all right cuz i get down with GC
If you are slowly easing yourself back into reality...it's a scientific fact that pasta, pizza, wine and dining al fresco can help.
he's still in it. Without Oosthuizen's double eagle (first there since 1935), Phil would b just one back..might still pull it out.
#HolidayOpenHouse today until 6pm: Free mulled wine, Samples of Local Gourmet food, Wine Discounts, Gift Ideas & More. Cheers!
Word Nerd Fact: The opposite of (or antonym for) "noble" is not unnoble, or imnoble or disnoble, but, IGNOBLE.
Want proof that pitcher W-L record is bull spit? Yu Darvish tonight.
so where u from?
wish I could have seen that!
mom. She's helping me learn self control! Yay go mom
Looking for corporate sponsorship for 2010 Santa Monica Festival! Forward suggestions to
“: 5 extra points for helping the teacher carry doughnuts in #illtakeit.” you kiss ass lol
The Harbour looks extra fresh today...
hey yuhr ike so gourgeous and i would love if yue followed me back and how was it too meet justin bieber???? :)
Oh system updates, why must you take so damned long?
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative...
Spent a little too much time at target this morning... Off to la jolla farmers market to find ingredients for this weeks
So proud of you and happy for you, congrats and I love you!
Congratulations! You won the RT contest and $250 in free service from
at a boy
Very disturbed by a chain e-mail. So uneducated it's scary, it said something about how the sun moves around the earth...says the bible.
Done with heady glass tings. Now on to beer tings!
everyone thats following my follow my new account
Okay, so I can't have any choice in the matter, and MUST view things retweeted by people or by people rting stuff?
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW ME
Technology lets the economy grow/ Bob Solow
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!! :))
thanx for the shout out in #ff! Hope all is good!
I think I might appear in Ohio this summer... Surprise my gramma an what not ^_^
Good night all this day of work has come to an end.
McGraw-Hill Education is offering five of its ten Everyday Math Games Apps for FREE on February 7—9, 2012
Was she ugly?
Is that dude on the Mentalist tonight one of the banished dudes from the superman movie?
Receiving severals students coming from Argentina(my homeland)for intensive coaching and training.Nice to have them here.#The circle of Life
The road to success is always under construction.
lol. Is okay you're my dork :)
Eric took some cool vid's of some Flamenco dancers at work last night... Can u post them? I would luv to. Retweet it
You can go ahead and put me on the list of geeks who teared up watching the #HungerGames trailer.
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
Looking forward to the INMA welcome reception kicking off in an hour.
I had an alarm set for the austream and everything, im not going to lie im upset.
Have a Good Night.....sleep with the angels and remember, I love you with every inch of me......
of COURSE auto correct doesn't work when actually needed #literacy #spellingBEEchampNot ;) what's the #vegan place? Hyc...
sounds wonderful!
At this rehearsal...This goes further than the music
happy ROCKTOBERFEST! who will we see at the Bluestone tonight?
Getting my wisdom teeth out next thursday....... COOL
Giddy Up
i love you.
My hair is really dark! I like it though. :)
You can always count on the pot smoking wackos in Oregon and Washington, almost forgot California. Not main stream out here.
For building muscles & bulk the rest time between sets should be longer. For more endurance & leaner muscles the rest time is shorter.
even better!
Thanks for the shout out !!!
Well, I suck.
I wasted My whole day on School & Track...
"With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope you guys are still awake and alert! May God refresh you until you can get some rest. God bless you guys! :)
Tommy. U at the game?
this sucks ='/
yeah can't wait for Ice cream
#NP John Legend Another Again **swaying**
i will be doing a show may 18th at the mad frog message me to get your tickets now
I always seem to underestimate the number of details involved in completing a project
Ohh there was a sweet yellow one that was recently donated. I think I'm gonna look for it. Oh & by the way, you're welcome! =P
If I had a dime for every time someone said, "I'm not a people person"... If you want people skills, then be a PERSON!"
Your The Only One That Make My Fairy Tall Come True !
S/o to She's so beautiful & amazingg [;
it is under construction right now... www.marshalltitusonline.com
Choose between a politician or an artist?! No question, Gosling!
RT Weston's Marcus McCauley struck out 6 in a no-hitter vs. North Crawford last night as Silver Eagles claimed a 2-1 win.
Exodus 20:12 Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the LORD your God is giving you
+1 from me! : A special shoutout to that curly haired girl at , aka , for the coolio party at tonight!
Morning/afternoon Hon and how are you????
Happy#FF lads!
Why is it that I've never once read a tweet by ? Ahem...
Been wanting to go to Farm Basket for a long time. Might make it happen manana.
The shout out of the day goes to !! Please follower her, true #arianator ^_^
TDKR > The Avengers
