They seem to do some renewal checking post-22, but I don't rly understand (& not sure I trust) their review process
What are the best technologies to promote collaboration in large non profit groups like bar association? #abaclc. Dropbox? Others?
Good morning beauties.
We don't stop ϷĹāγίηԍ because we grow old; we grow old because we stop ϷĹāγίηԍ. <3
RT : The problem with people who have no vices is that you can be sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
Great! See you at the Theater!
Any school records ?
would surely create a "Urticaria Index" or "Urticaria-gate" were there to be some sort of sports itching scandal
Angelina Jolie's dress can only accommodate 3 legs, max. That's why her 4th leg has to stick out like that. She told me this on the phone.
Sydney Bleu coming into Boston @ Venu this thursday night please contact us for guestlist or table RSVP 2019377807
No Laird. We are the 99 percent.
Preach, preacher!
What are some places to hang out before a Red Sox game?
Special appearance today on Fox News at noon! Tune in for Wade in thr Water previews!
Going to hear tonight in Buffalo with and ! :-)
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. ~ John Quincy Adams
I promise it wasn't personal! :P
What did you think of A Moveable Feast?
Hey Toni, are you available for coffee next week at all?
thanks my man
My ex? Yeah I'd still hit that. Only this time it'd be with a car or baseball bat....
Thank you for sponsoring #FRPAA! This legislation will help the U.S. to stay competitive in education and applied research!
beyond annoyed with ups.
so no one has a formspring? ok i feel like a loner.
Neti Pot success...
I just want something real...not something built on lies
you having too much fun!
MT : #Bachmann says #Obama must answer questions on #Libya: For example "where is it?" || Let's start closer to home: NH? MA?
I'm not ignoring you. I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first
": Who's 1st?" Let's nominate and focus on one member to make an example of him/her for the rest of
Couple of years ago he was running for president Yesterday he was on same plane as me Tonight John McCain appearing on David Letterman show
I c
do you officially have a c in your name these days?
i'll save you ♥
U may be upset, but talk to me girl cause i gotchu
First a fake clinical trial, now a fake peer reviewed journal...what's next...fake drugs?
staying in Orlando for the most part but I can always come back for a weekend :)
Just rel to love!I will RT you
Too bad my friend joseph has no twitter "/ I miss that punk!
Jacquard loom point-paper and punch card designs remind me of bit-rasters from digital signalling channel data.
Who wants to come over and watch the game? Tip off at 11
Diabetes experts from EVMS and beyond are leading Turning the Tide on Diabetes conference in Va Beach this weekend.
is in Grenoble, France!
It just does ok :p
what's good big bro?
dude... Your spoken word gives chills, #fuckme that shit is unreal.
:-) well I understand the nerd tendencies haha so it's all good!!
I walked in the door and Violet yelled "Big Daddy!" (that is her grandma's cat) This is her way of getting back at me for leaving last wknd.
Common sense is not very common
Cleaning house.....in a totally delirious mood
Just Started Beyond the Buzz! So far, great perspective on conversation vs presentation PR, esp. the more general the audience gets.
#LAThtr #FF New Rogue tweeting artists from #WhereTheGreatOnesRun and & from
glad you're enjoying Hamlet's! So am I. Hope your talk goes well!
Let's be honest... our kids, all of them, are spoiled freakin' rotten.
V-cube captured the Health Care Reform event yesterday at the LA Chamber. Soon you will be able to see it! Stay tuned!
I miss the old days... specifically November 26, 2011
Thought it was my imagination it seems colder than usual in here...until I opened the carton w/my lunch in it & I can see steam
Missed you yesterday, but I'm here in the store all day till 5 pm. Come by and get a free Dr. Pepper on the house.
Seriously epic chat going on right now in #torchat with amazing YA writers !
He's gotta realize he's already behind on brownie points bc most RedSox fans think Tito should still be in Boston.
Tipping 90 this weekend! So glad #BroadwayCab is air conditioned for your comfort!
Eatin IL Vicino,and a drum solo like Kieth Moon!How are your Apps.
Help me help #Baltimore, contribute to my campaign right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thank you so much!
That's how we do it here, Nick. #Redsox Win! Goodnight!
How do we let the rest of the world know about the Madison we love? Great discussion with Marsha Lindsay and Deb Archer, CVB.
Good luck!
When I see ads for "Gun and Knife" shows, I mentally add phrase "and Tiny Penis Convention.".
Follow me first and let's decide together.
ah are you having a crisis? Poor baby
I no every1 does! I tried everything! I tried for meet and greet at z100, for izod,beacon,& MSG but had noo luck!:(
Well, hey fellas!
I BELIEVE IN MIRACLES......YOU SEXY THANG;)
oh really
By the way, the final tally for #SexyResults attendance: 427. None of us expected more than 250. THANK YOU.
~that's good they get a vote. it's just hard seeing other cities get shows that my arena should be getting.
Thinking about Baltimore - all the time!
probably perfecting his muffin recipes for all the "please stay" muffin baskets nick will be finding on his porch all summer
TRUE. However, it seems silly to pretend hetero white male privilege doesn't exist.
yeah but he did an asterisk for Rose, like if he was healthy maybe they were gonna win haha
RT : #CUNY Brd of Trustees well-heeled picks of gov & mayor. CUNY students r majority wrking class, immigrant, ppl of color.
R u certain they were cops or Mo's paid security? Hubbie is retired Houston firefighter/cop and u still have options!!
what if on twitter you go by Meggie? It's so much more endearing.
Yes, Kate Smith is an awesome Radio promotor. She's going to work on my upcoming record.
Good morning Beauties! "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." -Walter Winchell Enjoy your day!
Off to Grand Performances!
so sorry we missed you! could have sent #houarts koozies and t-shirts! guess we'll save it for !
Legends are born in October. Totally about baseball but I'd like to think I was included in that group.
anyone up for a game of #KissKillFuck ? -briana
no, I have an iPhone but I'm a huge technology nerd and have watched reviews and stuff on them!
Video Marketing Strategies – Take your Network Marketing ...
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country
love you :)
RT : Chapter Four is all about skateboarding, advertising, and branding. From skateboard to billboard: Hardcore!
We can also make custom shirts for your business or sports teams!!!!
Mid Afternoon Shake Break - Black & White (chocolate and vanilla mixed).
I want kenkey then
you can download it
The book of face just asked me if I knew Sean Combs...thanks for the foreshadow Marky Zuck
So many ugly people lmao
Currently Recruiting Angels for an Upcoming Event In ATL if U R interested in becoming an Angel
Memo to the fellas: Strap up or pull out. Memo to the ladies: Ensure that these men Strap up or pull out
oh I remember that. You had that wiffleball working wonders.
Knicks will be in NBA finals, of course.
seriously. I can't find one person in LA who's remotely interested. It's disheartening. :*(
The black loop smells like the inside of a keg.
Nocontact from NTB. I have since had the vehicle inspected by an independent & it appears NTB has done very poor work for me.
just called me a home wrecker haha
Dreadful August 8th.
but u can dance like vinny
After a glance at Urban Dictionary, let it be known that I am "pleased, proud, or happy" for /you/.
Be brave, be strong, live long.
yay new episodes! :)
You know, for a girl that doesn't work out, I have a lot of work out clothes...
Took a nice long walk to the SMFA and spent the day looking at Artist's Books.
its sent bruh.
That was us! You should've come over! Oh well, we'll try it again soon!
#NBA #BOSATL RT : I wanna reach 100 guys, come on!
I only slept for about 6 hours last night, but it was uninterrupted, so I feel more rested than when I sleep 8+ and get woken up by the cats
Oh yeah >=} RT: Lmfaooo oh yea ?
To act as if you know don't know whats wrong when with someone when you played a role in both the cause and effect, tht innocent card <<<<<<
Wednesday is *Kids Eat Free Day* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! Bring your parents and have some Acme fun!!!
Just give me something to believe in.
working a new song. Loopin' up a storm.
when do you think they'll announce the time...what a tease to tell us what day but not what time!
This might mean we have to lower our rates with such stiff competition out there LOL
This is AWESOME....
Hopefully tonight turns out to be entertaining.
- THANK YOU for spreading the word!!
I cannot clean unless I have my music blasting throughout the house 🎶 or else nada will get done
Who even buys 20 bags anymore..
are one of those unemployed protesters?
Going out with my girls, looking cuuuuteeeee!!! :)
Haven't been in the school building for 2 minutes and i'm ready to go home.....
Cookies and milk!(: haha yum.
Trying to get it homie...
"landi Kai the ritz" literally rolling around in a sandbox
We had the Cards as him. I think the Cubs are Webb.
the self/sings alone
follow ___________ _________wow he's just AMAZING he's like the greatest singer ever
Dr.Who: 'The Shakespeare Code'- a different Dr/good episode. Shout out to for recommending earlier eps.
#4HOURS3MINUTES37SECONDS i'm going CRAZY HERE!! Fkfhjfitghgjiohjfk!!!
your logic may be the truth, but I like to think I have magical internet haha
#kidscreen Pitch It entry number 3: Chugga Chugga Wow. Mixed live/animated preschool interactive game - play along at home on tablet.
I know i hope somebody saves her. Maybe she got the tape loose from her hands & can swim. I hope she will be safe.
The Really Fancy Shmancy Place... what's it? o yeah. The Krusty Krab
Well, when you put it that way...
Thank you for RT. I had a blast visiting the JAHQ during
Great night at the #SundayJazzLounge (aka Matt Ripps) crushed it!
Sounds great! Just indicate that you are one of my "friends" and I will add you that way! I look forward to connecting!
Why are loglines more difficult to write than screenplays? Find out after a word from our sponsors...
I'm in need of a new All Time Low shirt to add on to my collection. That would be shirt #8? Or 9.
*Eyes slowly closing while reading.*
that game was crazy. As much as I hate it, paul pierce went in
Anyone interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel & Mideast, is warmly invited to follow
“If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.” -Robert Kiyosaki
Happy Easter......That Is All....
cant get no better than this...... a broke ass ankle!
taking an opportunity means taking a step without too concerned about an outcome of the process. you just commit yourself to each step.
oh shit I can watch it online!!!!
reflecting on teacher appreciation week, and i can't single out just one teacher. so many have had an impact on me, my goals, my life!
what was you drinking and can I get some of that??
No mentoring today so i decide to to go work on my sax solo.well choir is in class right now and hearing them just assures me a made the ...
yo do you have a contact on Kris?
If played at the superbowl id actually watch it
HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE TO-DATE!! OBAMA'S SUPPORT FOR #MarriageEquality IS JUST SO WONDERFUL FOR US!!!! IT GOT BETTER! GAY IS OKAY!!
perfect morning for a hike!
yep, needed that one
Have a joyous, prosperous, healthy , and prayerful New Year!!!! God Bless You!
congratulations on level 59!!!! :) Please re-add me as a friend on pandanda... please. GRATZZ
Everything is hockey and I don't care
I learned this! It's when you tweet something about someone (generally derogatory) without mentioning them by name.
why I thought you liked them so you don't eat them
If you truly listen to 2 Chainz you would realize this nigga says ridiculous shit.
Got my first project back from a vendor today!
In the studio!!!
hell yea, we takin the world by storm.
let us know what you think... hopefully the scoutmob discount doesn't make the crowds too crazy
Thank you for following me!! :)
good stuff!
Aye ma salt rinse worked!!!!
Happy Asian New Year!! =)
Holy shit, "winged it" on my acct exam last week and got a B!!! Hell ya bitches
It's worth it if you travel a lot and can get the discounted membership rate
ha thanks
Went to a "Black Thai" event last night. I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
Couldn't have wished for more perfect #chicago weather. No way am I staying inside.
Pls. RT FB etc. First step, sign up for Twitter. Second, turn on your location for your tweets.
Today I fielded emails from Seoul, Stockholm, Uppsula, & Little Havana but haven't gone more than 20 mi from my house in over a week
When I get on the bus ppl will recognize.. "that gangsta is ballin', yo."
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
Why are banks less keen to lend to Welsh businesses?
The USCIS's duties include national security, process of citizenship and immigration services, and relations with customers.
Looking for any kind of grammar on-line games or interactive sites, please help.
you forgot the ">>>"
It's only a matter of time GOD please keep me from going insane so I can see the Day come
My metabolism and my tiredness are ridiculous. I am so hungry and falling asleep.
RT "All this is the way to the destined reign of Troy. Thank you, and fight on -- always!" -- C. L. Max Nikias
...and some gum. I got gum too.
Oh god here we go overtime or a bulls win. I don't like this situation.
Thanks for the follow back. I wonder how much students at FIU are being impacted by excessive tolls on their commutes.
I could be your #PersonalShopper. I would find the greatest deals!!!!
I can't sleep tonight I am all wound up.
the office is boring without steve carell
the new Tallest Man on Earth is amazing
lmaao mad jelly rn..I ate my stash;(
Links to iTunes, when you're referring to particular track or album, turn into iTunes download links for non-iTunes users.
It's a sad day 4 the profession of acting when moronic untalented swine hav romances w/co-stars.Hello?It is called acting!Be a professional!
Currently trying to find a way to rob Peter to pay Paul so I can order a big, gooey pizza for dinner tonight. I frickin' deserve it.
everyone goo n follow shes so awsume =] HURRY go n follow =D ppwweeaasseee
i can but sumtimes i cant
This Wed at 2:30 pm: pre-event celebration of our July exhibition. Unveiling fragments & raising a Bedouin tent. FREE to the public.
Apricot tea is like drinking potpourri.
Loving your retweets from first generation college grads. Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning. :)
Neither I am...I haved both nightmares and good dreams, but usually have to wake up durint the good ones!
Highlight of was meeting at #ArgoTea (oh & all the great films of course!)
smh. It would
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%... unless you're donating blood.
You don't have to hate the player nor the game if you don't get involved! Tricks are for kids!
Hi! I know. Long overdue.
Mahinmi has quietly become a reliable NBA center.
S/O to my new followers and
The world as we know it is a different place thanks to Steve's vision and leadership. We all learned something from him.
hahaha ppl are ridiculously not right:P
"American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything." - Carrie Underwood <3
Let it go, man.. it's only a quarter.
I think we are going to go with The Christmas Gift - El Regalo de Navidad for our VIA project. Thoughts?
NFL draft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
I am incredibly impressed
Rick Stansbury may be a Kentucky native but he's close to being un-welcome round these parts.
Heeeyyy! Thanks yall! I appreciate that so much!! #DID!!
Losing weight! YAY~
$100 Bucks if you dont laugh
The Official MC Competition tonight in Philly - doors 8pm -
I do not understand what you mean by that. I assume it's pretty clever.
are you not coming??
Hey Suzy, thanks for the follow...hope you get your workout in to start off your week right!
#Brides! Still looking for a #venue? The has an OPEN HOUSE on SATURDAY from 10am-2pm!
my sister insists that I tell her where I'm going but when I say nowhere she gets mad. I can't just take a shower?! geez!
Low-paying workers are effectively subsidiaing museums
I wish, did my normal Presidio loop this morning.
RT : Service between #Newark and #WTC operating with a 15-minute delay due to signal problems.
::squeal!!!:: congratulations! I hadn't seen the news. So excited for y'all...that little girl will be so loved.
Yep, does he Tweet? He and I have discussed stuff. I suspect we will hang when I am in CHS this summer interning.
Exactly what im feeling. I feel chu.
gigs are comming thanks to peeps like you:) be a fan@ Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues/rock,
expecting some mall quality photos
My rooms gross!! 😣 i'm coming home and cleaning all day tomorrow👍
So many great book-to-movie adaptations up for an Oscar this weekend! What's your pick to win? We loved The Help & The Descendants!
Yeah, but lucky was more like a "role model" Britney I'd prefer the "out of her cage" Britney.
Delighted to have following me. #architecture #criticism #historicpreservation We missed you at last week.
thanks for the insight!
NBA Playoffs 2012: 5 Burning Questions for the Oklahoma City Thunder
Red Sox lead Indians 4-1 at the Top of the 7th Inning
Just met a true playa
Okay so imma finish this essay by 2 d:
Thank you so much for all of the glowing recommendations!!!
Happy Easter everyone! Hope it's a good one!!
": What is green and has wheels? Grass. I was kidding about the wheels."
Looking forward to a good discussion
Hi ladies, exquisite shopping @ DPC!!!
Tomorrow's ReadAloud 3-4pm Thompson Library features President Gee! Come hear him read from his favorite books!
New Concur Report Provides In-Depth Look at $50 Billion Worth of T&E Spend
In-house video producers can use outside production companies for opinions to improve videos or provide a faster turnaround.
oh ok??? That sounds cool <33
Phone been dead all day n I ain't feelin that
Zimmerman Said Trayvon Tried To Attack Him! All He Had Was Skittles. Tf Did He Try To Do , Make You Taste The Rainbow ?
Ready to finally read Stieg Larsson's books
You are making me sad with all these #sadtweets :(
seconds after it is decapitated
Unless your job is crucial to the actual survival of the human race itself, I would simply not show up for work tomorrow.
> listening -Thanks!
hello! Thanks for reaching out. Are you enjoying #socialmidas so far?
I can't believe I figured out what that guy was asking for.
Haha, my point precisely.
hell yeah
why won't my mom reply I want to go home
Timber, Jimmy Jacobs and the Barking Spiders are entering the building when a car skips to a stop in front of them.
RT : #SocialMedia By making a customer unhappy in real life they might tell 5 people. Make them unhappy on the internet and...
A4: I can do solo but prefer to speak with a partner like or as part of a panel.
Not revolutionary? Taxes.
Thanks for the RT, Robert! Kevin
awesome! Will definitely tweet about this tomorrow at a decent hour! :)
The force you use to turn off the light in the living room from your computer. Have you gone over to the dark side?
hahaha me too!!! I figured I may as well get I over the fear now
Wish we were in LA running on Dunkin'! Oh beautiful bayous. RT : #FF Wish we were runnin on here in Louisiana!
That awkward when the only french words are the lyrics to "Lady Marmalade"....
Only in print: May 8 - Daily Ardmoreite Only in print: May 8 Daily Ardmoreite By Staff reports Wilson Christmas lights exceed expectation
Great meeting you too! Thanks for the love!
Happy birthday, Adrian!!! :) Hope you're having a fantastic day so far! I'm a fellow Aquarius :)
are u guys coming to Draft? We have some new plans in the works for our INTL broadcasters that I'm going to share soon!
Just tapped, Dry Stout (replaces Brewing Imperial IPA)
yea i keep bein told.i didnt think yall would. i miss yall so much i havent laughed the same without yall lol
Now I just need to get this portfolio presentation over with…
Has it always been lit? I walk my fair share around this city at night and have NEVER noticed it before!
I'm listening to music and nothing now. Someone made me happy. Hehe. >:D
Hi, will be exhibiting at AWP, come see us.
Can we all agree to throw "under the bus" under the bus?
By mastering essential audition skills, you'll raise your confidence and free yourself of an attitude that's in the way of your success.
Funny how people are starting to tune out of 's f8 stream now that their CTO is out talking to geeky developers :D
better get a wedding invite Nicca!
Great first day and with ! Can't wait to get going!
what is #TheSolution?
So I hear album is coming out in September
Gonna kick him till I need new shoes he`HE`HEY!!
Can you follow me back please!!!!!!!
Hey Short Fuse!
He's straight aggravating. Hard if not impossible to root for him
Umm you are from Sandusky, Ohio? Tommy Boy is my all time favorite movie. "Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug."
RT : RT : Forgetting whats behind me and move on -
That's just sad..
Hey Eva! Saw that you followed us! Have a great day.
What is this world coming to?
You are my life.
you arent far. I can make that trip
Right, as strong as I am I wanted to cry RT : :(
I agree
lol happy early birthday
Business, sports, education, and basketball!
Yey!!! Just send us your address so you can get your North Face backpack, courtesy of !
FOLLOW BACK :-)
It is Persuasion by Jane Austen!
Hey you should go punch your sister 15 times since only 2 people punched her today
Haha not being contentious at all. Hope that wasnt the impression you recieved.
RT : RT : If you have something to say about me say it to me.
Thanks to Gloria Kwan, Proskauer's Recruiting & Diversity Coordinator and #PENCILPartner for helping with yesterday's Partnership Workshop!
I want to go to SoundWave!
Yes, I was a little juiced over Boozer's 31 point outing!
I want some
Just tapped, Spire Hard Apple Cider (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale)
Thanks for your support!
Cats wld be Top Story if had UNC issue. Wait, we are. ": tired of everybody but UK getting free pass”
now, I could pretend to know what that is and say GREAT...but in reality I must ask: what's tarmasalata?
Remembering how mad my mom was last night, she almost took my phone. And she wasn't even mad at ME! Wtf
I wish that was an option right now.
oh! We're on 3D shapes, just finished them.
I voted a couple weeks ago
U welcome love :0)
You have to keep 1, erdan, harangody or hollins who do you keep?
if you smack the light off a light skinned person they become clear . lmao
The hotter it gets, the more I sweat, the less I care. I'm literally sweating empathy, must find AC.
"bibliographic rapture" at CDL today!
Please pick 2: V-Jax, Andre, McGahee, Cruz. Thanks!
Jared Weaver no hitter!
Today we wish our curator, Tim Nisly, a big, happy birthday!
Two great casting offices this past week, so kind and fun. Make the job so much easier.
I didn't realize it was 1am. I work too much!
If Bucks go 500 in the East and dont make the playoffs - it will be the first time since 2004-05 that a team went 500 and didn't get in
Good dunk bledsoe
I didn't teach you that in Spanish class! Ha! Hope you're having fun at the film festival!
i wanna see that new owl movie ; just soo i can listen to Owl City <3
Tell your fashion friends to follow ! It's a beautiful life when in Purple.
You are very beautiful!
Everything is great there! Never had a bad meal. Could live off their cornbread alone.
Little black dress and sequin heels kind of night.. its Friday!
Hopefully he'll come around. I had the harder time with my mom surprisingly.
Embarrassing confession time: I have a giant bruise on my ass cheek.
real sore right now, summer workout is killing me
John Gerzema has found optimism, resiliency and opportunity in consumer trends
thanx for the welcome!
Tick just crawlin on my leg
Nothing is ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good idea. I like how Tagxedo can make the could into shapes like the high heel in your post. I don't think wordle can do that.
thanks for follow! Looking forward to reading your blog. Need all the #gardening guru advice I can get!:)
I been thru the best in life and the worst... But nothing compares to the pain of a broken.
Jorge Klor de Alva of the University of Phoenix to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Out gettin lunch#chinese food
Life is just so much more fun when wearing a SpiritHood! Which one did you get?
Dream Big and Believe! The best advice I ever got. How about you?
Looking for #slpeeps with experience in #ABA or similar approach in the #Miami area, please RT
we hope so. It's supposed to be fun. :) we had a blast. I'm sure you could tell from my intro video I tried to do. Lol
This might be one of the best soundtracks ever.
Mikulski pressures Harris, Bartlett on U.S. Postal Service overhaul
Yeah, you're right. We should all leave the safety of our own home after calling the cops to shoot people dead.
I know the difference when I speak, but sometimes when I write, their distinctions get lost. ;-)
#Paranormal Portal to a Parallel Universe
#kids The Perfect Audition at Arena's Performing Arts Centre, Sat, May 12 1:00p: The workshop is designed to help your child learn how to...
It's cold!
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -Andrew Carnegie
hmu if you wanna be one
her goes randy
Well lunch was too fun. They gave us an extra 2 bottles of wine for free. Now I just need to hide for a sec so my cheeks stop being soo red
you just got Ronaldoed
I'm craving Lou's pizza but I can't eat it
RandomFact: Justin Bieber was my 282 follower. He followed me in April 2010. While he was in Austraila.
Going home and going to sleep💤💤💤💤
I didn't get my homework done because my dad had me picking all the tomatoes from the garden because it was supposed to frost.
Thanks for listening chelmusic!
Liked. :D
Why do you adore me?????
Walking through the pouring rain. No umbrella.
Royal wedding captures the attention of Chicago seniors
yep. Get on twitter. What is the course topic?
can u plz tell towanda that her hubby is a lil "how u doooooiiin!" my gaydar is going off!
If you're not asleep, you're awake, and you're probably angry. Wait.... #occupate ?
RING OUT AHOYA
H-U!!!!! The #Bison #OccupyHomecoming with a 35 - 28 victory over *previously* undefeated NCA&T!!
Boys have attuides just like females but even worser.
"Oh hey, look, is that my lord and savior being beaten and whipped and crucified by an angry mob? Awesome! Let's call this day Good Friday!"
what u got up today
yes Tagalog!! It's my favorite
omg right?
It was a blessing to see that many people at my grandma's service. Had to pull extra chairs and still had people standing.
I'd be in; I totally see why playing is fun (esp. w/Romo). Maybe you 2 need to teach me why watching is fun...
'Sometimes the best thing a Christian can do...is take a nap.'
it pisses me off when theres no damn food in this house
Can you please follow me? I'm a HUGE fan.
Almost blew it there at the end... Good last stand.
please follow she is you biggest fan!22
uh no, I haven't.
The NY Knicks are 5+ games out of a playoff birth... :-(
Hey Reggie! mentioned you were on Twitter! Hope all is well! xoxo
Runners, To increase your pace, speed up your arm swing.
naughtical is comin back to the burgh
I will die for you!
I dislike teenage girls, they are constantly pmsing and taking it out on me.
s stylists daughter. Harry went swimming with her Xx
When eating pussy, don't be a pussy
Thank god all the girls on #BigBreak this year are hot.
If you can't find the sucker at the table.. it's probably you.
R.I.P. Mark Edward Lenzi July 4, 1968 – April 9, 2012 Two days older than my older brother. Gone way too soon
I just saw the #monstermash video! U guys were awesome! :D <3
I got a big bone alright RT : Husky? Don't you mean big boned?
whats good out there today? Hit me
I heard the queen got a haircut
Hi *smiles*
Im way to picky.
All I ever do is big, so all she wanna do is Big.
12/30/2010 Who Gives a Tweet: MIT Researchers Build a Hot Or Not for Twitter TechCrunch
Dont forget LGBT night tonight! Free STOLI from 9-1030pm DJ starts 4th Stoli Dink and Son of a Peach Wheat beer in on US!!!!!!!!
The show must go on....
Facebook: server capacity/dev time to push every inane notification everywhere! Sync’ing viewed notifications between devices? Crazy Talk!
& : some wild & crazy guys.
Great job on the #OpenGov panel today! Really enjoyed the conversation.
I need a new wardrobe..
So tired of reaching out to somebody who doesn't care. I've been there for you for everything& all I ever get is dodged im done.deuces
Of course. But fair warning. At least two men in pajamas at Four Barrel this morning.
#Its2012WhyYouStill taking pics of ya money, or flashing it In the club pics..GO sit yo broke ahh DOWN
I want to go shopping.So many cute styles!
Best way to enjoy a Sunday!
I’m into tattoos and drinking ‘til six Fucking ‘til nine, sleeping ‘til twelve And going back to my homies with a story to tell
Uh oh the evil cough is back. 😔
I saw a hobo tumblinq on the sidewalk..... And I thouqht,"Oh, such a wonderful siqht! What A classic Hobo."
Loving the deal for
I feel like spring is finally here
Is my new hero. She uses the subjunctive mood in tweets.
the less you expect from people .. the more you get
Shheeeiitt!Hour& a half? ya`ll must travel well together.takes u bout 30min(unless everybody is asleep).
Lo siento, I have forgotten. I know several of them have seen though c:
Things I Yell At My Co-Workers: "Are you talking about rap music without me AGAIN?!"
Thanks for noticing me and giving me the reason. Take care :) bye pretty
Thank you everyone for all the donations toward #tornadorelief! We are no longer accepting donations. Thanks for reaching out, OKC!
No, you dont know all of the song if you only know the chorus. Dont distroy Outcast.
RICK SANTORUM is hanging UPSIDE DOWN on the cross because he was wrong about 7 out 8 colleges don't offer history courses. NLD Mom.
Thinking about what TED-ED could mean for PD, parent ed, and students...myriad opportunities!
Mrs. Louise Waite is in 'Abdu'l-Bahá's reception room at the Plaza Hotel. He calls her Shahnaz: "songbird".
Recreate your future to suit your desired lifestyle. All else will follow.
I think I kinda want Clint Eastwood to be our next president now.
cool so you getting more famous for it ?
#martiansVSgoblins yea buddy
My Kingdom for a #followback! :)
Keep it up “: Some people say I tweet too much. Comments, cares, concerns?”
We still have a few spots open for this summer's SAT Bootcamp! Program starts on July 6! Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details :)
What do you think, draft Nail Yakupov or Trade for defense and/or a goalie? Also hope my Pens meet your devils in the ECF!
and So are and on the same page on water pricing/conservation?
Oregano oil! Help me kick this congestion.
Excited for Leni Zumas's reading tonight. If there's any justice, decency, & intelligence left in the world, The Listeners will be a big hit
Mine too...let's hope it is worth it...lol...glad to hear Scandal was picked up for Season 2.
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
I think when Lady #Terps win tonight we make Lady #BallSoHard Torrey edition Ts for the final four. What do you think?
you guys do awesome work
Most #RBNY fans seem to be in support of the trade, citing Agudelo's lack of PT & improved defense with Pearce.
Heading back down to office 2day2 help finish sorting #Emmy entries 2morrow we watch 2 make sure they play then ship for judging
Hahahahahahah carlos lee
Kinda weird to review the box score and not see Fielder's name there.
we love black moths. And you.
Followed,follow back please :)
That Awkward Moment When You're Watching Tv W/ Yourr Dad And A Condom Commercial Comes On. -____-
☼ No man is free who is not master of himself...
Getting ready for our new class July 6th...9 day, M-F from 9am to 4pm for $409!
Nina Simone's Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood is the best.
The pieces and $10 entry fee aren't needed until Wed afternoon at the latest.
we do need to pray in private, the scripture bits against public prayer r bout long make me look good prayers
Sounds like a fun place to work!
Yerr....wuts poppin i fucks wit ya one song ....hit me up fr colab i got big ass studio... www.myspace.com/mebruklin and tweekstud
thanks buddy! Yes, our meetup is overdue. You around this weekend?
thanks!! Well be Ragin tonight!
you just used them in the same sentence :P
hey how are you. Still trying to connect with you in regards to my producer Ric Rude. Give me a shout when you can pls
Valk: Activists understanding movements as separate even when we see them as overlapping. #ncph2012 #
#ThingsILookFor REAL People!!
Heart breaks and promises
At some point, I'm certain Nicki Minaj will recreate Killroy Was Here on stage.
I just want to go to a beach.
Just goes to show, don't be afraid of failure! Go for it! You miss 100% of the shots you don't take, so take a shot, go for it!
I'm really feelin' these eggs right now!!!
Don't let her google your doppelgänger, Dan.
Temple Grandin would be proud of that translation.
Man, fuck you.
well seriously I think it's incredible. Congratulations to you and you wonderful wife.
HAHAHAHAHA LMAO, magic fingers (if you know what I mean)
Automation session - after excellent practical demo, incisive discussion for how Sierra might be automated. I hope I hears him!
I actually have spider senses. I could be watching TV, reading a book, all of a sudden I'll look up at a specific part of the wall &ugh
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi~ Truth never damages a cause that is just.
The silence left us hanging, while we lit up like the fourth of July.
this shit be so fucking gay i swear...
Starting off the morning with some live jazz! JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
I'm on vacation, and it's about time!! At the beach with my family for a beautiful spring break :)
I just wanted to say. I enjoy your work and always have. Keep up the amazing work.
Until you hit the next winery. I give it a week, may be two. ;)
John Rich in Memphis today at ST Jude Performing "FOR THE KIDS" ♫ ♫ ♫ ♫ ♫ Buy song on iTunes and the proceeds fo 2 ♫ ♫ ♫
Love it!
now you listen here, ima give you advice and your ganna like it dymmet !
No more Y.O.L.O. I use F.I.S.H. :Fuck it. Shit happens
Vanilla ice cream and cut up mangos <3
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  1
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
#greatadvise NEVEr fly again ..they r a joke airline that loses bags and delays flights ..consistently bad
LOL either way - nothing wrong with that. Unless you like Chick-Fil-A
#np dead and gone, TI and JT. I feel like this song is crazy underrated
'Bout time, fatty!
This week's show live from Ft Myers. Yes, there is a buzz about the race down here. Sun 7-9 pm on 95.9 FM
A very BIG "Good Morning!" right back atcha!!!
Love when folks call themselves the best producer ..... I just find that funny
LOLOL. I DIED WHEN I RED UR TWEET.
Dinner, #Rays game, and family in beautiful, balmy St. Pete.
North Carolina voted to ban same sex marriage, but why would you want to live in North Carolina anyway?
And on the third day, he re-signed again... Book of Timmy 3:16
Other than "hangout" feature your left with, less. I like minimal/clean/streamlined but why use/switch? What's motivation?
The Lakers trying to do something, I see.
Falling asleep at this ceremony!!! am I missing anything?!?!
I want to get some black rims for my baby<3(:
Went to Nation's Burger tonight and had a giant cheeseburger...it was great!! Damn the calories...you have to have something to live for.
no problem!!
Eating breakfast with Yes, breakfast! Long night, late start!
I'll be in Chicago July 3- 10th!! that's some good news!! ;)
fans: practice your turnout while watching the show in frog pose (lie on tummy, knees out, soles of feet 2gether)
Rondo dislocated elbow, and said "its no big deal, just a little stiff". He is a beast tonight!! AMAZING!
i was so sad that vinny wasent there
It's alright, hey lawdy mama, it's alright
Wait first please follow They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity!
Brew Zoo, better than expected. I will be back! Thanks zoo, breweries, and sponsors & anyone else involved....
Happy 23rd Birthday, Live It Up Extra Hard Today and Don't Stop Doing What Your Doing! #TeamBreezy For LIFE♥!!!!!!
Wishing I could help my mother. I'll get her out of this slump one day
Hey it's Gary B on before at
ok no. Your picture should be of me and you.~
sure. Let's try to find time during lunch.
If you haven't entered our Twitter contest, you're missing out! Tag us with #luvuplatoscloset for a chance to win a $25 gift card! <3
glad to meet you as well. Keep em coming!
what up Brudda you know what it is I got a lot of work to do
ha. Way to find the silver lining! Love it...
And Death God Rest Her Soul
Turn them into the happy little kings of the undersea world as advertised! So disappointing that they're just brine shrimp.
#ylgbootcamp is my favorite workout
i love rap music why do you ask?
Who's helping out at Big Sunday Weekend this weekend? I'm about to get mine on! #BigSundayWeekend!
I disnt wanna be cliche, so i bought my mom a bag of flour for mothers dayy
220 music y'all.
You left your Hello Kitty backpack here, ass face. P.S. Nice record. RT Not as easy as it looks, huh ?
These shorts make it look like I have a bonahhh
RT : bout to have a heart attack
does MSET have an official twitter tag. I don't see much.
happy birthday eve to me :)
Runyon beat me down yet again. We meet again tomorrow stairs (aka my nemesis)
Hello Everyone! SolisEnergy would like to welcome Shawn Turner as the new Manager of Marketing and Development!
Lazy days!
Same wavelength. ;) lmao
I texted you.
I still think Britney should've performed Trip To Your Heart while wearing those wings in the FFT finale
what are y'all doing tonight?
What kind of drink specials do you have tonight for people looking to watch the #Brewers vs. #Mets game?
Gotta love March Madness. Let me hear your picks???
Tomorrow is 7months since ryan dunn died it does not seen like it has been that long he will be missed!!!:):(
Think about it. Obama is the most chill president we've had. He's attempted to fix what took Bush 8 years to destroy.
Thanks! Hope you're successful -- lemme know if they don't and we'll fix you up.
How do you even respond? "I am most passionate about music, movies, junk food like meatball sandwiches from wawa & certain kind of candies."
well sometimes Im busy
is cute i mean i would love to hug him all the time but with i would kiss them
thats awesome:) none of my friends use twitter lol:p so where u live?
No problem :) Local PR ladies, unite!
It's amazing how telling my story increases my blog traffic.
Excited to be donating LOVEPOPS for the Federal Club Holiday Party! Proud to be associated with such a great organization.
So nice of her to let me sleep in today.
thanks we appreciate the tweet!
Gregor Blanco is saving this team.
Back at pottery! Apparently, clay dries a lot faster in Atlanta than in London. Need to develop new strategies...
LMFAOO!!! WOW! THAT WAS AWESOME:)
vacation is good.
Mom, food sounds really good right now.
Rail Runner riders: What do you think of 1 to 2$ price hike for day passes and one way trips? Or 4 to 11 dollar hike for monthly passes?
team too tight>>>>>>>>>>>team meatball
they still turned out great! probably the best recipe i've made by far!
you wanted me to hit you back
ah ill figure it put i guess:P
let's go
I knew the Mets would struggle to draw fans, but shocked at how much trouble they are having selling out the opener. Citi is a great venue
"Of all the earthly music, that which reaches farthest into heaven is the beating of a truly loving heart." ~Henry Ward Beecher~
For sure Let me fly my g5 down to south America and get you some fresh natural coffee
Good morning! Have a blessed day!
thanks for the digits. Expect a text soon.
That's great to hear
You sure do attract some nutjobs Hal. Oh wait...;)
Now you fucked up, now you fucked up
OMG pretty little liars!!!!! #SHUTUP!
Attending AFM in Santa Monica this week!
oh yea kid
Coworker singing gospel in her office and I can hear the outta tune squealing over my radio... Not cool Lady, just not cool
You always have to plan for the future. Thanks for the great advice!
Who's joining us in the sunshine in Miami Beach at #GOA2012? 29 days until opening day! Mar. 1 - 3, 2012
dream (juelz santana) // & cameo (method man)
Per Plato “you can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.” Ask us about a #LegoSeriousPlay demo.
what are you talking about???! your so pretty!!!!!!!
Amen RT Thinking of all the the men & women in the military who have lost their lives in the past 10 years... deck.ly/~veWz0
Experience is the teacher of all things ~ Julius Caesar
Lol I've been late every day this week Omg xD
I’m not perfect and don’t live to be. But before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean.
Your most welcome! I enjoyed reading it. Good luck on your path. Have a beautiful day!
So I realize I've been pretty single minded lately with this #1k1hr stuff. If you think my tweets are bad, you should see me in person.
Where's leap day William?
Listening to Pandora while doing research can be pretty great.
Finally February! Only 16 short days until the Clubhouse reopens and we can see all of our great members!
I feel u I'm bout to be all z's in a few
What's the role of luck in greatness? Ch 7 of Great by Choice book answers this Q. Jim Collins
homework sucks
thank you so much! You are awesome and helping us get closer to our goal! :-)
i did it in a minute.
Kickin' it old school today with Nine Inch Nails.
#FCdish hey guys.... all ready for some holiday ham????
Wonder if the Journal Sentinel will report on their own mass layoffs? They report on everyone elses.
For those in the general public interested in learning more about the clinic. We will be leading a tour tomorrow at 9:30am at
because I want to feel like a badass for 1 more day -- this at mile 55 into transition (cc )
ME is Me Don't judge Me DON'T CRUSE ME OR GET ME MAD CAUZE YOU WON"T LIKE IT
I want either chili cheese fries or deep fried pizza balls* *vegan, of course.
Prayer means opening my heart to God in conversations with Him that I would describe as real and loving.
yeah we are looking at it...I agree seems like a DST issue
It's Wednesday you know what that means, time to plan for the weekend! What's your plans? Where should we go???
Congrats on the next step. Let me know if you're in DC and want to talk Tech geek/wonkyness over beers
right lol? The moment of helping a sophomore with his hw -_-... Si proud of him, he did his work for the very first time!!!!
Hipster girls shake your ass
Seeing at work >>
Thursday's luncheon tasting to feature Scallops PLT. Count me in to taste and tweet. Join me- apply at www.TasteTweet.com
The Older i get the Wiser i get .Justsmellsogood www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
i mean, horrible shit happens there on the regular. couple years ago 17 yo kid was shot inside an all age club on a wed nite
Thank you.
RT : On the radio with Steve O'Brien this morning in Beckley
huge congratulations to Fernando Varela who won 2011 Latinos in Social Media #LATISM Award for Best Artist #socialmedia :)
Thanks for the follow, you had us at The Killers and new album! Have an awesome day!
that's really unfortunate to see. stay classy seattle.
whatever works for you is fine by me doll
The two-year-old woke me up at 5am which must have done something screwy to my sleep cycle because I'm a puddle this morning.
#nowplaying Alex Clare-Too Close getting some more packing done bluugh
I'm kidding lol..its ina song
Math fry's brain cells.
It is absolutely unbelievable how much better I feel when I work out in the mornings.
will always be
You're welcome!
why isn't Santos closing, he is the only consistent guy in the pen this year
of course it is unless you are running to the donut shop
where are you from?
funny Ass Hell
What is your favorite Infiniti Model? According to Google the Infinti G35 has the most searches....
Thanks Daniel!
Franklin gets the put-back dunk and the #Aztecs lead 51-34!
The way made me hustle down 3 steps and walking through the wrong door lol smh
Thankyou for the fine reporting :)
Come to where your senior portraits are all about you, not someone else. We work hard for you!
salad dressing
I see this.
This is great!
setting up a trend as a strong second half guy
I'm only $2 and I'm a sure thing.
Facebook is so boring
Yeah exactly! There just so perfect =)
4 weeks until the 30th Annual Ft Worth Home&Garden Market Jan. 29-31, 2010 Interested in exhibiting? www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Whoa. That Was Fast. O:
love your posts! Keep up the great work!
Get real.
but how would you transport him then? Ha
I think you should take that a sign to just back... away... slowly... from the comments.
& wouldn't know what to do & the next thing I know is i'll be arrested for sexual harassment. Lol jks.. I.. wont.. do.. that..
I accidentally bit my lip); Will you kiss it to make it feel better?(;
I feel ya, my man. Short term memories, ftw!
Vanessa Hudgens: Salon Stop with Mom!
I told her i dont want her a fan just because shes my wife.. shes asked for a year..
Actually I think he's smashing the breakfast table, which came out a few minutes later split in half.
Good for you!
So I've decided not to run for president today. Mostly because I forgot I was yesterday.
What a great #MononBell game! Way to go Wabash! And thanks to those of you who stopped at the Wabash vs DePauw chili throwdown.
RT : This pint of Guinness is not only delicious... Also contains 10% of your daily requirement of Guinness.
Thank you for sharing the story. We are extremely proud of Ella and Gary!
Isn't that refreshing?
my pretty pix cumn son!!!!!
Painter is horrible. I'm hoping Brantley shows potential so Painter is released before the season starts.
Cleaning Up About to Cook For My Mom ;-)
We still don't know their schedule though right?
GO sms. Now that you mention it maybe I'll go try and retrieve them w/ a different app. Not that my phone has memory to dl another.
My mom just killed her iphone
Just found out #SWV came out with an Album in April. I should listen to it. Might be good
following now, thanks guys for linking me up
I am. How did you know?
CutLoose has a blog page, to be used to keep in touch will all our great friends and clients...check us out at cutloosetx.blogspot.
13 seconds of action. Time for another commercial break.
my weave itch ... ima go pat it brb
why isn't Real Madrid going to be one of the teams to be In the #FIFA12 demo?
"Welcome to Good Burger. Home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order?"
Another awesome episode of #TheGoodWife It's the best show on TV
Awh I love you too
ned to skype with your auntie in #RVA she wants to see whats going on wichu so give a time/day that works, k?
- You're welcome. You are amazing - hope to make it to u r NYC show this month :)
definitely going to sleep early tonight!
If you look on any of our brochure template pages, there is a customize and print button that contains all our pricing options.
It's the #FirstDayofSpring What are you doing to celebrate?
Perkins is gonna throw soft ass Bynum all around the post. Ibaka is gonna shut that Gasol jumper DOWN. KD's speed & length will annoy Artest
Universe: 1 Me: 0. Traffic, rain, flat tire, heart burn. Try again tomorrow.
At this Wed's formal meeting, the Youth Council will vote on a resolution to encourage fed reps to preserve interest rate
Wait a minute wait a minute it feels bomb outside!
Wilshire Country Club fireworks are the preppiest fireworks
good luck! :) x
Someone wake me up at 7 so I can watch Iron Man kthanks
Anyone know a good DJ in the Lincoln Park area?
Thank you for donating a $50 gift card to our Auction for Action! We are sure it will be a hot item this Saturday!
I put on a smile, but on the inside I'm dying.
Although Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, Spring Field Trip Season is almost here!
hey whats up
Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think...
on SVU! What a great surprise!
That's what I get for hittin them streets!
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
Good Afternoon to everyone
just to say congratulations on bringing out such a wonderful, honest and brave you tube explanation about those claims....
Relationship Aint for everybody
Image would make a great poster. via via
r u a grandpa?
Spongebob: Patrick, you're a genius! Patrick: Yeah i get called that a lot. Spongebob: What, a genius? Patrick: No, Patrick.
Officially a fulltime make-up artist. I've resigned from my safety net, day job and now have to make it or break it all on my own. Yikes!!
A quick way to tell that you're non-profit culture is OK: How often do people burst our laughing?
happy birthday to my best friend haylee! happy sweet 16 girl! i love u babycakes<3
Do any historians out there have any timeline software (Linux or Web-based) recommendations? I'm using SIMILE's Timeline now.
lol. Bout to hop on this plane and be in the town !!!!
life is 2 short 2 be wastin time hating someone
Im a hawks fan and was there today, but good season by bjennings and the bucks. they got a good future
what was that app called that puts the pics in frames?
seriously? Wow, why is Gladwell in town?
RT : At the #SFGiants vs #Rockies game, go
was he with an Asian girl? I heard thats my competition haha I have room for Blake Jimmy & the wanted guys <33
Not much. You?
I need you
: How about partnering up w/ to provide "Text-to-Pay" monthly Rent via text message?
haha but I dont really wanna go..
Im leaving twitter for a while. Bye.
Tiffany: "I've been alive for 26 years, and one of the smartest decisions I ever made was eating lunch today." Gosh I love my friends.
Final five who cashed were me, Michael Chow, Karina & Chip Jett, and David Plastik (winner).
Bagged the Colombian and Russian girls' number today at work !
Great game Guthrie, so glad to have you here.
AKA, the Abe Vigoda of the opera world?
here's his twitter account: you can get on his website and watch videos on there...(:
#ChildHoodMovies - "The Parent Trap"
yes they do. they could make a great song :)
I find it a pinnacle of whimsy that two of the top TTs are Beliebers and Directioners Are Flawless & #BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb, hehe.
Happy Hump Day! The weekend is almost here again!
im bored...
GM Boss Lady, congrats on all of your accomplishments thus far!
damn! This one is on fire too!
NICE PIC MY AND LYRIC IZ IS LUVVIN THAT
Enjoyed seeing Felicia Heaton out there today!
Let's go Bruins! Let's go Bruins!
Free Lunch Today. Last one of 2011
Nothing could be further from the truth.
My orientation went good. Hopefully start work next week.
I can't imagine doing that with the life you lead. it's impressive.
Be careful not to "watch television until your brain shut off.." that would be worse my friend.
At this point, I'm actually starting to think I need to take courses in statistics & finance instead of higher ed.
Try upgrading jquery/pikachoose to the newest version and see if that helps.
well I don't know I would have 2 check availability 2 find out
use i forgot my password an WWHO THE HELL IS THAT BITCH WITH LOGAN IM GONNA STAB THAT FUCKER
A new book review on "Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Journey," can be found on "Goodreads."
lol u suck
You too, Justin! :)
RT : Stop into at 9pm to challenge during #trivia. $3 tall boys w/ a free shot!
Yes, a blog is planned. Stay tuned!
i want to sleep . i need to sleep . i love to sleep . why the hell can't i sleep .
Its going to be a good day after all...im kicking this days ass!
There's a lot of words that start with Q,W,E, and R in my paper..... Maybe i play too much league
Just fell more in love with He's NEVER chased someone who's turned down a deal to get them to take it!
I'm in the locks
you are moving?
That won't happen and it won't make sense too much Isolation lol
On Dad's plan till 26; thanks and
I've had enough.
Enlightened Warrior was the best course I've ever attended. What else did you sign up for?
Wow can't wait to release our next round of artists pumped
I need a coffee mug.
Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself
My parents got in a fight while I was out. And my mom was gonna make me walk home. I live in fucking summerlin. |:.
Nothing is too big for your God- your creator! Place Him above your worries. :)
Wow Detroit Catcher Victor Martinez is expected to miss the entire 2012 season with an ACL injury. Tough luck.
I need more friends..
thanks! Great to see the vision come to life in it's final form. Turned out great!
Just male sure you bring your own cables, we don't currently have any.
Peter Konz won't disappoint the #Falcons. Matt Ryan will have a nice mindmeld with him on every snap.
Now to get some studying done! :>
"you guys fucking suck" thanks teach. Always like the encouragement
"adaptation" might not be precisely the right word.
Venus Williams upsets Kvitova at Key Biscayne
How do you change, grow, develop while staying true to yourself?
Harry Thomas sentenced to 38 months in prison. Free until he voluntarily surrenders.
Happy New Year!!!
Make a living by what you get; Make a lifetime by what you give.
On a more normal note...I'm on SUMMER BREAK! (minus my summer courses in Uni) lol
I wish you good luck
Anyone know where I can get a Head Porter bag–without flying to Japan? Looks like the NY store closed down ages ago.
Hey #Sweet girl.. can you give me Shoot Out Please.. I already Foll you..
Yeah...she was like that person that would stay up until 4:30 and sleep until 3...and I am the exact opposite.
Ok sorry!! Guess there was a little twitter delay!! RT : yay i won
Put that 40 in the freezer cause I wanna get bent.
Looks like Ron Artest has a future in the WWE.
I think you meant that you were sitting behind JOHN (me) and Stephanie. :)
Still thinking about this hotel thing for this weekend, I could make reservations for Sat - Mon then cancel them on Friday if I needed to hm
And for smartphones and the iPad. :)
“: I wish we had something like here in the #TwinCities." // The Uni hears you, we have Midwestern roots, a visit?
lol but the expression Indian giver is not actually about Indians from India! It's about natives. Hope you didn't take it wrong..
RT : Have I mentioned how awesome the #GraphicNovel stuff is going to be at #ala12 annual?
.... Why am I still awake?
: Bulls game is important because it's the the Heat. If this was against a less hated opponent, not such a big deal.
I hope somebody brings me kola he's to school though. I told my mommy & my bestfriend. :)
If you would like to receive our #email #newsletter, send an email to with subject line 'Newsletter'!
Well at least we all know she was cold \(-.-)/
can I be antisocial and hang out in the kitchen???
WHATEVER . You know you TICKED me off right . & ilyoo2
Already have one printed off to put in my Fish Bowl here in the Oval Office!
we'll talk about it tomorrow !!!
Fact of the day: Red Sox outfielder Daniel Nava left a ticket for Erin Andrews at will call for three years while he was in the minors.
Today I learned that when a stranger shows up at my door and accuses me of random crazy shit, I get shrill, then cry. Corey stayed calm.
Happy Birthday!
Semester done!!!!
Welcome to our newest teams: Butler University Black Student Union, FCCBG Cares, Just Us and TeamCook. We're up to 53 teams!
thank you, good series
would love to get a hillsong ticket! Lol make them fall like mana!!!
Lmao, yo that lady went in her pocket quick to take a pic of CP3.
#WeWantJusticeForTrayvonMartin Right Now!!!!
I hate the fact we arent close friends like we were before.
what up 5-day weekend
#DontWifeThatChickIf if she's an
because you aren't a BONER
When I agree with someone, it's for 1 of 2 reasons... Either I do agree with them, or I agreed so they can shut up.
answer my text message boy!
Hey, you! What's cooking? Thx for the follow.
Keep tweeting us your fav fads from the 80's... thanks for listening to Luckee's Hangin Tough tour show! Tomorrow DJAK does Magic Summer!
he's getting up there! He can't help it!
"It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see." ~Henry David Thoreau
I absolutely hate animal print prom dresses
congrats today is #Stronger 14th day at
Definite shock value!
never claimed to know you. But class it up dude.
...awesome...look forward to it!!
Make sure u LIKE me on #facebook im a #makeupartist and we have some contests! ====> www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns. Pls RT
Prediction for #TNF: Chargers over Raiders
When browsing the top rented movies on the Xbox 360, you'll quickly notice Xbox 360 users watch a lot of terrible movies.
Just ate a chicken burrito i bought at the carts inside food for thought. Fuck them
Watch tonight: RT : Tonight! "Around the Corner" with John #McGivern features and 7:30 p.m. Channel 10
The Grassroots Conf was an awesome- learned a lot & neat meeting AIA members and staff from around the globe!
A wearable bouquet of flowers - our new costume rentals
as in| it just goes ta show ya
That could have been the worst 4 on 1 fastbreak in the history of the NBA
Also now tapped: River Town Lager, Crispin Cider, and Great Divide Hibernation Ale! Get extra points when you get beer w/ food!
NEW FRESH SOUP! Southwestern Pulled Pork Chili! And we still have the Veggie Scrambler on special! Don't be a fool. Eat these now.
I wanted to volunter at some funeral homes, but imma procrastinator :\
I officially loathe all forms of the word snark.
Finalizing all details for GB Magazine’s new ad in Fashion Valley Mall. Be on the lookout starting in April.
your a daddy?? CONGRATS
It's dinosaur sized! Wow
Ok that's the one goal for #Chelsea Let's Go Red Devils
LIFE IS GREAT OUR LIFE IS NOT A MOVIE IS A REALITY I DON'T DREAM I DAY DREAM BECAUSE MY LIFE IS MY DREAM IF YOU LOVE LIFE RETWEET
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 11
Random wake up
Whata a birthday with my princess at the hospital stupid rodavirus
Dirty South on now
I'm a lesbian
Perspectives IIT Math-Science School. Problem how to infuse arts in the school.
Some schools like MIT and Johns Hopkins even offer Openware classes for anyone to take for free.
My digital point name is trance92071 and by no means have I ever made posts to just bump a thread. And I received infractions
Dear 2012 gm's doing draft see M Williams this draft is full of them ok players but no superstars or players to uplift a team
umm she flipped big time... I'm like grounded from my car my motorcycle my laptop my ipad for like a month:/
OMG! Done with the Hunger Games trilogy. SO EMOTIONAL!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I know. I love it too skate:D höhhö
In the past few days the only things I watched we're the vow, the new twilight, and now the bachelor
goin to the fox and hound after my polisci test today!
GO AND FOLLOW THIS GIRL<3 SHES SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!! AND SHE FOLLOWS BACK!! PLEASSSEE!!!<3
where are you? Let's go see The Avengers!
A simple plot, but I know one day good things are coming our way.
One of the best #ideas I heard was from #ElaineLeibsohn In order to build relationships in your community- let go of your 'EGO'
I totally dig the armored polar bears!!!!! Especially if there's jaw detachment involved.
STOP LYING!
Thank you !
Will Prez Obama Mention the High Black Unemployment or 99ers in his Job Speech? My Guess is No! Will He Compromise with a No Job GOP? Yes!!
So, #wishfulthinking worked! It was actually really lovely outside during what ended up being a 5-mi run. Temps dropped like 10 degrees.
My best relationship advice: Make sure you're the crazy one.
That's not so bad after all lol.
NFC Championship game decided by the new OT rules...
Spam this morning from a "Michael Winslow". Brief elation tempered by a visit to the real Michael Winslow's web site, which is a disaster.
good morning missy!.. Have a great day too!
u I'm just saying ctfu
College Art Association attendance this year: about 4,500 people, same as last year in Big D. Lots of artists & good artist-led sessions.
Half my bottle of Wild Devil foamed itself all over the counter when I popped the cork- wasn't prepared for that!
what are you doing in FW? Which bars in downtown have you hit?
#FF to new followers for putting us over the 3K mark last night. Thanks for making our day!
Wow Oregon is trending. Lets go timbers!
I get off at 730. Text you then.
The more the right dislikes Ms. Obama, the more I love her.
You could be a thousand miles away and I'll still see you when I close my eyes. <3
Why is a group of mostly appointees, many w/ no stake in higher ed, given power to make decisions for us?
Watching #MadMen backwards is crazy fun
[The Most High] God is big enough to care for the smallest needs. - words from My Aunt Sharon - have a blessed day yall!!
Don't get me wrong, though: Lemieux is a hot, hot slice of ass. That 'stache weakens my knees.
RT is the perfect place to study for my finals! Thanks! Good Luck on your Finals
happy happy happy with a side of a few crazies and some tea
I enjoy following you since our presentation together 2 years ago. Sad to see you de-follow.
We have Steak Fajitas for lunch! yum!
With video shoot
Getting un-stuck is a great feeling.
Tonight, start off with a seasonal fritatta – with squash blossom, chanterelle mushrooms, sage and pecorino-romano
no, I'm on my own now.. #ff connected_by
I miss my buddies in Hopefully Blake and Aaron come see me soon :)
are you rockin any dwarfs?
Highly upset
with no phone iight :)
Stomach feels like Ive been shot several times.
#NP Man With Robot Hands- I can't name you <3
Enjoy this year. Enjoy EVERY single day. Enjoy being YOU. These are your moments!! Here's to a joyful, blessed 2012!
yay u changed it. Took my advice
It's Wing Night @ TK! Enjoy 25 cent wings while you cheer on the Aztecs! Lakers @ Cleveland at 4:30 and SDSU vs New Mexico at 7:30!
TA block is really boring when your TA partner falls asleep <<<<
lets go watch the ultra movie on thrusday with the crew!!!
Got my tea order from ...Super fast shipping! Which one should I try first? Sweet Matcha? Wild Black Berry? Plum Berry? Options.
pleasure all mine. Socialite and cool, it's how I role. Channeling of course.
This year went by so fast!
At NPR watching All Things Considered hosts prep for air time in 12-minutes.
ha is anyone, really?
Just saw a guy's shirt that said "talk nerdy to me". Only at IUPUI .
The world seems more complex every day, and though I can't simplify society, I can simplify my own life.
is drafting anti-additional legislation which adversely effects motor carriers.
tell her I will take her Sunday shift
Happy World Malbec Day! Enjoy tasting all different styles of Malbec's for only $12.
If liquor and beer where on sale on black friday my life would be complete for month
You never know...you might even see a Chili Chick or two at tonight supporting our friends !
Can I have one? Please (;
good mix homie
are we?
How would she feel if she knew I wasn't sleep right now??? Lol... who gives a fuck man...
What best and worst traits did you get from your mother? Despite my vow to be different, I see her in the mirror each morning.How about you?
West up
wait... First you'll LOVE each other THEN you'll live each other. Please excuse the typo.
Casey Anthony making video blogs as a blond wearing glasses. So much for disguising herself from the public! 15-minutes wasn't long enough.
luv ur website too! Great advice
and vetoed my hashtag suggestion #WildWestAssFuck no #WildWestAsFuck yes
As Judge Walker stated, #Prop8 "harms the state's interest in equality because it mandates that men and women be treated differently."
Listen to the man!
I know, thanks!! much appreciated :)
We are a full service law firm in the heart of downtown San Diego. If you have a criminal or civil matter, protect your rights! Call us!
My Morning Jacket performing now. Are they like some corporate-packaged version of an indie band?
sitting next to While shes working hehe
"Thou art God, and I am God and all that groks is God." Robert Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
August 1st my automated fox sports fantasy football draft is
Every single car around 2/3 of Lake Calhoun just got ticketed. That's why I take my windshield wipers with me.
And that's not just because Kerry Washington LOOKS hot, right?
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
I like "facilitators" -- that's so true. On so many levels.
When are you coming down for one??
we still good for tomm around 1?
Are you traveling again? If so, be safe :)
Like 10 hours a month. If that.
Come where ?
Tough times never last...but tough people do!!!!!
Whitechapel is the most stressful show on tv! Why do I even watch it?
awesome way to start the week! Can't wait to hear you speak!!
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2011. Hit it longer!
Saul Alinsky, B.O.s mentor dedicated his book to Lucifer?
Are u referring to sloppy seconds?!?! ... Better get used to it ": That awkward moment when you always get the left overs 😒"
eww.. school tomorrow. :(
If I were them, I'd watch my back for the next decade or so.
Let's do it.
More info coming soon! Radio shows will be uploaded to YouTube for your entertainment.
Best player in the game! :) #Clutch ": Kobe still sucked :)"
I never understood girls who put a bunch of lovey dovey pics on instagram of a dude who doesn't claim them 😳
#newgirl is my new fave show
Too bad we are in Seattle just for 1 day, I love the city too, but this is the live of touring musicians
Thanks for the support. Tell Gina that she's out of the top ten if she doesn't read it too. lol
I freaking love breakfast
Happy Saturday brunchers! Wow what a beautiful day! This calls for some alfresco brunching!
someone is eating something with so much curry, my eyes are watering 4 offices away.
Mutual! Hope to reconnect again! You were a huge blessing!
RT I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Whenever a weird guy starts checking me out I instantly start picking my nose till he looks away.
Renting a car for the first time ever, any promo codes or deals I should know of prior to booking?
a tempest in a teapot
i love it!!!! thank you!
chunks of cat vomit lodged in corrugated cardboard
And by surprisingly sentimental, weight-lifting students! ;)
“Dude, why didn’t you tell me I got fat?" "It’s not my job to tell you you’re fat. It’s my job to tell you you’re beautiful.”
Strong Black Men Is What The World Needs. Im Glad To One Of Them.
