Louis: Niall, don't look now but there are 5 sexy guys right in front of us. Niall: Huh? Where?
Awesome blog!
Coke and Pepsi were both invented by pharmacists. I'm thinking Karen should be coming up with our retirement plan anytime now :)
9 year olds that called themselves emo all the time Fucking piss me off do you even know what emo really is?
Olivia. Dustin is comin to get you, theres a tornado watch. It's been spotted 45 mins away. stay calm.
It is always wise to do your research before you present yourself as an expert!
its not lol
thanks for reaching out! I very much enjoyed your words yesterday.. Hope to read or hear more of your talent soon =]
right? He's pretty cute. And I'm a geek. Loved him in Battlestar Galatica
I miss the mountains..
Well then you should never take that shirt off !! ;)
Groceries and laundry....grrr, wish i had a maid because i just want to lay down and read all night.
Excited to have Richmond's own Stacy Hawkins Adams on Tuesday's show ---> Follow her
#unemployed for 2 weeks, life is perfect, wish I could do this every 6 months
: "Much research in info [sci] has focused on...how to help scientists avoid reading." Humanities "data" is not about fact collecting
Big congrats to you! Indeed this is a very exciting time!
Very important to my family!
that's right now to do laundry ugh lol. Hope you're having a good bday:)
hey R thank for the follow. I have to get out to one of your amazing event soon awesome job your doing
because the QB reads the DE before he makes his pitch.. to control option you must be disciplined in your assignment always.
ive got 5 bros and 7 sisters who r all married.so lots of uncles, then great uncles.etc...
i just seen my brother in law at Wonder Elementary. i miss that boy with his bad ass.
hey that makes a bunch of us!
Weekly Special = Grilled Florida Red Grouper, grilled asparagus and Mango Butter
broke a rib?? how on earth did you do that?
People hate for 3 reasons. 1) They wish they were in your shoes 2) You show them what they are not 3) They intimidated by you
Back At home relaxing I should go to bed but I'm not sleepy.. Ill be up for a while
at least you are heading on vacay, I have to get up at the same time for a live shot!
we better be getting on some spades later on tonight.
Aww thank you very much for the +K love!
Ravens & Packers = 2 best. Steelers, Pats, Saints, nipping at heels. Look out for Rams, Bears, Dolphins, SD, Dallas, too. Jets/Egals suck.
: don't know yet. Still trying to get in touch. I'll keep you posted and thanks for caring!
Weeks of Workin out and still busted my knee a bit playing fball. Just gotta keep Goin
On my way home . . #ThankTheLord !!
Who's signature did the Orioles use to spell out "Orioles" on their jersey?
#prayforportugal , don't really know why... ish
wait, you guys are drinking strawberry water together right now?
Utilizing article marketing for backlinks is a marketing strategy that is extremely powerful as our marketing shifts to the online world.
RT Really need a cold diet coke!
Laughing to myself out loud remembering having pizza stuck in her pants.
What caught my eye? Presenters subverting lecture style presentation halls. Wang community?
Currently experiencing a personal Fugazi reawakening. Thanks for a great day
I hate when mom doesn't mak us food .
Smh now i gotta get a new dog dis sum bullshit
RT : I miss playing in the Read & React system
writing policies for crime and terrorist programs
So my prof brought in donuts and Capri suns for everyone because yesterday some of us were nodding off... Awesome!
Funniest thing about six flags was when someone threw a condom at me and I freaked out. Then Daisy picked it up and kept it. Which she still
*Jaw Drop* You have got to be kidding me!
Good Morning My Twiggas :D
Should you be not moving closer to what you want in sales, you perhaps are not doing enough asking.
hey I didn't get an invite. Can I get a mil anyway?
lol u gonna live a long time ..i was just about to tweet you :)
you are a rock star! Hope to run into you again soon! (stefan)
knee deep in cirque du soliel songs, only a couple more days till my audition!
The work will wait until you show your partner the rainbow, but the rainbow won't wait until the work is done.
because i literlly just mixed pickle juice, cranberry juice, and expired relish together and drank it.
Stoked for taco tuesday tonight.
I was just thinking about the Theatre Festival in Black and White the other day. I hope you are doing well. -Andrew
#Buck says bullpen obviously limited. "Anyone who has thrown 3 days in a row is out"
It's always a pleasure to see what skulls greet us nightly through the kitchen here ...make me hungry
How much does it cost to book for a party? Anyone know?
Trying to wear Hermione down and get the sillies out before her obedience test.
Be careful of friends who mistreat people who were good to them.. It's only a matter of time before that mistreated person becomes you.
That's pretty funny. But, I'll do us all a favor and say no to that one.
#nkotbsbaussie THIS I LIKE.. :)
can you draw me a picture?
Now that U have Geronimo U MUST stop smoking. If U didn't do it for your career U have to do it for your doggie! PLEASE stop!!
is rookie mini camp just for signed players? How many are signed?
#Johnson: managed/edited "data-Hoovering" key to success of electronic cultural atlas projects
My broken phone<<<<<
Don't you hate that! I get that at my counter after months of them having the item.
Director Jarvis meeting: our work exceeds the boundaries of just our parks, it encompasses all of america, all the world...
This nigga Ibaka in an asset
That show...Wow...I'm speechless!
I think I saw you on the pre-game show!
Go get 'em, Tim "the tool lady" Taylor!
Smells like cigars and Arctic Panzer Wolf.
NATO is heads of countries getting together to talk about human rights. It brings lots of protesters and riots.
Man, today is a pretty morbid day when you think about it.
sexy ass!
That seems to be the prevailing mood here too ...
Ha--> RT : Have career, watch star fade, release own headphone line
I was impressed by size & quality of party
The new YOLO is ratchet.
Hello world. Excuse me while I test the pipes of my over-connected life. Why are things I put in over here showing up over there? TW1
Liking 's idea to include more info, even "ghost inventory" of items eliminated from reappraised #archives collection
I'll be at the game at Toronto can't wait
#thevoice just gave me #bieberfever all over again.
I get in enough debates online without sticking my nose in that one!
1 HOUR!!!! TILL YOUR TICKETS GO ON SALE. #YEE I CANT WAIT
I guess there was Never.an US :/ *
boo, boo, boo. shut...... up... Jazz fans. man Sean Elliott was right, they'll boo at anything that's not Jazz
Well hello there! :)
Drink Clean & Go Green! Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
Congratulations to the Kentucky Wildcats and the Louisville Cardinals! Even though Kentucky won the Cardinals fought hard and played a...
so tired
in school Now -.- smh
I am the lone ranger in the archives today. I'm listening to His Name Is Alive and taking care of business.
Today's massage + 13 mile run has amounted to a lot of weird aches.
I've enjoyed a nice hiatus from twitter, mostly due to my new obsession with
I will tweet more often to you then. ps.. I'll be making an appearance Friday night. ;) KD twisted my arm a bit.. :)
RT : I believe in Your word, I receive, I act on it, I respond to it, and I make my soul say yes!
Seeing people change isn’t what hurts. What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
Lesson of the day; if you are getting married, do not make a "love songs genre" #pandora station... unless you want to cry in your car.
I don't like when people are rude to me.
I can't decide which twitter app I like the best for the iPhone...
lol k den byebye :) love ya
I'm gonna open a restaurant and we're going to play R Kelly in all the bathrooms
and for brands to respond if they like. Also got a slick widget for brands to pop on their site to grab the data if ur interested!
Yes, I am... s-i-c-k. :( I've never been this sick before... xx Elle
I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me I'm not respecting you.
The hardest part is being solo financed and NOT 21. People want the PYT. Dear lord I am so tired I am referring to MJ lol
“: Time is flyin today!”
wonder what is wrong with Twitter Liats?
BE SAFE! DON'T HURT YOURSELF! hahaha.
Keith Jarrett proved tonight once again that he is a living legend. Reminded me why I love music so much.
French Pres Sarkozy's been a good friend of our President & Nation. Hollande needs to step up quickly - lots going on & not all good. - JDG
oh really? haha. I don't remember doing that. I rarely use this account as this project is on hold for the moment.
“: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.”
I called u the other day..still waiting for a call back
Actually, heard a local quartet playing in the subway. They may have taken the arrangement from Apocalyptica...
Is There Any Plans For A Store To Open Up In Alaska?
On my way home from work I can't wait to give you some love.
Sunday (November 4th) is the day you and will meet on the field. That's when the Cardinals visit GB.
hey! (; Happy Easter!! Follow back?! (:
Brain Floss: Grand Rapids, Michigan, was the first United States community to fluoridate its public drinking water, in 1945.
Some of the guys i talk to are prince charmings while others are toads
of course the morning i wake up late, everything goes wrong in the first hour! yipee! at least i dont need coffee to wake me up today!
School 2day but it's ok because new Bleach comes out & hopefully my package comes (it better) holla!!
Everything happens for a reason....
Me either.
DONE! Love you too!
Nice! RT : Canucks fans seem to really like and respect Gary Bettman.
So proud of my sister..she's in college and working full-time and living her life on her own conditins**TEAR**
Anybody watching the Oscars?
Turn your tv on to the game but mute that ish and bump tracks #locotestreet type stuff
Lol yeah. I've gotten a lot better!!! ~H
Have a wonderful trip back, thanks for your advice while in line this wknd! : Getting ready to head to the airport for flight...
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically converse with members of the opposite sex without spitting.
Happy birthday to you! Hope the duck was outstanding.
Well if I could run my blender it would have been smoother
Go Pack. there's ... um ... a lot to work on. Yikes. And I was totally sober. Grrrrrr
#ImThatPersonWho wont pass the ball, I'd just say," get the rebound". lol jk -KOBE
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. -Benjamin Franklin.
My favorite dessert is Cranberry Apple Cobbler from – Free Meal #giveaway. Random winner gets 6 FREE meal passes. RT to win!
Excited for field day today.
You shouldn't hate dogs but i hate cats so i guess i can try to understand ...
Today's special: BBQ Blackhawk!
I thought it was good. I didn't know anything about it going into it. Honestly, wanted to see Avengers, but it was sold out.
Me and act like we're giraffes in class cause we're cool(:
laying in bed, hbu?
David Lee Roth wears overalls constantly now. Is that the natural fashion migration for aging rockers after their spandex stops fitting?
Mass ended, Baskets filled, Eggs hid, bourbon inbibed...
haha yours got retweeted too. feel special.
Keep hearing about interview with I would like to hear your opinion and questions on this topic...
RT for the chance to win a #CrosstownClassic CMC t-shirt during the vs. series!
...that's how you do a season finale. Geeking out over here...
#ShowYourHeart to those who deserve it...♥
Lol -_- RT : #Virgo's are most likely to have anxiety.
If you haven't guessed already, this is new event specific account. Thanks for tuning in!
How would I do my show then? Ha, ha! Sorry, I just can't support ur movement.
Missed curfew.Who should scare me more? Kendra or my wife.Kendra would insult me more, but Daisy would inflict more pain.
You know me I want it all! Someday we shall do that!
you still have no phone lol
check out the tea aisle at Mariano's. They have some great new looseleaf blends!
Not a huge fan of rain when my job consists of being outside a lot ☔
not even!
thank you sparknotes...you make life so much easier
Tip: Kill microbes, germs, and other nasty critters in your laundry by adding 5 drops of melaleuca or On Guard to your wash cycle.
Lunch is the favorite because students have planted schoolyard organic gardens. The idea sprouted, no pun intended, far away in California.
ya i enjoy alot!!
I agree! Very odd company.
Can y'all stay out my inbox! Please and thanx!
Nigggga still tired
Dumb prediction. but 1000 wouldn't be impossible.
I swear #Starbucks puts something in the air.. I never thought I would finish this in a day let alone an hour.
Where there’s a will, there’s a way!
When you think about the future of displays, what do you envision?
Impressive lineup today at the inaugural Detroit Business Conference.
shopping online is the best
Who's on #Google+ already? Hearing a lot of buzz about it!
after one day of being on twitter u have surpassed me :P
are we really have a conversation via twitter right now? cause im kinda diggin it... :)
Reckless and emotional kinda girl .
Working on the Summer/Spring beer list... Got any Californian favorites you want to see in our coolers?
All a nigga needs is money, fuck a bitch.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Legal & Cop
Videos posted thanks to Ducky Doolittle
Thanks, I believe in it!
yeah ..i just found that..what jerks.
HAPPY EARTH DAY!!!!
I do, not because I didn't get to see the game, but because I had to trek miles in the mud 3x to find out the internet was down
I'm good too :) I was remembering P.E last week and how fast a year goes by.
Can't wait to see my sis rock dis dress
fruit shoot please
no one is defending kidd. what???
Something Don't feel right....
#springsteen admits to still jammin in front of the mirror
I'm tired of pretending everythings okay when its not......---
Are you prepared 4 crisis: Can you get a video from your CEO in 4 hours anytime/ anywhere in the world?
I love Melo's game, but he's only been out of the first round once. Greatness is measured by rings. Kobe has em.
I'm going to be in NYC between April 1-7! Are you down to show me where to obtain the best cupcakes?
Like Chino-Latino food? RT : Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
on the weekend?
Your farmers' markets are bit ahead of us. Can't wait for fresh fruits everywhere! And those look delicious!
Press Box: Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. Between five, it's fantastic.
10 page essay on penguins. Come at me bro. #penguinsalltheway!
And, more importantly, does it involve a mosh pit, eyeliner, or a touring Broadway show?
RT : The avg company has 11 people on their social media team. #3TYYZ <---- 11 too many
- - well, of course! Friends-4-life. Haha :)
About to head to Ivy. To do some drinking with Amanda panda! Stop in and havee a drink with me if your in the area!
: ...I know it's not exactly what you asked for: a St Paul-based brunch vs Minneapolis but I still highly recommend it
You're the best Robb!
Ravers are lucky because when they get old they'll be use to taking a hand full of pills.
Good Luck , going for the sweep today
Thank you Eric! Have a great week.
you working? Do you have another nice shirt on like Thursday? If so it may be necessary to stop in and see it for myself.
true, so I'm back at it!
Headache this morning? ;) Well, we have the cure for that. Some nice comfort food from Overlook or Claim Jumper, brought right to you...
This isn't really me developing apathy so much as admitting that purpose beyond our own concerns is more foolish for most than ideal.
I think there may be more twitter feeds devoted to Sacramento job openings than there are available jobs.
RT A big thanks to for their Smart Chart 3.0 - a great guide for the communications strategy I've drafted this weekend
Ladies and gentlemen I got bad news. #beastieboys adam "mca" yauch. Died from a long battle with cancer. He was 47 years old.
When designing a mobile app and corresponding site is it best to start mobile or web?
Rotating 000's of pictures in preview isn't my fav task. Can't use Automator as some don't need it.
personalized ads on FB & while logged into google irritate, but seems "dirty" to see such in a medical context while vulnerable
there's going to be a Grown Ups 2! This day cannot get any better!
Congratualtions to Tori Miller and Amy Sullinger for being selected as the 2010 Indiana County Fair Queen and Alternate Fair Queen.
you won't regret Gravity... it is the best mobile Twitter Client for the
-- moonflowers / when a woman's skin / is revealed #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Grams be fucking forcing it! Gotta stay away from her for a long min!
. You get even fewer social cues from IM, email, and text.
Favorite Line From #CoolMorning. LOL OMG OK. When Austin's like "IT'S TIME TO MILK THE COW."
I was just thinking that lol my son field day gone be a fool
You KNOW I wasn't talking about your music. You're @ mentions to me are unwanted from now on, and will be considered spam.
she's prolly the slut and is trying to hide by calling other females sluts. Smh -.-
Mr. The Altuve with a Bagwellian DP in T9... AWESOMENESS! Excellent win!!!
RT : It was nice of Callista Gingrich to come all the way from 1962 to speak to us.
you're welcome! :)
Systematic follow-up is one of the most unheralded secrets to #marketing success - the catalyst to long-term #referral momentum.
No doubt, homie! salute.
lmao! It was alot of fun! Def going back!
YUM. If I were in Ktown right now I'd be at Mapo eating me some Bi Bim Bap.
ah thats awesome :)
Hi Justin! Thanks for joining #21CRadio tweet chat!
Thanks for helping spread the word about Landscape Architecture Month!
Put $ in the salvation army bell ringing bucket!RT Donated refried beans & corn to food drive today-Good luck on your goals!
Mapping Museum Content: Phillyhistory.org solving many practical problems of geocoding images---x-referencing place names, etc.
let me say, austin is becoming more famous! he is in the studio working on songs give him a break!
I Watched This Game - Vancouver Sun Sports Blogs
Actually, I can't make it because and I are going to that weekend.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! ;D
When I was abroad, my friends and I were the only non-Greeks at NUIG too. Weird!
stay classy!!!
Work is the curse of the drinking class.
Sex in the morning is the shit....
Today was a product of 100% effort, teamwork and refusing not to win & we made it happen
Big ups to mens basketball team. Down 18 in the second half and they come back to win D-3 National Championship by 3 !
Omw to the gym
passion/enthusiasm of teacher is usually contagious; even more so in context of a mutually respectful relationship
same here!
#Superbowl Who do you think is going to win? The boring team? Or the team everyone hates? This might be the first year I don't watch...
your new pic is beautiful, crystal queen
what session are you in? Meet by registration desk at 10:20?
Looking for a place to Dance, Drink & Lounge latin? we are clearing the tables at 11:30pm tonight and want to see you on the dance floor!
biggest win of the season and still no respect on sportscenter!
Smh don't tweet me now wen u can't txt bk
u a bruin in my head
A must for brass players: master class by one of the great horn players, Dale Clevenger. Come to Kresge in CFA 11/29 at 9:30am.
Saving Up For A Apartment :)
#NewFeds interview tips. Ask "what areas can I contribute to?" What the challenges are on projects, what is the morale? = know the environ
When playing the keyboard, a good technique is to sway your head back and forth and smile, as though you were Stevie Wonder.
Little Known #ROFLCon Fact: Tonight's big stupid moon will be eclipsed by Scumbag Steve being joined by Chuck Testa on stage at Middlesex.
You are amazing <3 !
OH... I know who you mean now.
They do. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the idea =)
How do you like the new Facebook timeline?
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE WANTS YOU! ARE YOU HOT, HAVE YOU SIGNED UP YET, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
Also not having lotion is the is the worst thing ever. I feel like Casper the friendly ghost.
well don't thank me I thank u for comin there so I could meet u but hopefully I'll be seeing u again around march 14 for my b-day
Thank you very much!
listening to music, youu? :)
The refs are hurting us.
welcome back!
I refuse to get old enough to not find that funny.
what station are you on??? what type of show do you host???
First correct reply wins #Colts prize package. Colts have played a Thurs. regular season game in how many straight seasons including 2nite?
#69Factsaboutme 40. I love Hot Topic.
trust me, he's alive and kickin...
The way she just did me . No bueno
DeMaio spin machine in overdrive dealing with Mayor's declaration budget crisis is over. Beware the candidate who bets against his city!
hey bella! I hope u win!!! ur amazing and deserve to win! <3<3<3
glad someone stopped kissing TCITW's ass and gave a real review. I felt the same way about it man. Still enjoyable though
hey titty sucker
time to make money
i love you
Backyard yoga this am to stretch my tired body. Now! Time for brunch.
I think the heat in Bruton is making your posts more interesting. How you holding up?
RT : didn't swim in the canal, the #boomstick was thirsty and had no choice but go with it.
And thereby sent message: Mainline GOP terrified of Gingrich.
yes! i just have to make some adjustments to the listing (price) and i'll let you know when that happens
cause dey steady lettin outeast or the B-Boys beat them up
It feels like Terry Francona's said "Don't be surprised if they send the runner here" at least 5 times now.
I laughed out loud at this
Bristol Palin needs to have STADIUM seating. The LAST person that should criticize ANYBODY!
Lets see if I get this call back , doubt it
burnt my face today..
It's built in to bash. Give it a path of dirs you want to cd to relatively & it works. Not good w/ duplicate dirs. Std in bash tho.
I might be shrugging back. Thanks.
“: Yup in my Dave from Storage Wars voice!!!LOL”
Twitter & FB is the adult version of imaginary friends
Looking forward to!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
DC Comics Superman Classic Logo Mug
Off to the gym. I may regret this.
The #Lord wants #you to #ask #Him what He has planned for you. #JustAsk #He always #delivers and
Drying my hair+ twitter
Celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. w/ AWARD-WINNING JAZZ COMPOSER & SAXOPHONIST KURTIS ADAMS 8pm&10pm sets
Gonna be so hot! I heard retina display perhaps too. That'd be insane.
Los Black Lips!!!
Don't go looking for man, let him find you.
Looking forward to it, Si.
Glad it wasn't just me. Couldn't understand a word anyone .... mumbled!
I can agree with that
Show at the Byham Theater tonight, 7:30 pm!
We are looking forward to hearing them!
I'm starting to get excited about #aam2012. Are any of my twitter friends going to be there?
Screaming real loud Happy Birthday 2 my son KAMRON!!!
Atlanta, GA what's popping this weekend?
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
An avengers preview just came on the tv and I forgot what I was doing and thinking about...
Awl Aye Dew is Nguyen.
you're a good mom
what happened to ur twitter a while ago?
Wish I could truly enjoy Mothers Day like every one else
we're hanging out at #lagc today, if you want to know more about your community find and ask for a demo!
Lisaa! <3 just wondering what type of acoustic guitar do you play? please reply it would mean alot! xo
Serious inquiries only on that Sasquatch pelt.
Collect: contemporary objects from the Crafts Council
RT :-$ Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. Bill Gates
So ace hood coming to milwaukee cant see that ending good
Puppy mills have been a big discussion on the past couple days. How come no one complains about kitty mills?
My child went to a carnival and won a goldfish. Guess what I am doing? Purchasing a new fish, 'cause I don't want to have THAT talk yet.
49% Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast,
thats a pretty good goal to have, and then you can invite us all!...maybe :)
Oh! I almost never read the comments. LOL. They're mostly just so argumentative or ignorant. What did they say this time?
Today you can tune in and hear the Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir, today's featured Glee Club.
Higher - B.O.B ft. Play boy tre, Cyhi da prynce & bun b
I get so irritable when I'm tired.
we aren't bad, we just don't tolerate bullshit from compulsive liars.
Just peeped video of TI checkin' Diddy on (who's my fav blooger by the way) glad Diddy got checked! That was ridiculous.
Vegas officials are always banning Hip Hop acts.
So I guess that... Indiana just hocked a Lugar? (puts on sunglasses YEAH)
Yes, they're both guys, but it still just looks odd.
not yet i am still waiting for food lol
The Saints better not let me down. I've hung my hat on them since midseason.
I could slum it on Saturday afternoon? Monday anytime??
Jeff and Amanda Timmons sent me.
Is supposedly loved but doesn't feel it... :-(
BF Banquet quote from Bob L. When asked about meal choice. "If I'm going to write a check I'm gonna eat red meat".
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
Are google results decreasing in quality over the last six months? I feel like it's trying to be smart about my results and failing.
Wow I didnt know it was that many THOTS in chicago...smh
Al Sharpton compliments Obama's imagery in the #sotu "The speech was only missing one thing. BLUEBERRY PIE!!!"
RT : #Clear fixed the tower issue and gave me a credit 2+ weeks ago.
Happy Happy Monday!!!!!
I am #AGirlThat loves to speak her mind and never hold back.
What does Jessica Alba have to do with Angel ?
thanks for the heads up!
RT : Looks great
Writing that CRACK
June 26th, hurry up and get here already.
“It’s not an upgrade if nothing breaks.”
I'm going to shoot myself. In FedEx line behind vandy frat bros. "Doyle was at Mardi gras? I love that dude bro! He wrote on my wall"
Phx./Metro-Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Thanks! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save: On Friday they learned how to save on their monthly utility bills with a ju...
I didn't know that you don't like avocados. Not even guacamole?
Thank you for all you do. I was truly inspired watching you on Oprah's #lifeclass. Namaste
Any woman lackin love's entitled to a getaway ;)
nigell can i have one of your m&m sanwhich
About to make a banana split with my niece and SIS <3
I think the girl in Karmin sounds just like Jordin Sparks. Am I wrong?!
Great basketball games tonight! Love the intensity right before & during playoffs.
Bro you wanna go to we all get fucked up and get laid
Aw Man!!!! I Got To Get My Tweet Game Up! At Least U Still Answer Back! That Make My Year!!!!!!
can uplease make me the most happiest girl ever! Follow back <3 pleaase
So I heard Skyfall the next James Bond film will be released on IMAX. oh man I had to change my underwear.
Hey! if you spot any fakes let me know ;). Part of my job to look out for pedophile scum and those damned impersonators!
Who needs Hallmark or FB when there's Twitter? Happy 26th Anniversary to & ! U 2 r the absolute BEST! Doin' it right.
I'm really glad to hear about your dad. I've been silently rooting for him all week.
As you should be. Women are crazy. And it's 95% my fault.
Nice shout out by Rachel to Esther Crawford's Drupal group at Rice.
lol. where are you from?
well, if there was ever anything that was worth all the travel,headaches, etc.... Playoffs.
Cause you gave me all yo' pussay! Leave yo' number on the cabinet.
At least Luck will have a kicker who can make an easy field goal to win a game!!! The Colts better get that LUCK Jersey ready to sell!!!
when will the mount pleasant interim library no longer be interim?
It's easier to be conservative. You're defending what is, and while what is is usually crap, it's safer than what might be.
The last task I created was today around 1:30pm - it says it was created May 7 @ 3:17pm
today was a good day!
Stanton's has an open weekend at home, before heading off to KMEA next weekend and OMEA two weeks after that. Busy, busy, busy...
Thx for the follow. Big fan of your stream! Perhaps we can meet up one day... also curious to find out more about
Willard Romney's FLA primary victory speech was amusing. Can't wait til President Obama makes him pee his magic underwear in the debates.
i found the perfect article on ishmael's free indirect discourse!! yes
Did y'all know that George Jones is on Twitter?
Seeing #Twighlight with
Interested in losing 5 lbs, 4 inches & 3% body fat in 19 days? I did! Check out Drew's lean 19 day challenge or ask me!
Enjoyed waking up to my two favorite ladies calling me today. Great start to the day! Right now..Seattle's getting sunny. Sweet.
It's #HappyHour somewhere!
glad someone has heard of this or him...
Can still go to Senegal by proxy by reading my book. :)
Thanks for the #ff guys!
The future person I'm incubating in my belly currently prefers Kraft MacnCheese & Entenmanns to anything else on the food scene.
Give thanks to God everyday.
Don't forget to take advantage of our huge Monster Kart sale. Save up to $1000. Use promo code Shamrock
Biking Club meeting this evening. Gearing up for all the pedaling I'll be doing this summer!
he's playin it again I think!
Where as the 18th or 18th c. controversy was centralized to periodicals or books, the 21st c. discourse is split.
Thank you Nathan Murphy and Ernie Salera! You rock!
could be wrong, but blackout rules may not apply for the MLB.tv iPad app. sorta remember watching the Nats on there (I'm in DC now)
So my button down shirt is too tight over the pecs to button...can I leave it open? I have a presentation to give #rippedguyproblem ;-)
how is Tree of Life Oscar bait? Watch it (on a big screen) and you'll realize it has no chance of a best picture nomination.
wish I heard about it earlier...I would have come
Good idea. We'll jot that down but please look for our survey (will tweet from here) and include that suggestion. Thanks!
ohh and i like original songs.. not remixes..
great, tumblr its over fucking capacity
Lining it all up nicely so it can fall like like dominos ;) x
Grinding...gettin' it in! If it's out there, I'm going after it!
writing some raps
Pumped Up for ACT ready to get it over with tomorrow. If ACT was a girl I would fuck her on the first date. Am that comitted.
Pool time.
k. where did run off to...hm.
I want a pair of those soo bad man. I don't even know why. I got the grey ones.
I think that if the conf. is already being live-tweeted, you don't need to ask. If you're the only 1, might be a good idea
I Love You But,, Yo Breath Smell Like Baby Boo Boo Right Now!!
wait...not VHS?!!! *gives side eye like hell*
PickUpLine: Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why is this emotion so strong? "The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear." - H.P. Lovecraft
One of the best Braves home runs I have ever seen!
230 & i still cant fall asleep ..
So sad to hear the news about what happened in #sterling this morning! My heart goes out to the family
Yeah! Just figured out how to change my background on Twitter! Now, do I need to update with new books every month?
I'll see what's up lovey! I haven't seen in forever..
- no and not familiar either.
I like the "and myself"
RT : You miss me, but you don't even try to talk to me? Okay.
Sorry I Took Forever I Was Drawing (:
announces some great student loan and college affordability measures! is fired up and ready to go!
I love my job today. Happy clients, happy designers all around!
hes going to rash us BOTH for this :(
Half off your first bottle of wine tonight Urban Wine Company!
On my way home feeling great. Can't wait to see you!!
you know what i am done with your presence... DISMISSED! Lol": This Ain't The Baby Gap!"
This is why I get really really really good teaching evals :)
My nigga chopped all da hair off
351 days until the world ends for anyone who is counting
For real doee, what would I do without ? Probably die....
♪...Lord knows it would be the first time...♪
I am exhausted and I have no clue why.
Ayy cosquillitas on my back .. That would be so great at this moment. 😍😍
Ha Thats Boocie ! (: lmfaooooo Ugh i wouldve got mad at him , i wouldve said do this looks like a fucking jacket!?
She loves her Nook Tablet - But I would've loved buying it for her at the new $199 price! ;-)
There go the people. I must follow them for I am their leader. ~ Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have :) We help fund co's that are premature for the banks. Excited to connect.
At least the Knicks are putting up a fight!
Thanks for asking! 5:30-8:30pm. You can always get more info on kings.com!
"If you want to fly like a butterfly, don't flap like a crow."
Holding on to grudges is bad, but letting go of things to easily and not telling people how you really feel is worse.
7ytte i love u
My little cousin just said he's a dog - well at least he knows
Convert difficulties into opportunities, for difficulties are divine surgeries to make you better. Author Unknown
Bwahahahahaha! RT : And by the way, what is Nicole wearing? I think she still thinks it's Halloween.
I'm there with you...
Loves his friends!
Graduation 1 week away. Big party. New title: Master Yoder.
Sending you a round of applause, loved Silver Sparrow. So much to talk about today at book club meeting
Praying for ! Stay strong girl, never girl up, and kick cancer's ass to the curb :)
Please RT and follow..Every business has telecoms. We can save you money whilst offering excellent customer service & bespoke pricing!
*pause* who he talm bout ??
I can't control the way you're moving my hips bet you Never ever seen em like this
Gotta love saturdays
how did you get justin bieber to follow you i feel like he will never see me
damn gettin low on da green i feel like dieing
The only thing better than a super hero filled film is when one of your favourite actors is portraying your favourite super hero
Driving in my 90s car with my 90s music makes everything seem so authentic.
Haha, the wrong number #lol RT : #Whywouldyou give out yo number if u Dnt wanna b called?< Just 2be nice..duh!
Sleep - you need to play Jerusalem in its entirety
No need to worry-just getting more answers hopefully about my recent odd health stuff. So +vibes/prayers r still appreciated but no worries!
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
I want see-through dress in the video with "It All Belongs To Me"...need it NOW..belongs 2me..lol
Yup. A racial slur. So you lied, and you made look like a flip-flopping fool. Well done.
I wish you were a stranger, I could disengage;
I thought you quit drinking...?
ya i found it out. thanks anyway. hey hav u met criss angel?whats he like in person?
Give me the confidence I need
Sorry I'm writing my life in pen. So I can't erase my mistakes..
maybe there's a flaw in your list?
Great seeing you all at foxfields! Make sure to come by our store if you need any alterations on your outfits
had root canal today im numb now buth thats wearing off so im hurtin alittle bit now :(
I don't know I just liked the tracks and wanted to see what you could come up with.
Hmm, that Twitter spam message has disappeared from my direct message box. Either I am hallucinating or Twitter is on the ball.
what ford position is hiring?
That sounds yummy! :9 “: Think I'm a do a grill cheese with turkey”
I never imagine I have My own family
So True! But you forgot the part in between where the wife tells the husband "You do"
hi :D
hm. i'll make an exception for you. <3 ": Can females apply? Because if we can't, I'm suing you for sexism. :)"
All these tweets. Your words read in thousands of different voices.
Mothers Day, sunday come in for 20% off all regular maked products. Make moms day special with a little pampering 1720 Juan Tabo Suite E
I pegged the kitty as a miracle whip kinda guy.
100 proof.......gonna die tonight.
American Idol is fucking stupid!!!!!!
My mom is trying to dress like me...
wanted to start and finish my paper but cant even find the materials for it...
The creature has followers, but they're all carrying pitchforks.
lol how r u just now getting up? XD sleepy head
If we burn our skinny pants, boat shoes and hipster glasses and stop talking about being original we might end up being it!
#ILikeObamacare bcuz although it has serious flaws, at least people acknowledge that the current US health care system is AWFUL.
Middle of the day naps are the best! Now off to the park! Can I resist the call of the rolly slide?
19. I WANT TO VISIT PARIS....FRANCE.
About to fall asleep -_-
Coming up on the Romney Wins, what's next leading up to
in death and destruction! I'll bet.
Do you have any stories about how classical music has influenced your life? The joy of classical music should be shared!
#weekend love it!
Looks like a long battle with cancer...
I always liked Hofstadter's forward to Nagel's "Gödel's Proof", which addresses a related issue
actuley tomorrow is a holiday
if I was judging u I'd give u a 10 #AmericasGotTalent lol
Here we go again 😜
u staying up x
thank you
Did you see this one? via
tbh, I think Ariana makes the cutest expressions I've ever seen for a 18 year old.
Hi all! I've changed my name and my Twitter handle; I'm now Have a great day!
all boys are inconsiderate assholes and douche bags that's why
Today is Las Vegas's birthday. Las Vegas is 107 yrs old today tweeps
I know feels good
Knitting club just walked into Biggby. From my observation, it could also be called the single, overweight and can't get a date club.
Hit by a Farm: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Barn by Catherine Friend Mary F's
I`m glad you like it! Thanks!
Ready for #Americasmart! Come see us in Bldg 1, 7th floor, Booth M04 & check out all our ecochic home accents!
Good morning Tworld. Off to the gym. I am so grateful.
annoying? gee, thanks.
ok...cool. so if I see that I would try to follow all the people in that post...right?
was playing at keva. Sup?
looking for core java and j2ee developers - NYC and NJ
because they are boys, not men
Hahahahahaha I just saw miss moogoo jamin in her blue mini van.
Summertime at the pool makes me happy :-) I cannot wait for the beach
Absolutely using the reverse camera feature as a booger check.
thanks for telling me and how much you love cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
It is a profound (dare I say startling?) statement that Egypt used social media to overthrow their government.
i wish i could select all your clothes and press delete ;))
Effective people are not problem-minded; they're opportunity-minded. They feed opportunities and starve problems. - Stephen Covey
are you going with ? He said he's going next week as well.
Oh Okay. Idgaf Anyway. That Bitch GONE !!!
Is the sky lightening? Must be that time of night they call "morning"
The secrets of Atlantis are unveiled voodoo mystery and sinister plots are reveled NaLee receives her blue pearl
Praise be to allah!
PUTTING "HAHA" in your sentence,makes it seem less serious. ex:I love you,haha!
OH WELL RNG IS SAFE SO IDC.
@ Club Chrome waiting to Melt the stage!
yes I hope so!! LOL I got some very helpful feedback so we will see :) have a wonderful weekend love! #bestperformance KIT
Thanks for the RT Clark!
Jen has the best dog on the planet. A bulldog. Not some fluff chick dog to put in her purse. She's a badass. That's why I love her.
I don't think I have ever felt this overwhelmed at the end of a semester before.
I need that sloopy head
use google apps - i introduced it in my office and it's loved by all :) i know it's a tough sell
You to fine to be laying in bed alone 😉
Yes, Cesar Izturis hit himself in the back of the head on the follow through of his single up the middle.
please do...
I'm such a baby 'cause the Dolphins make me cry :'-(
#May5..."Honor Hourly The Whispers Within You"..Sign-Up #TODAY for #MorningMotivation from
ICDS will be closed on Monday, July 25th to celebrate La Anexión de Guanacaste. If you´re in Costa Rica, enjoy your holiday!
c's had every excuse to mail it in last nite. already 3-0 on trip, big SA win, playing a bad team - came out & just crushed it
The desire for a massage / the stress caused by the cost. Who will win?
and I love library candy.
Fake Life Is Better Then Real Life
Ah Major League Baseball. Thank you, universe.
Happy Birthday to the lovely and amazing !
Off to Cafe Cubano for breakfast before
hahahahah i love you , i just died!
Wow. That's f'n awesome.
Good guess. Yes.
a beastie boys classic
haha nice! It definitely belongs on happyplace.com.
Bitch Aint Say HappyBirthday To Me When It Was My Birthday ! Smh . Thaats Why iKnow Bout Your Weave That You Trynna Call Your "Real Hair"
Welcome to Twitter !
I'll come nurse you to health if need be 😁 lmao
Great video, thanks!
thanks for following us as well! We'll take a look at your website for our program
fuck i have really bad chest pains :(
I can make a really good argument with myself about the things I already believe.
Where is ? I miss her
LESS THAN TWO WEEKS TIL ME AND HOST THE BIGGEST BIRTHDAY PARTY TO HIT COLUMBUS EVER!
HUH... U haven't read my tweets... No1 is hating, its stating a opinion and asking others how they feel towards it..
how so?
enjoying summer concert series!
Agua Viva in Old Town - 4 rating on food quality - (that's a rare high mark from me for DC venues) Experience it while it lasts!
Got dem rackz finna be all out.!
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where no one can find us*
Happy Earth Day All!!
technology drives me crazy sometimes : /
how you mane? everything good?
Since you're on a salespeople binge and since you're moving... You should update your insurance. Might save you $$$. May we help you?
You a stupid hoe!
no sleep for me.
I can't help but just smile in this situation ...
I literally cry every time I listen to Remember This. It's too perfect.
Secrty sebelius violence a chronic hlth issue. It takes all of us. Solution starts with early child care. Lifetime impact equals success.
have a goodnight and be good for its waiting to explode and get bigger the night dream!
I bet, but you have THE best collection...EVER!
thanks SO much! Love you guys!
I get bored easily ... It's hard to keep my attention
my daughters would go ape if you picked me :)
RT : Come on in for all of your gluten free baking supplies!!
Those sound like GREAT TIMES! LOL
YEP DATZ RIGHT BUDDY!!! SUMBODY LOOKIN 4 ME HERE I GO!!! ": Family Dollar...If I remember correctly."
the will be at Metro Center today DOT DOT DOT lol
I always feel like it sticks in my hair
:) so your name is Ryan? I'm Briana if you couldn't already tell haha xP
your welcome so watcha been up 2 today my good friend
barely JV skill level expected to play with Varsity
I was good in school before A became a number. And rocks were more than just rocks. And in a book everything has a meaning.
huh out wit that corny wife ish
A very Happy Birthday to my colleague and pal !
Hello Adam, just admiring your work with AFER. Thank you!
yes! I'll see if I can get us some credit
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
One swallow does not make a summer.
you already know fam
RT Downtown Nashville. With #MistaD, #Slick Nick, #Habib Musica. Just got done renting all the equipments for the music vi
Calvin Johnson got the Madden '13 cover vote. Does this mean I don't keep him for my fantasy team because of the Madden curse?
Couldnt agree more. It fits my mood today
Envisioning great invitations for 10th Anniversary celebrations around the country. So fun!
#Entertainment looking forward to a fabulous week!
I want to buy Peta's anti-fur activist kit. Just because I'm sick of seeing women wearing fur and not caring that animals died to make it.
Mo state scores a goal at the end of third quarter. 7-7 end of third. Looks to be an exciting 4th quarter
why are you apologizing for being tan hahahhaha. it's better than being florescent white.
& - can't make it to #HealthyFriday because of a previous commitment, but hope there's a good turn out - Have fun!
Waking up is the worrrstttt
drinking in queens! with richard gabby and people :-) summer shower and vodka
ha! It's a fake account, all her tweets are retweets
Opening day isn't the same without Hope you enjoy the holiday weekend and if I'm lucky, a TB sweep and three Joel Peralta saves
"Language buries, but does not resurrect."
Agreed. IA the only one that could be finnicky. If PA comes home.....
That's GRANd! Lol I don't have the creative skills o make my own posters. -_-
A lady asked my son if he could see into the future... Preston replied "The future is at my daddy's house" lol...
This phone looks amazing!
would she take a sippy cup of (cow) milk instead of breast. I know milk at night isn't great, but just to get over hump
Just knock me out and put me in the trunk haha
what is your opinion of as new #Tigers president?
eChalk this summer...can't wait to catch up with customers and meet new schools. Will know super scholars soon!...
Still serving out hes 8yr. Bid Penn was found not guilty of the #Murder for hire
thank you
Speaking of cassettes, anyone know where to get 's Factory Showroom on Cassette?
thank you, sir!
So Much #Shindig RT Love, Thanks Kids!
no worries! Thank for trying though! :)
Awww, now now... You have more than me. ;)
Thanks for the #CPSC reminder to replace detector batteries this weekend #safety tip #daylightsavings is March 11
Feel better soon.
Very relieved! It was pretty scary!
RT : Interested n being a Red Dot Sponsor? Today = last chance 2 have ur name on the invite! Call 227.6960/visit website 4 info!
dude I just looked up the scorecard from 96" waken me and moondog fought and all the judges had it 30-27 w/ me as the winner
Thank U Veterans Campaign/guest instructors for the excellent training/devotion to prepare Veterans to run for office.
got the REALEST tweets
Had a make up session of Brian Finkelstein's Solo Show Workshop this afternoon. Great class!!! And a great group of folks to work
Thanks for the mention! Hope you enjoy the show!
Thanks so much for the article this is a great find!
Oh I like this. Def. let me know.
Just hiked through the California Poppy Reserve - absolutely stunning orange wildflowers!
OMG Mushroomhead. Im super jealous. Last time I saw them a guy was walking around saying "KICK ME IN MY F'N HEAD"
Linux is only free if your time is worthless. My time is valuable.
“: Scheduling n more scheduling” stay on your grind man..dreamin of bein in that spot someday
Nothing like taking a walk to start off your morning.
October 19th begins the Leadership Learning Collaborative-register at www.LeadershipRising.com
Oh, this one is my favorite so far!
we appreciate a good business man.
ya heard that too doing it in PA with my brother
give us a call at some point tomorrow!
hhaha y thank you :)
Congratulations to Tyler Champagne! He booked a print job for Nikon! Tyler is having a great year!!!
Weekly review done and done. Much prefer scheduling it mid-week than on Fridays.
Looking forward to lunch tomorrow!
Somebody should of told you I'm on one....
Anyone celebrating a birthday in Atlanta this weekend? RSVP for a complimentary birthday section & bottle at this Friday!
Finally joined the 21rst century & got a Twitter account! Yeeeeaahhhh! :D
Launch Ruby Marketing Group - Social Media Mentoring and Custom Branding!
I had the goal of trying to find out who my real friends were..the school year is almost over and I still don't know who they are
your acting like I'm a newb at this... Haha
how do we reach out to get your product in our office ?
Chuck Colson finished strong.
The girls come up with some of the most interesting stories. I love their imaginations.
iI know naila was telling me but i dont know might go to the park yo i will tweet later ok
Productive Day Ahead
it's really cold in this class....
Over 2.2 million K-12 students, educators & parents have participated in Speak Up! Surveys open on Monday- register @ bit.ly/o0EiKu
I'm VERY pro-LibGuides, by the way.
For those dying to stand inline for hours and hand over lots of cash, we can figure out a way to start a line.
sharing is caring cabron
Turning the phone off in a minute
"Never assume anything" Need to trail the play and get an easy clean-up basket!!
Wow my opinions are really one sided.
hey, hey, hey!! How's it going?? :) I haven't tweeted you in a long while! :(
let the countdown begin!!!
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. ~Abraham Maslow
In the car and see some 30 year old dude in a motorized wheelchair then 2 feet behind him is 12 year old son
who told you my middle name?!
WI State Assembly recesses until 9:00 a.m. Wed. because of drafting delays related to budget amendment. Budget debate to begin on Wed.
men are running shirtless in city park... it must be spring....M.
lol u ways look different
We're giving away prescriptions like we're med students. Bitter Dose Combo at 8:30 for your ears. Redskin Potato Pies for your belly.
Shopping all week.
A fun Monday ?: My sis and I are taking our mom to NYC for her bday. She's never been. What would u want to do if it was your first visit?
another #brewers win. Not used to this kind of success from the brew crew. So excited!
People who don't deserve a promotion should be thrown in a pile of shit!
For the good of Wisconsin football, can we end the Mifflin St Block Party?
Hypocritical bitches
Do you have a collaborative learning page? Looking for models for collaborative groups K -12. Thanks!
"At it's best, public history is co-produced... it asks not just WHY history matters, but HOW it matters" Kathleen Franz
I can't wait until tomorrow. #beta :)
Lesson pays off for students, food bank
These beers are going down like beers
You can count on me like 1,2,3... I'll be there...
Yum! Most definitely at the top of our list as well. Enjoy!
she's got an amazing voice I WANT
Happy Birthday Rihanna... When's your next "hit"... You've always produced such sick "beats". "Domestic" music with "violent" flow.
Looking for the ultimate athletic challenge event? Come for the weekend to central OR and Xperience the Edge JUNE 4-6 wildcanyongames.org
cant tell but you can find out by yourself :D
Working with a company like Advanced Mailing Svcs can help reduce undeliverable mail. Start today by calling AMS at 505-899-3104.
Christmas cards addressed.
there u go again with ur inspiring tweets <3
Those who are 2 smart 2 engage in politics are being punished by being govern by those who are dumber.
Hahahahahahaha...hold on, let me catch my brea...hahahahahahaha!!!
#TechTea #Ultrabook My Evo and some skull candy headphones as well as a spare usb charger
in the studio bout to set up sounds 808s and mics
i do my own thing i can care less wat ppl think about me
Knock the "t" off the "can't." ~Samuel Johnson
too many fags in this house, not enough rooms to get away from them all.
Tortilla soup at Toloache in #NYC. #IACPNYC. Now to dig in!
I think I may have finally found a use for Pinterest. If only I had an invite.
call me if you want to talk (:
for things to break all the time. Sounds like poor craftsmanship.
It's not about the rise to the top, it's about the one who has RISEN.
I got some from Radio Shack.
I wanna go see the movies!!! >_<
6/10 people with #Alzheimer’s wander & become lost at some time. If not found within 24 hrs, up to 1/2 will suffer serious injury or death.
Cultralian - never heard of this, very interested in learning more. Suggested reading?
Congrats to George Benson and everyone at Concord...George's single "The Lady In My Life" goes to #1 on Billboard's Smooth Jazz chart!
Hey now!
This is awesome!!!! Elevator Speech. I might need some help with this.
A) I'm leaving NKY/Cincy for a few days. B) I need a new city to visit soon. C) "All I wanna know is, who's comin with me?..."
amazing logo romo!
Those working conditions look horrible <sarcasm> There are worse jobs here in the U.S.
I change it up sometimes depending on the map but usually with commando dual/taped mag. Shit goes hard with sleight of hand pro!
bring that birthday party
Oh wasn't you sick? And let's go job hunting bc I need a new one
T minus 28 minutes til I make a mad dash for the door. It really is nice to have a boss who wants to get out just as much as you on Fri!
#IfIwasPresident I'll get elected on Friday assassined on Saturday buried on Sunday
Thanks for following The Last Dark Show!! We love you guys!.
I'm not watching one game till David stern is out of office.
Love Hot Air's headline on Obama's reaction to NC: "Noted gay-marriage opponent oddly “disappointed” by passage of NC ban"
HWY 80 closed in sierra because of auto accident.
Dwight Howard stays in ORLANDO... For now.....
Okay. I'm done spamming your Twitter feed but today's paper was full of Dorothy-approved articles.
No worries man. Take your time.
see you there-wherever *there* might be
$130 worth of XXL is kinda depressing. What's VERY depressing is the fact that I have to test wash first, to make sure they'll still fit
Up early grinding!
so you can't skype because you're at your dads? and how do you know he doesn't? He might!
OMG DUMBASS IF PEOPLE ARE SO RUDE THEN STOP TWEETING IT URSELF AND MAKING IT TREND Respect his nanny ass holes.
The estimated 29.6 million small businesses in the United States: Employ just over half of the country’s private sector workforce
We dropped off beautiful pieces of original art by at the Society of Illustrators this week for their SI 53 exhibit!
She is wonderful! Enjoy! RT : RT : Excited to see my friend Christine in Pitmen Painters tonight !
I Wanna Cuddle.
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other." - John F. Kennedy
Just took a shower, ate a chicken sandwich, now at mcdonalds using their wifi
you two gotta get your work out on right lol
can't wait to hear!
Everone is supposed to be at la cage right now, where are you people?
Plz rt Girl found in field in Salem In. Blonde hair, blue eyes, between 20 mo & 3 yrs. Anyone w/info on who she is please call 502-629-7225
Have a Galaxy Nexus now and its a breeze to root.
Smoking an electronic cigarette is like sucking on a battery.
Hey friend how are you?!?! longg time no talk!
my mom said that there's really no bad seats at jones beachh, so it'll be fiine
Looking for an awesome church in Jax? Ask about Be blessed !!
sent this morning brotha sorry we hooked it up!
i do cause then i wouldnt have meet u
So my roomies dog peed in my room and they don't have chemicals to clean it up.. Stupid assholes
Preparing Ripple (and myself) for the Port Townsend Wooden Boat Festival
Oh god, haha. I'm still waiting to be subpoenad.
It's not even open! Lol RT : LOL close your window
A moment of clarity...
The feeling u get in your heart when u dead starving put a pizza in the oven check on it and its burnt ass hell smh
Circular arguments are so exhausting. I don't know if I'm going to get anything else done today now - TGIF!!!
Why you so obsessed with me ? Boy i wanna know .
You bet!
Reading a little more about for a photo contest application that I'm engineering. Looks promising!
Nice job with Nutshell-- we're working on getting it set up for our web design biz, its a perfect fit!
also, I can't wait to see our dialogue EQ. I'm like a kid waiting for Christmas.
I need people to follow me...
work sucks dick
"New Eating Habits" is also a choice.
Still love the magazine....miss you at 4pm on TV. Hope you are doing well :)
You noticing any of your fans lately? (:
TY RT : Farmers & Artisan Market will be at from 8-1PM. Stop by for your week's fresh produce.
preparing a gorgeous 1928 craftsman #house for the #market; using as many #salvaged parts as possible
I hope there is a kickass 2 it would be so cool to have a sequel i heard redmist is now orange mist in 2 cause end of 1 his suit was orange
RT : Happy Hell Week everyone :) <3
fine self>>>
So beautiful outside! I love this weather <3
yourself room to learn from others, be open minded to others' ideas, and giving yourself love and compassion.
Can't believe it's already #OpeningDay!!
Kazakhstan Finally Thanks Borat
Monsters Of Folk - Dear God (Sincerely M.O.F.) - 10:14 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Diverse Insights, Extreme Knowledge, Efficient Actions. The Technical Litigation Firm for the 21st Century
I'll be down in the Peoria area in mid-May, I think. Will probably sign stock at the B&N. :D
Look for major updates on Http://www.dagnomusic.com over the next couple of days !
- ok, just hit me after your practice ends. I land at 11am
13. How old r u?
Drinking more WATER just makes more sense. (water, not tea, coffee, soft drinks, etc.)
“: bro you tweet every 17 days” months bro...
I'm up now
Had fun
I can't wait until my new wacom comes in the mail. It'll be a great addition to the rest of my gadgets. :)
so say we all.
The Celebrity Secret Shapewear! To smooth your curves
love what you're doing!
Share exactly what you want to share.
Takes a stand against sexism ----> cc.
dunk contest was lame as hell
I definitely won't!
you know I agree :)
eating up sweet 16 space for sure.
I triple repeat AFPW $$$$$$BOUNCE ALERT$$$$$$$STARTING TOMORROW RSI WAY OVERSOLD! .0028----100% GAINER EASY!!!! AFPW
The Small Love You Miss The Most
Hahaha. Redundant Torso Fabric!!! I love you, Liz Lemon!
me too.
To get rich never your risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. Richard Baker
The Nets have a fun, young, losing team. PS - they're losing by 20.
Built up anger. I must expel it... But how?
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
congrats! Poopy water now, nobel prize tomorrow! (:
Oh okay lol
We're at the intersection of L.A. Live Way & Pico -- stop by on your way into the X Games for an ice cold sample of !
After Matt Kuchar sinks a birdie, the announcer says "A few Kuch call outs" as people chant Co-ch. Tee hee. My inner 8th grader is LOL
aw thanks sweet girl!
as wud say here go da spongebob body twins
im not home, so just DM it to me
I grew up a fucking screw up, Got introduced to the game, Got a ounce & fucking blew up
hopefully I'm getting a car an my license back it's going to cost$$$$$$$$$$:p sucks an I still owe 7000 on the accident
rainy day means a day for pampering. and pot.
Don't forget about that 95-91 victory over Belmont Abbey!!!!!
New Mazzy Star. It's what you would expect, and that's not a bad thing at all. Spinning it now on party934.com
how far?
I honestly hate the people in my school. Why couldn't I be raised on a farm where everyone is nice
#Blessed to be around such good people
One of my F A V O R I T E songs: Look at me now
Official #Giants celebration party going on now.
OMG I KNOW! I knew it was gonna be him at the door I was so pissed... -________-
New unemployment up again this week-- 380,000 new unemployed. Not good.
I'm serious ok what did the word start and end with
Giving the old ritual a whirl. Showing a bit of team spirit never hurts...
Busy. Really busy. There has been lots of work and lots of family stuff. Today's my bday, so I'm taking off :) How've you been?
I concede that Dick Cheney is more progressive on the pressing issue of building a Death Ray to steal a giant diamond.
- loving Michelle! Your guests tonight really have Casey's number; I'm hoping you're playing devil's advocate re: brain damage
Just found out that I can get a Certificate of Completion from Lynda.com, in ur opinion, is it worth anything?
Helping the world only takes a moment
A range of resources helped him with his search (social networking, gov't, privately owned) but no one stop shopping
No Txt Bk? Oh OK!
reminding me it's time to rerent that movie. And not eat VM food again. Ever.
THE SPEED LIMIT IS 70 WHY ARE ALL THESE CARS GOING 60 AND IN THE EXPRESS LANE.
Bill Parcells to the big easy for a year? Unbelievable if that happens.
I already know how I didn't make the team so i'm definetly not going to bother even checking
I gotta leave you alone lol thats for my last tweet
rain check?
Okay..... at least that was something. Waiting with fingers crossed.
Watched "Game Change" recently. Best line: "When you lose the moral high ground to Dick Cheney it's time to rethink your entire life."
#mothersdaycontest Winner will be announced Mothers Day
how'd you like it??!!
nap was too long Lololololol
it wouldn't send my tweets! My messages to the world were never heard. But of course my tweet complaining about it went through.
Glad to have you here! RT : “TY for the invitation! : 1ra fiesta en Twitter de ! #quericavida”
Going for a run to ease my mind
Lol I hate the busy tone
Hi J.. 1 of my daddies lived 11 years in TO. The Meteorologist from Boston, MA. He misses living there but remembers it fondly
Riding around with my sister and nephew.
The Region 7 AOSII panel is now reviewing app #120008 Madame Walker Urban Life Center.
I've been carbo-loading for the last 30 years or so in case I ever need to go on a 5,000 mile run
We are excited to hear more about at our June meeting. Should be very informational!
I know... I know a lot of people who died from cancer or who had cancer and it's really awful :'(
I may have to listen to some
you have maneged to put a song in my head, but I hope my words make you feel so much better, and sleeping a goodnight tonight :-*
Go Blue!!
Amen to that!!
Great to meet Min Song, editor of journal JAAS, at our #AAAStudies2012 exhibit.
ur an ass!! nuthin about andy falling is funny!! >:(
is any relationship worth a break!? its basically like you already broke up .
I won't stop! I love u Matt!
Just Got This Pink In My Hair And I Already Feel Like An Air Head LOL
nine Ish..we can hop the next one out...
thank you, we do not have a magazine but we do deliver to Indiana
Came some body answer our Question!!! Why do white people hate black people!!! Some body pls answer that!! ya'll made black ppl slaves
ok r u alrite u just spelled that way jacked up xD
thanks! Great to be here!
haha i love
Charles & Baltimore Friday 11-2 last Day to get a Reuben grill before St Pats day... Get out of your stuffy office and enjoy the 75 weather
I feel like a badass got my blood drawn twice got a shot and it the peanuts:)
Bitches out here sayin they cuffed but aint gotta ring on they finger..
thanks! I will!
omg thank you so much !!! You literally just made my life!!
So close to flipping out
RT : The special FX team producing this thunder/lightning in NYC right now is really overdoing it. Come on guys, tone it down....
u look amazing to hav 5 kids!:) wht's their ages?
Congrats on your number of followers!!!
We'll be answering emails all weekend. Watch for our Cyber Monday BIG deals. Sign up for free with our newsletter.
So no school for you? Lol, I brought 3 cupcakes. :b
: RT : “: "If Tebow retired, he'd have a great post-NFL career as a fullback coach_." Quarterback Coach #WCTD”
Schools a damn prison!!
Here I'm. Here you are. Here we are. ♥
it's not a Country music but this Beach Boys cover medley is another chance to use the bathroom...and refill the wine glass.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane :)
Thank you. Just RL! I shall now bury myself in writing interview questions! :)
I like to express an exuberance for life, inspired by humanity's evolving journey.
draaaaawzzzz!!!!! Me n fizzle mommy come ova to raid ur crib, fridge, n laptop today cuz its a rainy day
Thanks Nick!
#aha2011 Thanks George Mason U and Roy Rosenzweig rip for the Center for New Media! Abt to be renamed.
#ronpaul is the right choice for America!
- um....#epic and wonderful and SO meant to be seen on the big screen.
Indeed. “: Do you understand your life is priceless?? #TCHRA”
ONE BIG ROOM FULL OF BAD BITCHES.
You want to give Sparks to students? Are you trying to get me banned? God bless ya!
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, wretched, bored, dejected only here's the rub, my darling dear, I feel the same when you
Probably you shall.
I want it all
missing my little cousin oh yeah n his momma
Yay that would be awesome! I was gonna mention it to you! You might just have to take off work;)
MY LIFE. It's horrible.
come drop off those disks i got heat to produce
♥The darkest nights hold the brightest stars♥
A big WELCOME to Villanova Law! Glad you are joining us at our Transactional LawMeet!
was just told that forecasts means it'll rain in 90% of that designated area, not "chance of rain." It's mind-blowing.
I have no interest in watching #Kentucky vs. #Kansas tonight... love college basketball but hate both those teams.
he did it! J calmed his bro down. Super cute. He totally understands him.
aw!! Thanks lee! That seriously ment a lot to me! Made my night! THANKYOUU:)
Did you know that Georgia Tech awarded more than 900 undergrad engineering degrees last weekend? Mechanical engineering led the way with 206
Watch "Dan Rather Reports" -- on now on HDNet -- to see segment on -- we're up next!
Andre 3000 to play Jimi Hendrix in an upcoming biopic! He's perfect for the role
The David Beckham commercial was the highlight of my night ...
No doubt, Rumble in the Bronx is the best!
right people like that need to stay home and keep being miserable with themselves.☔
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ZACK RYDER!! :D :D
atown now #Arlington, brought up in Malden
Going to take a long walk at Millennium then of course I'm going to have to go eat at Guads !
oh wow. lol!
Ha no.
Page is done and awesome
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the New York Giants and New Orleans Saints for a free Scorzie!
But wait, there's more!
Male prof to female student in hallway: "You look good...I mean relaxed and all that."
The vast majority of criticisms I see about #Fringe episodes are from ppl who didn't pay attention to things that were clearly explained.
Looking for things you made your mom for mothers day. Was it art and crafts, a bird house, etc?
3. CQ Today/CQ.com article on the intelligence authorization bill and Wyden's hold on it over extension of 2008 FISA update authorities.
haha at least we found out the truth! And through personal experience lol. Call me soon to update me on your life!
Very excited to join the #ucrADPchat tomorrow with and regarding #interview tips!
Anyone tried any good craft #beer lately? What was it? Looking to try something different.
I love you.
Daily GTKY question: What would you do with 4 million dollars worth the gold bricks?
what about the US?
Indeed! Am looking forward to the convos.
Tickets for the Trick 'R Trolley are now SOLD OUT! (Record time! Under 5 minutes!)
I try
Happy EASTER, live this day sharing ur happiness amongst others*
To the contrary, it's deja vu all over again in 75-minute increments... but it's not just a sensation, methinks it's real
After May 20.. you will once again be haunted by my NON stop tweets & internet activity, until then, Im LIVING! =)
hey guys.
When you're at the dentist and they bring out the drill<<<<<<<<<<
HEINZ GRADS - spread the word, we can all live tweet during graduation weekend with the hastag #hnzgrad12 get on it.
you two are such an inspiration.#turntoyou. That makes me love my mom more.
Hahaa! What kind of sandwhich? Did it have a..bun!? Lol!
Never be friends with a drug/alcohol counselor. They are excellent at peer pressure.
or it's stupid because there are way better artists than Skrillex playing.. Learn your roots before you talk shit
tylers makin some #new ncaa rules!
perhaps this person is overly attached then? Doesn't want to risk it in checked baggage?
Meijer yeah, buy buy baby #no. Red Sun Chinese Place in front of hotel #everbeen there?
I'm protesting Patrick Kane's rookie drinking skills. 3-week booze camp with me and
carve out your own legacy Kiehl! They talked smack about Can before '10, Jason before '04, and Stan before '93. Results 38-0
There are no midday hugs scheduled on my calendar. *sigh*
About To Trade My Dre Beat Headphones For My Boys Skullcandy Hesh's...Dre Beats Suck When It Comes To Mixing!
is my hero for the strawberry pie from he brought to his appointment today!
Sorry I haven't been able to get on and say hello to all of y'all lately! Been working a lot:/
All of a sudden thinking about getting a tv...
I want it all BACK
Go, go, go!! You can do it! That's less than a page an hour.
Happy b-day, mama!
parasites and 250 types of bacteria are
