Looking for #network #Programmers for roles in the #BayArea #Iceland, and
yes I did...good news...let me know
Anyone have friends in Turkey? A friend's Syria dig was canceled, but she still has a plane ticket to Turkey. Let me know please!
I think your account got hacked.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. - Emily Dickinson
I gotta stalker. . She came into outback tonight. . . Was creepin hard
For winter training, check out Train Chicago Studios Computrainer room
what it do cherokeedassxxx when can i get in one of your movies i have the skills and talent
": I miss Braydon"what about me?
:-) RT : +1 RT : OH: "My team sucks at estimation." me:"Who doesn't? Are /you/ very skilled at predicting the future?"
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak. ~Hopi Indian Saying
How did I know that you were going to get stuck with the bill last night!?
I think it was called "McConaughey Vs The Dragon". He doesn't do any surfing in it, but he wants to. Kate Hudson was probably in it.
That #GameofThrones episode was excessively pornographic. And bad.
Nalani's playing Pogs! It's the newest thing at her school. Cant believe Pogs are back :)
... wasted. : In your opinion, Felix Hernandez's performance tonight was _______.
Why can't Twitter get it together & make retweets modifiable through the platform? Seems like a major factor driving folks to desktop apps.
and seriously which is it is rick now a terrible talent evaluator or a talent developer? siva?tj?samuels? all prime examples
Oh my boys are lookin GOOD tonight!
you're moving from lovely steamboat back to tornado country?
yes-- dark/depressing/ironic
Haha aww yea its funny bc il hit Isaih n she gets so mad but if isaih hits me she'll just sit n look at me Haha
spoke in LA monday conference on innovation in workforce and
I appreciate that and I will try to take it. :) Thanks.
you guys ok in the storms this week?
How do you return an app? (twitter is failing a lot right now.)
#Nevertrust a bitch that gotta lot of ear wax in her ear!
back in Seattle... for now :)
Hey peoples, get down to where is saving lives through the cleansing power of Rock.
What if reason is just another emotion/feeling?
They're 4-1 WITHOUT him. He can have a _/
Thanks for the website love!
Smile, and the world smiles back
might head to Croatia in September. What are two must visit spots that are close to good vines?
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT!
#Actors, shoot #headshots with me within a week of your birthday and get one look free!
"Sheriff Joe" & #ObamaBirther are trending. Spotlighting this lunacy is part of the problem. Pls share other AZ stories!
The Biggest room in the world is room for Change, room for self development.
Now on Newark Mosaic: "Slam Dunk The Junk" video featuring #Newark community clean up project via 's YouTube Channl. Chk it out.
My dlvr.it automation on one of my blogs just went crazy, sending out year-old posts to all my profiles. Sigh.
RT Due to coal shortages, Santa will give 2011 Colts highlight tapes to naughty kids this year.
"grandma, I'm a leader not a follower"- me. "that's very dangerous"-grandma haha.
you're welcome(:
Happy Valentine's Day from New Delhi! Come celebrate this evening for sumptuous offerings with fine wines and cocktails!
No doubt a hypocrite. Not sure I've ever met a Christian to mock Good Friday.
Man, all this mud on my lawn mower wheels and mowing shoes sure smells like dog crap...........oh wait. #DogCrapProblems 💩
Working on a new menu for the restaurant
There is really no appropriate time for Michael Jackson songs played on fiddle.
RT : Her Ego Bigger Then Her Ass Is ! < LMAO
not at the stuff I'm doing sadly
I love the lion king I'm a big kid now.
Mention this tweet and take half off any hot drink;)
I love everything right now.
Sorry to hear you're in pain! Any way that we can help? Back pain does make things harder.
i'm wondering if rebirth in self knowledge which tells you you've been wrong your whole life makes you eligible for disability. who knows?
Omg recently I person has been breaking into houses on our county so every time a car drives by I sprint to my pool and jump in!!
Anytime! All you have left to do is clean your desktop! I wont be able to help you if I have an anxiety attack! :-)
coming up..
Drake please die!
Today's going to be amazing. :]
Thanks much for the RT!
well we will have nap time!
So sorry for the barking shed-fest!
“: But my bro is buyin for , , and I...gotta take advantage”whoop
The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants
Kashmiri v Regents... The gift that keeps on giving!
he didnt use pennys he used bills.
You must go. Just watch out for that dried fish jerky they sell in gas stations. And erupting volcanoes.
New obsession
just writin a song called "Love Drug". im not sure if the name sounds too rated r but i dont care haha
Down goes Rogers. Welcome to the neighborhood!
haha! You want me to pinch you? Gusgus! ;)
The punk with the bright purple mohawk on a BMX totally set the mood for the day. Only wish I could have snapped a photo.
I have never had a Smash Burger so I am going to see McCabe and try one. I feel my arteries exploding now.
well gotta finish my HOMEWORK ttyl love ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am tied to the live blogger table (full of chocolates!) in Track 1 for most of the morning. Let's meet!
I WOULD LOVE THAT LIKE YOU DONT EVEN KNOW!!!:D
sup boo.!!
Neil deGrasse Tyson on human sex organs & #IntelligentDesign - "...an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system."
We see your brand as a mythic story, a brand narrative. Engage your audience with that narrative. Make it memorable. Make it meaningful.
That moment when you've been watching 2 guys shoot @ a basket for 5 mins & don't realize they're playing horse b/c they're 0-20 combined.
So it's my birthday... Can I have a follow?
Any kind :) blog type videos, music videos, etc... <3
keepin after it for sure. Kind of bizarre the ups and downs. Look forward to reconnecting.
I'm like the first & last piece of bread in the loaf, nobody wants us. :(
Newman = toast
where is your fav place to work out and how many times do you work out
You are correct, tix are hard to come by, I'd give TM a call but Tues/Wed night have best availability
working comp-time I see rt I accomplished more in one day then 3 of ya mothafuckers working a 40hr week
Ever get the feeling you are missing someone you've never met? What blasphemy is this! Mind blown.
I like your radio voice, now that I can listen to your show while at work I totally will.
Madison East 1, Middleton 0 after 3 innings in Big Eight Conference baseball, Game moved to Middleton due to wet grounds.
Can't wait till Christmas & the day after :))))
RT : Ashleigh Flynn and The Quiet American are on tap tonight at part of the Discovery Series @ The Café - 7:30 pm.......
What it do? Time for in the afternoon
The problem with gummy vitamins is I keep forgetting sometimes candy has a toxicity level.
welcome home. Hope the partay was fun. Gmma musta been happy 2 c u
What's gonna get me thru work tonight?....ill give you a hint lol...Passion Fruit, Mango and Orange!!!
TRAFFIC: Crash I39 NB MM 128 near DeForest - center lane affected until around 11:30
U mad, bro?
Thank god for the distraction of the golden globes. At least I don't have to think about the packers loss.
haven't played it yet but I intend to. Still trying to login to Diablo3 :)
Pretty great that I can download, annotate, sign, and email a contract all from my iPad.
check out our commissioning program online, and give us a call if you've got questions.
So Pumped For Kings Island!!!(:
I would say I love you back..... but you're not left handed.. so :)
I just met Holy sh*t!
Norm must have some crazy ass allergies
Insight from my 5th grade son: Being strangled by a minotaur would be less stressful than 5th grade homework.
i come home from a nice weekend to a messed up room with my sheet off my bed and like 4 things missing yes im going to be in a bad mood mom
Hope #API is great this weekend!
I should really stop being lazy and take a shower..
sat down with The Revivalist to discuss BBNG2 and more!
that's great, congrats! Let em know they can book models from
I think you mean that he was 'singing' it.
yeah I will! 1sec!
Thanks for reading!!!
they could have at least included a picture of the 22 inchers....
I ship Hen
Those mcdoubles on the way home might have been a bad idea. Haha
Rough start, just getting to my point of meditation, see ya'll in a couple hours
Better team doesn't give you the right to win... U have 2 win first... otherwise, you still lose... no matter who it is
Can't wait to scrape the ice off my car. Hey - help a girl out!
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Check out theentertainmentbucket.com
So much hatred in this world
Hey fellow marketers: Do LinkedIn custom groups (the $50k per month ones) still exist? Googling, but results are all from 2009.
Oh so you can't make hard boiled eggs in the microwave
cuz they appreciate the layers of strategy
Guys need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually.
#AllRelationshipsNeed to be able to act like bestfriends
Aww shit, and my hair is all long and wild right now lol. I've met him before, but I was very young.
RT : About to mix the last tunes for new Fellowship Band record. Brian Blade & Marvin Sewell
and how did you find out it was the sitch's cuz?
Take it one 20-minute sprint at a time. You can do it!!
Good things come to those who wait, but only the things left by those that hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
Order sent to Alicia in WA!
I haven't done anything to make ME Happy so.... I'm finna go WILD!!! like a 16 yr old rebellious child!!! lmao
Thank you so much 4 following! Sharing #experience, #strength & #hope w/ others. Create a wonderful day!
#ADCDebate RANDOM TOPIC TIME!
come check us out wed night if your in town homie!
VSU Special Collections & Archives will be closed on Monday July 4, 2011 for Independence Day. We will reopen on 7/5/2011.
follow back preeeeetttty please :))
If you are interested in joining inbox us or send an email to
funny you love josh HUTCHERSON but don't know how to spell his name
I wish was here...
Great read!!! 7 Mistakes of Social Media Wimps - Sally Hogshead htyp://sallyhogshead.com/hogblog/7-mistakes-of-social-media-wimps
3 stooges remake is the racial equivalent to the Fat Albert remake in that they are both TERRIBLE FUCKING IDEAS
I thought its somthing els and those paged are not reall ?
yup u surprised me a lil too muc lol i thought iwas about to get robbed LOL
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for wills and estate planning for each spouse.
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one, just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
NCIP connection w/ Polaris & Innovative could open doors for INN-reach sharing
Lunch time! Every one's picking on my #justinbieber picture :(
#nowplaying put that a*$ to work
To max #ROI ok, I bought the kindle version, but #WTF soundtrack seems to be missing . . .
America needs One direction<3 we love you here
Pleeeeez, BabyJeebus! Let your disciple Little Timmeh go a-witnessin' to the #Raiders! Me, I'll even pray for it!
I always cry in Charlie St. Cloud...
Yay! :) Love your blog!
Finally! DevOps Meat
good luck to your lovely wife in the Mrs. World pageant nxt wk. and all of us will be rooting 4 I!
Come to my final Glee Concert tonight in Party Space @ 9pm! I'm accompanying lots and will be singing, too! Free food and dessert after!
shows recognizes #overseas talent but is firm on #outsourcing and that #DCtech #policy is more than just for
Going to bed with a stuffy nose endless sneezing achey body and can't get enough water hope I feel better by tomorrow.....
If you happy and you know it slap your friend!!!! *looks at *
lol so true...i like Mmkay when all is chill.
Bored as fuck. Someone text me.
Why do so many folks flock to bad movies?
HP Certifies Ubuntu Linux
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit.
Jus ended the studio session work hard and late then get up early n start this process all over again FLiGhtSkool
Hope y'all enjoyed the hotel! Have a great day!
Good morning everyone! How was your weekend? Today we will do a bit of Q & A! Trivia fun!!! So what for it starting at 10am!
Denim on denim. Good look, guy.
PickUpLine: You smell wet. Let's Party.
bulls lost Lil Crusha I'm sick.
Really don't want to get out of my nice warm bed. Ugh 💤💤
This whole getting off work at four am thing is strange...
RT : Hope all of you rescue moms out there had a great Mother's Day!
Don't miss Matthew Bourne’s re-interpretation of one of ballet’s classic and most beloved stories, Swan Lake on 3/20! Tix
Sips o' the Irish. Top of the evening to ya. Happy St. Patty's Day
DJ auto-scroll
Dog like.. I seriously don't any prob w/ whoopin yo ass!
mr.juarez needs to speak with you c:
Enjoy limo 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Why can't you listen to me for one in yo life
"Doug, you're a winner with or without the hat." Patti Mayonnaise was giving motivation way before Kelly Rowland.
found my itouch!! back on twitter(:
78 days left of school. May 17th.
gosh your my idol !" :)
Mini Golf Tournament 9 am 's in #BeachHaven or Beat the #heat with an early #HAPPYHOUR and 's Tavern at 3.
This guy wrote choreography for the club... Boy let the music move you with all you got #nolife with
tell them im here
": Courage will help you focus on the opportunities in front of you instead of on the problems. #quote"
Even their "standard" sizing runs ridiculously small, is what I discovered when I tried them on.
Carnegie + Gitomer = Ultimate Sales Success. If you are serious about growing your business, drop me a line. So psyched for this program!
Congrats Steve Hartnett! The Academy’s Associate Director of Education was interviewed by USA Today for a story slated to run on Monday!
Serious writing is overrated. ;)
“It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long. Guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
going to support at The Baseball Tavern.
Whats going on? I usually rely on you for all my Jags news...
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible. - Frank L. Gaines
Thanks for asking, but I won't receive any presents until after dinner tonight. Spring jacket, and stereo stuff I think.
": #powerlunch"***That's a Good Look***
Well done Andy.... Hopefully our bats will bail you out
she won't let me come to u
We appreciate the support from "Up North" Happy Jazz Appreciation Month
Chilling at home wit Danelle, & Sarah getting ready to watch the Blazers / Suns game
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!!
keep me posted lol
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the airport sales clerk and airline ticket agent say, "Have a good flight," and I say, "You, too."
Draymond Green wiping the court.
Whenever I try to talk to my dad about himself, I realize that a conscious lack of self-examination is a huge part of his life.
#nowplaying "Up Up Up" and "Saw You First" on repeat... great start to the day!
#Cabernet Day is here! It is way too hot for cabernet. Anyone interested in drinking a little #Savennieres? :D
I might finish this pint of peach sorbet before Obama finishes speech #debtceilinganxietymuch?
lol just wrong
well I did nigga! I love how these tweets have nothing to do with Harry but he's still in them(x
Sounds like a plan!
No problem! Y'all will be a good radio team
Rest in Peace MJ.
": I can't even focus in school anymore, all I think about is SUMMER!"
Good night, friends! Talk to ya all tomorrow!))
RT : Dan, Improve perception of schools, aggressive innovation centers, adult education (re-education).
This is so random… but you are at the Palmer house, right?
And cheese! :)
Whenever A Boy sees a Girl cry, Thats when the real them comes out.
lmao "Girl you stank, take a bath" #SouljaBoy !
Cc RT : Omg listening to yotes on am radio is tough to do!!!! Howl!!!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Chilling at my sisters #Softball practice!!(:(:
Love you so much! You are the
i wish there were two of me
on wednesday ?
Southern boys are adorable. <3
RT : Screaming Tuna S.I.N. Mondays. Super savings on sushi, sake & spirits. See us at 10Six Seeboth.
A lot of people from school saw my picture on instagram, & were like "if you need someone I'm here." "cutting isn't right." blah blah blah.
awee damn i used all my skips , , #SlawwAssSong doee
Playing a NLHE tournament with the "SD Syndicate." I probably need a win today in order to be seriously in the running for a ME event seat.
Well said... "Nail it before you scale it" via
You had me at "comfy chairs"...
Grab me some #Runza, would ya? RT : Back in Kearney, Nebraska.
IM SO BORED! SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM MY BOREDNESS!!
to need release
I don't recall that garbage
"You have to think big to be big." -Claude M. Bristol
Just check your DMs please
Letters submitted to Interfolio will not be altered. If the writer includes the date, then it will show.
I haven't! I'll ask around.
<-- Prius owner eagerly awaiting the release of the C-MAX, want to compare
Really enjoyed meeting Kandice w/ at this weekend's FtLauderdale wedding!!
Happy Holidays!! Thank u 4 your follows, retweets & support! Spinal/neck injuries keep me from posting daily but hopefully remedied in 2012!
Burying a Catbert doll, maybe?
Never let it be said I don't follow back!
I liked Flat Out Love. Do you follow your fans?
Yes it was RT : Seen a happy couple actually having fun together last nite..u dnt see that too often
I agree. It really is the worst air port ever.
IM SO READY FOR SCHOOL TO BE OVER OR TO DROP OUT OR FOR IT TO BE OUTLAWED
It doesn't matter whether I'm good at it or not, I *really* like computational geometry.
:( I can't go this year but Ashley will be there! RT : - you ladies are GOOD! see you at #PINCamp?
Just finished the bday celebration! Awesome time! hooked me up! My ppl at Lucy's kept the booze flowing. Whew Lawdy!!
Our song Single For Sure is on Radio Cafe's Top Ten Countdown, Help us to get to No. 1 by voting for our song! You can vote everyday!
R∈TW∈∈T★ If you have Less then 5,000 Followers ( FOLLOW my homie ) Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k+ ( Mention When Done)
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
why is this tool following me and better yet, why am I following him...things to ponder while driving
No more time for nasty losers! Call me what you like but I only speak the truth ;)
people who steal from musicians are the fucking SCUM OF THE EARTH. sorry doods.....sending love your way....
Thanks for the #FFs, everybody!! GO CATS!
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 3
It's hard to deny the best team in the country. Good for Kentucky. As Pitino said, "bring it home"
Every time I eat I feel AMAZING!
I just confess my everlasting love to him hahahaaaahahahahah
cheh who's talking now, ahaha! :D
OF COURSE JOHN KRASINSKI WOULD COME INTO WORK ON THE DAY I SWITCHED FOR A DIFFERENT SHIFT.
“: changing my name to ” <-- Its a pretty good name if I do say so myself!!
Finally Friday!!!! Couldn't come soon enough! Have a great weekend everybody!
Obama didn't call Assad a reformer as you claimed, he called him a war criminal you pathological liar!!!!!!!!!!
call me
for the record: more cameras in TC courtroom for #Apple hearing than anytime in (my) recent memory.
I was thinking same re: an SD SNL. And not to plug myself but I was practicing my NF homage in the car this AM
I feel like an american walking through Germany the day after WWII
We want to thank everyone who attended last night's Community Mixer & Luau. We are grateful for all the support and involvement!
Stopping by to say hello
Any up and coming videographers out there with industry quality? Hit us up
My mind is blown right now!!
I hope it will - look forward to reading it!
Alex Smith... Wow.
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stinky sleigh!!
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "We GOT Work!"
Uhm they wouldn't have Jessica Simpson on #FashionStar if she didn't know what's going on in fashion. He was rude.
Oh, you hate me.? Thats weird cause I've never even talked to you before.
Thanks for the chat!
And Sveum looks ugly in blue and red.
ive been missing you nate <3333
Sending love to our mamas today.
#Santorum: We have five weeks until a big win here in
This is not a threat, but a fact of history.
4 most part, media is not capable of going beyond stereotypes, sad 2 say. richness of humanity baffles mainstream media
“: Does anyone else give to Christmas gift charities?” we save are year long change and donate it
RT : On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
its not that he wouldn't be great at it... I just think he should stick to acting and not give into the pressure
I sure did, I don't know what else to do on here....
Not gonna have my car back for another week! FML!
The highest price ever paid for a sushi grade Bluefin Tuna was $396,000 for a 754 pound fish ($526/lb) on January 4th, 2011 at Tsukiji
Bridesmaids with
"I like you.I like you.I like you--but i really want her.."hmm where is this from?
RT Sold last copy of Bringing up the Bodies just b4 Mr. came in. SORRY! << There goes Mother's Day. ::SOB::
Prettier than #Halley and thicker than
Do you do Q&As whenever you get bored? Lol
Last night my wife and 2 daughters went ot girlnscout camp and no movies on tv. Tonight HEART BREAK RIDGE FOR ALL U JARHEADS. But damn good.
We just created a new list titled 'Laser Scanning Industry', follow it here: /laser-scanning-industry
NY SHRUNK YOUR FOOT!?!
We certainly do got with Invisalign! Please give us a call if you have any other questions 858-352-7890
Thanks for the follow! A on GOLF Road?! likes the sound of that!
Went ahead, replaced 5-yr-old MacBook before its death. Impressed it lasted this long. Could've prolonged w/ wipe/fresh install, but... enh.
There is so much hate in this world; it is disgusting. Give back, be humble, and love widely.
just making sure my assumptions were correct, guess they were.
No time to recover.
WAS SO FUN RT drinking bottles with homies bout to check out the Naked and Famous.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ---Judy Garland
still available in bottles.
I'll definitely check it out...
I am looking for a new library position, if you know of someone retiring, please let me know...thanks.
Trade has "branded" it the "official retirement" home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see.
It didn't take long... I didn't make it thru the 365 on Flickr, yet again. Hows the pups?
good luck winning the lottery folks
news: Top Benefits Of Technology Blogs
I luv Nicholas Sparks! The movie is probably good
lol once i got full of eating so i was just sitting at the table and he goes "justin bieber" and i got up and ate. lmfao
Saw "The Avengers" on Sunday. Nice to hear that original Hulk Lou Ferrigno got to voice the Big Guy's only line in movie.
AND #coxcable Tier 2 guy did NOT know #xkcd #shibboleet comic strip joke, so can't be a real tech support geek.
Im Brilliam So Today In French I Was Like ThaTs What Make Me Hate You More Zayn For Ni Apparent Reason
Are all the invites going to go out tonight?
For the WIN
Seriously you're way overreacting about this. It's been going on since November. Time to grow the fuck up. We're in high school.
I just saw the commercial for season 2 and I started jumping around in excitement
She say my #MUSIC Bangn like 10 FREAKS
Why do people go to the gym again? Do they not know what a nap is?
Costumes and Trick-or-Treating tomorrow! Positive Tomorrows students love Fall Break Camp, even on rainy days!
Omg, I CANNOT with this white girl wearing a scarf and a bonnet....and her boyfriend is a marshmallow thug!!!
I want to thank the federal government for giving me the opportunity to be unemployed so I could tweet abt & watch really bad tv.
Is up gettin that money
" Had I thought I wasn't ahead, I'd have chinned in and finished that arm lock" -- NICK DIAZ. He could've, but chose not to?
today i am happier than a bird with a french fry :)
Appreciate the support means a lot.
Gingrich spoke about Martin L. King, Jr. and honoring his legacy, while Perry talked about his work in Texas and his appointments.
For my gamer friends out there don't forget to follow
I love wandering down greeting card aisles by myself looking at the Valentines Day section because weeping is great for my abs.
. hey so I know I'm skinny and white but we're totally cousins and I heard you made it to the NFL so you wanna give me some $$$?
Kim Kardashian threatens, err, says she want to run for Glendale, CA Mayor. OMG. If Glendale folks can't tell their ass from an ass...
60% of the time...it works every time.
Thanks! With the rain I'm very happy to have my suitcase. RT : rooting for you today after your crazy travel to get to dc
So ready to see miss Greer tomorrow
Hope I didn't forget any mothers.
Did u know that if you're rich in Las Vegas u can do whatever u want? U can even be a total douchebag!
This Mac is testing my patience. I've waited an hour and a half for it to start up. What in the world is going on?
Yes!! Where do you want to go?
Should the Chronicle of Higher Education be boycotted until Naomi Schaefer Riley is removed from #Brainstorm?
"Nothing is but thinking makes it so." - Shakespeare
BIG weekend for - Men in Froz4 & Women r Nat'l Champs
Mom and Dad are taking us for a ride in the CAR to see POLLY!! Hey wait...Polly is our VET! Did I just hear someone say "shots"?!?
I had an epiphany the moment I was born. I'm going to have to shave down there all my life.
You know who's services the Packers could really use right about now? Johnny Jolly.
Get over it. It was the past, people change. Just because someone does ONE thing wromg doesn mean they are a teerible person.
can't wait to see!
FUCK YOU. YOU LIAR
Paul can still rock it out.
gm gm gm gm gm ciroq had that ass last night
RT : Your REAL FRIENDS are there for you when you're down and out.
One great thing about warmer weather around in winter is being able to run outside!
Good luck this weekend .....proud of you !
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
Haters don't really hate you they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be
That moment when I realize I subconsciously got dressed up today to impress somebody.
Gotta love sample day at Whole Foods!
hell ya
Ridin solo 2nyt but thanks for all the mad fans that came out 2nyt...
I want some boba! Mom if you see this... lets go get some boba!!! XD
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons.
What's Gucci Mikey? How ya dern? ;)
Super excited to celebrate Ashy Larry Wednesday tomorrow.
' I wnt it to stop, but it won't!
Great discussion about violence and the mvmt in the Cold Civil Rights Cases class Thanks Brett Gadsen & Hank Klibanoff; great work!
Crazy fucking night... All I know is that I'm not letting my room mate drink for a while...
Have a great day everybody!
Thanks for sharing your love with all...Marley Family everywhere I send you love,peace and happiness...
Started my "Worthy" painting yesterday, hope to get my camera back from my son so I can share some progress pics along the way! :)
damn, like all the different combos haha alright sweet thanks and anything you know that will help me get hired?
Wallace what's up? I cross the crosses cause I bury my losses. Keep it moving like a G6 in traffic.
That's why we got Brandon Marshall! Nice 60yd catch and stiff arm for the TD.
follow me andreww !!! :)
Learn to Live
no need for an identity crisis. We are still listening.
you'll always be my best guy friend:) <3
#DavidGraziano "Tell me the number you'll accept?" <-question gets asked of candidate and the hiring manager before problems start
#5thingsyoucantdo is Roll a blunt of Kush at a Police Dept & Light it up and say, Hey Mr. Police you want a pull! This shit is Gucci!!
Hold your phone shes got a cannon
I'm here to take advantage of the things you take for granted!
BULLS WIN!!!!!!! Bring on the Miami Heat!! I can't wait!
.... accent related 'comment'. WAs, yes a few days old, but I agree with gary neville, so thought it was well worth re-tweeting,okay?. And
Down .6lbs. Could've been more but I'm addicted to candy.
Boys: if you're talking to a girl don't be talking to 10 other girls at the same time
I can't see what you're replying to...
RT : News flash! Out of touch academic claims she's never...
no way bro! He doesnt make a crappy movie..
You're lucky I ain't have drop him from the team.
I should go to sleep but I just can't... #hadtworedbullstoday 😁😝
What do you mean still sick?
i used too
Hey Justin! My new account. Like it? <3 <3
Yeah, sad about #KaleidoscopeVillage - I had high hopes for that place. Thought it might be my home eventually.
We have a Limo or two available this weekend. Call now before you miss your opportunity to rent the nicest Limo and Limo Buses in Pittsburgh
hate to count Kobe out but this game is over
There you go again...ruining my surprise! :(
thanks edgar! Not running though, just working!
Also, people that are undecided for the general election generally skip primaries. Somehow, there are still a lot of them.
Thanks Carol!
Have fun at the Zones! RT : Working on review of Cherdonna & Lou Show. Then to Twilight Zone ....
Just about to see #Avengers with and !!! So excited This is so exciting! :D
So sorry, I missed your dm. The prize includes all agency fees required to create a spot. Client pays expenses, incl. media.
Actually, that's the only logical way to read it.
GURL ON YO MIND CUZ CLEARLY YOUR NOT ON HIS IM JUST LETTIN THAT BE KNOWN
Im gonna' miss austin with his braces </3
Finally off. The office was a drag today
PeeWee Herman coming up on the #tvlandawards ... this should be a hoot !!
¿¿¿ipod ipod where for art thou my ipod???
I wonder how moth stew tastes?
first three people to become a friend of Lew Hagood on Fb today will receive a free copy of his book Pieces of Me...
Search KARISSA LYNN on Youtube to see my cover of Closer by Kings of Leon!!!
and thanks for following us!
According to the Hub network, Mall Santa premieres tonight, Dec 17, and will air on Dec 24th at 1:30 pm EST.
I'm just not sure we create experiences that allow for all kids potential to be tapped. Is there any ownership of the learning?
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow. ~ L. Ron Hubbard
if u could only see what I look like right now Lol..... I'm living so I can't complain :-}
It's official, an additional artist has been added to the BonfireJam Pensacola Beach lineup, but we cannot announce just yet! Hmm...
Lady gaga is a uhly man
he's leaving right meow
Will someone just come write this stupid thing for me? I checked out of school at least week ago.
Damn got love boys and there toys(:
Thanks Chicago for the kickass time last night!
Where human rights are under attack, being in a #network lets you draw on the power of a much larger group committed to the mission
So those Swedish Fish I got you are sitting on my bed and they are calling my name
How do I merge my two #Twitter accounts.. and
Thanks, Chris!
I think so. I was wondering why they offered a regular shuttle to Sycuan when I signed the lease.
Happy Derby Week! We still have a few tables on our patio for ALL concerts this week at 4th St Live! Call/Text Tobi Danise at 502.417.7640
I am tired
predictions for this weekend? Spurs for Champions League? United for the title?
did i hurt your feelings? oh, fucking sucks.
sounds delicious
Attended the UICA film benefit event this week showcasing academy award winner for documentary short Daniel Junge's One Day and Saving Face
I don't smoke. I don't do drugs. I'm a virgin.I will not lose my self-respect just to fit in.
thanks for voting today + I hope Alex voted early or got an absentee
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
No, I get wasted and watch it from the sidelines. It's my St. Patty's day.
Thanks ! Me Too Love The picture !
Are you staying warm and safe?
Very awesome news: This weekend the #SpursChicas will be at the games!
Picking out some sessions at the Wisconsin association of academic librarians conference. Everything looks good!
Nick Fury.
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks will do :-)
Thank you! When are you up here? I would like to see you <3
Great tips! Thank you!
We must agree that & are two excellent local Indiana choices!
easy money $$$
Listening to Farting in the general direction of my house plants. I need a goddamned adventure.
That's because Portland's public transit is awesome! How are you?
after all the good ive done i still dont see why they mad at me
im with my lil sis she is lurning how to go to the bathroom hahaha lol
Money Saving Tip: W/ the cooler weather coming in, consider leaving your windows open when you sleep. Enjoy the fresh air & the savings.
thanks same for annmarie
And the demolition has begun this morning!
Ferguson says City &#39;in driving seat&#39; to clinch Premier League title
don't tease us!!! lol
#GG2011 Natural Leader award for community service goes to James King for his work in Atlanta, GA!!!
Cyber bullying! “: Epic temper tantrum on hold RT thx for being so much nicer about it than + ”
thank u!
Kia had to use there entire marketing budget for 2012 on that commercial
I wish I was petite & tiny so finding cute clothes would be easier. But no, I'm stuck being tall ass Amanda Burke. -_-
And yet I don't think I've ever seen you in a Star Wars tee. The question: Were you dressing up or down?
I hope lakers get swept by OKC 😊😉👍
good luck hope u have a good time praying for you
Just Aced my PHHE test
After watching I remember how said I kind of sound like Phil Phillips... Alex, that man is a god. I'm not xD
After watching that video... Cam's reasoning > Zach's reasoning.
hi buddy ari~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care xoxo <3
I want to go goose hunting tomorrow but don't have anyone to go with
U.S. stocks opened lower; Greece's struggle to form a government intensified worry about the region's debt.
thank you for feeling so conflicted on my behalf. i take your jealous rage as a compliment, naturally.
SAMMMMEEEEEEE I'm so proud to be a fan girl makes NE smile everyday
Say what you will about Lou Bega.
saintly self-control is hard, though I may disagree with what he said, I will defend to the death his right to say it...
Yup.....posted almost 2 hrs ago and it is now showing up in the dashboard...
Thank yall for coming out. God bless you. Goodnight.
'technically this is not porn' LMAO excuse me while I fall over laughing ;)
No way Knicks win this game,king James is so clutch.lebron is way better than mj,better closer than Kobe,more versatile than magic.#sarcasm?
Things you shouldn't say to your Dad; "wow, the yard looks terrible"
RT - What risks are you taking to discover the life you were born to live?
Change it from philadelphia flyers to philadelphia giroux thas the only good player they got!
Note: When writing songs / sometimes stupid shits sounds great / that just happened / Matt
Chris Paul is kinda good.
9 days and this iphone gets activated ^_^
Going to go with for the ladies, and can I pick myself for the guys?
He was being so crazy it freaked me out. He was the driver! Not cool. I even took down his name and can number. Haha.
Time well spent!
Actually, I kind of agree with my sister. They can't change the past once you get back. :p
oh ya princess fairies and all it awesome like I said
Thank you dearly
Eating olive garden tomorrow and maybe shopping! 😊
That's a risky fashion choice for that venue!
All I gotta say is it don't feel very good when you do a 360 and flip over you your handlebars straight to your head.
I haven't finished Death Note. Fuck you.
How is your day going? I hope its great (:
We are not speaking you dolt...we are writing. I would expect a smart atheist pussy like you to know the difference.
#ABQ #Events - SO EXCITED FOR THIS! One Night of Queen by Gary Mullen & The Works. Relive all your Queen favorites Mar 1
how are things in the northern south?
Bracket is no longer perfect .. . One game complete, one game wrong .. .
watching jc caylen's youtube videos<3 How about you?(:
Yes, right, but LCHS too. I did not have Deacon Wentzel who tended to modify these things.
sorry what you been up too?
You can't change someone. Either accept who they are, or start living without them.
Patriots all day baby <3
I need to meet ...like this weekend, after the game.
steampunk could do more, ie address class issues
Mike that is not true, I canvassed on the train last month, lots of people riding during the day.
Happy Valentine's Day < 3
If ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness, I have lots of practice. So, I am an expert at short selling stocks
Hahahahahahah so true :) us whores gotta stick together!
You are doing a great job tweeting from the sbjsba!
David's video won!!!! Thank you to all who voted!
I know you wanna follow me. ;)
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.-- Freya Stark
Happy to see the latest issue of the Newestlatter reach my inbox. One of many good reasons to belong to the International Joyce Foundation
Scratch that... It's Dianna DePinto, lol!! Dumb. I am dumb. Haha!
I'm annoying myself.
what, was Larry David or George Costanza too busy to write this article? lol
wowza! - Neil Patrick Harris in the buff on that stupid sitcom of his - yeah, I think he's hot - and, yeah, it's because he is totally gay!!
My mind is like jello in the ghetto of THIS FREAKING PLAY, MAN!
2 of my coffeeshop research participants use blogs heavily in work sessions--for reading/research not writing. . .
Damn you, ! I finally get my butt out of bed in time to catch the 415, and it's expressing to DC.
you know too much
So true! "Move your tongue like a spoke." WHAT? haha Me: Becka, you're not moving like an arch. You: I'm an animal ON the ark:]
yeah, so of you ever need to talk, I'm here for you.
Oh wee!! RT : just made my damn day! Literally .
Monroe gets 2 RBI on infield single in second by No. 9 hitter Katie Holmes to go up 2-1
RT : Clean Streets, Clean Water: will talk trash and waterways at UM this Wed. 12:30-1:30 p.m. in the Green Room.
Accept the fact that she will melt your heart anytime she chooses.
Any of my fellow Twits use Teux-Deux, Remember The Milk, or Todoist? Recommend one over another?
Apparently I am a #fatass. I broke the couch in my basement when I sat on it
i heard that
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone
Hard work can sometimes make up for the lack of talent.
What can I get with a bagel when I go back to school tomorrow...hm
.'s closing remarks center on the numerous suicides and injuries of football players, including Junior Seau's last week
Go Giants!
We are, in part, defined by our past, but it is the role models or heroes we choose that determine who we become. - itsjustme
Touchdown for touchdown - Oregon & Wisconsin. Every time they say "Monte Ball" I think they are saying "Moneyball"
Superbowl time I don't even like american football
always happy to help!
#LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D lets trend this NOW didint you guys have a dream ?
Agree. A shame we have to lose the awesome actor in order to lose the baggage. Nice to see a GA show, though.
I am going to try to keep my mouth shut so i don't upset this game…
bring it!
YES please
You Dope AF
Two weeks of solitude would serve me well about now...
Romney is the only candidate that stands a chance to defeat a billion dollar Obama campaign
A walk to remember is on<3
I didn't know Kucher did golfers AND pressure washers! :-)
Honestly hwy 37 should be an interstate... It's soo slow
“: Nothing takes the mojo out of a good NBA playoff game like a forced WNBA commercial.” hahaha! That's hilarious
You guys are all about #storytelling so you should LOVE the new format.
good morning!
I'm doing well and you?
Profit Over Wages.
congrats! What a great day for you both.
Im #ScreaMing Real Nigga. By Myself. All Day. Everyday. In my car. On my bike. In church. @ the club.YOU WANNA GO NIGHT NIGHT NIGGA???
no you said delicious >:)
Santorum, we know plants consume CO2 because of the scientific process. The same process that demonstrates mass evidence for global warming.
Welcome to the club!
Give me the chance to love yo. I'll tell you the only reason why. Cause you are on my mind
Blue Kyanite in my present possession
Clippers will win I promise you
This number 1 thing I've learned from this conference is that I need to learn more programming.
Biology is so stupid.
Already read TUMBLEWEEDS. My #waitingonwednesday is Chris Grabenstein's FUN HOUSE, due 5/1.
Q1: I love self-checkout. It's convenient, allows for anonymity, and frees up libs to do more important things.
Leave us your email as a message if you want the best updates!
"Rio+20 is our chance for change". (Gérald Tremblay)
Just woke from a well needed nap....
Are you at the game??
#quote It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.H.L. Mencken
You're already following me but the world needs to know
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return."
I wish I could just be paid to do what I like to do: talk hockey, and read books. Then maybe I would also have the time to not be a fat ass
There Was a Brain Went Broken
And it's not even my birthday ;)
These females need to understand Im nt about to steal yo man on purpose Thats just how i roll
What's on repeat for me this week? 's new album, The Body Wins.
glad you enjoyed your froyo at Orange Leaf! Are you an EMT? If so, I hope you mentioned that to receive your 15% off!
Does each user have to use that authorize part of your blog post? Can you DM me and maybe we can email. I'm desperate.
the answer to HK on any ?? like that,,NO,,& outta respect you your marrige I'll shut up now
“: Realizing you can smell Fierce from a mile away... #aberproblems” work til close
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
and she gives u ur food at. Mickey d's gag!!!
I do! I actually just ordered a new one. It should be here in a week or two. You can get a passport card! Much cheaper!!
#coldplayonidol is killing it!! Reliving the concert they did last week!!!
Wow... RT : The Nielsen numbers are in, and it's official: has beaten the for a second week.
my friends say I'm a skinny person who was an obese person in a past life because i eat so much & I'm so skinny
Maybe Landry should spend more time conditioning and less time bulking up.
"Spaced" on Netflix! Dudes responsible for Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Paul
Don't waste your time on trash.
I figured out the reason my rotator cuff hurts, and his name is Asher.
hi. how is jesper parnevik doing? always been a fan. know he's been hurt. thanks.
Jury returning to courtroom after morning break. Gov. Patrick expected soon after.
I live in a tent
I know very well that this is possible :P
im SO on it
#koreavalentine Dear speculators, I've got a yen for your yen of the #yen. Love, Hyundai-Kia
Thank you for the praise. We do what we can here =)
Of the marketers that have hosted virtual events, 28% claim that it met or exceeded expectations according to Exhibition Media Group.
Fact: Leftists pay protestors. Not all of them, but enough to warrant skepticism.
Don't cry over that boy who broke your heart, he only broke it because he knew he wasn't going to be the one to complete it.
Happy Birthday 2 ya! :)
Well, as much as I'd love to stay up and keep telling more about 1D, she's learning, I really need to go to bed, g'nite! <3
Sometimes no matter how comfortable u are, u still need reassurance with an occasional 'I love u'
glad you were able to make it up for this one.
Have me with some summer sausage
ok then talk to me bb
Absolutely amazing show!!!
Tasha from Texas says I love this place!
Today is Elton John's birthday! He has won 6 Grammy's and was also knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 for his charitable work.
Seriously... These adults and their child talked throughout the WHOLE movie...
Thankyou, ssg. Our art ezine and gallery openings after the first of the year will be awesome. Ya think?
thank you!
Started the day off w/ some warm lemon water and then ate really clean...now to just get off the couch and workout, it'll be a perfect day!
Successful literacy programs, and how to implement them on the national level.
Thanks, ladies!
Nick- Let's compromise. I'll leave if you can spell genius. Hint: There are 2 C's, 2 A's, 2 M's, 1 E, 1 R, 1 O, and 1 N.
Happy Friday #FF follower of the week
great! And the new site will make this even more prominent
Incredible! Thanks everyone for stopping by Liacouras Walk Table 95 for TempleFest. Please join us tomorrow from 1-5! SCT Study Away ROCKS!
's cooking me breakfast butt naked..
Be careful with the Superbowl talk. But yea, I feel so good about this year!
It took many hours yesterday but finally got Git & Drush installed on remote server for the first time & pulling from github.
My time and skills are worth money. If this isn't a benefit to raise money for a not for profit then cut my check.
Libra With a #Libra, your goal is to work towards their butt. That's where it's at. lmao we do have nice butts...i guess...
That happens to me all.the.freaking.time.
Just received unsolicited agile training conference email from a company I shall henceforth refer to only as “SCRUM of the earth”
An app for social cues. A GREAT idea!
Great resource! RT : Great session! Check out the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives: <daln.osu.edu>
maybe we could put something together for tom night.
Said all year the New York Giants were secretively the most dangerous team in the NFL.
will hit u up
Looks cute (:
omg i am soo proud of austin and how far he has come!!
young man, were you even 13 years old in 2000?
With the Home Path Mortgage Program, more people may be able to become home owners!
why haven't you tweeted. );
Cranberry with Vodka ,yum <3
#ObamaFirsts First President to Blame America First.
Happy Cinco De Mayo
Oh, that's right. I read that in his tweets yesterday. Thanks!
yes, that seems to make the most sense
What is it with my Twitter randomly unfollowing peeps? My laptop is possesed O_O
Hi sweets! ;)
Horny? Got Lap Dances! $20 every Wednesday
Gotta jump on that #sc2 practice
Don't know how I feel about all these new rappers. They all seem to be the same dude. And if you sold so much dope why you rappin??
Still dreaming of the warm brussel sprouts, chestnut agnolotti & zeppoles with pumpkin caramel I ate at last night. Happy Friday
that pic was from Friday night. Last night me and Emma relaxed and painted our nails.
just got camp by childish gambino. favorite rapper now!
So NOT funny!
Four minutes after being in Pittsburgh I screamed "Fuck you! Do you know where I'm from?!" to some douche in a pickup truck.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn dat substitute teacher is fine.
8 foot gator, just 8 feet away. I wonder why he was frightened by me?
Oh man I'm beat like a piñata, Gnight :)
Video: He's Back: Bizzle (Christian Rapper) Response To Jay-Z & Kanye West "No Church In The Wild"! (Goes In)
First time on twitter. It's fun! Just hope I won't become addicted to it:))
the USB way? Any tips?
Been in school a lot and not on twitter. How is everyone????
Having a Happy Sam's Birthday with & others!
that's one way to say "we're all in it together" ;-)
Merry Sherlock Eve, to all my dear Holmesians in the UK.
Hey #YouInspireMe so much u changed many lifes,many people &u #MakeAChange in the world! Ur such an inspiration Love ya plz RT
“: Laura needs a chill pill”why...? Lmao
it is flippin hot down here - where has all the rain gone?
RT : one round and done? <<<yes sir!! One & Done! Redeem yourself!!
truer words never spoken. also, belatedly: haven't heard terri + earl but WILL. his segment in the pbs banjo special was great.
Touring Metro High School on a great day trip to Columbus, OH.
Every time I watch the Fireworks video from Katy Perry. I cry. It just hits me in a very emotional spot.
if anybody wants me to be in there video tweet me and i will help out! tweet me or dm!
PLEASE put in the hey song after the stars score a goal! :)
I just Jamed to a whole Spanish song :) #noteveo . 🎶
BONES is on FOX.
Ah, that explains it. I did first time I was invited but never really came back. :)
great - times are busy work/home. New baby in 4 wks :)
Whaa you was talking about me!? Sry my ears tune out BS
To cold at work today!!! ;( Oh snap!!!
text it an see if u get it
New I See Stars song? So freaking PUMPED!
#MotivationalMonday Change your voice from "I don't know how to do this" to "What do I need to achieve this"
I appreciate the support, guys! It was delicious.
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
All day neuroscience = awesome.
ty Michael for the shout out! How was your mom's Bday??
right now deAndre freaking Jordan looks like a better center
'Life is a box of chocolates' -- Forrest Gump? No, #Murakami wrote it first in Norwegian Wood.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
DC United at Chicago Fire now on ESPN2
researched data file source; WCSelection implementation; emailed suppliers; analyzed orders/spec.$; started new DDA procedure
Happy Halloween twitterverse!
He Asked Me Can He Eat Me Out -.- FOH How Old Is He Like 12 Askinn For kisses&Shit His Young Ass !
So jealous! I wonder if Spam musibi would hold up in the mail...
hey man love the music, you guys should deff put up some guitar tabs i've been trying to learn some of of your stuff. lol
Yes!! It's like a sauna :| So..I'm gonna go to my grandmas(:
Another Sunday, another night of reading postings from people slapping my lack of cable in my face.
I miss you!
D Bryan started it.
Lets go Watson on Jeopardy!
I wonder where I would be in life now if I took those chances...
Tawlk is not supported on mobile phones yet. Things will probably look strange until it is.
- HAHAHA, I know right...if we could just get a dollar for every download, we could actually do a decent budget movie.
Playoff basketball is really heating up; great games went down last night setting up great ones this weekend
there's hearts all over the world tonight
The only class there should be is human
Resident: having so many "special events" (read: sports) means a tolerance for bad behavior. And NOW we're also going to get huskies
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever be able to sing the riff on the word "sun" in Fun's "We Are Young."
wow now that's a throwback!
When you lose touch with something, remember what brought you there in the first place, and fight for it.
I am trying to figure out twitter; didn't remember that I had signed up for this.
Next song on deck? Who wants to embarrass me?
Hey Canada come see DETROPIA may 5 at Hotdocs!
today is going to be a great one!
It was nice to see all of you #SMCROC this evening! Thanks for being our guests!
not the perfect man but girl just give me a chance and my heart will be all yours
negative, what's to do there?
Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now.
hey there fellow SMBer! from San Diego.
Pethaps Casey Anthony wasn't available?
or for taking polls seriously...RT: OMFG DC it is FAR TOO EARLY FOR SEERSUCKER.
LET'S GO #YOTES!
It really says something about the state of #RedSoxNation when they eagerly await the return of... Dice-K Matsuzaka??
stop it! You're too nice :)
Lots of event planning this week! So 's #FollowFriday focus is on upcoming shows:
Never let a bald man cut your hair.
I agree with the former. I would love to see figs re the latter. And, believe me, I will rest my case without further noise.
What the heck am I going to watch when the Olympics are over? Seriously...
I hope you feel much better soon!!
We need to stand up as a country and demand health care reform. We will not be able to maintain this structure for much longer
Again...What is the Danish word for Oh $h!!t!!!
Spending the morning in the server room. =|
Walked in Chruchill Downs right behind Moises Alou. No big deal
I miss like crazy.. 😔
bearshare.com frostwire.com and bittorrent.com I hate how they closed limewire
awe what did it say?
My friend Larry Vaught told me via Droid that there would be a #shoneysremodel in E-town soon
VHA health resources: The department is a huge storehouse of data generally used by medical researchers
All I got is a dollar and a dream...
Ugh. No more dubstep and no more dumb ass kids.
My headache makes me wanna throwup.
About to be late for work 😁
HELP!!!!! Im at ralphs and cant decide between captain crunch or cinnamon toast crunch
Dear One Direction, please go get a camera, sit on some stairs, and just act like general idiots together. We miss it. Love, Directioners.
Mayweather got every fucka in the ring
I know!! It's so close but so far a way!!! Kind of.
If you are the Southfield, MI come by "Beans & Cornbread!" Tell them Sonya McGuire sent you!!!
Father John Misty
How I would love to start my high school years over again so I would make the right choices
what again babe? lol im lost ..
Big 10 drops a tight one tonight, 10-8. 1st loss for the A's, who will take a week off for the 4th before returning to the diamond.
I do get the point. I was just being contrarian because sometimes it's fun!
All of us who are old enough have personally experienced these issues. Open that AtariWriter file, anyone?
lol how I feel!
your mom is the best! i love her! have a great day cam <3 miss and love you so much!
you just know what to say to me
Hehe, might just take your word on it man. I'm kinda excited about it though, lol :D
filming acoustic set for roadshow sessions downtown austin in the back of a '61 corvair tonight!
We must be able to close a boring book, go to a bad movie and leave with people who do not value you ...
Awe, why thank you! Lol
honestly, we wouldn't. We're a non-profit and have always been. We're happy that the 1917 is in the public domain.
I think the lack of in my life is the reason I'm losing all this damned weight hahahaha.
Watching someone from Champaign, IL on House Hunters International right now!
Well, done for 5 days, then 3 days of more school, then 2 days off, then leave for Copenhagen.
Ayoo so what happen to people tellin me the grizzlies suck... No reply ok *walks off*
#myneverendingthought: GOD I THANK YOU!!!!!!!
In the car..on my way to Chinese Restuarant!
wow! Sorry to make you so upset! maybe you should give her next week's
The Bassnectar tickets have been purchased and I paid the fucking service charges even tho I tried not to
Online degree programs typically feature accelerated courses that pack course material into an efficient timeline.
I'm going to go lay out in the sun now. Totally!
#AutoMaticBeats feat PLAN BEATS coming soon..
if you're still having trouble, call us at (414) 297-7520. We're here from 9 to 5.
the circle never ends cuz i always find myself going right back no matter what i do
Thanks for having US! Appreciate you!
first workout of the summer complete.
we need a topic
see you this weekend?
Never ending arguments <<<
swag swag swag on you, chilling by the fire while we eating fondue~
does that mean you met ANOTHER guy last night after we hung out? slow down esther! :P
omg. Of course I'm going to follow you
Everyone needs to follow right now!! (:
WORK AT HOME TIP: Make a list of your sucesses (even tiny ones). Post it where you can see it and add to it regularly.
Yes, definitely!! Anytime!
GM everyone! I had a great weekend in Georgia and made some wonderful connections! It's great to meet new people...enjoy your day!
He's back with u cuz I wuldnt go to movies. Haa.
Not exactly sure why #TLR pulled his starter. Hopefully this is the time that using the bullpen turns out to be a really bad idea.
I hope everyone takes a minute today to celebrate National Neil Diamond Day! Forever in Blue Jeans, babe!
Lunch w/ puma friends lori nelson and noah gonzalez & the lovely andrea orbeck@ soho house la
Six more days until the first two games of the regular season!
4 days until I'm back in my hometown to perform at a charity event I helped create.. Being nervous isn't even the half of it..
Get yo 1989 wind breakers out!!! All jokes aside...TY everyone in advance who comes out to battle the 1 star wind... TYTYTYTYTY XOXOXO
I am trapped inside a hot back room we call a classroom
- My Mom called recently & asked "Do you want these Dark Comic Books?" ;-) Finally realized she meant THE Dark :) how r u?
yeah, on March 31st, unfortunately.
Guys: dont EVER cheat on your girl. it took her ALOT of courage to say she likes you. dont just play with her heart.
“: Minnesota is trading No. 3 pick Cleveland. More ahead on ESPN.” (there we go it's happening! Excited #NFLDraft )
Lol I do that even when they are looking
Why can't people say what they mean & mean what they say???
#I sure will
And "bad" doesn't mean not entertaining. It's a b-movie.
congrats! That is great!
No late night love..Fuck it..
Loving being with and and earlier with
That was a moon shot by Jeter!!!
When life is overwhelming, it's a good idea to take a break to watch 'So You Think You Can Dance.'
Taylr's Joint Fashion Show!!love this local designer
Plz I like Bobby D but his ? 's are combative. Whose side is he on? 1% or the rest of us!!!!!!
yung rich is bout to start tattooing
Watching the Poison Behind the Music and seeing the gal with the huge hair saying "I think Poison kicks serious ass!"
oh crap! its happening...i'm mixing my spanish vocab with my french
Thank you :) Wayne is some better and Mom says Hi too.
I could see that being the case. I often become a green triangle when I'm there.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Backstreet Boys are making a comeback
RT I belong in a Disney Movie! ~so do I! You could play Goofy
Joh 14:21 He who has My commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves Me. And he who loves Me shall be loved by My Father, and I will...
Did like all the #colts starting line run a massive train on Mrs. Irsay or something? WTF
RT : Anybody give you cold bars yet ?
Just like a computer, "garbage in, garbage out" applies to the human heart. Feed yourself with His Words and let life come out of you.
there's always a reason for being awake...
any news on your macbook repair?
Seriously, I am freezing in West Palm Beach, Fl cant wait to go to New York Wednesday to warm up
Angry boys on hbo is a riot
hahaha yeah, she hated me earlier when i was cleaning her cage. she hid under my dresser :P hahah but now she loves me!
holy crap that scared me
didnt monta ellis sign a big deal a couple of yrs ago?
bro bro we gotta put are city out there
Tuesday is here and that means Cheesy Chicken Enchilada and Carnita Pork...makes Tuesday a little easier to bare!
I say no the first time. That doesn't mean you can ask the same god damn question a week later!
Everyone #FF the buttcrack out of ... Woman should be in the 100's of followers by now
Congrats! Have fun :-)
When I RT what I'm actually saying is "Fuck I wish I wrote that"
Thanks for coming to hangout and support!
western mass...
I got a job interview on Monday at a staffing agency!! I hope I can get a job!!
that plus you consider yourself a fellow Music Geek!!
Getting ready for #linernotes tonight at the Dunes....gonna be a great show!
I think the Mayans didn't like all Whitey not just the Spaniards.
lol I don't know how many times I've gotten up and had someone request a seat change to my "lucky" seat
Lord, it's hard to be humble when you're perfect in every way.
you should put a song on the stereo right now!
#TheresNoWayInHell the wooden teeth meeting is not the best place in the world or on #gwu campus to be ever or at 8pm on tuesdays in PHIL415
Note To Self: Be Dope. Act Dope. Stay Dope.
Yeah me too. Thanks!!
Im about to make one of the BIGGEST decisions of my LIFE.....it's what's BEST !
Final grades will be posted on Wed night due to my absence. Thanks for your patience. Enjoy Mr. Smith.
Conserve, people! Today, Lake Travis will fall below the lowest level it reached in 2009. Here's new aerial video: bit.ly/pXwI0Y
Using the word "thingy" when you can't remember what something is called.
im probably gonna cry when i hear #turntoyou #TEAMSINGLEMOMS <3
#andrewbreitbart R.I.P
Today is National Teachers Day. Who was your favorite teacher?
talk back! lol
Gary, just saw your message! Would be thrilled to get together tonight---hosting a conference tomorrow + graduation for HSEC
My first tweet on this account! =)
oh hahahaa totally misread that one. I'm slightly embarrassed and i'm waiting for the day when I get sick of it
Dang Aidan could out eat anyone! Can't believe how big he's getting :)
MLS badly wants LA to win...
So looking forward to the #Milwaukee show tonight at the ! See everyone there!
There are risks with football thy evry1 is aware of the risks if they remain in the game thts on the player and their family
Ugh I just can't hate Rodgers. The sports fan/football lover in me won't allow it.
dnt do that
dirty dancing is such a classic
#Amen Meek Mill voice
#QUEENS AND ITS CRAZY !!
#GreenyTheDance was very good. But your practice video tops it when you can't discern whether she means your shirt or chest. LOL
Gotta love this nice #SunnyDay in Seattle
One of the best performances in Url history. Salute.
My marriage turned out to be a rest period between romances
RT : “: "Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were." -Cherie Carter-Scott
mango is even better ya gotta try it
Boy do I wish I were there for this! Emulation isn't lossless, either, and can be very costly
fantastic concert!
I HATE THIS SCHOOL!!!!
We established tonight: zombies are better than dandelions. At least zombies stay dead when you cut off their heads.
RT Make a #pisces laugh till they cry and you found a place in their heart
thanks for coming down philly! :) #motivated!
duh dun duh duh duh dun duh cant touch this!
Just met the best lawyer ever, changed my life!!
Ooh, my BP rose a bit reading that. While I might agree w/her on a point or 2, she's ignoring some history and current authors.
Just followed back everyone that asked(:
Theresa Erickson, deft. in #surrogacy scheme says she "lost her way" and is "truely sorry from bottom of heart to victims".
ah yeah i cant believe u didnt kno that!!
#legend congrats ^_^
To buy every song I like on iTunes I would need like a thousand bucks.. Wanna donate to the Emily Needs New Music fund? ;)
That should read objective.
saw that. Wish I could take dad.
Bang bang
where you be?
So how was your day? The #ChevyGirls want to know.
Ugh... so rude! How does it even apply to her?? The things they say don't even make sense.... #arihaters =_=
Congrats to for winning county!
Next week we will begin construction on the 6th floor amenities level! Stay tuned for pictures live from the site!
He who says he can and he who says he can't are both usually right.
LMAO! WHOA! RT she leaves her man's bedroom and walks across the hall to his roommates room? Girl are you serious!!?
Who wants to see sacrifice a goat at Skully's this Sunday?!
Mention this tweet today until 3pm and get ANY large drink half off:)
The new house is adorable!!
Everything is going great. (: hahaha. Except i am in school :\ -AliPaige
im soo confused
The Descent
Boyfriend been in my head all day.... & I don't even like that song.
Thanks for following.
Selecting the judges for the 2010 show.
“: I be silent farting in the office all day but I blame it on the mexican janitor. :(” lol c'mon son
I'd have to agree! is pretty cool ;)
How can I get to the formal tonight?! I wanna play with and hmph
...i'm glad you helped make that happen! thanks for spreading the word.
Happy BornDay To Me One Time ACCEPTING ALL GIFTS..MONEY..LAPTOPS..CDS..DVDS..KEYS..Matter Fact I NEED ERRYTHANG
~^^ she is very pretty
happy mothers day mom
cute. We would crowdsource the answers
wat it do
few things are more satisfying than the feel of a new toothbrush.
I guess I just like Keynote better. I see presentation software as a visual aid.
LOVE THAT MOVIE! Lol RT : Dude, Where's My Car?
would love to see some of your restorative lesson plans! Agree-hard to teach but so worth it
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!! ;) #follow?
still supporting these guys, eh, NHL?
There once was a time when everyone thought I was crazy for reading a book that was about teenagers who were forced to hunt one another.
lmao.... Id like to see that
We're gonna get a thanks from Spa Boom now. Watch, they will message you on twitter. I think they use twitalert
AK National Guards man Jason Johnson indicted for embezzling $228,723 from Guard's family program fund.
IF you have seen a RAGE face tel me??
fell off for a while, getting back on -- desire to explore. must do things.
If this new guy starts using a fake Cajun accent, run.
CNBC? So bizarre. That's what I was watching and I got a different game! Ridiculous.
Best of lucks in the #BetterWithUTour! Guys..u r goin to elevate every place u play in?love ya.
it was AHHMAZING :)
Funny how getting hammered often leads to getting nailed. And 9 months later it's drilled into your brain that you're screwed.
well no car payment means time to fat flat screen tv.
. thanks Lankes "even if his statements were only ironic or nominal"
So incredibly sad about #whitneyhouston. Gone too soon. What a voice.
oh ok gotcha haha that's not too bad then hopefully today is easy cuz I'm reallllyyy not in the mood to run!
" Back Out" check it out by G. youtube.com/gregtellis314
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DIVA DAUGHTER THAT SCARES ME SO MUCH ON TWITTER N FACEBOOK N STARTS TEXT MESSAGES WITH DAD
TWEET, TWEET NIGGA!
whats good i was wondering if yall had open days on the radio
Stoked for performance tonight for #MarsHillStudentsABQ! If your a middle/high school student, u need 2 be there!
peace bro hope all is well!
hahha that's not advice
Who is this girl talking on #abc? Annoying.
Females who I've always heard say " I don't like haitians" always end up liking me ? SO . . . whats really good?
Awl hes mad that i dont wana go outside. Its to cold to be sitting outside.
constituent services actually :)
MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE WIT #DIDDYMIRTYMONEY! THE CD IS FIRE! RT.
I'm fucking tired of those "what should we call" things. what should we call those what should we call tumblrs? fucking boring.
It was exciting to meet you guys. Loved smelling the hops. Really excited for #RuhstallerOnTap when we open.
1st quarter is complete. Lakers with the lead 27-14.. keep it up.
Follow back? :) I can't follow right now but I will once it let's me:))
angeli is amazing and beautiful and no matter what u say i will still like her.
On our way to our member nonprofit, for a meeting, very excited!
I wish I would have slept more today as I did nothing...I managed to choke down unacceptable sushi and hit up my local Jewel Osco...YAY!!!
Hahahaha, not at all. I'm right here with ya!
I LOVE Jimmy Fallon!!!
for the #FF Hope you have a Great weekend. I all so enjoy Betty Boop, talk to you later.
I do both, but since I am packing, Netflix is the way to go.
Thank you!
Thanks for the RT on our photography page ! Hope all is well down your way. :-)
Lamb of God makes me so sleepy
Love the CPD decal on the freezer portion of your NBC fridge.
I can't believe tweeted me! I am his biggest fan...on facebook that is. Looking forward to a
Now everybody knows that when tickets goes on sale you buy them quick, you don't wait a week to buy them especially Nicki Minaj tickets!!
#oomf takes nothing serious
Edge Said get it together or I am putting you over my knee Boy To Cena lol
I don't think I could have the strength to do an intervention on a family member. How awful
The Cha Cha Beauty & Barber / Dairy Air Collective sale is coming along swimmingly! Check out the preview here: mydairyair.blogspot.com
didn't realize it had versioning features.
Dear man who sounds like his lungs are snot filled, I can hear you preparing your loogy from across the street. Thanks for the lovely noise.
Step 1 stop talkn to anyone
in ICU with Mom. So worn out. I miss my tweople.
I am so tired of being harassed by neighbors. Fargo police don't do anything they just stand there and look at me like I am crazy.
can we PLEASE?! And thank you!!!
Walking in Cuyahoga Falls. Ziga is making it easier
RT : Awesome! has informed us that the shirts we ordered for our 4 Parties shows are in! Teaser: They are COOL AS HELL.
Hahaha Who Said You Have To Approve Of It ?
Feeling down because of the weather massage and Acupuncture can help improve your mood!
I agree!!
