VuFind! Loving it. Still in "soft release".
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
fun!!! 2nd weekend in June is good for me :)
I'd get lost fast.
AREDYY DIX IS FOR ONLY ATLANTA GA TEEN GIRLS BETWEEN AGES 13-16 NO HOMO BUT WHU HAS GREAT DANCE TALANT REPLY 2 THIS! :)
Trivia Night! But you know that!
Wussup my brotha! RT : I'm on this joint now....
idddk. U tell me!
Two U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were shot in the line of duty today in Mexico.
Unsuccessful in my search 😔 no one seems to know the answer but we learned you're not the only one who wonders lol
Computer problems? Two weeks after the last one? All aboard the rage train!
Time for another Naproxen. My degenerative ankle is killing me. Need to ask my Dr. about alternatives when I see him next week.
Give thanks to the LORD in all things. Thank You LORD for giving me life and giving me a chance to live with purpose.
Hey Sid! Can you follow us and we'll DM you an invite? :)
Reason to end Occupy? When someone has a heart attack or health problems, they just die, instead of having an Occupier call 9-1-1. I'm angry
#TigersHeadline Tigers hold on in the 9th.
When y'all coming to NY?
Watching a rough cut in Burbank, then it's Bizarre Foods for the rest of the day.
fan page for sure. I think groups are outdated.
Let's catch up where we left off last year at #SoSlam tomorrow. Can't wait!
it always feels good to have stuff done around the house.it feels clean and smells great.but if only i didn't have to do it all to get it RT
I feel the same way... RT : I'm so sad right now. Mo is a Class Act. The classiest guy in the game.
no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one
Can someone, for the love of God, please knockout Chris Neil!!!
or worse... finally going out and then he's still complaining when we are out??
Taking care of little girls is like a Vietnam firefight
I'm bout to go to bed. I'll tweet more tomorrow because I'll have nothing to do after school.
I am sure you will find that lucky person ;)
love is lost over varies events
it's time to take your act to the Catskills.
Keepers of the FUNK
is like a rock star.
niggas wanna be like me, but they don't wanna work like me.
I believe it would serve Kindle authors well if they would monitor the KDP forum threads that expose phony and spiteful reviews.
“: #26HOURS LEFT BEFORE #BOYFRIEND :) AH! I Already Can See #boyfriend being #1 on ”
I cannot wait to pull my money out of Bank of America. Soon, so very soon.
Oh do I have a dope new track for the ladies.
Very Cute! Nothing like having pretty feet ;-)
Yo was that British fanny or American fanny because the British way you should have hung in there.
One of my biggest fears in life is losing someone I care deeply about.
Handled that ishh! Take that
Hello everyone! National anthem went awesome last night... It was so surreal! I will post pics and the vid! Thanks for your support. Love ya
Team Sexy vs Team Chara
does it have pointed ends?
I love that show lol RT Yep i'm watching Zoey 101
Deidra don't send me any spam, let's at least get to know each other first. Or I may have to get the chains on you nice ass
going to work without makeup?? When we feel like that we think a) time to try new makeup or b) time to find a better job. :)
Of course it's got to be pouring today for fox field. Oh well drink up everyone
I would be loving it too if I was home. RT : Loving this rain in Gboro
I am off on a short vacation to africa for four days
Ugh probably gonna be grounded this weekend Oh well YOLO so just have fun while you can :)
do roc and star go together? #yomo! #somindles (Youre.Only.Mindless.Once!)
Our thoughts and prayers to Larie Butler, her family, and everyone at East High School..
You tweet too much.
Yuck I hate pins and needles especially in my leg. Ugh horrible.
I will make it to Woody Creek, CO and pay my respects to his memorial someday.
I love you
What are you doing Saturday?? I'll be in your hood!
Utg had 22, mp blind shvr had J7h. CO AA came n last place! Utg flps set 2. Mp hits flsh..now, i really don't feel bad plyn so tight!
Savvy peed on one of my roommates. I would be cracking up if I didn't know I was going to get an earful as soon as I get home
Such a horrible past few months...
I appreciate the follow !
Sad about the Caps game 7 loss.What a horrible game.Once again we can't get by the Pens.Still proud of the team 4 a great season and series.
It sure has been awhile, how is everyone?
"millennial trapped in a boomers body" Hilarious! She Rocks! #2020workplace Cc
Do it to the fullest, don't just rap cause everybody else doin it .
Texas is one of the youngest U.S. states, with a median age of 33. We're a consumption driven economy, because we are young adults.
Hey Have you ever worked as a sushi chef?
I ran at the gym today, thinking it'd be less muggy. Turns out it was hotter there than outside. Blech.
What time will you guys be playing on the 31st? And is the Cedar show sold out?
#pharmaforum Duffy notes we are never out of the woods. Global activities natural disasters political changes all affect travel industry.
thanks for the love. I brought 50 peeps in tonight! I got an great industry hook up. Ill keep supporting.
Relaxing on the deck the rest of the evening. I need to get as much sunshine as possible!
In class bored..just wish this day would be over..
oh man, she doesn't know.
omfg! I love skating!!
Search "Young Bravo" via ITunes, eMusic, Rhapsody, Xbox Live Zune, Google Play, Spotify, Nokia, ect for my exclusive hit singles! Only $0.99
I feel so cheap now..
Checked her Twitter for the first time in 8 months.
Time for a haircut (:
Pickup Line: Is your dad a police officer, if so i'll be visiting you a lot
Jeron Electronic Systems Confirms Interoperability Between Jeron&#39;s Provider 790 Nurse Call System and Brekeke SIP Server
A year ago, I would've never guessed my life would be the way it is now.
you could just do both at the same time
? For gary.. Dad was put in jail for a crime against my sister.. He got 20 years.. Did he really do it? His word vs hers
Watching the Rome Masters #tennis final, Djokovic v Nadal. It will be interesting to see how Djokovic plays after last nights 3 late sets.
lol i mean california!
Tool show was awesome
MT : data and evidence from & companies that have tested this suggests in reality the opposite occurs."
thats how he always is he does the finga gunz even after dunks and layups
MoneyTeam. Ima meet you someday cause you the best in the sport!
One of my favorite assignments ... headed to Len Busch Roses in Plymouth, where they ship out a million roses for Valentine's Day.
Yes you should have, it was wonderful!
Happy birthday, ! You are the weirdest person I know and I love it! You're the best, little bro!
I'm so glad! “: What's on your menu? I'm happy to report that my Dad Lionel will be released from the hospital today. Thanks fo
I have been told that the Miggy twitter account is a fake. That could've been fun. I hate when that happens.
She might be here just for something at the Miller Center; she's close to Zelikow.
yep! Me too! I knew to forget about that check until 90 days afterward ha!
If you were waiting to get a Le Creuset French Oven, now is the time! All of our "Classic" Pieces are 30% off!
it's a big research and teaching day!
Finally have my phone:) Thank God!!
Fuckin SOL Tomorrow ,Should Of Passed It The First Time ...And The Second ...And The Third
Journal cancels, lease v buy, database model v by-title, big deal v custom deal, rise of consortium buying
“: Test time... Which means its cheating time” TISK TISK!!!
You too! Stay tuned for Oak Leaf Trail fun this summer!
and Prince Fielder agree to a 10 year, 20 Million dollar deal.
I finished up at the site & the drunk mid 40s lady follows me to my car calls me "juicy ham hock" again & asked if I was married & for my #
Going to Rockies Opening Day, then to the George & Reba concert! Can it get any better then that?
Thank you SO much to the 200+ friends who came to our all-Schubert concert last night at !!! What an amazing night!
I'm wonderful... just love seeing your sexi face ^_^ RT hi boo : you good ?!
Diva you are telling the truth on this friday!follow She is trying to wake us up from denial concerning this topic.
- Impatiently Waiting On That Day To Come , iCant to meet My Niece or Nephew ! I Love Babies But Don't Want Any! That's Crazi... yeaahhh ik
HAPpy Birthday be careful
it's not haha
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!
“: If you're at last Thursday in #Portland, come by the Alberta Rose Theater to catch my set at 7:30 sharp!! #lastthursday”
Two up for those Jetsetters and RT this if you love that song like I do
Ok android users... What is the best golf game?
We are hoping to do something similar for Room Reserve, but no solid date on when that might be released yet.
It's only East County if your planning involves drinking Coors Light ;)
Thx for organizing the BOS HH. Glad to be back in purple + gold territory!
Keep an eye out for clothing and ! Big things coming soon.
Another "wall st, war st. Defeat imperialism"
I love being single, you can have fun! But I do miss it.. The cuddles!:(
Buttered noodles.
I need help passing stuff out and talking to people. What you'll do will be a huge help. Call me 512-814-5138, & I'll explain.
Spending day cleaning :/
<3 u donkey
pointing out that Gray has thrown a combined 14 pitches through 2 innings of work after Blackburn threw 53 pitches through 2
Shark Bait. Oh haha!
Thanks for using ShowClix!! Have a wonderful NYE :)
Steve Blake = Money
Gearing up for the bar crawl this weekend.
oh so you're one of those weather dependent workout kinda gals.
hey, I'm doing 100% times better than my bracket last year (which didn't even exist...)
Omg. I just watched on !!! I just sharted
Thanks doll! Let's hope we see some W's soon :-) That N.O. game was so heartbreaking! Take care.
pork roast is in the slow cooker... already smells amazing
cool. how long are you there for?
We know that you love playing pick-up bball check out a Bill Walton Affiliated company for pick-up bball in NY
The interview is a call thats recorded and the format can what works best for you. Q&A , call ins, whatever you think is best.
Anacostia is getting there. There's a lot of "PLANNED DEVELOPMENT" but we'll see what happens and how fast (slow?) it happens.
Police: Arson suspect being questioned in connection with house fire in St. Paul that left 2 kids hurt.
I think it would "REEK WITH AWESOMENESS" if my dad was !
I feel that shit some riding music.
Devils up 2 - 0! On an awesome 1 timer.
no Dagobah in the summer?
~>Done! Also check my snippet out"TELL CREAM" ~> enjoy & hit the like button...peace
Cant wait for the drama! #realityshowjunkie RT : Don't forget to watch Part II of the #realhousewives of NYC reunion on MONDAY night
nothing to do with Obama. They just don't like DC. Lugar has plenty of clout, thats the problem. #teaparty thinks he's bought.
I don't think someone so young would be so confident. But the rest of the show is so good I can deal. LOVE the musical numbers.
LOVE the Sketchers' dog race commercial :)
Lions and Steelers both drafting talented players that fell too far. What new?
... your no silos t-shirt idea has sparked an exciting convo on the gchat back channel ;)
Brandy and Biscuit are out on the town tonight, trying out the new #seamlessipad app.
I'm with you. I don't see how Miss. St. gets in.
when you're better looking than your ex's new boyfriend
Given the umpteen of hats on the runway for spring and fall, we're expecting to see big things from the Kentucky Derby attendees.
My Hotmail junk folder is full of Nigerian money scams. I respond to them for the fun of it. Lol
So I guess because President Obama is coming back I can't park on my own street? Grrr
We're rockin' in 2012! ENR is now featured on iTunes radio! Find us in the Country genre. Send us some great music!
At I hop gittin my simple fit breakfast
Otunga is a great personality in.the Wwe you have to admit it
My lil nephew sound so cute when he say "T-T" :-) awww
Happy May Day. First listed in Oxford English Dictionary in 1267. Raining in VA.
ORCID -- link grants to publications, patents, citations, etc. Will enable assessment of funding impact.
ready to Remake the Universe! With more flies! 6:00pm
Gutta snap out of this mood..
When we're not fucked up we are useless =X
she cries alone tonight her eyes drift away nothing can save her she decided a long time ago
if he says anything i'm gonna blow!!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Can't believe it's almost over. Time for some football!
Stay classy camas.
your welcome :-)
just s little!
NYC/Brooklyn bands - get at me if you want to be added to our band lists for potential show opportunities.
The Old Man And The Semen
I love everything about her, especially her eyes ;D
RT : I'm not obligated to do anything for Anyone, I do it out of my own will. So check yourself.
Married-couple households are a minority in both the UK and the US, outnumbered by single-person households and cohabiting couples.
u shud be doing ur science work
I love u more
Never going on Twitter and realizing all of your tweets are instragram pictures. Oopsey!
#LPR2011 check out #GroverNorquist 's book "Leave us alone"
Off to the big city (Atlanta) today for an SAP Master Data Governance Workshop. Hope the paparazzi doesn't catch up to me! ;)
I stand tallest from my knees
Pooping, whiping, standing up and popping some more got me heated.
You know im about to blow your back back out (;
that's the sprit
Ho Ho Hopefully #thisweek will be Adventure Time on Wheel of Fortune.
Is this the Alex Plamm?
cum on guys... i really need to talk to someone now, how about you?
at least you aren't by the civic center with festival season coming up.
dm is there a forum to accompany a major learning announcement later this month? To maintain momentum, are there finding options?
“: In the height of fear and doubt is when we can grow the most. hard part is diving in. #movetowardthefear #conquer #nevergiveup”
This week and next week are the last weeks I will be doing shoots for $30, after that I'm raising the price to $50!
to love more and be more kind.
I think my naughty husband spent too much on my Christmas present, which arrived just now while I was home, in a box labeled "Kindle Fire."
It seems to me that 6 voting members is way too small since a quorum of 4 can make decisions on the organization's behalf.
Thanks! Love you, babe! <3 RT : And happy mother's day specially to my mother Nidia Parra and to
1st Madison show in a long time. Pasqual's Hilldale 5-8 pm. Originals, covers, live music, good drinks, good food. Lets do this!
Make sure they have kittens. Lots and lots of kittens.
you're too kind my dude
This bipolar weather makes no sense. An hour ago, it was clear blue skies and now it's gray clouds everywhere
A veces escuchar a me pone sentimental.
Happy Birthday to fellow #attorney !
let's link up and do a track
lol I was laughing when I saw that tweet
Lineage in Brookline is all about fresh & local.
Smile. You've been blessed with this day.
Rain, rain, go away!! Cats worst nightmare
R Indians Mexicans hahahahah
Kinda feelin the #Grammys tonight, I guess if the show must go on then this is the type of show I wanna see
feels good to take the day off, now I can get somethings around the house done, and cook me a nice meal sis if your not busy you -
Dude, you two are best friends. Don't date her ex.
I'm sorry that your braces hurt. It'll get better though :) not much just browsing YouTube :)
PickUpLine: Let's go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
Back on the running bandwagon this morning. #ouch!
have fun at school<3 haha
followed u bakk!!
today? Oh just showed a friend around Portland. It was fun.
I agree that standardized miss the point of education. But, perhaps that's the problem. There still exists two epistemological
Oh lol my bad. I had to read it twice to figure out what you meant.
Melbourne tomorrow! Please tweet travel suggestions around #Australia and New Zealand incl. great dive sites.
im a really big fan of u too now lol. is their a way to book you for a fundriaser. im havin one and i would love to have you
Only a few spots left! ----The first 5 people to text WOMBSAUNA to 55469 will receive $5 off their next visit!
is.... Tell Mr Howard not to leave and get a beer!
Dr. Donald Dudley, M.D., of UTHSCSA is leading “Big Five” initiative for Texas
u guys rocked it at TCA!!!!!! LOVE U GUYS!!!
Hi doll, I'm so sorry this week has been all sorts of busy! I won't be downtown tmrw, but coffee next week would be lovely! :) xo
straight up...gotta give to 'em raw...
Don't judge me for being a slut. Judge me for fucking your boyfriend.
Judging by the weather, the rapture's a week late in cleveland
we r excited to perform for you! RT“: So excited to see this year!!”
saving samples with kits.NI haves that on there list also. Wow. Maschine folks is not going to run away now.
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Educator nominees are: David Cook ( ) Debi West ( ) Heidi Creed (Jones MS)
lmao yes i would thats what makes me awesome!i wonder if he thought i was weird,he probably like me.lmao
Merry Christmas Eve from the Okanjo team!
goodluck on it tho and YouTube juliusvevo tell ya friends if u like it too
love u too!! Haha
just a basic write about our music length doesnt matter
#ihatewen i watch.my.phone die
why oh why does stefano have to go home? :( -dies.
So it's NOT true? The dentist didn't pull all her ex's teeth? Bummer. I got a lot of mileage out of that story. :)
Goodnight twitter 🌙
Why does Media Takeout hate so much? He gets cupcakes for his 25th BDay & they try & say he got $$ problems
you can't tell me what to do, well only at work :P
:) My social innovation colleagues agree! Let me know if you'd ever be interested in brainstorming/outside POV...
Thanks , , & for the follows!
Over The Top Gun
RT : On anniversary of OBL killing, Pew poll finds most Muslims in Mideast, Pakistan have poor view of al Qaeda...
check your show email.
wanna come save me from 2nd block.
Nunez maybe fast, but he's a horrible heads up baserunner!!!
Always lying
Our front court is scary with and Cauley but could you imagine Bennett and oriaki??
Thank you for the mention! Happy Friday!
spent a good chunk of my day listening to songs by it's official. i'm now a fan-girl :)
we'd like to feature you and your new label..interview soon?
Mhmmm I see, I didn't like the devil inside, but some people say its scary and made them cry.
yea I kno bt so have u!
They mad she still here and no one dose it better than the one Q.B have it kick shit like nigga fucku
Thanks Ty, Glad to connect!
I know
Do you mind if we remove your account, then we can start from scratch?
watching Fame for the first time.... i'm addicted now, it's so good!!
People with miserable lives love bringing others down. I feel bad that this person's spouse doesn't meet xpectations but it's a 2-way street
Overheard in Jury Room: "I didn't realize how much E. Fourth Street has been revived." Wake up, Cleveland!
I don't like that it is misleading in calling him gay. The right will use it to crucify him in order to raise funds
Young Adult was great! If you like very dark humor, cute dogs, and the excellent Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt.
This will be our 14th year going to How about you?
TD's gonna drain like 5 or 6 three pointers
That's where I bought Edvard Munch, The Scream painting for only $6.00 a savings of $119,899,994. (framed)
Congrats to for your #NoKidHungry award! Woo hoo!
They say I'm tripping, but i know what i want, this boy here is different, he got something that they dont..
At least we're being positive about this. #StayPosi ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
are apparently out of the race for
Good morning gang! TGIF :)
going on road trip.
Did you know they put like beetle stuff in their strawberry drinks to give it the strawberry color?
Ap Euro test tomorrow..really freaking out :/
#NW Shark Night
#phx debt piling up, getting harrasing calls? call me I can help you decide if bankruptcy is an option and the type of bankruptcy to choose
The celtics came to play .
your really cute:)
cool enjoy…I am going for a hike in Runyon. Enjoy. Maybe we can meet each other. I am here until July.
Tutoring part-time to make some extra cash! Have to make-up for what my kid's dad won't provide!
Oh hey migraines, hadn't had you in a while.......
In pre-production of a new web series called "the couch" :)
It's fucked up when you fuck wit somebody so hard and they play that fake role like its the same respect back n it's not...
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy
Alex getting on robert's shoulders <3
lol go look up the help on the app lol
watchin the #VOICE awesome(:
I'm watch Caged! Are you watching it to?
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
just retweeted me and I couldn't be happier. One of my favorite dj's, god, aka fareoh knows who i am.
Team Cpsk #No School
(I've played client for and seen students from PSW working together around the library--it's wonderful to see them having fun too!)
such a what? An ass or dick? Why because I noticed a bad situation and left it alone before it could become bad?
Im trying to get a tour...kinda hard ha
Wow.. People that I thought might disagree with me wanting to do #Parkour are actually encouraging me & have my back. Thank you so much. <3
if the image scares me, what am i to do with it?
so , i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded. In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
yeah are you one of those people who has now riden a camel, but never a horse?
"Voters who elect a man to 'get' for his district will find they have elected a man who will 'get' for himself.”--Coolidge
has me reminiscing when I should be snoring. Beauty School Drop-Out.
Not much requires showering in my book, but I have a feeling is more of a stickler than I am.
Getting ready for the fair
GOOD AFTERNOON.. HAVE A MJ AWESOME DAY.. I LOVE YOU ALL...
You're not making much of a secret of that. That's how Forte picked up a lot his "pass" reception yardage last year though.
ditto pub luv!
I'm speaking on mobile app design for business users / #thatConference later this summer. Should be a good one.
Hey #Vancouver ...is it time to burn down the city yet? #LAKings SCORE!
Everyone heading towards their homes. Another successful
If you don't like something i do...tell me...Don't make a twitter post about it...geez
Always liked Loe. Agree with Roenicke, he was set up to fail a lot last year.
it was.. buy me a new as a make up gift
Always thought if I ever didn't run the mini I would play music on the course to motivate the runners. So much for that.
Is it tomorrow or yesterday?
Just got followed by : want to learn more about this awesome project. Follow if you dare :)
#fuck I can't sleep again.
New season, same juiced ball bullshit.
Fabulous Kiss kiss <3
Let's go EAGLES!!!
I'm sure can help u find an awesome pic......follow her she's wonderful
Awesome fieldtrip to UW Tacoma Library today! Fantastic campus and such great spaces in the Library. And of course excellent staff!
yes um on facebook...mac mossberg send friend request
The Memphis Grizzlies is hosting New York Knicks tonight at the Fedex Forum. Buy your tickets for this exciting game by calling 888-493-0004
call us we are open for delivery! Like your style
a warning shot
Named my 3 fishes heartbreak,heartache and tears
not exactly sure yet. I'll keep you posted
Varlamov is unbeatable in shoot out!!!
wow! those students are VERY talented! Please let them know that I wish them the best of luck!!!
Thanks, you too! Any fun plans for the weekend?
congrats on the album
behave ladies 😉
Thanks to for donating and setting up new computers for our South Club lab yesterday!
I suppose i should be getting dressed for school...
Thats right VA is for lovers.
May 2 the Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF plays for the Cal Historical Society honoring Carlos Santana. Will he sit in with us? HHMMM?
glad i can make u smile and that jus me a real sweetheart jus wish sum1 would see that and make me their man
Anybody have any requests for pics? Send em my way. Do my best to take a pic y'all want
not an app, using part of the charger
Looking to immerse your teen into a different culture? Check out at #TeenLifeLive Boston for more info on their great programs!
If you can't handle what's real Thats a personal issue just don't bring it my way
Is it happy hour yet??
On my way to tempe for an important interview!! Then shopping for my photoshoot on Saturday:-)
Every Morning, there's a bass beat coming through our walls that sounds like tribal drums. Low, mysterious. I think we are
Our future prosperity depends on the quality of our collective imaginations.
I've been told that I look like Snow White way to much.
you know i'm stressed when something stupid pisses me off and makes me cry
Real Girl, wassup? (:
nice day
#SometimesIWonder if there really is a difference between right and wrong
central. Why do you ask?
woo!! What are some of the topical ones being offered next year?? Intro to cultural anthropology would also a good start.
A nap sounds really good right now. I think thats just what i'll do.
The first step you have to take very carefully is the planning
you forgot
France's Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
You too, thanks!!
Seeing the avengers with the niggas tonight.
I need 20 more followers.... Anyone wanna look out
in NY with my mom for fashion week is going to be so much fun
just do happens uw always good, ui always shitty
What;s wrong with voting for me? Ask me anything, I'll answer personally. You shouldn't vote for Shade. Think Kris Bailey!
RT : Finally from George: "I want to coach a team that is willing to play the right way. That window has opened".
it offical summer for me no more skool
Now that's a cool photo!
So it looks like the new drink for tonight at saga will be ciroc peach!! Gonna have to try it so dont miss out tonight gonna be live!!
MOS WANTED GENERATION!! ❤
You can still register for #ReachTheBeach - just show up at the start line of your preferred course. So easy! 5/19
HEY BABE(;
FOR TIPS ON HOW TO CLEAN YOUR TILE & GROUT FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK NOW!!
do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others. it's our differences that makes us unique and beautiful.
A specialer pork chop special today?
I wish i was the one that was on your mind at night
only following in your footsteps love. i'm so over studying already :(
Rock Vs Cena is going to just Epic...
Twitter viewed as the distributed "human sensor" - The Future of #SocialMedia Analytics - Dr. Richard Lawrence, IBM
trying to find the perfect song to take some shots to
Mr. Porterfield taught an elective for hs seniors called "expository writing." I aced English 101 in college bc of it
You know you upgraded when you see your ex riding his moped and the man you are with now rides a motorcycle.. Lmao. Glad I did better!
happy birthday! Xo
KbLaM! I couldn't have gotten it moRe Wrong!
is plotting a photo project.
What did this Ashanti chick say about Beyoncé?
When someone indicates there isn't anything right about a particular political party, it indicates the possibility of a bias.
Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Fuckin right. Fuckin right. Alright. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Fuckin right. Damn right. Alright.
i wudnt b wit him if he cudnt handle it...
its the closest its been to the earth in 18 years. Glad its not raining!
If u seconded guest your relationship,, then maybe u shouldnt be in one..!
Working with clients in Denver, Detroit, Naples, and Atlanta today.
Look what happens when you leave town - everything falls apart.
stop judgin me...u see me judgin dat BIG as pimple on yo face.lol
little hard to get up today. chill, overcast, mollar ache. Couldnt shake the fog even w coffee. Ended up back in bed. Need to grade.
A quick stopover at the ABQ Sunport before my plane takes back off for #DIA. Sorry, ABQ buddies, I wish I could visit you!
Tonight's Special: French Dip w/ Thyme Au Jus & Choice Side $12!
Received my copy of Wonderstruck from 2000 follower giveaway - so excited! Thanks!
please rap on the album PLEASE x
My attitude is base how you "treat" me.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Or swished beneath a barf and a shmart glaze? RT : I feel like I'm always squished between a rock and a hard place.
Exactly.... it's so exasperating.
# nwsocial "people talk abt networking, I prefer to connect."
Still loving me some Phillip Phillips since first audition! Standing O tonight! Stevie Nicks: "He has magic and he's gorgeous!" Agreed!...
every other day is another argument.
Q:What did the pussy lip say to the other lip? A:We use to be tight till u let a Dick come between us
so tasty -- find me and I'll buy you a tallboy
Play Blingo (Sticky Rice's Very Own Speed Bingo) TONIGHT | 11PM TILL CLOSING |
Bills 34 Pats 31 I love the Buffalo Bills
Loved Sen. Franken's "folksy" quote in - his "favorite thing" is "meet[ing] with so many folks back home." d'ohkay.
Me too. RT I find that I take in more information from my personal learning network than I contribute to it.
is that at SDSU?
Ben, I can't make it to your talk tonight! Will you have slides available? I'd still like to chat about what tools you're using.
Aint got shit to do in school so why go ?
Awesome. RT : We are now up to 16 different cured hams at the PIGG in LA.
I Like To Advise My Neighbors That Their Vehicle Tires Have The “Wrong Kind” Of Air.
no. Just have a lot of fans!!! Hard to keep track of us all
Tonight's $5 password for Reasonable Discourse with Jerks (hosted by ) is: "Jerry's Kids has a whole new meaning."
I <3 U On Da Reawakening U One Of My Fav Actors..!
it doesn't count as a text msg. only nice if you have limited txts
Happy Easter come golf at WillowCrest so I have something to do
We got 21 "likes" in a week and we want to keep growing! Help is spread the word... Share us with your friends and your enemies!
K guys i have to go i will be on later ;D
Headed into #nycb to see firebird. 2nd ring row b center :-)
RWD + Hard rain = No thanks
it's all good
New site is almost complete, two new designs just about complete, were groovin' and keeping the vision alive. Promise me you'll do the same!
god. rapidly. <3
My God is awesome ....He mighty...
please come to long island, new York in the summer!! your so amazing<3
Would still love to catch up when you have some time.
thx and I'm her co owner Diamond :)
show your class Artest is such a thug
Save the date for Advising Day Library Libations, just one month away on July 7! More details to come...
Allie will be offering free hugs and free handshakes, as well as her sweet dance moves for your loling pleasure.
lmao I see that
Choose Kodak film because it could be pushed... "I've never seen this movie as good looking as it was tonight"
great chat tonight ! Looking forward to the next one :D
When people correct your spelling when your texting. How bout you shut up.
Shocking anachronism... I was just passed by an AMC Pacer!
Water fast today...
UH YUM :O
Congratulations, Rachel. You have done well. Walk good.
Quote of the day: The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking
This week has been a learning experience for me
I waited for him to look up from his beach chair where he was laying parrell with the white beach.His silky skin was copper & eyes seagreen.
Did you see that Bron-ster jam over Melo!!
Heya! Of course we do ... this is Chris, but I know Angeline remembers him, too. You bet. Hope all is going well!
New Hampshire has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
#IWantToHave a grande white chocolate mocha right this very second
Everyone I watch a movie and they talk British I have to talk British !!! Hahaha I'm getting good at it though :)
rad cover! Nice choice of tune too!
and I had so much fun talking with it so amazing what they are doing. Follow them
well yeah that's kinda true. But she just talks so MUCH !!! Ugh, it's annoying sometimes.
shit, my dads watching soccer.... it better be over by 1030
Hoping to win at least 1 of these 30 contests I'm in right now =)
please follow me it would so much to me!:) soo please follow<3
No, dear, the president did not mention libraries-- has he or any pres candidate, ever?
Annual symposium is less than a week away! A Sense of Place: Arab World DIasporas and Migrations March 21 & 22 details here:...
Happy Friday indeed! RT Having a relaxing session w/ this morning. Happy Friday!
Pushed the "FULL THROTTLE" album back to the Spring 2012. Still working on shooting a video for my latest single "I Wish". Itunes, Youtube.
Anyone who mispronouces "paczki" today should get paczki-ed in the face.
Thanks for your suggestions!
treat me like a joke & I'll leave you like it's funny.
RT Delaware Tweeps - I'll be on WDEL talking about Biden's big foreign policy speech momentarily
so do I! I didn't realize you were a total badass haha I have seen Ziggy live twice and it was amazing.
Discovering twitter for the first time is like discovering masturbation. I just. can't. stop. But I don't feel obliged to read my Bible now.
Stop saying "fuck that bitch" when you know you love that girl.
TASCAM DR 2D NOW BACK IN STOCK! LIMITED QTY'S! PHONE IN YOUR ORDER AND GET $5 OFF! 773-647-1143
shoutout to my #1 follower all day who it gonna tommorow
We "live" in the prefabricated homes we call our bodies.
Check out our song ft the vocals of Bradley Nowell called "Friday Nights". Follow us & check us on pandora. Thanks
Clippers fans leaving the building. gonna be sick Sunday... Turn the tv off, turn on 92.9
been a 49ner fan SINCE EVER SINCE! I support the chargers but we all know how this is going to end!
4 game winning streak! :) See? Marlon brought the good vibes right over to ya. FUCK, I miss him! :(
Coming down soon? We'll be open all weekend!
Got my tickets for opening night... #stoked!
Def got sunburn from that run
What a great winter night for some comfort food, a nice brew and music by Menti and Campo! Stop in and join us!
you are so very welcome.. You Rock
“: #ILovePittsbugh because we are the only fans that don't sweat an 0-3 hole. #Believe #be7ieve”
I legitimately hope you all win. LA is overrated.
Omg! It's too freaking early! 😖
Want to be interviewed by Bay News 9 en Espanol? Tweet back ASAP. About Trayvon and social media.
Beyonce & it's not even close.
hearing #obama talk is like a bad shart. It sounds awful but you know the worst is still to come
well im not my parents r from niacaragua i live here in miami
figured you had it covered.
Thank You!! He may have an audience, and they may need loans, but the country does NOT need him.
Fell asleep at 4 woken up a 6 ....Tired Good Morning
it is a great conference. We are lucky it is connected to #uncg #lilly2012 not far to drive!
I know that your real with no doubts and no fears and no questions.
Listen to Take Care - <3Drake ft Rihanna till I fall sleep ..
RE: assignment 'critique of 5 new to you social media tools' what is meant by 'who manages the website'? any help appreciated.
is there an AA bibliography format for #Sente floating out there somewhere? Don't relish making it on my own...
I seriously want to run around yelling cocaine !!
Nice muddler...Where does the ice cream dish come into the equation?
i like soda
Organizations that just see #ITAssetManagement as "just tracking assets" are in the lower levels of Asset Mgmt maturity…
RT : There are so many things I want to say to you, but I just don't know how.
RT : #DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival? Be sure to co......
yeah i just had to add stuff and type it
Start strong, stay strong
Time is money and im on a mission tho
I have no life and im proud of it
Dear Gym, I'm coming for you! You better watch out :D
Looking forward to hosting a make-up party for Self Magazine tomorrow with , & on the hotness
yes, I play piano, but this is the first time I've gotten to compose music. how are things going for you?
Looking 4ward to Fri's Gallery Crawl!
Thanks for the #FF mention, sweetie.
yes thank u i love it
Bobby Perry got the office, there a block on office the criminals did it
I miss you and I will talk to you on Sunday hopefully :) sorry our Skype convo didn't work out!
Did I hear Deanna Troi? XD
damn you...
Trying to get to !! Flights are not cooperating.
Jim, you're missing the e in shehechat
awww thank you so much. that means a lot to me. (:
Waking up to boredom sucks...
Damn charger got a shortage....Thomas gotta give mine up tomorrow
you were headed up the hill.
One my way to catch Yelle at 9:30 Club!
thanks lady. we need to organize an artist retreat. i have the space in lochapoka, alabama on my aunts 30 country acres.
I am so dumb, how can I complain about anything when I am so blessed. I can not be selfless.
Pop for Punch-Out reference.
Question for Women: If you partner asked would you make a "personal" movie for them?
My recordings of "Imagination" "Don't get around much any more" & "Our love is here to stay" aired on 91.1 FM WWUH 91.3 Aloha W Hartford CT!
Apartment hunting a bust today, but DID acquire awesome new business cards and a CPL card!
Is it weird that I am sitting here wondering what's going on on Bourbon Street?
Had so much fun at Six Flags with ... Rode some serious roller coasters
For a guy that is lol “ Small feet, small shoes, big problem. :(”
oh good! Every author chose a word, so if it makes sense at the end, THAT'S a miracle! Lol! Xoxo
I just hit my first 50,000+ visit month on Cheap Wine Ratings. Yay!
Celebrating Digital Learning Day today with Serious head scruffing going on.
Ooofff I need a delay between likes :)
it ain't over til it's over.
nope being unfollowed is perfectly fine with me
the conversation became alcoholic when we put ur name on it. Si o no ??
Yes. Getting a moving truck permit; took well over an hour in two diff. offices. Would be nice if you could apply online...
If you unscramble the word and send it back to me as a reply, I will DM you the password if you are right.
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
I'm surprised you made it to class... hahaha
Longest line ever at LAS.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay maybe I judged the Kardashians too harshly.
Barbosa looks like a Haitian Usher
RT : hello #MediaChat! ask about the Haboobs and monsoons he survived this week ;)
#musesocial topic: bridging digital/physical divide
Windy city here I come!! Yeppie:-)
nailed it. please send to Bowman.
Was it just me or did the peeps from Occupy Wall Street take over the #StanfordBand?
my day was relaxing, watched the NBA and NCAA games for most of the evening
' when you need your work?
i just have to say your pretty fabulous! your a great addition to the #RHOBH! always make me laugh! xoxo
so good to hear, thank you!
Thank you so very much for sharing the story.
About to upload this beat, this one is just too damn smooth!
Um...why am I still awake. I have doctors appointments an audition and a VoiceOver class. Go to bed!
he always pissing me tf off. .
Omg I just saw this! I like you :)
I'm doing great!! What about you?
Isn't the N7 armor and Ultros opponent DLC already supposed to out? It's not up on XBL marketplace yet. Thanks in advance!
hahaha...you're a great tweeter...you are exactly right...I'm going straight for nutter butters
I live in central Texas and have to drive 577 miles to get to el Paso to watch the game while trying to avoid getting shot at by the cartels
send me yo video
I really hope these hip piercings heal as fast as possible...
y would u get rid of Odam & Fisher & keep Bynum, Sessions & Hill? Oh for the future. What about now? They look lazy!
You say I can tell you anything...then again I hear it from another person..& I only told you. #trustissues #friendnotfriend 😏😁
Go Grant Hill!
I feel I need a "B" stamp right now. Dear Lord, if there is one A paper in this stack...
RT : We need to score right now!
Dogs in chinese restaraunt....I wonder Dad:its not all ckicken:-) Me:EEWW lol
Hello dearest followers! A big 143 to you all from ! <3 We love you!
I'm very lucky. Not only am I too sexy for my shirt, I'm also too hairy for my age.
Holy shit: I'm listening to the CRANBERRIES - no need to argue
Some times you need to carry that paper and pencil on you all day long lest your thoughts tickle your insides all day long!
RT "If you get the best people, you win" is looking for the BEST people @
Whoa! You do *not* trash-talk Amanda!
9 foreign exchange students that are from Asia, 3 from the middle east, all laughing at my professor trying to say their names poor man lol
Sorry, didn't realize we were so loud.
Next time we brunch, it must only be amongst diversity!
Was just called "a goober" by two out of towners "looking for a house party." One was wearing a white fedora. Keep your eyes peeled.
let me check & c if I can use my new twitter account :)
I am LOVING the #BeachBabe workouts! You girls are AMAZING & I love that you're never afraid to show when moves are hard 4 you too
Hell yeah! I got them both for $20
time for 3 finals.
it's over -Sabrina Your over!!!!!!!!- Mrs.Galvan
u must h watching baby boy lol
Everything is funny as long as it happens to someone else - Will Rogers
2012 will be a bigger year for us than 2011 was. Which is saying something. Very excited for what's to come.
Having a craving for a Macho Burger? ;) Now that I think about it I could have one of those too or a Mofongo Cure!
Reed has picked PeyPey more than any other QB. I'm so sick of D giving Pey trouble, and O no show. We fight 1 handed. ARGH
I look at him and wonder. Is he to good for me?
Lobster Benedict and Blanc de Blancs "Why the hell not !?!" Happy Mother's Day!
Its the weekend!!!!
-virtual twitter hanshake- ;)
not sure yet.. We are gonna take our time and do it right.. We still have to work on album artwork and everything..
Madison, WI is going to have a LOUD weekend.
thanks good luck today
"It's the one thing he holds on to in his soul..." Good stuff!
Live every second like it was my last one.
not as much as me but yes
Really want to see James Blood Ulmer this weekend at Jazz Standard. Thanks to Vernon Reid for the Memphis Blood sessions!
Not as much as your wife will.
see now you're talking words I can get on board with
Party People get ready for & Tonight for Birthday Celebration!
Happy Hanukkah! Cheers and good wishes to those who celebrate!
Another Monday... Blah
my life has more ups & downs than the US economy
Ima get me a gym membership some damn where soon.
Who's you're distributor in Sacramento? And do you send out samples of your product?
State of wine Industry. Lack of grapes in CA, higher prices inevitable, Consumer will, drink globally 4 value. which country will win?
"Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness... the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there." ~Josh Billings... PERSEVERANCE PAYS ;)
Thanks for the RT Penni, have a great Friday!!
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!
haha okay deal!
Yea, just hold the tickets for us. we need em for our 20th show.
haha Dom knocking on the piece of wood in his chest
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. ~ John Maxwell
"Bu-ut a chair is not a house and a house is not a home--" & that's all I recall of the song now looping thru my mind thanx 2 u
Vashon Strawberry Fest-This Friday!
It's official, Chase Bank beats Comcast as worst customer service. You can't get any lower than this.
One question, do you call that Loser-naitis t-shirt that you had on for WM a shirt, i mean, you get my point right? hahahahahah
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells
RT : From Iowa superintendents: it is important to teach students to use Facebook appropriately as a job skill
Mike says there is old milk in the fridge and it's waving to him.... kill it w/fire Mike.
Oh how I love to engage in competition. The last one standing is all that matters.
Douglas says If your holding in farts your holding in secrets, that's not a good relationship
call 01636 703105 and ask for Stacey if lost. I am out doing a bride in morning, but should get in before you leave x
Reading the hunger games at b&n. Really good book so far! (:
our signs rule the world ayee 👍👏
you didn't think giving up a second round pick to move up one spot for kellen Winslow was a good move?
I think you are missing the point, camera are cheaper than people and the blue light looks like is doing something
That Chris Bieber kid has nothing alike to justin
I'm proud of you! looks awesome—can't wait til you're published.
how come its illegal to sell your children, but it's legal to sell your sperm/eggs?
'Does it feel like Christmas?'
giving the star trek vulcan peace sign...lol.. love it
yay...made it in time to #shehechat...thought I was gonna be late.....hey is that ? he made it this week? ;)
she doesn't look very pumped.
? If u wait till inauguration. When end illegal #drugwar - I bake u"special" brownies #legalize plants
From our collection MT : 2012 Weather Vanes stamps available 1/20 in POs across U.S. Such beautiful folk art!
Maybe I'm a bitch but when I'm nice people just want to use it against me
SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 2012: We had , a and a game at the same time, but no problems. How? WE WERE TOO BUSY #WINNING!
Time flies when you're having fun! Tweeting from New Jersey
Really enjoyed hanging out on Sunday. Thnx for the good being a good host and the exlnt conversation!
what are they even saying in who let the dogs out
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend. Can we have a ball? plz? I want to deliver some realness.
Oven Why You No Wanna Work? </3 Now GotTo Ask TheBf To Use His OvenLol.
Really #Chicago you have to tear up every corner sidewalks on every block in my neighborhood. Serious was this really needed.
i was lucky enough to run across your videos...had to stop by and say hi.
I like woman.
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Before You Ask, Yes We Sell "Alone Time" With The Bodies
I miss being 13 :/ May 27th:)
Looks like the roads are wet and the grass is white. No travel concerns. Today's sessions will take place as scheduled.
Coupon Codes Watch Tv On Pc In Philippines - Star Valley Solutions
Just going to say this: #WordPress's "Link to exisiting content" function rocks the shizznit. Now if I could make those links Bit.ly!
It'll change to but not me my phone must LOVE austin but not me!
You're a tool. Congrats
Friday will be amazing with , and devon. :)
Final Wisdom I reception at SIGGRAPH -tonight John Fillwalk, Jesse Allison, Donald Kuspit, Hans Breder, CCBrown - haptic poetry installation
Ppl be on other shit these days forreal tho
hey stranger
Houston UX email address changed to: (the gmail address no longer works... cause google can suck it)
taking home a role which required so much. She deserves kudos just for giving it a shot tbh
I miss you too !!!
What if the Patriots had Denver's defense? Tom Brady & Von Miller
Listening to Notorious Thugs at 9am has to be foreshadowing how awesome my day is going to be.
i dont want him. i want you.
Wonderful testimony by Laura & Reina of the Arts & Business Council!
Happy Birthday !!!! Love ya....
Explanation? RT : I think I might have a quarter fetish.
Civil War Roundtable of Nazareth to sponsor book discussion, Adam Goodheart 1861
Finally!!! 6 on 5...one more
u at the knicks game?
You are not!
Can't get sound from computer link. Hm. had to call in.
Yeah Packers!!!!!
There Is So Manyy Fake Twitters For Ray Ray From , Which One Is The Reall One?! Probably Not Even Following The Right MB ^_^
must-not-get-sick.
also, former OU head coach Barry Switzer was right in front of me. That's 20 minutes of material right there....thanks again.
aahhh. Ok, makes sense now. :-)
Presley makes Hurdle's double switch look like a brilliant move w/ a solo homerun. Both Pirates homeruns tonight came on 0-1 pitches.
Colin is at work. Everyone else should go!
Its Election Day in Miami-Dade County. Polls are now open. Do your part to improve our communities. Vote for Carlos Gimenez
New headshots won't make you a better actor.
Let's go Reds!
Who gives a better handjob? A trailer trash whore trying to raise her 6 kids, or Jeff Dunham.
as i said to my other friends who happen to be caps fans...i love ya, but hockey is hockey! bring it!
Hey #Atlanta did you check out the newspaper this morning. Elvis Tribute show, reply to this tweet if you want some free tickets
THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS. THEY'RE ABOUT TO PLAY SAY SOMETHIN AGAIN.
Really liking a certain someonee, :) <3
I think dead week might actually kill me this year. tired stressed and overworked
Chillin with my boy
I need more fortune cookies in my life, I think. :)
DENVER fans! Come check us out this Sat at The Roxy. Its ALL AGES! Gather your friends and come party! $10, we play at 8:30. Hit me up 4 tix
I wish I had an emoji that flicked off ppl off so I could do that right now to all of the bullshittin ass niggas out there lol
lol I love how George refuses to use the bathroom in India. Or when he demands Jerry let him sleep with Elaine to punish him.
It's amazing how productive my #Starbucks study sessions are.
Just found #openaccess metadata specific to a project I'm working on! :D
It's a great little tour! Very fun. The Pinot grigio is pretty awesome.
There were TONS I could not use. Never had the pleasure of Batman Cereal.
Finally give Masterson run support, he pitches his ass off, and then Perez implodes. Thanks for killing our opening day buzz Perez!
My motto: If u don't remember it...It didn't happen!~~ Can I hear an AMEN?
RT : With your support, UDARP today denied approval to demolition-centered proposal for Superblock. Thank you!
Going for the gold! Went shopping last night for extra training.
#FF Thank you Dave! Enjoy your weekend! :)
OUR Bishop is live on the air at 102.5FM tune in!
5 days in LA = final vacation of 2012 !
About Wooster's CoRE Library space- I can just hear some stodgy professor: "There's no BOOKS! How can you have a library without any books?"
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did. Explore Dream Discover ~ MT
if you ever wear elastic pants around me again this is all done. Thanks.
boys boys you are both pretty...play nice.
A 7% Unemployment going into Nov. Election should be good for the President to get re-elected
your tweets want to make me kill myself.
I can relate. I've been working on a new site myself. Lots of time & work, but will be worth it!
Inspired by : How do we make off-site & on-site visitors feel like part of a community?
house rented from posting on #RomeNewsTribune. Love it when everything simply works as planned.
lol :) i cant believe ur in whitesville gosh ur so close to where i live DX my parents are gone :\
Would love to see as the keynote at the next #arlisna conference! Anyone want to help me campaign to make it happen?
how long do you have to wear that? You don't need surgery do you ?
my brotha!!! wats good wit u man
Fennimore 1B Trevor Lyeter makes a diving stop to his right and tosses it to P Evan Friesen covering first for the out. Great play!
Oh No!! What happened?!
If you could only eat one frozen yogurt flavor for the rest of your life, which flavor would it be?
10$ off anything just use karma rep code :lesher100
I really like your shirt! ; )
phone died brah..
BEN Some yes. Some no. Why?
Need a more comfortable desk
LMAO I love a woman who says what's on her mind
But NOTHING is impossible if YOU believe it. If there is a will there is a way . Believe that !
shaving seems such a losing battle. *sigh*
High of 37 today. Thanks Patrick Hammer
You actions show what your heart is made of
omg ur guys r going to the philippines dats where i came from..i wish i can come back soon in manila to visit relatives:)
It's so annoying to me that people think Obama stated his opinion for vote. 1. It's politics. It happens. 2. Stop trying to make him out as
Many people miss the silver lining because they are always looking for GOLD:)
blah blah blah
Raleigh, I like you, but you people are clowns behind the wheel when it rains.
the link went straight to the story - nice work! Get a new setup?
was there a pedestrian hit by train in Arlington Hts?
wait, to clarify, part 1 of our senior prank was wearing halloween costumes because we had a snow day on halloween & never got to dress up.
I prefer white text on dark background. (original research)
- That's probably not true -MIGHT be in H-O-R-S-E ... That's about it
i got to be in our place at 6. So i can have everything set before he gets there at 7.. :-)
good morning cuz'n...
Down with Mickey Mouse!
Im hopin he picks Kentucky, but my guts is tellin me he's goin to Georgtown!!
SS, well, prob still RS, but working on it, girl! :)
Few things excite me more than free WiFi at the airport.
#gardening No idea, sorry!
It's J-Luv...I feel like giving away some tix to the 10/16 Club Red show with Tash of the Alkaholiks.
Definitely, I've been on those forums for about 6-7 months, there's a tremendous wealth of info, and the group is very loyal!
I only wish that I could find a disney movie on tv monday tv sucks
Would Colts be silly taking him over Luck?
Center for Healing in Harmony is a private therapy practice which uniquely combines confidential counseling w/ holistic healing methods.
I'm sorry but breastfeeding a 3 year old seems inappropriate to me. Kid should be at least 16.
What's happening?
The bus is not the place to PAINT YOUR FUCKING NAILS LADY, CUT THAT SHIT OUT. GOD MY EYES ARE WATERY THAT SHIT SMELLS.
Happy 4th to all!! It is my hubby's birthday so we have a day full of family fun :) Have a great day, everyone!!
For two years my dad thought my tattoo was a fake henna tattoo. Haha I just told him the truth. Boy was he angry!!
I feel so bad for her, what guy does that to a girl 
is proud to announce that will be joining for their summer tour. Check both of these bands out!
“: Red Gummi Bear from jamba juice is where it's at..”
Yes it is April fool's Day, but its not a license to be foolish. Don't play pranks that cause people harm.
Royals-White Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
If on she'd have jumped in with both feet. This is a TOTAL SECRET, but it turns out we're both a tad forward!
Played any noteworthy games lately? I found Uncharted 3 on Amazon for $16 shipping and all! Gotta finish ME3 tho LOL.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 82
It's a well documented fact sir that women glow when they are pregnant and become more beautiful.
they probably think I am too "negative". Fuck them
My email is not blowing up today. It's like a cat without an M-80 shoved up its rectum.
Just got for #spokes call out meeting. Ready to rock and roll!
Listening to interview with Michael Emerson not only fun, but gave me an inspirational idea on how to write the next book!
hm, ppl that find it easy to love are rare, that takes a bit of courage.
Last week- Malibu. This week- Eastern Long Island.
is welcoming Election Day clerks and judges for training today and Sunday! Thanks for your service!
No bread or sweets for lent! Practicing self control
- if you decide to throw up in a firemen's helmet, just make sure a fireman isn't wearing it. They seem to frown on that.
#quotes Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle. Norman Mailer
Going to Chicago Wednesday!
Happy Birthday Danny! Have a Earth-Tastic Day :)
oh val I wouldn't make you do anything you didn't already wanna do :p
I heard that the #Knicks have messed up their series with the #Heat so bad, the #NBA is letting the #Bucks finish it for them
headed to CoRoc now N New Mexico. U need to try the Ciroc Peach too
That's Cool! & Yup, I have this certain attraction to all the jacksons, it's hard not to be a fan. lol :)
David Brooks is a tweeter's challenge--I give up, too many great, hilarious, insightful one-liners to keep up with!
but not a great game by any measure.
Rhythm in Ducks offense. We haven't seen that since the Civil War
I hate how I fall for the tapontheshoulderandnoonesthere joke!
may think it's pretty cool too: #gospelinlife happening 8599 miles away
Lmfao I'm resisting the temptation of not subtweeting
Because occupy wallstreet is full of crack heads and degenerate worthless piles of shit that would rather stand on corners than work.
okay okay okay!
Young Jeezy Way too Gone #N/p
Wow, I dreamt last night that I invented pure WATER that I converted to a lightweight granular form. Easily transportable & storable.
Did Marketplace just play The Pixies' "Debaser" after a segment on the financial crisis?
I'm going to Jaleo at the Cosmo. :)
No! Stay away from my food...and clothes...and hair.
Come out n see JT & the Urge and Inbound Kennedy tonight Great deals on drinks!
thanks John he is always good for a memorable rant!!!
Dibs, been listening since day one...toggling between you and gary...that said, you're owning SportsTalk!
*People speaking a different language* They're obviously talking about me
Nice. enjoy!
I wish I had a license to whoop ass!
pshhh i hate the Lakers.like i said i want OKC to win but ithink is time for Lebron to get a ring,he works hard and is good.
Some people who left work at 3 yesterday still stuck on Lakeshore Drive! So glad I opted not to drive.
I think he probably might have, but it's hard to tell. We have lots of pedestrians & traffic & that might have spooked her too
I think is an IPA guy. Try Stone IPA.
screw you logo quiz!
"How can we tell the story...in a way that is accurate, respectful, compelling, and does them justice?" Have some ideas.
Y do u nvr want to go 2 bed but nvr want 2 get up in the morning?
Josh Smith (knee) expects to play in Game 4 against Boston on Sunday
Katie Horner during a tornado warning is less excited than Rex Hudler.
Is that a restaurant in a city-owned building too?
is way to obsessed wit justin beiber... :D and so is
really? When?
Not Josh? Lol RT : Alan Kopp and Spencer Schultz lead Verona onto the field.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL Tweetchat! Share your #TEFL plans for the summer or ask us questions!
"How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!" Romans 10:15 Be one who brings good news!!
good! Lol. You having fun on vacation?
I love you with all my heart . . .
I want to spot (meet? if not awk/bad timing) celebs while there's a movie being filmed in #RVA, but I'm always at work, and also... shy.
Vicki is working on finalizing the design for her new book, Capital Porties, which features 80 Portuguese Water Dogs from around here.
but im always phuckin w/redbones
That moment with texts a rap remix of him in his car. I literally just died.
just wait until they implement serve your own surgery.
We are too! RT: : " Gotta check THIS out. So stoked for this race!!"
Biron...pretty gutless & dirty & (Orpik) is known for sticking his knee out & his elbow out & I don’t really care what he says in defense...
ever come down to ATL? You can catch Molly Holly at the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Fanfest 6/4-5 - www.promolastevents.com
On this #DreamChaser shit niggas got to get it !!!!
Well you have ones we killed still... so thought that would count for something...
i concur! <3 might be the first poem anyone ever's written for us. Feeling pretty warm and fuzzy inside. thanks !
let me know when you're in town (aka midtown or downtown), maybe we can do lunch tomorrow or late dinner?
Should I go back to Clark next year ? Damn , I do but then I don't -.-
Having a really good day. (:
- Who are you? Do you have a website?
yeah i got a girl (: she is amazing (:
Somebody come with me to the doctors tomorrow morning D:
I blame Rush
Always surround with positive (like-minded) people who'll lift you higher and let you move forward.
you are very welcome! But just remember...ur the one that makes it #FRESH. The shirt just helps a bit :) have a great weeknd
If hitler and michael jordan have the same mustache, is it now okay for me to have that mustache?
Kinda freaking out
both of you come to UC...tomorrow
Lost the recycle bin on my computer, that's a new one.
Can't stop watching Whose Line on YouTube...
don't leave me here.😰
Chicken noodle soup to warm up my soul from this horrible cold.
Happy #solstice! celebrate the 1st day of #summer w/ a deep exfoliating facial! $20 off a 1 1/2 hour anti-age facial. Valid through 6/28/11
cant sleep.
Sorry, kids trivia guy is not making it in today so we have to cancel.
In a perfect world, today would be Day 1 of the NBA season. Hurts man. It hurts.
- I feel for you on the KG issue.
Viendo #MTV Music ;)
wishing all a safe and wonderful 2012!
Happy Birthday ! Our all time favorite is 'Oh, the Places You'll Go.' What is your favorite?
AFTRA & SAG members if u haven't voted find that ballot and send it in and vote YES for our future. It's in our hands.
lol ok ok u win
I enjoyed the podcast of "Boundary Bridge" and your music...very impressive. :-)
Aw Happy bday to him :)
#AmazingRace season finale!
How do hide the tears when the Holy Spirit "whacks" you in a public setting?
Get it in
If you're an early riser and a die-hard Padres fan, make your way over to TK! are here 6-10a for today's home opener!
Are you in the Portland Bike Club? Follow for info on the latest perks and discounts, and stop by the booth at
its terrible to see who the fallen are. Linus would have been an important part of the rebuilding process...
thanks for visiting SJSU today! :)
Time for apres-breakfast mid-morning pre-lunch meal.
RT BREAKING: The #Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on #S1789. 74 yeas, 22 nos.
but don't ever think that a story ends...and Opal's spirit lives on in a shiny bright Ruby....
i miss amy winehouse
“: “: : I know my favorite bruh will sponsor me, so I'm all good” -- nah be owt and don't register lol” Trife” lol
Making dinner plans based on expiring Living Social deals. (Which means the already busy place in question will probably be insane tonight).
Let's take on one industry at a time! Love the back-n-forth - great conversation! #hearmeroar :)
Are there any inde shops left in Phx if so could you please list them I prefer them to chains
They all say that. *shifty eyes*
#kill dem #shidz I'm
50 people in a room making a conference schedule 4 conference that starts in 26 mins. #thatcamptexas Woot!
Tolu : im gonna hunt black people for a living. Me : so your gonna hunt yourself ? ;D
I'll help
I shuttered the first time I saw one!
You bet! ": could you play Kenny's Boys of Fall. My son will be starting football conditioning soon. Thanks!”
Thanks for the following. We hope you enjoy our tweets.
what's the fore letter word you say when you miss the ball :) #needtolearn #Father'sDayGift
Why yo lips so dry???
BUT I don't like change, haha! I can't give up a Joe Mac opportunity ;)
where u at bro?
and paper/pencil/thumbs.
Kick ass talk by on fierceness as irruption by way of Tina Turner, Lady GaGa, and Paris is Burning at Annenberg this afternoon!
I feel you on this, hope you feel better 😁❤
@ the US passport office to renew my passport.
Just thinking about the little girl that fell out of her chair at bdubs makes me laugh! Haha
I get the most interesting looks on the days I have to carry my tools with me.
I don't think so! But good luck.
Tune in to #GoodDayAustin on #myfoxaustin at 9:40 for great #fengshui tips for #2011! will be giving some great advice!
Broadcast journalist Connie Chung born today in 1946! 2nd woman to ever co-anchor a major network's nat'l news broadcast.
what you said
I meant those douchebags at the NFL and cinci for getting all giddy...
thank u brotha man! always glad to put a smile on ppl's faces! ;)
do me a favor and stop pretending to be my friend.
#hth2012 great talk in students as researchers, documenting stratigraphy of construction phases in Pompeii
But I like Team Paso for the gorgeous shirtless hotties!! Lol
DYK? Beethoven was a coffee lover & was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
All I want is to plant a victory garden.
Yolo Is Not the word i say , My word is
SAVE THE DATE! Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012. See you then!
oh. I get it now.
mock all you want. No goat for you.
Hi, we're a DC-based co working out of the Watergate. We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
The start of another semi-pro football season....and for the first time in 5 years I won't be covering a game. I think I'll get over it.
is fucking amazing and needs to come to #Louisville for a drag show.
717 views on #TornOutPages. I can't believe this. I really am shocked and amazed but I don't know how to keep things going. EEP
after watching that it's never no excuse for a bad blunt if you got two hands lol
This Wednesday - Central Market Westgate in Austin, TX - 6:30-9pm. Early show, good food and air conditioned - good times!!
Things seen around Fenway when entering the EMC level: Larry Lucchino squiring around some prime cougar talent.
I understand completely. I lived in a 1000 sq ft condo with 4 kids until recently.
Was curly wareing padding
i think the best part of a speak now show was when taylor would do a cover.
Saw David Allen today at SPBT.org. He said, "It's not information overload; it's 'potential meaning' overload that is overwhelming."
So Echo's attic nightmare involves a savage black man and Asians serving mystery meat? #Dollhouse has developed one messed up race problem.
How do we twitter the President if we have an idea that would CREATE JOBS and ELIMINATE MILLIONS to billions on Unemployment?
Wouldn't buying in bulk be cheaper? Either they're confused or Costco is.
Florida ranks 4th in the US in women-owned businesses.
One reason to object to the "love" rhetoric that pervades academe. Love=work harder for less money.
And...a chance to say the 2 golden words: "I booked" Many congrats.
BUT THEY ALL LICE ICON BLUE! (:
Everyone #FF ALPFA NY's own President on Twitter: -- Wish him a Happy Birthday today!
Some people just aren't good at whispering.
Proposal Warrior was at it again. I spent another 14+ hour day meeting proposal deadlines. Good thing for 5 Hour Energy Drink!
hoo tryna get beats? and wear whenever you want bruh.
#oomf doesn't realize how completely adorable he is. i'm sure mr. right is out there, waiting for him. ☺
what's breakout of fans? Sounds more UK than KU on TV
Big Butts w/ Dents <<<<
RT : It's going to be a cool start to the week says another storm could be headed our way later in the week
Just heard a great #worldbooknight story from a giver - he took his books to a halfway house and the recipients got tears in their eyes
Looking forward to Workforce Planning and Analytics Workshop in SF on 12/1 and 12/2! Sponsored by Insitute for Human Resources
So apparently Tool is working on a new album. . .
no judgement here
Mornin! RT From Detroit to Flakes Mills and all over Battle Creek Good AM Michigan !!!
Excited to join the #socialSJSU class tonight! Any SocialCRM questions I can make sure and answer this evening?
I've had 5 people this morning send me the same stupid spam. Five people who are now blocked & reported. Knock it off, spammers.
ever heard of dirty rice? my cajunness is a beautiful thing.
got my nose re-pierced
Anyone have any ideas for dinner ?? Help me out here...far south side of milw. Co.
Drove 6 hours to see the O's vs Red Sox at Fenway and gets rained out,now what to do with the tickets?
Hail 3" in diameter in Hopkins Co along parkway
The beauty of this life God has given us is that every day is a new chance to be who we want to be, to be better than yesterday. Life=sweet
please follow meh ((: it would make my week cuzz who likes school? Hah (: pleasefollow!!
Do Not: Let periodontal disease get any worse once it has been identified.
Is there a problem in the social mobile local app dev space because they are primarily being built by 20 something year old dudes ?
Stuck throttle or brake failure at 190 mph
long lost friend! caught your blog via fb - beautiful work! looks like all is well :)
i wanna go on an adventure!!
"Oh my gosh!" translation: what i say when some moron is yapping and im not listening!
Agreed. RT: I would be really excited about being able to add my AOL screen names to GChat, but alas, it's not the year 2000.
dearest pansy thanks for wanting to give up harry. bitch. love katie bell
In. All in.
Developing situation for the for good things.....
Same here my freind said it was virus and not to click on the link
sex sex sex sex sex since i just got your attention hey bol
I want some #change to the normal everyday routine.
I don't dispute that. I'd like to hear why Bo is doing it, but we may never hear that.
why the people in twitter say ''i follow back '' and follow 6473 and have 26354 followers !!! how follow back !!
"Thank you for whipping the crowd into a frenzy!" Best line so far tonight.
Hey gurl how've you've been ? :) miss ya twitter buddy
Yankee Stadium: never again. Sox loss aside, that was the single most horrifying night of my life!
Congrats on getting your Tickets! Be on the lookout for REDD!
it will be good to see you on the big screen again John - looking forward to the Raven
Sorry for this cynicism, but the ongoing "liveable city" awards show probably shouldn't include 65+ days over 100 degrees.
yes that would help.
Thanks for the follow back, Rhonda. Welcome!
is sad... first time in 2 years.
Just wrapping up a new ad for Sharp Equity. Should shake things up a bit in the Realtor World.
I'm happy to chat with you about the panel.
Why do I get the idea that I'm going to hate the Black Keys before this NCAA tournament is over?
Not sure right now.. But I'm feeling inspired.
That moment when you realize all your friends are dating someone except you
everyone sells themselves. How and in what way do you sell yourself? can you do better?
Don’t forget it was God who healed or delivered you. Return and Follow God! Be Encouraged!
hearing alex trebek say "albert camus" in that over-the-top french accent = awesome
I'd rather be single and break hearts then be in a relationship and get my heart broken.
how come people dont support local rappers ???
I had a dream that my English teacher was gonna play videos all period as our lesson... #keepdreaming @ ~Kristyn
You're ugly."Okay."You're stupid."Cool."I hate you."I don't care."Austin Mahone can't sing." I give you 5 seconds to run.
Harry Potter & the Prisoner of Azkaban 
I will now keep my mouth shut. The celts are winners
I don't inform most people, but most people leave knowing they didn't get the job.
Thanks for the RT. :)
Dad taught me, "if you can see through it, it ain't beer."
new cars are the way to go. When u buy thou u need to see the gas mpg. And check it against what other people say
Its all my fault.! Welp! Not a goodnight so far. Ill be happy to make it through tonight.
12:25 felt like a mini earthquake near NYC
I'm not ruining it by looking at the setlist
I'm borderline sunburnt, I spent too much money and my pants are a little tighter. All the markings of a successful vacation.
#OneThingAboutMe is that I pray every night to wake up in the morning to see that followed me !
