Pot roast nachos down at the Tavern in Bown Crossing. Best nachos here PERIOD!
Easter Bunny Breakfast Ticket Sale is CLOSED! We're working on our #Pinterest page - do you pin?!
YES! IT WILL BE A PEETA PARTY.
I've overstayed my welcome.
It's ok, I've done it. More than once.
hell naw son!!!!
OW just stepped on a tack
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Yeah this weather isn't working for me.
Fingers crossed this goes well
The worst thing is to be nobody to anybody .
Ugh, I sympathize, like they have a job to go to or something lol
I Want Some now tho(:
I feel ya bro!
So... are you in the NBA now or what?
thanks 4 being such an inspiration for not only me but 4 others to keep believing, i love you so much!
RT : Joining Paul Allen on tomorrow at 10:55. Always an adventure & cool to be on with PA.
shirts off
Dear goodness, makes me actually want to watch Live! with Kelly. How is he looking even hotter now? Newly single perhaps?
I saw that movie . . . in the theater. It is deserving of all those awards.
I just can't take tests.
Loving my new google voice account
Why thank ..
It won't be the first worst you've ever seen comment related to that thing. Wait, did I say that out loud?
Ok off to run some errands, pick up some supplies, stop by the library, store then back to work tell tonight again.. I need a vacation.
NEW FLAVOR ALERT: Moonlight Swirl is now carrying Cake Batter Fro-Yo. Stop by today and give it a try!
you are preaching to the choir. WE are lucky in the City to have a lot of spots and small wait list but County not so much.
one got commute that normally takes 35 minutes? check. grr.
We need a senior prank long reach!!!!!
June 9th : best day of my life??
Great article and what we should be focused on.
Thanks for the mention!
Congrats! Wonderful news!
Luckily I didn't shoot up the bus I did see a terrorist. I think
If you're not weird, then you're not GRAND! right? lolol. :)
thank you to all who attended the first WordCamp Ed DC. We've learned a lot -- stay tuned to the blog and let's continue to collaborate!
kay that was "wish you were here - Avril Lavigne" YOU SHOULD COVER IT!!
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astonish ourselves." -- Thomas Edison, Inventor
This week and I are competing to see who can get the most free drinks out of Frieze Week. Drink tally via
“He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.”~Roy L. Smith
Gonna figure out this Twitter/FaceBook synching thing for once and for all.
don't be!
OMW to my 6th work holiday party.
My favorite commercial of all time is the #sundrop conmercial
shut up
RT : #ThingsIWantTheMost candy and chocolate that doesn't make you fat.
my friend is a nail polish fanatic. Christina, what are you supposed to put in gloppy nail polish to fix it?
Here comes the sun (doo doo doo doo)...last day for Hair of the Belly specials! Open 12p-4p for lunch/hangover helpers & late night 11p-3a.
In Nashville for the weekend!!
so hot
I'm going Old School here w Jessie "The Body" Ventura!
Fuck you and that comment jk you right doe bro
<<<<< built up stress, that needs to be released :(
oh shit...didn't know you could hear all that..ps.it was "my underwears inside out"
good luck with those stairs !
You're mazing! I love your music! Best country singer<3 PLEASE FOLLOW BACK.
Straightening my hair then working in mens dress shirts 10 till 2 ;) htc w/ plans!!
January is Unchain a Dog Month. Allow your best friend inside, where they are safest and happiest!
To the one person who stalked me here and objected to what she saw, but shouldn't have done: the war's on, just you wait.
If it wasn't for him, then I think I would've killed myself that night.
#hash browns
You know your coffee's strong when you put the spoon in to stir it and it stands straight up.
The intolerable acts were...pretty intolerable.
Dear BASIX CAFE, when serving pizza, it helps to melt the cheese before serving it.
Hi, I wondered have you done any baseball myths? Heard various pitch styles & being left/right handed had advantages. How so?
I have a little idea, but we'll see. Does this mean theyll air ep 2 and have 3 available On Demand?
If there are still problems, drop us a line at & we should be able to help. ~CA
I'm going to second that. Make it fabulous!
I just watched "new girl" this am on my flight. Loved it!
“: What is going on today.... The world is basically ending...”
enjoying the movie?
RT "This Andrew Bird song needs more whistling!!" ~ Andrew Bird
big ten basketball...grab as much as you can on defense until the refs call it. What happened to moving your feet on defense?
Don't get my ranting wrong, I'm not a Facebook hater. It's that Instagram was non-revenue generating entity with no clear monetization model
What up NEWBEE ALEX S> newest west coast VANE + INTERN
Talking to the parent you don't live with is always easier than talking to the one you do.
Anyone else like Undercover Boss on CBS?
FOLLOW BE JUSTIN<333 I WILL EXPLODE AND CRY HAPPYNESS OUT OF MY EYES<3 BTW HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY<333
hes not here, i think he has ap testing
I am at Cali Ballet and waiting for my daughter from her ballet class
I'm really sad. No one thought my Death in Venice hip hopera rumor was funny.
Lotta people in line for an Our Lady Peace show.
Enjoying some post-exercise Ben & Jerry's, because if working out doesn't mean I get treats, then dear god what is the point??
Not sure what the heck the Hawks were thinking, but thank God they won in OT and not regulation. Much rather the Wings & Preds goto war 1st.
awww its ok!!really its fine!!
Boobs are proof that men can focus on two things at once.
Will you get Founders Devil Dancer & Blushing Monk or FW Parabola? What's limited on your shelves at the moment?
Thanks for the
There is not so much as four feet of space not occupied by a vehicle on all westbound streets from Los Feliz to the sea.
Congrats to Eduardo Zepeda from Weslaco Public Library in Weslaco,TX for winning the $20,000 Graphic Novel Library Giveaway!
Meeting with elected officials and staffs from the MO delegation to the US House and Senate to talk about federal charter issues.
That's a lot, but it's still a little unclear what they want to be.
Motorola FTL. Charging/battery, or screen?
i'm so high i can't remember how i was brainwashed to accept what's in store.
hahahha you are SO lame :) love you too puta:)
It's crazy how true my horoscopes were this past weekend...
God Bless you brother.
Just got the new APR: a Kenneth Patchen retrospective & 6 poems my my old prof Norman Dubie.
did he cry on the phone ???
What took a long time or seemed impossible a few years ago done in a minutes or hours now- thanks usage assmnt & reporting tools!
Love those shirts!
thank you!
WEDNESDAY = FRIED CHICKEN NIGHT
YES it was literally HOT, lost like 10 pounds by end of shoot. Love the HAZING.
On-set grand slams against the #Brewers bullpen. I should've predicted that, right?
New product launch in Vegas today!!!
I'm god
It's great! Busy as ever. Stop down anytime. It'll be good to see you again :-)
The problem is that it shouldn't be that way; that's why academia often feels so homogenous.
Earlier, it was rainy & freezing. Now, our wall of windows is creating a greenhouse effect. Sweating like a hooker in church.
we're coming to your next game....... When is it?
*A nerdy guys phone goes off* Jock: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* Nerd: "Nope. It was yours." *Dead silence*
is off to Harajuku!
It's reaaaaddding time 💡😁
lolz, ima just wear my orange wolf hat thingy(:
NYE with AMAZING!!!!!
It's 2012 and these things called tv and internet! No excuse for anyone to not be able to cook something
“ “ Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way..””
Back To Work!!!
Lol the end of the bed is alwaays fressh :$
hahahaha your such a doofus then why didnt you.?
Hey guy who better you or bow?
INDIE WED MKE is tomorrow!! Be there or be square.
just started rapping.
So cute!!
Wheels up, Chicago bound
I do it because it hurts, but it's a hurt that helps. You don't understand until you do it.
makes me feel good to know other grown ass women don't iron their work clothes.
It's difficult to seek other people's love. It's deadly. This is the prison we create for ourselves as we seek what we already have.
When people are hypocrites I want to punch them.
I agree I love that show
My puppy is the cutiest thing ever!:D
Good morning
We have 3499 followers! Who'll be the lucky 3500th follower? Thx for your support, tweeps!
I was a bit tiltet in the hand and squeezed with A-Jo. What did you have?
#thechain? Now how did we ruin such a classic Fleetwood Mac tune for you?
RIP Mitchell Guist
Seattle Fire responded to HAZMAT spill in Benson Hall on the third floor. No one was hurt. First two floors are clear.
That's a nice place. While you're at it, why not check out just a few blocks down? :-)
I'd like to point out that whoever is writing your projections is doing a terrible job. They are not funny and not helpful
Have Faith 
Bet he'd kill to get invited to practice now. MT : 10 yrs ago today, AI was talking about practice. Practice, man. Practice.
Do i know you? RT : Omg youre honestly just the cats meow.
*Raises hand* I called it on the right pitch too :)
what do I have to do to win an Oscar? Next Monday a 's insider will tell me.
I'm such a pessimist when it comes to student council elections...why?...why?...why?
Get used to the Shanny way with QBs. He benched the Snake when Broncos has chance at playoffs for Cutler and missed postseason.
Who this I'm pretty?jw
substitute any term. Still works.": RT : Obama explains that "unprecedented" doesn't mean anything when he says it."
Swear ta god
I'm at a talk by Lisa Gitelman: "Typescript Books and the Moment of Microforms," at the #UCLA Information School.
LIVE PATCAST IN 45 MINUTES! Are you ready?
Welcome to Havnot Records Twitter
cum bang me from behind, make me sweat..
RT He who gets up one more time than he falls, makes it through.
Yeahyoubetter. :D <33 How is.. whatever you're doing?
RT : It's a great day for some freestyle shows here at w & !
We Lovett!!! “: great weekend to be an L.A. sports fan. we Lovett! #lakers #clippers #kings #dodgers”
This year’s One State conference will gather thinkers and makers alike to exchange and inspire Breakthrough ideas and resources.
I'm sure you got in boo<3
Wow. Lots of people on Twitter love their moms. We got that going for us. Which is nice.
I cant WAIT to see tonight at the Sideshowcase! Wanna see aerilists, improv, and a play reading? Belmont Black box theater. 8pm!
finding another beer in yer fridge is better than christmas. or hanukkah, for my King David homies.
Aaaaahhhhhh!!! Help me!!
Yall gotta watch this youtube i just watched about fearing the Lord . It will literally have you on your knees at ur comp or phone
Follow me on Twitter
RT Ck out he #moo his way around NY in a cow outfit it's wicked funny!!! He even played guitar hero
Shoulder muscles blown out - look like a gorilla - zonked - awesome surf day!
I ran a mile today! Wheeeee!
U r 15 years old, u r a liberal, how do u know the law?
TGIF! "Like" this post if you're ready for the weekend.
The Voice!
lol.. you have Ps3 right?? If so send me a friend request @ E_BELL1988 !
whenever ppl like my facebook status's, it gives me the sense that I might actually be funny. or they're liking it cuz I write dumb stuff.
Actress Cynthia Nixon Reveals How Rosacea Has Impacted Her Life - MarketWatch (press release)
Awareness is empowering.—Rita Wilson
Lol my section was getting too live tonight tho!! Lol two people got kicked out tonight, right in front of me! They were about to box👊
I don't think so. They do (and view) dissertations a bit differently than USians do..
At 2pm I will be giving away Kelly Clarkson's CD Stronger and a chance to meet her! Be caller 103 and know this word of the day, "Funday!"
When do you play? I'm always looking for a new run.
I. feel. shitty.
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "Mexico has no future if it continues to spend the same ammount on oil subsidies as it invests in education"
Ed!!! Come out behind the venue <3 it's freezing!!!!
I hate those people who ask what is a trend that's trending . Like if you don't know then don't ask .
More and more I'm convinced we need less innovation and more ingenuity.
Holy are You, God. Holy is Your name. With everything I've got, my heart will sing how I love You
I prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
Oh how fun! I love ! My hubby just picked some up for me today!
and there goes Axford's consecutive saves streak and the go ahead run is on third base.
FCSI-The Americas Recognizes Top Performers and Products at Spring Conference
CNN: The San Diego Co. ME's office confirms that former NFL star Junior Seau died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound of the chest.
. is in Minneapolis?!
Thanks to y'all!
hola! FYI yes, i was told article would be out by "August 1" ... i will find out more + update you if I learn anything new :)
We can meet up after work & I can take you home.
Question: What was Portland's best restaurant 20 years ago?
the krusty krab pizza is the pizza for you and me
LOL! ": Judges. RT Today tell us the best bar to take your girl for a nice night out. Ladies participate too!"
#FF #Ford #smbmad Oh gee thanks - what fun we will have. Do you have a Ford Story to share?
I miss riding round with My nanna and sister sitting in the back seat on a hot day listening to the beach boys #childhood memories
Hey KiKi its Roscoe. You still in Boston?
Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution. #peace #love and
Have you been able to capture them photogenically?
Good Morning everyone guess who's back
"I am the devil. And I'm here to do the devil's work." From Otis Driftwood in the Movie,"The Devil's Rejects".
awwh glad i was one of the good people! Lol =) it was nice seeing yhu to fam.
RT It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear. -Douglas Adams.
Why yes, those are the original plans of the building. Why would we have told you about them?
right here. Follow back
What are legit prices to charge for a carwash fundraiser? Wash only or wash & vacuum - not sure what to charge for each. Recommendations?
I love waking up next to
Charles Vest emphasizes globalization of R&D and education: challenges complacent nationalism as major obstacle for higher ed
Pretty Pretty Please Follow Me(;?
MY BIRTHDAYS IN 18 DAYS :D
Halftime in MIlwaukee, leads 6-2
Makes me sleepy just reading it! RT : 430am bus..... 630 flight w/ connection on way to Indy. 705pm game. Awesomeness
Hey we are looking to work with high fashioned models on a calendar project do please express your interest
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
So cute to see ginny all scared about harry at the beginning and then they get married at the very very end
Thanks for that excellent review!
always free food as drinks!
Thanks for the follow! We are following back, keep helping folks out everday!
We love you Keith, so glad to see you tweeting!
I try
I see a lot of young bright people who are throwing there lives away for nonsense.Think about your future more then the present.
Damn one more week and college is over
People like you more when you don't give a fuck.
Feeling like Monday here. What do you tell yourself when you need a tsunami of motivation and inspiration?
#cleveland vs This game is better than Christmas
it would be, btw, really nice to get demographic data on 50shades readership. somwhere.
Sometimes a little bowl of truth is all you need.
#codyjakeustream You know you wanna give a shoutout to Sammy Megan and Jackie from NY ;D
And if I ever lose my hands, lose my phone, lose broadband, O if I ever lose my hands, I won't have to update my status no more.
Can you believe 70% of email worldwide is SPAM...
thanks. I like that the led uses less energy. I have one of each and can't decide which to keep upstairs. Leaning led.
Is success really about talent? To me success is much more about dedication, persistence, resilience & giving up on "trying" and just doing.
Just remembered why I liked being single.....
No more Rosie Perez ????
#pageantgirls make sure to follow the new miss greater rochester
Blown away by how young #entrepreneurs are changing the world. What's your secret ?
Tony told us this world was ours and the Bible told us every girl is sour
Why you worry about me dam fool I know your team suck don't get mad
how cool passed this on to FB
Poor thing.. Some things just wouldn't surprise me. It does say "comedian" in her bio. ;)
super sore...
we love dogs but would prefer humans only tonight.
You're welcome! I hope you have a great night, too.
New treatment combo safer for aggressive breast cancer
Missing my family tonight. Sometimes Skype and txting isn't enough.
I'm available if you haven't found anyone yet.
And btw, you did a great job on drshow, even tho i don't agree w/ all your points. :)
How many people are pissed off right now
#Adamhirsh CEO Mashable loves Evernote and so do I. If you don't yet check it out
it's been a while since I've tweeted...nothing much has changed except sissy works a lot more & I'm just lazier haha
We're ready to rock!
Dear -- PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE remember that none of the characters have graduated from NYU/Columbia - and your writing is sucking
hello everyone :D
Oh I read that wrong. I thought you meant I was the best! :) rushing home to watch the show live!
whaaaaaaa. sadness fills my soul!!!!
now following wit her gorgeous ass
Everyone is an explorer. How could you possibly live your life looking at a door and not open it?
I didn't even know you could DO that! That is life changing information. I am going to try to figure that out right away!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 10.
Just got back from Walgreens....just a note, you really *shouldn't* go commando when wearing white leggings...
OH MY GOD. I had to do a triple take! I found your future self!
oh god I'm so sorry
Congrats!! I absolutely *love* her name -- so beautiful.
As a Portland fan I now have to either choose the Lakers or the team that eliminated the Blazers? I choose neither.
Effective June 15, we're centralizing our product/service offerings under the EnergyWise brand..my handle and web address will reflect that
Theres a difference between "ok" and "okay"
AFC Championship rematch Week 3 against Patriots should be interesting. Home game too.
Stella. Jazz and a burger at the bar. It's been a long week. In NYC getting ready for ToyFair.
the feelings mutual :)
The #literary world is made up of little confederacies, each looking upon its own members as the lights of the universe.
nice try moussa, nice try..
the library is an art museum. student artwork on display for qar team.
I'm not sure if we have time for the Biebs. But maybe his people could call our people
yes but there are getting it done
Sleeping late tomorrow. Nice!!!
Falling asleep at work...BAD...falling asleep and SNORING
Dancing pregnant woman? ...I bet the baby is like wtf??
door of her family's home and goes into her room. It woke her up and asked, 'Would you like to play a game?' The little girl agrees and
The people you will meet at flanigans... Final tomorrow at 1030. Lets do it
ineed those in my life FAST
Thanks to all my new followers :) and my followers
For those dealing with grief- If you have ever untangled a ball of string, you know that yanking and pulling only makes it worse. You...
MUSIC MAKES THESE THUGS....CALM DOWN :)<3
why u wish it was different
Drop by for Pub Quiz tonight @ 7:30! Trivia Fact: Over 10 million glasses of Guinness are sold every day. Are you doing your part?
did cvs self checkout. my change was $16 even and the machines spit out a one a five and a dime. no bueno
damn right... I think ur the 2nd lady that I know who's a #FALCONS fan and #Georgia fan at the same time. U rock Trisha!!!
“Burned” and “burnt” both were born in the 1500s and both remain acceptable. In the U.S., -ed prevails, but -t is used for colors.
I might just barely be able to pack up all my clothes and the books and comics, but then those night splints...
You live the life, Ray.
Dreamed that someone had rearranged all of my CDs. This was not a good dream.
I really feel like today will change my life for the better !
Hiring promoters for for all venues dm or tweet for details :)
I'll be in your house like in 30 mins alright? :D
Nope! Made it out alive! Lol
Really? I thought it was kitzhopper? :)
you know my name, not my story,you've heard what i've done, not what i've been through
haha the one team we all can agree, that needs to go away..
Europe, any ideas? Also can you send me the apartment you had in Paris?
Awesome guys! Thank you so much! We are so pumped! :D
Ahh, I just threw up in my mouth.
"You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up"
i learned how to say hi my name is daniel in portuguese today.
Hope to see some of you at #ICA's 2010-2011 opening concert at St. Gregory's on September 12 at 4PM.
im just going to go and sleep for the rest of my life.
Funny Comic!!! RT If you're in NYC, deliciously hilarious indeed (& just plain d-lish, really) Comic Strip Live
hell yeah! When are they coming to Milwaukee?
you liked it.
It sickens me that this vid was not made to help those poor children. The main goal is to support war because they have oil. Wake up people.
Special shout out to all of my #BoysOfWinter at #Verona HS...State Bound!! Congrats on getting to this point...now finish the job.
strange, huh?
meet me there
Shelter vol grp says dog safe-has deposit RT : NC-Emily out of time STUNNING terrier/collie girl is scared. Euth MONDAY 2/15!
#yobitv not a bad look dude
looks so good I'm jealous lol
This also means you only have two more days of listening to us pitch about the WONDERFUL FANTASTIC FUN COOL TERRIFIC Book Show. :)
What time is it where everyone is? O_O
I like that!!!! I have to say I am favoring them.
It would make my life If i could get a A follow back! I fall asleep to your music most of the time, your voice is beautiful!
yes I would
Tell Me Who The BEST!!!
and all that happens everyday Sometimes people break apart Sometimes you make more friends
#Imagine u're in Austin first music video and he fall in love with you just then way Justin fell in love with jasmine ! : ) ♥
is anyone having issues with playing recordings of #gototraining this week. suddenly i can't play 'em on windows media.
Can you ask for an intervention or do they *have* to be a surprise?
So awesome! Love it.
sup wit it?
ice cold #linsanity never gives up
I love her like no one else
In some states, such as Oregon, Calif, stringent restrictions or prohibitions on non-compete agreements
I weighed in at 246.3 today. Are you kidding me?
keep your head up and always be happy!(:
*raises hand*
WBAL... Always late to the breaking news phone notification party.
You know there's something wrong when your little cousin has a girlfriend named Steven. Lmfao love you Gabe xD
#MadMen Memories: Parents having awkward "hip" cocktail parties in new Don Draper living rooms.
"This talk of a $100 Billion IPO for Facebook is mind boggling.” >> Agreed....I'm speechless.
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel great, extraordinary, and at peace with myself.
Hey everybody! We are in Montgomery eating Chinese at YaYaNoodle Yippee!!!
80 More Likes On My Video & You Guys Get To Hear Me Sing The Whole Song Go On My Profile & Like It (:
So much work to get done by tomorrow, hope I make it happen.
So sweet. 10 year friendship!
Taking it easy tonight!
Damm I'm Impressed w/ myself! It took me like 15 min to get 30 followers
ima need u for that bro...u down to be in the vid too?
I know this came out a month ago, but did anyone else finish reading the NYTimes' "Stupid Games" article and proceed to download more games?
“: and patty thank you!! You know what you did tonight! A full 13hr friend shift!!” that's what friends are for!
Had to try an play that off
Glad to have back on twitter :) made my night.
baby ima fuck you so hard your gonna love it ♥
its okay. if I don't go today, and you're feeling better would you want to go tomorrow maybe?
"And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming wild things.” RIP Sendak
Sarah Miller joins our gowing Cleveleand team as our newest Staff Engineer on October 28th! Welcome to to NTH, Sarah!
Fine..? forget it :)
Home sick from work. The plague has officially taken down another roommate.
awesome thanks!
On the way to the health department with Christen to get shots. yaayy!! *sarcasm* lol
love olly murs to bits and OMG Ed Sheeran is the love of my life. Whenever he sings, an angel gets its wings loll
Aw snap cute! Ur Clothes? Or a present? Lol RT : Thursday before mothers day a package for mommy should come
IT A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT TODAY BUT IT A LITTLE COLD .........;)
a smart person wouldnt put it on facebook.....smh
when you coming back up to Boston??
someone reads failblog
thanks! hope to reconnect with #DCDataDive and #ScraperWiki folks at this weekend's 2012
pifft w/e me and you are geting marry babe ;')
i did
The cover of Whatever with the song Honestly is on the phone of the new T-Mobile commercial COOL!!
Peeped this documentary about Derrida, philosophy is tripped out. Lots of questions after questions after questions...
I believe they bought Splinter. I own that one. They claim Dog Soldiers is as well. Anonymous Rex it is.
excellent! Please be a terrible surfer...
Hi Federica! Glad you are enjoying the lessons :) I love Italy!
thanks, Whitney!!!
Hey! You only bought me a pie cuz it was two for 1! Nice try lol
lol what?I do?
YOU ROCK!! Tx for Coming by. Any dessert?
Yes. Send me email;
God is not limited or obligated to fulfill His promise on my timetable...Truth.
Welcome to the grand re-opening of the Oakbridge Academy of Arts twitter! I'm your host : Admissions Coordinator Todd Tondera.
#sorry4thewait but Heart of the King is now on sale in #atlanta Sept 18th at Atlanta Symphony Hall it's a "Sure Thing" bit.ly/ElvisShow
magic windows had it right!
Happy Birthday :)) <33
ill hate on him for u
Kk I have to go to dinner with my cousins but I'll text ya later! Maybe we can hang with nick and one of his friends??
Earn a 6 figure residual income in 2-3 years. NO get rich quick schemes. Only a proven system that pays you if you follow it DM me 4 details
whew! I'm really tired as hell right now.. it is like almost midnight over here! xD ok you gaiz good nightt <33
Laguna Hills' Anne Pankowski, 16, - a former #AnaheimLadyDuck - could make the U.S. Women's National Team for the
Yes! Like everyone else in her orbit, I seem to be in love with Lorelei myself.
making meatloaf here tonight as well!
why would you measure time like that and fractions aren't supposed to have decimals
Arts and crafts for my sisters wedding, biggest loser, and some
They're pretty fresh man. I swear by mine. I see you got my Brooker reference Nicole/Brit “: - #mermaids”
Check out the different colors that Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in at www.Clear2O.com
I fell asleep drinking rum, watching Candyman, woke up and everything was directed by Mick Garris.
Good to know; I'll have to check it out from school on Monday. Have a great weekend!
yeah, austin rules! I know a couple of people in the library, but not super well...where else are you looking?
Final #ASECS12 panel: Disciplinary Approaches to 18c Material Culture
sweet. Will be fun. I'll stay on top of ticket situation. We shld coordinate w/Brian too. He has a bunch of season tix for work
?? You OK over there? Don't make me airlift some Swedish fish.
Nothing like a beer & a dog from El Presidente!
Great outing w/ students from Tx School for the Blind and Visually Impaired this past Monday! Training barge = new lake experiences
Beach House always puts me in a chill ass mood.
cake batter
“: I die a little inside every time I see an old person sitting alone at a restaurant.”
I vote for
can I have some? Sounds delicious
Haha no one has finished their socio paper yet xD so funny
This afternoon, I am going to attemp to put together a tv stand, you know those kind in a gazzillion pieces with only one screw in the box
GOP spin machine spinning wheels instead, unable to think of "divide and conquer" answer and just wishing it would go away.
Whose the dj? @ Estilo Me and dj deton8...
I&#39;m n Cali jus saw sme body n t town tweet that that night
I'm almost done(: 3 more questions!
if you don't like them I'll bit them from you, which this isn't going to happen.
Officialy a fan!! Just heard the mixtape.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!!
I don't really wanna talk about it cause every time I talk about it I go off about it.
Thanks Rob!! Was great seeing you!!
Taco bell it is
- Wasn't Maurice Clarett busted with a bottle of ? You'd think he would have been sauced on
Always collect on your invoices. If you let a single client get away with not paying you have started a bad trend.
Glad I have all (A)s on myy report Card.!!
Singing quartet #valentine was a hit with my husband but glad I was home, he thought they were a religious group until they started singing
RT - Grand Opening Weekend at Red Hot Yoga! Free classes all weekend, free workshops & a special $39/month deal on WWW.dailydealsquad.com
Crosby need to change his diaper? #whaaaaa": : Bylsma on Schenn hit on Sid: "clearly a cheap shot" #Penguins #Flyers"
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being broke :( lol. i need a job -.-
Im a man of the law, but i still can't shake the devil
At basketball practice with my boys,gettin ready 4 da playoffs.
"stop being nice its MEAN!" -
RT RT It's so important to dream, if you don't, you will never find what is beyond your dreams.
BidClerk Assumes Key Sponsorship Role At AIA 2012 Convention
"Walked in the lunchroom, what did i see? 3 lunch ladies looking back at me" - overheard on PBS just now
Ok bye. Nice talking to you too!
Proven nutrition fortified with vitamins & minerals and formulated to keep you feeling full and satisfied.
Letting my hair grow out, miss my curls
Third consecutive morning of 8 am CLEs yields unruly crowd who almost demand head of poor speaker not speaking directly into mike.
U Steady Destroying What We Trying 2 Build
The 'people' who walk about as fast as my grandma <<<<
The Harvest is Great!
Rip whitney houston gone but Neva forgotten
#Austin anyone has any lunch suggestion for tomorrow downtown?
I wish I could sing!
“: The Devils finally made the Rock shake last night. Can they get back there to do it again?" what say you ?
Hate is just a word for someone you love, but no longer believe in.
#rapportive acquired by LinkedIn yesterday...finally someones seeing the value
Even though I try to deny it, by the end of the day your still on my mind..
I ONLY ROCK WIDD WIT PPL DAT ROCK WIT ME :) NBS
Have you tried linking Secondgear's Elements app to the Dropbox directory you're using for nvALT? It works nicely for me.
“Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings
seasons changed & mad things rearranged but it all stays the same like the death of all these celebrities with non prescription drugs.
that sounds like a lovely morning.
Where's Hawaii I need your card!
Yup not feeling this dress to impress day tomorrow for senior week so I'll be wearing sweats & sperry's...
you don't look fat.
yes I did the same.
When did frozen yogurt start tasting so good?!?!? Cake Mix with crushed oreos, my fav.
RT : A1: these avenues help us foster an ongoing dialogue w/ followers; instead of static posts.
miss you too xP
Get it while it lasts! $10 off this weekend only to download for just $19.99 balb.us/S4G_app
Clippers CANNOT handle Andrew Bynum.
THANKS A LOT for support!
Awesome! RT“: at the Cincinnati Public Library looking at microfilm of my great grandfather's column in the Cincinnati Enquirer
my email inbox is like a slot machine today!
I just finished a 2.30 mi run with a pace of 9'15"/mi and a time of 21:21 with Nike+ GPS.
Sounds great!
kentucky! whats good thnx for being the home of kfc :-) im a fatty i love food. i dont think tfk would sound right texas fried chicken
At the scrap yard recycling some aluminum. Always try to recycle before throwing anything away!
Any librarians out there have policies on patrons bouncing from computer to computer in rapid succession?
Headed to shoot sold out basketball, SDSU ranked #9 vs. CSU tonite.
Wash our mate's feet in a warm bowl of water.
Can STAT's contract be voided due to off the court stuff?
must repeat this to myself!
Homework,homework,homework and more homework!!!!!!!! Stupid homework !!!!!!!!!!-_-
“: Its actually slick cute. RT : My mom named me after a razor...wtf was she thinking o_O”// ☺ thanks
i ate them all before i took the photo. pistachio is delicious.
From Oz: Fresh Hot Apple Pies at Masthead and Jefferson untill 1 PM
Justin Bieber replaced Ray J on The Money Team?
Great add Julie! I am off to do my power walk this morning! Have a fantastic day!
Thanks for playing! Sorry you didn't make it. We'd still like to send you something if you're interested!
Ancient Greece final...you are my everest!
but for real its five guys watching two guys play computer chess with quiet youtubes in the background
yes it is
*shakes off sadness * Hell yea happy time lol
We're officially 90% SOLD OUT as of 30 mins ago for GROOVE CRUISE 2013. Msg me now for your last chance to book & get $50 off per person!
OMG, it totally smells like Hawaii Toast on the #6 train - my favorite food after swim training when I was a child. So yum!
Yes we will We're expecting a great turnout. cc.
killed it!
Looking forward to seeing the bulls get eliminated today
We archive things so people can find them -
we gotta eat some corndogs in our costco socks asap grrrlll. im tryna make it to the eug for cinco de mayonnaise.
Its midnight. I officially can't digest anything until after the surgery tomorrow. Did I mention I'm having nose surgery tomorrow....again??
Well Abe is a little to tall for the camera but he here.
Not to feel too bad; we in IL gave the fed prison system former governors George Ryan & shortly Rod Blagojevich.
Great footage!
what a great model for capturing authentic and transparent video - two key ingredients to WOM and building advocates...
I'm lately to the party! Hi suga!
What are the four things that occur at a first appearance?
i think i need to change my picture now.. the brofro is gettin played out. lmao
It is so sad that Whittney Houston has died
hahaha. Great man.
"It's you... you're the rocket man."
I'm so bored someone talk to me!!:/
RT : Glenn Beck attacked Debra Medina for questioning 9/11, yet he did the same thing himself. 1:05 into this video:...
#raw10 Only a poor Frog praise his own Pond _ my Grandmother - Nana
Live Music at the HAWTHONRE BURGERVILLE 6-9pm today featuring three bands: The Zoo Girls, Yourrival and Profcal. Come joins and rock it!
hehe that was so scary!! Thanks liza :)
the book or the post?
Simply starting your project forces decisions & narrows focus, which frees you to do your best and most creative work. Just start. 3 of 3
just watched the replay - what did you think of the event and how did you make out on the betting?
Rewatching Galaxy match from yesterday: artificial turf should never be approved for soccer, Beckham's goal better than most today
@ WAAL conf - great people, programs, socializing, tough work!
“: That was both of us, brother : <-witness of AARP couple making out” see what I did there? If you QT or RT...
Thanks for sending over the Goal Setting Guide. It has been very useful, Currently working on Single Handling.
Texting. Pictures. Chillin. Dinner. She's unsure. movie. Caressin' , she's into it. I'm unsure. Clinger. Annoyed . She needs it . Ignoring..
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be con
goooodbyeee :) text it .
I mean, stuff happens...right?
#kyrieroy melbourne Australia
DETROIT'S ANGEL I EVEN GOT RED WINGS
On board heading home
I'm so high i was laying here for the longest with my eyes closed
Jenni Graham to the rescue! Thank you for the donation
Ok #BatMagic time
Sometimes my heart just hurts....
I have a code for a free full version of EA's Tetris for iPhone that is up for grabs VIA the app store. U.S. only.
Thank thank you for pledging a substantial amount to our kick starter account! Wow! Now Das what I'm talking about baby!!!!!
talk talk talk talk
If I'm MIlls, I just pitch around Pedro here to get to the pitcher spot.
Its offical I just wrap up today shooting my film I DO with Jamie Lynn Seigler from the Sopranos she's a doll to work with now on to FBD.
“: The herps. RT : Hey dolls! What does it mean when your lip randomly swells up like crazy??!!!” HAHAHAHA
should it be shes a 10 or Ten, and is it beats or productions?
I guess the hidden blessing in losing my phone is being forced to finally change all my passwords
youre right but its not like i didnt not punch. It broke somehow!
Joe Griffin offers complete Net Marketing including SEO, Guaranteed First Page Placement, Link Building, and Social Media set up.
j/k... get better!
M, what's that smell? Oh, that's a turkey roasting in the oven. I just couldn't wait for turkey sandwiches.
We are always ready to pizza party. RT : Who's ready to pizza party?
Homework, homework, homework. This research paper is getting old, and we haven't even started the second week of class yet. Lovely.
For anyone who hasn't bought So Listen by on iTunes should go buy it now!!!!!! It's amazing!!! I promise!!! :)
Movies with my sexxy boyfriend <3
r u joining the bags league at the social club
Mothergod advocate: 'It's not a coincidence you hear from us all the time!' Me: 'well I lived in Herald Square' Him: 'oh.'
Nice! Why's it so cheap in the first place? I thought it was supposed to be $50 per pan for high quality cast iron?
#ThatDepressingMoment when you go to hang out with 4 people and none of them talk to you the whole time.
They are highly under appreciated. They're one of our major food groups!
Has anyone managed to sit through all of Tree of life?
month ago
I wanted that shirt! Unfair! Your dad better have used those Constitution Cntr tix...although I do love my pizza stone
Do you ever wish you had your own personal box of donuts?
Thanks! Same to you. Had a great time...if I had known hockey practice was that much fun I would have strapped on skates long ago.
That is also a good point.
god forbid they run a Wade-LBJ pick-and-roll.
Now receiving a box of macarons to take home. Yum!
yeah buddy!!! Hahaha
Home from the gym and training... Ahh what a day !!! Now it's time to relax and eat !! Hope everyone had a great training day!!
You're crazy man.
I'm going to be so SINGLE this summer
I defy you to find any info on #CLE airport free wi-fi on Hopkins site. If there it's buried.
Thank you to Dr. John S. Peery, Optomitrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run! We hope to see you all there!
so in school today at the bullying assembly this lady said u could go to jail if we cyber bully ...... i went str8 face on her like lma
So many great events going on in Philadelphia tonight and Free Comic Book Day is tomorrow.
I'd love a picture of Aaron Rodgers chasing a femullet around the airport with a camera phone. Who's with me?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 90
Have you heard about the generous artists supporting #MartellArtworks 2012? Thank you & , to name a few!
Ready to graduate already :/
Hey I like how the Lakers suck that makes me happy.
uh hi i'm in a band and i smoke, give me your vagina a hur hur hur
haha see? Whats not to like?
She's great!!! :) RT : Still a few days left to take advantage of $15 off Massage! Valid thru Nov 15
so, i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded. In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
Poor old max makes interesting noises. LOL
#GrinDKinGz own #LoveNotes dropping this month
The next Fast and Furious movie should be called Spoiler Alert.
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIEE❤
Holy hunger games i'm not pk
i have both nooks.ipad and sne i love my nook but i buy amzs books its seems like amz fell behind with kindle n technology
Thanks for the #FF love Paula! Haven't been on Twitter all week. Hope all is well!
I wear converse, nikes, that's pretty much it haha
jealousy the ugliest trait.
Apps are great! :-) RT : Excellent! on my way over to my #Wordpress app lol
The #NYR are a deep, young team but the #Caps weren't a typical 7th seed
Far from being an exact science.
Welcome, Bobbi! RT : Looking forward to the next year serving as President of the Student Body
The Pop Traveler: 10 reasons to visit Savannah! - USA TODAY
Friends of Portland dumpster diver accuse him of throwing away too much stuff.
In LA for the weekend. Living through 2 DC summers makes it seem cold here.
RT : WOO awesome day. Heading to for my monthly massage AND its beautiful weather out. Relaxation is priceless!! :)
Taco Tuesday is 5-7pm at the Elks lodge - have something good to eat at a good price. The PPCUG meeting starts at 7:15pm.
don't worry Ariana Grande has a really hectic schedule but she will eventually!
take some meds or go to bed and that may work for the head ache
death without vocal cords? i think you might be overestimating the functionality of our vocal cords.
“ If you don't like me, I'm okay with that, just don't pretend that you do.”
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who ca
just spent the last two hours working on one line. i think i need a break.
A win would be significant. Remember, we didn't win here last year. Manny Harris just had a good game.
we have a good feeling the colts will get their first win this weekend
Albino please!
Total role reversal on some people. Very interesting. Very.
apparently its not better to tell the truth...idk I think I'll be ok.
Time for the festivities to begin
Skimmed it. Does it say something about the black bloc working for the cops? I agree BB is terrible and harmful.
A #colloquialism, E. No big deal. Just going over some of the #lyrics I spun. But, I do remember
#NotYourStandardBingo is warming up at !!!!!!
So...can we start ice skating lessons again? Next Saturday would be great!
I am great, thanks =) Finally happy with where I am and what I'm doing.
I emailed him and told him we need to hang out.
Just waiting on my chipolte to be here now..
You know it brother. Time card 2.0
First person to "like" this status wins a FREE book (up to $9.99 value) from our online inventory.
I just hit a fucking bird with my car! I'm a murderer!!!
Dewpoint & temperature within 2 degrees meaning drying conditions poor for chip repairs. Not scheduling any more repairs at this time.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you think too highly of yourself.
Welcome to the world Blue! We love you already! :)
we don't say, "look at that Black banker", or "he's a good white soccer player". those ain't nothing but boxes and labels.
Nice pic. SAG/AFTRA is launching a campain to help military veterans called . I'm a local actor/vet. Thanks!
wtf kind of people do u follow
How can we best keep you informed without "SPAMMING" you??
What's going on with Leg Day? Anyone headed in to give us the scoop?
Have a safe and blessed day!
When i talk to you my heart starts pounding of excitment
I literally just say down to study and I've already been distracted by twitter 3 times
Ladies: how do you feel about being referred to as a "female"?
T.E.A.M. together every1 achieves more RT : Helping somebody achieve their goal is 1 of the coolest feelings u can have. Try it!
Updating one of my #WordPress databases and it had not recovered all of my custom fields. Trying a full backup from my host now.
Getting the farmhouse ready for Christmas on the Farm this Sat & Sun. Come join us for an 1890s holiday! 10:30 - 3:30 each day.
Sponsorship "game" has changed...If you want to know how...let me know!
Thanks for the kind tweets!
im ready for the weekend.
Flipping crud omg I forgot to get that paper signed
dm me your email for the beats
SEO Consult® Announce Online Marketing Partnership With Virgin Balloon Flights
'Alternating Gender Incongruity' Causes Rapid Shifts Of Gender, Scientist Claims - Huffington Post
I dont have a ride
This is Nokia’s Answer to the App Store?
When you're a Jet you're a Jet all the way...
Playing @ County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow night. 6-9pm. Walker Martin on fiddle y'all - join us!!
I think it will take some serious data analysis :) and to be fair, it's 's hypothesis
Anyone remember hearing about an objection to the term "contingent faculty" recently? I thought I did, but I'm drawing a blank now.
RT : Q3) What new technology are you most excited about implementing in the next 3, 6, 12 months?
open source curation solution was obvious: Wordpress and the "Press This" bookmarklet.Hadn't seen forest through the trees.
You drank it all! Now we have Stygian Darkness on tap. Darker and Belgian but still delicious and still 9%!
Fabulous Quote!!! You two set a great standard for your on screen talents and off screen doings!!!!
Oh, right. I thought perhaps you were a wizard.
Hulu+ and Amazon VOD are my two reasons for loving and sticking with my trusty
Someone take me home #please I'll pay you.
Kanye this Saturday at VEVO Power Station in Austin. We got tix and skip the line passes! Follow and RT to win!
yeah I'm curious if is open to the public also
5 straight 3's?! Are you kidding me?
Donald and Petra KILLED IT! Awesome!
thanks for the shout out yesterday! very interesting article!
#INTERNSHIP #SanDiego internship to start 2/6. Resumes ASAP to:
our classic joke!!(: gotta love basketball times!!!
The moon looks awesome tonight. Newt Gingrich was gonna let me live there. You guys ruined it.
I respect their intent, but Yelp's review filter is as heavy handed as a cartoon dictator
Congrats on the PR!! RT : I think I finally made peace with the 10K distance today. 36:46 and a new PR! Onward and upward.
check your dmsssss
I freckle so much in the sun
it's good motivation to eat it!
damn that's awesome! What's football like in the year 20,012???? Flying players? Aliens? Teams on Mars? Tell us please!!!
why would that matter not like we missing something with Smith
Can someone explain to me why I would ever need to wait 10 days for my unsubscribe request to be executed? Shouldn't this be instantaneous?
um doing laundry? Sleeping. My hair needed to be washed. Yes.
in Miami waiting for my flight to London! apparently it's 51 degrees and rainy ✌
MEN Sale Tag Footwear 20% off... JORDANS AND NIKE TOO
Wish the weather was just like this everyday
Okay, Mayweather has my support again. Triple H is in his corner.
I promised upcoming craft/antique show stationery in shabby chic, victorian and steam punk, I should get off computer and start making stuff
I am hesitant about "forward" because I like Global History as a tool for reassessment. Using it to shift the lens.
Mmmm96344557 like a sweet, "tiene un arreon" i love him, but, you won't marry me, sorry!! ;)
I didn't play colts last year lol?
Thats it im adding privet jet to my Christmas list!
I know. Mine is usually half good and half random things that I'm not sure I ever mentioned.
There will be an sighting at the B/R SF writer meetup next Thursday at B/R HQ. Kick back beer(s) with yours truly, too.
Hi Mark, nice to see you in the land of twits.
Channel Vision's Home WIRELESS audio system is awesome we have it working in our show room simply amazing NO WRIES
you always lose your headphones! Haha
#Cox server problems in Tulsa? Can't open email from laptop, iphone or #cox webmail.
Most important thank you to and Kristin Fasbender of the #NCAA for giving me the opportunity to volunteer this week.
Worried for my Canadian colleagues. Just know *you're* not surplus, and don't let the bastards get you down.
The 12th works for me. We're having an event at the Barrick on the 11th. (11-11-11 is the day MOST like corduroy, so...)
It is snowing right now. #totallynotreadyforwinter. #notwhiningjustsayin'. Good night
If I'm ever rich I'm buying a zamboni, case closed. Could cruise the streets or clean up glazed-over icy ponds and lakes
I was going to have a baked potato for lunch. The i realized it had scales. O.0
I don't have time for games
I am determined to win so that I can see it! I cannot wait. I hope you like it :D Where will you see it?
It just happens, lol! There are so many hackers out there! Glad everything is ok!
Climbing saturday and sunday in kentucky!
So I finally installed instagram yall already know what it is: Studville
no really.. go its your break bahahahaha
If I die tomorrow someone please feed the sex slaves I have chained up in the basement.
lol what i say
Your salad has steak! Lucky Webuquerque.
JUST HIT 300 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
Traffic was brutal on Roosevelt Rd a couple hours ago...unless you were on a bike.
Welcome to the Jungle? Original Craig Kimbrel
Thanks for registering and we look forward to seeing you!
the feeling is mutual <3
rules. That is all.
#IfAustinMahoneDidntExist I would die, I would be a lonely nubb because my husband wouldnt exist(; is my everything<3 ilovehim
Tonight: a celebration of the life & music of Terry Dolan (Terry & the Pirates) w/ Greg Douglass, Mario Cipollina, Nick Gravenites & more!
An opportunity for those of us 12 years old and OLDER to run the bases is a much needed promotion at Safeco.
how are you ? I love you ♥♥ you are my idol, my inspiration:)
Looking for a way to help your kid go to bed? Try the iLive Clock Radio, it changes colors as it lulls him to sleep.
Are there videos for periods 5 and 6?
Thanks for the BBQ!! RT : Thanks for the Lucille's Apple Butter! It taste great on my Hawaiian Bread!
AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning.
Kay I just got really excited when I got a new follower just now & then it wasn't Harry so my excitement died
What is Body Mass Index? - The BMI formula is a simple combination of your height and weight, which is designed to provide valuable...
Please check my artist page for instrumentals .www.pmpworldwide.com/Detroits-Filthiest
RT : Improve is my word of the day. Make your mind up to do something to improve your life. Then do it.
Yeah, African-American unemployment is at 22.7 percent, but guess what ... 97.1 percent of them will vote for us no matter what we do!! HAHA
You as well, hope your week is off to a great start!
What. A. Day. Luckily I get to see tonight!
TV remote has been lost for two days now. Ive been forced to watch 20 episodes of Law and Order on TNT. Worst two days of my life.
LOL... you've got my mind reeling! Way too early for breakfast! Still drinking my latte!
your going?! Yaaaay!!
Lol somebody at school just randomly asked me if I was a gangster I said no I'm a rebel GET IT RIGHT:p
sup dude
Bench Rex now!!
Valentines Day! Now, how to get the guys to Etsy to buy some special handmade things for their gals...
I actually just learned that a week or so ago, thanks to Reddit.
if you're in LA, i'll help you love
soo i wear a dress today & everyones like 'why are you wearing a dress' & im like 'it doesnt have to be a speical ocasion to wear a dress'..
A recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine listed 55 diseases that can be traced back to eating #gluten. Do you need to go #GF?
Good find, just listening to Kimbra doesn't do her justice - the video is pretty amazing.
thanks for the tweet, you have inspired me
The Raven has been one of the best movies I've seen in a while! #Iverymuchenjoyedtonightsfestivities #avatartlatime c:
So that I can fail to structure it as a reply and confuse people who follow me and not you...
Dr. N. M. Kondap spoke on CIIHE’s #vision going forward in contributing to
tip: if you dye your hair, use the last little bit in the bottle to custom dye "blonde" hair ties to match. totally works.
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas When I woke up and laid there for 30 minutes.
I've ruined the internet for you. I'm sorry.
Had a really hard time choosing session for this slot. Went with the one on we conferencing.
I tend to play female characters if given the choice, and I'm a RAGING heterosexual
#happymothersday to all the mothers and grandmas today... :)
RT : enjoyed the oceanliner event & your museum very much especially the ships in the bottle exhibit & Titanic
Last year I lived in Bushwick with artists (mostly dancers) whose first languages were Chinese, Italian, Bulgarian, and Spanish.
Good Monday morning all. Hope ya'll have a great week.
No I just left.
Bourbon vs. Scotch. Where do you fall?
REAL TALK MADONNA COULD #GET IT
Pay attention folks, Biggie just got put on the DL... Hitting was down at Corpus in any event...
You've got to find what you love..don't settle..as with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it.
Half of my body is sore! :(
A coffee shop (especially on a Sunday afternoon) is a locus of minute experience.
Spent yesterday in the sun with the wife, walking around Canton Trade Days, pulling a wagon-load of kids behind me like an ox. Good times!
i'm watching The Happening. if that type of epidemic ever occured, i'd be in a submarine
stay off the boards! They give/gave me the creeps.
Confession: I'm hooked on
Chicago--where else? ;)
YOU THE BEST!!
Haha okay, I'll have to check up on things and get things organized first, but I'll keep that in mind!
Say what? Turned off the obnoxious auto updater for blog edits. Should only post now when I add new videos.
Out with the old. In with the New!!!!
“: Are you showing the UFC also” Yes
I don't know .. I haven't heard anything good about no spot ...
It's my birthday today :)
Not at the table carlos
A guy who knows how to cook <33333
I feel like god came & took pounds of stress off of me. Thanks
Just tried using my Care Card as my train pass...
Good luck Justin Wilson and dale coyne at mid Ohio!!! cut another road course knotch on your belt!!!
A "cupcake blog?" You need to make her a reader! She's learn all kinds of great recipes
Ask not for whom the bell tolls. How the hell should I know?
did they all say trespasses?
FOH HAHA YA PUMA CAT LOOKING ASS GO SOMEWHERE EVERYONE SEEN MY FACE CUZ I AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT BUT EVERYBODY AFRIAD TO SEE YA
that was a joke. I love your books
has made history and will still be recognized for the amazing work he's done. This is just opportunity to do more great stuff.
it's official. . .I am the new Director of Career Services for the Las Vegas Campus of ITT Technical Institute!!!!!!!
working on presentation for SLCC about streaming live eclipse into SL, love idea of 5X5, short and easy!
claimed her as yours and named her miss voodoo!!
Zoning with 2 stats is the best option. I can send someone out to take a look if u would like.
Gotta get me a suga mama lol I can pay mi own bills I,just, want somebody to spoil me rt.
your phone needs to check itself, 'cause that sounds taaaasteeeee
Its friday...... It dont feel like one though! LOL
Notice that those in the Bible are recognize 4 what they did not what they had!
although if you can't watch them all, iron man and thor would be best. bad guy in avengers is from thor.
Came back home right on time to watch the second half of Jack White's concert. He's the man.
maybe this what people was telling about.... u know be patient u may find someone worth ur time.... idk fingers crossed!
Thanks for the kind welcome to Twitter, friends/loved ones/viewers. I figured it was time to see what all the fuss was about...
Fear factor!
RT: I love going barefoot all the time but my feet are now dirtier than an MP's expense claim.
i'm there til the 26th! we can continue our bromance in london as i'm doing a week visit! pizza in france nandos in london!
**TORNADO WARNING FOR KINGMAN CO**
you love justin bieber ?
So stressed, just want this week to be over
him for $100 a point to 21. Stop running it and show us how bad he is.
I feel good when I hold your hand, but when you're gone it's not enough.
Good morning, World! May your day be filled with joy, happiness, love, memories, and something you leave behind in a positive way.
Hey there, (StevenJMogg), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I was gonna say bc I'll take it if u don't want it lmao
Sex is not the answer, Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer(;"
Blago has a gets free room and board for 14 years on our tab.....great!!!! I hope he manages in a white collar prison
I feel a storm a brewin'.
tait said he never even said hi to joe in 7 years of riding on the same plane
Word of the day: phenology, the study of timing in nature. As opposed to phrenology, the pseudoscience based on the shape of your skull.
Yes, the night is done... But the fun has only just begun
Lost my contacts on my phone wtf
tonight im at The Leg Room on division st. for HUMP NIGHT! come in and get a cocktail all the way till 4am!!
I love watching people publicly embarrass themselves <3
no my brothers do I'm gonna start the kickboxing classes up there though!
that was due last week wasn't it?
safe travels hope to catch up next week! I will be hanging around with
How many things are you refusing to do because you are afraid? I challenge to take action or to say yes to something you're afraid of.
cool to listen in on u guys at music lab. Sounds great
Embarrassed to say that for all the times I've commuted thru L'Enfant, I never realized those were Wegman's dogs in space. Thanks!
afternoon buddy
Wanh! I don't get the joke. I hate that.
Loved seeing your adorable face. Thanks for the
Not sure a tweet can do this justice, but, incredible, incredible, incredible. What a touching film.
RT We're placing a flag for each of our stdnt soldiers in Spaightz Plaza on UWM campus to commemorate
how does Romney plan to equalize that nationwide if elected?
Proverbs23:10-1"Do not...or encroach on the fields of the fatherless, for their Defender is strong; he will take up their case against you."
#dearyoungself skip the ghetto phase please.
#BlackFriday is a scam
"To slip & make mistakes is inherent human nature. If mistakes weren't there, spiritual progress wouldn't be possible." -Dr. Abdul Hayy (R)
wouldn't that be terrible? I never met a 3D printer I liked
Wiz Khalifas voice is annoying and his music sucks -__-
Mass Effect 3 perfect up until the endings. The options really don't reflect the choices I made throughout each game
Me too! I was thinking about that yesterday lol
That's great! If you ever need anything, you know where to find us...:) Thank you!
Foods class was so boring. I hate watching pointless videos.
Again we want to thanks for a friend... just for stopping by.., tell ur friends about us.. is easy to remember T7 TEA..
First decided what you truly want. Then decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it
whats funny is watching 2 grown ass men attacking a female over sports PATHETIC FUCKS!!!!!!!
No kidding! Drop me a line and maybe I can take you around.
And now a homer from ! #GoRockies!
I was just interested in passing on the news; no mocking here.
- count me in and bring the Havana Club. Oops, not legal to say on here? Banned product. Woot.
Any redneck or Republican, it wouldn't kill you to
why you deleting tweets kid? And what is a 'N' like me?
I'm going out on a limb and predicting that there will be disappointed people tomorrow no matter what Apple announces.
you cannot look at a picture these days and tell which part is photography, makeup, photoshop.
What to do today.? Any Ideas.?
If spring is like a perhaps hand, winter is the touch once there, what's abruptly removed.
Thanks for the RT! The wine dinner was an absolute success! 55 guests enjoyed 7 courses of fab food & wine.
I want to hear something email me some music .!!
All my clothes don't fit in my suitcase
It's ironic, really. Ill just end up skipping choir for the nurse and go to the imc and get myself s comp. and get done brah
Paid $14 at the grocery store. Should have gone to Costco but still worth it.
What a beautiful autumn day!!! Now it really feels like fall (O:
Thanks for the follow!!
my nerves jus a lil bad right now tho i aint smoked all day!!
I hope not... Lol
Apple hit with national class action over iTunes double-billing
Had a great time with the family last night!!
thanks guys!
We’ll be giving away 5 books today on Twitter! Winners of the competition will be announced within 48 hours.
great song @
What are your thoughts on an #acting #reel? How do you prefer yours to be? Getting my new one done and want to see what people think!
Welcome to #twitter !! :)
Trivia tonight with DJ tonight at 9:30pm. Play to win free drinks and cash!
It's all about Jack White.
so sweet
Statistically I would say Asia, then North America followed by South America.
I will be in the office ALL day. Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
Haha #SmileySlut RT : Really? And here I always thought it was :-o.
wat u think chupete gonna say?
I wish you could too!! If you see us, Josh, please come say hi!
My mothers LGA-TPA Flt was cancelled. Res Nbr G6MTCG. Delta.com no help. When can I get her home? Need rebooking...
will keep you posted. I got great feedback doing my first flipped lesson w/ my honors class 2 weeks ago.
Premature Evaluation: Japandroids Celebration Rock - Stereogum
(Robert J. Ringer) Happiness is found in doing, not merely in possessing.
May the fourth be with you.
Its hard to make plans when you don't have a plan to make one..
So Chi Fung Is Basically A Mind Workout, A Total Approach To Fitness For Life, For:Stamina,Flexibility,Agility,Strength,Weight Control ...
To Rapids. Two meetings.
You found me when no one else was looking how did you know right where I would be?
RT : Omg I officially miss #teaminsomniacs Monique!!!!!!<Miss u too love! What's been up?!
Can't wait to drop this new bomb by our newest artist Andrea Dub this Thursday on Beatport...
Gone but NEVER FORGOTTEN♥
Remember we now have a 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15) Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Active Child up next at Black Cat.
This season was over at 0-4 last year.
I had 3 followers but the demons w/ no life decided to take the time to unfollow me... EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME, IM DESPERATE!!!!!!!
Make Good Choices In Life because You Only Have One.
Kyoot! I have a friend whose husband is making something like this -- with a movable run. She's going to paint it Victorian-ly.
#Rush's 1st Tweet! RT : Here's how the opposition astroturfs advertisers. Smart piece from Pls. Retweet ht ...
Put it this way, when and are in the same room, you are not getting a rebound
About to cook breakfast for everyone
i didn't do it either. it's only like, three paragraphs but i just can't push myself to do anything anymore. haha OOPS
happy valentines day ...!!!
Blackboard acquired for $1.64 billion
LOL! I have every confidence in ur judgement. I could take down court rooms during games- thank God I am not on TV :)
Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey
HOT DAY...Come in for a cool Ice Coffee or try any of ours Specialty Drinks over ICE...
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
ya i kno rite skool is so BORING
So irritated.
so does that mean your busy now or free?
Us plus possibly Andy Danny drew and NTBB
#coffee is like
UGH... THEY WERE PROBABLY NOT PAYING ATTENTION.
This storm hitting Lexington right now<<<<<<< Glad I'm not driving the car haha
Beard Music
very, very slim chance at this point in time.
You should reply and go through the interview and see if you make it past the recruiter "interview." LOL...
“: Did you know, the word "BRIDE" actually used to mean "COOK"?”
did you get pix of the singers?
I❤the newest addition to the historic broadway street. It's just what the spring arcade needed.
it sure is. Just got to my hotel room. Gonna go exploring!
omg if i had a role in anything with i'd totally die (:
my text message isn't working
hii did you seen my tweet lol ? :)
Working in different communities of practice as a librarian.
Watching #OfficeSpace for obvious reasons. ;)
You guys are so cool.
Gladwell puts #CFB into perspective: If you drive (w/o seatbelt) 25 mph into a brick wall 1000x it's the equivalent of a CFB season.
He is awesome. I need to stock up on the latest guitar magazines. Vintage Guitar mag is one of my faves :)
My publisher accepted a short ebook proposal and turned it into a simultaneous hardcover/softcover release. Wow!
Ugghh I Need A Red Shirt For School Tomorrow :O
hopefully the day ends as well as it started!
Anyone interested in training out of an upscale horse facility w/ covered arena about 35 miles SE of Dallas contact me. Share profits only.
So that's how u beat Barcelona. All we need is to play 10 and have 6+ in the box to defend. Easy.
Your "Anonymous" #Q&A was genius. Attack your guests more often.
Been a while, def time for a night tonight
Will check it out! Thx! :D
why are you retweeting this garbage, Alolita? How could an API be copyrighted? It's functional, not creative.
Because the simplest answer is most often correct.
It's 11:11 and I wish that would follow me! <3
YO!!! DM ME YA EMAIL...I GOT A TRACK THAT I KNO Y'ALL WILL LOVE PRODUCED BY ME, AND I CAN HEAR RICK ALL OVA IT...
I wonder how I'll look in clogs...
#FF & thnx again for your input! Have an amazing & productive weekend!
o as of right now?
Other highlights included the event delivering the fourth-largest audience ever for an NHL game on VERSUS in the U.S
Romney flip-flops on charges against Obama?...what else is new? Romney doesn't know what end is up. #EpicFailGOP Romney the Shape-shifter
I fell off twitter since the app updated
hey Eliza would you be down for another interview with ? We talked to you at E3 2009 and would love to catch up!
just had superb service at the store in Springdale OH. The leadership there must be commended on the training of the staff!
Park & Columbia sounds exotic..
#MyGoalFor2012 to put on the map.
I'm really sick of spam :(
RT : Earth Networks newest part is launching environmental observation networks #greennet local GHG detectors
lol thanks star....
was so fine in the movie MUST SEE
Publishers, Agents, Editors. #Ihaveanidea! Franchise thousands of stories already written. Everyone is a star, everyone buys. STF 1912
Block editor- adjust app layout and behavior. Need current version of Java, find and install usb drivers for phone to be able to use
lol you have the summer to go lol
I had to go to the mall with some out of town guests about a month ago. It was panic attack-inducing.
yeah i know but oh well
Just finished editing a summary of our recent roundtable on third-party #tuition intermediaries (b/w #highered and employers).
R•T•W•E•E•T if u need new followers I can get u 50 must be followin me I will even SHOUTOUT u out cum on ppl
ya sure. I'm in Southfield till Thursday then I'm flying DTW -> SEA at 7:55. Then I'm on the red eye on Sunday SEA -> DTW.
Good morning Twitter Family, have a Blessed Sunday.
ProTip: If you are going to ask for feedback, be prepared to accept it.
Got up to use the restroom, ending up puking and pissing myself on the way.
check out new photos from Colorado @ www.pbase.com/issyr Have a great COLORADO day!! Its gorgeous out today!
Thanks! we think the weatable bouquet will be popular.
That sharks' teeth have evolved from their skin, rather than their skeletons.
Love lazy Sunday's by the pool!
I would love to see live! Come to Kentucky?
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
I've pulled more tail than a slow kid at a petting zoo, x)
We love you too! Happy weekend! RT Love these #app folks:
I want 2 go out on a nice/romantic dinner date **clears throat** 😉
How about Eggs Benedict for Mother's Day with Mimosa?
Thank you for making me feel beautiful for three minutes and twenty seven second Harry. X
Coffee brewing. The day's looking up.
Rationality attempted in an anti-smart-meter conspiracist thread on the neighborhood listserv. I know I'm going to regret this…
mention those hoes
STEPPED OUT FOR A SEC ON A SKOOL NIGHT LMAO.
I've got a Mil-town wave on my front lawn (patterned mow) ! My bf needs to get back 2 work...lol
": I want to go to ritz Friday but i don't have a party buddy : ("
We are at Casa watching sassafaz sound check..shows about to start, come out for a great night of tunes in Athens!
for not eating bao today?
is it tip off yet??? Go
I had no idea you were the social media maven for Division J of AERA. Would love to meet you in Vancouver if possible!
We look forward to having you back soon! Happy travels!
": "Wisdom, compassion and courage are the universally recognized moral qualities of men." ~ Confucius"
Baking on Wednesday / does that make any sense???
Sorry I missed your birthday! Hope it was epic! Thanks to I knew about it!
sorry if that bothered you.
Ooh. And they have wifi up here at the visitors center! Win.
Soo.. Here I am...wanting you to notice me... can you? No. Oh. Okay.
Question: Is it magnetism or gravity that bends or slows light? Does magnetism effect photons?
i have 2 test that i didnt study for and homework due tomorrow. ¯\(ツ)/¯
I was FREAKING out because you weren't there!!
why is it so hard NOT to think about you ? (:
The owls are so cute! I love the color, too. :D
Im lookin straight into the eye of success #it'sbeautiful
thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Bringing on some delicious nigori and sparkling sake from our friends at and SWS.
tweeting and living with a purpose
great show. Finally complete thoughts. I'm up w/Chris.
here at home watching t.v
If you think that some day it is going to happen, some day it possibly will occur.
I DVR Kathie Lee & Hoda on the Today Show primarily to see how drunk they get. #confession :)
20 years ago today I lost my sight in my right eye from a farm accident. A testament to you can do anything you want if you try hard enough!
LIve tweeting every cringeworthy moment from
Hey Patrice! Thanks for the RT. Hope you're doing well.
Your blank tweet is awefully wordy.
yeah, there's a huge plot twist at the end! Haha :-)
Pulling the petals off daisies: Indie. Legacy. Indie. Legacy. Indie. Legacy. Where will it end? Someone please send more daisies.
me to them was the days!
Thinking about next steps now.
have you guys read Y: The Last Man? Jesus, I can't believe that it affected me the way it did.
#bieberconda... Oh yes.
lol , dummy ! shit chilling with my mom ' & aunts you ?
