Money make ha wet, Gon' & cut the check (Future VC)
my past has literally fucked me up so much.
Thanks Madison! :)
Ed Hardy and douchebaggery not dead in Vegas.
you inspired me. I love you ;)
and i ment to say *older*
bottom I like the web better
yes, yes, yes we do
#NW "Dave Chappelle's Block Party. Staring Dave Chappelle, #CentralStateUniversity, #IMM, BEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE!!!
looovvved the popcorn! Also got the tempura which was perfectly cooked. Broccoli rabe tempura..who knew?
I love texting him(:
Got Microsoft Vista. It wants me to rate my own files? Files I wrote? Um...yeah....five stars for Annelisa!
now now, no need to get snarky. what else am i to do in between reps!?
same here but it dead down here
I mean licensines that wouldn't matter
2 weeks until Valentines Day! Show that special someone you REALLY love them with a Shorty's Gift Card!
this philo of lack vs life, anti theory vs do elseways is ridiculous--as if the T-thing that IS without the not that makes it T is Thing.
Had my 3 most influential profs and all sitting in front next to each other. Fantastic.
You sound like you are well prepared.
Just had my 1st appearance as Auditor before a legislative cmte. Said an 8.4% cut hurts, but I won't use it as an excuse not to do the job.
It's more like a time out...yesterday was not a good day for me, Sarai.
sounds like a plan!
Proud to be a volunteer! RT : Huge party, great weather, amazing game. Indy nails it.
": Know your gear, trust your ear" << that's IT in a nutshell.
must have been Plouffe.
Nevertheless, it has some negative impact on a woman’s self-image and self-confidence
I don't care what ur mom says, you are not special and/or unique. You are just like every other glitter wearing, gaga listening faggot here
"Do stuffed animals have feeling?" -
Love you Sis, praying a safe return; can't wait to see ya on Monday bright and early, getting back to what I love to do w/Glue:)
Terrence Graham @ #ccid2012 is right on. Evaluate your international program on campus. Are we a 6? I think so!
seriously. I'm letting GMail take over for me--hoping I don't miss something important, but I can't deal with the volume.
i LOVE new found glory. like i forgot just how much i loved them. i remember when they were all i listened to in 5th grade.
true but we signed him for only 2 years so maybe TT is gonna draft a center and have Saturday groom him for his replacement
UGH I JUST NEED TO STICK TO JUSTIN. LIKE TF WHY AM I STARTING TO LIKE GUYS FROM MY SCHOOL. THIS AINT COOLFJGHFGSDG
I know I'm not a player but I can be a gentle-man.
Project Trick- -into-becoming-a-plus-size-model is going according to plan.
Welcome back to the Bay Boss...Great day to be here!
Finally got his number :D . I meet up with him today
lol he the one going crazy
Awww, hope the little guy feels better soon! It's heartbreaking knowing there's little you can do to get him better faster
Nice to meet you as well. Cool stuff you're doing!
that's butt. Lol
21st century book clubs with and Beatrice Gerrish. Want to do next year..love for reviewing!
#IRA2012 attendees-if you're concerned about keeping kids safe online or teaching kids tech, find & meet ZillyDilly creator !
Proverbs 27:6Proverbs 27:6 Faithful [are] the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy [are] deceitful.
Everything is good in its season 鬼も十八番茶も出花
I hope you are kid free.
Make that *UIe (-:
THANKS, have a powerful 1!
I just want to thank everybody who supports me and supports my DJing.. I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for all of you!
Imma paint the city red w/ this one.
this message was not sent from me. It was sent from this twitter account: :t.co/ULK1mg3. some how they got into my account, and are
#IHatePeopleWho act like freaking kids! Grow up!
Heading to the East Coast tonight for Graduation Weekend Extravaganza 2012. Way to make me feel old Carly Sacks and Melissa Roth.
Send me an email and I'll walk you through it.
I wonder what kind of beer Philadelphia will be coming up with when the Devils put them out of their misery 2morrow...
love it. not really as descriptive as 101, but it'll do.
Banging headache 😣👎
... And the next pipe that breaks may cause me to go Caddyshack on this whole mess.
Gettin my hair did :-) thanks roomie! You're the best hair stylist!
Very excited that a has opened on Temple's campus. Waffles for all!
Live your dreams. Never wake up!
HAHA, Barack is hilarious!!! He said soccer is just like the NBA ... only for slow, unathletic white people with zero hand-eye coordination!
Leapfrog eyes LeapPad app market, defend turf vs. Android - CNET
I offer yellows to anyone nearby. Usually throw away plenty.
as always, thanks kate! :)
Finally watching #glee!!!!!!
where the fsd link at?
Now if you were in Kentucky tonight I would be cooking that dinner for you and you would be opening that bottle !! Just saying
Details?...who needs details? We take you at your word...well, some of us do, anyways. :)
Nothing Much, How R U This Morning?
Ah! Finally a little sunshine this morning at Ally B Studio :)
happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya
We learned a lot too. It was great meeting you. John C.
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: "I am with you kid. Let's go." ~Maya Angelou
Great so far! How's yours?
and Karl Pilkington in a new BBC show involving travel. Make it happen, BBC. You're welcome.
Lunch itinerary: Jersey Mikes, and the out to buy some MAN SOCKS for
cool>>>homework some times sucks but what can we do about it
We don't have an exact date yet, but we're thinking May!
My concert location posted to my wall
you'll be the first person I tell belie dat!
He was crashing the box and I'm assuming he was just taking an extra few yards to stay on his feet and not slip on the grass.
Follow me, I follow you :)
Eroma = Erotic+Romantic! does it again. $.99 Daily Deal for #Kindle and #Nook! Get it on sale today before it goes back $4.99!
RT - -New England Patriots all day baby!- :)
So, now you should pay it forward and help your followers out. :)
Wilton Simpson Q1 total is $29,325. Looks as if he and John Legg will be in a highly-priced and bloody battle for whatever Senate seat.
I Miss You by Blink 182 >
Thanks for responding. Email me at and I'll send you some details.
Ikea right? Thats where we picked up Lyla.
I hate that they give handicap passes to people just for being fat. Aren't those the people that actually need the extra walking?!?
Thanks for the memories. Once a Tiger, always a Tiger. Best of luck Will!
Follow and because they're spreading the good word.
I've never seen someone from a significant others family try to keep people together.
#scarymovierulestoliveby if a pet acts weird, pack up all your shit and leave right away. Don't ask "Is something wrong?" Assume it is!
Yes Sir
Chillin like a villain.
Have we really fallen so far in society that Bristol Palin is allowed to make social commentary?
Thanks for the connection
Finally home. Now to watch the end of the game and pick some new songs to learn. Suggestions?
looking for hot music artist in losangeles,artist make sure you follow us on twitter
Ha, right. I figured you would have been down here from Cleveland before. Welcome back! I promise no football comments.
There is an Irish reality golf show? How am I only hearing about this now!
re: adele ME TOO!!!
House Hunters, you have sucked me in again.
Shot the 20 year reunion for the 1992 superbowl champion cowboys.
We'd LOVE for you to play ! It's a unique event in a lovely part of the state. Plus, it benefits young MN musicians!
We"re drinking the best beers ever in Austin, TX.
The great danger for most lies NOT in setting our aim 2 high & falling short; but in setting our aim TOO low, & achieving our mark. ~M.B.~
Thank you and wow, what an episode! We loved Sherlock tonight. :)
well that would explain it's elusiveness when searching. Now I'm even more curious. ;)
March Madness is coming soon and we will be giving away a Free Trip for 2 to Vegas for 5 days and 4 nights - Watch for details on how to WIN
Teens Volunteer @ Old Colorado City Library this Sat. at 3. Teen Advisory meeting
I love Tom Brady
I need more followers anybody wanna help
thanks for kill'n the shit
Wise and mature people do not make excuses! They always find ways to reach their goals!
this girls description is LOADING???? cannot wait to sit down and read it.
Yeah. Also, while Rachel Berry is the main character if a TV show, she is not the main character of that high school. Bullshit.
Rolex On My Risk Cost A Camaro Yeah That Double S
good thing u spent all that $$ on ink and not bettering your immediate future -_- #nice$management LoL
Back to the money I go rise and grind tomorrow then cook finger when I get off
We are entering hurricane season. Is your company prepared?
Sharing one tooth brush for your whole family
confusing dance numbers cause I'm so nervous
The Avengers.. AMAZING.
Jam put a much better effort in the third and cut their deficit to just four points to end the third (73-69)
Who saw #full moon rising last night? A giant gold coin, gleaming yellow. I crossed a street & there it was, hovering -huge- at the horizon.
...because when i fall i fall hard.
Enjoying a nice, quiet evening with the fam!
Would love to hear others' thoughts on this. " Q4 How do you validate/measure offline word-of-mouth and engagement? #pr20chat"
Brother in law and family safe although tornado hit their sub near Ulrich street Dexter MI Praise God for hand of protection!
My dream is to play The Big Show in a Big Show biopic.
Facing Foreclosure And Need Assistance With A Short Sale We Can Help. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
Probably just hasn't been any email yet. Give me 5 minutes & I bet I can find something nefarious going on :)
i am on twitter still
hey :) what's up
can't bend my pointer finger.
#dolphins D#
Love it!!! RT : The writers of Modern Family are genius. This show never ceases to amaze me!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 18
BUG Report: great offerings from all our friends. Coincidence? I think not. Haymarket & metro & finch & 5 rabbit!
And I'm glad we don't "party."
I want to start playing the violin again.
Thank you Jesse! And thank you #DALIENS! We appreciate all the support! Keep watching and sharing
hahaha. I have moves like jagger. Wait no... what are the moves of jagger?
Smashing Pumpkins added to MFNW, That just threw a wrench in my whole schedule.
absolutely, please email us
“: Be prepared for Carb Day again this year. 🍻” I can't wait!
Any experts on using WP_OSC plugin to integrate OS Commerce into Wordpress blog? I could use some help.
me and my litte sister throwing fruit loops in the air and catching them in your mouth instead of doing homework. we cool.
I desperately need a #JohnCusack impersonator to call my daughter on her birthday. I think she'd fall over on her cake!
The battle of the seller dwellers!
There should be a rule....you cannot get a new smartphone until your current one is no longer sold.
i'm gonna put it out there right now... your customer service SUCKS ASS!! it's more like customer NO SERVICE!! JUST SAYIN!!!
Watching a wonderful dance company but this dude dancing is like half way naked...I mean come on
Thank you Marla!
Kudos to the volunteers working the #SuperBowl. Everyone of them has been exceedingly nice and are really giving #Indy a good name!
Sorry all you Norv haters. Amazing what he can do with an all most healthy team. He beat what many consider the best team in the AFC.
does know look at what he retweeted
The man giving me a pedicure said he will send 100 egg rolls to my house if let him go on a date with my best friend
wants to go out tonight.
A 4:00 appointment just opened up if anybody wants it. Send me a text @ (404) 771-0164.
Ibarguen Miami defies corporate control. Debate constant, discover different points of view: prepare to let go!
Steve Novak is the man
"When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world." -John Muir. Rest well, dear yogis.
great show!!! In quintessence one of my favs!!!
Yes I did- I created the BOOM! team for my friends/coworkers. Good luck!
you have such a amazing voice! Great job!
John Brenkus of ESPN's Sport Science is on Grounds today, Dec. 3. All are invited to his 4:00 talk in Room 204, Physics Building.
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." ~Ray Bradbury
follow me please
(Via ) You so Lucky! How many beers DID you have? -Zero. Guess I should start.
Totally. We are in the middle of The Wire. So we'll probably finish that up and then ax Netflix totally
I don't care what the calendar says, I hereby prociam it to be Friday! Let's make it happen! Drink and apps specials start in 30!
re all attractive.
More info?
I shall teach you 😏
Good FRIDAY morning! Isn't it crazy how time flies so fast? It is already the middle of April!
haahaa dey better den olive garden
I guess it's about dual improvement then. Good question!
Is getting in trouble (not involving the BIG 3) with the law StraightEdge? <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
Coffee party!
Apparently is the man!
11 children needs surgery and can help them. I just sent my donation to this amazing humanitarian. Love that guy!
Some people I like better when I don't know them
Agreed re Thur-Sat. sought + incorporated community feedback in the planning process.
Watching American Horror Story. There's no frickin' way I'd watch this if I were alone!
RT : RT : Rep Morrow: some calls & emails to lawmakers on stadium have "crossed the line". Urges people to be...
that's interesting, Jen.
2 11-game winning streaks this year...is finally going to give the #SPURS the props they deserve and have earned?
What song do you suggest Redrock Saloon plays?
i mean Celine Dion sent all your favs into cardiac arrest way back in 1997
I know it effin blows. He had to park right in front of our driveway. Just bad luck.
GOD I'M RIGHT HERE.
Thank you :)
How long into producing did you start noticing your own "sound"? (da funkiness) Are you a fast learner? Genius in school?
What are you doing on GOD's time today?
no one has swagga like us
so what are you getting today?
what time do you work tomorrow
' youre on drugs & irrelevant if you think Herman Cain Winning Florida Straw Poll By Huge Margin is headline of moment...
Thanks to those who support me. It won't and don't go unoticed. Goodnight.
Only 33% of consumers trust banner ads. John Paton, CEO digital first media.
Something is better than nothing
I loved that! Almost as good as a peanut butter, spinach, tomato, chinese toy sandwhich!
I'm finally back in Jersey, it was amazing being a part of the International Beauty Show, I would definitely do it again. :)
Hey there! How is Salem Mass in October? I figure you have the inside scoop :)
Of course
what's his twitter?!
Love is like a rumor, everyone talks about it, But no one truly knows.
My brother: pardon my nuts. *continues to walk around naked*
I Had a dream that all my teeth had visible cavities! what a nightmare!
Next on the to do list: replace with Joe Benanati.
Made mailbox labels, cleaned laundry room & fitness room, typed, walked a pup, went to store, ordered cleaning supplies ...
Having way to much fun getting people with my new fav toy.
So it was Jerry Tipton's 10th year at the Herald Leader?
So it seems like is ignoring me, his own family... That's ok, I'll go get some hot dogs with Hunter.
I'm asking if their pants run big because the thing is, I'm an enormous size 2.
BOYS SWIMMING: Wilson extends Moore reign - Long Beach Press-Telegram
we now get Whole Living & Everyday Food thanks to :)
I'm leaning that way too, but wonder if there's room for cultural importance of the game. Some play because they love it.
you know it. Go
my little #script has been sent off! Time for some pie!
Haha am I being to loud.
Happy Freedom Day!
ok I have never heard those two films at all!! Did you make them up? Lol
“: :(”I feel the same right now lmao
actually i co own it..haha..:D
My little cousin got his first girlfriend. Time goes by so fast. It was just yesterday when I remember a little baby throwing up on me.
Because Dwayne Wade is precious.
is anyone watching x factor? What is up with rihannas long nasty nails.......EEEEEEWWWWW!
Is it 4:00 yet? Time to leave work n go fishn
Lithuanian double duty today: V-16 Latin Mass + dance class in Baltimore.
Canopy 600-Thread Count Cotton Sheet SheetQueen Retail 5988 - sheet sets queen
My 5 yr old son is flabbergasted that a soccer match can end in a tie. "that doesn't make sense."
probably easier to clean than walls
Thanks for the retweet! Are you part of
What broad got star struck by standing next to last night - cause he was wearing a Wisconsin t-shirt? This one.
Japanese officials consider burying reactors in soil.
text me!
What? Wounding isn't the point of #SpyMaster? But I'm SO good at it....
o ok lol
they just opened at Chipolte Grill a couple of miles from my house...
Nothing wrong with change.
Kicked out before midnight. Baby girl, you almost made it.
They fixed my laptop! I can stop writing blog posts on my Kindle now!
Our shrimp & grits TV Dinner will be served with garlic spinach, fried okra, cole slaw, and coffee cake for dessert. Starting this Thursday!
please follow my new account ! i'll follow back!
Our strawberries are just turning red. Growing them at home since they have one of highest levels of pesticides when bought at the store!
#IF11 closing session: what if #sustainability only came with AND not BUT or IF
Alligator Attack!
Dear , There should be a law that 2 teams I like CAN NOT play each other ergo VS
#yobitv Yo what up Doe? Joshua and Danielle and Jen And Jess
Watching #tokillamockingbird with my 11yr old.
Thank you for all the birthday wishes today!
The Ring Pop commercial is so
Love ya back :) <3
Im hungry and the only thing i have near me is candy
Matt Cain came to Mission to eat tacos! Sí, #raza. And just 2 days after that, he made that masterpiece of pitching against the
Jose, thanks for reminding me about what's going on in our educational system.
My favorite part about Hanging with Friends is knowing everyones sleep scheds
Thanks girl! I'm excited. :D
miss you, you gorgeous hunnie ya! the rest of the hunnies miss ya too! x
:) Followed u Ryan! X
When something works you work it hard!
#Florio #exhib #Burma #portraits #Chelsea #NY thanks Mikey! Wish you were in NY for the party! H & Flo x
landlord found it in basement & threw it out:-( Now he knows the cause of a 300% water bill from months back.
I need NBC to "accidently" mute Pierre's microphone.
I love animals and have a great music catalogue from Memphis ck us out.
I agree with you on that - there can Always be more fashion! :) Which gown was your favorite?
fuck is that?
Thank you for your vote! “: Just voted for for mayor of Baltimore”
well then, i see how it is (;
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you type in the right cheat code
agree on all counts.
It got leaked and it's on YouTube!
He chk raises to 8700 and has about 14k behind. I wasn't happy about it but put him all in and he had KT.
texts me all DAY and all NIGHT. Love her
RT : "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain. Plz RT
Of course! Email me the info & Ill get it in the right hands,
#NickiNewAlbum Why'd u decide to put interview on album?
balanced breathing, inspire and expire is equal
Nice. :) Congrats.
: RT : Tonight on The Best Show: will be stopping by! 8-11 PM EST wfmu.org! RT this!
Nope. W.E.B Dubois.
I'm so sore from ballet and all those back and split stretches and feet and knee over my head
Our first event of #HackingEdu is here! See you tonight at ! Thanks for co-hosting this event with us !
So I went to Yahoo Answers asking what could be wrong with me and I got completely irrelevant answers...
Today in class: slaughterhouses, coal mining, pirated software, oil spills, shrimpin', Hitler & the Battle of San Pietro...
You know, Canada is home to some great wildlife, and Calgary is nice this time of year.
“: Metta World Piece Of Shit” how do I convey a "no" head shake on this?
Happy New Year and thanks for the shout out! :)
Traffic makes me sad...
WHY DO ONE DIRECTIONERS KEEP FOLLOWING ME! THE BAND IS GARBAGE! BACKSTREET BOYS IS THE ONLY BOY BAND FOR ME!
I'm always amazed at the bravery of the participants!
Don't think he cares were that goes. Desperate shot by a team down by two.
Wow, look how many followers we have, great job hunters and retweeters! For all the newbies, we are going to recap how this contest works.
GodBless u've touched so many. Grateful 4 happiness ur music has brought me Only greatness in store 4 next 15.
*updating status on facebook* oh *cancel* can't write that. family will see. #TSS -_-
Um has anyone else seen the new York Peppermint Patty commercial? Wow.
you're gonna live tomorrow, if you don't die today.
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
Noice!!! Did you like the Vipe?
What is going on w/ TYT site? Where's the show?
S/o to check out his new joint
Good morning Chicago! 70 degrees, yes!
Will have to keep that in mind in future playground designs in the Caribbean.
The AFP one? The client has gone radio silent, ironically I just emailed them this morning to see what's up.
Well there's multiple.I'm going to be doing a couple of serious pencil drawings of actual people and need your help locating pix
Miami Dolphins undrafted free agents sign deals
I can RT : RT RT IF YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT ME IN A FIGHT
Ok thanks
On slavery L said: The fight must go on. The cause of civil liberty must not be surrendered at the end of one or even one hundred defeats.
#whitepeoplehobbies Calling the cops.. #BlackPeopleHobbies Running..
Getting ready to have have an educational and enlightening night. A study of intoxication is about to commence. Let's start the tests..
well there was the 2nd severe weather warning in the last half hour on freaking out yet?
So my Spanish final might just be on verbs
David Batista offered a role in the film "Black Hole" from the series "The Chronicles of Riddick" studio Universal Pictures
RT : We care for any type of pet you may have including dogs, cats, fish, birds, rats, ferrets, and any other pets you may own
Ready to start recording again.
Headed to nelson's to ride again. . Jammin some dead boys in the truck. The band, not dead little kids.
hey I met u at playlist live in florida in march but u proboly don't remember me. Well I just wanted to say hi! Follow me??
It has just been discovered by a chic in the salon with me that I have a son by Trick Daddy...101 Question!!!
": Bodemeister did run great, but if that race goes 10 more yards he finishes out of the money."10 yds less and he's a champ.
Your experience is what differentiates you from your competitors.
Wade <--my beast last name :3 "aly wade" ahh yeah
really? Who scored 8 points in the finals last yr? Baby bron bron did
my brothers b-day tommorow help me wat should i get him??:)
this has been bothering me since the show started! Why do I keep saying "but you killed Patrick Swayze though"?
My #gym membership has offically become an expensive key chain. I get home and think "gym time" but my body says "#food and sleep."
presenting teen award for
Thanks for making this day even more incredible for me than it already was going to be!
It's sad because you really were the best friend I ever had.
Goodnight twitter, followers, non followers, oh and future followers! :D
some of these women too they both can suck my toe knuckles lmao
We open at 8am on Black Friday! 20-25% off all jewelry merchandise!
Why the fuck did everyone blow my phone up at 7am?
That's an excellent idea...like an 80s prostitute spare bedroom or something. That would be perfect.
Hey all! Sorry...I just got home from the Nobel Peace Laureate summit. CPS students played a big role today!
Having an awesome time at Woofstock at Suwanee Park with Mom, Dad, and our dog, Libbie
go follow a sexy beast she's kind of amazing ;)
Everything is stupid.
he is, at least, not inactive. But certainly not as active as he was in the 1990s. Still at same address.
Andrew Bynum = Brian Fellows
I feel like the weather this summers gonna SUCK.
so the other day i saw a girl
We do the hard, unseen work of perpetuating Western Civilization. Hate a teacher if u want, but #LosAngeles is not burning 2nite.
I Wanna Bitch To Give Me Neck Like Pooh Bear!
Congrats on making varsity!! Have you thought about playing in college? Many opportunities for scholarships!
You are very welcome! Happy to share with other hard-working
nice to see u sticking around town for the weekend! Enjoy the sights sounds of da SD!
Omg! Craving DQ now. Must stop by before I go home. :)
that would be great, thanks!
hush up she killin me
hello MDMH! miss u
Who's your favorite contestant?!
Gonna be a god weekend.
I swear every time I am on any set. I freeze my balls off. Looking for them as we speak
Simmons also expecting to follow up in integrated practice areas such as pipelines to employment, caring adults/mentoring.
I am too. It's pretty. And we have no choice living in WI. Gotta make the most of it!
Gas prices to go down
#FemalesOutHereShapedLike 10 in the face and damn THICK in the waist.
I havent talked to or in like forever.!:o
Half white but don't think I got a klu klux pass, when I'm up in the V police be fuckin wit me
uh uh nor I, of course.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. ...Oprah Winfrey
haha you can actually change the sound now :)
Who's ready for To come Home? RT.
With my bro , tomorrow is his birthday party! So happy.. :)))
I hope the girls down the hall are at least hot, because judging by the daily smoke detector alarms, they're too stupid to cook.
#pathic when people start following you for a follow back then they unfollow you until u notice there sneaky game.
if its any consolation to you....I lost my car and was wandering outside looking for it for 15 minutes like a creep
yes they are! But not this week because of the summit :/ trying to rent a studio out tho!
Late breakfast of venison chops & chilaquiles...
RT : Brittle nails, hair loss? Eat eggs & walnuts for Biotin, fatty fish for Omega-3, spinach & kale for Vitamin A
I can't wait for Tuesday.
#AT&T is looking for a project manager for cool mobility projects in Atlanta. DM/email me if interested.
Carter was cleaning up Nixons/ Ford mess. RR also raised the debt ceiling 17 times!
Man wtf I get bull at this time I'm fin to slap somebody
same. I can only sit in a chair for so long. Shaping up to be a really good year for both publications
Our happy hour starts at 11am! Get an early start to the weekend!
Thanks, Anthony. It was great. Hope all is well.
No Graduation ticket for him and I #mean that..!
you came through in the clutch though girl
I 1st started wearing Micros because i loved them on back in tha day,Now Im going Natural because she inspires
Thanks for the ReTweet! :)
I must have miss read lol
Coming next week. New bath Salt Sizes - 1lb., 5lb., 10lb., and 20lb.
Dont forget to visit us on the web at www.vancouverwahotel.com
Woot! #Storyline launches! Congrats to the entire #Articulate team and all the beta testers. Great job!
is he the coffee table police?! Put a drink on it without a coaster and see what he does.
if i understand Render unto Caesar what is Caesars...Then that was an early separation of church and state. I'm not a scholar
When did y'all do a logo change?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Thanks for the Like Mike!
How cool! I did that, too, this week.
follow me on twitter I need more followers
Looking forward to lounging in Duboce Park if this damn iPhone ever finishes updating!!!!!!!
He's really banged-up. That knee is worse IMO. He seemed to aggravate it tonight..
I love it, that is awesome !
Yes. RT : You can thank Brad Mills for this victory, because, quite frankly, we were not going to hit W.Rodriguez in the 9th
This fog is cool, it was super creepy driving home through it. Loved it!
I would love to go fishing today. Pretty windy, but I almost don't care at this point. Sun is shining and I wanna go fishing
if your gonna exagerate at least make it the world or perhaps the universe. Just a suggestion.
Potus affirms same sex marriage! Even in difficult times, we can take massive step forward!
Can someone kick me in the nuts to get me out of this funk I'm in? :-/
dude that's so tight bra.
You go girl!
The only bad thing about Nickelback is their appearance, lyrics, riffs and music videos.
who knos only time will time
that's just silly
really stepped it up!! Great look's
I like that idea, sounds great.
Show and prove is seriously such an amazing album
We're the original, we're the best. Sugar Shack BBQ Established in 2006 at the GREATEST University in the Nation.
lol that was funny :)
im dark already, I dont need to be darker from my feet & the other half whiter lol :c
I still tweet nonstop but its on . I post the more offensive stuff here as well as more tweets about dunkers
RT Thank you for making us business of the week!
Hey bruh! How'd the competition go?
Black out tomorrow
illness is 60% mental. 90% when you're me. I feel better already. Now all I need is a beer! :-)
Weekend special of $90.00 for 5000 business cards and also $2.99 for 200 assorted white tees with a 1 color print. More options available.
I'll tweet to all my Packer followers tomorrow during peak Twitter hours lol.
Holy shit its to fucking hot! I need to drive!
I hate when ppl try to give advice but its dry... Smh... Don't worry about it hun I will just advise myself
My church's choir was awesome today! "For the Lord our God is mighty, yes the Lord our God is omnipotent...he is wonderful" #FMBC JAX BCH
check that it needs to come 13-4 to be the big payday lol.
It's Game time!
debating whether or not to slut around the last couple weeks of high school. fellow twitterers, lend me your thoughts.
FYI RT : With the #Redskins officially re-signing , the #Redskins also waived TE Rob Myers.
Hey #sandiego - want to know the good places to eat? No fine dining. Check out
.: "I’ve just concluded that...it is important for me to...affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Bible,Guitar,Pics,My Cross Necklace,Cowboy Hat,Video Camera.Off To Nevada
Ridiculous call. C'mon.
“: Feels good to be back in the gym...my second home... I <3 ”
Dear #uswomenssoccer please tell #alexmorgan I wanna marry her! Caps off to the whole team it was a helluva run....y'all are #1 in my book
If I go to sleep angry at you, it's rare that you'll get forgiveness.
Well, me and my stepdad just got our faces washed in cool whip by my sister!😃 no need for her to worry paybacks around the corner😄
stayed out too late, partied too hard, drank too much, and every moment was worth it.
We are going to just look around in Munchen today:)
we shood prolly link up soon and talk about stuff. This has been the longest planned meeting of my life
Thank you pretty!! 😊
should be on the court at all times
are you doing anything with node.js these days?
I hope they make the jeep big enough to hold East Portland people in it... East Portland need JOB!!!!
sup snow in PIttsburgh?! Walking in a winter wonderland. If you can't beat em' join em' do I hear...SNOW DAY??!! please.
A great Plato quote "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
< hi Scott. I'm a reporter for AJC and working on Passion 2012. Did you make donation to fight slavery? email me @
Yo I swear these niggas ain't shyt...after what I saw I promise u I won't part mii lips && ask dat ass fa shyt else....SMH
Florida became the 27th state on this day in 1845.
Keep rockin', and keep knockin' Whether you Louis Vuitton-ed up or Reebok-in'
Spotted someone at a Delaware rest stop sporting a Colgate sweatshirt. Wish I had more time so I could have wished her a happy #ColgateDay!
chillin just watching the game
KRIS ALLEN IS TOO TIGHT XD
High praise, indeed. Now to figure out what we can do to top it. Halloween'll be here before we know it.
"I do not fix problems. I fix my thinking. Then problems fix themselves." Louise L. Hay
I'm OCD for UCD (user-centered design) - another participant in grant meting today.
hey TrueBieberFans just wanted to let you guys know if we cant update on here me and pilar will update on our personal accounts. so ...
Our Canons will be firing at the highly anticipated Grand Opening of this Wednesday from 5-8PM.
In #12HOURS I will be crying floods of tears while listening to Turn To You <3 Please follow
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children. ~William Makepeace Thackeray
thank u xo
I would really appreciate it if the media would stop enabling Ryan O'Neal's predilection for whining and famewhoring. Thanks.
Just want it to be Wednesday
cue up the Beach Boys for
We on another level
Nobody bunts properly in MLB. Larry Bowa gave a great demo on MLB channel on bunting the other day which shocked me.....
wow, i forgot how good The Olive Garden's food was.
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. – Tryon Edwards
If I meet a Diana tonight I hope she's dirty.
Getting ready to head to the airport. Bye New Orleans
Got a voice so I use it,I don't need no attourney.I represent myself like a judge without a jury.
What I would give for a good Black and Mild right now. Ugh.
Shoutout to the hottest Realtor in the game!!
Working on a lot of videos! Follow my Personal twitter for more updates,
Big thanks to for hooking us up with the best artist in the world.
lol its straight though!
you too
Yes! Probably in mid-may!! We need a night out!!!
Thanks bro...yeah it's unique!
Can you follow me cause I already follow Funny Truth?
Atta girl ! keeping it real
Looking forward to #NCAA tournament tonight as #WKU takes on Miss. Valley State.
Pretty please follow me💙
Randolph baseball rolls in county tournament opener
DM me. Or on my facebook wall?
you're welcome you deserve it Congrats!!!(: I mean it(:
TD Gugger is a vindictive person <--don't lie to him. He'll eat your lunch. Every time.
Just showing love return it and follow back thanks (J Dash High)
George Hill stopping LeBron and Wade's fast break! Wow is all i have to say....
Girls golf: Wilsonville's Juhee Lee wins individual league title and Wilsonville's Mike Nichols wins NWOC coach of the year.
Today will be no different! Good luck to you, sir!
big hopes for khaleesi
show it off at tomorrow?
Talk like that can get you run out of California I hear.
to the balcony, she peers out through the railings. I kept an eye on Ava and knew other parents who saw me let her go so far from me.
so great meeting you ladies on Sunday! Such a delish and fun night...hope to see you soon!
I play it over and over! You seriously have the sweetest voice. #muchlove <3
I hope every one has a loved filled beautiful evening good night and sweet dreams
I wouldn't have been able to finish my #memoir w/t the <3 of & Thx guys!
Chicken+veg tortilla soup and panini w/t chipotle sauce, bacon, & chicken=Happy Hump Day!
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons.
It's all fun and games until someone pisses off dad.
nigga i know u know thats a Kanye & Jay-Z line...lmao
Haha. It's not a long enough layover for me to leave LAX and hang out or nothing.
Oh, thanks for the breakfast vouchers delta. 2 days 2 airlines 1 completed flight 1 turnaround flight. And I'm only in Atlanta.
Taco Tuesday! Get here for select $2 Tacos!
what's the time commitment?
Dear America: Do you REALLY want hate to be what defines this country? If not,
I wish sessions would fight over the screens & not under. Can't keep switching with bigs
yoh I really gotta stop givin ppl my number they be callin me outta the blue & I dont be knowin who it is #that's all kinds a scary
great seeing you guys again too. Just talked to my mom and she totally remembers you guys. Tough 1 last night! Tex is good
Good morning world..... Off day no plans!
I've tweeted...can I get that discount?
"Tuesday Night Showcase": Are you an unsigned artist who would like to perform in NYC - FREE? Call 347 249 9441 for details!
lolol yes. I love cars
Hoes scream for attention on Facebook
Hey people I'm so freakin bored can some one please DM me so I have something to do thx ;)
#Heat #Losers hahaha..No Rose, No Problem!
Three Laws of Robotics appear to contradict each other.
A1: Not if you think you might want to apply for another job with that company. You might get overlooked for one you are!
Eating humble pie
Love those guys!
Girls Lacrosse game
It took 3 seasons for them to get nationals!
So excited for you! :D
Food Allergy Foundation is dedicated to funding food allergy support groups, research, education, awareness and advocacy across the country.
lol. Know the feeling. Well put.
Aye You Already Know I Got You (:
Im already thinking about going back! Takin some time off first then going back probably ;)
As a fan with ties to either school, have to say that is classy. Unfortunately, not at all what I expect from your network
Re: last tweet and - I completely respect the position, but many genealogists believe "why WOULDN'T you want to share?"
I guess Israel will be unleashed after election day.
justin follow me please please please ;) ;) ;) please only please contest me yes please
thank you for telling me that pea and ham soup cannot possibly make me or anybody sick under any circumstances
The UWM Libraries are closed Friday, 25 March for campus-wide Furlough Day & Saturday, 26 March. We will reopen regular hours on Sunday.
Today's word of the day: Maven A.) To urge B.) Keeping on putting off C.) A noxious or troublesome animal D.) Fatherhood E.) An expert
Come watch the Cardinal's tonight in HD!
I walked all the way down the hill... make that threat sooner bro
Thanks for following I look forward to seeing you in Boise.
haha awesome, so I guess it does work out sometimes!! :)
I know it's ad nauseam, but any word if Daniel Thomas will be ready to roll?
You were right - definitely hilarious :)
Ebon youre so perfect. i love you and I will forever be a lurker<333
No. I don't want to play bells on every song.
Let me know if I can help move things forward with any other brands. Oh, and thoughts on the new ?
“Studies show homophobia is more common among people with an unannounced attraction to others of the same sex.” uh oh
Well the Rays and Nats are not the same :/ They have younger teams don't have money to make these long term deals
Delegations for dozens of world leaders visiting Chicago for the NATO Summit will stress city resources,
I have got to start tweeting more smh.
Hey, how is your day going? + Would you please follow me? <AB
I called you not to long ago.. I got a job working at Coach so I can't leave.
Do you boo boo, do you.
That is pretty funny. Wonder if there are some little brother chants as well.
About to do cover the night.(;
Looking for #helpdesk professionals for contract-to-hire opportunities. Let me know if your interested!
still didn't get my moombahswag. I want to rock that old school shirt with the cursive "Moombahton". Great show last night!
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Jamieson picks top shelf putting the Hawks on top by 4.
Oh and if your in my time zone.. Happy #FicarelliFriday & #RedPantsFriday <3
hahah. u r one strange lil girl :D <33
I hope you miss me like I miss you.
that would be great. your customer service staff was not able to do much for me beyond increasing my blood pressure.
heading to bus now
Running late for work but who cares!! It's Friday!
We Must be close, if not, I'll send out another FB & email post. Let me know.
IS GOING TO ROME WITH ME!!!!
Wow. You donated 10,533 food items to the Community Food Bank during Food for Fines Week. Way to go Pima County!
It's ok for your #BestFriend to #Poke your wife...
RT : to host presentation and book signing by ROSE APODACA this Friday, March 9!!!
#NP We Got Hood Love - Mary J. Blige
Yay, campaign season! Where a country's leaders argue like suger high 8 yr olds for months on end.
RT : I hate you Windows 7. I wish you were a Mountain Lion. Umm, because a mountain lion would be so much more helpful???
Just looked out my window to see a cat climbing our neighbor's ladder, looking for all the world like a small, gray furry person.
Did you get the TV mounted?
you got... A Thousand Miles by Vanessa Carlton :D
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. -Abigail Adams
Sleeping in is over rated when there are great tunes to listen to with Mike Foster and Sunday Morning Over Easy 6-10a Sundays on 101.5.
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but in the event you always put the customer 1st, success would be yours.
lol thats really funny I feel sorry for you!
Summer is almost here. What are some great nonprofits that help kids go to camp? Any suggestions?
“: is aware of this” you kidding, she's half the reason. I expect Ed to be there. We will do a duet.
I had a dream last night where I was in a band. Our gimmick was that we bolted all our equipment to the ceiling. A lot of clubs hated us.
Striking how much of my time I spend behind glowing screens and curved hulls. I'm feeling nature-deficit disorder.
I need to start thinking how to cook The whole chicken, and I'll have pasta salad..
#reasonsThatImSingle most females nowadays are skanks who already have kids.
#nw teen mom: Wow this kid is really talking down to his pregnant girl like how this happen as of he had nothing to do with it, smh
Thanks guys. I am calling this an 'unfortunate rehearsal incident'. Involved goofing around. Dancing. Disaster.
Just saw a van headin down Light St in #Baltimore. Was hoping it was like an adult ice cream truck. I wanted a blackjack cone
exciting! have a safe trip and best of luck w/the move
Have a great weekend!
GOD BLESS THE SECOND AMENDMENT!!
Problems? Go out and DIG. I find slamming shovel into ground & turning over dirt to be therapeutic. Stress relief + prep 4 tomatoes = cure:)
Lol RT : don't start nothing cus I'm always down for eating lol
Raw deal for your boy. Hate that.
only for donut!
Today is Wythe-fest in my conference room while 1862 occupies the streets of across the way.
I. Want. California.
You're committed to someone else, but here in my mind i have you all for myself.
does anyone know if 1D will be in england in july? I'm trying to convince my dad to take me to england in the holidays..
Yup he hit 2 doubles :)
you're nothing special, you're nothing new.
text me.(:
oh gurl theres a vid on fb and some chick is lipsyncing to fuckin want u back and im just like IMA PUNCH A HOE
once you kill a cow... you gotta make a burger
do you have it
me 8 games at one time on one tv
5/8 #ForOneNightOnly have the #FancyShmancy Package : Dinner, Dessert, Drink then Entry to Tuesdays !
Happy Birthday shout out to !! 
I'm thankful for every beverage I've almost tipped over but didn't.
why thank you sir ;)
when will it be done?
Notice how you've never seen Steven Tyler and Vict Gotti in the same room at the same time? Hmm...
hitting any games next weekend v Philly? I'll be there Friday/Sunday.
Listening in to a responsive web webinar by
Thanks for the RT
Beers of the World will be releasing their beer, Nightfrost Porter, at their Henrietta store tomorrow from 4 - 6 PM!
I guess everybody just fell off the face of the planet today.
Hey thanks!! :) RT : thanks for the RT. We'll have our connect with you. You rock!
Beautiful eyes...window to her heart
you never know if your ready until it happens
Elle Goulding. ♥
It's been a long time comin'. Brew Dr. Kombucha is now on tap at ALL THREE of our teahouses!
It will flow from my body to yours, an infection that can't be cured.
#YEE(: My braces are officially coming off on May 31st!
i hate that frozen strawberry lemonade is trending because reading those words are making me hella thirsty
awww next time!
I'm good at video games specially when it's comes to wrestling
don't call back
Craving some midnight Panda Express.
Which is fine. Move Myers, if it means a quality #1 For 20+ years the excuse has been. "what if..."
For wet spills, extract the material and scrape up the excess.
It's ok JMV, your not stupid just some of these crazy listeners are!!! I got your back.
You're going to ask me out lmfao lol RT :
Good Luck to Track and Field today at UNF! Softball at UCF and Baseball at home vs famu at 1pm! FEAR THE FIN! Let's get some W's!!!
Tom Cruise just gave it to The Artist. The Oscar, that is.
Thinks is funky
My school district has some wacko teachers!
I can only barely skim on iPhone, at meeting... What I saw was shocking and sad! Will read the whole article later on big screen
Caps gear lower prices... Is this insider trading on beer prices?
"Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead..." -#Adele #ArtistoftheYear hands down.
"Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you." - Robert C. Gallagher
wtf?! U flyin a plane right now dude???
So proud of and Michelle Buteau... SHOWTIME, baby!
me too
You are a laser. I just think the whole world should know.
Thank u
I don't care about perfection in the words this time- I repeat- I LOVE the new show 'The LA Complex'.
Sharapova chops off her long blonde hair The tennis star trimmed her long blonde locks. Cast a vote on whether you like it.
Thanks for the tweet re: Dolby Voice!
haha. Thanks. I take that as a great compliment.
- the voice of the Mariners - streaming live on Webex - making history @#ebiznow Philadelphia event!
lolol - yeah destination circuit court.
TODAY: Food Truck Tues from 11-1!Vendors: @% of sales goes2the food bank.
Fuck that was stressful.
when will you be back??! We all should hang!
lol Hahaha we had the best convo's over there ,.
This sun is no joke. I don't think hydrating with alcohol is the best move
Sort of angry with for making me cry last nite. And not laughter tears.
planning...teaching...rehearsing...
If ur a backstreet boys lover feel free to check out my youtube channel. TheBackstreetfan13
..sent it bro! Preciate ya!
You're welcome any time :)
kiss me where it counts
looking forward to you coming to Chicago!
its about that time... nah mean?
Trying to book a flight to Belgium but can't decide which airline is best re: comfort. Suggestions??
#New Year's Eve is okay, could have been better. But #Hugo is a great movie, w/ very good acting!
Finally headed to bed. G'night ppl! 💤😞
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a fuck.
I literally have the best boss in the world.
Alma: we don't come here to rob, no matter what they say but to work and support the economy
'Hadoop' is the new 'algorithm'
so. yeah.
Waiting forever at the eye doctor. At least he's attractive.
I have never seen a man climb out of a trash can so quickly...
Music inspires the world
Make my own ice cream sandwiches w homemade vanilla bean ice cream, or just eat the whole damn box of 3 doz I bought on impulse at CostCo?
k$ said "happy ending" “: Pastor Freddie Haynes sermon, "A new beginning, for a happy ending!" Resurrection Sunday!”
One day all the work will be worth it
how cool is that? so glad. Reading as we twitter btw.
Mama Evans 💜
ha, Eric, you & Joyce r the rock stars! Actually, I think I've seen pics of you in a feather boa! ; )
Looking to DONATE Your Belongings and Downsize - We have a resale shop!! Call (414) 607-4328 - We donate 100% of the funds received!
Two blonds are sitting on a bench. One says "Which is closer? Florida or the moon?" other replies The moon, You can't see Florida from here!
RT : RT : No school tommorow, the next day, the day after, etc.
RT : I don't procrastinate - I Power Digress!
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles we have been for a while now
Hope U tweets R enjoying the weekend. Heads up. We're almost booked for next week. So give us a ring Monday if you're trying to get in :)
are you high?..
Awesome show last night !! I am a big fan, loved it!!!
I need 's advice!
have fun ya dork :)
Wait, wasn't that pass interference?
6WordSciFiStory - If you're me, Who am I?
Fantastic...just fantastic....SMMFH
Coffee shops most successful group with twitter ad messages. Go
We also provide related materials and self administered learning tools
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. FB LOVE MARTIN
Half Off at Westerkamps Steakhouse and Meat Market: - 360 ALREADY sold...
yes. yes you do!
Keep up the great work and defense of our country and constitution!
Fuck you romantic comedies. Fuck. You.
This thunder is vibrating through the building
I #love you my boo <3
i love
Coolest people eva!
followed,follow back please.:)
Who up? Mention me because its looking dry like somebody grandma pussy.
Just watched "Manufacturing Consent with Noam Chompsky". I vote, best comedy of the year!!
<3 :) BUT its's going to be on your Actual birthday not the "fake" one...>.>
Ah ha thats great
"A man's worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions." Having a vision is only part of becoming something...have to have the DRIVE!
this is real life...this was real is like!
Oh boy.
Anyone want me to answer and Wayne questions sorry but their hasnt been a lot of Tunchi lately
One response is to co-teach with an art teacher. (Be aware of difference between functional v decorative)
Yippee! Hope it's going ok!
yeah it's prob easier on the computer. Never done it through the app. You could also just go to about.me in safari
Has this ever happened to you? You're all ready to GET THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD, and you run over a major POT HOLE? Tires & egos deflated!
You should wrestle next year bro
handling some busy today with Asylum,Def Jam and Koch Records
Quickly changing channels....can't watch the ego coming out.
btdubbbs check yours!!(:
how wonderful!
My nails are pretty and I look like SHIT since I didn't fix my hair
Sausalito! (Not terribly accurate.) RT Chessman! I knew it - my fav. Pepperidge Farm® – Quiz: What’s Your Cookie Personality:
Mix & Mingle is picking up! Lots of great networking. Come by and we'll be here!
So0o many things to do, so little Time~
The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings (Enhanced Edition) - Dark Outfits FAQ
congrats on the Shape feature!!
I'm fAdED fAdEd FaDeD
Patients is VITUE
I did meet him..
Just seen this all red house.
The most creative artist out!! I am so inspired
So excited. RT One more day.
just coordinating a Craft Party, Summer Show & Holiday Show for & prepping for the shows I'm in. No big deal.
Bitch I Want The Green One Hoe
dota before going to work!
ayyyyee girll what did you get today??!
He looked so perfect :).
Speak of the Devil… and she’ll show up!!!
We need to take a stand for God and stop just putting a face on for Sunday and live it through the week. Come on guys.
It's follow friday! Who should be following?
Country Music Awards on ABC.
RT : I haven't seen my besties in so long I'm sad I miss her.
Buy one book on feminist art from Amazon, Amazon believes all you want from now on are books about feminist art
I'm coming back to nj
maynard i miss you!
just commented!
well ill hit you back......softly lol :p
I love it when CBS 60 minutes exposes US political corruption. They do it better than almost anyone. Am very much watching tonight.
Thanks, , for a great kick-off party at the last night! Good to see our friends from
RT Remember, #alamw12: nearly all meetings are open; you don't need official permission to be there. Your org.
And here are some culprits! You guys are making me hungry.
Who cares what pool your party'in at, is it topless?? We are!!! Get down here now! We going strong!
Thanks! And it now occurs to me how good those two things would taste together.
More info on the Social Media job in Baltimore...
God has not called us to see through each other, but to see each other through. ~Author Unknown
Segway police patrols adding an additional night per week in June keeping Midtown among the safest neighborhoods in Baltimore.
these shirts need a home! one of them will go to our winner! Medium: violet sheep, white superhero Large: lightpink sheep, white superhero
How convienient, I get sick during a snow term. Perfect! :D
Chester taylor!!!!!! Ya!
Go buy new album! Released today! Amazing! Available everywhere and iTunes!
that is so true for me right now...
heard Native Americans moved silently through woods, but question whether did not say, 'mbpffffft!!' when catching mouth of cobweb & spider
Agg my head and trough hurt so bad right now...and I am hungry!!!
really gonna miss this young man hope he can go out with a bang & one more time shows US MILLER TIME
come back to Kansas
Once you've been hurt, you're so scared to get attached again, you have a fear that every person is going to break your heart.
Good morning Amsterdam, crap its 5:30.. Wow our clocks are jacked.
WET and POWER 102 TONIGHT call Sarah 915-449-2066 WET ULTRA LOUNGE and $2 DRINKS ALL NIGHT LONG,
Balboa Park creates more traffic from smart use of 10K Google Ad Grant than they get from Bing and Yahoo #MCN2011. Neat!
I LOVE that music video more than any music video I have EVER seen!!!❤ I love both of u!!! (:
Delicious :) We were bottling our first-ever batch tonight (nut brown ale), but roommate broke the capper on bottle
"The system didn't like what (Salazar) was reporting," -- Philip Montez, US Commission on Civil Rights and a Salazar confidant.
Where'd that weekend go? Monday seems too soon, late on a Sunday night!
Friday flashback jam: Birdland - "Sleep With Me
he's good, but my impersonations are infinitely better haha
7 likes baby. Tag us or share our page. Everything appreciated.
do it immediately! Then you'll understand what I meant in my last tweet.
Fun stuff, you seen Avengers yet?
Let's just end it tonight boyz
great game, that was a sweet catch!
There are two types of people in this world. Those who give a damn about shoes and those who don't.
We hope to see you at tonight's CAKE. Don't think of our get togethers as stuffed shirt networking events. We like to consider them parties!
Gingrich appeals to the very worst in Americans in the name of what makes America exceptional.
RT Time to get serious about this wedding diet/exercise. 5 and a half months... Here we go!
can't wait to see you busting those 3's in that Kentucky uniform. Go Cats!!
How in the fuck is my debit card mia????
this is his iphone, this is the real austin ----> sorry if you felt I was him
wait snow?
It's from the NYTimes Sunday Review, Oct. 15th. The title is "Notes from a Dragon Mom." Heartbreaking but beautiful & important.
he's been at the park all day
lovin this sirus radio in this rental car.
it wld b interesting to see who cld do better. The people r getting tired. It's time 4 a overhaul.
can't believe my first week of law school will be midtown cocktail week. good sign or great sign?
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~ Earl of Beaconsfield
#libchat then clearly you're doing something else wrong... But what?
9:50 - getting my eye mask & travel pillah ready. Just got a rice Krispy treat the size of my head to fill me up & put me out.
#nowplaying Slight Work (Feat. Big Sean) by Wale, via WORK IT WORK IT
Lets Make Moves
do you guys have any cultural touristy things in mind for Poland, or just football?
yeah I got a new number!
Well apple sure can make a fine phone but they can't make mp3s sound any better. Maybe One day mp3s will sound like vinyl...dreaming is free
It's way too early to be up this is ridiculous.
' It's the end of the year an these hoes really showing they Ass lmao!!
: Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall
People still going on about Concords? So last year,
PLEASE mate, follow me! I aint desperate but I'm too breezy for you and want you to follow me or retweet me init
Now turn your music down and GET OFF MY LAWN!!
“If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals.”
eight more days... and counting...
Wow, you suck!
when your bestfriend is scared of your mom so he doesn't bring you your food .
"surprise and delight", y'know? :)
Thanks:) I HOPE He'll Listen To An #Angel That's Crying Out For Him:))
Peanut butter cookies, milk and Netflix. Good Sunday night.
Just saw satellite shots of the oil spill. My God...
just so your aware, I have you website scheduled to update to the new wordpress 3.3 tonight around midnight.
Henry Kissinger also in #DC tomorrow for book event. Speaking on China. Busy day for celebs in DC tomorrow!
no iTunes?
XO so ur....A GHOSTYYYYY :o o o o o o o:
Thanks to and for pointing out my new twitter obsession:
Agreed. That is awesome!
Thyme is always $6.99 per pound and the food will be ready when you get there!
First tweet! Yay!
Off to Fairhaven for research trip. Picking up Mark Twain letters for exhibition. Wanna visit Coe Hall again to see?
Dumb bitch at work thought my Hermes H buckle was Hilfiger
where can I get one?
All glory to God family. Keep bringing us that FIYA!
Strange happenings today. I'm left wondering...
:) hope the sun is shining on U :)
Oh ya RT : So tell me, it's good luck to move into a new place during the #SuperMoon, right
who agrees we should get #weloveGreyson trending!!(:
Thanks! Same to you!
“: Yeah maybe see you ” looking forward to it.
OH: I just got bitch slapped with a lolly pop!
Sometimes I look at the names of people who have had my textbooks before me and I look them up on Facebook...
you guys are so gay for each other haha
So true MT Every time a #museum publishes content only in print form, it is fundmt undermining its mission in a digital culture
I know and he is a good guy and probably went overboard but you should have never started anything, let UK fans enjoy
hate's it when businesses use social media for Spam..putting links on here that lead to browser warnings...smh
We need 20 more friends to like our page to reach 1,000! Recommend our page today and help us get 1,000 likes!
Hot new single Juelz Santana, Twin-c Vanilla SPilla, & Papoose be sure to vote for the track at coast2coast mixtapes!
Felt pretty high up riding around in Megan's Yukon Denali....love that she chose the hybrid
Happy Birthday ! I wish you many more & countless blessings for you & your family. XoXo :)
i unfollowed too bitch!!!!
Girl scout cookies for a year? You're playing with fire.
Projected movies are even boring like almost everything else in the trad/conv clasrm - provide surround sound [and loud] to pump up things.
Thanks so much! looking foward to working and sharing with you all
working on anything good tonight?
Who still says Da Bomb???
Oan: cooling watching this movie...!
help! our school's iDEC stopped working. The power button flashes yellow & red but nothing is plugged into the input. What do we do?
I feel desolate.
On my grind hope you on yours
haha hay!!! where are you gonna end up going? and yes! well, mostlikely haha idk which day, and you?
hahaha so sad I actually do see this
Pleasure meeting you guys today! I helped you at the reference desk
yes indeed! :-) Here's to trying!
Im actually kinda out of it today,,,.
Thunder, lightening, hail and now Werelemurs. All thanks to this nutty Super Moon.
RT CRACKIN' HANGOVER CURE: Amino acids in poached eggs erase the pain, says Journal of Inflammation Research.
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break
Cutting this grass <<< this lil bro job
It's a band...somewhere in/near Mt. View tonight...I'm so helpful.
Thanks for the follow! I hope all is well up in Santa Fe. Keep us in mind for for unique gifts and personal service.
Yum!! RT Elotes from the shopping cart in the hood! M!
Welcome : Thanks for RTs: happy #FF clean car?
RT : The only way to have a life is to commit to it like crazy. -Angelina Jolie
Dang woman!! You're so good at your job :)
“Facebook + Texting = Textbook. So I’m studying right?”
You rock yo.
My son learned to clap today. He won't go to sleep because he won't stop playing and clapping.
getting ready to call it a nite
When you feel incomplete when he's not around. “: Finish this tweet: You know you're in love when _________.”
Really loving the collection website. smart and clean design.
Way to go ravens!....Ok D you see what they are about, lets put the clamps down on them!
I know many of us will be attending Olivia's Instagram show opening that weekend. That's a great starting point.
thanks for the twitter follow
solid episode last night!!!
I'm in school lol
Glad they switched Sherlock's opiate addiction to a smoking addiction.
Went to set up new #Omeka install for our digital student archive on today & they go & have catastrophic outage. Not a good sign.
49 k views!! That's like 8k views yesterday...almost to 50 k. Tell your friends to watch "down" on YouTube!
Wisdom is the ability to see a situation for what it really is...
All I want in this world is a still-frame of the face Lieutenant Ilia makes in Star Trek: The Motion Picture when she's first scanned.
Staying up to watch the news and then going to bed.
Wow! Do you speak all of those languages? Appreciate the follow!
Good Morning! “If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” - Milton Berle
RT: : Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.
Whip it.
I thnk I want some cereal
kid's a winnah!
Just signed the lease for and my apartment! So stoked
RT : Cant wait for this series! RT : Just became a big Indiana #Pacers fan.
Falling asleep way too much at my conference.
yummy what kind of cookies you like?
So uh...haven't been on Twitter for a while...
People should think before the speak. Rude. Lol
marshmallow chicks
He came out as a middie/striker, transitioned to a Dmid role. Also transitioned to a bench role...
Watching the girls progressively undermine imposed game of scrabble tonight was like watching ants take over a picnic & steal all the food
Want to take a ride into the danger zone AND support active duty military? Check out Kansas City BBQ's Turkey Day event! kcbbq.net/events/
OK, how do you want to get them? Tomorrow? Perhaps you can pick them up and I can ride with you to the club if you go?
Or I might name my son Johnny .. if I have one lol
Sick as f*%#, thnx babe
Full moon this week at sunrise. Nice backdrop for an amazing time to run in Arizona. Increasing the miles and increasing speed. Let's go!
hangin out with my daddy.:)
Middle East Online
So glad Shaw is back!
Thanks for ur hard work! The East Coast appreciates you!!!
Join the brothers of #UBAKPsi in our Wii Game Night at 7pm tonight in Flint Village! Pickups are at 6:45pm in the SU Lobby!
indeed, I'm a believer! Hope the burrito biz is good
Excuse my language, but I feel like a complete asshole. A stupid one at that. Pardon me while I cry myself to sleep. Goodnight.
Thanksgiving- The holiday where we are thankful for family and friends... and then revert back to extreme capitalism the next day
Yes I am a Bitch. Beautiful intelligent tall charming and humorous.
A parade of Delorians just drove by me in Old Town.
I never understood why some women get offended by being called ma'am. It doesn't mean you're old it's a sign of respect.
CNI Closing, 2:15: Bernard Frischer, "Beyond Illustration: New Dimensions of 3D Modeling of Cultural Heritage Sites and Monuments"
totally! Is there a day in June when you're free?
iv never really watched it lol but its all iv seen on twitter today lol x
same number?
Too Cold .
Nothing to much, But umm Like 2 things first Imawesomefoo said to demote me for inacitvity when I hold 1-2 traing week
Lolol unless is hiding some!
hex yeah!!!
are you just noticing that?
if you want to
PROBABLY GOES TO MATH INSTEAD WHAT A CUTE WIZARD
hope #titans r watching. This is what a team with heart does. #texans have no chance at playoffs but play like they do.
Lot's of fun choice's for Pari's! RT : In bed watching The Simpson's and playing Modern Warfare on Playstation. ☺
Please Follow PBR_Detroit
Thx for following me new followers
I seriously cant wait till I have my own car to drive home in.
That's how we ended up with a "Sebi" ... Be careful, they stick!
Prepping for pre-Santarchy parties in D.C. Moving speakers and decorations from house to warehouse
where did u hear tht or wat website i need 2 noe !! :D
sounds like my kind of event!
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. Elbert Hubbard
Erryyone best be putting #dirtywork in their tweets. ;)
it's hot outside. i always forget how hot the summers in houston get, and this is still technically 'spring'. ugh.
May hit 115 here in Glendale Az today hot hot hot
what's your username?
"Chivalry is timeless". I love that saying, with that being said I have to get on some of the fellas.
I'll be there!
Almost summer vacation
"Be the change you wish to see in the world." You know #Gandhi, I think I will take you up on that.
I think everyone figures out what works for them eventually. It's all a journey and a process, you know?
good morning!!!
Ueah, but don't you have friends that like beer and pizza?
But the #Brewers are just 4 Ryan Braun solo homers from tying the game.
U.S. Employers added no net workers last month for the first time since February 1945.
I've been reading this book for two hours. Almost half-way through. Thank the lord Jesus for iBooks.
So stoked for June 11th when A Place Bury Strangers plays !
Fuck this(: tattoo time... Peace
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
thanks for spoiling it for me... ;)
Does your publishing company make sure ur copyrights are secure? We do! Now Accepting Affiliations for PERFORMING ARTISTS!! RT!! RT!!
I'm here to announce a secret meeting of loyal Twitter users. Operation : Safe House. Code name: #CovertTU Commencing: 01.25.11 ~
Its magic ya know...never believe its not so. Haha you're welcome and thanks for the follow suggestion!
Thanks for coming out to the show!! xoxo
Traffic is moving well at my house - made it easily from the kitchen to the coffee pot to the home office.
Lovely town! My parents used to live there in the early 90s, but not much interesting dining then.
thank bro
: So glad you agree! Also can't stand how once the movie tie-in comes out, it becomes impossible to find the original in stores...
Talk, love & respect God when you're in His presence AS WELL AS when you're not! It's the only way a relationship will grow deeper
if you enter code:lesher100 in the rep code box
hi jasmine~ good morning~ love you so much my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
just recently moved? Our boxes can be re-used for wrapping all those Christmas gifts!
tweet tweet pass
It's beautiful out!
MT Maybe as early as today but no later than Thursday Jeff Casteel will leave WVU for Arizona
I dont remember but if u search him he'll come up
Success - Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Thats why im single now...smh..
When Austin used to say " #grindsmygears " all the time(':
If I start getting 100's of resumes sent to me in boxes, I'm sending them ALL to you at CNBC, Darren.
Mexicans are smoking hot*! *pot
BLING BLONG ALL DAY LONG KIDS! come get you some!
Digitizing newsletters from the 1980s! Hard not to read them all- interesting stuff.
haha, you guys can't fall off the map now that you got big daddy Kolb. Div winner or bust
Smog test guy, "Your car passed. No problems." Me, "Really? I mean, seriously? 'Cause this car has no business passing a smog check."
imdb just taught me that Sean Connery turned down the role of Gandolf. I think LOTR dodged a bullet with that pass.
congrats Hun!!! Knew u had that
@ love you my fellow twinsie
“: , Would you support a nationwide strike in #solidarity w/Chicago teachers? In support of REAL #publiced change?”
anything is possible with #beersoup !! I promise to research it and get back to u!!
Its usually these high aggravation days that someone will post a "Why you should shoot RAW" article and send me over the edge.
did you break smodcast? haven't been able to download anything smodcast since friday. What's up?
I'm sure Undefeated was great, but it's a joke that wasn't part of that category. Def one of the best films of the year!
awww, no lie haha my friend and I were thinking of moving out to LA by next year! I'll be back soon
#PlansForTheSummer going to Thailand or Tokyo for my birthday
