Sonic Architectonic Jan 27 - Feb 18 SONIC ARCHITECTONIC is a mixed media exhibit exploring the architecture of sound in art. Some of...
#Bears D-fense ready for the #Playoffs, Offense playing like their still waiting to hear if theres going to be a lockout this year!!
I would love to ask how she got her husband to admit she's smarter than him.. in public!
I should've kissed you
Haven't come out with that first list yet, but I think he'll be around 3rd or 4th.
Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
oh that would be awesome if they did one of there world tour stops here ~^^
I did not know that John Wayne was from Waterloo?
you back in the A
I'm walking in a big Betsey Johnson show this Saturday and I CANT WAIT!!!!
i bet i could u
Love that! Don't quit!
Know anyone with #MS or #cancer? #infusions? East Village Body Shop offers 30 mins #pilates class for $30 tailored for MS & cancer pts.
My sports #mktg hw was to read an nfl article on today AKA read my daily news hah! Life's tough :/
I didn't know u guys knew each other! Lol!
have songs from The Sound of Music stuck in my head! good job guys! can't wait for tomorrow! :)
When referring to me, please use this new twitter handler, Thanks
I've taught it once. Students were engaged, but needed a *lot* of coaching in reading a graphic novel. Not natural for them.
Haircut, now off to Ballys!
as I would say to my friends who I find attractive... DAMN DADDY! bahahaha
Hi Anney!! How
You have a long way to go in Tweetdom. On a side-note, can't wait until hits 9,000+ for a "certain" quote.
I'm convinced DSW is out to ruin me.
Can't stop thinking about chocolate-covered pretzels
...dont make LUDA expose the truth u a hoeboy!!!!!!
Day 15 #Insanity fitness test, I've lost 10 inches 😁💪
if i got rid of all the "friends" that do nothing but hurt me, i'd have about 5 left. i'm getting so close to fucking dropping all of you.
Working on a guest-post about faith. So many things to talk about!
Some of the niggas that work at WalMart tho >>>
Roadside advertising - "free guns an ammunitions giveaways!"
Wishing a very Happy 15th Birthday to Cody Simpson! What do you think he's getting for his birthday?
just let it out bro.
So has everyone finished their Christmas shopping? I have a few more gifts to buy, and also have to make cookies for neighbors, too.
I'm officially the only person molalla oregon in a suit and tie.
IMing my friends on aim, btw did you make one yet?, and listening to music :D
May the 4th be with you!
I like everything aggressive. If you want my attention girl you need to take it. I dont play the chase game its 2 easy 2 get what I want.
beef n Cheddar baby!
yo I sometimes think its unprofessional to talk about smokin weed on my twitter page... but i like to keep it 100
You can't be great at a sport without being cocky at some level.
Holy shit, dude. That's all. Just holy shit.
Grand Lodge is offering a summertime event special now thru Labor Day. 10% off catering menus! Call 503.992.9530 or visit mcmenamins.com
HARRY POTTER IS MY GOD DAMN JAM!!!!!
Let's see those threes baby
uh what's up
you look sad ?
Toronto: It's like New York, but without all the stuff.
WHEN DENTISTS ATTACK: "Dentist pulls out all of her ex-boyfriend’s teeth after split" #yahoo news
Just went on a thirty foot zip line!! Oh my gosh what a rush :)
It's late...but still soo early! Happy Hour @ Fuse until 2:00 am! Run!
my Bulls. fuck !!! i hate they out S/O to the whole team
When u just want to go to bed and they just keep texting u ugh
We can provide your customers a personalized dashboard...:)
ik I moved out west so I'm way closer now. Ill text you tonight
When this went down, I immediately said, "I need to talk to Alicia Jacobs." I knew you could tell this story!
hey, nice art in the office!
Good Morning! On the way to Dallas to pick up a truck and deliver it to Joe David in Austin! Then driving home! Another Long Day! :)
Rocky bout 2 get that ass
Wine night.
It's gameday!
RT : #Aquarians hardly ever feel the wrath of jealousy. Even if they do, they'll try their hardest to never let you know it
PLEASE MARRY HIM. he seems like the perfect person.
What in heavens name is "macronutrient toxicity"?
There's a hotel there saying it's in the "heart" of Chelsea, so they obviously don't know what heart means, either.
I am always off beat with clapping
Good Morning! ^___^
Nothing's wrong with massaging your woman feet!
great article!
That should work for me. DM me when you're back in the states.
Lucksacked my shootout table despite being sick all day. Also gogogo!!
According to , 's Klout score is 51.
5 days out from the Sk3tchbook Invitational Show, Denver, CO. Delivered my paintings, just need to deliver myself 18 Nov at opening!
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
should be good for Peyton in Denver. Hope you are having a great day...its gorgeous out here in Boston.
"I just want a job where I can use my creativity, you know?" says a generation of uncreative people
Just finished P90X2 Plyocide. Cant get off the floor ouch!
hey thanks for following us check us out at jenfek.com....how is wisconsin this time of the year?
(Voltaire) Shun idleness. It is the rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals.
hell yeah!! Good Job!:]
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has the style, he has the looks, he has it all.
Hey! I'm in Philadelphia!
you get it, dude? Is say we should start a motorcycle gang...but I don't have one lol
how was the pasta? KFC was awesome!!
BidFathers hours of operation have changed to 4PM-12AM Monday thru Friday! Make sure you stop by and check out our new items up for bid!
No problem. Very nice pic of you as well. ;)
Enjoying a good local beer in
clear some space out, so we can space out
congratulations!!! and how cool are you...what a neat opportunity!
Not today, but I'm chilling now!!!
Thanks again to my amazing friends for joining me for my birthday yesterday! You are the best!!
lol are you talking about that underground concourse?
"Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak & weary"- watch the rest of the story come alive in #TheRaven, opens 4/27!...
awesome keynote, perfect and inspiring start to the day! Yeah #infoccamppdx!
Bolaris is a rock star...
But every single night i just be lying awake cause i cant get you off my mind
keeps telling me, "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing." I can't help but to notice, lol :)
#dailyfeedback Songs you think everyone knows the words to - Harry Belafonte/The Beatles/Louis Armstrong
you're welcome Beth! Have a great week sweety :)
was just talking about that with my boss. Would be good fit for us, don't want our top CB returning kicks anymore.
Lolol,guess so. ..
if you were a triangle you would be acute one (:
Caught up w/ Nick from bout new record and upcoming tour w/ fIREHOSE & their overseas dates. Read about it in
Been enjoying the holiday...hence the lack of tweeting. Hope yours is going great.
#Kentucky Final Four watch parties - Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset. Find more on our site....
yerr send the pic of the one im doing westside to my email cause its mad lil on fb idk why :/
Love the UK, and #HartOfDixie <3 two great things!
Question: Physics teacher thinking back to when she was an artist. Unconsciously using arts skills - how to make that more determined?
I remember when I didn't have my permit
read about sara Silverman's show at the paramount in austin on nov 1st. I see her point. But so disgusted by the title.
Less than two weeks until our website launch!
I don't need anyone, I fine single.
oh my god why couldn't you have been on speeders hahah thanks for reppin :)
How are you surviving with all the accounts being frozen? Full Tilt still won't let me have any of my money.
RT : Today I got my 1,000,000th Twitter follower! Now in the realm of Gods like Ashton, Bieber, Mariah, and new Dell products.
Pleasure 2 meet u, I'm checking out ur blog now, very nice work on those T-shirts.Lookng 4wrd 2possibly working w/u soon. GBU
InstaDM y'all
Lean Back....
Yeah May 22 ..You don't get out of school?
: Sorry, I still kind of suck at Twitter. I'm job hunting, and it sucks. I forgot how much it sucks, actually. How you doing?
apparently there is a variety of information about the status of the land in question. anyone have anydata?
#Rockies Moscoso gives up leadoff walk, but a wicked curve strikes out Chipper Jones and Brian McCann. Good 1st inning.
RT : The mama talk is off limits. Even Limehouse knows that. #Justified...someone tell lime house DONT piss off Raylan
16 & Pregnant? How about 18 and graduated...
is very delicious <3
I have been busy lately so no.
Artists materialize thoughts. Dream it Build it
Marlo is dumb as hell she just sounds stupid to me
going great! Kimbery Blessing is on right now. Seems very practical and reminding me that I need to know it myself:)
Thank you for the #FF :-)
sorry to hear. I've been there, it's not easy. I'll keep your family in my thoughts <3
I love dumbass costumers
Too far?
Whose babies?
I'm acting fucking weird, I apologize. I am tired as hell.
good point. Although it did smell like bacon. My apartment still #smellslikebacon! ;-)
haven't been in any hotels trashy enough to wonder that. *shrugs*
Indeed. Sounds like a good cranium-filling headphone record.
" Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you."
Show today with The Summer Set, TheDowntownFiction, and Action Item. Starts at 5, be there early!
I'm not really trying to argue about what "significant" means in this context.
Polls are closed. GO
#FF - progressive American sportswear
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it💜
RT : thanks so much for the shout out on the site!!!
Would you be my Satellite?
exciting! RT : The #media team is ramping up its efforts for Mattress Firm’s Wisconsin stores. Brand new client for us in 2012!
what's up
Thanks to Jamison Haase Learning is a never ending process, and it's remarkable learning with you.
Happy New Year Kim!! wish you the best in 2010
I lost the war on drugs cause I can't find my weed anywhere.
I never was a fan of being told what to do. But I had to learn how to keep my eyes and ears open and my MOUTH closed.
challenge him to a 3pt contest. Hes a terrible shooter.
Don't forget, buy one KoreFit, get one free! Makes a great gift this holiday season!
the first thing i saw was the '-R' & i thought of Pretty Little Liars. Lmaooo(;
In honor of our founding fathers: homemade guacamole!
auditioned for a Verizon Wireless commercial spot. Can you hear me now?
Since when is GM #1 in the world? MR. #POTUS can you not read charts and graphs?
Those crazy kids RT : Teens do crazy things. Mitt Romney bullied a Gay kid. Bristol Palin got pregnant. Trayvon Martin got murdered.
I believe you meant to write soprano sax, correct?
Omg the Lakers were called for a foul.
i mean it's not like i'll find anything nice but still
Metadata frustration has me feeling feisty! And by "feisty" I mean "fight-y." Rrrar! ps. I hate spreadsheets.
I'm watching it now, these folks ugly ass fuck. Hahahaha!
First I hit control P, it takes 12seconds for the print-box-thingie to pop up, then I hit print, then I have to walk to the.. 1/2
JaRule had a few good songs too
She fell? I'm so sorry. I hope she truly does feel better. Im glad you spent time with her. You take care of her.
okay I'm officially amazed. Kids these days are so smart.
You don't deserve the best when you're not willing to handle the worst.
And that's enough Eli. Time to change the channel.
T conductor: 'Heah's a little trivia for ya... Facebooking was created right heah in Hahvahd Square.'
Done over slept and missed class im slacking
Following #CoryBookerStories as they emerge. I can't even try to compete.
That's Schroeder's heroin, Charlie Brown.
Bulls start now plus Celtics at 7 and Lakers at 9:30. Get to Theory for Thursday night fun!
Ah hah. Mass seemed unlikely Chuck Colson territory.
Taco time?
Chicago its freezing out there!. But lets dream of the Caribbean with our Caribbean Tropic Passion Fruit Cake! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Hi! I got to Italy early! How are you luvie~
Finally rocking dual monitors at home. Makes XML and database design homework go a LOT smoother!
throwing a couple carpool parties this summer
Just opened Speaking in Tongues: The Chronicles of Babel at MPACCT Theatre in Chicago
learn from mistakes, then maybe they won't be missed takes
im wit u on tht
thank you soo much :)
I think my cat just barked
crate digging never stops. Find some for the rest of us...
The following costumed characters will be actually physically racing on the field at Twins games this season. 21st century baseballtainment.
Finally made it home for the wedding. Fingers crossed I get back to DC easy to finish up grad school!
RT : Today in Jewish History (2009) Obama becomes 1st President to attend a Seder in the White House.
This Saturday night come groove with Woodfish at The Brighton Bar in Long Branch. 9PM Showtime!
that's the worst
Wanna know the name of the craziest band ever? It rhymes with "Shmamily Shmorce Shmive" ;)
Hey Milwaukee, we're looking for your ideas. Where would you like to see us out this summer?
What do you do? ": sponsor me? lol"
Frank Francisco just went nuts!
#Photo Flashback: Scythian @ #Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009- www.theconcertstage.com/scythian2009.html
Or maybe some indian food?
uh, nope. has an open invite to ride with me. I've got an extra #road, #MTB, or
35,000 schools is a low number, historically. CWA built 40,000 schools in the 1930s. We have many more people now. And the need is no less.
Just noticed my foursquare account is linked to my twitter page,I'll have to fix that.
I am reading How The Hippies Saved Physics Science, Counterculture, and the Quantum Revival by David Kaiser. It's enjoyable and a bit funny.
Isn't it? An hour later the pic is online...just unbelievable! LOL
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Taking #Mom out to a very expensive dinner place tonight!
Hate to see the arts and other disciplines abandoned or minimized, but there is some pragmatism in these comments...
Yes. More like exchanging skills.
RT Check out the stream today and tomorrow for a great #gov20 event in DC.
Brendan league is a creeper
call me crazy, but i kinda like the new youtube layout....it's kinda cool, you can link your twitter/facebook to it!
congrats on your
We really need to crack down on this Twitter account. Hhaha
Just sent you a direct message. Logging off for the evening. Talk tomorrow.
you got a different number bro?
Listing to at #ommasocial about I have klout open right now. wow!
I start reading someone's tweet, then quit because I'm too lazy to read it..
I see what you're saying, but respectfully disagree. Apples and oranges, anyway. Will be a temporary Bayern fan next w/e though.
In #coxsackie with and
I need to find a new job where I can set my own hours. Any ideas?
Hit in the leg with a softball -___-
good seeing ya!
NOSE PIERCED!!!! wooooohooooooo :)
I just switched my cats to Wellness -grain-free food. They are much happier.
haha your my boy and it's straight cuz I know how cute you think my date was ;)
"Before You Lose Ya Brain . That Pussy Is Her's.." 6-Deuce
Imma stay up all night searching for f@#k To give.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, then to speak and remove all doubt.
Heresies define the dogma.
ever thought of doing part of your auction online? GoBuyRochester can help with that.
Thanks fire drill for messing up my shoes!!
I think template methods should be documented and their contents should do something, so raise seems like the best thing to do
Thanks me too. I'm addicted to this little lady, pics don't do justice, be warned, she like to cuddle! :)
come on RONDO..
Never stop never givin up Sweet Tweets:
ultimate athletics or twisters elite? hate this!
One more month of school, then summer!
Ppl need to learn that calling me weird doesn't effect me :b
I treat my B*tch like an ATM machine.
Congratulations on becoming the Mayor of Sacramento Association of REALTORS® (SAR) !
There is no such thing as an overnight success. It always boils down to hard work, big dreams and discipline.
From 2006-2010 the team did little to add starting pitching depth other than short term rentals & overpriced FA.
Bella Thorne is just a girl. She has talent. Therefore she became famous. Not rocket science
good day ms lady
Who wins tomorrow's morning show ratings? GMA (Obama) or Today (Howard Stern)?
Wounded Altavista Soldier Back in US - WSET
We've got a couple different herbs going, too. I'm excited about my tomatoes, haha.
I'm playing First Fridays tonight with down at Blu. Be about it.
Arizona Congresswoman Gifford shot in head in Tucson, according to "Tucson Citizen".
is fantastic. Love being able to check it in real time on my iPhone.
Pretty sure I ruined my weigh-in tomorrow by snacking tonight. Crap.
Fantastic! We'll have to get a drink and some gumbo.
#SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING.
My brother has more respect for me after I got him fruit rollups
SO STOKED! I have a new HILARIOUS AWESOME video coming out this weekend! Stay tuned, because it will make you laugh your socks off! xoxo
Send em our way ; ) RT: Whenever I see anyone with a beard I just automatically assume they are part of
You don't know you're beautiful (only when you hear that song) Lol :(
Happy Day All! So how are the New Year Resolutions doing? Cheers, LPMR
Official DWTS Retweet Favorite · Open Yes! RT Ain't no mountain high enough!
Huge THX to for the Reduce Your Use Grants for NPOs in ABQ. We can now plow energy savings back into our mission. Beautiful!
im glad you got it babe... i requested you on fb. sandra marie.
Things are looking SO bright... hello #Spring!
This week is going to be a busy one. After this week, it's all about music because we will be done with school!
B&G on mothers day>>
So I go oh on that nasty Detroit Dunk and the young lady next to me goes really!
What's awesome is that your tweet showed up right next to a tweet from about his Kickstarter. Ha!
Applied! Thanks for sharing!
I want/need to go home
For a UofL/pitino tit baby follow He has the all the excuses. #checkplease on bball season.
Group exercise classes build a sense of community and can make you look forward to hitting the gym.
Would you be available this morning to give an update on arson arrest to ? 9 am/public radio, love to have you on
We all have the spirit of warrior because sometimes we do need to stand up for ourselves and fight. Yet know the purpose of your fight.
the Big Data Utility Analytics problem will be highly optimized by the IPv6 AMR upgrade, using distributed MDM cloud...
I agree Nile! Words do have the power to both hurt and heal. I thank people for their kind words too!
where you going?
I know!!
Reminder to TUNE IN to Bentwave as Derek Marin of Subtrak drops by the studio at 7:30pm PDT! Radio Collective
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x6
How have you experienced Christ’s never-ending care for you in the last month or so?
have this dick instead, rub my balls on ur ear, dick fuk a bitch head, l o l i had to post it, Evan Wrekn and you know it
Cold weather go away, we miss having drinks on our patio!
yes and yes.
Seniors need to keep an eye for suspicious skin growths :)
Was listening earlier to the morning show and pissed about #Romney's stance on planned parenthood
Followed! Follow Back? (: xx
My daughter grad. from online school; says she is better prepared than her peers for college, re: independence, communication & deadlines.
Mangia is looking for cashiers,sandwich makers & cooks apply in person at 2556 s archer ave next to orange line no phone calls please.
Great thanks!
I can't believe my parents were lazy enough to not pick me up from school today -_-
If you're talking about the lemon cremes those were my favorite too. I didn't see them on the order form :(
If i don't like you please don't try to say hi to me. Bet money ima look at you like you stupid af and keep it pushing.
"A world class education system should call for globally connected schools"
lake town
“ There are people out there who are waiting for you to fail, make sure you disappoint them every chance you get.”
everytime I'm at the pool and my sister asks to play mermaids I think of you.
Rofl @ Jon Stewart.
Niggas playing angry birds rather than cooking!
You are right about all of us mobilizing together to defeat CA ballot measure to make elections only for the 1%.
so its not my problem,I have many friends on twitter.so idon't need you (n). :s
“ Got a nice green fat sack in this joint. #stpatricksday”
Learning path all set and ready for 2012 Philly BE Conference! T-1O days! hooray!
In need of a massage right now.
IVY: What is worrisome about publishing online? There are people who will misuse the metrics available for things like views.
i followed
Okay so tomarrow is v-day from me. I am going to tell as many people as I can that I love them. Especially the people that realy need it.(:
Midweek. A little rain. We have four words that will change that mood. Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Milkshake. There - feel better?
My pleasure.
Go tellem its a homicide
Enjoyed your book, Perfect Hair every day
Shame on you & the other Repubs 4 showing the Prez no respect & regard 4 your own rules which you swore to abide by
How on Earth did you tweak your Achilles? ... Let's see how my slightly tweaked Achilles holds up on the treadmill
Who's going to RollerJam?!
Vroom: Who do we want present? Where do we collect our research? We have the ability to address this one way or another. Focus on middlegrnd
NEXT QUESTION! <3
I really hope Activia commercials aren't an indication of the kind of lunch conversations I have to look forward to.
I Love You too big brother lol❤
And that's the end of Vargas
Steelers announced they will release him
how are you getting home ? I have to leave at 2
RT is the official bar today at the Andaz 5th Ave #mcc2012 from 11AM to 7PM come by and try a "Flight to Chile"
I'm on the midnight plane to Georgia.
Oh oh.
what are your chances like in the First District? I live in Port Richmond...need a new Congressman!!!
We'll explain why this is tonight on 13WHAM News at 6
Don't know if there was a "full moon" the night of 's Wango Tango concert performance but there certainly was 1 when he was on
true--but good stuff is out there I think--if I could only find it easily!
I called shotgun in the van for our ecology field trip and I'm making them listen to no doubt 😁
=====> Niggas like this give tha best h.......nevamind RT : I only eat the crust of cobblers
Spoke to National Weather Service. They confirmed my thoughts that #weather was not active enough to produce #mysteriousBoom. No
Wonderful news! Congrats!!
Can't watch the world cup so rented a pile of movies to shut myself in the a/c with. Any thoughts on the other guys or casino jack?
anytime. ((feb seventh new silverstein drops... makes me bounce in my chair))
We're excited too! RT : Got promoted to be team leader for new media at NGPVAN! Should be fun, and an exciting challenge!
Also, without saying much, about 75% of the questions are said assessment were way above the paygrade for this job. WTH?
Halloween is a fun holiday, one that children and adults can enjoy
Anchors aweigh fair winds and following seas my friend . God speed.
will do Bro. Hey I will be calling you about possibly leading some worship for me this summer at an event
RT : Slowly losing hope.
how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket???
": I wish it was 1:20 I want to watch the #Brewers" hell yea! Get your brooms out.
THX for your wise comments on my BLOG! You're right, it's a tough thing to go through, for everyone. THX for caring!
Ohio is a nice place I have less stress here then in Los Angeles. Must be the fast pace, smog, traffic to many ppl. What I miss overpriced
I loves me some bullet bra's!!!
Yo Price Hill trying to Set Avondale up For Failure yo gonna let them niggas do that!!!
Does BPS have a tech use policy? Can you send me the link? Or is everything just in the student handbook?
so cute
my brother is 23 shah that's my nephew
Shout out to I used my twitter name on hot 107.1
Guys: Damn you beautiful can I take you out on a date?? Me: No I have a mann. Guy: So. he can come too! Bol!
he convinced me he is arrogant, naive, out of touch with common Americans, &due to his pandering to the evangelical base, a whore
Thanks for
I'm totally doing this later.
It's 86 and sunny here in Florida
You should! Inspire everyone at Light Grey Art Lab to make art on trains!
Another day of traffic reporting. Bring it on Sunday drivers!
The island is much more scary in the morning than at night
lol no bro the one that you liked but kept ignoring
"I have a lot of things that I don't want to happen, but I can't help it" - Michael Smith ()
lmao I'm a slick talker when I want to be. Overall we were good to go haha! Love ya queerbait!
hey you should come pick me up...
!!!! :) RT : " work that body work that body make sure you don't hurt nobody."
Thank you!
430 REAL goons deep on IG!
"Champions are born, losers are made"
Thanks so much! We hope you do :)
Brother I Am Amazing!!! Its crazy how Incredible God is. How you?
I would use the term "celebrity" loosely! They were great kids!
Coming January 12 Go behind the scenes of the drama that The Hollywood Reporter calls "Exciting, smart, realistic and brilliant."
If you are a big man take notes on how well Matt Howard boxes out, crashes the boards.
When you hear something you didn't wanna hear and it just sucks the life out of you a little bit. 👎😔
Would you mind email, it may be easier. . If not just tweet back.
congratulations on the mention fro enjoy the gigantic traffic :)
RT : Greatest gift I could ever receive 4 Teacher Appreciation Week? All the 6th graders to wear deodorant for a week straight.
I agree with others. Green, Craft, etc. and how about Anthony Davis? You really think UK would be where they are without him?
*smiles* yep
“: We must create caricatures of the upper class and their infantile dependence on material comforts.”
people trying to be like you man
Listen in to the Big Ticket Country Musics next American Anthem , What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com
You think? Sounds to me like much emotional damage was inflicted, and they'll spend months, if not longer, repairing it.
This rain is cray.
Thank You for that
she's way to gorgeous!
Thats All I Really Wanna Do-Kelly
Today's tip: Get off the scale and instead measure your waist size. Waist size can be a real predictor of many disease risk factors.
notes her father the teamster and says we should put kids first.
#Sammy Haggar wishes he was #zager - did i spell that right?
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 247
they were great!
track'n down wat the HUGE crane wuz alls about at Sylvania today. maybe 4 mah new cat house???
Come in and try one of our three new refreshing drinks, Thai Basil Blueberry Lemonade, Watermelon Mint Aqua or Raspberry Orange Lemonade!
Getting a ride from 😊
Ignoring Laker fans me on purpose LOL
“ I just seen a squirrel get jumped on my 7other squirrels”} lol
Preds-VooDoo coming up at 8 p.m. on NFL Network. Preds QB Chris Leak will be making his first AFL start tonight.
I've been meaning to ask you. What happened to Common Ground in Dorchester? Is it really gone for good?
Is your home in need of repairs ?Call a contractor you can trust.At Mr.D's we provide complete home renovation services.Call Mr.D's Today !
Beautiful weather today!!!! Shame I'm headed to work
Dang this dude is bipolar. Now they grinning again smh. Oh no, she fucked up again. Plz don't let me have to stomp this dude. Too hungry.
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
Aww man and I'm limping smh
we'd love to have you at , Steve. we do presentations on the 2nd tues of every month.
Packers lose their first game of the season, Colts win their first.
Actually one is a guy.
Thanks for the follow. Do you have any cool green travel tips?
too mch rain see yu tomorrow
Operation: Learn Photoshop. Happy Monday @ the office. :)
Use the 5 whys. Ask the question 5 times to get to the root cause of something that needs to be changed, tweaked or adjusted.
Today's advice: If consuming 12 oz. of per day didn't lead to wealth in 2011, be sure to up intake to 24 oz./day in 2012.
YES! the first #bb14 promo i've seen! I know i'm late on that, but it made me super excited for july :)
Yes Officer She “Is” Underage” But It’s OK… She’s Here To Do A Report For Her Social Studies Class…
Hey Sheena, you should check out He's a killer metal guitar player.
How ironic that I post up a Bruce Pearl photo earlier, and it looks like he's ended his feud finally with Jimmy Collins of 23 years.
Momentum ROCKS!!!!
Hahahaha knew it! To much to like right here *rubbing leg* (; Lmao!!!
If you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gotten…if you want change, go after it, & make it happen.
chocolate covered bacon? just upped the brunch ante cc/
that thing didn't actually work did it?
get on Kevin!
Be sure to support the great Ron Paul!
Love being on tour with my school house peops. West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country road!
good that's what I was going for!
Machete machete machete machete
it's not good to knock others, when you have dreams yourself. you keep YOURSELF down when you ATTEMPT to keep them down as well.
Truth! - RT : Most important hire in a startup? Designer. Better if one founder is a designer.
haha no probelem, but for what??
Lone wolf Ashley
Im ready for my day. Hope class is shorter.
why thank you :)
i said all that to say....the regular season means very lil/nothing when everyone is screwed by the schedule
I just like making people smile that's all...
Fuck people and their feelings
fo sho... wait til he finds out about the mrsa :-o i'm sure that'll make him comfy.
hey babe. did you get a random voicemail? ahaha
plum upside down cake rocked our Seder and my gluten-free vegan world, equally
RT : Hate has no place where God dwells. Let LOVE rule.
Sexual frustration is no joke.
Chinoe's incense >>
Plyometrics one day and Snowboarding the next day.... OMG my body is T.D. !!!!
yes maam :) i'll email it to you!
i think i have an obsession with j biebs (: i officially have the fever! lol.
We glad you like the track "Waisted" It is much appreciated by the label
What sort of design are you looking for? We are a graphic design company.
6am is gonna come real soon!
From the archives: "July 23, 1986. I Had 2 Donuts for Breckfest + On The Way to Indiana. I Went to the Library." So little has changed.
so where does that move Kalil to? Can't imagine Browns take him. Rams won't.
Can I come on the next show??? I MISS YOU GUYS.
I'm the person people hire haha. Must be nice being handsome! Werk!
In deep thought this morning, there are some things I'm not understanding right now
100,000,000 Hoodie March was amazing. I wish I could have stayed longer. Midterms.
"No, my bake is NOT brained." -Patrick
Feel like a really big hypocrite.
signed up to volunteer for VP debate coming in fall, the world will see our tiny college host the 2 people vying for the worst job on Earth
Tune in! RT : Radio Premiere of 'REACH THE STARZ' on , Portland's #1 Hip-Hop & R&B Radio Station, on September 26th
Apparently, I'm on a poetry kick. With all these side projects, it's no wonder my book suffers so. Need to focus...
I misinformed NFL SUN works even better!!
Correction from earlier Tweet Operation "Little Girl Lost" Thank you!!
Having a great day connecting with another great #nwindiana colleague ! Always solid business advice.
it has made me aware of lil'Boozie.
thank u angie!
I hate old people so much sometimes ! :\
I'm gonna call you Christina... Christina darling...
Does anyone have a suggestion for a GPS unit that I can use in my car and off road for geocaching? Do I need two different devices?
When will there be a decrease in the cost of airline tickets? Ugh!
well i'm chris s., i got meetings galore. you may have a lot of meetings but i got much more. now for a late lunch.
no problem! :)
Today @ TASC We're in #Baltimore building on what works to #expandlearning w/ great partners like
just emailed you to find out what you know about First hand knowledge, apparently!
Wow, it appears my whole building and the trolley station next door just lost power.
Feeling's mutual! RT : Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great conversation with Gonna be a good week
Cubs get on the board only trailing by one run. 3-2 Dodgers on top. Top of the 4th.
My Ss recvd snail mail from S. Korea, Australia, UAE, and Argentina. Loved the stamps. Magical.
So angry! I cracked my screen 😡
is gonna be on #sytycd tonight, I'm excited for the show, but all I can think about is what is she gonna wear!!? lol
I don't want to see either of you in tights, lol.
Yes, I only know one brave soul there: perhaps she can shed some light on the Denver scene?
Queue a tweet from Andrew Filliponi "I don't get all the Barajas hate, I liked him all along"
I hope this a post you're actually working on MT : "my campaign to offer up healthier alternatives to the Black Keys"
is FINALLY verified!! I'm slow I know <33
#dalailama tell villegas great job on spraying crowd
Congratulations to a great person and an even better person. “: Feeling a need to celebrate :)”
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
I think that tchers can handle criticism but it's the criticism w/o other pathways 2 success that's frustrating
-yawn- tired and i called into work today like a boss
happy weekend to you, too! Just now figuring out what to do.
Gm tweeps $alute! The mind of a dreamer has strong power when used correctly.
lol weirdo shut up you liked it
Haha From my mom: If I tweeted, I'd tweet that I am so hot right now. No air condition on red line.
Fans that are brain washed get on my Mutha f****** nerves
i know right, my mums gone out!-_-
funniest thing on Colbert today: "fake states" states that don't follow the constitution! Yes, they exist! Watch Colbert
If Zynga gets into gambling, which is inevitable, do you think digital pawn shops will be a thriving business? ; - ) RT
We're more than happy to mention you and point our fair city's Tweeters to your organization.
Going blonde. :)
oh, just the Keurig...it's OK now - I just had to jiggle it a couple (four or five) times haha
of course<3
just followed u;)
So glad you've met!
Menger bar it is. What day/time for the tweet-up?
super excited about next week. being able to sing at a retreat for a week?!!! WOOH!and then the following week..CRUISE!!!.WOOH and then..idk
buy me one, too! oh, wait. Can't drink... I'll have a cupcake!
i hate S.G I do not speak English im from argentina
Kathleen Falk: "Budgets are moral documents." Nice!
LOLOL!! I like how sometimes people ask how much you paid & they say "I know someone that could do that for $50."
Have a wonderful weekend everyone! Be safe!
I'm actually not..I've never heard of her before! :) She seems cool though! :D
I'm not cute when I'm jealous. I'm just a total bitch.
Que le regalo a mi novio :O ?
in a knicks jersey like what?!?!
I'm eating lunch, so my life is great!
That's sweet! Thanks for the follow! Loving all the info and learning to use twitter
you did not tell me about this!!! exciting!!
how old is she and she get being bad from that godmommie that spoil her
RUDY, RUDY, RUDY. I could go for some pump and dump sauce right about now.
I do on occasion. I typically run a 4 mike route from Planet Fitness through Lakeshore State Park. Maybe some day next week?
I tell that hoe I did that
Um excuse me!
Check out ! FREE tool for parents/teachers! Online portfolios for dev. milestones & memories! Parents <3 love it!
Check out our new and improved website! www.socialimpactinc.org
can you try to get Bailey to follow me please! (:
#stpatricksday parties start tonight in #Boston Everyone be careful!
Jack & White show plugged in this weeks is a AND Jerry Perry Presents show! We got left out! Imagine that...
oh ok!ik it was something likke that melow stuff!dang!smh!LOL & what yu mean church sometimes...it shuld be all the time!
lol niggas photos would be sorry as hell
Okay finally posted the #bandoftheday for all of you who asked me what band I was talking about earlier :)
Justin Lin (Fast Five) will bring David Henry Hwang's CHINGLISH to the big screen.
(and your browser caches the image once you've loaded the blogpost)
love & hate relationship with Always gives me the itches... to travel.
Music is life.
Listening to ABC NEWS on Slacker Radio... The state of the world is pretty damn bad right now.
1 of my favorite rides-Gorgeous. And congrats btw!“: On the train back from NYC. Ride up the Hudson is mystic. #iloveNY”
Zona, NOLA, and Tampa are gonna be great. Pittsburgh will be smaller, but as good as it gets
New Partnership North Carolina Web Design and Development Distinx and WebPromotion.com >>> www.distinx.com "2 Thumbs Up!"
you've got to be kidding??? No? Incredible name... find me on facebook and let me know the story!
What amateur or upcoming model will be the next piece of fine art on my computer screen? Photo retouching..collages...party albums..inbox me
This week is dragging... #Christmas come soon!
Can 1 b called a Muslim who rejects Quran & Hadith? I will appreciate n honest answer cuz I m confused.
Just worked out with dolvett from the biggest loser. No big.
Twitter spats: mastered. Next benchmark: Photo that is not an egg.
self control: ON. & tonight, no iphone either.
Oh man, I'm going to watch the Matrix trilogy tonight…or the first one three times.
My vote goes to Melanie (number 3)
I've just watched the first few episodes, really like it. It weirded me out at first to see an US show with a Brit form.
People will try and find a way to connect it and make it about us.
"Lacrymosa" kept him there.
#TONIGHT presents their debut of We know EVERYONE is excited, for VIP & Guestlist Text 786.991.3945
Spending night in Racine, preparing for early AM talk about finaid & student success for senior admin team !
Dang this nigga came threw in the clutch
what im doin is extremely ratchet right now
Hey that is a great song! Check out "Lift Me Up" by The Afters. In good times and bad times, God will be there to lift us up!
hahaha u have pretty eyes(;
Yeah, saw this. Does sound like that. Dude is not big on enunciation.
Lol hes all i talk about like how does he not know!? he had miley cyrus on his plane and said nothing. so go figure:p
Glad to meet Ginny.
What is love
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed it.
I like texting with my new phone c:
so your perf wins come mostly from binding to in memory data storage, less from 0mq?
So I'm up for no reason,,, can't fall asleep,,,
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 3.
What to do meanwhile....??
2 days until our single drops! In studio right now finishing up tracking!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HURRY SHE FOLLOWS BACK GOGOGO!!
fuck green machine.
my dorm is having an event tonight. if you are in the #AUC hmu for more details
DD is doing great, He can move on and off the field
I watched the 2nd one recently on Netflix & yeah, I kinda regret watching it.
Refocused On My Goals,And Feeling The Love!,i Won't Let u Down..
fingers crossed!
Right. Cuz you know, WI actually gained 25k jobs in the past year. The liberal media is changing the
Haha! Better the Devil you know? (Also: thnx for restoring your posts. But now I'm at the start of exam week grading :-( )
I'll be tweeting about #Occupy and other W-S-politic-related stuff tonight starting at 7 p.m.! Stay tuned!
IM TIRED AF
Is Wade Phillips still the coach? Can't tell the difference.
The Butterflies In My Tummy Feel LIke The Ones I Used To Get When I Was Falling For You <3
Why did I feel like that when they just hugged they've seen each other before? Haha
yeah Vivian we all know ur the bada** of the group
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Lima - tomorrow night, 6 pm, under the red & white stripped tent - meet Mary Boykin Chesnut, southern abolitionist!
this guy with a missing eye keeps staring at me. *gulps*
does anyone have strong opinions about whether I should choose The Sound and the Fury or As I Lay Dying for an exam list? I'm uncertain
Im jus sayn YOU COULD DO BETTER :
sumthin I can go in on. Like a tupac back type beat
Best tweet of the day RT dang i misspelled awkward. thats awkward.
And then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all 😣
get a skort! I'm sure those are banned for purely aesthetic reasons.
Getting our Plone migration timeline figured out--maybe we will get most stuff done by year end?
Well i light of recent events im going to bed. Im emotionally drained and cant bear to tweet while im crying still so goodnite
Such a cool vibe at the Cheat River Festival today. A great crowd & and no rain during our set!
I saw you talking about some girl earlier. i see youre moving on lmao
RT @ teamhammerhead , let's talk about Joel McHale's hair now. I say Rogaine. <<<<<----Whatever it is, I say fab-u-lous!
I've got to admit March Madness is my favorite time of the year at this company.
Horns by Reads amazingly like a Stephen King book, which is NOT a bad thing! Must be in the genes... ;)
#iHeartColdplay west or east coast ? I DO
The academic achievement gap has grown by 40% in the last decade, says
ended up at Rock Bottom Brewery. Too many negative reviews of Safe House.
"Don't die with your music still inside you" Dr. Wayne Dyer
if H turns down the challenge who takes on taker??
hahaha about time!!
now every time it's 11:11 it makes me think of 's song. <3
Tommy L. Looks good and on way home from hospital.
Forgot laptop charger at home...
Great job today RockStar!!!
Welcome to twitter!
Long ass drive too work
Hot Club of Hulaville playing tonight @ Cafe Che Pasta. Music starts at 6PM
I wish I could rewind to this time last year and fix all the problems that shouldn't have happened 😣😭💔
The flying naked mannequins, ooh and the red velvet carousel.
The great closet douching of 2012 has begun.
You got to have The Funkasaurus Brodus Clay!!!
my dogs day are over lane.
Ok now I legit want to throw up on the ref
Sorry girls. Just got your tweets. Didn't send a DM to you. Sorry. I'm aware of the hacker and changed my pass.
ok :) let us know! We play around 8 pm
wow really hmm that sucks and do you know who won the fight ??
RT : Happy stdt "Thanks for encouraging me to go to Digigirlz. I learned so much & had a great time!" You R so welcome.
Chaz Bono's Celebrity Impersonator is addicted to sexual reassignment hormones.
": Fred Dickey and John Galo!!!" You forgot El Buffalo, the perfect place to pawn those OLD Super Bowl rings.
You, my dear have the color pink in my timeline, so I know the pretty pink coded tweets are from you :-) How de body?
Tonight, indulge with the Shredded Beef Burrito. If you want to guarantee some Shredded goodness, call us and we'll hold some for you
Have a good evening.
With at #durtynellies come support pediatric cancer and her bro at 5:30 $5 charge for cancer research
- Let us know if we can help you RT anything... we love pets!
Apparently there is an extra scene after the credits in Breaking Dawn!
Come on bring on Alcatraz
you get it too?? i have antidaephobia
unlike last year thx god
You're such a good mom to be interested in what your kids are interested in. You get excited when they get excited. Great mom!
gotta say, most people said preso from of was most suprising/exciting at Google's #bigtent event
You win some you lose some!
yeah man
obviously if you tweeted about it..
My head might explode from all the NFL signings... and now NBA trades have started, here we go.
Lebron puts up NUMBERS. Not wins. Mvp candidate? Suck my balls. So tired of that talk!
Happy Birthday to , founder of the Vans Warped Tour. Have an awesome day man, thank you for being so great to us!!
- twilight is a little "angsty-er ", I would guess. Lol.
Covenant to comply w/ laws not enough for privacy issues. Need to specify independent security standards with means to update/audit
Time for #mybootcamp in the rain. Years ago I would have been smart enough to come up with an excuse to stay home.
it's a shame. Damn shame
speaking of scenarios like this I am currently reading "Game Change" - can't put it down!
Dang! 4 Florida home runs kill #Gamecocks 8-2. FL has 11 hits to 6 for USC. Season high 10 walks allowed by Carolina pitchers. Not our best.
The 500th LIKE on Facebook gets a free 8 oz tube of Olivina Body Butter (valued at $24).
there's going to be a whole generation of children that will hear Dean Martin singing and say "That's logistics!"
Stress is my number one worst enemy.
It's early & March is wht counts so let the Gaels pour onto their floor lk they won the championship
If you liked my last tweet, you're probably 4 years old.
"You silly termite!"
Today hasn't been a good day at all
Exactly why I'm hooked, plus there's surprisingly a good joke or two an episode.
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
I'm alone in the house & I'm just screaming fangirling!! So excited!!<33
ha ha! Yes, I know :) #PSW is in Vegas (also) in Sept. Hoping to go again. Yes, I saw your blog. Great work!
BLESSED TO SEE A NEW DAY. SLEPT GOOD LAST NIGHT
Catch you later!
Can it be accepted as true. Audience believe the character. Art is not truth.
I suppose getting " #TalkTwitterToMe " to trend just isn't gonna happen... I need to get more followers to do that....
Avocado is WIN! RT : A4: Caterpillar roll! Love me some avocado!
Thanks for the follow and hope you're having a great night
The Silk Tie likes Nelson!
Beck's beer: High-stakes, high-quality #packaging #redesign coming out of Argentina
At this UPenn, Stanford, Harvard, Georgetown, and Duke presentation.. These people here seem snobby
Mark Cubin wants to do the same. Check out maverickblog
Confs at home are absolutely weird. A little too much! I remember having 2 in Denver 1 year. Ugh! But hey-- I'll buy ya a drink!
I am ready to start heading home!! Ugh So bored
Us Samanthas have way more fun
Did you see me in 's new video? (: I was on his necks (:
found out the cat was a guy -eugene
just got back from raising a little over $1,500 for Obama by spouting poetry with some friends.
second that!!!
I kinda Go over the top sometimes
The weather is sucking tonight - stay home, drink beer, listen to www.pirateradioportland.com - tonight at 9pm pacific
Finished the Steve Jobs biography. I have a new appreciation for the art of products and the necessity of focus.
It's getting chilly.... Might be a good night to warm up with a 3 Floyds Moloko!
AUSTIN CAN I HAVE A GOODNIGHT I LOVEW YOU TWEET?? **Always<3**
The Maxwell concert in ATL cannot come soon enough.
Next time they deliver the Yellow Pages, I hope they include a Super Nintendo so I'll get 2 things that haven't been relevant since the 90's
Tryingto upload the West Regon Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
Second to none.
same here :)
B-17% of moms admit they are what? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB (must be following me)
#Romeny need secret service to protect him from tnt
really verizon is dong this for ux? they should take a look at the droid or how about fios not that google is any different
I can't promise to fix all you're problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them again.
Glad you digg it Christa! :o)
Interesting that I'm absent in Bennett's talk. We really hit it off as long lost siblings in New York.
#ToMyUnbornChild me and will be the proudest parents (((;
Yep, Cubs and Brewers. What ya expect? Insane.
Its Not That Ima Different Person Im Just Making Better Chioces For Myself N Puttin Myself N Better Situations To Stay Outta Trouble.!!!
. I love your ideas! It's time to create understanding of all the garbage.
WHAT. you goober.
i forgot, my haircut is today o: so if you want, we can hang out tomorrow insteead. is that ok? :)
try looking noow love. Welcome bby. But seriously. Smile. I knoow your strong. #BELIEVE. <3
rickie is back! Yes
You Are Doing The Most -____-
Busy day ahead of me today!
Going to campus early today.... My house is like a dead zone when it comes to homework!
Upgrading to the new myspace this weekend. Be sure to check it!
Never getting up at 4a.m. Again #sleepy #lifeofaprincess 💤💤💤💤💤✈✈✈
Pell Grant recipients, learn how you can earn up to $5,000 to study abroad at the Gilman Scholarship info session, 4:30-5:30, McKinley 155
Napoleon Dynamite is so dumb..
Amen and HalleluYER!!!!!
Did you set resolutions or goals for 2012? We'd love to hear what they are!
love you!!! Are you still alive??? ;) lol
Why has my thumb still not gotten any better? ):
Is it true? Is B&N going to sell off the Nook and digital book part of their business?
is following me on twitter, I couldn't get any happier
thank you for sponsoring the Wine Down event for So many worth organizations you are supporting every month!
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it. -- Scott Eddy ()
Ahaha! you're welcome.
#oomf just called me & the guy she been wantin for months minute man! damn i bet that sucked lol!!
ooh that sucks I get of at 3... Going to Mo's party!:)
Wanna sleep but my head won't keep quiet. Out to the porch with tea I go... love the rain at night. Let's talk.
Plugging in my phone charger before it dies>>>>>
TONIGHT: Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios - Hollywood
Do you want to know a good way to fall in love? Just associate all your pleasant experiences with someone,
Thanks for the tip. I'll be getting out of work early and I should be able to make it!
damn I love that girl.
you're welcome! Thanks for the link, I'll definitely have to read up! :-)
RT : c/o : Don't make your customer do something you wouldn't do! :)
ha u look like the trailer park . Get ur right hoe im much more high class than that . U probably dont even have a job so stfu
Please don't yell, I had a rough night. Have fun b safe send photo
My mom got her a lil boo thang.. Im so happy for her !!!
I miss you too. Lol we dont talk as much :/
doesn't matter. Police officer's have wants and needs too! ;))))
What are you waiting for C.G.?
GOP probably won't allow it. The RINOs are scared of Newt.
2:00 in the am we still in the studio
What's better, hiring someone in-house to manage your company's social media or outsourcing to an agency? Why?
k let me know! Just come by and you will get some buns
I love this boy, that has hazel eyes, brown hair, lives in Miami, living his dream, sweet, sexy, my inspiration. His name is
Harpers wrist tats: "Left", "Right"
Had fun at Rachael's "friend" 4th bday party today. The kids all made their own T-shirts; Rachael's features "double dog, double rainbow."
This promo from Johnny Ace is getting me to like him more rather than hate him since I'm not a John Cena fan.
Brisk fall day today.
Gotta find time to do my March Madness brackets before 11am Thursday
lmfao! I love you too kell! :D
Is it possible to take screen shots with droids?
I always thought that Minor League baseball team gear would become trendy. There are some dope logos and graphics.
When A Bitch Try To Make me Look Stupid They End Up Makin Themselves Look Like Ah HOE
Wish I was at the #MarableConference. Someone just tweeted my mentor Ula Taylor's remarks.
I think the "new restaurant" needs a jazz guitarist or pianist...not amateur night...
Nope. I'm going to think of it when I stop trying.
yeah it's insane! I got a skirt and pants so that's prob why it was worse but yes thank god for parental assistance haha
#Architects & Design Professionals, take this #AIA Approved ONLINE CE Course in your PJ's!goo.gl/sQmVJ
See you at BIO in DC
Check that. Bin laden is dead
I don't even know you guys, but I love that she has already tweeted! Welcome Sofia! (my daughter's name too)
Bitch, my phone battery last longer than your relationships!!!! Haha dam
When you can't find your remote<<<< 📺😱
Had a blast at the movies with my daughter.
#Prettylittlethings as of wrap in mid-July is currently in post-production expected to last until late-september, mid-October.
Don't forget! Today's the last day to get 25% OFF ENTIRE ORDER by using promocode BROWNS25 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
"What the hell does #FF mean? Fist fuck fridays?" "No, that would be #F."
New Seasons better clean up their act and Sedlar better resign as a manager, or Brady won't be winning mayor after all.
Most definitely.
ditto. but the only way I'll have a life is if I move somewhere and try but I doubt that'll ever happen
Let's go
AP Comp exam today with
Anthony Shadid, two-time PulitzerPrize Ny times reporter and Uw alum, died. A tragic loss for the news-reading public.
Really irked with USTA. Don't tell me on my b-day I can't play for a tennis team.
Hi Bill, thanks for following! We met at Baylor a while ago!
o okay!
The way u look at me is different, they way u talk to me is different, the way u act around me is different.
#gameofthrones best fantasy tv show ever?
“: Dear please prepare a whisky for me. I like Elijah Craig 12 with 2 rocks. Thank you! #pdxdmc” > I'm in!
I have to move Collection G to the space where F is. But first F to E, E to D, D to C, C to B, and B to A. Problem - nowhere to put A.
Thanks much for the RT today!
#HumbleBrag RT : interesting fact about evolution: i am god
lol. im not...but you act like yu Dnt walk slow as hell eitha tho.
RT : As a designer, part of yr job desc shld B 2 talk yr client out of using Comic Sans or Arial 4 their piece.
"I led her there, when the sun drooped like a slack hammock long into the late afternoon..."
This Man Wants Jeter's Job Eduardo Nunez is driven by one goal: to someday be the everyday shortstop for the New York Yankees.
waiting on u to drop that music
Always refreshing to hear speak about the holistic design of healthy, empowering communities.
Love to read the twitter commentary when people are in the middle of watching tv shows.Tweets from the last #FlippingOut are pretty funny.
uh, unicycle?
I have the busiest schedule ever
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Coke Zero? Ping back for more info! :-)
What an incredible weekend! As believers, we are ESCAPING GRAVITY!
Sleeping tonight would be fun, but that won't happen.
When kids from Boston go to bed they don't worry about the Boogie Man. They fear Robert Andino.
#Weedman txt me and said he got that shit that be rapping about...must be his selling point..lol
congrats on all your success!
Finally out of school, graduation on thursday, got a couple jobs lined up
get your brown #84 jersey now!!!!. spoke to the steelers store they getting the jerseys in for this year
And a beautiful one it is!
Mark Sanchez courtside at MSG... chatting with Tony Soprano's sister? That deserves a screenshot, or something
if you're hating on vivian i'm unfollowing you. calling her selfish? she's actually SELFLESS.
Hiring! Looking for a contract SharePoint developer to work with our client in Hillsboro, OR. If interested, then please reply. #PDX #Sha…
that's never a bad idea. Naps >>>
#socialmediais when you read the newspaper with your friends?
*picks up jason taking him back upstairs and laying him in his crib. Smiles down at him, kisses his head, pulls his blanket up* sleep we'll
are you going to do a recap on Baby Chili? I've read some mixed reviews.
yes, not arguing with that part, but the need is largely unknown until the solution is present.
Off Thursday need to find something to do.
"hi my names heidi klockenbrink and I like to quote sponge bob and try different shampoos..."
I agree, but what do you suggest?
Google+ trends: Gmail adds image and video thumbnails to people widget
Nothing like camping in February with the Cub Scouts
Patients pays, only 3 minutes to passing.
In order to hate you actually have to care.
Thanks for the mention. Cheers!
Son Salvaje will be at Tampa Bay's HOTTEST Latin Night tonight at from 830-Midnight w/ Salsa Lessons at 9!
References to that movie were banned 2 days ago.
Batman:Arkham City is out on 18th (after NYCC but still) A B&W version of Batman/Catwoman to see all your awesome pencil work!
Thank you , for spreading the word about our guest speaker.
Goodnight! & Your welcome for going!
Getting ready to do some retail therapy!!
Just slowing down, soaking it in.... ah, there it is: electricity. It's a Breakthrough about to happen in PuertoRico
invest in a 'bump key'... won't be much of a problem for u anymore
New THings are happening....
every trip will want to make you stay longer! Enjoy the day its absolutely gorgeous outside!!!
Stop lookin at me fartnocker or else I'm gonna eat ur for lunch! Ima hungry shark bear today
With free checked bags on it perplexes me why people still bring on massive carry-ons.
Gotta have all your bases covered.
Off to Indiana to watch kick some ass.
um don't know is what true??
My voice is getting better,but not up to usual
I'm tweeting while driving cus the cop next to me is doing it too!
I bombed last nite
The Marriage Equality bill gets signed into law today. Happy Equality Day, everyone!
Welcome! RT : Good evening #BCSM Sorry Im late! We had softball/baseball games tonight!
looking forward to yours as well!
I want Hetalia on DVD for Christmas/ my birthday. So baddly.
Louis - "My best ever Christmas present was probably.. A subscription to The Fishing Magazine.."
Go back to sleep. “ Goodmorning”
Filling out this ASB application and idk what to write.
I think it may be called the "diabetic diet". Continue to keep us posted - that is when you are not in sugar coma :-)
RT : Excited as hell to go to the #OrangeBowl tomorrow with Shits gonna be off the meat rack!
I hate holidays. Happy Easter I guess!
your leaving like everyone else in my life thanks for giving me false hope that you wouldnt leave too
Go Rockets!!!
Carlos Beltran looks just like woody harrelsons girlfriend in "white men can't jump". Just saying.
Hubby called me outside to see a big 6' black snake in the backyard today. Did I really need to know about that?
“: i was born a rebel #drivebytruckers” nice!
How else would they command fear at their night jobs…running s&m clubs?
So many typos in books published these days. So true. Great question. Is electronic publishing the cause?
RT if you want my number!!!
That's a very strange series of events. Almost Barefoot Bandit-esque. Thanks for sharing.
Yes!!! 1st class DEN --> OAK :) looking forward to being home :)
oh, i need to get me one of those!
Another promising Chicago sports team's season cut short by the loss of the team's Quarterback
I'm still reading one you gave me a while back. Tremendous book.
Everything is getting smaller except for prices.
Trip is officially booked for #St.Lucia!!!
that's lovely zayn!
The surprise twist in the "agent hiring a hooker to lure athletes story" was that it was a BASEBALL agent who did it.
Haha you did so much better daughter. Obviously learned from the best ;)
“: "I should have my own movie, Life and times of a mixed American vegetarian."” I'd watch it.
SOURCE is shooting Episode Four of Freefall the Webseries!
The Spa Room is amazing!
is there a #lodlam tutorial or website that explains how to get resources from 0-60 into something usable for our efforts?
Pinterest is alot of fun, however. So much variety!
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind. Marinate on that......
Madonna's fashion collection Material Girl has been so successful the superstar has expanded the brand to include a full beauty line....
Bo Ryan doesn't redshirt anyone. The choice is the player's to redshirt. Also, Ryan is the most anti- transfer coach out there.
Need a new buddy to talk to . R/T if you do too .
"Mystery creates wonder, and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand." - Neil Armstrong
I'll give you ..... A piece of gum Socks Peanut butter ANN CLOWNS IF YOU FOLLOW
Gomes looked like he was having a seizure when attempting to catch Halladay's line drive
9 days straight going to sleep at 2am, lost an hour to DLS, and back to working at 8am today and was perfectly awake! Thanx to #Vitality!
Certainly Wacom is a trusted brand, however the tip looks a bit clunky. Is it accurate enough to sketch/write cleanly?
Woohoo! many thanks
seriously, NW was overrun by joggers yesterday! RT : Suddenly runners everywhere NW 23rd #PDX Suspect trailing zombies.
is excited to speak about data-driven solutions in financial education for Higher Ed at annual APSCU
o yeaa. Just gay.
#c21nonhuman misses you too.
cant wait 2 spend my first nite in my new place....yay!!!!
I bet somebody real happy that they found MY ten dollars on the ground -.-
Awesome! What's your book/article about?
its been since 2010 for me :(
Spent the last hours of my workday with two of the most powerful figures in my field / profession - truly an honor!
I love my , but even better is the kindness, speed and efficiency of 's customer service!
haha ya I know right!!(: just 1 click and your done, OK maybe a little time to load(:
Thnx for the RT - you guys had everybody on their feet in Louisville. See ya in Indy.
#Factorfaked comes on tonight at 9pm on #SyFy!! looking forward to it! one of my favorite shows!! bring on some more!!!
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you. ♥
April Fool's 1778 - Oliver Pollock, a New Orleans businessman, creates the dollar sign, $, by way of bad handwriting and an abbr. for pesos
beach body... #p90x in a bit ;)
watching The Guild season 3 with and I'm laughing so hard!!!!
22. #Brewers 3 #Cardinals 2 | Zack wins on the road / Axford's save streak continues / On to the West Coast.
it's because everybody is gone
. fans Monday we talk to the #MenAtWork star! If you have questions please be sure to tweet them to us!
Fear: That I'll give in before I finish my life. Dream: One day, people will care more. <3
Another book I checked out from the library is on Turkey. Such detail! Can't wait to go somewhere.
It's ADA Sunday! 10% of your purchase today will be donated to Augusta Dog Adoptions!
today is starting to feel like friday. i love holiday weekends!
Sand Volleyball Tuesday with the girls! I suck, but it's always fun
THANK YOU! Every little bit helps! You are great!!!
love that movie. Nothing phases me either. Half my movie collection is gory horror.
That's the kind of nonsense up with which I will not put!
Do you have a favorite book about the Mongol empire in the fourteenth century?
Up early thought it was a day off but getting ready to plan for next week with my mom.
Give us one word to describe your #Sukkot experience...
Put my face up in your neck and breath
That one small rally
Can over-analyzing situations be a transferable job skill? I sure hope so!
So far it's the best turnout ever for our 4th annual clothing swap! Lotz of clothes and monetary donations for
I might be taking it to a new level but I have not and will never set foot in Fort Collins!
shopping for journals...wondering who would want to know that! haha!
With the advantage of hindsight...but how do you now feel about the Withey/TRob vs Davis/Jones comparison? (Respectfully)
Calling all dc-area #foodies. Need #caterer recs for a cocktail party on May 19th.
This week's fortune cookie: "Any troubles you may have will pass very shortly." Now that's something to look forward to! But is it true?
#minneapolis--->ice road truckers
Deleting your facebook is like running away from home. Your just doing it for attention and you'll be back in an hour.
dats my dog's name :3
I'm out of town today but I'd be happy to write an email detailing a few things.
My babe is graduating in white <33
Beautiful day to sit on our patio!
Woo-hoooo!!! Love these shorts days at work.... Hello Weekend!
#twitterupdate: I just #procrastinated by #synthesizing (<--pun) an awesome new background for
How comfortable do you feel asking your doctor or pharmacist questions if you don't fully understand them?
Not Garza. I just made the same mistake, haha.
Straight To The Top Music video talks on the way, got Jenn Gittings on board now as DP with crew and Director Scott Dobbie. . Bring it!
Awe its so cute when you think I care its niggas like you that made bitches like me #swag don't hate just appreciate
I went to Stanford; they're not good at idleness there, I can assure you. Wisconsin far better (e.g. more beer).
Somebody once said "Nothing is worth more than this day!"
,gotta love kooooooolaid man
Wild Wednesday is today from 3:30-5:30. We have games and more importantly... leftover snacks from last week's Hunger Games party!
hey kailz, hows life on the mainland?! Where r u? I just saw the hunger games, without shaen ^.^
explain to me how, i shall do whatever
hey i switched it up and got a professionalish twitter =]
╠♡║Hope You're Enjoying a #Beautiful Day! ╠♡╣ A busy day for me!..Wanted to say~T.Y. For~RTs|MMs|DMs|SOs!╠♡╣ Stay Safe!
Get me a Moosejaw Tee and I'll take it to Mt. Everest base camp. Leaving in 10 days. Will take photo for you,too
i stay off hollywood
The Beatles - Within You Without You - 04:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Tuesday? I shall try to contain my excitement.
I really wanna go see
There is NO Fried Chicken University. It's a shame...a degree from there might be quite noticeable. McDonald's has a Hamburger University...
haha (; i miss that too
Thank you for the clarification. I appreciate it.
found out friend of mine got a promotion to a higher position than me @ work and Jon is being annoying
hearts beating like crazyy!
what's good bro? How you living?
#wewontworkif you're like every other fucking asshole that I've met in my life. So, basically that's every dude alive.
What makes a business suitable for factoring?low levels of debt more than 90 days overdue.
#yeahbuddy RT : thanks for the RT my california friend
Game 7. 1 goal game. #becauseItsTheCup It will be laid on the line by both teams. ILovePlayoffHockey #Rangers caps
ain't answer the phone when I called her hours ago, it's coo
about what? Lol
Poker on Thursday at 5:30 at Gary's house. Let me know. Peace!
Photography tip #1. When a director poses just for you and asks how the photo looks don't say " ehhh... average...".
Okay math. I'm gonna be an athletic trainer when the hell am i gonna need to know how to solve a freaking quadratic function?!
lol y u say that
If we had known that, having procured the cable box, we would then be required to beg Comcast to turn the horrid thing on...
#eli2011 In its analytics, Purdue ignores all data related to time. It takes some effort to log in but no effort to stay logged in.
did you get an answer?
just thinking the same thing.
Books do tend to find the precise reader they require. Trust me on this, I am a librarian.
Andreas Master winner of the Certain Death 1.1 Online Tournament
She Stupid If She Believe Me.
Food for Thought: One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.lol Have a Prosperous Day Tweeters!
Lakers have NO bench. Good lord.
what? You don't like help?.. Fine then, cause I would of...
movie doing what?
da fuq. who spells Nicole with a H.
Thank you & for your quality work with the Peak Producer program. It was an amazing experience!
Are people there all day? Only media coverage has #occupycolumbus ending at 1:00.
Did you guys get hacked? RT : Spam salad filled ravioli
Thank you fine sir that should be lots of help!
Welcome to Georgia! and Peter Konz
Yikes. Tony Picciano unloaded a full broadside against Blackboard during the plenary panel.
Good morning twitter bout 2 go 2 church and also happy mothers day
baby girl i miss you soo much come dance with me
So with there being 12 days till Christmas. Im gonna play a fun little game. I am going to tweet a Holiday Quote per day. :)
March 14, 2012 Quote of the Day "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
The one day I'm on when tweets. I tweet to him all I can and of course he doesn't even notice me!
And the Romans with the W ! 
Running a 1/2 OFF special for the event I'll be cycling for in April. 100% of session price goes to support this cause! Contact for info!
What said ;-) Thanks!
So excited to see you host again. Break a leg.
Please RT! is Bmore's newest and coolest resource. Great way to build community and repair neighborhoods!
Can't stand the smell of old people
You training for something or what? 8 mi is out of your range son ;)
Gracious God, we thank you for the sign of the cross, our enduring reminder of your relationship with us through Christ.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.  Mother Theresa
I know it's so wrong we can get crappy DSL or crappy cable, and no one else can come in cause of the monopolies set up.
People who do you wrong will soon regret
“ A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.”
lmao, i'm broke
Patsy can't resist a buttery nipple, look out Cera!
So much to remember to forget ....but u fuck everything up ur lost dumb hoe #NeverGunnaLoveYouAgain that's for sure
i turn on the radio and i hear "Hey its Austin Mahone and this is my new single 'Say Something' first played on Y100" WHAT?!?!
I once trusted you to pay me my march madness winnings. smh. RT : You guys ever had your trust breached? -- it sucks, real bad.
I just resisted the urge to post a photo of what I was eating for lunch.
bahaha!! naw girl not this time! ;) gathering again this year then??
Enjoyed it, back in Sac for now, you?
I can't wait to hear my President Barack Obama's SOUT address!
Thank you sir! RT : Happy Birthday !
I definitely love girls who wear baseball caps.
Happy Easter! Or Happy springtime Sunday whichever you prefer. What #wine are you enjoying this afternoon? Its a rose day for me, I must say
I'll let you finish, but.. is, well you know the rest..
Unscramble this spy word, reply or DM me answer, I'll DM u #CovertTU password! The word: GRATET
Slowing but surely teaching myself InDesign.
okay those are incredible
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. ~ Jack Benny
#idol - The voters made the right call this week, for sure. It should be a good finals.
I told you everyone loves us
Oh goodness! Be careful!
can't rely on myself, always leaning on the Lord n His grace
Knowing that my family is in good shape VIA Twitter is tweeterlicious
Send me a DM with your e-mail and I'll add you to the Google group.
