or even better.. left over taco day! when they gave u 3 instead of 2 ahhhahahaha
only if you write me songs about unicorns and death
yo a lady came into the limited and told me spent 400 on her eyelashes...
yes ma'am!! and you're pretty amazing yourself ;-)
We hope you all are enjoying your Thanksgiving week and our contest for FREE gear! www.UmeusCloth.com // Authentic Streetwear RT
So tired , ah
thanks for the RT regarding World History Tournament
Switched from to to listen to Pres Obama's speech at
coming for u
Not feeling this ap stats test today!! But ready to move into my new crib!!
LOVE never fails.
I love hearing the sound of #oomf voice on the other end of my phone. Makes my day :)
Tonight we say goodbye to Stay. Our favorite late night spot is closing. Join ChiIL productions tonight for one crazy goodbye!
drinking beer
Someone visit me at hofstra and keep me company..... Oh and bring some drinks :)
Yes, we sure do! Have a fantastic day. We have an amazing community, don't we?
Check out Antonia Parker Quartet Tonight I 9PM I $15 I
I should make some congratulatory phone calls after Texas' come-from-behind 1-point win at home over an unranked opponent.
So i don't give a fuck about your dumbass. You don't want me? I'll find someone that does. :) fuck you.
Why is squid word so mad?
Scotty's Lakehouse is worth the drive - especially bc Fall Creek Rd./ Geist Reservoir are amazing places to see in May.
1 - you are Australian 2 - you are a writer 3 - does your writing have an accent? 4 - that's bad American humor :)
Only appropriate song to listen to while doing #taxes... - Listening to “C.R.E.A.M.” by Wu-Tang Clan ♫
Going to Kelly's house
I just wanna break you down so badly in the worst way.
Bet RT : Meeting this week k , w/ Luq !
Hugs whatcha doin tonight,oh your probably working.Hope your evening is well
if caterers were treated like musicians, you'd hear "hey, i dont even need you guys, i could buy a crate of bagel bites for 1/10 the price!"
Hooray to both tweets. :)
I hear has elected a new board: Congrats to , , Alex! Also, and ! (-:
I ain't on it homie
Successful kid napping, I mean adult napping Happy birthday Bon Bon!
stoked to see makeup monsters on the cover this week
more than anything I feel real sorry for that boy when he hits junior high....yikes
no nigga . I'm not talkin about him . I'm talkin about YOU . you don't text ME anymore -_-
This day just gets better and better
you're not the only one feeling it! #training has been at a standstill for me since last Thursday. I miss it.
I realize I don't know most of the people I follow on twitter so some random deleting is going to start!
Even Though It Was Cold As Fyck Outside, I Still Had An Ahmazing Night With :)
oh ill do my dare ok? HA! THAT'S WHY UR PHONE'S DEAD!!!!!!
My phone is BLOWING UP WITH TEXTS THANKS TO MY TWIN
I would trade with you quicker than a _____ trades a _____. See, I can't even think of anything. I need school.
I'm so sick of these storms!.
it's also music appreciation month
SXSW / WMC - Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc. hit me up
Yippee! Congrats Toni!
To remain relevant, do not wait. Jump in. Change is almost never embraced, so stop waiting for the right time. Abdullah
idk yet.... i wanna smoke
In need of a lunch break? We're serving Colcannon Cakes- Potato Griddlecakes with Kale, Bacon, Auld Cheddar, Fried Eggs & Herb Crème Fraiche
#rt if yhu need a qrown man yhu sick and tired of lil boys we wana explore more like hot oils and sex toys !!
"Al Qaeda Attack Plans Hidden In Porn Video" #huffpost Called "Pornance Of Arabia"
Now chants for Zack Rider crowd is yelling @ WWE
I didn't know studied theater for 4 years. You better do it! So much luv and respect.
Thank you so much for your work in the #arts ! The dancers here at thank you!
Job interview today at
Buenos Dias Everyone. Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
You rock, Ms. Hancock!
Fighting sleep so I can work on this record!! *runs away from sleep* 🏃
that's what she said?
Great having the team stop by today! Really looking forward to working on some interesting projects with them in the future.
wishing you the best! You got it!!
Luch should not be smoking around people. He scares me when he's high.. And Phil scares everyone when he's tired lol
it's lame! MKE needs a facelift in some ways. I love that city to death but let's make some positive imagery!
your mom.
no!! It smells like apples! Do you smell like skunk I think yes!!
Jammin to #earthwindandfire on the way to work bo for work on a sunny Saturday
How many of you want to be in a pendulum club with me? We could compare our pendulum answers.
yeah, of course lol. :p
A Few trudge out of the darkness because they want to:) Willing to go 2 any length to stay clean & #sober! I enjoyed your
Today is a good day if you are a bear; not so much if you are not.
Where did go?! I had such high hopes for him...
I love you very much!
Thanks so much Misti! It was great meeting you! Lovin your support :))
Girls who dance make my meat hard.
rock stars always know how to make an entrance & an exit. She lived it up in between
Jus got outta court wit the baby didn't even wanna leave
new kids at Wii Gaming today Such fun to watch how everyone interacts and helps others new to the games.These same kids read books, too. =)
Thanks for the RT, Pauline! Hope you're doing well =)
But she lookin threw me
which part of Harlem your from? :)
please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :)
Terrific website refresh from NFL.com, at least aesthetically.
When asked what they want/need, women offenders most frequently say safe housing & employment.
I'm as chill as a cucumber!
Working on unpacking from #NGS2012. Then meeting for #fgs2013 this afternoon.
Can't wait for the Blackhawks game tonight! The season better not end tonight for them. Let's beat the Coyotes boys!
cuz y'all gotta wait lol
Thank you! You have been RTd!
Yes please! You rocked the Table of Truth! RT : want to return to Seattle next Thursday and be on our #hackingedu TV show?
Will, will you stop calling it down...? We got this, I think...
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Money & power is not a substitute for tenderness. Niether one will give you the feeling you want in your darkest times.
I'm all for it. Have you met ?
That remix of dropped at Veranda was sick, can't wait for more!!
How did you infer that from my comment? I specifically said Portland. This is squabble I like to avoid.
GOt a job in Washington DC. The wife and I are moving there this week so today was the last day.
Mainly the ones at my school.
I love you more today than yesterday
come on out!!! We are here at your service!!
2 WEEKS until the charity show at Hammerstein Ballroom!!! So lucky to have been invited. Can't wait!
That would work! We're finally doing something formally and I'm *really* excited to see the commitment and support
Shitty. After & 's #IWNY ladyblog panel, dude growls "Cutie" at me. After shooting him a look: "I mean, cute outfit"
i juss got these earphones && they broke already. -___-
I am almost out of boxes.....this is scary..I must have accumulated more shit in a year. Time to throw stuff away.
Only an idiot would believe that going to church justifies your wrong-doing for when you're not there.
okay darling <333
the scrabble dictionary is all kinda of jacked up, same with words with friends.
Come watch all of tonights hockey games live at www.watchnhllive.com just register and gain full access to all the links to the live games
play with ***
Thank you for the retweet!
You know you're at an #archives conference when your hotel room key is made of metal.
Whatever happened to that of wayne and santana album?
Very Soon!
Dessert. Orchard fritters, bourbon ice cream, currant coulis. Local tomatoes last 2 weeks....
graduating today ! Congrats
and where does the master find such toothbrush?
who. You daddy
he only likes it if he jumps in a puddle, he hates the rain getting in his eyes.lol
I put our names together in the search box to find the Old Us!
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. — Walter Chrysler ll RT RT
was singing new money in art class
Do you think Austin has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
yea i love u buddy
Enjoyed it Coach. It's now an annual event.
got Sunderland to finish top 10 - 100quids & 200 on #MUFC for title
A pleasure hanging with Jake Plummer this morning.
ugh i hate this computer
*sigh* , living the single life. :/
Please go to In-N -Out for me and get a #2 with grilled onions, fries well-done, and a Dr. Pepper. Thanks.
heard doors slamming then a cat crying as if it got murdered outside I'm scared I dnt know wat to do go see wat happened or stay
u go girl!! Good luck!!
Two sick boys lots of medicine for them and coffee for me
You're too sweet, Janna! And definitely, GO SPARTANS! How much did you LOVE our bowl game?! Amazing!
Is that a bad thing? It's delicious on red potatoes! RT : "dill is the working class spice"
Great work by outgoing MSCHE chair Dr. Michael Middaugh on keeping msche current, relevant, & sustainable. A great communicator!
that's right, i forgot about that. i bet he hits a home run lol
thanks! I always have a wonderful time at Gold Cup!
A2: Under Armour, Nike, and Adidas seem to have all driven some type of conversation around their new jerseys
Did she just "K" me........thts how wars starts and kids get too missing...
There is a metal bar hanging in the air. It is a gorgeous thing in its simplicity.
old school music while cleaning >>
I already miss my 1st block and twitterless destiny wilson.
He's a lot of fun. He's two years old and has blue eyes and perpetually green stained mouth lol
everything going great. Gonna have to do a collabo project with u in the near future you dig.
your making me wanna listen to waiting outside the lines<3
Congrats to Scotty Walker! Based on signatures collected for the recall election, gonna be one less public sector job in Wisconsin -- HIS.
Fun! Have a safe trip!
summer lovin had me a blast, summer lovin' happened so fast
so how are you?
more #4bmore youth leader, ambassador, and #p2p make happener
hope you have a good one. I'm going to get some seats for you guys for may 18
Happy Mothers Day to my hotness of a Wife Thank you for our 3 babies!! I love you!!
Had a difficult month
I love your twitter picture :) miss you this weekend!
i know. they betta not do it then claim they were drunk. didnt ivy slay "i'm going down."
Horrific! RT : When I die I want someone to prop my arm up out of my casket so I can high five all my friends.....
biebers about to be on MTV :))
se que :D
#birdiegang went hard tonight! Thanks to everyone who came to see Bye Bye Birdie!! 😄😄 Last show is tomorrow afternoon at 2!!
hope the Lord is blessing yall's day :))
Video goes up Monday. what did she say about her new album? when is the interview airing?
RT The forever-beautiful Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products @ the Dark Shadows! RT 4 a chance 2 win
I'd think that was cute if I hadn't been trying for an hour to get in to have reset errors :P
Thanks so much!!
happy mothers day to all the awesome, loving moms out there, including mine \o/ - and to the rotten ones: snap out of it. that is all.
Q5. As a Royal Monarch, what shall you proclaim as a Royal Holiday?
Dear Peyton Manning's neck, Go eff yourself!!!!! Sincerely, Fantasy Football Players.......
Ive got a couple dozen smokey bronze fennel seedlings that will need a home soon. They were my fav. plant of 2011 so I'm growing them 1st!
Thx WH “: Today President Obama begins an all-out push to make sure college loan rates don't double. #DontDoubleMyRate”
As you know, I'm always happy to spread the word about your fine work
Awesome sauce. Have downloaded any game apps yet?
Met w/ Amy to prep for a meeting w/ our editors & I’m now finishing up my dossier. (“Now” came out “not” when I first typed it—bad sign?)
you were my motivation during the mile run.. and a little help from
Can you download torrents? I'll send you the Pimsleur link & have you chatting "do Brasil" in 3 months.
Your as Klassy as those empty liquor bottles lined up in your kitchen!
Ok the season finale of Spartacus was incredible, just Awesome Steven deknight you are a dope writer best show on television
Feeling Good, Great, Etc., Etc...
Trying to be all cool and hip by using dried beans... News flash: they take for-fucking-ever!
lolol...u guys are a tripp
follow me
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL!!! From:Rosetta Walker in LA what a great place to live....
Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing. - Bill Cosby
ok, that sounds like router broadcast name. Router login info we don't have, unless its our equip.
Good day goofing around in the yard after wolfing down some One Kine Grindz for lunch (go there MKE tweeps)
Have a great night, and good luck with your little one!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
RT : NFL Draft and happy hour at Life is good.
I blame for my hangover 2day!? Good times last night but don't like the hang overs at all!? \m/
I'm going to Constitution Hall this evening to provide background vocals for Stephen Spielberg's "Lincoln"!
But im smart and i know how to play my cards and you can continue to live in ignorance and believe that i NEED you, causr I dont : )
I heart you :)
Back home in VT. Sing to me mother godess.
haha Doug you're so funny .
Retweet #VZWXTAB for a chance to win 2 Android tabs. Hopefully I win so I can give one to my girl for her Upcoming bday. + bluetooth stereos
Either way... I support
Mick Jagger to host Saturday Night Live
please follow me <3
All of those options on demand in one place? Now you're talking cloud or MSPs :)
Hard to tell from provided context because "one hundred and ONE HAVE" can be correct. [that zinger directed at nonfollower only 2 days late]
Hmm what's going on in this picture lol.
Time to celebrate with 2 valu meals from Taco Bell.
Good luck. Hope you settle.
What if it rains hard? Lol
I still love NY!
but your #uncontrollable!!!!! We could do the 3ssssss
the same research that says 40 min periods OS the optimum time to.learn anything. PD reinforces this notion. Go figure
Don't follow me just 2 unfollow me! That shit is DUMB!!! You've been unfollowed too :-)
This is so cute!!!!! I have to start reading history, too!!!!
I got hoes in different area codes.
Welcome, catwoman. than your owners for letting you talk through the computer. Meow.
I still love my blackberry..... Best phone for business...
gotta be rock n roll music if you wanna dance with me
*goes to check that out*
Yeah, I'm playing Wolfenstein 3D… and it is… awesome!
": Lolol I have some friends would like u! RT : Born A Scunt, Die A Scunt....A Muda-Scunt" - U Know How I Stay loll
The last day of the year 2011!
Did you ask questions? I'd be scared to tip our hand. Seems like it wouldn't benefit anyone especially the client.
Are you kidding me?
add Celebrity Apprentice 2 that mix & we're on! Rachel Khoo nvr tweeted me back :( I dont think she liked being called a "babe"
wtf is that
that was no quake... it was the founding fathers rolling over in their graves at the stupidity of tea-party infection in DC
Edcafes include food, right?
there's a karma police joke in there somewhere... ;-)
“: aw your so sweet 😊 #loveyou” love you too 😚
#schoolmemories going "outside for class" but really doing whatever & our teacher gave us ice cream!
how fun! We just bought and are beginning the always fun moving process today!
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on tdm KC and Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play?
ouch. aa just kicked a guy out of 1st to accommodate my upgrade. (backstory - he had upgraded and left his family in coach. karma?)
If you like someone, #SaySomethin before someone else does.
Soory couldnt resist on that on
;) RT : thanks for the heads up!
thanks for the update! looking forward to it.
is that common for kitties?
Gah! I want to be running right now, but shin splits hurt!
Is that an official sub-brand of feminism? Because if its not, it should be.
Omg I love sam....like screaming causes hes so cute!
Unitarian support of religious establishment in Massachusetts in 1832 not just a default position
Philip Humber pitching against the Red Sox tonight, will he pitch yet another perfect game? What do you think?
You guys think that band 10 Inches of Blood found their name after visiting a sorority house whose times of the month had synced up?
xoxoxo i hate you lol say tht to someone on their birthday card haha
Hey guys ! :D
*Waves back* Hiya, how are you? :)
You're welcome :) XoX ♥ And thank you for the follow back :)
SAME. so you should DM me about that poster.
Sorry Tony, the Colts will complete the run at 0-16 and Luck is on their side.
DUH welcome to 2012
just because someone made it father than you, doesn't mean they're better than you.
Is giving a ball
I kinda like it. sure puts voter apathy in a different light.
One should wonder why The European Union doesn't force Greece out of the union. Like in the USA, the people w/$ pay for the non producers!
leave Jammie Fox Alone whats the deal with this Cirus chick ? why is the media compairing him to Imus Jamme is not a racist he is just funny
put your foot down!
F*** havin a Dip, I only want Him, nobody else <3
aye sis share me on instagram n stuff gotta get these followers up^^^^^
feels like poooooooooooooppppppp thank god there's no school tomorrow ^__^
can't wait to go to UK :)
Morning Twitter.
I want starbucks tomorrw morning but i dnt have time to go buy one :(
All the way hunty !
that word disgusts me. You know I would never say that.
Got a Barnes & nobles gift card for Xmas, going to use it tonight, any book suggestions?
The key element to maximizing a sales price is to expose it to the largest audience of buyers
Wearing my sister's shorts. Someone's getting an ass whoopin'.
Not playing da race card if troy Davis was white he still b alive
yes! I was just thinking that!
papa johns keeps sending me mail for "pizza mania" but I still have like a week until my mood shifts out of "pizza depression"
15 and I'm just really stressed.
New Sherlock in May! RT : Second of the modern "Sherlock" on KPBS San Diego tomorrow.
The Texas Rangers
A rig I have been using today. Works very well so far. Will post some clips tonight.
The translation of a German review for 'Das Luftballonfest' by Carolyn Haywood describes the book as 'project[ing] much optimism."
So guys, Tonya Harding or Nancy Kerrigan? Am I right fellas?
I'm just saying...
Watching Zimmerman bail hearing. Crazy.
I think you just summed up all of Joss Whedon's work in a single tweet.
Does this weather make everybody cranky or is it just me
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
Wind-chills in the teens & 20s this AM. Blustery & cool. HIGH: 50. RED FLAG WARNING: High brush fire risk today. Wind: NW 10-25 MPH
“: basketball wives should just be called past basketball wives because #swear everyone is divorced from their bball player”
Fans take note, after today the future of the #vikings in mn is in the hands of the speaker and majority leader.
they rep both NY and CT based talents.
Shahs to drop Anchor's oral care portfolio; Emami close to buying toothpaste brand - Economic Times
Anyone have tips on drawing sexy people? Gotta draw some Beefcakes, and I don't want it to look like they're drawn by a 12 year old.
Package also included solar book light he bought as surprise 4 me. If wasn't afraid of certain tumblr, I'd use sarcastic hashtag.
I haven't read it yet either. It's now become a point of pride.
Great conversation with Lisa Ehlke today about What a great agency environment!
hopefully the thunder loose hahaha
Watching Grease, and realizing I did this show freshman year and now it's senior year.
Follow me I will follow u...vise versa....
Congrats Ryan Braun! How lucky is Wisco to have guys like Braun and ARodg as the future of our teams?
Time for Dale to race his way in
As a public service, the Golden Globe red carpet show will be aired without audio.
Happy Mother's day to Kate Hudson.
omg I'm watching them on Nick right now! I still cry.
BRAND NEW EFFIN VERSE OF THE WEEK UP NOW!!! I went in over Rack City!!! You know what it is!!!! M.E.A.N. Armada!!
i love the playoffs more than march madness
in other words, Actual Larry Summers
Not giving up...
famousquotes: why are you trying hard to fit in? When you were born to stand out!
How about #www.workforbooks.com#www.workforbooks.com#www.workforbooks.com? Still nothing? Where's the Twitter manual? I need a Glossary!
we only have salads because we "have" to as a downtown lunch spot. No healthy salads here...
Do you have the best of both worlds Gusgus?
lol, that's his money babe
1st birthday treat of the day McDonalds Coffee...I'm addicted and loving it!
Remember that song that goes 'Push, push in the bush!'. I've been quilting all night and keep singing 'Stitch, stitch in the ditch!'
tell money I'm in the jean suit and grey uptowns
Happy Earth Day. Turn it Green. Beautiful sunny AM in Chicago.
Whoa, totally right! RT . is really killing it tonight with his tweets
Still up
always a good time for Tribe
No! That's awesome. Are you both in Pleasant Hill?
and play tomorrow night at at 10pm. If u care about ur children, then youll be there. We have comps!!
Also Will Farrell speaking Spanish The entire time in a movie. That sounds ridiculous! Apparently it's a parody of Mexican films.
Why is he out of bed????
awww thank you ! I haven't heard that in a long time <3
#NYC come out to Gallerybar NYC for some dirty house music from
"your patron privileges have expired." sad words from the library of my most recent alma mater.
I have to pretend to grade papers for tomorrow's workshop, so I'm replicating conditions by drinking and going without sleep.
interesting model - i haven't seen this curated idea digitally with books - but i don't see publishing here. am i missing something?
is bringing the sexy
I did. Thanks
The viking of disapproval is looking in your direction.
There is nothing noble about being superior to some other man. The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
Aaaaannnndddd I'm there!!!
Calgary for about a month..
no. Holding down the home front. You'll have to cheer him on for me. :)
excited nasa langley is embracing social technology!
You know better than that. Remember what happens to this team in close games.
haha fuck yeah this shows funny as hell !
#Breakfast didn't fill me up, what's a good #midmorning #snack?
What do you do at Universal?
At Politic365 reception in DC listening to parents of #TrayvonMartin speak about justice for their son.
Remaining tickets available at the door tonight, 7:30pm, $18!!! Don't miss this show!!!
Yep, that's the one Derek and I went to the meeting about. :(
I checked your daily top story two words sums it up interesting & awesome!
“When u face adversity, u need to remind yourself that whatever is trying to defeat u could... be what God will use to promote u.”-J. O.
give me 3 more!
i look high today.
Spanish trip to justo lamas concert with Spanish club....
Have fun!
RT #quote 'just because lots of people like your status' doesn't mean you have lots of friends'
that's everyday. Not the last day Of school.
Sounds beautiful. Kudos to the singers, director, and architect! cc
That awkward moment when you find out your school has ticks...
puppy coddles???
Celebrity Apprentice's Paul Teutul is the man! His other show kind of makes him out to be a dick. Senior FTW.
The christmas music has begun!!
Food poverty affects American seniors
you make a great Franki, but ur an even better Rick!
Lol lol RT : you and the outfit you had on in your last video!...m :-)
Wow - The avg. American takes in the same quantity of information per year as it took our ancestors 100 years to absorb in the 17th century
of course! VIP for the Orlando, FL show 8/2. Bought VIP just to meet YOU. =)
nothing better than being in the gym by myself.. just me the ball and the court.. i miss the game
i punish myself by not eating
Ships worldwide! W.TheArtPlant.com
Yep if you are gonna be ridiculous & want people fired at least have the sense to go all the way.
I have plans Thursday, bummer. I'm planning on the next You?
YES OMG PLZ
Went to to play some #poker and meet up with who's in town. He ended up on the business end of #quads on 1-2 NL. Aiya!!
Spanish homework:/
B_TCH EVERYONE IS GOING TO KNOW UR LAST NAME
#thingsthataresexy Girls with a hobby, chuck's, blue eyes and dark hair, vampire fans, being pale, angst without a cause, me, you, us, them.
Damn son RT : Mexican cornbread, fried pork chops, cabbage, macaroni, rice and yams. stop it. #good eating
If we get to 3000 likes by the may 18 show we will release a special acoustic song for your pleasure.
Awww Mitch Lucker I love your hair! It's adorable(: it looks very nice <3 :]
2 students have been working in Hollywood for only 6 months...shot with Michael Jordan and Salma Hayek!
I gave up and am having a blast
see you there soon!
#celebrating USA's independence with homework, #bbq, #fireworks, and oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies. , these ones ROCK!
Hi Lisa, did you see the post on Facebook? If not, everything will be cleared up by Wednesday! Thank you for your patience!
Thanks for all of your insights Joseph!! Our connection alone has already amped up abilities. Connections made. Thank you!!
New nomination formula, eh? They're thinking Bridemaids? Seriously?
Which is why one should strive to be out in front. :)
I'm sayin, I'm sick of sitting at home. I'm tryin to go hambone
hey I'm gonna come over soon! I wanna see the puppy!
come see us for brunch! Yum. Mimosas!
Here's to the Directioners who don't just love the boys by only using their eyes, but also their ears and hearts.
cant wait for the game in a few weeks.... Til then it's time for
Not having to know what others are saying about you is an accomplishment that few people achieve. Be secure in who you are.
thanks, pal!
Watching #Win Ben Stein's Money and looking up the rules to legally change my middle name in Stockholm. #Benjamin #Batman #Conner ?
The Mariners & Tacoma Rainiers (A) were combined 1-for-56 yesterday (.018) Congratulations to Luis Jimenez, who had a single for Tacoma
no it's not you, it's me
Wait a minute - - I'm not busy. I am having a bed day. I can veg out on video games and documentaries. *Whoa*. haha
's country version of Mr. Know It All. #winning!
yes, downtown on the peninsula, was thinking king st grill
Build jumps in a field!!!:)
sweatergod...developed a mid range now niggas can't tell me shit
Thanks for your blog post about Kirby and referring to our Facebook page! We appreciate you telling his story!
you loved it and we all know it! ;)
And So To Bed hearts the Design District in Dallas
Does a Dothraki love his horse? Love that show. Great episode last night.
I can see why ESPN would not as it contradicts the "facts" to their original story, but why JS?
Hookah with the best friends!
S/O to City Year Milwaukee's Executive Director follow him!!!!!
What part of "express lane" do you not understand lady!?
hey bitch, yeah you. I found your nose. It was in my business again.
Best friend from fourth grade became a grandmother yesterday. Ho-hum.
Just totally different - what had Hillary done to answer the 3am phone call? It was a baseless charge. This isn't.
There's no such thing as quitting. Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses. Alan Moor
We R asking leaders in the fields of #sped, #autism and #behavior to #answer your #questions. Who would you like to hear from? What topic?
There is a Caps contingent about 20 strong standing along the glass on the Caps' end during warm-ups. Plenty of red here tonight.
I'm such an asshole
feeling all the fresh love, thanks for joining!!! :D
Shooting video at the #fedramp industry day at #gsa. Good crowd
hey babe. I wanna make up for all the calls you made. Skype?
I have no idea why I been listenin to this song all day, 
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDNESDAY: This film, out this Fri, was shot & takes place in Ohio, about a man getting a second chance in life. UHAKTOCCBA
Aww if it wasnt for work i would have gone with the guys. Miss bj and gio
All female. Just a lil split personality disorder!
Yup, already up on ITunes!
I i #appreciate you guys! RT : Great lunch!! Looking forward to the follow up ... thanks again Saif
HEY GROW UP!
We got Hamilton Co covered. Indy or surrounding, sure, we can rotate :) Want to email me?
Oh Bones, how I've missed you.
God fucking damn.. is it too much to ask to catch a fucking break?
You think I would know how to spell can I blame auto correct? Must be the water I'm drinking
I wonder what former players will be announced tomorrow as part of the Cougar Legends Weekend?
Its still day time over here.
Girl I'm not gon break yo party heart
Wouldn't be relevant if he hadn't said throughout 3000 years of recorded history marriage has ALWAYS been one man one woman
he is gonna win <3
you and me both
ill wear it every Tuesday (;
lol. Redman must be a huge fan od the Bristol Renisance Fair
No 2: the sound of someone clipping their nails.
Always hearing of new engagements! Especially during the holidays! Call to start your wedding ideas.
New cider will be available next week. Please email Jonathan through the website to reserve your case.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ♥ love
thanks for the mention
Well, that does makes sense.
Soon to be #Coyotes Stanley Cups=1. Winnipeg Jets=0
bahahaha whitewalls.... forgot about that
Delta Air Lines unit to buy Trainer refinery south of Philadelphia to produce jet fuel for operations at LaGuardia and JFK.
Thanks! MT : Forester Rick Butler to plant dogwood, talk about tree planting at MOC-Appomattox for Arbor Day 2012. 4/27 at 1 PM
Thank you for all the love & support of our bands music and the
: Sure, but be prepared to receive pixs of my elementary school on Kadena AFB. And Okinawan slugs.
Scratch that, Saturday at 11pm
My UNiverse will Never be the Same, I'm Glad You Came, I'm Glad You Came!
Help us reach the 1000 follower milestone! RT or lend a
Also bought a pair of red pumps!
how are you gonna talk shit on my brother when my family isn't the one that abandoned me. at least he doesn't deny me.
Been good about not worrying this Lent (fine thru DH's campaign, money stress, etc.). But now our dog is sick. Hard not to worry.
I bet when I didn't show up u had dat I eat ass face lol jp
Airlift Medivac to Kodiac Air Base
Might be time to turn on the air-conditioner....
... Pouha says as far as DeVito's starting status with Coples here: "He's always there when you need him."
It is! Believe it or not, I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena. But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideoutv:)
lol nope..i was writing
Allen allen .! Gregory:-)
Lindsey buckingham on right now. This dude can write and perform a hell of a song.
Let's get 10 likes on this and we'll show you some new merch.
RT : W&M #Democrats joined by 2 Republicans voted against transportation jobs bill that says won’t create jobs
Good Morning!
I'm just a little ray of sunshine. RT That tweet has already ruined my weekend.
which bus??
When people say you've changed take it as a compliment, changing is a part of life. If you're staying the same you're not really living
A valiant first effort!
I've been throwing hands in the hills my whole life
Or buy the Lana del Ray handbag?
send us a vocal video to us so we can see what you got!
Finding it near impossible to maintain relationships with old business contacts, partners and friends while on the road 4.5 days a week.
IT'S ONLY 10 O'CLOCK... WE'VE GOT ALL NIGHT
Both of my girls r gone, bout finish cookin 4 this party, then relax !!!!
I wonder how much popcorn will be sold over the course of #hungergames opening weekend.
Shindig #Tarot is the worlds first videochat service with a virtual reading room and online decks! Try us out at www.shindigtarot.com now.
i dont even know his name, but he's in wrestling and hes always walking with me :b
GTL. RT : What time do you think Rep. John Boehner got his spray tan today?
RT : Wake up! It'll take more than an obnoxious alarm clock to wake up those sleepy email subscribers. Reactivate them...
If you are a woman who looks like Danny Devito atleaaaast have a
It's here!!! Come see #TheLittleBlackTruck at #SactoMoFo!! We are here from 11-6 today!!!
Searching for inspiration. Anyone got any good tips or tricks?
AAAARRRGH!!! Another iPhone ruined by my chronic stigmata. I'm so sick of this!
That's my favorite quote. :)
If you're into subtle humor, you must see Sordid Lives ~ hilarious!
Happy 1st Day of Spring!!
We'll be at 's BizExpo on Thursday at the Potawatomi Bingo Casino Expo Center. Will you? Stop by booth 508 and say hi!
I hate you sometimes.
happy birthday Ralph Tresvant!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter Sunday!! :-)
Happy Labor Day! Sadly I'll be laboring until 10pm tonight.
": I had DeCastro going No. 11" So why did drop so much?
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 34
I put on my Nike Lunarlon running shoes today for the first time in forever. Why don't I wear these more often??
i dont think that talking is my first language
you would....
LeBron missed not 1 but TWO free throws under 40 seconds hhahhahah ...
Celebrating 1 yr anniversary using interactive touchscreens in sales offices! Blossom Grove in Carlsbad, CA kicked it off!
glad to hear i was part of the "good" part of the day :P
so happy today was the last day of new york state testing
Can't We Go On a Date First Before You Ask Me To Fuck You.
#HappyGirl “: Some things make me sad. Vodka isn't one of them.”
yeah I know, awww.
Jamming your finger with fake nails on is probably the equivalent to giving birth
lol of course
Received today: a gorgeous letter from !
oh I didn't know they scored before that, I just turned it on haha
Off and running at
Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador. Stay tuned for some updates.
LOUD NOISES!!
thanks girl!!
well Silverstein did cover Kanye's song
It does but I am making changes and the future is bright :)
RT My last tweet was Waffle House viral video. Best music video ever
Love u btw! Just wanted 2 know where u got ur bracelets u were wearing w ryan furn shopping?
damn right ill come visit!
Friday is the best day.
where's it at?
really sorry to hear that. Did we make flight on time? Next time in Baltimore give us call for free ride. BaltTService
Aw, thanks.
yep i have a stalker...
Completely agree, shame
Christ you know it ain't easy!!!!
Please check your email- team needs your specific client update, as we discussed at the afternoon meeting. Will you send asap?
Derek fisher ulgy a'f for that shot -_-
your tweets are definitely making my day!
With my boyfriend watching TV, hella full he took me out to eat :)
Mayor Soglin says, " We are going to win."
just finished 80 thank you emails....fingers sore! No pain no gain :)
All them ladies in one spot working tha strip pole gotta open "BossHog Gentlemens Club". Lol
dominate today bloodbrother! Headshot those rain drops make them your bitch!
#thevoice Blake your wife is such a sweetie and you are blessed to have her
Too bad you don't see you are a tool in his/her tool box =\
Need wristbands for the weekend? If you're in #ATL stop by our office & pick up any standard style wristband @ 1369 Spring St before 5:30pm!
Good Night(: I love you..
Silly just as I expected
Thanks for the RT
Friends in Costa Rica call "Dead Mau Five". I think it's brilliant.
I am as adept to smelling bullshit as a shark is to smelling a drop of blood in the water.Keep your story straight. Be mindful of your words
A healthy digital economy?: Naturally there is the 'public good' in the wider sense of clearly positive externalities for the public ...
hey, do you know when you guys are gonna post the vid of our acoustic show?
Extremely bored :/
On my way to #TacoBel bitches.
how is brian i have not heard from him in forever? I still hate fl
RT : “You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – Les Brown
Thanks for the RT!
#skol is the fight song. Go get that 1st down then get a touchdown. Rock em', sock em' fight fight fight!
Hey hun! I've missed you! Been super busy trying to get my life together. Hope all is well with you and yours!
Whitney Mercilus, I like that.
already miss the season, can't wait for draft and next season
in his coin purse?
did u say u wil see it or u cant see it
$3 merchandise Hellfire Sale going on right now! See facebook for details.
I dont care as long as I am out of NC!!! Surprise me. Can't wait!!!
How are all my twitter followers doing?
lol Bruh come to fuckin tampa and lets get some business started
Breaking News: Metta World Peace has been suspended for 7 games... and Middle East Peace has been suspended for 2,000 years!
Going to Evil Dead: The Musical tonight and sitting just behind the "splatter zone." Yum.
you are so welcome! We love that you let us be a part of making you look and feel Beautiful!
it was my coworker's sandwich. He tried to act like he liked it. He was lying. They should call it the "no meat sandwich."
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 15
haha holy shit my bad bro
Travel + Leisure Magazine released 2011 World’s Best Awards today naming Blackberry Farm #1 Resort in the Continental US & Canada
As I travel through life I been learning alot about myself oh well I'm startin to accept it good and bad
Not to say it's not good but...when will I finish this Stephen King novel?
:( Are you doing any better?
#WorstRapLineEver : " racked up shawty , chain bout fawty , came in wit 1 bitch , came out with fawty ." - French Montana
that is a very unique guess! Thanks for playing!
Why is it so hard to find other people who design email?
Passed by a Harley dealership on the road from NY to DC. Thinking of you. Could have used Stacy in NYC this week ;)
Your very welcome! Where you from bro? :)
yes! you goin?
Life is getting so much better
Duly noted re: Farmhouse... I think Julie is out now but I'll see that she holds the tix for you two....
That's What's Up!! I'm leaving the yo now heading to the house.. Hit me up when u free..
heck no teleporting is my superpower
Volvo&#39;s &#39;mean green&#39; truck breaks two world speed records - Auto ...
I can duel, but I always seem to melt my pot. I am Seamus.
You don't become happy by pursuing happiness. You become happy by living a life that means something.
Stank nasty funk for us Bassaholics...play Wayman!
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Jean Anouilh
Take that, Mike Smith.
don't you love producing documents no one reads? (that's my main "real life" job)
Join Bernice L. McFadden as she hosts #Blacklitchat tonight at 9PM EST
Jeanette Velasquez: Truth is... It takes more than gettin hit by an SUV to take this chick down! ;)
I'll regret saying this one day, but right now, I'm ready to just move out. Ish around here is getting ridiculous.
Last thing the Cowboys need is an injury prone defensive back.
Taking a solo road trip to Santa Cruz today. I'm excited to get out of the city.
I hate asking people for a #followback ... I feel like if I'm asking for their fucking life and soul.
Kik me I'm about to send it to you
Sarah Weeks gets rousing applause @ Scholastic brunch for making her pie crusts from scratch.
the headline writers are paid in DickerBucks, redeemable throughout NY
This lady is really cool...she should stop kissing me so much in public though...i hardly know her
Not to worry! You just caught the 2nd half of my reader-response take on the Strawberry Shortcake song. But thanks!
I was hoping you would do it for me!
The principle of life is that life responds by corresponding; your life becomes the thing you have decided it shall be
Really?:]I love september!(:
I LIKE ME A DEEP THINKER..
Happy Holidays to all my artistic friends!!! Wishing you all the very best for 2012.
NYPL is doing a write a letter to your politician for funds...
Well, I guess I wanna work where my 289 followers work. Only 1 #reteeet on my punching someone at work tweet.
Is your annual dinner actually on St. Patrick's Day? Do those of Irish heritage get in for free? Erin Go Bragh!
Let's Go Celtics!
British thermal unit
Tears may mean more than a smile ... Smile because we are all in a row, and the tears just because of those we love ...
"One minute, they're having a Denver omelet, the next, they've got a gun in their face".
i dont understand what i did/do wrong .
Wow... I didn't know there were restrictions on that... Has it ever happened to you?
Food fight about broke out!
What did she drop on the court?
Thanks for the RTs, and !
congrats. Wish I was there to celebrate with you all.
#UXdesign is fascinating.
The RangersFanZone is a Royal Wedding Free Zone! Talk about the Rangers, not about Price Charles and Camilla
Looks like I will have an extra room in Cancun for August 8-12th at Moon Palace. Anyone interested before I turn it back in?
Planning to >> hiya! : Are you going to join our #REOnline chat?
Make Mothers' Day extra special- join your friends at the Cultural Center for a wonderful dinner. Only $13.95 pp. Purchase tickets at www...
(Abraham Lincoln) You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
Thanks for the invite ladies!!!
Realtors & Lenders... Help your clients save money on insurance and be better protected while filling up your gas tank on us... Call me for…
Happy Birthday!
Schedule's a shitshow but I want to see you. DM me when you're free this week and lets queer out together grrrrl
At the track about to put in work before it rain
very good point, cans do allow for much cooler design.
Sorry to have missed y'all!
and don't forget a business-oriented lawyer to leverage inevitable legal fees!
She looked at me and said who the fuck are you?
Only charge that bitch one and that's all lol
Come to The Bakken this Saturday and check out our groovy Halloween-themed Super Science Activity! More info at www.thebakken.org!
oh u so sweet cuddles xx
I don't have too many tabs open, I have too many windows with too many tabs open. Can't even keep up with bookmarking things to read later!
1st Georgia Bulldog finally comes off the board, OT Cordy Glenn #41 overall, joins USC's Stephon Gilmore in Buffalo
Got a spifftastic pumpkin today.Carving it tomorrow! I'm terrible at carving the faces. hahaha. night :D It's like 1:14 AM so G'Morning -.-
it pains me to type important documents in Times New Roman
I love The Fray, but what the hell is this?
What other social networking sights can i link my twitter with? Please help.
#idontlike when ppl wanna be other ppl getnya own shyt
Are people positive the Red Sox players that were drinking in the clubhouse were NOT pitching that day?
No single but I'm not for sure
Girls=(time)(money). Time=Money. therefore Girls=(money)(money)=money². Since money = √(all Evil). Then Girls=(√evil)²
wrapped around your finger
Surprise of the week: Fourth Kind was a really good movie.
only sometimes. Only sometimes.
hey! What u up here for??
RT : From the settings of #MobileBay #LikeTreesWalking written by #AMustRead //thanks pat white!
If you've already been in this morning, you've already had this deliciousness:
Maybe for I'm just nothing, but for me he's my everything
People who hate you when they don't even know you
AAAAGGHHHH! My mom woke me up because she thought it was 6:45 am. But it was really 5:45 am! FML...
Guys you are my favourite band when I was 7, now too :)
the guitar you did for was amazing! Love you both!<3
Umm...Yeah... I think Im going to leave it at just you but...thanks. Rock on Tiger!
wassup with that show?
you're not weird at all....
Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
From Ben to me haha FWD: pick me at 320 or else
So I was about to go to bed and tweeted that he had a new song. Way better than sleep.
like me on Fbook so I can track you and get you the final record, thanks!!
I am a grown man. Do not tell me what to do.
you a madden guy?
#SOCIALITES SOIREE pt 1 #BarberandBeautyEvent l THIS SUN l pool l Food l Bar l Canary & Cream Edition l #NEWEDITION tix giveaway
Great show last night!!! The AJO and our Honor Band kids take the stage tonight!! Come to the ABQ Museum (Old Town) @ 7pm!!!!
Dont mistake it arent doing it for fame or fortune we do this #ForTheLoveOfMusic! Rest are perks!
Though Europe's plains are crushed with chains /As every tyrant wills /Yet Freedom's light is flashing bright /Along Helvetia's hills!(1850)
Fill in the blank: Can’t wait to knock _____ off of my bucket list!
food coma <3
this is just the start.
I'm not confused as to who I am. When I step into the shower I know who God created me to be. And no surgery can change
Oh my Gosh. You Rebel. ;D
DOing the pirate thing for Halloween tonight !
Off to kill off some headache by doing some 360 gaming. Text me if u need me, might take me a while and might not answer just depends.
true story!
rock it today!
Jarod says texting is aggressive!
so ur predicting Kimi will win the Spanish GP!
Green Tip: Laundry Detergent; 1 cup soap flakes, 1/2 cup washing soda, 1/2 cup Borax.
frankie don't get enough love, he might be small man, but he has some big balls and even bigger heart!! #retweet!!!
Well I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.-_-
Man Kansas City Airport has the stupidest gate and security setup I have ever seen.
Saw titanic in real 3D everyone was crying even me:) thats what i call true love!!!!:)
I think my toes are gonna fall off. It's beyond cold in this lib bur
I start losing it at about week 3 on the road.... must get to bed tonight. Wake me up for the free hotel breakfast.
wish I lived in like anywhere in america so I could atleast go and see yhuu and valentines day!Ah please come to uk and follow
. Was just browsing your website and your macarons are gorgeous!
Oh please ..
Done. :) Blah any SD visits soon that we can reconnect? It HAS been too long. Miss you girls, mucho.
Ok ok the siren means bad weather---tornado's no threat....exhale
Then i shall kill you in your sleep
We look forward to your visit! RT : I'll stop in! (after the holidaycraze)
Got the evacuation order for my building moments after stocking up at the store. #Irene is on my sh*t list
Headed to Rancho Cucamonga today! (insert Tarzan yell here)
There's a great story waiting to be written about how #Twins became so bad so fast--from division champs to '62 Mets in less than two years
Carrie, you have a problem haha
Thank you :)
It's days like this @ the barn I'm greatful for having a 2nd job that's indoors. :P
thanks, Ethan! Btw, how was your trip to Memphis?
#NSMN panel: #NFLPA threat of decertification creates wild west in player representation. Ride 'em
Thanks for checking it out! Can't wait to see Little in orange and brown. Go #Browns!
BEAUTIFUL RUINS by Jess Walter.Great read. Such an amazingly diverse author.
by michele i mean michael silverblatt silly spell check. also do you like to tell stories in front of people? or paper better?
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
lawlzzzz but on the real, I'm thinking about coming to Eugene for a weekend before i leave. Is it tight?
We've updated the Colors in Motion client page to include their latest "Touchstone." Take a moment out of your busy day to relax:...
hates the end of the year...too many projects due at the same time #cantwaittillsummerthough!
Meet Norma from Chula Vista: Norma told me she was supporting me because I dedicated the last 2 year to putting over 500 people back to...
tell me about it. this is crazy!
They say hate is the air so I hold ma breath til ma face turn purple
#Cypress #CyFairTourney ? ..RT : Fresh out of church right to the gym, the life of a coach....
I just put "available on netflix" in an essay
YAY FOR THE ALTHERR'S GETTING THE JEROME GRAND HOTEL RE-OPENED:) THROUGH TWO LONG DREADFULL COURT DATES, WE HAVE FINALLY REACHED A FAIR ...
Thanks! It's a great project for a good cause.
LOVE THE PICK!
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. - Aesop
That "look" makes it all worthwhile...
Now watching Friday no Senses for me tonight just finna eat and pour up #peachcirco my favorite
It sure was cold at my gig tonight.If they can pay for a band, why can't they pay for some heat.
Getting on a party bus!
Ok, educate me. What are ways to empower tchrs to drive coaching support?
always a good thing
I hope you guys have a great day. I love you.
Oh !! I Will Keep You Company :) LOL
LOL - my 3 yo daughter asked me if she could play with my dolls (we made miniatures of a boardroom meeting for commercial I shot for Dell).
Good Morning Twitter!!!
Haah , Yeah . Not very fond of Jenny . She osnt even that pretty , either .
Ask the candidates what they think about the National Defense Authorization Act.
Okay so I finished mowing, cooled off a bit. Now to shower & shop! Oh and get lunch, I'm hungry.
Don't we all? RT : With food I remove stress caused by overeating and fear of getting fat.
Did you know you can subscribe to an RSS feed of our News, too? Just click the RSS feed button at the top by Library News!
Min hands down. HOF QB going against team of 16 years. As a season ticket holder I don't know if I can even watch ...
Like V.O. narration or extensive flashbacks, I figure I'm not good enough yet for quotes. :)
#dh11 Suggests open-sourcing (and documenting) source code; Google has similar policies.
If you're tweeting about celebrating 420.... Chances are you're not doing shit with your life
#FF again because she's an inspiration - personally and business wise :)
try Ink on Hawthorne for bfast!
to find a suitable replacement and get him/her tight with the band before we play another show. BUT the good news is when
need to go get groceries for this cheesecake im making on saturday. its gunna be blue!
Before we condemn the Saints for the bounty program, I would like to know if there were any more injuries versus the rest of the NFL.
also might need your awesome input in...inspiring teen engagement w/ art? Know anything about that? :)
damn what you do ?
Women: Can't live with them, can't bury them in the back yard without the neighbours seeing.
You're so right, Tai. She's an amazing woman! See you at Nationals?
They're playing a sweet pandora Irish punk mix at the Grasshopper in downtown West Bend this morning.
yes it's 11:30 AM here ;) and in your country?? I don't know, i don't have any plans yet.. What did u do today??
they gone be like , we need the big come .. nappyness everywhere lmbo
Everything would be so much easier if I wasn't so broke.
Optimistic: I love the advise and support I receive from my makeshift family The greatest thing I have ever done!
Watch Science Channel, Enjoy Firefly, your welcome.
Trying to go to sleep
#RealNiggas walk in class late, and leave early!
thanks love!
#cobnob Reggie Watts just killed it! Great voice, super creative..hillarious..
Healthy? like how?
Mucho gracious for the RT & mentions
You dont have to love me, you don't even have to like me. But you will respect me.
There is a punk rock burrito joint in York, PA and I just met the proprietors. If you're ever in the area...
Obviously, I'm totally cool with Dallas parting with Newman this off-season. Lack of secondary depth be damned.
RT : Thank you Messrs. Fleisher and Kalish for an unforgettably inspiring concert this evening
Interesting stuff. He teases Batista, which would be awesome, but it's a swerve of some sort for sure.
Today my choir teacher said to follow your dreams, I already follow you so please follow me?<3 xx
Eiji, Jesus, Elan, Pho, Javier, Erik, Aaron, and of course, Wayne. Sasa's bar has many personalities and it seems everyone has a favorite..
LOVE that show. I agree.. Makes me nervous, and I want to surrender my passport..
in 50-55 stores and will be in dunhams sporting goods next month but easiest
To be honest i don't want to pay for them
I'm looking forward to it!
Just saw Dark Shadows. It was a very good movie.
Carbon monoxide detectors saves lives..
everything is goin gr8 over here!
not sure of the exact day, but do it soon! Deadline is coming up I'm sure!
the funny thing is, it WILL all work out in the end. we will live in star trek. next generation of course. the bald guy is cooler
- Thanks for the shout out on this
I wish I could go back to being a kid..
About to go hard do understand and know I coming hard.
I need to stop cursing, oh the fuck am I kidding?
Great to meet !
yayyyy must talk!!!!
That free sampler is pretty good though. I'll take free music from I Call Fives and Handguns any day
Boys Are Stupid, They Break Hearts And Can't Make Up Their Mind.
- What station at what time???
Northeastern friends: Stop by the Curry Center tomorrow from 10am-2pm to chat with Jorge Nowalski, our Pres & Academic Director, about ICDS!
Batista Sees U.S. Meat Prices Rising by Year End (Port).
Visit www.thecoupondeal.com to find deals and also place deals, or offer free advertising for the next three months
Waiting to be seen for my fifth audition of the day... Have I mentioned I love my card lately?
Our fascination of and awe for the Chinese makes me think of Latin Europe circa 900 CE towards the incoming Arabs: the sexy people...
mm.,? yhu display ya stuff by commenting
that's what I do. Lol
Cold enough to drift, Snow blows horizontally - Carolina pines.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett
Job opening @ SECCA: weekend and after-hours position. Send a cover letter and resume to by 5pm Aug. 29. No calls.
Well Good Night Beautiful people. I'll be back
": So does that money just go to Michael Jackson's estate?"does Jackson have the rights to all songs?
GOD MORNING WELL ALMOST AFTERNOON FROM #TEAMYCB ... CAN WE GET SOME #RVA LOVE
Excellent. Well if you need help with promoting and distributing your music we provide that for independent artists.
Economy appears to have gone soft, which *could* have been caused by fast fuel $ rises which *could* have been caushed by Iran rehtoric
he can't go until every half-truth and flat out falsehood has been spoken.
is my idol
I always found the student drivers to be a little more unsympathetic and erratic.
These bruises are gonna be very very visible tomorrow
When it is time, in life and in art...we harvest.
Thinkin' of a master plan...
let da nina talk to a nigga..take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga
Can't an aging hipster get money anymore?!
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Robert "Hey! Watch It or I'll Suck Your Cock" Brown.
did i hear someone say fuck i wanna do it hahahahah
can anyone explain to me what Twitter Jail is? I feel like an idiot for not knowing
This last few weeks of school are a joke. Cant wait for the weekend.
Sweet! Let me know when you're up! Are are you still thinking June?
New twitter background =)
The ^caret should be used in some way in social media.
TBBC moving up.
Starships were meant to fly <3
Check out our new song SWALLOW THE WORDS OF THE WISE!! on facebook now!!
Welcome new followers! Go to 3bet.us to enter our Float the Turn contest. Grand Prize: 1 hour of private coaching with !
Dead Is-Land???
Good to see Team Assassin bak on the grind,
well I'm special
Young and beautiful with
I think the DeMaio TP viz not saving $$ is "shift risk". That is, City is powerless to keep from raiding pension & Sdcers sux.
I need more followers someone hook me the fuk up plz...
I guess the only time I really feel the need to complain about something is when I am forced to be idle.
Our Father took what was meant for my harm, and turned it into something GRREAT for me and those who favor me! How about that? Praise him!
Twice. Once on ESPN3, once on ESPNU.
OH DELANIE! OH I LOVE YOU HOAR!
CHEA's 2011 Annual Conference and International Seminar will be held January 24-27, 2011 at the Marriott Hotel Washington in Washington DC.
it's so funny how often that's the case!
Such a pretty day!!
Do you know what a Dirty Sanchez is? VOTE NOW by replying to us with #yes or
I'm so bored too.And I'm really sad! Q :(
The best grad speech I ever heard was by fmr. CBS VP Fred Friendly at Emerson College, '88.
What's the hour right now in the UK?
i think i'll pass on ladies night, cuddlin up with my bebe.
Need a little peace after a hectic day? Check the upcoming Pray the Seasons by Art Gafke. Read a little or read a lot. You'll feel better.
don't forget equal parts white vinegar to your baking soda!
Oh nice! RT : Good news: Chicago Laugh Factory set to open in former Lakeshore Theatre space in early summer.
Do you think our roof is gonna blow off today?
I just woke up, but hopefully (2 hours later) I'm not too late =/ it's Jayson
“: After the Seniors leave... I must say Holt won't be the same #weirdfeeling” I will be a senior next year.... WHAT ABOUT ME
Before becoming a recording artist, Chuck Berry studied to be a hairdresser- InSpotter app
"Rock Stars on God' vol I & II have some intriguing...and way entertaining...interviews. Good job, DVP.
Not literally, I hope! Come back to us sometime! :P
Hey all of my mb followers
tell us, how is this done?!
beautiful shot. But what's that floating in the water?
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf your mom still pays all of your bills. And calls you every day. So basically...I just recently grew up haha
Watching #anidiotabroad marathon on science chanel, amazing
Please can I get a RT. Thanks so much Hulk.
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) x
follow up lets film
There is no better place to be than up on a stage!! Workin on new music new shows CANT WAIT!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label?
Hi! I'm good. Haircut and packing this weekend. Such fun. What about you?
Happy #easter Seattle.
Sen Finance members deep in weeds of poss economic impact of tax holiday.
I hope I get back </3
I think I'll wear the blue jean outfit this wkend. Dude had moves too.
forgetting that you have a beard while eating a powder donut has its repercussions...
So awesome to see the cast doing a full run on the set!
don't say that! Eagles will know you're missing a step and you'll be replaced!
the only way to fail at #ds106 is to not do it. :-) Formal class at UMW is wrapping up right now, but you can jump in anytime!
well I hope you find a good doc that will actually help you so you don't have to go so much lol
avengers imax :D
I think we all do. RT I always feel a little bit better about myself when former professional athletes get fat.
Did you know that less than 10percent of AmLaw250 have a sales person?
#Yankees win.
Apparently I don't tweet enough. Ha!
"God will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain."
Also may be playing the acoustic for the first time at a show. New moves to bust out for the Breaks lol
haha I thought that too...
The biggest soccer game in Premiership history is on right now. #ESPNAlert #ManU v ManCity.
yezzzir! U ready!!!
#Obama2012 yes yes yes yes yes! Everyone has to register & vote. Got to give POTUS
Does the guy next to me need to sit with his legs 5 ft apart? Youre invading my space & lets face it, you're probably not that big
oh you poor baby,lol
The hardest button to button? Hatttttttteeeee yyyoooouuuuuu!-!!!!!!!
as a recent student making edtech apps, I totally agree with this!
I had a great time and thought provoking discussion during my session at #DF11 Hope you all got something out of it, I sure did. Thanx.
I will get my back dimples pierced if it's that last thing I do.
tired af bt I gotta get this money
agreed. The Oriole GM job is career suicide. But their are only 32 GM jobs available in MLB
Idc I'm not ready to get my hair done any way;
I am infatuated by this one girl;] aha
Sittin @ wakemed its only 3ppl here so I should b n & out, I should of gotten some breakfast lol
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
listening to strangefolk on walk home; great way to calm down after long day
Id hire her! tomorrow!
Nothing beats knocking the car out of gear while asleep. Whoops.
That moment when your dog suddenly sits up and stares intently at nothing for like 30 seconds. Pretty sure now that my house is haunted.
"We have to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams," Charity Tilleman-Dick
Flynn still visiting Seattle?
my kind of weather..
haha sorry I wanted to graduate high school!
what a receptive audience we had tonight too. Thanks for sharing tonights moments with us and coming to the show!
Lol We Won(:
put a muthafuckin candle on my back and baby blow it [;
Judy Gold is in tonight's show. She's a hoot.
today was fun :) and the concert yesterday was absolutely amazing!!! it was my first concert :D
BEEN wondering why APPLE is dropping GOOGLE map's...
Lunch Break today Crab Cake Sub with fried onions, lettuces, tomato's, hot peppers, and old bay, french fries and side of cole slaw,
I wonder if the invasive spread of rainbow trout all over the world is not behind the frogs' disappearance?
boy, i hope i'm drunk soon.
happy mothers day!!!!!
hello to you as well
AMPED!!!! LETS WORKOUT!!!
I used to try to check back on MySpace once a week to make sure I wasn't missing anything. Now it's once a month. Sad.
thanks for following us!
Last day to get $55 per month for LIFE is this Saturday, October 31st! Get 2 modems, one for the home & one for mobile. Or 2 mobiles! DM me
M not too much I guess. Are you excited ffor Ari's album coming soon? ♥
Oh I like them! Aren't they playing 7th Street Entry sometime soon?
I'm bigger than my body gives me credit for... -john mayer.. it describes me perfect
Negative emotions are just sensations of the body, they aren't the boss of powerful you.
coloring and playing with clay!
I have 5 bags of beads,but i'm too impacient to make kandi rn.
Way past time my friend...
I see you.
Um. I misspoke. Today's crazy is brought to you by the two large crazy men who just got in a fight over... Who would father my children.
My head hurts...I need a nurse! Who wants to be my nurse!
I'm mostly exploring right now.. I don't have a specific purpose in mind-- I've been checking out some of the map viz tools
The Expo in Chicago is less than 3 weeks away! Super excited to see all the latest sweets!
we are looking to blow out the brand. we're brand new and have very little working capital but can work out something creative..
Thanks for the follow! Muito obrigado
Lol, I came very close to doing so. RT I would have put the 'Rapper' part in quotation marks.
i wanna meet the iconic boyz ss BADLY!!!!!
Jen let's be honest.....you're probably right....
dont blame me..i said Boise St. SHOULD have been included....but they wont be...maybe now in the Big East tho
better than a Pearl necklace
There's a very good reason why no one ever refers to the as "rapid" transit.
Hahaha this might be true : When a girl tells you to 'Have fun.' it means she want's you to have a horrible time without her..."
Lol Girl Boo.! Tell Me Who.?
Listening to Congressman Kissell speak at Uptown Democratic Forum. Jobs jobs jobs!
who ion
When that one person runs for the bus cause they late makes me laugh.
thanks!! Follow me now
Are you home in Memphis yet?
May go to cheesecake factory in oak brook this week
that means he bout to speak for 15 more minutes. Lol
If we leave a church or relationship resentful & embittered, we will enter the next with the same attitude..(See John 20:23)
What lesson is teachers' fake sick-ins teaching? I'd like to be a student in Wisconsin, would be nice to have a few free sick days up sleeve
Great to see you last Tuesday! Thanks for you time :)
We opened at 4:30. What better way to wind down your weekend than making a list of what you'll do this week while sipping your favorite?
#ohmygawd this song #release by something something..0mg i forgot the name of the band..is #stuckinmyhead gaaaaaah! xD great song btw
Any thoughts on living in San Francisco's Excelsior District? Anyone?
thanks, it was a big relief. Michele was on my committee, which was great; loved her questions. a few tweaks, then library submit!
Does anyone want to go to the movies tonight? Im bored! Lol
National Sugar cookie day YUM
well fuck that
Really enjoyed the film. Congrats to everyone involved in the production.
New Obsession- cleaning my fridge handle with a magic eraser.
lol, YOU WISH. ;D
I keep stumbling on THE BOOK THIEF and thinking it looks interesting, but so far haven't succumbed.
Love more then those who love u.. if nt wats the point of love when its nt spread around
aha , what did i get for mines ? But Happy Birthday tho(:
hanks 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of "There Never Will be Another You" and "How High The Moon" this week. Aloha MN!!
O.o
ah,missed your convo about FAUST! My tip: see live HD broadcasts. All closeups, you hardly notice the production!
roger that & right back atchya. sincerest thanks for your kindness, friendship, couches to sleep on, and books to expand my mind!
My Bestfriend Aunt & Mom Is Cool As Fuck ! ♥
Like Nixon in '68, he has a "secret" plan on immigration. If he told it, it wouldn't be a secret.
Getting ready for the DC/MD/VA Book Buzz on Monday Oct 17 and anticipating the Spring titles the publishers will surely highlight!
Yep I know how to treat my women I'm I straight up mamas boy lol :)
Don't forget Creighton Men's Soccer vs Minnesota Stars pro team this Sunday at noon. At Omaha South HS!
heyy will u follow me back(:
Guy on 7th is trying to hail a cab by waving like he is Mickey Mouse in Disneyworld. No one's stopping. They think he's psychotic.
Thank you! Hope you're having a great day.
D3 still only half downloaded and now I need to update my graphics card. These are labors of love
How ever did you know?! :D
Gigs are in the pipeline. Sept 2nd, Oct 4th, August to be determined.
Carrie Diaries looks fun, Cult looks wild/unpredictable, lots of good + new shows coming this Fall
So, Milwaukee friends. How crazy was the rain last night? Any major flooding?
her hand is Bleeding D': :)ILYShawty<3
Dont get lost in your "current" circumstance and give up the fight...#victory comes in all shapes and sizes
good luck Bogie
Made in USA!
Happy Earth Day have a great weekend!
Unhappy your first start of the year is against one of my two teams. Can I root for a 1-0 Cubs win?
for the follow
How old are you and the sister
The storm over Columbia County heading into Dodge county looking pretty healthy. Hail is likely. Watch out Randolph and Fox Lake.
check usd out for the best in custom apparel and Varsityjackets at www.varsityjackets09.com
Jesus Christ!!!!!!! No one picks up there phone when you need them most D:<
If they didn't get the compensatory pick for Tex going to NY would they have drafted Trout? I assume yes but was curious
You may be correct on that. You're a mutualist?
Instead I said what I always say, which is, "I don't want to." On the bright side, it's better than the unsolicited fro-touching.
Tonight...mastering what we know...and making it work every time!
Me too! Let's hope they have it stored somewhere and it will magically appear
Palisoc says it's ok at Synergy not to have a suit at interview, but dress conservatively. Students wear ties, so...
Playing lisence plate game with my brother."Flordia! Ha i win!" "Washington X4! Ha!" "We live in Washington.." "No." "We live in narnia!"
Sit yo $5 ass down before I make change lmao
Thanks for RTing - hope you are well, AM!
hey there, wanted to follow up since the event is getting close...which wines are u choosing to "show off"? :)
Jonah Peretti : Not all content you create will go viral, some might be duds. You have to make lots of content and see what works.
"For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD. "(Isaiah 55:8)
Watched "High Fidelity" for the umpteenth time. Still amazed at how the movie gets being a guy/music fan/Chicagoan right.
AND NOT ONE NEWS media is talking about this. why not? where are the legal eagles out here? how is this OK?
I'm done getting cute for this city ... You can catch me in some leggings and a jacket
We made pancakes last night. I like that shit.
It is what it is....
Thanks again for the excellent hospitality last night at ! Do you have a Bloody Mary delivery service? HaHa!
you heard us pass ? Lmao just now
I just wilted mid-afternoon, but I'm feeling better today. Hopefully, or will tweet my preso.
Massive TiVo fail (the killing s2e01)
You have to have a dream and then find a way to accomplish it
Chinese guy had 7 cracks at putting his bag in the overhead. American stewardess snapped, cursed god, grabbed the bag & shoved it in
I LOVED "The Artist" - what a wonderful gift of a movie!!
For the next two months I'll be up studying Late into the next morning for the
this, omg yes
glad to be part of the many fans of what is a great show.
Whenever I heat something up in the microwave I try to see how much stuff I can do before the time runs out. It never ends up being much.
Thanks, autocorrect, for teaching me that "mouth breather" is actually two words.
thanks for your forebearance! May I get the cue sheet for the Ansley "Go West" route?
Faith is what is left when all your beliefs have been blown to hell. -Ram Dass
just made your kale chips - delicious :-) xoxo
