Final draft for the book report is due tomorrow I FORGOT
Mom's Day is Sunday! Send her a dozen roses or 20 tulips from for $19.95.
Seriously people, you should be listening RT : Connie Chung is one serious good sport. Ep 11 of is out now!
Starting the day off at the candy company! Please stop me before I spend all my money.... :X
Hope you're having a great day La Salita Nation!!!
Today, July 31 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | 1960's Pirate Radio DJ, Larry Steinman | GO: latalkradio.com | Ch. 1
Echoes a lot of my thoughts, too. Thank you!
“: Ready to for 7 on 7 Monday”
I guess being in a band obligates one to use twitter...still don't see the appeal, but here I am hahaha...
FUCK YOU OBAMA, U PROMISED TO BRING OUR TROOPS HOME AND DIDNT...YOU DONT KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE TO BE AWAY FROM YOUR CHILDREM FOR THIS LONG
I was that baby that cried all the time.
hahahaha ya so true
Changing Baltimore from "The Wire" to wireless-- yes!
Go Spurs Go!!!
magic it only a allushion
judy & johnny just walked through the door
Louisiana Circumstance College Tigers Football Gamers Ingested in ...
Last night was quite epic. How epic, you ask?....
At the pool wit my niece bri n my son skyi they a trip they sucker me everytime lol they re so cute cant say no
okay I did NOT give them permission to do that! -J
Talking to a friend who manages a business. He said he asks for Facebook passwords before hiring. I've read about this. Getting more common?
I love winter weather in the spring!!
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Norfolk State
#nowplaying Peace Train, Cat Stevens
GetReady...BIG THINGS ARE COMING...
“: It's available after the show, be patient we're almost there! ”. Thank you
cause you can get free stuff :) lol and I recently became a site model and umm could use a jump start think you could help meh?
Calling all Chicago fitness enthusiasts! Rogers Park bootcamp sessions starting soon -- email for details! :0
I'm starving. 😣
so excited for movie night tomorrow <3
We are some lucky mofo's sometimes
Fund for OK family hit by tornado, this is tough. 15 mo old son died, one son is missing, pregnant mom and daughter are in surgery today.
Only 5 shopping days left!!! Hit "LIKE" if you're already DONE! Hit "Share" if you want to remind your friends to get you something!
Between This movie and the topic of these text messages <<< bad enough this movie has me feeling some type of way
hello Kent. Have a fine day.
man. Germond and Whitcover, a Balt Sun classic! good call
Dear girls,Wanna see someone pretty? Look in a magazine. Wanna see someone beautiful? Look in the mirror.
OpenEdition is proposing a model for free access to content in HTML with paid access to downloadable content in PDF or ePUB
HI Paul, thanks 4 following me. Let discuss oppritunites for us to collaborate ~ Tony
don't be mean to pokey !
Will do :)
Show me that smile again. (Show me that smile).
One casualty so far today is the illusion that everything is OK the way it is.
Rep. Paul Ryan enters GOP convention to the song "The Boys Are Back in Town."
Last Chance to come Grab George Clinton on Strain of the day!!! Super head Sativa with a sweet skunky flavor!!!
A bird pooped on me today. Jamie used his jacket to get it out of my hair. He thought it was funny. I did not.
hey good luck today bud!
Cathartic weeding of garden.
😒 bashir think he funny.
The Octopus of Antwerp and Other Cold War Maps: Critical Cartographies I
lmao not even the job yet :P
you are about 1 mile from me right now. Hehe
Hey-oh!
If you could please follow & DM us any additional details so we can look into this further for you. ^CH
This is the most phenomenal tweet I have ever seen.
Love, Love, LOVE your video. Creative. Super-cute. Great example of how to use social media for fundraising & advocacy!
"My teenage son may crash my car, but I'll still love him. Kinda like that w #Farm #Bill." - Mark Muller
I don't want no parts of what's goin on outside. Miss me.
No prob.... just get with me so I can get them from you before our next event on Memorial Day... Let's make it happen...
I LOVE YOU. THAT'S RIGHT, YOU!
i need chu right now are u down to listen to me 2 many drinks have been givin 2 me
tonight at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar is going to be sexy.
yes, I've been checking in all day. Not sharing on twitter.
happy to have you!
Nah, it's just there's been trouble crop up with our house buying/selling. I try to keep a high ground w/ my public complaining.
Uhh, heading to school today, i really dont wanna :/
Thank you, Dr. Adam Winsler, for joining us at our Board Meeting this morning. You provided all of us with some very valuable information!
You rock! Saw your premieres this eveining and you are wonderful!
yeah... I just learner all of there full names
January Friday the 13th 2012 cryptic ninja records return to the stage undefeated sports bar the only details so far toxic ty and krazy k
3rd strike on deck
yes it is. Documentary or fiction
Lol no worries. It's dope.
OH!! :P Feel better!!
Western Sydney cares about global warming. Rising sea levels bring the boats closer.
nice, I've been looking too because they refuse to issue me my librarian card until I get a pair
You're my boy Blue! : do you think KFC is still open? (watched it last night too) lol”
#PrimaySchoolMemories when nobody's mom, grandma, or great-grandpa had a Facebook.
tell Eddie I need a shoutout!
Valentine's Day in Chicago! Win dinner for 2 at BOKA, stay at the details...>> http:/fb.com/UrbanTurfChicago
love Joyce!
So sorry to hear it :(
I resisted the urge to buy the new iPad.
We've got our tickets for the #megamillions lotto. How about you?
I took care of it
Congrats to model & actress on making a good impression at #grownups2 casting
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy meet their expectations of you
Times r pretty hard, fucked a couple broads, pulled some purple out the jar
I wish he didn't trust me so much/I think you really trust me too much--BOBBY WOMACK
WOOHOO!!!! Also we need to convince my lightner to have another get together so we can actually go!
#followfriday In-house deal hunters part 2:
Thank you for following ! Look forward to sharing!
Life is variable. - Plautus
At the party for (live music & vintage burlesque videos ftw)
they spelled organisations with a S! Also, are you still stateside? I owe you a farewell beer.
Reading applications: If you cannot be bothered to use punctuation & spell check, I cannot be bothered to read your resume.
Thanks for the #FF love!
"Life's too short to even care at all..." Agree?
Omg not cool... I will flip a million times haha too many damn air heads
The Heat CEO's DJs taking over Yogies tonight
8 Padres in a row strike out and 7 of those SO were on balls OUT OF THE ZONE
you might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app to hone your typing skills before your meeting.
oh you cute non-Texan. A Kolache is actually a German pastry stuffed with meat & cheese that some Houstonians eat daily.
I've got to the point in life where it's no longer, "If it's too loud, you're too old." I'm at, "If it's too quiet, then you're too young."
you have beautiful eyes
Thinking about leaving Chicago for good!
follow me on twitter
I am too excited! I thought I wouldn't be able to see you for another week, and I get to see you in about one day! :)
yup yup yup!!!!
Not following or disagree? January Jones gets a lot of flack for her portrayal but im always defending it.
#show live Culver City ur host Magic Mike new title Keeping it positive luv #tmz n drama
THIS IS OUR 100TH TWEET!!! WHOO HOOO!!!! To celebrate, we're giving away signed copies of HARRY POTTER!
Rex Ryan, Santonio Holmes NYJ Cutler Suh and All things no green and gold
Who's on ASW?
I LOVE THIS TEAM, LOVE U GUYS <3
Can you follow me ? :)
and Watson. Omer is RFA; if we amnesty Boozer, that takes us down to about 63 million; only way to get cap room ...
Oh yeah! Me and tiana are going to fly our kites tomorrow !:D
Really, the boozed-up crowd at the event is pretty funny, for now.
Prep Soccer Playoffs: East Coweta blanks Colquitt - Newnan Times-Herald
& I like the way "Voice Over" is leveraged for accessibility in the app!
Eat it UP, beat it UP. (:
RT ": if gay marriage affects your straight marriage obviously your marriage is pretty shitty to begin with."
The Power of Protest Tactics: ‘Just Do It’
I see one sign in the lower crowd that's apparently fervently anti-divorce too.
That's wonderful, though, bringing it to an audience. I try to enjoy each part of the cycle and let it go at its own pace.
Great article in Cincinnati Magazine this month "Geology is Destiny". Intrigued? Want more info? Come on our May 12 bus tour!
Searching for people to follow on Twitter
Goals are not only absolutely necesary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive. -Robert H. Schuller
Material possessions do not equate to class.
playing black ops and jammin to BVB...what a PERFECT way to end the night!
49 out of 50 states covered in #snow! Who wants to move to #Florida ?!
Appreciate it. I may be at different schools over the years, but Mobile and USA will ALWAYS be home.
If you had 1 book to suggest to read, what would it be? Go Ravens!
Helped a turtle cross the road today. So how does this karma shit work? Should I buy a lottery ticket, or just try to fold a fitted sheet?
Four days after my mother-in-law left and I'm still eating like a king!
Mike is proud to be endorsed by Linda Derschang, Seattle's "queen of clubs."
After watching bruce almighty I can't imagine gods voice being anyone else's but morgan freeman retweet if you agree
Kinesiology student at #oxy learn from animated and interactive models of brain and heart from iPad apps
Hey, sorry for the late response, but that is a GREAT idea! Thanks!
isn't it pretty? PS: I didn't know you were in ATX! We should meet up!
Gold pass status: no lines EVER #blowing$$$$
RT : Never do anything that you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics. -hahah thanks for the advice! Does #bartab count?
LOL. I don't have the right body parts to make clothes look slutty -_-
#MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs All of them.
Social Media Queen RT : Wearing my new shirt from to the Open House!
you better take it back. Don't hate on the hopeless cubs
WOO-HOO! Although, I've got 2 hours on you :)
Maybe we can work something out with & I can offer you our hospitality. Tu es bienvenue chez nous.
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright. <3
Our once in a lifetime feature today is a lamb bolognese pasta with rigatoni and delicious garlic bread. $9 for this heavenly meal.
"L" game with the homies and Rudi!
Jessica's lines are busy! I've still voted for her 62 times already
The feeling you get when you wake up in the morning and his arm is still around you<3
Rule #381: If you dont' believe in yourself...find a few people who do. Stop trusting yourself for awhile.
New Pics, website, and videos coming soon! This is an exciting journey!
Time to move on asshole!
Kim Zolciak's "music" career was created by an evil earworm trickster demon in hell. I promise not 2 b tardy. Just get out of my head!
Take me home to the place I belong
Heyy Ivan just wanted to say Hi and hows life??<3
Is it time to start the petition to stop Joe Buck from hijacking the starting lineups for the All Star Game?
Your kung fu no good here.
break a leg :)
Bear down the drain.
nope you good
lmao I forgot the *with RT:: Lmao :) it's fun! RT I love gym (:
o.O? i dont understand lol
will do!
May we draw nearer to the cross and love Jesus even more.
You know you are working on a campaign when you are asking if there is any coffee left at 7pm.
Looking forward to this!
im sorry i tho yu was somebody n mi entertainin group :000000.......?.
Ok how is it that I shoot baseball in the rain all day and I have a sunburn....smh
sports makes people silly, yes. And happy. And angry. And a lot of things. Probably why so many people watch.
Mike is creeping extra hard.
When your knee hurts like a bitch..
I like Trident because it makes me feel groovy
My hoodie straight out of the dryer feels like heaven.
dam that what was fast
Thanks for the follow, Sarah!
Two years and twenty two days until I can move to california. Thats half of what keeps me going, the other half is my friends who care a lot
inclusion is something you do not something you proclaim
According to the Weather Channel it's 35 degrees cooler in Chicago than Austin. That's just crazy.
It's a debate?
Weather channel app where was my clairmont/upland tornado warning?! and I were not expecting this on our roadtrip to Vegas!
Pueblo Harvest Cafe is creating a new daily made-from-scratch #redchile! free samples w/ your meal to vote for your fav!...
A little #ff shout out to for breaking down and getting Twitter. Give me my dollar.
Our final Pinter Fortnightly before the Festival this summer. Old Times will be read and we will celebrate the 26th Pinter Night at ACT!
This actually turns out to make it easy to weed out investors you don't see eye to eye with.
What's going on, man?
What the fuck is up with teachers calling parents the week before prom? Dumb bitches.
I'm guessing this will be after one of our shows next weekend for Bass Jesus' 30th B-Day!
I would be tweeting more during this game but I'm busy biting my nails
It's a pirates life for me
Birthday dinner at #GranvilleCafe followed by #ThinkLikeAMan! Turning 40 is great so far!!
They only have budweiser here so I'm drinking water.
AAVG good thing still to come. Nice close today expecting more green tomorrow!!!
you don't wanna know
She said "Stick your balls in as well"
TNT messy. Why they going to split screen Harden and Artest?! Smh.
RJF and WCC where built on hard work and honest love of the product. No bullshit and keeping it real.
guess who's doing Kelsey and abbeys make up for prom!! :) hehe ME! 💋
No mention of porn or software downloads though? The two top purposes of usenet?
Im serious.
lol just kidding :p you'll probably marry some actor or wall street rich guy
So awfull. All day long. RT : how on earth do u handle jon fitchs pants and singing voice, my pooch would kill me!
are you auditioning for something ? well , good luck ! (:
I'm surprised that Kane won, but I still don't really care.
Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge.
great job extending metro service by an hour to cover fan release at park! #thankyou #Natitude Go
spring sun shining | oak pollen in the air | — clean desk
Proposition 8 fails 2 advance any rational basis in singling out gay men & lesbians 4 denial of a marriage license - Judge Vaughn Walker
#SDSU commercial has not aired yet. During the football game Sat. night? Just a guess.
holy shit how did i not know this -______- hahahaha thank you !!
no, but I will probably start one after my internship at Stanford this fall.
thanks 4 following me !
: i totally agree about proportion, but i find that twitter trains my judgement so that i'm more discriminating overall.
I'm only seven rooms away!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain you lose something else
Deff a #monroe that'd look too #cute on you the old one hid those
If only everyone felt as jazzed about #plone as I do right now. Oh the possibilities!
RT : Come to "High Speed Networking" Wednesday, April 18 from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm. Its time to turbo charge your......
Just checking in.
As much as you love Zuck, forget him. Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey. What will hubby Paul think?
follow back sweetie!!
I would love to get to know you. I am an award winning author. Ck my website ellenbrazer.com to read about my book. lets talk
hi wife
Get over the hump at One Up Elevated Lounge. Join us for lunch, happy hour and beyond. Chef inspired menu items and endless ambiance.
Oh I am SO on top of this.
I want to text you but I feel like I'm annoying you, so I'm sorry if you want to talk, you should text me first if you do now.
speaking big monday. Bring back the midnight west coast game.
Shaking up my rut by having a #cupofinspiration with this morning. Even if it meant going to Bethesda...
I love you. You love me. Harry loves Lou. Lou loves Harry.
Life can be a big fat joke dats why i laugh alot...Lol
Thanks for following:
we are now following
& the wrong helmet?
LoL.....My Girl Say She Miss Big Poppa!!!
show him this: Hi jey!
Ron Artest is one of them niggas u want w/ u when some shxt pop off
Cool, we'll check out through Google Translate. Is that article about in a Japanese Press?
hi lady
The words "totally stressed out" won't begin to cover the economic horrors future generations will face if we don't get Natnl Debt in order
The original "Tea Party" was against corporate monopolies and policies favoring big business. Today's use is a misnomer.
whats sad, forbes article says buccos have one of highest debt to value ratios in the league.
!$#24Dayle+Peyton#31$!=love*<3 if u like this follow me and repley and ill follow you and ill send u a message
I do not put down your work. Everything about your article is great. I simply take issue with term "domestic." That is all.
Rules for work: Keep at arm's length. Give no safe quarter. Take no prisoners.
Jeez I miss you dad! I Love you so much!
Attempting to eat a banana....
but they want to still from the rich
Good time @ the Drew vs. Goodman league game! Durant and Wall,
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
I can not stop listening to Say Anything. Oh how I love this band <3
Miss you buddy!
And by that I mean, get better quick!
4 good tweets
Time to get this day started
Many people go far in life because someone else thought they could. ~John Maxwell
Please don't give up
um can I get a sneak preview... I mean you both are my fam :-)... Just saying
I agree 100%...he did excellent & completely unique voice!! :-)
Can't stop. Must stop. Can't stop.
All girls are different women.
I'm just living MY f*ckn life freely! 😜💋
The left side of your infield is a joke. Yuk is DONZO! Get a real 3 bagger.
I am probably going to be even more quiet today. I am waiting for my head to either implode or explode. Happy Tuesday to all.
You are Welcome! Surprised that "Stayin' Alive" isn't on there...or "Brown Sugar"...they wear them out at the bar nearby
I wonder if anyone else around me now, on I-95, is heading South for WMC too..
I Have died every day waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years.
Please don't tell me they have Easter stuff up in the stores already! RT : I would really like to dye Easter eggs right now.
Everybody Has Dreams. This Is Just A Page To Help With Ours. But Its Not All About Us. We Are Trying To Help Donate To Hospitals And Ect.
I have bad news for people hungry for veggie chilli tonight and good news for people worried about dressing up for our presentations
** heavy sigh ** followed by a look of disappointment/sadness....thanks Sonny
Are we not following you and you think we should be? Tell us why!
Fill in the blank. I love museums because ______________.
RT : Don't miss NPR's special coverage of the individual mandate argument starting at 8 pm.
The kind of person that would get their ass kicked by a squirrel.
Raises hand. “: Show of hands: Who's at a movie theater right now?”
Just found out that 20% of my final grade in one class depends on my final project peer review. So if the class didn't like me, I'm screwed.
b4 i know u i hate sport but because of u now i enjoy playing basketball with good friends thank u !
When you run from something it only stays with you longer. If you fight something it only makes you stronger.....---
What a day, what a day...
Liv of is my favorite. We met during WMC. Really cool girls
RT : what wil YOU be #DrinkinTonight at quitting time? Tweet us back and #StartDreaminNow, happy friday! ME: Whistlepig Rye
I woke up starving this AM! My hunger pangs were very motivating and I got dressed in record time! Stopped by #SUBWAY and all is well now :)
Yes, what a great idea!
what the?!
I really just give up on everybody and i'm gonna stop trying anymore...
I launched the first search campaign for the new Hugo Boss online store today. Very cool to be able to help market 1 of my favorite brands.
Ugh. I was supposed to go to the US Mexico game tonight but I get to stay home at eat soup!
#nw dead presidents
gf u probly know better than me...following best I can...my ? Where, conditions, why etc. AND HI! ;-)
Long path from the past summer on mgf, easier to compliment you here.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
is a beast. How you get slept on is beyond me. mad other artist respect your talents. Mad Props
Remember this? “: Today in 1986: Space shuttle #Challenger exploded, #Reagan gave this speech://t.co/M9fJj9PR”
But if its best available cars, then Dodge > Chevy easily!
The iPad with Verizon service has a hotspot to run your other devices off according to Fox News TV.
4) Since no one is ever around to help, don't drop a TV stand on your pinky toe. 5) Number 4 sucks.
safe travels. Congrats to your DrGirl. Ha.
Her weakness will shine yo but thats her I aint mad baby made me stronger now I get my paper longer
And it's clearly a charm. :)
Did mine change...
uhh... You might need to brush up on your anatomy. Just saying.
I think I may be healthier RT New study says swearing is good for you. I must be the healthiest guy in America.
. nope... pure correlation between the 2. Losing and a guy painting himself orange and thinking he is part of the team. Get out!
Eric Church- Springsteen
so like this coming week!?
i followed
At the VFW in City of Industry with performing for vets and people with walking distance of this bar.
i have to ask...whats the over/under on Big Ben and Haley getting into it w/ one another?
i was dying they better post it so u can see i was trolling going go bruins over and over again. Then they started talking
It's ok to be different. It makes you an individual.
Don't understand how this is more than propaganda. Completely rational for content industry to fear business models that threaten
I wish would reply to me and acknowledge my existence. because i love him so much ):
(code name: operation, sleep in) has begun.... good night
thx gorgeous! U too! Xo! ;)
Hi Vinny! I couldn't make it to the meet&greet but hopefully you had fun!! Follow back please! It would mean the world to me!
I think #Irene is an excellent excuse to devote this weekend to lounging on my couch and reading as much as possible.
"If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something." Franklin D. Roosevelt
we can do the same for you!
true, can't wait.
Looks like its getting positive reviews. Double Fine: The only people who can make children's games bearable.
reporting for duty, sir!
you bet. more tomorrow!
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error. ~ Voltaire
The number of people who will suffer climate-related disasters by 2015 will rise by 50% to an estimated 375 million people.
y u didnt come to new york!!
OccupyMN will march at 5pm to observe one month of occupation in MN.
A.I. to the Knicks? Please let this happen, the unintentional comedy factor will be off the charts
Maybe I will wear one ;) With a sombraro
#Lakers Making me fucking mad as hell
I sent u one like an hour ago??
I look into my crystal ball and I see many, many outings in the Lehigh Valley for future IronPig Schwimmer.
“: craving Tim's cascade jalepino! #seattlesbestchip” girl I just finished the bag! Bomb!!!
YES! The oy oy oy one or whatever where we do the weird arm circle things hahaha
Cleaning your bathroom drunk is inherntly sobering.
This weekend went by faster than a greyhound, which isn't very fast if we are talking bus, but I meant dog.
hm a el taquito gringa would be good for lunch. May have to figure out how to get some here to
Just watched Proof. Wow, that was really good.
Bad thoughts leads to bad decisions
God has an unconditional love for each and every person in this world, no matter what he still loves you!
Wide Awake. -__-
Quoted. I need to see this RT ": The Cabin in the Woods was FUCKING AWESOME!!! That's my review. Quote me on it."
Yahoo needs to show Treyvon Martin photos at 17 years-old not at 9-10 or 11 years old.
My Inspiration Is Gomez ;;)
well that won't suck at all! Have an amazing vacation & thanks for bringing us along, man.
Sunshine and bike ride to food cart rodeo. Fantastic day. Japanese style hot dog = a great idea. and bigfood - my favorites.
I am thinking about moving back there at some point, but things don't look good there economically, what reasons did Brokaw give?
We are having to get off the train. The hard braking has caused problems. Now waiting for another train to pick us up.
Hold on...I'm coming!
OS Justin bieber's new scent for men or women?
Bleh >.< do you know why?
Woot!! PRT : Congratulations to , one of the many talented people from You've won a ShuttleXpress!
The cookie cake is spiked!!
Take A Shot For Me
Happy #LeapDay Celebrating with a #Hawks game tonight :)
Sign me up! Haha
Bad football day (UT and FSU break my heart). Good weather day (actual rain from the skies for minutes at a time).
It's an amazing day when you come up with a plan to cry your way out of working, yet, another fucking weekend...
thanks for the follow!
Do u wear a hoodie? :P
some people piss me off....you arnt everything get over it
Tony stewart wins at martinsville. 3 races away from championship
- looking forward to discussing superpacs, corps and unions when I teach Citizens United and movetoamend to my corpgov class
eating lunch at New Big Wong in Chinatown.
This is a must SEE - from the 1:15-1:30 mark, there's a BOMB nugget!
Hi Anne, nice to meet you , that user has been reported and blocked by Twitter. Mark
what curling iron do you use?<3 your hair is super pretty!
yes. RT : why yes, i AM watching marvel movie after marvel movie to properly prep for the avengers. isn't everyone?
Quite the strike from Deuce!!
If u don't like Charlie sheen then u don't deserve the tigerblood!!!
Pandora is on an absolute roll tonight. Love it when this happens.
Working on Website Updates, Adding New Metropolitan Areas we'll be serving!!
Justin Beiber is on the cover of seventeen. How fitting.
ah, don't fret sir...more where that came from...summer is gonna be good.
do you know if Kennedy's is going to have any of those posters are their store? They are awesome!
are gonna be on iCarly and SNL on April 7th.... IM GONNA HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!
I know we should be used to it, but I shed a tear last night. Gonna miss these guys.
Can't imagine the show staying on the air very long. I voted for Zambie and Trash Can. Boone Oakley's coming soon I hear.
If you have a car with a busted headlight or any front-end damage, we need to hear from you. Need a prop for a film we're shooting.
you know, there *will* be a joint session between #THATCamp Prime and LAC....
It's ok TA. God will never put more on you than you can bear. It's only a test. You got this. Keep grinding. We believe in you.
haha yes we do (:
might as well have boobie or lester hudson out there
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
We on the board... Finally
New User Name: Perf.ArtsColl-UCLA,
Mobie night with the bestfrieds and
If you haven't eaten, join us! There's room for two more at our table.
Their not, it's cool and I want one. RT : Motorcycles are annoying.
Watching #CoachCarter..... what is our deepest fear?
That raises a good question: where WAS Monkey Butler born? Doesn't seem American to me...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 81
YALL SHOULD DO A SONG TO GETHER FOR
Time for a rehair.
Join us tomorrow in Nashville for the kickoff meeting of the ALOA Young Security Professionals. More info on YSP to follow the meeting.
Yo, it's ....50% of women use their cleavage to get things...so be honest what have you used it for??
My mom: What would you do if you had 1 million dollars? I answer right away me: Miami, FL! my dad: what!
i <3 when bands i love are excited to see other bands i love RT : at Webster Hall tonight!
I've never had so many tab ads, redirect ads, and invisible audio ads in my life. So done with
yea I do . I just haven't posted to meany color pics but yea i could handle that , text me (818)961-77 82
Indeed. I've seen too many case studies about what could go wrong that it forces us to play it safe. It hinders innovation.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. – John C. Maxwell
Gia Is My Favorite !
Do you guys have any calendars available to order?
but I am le tired...
4 reminders per day to use your cameras. Shoot 2 people interacting. Do it with or without their permission but then show it for approval.
Salsa class starts in one day 3/13/2012 at the Arlington cultural center in VA...also know as theatre on the run
I remember when i was younger I had the biggest crush on Tony Parker.. now I see why ;)
All my pants are shrinking in the dryer. It's the only explanation.
#interfaceUF Has anyone studied whether the students who talk in class also tweet frequently during class? Or, different populations?
Respect youself enough to take care of yourself otherwise you will never be happy
I had an amazing day yesterday with 39 women entrepreneurs from Latin America and the Caribbean.
huahua apparently we have some similar ones. im pumped to see you guys for thanksgiving!
Our first event is coming up early march! Who will be coming?
Heat is making drivers absolutely nuts in commuter traffic, yesterday & today. Be careful out there.
thank you for the kind words!!!
This is not a paid tweet! I found the site while Googling a couple of bad judges that I've been in front of!
lol kick him
Just saw Kanye punch a lady in the babymaker on Ocean Drive. Keep it real dude.
Criminal minds b that fye :)
the puppy bowl with the roomie and should def be a tradition :)
Thanks for the support G! RT yoooo!!! I been goin crazy for that #KeysOpenDoors... Follow back let's talk!
Forming, storming, norming, performing!
winter snow has returned ...making a snowman and thinking of yummy fish fry tonight
oh! I know how that feels! Hahaha my dogs love my parents more than me
Im Spanish ancestry - Cuban :-)
see haha ! Happiness! (:
Wander...startup presentation at tech meetup... A bit like Pinterest for places ?
#40thingsaboutme I'm having entirely too much fun writing my blog
thinking about buying a new sex toy! what kind of a pounding do you think this pussy needs? wanna cum take a look? let's go shop and play!
So we're backed up in the middle of Bluemound and Hawley ... People busted into a honking rendition! Must be Opening Day!
Now u can stand around & feel sorry for yourself when a wife of 3 decades leaves you,or u can get up & take ur life to quantum higer levels
In dire need of some mid-afternoon caffeine. #icedorhott at
In America, people fucking hate soccer, and honestly, that's the way it should be.
Psychology of pricing and buying. Very interesting
RT : "Life isn't about finding yourself ...it's about creating yourself! Who will you become today?" ~
New four year strong!
Danny is HOT with aggression ;) SEXY
I got a softball game today Columbus & Balbo 6 PM
RT : Wishing all my fellow Small Business Owners a Happy National Entrepreneurship Week!
Life would be more interesting if everything had a "Like Button". What would you put a "Like Button" on?
im hoping someone cancels b/c of the nice weather!
Well of course i wanna go to nashville, but I really wanna go to Europe :)
Today in Literary History: On March 9, 1994 Charles Bukowski (author of POST OFFICE and HAM ON RYE) died in California.
I think we just like weed.
hahaha thanks!! Sam you really should check before you tweet!! But I don't mind being the 'beat' friend today! Lol
I wish I had some one to spend my birthday besides my sister =\
Prepping a proposal on big data...see the current issue of the COTELCO Connector for more info on our big data research!...
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. - Dan Zevin.
lets not step on toes
#latin quote of the day - Maxima in minimis. - "She is greatest in the smallest things."
Ask any woman. Bigger doesn't equal better.
Salty chucks :)
Listen/download the new EP NOW! - interstates.bandcamp.com
so glad to hear your not feilding offers. rip city wont be the same without you allen. your the best owner in sports!
I've come to a conclusion that.........
it's official, I know nothing about this movie or actor. A Good reason to Geaux and see it then. Have more to say later...
I'm sorry to the seniors I let down.. I love you guys.. I messed up.
Can you get back in?
let your kids be part of the design solution, frame a choice that they can act on and live with
Awww That's The Cutest Gif Ever!(:
Christmas eve with all our families...!
Thanks for your advice. I'm on #Behance n #linkedIn. Also working on blogs for my business site. Just need to keep at it.
melts my heart! U are perfection!!
We are all a product of our past choices. Therefore, if we choose differently we will be different.
ron artest laying duded out again, a little world peace to my man james dome...
Sweet Chicago... How I love your crisp autumn days :)
man, two installs of #matplotlib have had two completely different sets of problems, what a pain, I just want graphs and cant use
Come out tonight & enjoy the musical talents of & local friends - It's open mic night 7-10pm & Happy Hour is all night long!
RT : What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. -Oprah
Going to be at my grandmas this weekend in schertz
its like your staring into my soul :0
Ugh I have to take the eoc today😲🔫
i feel like it has snowed more in the past week than it has all winter!
oh, Alex Arnold.
I wonder how many coders are in this audience. Maybe 5?
hello im good thanku wbu x nice to tweet u by the way x
alright Jacob and I will murder jonathan
You learned the concept 'pain' when you learned language. Wittgenstein
Money tall as Jordan...
So I heard you were born naked?.You slut
The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction, for war is a drug. -- Chris Hedges .. from the movie The Hurt Locker
Great show! Jerry sounds so fragile and sweet on "Comes a Time'. Sound is pretty good for an audience recording. :)
Lea tweeting Mark proves I have no Lark feelings left. Totally indifferent.
hahaha I want to go so bad!!
Lets see what the players union does for these players that got suspended. Vilma out for 1 year? Really?
Let's all ninja kick this Monday in the face.
Pretty bored. comment the pics of something ill return
looking forward to visiting the Bee Cave's location tonight. Making the trip from San Antonio just for you! (Ok...and beer)
Today's all Irish special menu: “Bangers and Mash” Omelette, Guinness Braised Beef Rib, Fried Oysters and Eggs, Mulligatawny soup...
our nations capital is a pretty awesome place, huh? God Bless America.
Gosh I love so damn much, I want to meet her<3
Coco Fusco's video 'la plaza vacia' -powerful commentary on pubic space and freedom of speech in cuba,
Yep...all I do is win.
I lose.
Barbara Robertson, currently in "Camino Real" at , will be joining us as our guide for "All About the Women". We can't wait!
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
yea unless me an my brother was fightin!!! Then they were single haha!!! maybe thats y i like short guys? hm...
son! I just want it to be as perfect as possible
#milbloggies Voting is open! Not nominated this year but so many lovely peeps are! can't wait to go to #milblogcon! Vote for
don't worry and the rest of #heatnation I got the LBJ jersey on now...everything will be ok
SUCH A HOTTIE
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
BPA testing methods to add load during wind over-generation events. DR goes both ways.
That is a great pic!
Why can't you go? :(
#TwoThingsIWant ...one day work at & for Jack to grow & be whatever it is he wants to be :)
looking forward to 1969: The Play this weekend
yea im the with one im almost the with thesecond on. hbu?
b/c the public should know the facts. I believe that the #transportation sector plays a key role in reduction of carbon emissions
Tez: I'm getting my quinceanera dress. Me: Oh! You're Jewish? -______- I'm a failure at life
Play. Love. Grow
Facebook have an unlike button now
You'll regret it in the morning...
Have a good night everyone xo
It's odd but I just knew when Palmer mentioned the kid didn't have a big league homer he was getting a grand slam.
Paul pierce busting they ass
Getting your hopes up is just another bad idea.
Fab Design Tip: Create a welcoming entrance to your living room by arranging your furniture so that it leads you into the room.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result. -Oscar Wilde
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
So, my prom was right after "Titanic" came out. Add in some K-Ci & JoJo "In All My Life"...oh, magical.
no! we're going to miss having you!
Spelling Bee: artisanal, that's one "i" and two "a's"
Excellent advice.
Thank you for follow! Thanks!
I'll be home for the summer in a week and half? Say what?
funny “: RT : The next time someone says "you're not the customer, you're the product" we all need to drink. #pii2012”
thx v much great blog BTW. Also image is embeddable if you wish to use it somewhere.
I only eat animals that are aware of their own consciousness. They taste better.
#RT if yo alarm is gunshots and ppl screaming running around outside lmao
Be yourself!
& we all know who beat them! :) Of course, they (Rice) got away with murder the following season's 1st round...
Welcome home!
That sounds amazing i havent had Niteowl in years....
#WhyDoIAlways Think About You
what was I doing?
Saw the book at Urban Outfitters... Looking forward to purchasing it for my Nook! So great!
it was clutch free throws.
Who cares if you were naughty or nice this year? You deserve a beer. Come see me at the Saucer. I promise I won't make you sit on my lap.
Not a goaltender on Earth is stopping that shot.
Why am I still effin up
no se como
"Even if I'm making millions or mowing yards."-A Tig
Charlotte....Y'all make it to B-More yet bro?
no Bullets' jerseys? What about a Gilbert Arenas ?
Ah i just got a doll eeep hes so cute
we provide assistance to the developmentally disabled. please keep us in mind if you meet any1 in need of help! thank you
Yeah I am a nerd and I am proud of it! =) Have a marvelous evening everyone!
#WhyILoveMuseums Because, as a workplace, they're totally not soul-killing
RT : Wanna pick a time and meet over the phone and talk real estate/video? Lincoln, 812-987-2830 • We sure would!
Google paysthe bills (for monster servers) for you to spread your message. They make $ when you make $, -
we're working on that. We have all the recordings.
Thanks bro! Yeah, I'm fully down. You definitely made me a better bike rider today.
what is this?! that was such a cute pic too!!
No scoop from me. Thought it was interesting that CBS Sports was reporting it.
yeah dudes!
they gone get sick of me lol but oh well!! add & Bobby V's new artist
Back to another twelve-hour shift. Bring on the coffee.
me too :[ skip camp you don't need training
No take backs. Nickelbacks, but no takes.
I am a nerd but I just saw some uber nerds playing a D&D card game @ IHOP @ 1:15am. Can we all say a collective WOW!!
u have a gorgeous smile!<3
you know what ? NO prob haha (: . What is your essai about ? (:
Thank you!!
it's way too weird to think there are so many moronic non thinking folks in this country.
Still doesn't follow me! What's up with that!? D:
nothing says, "welcome to the real world!" like dropping $105 on a car battery. yuck-o!
Early bird race clue #1: This Montrose institution known for its darts and live music will be a Lone Star pint chug stop of the race.
Yay it finally here The Iroquois Steeplechase!
Pool Closure December 5th installing new gel coat at
Survived the four-year mark of being a widow. Basically, it sucked. I still hate this.
Cant sleep, someone tell me a joke :)
I'm in school hoe, and we started our diet last night so no more fatty stuff.. gotta get sexy for our bdays
Cast of were representing today at Moorea! Always welcome back. I think they said June? Now i gotta see the movie!
Happy birthday
Great panel on social ROI so much back and forth and debate. Sux battery about to die
Illigal money enthusiast
Every time my husband alters the drivers seat in my car, the chances of me running him over someday go way way up!
I'm glad that I can make people laugh by doing nothing
haha it is next door to my apartment (literally), thus the frequency! Yes, the food is awesome and so is the HH!
JUST SENT YOU AN EMAIL! CHECK IT OUT!!
Watched Burn After Reading. Checked on tomato plants. Birds ate all my blueberries! Got to get down to business this AM.
Thanks. Is the restaurant in Austin?
I miss you. Hunn :(
I gotta crazy vision
#PreWorkout fuel. Load up
Chopped a Bellagio tourney 8 ways, 22k for me and backer. Ran hot, sucked out 2x for my tourney life, grinded an abv avg stack for awhile.
It's amazing that Michele Obama was 'shopping' at Target -- for dog food. Don't they have staff for that? PR triumphs again.
It's First Sunday! Enjoy free admission, a hands-on chemistry activity for the kids, an art talk with Dan Cameron & !
I love this short story. I thought I the only one. Thank you thank you
I get scared so easily.
turn out the lights 830-930pm (eastern time)
Hey you!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYONE !!!!!
Hats off to the editor getting us in before the crown GMPM up 140% from our initial alert
Let's make this vote real easy. Whoever wins the Chicago marathon becomes mayor! I'm faster than a moose with beavers in its britches!
Michael Jordan in the flu game!! Nuff said..
I should know better to get off Twitter when I'm hungry. You people can't stop talking about good food!
Happy Birthday !! :) Love youu and hope youu had an amazing dayy!
Sign In Pet Store: "Buy one dog, get one flea."
no problem :)
I've heard the song "dead or alive" literally 3 times today. And I love it
Go see The Help. It's awesome!
Finished up #UCEA with a great presentation and feedback- Look for #ActionforAutism to come. Overall fantastic week
you get in yet? Still in line... bah...
Ok, one major work project ended, to be funded. Now what other deviltry can I get into today? Any suggestions?
wadup bruh.....time to get the buzz back up...droppin two joints tonight
it better
Thanks, I will! RT I'd suggest #uLinkNetwork - for a fun #networking in Sacramento or Roseville or Folsom group bit.ly/hjtNQZ
happy anniversary, dad! love you guys & miss you!
My Mexican Homeboy.
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me <3
#BGCReunion . Bad girls club Mexico is gonna be Effing chaotic , I already know ..
I'm going to bed.
just wanna lay in bed and read Harry potter all night ❤☔
^_____________^ I'm late but HEY HEY HEy! ! Yall better answer! lol
*your MODS are seen riding through the library on poptart with NYANCAT* *stops poptart at table by pillar next to Sam's Place with computer*
“: was asked to package her #FiftyShades Christmas Gift Box Set w/ #SilverBalls #ChristianGrey ” ha
Very vintage looking photo you have there
eat some McDonalds :)
1 class taught, 1 article written, 1 phone interview conducted, 1 presentation planned, 1 quiz studied for... MONDAYS!
Life's to short for bitching and complaining, live it up without giving a fuck.
Cannot wait for my husband to get home with his new haircut... he's so cute when he's a bald-headed boy! :)
u should jst create another one bt dnt tick people off this time ;)
MNF!! Who are you for, Dallas or Washington?
Girl next to me just said she is from Cleveland. I immediately shuddered. I truly do hate Cleveland as LeBron does.
that's so funny lol
More social networking opportunities will be available for RAW presenters. Details coming soon!
Heading to Green Bay to spread the word of 10' seamless dye sub to my customers. DM me and Find out What's In It For You!
#Encourage someone today. Your words of encouragement are powerful to those you encourage.
Ay call me when u got the chance.
Ugh, the words I would call you if I weren't kind of scared of you.
tss the last rap in 8 mile!>>> (;
Hey Girl! We miss you...hope you are having a great summer!
Woohoo!! RT I'm going to call & book our vegas trip for first week in november.
I'd like to be, Everything you want.
Wow - tough times for Romo haters. Keep the faith NG
E everything just erase outta my phone!!!!
is having a lot of fun these days Photoshoping QBs into uniforms...
2 games this weekend. 1 in Omaha, NE 1 in Springfield, MO. Wish the boys luck.
Damn if someone wants to text you all the time they better have a less then a two word sentence
yes ... exactly right
2 final performances left for AN APOLOGY. Tickets still available for both performances. Help us fill the houses!
Hooray! with a side of beignets!
were we gonna add piano and make it a huge song?
Thanks for all of your help! We are very excited about the film lineup!
Looking forward to riding the #Mammoth this summer.
My mom loves my boyfriend.... My dad thinks he's a great kid.....my step mom thinks he's gay.
woo! Now we can be in Bay View with the cool kids :)
The Lakers got their Swagger Back! Truth LOL
Huzzah nice to meet you IRL!
oh and tell me she doesn't look like Zooey DesChannel. I'll fight you.
Family dinner! Seared, fried scallops; risotto; and arugula and watercress tossed in a habanero vinaigrette, paired with a Gruner Veltliner.
Thank you!
You woke up today, you have purpose.
We are!
Oh hey look, ANOTHER protest on Capitol Mall.
Love the show, Zooey! Continued success!
I need to buy my fellow white boys an Asian broom and show them how to sweep on a whole new level.
Going to be retweeting links to my latest body of work, check them out, tell me what you think.
I really don't want to do my spanish homework....
Lakers lead the first quarter by one point.
Yeah, go to East Towne instead, C3K says there's a gunman at the food court.
Thanks for covering this.
bow skitch I'm off this
2 More Days <3 till I get to see mi <3
If #Knicks Win The Early Bird Rights To Lin & Novak In Court Dats Great We Can Pay Lin & Novak Watever They Want + Keep Jr & Have 7 Mil Left
…as she certainly is as well ;-)! Happy Anniversary Jon! Try the patio at Sunflower Caffe, et bien sûr, The Girl and The Fig.
lol starrin at the ceiling always kinda seemed a bit more nerve racking than relaxing
Fuck Santa.. he know where all the bad bitches live lol
I stay on my real shit cause niggas is fake
Learn about Planning for College tomorrow on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
local meaning Atlanta right? Sounds good! I got confused by the NYC comment posted.
not anymore. I did over the summer but that shit failed miserably. I'm going to now starting with this music video.
Tristan1960&#39;s blog » Blog Archive » sailor moon sailor pluto
Getting texts from kids that say hey i was one of the kids you hung out with at the TinCaps game(: >>>>
It's 6:33 & doing homework.
Canada does not need any more hockey teams- they are spending so much money please give the thrashers back- the fans would appreciate it
": look out the Da Poetry Duck Off Fridays @ v-live lounge 9275 richmond beginning 1.27.12 Rip The Runway, dress code strictly"
It's cool K-Dro, you're the reason we have the lead.
The traffic in LA never ceases to amaze me.
tell me tell me tellllmeeeeeeeeeee
yeah, album droppin soon!!
I have no idea what day it is.
The flu bug has officially gone from to to to... me
GREAT documentary last night..It was amazing learning about the aesthetics that you put into the design of the Dreamliner!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to our office grand opening yesterday morning. Your support and work will make all the difference!
much thanks! :-)
LOL Who said that to you, that's not a very good pick up line! lol
Words can't describe how I feel about you..
the gov should spend the money - not you. The info/money is what the gov has -they just need to share.
Apology excepted lmao jokes.
My predictions for today couldn't have been more wrong. The wheels are falling off the world.
what do you think of the RHOM?
Harry back in. Key to the second half
So my roomate just killed the otter pops that was in the fridge nigga control yo self and lose weight that is all
Great song selection by the #RedWings game ops staff. Playing "Let It Be" by Paul McCartney on a #Detroit goal that's being reviewed.
got to go to bed. school tommorow. blah :/ #ForrealTho I don't like itt.. it's boring.. talk to you guys later ( : Peace.Love.Hope.<3(:
Just so you know, there's no E in my name. I'm glad you enjoyed the talk! I had a great time meeting everyone.
girl FOLLOW me !!!!! NOW
That's a nice cover. Reminiscent of Criss Cross Jazz's "in-the-City" look of their album covers.
Newest candidate for county emergency fiscal manager position is a little confused about the job description. She thinks it's a supervisor.
Think parents would appreciate an email newsletter highlighting book reviews written by their librarians? Could work on my design skills.
Am I the only one who wonders what happened to "E" in the grading system? A B C D F ♥
Off a great tour with a great band and very much excited to hit the road again very soon. Cheers, Boys
Pretty well. This twitter account has only been active for like three days. So we're moving in the right direction.
At work, working hard
i Hate you because although i say im over you, you still manage to bring back the feeling
whoa hot momma. nice pic. Did RDI bring in Annie Lebowitz or something? ;P
Thanks! I hadn't thought about that, even though I'm admin for my FB journalist page.
Watching semi-pro! Haha
Quiet w/out students @ Hillel. But never more quiet than on a Friday. Staff is ready 4 new semester + students to return. Shabbat Shalom
TELL ME YOU WATCHED THE FRENCH ONE
i followed him chris!
RT - Run over your crew like the New England Patriots. The craziest but I'm also the laziest. Never turn on the TV so I don...
Life is not about waiting for the storm 2 pass its about learning 2 dance in rain
Hey, that was just on the radio during my morning commute! Smart media studies on NPR/APM ftw!
I may not be close or necessarily like someone but ill always be there for someone in need!
ditto! RT You guys are awesome!
yep. :( who your birds playing 2day?
ya i dont i like allot of animals i think my fav is the cookie monster love cookie monster hes gangster
honey we were just joking. no need to get your tits in a bunch.
Lots of grading to do today. Expect some procrastitweeting later.
So glad that brought up today at the #altsummit class. I met Nicole at way back!
that's so sad.
Awh, hell yea! RT : #ff My new snarky best friend on the Twitters
thank you too, dear friend.
Tomorrow Just π(pie) will be in Otay with Free Samples of Yam Pie!!!!!!!!!!!!! Check it out! C U there!
don't get it twisted don't get clever this is the most craziest shit ever
Last nights game sucked as a Laker fan, but I'm getting closer and closer to truly believing that Durant could be the best in the NBA
Each morning see some task begun, Each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done. Longfellow
#sljsummit10 Brian Kenny: chaos confusion & creativity characterize future of reading- Summit provides discourses to craft futures
I really should have paid more attention in science class, but it was in Utah.
cause thats what they are
Yup, I done fried my shoulders. Us sun impoverished Washingtonians don't know how to handle 80 degrees and no clouds.
ONLY TIME CAN TELL
In much happier news, I cut down the tree branch that was outside my window! Muahahahahaaa!
My g-parents, Walt and Fannie had a girl named Evelyn who married a man named Arlo. Daughters Arla Gaye and Fawnda Faye.
Apparently, yes.
Oh dear... thanks for the reminder about that. Must get back to about it.
Dexter's, and the Big 10 jump to mind. Although I doubt either are "fresh". Freshly breaded maybe...
Yes LordRT : If the storm is raging, that means YOU be calm. There's no need in two things raging at the same time. Mark 4:35-41
: I fell off a 50ft ladder today..... Luckily I was on the bottom step
Some just play for fun and drink and others are super serious. Winner gets a shiny trophy
Broke a jar of jalapeno jelly on the kitchen floor and now I'm bleeding profusely from what would be the tastiest toe ever, minus the blood.
"The impossible becomes possible for you only as you carefully observe and faithfully obey the direction of the Holy Spirit.”
yess we do!
FYI LACMA is free today.
Going to go to the park soon with Jessie, Zuri, Luke, and Ravi
Me too!! RT : I want to eat everything they are making on Top Chef Just Desserts!
thats good u should do the same
High pressure A/C? I need something to cool off both levels! We're forced down to the guest bedroom & couches when it's not!!
Well we are experiencing a heat wave in Chicago....need to get some new heat in your #cash management program? contact me for information.…
Planting today for flowers tomorrow.
Go Badgers
10min to get to work traffic on westhimer...Challenge accepted
Can't believe we're already headed to bed. #gous #werock Goodnight!
cheer up!
Thanks for the follow !
You would be surprised at how many ppl still lie about they age never really understood that
Too mini many coopers
s/o 2 Go Follow For Me (:
Um, yes. Mac and Cheese pairs perfect with the evening's activities.
just for you I'm going to tweet something everyday now! You might regret it.
Thanks for the RT! MB
Fresh fire!!!
ikr she reminds me of megan fox for some reason!!
Just inside the main entrance of the Hyatt Regency. It is an elevated area--tables and chairs.
People who read tablet versions of print magazines expect - and even want - ads.
Dang Rondo. Get it!
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.” –Dale Carnegie
follow back dude
hey girl! What's going on?
Figuring out the rest of the month then LA in September....Can I get an Amen :)
Look at me I'm tweeting WOW
A friend of mine will be running #mkelfmarathon tied to 70 other runners as a fund raiser for Jenny Crain 'Make it happen' foundation.
what's a follow video?:)
awesome. shoot me your email address and we can talk
I Take That Back Goodnight/Morning <3
okay haha! and thanks for letting me stay! (:
i thank God each day for all of my blessings. :D
watching tv, is everything alright?
that's fucked up, why would you tell me that -_-
Interactivity: One of the protocols with which we can expand our 1D model of reading + writing. -Saper
"A Bacon Was" What, ABC?!?! RT : Every time I see 's short URL "abcn.ws" I think "A BACON"
Haven't had breakfast yet, to lazy to get up.
RT : I spilled lemonade on my desk. I hit MacBook Pro, iPhone AND iPad all at once. New definition of "PANIC." *oy* <O CRAP>
For Hopkins vs. Dawson tonight on HBO I got Dawson all day!!
I did know i google my shit before posting something :D
I know. It will be ugly.
Just 16 more days. I don't know if I can make it.
follow me back if you do i'll give you a special shout out just for you
Good pt. Francesca Coppa getting labor done in fandom, esp. for women that there are dangers for certain groups, unpaid labor
Where on earth did the title Pretzels and Bullfights come from?
So much easier to hear if you sit on the side of the room closest to the sound engineers. Other side = speakers inaudible
Our President killed Osama bin Laden. Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.
Dm me your email and we can make that happen
CHEAP TRICK: DREAM POLICE - Potawatomi, MKE - Feb.11, 12, 18, 19, 25, 26. Get your Rock On on the way there & your rest on the way back
aw that sounds cute :3
So GLAD to be home! At last, the end of an extremely long day, checking out for the evening. Night tweets!
Bud light platinum....
he's right
hahaha. I know stupid me! And aww alrightyyyy thanks girl :)
am I being brew woo-ed? sorry... that word play was just too tempting for me.
I believe in you #NYG. You can do it! One possession game. Just don't have any more turnovers.
Is there any more iconic boyz or girls besides Mikey's and nicholete bday in February? Trying to keep track of bdays
So can I... just dont give me my coffee lol ;)
Know of anyone who needs entertainment for their holiday party? Send them our way! W.supertonicstringquartet.com
Yesterday was my last #longRun before next week's #halfMarathon...feeling it this morning 😳
On humor: "We don't take ourselves too seriously. We feel the music and start dancing around like idiots." -
This is why we stay single for The Wanted & Justin Bieber (;
I feel like that's not exclusive to ratchets though.
and why do i care??
the vote is on March 28th, learn more here www.stopthebansd.org
"It's the gospel of Ricky Bobby, 'That just happened!'" says about the different accounts in the gospels.
I can't wait to see you all in Leakesville MS tomorrow!! Travel safe and God bless
i think we all can see that! lol
What's good y'all, bn away 4 a min, 4 a gd cause... A gd friend of mine once put in these words " my absence is never 4 nothing"
Chicago here I come bitch!
Even though I own a bakery, birthday boy wanted Perkins cookies for his Kindergarten treat today. HA! Now.....off to
I love all of you.
Looking forward to visit tomorrow
a lot of people must think im shallow
Fine... went to 6 flags junior year for a physics trip. Funniest field trip ever. and its closer
#Believe comes out on my birthday!!! BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER!:))
Born a hobo, die a hobo.
We're on the map!!!! It's crazy
“ God will never take away something without giving something better in its place.”
I just dont know what to do or what not to do any more so I said fuck it
Who is on pinterest who can send me an invite?
going shopping
Independent Music is Mainstream. NOW is the time to create the movement. We need 1000 indie labels with at least two artist contracts.
thanks Greg! You are terrific
I'm afraid of paying in. :( I kept EVERY relevant receipt I could. lol My company switched me to contract work after the move.
Thx so much for your endorsement.
About to try with I hope it tastes like my grandma's Korean cookin'!
Wow. Didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
My legs kill
Roses finally blooming in my backyard >>
>> you busy today
Oh, I totally get your point. But humans, particularly in their youth, sometimes eff up. But only white dudes get a pass.
Im so confused on the time.. Anyone know what time it is on the east coast?
If the house smells like chili and beer, well, that's because I'm making chili and beer.
Chris Brown Can Fly :)
Hahaha! I knew you'd enjoy it. Glad I could help
My mom said she can't wait for #TurnToYou haha she loves you. It's gonna be amazing! ❤❤
Brokeniggas talking about #GettingMoney! -- SitDown & apply for a job scrub!
Looking forward to a very busy post-pcbw week ahead. Rolling out some new recipes & lots of brewing on the schedule.
Thank you!!
Almost home to Fort Worth. Work at 8am for my awesome viola teacher :)
how are you gonna give up your title then try and ask who won?? you lost buddy
Thanks, Roberta! I will definitely take pictures and post on Twitter. We try to make trip each year. So much fun!!!
I love a good storm! Bring it
This one step, choosing a goal and sticking to it, changes everything. Scott Reed
When will you realize baby I'm not like the restt
Wld LOVE thatRT : I like ur bio! i'd love to know more :) perhaps i can trade and blog about ur club all-in-one
#FF It's actor Steve Guttenberg now on twitter.
I'm about to be so busy tomorrow - errandserrandserrands !
Trying to watch the #MacysThanksgivingDayParade with Deven. He keeps saying... What's that? I scared! But won't let me change the channel.
When is the BioBuzz event at Nick's scheduled?
Well this is a start. Still praying.
Jordan: dont say that Jordan: Marissa? Jordan: hello...u there? Me: no leave a message at the beep.. *beep* Jordan: wtf?
REMINDER....TRUNK SHOW AND PARTY TONIGHT!!! 6-9pm 224 Sharp Hill Road Come even if you haven't RSVP'd....we'd love to see you!!!
True that Romney is NOT a job creator.... It's all about wealth and power. It's the ONLY thing he truly cares about.
Looking for a new job opportunity? Check out
there is a hearing on the school budget i am about to attend what questions do you think i should have
“ looking for a #chicago realtor!”
I need To Shoot To Louisville For My Nigga Birthday Next Month!!
the Seahawks are basically my mother dolled up in a uniform and on steroids. Totally shocked they won.
'BOUT TIME :-P
- will follow you as soon as 'twitter' allows me to follow more peeps!!
Watched the stunning "Melancholia" today. Talk about anxieties of air travel, writ large...
can't wait til we chill we are gonna go chill with briar and Corey and blow shit up haha
I DO follow you with interest on tumblr. BTW, fixie building pjt moving slowly due to visits & weather, but moving.
"I took rocket science in college, I didn't pass but I know you can't win many football games with 4 passing yards" - nessler. What a retard
bus 1. With all the good people
If the Cats were up by say...42 I would be ok right now. KU is familiar 2nd half team. Keep rollin Cats!
#iSalute my manager #Everybody #FOLLOW &
We are looking forward to working with you all! Lets connect to meet and discuss partnership
Everything originates from the seed of Determination
Well, you know kombucha better than anyone I know, so I'll take your word for it! We didn't get sick, so that's good. :)
Not that Californians have anything to be smug about tonight...*cough*prop8*cough*
is quickly becoming Baltimore's fav place for house, techno, Bass, Moombahton, disco, funk, & club music.
dass what I'm saying
That would be my choice as well, but... I'm dragging my feet for many reasons (tired, family, cost, etc!!)
Working on getting blog reviews today!
I'm a jack of all trades now: HR systems, compensation, benefits, stock, IPO filings, setting up a nonprofit - duties as assigned
Johnson &amp; Johnson - Shareholder/Analyst Call
!! It's been a good run. RT: ": I think I'm leaving NBC just in time."
The sex me and my hand had last night is
Aw **** I think it might be a Jerry Springer episode going down. Tweets to continue...
#Groupon goods man... Gotta hustle
I do not apologize.
Horrible headache
Most importantly, I hope that my mom feels better, and that her breathing improves.
LAPD officer in riot gear told a FOX 11 TV news reporter her crew would be "subject to arrest" if they didn't clear out.
Getting in her first ! Followed 's advice from #Busted but still need round 2 to get the fit perfect.
Watching on MSG now. Reggie miller D-rides lebron.
What hurts the most is what you say about me.
my friend john and his friends TeBowed at my school dance and his friend michael TeBowed on the stairs
Geek Alert!! Marvel Movie Marathon 4/3 at Henrietta Stadium 18 Theater. Starts at 2:15pm, ends with Avengers at midnite show. See ya there.
Surprised it took this long!
At dead poets with two old friends. Why don't they tweet?
Why would you be uncomfortable?
Had no idea there was a truck too. Just saw it on the street in the village.
I actually grew up in CO, then in AL, then here in WA. I can have a drawl if I wants to, but I'm otherwise normal sounding. ;)
If we win... just maybe!
I can't wait to hear more about this venture!
WTF! Why is that bieber kid with Mayweather?!! Lmfao, I knew there was a good reason for hating that little punk!
So proud of you for everything you're doing. Glad you liked being sheeted on too. :P
Kim Kardashian the hottest thing out though. RT : RT : NOBODY wants SOMEBODY who has been with EVERYBODY.
Getting ready to present the awards for the 2011 #SDCChiHack- will be starting very soon in the Main Auditorium. #GetInHere!
Welcome Rob, Andrea, DeAnne, Elisabeth, and Marco!
did I ever tell you I sat on a long flight next to one of the people from the AZ DOE who was involved in making that decision?
Yep, I gave up. Moved over to
2008 honda accord... just normal oil changes, engine filters, eventually a new car battery (was told within 6 months)... ugh
Ok , the Harajuku Mini For Target collections are beyond cute!
I wish you all the very best so prepare for the worst and then you are covered.
put everything on your boys. Thought they were due. Wtf
cant find u 😔
Boring Sunday in philadelphia nothing to do,no $$ to go anywhere.
If I wasn't brewing this afternoon I would bring my bike out for a ride. Unless I get my ass in gear and get out by you earlier
You only get #oneshot, do not miss yo chance to blow, this opportunity comes #onceinalifetime, you better lose yoself in the music….
Making a grilled cheese on brioche with boucherondin and fig jam was a fat choice. Went to instead of the gym today.
when people say omfg especially with the F <<< respect the one who created you.
U gotta b kidding me- if u smack somebody they r gonna talk ish about u!!
I'm already following you, dummy
who are the brewsers? Is that the roller derby league?
Don't want to go back to Johannesburg or school or reality. Don't want spring break to end
Superior Room
RT love the playlist tonight, MJ and Prince, this girl is a happy camper!
I just bought my Alchemy ticket. *happydance*
“: Telling your parents something funny, but then it turns into a life lesson..”
RT : #Chat2lrn when talking to SME i rep the employee (learner) whena talking to lrnr i rep the SME
Time for the longest concert ever!!!! :)
Love the new class, Jessica! Let us know if you need some help securing a venue.
I like how robo calls you when you've already paid your cable bill. Probably because I pay it between noon & 6pm on due date. Morons.
Mac & cheese with ketchup yummy
People are pathetic
where is the next stop light?
Lol dam i didnt know styles p was still alive.... This nigga on stage with some hoop shorts and a bubble vest
never mind ill find someone like you. i wish nothing but the best for you, dont forget me. Got this damn song in my head
Ugh..sorry hun!!
April Tates has their semi-annual tent sale. Epic deals!!
Very excited to see how well the EVO 4G LTE does! Sprint usually does great with new products!
you have great tweets
I don't update Forwrrrd & Riot Grrrl Online Blog. I should post the links up & the first link to the Riot Grrrl Online website.
Be sure to #thankateacher this week for Teacher Appreciation Week. I'm greatful to Mr A who was always there when I needed someone to listen
Hey, Anthony Hopkins was just doing Truman Capote in "Silence of the Lambs"--it's still a great performance!
It is fitting that Harrison won the game. He's a great guy, doesn't mean that he is that good at baseball.
As I read you with my mouth and my fingertips - like berries you color my hands, like wine you stain my lips.
I followed follow back.
great idea on fall mitt. Thanks for the great support! It's almost TOO warm. Will have to do one that isn't so warm!
#fixaheart my #1 favorite on the #unbroken album
My website, www.inspiringandmotivationalwisdom,com has a book on it called, "The Secret of Letting Go!" This may help.
RT If all God wanted to do was get to the happy ending, you'd be in heaven by now. The process is the point!
It's understandable, we mix our spellings here of certain words sometimes, on purpose though. Color/Colour
lmfaooooooooo! you petty!
The lovely brought in homemade ginger snaps, pita bread, & humus today. I wish office day was EVERY day.
Gotta admit, it went pretty well! If I get video, I'll forward it on.
Gonna be rockin the blood suit cap and gown the 26th :)
This weekend was awesome - Thanks to everyone who made it such a turning-point event! (and now to sleep)
ha, yes, mustn't forget the
at the 21st district candidate forum.
#NowPlaying ""Space Bound" -
If you could go ANYWHERE in the world - where would that be? Another state? Another country? Another time period?
...Two black, undercover-like squad suburbans.
lol we need to do I on our laptops oseaaaa! Ugh lipgloss! Lmao minimum wage for a maximum loser!
True.. but it's alot of lowkey spots an events in Memphis u just have to be open
ya I know but I am kinda bumbed cause I don't get to see all my friends and stuff
had an awesome weekend with ashly , i think i ate more food than i ever had in my entire life. didnt go to school today but i am tomorrow!
Everyone should read 's tweets right now...
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked/compromised.
Saw my pretty lady ! She inspired me! :)
or Friends Forever, Fluffy Fools, Farm Fresh ;)
excited to see my friends to help me early celebrate my bday !..
Success woke me up, Motivation made me breakfast, Destiny gave me my agenda and the Lord gave me his blessings.
Good place to be!!!
Jamie doesn't seem like the kind of person who would want to mess with Twitter
giving uncle rico a fresh cut..... AT NIGHT(:
Anybody can make someone sweat/ sore.... The great coaches & trainers do EVERYTHING w/ a purpose. Why do u do what u do? Whats ur purpose?
why are you blocking me? SHARE your knowledge with the world. What's really happening.Their are many views, yours is 1
lol actually that one stinky boy that was crying that one day in chapmans class was....Lmfao haha
Trying to catch up on e-mail w/ AC blasting. Hope that the 90 degree weather we're expecting for the next week won't last until October. :(
have you been to ?
How do you choose your film roles?
bro I really need to talk to u bro I'm hurtin over here
Thanks for the RTs, comments, mentions & silver badges! this week ,
by today and every Wednesday - Live music starts at 6:30pm. Ritz inside the lobby of the Ritz-Carlton, Center City
breakfast with the girl
Tom where are you? Will you calmly get Rowan.
- my sister got me a #32 Blatche jersey for my b-day 2 years ago. What home game you going to next and I'll get that $20.
your getting to "big" for them and their jealous
Yeah! Glad to hear it. Thanks for the tweet, Sara :)
feel better soon! I'm sure we'll go out again sometime this week. Will drop you a line when we do!
