Just realized Austin follows this account <3 #ThankYouAustin :D
well certainly not at my house XD
I expect to see you racing on the streets of Long Beach!
do u run now
these cramps are going to be the death of me D:<
follow back? :)
saying that is opening pandora's box to al this awkward/weirdness. You know not what you request!! ;D
Guess the hubby and I will be having a talk. Hm...
Amazing show last night boys and gals of cornwall! Great night for a great cause! Check out our FB tour dates to catch a show near you!
2ND PIC FOR #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - THE CHARGERS - OVER -- TALENT AND SCHEDULE MAKE THEM MOST SUCCESSFUL TEAM IN AFC WITH 12/13 WINS
You too Melanie! Drive safely and see you in DC.
Ok i admit, i only just finally listened to 's new EP, Fire. Um yea, i'm now the proud owner of the complete EP download
LOVED IT - thank you all again!!!
Atlanta Falcons first round draft pick linebacker Sean Weatherspoon has agreed to a 5-year deal. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The Beggining of A Beautiful Acquaintanceship
Yay-Friday. Crisis Hopkins show 2nite. Looks like it'll be a nice-ish weekend. Gotta enjoy. & celebrate my awesome Mom ~Mother's Day Sunday!
Lebron "King Decoy" James
Last night's opener Fair Game was riveting material. I hope it gets widely seen. Remember how there were no WMDs?
headin home after a long day of cuttin @ the chandler shop.
Time for a cookout !!
so glad to be home!
Don't start a land war in China. Don't compete with Meryl Streep for Best Actress.
lmao , not even xP
. The internet has not increased the number of strong ties in real life.
Having a glass of 10 SBarb Chard - what is the oak program here?
if only 10 child actor became awesome adults, what adj describes what became of the rest?
Ruben, thanks for connecting! How are you? Matthew
i am sorry tht totally suckss
The truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
Off to Boston tomorrow to show #The Fellows Hip to good people of , makers of #LOTRO. Should be fun. Things are happening.
don't say "donut" around Brodeur.
Hello. :D
11 year old kids today have Facebook, twitter, phones, iPod. When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk and imagination.
I hate when people say they grown but beefin over twitter and facebook. Sit yo "grown" ass down!
even if its based on a true story?
Great running into you and yesterday! Hope you guys are having fun in SD!
Just like airline prices I'm betting this paves the way for other carriers.
ppl we hangout w need a safety manual on what to do and what not to do, also a warning label
Game Changers: inspiring ordinary kids to overcome odds w/ loyalty, friendship and teamwork
I refuse to get close to anyone ever again!
Why hasn't thrown her cheeseburger on the Presidential menu? What is SarahPAC? Save money now and spend in June?
Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire? This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di
Watching romeo and juliet with my mom and grandma ok ok.
TNT's go fishing picture of the am Knicks will include a fire extinguisher right?
Wow. Venus and Jupiter are amazing - again.
I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But we're perfect together. And that's all that matters.
RT Ugh! My laptop died even though it said it still had like 40% battery left! I've missed so much of this show!!!
Was pleased to be with the Chas West Lions Club last nite which meets at Harding's at Mink Shoals Exit 1, I-79
Can't believe that shit happened!?
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Making the trek back to denver from ohio. Good company from , ezra the dog, and sirius xmu.
The #Brewers know that Parra is a disaster, correct?
Amen! >> MT : Author says "I don't need an editor" Really? A great author knows to get good editorial input & direction.
I prefer old school. Can't touch this...
Come 2:10-2:15 a.m. tho...I predict an increase of booty calls when the club closes. Thats how we celebrate- AYE!
So did you decide about the cat gift?
Jenna and i might too:D<3
RT : How can you change the face of tech entrepreneurship? March 24, 2012 join us for the Inclusive Innovation conference details soon!
twitter peeps saying you're going to the league bro
thanks Aaron for running! Congrats !
Right there with you, Ma'am. Greg is very blessed to have you in his life. He knows this of course but I just had to acknowledge
Pretty sure Mas Malo was the best food I've had in a while
CRAZY!! Loved it can't wait for next season
Friday Humor: "Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic." - Dan Rather.
TY! I would love to connect! Let's DM contact info.
Watching True Grit currently. Forgot how much Jeff Bridges is the man.
Agreed!!! I really wish he would stay at least one more year. What do ya say, Gillie? :)
#outback in Pleasant Hill, CA is making really weak drinks right now, it's half packed, bar is empty
Crawling up the stairs cause your legs are too sore to walk. Yup, that's me!
So thankful for what I have...
Lol, im bored ;p
dont worry about it worry focus on your day :) be happy is what i'm telling you :)
you're so helpful. thank you so much. (:
OMG. those are some awesome photos of him.
The “secret spot” may not last much longer. In fact, the tools of communication today threaten to destroy the category of the “secret.”
It's to early for black woman to be preeching about the bible
Onto some #Baseball #WinterMeetings start December 5th, again if you have a question on #FantasyFootball will be answering up til 1:00PM EST
There are little specks of something floating in my Gatorade. Let's guess what they are.
Kicking off #AtmosphereOnTour Seattle.
I don't have to see it to believe it.
speaking to couple more award winning artists about distribution for em
I could be wrong but I think all discussion related to the task would be kept in the app itself.
Had lots of fun at the Dark Harbor on the Queen Mary!! They scare good gotta keep your  open if not damn...
"Consumers don't want to go from app to app" - Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV & Digital, Disney ABC
You are most welcome. What a powerful read! Very tough to read as parent, but very well done.
Defense needs to step up! Let's go Bulls!!!
Hooked on the
great story..u had that chikk nervous; eyes twitching, hair tossin, and jittery all around
thanks Mel!!
RT : can we start a movement to make #vegetablefriedrice a permanent addition to the menu?
cool! Let us know what time and we will be happy to get it set up!
Thank You. The book is available on Amazon, if you read the book let me know what you think. Have a great day.
Interview mistakes come from inexperience or desperation. Respond with short and smart answers. Do company research, be confident & positive
We are so excited to have providing hootch for the Hootenanny! Things are gonna get rowdy.
it's football day!
Monday morning is coming on quick. Weekends are just to short.
As spoken by true lovers of food! RT : Rice is born in water and must die in wine. Italian Proverb
is digging live Coachella on youtube
He has risen! He has risen! HAPPY EASTER!!! God Bless you all!!
Or a starter with coffee and any excuses in between! ha ha
clutter is never good. esp on an iphone. just weeded all apps i don't use on a daily basis. hella spartan
Oh my! That beats our shrimp and pasta! I'll be right over.
You're rich!
best chapstick ever. Target or ulta but ulta has better flava options.
What a fun improv workshop with kids this morning!
teacher: why didn't u do the homework me: because i hate u
i see you did a skit with Kevin Hart on his neww movie. I recognize that ass anywhere.
Finished mowing the lawn just as it started to rain. I count that as a win.
we got a boy and a girl <3
Yes, Lake Mary actually. Just North of Orlando. Very interesting gig. We will talk. Skype sometime?
I really like Strop! Met him last season during fan appreciation days and he was super cool. When he pitches like this, it's also super cool
hola (: I was wondering if you could maybe give my a shout out ? I'd really appreciate it (:
Preciate it bro!! RT : I'm most proud of you bro. I remember when you first got your computer and midi board...
Attention hipsters! Stop trimming your mustaches! Let it grow wild on your face like a forest of intrigue!
Just heard from Says he'll make an announcement on Monday in Milwaukee at 10:30 AM at #ShermanPark. Lt. Gov? We'll see.
WTR Tv Ch 197 time warner 5pm right now
Happiness is an attitude. You either make yourselve miserable, or happy and strong.
#BFC2012 : The #hacker movement is about taking apart & then putting together in a better way.
awww so cute
I get it I know but your going to need the midlevel guys to surround studs you draft those are the ones that might come here
I'm sure he'll talk about it on HIS show...oh wait, never mind. I forgot he doesn't have one.
wat up berg???
King vs. Oshkosh North just started. Lets do this generals.
Great #flamenco show by tonight at Uncorked in #atx! Ole!
Great reception from the county clerks assoc convention in Bowling Green. Am especially pleased by the support of several Republican Clerks.
no MvF.. sad “: Are u saying no more MvF? U still gna compete on a personal level?” Definitely not. Was fun, but I've moved on.”
杰瑞米 <---- my name in chinese!
I want a rooftop patio garden where I can plant lots of colorful flowers. I wonder if they'd notice if I put one on our condo rooftop...?
You are invited to Therapeutic Aromatherapy Massage with Organica Jane when you visit Canandaigua (NY) in June! XO
If you've got the inclination, I have got the crime.
What a thrill and a delight to work with producer Jonathan Case and his cast and crew on this latest masterpiece "HURT". Great fun guys!
Help us collect more aluminum cans so we can go to Memphis this weekend!
Girl: I like sex Boy: I like pussy Girl: Let's fuck :D hahaha(; lol
Ahaha i was listenin to sing... and my mom was like what do he know about love... nuthin.. thats y he sing popcorn love.. lol
Things aren't really going too well in my personal life right now. Had a potential job offer, but it did not work out.
And then the day came when I started to really like Katy Perry.
"I like wood."
I told you I was!
I must have said that wrong before. I gotta go back to the station to work the Ads game. I won't be at it. :(
up late...jus finished workin out - so tired right now!
#BrianHughes - Just added to our playlist!
wow..yeah that would suck. I thought moving from small town to small town was bad..
Tweet this ebook Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
Ineligable for track until April 18th all because of my chorus grade. FRICKING CHORUS!!!!! So much for lettering my freshman year.
beautiful day for a cross-city bike ride to see and !
Sandwiches and sex! I want that! #newgirl hilarious
you should! :D follow mine? :D
haha - what's going on for ur bday? Lets tear it up then watch football Sunday!
where in tampa??? That sounds great!!!
Just let me eat my dinner!
I'm glad added the LCD screen. One last monitor I have to carry around for reference checking.
Rahm: Suggests taking away COLAs b/c can't afford increases for current employees, they've been taking furloughs or pay freezes.
We elected to govern the country. Get busy.
that's awesome, thanks!
Days when nothing fits right <<<<<<
3 Areas your life fits inside:(but can be a combination of all three depending on your values and needs): Illusion/Contradiction/Compromise
NEW SONG
thanks Miss, I thru in a follow 4 u 2!
Great day indeed! WC Get some rest! Hope u feel better
your site is horribly broken in android. Links go to odd places and your forms take me to ford mustangs not fiat.
follow me? :)
Anyone got an iPhone 4 s for sale or trade for an ipad 2?
El Pastor Newark Presents "Fado Dos Namorados" with David Couto. Friday and Saturday for the next two weeks.
3/7/12 To do List- Purchase order from Fredrick's of Hollywood ..(check) …Delivery for FL-20… (check)...
It will be a very cold start to the day today with sunrise temperatures in the teens. We are LUCKY. It's Nov. 17 and it's just getting cold.
Megan get MOTIVATED!
I am! I love this Showw<3
Notice: Microsoft plans to support Windows XP until 2014. Is this the time to upgrade to Windows 7 or to move to an Apple Macintosh?
Thanks 4 following , for fitness using their bike to control the TV. PTPA winner and GREAT GIFT with 20% discount coupon "PTPA"
How old is Peter Lake? I feel like they would need someone a little bit younger.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ♥ 8
I'm trying to get a bottle for tonight and lakers game
my mom said she would come get it sometime this week
ozzy is a waste of your air time. Lets get to the sport talk in english.
Remember nothing will change until you do. Embrace change and it will give your more opportunities.
Keep the drinks off the Turntables...Respect.
Having a great time at #naturallpretty event!! So much beauty in one spot!!
Make it rain bitch
would you wanna meet at bamboozle so I can give you the card Connor made?
Feelings change.
I meant video your neighbors in the car....
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
It's going to take a lot of food to convince me to sleep with you.
Females That Are Drama Queens & Hype Monsters (Meaning They Hype Everything) < <
MILWAUKEE!! Big cuts from Frontier Airlines coming to Mitchell Intl. Airport.
awww...i just met a Grinnell student from the Winston-Salem area. makes me happy.
Balfour getting life. His lawyer is appealing.
Just saw an entire family of four riding unicycles down the sidewalk. There are times when I love Berkeley...
a four-hand xylophone?
"He does PR things" is exactly how I describe his job to other people.
Not gonna bother lying - I won't miss Boston at all in these next two weeks.
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today with Alan Jackson!
me too so I ate a boiled egg and drank a cup of water lol
Checking your calendar? You should be penciling us in. Our monthly #FUNraiser #HappyHour is on March 30th at Town Tavern!...
I hate that if we talk I'm the one who has to start the conversation.
Warped tour needs to hurry the fuck up.
About to hit the sheets follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back gn ;)
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Saturn would FLOAT if you could find an ocean big enough!
I can't make it (homework) but if you can GO SEE TuNe-YaRds @ First Ave tonight
don't git where you sleep
Nickelback, "Far Away"...always makes me smile!
Im so bored
oh oka well thank you and your welcome
1778 Evelina (1st ed. T. Lowndes) featuring a handwritten 19-c account of its 18-c critical reception on its endsheets. <3 rare books
1st time ever in10 yrs driving in NYC & I get the sexist knucklehead! Babe one more time & I was pulling the pepper spray!!
yah, I was there! Afternoon smoothie break!
Does anyone like Nunie?
Someday you may be one of the great beards of history! Just stay focused and it will grow.
what ever happened to the homie rodric from the dice
Just saw the best presentation I've seen in weeks from the founder of
Peter Falk did for the trench coat what #JLo did for Versace's infamous dress. RIP
Lawlz please continue to tweet exactly what I just did. Tweeters probs already forgot about my tweet...or
How important it is to live intentionally. How easily we can be blinded and lose sight of everything. To seek God, that is life...
Trans-Siberian Orchestra comes to town tomorrow for a two show engagement at the TD Garden. Plectrum will be there for all the action!
What's Romney's plan for economy? Outsource more jobs like he did with Bain Capitol? Don't buy that he's ahead of Obama on economy.
1803 Britain + France at war. Britain blockades France vowing to seize any ship trading with France. American ships violated decree
I had no idea there was an "International talk like a pirate" Day in September. I'm mad I'm just finding this out.
We're shooting for awesomenizzleness! RT : Excited for and the much needed #rethinkfortwayne operation!
Happy birthday!!!
Did you mean the whole agenda or just that last item? Hoang and Sullivan both spoke on Finance....
#HackedbyMamaMahone cant wait to hear austins reaction (;
the red head is going to cost you.... :)
So I bought WEN.. My only question is when is this crap gonna work!??
He doesn't often share his knowledge with the twit world, but I love talkin hoops with my boy
I cannot wait for the debates. POTUS is going to smoke Mittens' plastic ass.
Just watched 2 squad cars weave lane2lane several times on Juan Tabo. Speeding/no blinkers. To pull into Discount Tire and chat.
Thank you so much - hope your dad is better
Pick up your yellow coupon book for the Maui Mall at participating merchants and start saving today!
nig-ray-dough
#LAMHarvard Our collections *are* converged. What's missing is us --we need to bring our wealth of capacity to the common cause. THickerson
Arizona Pain Physician Receives 2011 Compassionate Doctor Award and Patients’ Choice Award
Oh, yum! Let us know how it turns out!
he doesn't work here.
Who me ?
I told you billykidd that Scotty was as good as anything new your playing on the Bee.
Hope so. I take the Princess Bride, several episodes of L&O:CI, and huge ebook collection with me wherever I go!
#iLoveMyMomBecause I can rely on her to be there for me when no one else is.
Thrilled to join for announcement has won bid to build new engineering school on #RooseveltIsland!
- So #FireSpaz is the best coach that #BC has had in the last 15 years - win/loss ratio - no Bowl - reduced attendance - brilliant!
why should we trust theo after mess he made in boston? hiring him was panic move by ricketts. snubbing ryno another big mistake!
Look, liberals. No need for gays to marry each other when they're so many opportunities for them to be televangelists.
Happy Birthday
if I never lied then baby you'd be the truth
Good Saturday morning to you. Coffee is the second thing I did this morning :-).
Welcome aboard. Go US Marines.
RT 'How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news' (Rom 10:15) <<<nice foot quote!
dude. your time stamp read 12:19.
You really need to think before u talk
i just randomly got "addicted" to twitter
You can't runaway from something if its meant to be.
Less than a week until I turn 40. My 18-year-old self's mind's blown.
Which one is your favorite?
Ok, which cuisine is better, French or Italian? What's their best dish?
On the train back from school n muay Thai, now off to work..
Perhaps just a portrait of Nick on your chest! ": there's so many good ones to choose from, hahaah"
The woman at subway sure knew how to make an awesome sandwich :)
sorry to hear that sir... lets start a mix game of some sort?
Moroney: who, what, when, & where of event reporting are commodities; so publishers can't differentiate & it has little value.
Thanks! I climbed it in under 15 minutes!
nice. yeah, it wasn't either of those.
Glad you're on Twitter; they should be, too! :-)
Palin: ANWR really isn't all that nice, so we may as well drill.
feel like hopping a plane to LA right now. Miss my bestie!
What do you call a sea snail that decommits from Ohio State? Alex Abalone.
For your convenience, an onsite Enterprise Rent-A-Car and representatives from some of the top insurance companies
I'm great, just got tickets to see "The Stuffing." @ Vinyl in Atlanta next week!
Debating breaking my two-month alcohol drought tonight and maybe having a drink or two. Things are getting crazy up in her!
I think our relationship is finally at the point where you should learn about my existence...LLN <3
“: We're announcing the winners for the giveaway today! Look for your name!” // we're excited!
is live at the Rupp Celebration. Follow him for updates and pictures throughout.
That's impressive. I'll have that song in my head all day now.
you can still send a pic if you wanna(:
not in the best mood
It's gonna be a good day, eh team? We've got this.
we finally are in dc. Our flight got cancelled in swiss so we had to stay the night. Terrible.
Thank YOU for all your hard work! We have some of your piggy and bunny food in our truck right now to be handed out.
Fair enough. introduced me what I need. 50 comments facebook page and I think its what others want too!
love the hair! nice pic.
Where are you?
PAN SEARED SCALLOPS: Diver scallops w/ sauteed shitake mushroom in edamame puree, drizzled w/ teriyaki sauce.
;_; i'm crying now xD NOT >:P
Last night in Austin! It's been an adventure. Next time I'm bringing running shoes, a canteen and a fanny pack.
Those little flies r everywhere I go all the time! I swear I shower 2 times a day! What's happening?!?!!!!
Nigga's cant see me like they seeing through a peep hole ;))
MT : anyone out there interested in writing a piece for JiC on the #CharlesTaylor verdict being handed down tomorrow? message me
I missed y'all too but it was wonderful to see so many moms and moms2be make new friends and enjoy a night out!
Bridgette Chambers, #ASUG CEO talks about the emerging technological changes. "The world's info is doubling every 2 years"
Okay, why does anyone care of Sarah Phillips has anything to do with Condescending Wonka?
Still up thinkin bout sum shit
could have gone another day! Nothing important missed.
Nope! We also use HTML5 video.
you are welcome:) thank you for doing what you do , your songs are amazing.
i been 5'10 for like for 3 years already i didnt grow a inch lhh
At the same damn time! At the same damn time! At the same damn time!
“: Facetimee❤” with me 💜
“: my heart ... I completely broke” what happened? :(
#Riverside's young professionals network - The Pick Group - continues to build a better community through volunteerism and giving...
ESPN sidebar: "Tiger's to lose, question mark?"
sweet! come to NYC!!! looking forward to the site
so chic :)
Spent the last 30 minutes in a drainage ditch near ORD. phone light almost blew cover. zombies in packs now.
Not a dance kinda guy unless I'm drunk.
Geez I love her RT "If you put peanut butter on dog shit I'd probably eat it."-Morgan
The only major dispute between House GOP and Senate Dem leaders on small biz bill: What to call it — JOBS Act or IPO bill.
Love the freak show
:( next time! Have so much fun!! xx
Crowie's such a beautiful runner...
I think a lot of what people's perception are of the two denominations depends on when & where they grew up.
Ive been told numerous times im a hard person to get to as far showing my feelings or telling folks how I feel... Sorry 😔
fuck life. why even bother to try goin on i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black
RT : sitting on a park bench eating hot dogs with sort of.
I thought JuJu brought enough estrogen to the show for everybody?
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
“: News channel 13 is about to do a story on food trucks! Way to go 😁👍” #congrats !!!
I think I just had a panic attack!
We will be launching our music on iTunes!
I would...but I live in NY now. :)
You can call me Kudi the kid
Mornings come in 3 sizes: (1) Early (2) Too Early (3) Way Too Early.
Can't wait to watch the buckeyes kick some Hoosier ass
Welcome to reality.
same i just woke up n it's 3:51 a.m. n i can't go back to sleep
one of our favorites as well! Join us for happy hour today an have you a glass!
": That last RT was sad But true" < So sad for you!!
wow stole my hash tag nice one gracz.
Somebody text me 😌
I knew pests were a problem for libraries, but why do they all seem to like ME so much?? :(
totally agree on the fit...but think he gets to the Bears at 19...will be a great value there
Don't. let. the bunnies. out.
Let know that you miss the Last Letter Game - maybe they'll revive it!
Im faded faded faded
yeah I know.
Cville Comedy this week- The Southern on Tuesday, The Lunchbox on Friday. 9pm no cover
Joe Hite on the Piano, Angela's behind the bar and we have our new $5 Ladies night menu rockin and rollin! Stop in for a drink tonight!!!
“: New PR on squat snatch at 100#. This after 10 100m sprints. Boom! #crossfit” boom indeed!
seriously I posted the exact same instagram. Reading it now and LOVING it!
I'm my mom's gift. She gets to see something sexy af everyday she wakes up
And...that's how I know I shoulda BEEN drunkenly passed out lol. Thanks, Adam, Brandi, & Bre.
does it tell you what system you are a resident from?
Absolutely smitten. How terrible!
thanks for another great season of bringing #nascar to the masses ... great work by you and the #PRN team!
#Follow for #Follow ShoutOut for ShoutOut If you trynna have a convo wit me tho jus hit me wit a DM, I'm always down to talk
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sun, May 20 12:00p: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
A customer at work today had a Pepsi logo tattoo.
Going to Defy Gravity hopefully we can do back tucks because if not ima be mad
Follow our members! Talk to us!!! (^_^)
Great to hear! Thank you very much! P.S. Space btwn words! : )
God I can't wait till this recall election is over. I'm sick of the stupid ads. I could care less, this state is messed up either way.
I wanna play baseball again...
Shall we open the patio for reservations for mothers day brunch? 20% chance of rain at 3pm?
yea y
Awhile thanks, !
You can only expect to get what you give in return.....Morning tweeters........
I have to say - It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 6
Where is my shirt? ugh lol
I think I'll just marry CJ or Josh  future baseball wife
Day 2 of sales kickoff begins . . A bit tough due to drinks on the dinner cruise night.
2007 welcomes you, good sir.
If you said false earlier, correct! Poorly fit contact lenses can damage your cornea. If you wear contacts, have them checked regularly.
SOME people get into your LIFE to make it BETTER..., some people MUST get OUT to make it BETTER.
Whoops! In our excitement, we got ahead of ourselves. Teya Flick is speaking at 2, not 4. Mark it down: you won't want to miss this!
sweet. Have fun!! I'm in Miami!
everyone got confuse u told korn dnt be mad nd i was like ayee i hear dat big daddy d but i still wanna see pics
YOU ARE SO PETTY! Please let her in, she don't need no process!
Had an awesome Monday!! Hope everyone shared a smile with someone today :)
RT : The 2nd amendment has nothing to do with "hunters", it's designed to protect the people FROM the government.>correct!!
- don't give up. And don't settle. It's better to be alone than with someone who abuses you mentally or physically.
follow me follow me
I used to drive my dad's :)
I will be there!
belated thanks! glad you are liking the site. The team is cooking up more stuff
& when you start to think of the best, ijust hope you think of me []
GO CARRIE GO!!!! So proud of you.
ohok I think my ex was there... I was in new Mexico..Vegas... But i been overseas and everything
#nowplaying U Smile bye !
there about 8
Relo to #Richmond May-June. Considering #jobs: #nonprofit, #hospital, #socialmarketing, #pharma, #government, #HIT, #SoMe, #CME,
My heart is HEAVY... Prayers out to #TroyDavis and family. This doesn't feel like justice, feels like it's just us...
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.-- Zig Ziglar
Less than two weeks until #Stagecoach! Can't wait!
Want to have quick meet up while ur in Hermosa re sponsorship? DM or email if interested. Co-owner lives on Strand.
Gulp...signed, Clippers fan since World B. Free in SD RT :
Congrats on launch of fantastic new lists feature, doin' it right yet again.
Games Tonight. Crawfish tomorrow. All you can eat $15.00. Support the the neighborhood.!
dear hottie that just walked in, please be here to get a divorce, upset because your fiance wants a pre-nup, or otherwise available.
lol yeah that's what I did over the winter !!
We hit 1,000. Halfway to corndogs. Fine work people.
here's another one.
what is ur name on facebook ?
What is up with this weather? Happy wednesday!!!
Awkward silence in the house....
This year, for the first time, 30 percent of USians will have had some college. Think about it.
hey Scott,this is Gregory Jimerson,I had your lab class a while back,could u send me your email address?i wanna send songs!
Like it too, but if they both win, who am I supposed to root for in the series.
crazy game !!
National Coming Out Day. Gay Ryan tells us of his experience.
They just want to be seen
XO! RT “: i just sent an email to & gmail asked if i wanted to include too. AW <3 my buds!
Please don't give up twitter for lent!! ;) xoxo
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much. if it feels right, it probably is. so just go with it.
Petite Cafè, its across from the CMP
Whatcha trying to poke lj for?
Just bring yourself if you can. No need to worry about anything else.
thank you for that Phaedra and amen!
With their ticker tape parade this week, the #Mavs will tie the #Heat for total number of #nba #championship celebrations in the past year
Thanks for listing me on your RCASA Daily! <3
I love talking to new people. (:
Diggin them designs!
Over centuries people have worshiped the rising sun. But it has only been the setting Earth that has caused the illusion. Arya-Holmes.
Shout out to my friend Will Evans for his 7th place position after 2 days in the Southern Open - Good job Will !
That's a bit harsh!
THanks for the RT's and tweets regarding Hard Rock Rising. WE MADE IT! See you there!
Biased much?
"i wasnt drunk" "You thought phineas & ferb were back at school
Jeez, Geoff. Okay, fine. I won't go. Can you have MPD temporarily detain crazy people to keep them from interfering with a wedding?
I would pay to see it used on certain politicians. Sadly not so good for spontaneous speech... silencing Gingrich big job.
Uh, it was a joke -- he puts on that Borat voice in all his book trailers... ;P
Yes I have O Canada memorized. #AndRandomlySingIt RT "oh canada..." uh, okay
Thanks for thinking of us! How was it?
* stranger danger ! .
Band outing tonight at the show @ 7th St Entry. Can't wait to see them! Their new album is fantastic.
Everyone today just like comepletely invaded my privacy taking my glasses >.<
Can we go to school shirtless one day? damn
Maddison harrison is trying to scream in a band.................. Hahahahahahaha
Its Thirsty Thursday with $5 Hairy Beavers, $6 Hairy Bears, $3 Domestic Drafts and $5 Long Islands quenching your thirst.
Haha! Oh how pedicures make me laugh :)
Jonathan Spector comes on, my optimism of a win sinks a little....
In bed watching #desperatehousewives. I'm ready for this test tomorrow
The author of one of my favorite childhood books, #WhereTheWildThingsAre , died today )':
I should've charged my phone lastnight.
Fresh back in the Chi from Carbondale had a blast down there
Boy by not with them shoes on
it's pretty long and VERY oddly structured, but the book is a 10. definitely one of my favorites.
. You are too kind. I appreciate the props and will try to keep crankin' out the sports biz news.
its not as bad as you think!!
“: good luck tonight”thanks
Statistically improbable statement: this AM I found myself absentmindedly whistling a Bollywood version of Pretty Woman.
I changed all my passwords to �incorrect�. So my computer just tells me when I forget
Repressed feelings cause lead to so much pain later on. Never be afraid to just feel cause it's worse when you hold back.
Just left Sunday Service at Bethany Baptist Church. I love Rev. Howard. He is phenomenal. I'm rejuvenated!!!
I'm Fina cram for this exam after work. and i could use a car wash. maybe just might do that.
Since its saturday lets do it right
If you want to be a part of the #smashbrothers #streetteam / #promoteam the #deadendkids just holla! We give members free tickets to shows!
we were lol
And the #BASHH tonight?
's new song "boyfriend" makes me happy<3 i love him (:
how much u guys paying poker prop players
I sometimes forget. Is the Wu-Tang Clan somethin' to Fuck Wit?
Single Stop loves its partners! Enjoying the : 2012 #Comm_College National Legislative Summit today
Sensitive information, including SSNs, of more than 36,000 University of Tampa students, faculty and staff from 2000-2012 was made public.
cool i will see if i like
"Local Underground Tent Party" starts 2nite! along with local bands
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor & skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness. Please reply(: you
All follow this girll she rocks she follows back if asked and is lovely and is giving shoutouts to the next 100 followers xx♥♥
not yet bro!
Clifton , NJ! We are performing TONIGHT at Dingbatz!! Doors at 6!
i miss him .
Craving wushi ( sushi). Had some last night and want some more to go with my homemade miso/hot&sour soup.
Seriously? You can't just call it a chicken salad sandwich, it has to be a "free-range chicken salad sandwich"? (Yes, this is me working.)
There are a # of these companies that take this approach to claims. Thank you, the response makes me think of new topics to write about.
Good times with good motherfucking people
did he really drop ur phone
Let me know how the sports biz conference is...I won't be in attendance.
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
“: Special shout-out to , , and my friend ☺ Thanks for following!” TY for mention!
#1DWeekMemories Hi. We're. One Direction.Yeah!! Who just read that in their voices!!
is recruiting for a #Records Analyst in Oklahoma City, #OK to work in an energy company. This position offers generous pay and stability! …
is wrapping up and preparing to go to Denver tomorrow
He has the best eye of any player I've ever seen.
A big #followfriday to salute to , ,
I will yell on squaw peak. A lot of nut cases up there.
well, the LSAT was stupid. That's all.
What to do for the summer until I leave for Morehouse in the fall?
Early vibes
you'd be my number 2(:
how so?!
Looking forward to getting to work. See you guys tomorrow.
first and third are legendary. Die Harder is great when yer shitfaced and love laughing at dude from RocketMan. No Harland Williams
is at the ICHC for the Shamrock Club meeting, and Len Graham and Brian Hart.
PG? For once.
I'll send it to you soon. Not quite ready for wide release. :)
Nothing like toppin off a wk of auditions, writing, class & improv to Sadie telling me: "I like your face". Well I love your face Sadie.
Who needs a weather radio when you have a dog that tries to dive under the bed at the 1st sound of rain on the roof?
I've never seen a girl smoking and been like "wow, she's so indifferent about her own mortality. How hot!"
Yet another great practice! The Tigers are looking confident and prepared to win on Saturday! #4DAYS!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN YOU WRAP YOURSELF AND GIVE YOU TO ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY DOES THAT SOUND AWKS NEVER MIND THEN
I was wondering if weather would be an issue. Thanks for your continuous updates by the way, very awesome and helpful.
The difference between a girl and a cellphone? The phone has a "silent" mode .
The one stop tracking is a bit scary. Would be almost impossible to opt out of & FB doesn't exactly have a good record
love it.
BANGARANG MOTHERFUCKER!! Thanks to for joining the party!!!!
LOL! Truth. RT You know it's almost time for the Olympics when they start running the Morgan Freeman narrated Visa commercials.
Just left Sisterhood Celebration at Clark Atlanta University - Sweet Alpha Pi Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
but there was no one there, and no one came.
oh okay thanks i will !!! n_n
Its rare my baby get sick , and to see him like this is like 0_o ah ur not urself so ima have him relax in my arms get em some remedies :)
YAWWWWNNNN. Ah I love Saturdays. These are the days when i can sleep in till 11 in th- WAIT! IT'S WEDNESDAY!!! Uh... gotta go!
I'll download that this weekend. ;)
Crepes and coffee after todays run at the international food festival in Balboa Park.
we're going in tonight. #TurnUpTime!! You better hit me up sooner than later or you getting left!
I love backwards down the number line
RT this and i will rate you on your whole profile(;
Waking Up realizing I wasted my life trying to please false a niggas and be bros with them. Smh
and you didn't like it?! I loved that movie, I guess I'm a bigger nerd than you :p
Everyone follow for #Quality tweets.
Nap time! Yay!
slipping into a depression and I'm not liking this. I'm worrying myself sick & all I am doing is sleeping & crying. this isn't me.:(
I was when LA tied the series. I wanted Buffalo to win! We could have played them for round 2! Damn Philly >.>
Send your updated resume at or join our Facebook page: facebook.com/openaccessmarketing
my birthday is today!!! 22 on 90210 bahaha yes beverly hills :)
Thanks for the follow I love precious metals and
I'm six hours away from Chicago! Will you be in NYC this summer?
you got 5 on me. I'll be 34 this summer.
I'm fine thanks for Asking
I think I have a test today.... Idk if its cambridge or ap
Why am I so into chicks in uniforms?
I'm just saying you can't put a baby in a cage, stick a water bottle on the side and feed it occasionally.
I downloaded ConJazzNess by I hope she performs in #Georgia. #Love her.
let's go celtics!
semi-truck cab with a winnebago attached : )
Also,i've decided that i'm going to finish the play I wrote for my church... I want to direct it & act Gotta make wrk my dreams come true
The despair of #poverty led to an aching heart and hunger to find a #sustainble solution. ~ #M121 CEO Brad Jeffery
Saw 1,000 Words today - good movie with a great message👍👍
I know right. Ima wear it at Vidcon!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents
Im oovooin hook me up ID name is laney Davis cuzz
I NEED #MuE :-D
Gonna watch Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide and wait for to get off work.
RT Fun fact received 16% support based on followers, received 58% support from his followers.
You sound like Wendy Williams
sometimes you have to just go with the flow, like eating green beans with a spoon b/c you don't have a fork :)
Sup Luis =) RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
you gotta Love Yankees Baseball on ESPN
the %10? Sure, it just comes naturally ;)
Happy Friday Twitter world! #Follow Friday
Nice to see the Nuggets helping a brother out. Up 21 vs the Suns.
Do you know a local Olympian - past or present? Perhaps you have been involved in the Olympics yourself? We want to hear from you!
lmao i got it.
your very cute and adorable
Cannot wait to sleep in tomorrow :)
Let's go Liverpool..
They say love is in the air so I hold my breath till I turn purple.
yes!!!! Shits ridiculous. I'm getting my number changed. 👍👏🙌🙏
yeah, really!
Tuned in to Oprah's
Love's a hole that I don't plan on falling into
“ look like basquiat.”
I'm so mad,,, but happy... Shit splashes and then it smears... Ha ha funny shit.. Goodnight
Wake y'all asses up , smell the coffee ctfu
It isn't even dark out and I could absolutely go to bed right now
Yes, I've been accused of illegally using campaign donations to hide my mistress. But honestly, who hasn't, AM I RIGHT?
Ok , what is up with my instant stream on xbox loading to 100% and then taking another 3-5 mins to actually play?
hello Arnold i like see u in war movie maybe ww2 your fan shawn
OR an old man.
okay! You will getting OLDER little girl!
Goes further -- “: Don't do social because of faith. Do social because it delivers economic value for your business. #sesny”
wassup loc , u ready for the turn up!?
#Heat 7 consecutive road losses to teams above .500...... Spo is done after this year.
send us a DM with your email if you'd like a beta account to run your own reports with...thanks!
We did meet, yo! January 27 aka the day that I fucking miss.
shit.. Time to strip!
Hare Krishna!
"For as a man thinks in his heart, so is he." - Proverbs 23:7
I can't send a DM until you follow me as well
There are quite a few benefits in place for domestic partners, yep. (Perhaps not completely equal, but growing.)
Raise your hand if you did something stupid this weekend.
Well I finally did it and gave into twitter. I am pumped to see what this is all about
Lopez: "I remember seeing Isa...hit the fence. I was on the ground & I was hurting & all I could hear was Isa crying &..."
has a
I know you have it. gimme gimme gimme. I mean please
Last puppies for sale.. Selling them cheap
Dear Wednesday please please please go super fast so I can go home and sleep . Thank you
Tonight...The Avengers. :)
"Thanks for the menu guys!"
Niggas be on some petty ish
In the mood for an open mic, for old time's sake
dressing up again tomorrow (:
- yes, terra firma. Africa was amazing. Getting back into the work groove is more challenging!
": Send me a dm so I know its real."
RT ": I wonder if people in europe have to google how to dress like an American #thingsiponder"
I would love a follow from you!!
I do just love Dale Earnhardt Jr. Heck, I love the Earnhardt family!
omg I need someone to do my makeup
boo freaking hoo
Got 1st place in my first competitive game of golf today! Word! Now GreeNHouse!
who n da trees
There's an art to subtweeting.
PETER BROWN, hilarious (and talented) author of he newbie YOU WILL BE MY FRIEND!, will be here on 9-9! 6:30pm!
I did lol and really so they're still together??
same to ya!
Apple making an astronomical amount of dough with offshore accounts. $54 billion in cash kept out of the US. By 2014, it could have $150 bil
All women aren't stuck up!!!
Welcome to the Clip Show.
Check out my blog at on AMAG symposium. Integrators arriving today for input.
We'll be streaming any second now! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Fighting still has a place in this game and it has proven that it can turn things around and swing momentum for a team.
Anyone going to AAM who's up to talk about museum websites and mobile on 4/28?
Hi, Jenny, so howwas the Price is right?
a actor
funny, you don't look a day over 39
yup. Faculty get more leeway, but anything social networking or video related is generally blocked. Kids still get around it though
Just woke up -___-
For him I would stop everything I'm doing.♥
I just had to plug my ears in the middle of Buffalo Wild Wings like a fool in order to avoid the Prometheus trailer. Dammit, June, HURRY UP.
Totally forgot to get back to you about this: I don't think anyone in the #brewers system has close to Greinke's upside.
Hey, Indy Fans! Thank you for your overwhelming participation last week! We would like to thank you and encourage you to continue sending u
Let's talk soon! Bring it : ) We'd love to do a reality show on !
Isn't Naya suppose to be at a party?? But she's watching Glee with us I think.
i was replying to your tweet last night but i accidenttly replied to another one.
Who's at the Lilac Fest? We are! Join live from Highland Park for First at 4!
It's an honor to be studying theatre with future theatre major,
Happy 60th birthday dad, I hope heavens treating you well(:
since sent you a Subway card, you should follow her!!
Thanks! Great to be here!
Daaammnn.. i knew yall had this one for sure...
Melissa Leo is my hero.
Be thankful you don't live in NYC and enjoy some outdoor dining tnt in chi.
Oh nice, so I don't exist now we've left secondary school? Nice to know all those years meant something.
cause I don't want it until I'm serious with someone.
LOL Kimberly would gladly sell her teenager to you cheap some days ;-)
were you at fam?
Wow there are absolutely no good movies in the box office now!
look towards the front! :D 
why does it keep saying pattie dmed me again?! WHAT AM I NOT SEEING
$900 on our team page. $1,000 coming in from the party. Plus a few more donations and checks from our 100+ walkers. Great job team!
You'll have a great time talking to us! <3 DM us!!
The name "Furbush" makes me chuckle. I am 8 years old.
I think it's BECAUSE of the recession that entreprenurial activities exist.
"Our marketing people need to think like PR people, and our PR people need to be marketers." - Heather Swain at CASE Branding Institute
No, Jesus!
what should I be?
ROTC students get access to early registration
My Nook Color doesn't seem quite as great... MT Amazon Kindle Fire tablet unveiled: Android-based, 7-inch display $199 price tag
Which last talk are you going to?
The Blue Bullet
wishing everyone a productive Tuesday!
On that ill iPhone flowww ;)
the difference btwn walking home w food n the US & walking home w food n india: n the US child beggars dont snatch the food from your hands.
We want to know... what are your favorite Android Tablet apps???
today was a half day i spent most of my time watching beauty vids on youtube :) tons of new hairdos i wanna try out
It's repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. & once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.~Muhammad Ali
Thank you all for your birthday messages- I'm truly blessed to have so many wonderful people in my life.
Gaah, why do bad things happen to me?
University profs in florida need good benefits or they will go elsewhere. Please preserve fl's higher ed & don't sign hb5005
West Coast to WorldWide...check out
Liquid Courage
Just learned something new >:D
Micheal Jackson's doctor found guilty for involuntary manslaughter!
This being grounded shit gotta die down.
A good conscience is a continued Christmas.
Whole department just came out to Bryant park to see the space shuttle!
#biggestbullshitwwewwfoutcome Cena beats Lesnar after delivering four moves in a half hour match.
Sitting chillin at Chaparral in scottsdale relaxing
oh sorry
Thoughts and prayers are with our partners & communities across the state working to recover from today's devastation
Follow my silly thoughts and drunken ramblings
So, tell us, and be honest here, do you love your car?
ugh, that's so simple. I'm so dumb. Thank you.
“: when are you coming to party and #FHBO again?” very soon!! ;)
Watchdog groups members like Sunlight and Public Citizen laugh at Newt's suggestion he wasn't a lobbyist
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
you're so beautiful !:D
Never confuse motion with progress! Every move should have a purpose.
Some how more to do today than yesterday. Thank the maker a beautiful woman made me banana ice cream for breakfast.
Homecoming is here! Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only $199 - Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters! Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com - New York City
holy shit, i will shit bricks if this goes on any further.......
Quote: "I Punch Small Children"
My sis starts the Appalachian Trail this weekend. Any advice for the best gear you wouldn't EVER want to forget?
Pretty sure this is a compliment when my dad asks me, "Did you get a vocal transplant?"
hey, are you going to the ny concert ? :)
Dedication. RT : Off to bed for few hrs. Gotta get up and watch #teamusa live at 2am.
Do you work with disfluency students? Would love to get your feedback on
It took me over an hour of whistling "Time is on my side" by the Stones, but I finally came up with Denzel Washington and "Fallen."
o Hell naw..they ugly
In due time!!!
This convocation is bout to be hell Smh
Fuck you, Maggie Gallagher!
Adobe is an official sponsor of the HTML5 LA User Group! (cc ) (via )
*Smiles softly up at you.* How are you, Ethan.
Annual Easter egg hunt was a success thanks to the community, Garrett hts, and freedom church. It was a blast.
Think DP Dough will deliver to Newark?
20 things about education
Happy Monday! Don't forget Summer B term starts tomorrow 6/21 - Are your courses ready?
yes I kno
Consider this cause you might not gett that chance again
I second Breaking Bad. Phenomenal. Can't go wrong with Dexter either.
Since a gucci backpack is so necessary
wow. thank you!!!!
Bring on the Cardinals! Go #Gophers in #NIT finals!
Go see it! I know the song you mean and it's no big deal. Just warn the girls ahead of time. Such a lovely, sweet show.
Reviewed stats on blog. I got a spike when I posted a nude woman with a Hello Kitty face.
I think you're an absolutely amazing actress, SO talented! Happy to be following you now. Merry Christmas! :)
Congratulations MDC grads! will be live tweeting from Kendall Campus commencement (if he can raise the WiFi).
rt Squala can make u holla: check him out here www.squalaorphan.com
Thank you!
Btw, it is with , not "surgeons"
Sunday best# sunday dinner
Right? But wealthy SAHMs don't need the "dignity" of work. RT : Making welfare moms work "from day one": Mitt corporate speak.
Wait Brian Maddox is going to the paradise fears show in Boston? Or at least this is what Facebook is telling me ...
. Yes! Excellent choice with light pasta or seafood salad.
It is still a good time though. Some day...
Shoot Outs #SkillsOnAThugsResume .
Just had a great lunch and a great meeting with the awesome ladies tv home of #texasrangers baseball and
"photogate" seems petty, no one questions your work ethic or heart. Just get better and be best TE in football next year!
AADA told us to fall forward, not back. Amiright, ?
Teaching ur kids about the value of hard work, honesty and common decency towards everyone will go a long way in making this world better
i'm cold.
oh well, I was gonna go steal Paisley again...
God morning, in NJ almost in NYC. :D
I've gone to so many shows that they all no me well not really TJ but yea
I am determined to turn my struggle into a jewel
"Take me out to the ballgame..." TKF is going to see the Padres tomorrow!
If I liked studying as much as my dog likes eating tampons, I'd be really smart.
Flying, yes. Pilot's license, no. ;)
glad you liked you should try Furthermore's beers too. :)
You should no be able to "Tag" photos of Underdog dodgeball!
I'll try! I'm pretty much booked after June 24... but I'll come before then. A LOT!
haven't seen you in a while. Hope everything's okay:)
Anyone going to be traveling for the holidays?
About to make my own moves and be grinding hard on my own, about to make my dreams come true #OneManArmy#
Sean Peyton just out-thought himself on that fake FG.
My good days never last long.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your sister's crying while talking to her bf about their relationship and you have to pass them to get some juice..
Braun says the number of the sample was 3X higher than any number in the history of drug testing. Insists it could not be his.
now you challenge my manhood. Dammit Tobey!!
thank you !
Go Big Blue!!! RT : We in Atlanta baby!!
Share an update Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators - If that's you or you know someone contact me -
Love my life right now :)
on that note did u guys & Taylor put ur head down and walk into the BEC on Tuesday without waving for security reasons or..?
*wear via last tweet
u buying the beer? lol
May my drive for success and wealth be guided by my ethics and my concern for people.
Rush Hour 3 is on !?
to our Mothers, on whose backs we have stood, on whose hearts we have rested. where would we be without mama. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! to all MOMS
loved the blog post about the history of LASIK. lots of people don't know how long it's been around. have you had LASIK done?
And for dessert... Maw Maw's Lemon Poppy Seed Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting & Strawberry Coulis. Yummy!!!
Why am I awake?
Drunk texting in not the answer.... Right?
i love her she can come
BIO Announces Governor Jon Huntsman As Keynote Speaker For The BIO Convention In China
Woodworking teaches you about both wood and working.
“: How many of you know National Beer Day is April 7?....Don't celebrate too early - still have almost an hour to go. #beer”
LOL when she kicked Lil Debbie out it was a wrap...
These streets were crazy, specifically Crenshaw Blvd.
FBI says it stopped kidnapping of innocent bystander during Hells Angels investigation. 5 SWAT teams made 26 arrests.
"You ain't seen nothin' like me yet..." Rehearsing with the band.
#Blazers need a floor general like Steve Nash. Time to call #Phoenix ?
A tourist? When you wear sports wear? No. You look like a normal American dude...with better hair. xp
Taylor Gang or buy fila pradas.
yeah my cousins looking for one. How much ?
Shame on you......doing that when you're supposed to be focusing on God.....Shame, Shame, Shame..............
come to our tuesday meeting tonight! 8pm, Monroe 114. and celebrate national pancake day with us? what? is that a thing?
and waiting for some
RT : Tix for Washington DC's BIGGEST & BEST New Year's Eve bash are about to go on sale for just $99. Check out
Getting ready for this years Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco, "The Data Frame". Exciting program.
Yankee Candle coming soon !!
Just heard from He's heading back to DEN after a SA Rampage series loss to a very good OKC team.
Thanks to for retweeting the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with their followers.
which Skrillex song did Parrino use?
Can you grow up? I did like 5years ago. Mhksy, thanks.
OMG AUSTINS NEW SINGLE IS SO AMAZING !
I can honestly say you been on my mind since I woke up today!
Walked my dog yesterday using techniques. Worked right away! We had an amazing walk, with no pulling on the leash.
I'm doing pretty good. I have no complaints.
what a Monday. See you tomorrow night at the dessert? Hope you had a great weekend.
Conversation w retired CPD- Rahm has upset a lot of people.
so its been 2hours...did ya start yet?
#NYK is this real life?
yeah I would.
Is it "National Run the Red Light Day" and I missed the memo? Geez
Hoorah! Ya can't beat a bit of bully! :-D!
Why have guys become less aggressive and more shy and feminine? And girls have become more aggressive and manly.
he proposed on my bday, Nov 19th. Tmrw is the big day, that's why I've been M.I.A, I been getting this together.
making real music!
perfect, let me know when you can, i will go to Toronto wednesday morning for a race , and i back to miami on sunday ! :))
Hey what's up guys. Havent heard from you. What's new?
Thank you so much! looks great for my next Wed date with a girlfriend.
don't be mad cuz ur man bron is, like Stephen A said, "soft as puddy" haha
Immigration and 2012: How Romney and Obama Differ
I'm boycotting you until you flush Rush!
If the frame can be reused and door is standard size, replacing it is easy.
Did you miss us??
Coach was the best show ever
Thanks to new followers including:
Friction? *prepares orbital death ray* Like, the ebook kind?
Ready for Farsi class, even did my homework - but forgot everything at home! Akheee...
William H Macy and Felicity Huffman singing their intro = best part of the night so far!
I know how you feel. I hate feeling like no one in the whole world likes you.
Thanks for spreading the word! Really appreciate it.
Looks like Investors with Epic Poker League got taken for a ride. Management took all the money . Salaries of over 200,000 each for what.
fantastic! We're fully permitted, just got on KXAN, KLBJ, and CNN! Our advertiser made it to the New York Times!
"More Kettlebell!" 584...gone! Hello Thursday.
i just simply adore Kaoru! he's my fave character!
So many beautiful girls follow me &gt;&gt;&gt;
woah that soap bubble wall thing is definitely rad, but i gave up building zome huts quite a while ago.
bruh we would stay on one.. ha
Thanks. I'll go try that now.
Hey, Hannah is an a+ sister for editing my research paper
Is it cliché to post something about 11-11-11??? I'm sure it is - but I still hope all your wishes come true. :)
Excercising at the gym - going to have a great dinner tonight
who is making your #EDC #Bikinis ? we would like a crack at it!
Spezzature- having a certain nonchalance, so as to conceal all art and make whatever one does or say appear to be w/o effort
monovision. Worked for me for a while. Demand crisp vision so have progressive lens glasses. Good luck!!!
We only part to meet again. ~ John Gay
sad. Maybe some other time. But will do. I'm hoping to have a good first visit to your state.
Today is my uncle June's birthday. Happy Bday man.
By the way the problem with my setting is only when I'm online. I like being able to change things in game. please help!!
Oh my gosh! Cant wait! Im sure it will be amazing! Love that song! :))
ah ppl are so rude!!!!
Basketball never ends
Exhausted. Trying to finish up my finals. You?
hahaha nice ^.^ well at least you know now :p
I love you
Max Browne from Sammamish, WA, the nation's top QB recruit, has committed to USC. Hey Sark, what happened to "closing the border"?
Thanks for the cake ball !
hey im outside your door! No one is answering
What?!? is into hot yoga? Somebody's lived in Madison too long. Does he also have Birkenstocks?
you are not alone. You have til 12 :P golf in this weather >>> working
ha ha ha teach u to go to sleep late lol
yeah I'm on my way home now :/
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 13 Final #eagles #redskins #nfl (Via )
Sports drink in hand and relaxing the legs. Really ready to rock the #RnRSA in the AM!
This is more than a crush, more than a like like, more than a love.
No way! Did it hit anyone?
Fucking kidding me!
MT : re blogging, my 14 yo daughter: "This is what blogging looks like - you look like you're bored, but you're not really"
Don't worry, he talks about much more than the tunnel in tonight's debate. ^jh
Ah I'm in there!! hahaha!! Great post!! LOVE IT
Anyone Else Looking forward to having 11 character slots per realm?
Ha classic! RT I AM the burned evidence! Biggest change is that I now lather sunscreen
You missed out, m'dear. But we'll hold you to that (-:
Congrats for ATT....RT : Huge day: On Friday, AT&T set a new single-day record for its iPad sales and activations.
Downtown Savannah.! Can't wait to come to college down here.! #SCAD.!!!!! :-)
I'm a woman I should know how to make simple foods
Love takes time... and so does healing. Patience...
are you tweeting and driving at the same time (:
Sometimes it's hard to keep your head up as high as it needs to be. Acting is now part of my life again :-)
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
not sure how i kept a straight face during mr cooks freak out
#WhenIWasLittle my brothers and i used to make championship belts from WWE and make believer we were the champions
HaHaHa!!! Lucky you!!:)
"Just give it a little second." My feeble attempt to convince my brother to let me listen to any Taylor Swift song in his presence.
API- interesting proposal for job creation
-- OMG you serious lol ?
Lucky! Thanks for the info.
Hey, since we don't see eachother much, I thought I'll send you my oovoo ID so we can video chat!!! Suphaphon.Phanthadeth
I love an opportunity to humorously misinterpret someone based on a typo. Horus is much funnier than hours.
yeah, I fucking hate them.
Reflection makes you move forward. Empty what you have now and let's go on a journey.
Dimond&#39;s Osborne will play D-I baseball
soccer is quier
watching your most recent video! :)
i am s disgusted by he is such an awful person cant everyone just leave each other alone come on....
Heading to gas station for a snack. I predict Sprite (crushed ice) and burrito.
Come Watch the Hoosiers in action. Great Food, Great Beer, Eat Here.
Our brothers at are celebrating 4 Years tomorrow. Pass by and support these guys.
Sampling Free State beer on Here and Now on right now.
FYI..Cubs' Ryan Dempster will host a benefit for the Dempster Family Foundation @ D’Agostinos Pizza & Pub in Wrigleyville Jan 12
the fundamental argument exists that the more jobs illegal immigrants hold, the less jobs are made available for American citizens.
Gov't steps: 1) reduce debt; 2) transparency of loan costs, and 3) enforce requirement to prepare students for "gainful employment"
Great day in NYC for #c3ny. Thanks to and everyone at
"Cold Turkey"....(gluten free, one would assume)
Why is Spike Lee dressed like he is at a funeral? He's at a Knicks game!
I'll be happy to see the rain whenever it makes an appearance.
i hate you too.
was in a car accident yesterday
Today is my last day smokin , I have to focus now
motivate as many people as you can... you never know if that one word of encouragement if what keeps them going <3
im alright :) we need to hang out again soon.
can you make it? I can't
the other one is Tiberius :3
So is it true or not?
Favre fined $100,000 for wearing purple. OK I made that up. But sounds about right, doesn't it?
I Love that he is inlove with me :)
#eli2012 blended - teachers changes in teaching: Enrich with tech, planned better, differentiated between modes, slow down F2F teaching
Read the first chapter of *Home* for
Feeling a little geeked out that someone whose controversial research I used to cite in college just sent me a Linked in request.
w Live experience with #KCXsocial (@ Kenmore Live Studio
SUP PEOPLE!!!
Great to meet you Tweet style. March 14th Work? I hear you bring the heat!
My whole Isagenix team made money this week, and I went to Executive! THAT is what's supposed to happen.
Time to Rock Santa Maria
Should of been double tech
So is slavery,uh I meant integration-"Slow down,You go too fast..."
theres men dressed as women in #witches ive onty just noticed this now.
Hey Ran into your plan partner for match/science conf. Said y'all wanna talk. Hit me up! Music Festival is over.
Too early in game to categorize who is the real front-runner for the GOP. Romney has 31 delegates; Newt 26! But who's counting?
RT If you would like to see is a local store near you?!!! S/o out to the newest member of the team...Would u like to know who?!
Shaking with excitement about the tour of the chemical heritage foundation today. The gallery is amazing!!
you tweet to much !! LOL we friends right ? :)
Same here, only because mine lost #AGiftedMan & #Alcatraz (w #BodyOfProof, #Unforgettable & CSI Miami/NY still on bubble)
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
Mike Stud boyfriend remix
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.” ― Dr. Seuss, The Lorax
alright good!
YES! & Corey Booker is worth at least THREE of chris christie.
you go guuuurrl
Exactly. Just wishful thinking. They're not "screwed" but no chance any combo of Kruger, Kindle, Upshaw gives what he did. None.
message me back!
Here comes the storm to wash the blood from my car.
like a was told from he couldnt play for don nelson, so he will have to prove himself somewhere
I wish I was the dude already standing next to a grill in flip flops with a PBR tall boy yelling "I'm just gettin' ready for 4th of July!!
In Mammoth's lowest-scoring 1st half this yr, CO with a 4-3 lead over WASH. with 2, and 1 each
Thanks Coach! Glad the word is getting out. We think this event is going to really assist recruiting efforts for JUCO guys!
Okay, i will put it in there Tomorrow :)
Successful visit with Client in Kansas. Brad and team worked hard and we moved ahead big time. Cool folks, but don't take parking spot!
Wow, they really hate world peace in Oklahoma.
KINGS ALWAYS PLEASE ROOT FOR MY BABIES
Come on out tonight and see us, Third Stream Giants! 1005 Princess Anne St. Fred. Va.! 9:30pm, www.3sgiants.com! :)
my bad didn't see ur tweet till I lft the station
TAM card check Health card check..Prepared w resume unlike earlier this week check! Interview tomorrow and Monday..schwiingg!!
I was trying to be like you! I was running wash park and fell on my face. Big chin damage and a broken hand. #klutz!
too bad.
You know you're a foodie when you care more about the name on the menu than the name on the building.
Daily Trick to Cut Your Stress
I spent the morning fishing for compliments. Caught two backhanded ones and 12 insult fish.
Paying $4 per gallon of gas in Beverly Hills. Damn!
I just wanna thank my mama for everything. I never had the silver spoon but we made it love u mama
Wow. Can't believe your store is 5yrs old! I was there on opening day with the DM at the time,Bill. Time flies!
waffles are good
So sick of this shit ain't seen my baby in two weeks
I feel the same way. I made a pledge, yet unfulfilled to go back every year for the Penn Relays. Still need to make that happen
Yep! Just DM us your Zipcard # and you'll be all set.
#Wiunion .. Only a Pic of walker in #Milwaukee... no substance. Must be pandering again.
How was it?
Where are you now When I need you the most Why don’t you take my hand I want to be close... love him singing this song...
Goal for today: Remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
. must have been massive. I'm pretty sure the entire Austin PD was hanging out on the side of I35.
Increasingly uninterested in new OSX announcements. Doesn't bode well for my life for the next few months.
Headed off to bed. Yes that's right I'm saying it. Once again early night to sleep for me. Great weekend it was.
Wishing the best for our colleagues at
Let's be real, you weren't around when shit got trill..
I know if it was a guy behind the counter you'd get whatever you wanted, that ratty troll is just hating!!
#iwannagiveashoutoutto all my haters!!!
is mad that I got upgraded and he did not :-(
what happened in Dusseldorf
I've participated in NaNoWriMo 4 times and finished twice. This year I'm using it to write, but not a novel.
Spectacular is right!!
Ugh I think my boyfriends mom shut off his phone -.-
you better have some goddamn stories when I see you, young bwah.
I love what you're doing in Newark. Would like to have u on my radio show sometime.
Did you just shoot her in the head? TO YOUR ROOM. NOW!
Boy: "Wanna see a magic trick?" "Sure!" Boy: "POOF! Hey, you're single." Boy: "Wanna hear a joke?" Girl: "Sure?" Boy: "Our Relationship..."
so true
the dope boy is in the building!
i thought they were hard boiled eggs in the picture
RT : It's a beautiful day in NC. The birds chirping, sun is out...and oh yeah BRAYBOY MADNESS! Game time baby!
Whoa! I always wonder what tattoos will look like when ppl age too.
r u goin to make a new one?
So good! Their other covers are amazing, especially Skyscraper (LisaCim is a BOSS in it), Price Tag, and Pray!
umm ill be a co-owner !
Make sure to give someone a #Hug today! It's National Hug a Friend Day.
It's appalling! Btw...why is it still called 'indian' affairs??
Anna Sui #nyc sample sale is indeed pretty sweet :)
Congrats!! You're So AMAZING ALLI! Can I PLEASE Get A Follow? It Would Make My World!!! You're So Inspirational And Pretty!
we will be! we're working very hard on it :) early next year hopefully!
New invention idea: Calculator watch for people with very fat fingers.
Poll: 22% of American, but only 6% of French respondents fear world coming to end within their lifetime. Quite telling.
Don't miss our 1-year anniversary show tomorrow night NWSports Tonight #secondyearwillbe evenbetter
Make me
Dilemma ... but it wouldn't be if you'd quit playing the marty. #makeAdecision live by it & proceed on.
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy <3
Follow back??
Power class @ 10 this morning with Bethany. Drive safe, and we'll see you then.
when are you leaving for bklyn?
Aw Hell Nawwwwwwwwwww
It could turn out to be a full time job
What's camping without beer? (:<
Jay, I can't wait to see Skip's reaction when Denver wins the SuperBowl.
are you really pregnant with twins again??? I'm praying for you girl!
a complication
Looking forward to the #HOLIDAY!
Alumni blue roster: George Schneller, Jason Pyka, Dave Pyka, Will Richey, Grant Garnett, and current head coach Jarred Samples.
is going to run some errands and finish my Christmas shopping.
I need all my Shreveport and Bossier people at Southern-Shreveport tomorrow to watch us play at 8 pm! Women start at 6!
Watchinq Video's:)
I AM FOLLOWING AND YES HOPEFULLY X
Milk at the State Fair. Also that one thing. You know, the thing with the stuff.
no i dont stop u lair
#OKC going all the way this year sorry Kobe!!!
Library time.
I'm too nice to say that. I feel bad for his wife.
Lets go! We are #CommercialFree NOW!!! :)
I had Strasberg thursday and was only like 20 and he had 13ks.
Ooh, the $5 Aziz Ansari special is the one I went to. If the camera pans the crowd, I'm the tiny asian way up and back not visibly laughing.
Gotta get ready for summer time.... We've been working on our personalities all fall/ winter...
back to my movie
is a fat whore...on Squidbillies!
Peruvian food hit the spot!
hell ya! should be a fun time
Let's go spurs... still in the lead...51-48
a thick bad bitch with ambition that don't need a man ... lol
Hey nice to see you here :)
are you saying , you voted against the Snow Shoveling Bill because you don't like the Tea Party?
damn the kings better sweep them !
