So hungry. :P FOOD!!!
regardless of how good people in los angeles think they are driving, they are horrible....
Fight or Flight - Performance Hall of National Museum of Women in the Arts at 6:00 p.m. on Tuesday, November 15, 2011.
I am the sunset in your day
I laughed when I saw the Mercedes AmEx. You get 5x points when you buy a Mercedes with it! My neighbors must have it.
Whitney houston dead at age 48. RIP
Friday and my easy classes ? Yuhh. Afterschool basketball, then spitting with Tomas
They forced it with this iPad mini and the iPhone 5 .
Shelia Jackson is absent from the meeting tonight
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY LOVE <3 RT : Kinda bummed out no one remembered my Half-Birthday today.
Jersey Shore 2 starts tomorrow! Hard to believe it's about to air. Miami seems like yesterday.
#Mets tie it!
Parents (not all of them, just more of them) have no idea what their kids are doing everyday. Do u agree?
Casual Friday. Are pants optional?
You’ve Got to Mostly Hide Your Love Away
Never let some1 be a must in your life when you're just an option in there's but i still say i must have you!! </3
On The Edge is my new favorite song, ever! (:
Nice to know that I am so highly regarded in your eyes.
Fortune favors the bold.
Around 6am with good tunes, friends, and booze, one persons name always comes up in conversation Just ask
Want brighter skin??? Come in for a Spa Facial and experience our new Brightening Polish from Glo... you'll be absolutely GLOWING!
Who's going to this year? We're excited to announce that we'll be there offering LOVEPOPS in the VIP section!!!!
New Berlin police confirm three dead and three injured in Sunday crash. The latest on this story LIVE AT 5:00 Todd Hicks TMJ4
sounds good!!
everything I've been through in the past has made me what I am tody
isn't the app developer. & are who I think you want.
“: #Scorpio Career Paths: Surgeon, courtroom lawyer, executive secretary, detective, psychiatrist” wanted to be a lawyer
We are having California weather today!
gleaned, and when she also took out and gave her what she had left over after eating her fill, 19her mother-in-law asked her, #Torah 47/99
But the machines are so pretty so and so are all the people who use them! MT Silence on Apple's tax-avoiding, profit-soaring...
Yes of course.! I thank You for letting me know about that.!
Come on over, buddy!!
Michael Taussig: "Gusinde says they were offered the same price for a pair of Indian ears as the going rate for a puma—one pound sterling."
hey just saw your tweet! yes, lots of juices for about a week..it made a big difference! but I gotta keep it up..that's hard part
love this shot of your delicious cupcake! cc:
Try Mumbles on High St. Great soup! RT : & I are reenacting mortal kombat moves. We've GOT to get out of the house
how are you?
Today my daughter wanted to pray for "mommy's office!" I hope mommy had a wonderful day at the office!
: Great to connect! I catch u sometimes on air & remember your coverage of the DC hurricane last year...you're a funny guy!
I have a disease. And people are the problem.
Actually considering skiing into work tomorrow
Agreed! I'm so glad I never listened to the streams. So worth it.
copy and paste
Check these dudes resumes
Also, no Phil and Arenas' need for the ball in his hands will hurt his effectiveness. Bench depth at best...
I wish I was famous cause i don't want go to school :-/.
: sthu bout food u makn me hungry
; I definitely do not remember this. Haha, but I could have wrote this.
yep. Read it. Thing is that the city can choose a PLA if state or federal funds are at risk. No?
Landry: Florida will look first to former Meyer guys Dan Mullen (HC Miss St) and Kyle Wittingham (HC Utah)
I'm wearing my LIKES BOYS shirt with a red plaid button down shirt. I'd say my Kurt costume for Halloween is all set. Lol
It's so cold out
Hey guys were just letting you know that we love ALL of you guys that have been patiently waiting for us to release this EP! THANK YOU<33
Cuz if they were im gonna be pissed i LIVE in miami -.-
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
for sure! send them over!
aw that's awesome!!:D
How could anyone who knows anything about Newt Gingrich be "eager for Newt". The man is a bafoon.
just realized all my past girls ive been involved with within the last 2 years were hispanic or mixed with hispanic
congratulations on the new addition! :)
#Yankees fans, what would your 'entrance' music be before an at-bat? Check out 's music on 'Tuesday Thoughts' www.Chasing800.com
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
Join us, locals, & Caramel Carmela from Denver, CO on Wednesday June 2 @ The Hideaway Lounge. 1012 N Raynor, 7:00, $7! Tell your friends!
Ramp Camp. Friday. My backyard. 15 kids, movies, tents, junk food, manic panic, bonfire, & an all nighter. I apologize to all my neighbors!
It was me. No one uses my phone but me. I have only one google account and one facebook account. I tried both.
a guilty pleasure of mine, too · cc: RT : don't hate me, but i really like A Fine Frenzy.
This day 2 years ago, I joined twitter! It was a life-changing decision. I'm serious! Love y'all! <3 My first follower was
Follow - Organizer of all things digital. We're lucky to have him as an active member of the #ROC tech scene.
Hi, an important e-mail I sent bounced back. Please let me know how to get a message to you..
it's my spring break so i haven't been at my apartment! i'm here now though so i'll check this morning on my way out :}
great meeting you guys picked up the game as I'd you have played for 20 yrs
Travel postcards from readers: A yearly bonus along this coastline is the annual arrival of the elephant seals at Piedras Blancas Bea...
Stanford is so cutting edge. I loved his latest short story in "Miss Lora", I think it was called.
FLOP CITY, BABY!!!!
Listening to some great music at TheBasement :)
lol , I can't see whatever you put :p
Hope you're wearing cute underwear.
Off to the gym!
Love to carb load pre-race? We do too! Join us at the Hilton Milwaukee City Center on Friday, June 22 from 5:00 - 7:30 pm for the Pasta...
is my bestie not cause I hate her....
LOVED hearing you talk about #acupuncture on #tiaandtamera!! Natural medicine is amazing! xoxo
I wouldn't leave home without a! Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: "I'm in the slopey part"
got me hooked on turnpike troubadours. Good stuff
Awh Lebron's momma is so cute!
My HP mug is magic. Before I pour coffee in, it says "I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good" and after it says "mischief managed"
#NFLdraft is so predictable this year
I am on my 9th consecutive listen of "Dón Provótchka" ...time for a break. But I'll probably return later.
May my apps work faster?
hey and I currently living in LA and Las Vegas. But I spend most of time in LA depending on work.
Any of your staffers Gluten Free? We have a favor to ask (will send lots of Gluten Free cookies in return!)
if u and rick ross had a baby would u need a bulldozer to pick it up
don't feel bad for them. They find hot, blind girl friends.
Great to see my friend on Twitter. Chantel is the mom of a talented young man who has authored a darling book.
Umm is right. That is so not natural.
Just remembered there's school tomorrow. The weekends go by way to fast.
If you have any questions of about the South Dade Father's Day Celebration, email us at
LOVE it! That MUST have been it! (Now I have the song in my head!)
When this EP is done, it will get in the hands of Dave Grohl. We won't sleep.
Please Heckle a dog sometime please
everybody follow dudes a beast!!!
Adversities introduced men and women to themselves.
Stipeche's comments receive hugh applause at #HISD board meeting. Trustee Rodriguez remains impassive.
Mad River, Duffys, John Barleycorn, and McGees... ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT CHICAGO!!!!!
Congrats man! RT : It's official. I'm a second-time dad!
I'm going on the 22nd!! Can't wait :-)
Very nice to find you as well. Love the shots of Camelback on ur profile. Hiked there many times!
HEY MARK! LOOK AT THIS GUY ON THE MOUND!! LET'S GIVE HIM $42 MILLION!
Thanks! I'll be back soon for sure! RT : thanks for writing about our little shop...glad you liked your smoothie
alright, celtics took care of the heat. now the sox need to finish this game.
ok so i really need to get into my creative flow must head to fabric store tomorrow!!!
Hello Happy Monday.
hopefully we will be in Canada in the years to come.
I can't believe some people thought Mayweather was NOT going to win. Smh. I knew he was gonna win that's why i wasn't worried.
Oh my god I'm so excited for this game. KICK SOME TAMPA BAY ASS! RANGERS!! I  you CJ you can do it!
gotta love the quaintness of the LeaveItToBeaver-era nostalgic folk. So cute. And such critical thinking skills!
god im so happy and its has nothin to do with 420, found my stolen bike
#TGIF Passions by K will be posting new pictures on facebook soon!! Stay tuned!!
This intrigues the heck out of me.
Now Preki will have to find someplace else to be surly
Uhm, awesome. It's opening day!
At home after delicious raw meal
i love you with all my heart! <3
Don't just stare say something especially if I know you
the bills haters!!!!
Fingers crossed that it's nothing major.
$1 off taps and an awesome steak dinner for $10.95 tonight!
The drive from Portland to the 'Couve is epic? Really? :) RT : Beginning the epic drive to
no. you were sexy.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana old banana's sake
RePEc describes documents: title, author, url. Also describes people: who wrote what, etc.
Burque! Duke city's coming up! Peep this, Going to Santa today for promo to see about a possible show if u are a local artist pls FB me
a wild guess! the WELL-DRESSED guy in the back!
“ YA BOI FUTURE ON 106 & PARK #FUTURE”
"I've got my skinny pants and my fat pants" "NOPE they're both fat pants"
Heading to Churchill downs to bet on some horses! Happy Derby!
Glad that you liked those, have you ever gotten a hair cut there? It's a classic old-school NYC barbershop!
Happy B day to you and little H! How are you decorating his room?
Love Paris, just wish my family would wake up so we could get out of the hotel room!
Pray, it will keep you stronger.
Wow Kings fans are really worn out by hearing all about Griffin and Kobe. You can't hear them at all!
Great season last year I think your really coming into your own as a shutdown Conner
thanks :D and I know, is so cute and.. oh, did you mean me? lol
leadpipe lock of the day: Steelers -6 vs Titans
APD bike unit enroute to cruise UNM and check out all the hot babes, now that the weather is nice.
got though recording like 15+ mins of my new Let's play Black ops & then i play it back to find out that the sound didn't record, i'm pissed
BREAKING: One dead in #Chardon H.S. school shooting in NE Ohio.
I'm pooped. Going back to work is rough.
Another Monday almost over, Tuesday is travel. Wednesday is heaven
I knew it hahaha
love this show! And Randy Newman had crazy lyrics lol
XD I can't wait to see what you do with it.
King 2, Churchill 1. End 5. Eric Perez fouls off three pitches before delivering 2-out single to bring home Dominique Lane.
Miss u girl! Hope you're unbelievable!!
Who knew! All I had to do to get david to hush up was let him know it's all archived on google. Blessed silence, I love you.
do you guys make fun of people who sell pre-paid legal? i do...that's SO 2001.
sending humans to Mars can help lower space access costs, if you would like to join our think tank, come to our forums at www.marsdrive.com
No, wait, it was "button your shirt." wrong inside joke!
22 followers in 3 hours and we have a year and a half to go.. This is going to be one hell of a party! Thanks for the support.
Ever had a big surprise on your birthday? Not just a party but something you didn't expect?
Who just scheduled a Skype date with ?!
my cousin and we just joined him and his friends for dinner I couldn't come along for anything after that
I hate when people tell me I look like another person....I want to be original :/
Thanks to all of our most recent followers - so many!
Friday at last, although it feels like it should have been here 3 days ago.
I would SO watch that.
Scramble with (:
which is not you!
Work Hard, Play Harder (;
Maybe contacts would help! :) RT : There are only 3 elk in Arizona...and somehow all three are faster than me
Giants defense Ranked 29th not much better then GB 32nd.
You have to make sure you're at the total front of the stage and everything. Some directioners might even camp out tonight.
Since "text" is now a verb, I agree that its past tense is "texted". Saying it as "he text me yesterday" is as bad as "I seen it yesterday"
Thanks so much for the shoutout.
Goodbye social life. Hello #finals!
caching. If order is fixed much easier to put a cache in front of image server. Also allows actual dir structure with files.
Ed Sheeran on VH1 brings me back to London
Sometimes life works in mysterious ways, count your blessings and stay humble. Best sales training my Grandfather ever gave me!
on the digital divide and access to health info!
Good so far. Getting some freelance gigs, hoping for 2 days a week at Trader Joe's. #CleanupOnAisle7!!!
"When artists give form to revelation, their art can advance, deepen, and potentially transform the consciousness of their community" - ...
you're a fool!
": oh , so your not a slut ? then what are you ? a volunteer prostitute ?"
Chevy commercial sucks just like their cars
Tie dying shirts with the track girls! 😊
Thatz wuz up I hate Rogers county!!!
looks like a BADASS move!
. Can't wait 2 see u @ ur show @ The Music Box. Thanx for dropping by w/ ur buds to announce it on !
Ok....about to watch #vampirediaries finale!!!! No body bother me for the next 45 min!!
Twitter probably got as much drama as facebook it's just we don't see it cause our TL stay moving.
nap time
yeah, to write, to listen, the world goes round!
Just got back from the dog park with and our German Shepherd Brody
'Everyday I'm Shufflin' with lol :]
Ed Sheeran + Taylor Swift.
Long b4 a teacher is blamed leadership on all levels need to be examined. Want edu to work 4 every will take leadership
Today is dragging ass lol ugh someone save me PLZ :D
lost all motivation when I had to switch libraries.
true wisco fan right there. That's why we love you
So busy w/ work lately. Havent had the chance to chat lately. Miss you guys my euroduo and lovely
wow..really?.rich people think they know better eg.bernald madoff, donald trumph
Drinking coffee and skipping church. At least I'll be awake for when I'm burning in hell...
What's up bro???? Holla when you get a chance!!
I just typed something then I thought twice about it.
and I made it through #Irene with no damage or power outages. What things are like at my place in Newark I'll find out soon.
you have the best updates - Saturday, Cedar Tree Neck Christmas tree cutting - yes!
ohh no way man, I'm a big House of Leaves fan. Definitely someone else you're thinking of. :) crazy book.
That would be pretty awesome :)
I think there is a tinier version of Jose Canseco inside of the Life size Jose Canseco and that little deviant tweets these gems
How do I contact someone at FB if I can't "like" anything or update my status? No answers on the help pages. Thx!
This justification wouldn't work in the tangible goods space. "Ferrari isn't meeting my needs for a reasonably priced car.."
I am an education major from Ohio University- Many, Many moons ago.How did you find me?
Wanna see a private show with Foster The People?? Check it below...
u my faveeee
i hope you CANT find a spoon for a microphone...
T-minus 24 hours exactly until tattoo time.
my leg broke, but I gotta do this. I put the team on my back do!
You should. I'm so excited for you to visit!
I would rather be surrounded by smart people than have a huge budget. Smart people will get you there faster. - The McKinsey Way
Well that was just a slap in the fucking face..
I hate Tetris.
Hello dear. How are you?
LOL happy 2 judge this quote contest as being as ur all on a roll- :)
Thanks to all who played the Morning Mindbender and congrats to who got the correct answer which is.....
Try our new gluten-free strawberry muffin. It's seriously delicious!
Im not the coldest but I'm learning n I'm learning fast just wait god bout to open a few doors for me just wait
The #knicks are my favorite team. Go defense!
oh hey! yeah im never really on twitter very much
Girl dont touch my protection because I know you want it to slip..well ok maybe this once
Goal setting is the foundation of fulfillment
Uh oh, Bosh is out! Might be some issues for the Heat..
we just ate fuku burger
Im a fighter
thanks for sharing . It's so imp to remember
finna cheat & Google it. Now I need to know lol.
Officially a stylist! → Helped sonia get ready for PROM. Hope they have fun :3 #feelinlikeaproudmother lol
RT : RT : How big exactly is Twitter in 2012, this great infographic explains
I could care less how y'all feel I got the flo make a bitch do kart wheel!-chiddy bang
youre in Nashoba??!?!?!? im on call today and im at Boltons station covering for them. text me pls! X
If the world would be a better place without my brother that means I can kill him right.?
Our Voter Registration table is at West Senior Center dining room. We are registering seniors every Tue & Thu during January.
Football banquet
Another lovely dinner 's. Introverted me loves smaller gatherings that end early on work nights.
Under My Thumb.
happy mothers day.
FOURTH QUARTER LETS GO !
Hate my life..
Prediction: 1: #CrazyBill will forget he hates me. 2: He will confront me. 3 He will mentally confront me; schizo on schizo. Betting on 3..
I'll be ready when I get back in town.
UPDATE 2-UBS loses bid to dismiss FHFA ... - Best Rate Mortgage
2chainz had the rawest verseRT mercy goes in but i aint diggin the hook tho
I feel so proud to be a Gleek. In my eyes it's is the beat fan base I have ever been in <3
Making some changes.
hbo is an easy target. They better be careful or he will end up on epix like K squared.
#apps #socialmedia Yerger Tech is DC's most efficient Social Media Management company. Hit us up
Very proud to be a Sigma Chi!
Having printer problems. Getting aggravated.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Treat your friends like you do your best pictures; place them in the best light." ~Unknown
Broad shows that level of dissent when he AGREES with the umpire's decision.
Awesome Asssscat show tonight at ! No wonder everyone's willing to stand in line in the rain.
#kickinit could easily be a TT if everyone ended their tweets with #kickinit!
Great! Can't wait to have you back! RT : Can't resist the chocolate croissants; but the beignets come in a...
stop pandering and trying to bring in the youth vote. Just fix it Mr. President.
my photos of my babies seem to have been lost in my office move from one corner of the city to the other. devastated.
Read someone retweet from out loud & my sister thought i was just randomly looking up facts about vagina's.
But I am learning to embrace that side of me ... If I don't no one else will
Montana trip over. Loved Bozeman and Missoula...
lol are you serious!
Love the subject line in an email from this morning : It's time to order Papa John's again! Thanks for the reminder...
He was with me today(; and it made my day<3
Anyone checking out at tonight? Excited to finally get to attend one of these.
My grandmother always said don't argue with a fool because someone on the outside listening might not know who's who.
did anyone get back to you?
I said it's great to be a Florida Gator....
write ne on fb
That night & that time it felt so right & honestly it still feels so right.
been following since u have been on B&S favorite show u really make wednesday night special thanks
Watching the movie Coco Chanel..
Gonna get me a big bowl of tomato soup, jump into the recliner, and watch some Monday Night Football.
. Glad I stumbled upon the convo!
it's official. i hate doctors..
Great final night at Holiday Inn. Thanks for the shout out, when we do another Alumni Holidae In you best be DJing.
I like that combination between creativeness and the creative process and the organization needed to make a business successful worldwide.
VEGAS lets Get this PALAZZO
I had a wonderful Easter dinner with and the family -- now off to work to begin Week No. 2 at my new writing job
Which is not to say I don't love San Antonio. But I miss jagged coasts, mountains, and hippies.
Union leaders plan next step in Unilever pension battle
whoa. brutal.
I could be wrong, but I just don't see United wanting to get in a bidding war with City or CFC.
Moving on to some easy stories that can be done: Hearing loss, vision loss, undiagnosed brian injuries
Beautiful photos Lisa. Wish we were there.
No not #Nene!!! We will miss you.
lets get everyone to DL #ExperienceJoeRogan free from the Android Market! RT!!!
I wonder how many people at Coachella were completely stoned out of their minds and were freaking out that Tupac was there.
The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. -Oprah
I drive operational excellence in a group of companies
i'm in that thing!
ain't nothing like some nice country fried steak m. :D
well, I gotta find somebody to buy what I'm sellin' first lol
Holy crap this was a great night to live in the Philly area!
Woah, hey guys remember Circuit City? I use to love that store...
106 degrees in PHX...I think the rubber on my #adidas is melting.
fuck this. i broke my nail playin basketball. 😣
How is everybody liking that Grilled Cheese Panini? Should it stay?
Carl - come to Velocity to get in some tough workouts so you can lead the Red Bulls to an undefeated season next year!
Feliz dia de los muertos! Thanks to everyone that came to our Halloween contest last night!
bulls fan
waaaiiiiittt...i'll send u the link one sec. (:
Gdnight twitter world Matt busted his ass it was a good night one love
#PdPlus quote:"October Surprise from another age. We have an 'Oct. Surprise' every 10 minutes. You can't hold anything anymore."
we love working with Augusta students!
It was awesome! RT : This house smells SO good! I hope this pasta came out as good as it smells!
Nichols: $ from cap & trade has to be used for reducing CO2 emissions. Broad spectrum but would not reopen parks or add more teachers.
Yum! Do report back. And share pics too, please.
first impression COUNT! If you don't chances are you won't get another!
aww hello NeeCee's dad! God bless!!
follow before she commits!3
‘The Voice’ Fans Petition To Have Jesse Campbell Reinstated On Show
#antenna Terk Indoor Am Antenna Advantage
meeting the building owner today TO LOOK @ space/talk about moving with the deal. Wish us luck OMG'ers! we are so close to actual space!
Planning the perfect cinco de mayo meal with the help of !
Cool! I have yet to reach the 50k mark the 3 years I've done it & need to meld it with my classes & research this year.
Good Morning Twitter!!! It's kinda early and it's already HW time!!! this ish is killing me!!!
reading and reading trying to study not going to well but a beautiful night out in Vegas on the flip side:)))
okay quintiles,i just did a study i'll be back on the 24th to get my money. Kmon KUIO I need my money you guys are killing me.
Isn't my profile perfect? x_x
#Feng Shui Tip: Energy is in our thoughts. Loving thoughts create more ♥, non-loving thoughts create more negative energy. Choose Love!
I seem to have misplaced The Locked Room, 30 pages before the end. This is torture.
Show me what to do..
Samuel Greco, Andrew Markel, Galen Weber and Vetone Ivezaj won the GUSA senate election Thursday. The Village A E-H seat remains unfilled.
keep trying man!
jelly. I want a margarita. Lol
=) RT My bra keeps unfastening on it's own...apparently it didn't get the memo that these are working hours right now!
Yea, me too. I guess the system actually works for the #deadbeats instead of the #children We'll live though!
#Lenexa is still out. Thanks for blowing up my #finalfour #kubball tradition, moving a huge party to a #DirectTV home.
Um, my phone has been restarting itself every couple of minutes. I'm getting concerned...
FASHION TIP: Coral is HOT. Buy some orange/coral something this week for spring!
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain. No pain.
we have two free tickets to giveaway here and kevin-john signing lynn swann lithographs. What's at pnc park?
Thx!! RT : Nice reconnecting w/ Karen Mack of ! Love "Found LA" program & look forward to partnership w/ Mayor's Office!
RT: If men got pregnant, Planned Parenthood would be funded at military levels.”
Events guide: Easter and Passover 2012
Wasup wit some waffle house?
nothing's perfect
best quote of the day "If you dont like gay marriage then blame straight people. they keep having gay babies!"
We're out at #Nasstrac this week - Meet our team !
thanks how r u?
gotcha- not far myself. actually looking to join btyne or rejoin pcc. u play those courses?
": Never thought i'd say this again in life but.....next stop: Carbondale." Oh sh*t son! Check on Tremell.
I don't think it's you. I think it's the others that go w/ rhetoric.
Post #Easter brunch ! ♥ this place...
RT : I'd forgive Romney the flip flops if it weren't for the white socks.
hey man thanks for following!
Shoutouts to all my family/supporters/fans/real friends.. Thank you for your prayers on my journey this weekend!! Its our time!!
Micah's not in pic but 13, 9 and Isaiah who's only 9 wears a 7! I need another job just to put shoes on their feet! :)
": LSP will be wild today. Who's gonna be out there? #SKC #Ibelieve"
rub it in - I'm at home with a heat pad and an elevated leg...ENJOY ;-)
OTOH at least I'm not in Arlington at the Sox game
uh huh sure you did. I got my eye on you...
Fado Lovers In The House Tonight! Come hear Emilia Silva...
Dumb. Not #Mizzou's fault Cal, IL, Nova, and ODU were terrible this year. Look what they did against tourney teams & record.
At shuckers shore drive... Always the same in VB
you're going to the Chicago show?! You should totally do the "Call me maybe" bit. I would! Haha!
Pivotal meaning point when the band began to suck R.E.M.'s Life's Rich Pageant is named Best New Reissue: "a pivotal album"
keep up the good work. Looking good! Happy New Year!
smoking, baking cheddar scones, so much whiskey, cathedral of st.john, no sleep, and as much mysticism as i can handle.
Should I be concerned or happy that my advisor removed my advisor registration hold without ever actually speaking to me?
Waiting patiently by my computer in El Cajon
Cool weather finally, need to take advantage!
I don't know the story, just saw the headlines but...... Ouch!!!
everything i say here will eventually be used to market to me in some way...
At this point, even some sort of change seems like a positive step in the right direction.
#dailyfeedback We're looking for songs about "ladies of the night". Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
What is your favorite Lebanese dish?
of course! and a live mariachi band..*cue the music*
Wow - beautiful day today in the Duke City!
Today - rereading 1st draft, all in one sitting. On 1, 2, 3...
i hope this ceremony doesn't ruin the chances for michel hazanavicius and berenice bejo's celebratory bone
Miss my boo ... already
Anyone up for some golf or disc golf?
And thanks for the RT!
Dudem... Where is my car
Why are we perpetuating the rude #TT again?
Going skiing with big sis today. She has been up dozens of times this year but I still plan to beat her down the hill. Shhhh.
wow... i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
I dig anyone who digs a good drink.
I never argue. I just explain why I am right.
Today I got to touch all the gross, crumbly, rotting books.
what happened?
Is it too geeky to say reading Machiavelli's The Prince makes me want to play Age of Empires?
RT: Our Debut Album KEEP EM FLYING will be out May 8th! Followed by Release show w/ at on May 17th.
Looks like the story on #Educare is airing this morning. Tune in and let us know what you think!
Does anyone else feel awkward in a waiting room full of people?
RT Why in the world do people have kids && they know they can't take care if them?!
ah thank you so much! your the best sweetie! p.s i do miss u!
they are in the same families as dogs and wolves, so yeah I guess in layman terms they're dogs
to hell with Bozo, it's all about the return of Fizbo!! Can't wait to see the episode!
RT : S/o to food is great.lol< thanks for the support tell all your friends about us!
RT: : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test their character, give them power. -A. Lincoln
#tweetmovies - When Harry Tweeted Sally
me of course! I sold my iPad 1 a couple weeks ago in anti caption. Surprisingly I got $330 for just the wifi 16GB model.
Bottom line I hate Mondays.
Spring is more interesting than twitter.
Can't wait for Niggas With Coke/ coke boys 3 about to bump this until Excuse my french
Ask yourself this before embarking upon your career of Real Estate Investing-Do I have the commitment? The #1 attribute you must have!
Happy Sunday twitter family & remember - kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!!
should've been
Its suppose to be nice for like the nest ten days.omfg thank you<3
good night!! tweety-bird!!
First tweet eva...what's good? Heading to the mall w and to get my shorty a gift for her b-day. Holler!
Download our album "Vulture" on #support the
I hope you can all stay Tuesday night. I want to stream a show about what we are doing there! cc
Does he love his guy fans?
Well, you're welcome to visit anytime :)
Of course, Christopher Plummer is not played off. Not that he should be. Octavia Spencer shouldn't have been either.
no :( wasn't in the cards for me this year.
I'm gonna be at graduation on Thursday so i better see you!!
Whasssssupp #MHCCIM???!!!! Can I get an RT???!!! Who's goin to the volleyball game tonight at Mt Hood? I'm shooting on the strobes! ;-)
I m-t mouse traps that's why I am the KING.
ha I will try... wife heading out there in a few month then we all gov in Nov, miss home jut not the snobs. :-)
that's a lot of white people.
Just got a wisdom tooth pulled,which though uncomfortable was still a more enjoyable experience than listening to a Mitt Romney stump speech
I believe cheesehead tv has a list of packers bars. Not sure if worldwide however.
you should come check out our new menu!
HA!! idk if everyone has seen it though
: you're both right on. more disappointed than annoyed. i can live with all kinds of imperfection, in order to connect.
Alrighty, the ladder set is up (: I can't wait to see what people think of it! Miss you, xox!
Kony 2012 needs to be stopped.
lol Sleep is the Reward for a Job well Done Big Man!! Enjoy!
Soo much to take in tonight. But know that I will always love and support you<3
this is an intriguing conversation :)
Just passed through Hattiesburg, Mississippi headed toward Gulfport. Scenery is pretty, but no way could I live here.
Thanks for the RT, buddy!
RT House to myself. Music full blast
Why play an edit of Foster The People? If the word GUN is that big of a deal bleeping it doesn't take away the message. Just don't play it.
Watching Whitney Houston movie "Body Guard".
HEY!! Fuck you buddy
self proclaimed best tweeter on this side of Vietnam, when do you arrive in the middle of America?
singing or speaking? Either way, good on you for taking it seriously. You've only one voice, +it's your instrument.
D-rose have mercy!!
Working without planning is Busy work.... Planning, setting goals and working towards those goals is Productive work...
mating bugs- go to Florida. They have the love bug; all it does is copulate. They are escapee from the science lab.
1 more hour and it's wine time with the lovely !!!
I got the Kit Kat World Variety yesterday! Different than I expected. Cool, though. :)
for sure!
best closer ever, yes. but i am not going to tell the man to call it a day. especially based on numbers achieved.
party over here lol
So sad your show moved to NatGeo Wild. That channel is not available in Charleston, WV. My dog, Bodhi, is sad too.
AMEN! I'm stressin.
Listening to a #Zero7 type mix and realizing how awesome #chilltango and #soundsutra is. Writing a new blog, will publish soon!
u have a great one urself! ;o)
Always cover your drink
At #cc12 in Baltimore, "LGBT & Labor: One Struggle One Fight workshop" begins at 10:45am, Holiday 4.
Pfft 60 is cold lol I'm a warm weather person.
You're the one wearing dumb ass heels not me so I'm just going to walk around you and your stupid huge bags and just scoot. Thanks
yeah ..how u been??
A black woman who let's you touch her weave!
That's the kind of guy you smell when he walks by. That's not moose shit!
hmm, maybe that's what Shoppach's trying to do with his bat...
Spring is here. Buy your mate an umbrella in his or her favorite color.
I bet they'll accommodate you....hope so!
Its going to be a beautiful day in Boston! Tia's is serving brunch from 10am to 2pm
That's okay. Jumanji is on and I'm supposed to be studying.
Best food ever (:
wow I'm so jealous right now D: soo purddyy there, looks like you had fun :]
I want to see titanic in 3D!!
why we so coo
Dave and Busters is tripping with there party setup. Gotta find a new venue.
Math teacher is the biggest dumbass. We all failed a test, guess that means we're all bad students? Oh yeah, because that makes sense...
Only 1 hour left of our #BlackFriday #Sale - 10% OFF EVERYTHING in our store until 12pm today! We will see you soon!
Studying at the lib with
Looking forward to this session on "Big Data and APIs for PHP Devs". May come in handy for an upcoming project.
It you wanted me to stick around put the effort in while I still care. Cause once a girl stops giving a fuck that means your shit outta luck
It's officially official, I'll be making my travel arrangements for China on Monday. I should be leaving Pittsburgh April 5th.
that's very true haha
Thanks for the kind words. I am always in a state of shock after those things - mostly because I can't remember what I said.
My sweater-free day was a big bust. Perhaps today?
Our sales team earned a pamper day today! I'm getting a mani/pedi later. How do you reward your employees?
SHUT UP!!! Lol
ur a pussy
New to instagram... Let's see how this goes...
why r u crying?
Thanks for getting the word out about our Android giveaway to celebrate First Then Visual Schedule on Android!
lol. I'm basically right there then! On official business, of course.
Hey #TransformDH: srsly, get in touch w/Christine DeLucia (Yale) about her critically-sharp work on US indigenous history & digitization.
where we gettin' pizza when you're home? Donato's, Larosa's or Dewey's?
Waiting on the street. All the smiling faces passing by. Fucking tourists.
DEVIL GET UP OFF ME:-\
Damn what did I do for the un-follow lady friend?
Pretending is like hiding your good quality, skills, and achievements.Just be truthful even if dont care. Being honest is important in life.
Jizz In My Pants
So happy beat us to it! Approval Addiction is 2.99 this month! Download this #ebook to your favorite reader
Should have a rough cut of Home Brewed ready this Thursday! Can't wait to see you guys in action!
Tweet of the morning: "Shaquille O’Neal earns Doctorate of Education degree" (Via )
KU losing was my birthday gift to you. :)
what's good prima!
Doing great, how about you? Got a cool surprise coming if you are going to be around a bit :)
Do I lose man points by having #tanning lotion named "Snookie"?!
I totally agree and nothings wrong wit that :-)
Great Motivational speaker, ! RT : Kemy Joseph! The Art of You R Awesome!
Gooch's team pulling an amazing comeback. Sporting 3 - 2
arrrggg, cant keep my eyes open,
you are a real Golden Girl.
thanks for the follow! I look forward to tweeting you :-)
RT : I pray 4 & eagerly w8 for govt. Gridlock!!! #tcot>stop feeding this monster and it will die!!!
Oh well, eoc's are over for me I don't care.
We will be revealing the FIRST DELICIOUS LICKS FLAVOR tomorrow!!!!
We have 2 pairs of tix for tmrw's super sold out Club show; top 2 haikus wins you +1 on guestlist. Deadline 5pm tonight! xo
What is my obsession with nachos about lately? All varities and flavors!
Final film showings (cont): Very Extremely Dangerous, The Source, Tchoupitlas, Sun Don't Shine, Reconvergence, & Lovely Molly (2/2)
Was it over when the German bombed Pearl Harbor? Possibly. I think 90 percent of #Orioles games feature this comeback video in the 9th.
Only if I have Natalie Portman tag along.
#3 - Just do it
How 'bout and in Philly?
Partying with my Masonic brothers in maryland. Good night
“Customer experience is the new advertising department.” - Max Kalehoff, author
Great, thank you! We look forward to it!
Perfect Sunday evening track • RT : 10:55 The Pines - Shiny Shoes
Don't apologize for being a man; embrace your natural desires and instincts.
How about Trulucks on Westheimer? I had my birthday dinner there. Awesome food.
lunch plans? Sobelmans with the Mrs and I?
Do you remember the supply side economics of the early Reagan days.
That horrible moment when you find out that the boy you've always thought was soo sexy, is gay.... :(
If OKC is this much better than the Lakers how crappy are the Nuggets?
Morning coffee after a great night of drinks and catching up with an NC friend in San Francisco. Thanks Brian! (@ Cafe La Flore)
Nanas up on that iPhone negros....
Black people are officially fed up with 's bullshit.
YES YES YES RT : Kobe and Kevin Durant coming.
Just cruised over the 35k mark in the novel. The words must flow. :)
Every time I use the word "share" (or -ing, -ed) I'm afraid I'm going to type "shart" and embarrass myself.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!118
Really, 90210? ": CW has renewed Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries, and 90210..."
Follow , he's interested in personal communication and productivity.
Thank you for the follow! See you soon!
Glad you applied. Thanks for spreading the word!
I found where everyone in MKE was hiding: the West Allis Target's electronic dept.
I want to be part of the generation that when we leave this world, everyone has had a chance to know real love. Everyone.
SMILE CUZ... your beautiful.
ha! Sounds really fun:]
You let me down tonight girl. I hope you used this time to get your head together.
"Rock With You" is a popular song title. Can you think of any musical acts that perform this track?
If we all gave a little more emotionally, physically, and financially to just one person we could make a huge difference.
Yes!! #headshots RT : My manager: "My screen is awash in bright colors of yellow, orange, and green! Very fun!"
and this is why you're my favorite
the BOMBlette- bacon, eggs, cheese, hashbrowns
Haha okayy :p ": Me!!!!!!: I still have cookies left... Who wants some?(:"'
Happy Birthday and #FF to and
Hill's 1B ends Hamels' streak of consecutive batters retired at 18.
my pleasure!
I have waited all my life to see Roger Sterling in a pink towel turban.
Iconoclastic Invert!! :D I like it!
so much fun killing time with everyone - #SXSW house party at 3pm today, DM us for address
THEY DID?!
Looking at this formative Kentucky roster, I'd think the guy other than Davis that Calipari wants back most would be Doron Lamb.
Boris Johnson, Conservative party, referred to phone hacking as Codswallop (Sounds dirty doesn't it?)
Cool pic. Are you in Chicago today? Or is that from your last trip?
All the Chicago sports teams lost tonight.
You make me dream about Paris all day long!
loves that her face hurts from cracking up for the last hour and a half.
hope brother. HOPE
Trying out Tweetdeck again after a couple of years haitus. Got spooked by the little chirping update popup.
Miles Stroth Workshop tonight.
not disagreeing about problems that we should fix, just that attacking women and their costume choices is an effective approach
The future starts today, not tomorrow. ~ Pope John Paul II
What's worse? Forcing a female child to have sex or forcing a young boy to murder his parents? This guy makes kids do both!
Really? I agree it fules the fire!! Those that say you can't are just too afraid to try themselves.
Damn all the ladies here at the gym today lol
-pretends to have an injury from painful grass-
You look great. Very classy. Very sexy. I like you like this better.
653 on direct tv.Heat game
one of my colleagues who took TV Highway and left two hours ago is still in Beaverton. Maybe I'll just stay here.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co,!
Each Sub culture in Miami is so interesting,unique & awesome! What a great life here we all have living in Miami Florida ☀👙🏄🎧🏈🏀⚽⚾🎾⛳🎱
Frankly, we speak very little about our company, products and services – our tweets are focused on education.
Miss my mom
And I love u you, just thought I let you know! <3
Good vibes and happy thoughts 👌😌
Back to work. Does anyone know the numbers for the next power ball drawing. would like to stay home next year.
David Stern sucks...
I love Tina Fey. I'm thoroughly enjoying Bossypants, but I do almost wish it was just a bit more...memoir-y.
lol. I that case, I wish alcohol on the plane wasn't so expensive!
again, it's 2:30am and my eyes are glued to the pages of the hunger games.... I dont ever read either, this is odd for me, but I love it.
what day do you get in this week. Would like to catch up. Text if you want. 4143501423
Snuggle buddies >>>
maybe i'll be on later.. i really hope so... its hard to say bye...
I can't hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
ok thats cool
You can't keep a legend in the shadows for long.
Exactly - like auto market research - when ask customers what they want? more cupholders - not a completely new design!
From UW Coach Bret Bielema: Aaron Henry will return punts and James White will return kicks. Ricky Wagner will start at right tackle
Also "don't let me die" is available on Itunes Now!!! Check your local listings when/where airs in your area!!! May 15 #EXCITED!!!
#glutenfree Cream puffs are almost gone. No surprise really.
Me-Lol I love Jerry! Mom-Me too! He is so cute.. Me- O.o Ma I dont think we are talking about the same Jerry...
thanks for the RT yesterday. I appreciate it.
I really hope I get a visa into heaven tomorrow, otherwise I guess I'll have to sneak over the gate...
Follow back?
Ryan Anstett is a DP/Cinematographer and post production Editor. We are so pleased to have him on our team.
Good morning, Cynthia! Have a wonderful Wednesday to you too! :-)
Trainer Trey is about to embark on a triathlon training odyssey. <Insert pun about the number 3 below>
u ASSHOLE MEGAN U HURT JENNA AGAIN IM FUCKIN DONE
Walk softly and carry a big stick, you will go far. Not in Seattle today!!!
Pissed off already this early in the morning
Enough of this cloak and dagger crap OSU... Is Meyer the coach or not?
Ole! May is national salsa month. Here's a toughie: What's your favorite local Mexican joint? Are you team Allende or Frontera Grill?
why not? LOL
Getting our booth ready for the PGA Show. Orlando is nice in January.
I don't think Vokoun had an overall shitty season.
thank you!
YAY! Go Hayley and Baby G!
Someone will hire Petrino in a year or two and get a hell of a steal
just hit 100!!!
I guess My chances of seeing her on April 22 is none !:(
hee hee - I feel the same way, book piles a hazard in my house and office but the egalleys help with the clutter
Haha King who? Dirk is the man.
is that a joke?
can never be too cautious...
He'll never make it to the NBA ..you gave him weak ankles out the gate.
Dear entercom ghost... Stop bothering the leave the studio!
When I was younger a friend dreamt I was gaybashed at a club & he promised me he'd never let me get hurt. He saved me from getting shot 3x.
So on ur show tonight was a band named "Wallpaper" with a song called "Fucking Best Song Ever." It is the worst song ever.
That song is my karaoke special
happy birthday, hope your day is amazing. :)
": is it 5:30 yet? can't wait to see the loves of my life, and #datenight"
tv sucks...pulling out the Kindle 📖
RT : #ThingsThatINeed someone to do my hair for me everyday
On the work travel docket for 2012: Denver, Vegas, and NOLA. So psyched!
Good morning, Nick.
i love that miss piggy is on
Working with & today.... oughta be a great day!
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here for all of you.
I guess is hot now.
are we making waffels if so I can bring eggs, spray, syrup, amd whisk
SA STILL LOVES YOU!!!!
I was arguing for general ed not being about distinct pockets of learning but being about connecting learning & disciplines.
Wonder what it will take to move Rickie out of lead off spot...
Twilight on Telemundo!
Awh but y'all were at animal kingdom haha why not Hollywood studios or magic kingdom?? ahahaha
they hating on you sweetie
Phony reviews on #Google #places a thing of thing past? #Google listings took a hit today, many popular social sites' reviews are gone...
From fortune cookie: Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossibe.
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
writing an essay i gtg
... is cooperating on a preservation plan proposal for restoration of a historic property in Cobb County. I love consultant work!
Tweetup is over. Will post pics tonight. Thanks for following. We had a blast! Learned a lot.
Yes, he is touring with them as far as I can tell
did you know she's in Chicago directing a play?
Social Media is not free. Your time is money! So when you're spending 4 hours on facebook, what is it costing you?
. wins the "name that tune" competition. For any tango tune. There isn't even any competition, really.
come by _EVilla for Orchard Lounge tomorrow.
false. Sorry to burst your bubble
My prayers tonight will be focused on PATIENCE ...I need some 🙏
Yup Omg Geo pepiled to my messeage on FB :D He sais that hell try his best to make a live webchat!
good luck with demo day! might see you tonight.
Perhaps an important detail: <- Atheist
Thank he had the song turned up loud!
Thank you mom for sending me with a case of #vernors :)
hey stranger! Have a good day?
National e-invocing Fora already set up in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Ireland (cont)
Ah, thanks. Keep watching; there's a lot more where that came from.
Thanks for coming out! Drive safe! “: Long day at saw some great stuff. Calling it a day.”
I hope I never have to use a cane/walker when i'm old 👴
RT : Showing physicians their performance via HIT allows them 2 compete w/each other 2 score higher on KPIs including quality
Seeking #PMP certified project managers for opportunities in #Albuquerque. Contact me at to learn more.
Thanks for playing our song!
Wow! Part 1 of the Holiday feast! Thank you :-)
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel”
Where in the world are you traveling nowadays? We haven't heard from you in a while.
I think I learned all the words to that in '99 when I was at the All-Star game at Fenway. It was the only thing they played.
what are yall talking about down there?
omg yes. my friends Austin. I just hug them because it must be hard to be blind.
what for?
That's a lot of sexy naked people!!
any word on lifting the suspension? I sent my ticket 2 days ago.
lmao whatever. Ok deal. But u have 2 visit me 2. I'll never talk 2 u ever again if u don't. Lol.
Live music weekend starts tonight with Group Therapy. Then you take the stage for karaoke at 10pm!
"Many more words to describe sadness than happiness" How many words to describe connectedness? More than those two combined?
Yeah, but think of all the mayhem we could incite being in the same city.
I sent it.
im in school really bored so I thought I would try to talk to bailey soo HII bailey(:
I swear you speak a different language ... I don't even attempt to read your tweets anymore lol
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: "dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod."
To awaken quite alone in a strange town is one of the pleasantest sensations in the world � Freya Stark
“: Enjoying show? Pretty crazy watching myself on NBC. Is that the sound of grant tinker rolling over?” I'm loving it.
I don't feel good at all right now :/
i thought i saved my rough draft but i didnt, so now i have to write four pages all over again
I started shit in
Thank you. :)
"Cuz the possibility, that you would ever feel the same way about me, it's just too much, just too much."
Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe! (via )
James Rodgers snags the ball away from the defender for a 28 yard TD! Canfield delivers a great pass. OSU up 23-21 with 14 seconds in half.
I've been good too, busy with school & junior year. Lol
can someone explain how 2p2 could possibly be down for two weeks after getting hacked, i mean this is 2012 not the late 90's right
At this time we have no available appointments today. Appointments for Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday still available.
Thx. Pls tell Tim from Colorado I said hello.
"I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death" - Patrick Henry, March 23rd, 1775
Can't believe I've been silent on twitter for so long... time to get back into tweeting!
thank you for the follow!
Had a great time talking today! I lived in Oz for a while, always love chatting with people who visited. #Amazing place
Welcome to our new Twitter Account!
Haha that only works if there's a link that adequately describes my view. Then again, I don't read all the con nudie mags.
Stfu Sometimes I Mean Damn... Smh
Yea.. I fucked that tweet up .. So.. Bitch I'm grown .
Your face...i like that shit (;
Tweet your ridiculous #mylifeisny experiences, we'll retweet the best
how magical was today?
thank you :-)
wow u lame foe that
Agreed! RT : #RamonWOW #SMSS by far the best presenter of the event!
Just spent way too long debugging PHP not working properly with relative path symlinks, file_exists() was returning false.
Are your walls a dark color? Make sure you have ample lighting. If there are shadows in certain rooms, consider new lighting fixtures!
First day of class done, now I'm on my way to *gulp* Le Mart of Wall to get some toiletries and ramen til Friday. Xoxo
-.- never texted back! Thats fucked up......
Caesar Salad special today! A Full GIANT size of our crisp Caesar salad for only $5.50 served in your favorite pizza bowl!
I'm answering phones tonight-call in and donate to a GREAT cause!! RT : PRT : Help us put the beatdown on kids cancer...
the lock in
I'll invite :p
#Palomar board proposing to use parking ticket money to help keep the college afloat, with extra $1 million flowing into general fund.
I have a song by The Offspring stuck in my head.
:) hey Bryan. have a great weekend. Go Heels!
96 degrees and about to tee off. This is Wisconsin wtf
Waddup doe FLY people????
moulting of the knee socks.
Good morning! Happy Friday☀😁
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
shyt bro posted wats good wit u
Somebody told me RT : How you know RT : If they don't get it out a Jar.... It ain't LOUD.
you are awesome....from a mother of 5 teenage girls I am grateful for your message and your impact!
will realize soon that he can't hang w the real side of the TZ bridge...
rain check bruh, my whip still trippin'
Thanks for the MT
thank you! please pass around.
Happy Valentines Day <3
“Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.” Marilynne Robinson
Pizzano's pizza, best in Chicago! RT : sounds like a good time...where's dinner at?
Your failure in life will be because of who you choose to dishonour and your success in life will be because of who you choose to honour.
Check out my website and download a copy of Integrative Nutrition There is no one-size-fits-all diet – discover what works for YOU! Lear…
On my way to Disney for the day(: If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
Thanks - Glad you liked it. How are you enjoying #Pinterest?
Thanks Danny! Wait until you see Drumageddon Manhattan in Times Square NYC. Going to be insane!
Does everybody have their lotto tickets? Mega Millions is now over $640 million!!!
#TheStepShow was fun and my Sorors got down. E-YIP
Turn off the noise, crank up the music-
Such a buzzkill too!!!
you would when im at school!
Hate a bitch that trys to be in compatition with you #You are now hahaha>>>>
How do you get 1,000 Jews in a phonebox? Throw in a pound coin. How do you get them out again? Tell them it's a gas chamber.
minutes b4 Titanic hit Iceberg 100 yrs ago, radio operator on ship nearby, refused to convey warning re: ice - too busy w/ personal messages
Sacrificing studying for some Zac Efron
especially because medieval settings dominate the bulk of RPGs! Something abt stereotypes of that time is v appealing 2 gamers
thanks for rollin' through! Good to see you again!
Lacrosse: Lights shine on New Bern lacrosse - New Bern Sun Journal
That could be a whole line of bumper stickers. Friends Don't Let Friends Tweet About What They Had For Breakfast
When will we see another Steve Jobs? Will We? Modern corporations are designed to prevent the rise of single, independent innovators...
you would ha ha RT": “: this guy next to me is so adorable :)”thank you:)"
I promise you no other nigga can treat you better than I can..
I remember i used to put "paola wuz here" everywhere when i was in 6th grade. Lolol
Next #artist showcase is May 10th @ Martini Ranch! Amazing local #artists at The Blend Showcase!
Im mad AF .
Woohoo! MT Good morning #Nats fans. Yr team has a winning record & Nats Park gates open in 24 hrs. Good morning indeed.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
shout to p.s i heard ur going to the slide night muhahahahahah
Chris Elliott!!
how was it? Sugoui?
Happy Birthday! You're one of the reasons Houston's worth it.
Ok bar crawl on to the next one...
Models- 5 page websites. Upload your port, videos and music. 10 dollars is the price. Hit me up for details
All I ask is you assess referee performance like you do players. If a ref does poor he should be reprimanded.
I need a session today tryna get it in wit waddup lol
Fascinating: 50 Years Of Government Spending, In 1 Graph
I might have wrote some obscenities to you on FB?. :)
Hey in case I'm not on the Twit over the weekend (sometimes I try to disconnect) have a great mom's day!
bahaha just saw that. you know me well sir
Thanks for the FF! We added a new homepage for playstub.com. What do you think?
Some of the episodes are sheer genius (though some are pretty uneven). I'm a sucker for deadpan though.
working with a client on their Debossed iPad2 Cases. Thanks Nathan!
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm a Libra
Thanks for pouring our '07 Cigare variants with dinner last night, Jeffrey! (Dinner sounded great, btw.) Happy Holidays!
Got a project to present today and I can hardly talk. Ugh
Catching up on tweets
Bout to eat some cake
cut back on the klonopin.
I've used the same password since my junior year of high school.
UVa has bunches... Wish checked out bike pumps like does!
Aaron - Great picture!
"It is true that scars remind us where we've been, but they don't indicate where we're going"
#ThoughtsAtWalmart were the hooverround things at I wanna race haha
I successfully became a 13-year-old girl again over the holiday.
A Great article: moneywatch.bnet.com/career-advice/article/government-jobs-how-to-get-them/344044/
Give me a sign... Hit me baby one more time.
I need in on your teams
Possibly, this is my off week for my wed night class. Its every other wk. I'll shoot you a txt tho if I get out of work on time
Follow us and we'll follow back!
it can be a creepy feeling.
I have been reading Johns' Nature of the Book and thinking how applicable it could be to modern info issues.
yes, let's do it! Commonplace at 10? Or something later?
yea I checked out the table and it was juicy then saw the list and it had like 20 names
eh, I only did it once, some of the gals are pretty into it. just taking what the FSD crew says and making it dirty!
They whipped Him all night long.
So our last status brought up a monster of a question. Is there a song by Led Zeppelin thats truly their best?....and if so, WTF is it?
The one wish I want to come true. Wanting you to feel and see the way I do towards you.
Thank you! deserves the majority of the credit. She did the nomination and she is amazing.
Hopefully Coach Miles stays at CSU. There isn't ANY sum of money that would make me agree to live in NEBRASKA!
Spending the day in the workshop and the studio. Time well spent.
‎"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me".---Ayn Rand (who & what are u letting stop U from your dreams?)
My phone's gps is insisting that I'm in Norman, OK. It still looks like Afton to me, but my commute tomorrow may be longer than expected.
If You Feeling Some Type Of Way Then I'm Talking About Chu !
“: Congrats to you both...our 9th anniversary was yesterday!!!! ”
RT : I'm killin my battery cause I got it looped!!!
OMG! Mowgli! He looks so cute! I wanna hug him so bad right now! He looks so cuddly :D & he's doing the superman pose!!!
i Wish People Would Stop Saying That i Have Hoes. -_- i Know A Lot Of Females. Not Hoes, Bitches, Sluts.
In 4 years is 11-1 on opening weekends. holds the only loss. 2 hits 0 ER against Binghamton. Way to leave a mark
I use Google Apps for my personal account - any chance in extending the Personal plan to include Google Apps for Your Domain?
thought you may like that - esp after your tweets last night ;)
Biggest fears: falling into sidewalk grates, zombies, and vagina.
mayday didnt come I still have to see wtk
Badgers draw Manhattan in 1st round, would face Boston College/Texas A&M winner in 2nd round
Hi New York, Hi Seth! my usual Ed Hardy shirt was torn by pigeons. It took me weeks to find that same one. I found a few & bought them all.
ha ha saw the FB comment God pants!!!
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Potato leek soup and Butternut Squash. Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Starting to think about fading #Ravens . Pollard can't cover, older on d, lackluster weapons for flacco, oher's pass pro struggles... Hmm
oh I have some wonderful news for you miss! :D
Car crushing sounds fun.
Potential of #Pinterest will be interesting to watch, new blog post coming soon Thanks for your replies!
~ I just didn't want u getting on a plane 2nd guessing ur talent. I wnt u 2 B the dominant player I knw. Just win baby! lol
Crybabies of twitter be warned. We don't care how much your life sucks. Shut the fuck up
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Hate on Hot Pockets
Speaking of #MothersDay, heading with moms and family to Catalina Island for three days of fun. Leaving by boat @ 3pm. :-)
Must find the patience to keep from attempting a system upgrade until I get settled in
have a safe trip Momma! (:
So gay coffee gets cream in it, right?
what is it
let us know your favorites!! ;)
yurp it does...
Looking forward to redesigning developmental math courses talk at Innovations 2012.
Hey fellow folks - I've had the honor of sharing my story with Check it out and RT! Thank you for your support always!
"When asked if he would throw a fastball or a breaking ball, Cross replied, "Heat."" -Boston Globe
IKKKKK ah it's going to be so fun
#GOD does NOT want you killed by your #abuser(s)
Any good insights in particular?
He's being trained indoors on papers (pads taste good!). Good one day=treats/Next morning he'll go on floor not on papertray
Express Lube is givin away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
? how much? Bekay
“: If you connected Anthony Davis and Joe Flacco's eyebrows, you could circle the globe twice.”
Survey for my followers
"Burn baby burn, She's a witch, she's a witch nd I'm a heretic, So learn."
LOL!!! Cheap shot Till!! Doodlejump gotta pick up some weight tho
At home bored out of my mind, with nobody to talk to.
Just how did the supposedly most chill semester turn into the busiest, most stressful one?
At #TEDxEmory Event is running like a clockwork while the ideas are ticking in my head! (via ) (via )
Awe Avengers is a cute movie :) haha
yummy, check it out! I thoroughly enjoyed my burrito!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We are to sexy to be humans.
♪♪ Music Is My Life ♥
Turning it around! Why? Because I'm a winner! :)
RT ": Man... May hands down has the most birthdays."> October has way more
Cold lifesavers are so fucking bomb.
Magnum P.I. Juniors T-shirt Hawaiian Life Turquoise Tee Shirt
very cool gun
never. on. twitter.
Hello Twitternation! It's a beautiful day in my city!
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
Making the decision about which apartment to go with is going to be hard.
It was so fun! The baseball game was awesome! Beers soon!
Don't forget has added an additional screening tonight for the midnight shorts at Oriental Theatre. Really worth seeing.
grilled cheese stuffed pretzel. YUM!
I tried to retweet your reply but I couldn't dammit. A new tweet will have to do.
that's why people love you :)
Remember #thegoldenrule treat people the way u would like to be treated...
I think you're onto something. (I'm ready for the group to leave the farm and find some consistent action again.)
"You can perform on my comedy show at ...you just need 1,195 friends to come.."- "Isn't there a fire code at this venue?"
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life.
Goodmorning (: so tired /:
Kill that show cuzzo!!! Yu got it mane...Im lovin how yu keep movin up like the jeffersons
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina For the Love of the Vagina
Take student loans out, and "there has been virtually no rebound in consumer credit since the Great Recession ended" says Jim Bianco.
Oh and BTW, Rihanna and Eli Manning are on SNL. Like everyone in the world is doing something OTHER than watching the #Spurs cook
Just let my dream man slip away
Should all response channels (phone, email, social) be real-time? If not possible, how do you prioritize?
I like William Orbit's solo music. Smartest lyrics on the dance floor.
same here hunty! Can we pack our stuff and go on a roadtrip?! ha
Then Tapie and ftp rebrand to create a "verizon" second site so to speak to not leave PStars as a monopoly. Pstars will be happy because
"ah yes the Bob Lob Law Law Blog. You sir are a mouthful."
Love family dinners!!
the basement of her house was dominated by a pedal-powered Singer sewing machine and a big dress-fitting dummy.
CRAFTY DEAL: Elisa Share (booth 163) is offering 10% off entire purchase when you mention seeing this tweet
Just Text me whenever you're free and we can hangout :] because i miss you and my jail bed. Lol
I was in the mood for a crazy movie :) It is like the first Mama Mia .. Though im going to be singing waterloo
Damn this coffee is good and chuck full of smart ass this morning. Must be all that law and order, I do love lenny briscoe
New #Brewers cap received. New Brewers shirts ordered. Now, where are those tickets?!? Come on , I am dying here.
figures. Oh well, what can you do.
I am totally team Sophie
She was great! I really enjoyed her talk.
Good work! Are you back in town?
Finally going home o:)
Free screenings: Girl in Progress at Cinemark 17 and Five Year Engagement at the Angelika Dallas.
it's a great book!
Thinking of what to get hubby for the big 4-0 coming up. Any suggestions?
This is the Make This Your Summer band twitter! Keep in touch!
I swear if one more t-shirt is acquired and introduced into this house, it might explode.
Is your business using Pinterest yet? Check out Kate Spade to see a biz do it right.
ribeye marinated in honey mustard sauce that sound good I would be stuffed too!
Stopped in to puck up winning prize then watched on news in lobby.
thank you for the work you are doing with youth.
answer me this ... What's TDA?
oh as do I, as do I.
Andrew Bynum is such a baby. And you wonder why the Olympic team doesn't want him
to pass one's life / a pamphleteer
May you live every day of your life.
WAIT THERE WERE TWO GLEE EPISODES !
Brazil's Rousseff achieves record approval: newspaper James Murdoch denies using papers to testify
well hii little birdie I miss you!!
Alice in Wonderland - Chapter 8. Child still awake. I'm sleep typing.
#WhyDoIAlways stay up late when I know I'm going to be exhausted in the morning? YOLO that's why. And because shut up thats why
Draw me a line, bent on itself, and I will tell you a story.
Why you talk so nasty
Just found out my ap chem teacher from last year lives in my neighborhood
My take: Fifty Shades of Grey appeals to adults who devoured Twilight and just want someone to talk about the sex already...
AGAIN! HELL YEAH
Wheel bearing went out in the truck God could this get any worse
Twitter is far better than FB for sure.
The correct one will be sent first thing Monday
Will Ferrell, Jack Black, or Emma Thompson as Rotwang The Inventor.
Here here RT : Even though I never met whitney her music touched all of us and we will ALL always love her..
Also is tomorrow your last day? If so, POP.
~ i've been following you for over 2 years ! can you follow me back ? ^_^
wats good twitter aint fux wit u in a min
Just came up on sum head phones
Lets go jimmy keep this lead up
why thank you ma'am
Holy tits! Wall-e is on!!!!
God may require your everything, but in return He will give you His everything, and there are no limits on God!
Job Opportunity: Linux Systems Administrator to configure, maintain and support Linux infrasructure. Interested? Call Maria at 617.262.1313
Like why would he even ask that?..
Awful hacks with no talent.
Is one of the most entertaining and best band ever i saw them at acoustic christmas it was so awesome yall keep rocking! :D
U can't keep inflecting hurt on others 2 mask your pain. U're beautiful & u would go much further by spreading sugar than salt
neat? fer sure
you should get in&out and get me a hamburger :-)
I'm making you a shirt. :P
I LOVE YOU ALSO! <3 &&I'm completely PUMPED to go on adventure, get into trouble, &what not this Sumner! #GonnaGetCRAZY! (:
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. -B. C. Forbes
The bulls gone when
I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach. ~ Elizabeth Barrett Browning
June 5 may be hot as hell. How will you coax a potential voter out to cast a Barrett ballot?
Love hearing this Alisa! Thanks for making my day!
I thought so. I only knew one king haha. Allgood with you bro?
I was crying in the grocery store over my ex and then I fucking saw his mom. Awkward as shit.
She munch carpet and dick at the same damn time lol
Be quiet 20 year olds lol
Glad I'm not going to school tmrw.
sittin at da house waitin on jae n jaz to get out of skool so i cn meet them at da bus stop so we cn go to da library
I don't know about you, but I've lived in #Clintonville for 40+ yrs & have taken serious shit for it from Beechwold types.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not to deserve them. -Mark Twain
Mizzou and Norfolk. Brackets go boom.
You're welcome :)
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
do you guys come through Indiana any? I'd love to check out the dominator and meet the team.
Don't you dare be surprised!
Time to rethink my strategy....
miss you too!
thanks for the shoe tips!
Happy mood. Lol
Besides simple skin red spots and cherry angiomas, there are a several other angioma conditions .keloidsurvey.com
that didn't really work out as planned but hey, I got waffle house out of it.
You are hot with your clothes on and without! :)
I just lost some respect for Harbaugh. Keeping Cam will lead to new QB, RB, and Head Coach in the next 2 years.
I haven't gotten on either...we should get it in the next hour or so.
lol oh no!! you said he got that Big mouth bass face!!! said u look like balu from jungle book!
Dear Vanessa Hudgens, Amanda Crew and Taylor Schilling. I'm jealous. Sincerely, hope you know why.
STIX the CAT sez, "Love Dorothy Parker!"
I STARTED THAT omg famous
Nothing better than sitting on my deck in Wisconsin listening to the
flippin bad a** rock star you!!! YayYay!
RMFT!!!! : British boys are so cute.
I wonder if ABC will show "The Dictator" on the red carpet. He's there.
Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo.
Watching Drake and Josh. :D
Pray. Fast. Repent.
you sir might just be in denial, I believe this one.
ooh naah dont worry i cant remember anything of that bad things i dont know why i forgot everything ;D
OMG, That is hilarious.
neil young-sedan delivery
thank you! I'll look into both of those :)
blah...im bored
weird. I'll try again.
Hi Angelo. It's his HRs AT HOME that amaze me. He's on a pace for 53 AT HOME. Maris when he hit 61 in '61 had 30 AT HOME !
We'll brave the winter! Are you coming one night? Or the whole weekend?
In terms of ballers, Pat Chung has to be up there. Ed Dickson had baller status. Jeremiah Johnson as well.
this explains why I'm waiting with baited breath to hear on my ArtPlace proposal...thanks
The votes are in: I prefer Campbell's Select Harvest N.E. Clam Chowder to their Chunky N.E. Clam Chowder. It was close.
“You remind me of my Chinese friend. Ug Lee” LOL no worries tho, u guys are beautifur
By that logic states shouldn't have anything to do w/marriage either. Plz don't hide behind "states' rights."
I would tell you to enjoy today, but I know you already are! Hope all is well, Dru!! 6 DAYS UNTIL THE DRAFT!!
Omg I LOVE this girl on Sports Nation!
Pauli :D
Yeah. I think that deserves profanity.
:Happy Happy Birthday... Baby!!!! Hope you have a awesome day!
Nice! RT : #1 pick? Hard throwing lefty with a big bat? Yes please!
I'm looking at a weird granny she has a small head
i got chu
We've come a long way from Paul Maholm throwing 8 shutout innings against the #Brewers in his ML debut.
