Too many of my bad dreams involve bears.
This book is going to stun the world. Right after it's done beating the crap out of me. *giggle*
When it is good to have 2 tvs in the house- Downton Abbey vs Giants playoff game
I hate reviewing in class. It reminds me just how screwed i am for the test.
hahahaha finally someone says this!
What if Nicki Minaj just said EFF IT, and did a triple release of "Automatic, Pound the Alarm, & Whip It." songs of the summer?! KA-BAM
I thank God for friends who will drop everything and help you when you need it. I hope to be that kind of friend too.
aka Dale Flattum, ultra/infra-designer, ex Steel Pool Bathtub, Milk Cult, etc only has 64 followers? Bad Twitter. FOLLOW!
The one person I'd never have thought would give into her eyes.. Does everyday.
stone roses ftw, always.
What I mean by moms? my blood mom & <3
The TwoUnionSq team perfectly executes stellar c. service- even when the line is endless. Well done.
Happy birthday babe :)
and to answer your question, probably not.
Laziest day's i've had in a while ! Love it !
People need to get off Claude Julien's butt... one blitz of goals decided this game... It's game one, though. Long way to go.
New on HAL: Librarian from Spain looking for English children's books to buy. [helpalibrarian.com]
I celebrate that the orchid my husband gave me for Valentine's is still alive. And that my husband gives me orchids.
Good morning to you too king...bless up :)
Have fun and get mad skillz for the both of us!
sorry, it happens. ;)
put the pic of you and alex as your profile pic
Yippee..I'm on Spotify..more tracks coming soon :):)
Shout out to my green goblins
Well, that can't happen. The flyers bang chicks, not each other. We're not the pens.
never thought u would read
I see 11 wins no problemo
Chad you'd fit right in. LOL
I already know who I'm hiring for my wedding for music. I told my mom.
You're not alone.....It happens to me alot too. :)
SO FUCKING BORING who wants to burn?
I will try the Cinnamon Tingle.
Great tip! Now I need to learn the "how" :-)
my shower .
Skyrim is overrated definitely
Anyone have a recommendation for a caterer in Austin? We're thinking about working with one for our 2yr anniversary party. ^dr
Today's lesson: Don't call ugly in the presence of myself, , or
Thanks for the link :)
that's good!!* lol
oh shit u watch boardwalk empire see I knew u was a gangsta Bitch aha Judi got her Ass beat!!!!
The worst thing to hear when on hold: "There are zero callers ahead of you." - then why am I waiting? -๏_๏
Is that music in hear in #TheAmazingSpiderman trailer?
Love the aggressive base running by the #Brewers today!
n the textbook and off the internet!
it's true
how are things bro? What you up to these days?
Responded to FIRE @ 1123 Ave K, Brooklyn, NY 11230 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Put my popsicle in the microwave, cause YOLO!
Just got the kindlefire. I'm a fan so far.
did u hear thunder? “: I gotta say, now that Ive heard "You Want It All", it's now my fave song over "Humbled"
RT RT : RT : ★ "Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed." ~Schopenhauer
Nomad live tonight at Kinky Star, Ghent. 9 pm. Fun!
thank you very much!
So bummed about this Packers game right now, feel like I'm having a bad dream!
So fake. She's really a 6-7 dude from Dubuque.
I'm literally the best egg tosser. Undefeated since Nam.
haha i know you're lying, but ima take your word!
I think that's a testament to how bad GM/owner Jerry Jones is at the game of football or anything involved with it.
Amazing Valentines Day<3
i'm coughing, too. been sick for a week now:-(
Open bar FTW! Enjoy. I'm golfing this afternoon and then it's soccer games and yard work this weekend.
"The bell doesn`t dismiss you." "Then it dosen`t tell me when to arrive either."
Go get'em with the new biz, Matt. Happy New Year!
Attn: #CapHillDC! >> #NavyYard peeps: don't forget that Potbelly opened today in -- new lunch option!
After the season = 3 more games
Is it weird that I have a deep-seated, long-standing love for Corinne Bohrer and her acting-career survivalism?
yeah, same here!!
I have a new cubicle neighbor who is typing really loudly and listening to music over speakers instead of headphones, great...
OMG!!!! Let's go tonight and watch the stars!!!!
:-) RT : thank you so much for the #FF! have an awesome weekend RT
he Pisses me off. He cheated on his gf with like four girls and claims he will have her back and she's just being bipolar .__.
I'm a fan of the Memphis Grizzlies. Zachary Randolph is set to return against the Lakers. Will Memphis make a deep run in the playoffs?
I will never not dance to Tainted Love when it comes on. I feel like & would understand.
My daughter is in a competition to win a sewing machine, pls take a moment and visit this link...if you like her work pls vote for her, Than
Meeting today about designing sustainable farm hand housing in the Hudson Valley.
I just found the information about the bulk accounts, thanks :)
why do some people argue with other people about facebook being better than twitter. personally i think twitter is better.
It is like watching paint dry.
Please find a veteran or a soldier this weekend, and shake his or her hand.
Too many unforced turnovers
leave my class room please i can smell you from here !
Working on my #minimarathon playlist tonight. Any song recommendations?
Mhmm , ... Fake Ass Too Much For Herself
ill miss you<3
Wishing & the best in 2012! -Adam
i just made it through the sensabough tunnel! success!
yay can't wait! Lol <3 was it fun working with nick Mara?
whenever they let her out of the dungeon. You know it. Is there a site to submit Lil'est Keenan names? (Fader Keenan!)
Ankiel vs. Savery - the ex-pitcher vs. ex-hitter
I'm all for protecting the QB but the personal fouls for late hits/ unnecessary roughness have gotten ridiculous.
Gingras: Journalists need new methods, forms & tools -- but most of all, commitment passion & creativity. Me: J-Schools need to act!
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? #whitepaper Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
true dat, another loss :-(
this team will lose 80/90 games without better hitters. Either management needs to step up or enjoy losing.
RFT“: Long nights with no one to talk too <”
I happy heart them too! Thanks so much, and thanks for the follow!
Whatever you believe you can do, begint it. Boldness has genius, power & magic in it.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
Awesome. :) That's right up there with a friend of mine who claims that Swedish is the language of the future!
It's time to risk everything again.
Your mother was an amazing women, whos legacy continues to inspire me & others to get involved with Special Olympics.
Now running to the store lol Smh
Expenses: plane $509, cabs $57, food $35. Will play 1 or 2 single table satellites at Rio tonight. Single tables all day tomorrow also.
Passing through New Jersey, the hairy armpit of the USA.
Thanks for this- just signed up, will do this with my family!
Ya could set a full round of drinks on that booty
Well id prefer we kept it on the same page
Filming Street Vibes in Reno NV. The owner of the local cigar bar is still running for sheriff in Carson NV.
Wine Riot!
I think #nfl network needs to turn this in a #movieoftheweek "When 2 QBs passed TDs"
iMold: Steve Jobs current physical state.
Getting ready for work
Whoever feels like telling their friends to follow and that their music is free for download at www.blasesplee.com is amazing<3
Production commences today of our new rebranded products!
Glad you're enjoying the festivities! RT : #downtownemployeeappreciation at Red Arrow! Thanks guys
On front rail for my morning jacket jazzfest show!
Actually tweet your followers back. Wow. Famous people actually do use their accounts.
good line -->?“: "Judge each day not by it's harvest, but by the seeds you plant" #foodforthought”
In StarBucks!!! If homeboy walk away from his MACBOOK PRO one more time, he gonna come up short. I'm just saying!!! #J/KbutSlightlySerious
Our Winds, your Sails
dont get too cocky, now. ;)
thanks for the follow
on my mama
You're ruining my Utopian fantasy. Haha.
FWD: : How awesome that World Book Night has goal of giving away a million free paperbacks on April 23! Volunteers can sign ...
I respect that
I'm looking for a great Wordpress Blog tutorial....Anyone have any ideas.
I have a whole new respect for quilters...all that cutting and angles. Sew hard.
Finally seriously re-starting work on my long-overdue, non-library-related research project. BTW, CiteULike is awesome.
I spent the night alone watching Law and Order...usual Friday :/
Did Metta Just Take A Hit of Kool-aid?
Love your designs
Got to the bit about entropy in The Information—now get both what you were trying to convey and why it's counterintuitive.
I would like a video game to replicate the experience of driving 65mph in heavy traffic and only letting you win when you don't crash.
AMEN to that!
Sick of receiving bad news after bad news especially now! This is supposed to be #Thanksgiving wknd? Ughh 1 of those times when you say FML.
On relax mode.
Thanks That's nice to hear from you, guru of all things messed up with property taxes. And thanks for the list.
I am at the Especially Me conference & loving it 3>
I will bring the 'I love Dinosaurs' tee-shirts tomorrow, so if you want one bring $5 because this friday is definitely Dinosaur Friday!!
Just interviewed Tory Burch for TheFashionWalk.com! -Amy Salinger
RT : All in favor of flipping the pillow to enjoy the cooler side....RT
The sun is out in Ohio - just in time for a road trip to #kipcamp ! Looking forward to seeing and a great conversation 2nite!
Name wrong *Continued from last tweet!* They act like they've liked tem 4ever but they haven't.
We are doing upgrades this weekend! Bigger and Better site coming soon...
Just saw the movie Red Tails. Amazing!! Who's seen it? What did you think?
Hey girl. Opening reception for the summer shows on Thursday, 6-8pm if you swing that way.
Fine Art Event: 100 Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each - Daily painting 38 is finished! www.timhovde.com
iLove You To!!
how bad is the 10 torn up??
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty where's the music? Haha
I Don't Like Joshua... Don't Know Why. I Just Don't.
Get on the bus, get on the road to equality.
Huge debt of gratitude goes out to for yet another donation. We can't thank you enough! Our reigning AIR MARSHAL!
“: just heard you and on kiss. That is awesome. Song was sick. Keep doing your thing guys.” much love!!!
Completed my first screencast today and it turned out better than expected although I still hate to hear my recorded voice!
“: We're too young for relationships. Where are the friends with benefits at? :-)”
So many May 7 birthdays. Happy birthday, and !
So glad we don't have school tomorrow
“: Starting to feel like a job matchmaker! Nearly daily asks for contacts who might be a good fit for various Do you need help
#UN needs to bring in #UNK coaches! RT : Doc Sadler is on the clock.
If the world was perfect it wouldn't be, Happy Birthday Yogi!
Gorillas in the mist
heard a song called "i shall believe" by matt brouwer on i love the slowness & sincerity of it.
Vegas was fun, wild and... interesting. haha Returned with a serious foot injury, so that's great!
SexTips Trivia: While 14% of men say they didn't enjoy sex the 1st time, over 60% of women say they didn't enjoy their 1st time ohno
Its not too late for some TBT right? lol
Oaks makes me feel sick sometimes
League of Legends fails, Blizzard fails, Virgin Mobile fails. Fuck my life.
Appreciate free outs.
#DrupalCampLA is this weekend. There are over300 people registered! Are you going? If so see you there...
Celebrating Mother's Day tonight with dinner at Adelle's.
Sorry, where is what? RT : and where is that
<---die hard laker fan
not sure what you mean by that. what did I leave open?
happy easter to all of my twats!!
The student manning the room where I accompanied an All-State solo was also auditioning on piano, violin, and voice. Mini Me or just Asian?
I'm tired of making excuses for you.
now check out The Libertines and Babyshambles
mother and daughter escape house fire in Milwaukie. says house a total loss. says smoke alarms saved lives.
Thanks for following me, hope you enjoy viewing my artwork!
Going to the Topanga mall with my friend to get jamba juice and have lunch
awh thanks!! And I probz won't! LMAO that made me laugh. I'll make sure to ship it to you XD
Really it's fulton county cops. This is going to make me livid!
I lied, totally listening to that one too.
perfect timing since we're launching a carousel in the next day or so. Thanks!
My grades are looking pretty bomb right now. Leggo celebrate!
I just had to google that nigga.. OT that's yo brother lol
Hugs and compliments....several witnesses reported major hott bootie sited in the airport today!
Rise & Grind world.... Keep these crabs out your game room, they cme out when coast is clear, Hide when they see you lol....
got Apryls address, can't wait to see you all tonight, let's be on our best bad behaviors. Cheers!
Final hours of oral exam prep commences #deepbreath T-5 hours
Appreciate it man!
Finishing up session W/John Douja then done for the weekend
Got to an audition today & they wanted actors in their 40's, so I grabbed the back of my neck, & pulled the wrinkles out of my face.
Show tonite at Mello Mushroom on Burbank...
We are going through the process of creating a freirean culture circle. I can see why Brazil banned them after the 1964 coup 'd eat.
That looks like a good gym! Worth the $20? Do they have a lot of free weights?
Cleaning up some vector art I just bought off istockphoto.com for a project - surprised that it needs so much work done to it and that I ...
Crawfish boil is on 5pm. 200lbs. #Saturday and music with
#wiredbaseball is on *grab Meg's popcorn*
Man this wildberry lemonade fm Wendy's is the BEST!!!!
no login options beyond fb? I'm interested, but not if activation and use is attached exclusively to that social identity.
I'd love to see that. He's earned it.
Finally going home had a long day now later going to hit the gym to look good for my co workers. Right Olga, Roseli,Cinthia, Yeilin, Valeria
Figuring out the changes to "Break Out" by Swing Out Sister.
Have a #homeimprovement project planned for the weekend? We'd love to give you pointers!
Allied home loans commercial today.
Get out and enjoy the nice SoCal weather with a few new walking tours of LA! Thanks to #CRA/LA! #LittleTokyo,
BREAKING NEWS!! Whitney Houston dead at 48 years old!!!!! Omg!!!!!
thanks for the great write up!!
took a piece of wonderbread, and went right back to bed
Sushi @ Wasabi's
Had an amazing time with and and all the wind ensemble girls
Tonight from 6-8 #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. No speakers, No agenda. Founders, Freelancers, Funders welcome!
You can't say anything anymore, i got proof of your killersyndrom .. .. pssssshhhhh
Teach me how to play the piano?
My Heart and Prayer for the japan citizens... Keep Ya 'LL head up!!
Stopped watching #BL13 weeks ago. 2 negative, 2 much drama & dont rly care if they all go home Checkn #biggestloser twitter feed validates
there a few statues with drunk stories. The Poe bust has one and John Bryan told me stories about the War Horse on boulevard.
We are excited to have and their volunteer historian, Lisa Donnelly, present our 7pm screening of 'Mongol' this Friday only.
City BBQ in now open in Avon, IN. Yes!!!!!!
THATS IT IM GONNA DO A VIDEO~ OK? alasdkajo. Some of you will be shocked.
Yes! finally going somewhere
thank you so much! Great chatting with you as always! :)
The work is $10, the lie is extra. GO PEGGY GO
Hi Barbara! So glad your friend is excited about ICTC! Please feel free to send my email:
.Lebron is good at making clueless fucking idiots like this AJHwd character, in to thinking hes clutch lmao
please follow me i think that u are so incredible!! ive been a huge fan of u n my fam also lives in sicily!!!
On an unrelated note. The #Avengers, go see it. Holy crap that movie is awesome
yep! Taller than his dad. Miss you too - ext day just isn't the same :)
baby me & you, we're the perfect two<3
thanks for the follow! have a great weekend and i look forward to reading about your #socialmedia endeavors!
he got the T-shirt for a cheep price
Long time no talk. Hope you are well.
I can't stop listening #SaySomethin ! ♥
you suck!!!
yeap i got to stay hot boo
gotta wonder if there's a woman out there who's hoping to find a man who can cook good exotic foods. Just sayin'. :-)
just finished the sample page of the new site check it out my email is on there. www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com what you think of the logo
I knew there was a reason I randomly burst into tears...
Idk why girls get all mad when other girls talk to their boys as friends
Excited that I'm at tonight's #lisagor2012 awards. So much talent and so many great stories are in the room.
oh I will, I'm watching concerts on tv because I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday hahah
RT: ": I won't give up on us even if the skies go rough. Ive given you all my love and I am still looking up. #np "
Aww he's so cute when he's laying down
Have to go to vista again. Dumb hoes.
It is. And why does that matter? I tell women when I think they're pretty.
Seeing tomorrow!!!!!!
Hello NYC! will be performing on Good Day NY on Fox 5 in the 9a hour, tune in!
I swear I get my eye brows done like every week is that good?
did u get the Joey Votto bobblehead?
Having a sore in your nose...
Early morning meeting tomorrow with
Can somebody help me out ???
Playing a Badass show at Nick & Eddie tonight with and Gonna be a good time!
Somebody is enjoying the rainy day with music. And I need to get out of the house to escape their enjoyment.
Ol raggedy bitch, I see you tryna get your shit together now that we came in that bitch !
Troy Taylor and are on ustream RIGHT NOW
Also, Canada isn't just made up of Toronto. There's Vancouver, Montreal, Quebec, etc. It isn't fair.
GM, No matter what happens. Today will be a beautiful day.
Just discovered that Clorox wipes are *great* for cleaning the keys on my keyboard! :-D
Kevin Stotts of in W. Michigan reports progress on new #talentdividend model to calculate PS completion rates per institution
yeah I was there! We did alil bit
Forever wishing Indonesia was cold
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress. Epictetus
Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower with dill & Beef Vegetable Barley
My plesh! So proud of Craig and his team!
:) Have been too busy to post actively, but always happy to see all is well! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
hey how are you hey you have pretty eyes and nice cool aid smile
Thanks for the follow Amy!
We are
BREAKING: Judge Sumi strikes down collective bargaining law, says open meetings law was violated
Can't get that stupid scene from the #BradyBunch out of my head. U know, the one where Peter's voice changes and cracks when he sings. Grr.
I'm leading my first distillery tour on Wednesday evening. Come drink whiskey and ignore my spazzy nervous energy.
If Gaga owns Twitter, who owns Facebook?
u must be in an HBU class lol
Washer wednesday
u have study hall? Wanna trade ? (:
: I might have an MFA, work in publishing, and teach college, but I will always back up somebody's right to like what they like.
Young Machines says they played a show last night with twice the people, but half the enthusiasm. crowd rocks!!
me to!
spent the evening playing with degrees of freedom.
love you!!! xx
very clean, reminds me of WP7 layout though :)
Even though I'm just passing a ball back and forth with my nephew, it's amazingly fun.
Stop rubbing it in :/
Up in the #ontologicalcrises #thatcamp #lac session, is talking about music composition and tech, current struggles.
have a great weekend!
it's nice good work
two thumbs up for
so happy to hear that you enjoyed the class, we enjoyed tonight's power yoga class with alexis! feeling strong!
That is the best drawing I've ever seen!
Yay for Chuck Norris !!!
I have just been informed that I have answered over 1,500 reference questions since June of 2010.
I am really lovin the Ted Williams story. I so love second chances, third, fourth, whatever it takes to get your life on track. Keep tryin
Spin of the Day( Online Gaming Can Grow The Economy).
What I always wanna do, party! Except we actually will this time cause I know of multiple parties on Friday night.
Kinda cold at the bus stop o_o
Today is our 9th Anniversary! Can you believe it?
WE START TOMORROW & EVERYDAY AFTER TIL THE MIXTAPE IS DONE
When recruiters try their stock option/pre-IPO line & find out I don't believe their stories: "How much CASH do they have?" ... "No."
got to support our big booty sisters!
Me: what member of the Scooby gang do I get to be? : Buffy.
shit mang! How bout those C's! No rondo no problem! Still bangin #OnlyOne on Q! #Boston All Day
After days of relative moderation of birthday treats, I just broke down & ate the rest of the rainbow cake. Tomorrow is another day...
It's Opening Day!
will be featured in an upcoming feature with with Farrah Franklin, former Destiny's Child singing star.
why do my parents and friends party way harder then we do?
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
Thanks for the shout out Jon!
Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God. Painful moments, trust God. Every moment, thank God.
love it.
um, Idk .. there gonna go look. But, thanks anyway
GRASSY NOLE said U would STAY QUIET.... :-P so did the Vex on X..
Good morning art tweeters!
Why are the Indians on "The Killing" antagonizing the white man?
Big business in intellectual property! In Seattle area, hourly rates range from $200 for an associate to $550 for an experienced partner.
THUNDER TIME :)
Follow me I follow you back Plz.
AH be right there!!
We hit another MLB winner on Friday on the Giants on both the moneyline and runline.
I love you too! And yes!!!!! We do need to talk or else I'll die!!!
Okay, they can keep Cooper... because he has a relationship with Blaine and Sebastian (cause hes head Warbler) ;3 THE REST CAN GO
SANTORUM COMES OUT ON TOP IN TIGHT ALABAMA THREE WAY
next up is Chevy Stevens' new one NEVER KNOWING for LJ review
i know its crazy
didn't even know it was Columbus Day, but your dad & I had to work too :-/
your problem not mine lol jk
yea man ! thank you bro !
yoo. Where r u
It's probably not true, but you gotta admit that Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are made for each other.
Bob Fosse? He's the only choreographer I know:)
I wish i was with you D:
perfect, let's do that! See you at 7
my mommy needs to hurry up & get home with my ice cream & dinner . but, she doesn't get off until seven tonight. damnnit .
A_Burkey Miss Burkey where you at?
GAME DAY! on
we love you at this military household!!
you're welcome to cram with me and at my house tomorrow before
I don't know, I don't feel like I can fault him for being a politician. At least he's a politician that believes in equality.
I banned u both from acting up before 10 am service ...lol
i was just thinking back 2 years ago when nobody knew them, they weren't on mtv, & they used to talk to fanss all the timee :(
yep its time to put the icing on the cake for "make up" music video. Time to pull out the rolls royce phantom!
Thinking strategically is the most important thing you can do. make time for it.
The best part was the Girl Scout cookie caper.
my bad dude haha I didn't think I had to reply to that. I got you though
why in the mother hell are there so many ads all over facebook.
#wmnldrs. Maria Monreal-Cameron says to learn along the way and boy tk eorryabout knowing it all
Bitch you get no love
I live outside Seattle a bit, in a town called Monroe, but I hit Seattle when I can :) that's awesome! I did not know you moved.
Have a Happy New Year & Thank You to all our new friends, fans and followers! From the Ground Up will be finished in 2011!
Cant wait to see
new icon!! looks really attractive!! haha
Guess class is cancelled. No prof
no one is perfect right?haha
"I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be gray and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life."
where are you from?
Females always claiming they're BAD how about claiming you're educated OR employed because being "bad" don't mean shit!
NOT a fan of Sonja. What is she, 65?! Ew.
not much!!! how are you
"Do not focus on Technology, focus on User Experience" DP Venkatesh
When I see artists like in the NY Times and in Spin, I feel good about rap.
Of course I wake up on my own at 6am on my only day to sleep in... Maybe next year.
Why can't the clothes I have actually fit me!? Why do I have to be so much fatter from last year? Now I gotta wear a freakin long sleeve
That makes you an adopted son of #Indianapolis! I can see why u love both cities. Let me know if u need info on our happenings.
At anniversary party and drinking too much hayley
Save the date: June 27, 2012 Enjoy hand dancing with a tax write off. More to details to come soon
When big girls put their phone in their shirt. Uh. No.
#UK #Golf #Joke 'The old #Golfer paced anxiously up & down outside the #Emergency room of the #Hospital...' Read-on @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
SHOW ME THE ROPES
Got it! Basically NPR made their content consumable by other technologies & companies - which drove content consumption way up.
a big shoutout to Artie Lange!! found out that you have a twitter now.
Only have the vision, experience, and leadership qualities to transform the Hilltop into OUR Georgetown. Follow them today!
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Has your sleep quality declined? Sleep disturbances are an indicator of menopause.
let's get together sometime during the week so we can like try to plan it and stuff :) when do you not work ?
the hardest decision of my day is what to eat for lunch
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.” –
I want to go to the Tribe game tomorrow
lol I've always been a fan of Tebow, great work ethic
I feel quality on tumblr, too bad no one else thinks so.
excited to hear it! Your lyrics always have such meaning, id kill to write with you one day <3
Us either! Mosquito bites, too!
Developing an obsession with ! A great view of agency life, the pitch process, plus awesome campaigns! Can't wait until its on!
Ehhh! The janitor just tried to hit on me...
Who participated in Foursquare Day yesterday? What was the best deal you found?
The tin of Jacques Torres Wicked Hot Chocolate was a worthwhile splurge.
The problem is that this job was from the 22nd interview I'd had in 3 years time that was not an obvious scam; no savings left.
I can't believe PEET is a supporter of vaccinations, she just made a false statement on CNN
I'd like to see the banana analogy and flying analogy as a measure of risk exposure when discussion of nuclear stuff
Justin biebers boyfriendd. I hated it. but now i lovee
Hey landlords misspelling the word area does not inspire confidence. Sincerely guy that wont rent from you
Bottle service available for tonight's event. The main floor-Avalon,Infected Mushroom. Any videographer guys want to do footage? 3106298639
Mountain West announces its national television schedule: a highlight for Air Force is its game vs. Navy will be on national CBS.
movies & mall today. (:
Watched Championship games yesterdsy, wistfully singing "wish you were here" to our Broncos.
Holy crap, #TheAvengers. Can't get over the second post-credits scene. Ha!
indeed my friend. Indeed.
Me too but not new women writers as much as I need to and the research from may explain why but I'm working on it.
I'd be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
Nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
The wildcat just doesn't work without Brown.
Oakley not really matching Europcar either
FINALLY U FOLLOW ME
Uh, college/hw. That's why.
aye I digg it
Both awesome movies, but if I was trying to fall asleep to something I would watch Superbad, you have to actually watch SPvsW
The Miami Heat are really good ... at pissing me off -.-"
Casting USC Graduate Film Los Angeles- Yuan, Asian woman, 35-40
Leave your biases at the door! That goes for you as well with KS, ;)
< My pleasure!
Thank you! Lots of candles on the cake so hopefully one or two of those wishes will come true. :)
As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart. (Proverbs 27:19 NIV)
Free didital tv + no NBC reception = No Superbowl on TV. Boo! I hate living in this town
Preach! “ As much as ppl change, the stay the same.”
#somethingisayalot shoot me in the face
Thanks for a great interview Sara! RT : Just interviewed for — watch out for story later this week!
:) what's your favorite oje of Ariana's cover songs?
Chai latte's are amazing <3
had a great dinner at
USD...you are going to love it!
"(Heavy panting.)" "(Intense groaning.)" "(Enthusiastic grunting.)" Closed captioning, you really know how to make a sex scene riveting
Winans Family Tribute>> >>
Agree with you about #AmericanIdol. Hee Jun shouldn't be going on the tour or still on the stage. He's got the wrong attitude.
I haven't stayed up this late on the phone in forever. <33333
now I feel like the world really will end in 2012. :)
There is a prom party here! : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
Instant message co-workers in your contact list throughout the day to help increase productivity in the office
More big news in the college football world today... that's right... The Mountain West Conference has a new logo!
My brother will b going on tour next month! Will you send him a S/O 2 help get his name out there? #ThanxLuv .. xoxo
Join In! If anyone has a comment about the show or question send them via twitter w/ a
. Agreed! And found some great new people to follow!
Am I really too skinny?
thanks man! I'm gonna miss you!!!!!
I would die! RT : Was already warned about the annoying girl that chews loud. "If she was eating marshmallows you'd still hear it."
that's Good Kelli.!!!! She Is beautiful Monster ---->
Just got home from the fun spot :D EPIC
good luck today! Looking forward to a great season!
My dog was dealing out is there gonna be bad weather soon?
thanks to for all his years making the #cardinals winners, may he enjoy his induction into the cardinals hall of fame tonight
Yeah! And we're getting different taps in all the time. Tonight! Take a pub crawl without moving at downtown's only neighborhood bar!
some reason I can't follow u
I just learned today that bacteria is not the back door of a cafeteria. :D
are you coming to hang? Bring Ed haha
going to answer questions and sing some songs I wrote....I wrote a special one that is gonna be saved for last for ariana
Hello. I need a life update ASAP little lady! Miss NDMS all the time
Welcome to the twitter-verse! I know you will love twitter once you get used to it ;) Have fun!
I am not black and I agree. It a shame he was killed but I think we need all the facts b4 we 1/2
In the studio as always
I get caught up almost every time even though I know better, just b/c I love pink.
Thanks for coming last night! Get any good photos?
The ten most terrifying words to workers are: "I am Mitt Romney, I am here to help you."
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st Meeting is tomorrow at 5pm in Room 314. Be There!!!!!!!!!!!
I may lose my job but at least I'll be on the beach! ☀🌊
well I already had this one but I never really used it but now this is the one I use until they give me my other one back
Feeling slightly more magical than before. Forward!
I need luck ... and clorox. :)
i got that right
Happened to wear a tie today. Everyone asked me what I was dressed up as. Le sigh.
Success - I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
I loved your #WayBackWednesday this morning! It helped me get some motivation.
GO CARDS!!
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO PLAY 21+ SHOWS seriously can you do a m&g at bamboozle
You know you have an obsession when you can scroll through tweets and know exactly who said them and why..
I said Steak and shrimp for lunch?
This break is going by to fast
Oh how I love thee, Amazon. Is there anything you don't sell? You make my life so much easier and your customer serv is great!
Also, such a well deserved honor for you tonight. Enjoy. Now looking up Genlux, they seem right for a project of mine. Be well
What an amazing day this was!!! WOOOHHHOOOO!!! I'm SO INSPIRED!! Spring?!?! What are you doing to me.... heart ya! ;D
Thx to for talk on & blending eternal verties of journalism w power of social media. Thx to too!
he's mine back it up
Time to rise and shine ☀😌
my cousins'
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE this is part of my new years resolution... For you to notice me(:
eChalk has automated updates from #NCWISE. Doesn't solve everything, but sure makes life easier for NC Schools. Big thanks directed
NDP says unfair to subsidize GO Trains but sell off Ontario Northland Railway
If you have 5-10 mins, I'd love to talk to you about the reports about the Spurs. Phone, skype or email.
I havent RT : you guys met Nick?
sure! I've got a few errands to do in the morning, but I'll definitely be by with it before lunch.
The dark circles under my eyes have finally gone away! That only means one thing, it is almost time for me to head back to school...
tough day at the office Beetle?
after hearing that info u definitely need to call me back on LOL
humping for grants, then hot weather was calling me out for ice cream. I unplugged. Didn't see the article tweet either.
Jones already made the biggest post-season special teams play of the #ravens 2011 season ... as a
that's exciting. head first into these properties and then a prologue play to Salem witch trials? I theoretically like his style
Once the chain is broken, none of the links are safe.
was that an attempt to be clever? ;)
Feeling stress FREE!! Now I just got some moving to do and then I'll be even better
Damn #oomf is about to get in..
- I got in trouble & parents took phone away I'm going to go before school tomorrow to finish the project.
I blame for playing that Party Rock Anthem song xDD
We saw a Leisure Travel Ninja at the #allypn meeting. Huh.
lol i hate u
if I could have heard anything she said backstage it would it be better. I think I screamed nice to meet you at her face.
Anderson Cooper: "it's hard to talk when you're teabagging."
That's crazy how ppl still see the "like me" video.... even tho its not up anymore..... KEEP WATCHIN!!!!
guilt trips usually work on me. But thanks lol
that's how it goes!
"I think they should have a parade!" - Woody Paige on the Sixers beating the Bulls. Hilarious!
Your chicken was amazing! Thanks so much for participating in the event
AUSTREAM IS BACK! anyways i swear the man i had was a pedophile, in my year11 assembly they are sowing our yr7-11 photos!
RT “: can giraffes throw up? by the time it reaches their mouth wouldn't they've already swallowed it cus of gravity?#deepthought "
I see an email we sent you a while back maybe you didn't get it. We'll clean your wiki and block IPs where appropriate.
forever alone
We have a bunch of absolute idiots running the Fed. Gov't now and you want them in charge of your healthcare - God help us all!
Man I wish I had every freestlye by that nigga is fire. #notdickrindingbutdickriding #nohomo.lol!
chile u stay tryna buck clam all dat dwn before i bat the piss out u bruh lol
Amazing night with :)
lol hate when that happens!
Created the BCS//“: RT : Former SEC Commish Roy Kramer voted 5 SEC teams in his top 11 on Harris ballot.”
Had a great time today at George Mason University. Always enjoy presenting on immigration.
Hahaha! Awesome. RT : Just set a new record... Biggest diaper blowout yet! The things I share with you guys!
I love them too, I love NYC, I really do, but for right now I have too much tying me to Portland.
Happy mothers day to women that has my back since day 1. I love you Katherine!
except they weren't naked and worshipping Whitey in cocoon
glad you like !
yes, please. RT: To the Danny: get peyton AND RG I
I wonder what George Zimmerman did for #AprilFools day
Thanks Sherry! It wonderful to be in alignment with what you are supposed to teach AND have a venue to share in!
YAY! Just got paid! =)
Yes I did graduate then! When did you graduate?
: Tacoma-02/07 (pm closure I-705). During southbound closure, drivers will not be able to access I-705 from Schuster Parkway.
Breakfast sandwich would be awesome. Or a wrap w a corn tortilla. All the breakfast items look great!
#a11y, specifying font as black in HTML within Blackboard, will that cause any issues with AT contrast settings?
Looking at the economic trends relating to employment... Tweet me with your thoughts on where we are headed.
wowww, i TOTALLY had no idea that my hair was in a loop
If I could change anyone it would be anyone but you. Look to the sky for when it falls it falls for you, I fell for you.
he was the sick fuck that also said " 9/11 was because of the activities of the ACLU"
I don't know how I will get through this week. I have too many Louisville fans in my life. *sigh*
Tweet tweet tweetizel tweetie tweet tweet! You know its not better than my gli spaghetti alla vodka ;)
Thanks, doll:) : your icon is really pretty!
Thank you for the follow. :)
Check out our new website, give us feedback on what you like and don't like!
awesome, thx. how about LinkedIn profile? or are we talking for the library, not personal?
deal, and don't get mad when I trash the room because they bring in brown M&Ms...
two new students for the core conditioning 9-11 year olds!!!
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
yes, I thought someone was taking a picture until the thunder rolled!
Ima take that bitch to college. Ima give that bitch some knowledge.
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet? Where the hell is that unfollow button.
There is no single way to do anything. Sometimes you just have to keep trying until your style and way shine through and it works for you.
I think I just made my mom a fan.
and we, you!
Need Help ABQ. What is the difference between the Hispano & Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce? Does the Hispano only cater to Hispanic
Sometimes things fall apart, so other things can fall into place :)
We need to start a gang.
Thanks, Ron! Your emotobooks look pretty darn intriguing too RT Dick Cheney Saves Paris looks darn tootin' good.
yes, which is why I didn't feel like I was going out on a limb with my statement :-)
what a beautiful day !
Science fiction is what I point at when I say
yeah but idk i hope so
I won't be getting much into the NBA Playoffs because the field looks like we'll have predictable results in June.
Happy Birthday young fella!
I'm less than 30 mins. from actually going down into the deep tunnel!
Women run my family. Werk it ladies.
I think it has something to do with the show!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
If you want to know what all this #CES business is about, feel free to dm me
what's good kid
Can you believe there were 25,230 reported eye injuries in one year alone that required time away from work?!? Luckily, 90 % of all eye...
Aw, so fun! We can't wait to see when they bloom!
That is EXACTLY what it means. :)
What pick number is going to be on the clock
That made me literally burst into peals of laughter. DISCO: THE SILENT KILLER!
There's a #birthday in the office today and with it...the promise of red velvet cupcakes! It's going to be a good day...
moral of the story, get Foursquare
Rereading deleted scenes from book 1. Holy cow, there's some dark, gruesome stuff in here. Can't wait to put this shit into book 2!
Snowmageddon? Nah... it's more like Obamageddon with the money he's trying to give out.
What a hell in a cell match!
Spending the day with my mom! Love her! Tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day! Show her this tweet! Do it now!
Sounds great. I love to experiment when baking too. Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling
yeah... He said hows Jama and i asked who is this and he said wow. Then, its Devin. Oh gosh. I dont know if i can talk
Now I have to wait for a "shuttle"?? Might as well be the Seetah! (CTA) lmao
"Pauly D" was trending last night spinning #ABDC so needs to take over those trending topics tonight during #ThePaulyDProject !!
Go to the remaining dates on the "Occupy Your Mind" tour! , , & are incredible together :)
get the iPhone app. No Winger ever and you can listen in cornfields
This year is goin by so fast!
happy thirteenth shorty. Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
": “My fans are my existence. If only you knew how much I adore you. All of you.” - Selena Gomez."
Q4: Not sure if they're the "best" ways, but they're definitely proven effective methods.
The magnificent natural beauty of a Brazilian Cherry Hardwood floor, a gift that will be enjoyed for many years to come.
I thought pac agreed but mayweather had another excuse.....
Phillip Phillips lol
your metaphor is more eloquent
just trust me wen i say a lot is goin change in yhe next year for u
Astros to the AL West?! Guess I'll have to find another NL team to root for. DH is not baseball.
just waiting for some more likes to drop some new tracks...ticket giveaway tomorrow prob around 3
The story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
not true :)
1 Week from today - Team Camp begins - Schedules will be up Tuesday AM!
it looks like perky pug needs her anal glands expressed....
hhaah i love it and its all natural and good for my skin :)
With all that pink on!
Can't wait for the TCA tomorrow !!! :D
sweet. How long are you around?
Okay, I'll go over to your house and make you
it's my new tap dance company me and another tap dancer Kaelyn Gray just started in the Louisville/ Cincinnati area.
Eattin fun dip with brenden :D
lol hey ima call in a second, tryna find my way through Austin for a place to eat and watch the game.
I swear lol
Happy Birthday C.J!! Get that #Championship!!
blonde jokes are confusing..... :/
Mercury goes direct today so communications, planning, and negotiating should begin to normalize again.
My husband's name is Chuck Norris (for real) and we always love new, good Chuck Norris-ism so thanks!
#Solidarity from #MD! Protest Music for the 99% on
will follow suit when I hit a computer. #twitter mobile problems.
Woohoo! Patio full on a Monday afternoon. Come join the party. 2007 & 2008 Ensemble both open today.
So glad to hear he's going to be ok !!
will have to miss it :-(
I hope you have a Happy New Year so there is no more need for tears. Love the profile pic.
follow me so i can dm my info
I could fly if you had an airline job! LOLOL
What? 2 burnt out, underpaid workers scoring 1000s of tests? How could scoring possibly be inaccurate?
Stacy Robinson, a Wide Receiver on 2 Giants' Super Bowl-Winning Teams, Dies at 50 - New York Times
Thanks for the RT! I hope you're having a great day. :)
You can flunk school now but 10 years later when popularity doesnt count anymore and the real world steps in, youll regret tring to act cool
Runyon, Lunch at Cafe G and then AVENGERS tonight!!! Yes please. Don't mind if I do.
I swear people hear a lick of bad news and start to give up on shit. Grow a backbone and quit quittin, shit.
This white bitch on 25th n Locust just disgusted me *throws up in mouth*
Headed Uptown...
1st of all, jealous of ur time off! 2nd, you know that tour's coming to town!
I only got two Goodmorning mentions .. That's bold
I have time for you. <3
will you be at Larry's or Lora's? I might stop by since I'm in AH for the weekend
hahah ! happens when you hit the snare well ! so its a good thing :)
Each hub includes webinars, kits and explanations about how each tool can be used for business
love u too my sweet
bring your daughters to the madison show tonight
played a good game today all because braided my hair. #PowerOfTheFishTail 👌😌😏😜😉😊
It's like I always wanna just punch him in the dick.
OH FOUND THEM
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was hot.
Biscuits and gravy.
Thanks for the follow!
I've never done that - but let me know if he figures it out!
that's sew cool. let's see them...
What do you call a black guy on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard.
Celebrate the Centennial #Classof2012 with a traditional Eucharistic liturgy today, 4-5pm in #Loyno's University Sports Complex.
Pumped Up Kicks by being played on the #Emmys. WOW. You guys are on fire!
At 's defense his adviser asked him to describe manuscript as a movie byline. Try that?
4:00pm - Get your seat early. :)
No I'm not? O.o
So tired. I just want to sleep forever right now.
Tonight better fall... I wonder what time Ebby rollin out
keep it up.
wow, ur sweet
That Twitter account is hilarious!
I love you too much to pass up the opportunity to see you twice in one week. Thus, my presence at the Fox Theater.
o we o killer tofu!
that he is better than Howard
it just will, its not hard to get famous,
Haven't seen this much diving since the springboard nat'l chps of '03
Listening to is getting me through work today. MBDTF is such an incredible album.
I keep dancing on my own
One step closer to music video.
RT check out and to see what the spook is all about!
A lot of cross-promotion missed having a #JonJones #RashardEvans UFC match on
Loser in 2012, yes, I don't think he'll master any debates against
Dr O'Reilly should clearly define/set out objectives/responsibilities & publish qrtly report until this monster is sorted out.
is eagerly awaiting to hear about her new phone from the WWDC.
I need sunshine!!
I like that idea, because indeed, I did like your blog.
Hahaha! Awesome. RT Balled like Mr. Clean. Shots were fallin' like Alicia Keys.
Great childhood memory: "Your moms here, quick hide so you cant go home."
A huge thanks to for pacing me up The Hill. Turns out it only hurt a little!
Yes, this idea is sold overtly and subconsciously. I think it's right to question that. Subvert it.
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
gah i would but i already eat when im upset and and am lucky im not gaining an absurd amount of weight bahaha. ^.^
Left is Right | The politics of the rising European left - Socialist Worker
Getting ready for tomorrow. I so need to keep up with putting rollers iin my hair at night. Leaves a better look in the morning.
I am looking forward to the release of Russ Aimz' "Rock Dog Revolution" cd. It has been a pleasure to create cd cover art for this album.
that'd be wicked cool!
Lol... I have a stalker and his name is : /
tell lucas that then cuz he told everyone its at 1 know
on that hush mode right now hahahah
When will Polyphonic Spree be taking the stage tonight?
assuming we take any more transfers.
hahahahahaha lou everytime I see you tweet this I giggle out lous
#Browns offense is struggling, they have to find a way to move the ball, if not scoring, at least for field position!
yeah yeah
is that even a question?! Of course I'll be there! Just please don't crash our boat...
tell her i said hi!
yeah its not weird at all when my friend who is girl who is straight smacked my butt scared
Hawks are already in the penalty... keep attacking
#Boston is waiting for this
and pathetic perimeter defense gives Philly back the lead. Crap.
what's it for? I can do either. DM me :)
what I've been saying. Dude just needs to go away.
There is a very large wild turkey in the parking lot of this office building. I'm scared out of my mind.
Can my mom please stop reading through my things!!! This is why I need my freedom to get away from her annoyingness!
Medicine Evaluation Treatment Centers
"These niggas hoes in designer clothes"
Bass while in the car with my boyfriend >>> yes
Hey:) are you going to the starlight gala this year?:)
Wondering if there's something behind the two guys in Flyers attire across the bar. Pun possibly intended.
Brock doesn't want to beat me he wants to be me
Lil B The Based God is following me on Twitter! I hereby relinquish all my bitches.
Wonderful Wednesday!
That was/is a very, um, interesting comments thread...
What are people's thoughts about the Google Art Project? I got a chance to use it as a reference source and I really dig it.
yes, without a question! Let's pick a date!
I suggest shelves at first. Makes them easier to constantly re-arrange.
worst morning, ever.
Now that's how I like it. Classic Nickelodeon TV from the '90s. Back when TV was good
There's enough Chris Brown hate still out there. Seems like he could have done more with his speech.
Ray Charles overload this fine day..... "Unchain My Heart"
Ugh now the babysitting is starting
sounds like a great memory. are you still involved with causes?
birthday is in 2 weeks!! November 7th just like !
Don't hurt em Bro!!! Haha... : Today its a strong possibility i may lose it with in the next 2 mins!
u as well
Hi Kate! Here @ #Bumbershoot too for #hall&oates How r u?
Grant Napear Show = 7 Stages of Grief in it's various forms
just crazy changes and I am growing sick of it, but alas power through
Hurry up or we'll be late to sports rehearsal! Don't forget your costume!
haha that's not bad man pretty organized I'm impressed haha
We are doing the same thing! What recipe are you making?
its gonna be a long day of #baking .
- "I'm the bad boy of Christian Rock"
Big Fish On! Jethro Baits products Snug-itz & Stop-itz will soon be available at Roland Martin's Marine Center Clewiston Fl.
The last day of school before break is exciting. Woke myself up by listening to the Neil Diamond version of "Chelsea Morning".
haha thanks dude..1st #Playoff W since #01 ... The pathetic streak is over!
His last comment before he logged off my account: "Hm, I can see how this would B addictive..." cc
Never cared
The Silk Tie likes William!
hahaha you about died.. That's what friends are for
Need a lil nap.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others
Happy B-Day Dawg!!! I hope you have a RoKiN day dude!!!
Mail.app is at 200% CPU. Gmail is at 51% of 7.7GB allowed. Score = Email 1, Adam 0.
The way winter's been, I expect spring to be 100+ degrees with drought conditions. With summer best described as "Venusian."
#notwaterpolo #Twilight funny. Instant karma.
Opening hymn: "Are We There Yet?" by Groovelily ()
OHMYGAWD. :) That's so cheap for such a classy lady like yourself.
DrHumanities wants all students to remember that "the act of pronouncing [something] wrong's a form of caring." (Robert Pirsig)
God Gave Me You <3
“: The game (& life) doesn't stop for anyone. We're all replaceable. No bad days; only GOOD or GREAT ones.”
": Retweet if you want to leave a load on my #Cuban tetas!" +6
That was an awesome catch!!!
Abbie! How sweet! Thanks so much. You just made my day. You're not too bad yourself :)
haha thank's but it's only because you said we need them, btw pb&j rocks at 11:03 pm GET ON MY LEVEL!
I feel like tweeting about about you :)
New playoff inspired #IAMMEMPHIS T's will be available on Sat & Sun!
Congrats to Tony Stewart!!!
Athletic Vs Athletico 0-1 sad about it, but the match is already in game!! Aupa Athletic!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
really good day! my brain is mush now tho! lol only have 93 pages left to edit! thank the Lord!! ;)
We're not 100% certain, but it appears as though Allure really does... call them... blowies . More » Post from: TheGloss
Nice Work #PGH this is very COOL!
Satrapi: "We should forgive but not forget... instead, we forget and never forgive."
Just saw Barefood Contessa cook meatballs and spaghetti, do you know that i have never had it ! ..Not together, but it must be good! YUM!
Almost game time at US Airways Arena. I honestly would not be surprised either way
you better be rooting for the bucks
These poems are starting to blur together!
Sorry I missed meeting you last night, Michele. Next time I hope.
what are u doing? (:
thanks for thinking of us; we're quite modest in size; hope we can help...
#5ThingsICantStand Bullying, Fake People, School, Homework and when people bother me when i say go away
She ain't even let a nigga know when..
you are absolutely the best!!!!! Thank you for enabling my perfect new years!!!!!!!
I'm 10 feet away from Radiohead and I feel my life being complete.
thank u Karl! They sure were tasty. But I won't do that again for a while, promise! :))
Blasting her Bose stereo >>> getting to drive my mom's car >>>
I owe You guys one! Thank you!!!
I miss so much! We need to do something asap!
Sorry Nate, but the submissions are over. :( It's still a hilarious joke though!
what are you doing now?
Glee makes me happy!
absolutely, i'm really excited. thanks a lot
Getting to that point where I'm so stressed I parse my sentences to ununderstandability. ;)
oh :D yes
Adam Lambert is so hott....why must he be gay? Its not fair. Lol
Superb! via MEN JUST ADDED TO MAY DAY FESTIVITIES! WE WILL BE PLAYING AT 7 PM AT 2 BROADWAY AS THE MARCH REACHES THE STAGE! ! !
Just starting work on a new piece - rehearsing on governors island. It's beautiful. Thanks LMCC!
who am i? im me. bitch do you know even who you are?
RT : Rub BBQ Monday night burger special is the tallegio burger.That's the Rub house grind burger topped w/ tallegio......
... we should be careful/Of each other, we should be kind/While there is still time.
stop..you're making me blush lol
I hate it when my cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of my milk
I am loathe to give up my my landline as I use it so often to find my cell!
#Thoughtoftheday: if u subject ur self to drama, dont expect me to pity your ass! Stupid is as stupid does, fools shldnt come in twos! ;)
Basketball Skills Competition at Travis County Expo Center then Muay Thai Talent Search at CTC Austin this AM. Here come the flyers!
Sky High, Woodland Hills. Let's touch the sky.
Working on HDR panos for the first time. This is just a little bit tedious...
LostSpoiler: Desmond in the hospital - resolved too quickly.
FYI, I was teasing before, I wasn't uspet that you hadn't followed me yet;)
Agreed. Can't afford P.O. every 5 miles MT route customer will have to travel for certified letters & large packages
:) id love to doll :D
Thanks for playing Classical 89.3!
Sunday means 's Smorgasbrewery at 12- 5PM with Short Order Eggs &
Landon, I can't beliebe tomorrow will be 5 years, I miss you so much and can't wait to see you one day.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you can join us for our event!
We'll see at #AFT tonight! Anyone else?
Telling someone why you love them is like explaining what water tastes like.
Hmm...tea and toast
#20peopleilove my family for being always there
Ain't no #GARMY like a West Coast GARMY, 'cause a West Coast GARMY don't stop! is so great on
you forgot the part where she charged him with fists raised. not that I'm surprised by that, let the spin machine begin.
Can't wait to hear make excuses why the lakers got that ass whooped. Kobe was sick... Guaranteed we hear that one more than once
I say go for it as long as you aren't attached to playlists. Lots of standard playlist management features missing from Rdio.
When your favorite song is playing and someone starts talking to you. :\
gotcha ;) I think we will be joining!
ok last time I tried something like this the lights in Nottingham went off, school children sent home, the Berlin Wall fell
Actually 8:40 now! “: Editor will be on at 8:20, chatting Cinco de Mayo
RT Tonight at General Membership Mtg 7pm for #CA52 District will be available for Q&A.
Athletics are a funny thing. As players, you have choices. We made a choice (Saturday), last night we didn't - Mike Hultz
aye :) i can show waat better than i can tell u
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude my personality is who I am your attitude depends on who u r!
me too although I war real young!
have you seen "Miss Representation"? I feel like we've talked about this but over drinks LOL
don't worry I will not let drunk mara have them ☺
Looking for something to do today? Head over to Flavors of Westmoreland today for a great cause and some great food!
When a person love you they show it even in front of family and friends
Damn I aint been on twitter in ah min...
You should win the league just based on the name
right actor, wrong movie. that's from 'galaxy quest'!
really LOVE your blog!! So #creative and #fun!
Thx for the follow & #CAHSI updates! Congrats on grt keynote. Our co-director Alicia Dowd was on the social science panel yesterday.
The heat is showing out
A Great way to end the season!!
bed soon. getting kindaa tired:/
2hrs of sleep, woo! Go me!;)
Still working on groups presenting...
Music Director Kenneth Gartman sang at this morning. Unity has been very supportive of The ToyMaker! Thank you!!!
brewster with jags
is a nerd.
Trickle down and bust. Dont hate it but im supposed to be flipping and not dominated.
"If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living." Gail Sheehy
If I roll over when it's over I'll take this Cali sunrise with me And wake up with the fondest memories Memories
"Just came to say goodbye love, goodbye love."
after four days of writing over Labor Day weekend... only eight paragraphs! Help...
you most definitely are not!!
...it's because we are getting older...i want to get married...lol i already have a wedding dress in mind and all haha w ...
Team follow back.....
You shouldn't share business secrets.
Twitter is all crickets today. Where is everyone?
that's what we've been teaching in pe this week. We could bring you in for a seminar ...
Just got done washn my hair
Downloading a free mp3 by I, The Skyline (), via Purevolume: www.purevolume.com/itheskylineca
Have a great time Danielle!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
RT : Where will you find a yodeling contest, former car factory artist colony & FREE 500 Fest Concert? Only Downtown.
you messed up on that one hahaha
Tin roof! Rusted!
Late night Walmart trip !
Chuck Norris was born May 6, 1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not!
We're creating an "intro to DH" grad workshop series with hands-on learning. Would appreciate links to successful models.
tones are optional!
i love YOU so much <3
In fact I adore lions :) Now, how can we work antitheism into an MLIS thesis? Did Hitchens talk about libraries?!
:( That's not good... Are you gonna be okay?
R U talking about Life cereal? Because whole grain oats r essential in a well balanced diet. 20g of whole grain per serving. : )
Just dumped coffee al over my shirt. #Brilliant Maybe will give me a new one?
Hardwell ftw. Be there in an hour duder.
Nothin like being exhausted al day and then not being able to sleep
i'm getting sick .
The funniest thinq juss happened ... hey snooki I hope dat u nn jionni r bac together if so, I'm happy 4 u guys!
it doesn't make you look cool
hey:) did u have on the set of Victorious?
Thanks. Dr. Spanish
Too noisy.
It all started with covers on YouTube. Then concerts in the U.S. Then singles. And now concerts around the world. :')
"Not only strike when the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - Oliver Cromwell -- Wayne Lambert ()
Happy Holidays! The Athenæum will be closed on December 24th and 26th and will reopen on Tuesday, December 27th.
Dude said he give his Kids $20 a week. That ain't no $.
Almost took a pic of CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler...then realized I need to re-adjust my definition of celebrity...
hi, I was wondering if you could do a favor & skype w/ the SWAT team of my school to spread tobacco awareness. Please reply(:
looking forward to the webinar as well. I am very excited to introduce you to &
hell yea
Seriously gorgeous morning in Boston!
How are the piano lessons coming?
Why weren't you ? More #shaking going on than in an #EddieMoney Song !
Jeff Gordon needs a break... Very tough...
hahaha that's awesome! Enjoy that, tell the Callis' I said hello 👋😄
My thoughts exactly.
Have you thought about any colleges you would want to play for?
RT - Join us in 15 minutes to see perform on the #VerizonStage!
bye bye Blake
Listening to jazz while reading a book about randomness, I feel like I should have a cig in my hand
I dig Really easy to use and good A/B testing... best one I've used.
#mlanet12 To Do List: bought iPad, checked on brains & tshirt, emailed about Section Shuffle, emailed about MIS bus mtg
no porn for you tonight sir
Time to begin again, today is the day.
this convo is disgusting.
#sidenote I dont believe Austin is intentionally a #fckup but you 2 def school him on being a fckng #grownup!
I can't feel my face !!!!!!!! Get at me ! Thank god for auto correct on the iPhone so everyone can understand me (/:
Is there any way to watch the playoffs without cable?
are you back in SD? I may or may not have seen you when I was being removed from Incahoots. Hopefully ill see you tomorrow. 140
At the 45th Annual Award Celebration for the Community Action Organization, one of the few remaining anti-poverty program orgs of the 60's.
It's psychological... Should I acknowledge it or pretend it's not there?
haha are you going to the Nickelodeon worldwide day of play in DC?
#BASKETBALLWIVES why are these women so angry or is it the editors making them look like this?
But it's not warm out today!
You know its cold when your nipples are hard! lmao [x
No way. I love her AND her tweets...I just wondered ;)
what is it about a rainy day that just makes you want to curl up with a book?
Excited to represent as Parade Marshal tomorrow for Come march with us!
Okay, #THATCamp LAC applicants: check your email!
cool text me If you are
Life is full of ironies… candies, brownies & sweet cherries. Must avoid all unhealthy goodies, so I can fit into my panties!
BIG ups to all the moms out there today!!!!
I am reading Founding Gardeners by Andrea Wulf.
UBC Military Appreciation Day is Sunday, August 28! Active, retired, reserve military and dependents receive free admission.
Come and get your Friday Fish! We have Dinners, and Today's special: Get a Catfish or Perch Sandwich w/ Fries and a Soda for $5
I want.cookies and milk
Haha nice! Which ep were you in??
my skin is all tingly. and i wanna cry. why is my anxiety being this way? .-.
But Fedor hasn't lost but 1 fight in YEARS. Assuming he wins does he regain the title of best HW in the world?
i still don't get why everyone hates nickelback so much
RT Q5 Self-promotion time: SHARE your most recent videos or posts youve done on video sharing.
yea if you ever come out here towards the south go to checker burger.
Trying to get our twitter follower count up! If you love Georgetown click follow
This is great! Thanks Rosemary!
Today is the beginning of about two straight weeks of chaos, stress, and hopefully fun. Hope i don't die!
Amen ! RT : Having a bad day? It's ok....That's just part of life! Everyone has those days whether they admit it or not....
Yeah, you messed that tweet up bad.
now ur making me not wanna go haha
I occasionally click on the ads in awesome youtube videos. It's how I support the arts.
Hehe. SO CALL ME MAYBE
Chech out this fabulous Poodle
nothing like hitting the gym bright and early!
RT : "'We're ride or die, they're ride or "like omg hi'"
Ideally. RT You. Only. Graduate. Once.
#iwhipmyhair because like Willow say dont matter if its lonq,short whip your hair so i whip it lollx from Taylor K Miller
zook on the twitter machine love it
Happy Friday everyone! #FF three exceptional San Diego editors/reporters
Yes, you had several first-pitch hits off Hernandez IN THE 2ND. That was a long time ago. Hernandez has adjusted. Now, the #Rays need to.
Me either lol
Printing more Pittsburgh Zombie tees.
Bum the Bummer
I remember starting a new job and over exceeding my goals. When it comes time for your evaluation all you get is"meet expectations."
a truly delightful brew, from packaging to finish. well played
Long, full day. Happy day. Birthday. People singing to me. All for me! Cake!
We have so much going on. But we are glad to be busy
Thanks for following Check out some nice clean visually pleasing to the eye design work.
Check out our newest project, "Rise Above" for The Red Tail Project. Added to our "Restorers" shoots, it's going to be a busy summer!
It feels good to just say fuck and not give a fuck while doing it.
I miss you so much!! I didn't want to text you cause it's 5am...not that you'd wake up from it anyway haha. I miss our snugs
Yall Need To Start Following Back !
My friends are better than yours. It's just the truth.
what job??
Best of luck to our east coast friends and family - stay safe. What is the best wine for storm watchers?
#nowplaying florence and the machine
I'm +1 on tech/journo opengov lobbying cooperation. Sounds like a great idea. PAC?
Indeed he did.
So hard...I miss to my bfd(((
Surgeon Mode
People-watching at #Adepticon ...interesting...
so am I I'm like Ohh shit. Omg my connect had a qp last night of some fire ass shit
Nice looking bunch, but you're missing too key people: & !! cc:
good luck on that paper!
like the '80 shirts minus the pit stains
Father can you hear me? We need your love today, iknow that you are listening to hear men everyday. Father please hear us. . .
Dance call backs @ SMT
Be sure to check back next week as we start announcing films for the 3rd Annual New York City Independent Film Festival!
"Every child in the middle school will have a computer" -Don Cunningham on re-envisioning school
Its stupid Algebra question like this->If Q is equivalent to A what does it equal to? That make me wonder to much about the world -____-
How you all had a great #Thanksgiving! Now are you ready for #BlackFriday?
Lol, picking the twitter follower is random...old school vintage style, names in a hat
Sorry to hear. Or should I be?
I'm not moving from the dance floor, party in the moonlight and dance in the sunrise
January gigs: 1/26 at Somethin' Jazz with David Ullman Quintet 1/27 at Bohemian National Hall with Ron Affif Quartet www.karelruzickajr.c…
my feet dont stank thank u....ily 2 katie😘😍
In Chitown till Friday night. Watching tomorrows game should be interesting as I'm sporting my green and gold.
Finally have an excuse to write about my favorite YouTube genre, cigarette request erotica. Thanks, history of media theory class.
finished reading "The Politics of Space Security" by James Clay Moltz. Review forthcoming in "Quest: The History of Spaceflight Quarterly."
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO"
Sorry, I'm booked up that weekend. Thx for thinking of me. Mr. would be a good guy to talk to.
#2011rules because I've already got more overtime than all of 2010!
#ICriedWhen I Saw In September Singing And Doing The Dougie!!! 143 So Much!!!
touching bromance you two have going on.
Dang it's been 115 days since I last was on Twitter Dam
thx! looking forward to meeting with you!
moms phone hahaha and alright
English frank is so fucking raw!
Sony a65 or a77 I will be buying soon great cameras. Love sony
Chocolate milk is a viable substitute for coffee creamer, right?
you're turn, turn, turn, turning me on like a slow fire burn. i know that it's wrong but still i run run run run right into you
Ey Life did u get the record I send you?
Looking forward to tonights rare shared practice where 2 of my kids are on the ice at the same time! :)
Feeling Jayz Heat Baby!
Yep even more new studio clips on our YouTube channel!!
Did you help coach your kids soccer team this year? That's a JOB!
Why the hell is it 4:24 AM and i'm still awake???
JT launching HomeMint interiors collection today ... This should be interesting
Just guess. Im gonna lose the Osnapitzari
no :( I'll be in Afghanistan
Why are you upsetting yourself? Go down to a music store, see what you like, and either order it online or in store.
Game. Set. Match. It's gonna be OKC-LAL. #Lakers gotta travel and face the very well rested #Thunder on Monday. Yeah. Good luck with that.
": Would you like to work for MindStep Energy as CTO?" - hi Aneesh, remember me:) let's talk about !
Sorry mate, not even close! Tell you what, you visit here and I'll take you to a game and vise versa!
I'm trying my very best to not freak out too much. That's my goal for the next 44 days.
who's from Pittsburgh????
& it has been: injuries from 5 yrs of cont play + a star striker w a broken leg + great defender w a kidney cancer/transplant????
I wish I had an ass like Louis Tomlinson
: lol. Onwards! I'm looking at living in a small, beachside hut and selling handmade jewelry on a Caribbean island. Pura Vida
lol yes, Rion is my little brother tho he's too good to acknowledge that in social media.
Happy to talk w/ you about if you have any questions.
Okay, switching gears.....
So. my best friend is real Hurt. You need to make her better !Go follow her? You dont know how long she's waited
"Holly Hilton. That sounds good." "Who are ya gonna marry? Paris?!" "Um Tyler..." BAHAHAHAHA
never tasted yellow cake before gotta try dat
