lol this needs to end. Bye.
those that can do, those than can't become American Apparel models
I do believe that the fact that I am not working is playing a big part in this all
“: If I saw Vinny on the streets 20 years from now my heart would still speed up a bit.” you and me both!
RT : Good news tonight on a GREAT friendly. Hopefully we can finish it up. Stay tuned
follow and search him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Follow him
I need you to give me a rebranding makeover. ;)
Udonis Haslem got D-wades back dunkin on Taj Gibson yesterday...how bout that karma
that would be great, thanks!!
SO FROM NOW ON WHEN YOU THINK OF ME JUST REMEMBER I COULD OF BEEN THE BEST THING THAT YOU EVER HAD
Don't take people's word for it, live your own life!
Be a lover, not a fighter. But always fight for what you love...
I was very briefly icked by the email this morning. Then I remembered what day it is. ;)
What do you call a fake stone in Ireland? A sham rock.
every time I make a typo, or forget an apostrophe—even in a tweet—I think that the stress takes years off of my life, that's normal right?
Uncle Ray did speak truff....but ya'll, Ray Watson just reminded me of Eddie Kane Jr. from the 5 heartbeat...4 real
I love that
Next thing you know you'll be tweeting about NASCAR. RT : I'm really in to country music lately and don't know why
RT : Nobody likes you Monday, go away.
I like it! We'll see you soon!
thanks for following. stay tuned. more to come.
hell I'm not going to argue with you about it I'm a month older so stop Lol
sank you very much! :)
That awkward moment when your making a wish on 11:11 and you get interrupted by 11:12
Finally visiting State Street Brats. It is everything I thought it would be.
Just finished my last rehearsal for final scenes, and I'm feeling real good about it! Now bedtime!
Hofbrauhaus... A rowdy good time!
Lets keep spreading the word #RObotz! were doing good so far, but we can do better! Follow !
Wearing blue skinnies and thinking, I'm just cool
Oh my! wat did u do to a customer?
Gas is too high for the highway
it would be the first one I watch... RT Things I'd do if I ran ABC, Vol. 199: make Amanda Knox the next Bachelorette.
THATS NOT GOOD AT ALL.
My dog just got his, & the tag is ENORMOUS, bigger than other 2 tags- like he's walking around w/5 of commandments on his collar
Dallas fabric store, located on Lovers lane and Inwood... first tweet!
Heard about tonight, told 3 people, 1 of them already gave a $50 loan to student in S. America. Keep it going
that is some bomb ass eetch!
RT : The only class warfare we need to wage is against the political class.
Timing sucks, too. Hopefully it's warranty.
lol. hartsfield was crazy this am. #RSAC here we come. RT : Hot bag!! ( - ask them to hold the plane!) ;-)
I had to fall to lose it all..
I will totally come see the house this week!
As always, call your congresspersons (don't email, call!) to tell them not to limit research access you've paid for.
Oh man, the horror!!!
Does anyone have HBO and is willing to let me invade their habitat to let me watch tonight's #GameOfThrones ?
Venue time and location change.. Playing 11p at Lalibela!! If u are DC hope u can make it!
&& that moment is now.
wishing U the BEST in Miami :) Go get~em :)
getting smashed and about to go out for some more quality drinking
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to your whole life? on the coming New World Order. #freedomwatch 8PM ET
is twitter the dh match[dot]com?
RIP Donald "Duck" Dunn, the bass, base, and ass of the Memphis soul sound.
": Sup AP! Fantastic seeing you Fri night:)" Always great to see you!
My mom put a link to a post on Facebook - that is a sign of high praise!
A small intelligent staff working 24/7 on the project. The PROGRESS, I can only imagine. For now, still just me until "the call" comes in.
I am NOT work today...mentally!
Mobile marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
RT Huge ovation for Becky as she enters the #WNBAAllStar Game!
Either the Tupac hologram was an incarnation of FX artist,or this is Machiavelli's/2Pac's gradual reincarnation, and was filmed in realtime
When I first moved here I loved the food network. Now I can't stand all these similar shows. What a missed opportunity that channel is
Only as much as I dream can I be.
+?social media?for those who have nothing else to do..or for us, who have so much to do...what the...we wouldn't get it all done anyway
Watching Where the Heart is while I work. It's a little more emotional than I thought!
It's weird how you go from being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, then strangers again.
We're so lucky to have as a Y Gen supporter! You're the greatest :)
I LOVE YOU GEORGIA!!! Thanks for loving me back!
damn shit sour but its life nothin stays the same
Who is coming in tonight after Jazz in the Park to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome drink specials?
Another hour & a half left
Back in vegas
Happy 4th of July everyone!
WTF SO AM I
i kno im blowed up hold on!
Great conversation, as always. Thank you all! Happy Friday and Happy Halloween!
Join this Friday at 11am for Irish dancing along State Street, to the lights and sounds of St. Patrick's Day.
Love this weather. It's like a fine glass of wine! TRT : 64 degrees today AND tomorrow. Winter has officially been skipped!...
good luck! I remember that journey / roller coaster well.
#CNN Tyler Perry Studios- Atlanta Fire Dept confirms one building has partially collapsed.
I wonder how many greyhounds a greyhound could drink if he drank greyhounds all day long
Lets go
How about David Letterman
“: Nothing against anyone but I know ppl change like the seasons and the result is usually disappointment”~~~not always
I got like 20 friends at the Laker game...is it that romantic at the Staples Center??? Lol
My vocabulary: 50% swearing. 50% sarcasm.
Battling a sinus infection. Got a chiro appointment today.
Mouse just ran over my foot at the airport
can we count on to be at our Soma show tomorrow night?
Are those Baby on Board signs supposed to be deterrents or incentives?
Dustin Brown is a BEAST
I observe all my friends closely
"when written, shit does not have an odor"
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Prada, Mercedes, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany all come to mind
Night all. xo
Haven't talked to anyone about play adaptation before Could be promising...Would love to know what you think of the book.
If you're a small biz..get a free website tomorrow at Ambridge Events Ctr. Google will give you a site for a year. 7:30a-2p.
I watchrd it. It hurt more than I expected. It also fired me up even more for this season
Overheard at 's #bringyourkidtoworkday: "Well honey, that's because everyone's not as crazy as you."
NBD just packed the hizzy in NOLA. We're comin back next year bitches.
CELTICS still ballin without P. Peirce. Let em ice that knee, we still got the point gaurd from Kentucky !!
wouldn't me doing guest post defeat the purpose of me getting to read your non-guest post thoughts on this?
thank you! you as well!
At chuky cheese this never gets old
Visit www.kcfilm.com to find out what the Film Commission of Greater Kansas City is doing to foster a rich and vibrant film culture in KC!
Okay, i'm mad. i thought we were only meeting on the last saturdays! i'll be in next time, promise!
Please dont say merry Christmas at 12 o' clock midnight, go to sleep and wake up and say it like a normal person
I wouldn't be too optimistic about that 2016 assumption.
Life Is A Bitch.
What is MiSFiTs?
That syrup, that lean, that oil, its goin down baby, know wut I'm talkin bout haha
dude I wish, I havent hung out w him in like, 2wks.
Cause i found someone to carry me home tonight.
WILL WAS ALIVE & THEN HE SACRIFICED HIMSELF TO LET THE HOSTAGES ESCAPE & THEN THE BANK FUCKING BLEW THE FUCK UP, HOLY SHIT.
then, almost Bless You. ;)
ha ha with that sort of invite!! Of Course!! :-)
This has always been one of my favorite Disney Channel movies. (Gotta Kick It Up)
Im missin my baby and its ur phone fault i hate that gernade lmfao kinda remind yu wat happen to ryan phone
#HTH2012 YEAH! Good discussion of common breakdowns #archaeology synthesis, interpretation, publication. Likes onsite synthesis active data
is that where I send my complaints for not getting any replies to my emails about house parties or dans guitar lessons? :p haha
haha i guess...
Looking forward to October ;)
Yes. RT "Renew. Renew NOW. #kjennytweets #woof"
RT interdisciplinary: (adj.) sucking in more ways than one
yum! Can u fedex to Seattle? Lol
apparently. Not sure why denouncing others gives you such pleasure. Have you turned republican?
FIFA is all about "Fair Play"...yeah, right. What a missed opportunity to send the right message to the world youth!
Now I really don't know why I squeezed into these jeans today, smh
go rays!!
Old Man Getting On Plane: "Are you the pilot?" Pilot: "Yes, sir." OMGOP: "Well, this is my first time on a plane." Pilot: "Mine, too!"
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and Herborn-Seelbach at German Fest this year!
O I would love to enter his world, "Baby, you taking applications?"
You smoke to be cool but like really your killing yourself
You think that you know mee.. But you don't.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Omg! I love Hello so so much!! This is the third time listening to it this morning :) :)
manana luigi!! we'll chat then :)
damn I didnt know a school can not allow someone to transfer out
RT When we lose the ego and you love until it hurts, there can't be any more hurt, only more love.
Life began when I saw your face, and I hear your laugh like a serenade...
Hola Madison! You should defff follow me and your future wife
dude i miss- nevermind. there's no point cuz umma keep missing it & it will never ever happen again.
RT : Today's Special - Chicken Panini - Roasted chicken, tomatoes, spinach, basil aioli & basil jack cheddar on french boule.
my endearing aunt and my cousins in high school just told me I'd make a great candidate on the bachelor, or bachelorette.
Some people needa realize, sometimes people just wanna be alone & don't wanna be pitied. It's nothing personal but u needa understand that.
I couldn't help it
Hey LeBron James, the New York are getting their Super Bowl RINGS. WHERE ARE YOURS???
In the 35 seconds it takes to walk up the pete steps.. Smh..who walks up the steps in 35 seconds??
Big congrats, Ben! says congrats too.
you need to come back. sign with the pack, big man.
We opened in May 2011, and are finally making enough moves to have something to talk about! Thx for the nudge to Tweet, !
Apple needs to buy swype from android..
:) Minuteman library network has cake pans. None at SFPL, that I can see. You'll have to move back.
ok. you gucci.
You look great and you ARE still incredibly funny. Keep doing what you're doing. :) Much love!
Chuck Todd: "Jerry Lewis on Ed McMahon: 'We're going to miss him but I sure as hell hope where ever he is, he's got his booze.' Ok then."
I'll be listening to Mercy all day today
why did so many people want to fight him?
Oz confirms Peavy to start Wednesday!!! Talk about sports history...this is a game that if you don't get on cable...order the MLB package!!
Build a Better DC. Start today.
Sometimes I feel like I waste my time with some people..
he got the baddest next to him :)
Hot yoga time
": The cheapest tickets to see Daniel Tosh at the Orpheum are $100... #itwasaniceidea" Looks like that's out of the question.
Haha (; & Ur mom didn't think you were a virgin?
i love zelda for super nintendo!
Still waiting . .
Thank you for the local support!
Suck on titties then makes a wish
well just got done talking to the studio owner he said yes we can use his studio whenever im so happy we are finally gettin their-Tamya
What does that mean? Nobody plays D. RT : So kobe is gonna have the highest score in the all star games history....
seitan cheese steak + curly fries from spak brothers = dinner win
i love it it so amazing its like a mysterie
I'm jealous :( haha
Omg @ python vs alligator
my 100th tweet goes out to my amazing owners. and << 2 amazing wonderful caring people right there. <111
I Cant Im Leaving Soon
it was good seeing you today bro. Hopefully we can get together and play again soon.
RT : Marc Staal. Because It's The Cup.
... now I'm gonna make you eat that shit
Same here. It is, as they say, in progress :-)
Letting go, moving forward.
We have a new server ready - vpn-fd2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Chicago. It's available in your customer area now.
ah thanks for the advice on the tweets
Up early watching teen titans! :) This is my show
Everyone1 says I sound like when I rap and sing!
Keep tweeting. Enjoy your stuff :-)
Audition info for Southwest Shakespeare up on the site. You can schedule for Phoenix Theatre auditions on-line this Monday, Apr. 18.
Some words of your wisdom would be pretty great for me right now :\
Vikas! Great meeting you last nite ! I'd love to link up & tell u abt - #SMS #accounting tool for #Bop !
Show at the Civic Center Ice Rink tomorrow! 9pm-12am. $5 for ice skating, food, live music, and socializing.Bring your friends :)
Where does James Bond lie on the spectrum of pop culture references these days?
It's joeys birthday!!!!
"I am free from condemnation." (Romans 8:1) #thatswhatHEsaid Wednesday, March 14
third shot?
"Praise is only praise when well addressed." -John Gay
“I am a woman in process-just trying like everybody else-I take every conflict, every experience and learn from it.Life is never dull”~Oprah
#happynationalbestfriendday to me & my BFF :)<3
Contemplating getting some Beats by Dre but I didn't like the Gaga ones I got before.
Spring officially arrived in Charlotte at 1:14 am. Oh, how I have longed for you ... Welcome back!
Success! 2,377 letters done. Now to print them and their envelopes and kill a medium sized forest.
Harden sucks! Nunez has three hits for the yanks...on my bench
thanks for the follow
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Face Painting News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
This day in 1973, Bruce Springsteen released his debut album ‘Greetings from Asbury Park, NJ.’ Would love to play soon.
Happy 4th of July everyone. Enjoy this time with those you love!
no problem! Hell yeah! Get it!!!
O I want to see pictures!! Haha And im sure you will!:)
Serving people grandly, graciously, and spiritually is a work of art. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
I JUST realized Wisconsin drivers have front and back license plate :s
I want some PUSSY :)
Happy Easter everyone! Jesus is risen...!(:
RT : QUESTION: Have you ever considered sponsoring a child through Compassion? Do you have any questions about the process?
text me back!
Welcome girl :) love ya too
thankss like two weeks late haha
We are doing well..... and I hear things are very good for you. This makes me SMILE. * SMILEING* hope we see you soon
BETTER than a granola bar, even! I'm eating hash browns, spinach & beans. You totally win.
Bored ass fckk
Karma is going to bite you in the ass . WATCH .
Swear! 😖 RT : I'm So sore! Ugh damn skates
#witness prep is more about de-training and breaking down ineffective communication habits.
In #Duluth where upset homeowner says city is backing out of promise to replace damaged property caused by construction. City repsonse at 6.
W.O.W. thats all I can say
Some old drunk guy just said he thought I was 52!!!! WTF!!!!
I also have thoughts of guilt over not thinking about it.
its a lot who are fake and say there otaku ...buts its ok my project is about to launch soon
So tired prom later on so goodnight/morning
My fantasy Basketball team is called Linsane In Da Membrane haha
I want a Bad Bitch a couple of Talents!!
Can't wait to write the book about my life. I am tired of thinking about this stuff.
Houseboating on the Murray River
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends, family, employees and customers!
And it also doesn't mean that I'm a "rich white bitch" or that I think I'm entitled to everything.
can i please geta follow back boo i showd too much luv lastnight fo ya boo str8 VIP section
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 47
fun stuff :) lol. How have ya been? :)
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
Psychopathic racists with guns kill people, not hoodies. What world are you living in?
Really annoyed we haven't left yet for overnight Derby party in Cynthiana!
excuse me?!?
Don't buy gas or diesel from SUNOCO(PETRO CANADA)/ESSO UNTIL THEY LOWER THEIR PRICES TO THE $.79 RANGE AND KEEP THEM DOWN. Retweet to all.
Proud that I know what this means. MT “: Great concert hall, but the floor is as sticky as Piedmont Dragway on Big Dog nite."
Today is the anniversary of when I moved to New York City. I'm celebrating by having a full blown existential crisis.
just casually hacking up my lung, ya knoww. being sick <<
To expect defeat is nine-tenths of defeat itself~Henry Louis Mencken
We r recruiting diaper donation dropoff locations If ur business would like 2 b a donation drop-off location,
My heart is breaking. The world lost a very sweet man last night. Gonna miss you, Uncle Jerry! :(
Yea that'll work
wait wait wait.....i see u niggas disappearing, ima find u
CRS Electronics Reports 2011 Financial Results
All the blogging advice out there tells you to start with a catchy headline, but I'm pretty sure I'm terrible at it.
And this is a bad thing how?
Writing music for marimbas and vibes is fun :3
a quick victory, just as i suspected.
Ewwww note to self: never drink a warm seaweed milkshake
Finally read David Mccullough's John Adams. Possibly
Can I remind you she said I look like a bag if money 💰💰💰
That awkward moment when you throw a pigeon at a pig and yell"ANGRY BIRD"
Taking four studio courses this semester: I'm doing art like I'm breathing air.
So long to everyone at #cildc. Up early to catch flight home. Leaving tomorrow for UKSG conference in Glasgow
What does the Boston Globe endorsement mean 4 Huntsman? We'll hear from KiKi McLean & next on Early Start
Finally decided to learn #jquery. Wow, I'm impressed! Why did I wait so long?
funky brother
Thanks for the RT friend! Hope the VISIONS Fair yesterday was a great success!
Sometime we are forced in directions we should have already found
I can view the slides just fine. I just couldn't participate in the exercise. I wrote the questions down, will try later. Thx
My allergies are so bad, I might have to start being one of those people who walk around with the creepy surgical masks in public.
Authenticity & good content RT : Q. What are best ways of networking online for an entrepreneur wannabe?
Just finished sign waving in the rain! We're at it again on later this week!
Nice meeting you!
DED Kriabo Kacyira: "Methods of communication are only as valuable as their ability to liberate people from their circumstance"
Me: Noah do you know what state you were born in? Noah: Yes, the United States of Marines.
Miss those guys.
fucking idiot drivers....
Hopefully this is my last test for the week :)
Check yo Facebook.
Did you know if you buy a bundle of ten boxes from us, you receive a 10% discount? We also sell a wide variety of packing products!
Vintage gym shorts. Irrésistible.
Just beat ICO. Scratch that one off the list. What a phenomenal game.
Good Sunday Morning! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! It's been full of getting together with friends and enjoying beautiful weather!
Cheap drinks this evening: $2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and $3 Corona!
"it's not garbage if it's new to you..." #SNL✌
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I
God favored me....and He favored you too
Chicken fajita wrap & broccoli on it's way from
wer u at
“: Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.”
Obviously didn't need me! Congrats! Your grandpa would be proud. RT a few yrs ago I asked u for a job on the air!
Yes I would be interested in talking with you on camera but would like a few more details before agreeing to do so
Watching Boy Meets World in class
omg haha and I was supposed to be studying for my test but that didn't happen cuz Alex decided to get on..:p
"I'm gonna need an extra big oil pan to cut the wind underneath." Ready to run fast and hard all day.
Your potassium may be low. Eat some bananas.
I’ve always loved the “write what you want to know” philosophy. And what I want to know right now is: how does one become a pirate?
earthtocarla pmsl!! could you drop it off at her tomorrow before school? oh wait no we've all to be in town for half 8 :/
could i have a shoutout?..... love your account <3 im on follow limit
Good Morning!! Blessed to see another day....
starting to fall for him kinda, gotta get my head back in the right place.
Hey Bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to dress like Cece on shake it up
Vampire Weekend pre-ordered.
BOO! (the assist to Bo!)
if you can't catch a yawn you're a psychopath!
Thank you. How are you? Tell Barry I said hello.
you don't have the balls lmao
thank you (;
just got #DoubleXP for my clan for 3 days ;)
Thanks for following! We heart The Statesman! :)
I am sure that someone at (me, , or other contributors) would like to submit something. We'll discuss.
RT : Thank god it's what day is this.
#ThingsThatTasteGoodWhenYouHigh sugar popcorn
Painting the bedroom today - quite a project!
totally agree.
Now look at me, I'm sparkling.
Experience is the best teacher.
Well thank you - glad you enjoyed!
Yes we can!! Just keep telling your friends to tweet
:"Juha Helpppi just got dealt 2c2c at my table. Good thing the bad deck didn't void 1st 30 min, I'm up to 40k :)"
I was so impressed.
Computers don't do what they're supposed to. I hit the escape button 50 times today - AND I'M STILL AT WORK!
lets make its one
RT : Dear mama, you are appreciated
Hold on Meow >:|
Time for Lavo Brunch
Happy New Year!!
So and I just recorded a segment for this week's Epic Bros, and guess who stopped by? Internet funny man and rad dude !
Good morning loves
thank you:)
goodbyes are so sad. Come visit the U.S. soon
Hard Rock Poker Room today, 2pm $25 buy-in, 7pm win your buy-in to the WSOP, $60 buy-in, 1 rebuy
Me and ; Tell me im beautiful. Chris; You're beautiful. Jamison; And mean it. Chris; *Screamin* You're so beautiful.
hahaha me neither
cough and cold....argggg
RT : Now that Lador Day is over I am wondering how much will gas prices fall????
falling and getting a skinned knee wasn't the fun i was looking for ):
Wait how do you know? Miss NMSU! haha
she inboxed me saying they are! Lmfao. Jealous bitch
the future of the #vikings in MN is in the speaker's hands. I do want it to work out, i'm a fan.
I'm taking issue w/ "For you always have the poor with you…"
The last two minutes have been crazy.
Shake it Up <3
I 100% feel you
lol just tried to bribe my history class with cupcakes. i hope they vote for my team.lol
What?! “: Orcas kill sharks by torpedoing into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.”
I'm straight chillin right now. Okai Haiti
"it's not dead, it's living-challenged." -
Have you NO heart?!?! Its a SAD day in #Yankees Universe!
Color coodinated? I don't think so.
possibly.rt now is a marsh pattern that looks real good, and a lot like the TM wetlands patterns. Do you have a fav camo pattern?
Northwestern University School of Law & Salmon P. Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University (Semi-Finals)
**singing**Oh my love, a thousand kisses are never enough.
I'm at 120 Orchard st. LES. Style about to play w/ Underground Horns. If your in the area come thru its pretty packed. Okai Haiti
Putting together a desk from ikea what a pain in the ass
it's called peripheral vision 
Just ran my 1st 10K, the Nike Human Race, in the rain... In PA, and the leaves are gorgeous! Good day.
Happy Mothers Day!
Love opening night geek movie crowds.
Looking forward to your thoughts on it - it's on my wishlist.
yes, it immediately follows happy hour. And is stocked with awesome.
no worries. I can imagine that its crazy crunch time. Hm...That sounds like a cereal.
omg PTV live chat tomorrow!! I've been waiting forever for this<3
Category 5-e winner is Chicago Bears Network
Ahmed: Hate crimes being committed against Americans who are being confused as Muslim (Hispanics, etc)
Bit with you and was hilarious and so touching. "The other Jimmy" should be ashamed! :-)
The Badgers are more likely to make the sweet sixteen than lose in the first round
Alex Goot makes songs better than the originals by far.❤🎶
as a Dad, can't imagine that moment. (Let alone having 2 sons as MLB starters)
the Yankees win the World Series.
Tweet book or chapter reviews
Another reason to attend the Hospital Food Fight on Apr 22: will emcee with keen wisdom, wit and insight.
Flying to Puerto Rico today! It's been a while since I've been home.
Hi!! Thanks for following us!
Nick my baby I have a trampoline your welcome to use it<3(;
working for the man late tonight...ugh!
Had a scarily realistic dream that the entire world was flooding and everyone knew there would be no way to survive... Uh seize the day?
SO GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND:) WELCOME BACK WE'VE MISSED YOU.
yes, I hugged you but you ignored the ish out of me. WaTeVeR!
Is your other twitter or is a poser?
did they really? i dont keep up w college baseball. at all. hell any baseball beside travs
Data shows that blended learning improves outcomes, but studies can't pinpoint why.
#MariaBamford clips & reading Patsy Cline wikipedia...it's what my husband & I do to keep ourselves entertained in these hard economic times
#RT Don't forget: follow & *mention on twitter for your chance to win 2 KICKASS tees tomorrow!
So sorry to hear of your disappointment! Will share w/our team. Did you resolve w/mgr? If not, please DM w/yr email
you know how people write things on their cap when they graduate? Well on mine I'm going to put "screw you guys... I'm going home."
I'm not competing with that!
Okay! Due to technical difficulties, we're re-airing Chef Brian Landry tonight. We'll have Chef Mark Quitney next week! BUT...
hah tell me your address :P
What a way to end a Friday and the week!
I understand it may also be bad for your health...
Ready for those drivers lisences next year :)
Thanks, we'll be showing more in the coming months too!
Knew Classicist who rarely published but sent articles only to those he knew were interested in his specialty-kind of 1970s social web
Its tough to get away with texting at night. Cops never believe that the inside of my car has a natural blue light.
good luck!
ready for the day, someone lets do something!
I have been deliberately not listening to Merzbow since like 1995
fail. ill do it later
so...text me
lol...did you seriously think I would fall 4 that one. :).
I hear you talking about me . _-_
DWade is the worst player on earth right now... Smdh
You done been good but you could better I done been wet but i could get wetter come and make it rain down on me.
Are you fellas ready for what's heading your way this weekend?
ugh I know I'm still I'm pain haha, but I got Zoom!
I truly believe that compassion provides the basis of human survival. ~14th Dalai Lama
just indexed three terabytes looking for a recording of an asian
Great day at Elmington! Thanks and thanks Nashville.
Checked email, big meeting today has been cancelled. Will replace time set aside w long run!
You're kidding me right?
that's wats up
No matter what I say, I'm not over you. 
no pressure bro
Women on here going overboard with sports talk makes me laugh. Like a high schooler trying to get prom queen votes..desperate for attention!
At least they held the Rox under 20.
New : Saturday Sips. Sat afternoons, join us & our fave wine pros for a few sips. Anything we taste is 15% off! TODAY 2pm-4pm
Come support Epilepsy Awareness by getting a Purple Hair Extention at any one of our locations. Only a $10 Donation
one historical romance author to keep an eye on in 2011/12 is Ellen O'Connell - her western historicals have been fab
Yeah, I can see how that could put a damper on that. Haha. Well, pass it along to your fellow female Blue Jackets fans.
Look over this way.
ha ma bad
Twinkle is actually a SNSD first venture into lesbian gravure.
#Colton Dixon you're amazing<3
So I check the Dbacks game after #Coyotes first period ends....LOL you were right, sir.
..love that tune..and JBTV!
Ugh library fines are piling up and I am still not done with this paper
yeah :/ I just got the simple silver one because I'm in the pool a lot and don't want it to snag on anything :)
LMAO that happened to me on thanksgiving
US economy adds more jobs than forecast in September.The US economy added 103,000 jobs in September,ahead of many economists' expectations
Color me invisible.
Too much focus on cardio, U need full body workouts especially focusing on compound exercises like squats, lunges, etc..
Don't forget to support your Hoyas over break!
Its prom day!!!!
I wonder how long Kevin Rose will stay at Google.
it's about time. Love you : O
Please follow you won't regret it! And follow me for more updates on him. Thanks<3
Does someone have a case of the Monday's?
your a liar frenchy voice
have a safe trip!
lol we will remind and blast it the day it drops! thanks <3
Do you have a Disney Library, Scott?
would like to see Chelsea win on a Torres goal and a Čech shutout...but not likely
deep man.
you serious???? Fuck!!!
I finished the series!!! Let me know when you're done and we can CHAT! I want to know how you feel about it.
do I have to
Terrence and Tiann Moses give their personal testimony.
Super cute!! :)
Treat people as u want to be treated, Karma is only a "bitch" if u are!!---- (Taken From, "Beauty, Brains and Beyond" )
dats wuts up--so r u workin on any projects now cuz i need to start workin on my mixtape-concept n cover is done
No, but that could be changed... re "Are we learning as fast as the world is changing?"
remember when you could watch marchmadness online for free? greedy
I was gonna clean my room until I got high I was gonna get up and find the broom but then I got high My room is still messed up and I knw y
Thanks so much for the follow and for all of your amazing work!
We also are staffing a perm C++ Developer role in Tampa. Got C++? #perm #in #tampa #C++
Bout to head to for tonights show w/firststreetheat! Show starts @ 10ish! Come show us some Cinci non-sense and get down!
Miss thang stay on twitter when she know she needs to be studying. --->
Thanks for your support ! RT: " fantastic performance tonight! What a way to kickoff the next 75 years!"
Be on the lookout for our new Lunatik New Era hats. Hittin the market soon
girl!! sorry u haven't heard from me, haven't had a phone.. it'll be a few more days lol. u went out 2night?(; follow back xoxo
Workin on a collab contest for destorm and hittin up the studio for "forever know". Workin hard and havin fun booya
Love the energy in the classroom after spring break. This is going to be a fun 6 weeks!
V.nice! RT : Oh, now THAT is a great idea ! I adore In home decor?
I did. I'm pretty sure that was rattlesnake.
call me !!
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Gingriches daughter looks like cookie monster
Vittu tätä paskaa my tire blew out on I-405 last evening
I miss the kind of laughing that used to make your face hurt
I'm listening to Super Bass I love it.
": @ SMiRK making clothes"
that i was skinnier and prettier! i hate my life!!! KMN
irenic officially has a new rehearsal space in the southside. big things are a'brewing.
Adults say ''Because I said so'' when they don't have a good reason.
I was so close to calling the front desk and reporting them. Then I looked at them and most of them were overweight. They need it...
Roscon de Reyes! Plain, cream or chocolate. Order yours today $25 (8 pax) or have it here with a cup of Chocolate for $6.50
if you were written in a book, youd be in fine print
You are welcome. Love your site. Glad to know about your services.
yhur amazing...i go 2 school is bellwood...right next 2 maywood...God is goin 2 use yhu in a big way :)...Love & Light
“: good morning..” Great Morning Luv
thanks for the heads up!
Dentist appointment today! Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!
Bright eyes
Ahh... nothing better.
never easy scoring that way, pass on that one
It affects all corporations equally. There's nothing wrong with union members voting. Or you think they shouldn't?
cant believe u wuld shoot at me tho <
So, Yeah...I Have A Twitter Account Now...What's Up Twitter-World?
This weight on her small body, frail shoulders, she is worn. Awake 3 times in one hour to care for her infant father. Love repays its debt.
he asked me why I was looking him in the eyes lmao
#vsa2011 Journey of Bilingual Evaluation Capacity: 3 Institutions Perspectives, I'm ready!
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
saylor678 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Melissa and Maks , they only got 21 but I love them ! Fingers crossed they stay !
The devil be workin on me, I make it so easy for him. God be talkin to me, I pour up a drink and ignore him
i love seein girls kissin girls
Moving far away....not that far :P
well i have no problem wiff that..looks like we have somethin to plan😊😊
Wow!!! Just checkd this twitter acct but I sure hate I missed th
Party Pit are n/a at BOGO drops.
I will probably hate you in the morning.
who wants to bet that in ten years i'll probably have acumulated at least 5 different restraining orders from 5 different celebrities?
Thanks ! Hope you are finding lots of fun family activities and enjoying the app
I'm getting tired of this.
I agree!
Thanks man! Tough to leave such a great group of fans
He's a good egg. RT Happy birthday to the best robot!
ready to Get it in the Orlando Area for recording new work. Hit me on Reverbnation or Twitter. Mic Mich if you know some good labs.
Love you!! Thank you darling :)
PATRIOTS PLAY ON THANKSGIVING THIS YEAR! There is a God
Thanks for including us in your newsletter.
#SoListen is my new favorite song! I get so excited when I hear it. iTS MY JAM! Lol <3
we is not even gonna lie cuz Gucci this is all of are ring tones...but that's the only song by them we really like 😣
Gotta love Thanks to everybody who has pre ordered! 8 days left.
even when ur not flying back from SD It's always 12Noon somewhere :P
right. This is really maybe the worst story I've heard since the ferret ate off all that baby's fingers and toes.
stop taunting
Me and my best friend going to the school halloween party as the Men in Black
legs are tired from standing all day. there go my plans for the gym.
im obsessing over #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! PLEASE RT JUSTIN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
David likes linear algebra!
he is/isn't a celeb but Sam pepper! X
Feeling very lucky to have seen two #TED speakers at the European Social Commerce Summit: &
My hat size would qualify me.
SEXUALITY OF MIDDLE YEARS AND SEXUAL FUNCTION IN THE AGING WOMAN - ...
tell me why i didnt see this earlier....
hey.. I have some songs I want to submit for you guys. Where can I send them?
Hey babe :) How was your day? MarchingBand7Days ♥
oh hey sara
If this was LA, it'd be art RT : crews have started chipping at huge boulder that slipped Tues night, crushed cars, dmgd house.
it’s not about being right. It’s about finding the right answer
-TY for the Rt doll! Pulling and sourcing away here for you!! XOX
Guess again. " if my predictions stay on track i'm betting my money on
Looking for outdoor adventure this weekend? Help clear ivy & holly from Cedar River Watershed. Email for more info.
Oh Happy New Years Eve im fid to get ready and straighten my hair for church tonite love you guys amd be back late at night
FM was one of the best shows we did.
Give your mama some extra love today. Creating life is not easy. Bringing you up was probably harder =).
Last home game :( I'm going to miss bball. Go Aztecs!
i see how u doing me
Gym time!
Responded to FIRE @ 1148 Blake Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 14 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT : Tough tough loss. But head held high as always. Great season. Ended to short for us.
That is pressssh.
keep at it=]
Sami should be with EJ, though another triangle with Lucas along the way would be good.
still annoying if they constantly call.
Bout 2eat some chips and drink some juice den goda sleep
Then we'll have to make sure we share a margarita earlier in the day!
awh man! memories haha and nice man, we don't get down until the end of May
Tear of the posterior rim of the gleniod labrum. Abnormal labral morphology extends to the posterior portion of superior rim #kronum injurys
Everyone's telling their height. Well I'm 6 foot 7 foot 8 foot bunch. Jk I'm 5'11
Like my status if u dont know what lms means
hey, what time do y'all play tonight?
Liked it a lot, the story and the little girl were very powerful as to what someone in her shoes may go thru. #Pariah movie.
I am following!
Let's all have fun and #LightUp the sky...
When your working and someone shits on the floor..
Yay! Great show! ": Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!"
And I kiss it, apparently.
I should have said that I saw , Staind (), and in Belton last night. Great concert!
Good ole forts!
OMG I WON!! I didn't know I don't have a mac but I do have an ipod
One of my close friends is gone in a blink of an eye. RIP Brandon. You will be miss and won't be forgotten. :'(
the incubation chamber
Building relationships to fill your funnel is the wrong intention. Build relationships to help others. SeanLetwat
Colorado 3 - Minnesota 2 after one quarter of play.
you're screwed...
what you watching this on? LOL I'm interested haha
Followed back. 
RT : If you see a spider on Halloween it is said to be the spirit of somone who loves you. No squishy!
yep. all dinner shifts too im pretty sure.
I've reached this sort of wonderful precipice
I am June Kilz!
I like him. but dang.
me too my brotha
it's funny how my year old niece has an obsession with closing doors :D
Lol and ill be the perfect guy right hahaha jk; )
Looks aren't everything
#slbootcamp: I could see us in HR using the iPad to deliver training and onboarding in the field to our sales reps.
35 followers thanks everyone!
Back when boy-girl seating arrangements were the worst punishment ever.
#Itscutewhen she laughs, makes me smile and love her more!!
Marc Johnson, Rachel Croson and Steven Angle chosen for interviews for UNR presidency.
practice makes perfect...this is true for a soldier,footballer,athlete,wrestler,boxer,singer,artist...but not true for you
She really is fascinating & inspiring!! #PeopleIWantToMeet Dr. G the medical examiner on Discovery Health! -- Jasmine Guevara ()
Listen up tweeps!THEY don't want us to protest, let's hold MEETINGS across the country. Effective immediately. Discuss ideas & strategy!
Good morning!!!
RT : Chewing gum can help in making a human brain run efficiently and effectively.
#Tweet2862 Got tired of having my first name in my twitname :P so bye #J0RDAN124 & hello to an old nickname, ;)
KPIs assess if something succeeds or fails. Prefer Key Learning Indicators - measure against behavioral indicators.
Another Fourth of July. Halloween is right around the corner.
#FirePioli kc BBQ is in business at least
Happy birthday Big Poppa!!!!
Hey did you ever find Tasha's jacket?
Hippie roommate has sharp pains in the ovarian area. Making a hospital run for 4th. Woot! Diagnosis ?
A liitle over 100 cappers on today's hoops posted and 40 cappers so far with their SB pks and expect a ton more by kickoff
if u follow me I would be the happiest girl ever on earth
u know whats amazing? when #niallwhipshispenis !
I dunno just not into the whole Kate Upton thing.....I think she is a little trashy
THERE'S ONLINE DATING FOR FARMERS!!!
Brief Candles, Gospel Gossip, Scrimshaw, and Pony Trash- tonight at 9:30 at Cactus!
MOVIN TO TWITTER TOO, WHILE IM IN THE SHITTER FOOL, PRACTICE AT THE GRAMMIES, PISS BY OSCARS TOO, ROSTER FEW, CUZ ITS VOCAL,
Tonight at Coffee Lab Roasters (7 Main St Tarrytown NY) will be the Lagond Performance Show Case at 8pm! $5 Door.
That was the perfect description It’s new for us both, the driving, the fear, the letting go of control, tinyurl.com/3gbxzzf
Photoshoot scheduled for next week, video release coming up, and biz coaching crazy Friday happenings!
damn! I was seeing if you wanted to kick it.
Didn't say it's been wholly anti-Bo. Said he was singled out for things others did 2. From there, of course ppl talk about rule.
true life: i look like jordin sparks
Get it in$$$$$ today.Tweet
how you been man?
A lot to expect considering the near fullness of the moon.
“: I'm going to behave myself for the rest of the school yr 👌” [HAHAHAHAHAHA SURE U R]
Set yourself apart from the rest, only then will you truly be alive.
hey. wanna call me? its 415 .. just kidding.
Love the Nene trade. Shows the organization cares about winning championships and not just fielding a competitive team.
My eyes literally turn to hearts when I see you.
follow my tweets no running... Ever
uh... im a fan of selena but she sucks at singing. she can't hit any notes and always screaches while signing... fuckin dumb -.-
why the FUCK CANT I CHANGE MY PROFILE PITCTURE!!! OMG LOL HELP ME :(
#FF City of #Cleveland accounts:
That would be awesome! Hopefully I'll be here, but the job market being what it is, who knows. Might be worth coming back for...
Great meeting you, too - hope the homework went well!
um really....
Bowling a strike followed by a spare for an entire game is called a Dutch 200.
Work to live, don't live to work.
I'm counting on it I wanna rematch at the #MLScup!!
them niggas givin u trouble? U kno N.S.M will be up there a$ap!! Lol
I promise u'll have fun lol
LOL good luck with that
Goodnight haters!
So excited that my 'Intro to horseback riding for actors' is beginning tmr! 6 weeks of planning coming to fruition!
Omg noo! D: I didn't knew it was due tomorrow!! ill try to do it tomorrow at skool.. Have u??
I'm loving 's Mother's Day Gift Guide! (and not just because of the name-check)
NOW FOLLOWING BACK ?
it's time for some mind numbing reality tv :)
HBO Adapting ‘This American Life’ Segment Into A Series via
i need food. Now. Im dying. Slowly.
It's official I am marrying a polynesian
Thanks! : Happy
I love the warm air blowing through the windows! Ah, winter in LA :-)
one hopes!
The sirens of the Southie sky make me feel all warm and safe
Are you ready?
whenever I see dance on #DWTS I get so happy.
Nico (one of the cats i live with) snores like you wouldn't believe. Sleep catnea is serious business, folks.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
I am the only (actual) girl here ary Aut Bar. Really. Drink please.
Just realised what I like so much about Fringe. A smart gutsy woman lead who isn't trying to be a man. Can we have more of this please?
our other favorites are wevideo, popplet, visual.ly, audiopal, and pen.io - just exploring cowbird -
I received my 2.5 Gig update from last night, right on time!
Hard to tweet this one - from sneezing on dec of independence to Oscars as murder weapons to... So glad we're podcasting!
" RT A temp barrier placed along the hike & bike trail where two joggers were hit. necessary? Make you feel safer?
My mentions are dead! Can someone tweet me?(:
yeah I think so!
good 2 see u 2. sent from my new ultrabook :-)
lol UGH. good thing you have the gay, as you would NEVER pick up any women with those pickup lines! also, I miss you too.
University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown - Tucson Citizen University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Cl
I get to see tomorrow :)
Do you have friends that are interested in acting?! Send them over to our page for more info and get them to "Like" us!!!
See some fish, eat some fish.
Sir Richard lead Matthew Crawley
I can't believe I wasn't already following here, as well as fb. I keep finding new "old" friends on twitter and LI. lol
Blake: "I hate the game 'life'. I always end up with like 40 kids and I can't support them!"
Best one I've ever had (pricey but had gift cert) was at the Four Seasons. Nothing's compared since.
okay, yes please do!
Anyone out there think Sarkozy has any chance of being reelected in France?
Been reading the book "born to run" and reading while injured is a bad idea...I am itching to get back on the trails.For now the book is fab
Home is where I can look ugly and enjoy it.
If played the Harlem Globetrotters, who would #win?
Moderately Old Men Playing Unpopular Music On Reissue Instruments (MOMPUMORI)
sometimes i just wanna scream "SHUT UP"!
Bored ass shit
That's great! Looking forward to connecting with you too!
Going to go cure all my ills by reading Against Method.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.~Buddha
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. - J.K. Rowling
Mothers day is tomorrow!! We still have a few tables available! Call today and make your reservation! 312 226 5550
Camos Brothers Pizza is NOT associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit store in Cary. Camos Brothers is operated by Gus & Richard Camos
Old jams coming up on my ipod.
oh okay ;)
I just got Diablo 2. So hit me up if u wanna play. Skype: fearztechno
i loved #redemption great job guys!!! xo
Lls ! LET GO!
Every time Joe Mauer gets a hit I think the majority of St. Paul gives a little fist pump along with a, "that a boy, Joe"
Sharing a room w/my sister & her friend, also named Stacie Mari(e). I've been up for 3 hrs cuz I thought they were talking to me.
Hopefully donate their time to help out! What do u think?RT : How will retiring babyboomers impact the nonprofits
Man, the rewards are totally why I have to reign myself in on kickstartering ALL the action figures.
bridge street benefit?
SmØrrebrØd-Ham Salad, Crab and Shrimp Salad, Mixed Greens with Toasted Rye, Pickled Beets, Cucumbers, Tomatoes, and Poached Egg
THANKS to my new followers! :)
Stupid little munchkin
lol Def a good pickup. I didn't think he would pick NC.St over y'all. Who starting 5 next year?
SPECIAL SCREENING SERIES at AIRC in Huntington Park, CA JUNE 12TH 2010 This screening series examines water and our relationship with it.
Oh wow, stay tuned for a big update on #RoseontheRoof!!
TM is the reason we will not be seeing The Black Keys this month. :/
Did you catch PSA on #FinnegansWake this morning, by any chance?
Would love to. I'll come find you after the speaker ^ab
i'm not sure what I did, but I successfully fixed my sink. Next up: My screen door that I head-butted.
i LOVE you
#stoked to work with the homie on some
Fashion helps with confidence, but it takes much more
You gotta be important to stunt on my level
anytime!! See ya at school birfday girl!!
The drama at my school is cray
almost time :)
At crybabies Finn get her name tatted on me ......maybe his to
I can't believe I was so close to not bein a true mb fan anymore but a JetSetter....but I wasn't gonna stop....just support less =/
just went to oyster bar with and had a kick ass oyster po boy
Holy crap! That's a good problem to have! 12-31-94
Thanks for the #FF !
we had a funny,and chocolate time *-*
that's what I said cuz tomorrow isn't promised to anyone so why the hell not go..Imma go and post lots of pictures
where u go again
Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on #GossipGirl. Repeat: Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on
Great job Jim Schultz on leading ISPI-FRC in the past year! Welcome Jara Raphaelson to the position of President of ISPI-FRC!
who's your favorite singer?
I don't think she really loves me like she says she does):.
haha hood rats starting to be Sophisticated now a days
Azerin need to step up she ain't on my level her life is truly fucked uhp
Book for the week: Sula by Toni Morrison
umm umm sugar cookie or flowery smelling... I think I'll get you an Angry Birds keychain :)
you got a grilled cheese sandwich
oh the irony
lol who don't I know?
Can't believe it's been 2 years since Michael Jackson died, the music industry will forever mourn him. A solid entertainer, RIP mr jackson
eBay it that's where I got mine
.RT I'm uncomfortable having so many followers, since I have no idea where I'm going.<--- there is no where to go
I diddn't know that having dimples is a birth defect lol
yes i do.
i was proud of my college today when i heard the jurassic park theme song playing in Uhall
YES! It was like amateur night.
Made it safely to La Crosse for the 2012 #MOSES Organic Farming Conference!
Worst thing about /UF story: The blatant, implicit deception. Writer knew there was no link, brought up athletics to shift blame.
Bonus: only 9 of the original cherry blossoms given to the US from Japan in 1912 remain & 2 of them are on the library's lawn!
I think that's a great idea! I'll have to suggest that to a client who wants to test site surveys.
New club in Somerville corners dance fun
What up Reverb? Hope yall have a lovely Xmas and a Happy New Year!!
"We don’t like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out" -Decca Recording Company on rejecting the Beatles, 1962
if u dont stop that lol its to early to be lame
"Frequent fliers" who use emergency services over and over for the same issue under discussion now
Rockin out to unlock your mind.
hey r u on twitter
Thnaks so much for coming out to support our Bucks tonight. Hope your son had fun!
Nice article on exchange students!
no more editing tonight! ;) Sleep cave soon tho! Gotta go to work tomorrow... Minions need me! lolz
Go to Chick-Fil-A. 5 cop cars. Someone has a gun. I JUST WANTED A MILKSHAKE!!
will kill streaks in fight til dawn get you anything like perks?#alan wake
Party at Perla's house 2nite:)
no...just.no
RT : Local philanthropists have enormous untapped power and influence in their communities to be a voice for
nope, not even a portion of the cost :-( But, if this helps my flat feet I guess it's worth it
HA. perfect. once again!
S/O to all my lifetime fitness goers
Everyone please hop off the T _ b _ w band wagon. Can't stand his antics.
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Gucci Mane North Pole #N/p
an u always can tell when somebody touch your shit
not per month!
Yeah, wearing a skimpy dress like that is just asking for... oh, wait.
": I love my background :) " background of what
bahaha, who's your friend?(:
Varian, , and I are all wearing purple sweaters and blue button-down shirts. Coincidence?
Good. I'm planning on Friday. :)
“: They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice." #SoloDolo #MeMyselfAndI” well be up there together!
Stinky cat! I'd leave the door open but your too stupid to leave..
Do you ever wonder who or what now decides U.S. presidential elections? I know it's numbers...
"Ah, pretty hot babe" In Austin's new single, #SaySomethin He's so adorable haha <3 XD
Skype anyone?? Text me?? Something?? Anything? Anything at all? I'm so bored.
and i work for Express! Don't you love awesome discounts cuz we work for awesome retail stores?! :D *high five*
Just burned out the Cuisinart's motor, which is a sure sign that I'm now going to starve.
:o yes yes i am. you are followed by zayn's favorite veggie
In the end, it's music.
Thank you Ian! A pleasure to meet you! I enjoyed yours as well.
all that jazz.
Pls RT: #Twitterstorians! Americanists! Welcome 's to twitter! Follow for seminars, fellowships, & news!
and Reagan raising taxes 15 times and look at the resulting prosperity
I have to agree with on this one. But throw in Ricky the dragon steamboat and Ric Flair and The Million Dollar Man.
no offense but girls defiantly don't mature faster than girls!..
I wish I was... No tickets though. You?
the guy is no longer on this tour. Sux...
Thank you. I've been sewing more lately... it's a great reminder of her. :)
i love ariana grande b/c shes pretty, nice, sweet, and always in a good mood
Wow! What beginning on the first night of Real elephants, real camels and most importantly real, tangible presence of God!
Phone interview for newspaper article about a movie I wrote, acted in and produced. . . CHECK! :)
ugh yes :/ I went the other day and I wanted everything even the guy clothes lmao :'c
"Pretty hot babe" OMG AUSTIN WHO KNEW SOMEONE COULD SAY THOSE WORDS IN SUCH A SEXY WAY.
uummm i dnt think it offends them bt u cn expect any female to take u serious wit ur stuff all out. Dats my opinion
Made it out of the house. Have my keys, phone, wallet, tap shoes and a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies. New York, here I come.
Working on sound system at church
I like the thrill....nothing else is gonna make me feel this real...
You. Said. Forever. What happened to that?
I hate my life. Seriously.
LOL silence is my favorite sound. :D
I'm watching the vow
follow me backk :))
Wishes the new website was live already... Getting closer and closer.
I'll be leaving soon... I hope. The offer is much appreciated though! :)
I just want to throw all of my clothes away and buy a whole new wardrobe... too bad I am a poor student :(
We are IN for Friday of Memorial Day weekend if you are. 5/25. There will be brisket and challah. Let us know!
Raw onions on my sandwich. Yum
“RT : Don't feel like going to school -.-”
Thank you! All we want is for you to love our tea! We hope you enjoy. 1 month w/o coffee shouldn't be a problem ;)
we shall be skyping soon.
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
I agree. It wouldn't be prudent at this juncture.
Denver #Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas on stand now in Perrish Cox trial.
Life Geos On
are you going? Looks pretty bad ass. :-)
Follow Back?
But yes, of course it would need an emormous uniformed EMR system and communication infrastructure. It would be revolutionary.
when are you done with job core?
A Fox News mole, digging in a hole. Digging up my soul. Now going down, excavation. (a collabo with and )
2 new shirts that YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE are now for sale at www.TuesdayTees.com --- Check them out (in your shopping cart)
lol NO I dedicate my love to your sister!!! LEINSA FOREVER <3
Baltimore Co. Council votes 4-3 to table Kamenetz administration bill on overtime/pensions. Unions opposed the legislation
At a quiencenera with my daughter
Ha! Yeah, no directions on that part of the pasty adventure!
In 32 hours I will be heading to Chicago for BPA Nationals! and #twitterless Lexi!
No prob - just let me know.
#DrunkTexting again are you?
that tape is going to have my spirits soo high this week! lol
": Someone come play with my hair."
China Helps S. Sudan Military
Lost mass followers! Ask me if I care ...
Yep me too, but I might just give up tonight.
OMG YOU GOTTA BE ON SEASON THREE! WE LOVE YOU.
Fate always has a different way of circling back around sometimes .....
idnt know if he being honest wit me , he be acting funny : /
W. S.Maughm once wrote a word, then looked it up in the OED to make sure it existed. It gave one citation---Maughm's own.
Giirl I LOVE Your Background.!♥♥♥
Follow Me!
Many mothers lost sons during the war. It split asunder states, towns, and even families. Sometimes brother opposed brother.
What bet do you have to lose to get "Bad bitch" tattooed on you?
The farm at my school just got honey bees!!! Woohoo!!!
So thankful 4 Emerge JV & all that its been n the past. All the lives that were changed-WOW! But even more thankful 4 where God is takin us!
Making correct decisions doesn't = playing safe. Completely disagree.
ew Ashtin did you just fart?
I'm gonna finish my work &&' try getting an A up in this class ^_^
AP: Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs has died.
We had a blast too! RT : Fun day at media day. Great people and great organization. Time to get back to work in Indy.
Carey Mulligan is so amazing in Shame, as she is in everything. What an inspiration!
Working on a new template for the magazine. Trying to keep it light with plenty of white spaces for the massive amount of text.
Katten #white-collar co-chair Whitney Ellerman available to discuss possible #FCPA charges from News Corp. phone-hacking scandal
And no pork rinds!
tweeting live from my bed smh
I LOVE Y'ALL SO MUCCCCHHHH CAN Y'ALL SAY It BACK And can y'all please follow I give so much love for y'all
Yay! Now I only need to catch up on posting and uploading!
Your #smile is one of the first things that people notice about you! Are you happy with what you see in the mirror? www.kravitzdental.com
me too! Sounds fun! Hope you enjoyed :)
#kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Tue, May 15 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
house hunting today with WADDUP!
well rite now it hot ass hell at nitetime.
tickets purchased for delta spirit, Justin townes earle, and nada surf! let's rock and roll, y'all.
Fact #4: Im not 'ticklish'.
I was searching for prince charming but God gave me the Prince of Peace - Debra Roberts
we're at TC's Technology Demo Day in Horace Mann rm 234. Stop by and say hello!
thanks for your time today. Safe travels!
all the messages are missing from the feed on my PC but still showing on iPad.
My weekend was great but now tomorrow is a work day...
Next level thought: Joe Burden - an amalgamation of Joe Budden and Chris Burden
Kazakh men use national flag to collect trash - New York Daily News
Guys like you make girls like me look bad.
I like the "don't go to work" solution! More time to drink the wine.
it's the safe approach
I took the under in Vegas with the #Orioles. I hope I'm wrong.
I think I'm finally figuring twitter out... maybe.
If we don't repent as a nation. We are like Rome in its last days. Moral failure is part of the blame for the demise of that great city...
OMG my mom is a bitch
Just curious on how college athletes can afford all the tats they sport...must have great summer jobs.
hahaha , nice . That tattoo looks too real. When are you washing it off? Hahah , kinda freaky .
The new cover video, right? And is the other one the Sanctuary music video? I was wondering when that was going to be released.
I have to go to the store to buy yogurt & gatorade. Too bad my rarely active lazy gene decided to turn itself on.
haha my bad i wasnt totally with it when i read it. but I'd love to start coming, but it'll have to wait sis graduating tom
I can make you feel better in three little words: It was raining.
What are you doing today for #WorldArthritisDay? We hope visiting u r ; $10 of every massage/facial will be donated 2 AF!
should i be nervous...? RT ooh it's juicy! #industrygossip for the scoop tomorrow night
We have a 10 piece Paramount SP circuit in perfect condition for $13,000. Beautiful condition. Basically looks new.
understandable. i had to leave early because of that. you better be there thursday.
Autozone has the part for half the price, but won't install it. And Toyota West won't install it if we don't buy it from them.
Traped in the closet by rkelly never gets old lmaao
Saturday is vastly approaching people! Let's get ready to party!!!
That awk moment when the car parked next to me and just sits there and stares at me.....
Cool pics Dillon.
Do you love your library's collection development policy? Please share! Working on one for class.
We will continue this in the morning then! bye, my amazing ninja buddy,<3
Follow us? Thx:) -Ashley
thank God for Whoppi! I know we r not perfect. But com'on Joy think before u speak, millions of ppl. Watch u.
come on over!
Would love to participate too but driving baked goods!
I love white people tho !!!
Please remind me why Carlos Gomez starts and Nyjer Morgan does not?
Josh Hamilton's lone goal this season is to be healthy for the Texas Rangers Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton only has one g
yes make the connection. If ur ever in LA hit me up for one of my shows. Cheers!
Harris starting tonight.
so excited, i got an evo and it's lovely!
Thanks for the RT.
"I live in the present. I only remember the past, and anticipate the future." Henry David Thoreau
I hope the second half of the season picks it up a bit. I was starting to get bored!
Is it anyone that knows that this "break" shit dont work
Good morning ! :)
don't be talking shit bum. I'm just a critical thinker that's all
Changing Your Life forever at Dr. Fuhrman’s 2012 Health Getaway
Anyone know what time the senior showcase starts on wednesday?
Thank you!
hi Niall! I just posted a video on YouTube of me singing WMYB! Can you please watch it? My username is kiaralynn1D! Thanks(:
same here
But everytime I turn around you say your not checking for another playboy but everytime I come around you seem so ready for this :p
I can't be bothered that you unfollowed me, you have 60 followers and bad taste 😌
In Florida! Hello Floridians, and of course my new home!
In the heat of a Sunday duel with as my guy #gaptooth Oosthuizen has a 1 shot lead on Dave's guy #fatso Pettersson.
# your really pissing me the fuck off i advise you to mind your fucking business if i where you!
When people tweet about what they're doing or what they're going to do every 5 seconds.. it's like.. bitch, I don't care if you have to pee!
The town
Nothing but what you doin
When I read tweets, I read them in Bob Marbourg's voice
Thanks entire STAND MC for the birthday card! It was full of funny anecdotes.
man it is getting hot outside but #BeastMode never sleeps #runningcures I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Someone needs to get me some mother fucking ranch Doritos. That's all I know.
you two are fiends! After that much coffee my hands would be shaking too much to type!!
well if you have a legal license for a medical reason its the same as having a pill prescribed to you
is about to say #yourfired to my hosting company 0_0
Lol just got instructions to do a 7 slide powerpoint and its do by friday...#Lets go
MEETING ONE DIRECTION ON SATURAY. NNHBGUEHGUEA
tweeting bitches
Someone give me a shoutout?<3 thanks(:
Clippers gonna whoop that ass tonight!! #lobcity ##carons backk!!
Apparently the house is too dirty for us to go anywhere,yet its been dirtier when people came over.ok.
I think its cool as fuck followed me
ill be down this weekend probably bro
⌂ That lacks integrity. I don't believe that past interaction had nothing 2do with Councell staying around when playing awfully.
LOL oh god
Gen. Montgomery has sawed through the barricade only to find another unguarded barricade a few dozen yards away.
I love the cubs and was hoping trammell would have gotten that job when prunella left.
Follow back or #RT for
plus a back up can of dip. Win-win purchase.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
The NEW #ChildSupport portal allows families to access recent payments & payment information for the previous 2 years.
probably, I can't spell!
Good Luck! I hope you get it ; )
Pains of Being Pure at Heart-Come Saturday
#CoStar making more productive in #cre and twitter!“: First time using twitter from the iPad. I like it.”
From the amount of food served at Hogwarts, you'd think they'd have a school full of obese students,
yo bum! Are you performing with "all out boyz" soon?
“: Follow for #sportsbiz logic. #FF” thanks Bob!
I never knew "lowering the volume" was difficult to understand -__-
Vitale picked the Cats as well.
Nice! When are you hitting the road?
I texted him yesterday. No response.
On my way to see at
RT : 35K black millionaires in US. No. 1 store shopped at by black millionaires: SAMMS.
I'm thinking I need to make another trip to one of your shows.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck. -Og Mandino
Mark your calendar for the Friends of the Metuchen Library Annual Meeting Oct 18 7PM Guest Lecturer: Walter Stochel Jr 480 Middlesex
Galloway Marathon Training Kick Off for the Publix Georgia Marathon & other Spring Marathons. Phidippides - Ansley tomorrow 10/15 at 8am.
Attention baseball coaches - looking to make some extra money? PBI is hiring for sales positions today! Contact us for more information a…
Nice thing about Moai is that it's open source. We can fix whatever we need to in order to ship
Rain rain go away come back in 5 minutes after i get too work.
I hope the Mavericks jump haywood in the locker room lol
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow. We appreciate it. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff as well.
Oh yeah, from an actual coconut is okay, but anything in a market is just uncivilized.
the Music division actually made a profit it's the parent company that's bleeding money
Beautiful day, hope my weekend is just as nice.
Give yourself something to work toward - constantly. -Mary Kay Ash
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 254
They've had every odd man rush except what, one? #Yotes have definitely had 2-3 tries that went off stick.
F*** high school hello college
Babysitting my favorite little guy, in bed with a fever :( I hate seeing him sick ...
"so cause you changed your hair, you can't talk now?" hahah co workers are awesome
everyday you should tweet an add forclout advertisers. It'll crush the homeland terrorists at "Media Matters"
I am extremely bored
Hey Chris, keep me in the loop with the pieces you write. Interested. Thanks R
Thanks for the RT!
You evil </3 *runs crying and screams like a lil b*tch*... lol
this some bull shit
When a teacher points out your hickey <
nah, imma play the whole thing! ;)
Strawberry Freeze and a Fruit Cup
New music is on the horizon! #FF "If music be the food of love, play on" Shakespeare
You're welcome. Keep the good stuff coming!
Only time I've been here when there wasn't a huge line. Helps to start dinner at 4pm ;)
No matter how many compliments a person receives , each compliment will make them smile the same way
"We only live, only suspire, consumed by either fire or fire." - T.S. Eliot
Who'd tap Queen La Beefa?
so awkward lol
my friend called dibs on you :P
Finally broke down and bought a #Bunn - I heart coffee!
i'll try not to !
I always knew we were soulmates. This episode pulled my heart in all sorts of different directions.
Hahahahaha it all depends where I'm at man. A lot of dead areas out west here in the mountains.
Are you at the Center for Jewish History? Because a) I work there and b) I'll be there today!
So you were trying to make me LOLOL :) good job :P
HEALTH: Kick the sugar habit.
MISS YOU!! So HAPPY to see your HANDSOME MORNING SMILE this morning!! How are you, WELL I hope?x
Easy. RT : The #Astros might have hit the jackpot with former UConn Huskies OF George Springer, their first-round pick in 2011.
Just put in a big garlicky roast with some cut up root veggies. It'll be delicious at...aw...9:00 pm.
#FF for fun quotes of the day & watch her on #TVD for some damn fine acting. Her work with Water in the finale was inspired.
Running a weak ad on #ThePitch is... well, let's just say it happened.
Fallin for you :D
The primary cause of most recessions is Future Shock. If you or your business need help adapting to constant accelerating change, contact me
Twitter feed isn't full of music news -instead, it's news that tons of people found out "Shawn" name from Boy Meets World's real name. jeez.
Patiently waiting!
Thank you so much for following me! Please check out my Passions by K page on Facebook!! Please help me get more followers!
