SInce when does KFC Classic Catches include Classic Clangers?!?!
Happy mothers day to a wonderful strong mother
just ordered us a new HD, hopefully we can get our systems back online soon!
“: I guess no wants a follow back because no one followed ” I did!!!
ha ha I cant I have stuff to do I will sleep tonight Im off so ha
THANK YOU!!!
see it with me!
A spectacular #MNF game.
I'm sure it would exceed expectations.
10 seconds...... Let the count down begin lol. I don't even like the Lakers, why am I watching this game
Yes! The Rude Mechanical Orchestra joined us today. Likely more as the weekend progresses.
what a day
This is one of the most dramatic #EPL days ever. I'm going to need a drink soon. I don't care if it's not noon yet.
Late Sunday and I have that did I do my homework feeling. hate that but thank you
Can't find me in just one spot
beautiful stuff, folks. i highly recommend:
Mothers of teenagers know why some animals eat their young. LOL
it happened what it had to happen.
#ggj12 strategy: sleep Friday, marathon afterward? marathon until Sat/Sun crash? At the least, one 8 hour shut-eye somewhere in the 48 hrs.
:( thought u were only staying for one drink!
I just beat BrickBreaker!
Minnesota Tile &amp; Stone opened a new flagship studio - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Absolutely. Nice to meet you! Welcome to the profession!
shoutouts to big dawg and for fuckin wit my records. we out here boy
where are u applying for an internship? Thinking Bout NY by Ny chance ?
Baseball playoffs start tonight. Who do you want to win it all?
#youknowyouresouthern when youre more polite than the girl ringing you up in a department store
Today is Pelly Marie's first school dance. Have a great time sweetheart.
Tickets tonight to see the incomparable My 7th time seeing her in concert.
Pain is temporary. It may last a min, or an hr, or a day, or a yr, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place.
University of San Francisco extends scholarship offer to Homestead junior Luke Worthington. DePaul also showing strong interest.
Owens Lake air district on dust-mitigation lawsuit: "The work is nearly complete. Why is LADWP now unwilling to finish the job?"
whoop faded! “: B/Day kickback for my 21st on the 26th, who's down to come threw??!”
if watching Disney movies makes u gay, i am SUPER homo and proud of it.
Had to sleep on the pull out bed on the couch last night. That thing is MAJORLY uncomfortable. I hope we get the aircon fixed today.
We are now offering Green Apple froyo and Caramel froyo side by side! Come get your caramel apple today!
his forgiveness. laaawl
Didn't run on the treadmill today, but did chase a little girl all around the flower aisles of Shopko. That counts, right?
Vernon Davis got his ungrad degree from UMD, but he obviously got his graduate degree from Ball So Hard U.
don't worry, already got my tickets to go.
That's a smart way of articulating the administrative dilemma. I feel the same, often.
Mental note: figure out all the trumpet parts from Miles Davis' 1958 Newport set on guitar.
Give me your hand
I stay stressing, but after today, I'll be done with 3 classes.
Let Us All Do What We Can't Do On Our Own....We Can We Will...WE&NOTme
...and at is BOOKED! can't wait
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxoox
I'm so proud of my play brother, and friends for there success with there reality show:-)
I can't wait to see it! :) it's going to be so cute!
I'm from Fond du Lac... which is where they moved from. *Great* people. I miss them!
Man I Luv ATL things R so cheap....
Hey guys Like us on facebook! www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
It's pretty crazy to consider--my favorite teams, #Dodgers have the best pitcher/position player, Kershaw/Kemp along w/ Rodgers in
follow me back fool (:
oooohhh :) thank you!
thanks for a fun afternoon on the bay.
Boston for the night. :)
Thx for sharing! I transitioned my teens to #Paleo-it's been 6 mo! They are calmer, more athletic, less moody, & more focused!
“there is no such thing as fantasy unrelated to reality” ― Maurice Sendak
yea a really long time...I been good. Crazy tho I was just talkin bout u today.
The foibles of gossiping. “Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid...
Well, , I may literally bring home the bacon.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone. And 4 tomorrow Happy New Years! I hope this yr everyone has an amazin year, may ur hopes/dreams come true :D
totally agree I would even take a shot in the late 1st with Silatolu
I dont really wanna try the dorito taco
When im high i look normal when im sober i look stoned
Thanks for the RT
Paige? Or the other one?
In case you didn't know, the farmers market moved into the It's Bazaar store for the winter, every Saturday in Purcellville.
Back in the USSA
This long ass drive from Seattle is killin me....
I wanna meet and greet you <3
Thanks for a great night!
The Pele! Nice! RT : Hello world, thank you for welcoming me to Twitter. I am very excited to share my life with you. Love, Pelé
So they sing on the singing bee <3 gotta love it
#dhtrial So the day closed with it back to the jury on Monday. The Judge Bixon court drama was fascinating to watch. Status 8-4 & holding!
I'm diving back into 90s #prince — with Whitney gone, I need to reevaluate my appreciation of what's still around.
I don't have any plans. I don't create the plans my wife does. Put me in front of a dog and I'll make sure the dog has a plan for his life..
Laying out. Then going for a run. This is my whole weekend. No complaints ✌
that they do! I seriously love Switzerland
How great to run into you yesterday, in Charlottesville. I'm glad you're doing well at UVa!
#alamw12 #el12ala Anyone looking to share a room at Midwinter? Let me know :)
oh yes. And we have your favorite style of wings. Choose from three choices... Team roots...
I was only off by 9 years.
Oh my fucking adorable.. I want :(
#TeamPisces the creative achiever swimming thru the ocean of life.
"As for the future, your task is not to foresee it, but to enable it." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Check out for news on all things
Good effort #Lobos!
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
I was wondering about that. Thanks!
Thank you for the great resource. Right now, my vote is iPad, but thinking I want the kids to have a full keyboard, too. You?
are you following yet? cause you should:) things are heatin' up as we get ready for the worlds greatest TV show to premiere!!:)
what's its called?
got u!
Hahahahaha! You are awesome.
Don't know about anyone else but I'm using FED-EX everytime!
i would like phil jackson or van gundy, but what about jerry sloan, i think amari would step his game up with a coach like that!
At ihop bout to get mu grub on.
New strings?...yes!....D,Addario XL are a best buy and great sounding with very good "feel" even de-tuned a whole step.I use them..a LOT!
Pray for camryn bracelets back in stock!!! Just adult sizes :) $3 each!!
got me a awesome present today. But I am not allowed to tell anyone on twitter.
Good Morning Wonderful People.. I Hope Your Day Has Been Good And Stays Good.. I LOVE YOU ALL.. And Don't Forget 2 Smile..
Go Rangers!! RT : Great game, suspenseful series. Congrats to on tonight's win. Next up, Jersey.
"Be proud. You are an asset" -Einar Barr for the class of 2012
I added you on Facebook ((:
Night shift too. Good times.
Stop being a pussy man up!
I wish my mom could take me to school .
" would you think I'm crazy if I said you're the one for me.." Be mine.<3 (:
Uh, what? Are you in DC?
Gregg Williams is offering $1000 to whoever finishes off Piqué.
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see me, i love you<3!
I was just playing with my neck skin...I may be a marsupial!
Wow. If that wasn't a heart attack-inducing at-bat... Nice job, Braun!
Tell the good old boys of Nascar to X@#@# off! Time to recognize you are an accomplished driver and need a fair shake.
Trivia Tuesday! Hints: Inventions are a theme for this week and do you know who the Wizard of Menlo Park is? Also, Margarine was...
ha ha well that was my joke! Nice on the abs. Impressed! Don't believe you on the girls.
Searcians never quit. It's our culture and tradition. RT>>>“: Big day in Searcy >>>“ is back."
What's your latest FREE mixtape/ep/album that your listening to? Give me the details to post up. :)
Now taking applications for a professional to shave my legs for me. That is how much I hate doing it.
I thought it was just a metaphor for shallow evaluation
The shade!! The shade of it all at Starbucks now!
Of course
Jaja si I have heard of it and didn't you say you weren't gonna bother me anymore? Haha im guessing your gonna call me tht
yeah, i'm hella lucky. and blessed. soon, man. nobody i know more deserving of it then you bruh.
Hello World
too soon.
I'll be home this weekend for a bridal shower & Friday night is the only time I have free to hang out :)
My coworker was quizzing me on history at work... I failed. But I won in the celeb category :)
agreed he's a great player, needs to carry the ENT this summer when he's back from suspension
i feel you
Another triple double for rondo!
Lookn like shit but not given a single fuck today ;p
Totally against inside smoking. I don't smoke those things and I definitely dont wanna smell like that nastiness. Tank u
So far so good!
This has been a recurring problem! I thought we had solved it and I'm very sorry you weren't able to comment.
#ILikeObamacare because it allows afforable health care & I'm proud my childern one day will grow up in a better health system b/c of Obama
omg nvr mind no sense of humor
i thought we were eloping?
I have to work on my social studies assignment now. YEE......Not
Finally got tired, knocking out in a sec. Detox Diary 2012 will be updated tomorrow.
Tom, thanks for signing up! We appreciate it!
indeed she is :) very well put.
Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace. Amelia Earheart
Customer service is a HUGE opportunity.
My throat hurts like I'm sick smh
This goes for breweries and organizations I do business with.
Follow me back so i can send you a DM. I will look in to your Roku update problem
Jake grew up in front of our eyes. He was cute but he's super sexy now.
Carmello Anthony has been found guilty of perjury
2010- prepare yourself for "the Jedi" / www.benjieross.com
I broke my front screen of my iphone
Yes, the subset of women who don't are referred to as "ladies." The larger set who do are referred to as "philistines."
Gillmer: WA comes across as more progressive bc banned interracial relationships only briefly, but other legal mechanisms were used
I think it's a good thing you're not watching this game.
Shhh everyone is home safe now :P lol
I HEAR ALOT OF RUMORS BUT THEM ARE LIES.
I can be either an observer or a player. If I want to play a life, I have to accept I will get dirty, sweaty, messy. Still, I like playing.
you know your bestfriend loves you when she breaks into your house and steals your credit card to bring you lunch at school(:
Did pretty well this morning. 3rd or 4th overall, 1st or 2nd in my age division. But I don't train for 2nd. Lots of work to do.
I hope these morons riding their quads on the road knows it's illegal to do so. Hope you get arrested. :)
North Carolina, go stand in the corner with Utah and Arizona.
We're never getting to the review part
YES INDIANA! YES! YES! YES!
Hey stat geeks, when is the last time the #Redsox gave up 15 or more runs in a game twice in 1 week?
I don't deal with crazy...
story of my life.
i wish life was like the movies
We told each other we was going to sleep and now we can't sleep....we goofy as hell but
#WakeMeUpWhen People stop sleeping together before they barely know the person
I don't know actually, I've never hosted one. Sounds fun though. :)
it's happened at Ricky's house, BEST thing ever !
Watching idol on DVR. Lisa Marie Presley. Weird.
haha, what time is it with u
Michalko summary - recurring theme was to mix and re-use data and resources; urge social and crowd-sourcing but we lack scale
Who Wants 4 Free Beats?
PREVIEW today of "Rock in Her Pocket" presented by $7 tickets. 4:30pm I would love to see you there!
Another day.....another ___________?
I have faith!! I am going to pick you up right now!!!
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -Marcus Aurelius
And another thing, can Rickie Weeks sit for a fucking day? What harm can it do at this point?
#gopackgo Clay-maker
This girl ugly af and her clothes never fit ...
Hi! Great to see you here on Twitter.
my point is that "push everything to our chosen vendor" is made possible by the D
Did anyone else just feel a rumble like a small earthquake in Arlington? @
Yes it is. ": Its nice to have MWP back"
Downtown LA: the only place u can get your hair straighteners, perfume, color contacts, gold, dvds + homemade papusas all in one place.
call people back?
do you love your mahomies? ♥ I LOVE YOU
An update on the Milwaukee Police officer injured by a hit & run driver: spokeswoman says tips ARE coming in.
Shut up<3
Web has changed quite a bit since I was last into it. I might get back into it...
"The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, "Is there a meaning to music?" My answer would be, 'Yes.' And "Can you state in...
Wed at 10 is perfect. Anywhere by Waterford is great for me. B&N definitely works.
Stop telling me The Rundown is on, MLBN. MASN is on.
Our friend Bill just became a Chum Buddy! He donated $25 today! Thank you Bill!!
done following and done retweeting! :)
love the name! Thanks for the follow.
Last night I actually sang in a Gospel Choir in front of a group of people. It was strange , but exhilarating, to say the least.
The ones on my feed are legit (the pin and the giveaway). Who knows what the spambots do... I report/block them!
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H row 26 : CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF.
My first real upper body workout in 10 weeks!! Man...it feels good to be back! It's going to take a while to get my strength back where...
Thanks for the shoutout!
#DunkinDonuts should be trending.
Thx, everyone for coming out last night.Open for you already. Dbl Punch Drink of day: Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10- 30% Off Sale continues today.
You wrote this moments before I wrote my panic tweet. Panic! Panic!
trust me, you don't have to be forever alone! <3 you got all of us (:
I will succeed!!! Because I can I says!!! Hahaha :)
Does anyone know how I can stream NFL rz to my iPhone? Traveling all day. Have a directv nfl sunday ticket subscription.
There is no security in this life only opportunity. General Douglas MacArthur
Time to snap back to reality.
ha ha The reporter's laughing, pointing at the Tar Heels fans ! #Duke what a game ! Great victory, instant classic.
in elementary school we were supposed to bring in a photo of our hero and I brought my Bon Jovi poster, mostly to be an asshole
“: JUNIORS!!: is having a party tomorrow night and al of you better be there! #weneedtobond !😁😜✌” AGREED!!
#chiefs get #poe saw that as soon as they traded
seriously I love your car
As I watched the ice skaters, I noticed @ 10%, at any time, were on their butt. Wonder how many had cell phones in their back pockets?
One more mention of by another speaker! This guy must be amazing!
Follow on google plus at OfficialMindlessBehavior143
As always, it was lovely seeing the indescribable and eloquent ; he only exhausts me un poco. But, looks great in everything.
Authors print a copy of goals that can be seen every day and DO THEM MY FRIEND! There now you have your accountability for the day.
. doing a great job pointing out what a soulless, gutless, cowardly prick is.
ooh! Need to give this one some thought
#NowPlaying Night Ripper.
32 Inch HDTV. SOLD for $.10! Visit Bidfather for WAY below retail price products.
Digging in to the coding phase of the captiv8 website. Things are getting exciting!
Always under promise and over deliver.
Awww thanks, my staff might have a different opinion ha ha
Brown has to make a better effort there. He made that pick look way too easy
Does your therapist like getting paid? This could foot the bill. Sheesh, your therapist should consider the big picture here.
Yay! Can't wait to meet little Benjamin Paul! Congrats to Toni and Andy on their new bundle of joy :) (PS- I LOVE his name!)
Shout out to !
I weight myself every day and have been doing it for years now.
the guy on the goldrush show looks like dane cook.
looking forward to tomorrow!
#Romney the #bully on video: we are going to stuff capitalism down Obama's throat. And now we know he has that in him.
She a model chick,I wanna model chick
um yea! lol its only right! judging by yo pics!
Photo shoot next week.... Shena Renee coming soon :)
i will, tomorrow. Night
Is it true that csi Miami has been cancelled? Say it ain't so!
Did not support him. But Bell that just rang signified the end of the GOP Primaries. The page has turned. It is time to learn some new songs
no...they need an athletic big man to play defense. A 2 that can shoot...& then bosh & bron will kill!
Shit! I'm up, emjoying the coffee and converstaion and it's already done. Crap #uppers Crap!
Consumer & Residential Mort. Lending is in full force! So many breakouts to choose from this morning:TDRs, Student Loans & Compliance.
“: Don't get it: Stern agrees flopping is an issue, but charges Vogel 15 K for bringing it up. Okey doke.”
ok so what we doing?
make us proud!
hey, there's some sort of fire...
lucky. lol. None. My friend has 4 brothers. xd And they're all sexy af. haha
HILARIOUS- Ellen's Favorite Hidden Camera Pranks!
i followed him :)
Doc Rivers has gonee back to Ryan Hollins in the last 3 minutes of a close playoff game. No, I'm not kidding.
I have researched 7 ancient cultures that encoded movement in their ancient animations. China and Peru are coming soon.
Nice Mothers Day dinner of baked chicken with potato salad and soft dinner rolls. Now to rest a bit before going to work
If not, you wouldn't be doing your job!
like a fucking viking!
Emma, thanks for the AWESOME mention in your write-up! You should have come up after the talks! :)
I just can't believe a city as broke and challenged as Milwaukee is going to piss away $100M+ on a 2 mile street car. INSANE!!
Tom from the wanted said she's a total bitch. ahaaha. Now every time I see her I just notice how bitchy she comes off.
lol got jokes huh?
game on.
Glad you're reading LITP and loving it! Thanks for the feedback and for spreading the word! Blessings.
Tri-City could've used out on the ice in their loss to the tonight! "Put the foil on!"
Have a Happy & Prosperous New Year!
slow practice! What a luxury! Aiming for total perfection! Not one note sounds quite right! But love trying to to get there!
I can officially report the game is at 7:05 CT. #gladIcouldhelp “:
dang dude, shoe game getting kinda crazy lol
I'm gonna be mad if it doesn't snow today
We have icicles hanging from our noses 'cause the seats are so high up, but it matters not.
we will have to keep this friendship and see hahaa
#UNDEAD REVOLUTION IS COMING OUT IN SUMMER!
#3WordsForYou I Miss Us 😔
Thanks for the retweeting and so-forth. Much appreciated.
Lovely weather. #summertimeChi is almost here!
"iGotta Chick That Loves Me."
It's duplication not authentic. He opposes God and wants to be like God therefore giving out false hope
Great game
Morgan Freeman is God. still. yup. ok.
Back Pocket Memory is a Rock band from Burbank, CA and they will be Blogging 17 May – 17 June 2011 for TRR... Be sure to check it out!
thats awesome good smelling hair buddy (:
the sweetness lit up at swan dive UNKNOWN_ERROR
Aww that's not good! :( I'm sorry!
Lets get this weekend started.
it's scary that a muni fire is a plausible excuse
game day
World War Z? Confederacy of Dunces? A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius? The Road? Breakfast of Champions?
Going the the presentation doc. holy crap. this is really looking good! yay!
you're so wonderful! <3 just added on facebook :)
ATTN: Occupiers disassociating your selves from the homeless, you are all fucking hypocrites.
Dude, humans aren't supposed to go see vets!
v_v looks like no one wanna talk . . . #rusheroff :L
If you don't have to waste energy killing penalties, you can exert it on different things," said Flyers captain
Very classy memorial service for Jr Seau by the #Chargers. #55 will never be worn again. Dean Spanos just made it official.
I have 8 classes smarty :p
what you said.
high stranger lol. keep doing ya thing i'm lovin it
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
Thanks ladies! Pageant girls DO rock!
about time arrogance and false power are brought down. Paterno should personally apologize to each victim and his family.
it's been a day.
I was just cracking up over you tweeting about some woman's chest haha. Love Ben Bailey. Best Cash Can host fershure.
The Last Emperor (China) must have been 6 or 7 when his wet nurse was dragged away. Any next children for these moms? Ha!
So many of my child hood friends past I can't even cry any more
Hi Tracey. Sending you a song - Well Done by Deitrick Haddon. Hope you can listen soon. Claim today, it is yours.
Laying in bed & I can hear the rain hella raining hard outside .smh
It is very KOHLd outside
I think less of it being a "technology issue" but rather how the doc perceives the ePatient's own research
another 5 week session beginning this Wednesday at Dixie. Some spots still available. Sign up through Marinwood Recreation Department.
So freaking cold!
found a pair of those in my car. Are they yours?
what are you and my parents going to see
Thomas Lux: The Reader was very patient with me. I had no idea how to write non-fiction.
if u have not done so yet u can be consumed by the data. Every athlete tells u something different. We just have to listen.
did u hear about peters relationship
I have over 900 songs on my iPod and genius can't find 25 songs that are some what similar to create a playlist?!
Charger fans don't know a thing about Ingram, until today. #desperation!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Its Always Something ..
RT only or can win for now. they'll decide which or you gets SportsNation's FIFA once they win...good luck!
it just seems a little unnessarrry to me...
How can your heart break and be so full at the same time? Love you, friends.
correct. The ability to control emotions is innate, science is learned; therefore fallible. Emotions are easily understood.
seem true. So please enjoy your life because you with regret it if you don't. I'm pretty sure everyone knows how it feels to be at a.....
Once we wrapped today its back to my film Rain Dance, a Sketch Comedy Pilot and another short film.
Thanks for Liking me, Maxi.
I am thinking rain!!
Most predictable headline in E-N this am: "Lots of rain, but it's still a drought." It. Never. Ends.
Your Monday is my Saturday.
Thunderbirds are scheduled to fly at 2pm today. 28 min to find a view of the lake.
For you--a moment, for us--unending gratitude: tell your friends about our fantasy indie flick! Retweet indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
At home with my mama for the summer. Ahh. What a breath of fresh air I get now that Im off campus! Wont be staying during my senior year!
Can't wait to go see Selena Gomez & the scene it is going to be awesome and I am going to the fair can't wait can't wait peace out
Never allow someone unimportant to rob you of pursuing something important <3
This is stuidddd.
watching One Tree Hill <3
Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you have a specific question.
Aw, really? MT Burt Reynolds' glib schtick in check for 74's still-entertaining #TheLongestYard, though it's not aging well.
what you think about Hook Mitchell?
Well I sincerely apologize if I have offended you
As we let our life shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same, as we are liberated from our own fear.
that suxs! for me today is a holiday, no skool for me....
lol ur gay u stud thats why u always at my old shorties crib
check check and check!
You is my girl.
Good luck!!
#IThankGod for his grace and mercy because I don't deserve any of it.
what's good, tweeters! so beautiful today! yard work done and showered up; ready to get out and about!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you look good in my jersey
Yes. Please like and retweet everything that makes you angry.
# astdnefl chapter meeting - Organizational Resolutions: Determining Needs in 2012.
Someone punch me in the face. It'd be better than being this bored.
Sitting in the kitchen tlkn to Aileen & she said sumin, I'm like say what. Dj like what. Lol, now he keep saying what.
Good to know. :) RT : i speak on authority here. has no boyish charms. he is ALL BEAST.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. - William James
Tonight should be fun rope swing tomorrow with my sister and the crew then cometary and camping out yeah this weekend should be good
Oh, crap. Posterous has been Oracled by Twitter.
Woohoo!! Me too sweetness!! We will have way too much fun!!
Thank you so much! That comment made my day. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you!
When you read other peoples tweets there all like: @@@@, #####. Do their tweets make any sense what's so ever to anyone.
I hate missing work for stupid reasons!!! It only results in 12 hour work days the rest of the week. Blah.
; I need a good name for a #designcompany #suggestions ?
Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do...
a bird did the same thing to me last week. My mirror broke but the bird lost the battle
“: Like I said, Texans not there to win.” that's okay with us!!!
i am so happy 4 you
Big Bill congratulates Kelsey Grammer on his Golden Globe for #Boss! I taught the man everything he knows about being Mayor of Chicago!
I know you're just being humble when you say you pitched like crap. Great stuff from you this road trip!
Dear girls, don't smoke cigarettes. That shit is REALLY unattractive.
Juice gets the wink face lol
If wants to hit a girl something is seriously wrong in his brain. What is wrong with our society?
My sleeping hours are fckkkkked up.
I heard he died in his sleep.
Need to find a new book to read, life seems so boring when I'm not
Remove your acoustic ceiling texture,get FREE crown moulding find out more at www.mrdspainting.com "We Love to Paint" and we do so much more
OMG help my face is burning from this facial....at least i know its working
Why stop at 23? "Nebraska Learns 2.0" now an on-going program for staff, with one new technology highlighted each week
yet another reason to use mass transit.
proud of you!! Congrats!!
Sweet Child O Mine
Looking forward to it!
I like being in a long relationship not something short and simple
Dawg, I hope u get ur money's worth cuz it don't look good
Thank you for the mentions - I really appreciate it!
we should all tweet the REAL Eva Longoria and confuse her.. Lolol
Anxiously awaiting tomorrow's #americanidol results show to see if made it to the next round!
Why I'm up so early I don't know...
I did not expect to have a day like this anytime soon... :( RIP Hennessey. You were such an awesome horse.
How are you?
RT : "O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusts in Him." Psalm 34:8
It's layered, but the longest strands just come to my hips. Probably 2.5 or 3 feet there depending on where I measure.
Good! Encourage to tweet more & he will! RT : even sent me a couple of messages. Added bonus!
Perception is reality. Make the most of it! ;) cc:
the Knicks failed to bring down the evil empire Hopefully the Pacers will be more successful
#GeatestAlbumOfAllTime all-american rejects kids in the street
RT : "The most interesting thing we’ve discovered is the gap between people’s intentions and their actual behaviors" http:/...
Eh, I just see code snippets sometimes (WP StackExchange, other places) that look like things I've shared in the past :)
mighty > taco bell. Cmon man get your act together.
Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0-of-9 from the field after nine minutes of action.
I love this so much<3
Two Years Ago You INSPIRED Me to Be A Better Dancer & You Still Do To This Day! Happy Birthday! & I Hope You Had A GREAT One!<3
that's right man! And I'm looking forward to playing to all of them this summer!
Can you help us hit our year-end goal of having a couple thousand more followers?
Two fantasy drafts over the weekend. Never feel prepared enough for those. Two more drafts this week. Who wants to watch opening day Wed?
PENN STATE!!!
Been listening to some great Chris Cavanaugh songs the past couple of days. Excited to be pitching them!
Sometimes I think too much.
thank you for the kind words miss
Just saw Bartolo Colon take the hill for the #Dodgers. Oh wait, that's Aaron Harang... sorry Dodger Fan :-)
I really wish heartland crossing didn't smell like rotting fish carcass.
i put up my 1d poster
Seven more days for Harry Potter and The Deatly Hollows Part 2
I watched rapelling for 'Over the Edge’ in FTW. The only reporter to do their story from the side of the bldg. Nice scoop!
#shawfacts Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 252
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. ~ Thomas Jefferson
yes! david yurman lookalike?
Hope the #Packers grab this guy!
Hhaahha :{) agree with that!
Greetings tweeter peoples of the Earth!...Here's to my first tweet ever! Woo hoo! And here's to worldpeace (not the NBA player)...
now following & hiring LA Co. Community Coordinators to work with TOP high school exchg program. Pls REFER & RT.
don't judge me if I start crying for no reason.
that's why I said usually. Certainly not across the board.
One night only
That new shit is dope. "Life's a trip when you want these things." Makes me way too excited for
Old school, and proud of it.
Night off in Chicago..first stop..GINO'S EAST
I can forget my very existence in a deep kiss of you.
After an error on the Rays, Tolleson hit becomes a triple & bring the up 2-1
why am i so excited for vball tryouts IDK #7days!!!!
Cookie time!!!
Way too early to switch off lads. Too much time left and now the OT crowd will be nervous again. I know I am.
Day Of Silence<3
Thank you #slnsolsummit for Webcasting your sessions! Great opportunity for learning.
I like songs in the "novelty" genre, provided they are instrumental.
: So many changes in the NBA..... I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.... I think ima have to go wit the Chicago Bulls!!
Put a picture up already, Get it together, Meyer. Welcome to 2012. Love you.
Just added a new Facebook Shop to this page. Now you NEVER have to leave FB! New House MD, The Office, and Community graphics coming soon.
#aaa2010 actually rallying for 8AM panel is proof of my commitment to anthro. NOT a morning person. Nap later.
Riding the #Coaster from Oceanside to downtown SD for federal jury duty today.
“: Thanks for Sharing Susan! Great seeing you here on tweeter!” I love the Bloom box :-)
you can purchase them through me and I will add you to the guest list :)
They never really want u till u want sumbody else
#diablo3 is overall a disappointing experience. Game is highly polished, but feels outdated.
That's a long way from Portland, but a nice 2 day trip from Sacramento. We wish we could #getoutandzip to Napa!
Where is the off switch?
Deady Middle school Marching Band-Houston Directed By Galen Malone Joins The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston. Call Us @ 713-953-1633
The onset of rain in Boise almost spoiled my bbq plans for the evening. Then I remembered Im no quitter.
Painting the hours away. Better than watching tv. Word. Time to watch some tv tho.
Second Mile Leadership.
the theme song just popped in my head...WILD OUT NOW WILD OUT NOW. Although there was this one chick on there super hot
Why is it that a child's death amounts to a tragedy, but the death of millions is merely a statistic?
If you're a #NASCAR fan, you gotta get to #ACCEL12 ... Great event!
This application is gonna be the death of me
Someone else was broadcasting from the Sport cemetary : you are technically not in Southport.
I went from happy to sad to happy again in four hours. The affect 1D has on me.. oh lord.
...Which would be redistrib'ing to another private party. Other ppl use public goods that an individual's taxes paid for
im down if its for sure.
Yes, i even unfollowed you, then followed you again. Twitter is stupid
Pizza, wine, cookies, laughs. Fuckin' A, man. Fuckin' A.
Cause that's what Lafayette needs....
bus time moved to 930 games got pushed back to 1 and 330
I love coffee in the morning!
yeah, forced advert for sure. Would love to know the media plan rationale for that...hopefully, it was added value.
Yep! RT : this look amazing!!!
I love and live for God. It's religion and its followers I can't stand.
police; anything you say can and will be held against you. me; channing tatum. (;
Snack. Popcorn
Wow this guy Meta got me rollin LMAO!! That's a crazy ugly dude mane!!!
But me without my platforms ...not happening. From my cold dead hands :)
hahaha infusing cheer with pop culture, that I am (;
RT Going thru my iPhone full of girls that I bone , bunch of niggas I fuck with couple niggas that I don't
Finna Get Ready 2 Just So I Can Have It For Later
this is seriously #outsatanding! Thank you. Thanks a lot!
Hahaha! Life must be good in #rochmn tonight ;)
obviously we must clone you...or just get you some serious assistance [more volunteers, federal scanning commission, etc]
Been having a down day, just opened my blinds - Wowzers
Preparing two papers this week, due May 3, for the Automatic Data Mining for Social Networks conference. Pres. cabinets are the test data.
"She said I don't care if you're 80, you'll always be my baby"
#thatcampva12 like it.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the Japan earthquake.
Love me like I love you.
i aint been on twitter in a min.
G's Lounge tonite! 11601 FM 2759 Richmond Tx.
Fuck jobs. Except blow jobs.
Ima bout to lay down im tired
Illegal defense? Never heard of it
Last minute reservations? Give us a call!
We're troubleshooting some issues with our API consoles, so if they're not working for you, please stand by.
A reminder about the flyer they sent you! RT : Boy, I wish my alma mater would email me begging for money some time.
tweeting and..thats all lol you?
Party all night long
YES - so how bad are the Steelers?
a shade warm in LA today.
We wish Elizabeth Edwards very smooth sailing!
It's my daughter's, , 19th birthday today! Happy birthday Babygirl!!
According to a Watson Wyatt survey, 63% of co's that cut exec pay or instituted salary freeze won't re-adjust exec salaries over next 6 mths
omg don't talk of these things
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! Please let us know if we can help your School's save on laptop batteries!
my honey bear :) hahahaa. Kisses to you!
Maturity doesn't come with age; it comes with acceptance of responsibility.
Ppl should worry about themselves
come over guys
Re-arranged the storage today.
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne They will become a refreshing thought...Just thinking about them brings a smile to your face.
Stand your ground laws were written for white people. All others must cede their ground.
We're working on that too. Stay tuned.
Sorry, your life story just doesn't appeal to me.
Attending #NAIOP Night of the Stars tonite at Bellevue Hyatt - tuxedo time!
Good night tweeps. Stay positive...even though it's hard <3
I`m going to open a store next to Forever 21 and call it Finally 22.
I go whenever one of my friends update their fb profile to the timeline format. Yes...Chris Brown is a verb
I'm not trying to antagonize obviously. You are much more knowledgeable than me. I hate seeing children suffer in any way.
hi lacey, happy wednesday to you
I hate anyone who calls something a webinar. :-p
cause i have no interest in that shit! Lol
enjoy my brother :) everyone else gets to listen in a week ^_^
Cookout is 4 days away!!! Do you have your tickets yet?? W.Heartlandcookout.org benefitting our brave men&women in uniform
It was nice seeing tonight doing better than ever :) I missed him :} *
I'm also in Kentucky -- warm today, but going to change; time to find someone for hot sex...
I'm excited to see!
I'm the girl with the yellow hair.
Bourbon Carrot Cakes for Easter?!?! Yes I think so! Get your orders in :-)
Walk-in store is open to the public Thur-Fri-Sat from 9am-5pm. Online store 24/7. Online and phone Customer Service Tue-Sat 9-5.
do u like the over138?
Stupid corporate America and your ads!
Just joined this twitter thing. Lets see what happens. lol
i have a slant about the loan modification co's clsing in LV that increased unnecessary foreclosures. call me 503-869-2688
I'm so torn about this.I hat the civil liberties violation as much as I hate the stupid 420 gathering.
I'm celebrating the Irish today by wearing a green blanket on my couch and pretending that the floor is hot lava.
especially after he won a super bowl with them! damn man
“: The worst thing is holding on to someone who doesn't want to be held on to.”
The #Bucks look sharp tonight.
I wanna break my jaw so people think that it's cool that I can still rap.
one time when I woke up I could feel him get up off the edge of the bed and walk down the hallway. No joke!
What happened you neve notice me anymore :'(((
For Elrod ES? Is the crossing guard typically a police officer or a volunteer?
Just got back from wine tasting at Slate Run Vineyards in Ohio, 15 or so miles outside Columbus
oops sorry!
I agree I don't always agree with you,but I think Its awsome that u stand by what you say. And your dog Rocks!
So awesome to be part of the Profiles Former Intern Club!! Who is the president??
Damn, I didn't realize having a jackhammer and sledgehammer going 10ft away for an entire day would cause me to have a headache today...hm
Im a ranch chicken and rice wrap and a Blue Moon Pale Ale.
Huge, huge hold.
I-5 SB from the Marquam Bridge to Wilsonville continues to get slower as the left lane is now blocked just past Norwood due to an accident
thanks! #Wish is a classic! spread the word on best prices around =)
U think a player ever been on the court like Damn I gotta take a shit?
I just left. Heading to work. Life.
OMG OMG OMG
yup...I'm a boring #21 year old.
please follow me you guys are so talented and I love your videos!
#artpolitics the present as a space of survival that is dedramatized
Time to pull these tricks out my sleeve.. lol watch me work!
Seattle peeps: Kirkland area restaurant suggestions?
Thanks Kate!!!
"Day of Giving" starts at midnight tonight! Each gift will be partially matched - making your gift to RIF Pittsburgh go even further!
Good luck today to (& ) & other draftees at the 2012 WNBA Draft. Tuning in & cheering you on!
I'm in the Masters of Ed program. Student teaching at Glencoe H.S. and coaching the freshman baseball team too
hey dude what ya'll up to man? we should hang out sometime when ya'll aren't bein totally awesome rockstars and shit
Have you heard whether the athletic department is making any plans for a Selection Sunday gathering?
Sounds like great material for lyrics to a song...
I'll be there with hell's bells on. And by that I mean my bike helmet.
We have built out education systems on model of fast food-standardized. Both are depriving
Since we're on the subject, didn't Arnold wear one in Eraser that was a gift from Stallone? I may be wrong
Another dank day in Las Vegas
Keeping our voices in shape, fans have offseason too. Usf mbb game was fun, but we need some soccer!
#quote Trade time for hard work, #money, or UR dignity & UR selling out UR life purpose. Find UR passion and live it.
#iQuote "Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." ~Og Mandino
a vulgar term for vagina
Three more #SecretService members ousted. Needs of their dicks took precedent over that of POTUS. Fitting punishment? Chastity belts.
My god, I'm melting!
Oh the people you see at Walmart..
Get at me at Mz_DamgoodDede n I will follower bck:-)
I'm trying to have a conversation.
Miami-Dade Community Relations Board hosts Youth Speak Out re Trayvon Martin Tomorrow 6-9pm @ Miami Carol City High. Call 305-375-5730.
“: Dinner with POTUS! Wow!” Showoff! Well, I got buzzed by Marine One going by my house today…
I'm going to be visiting Sioux Falls in a few weeks...looking to talk to some boutiques about attagirl...any suggestions?
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage. The coward despairs.
The AC is on.. because the "Heat is On".. great song! don't you think ?! :) Wake up with fun on the !
What old movie deserves to be re-made?
I want to say Israel
Happy Mother's Day to all the cool mom's out there. Buy her something nice & spoil the fuck out of her if possible.
haha i will for sure :)
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say & can't, the other half has nothing to say & keeps saying it.
a bit of a warning to my fam...there wont be leftovers for tomorrow morning so u better eat wat u can or else I'M going to eat EVERYTHING :P
Happy New Year to all! What is your number one career resolution this year?
SKorean retailers halt sales of US beef
I hope his jaw is broken
Most banks are decreasing loan portfolios. We're increasing it. That's because we have one of the safest balance sheets
Beautiful patio weather today. Sandy is excited, so all glasses of non-reserve wines are only $2.50 today.
lol yea enough to get that Stuart scott eye open
Do you feel the suspense? Big meeting today & tomorrow to decide Silver Gavel Award winners. Winners announced Monday!
Have a great Sunday!!!
US urges Iran to free Bahai leaders
Well, I don't try to hide it really, I suppose. But yes, I did assume you were a minority. :)
Girls be hating too much now a days.
after a move & some renos our friends are about to open a brand new shop tomorrow in Darby Street, Newcastle. Come check it out!!
Car Detailing Services Buff Up Their Web Presence on LocalHood.ca - PR Web (press release)
Aww, thanks lady!
In the 90s here! Hot!!!
They are just going to see him work out. No ink dried yet.
Ha Ha this will be fun lets see how many do it LIKE THIS STATUS!!
Ah... Gotcha. Yeah. I was a huge Diablo II fan.
Driving home after a night a boozing is hard enough. Throw in a herd of deer crossing the road..... DUI waiting to happen.
: Okay Mr. lol so you gotta facecook?
Atlanta on wednesdayy A town I see ya !
have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
has to take a break from his Daemon once in a while!
Off to school. (: Its been a while. Do you ever miss school?
The Right Side of Your Brain, Acts of Kindness, and The Power of a Story - Forbes
So my nephew read me down
RT : I'm on a brunch cruise, food by Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodriguez, Montecristo White cigars by Altadis USA.
hey sweetie what's wrong? *hug* your day is going to get better!! :) anything I can do to help?
xD depends what are you about to do?
Look at your emails to see when he followed you!
Yay Jersey Shore Today !! =)
The NHLI ALL IN program select 22 Fellows annually, and now it is time for them to celebrate their graduation number 25 with NHLI this...
On the Hill to help host a Congressional #cybersecurity event with #microsoft and other high-tech companies.
I was looking at motorcycles. The Triumph T-100. What model were you looking at again?
Cam newton>RG3
Nice blog! :)
Follow the Promo Cast of
Sounds interesting, depending on panel. Though based on hashtag, my first thought was that ALA12 was the fandom.
There are coming BACK! GO2 BRAS on ! Tune in Fri 6-9aET & Sat 8-10aET! and will be on the show and .com!...
The last three elections in WI prove millions of outside $$ and resources doesn't sway voters' support for and fiscal sanity!
First step towards justice for Trayvon!
mgmt is main problem, but Live! developments don't work when you have a better alternative 5 minutes away (Country Club Plaza)
Frank Robinson calls Earl Weaver best manager he ever played for.
use blankets
omg u guys look so different from icarly older omg
#QueueBarLounge tonight 9pm-5am where ladies gather b4 going to the club
Just added #JohnStarks basketball great to our Legends #fantasyfootball league..welcome aboard
probably the largest crowd I've ever performed for outdoors... and in #bogotá. doing the show again everyday for the next 3 days. qué rico!
Just seeing if anyone was paying attention!
The competition for DMOs is guidebooks, Web sites, blogs, & other info sources independent of travel industry & its marketing.
broken link
It's funny how everyone on twitter say they got the latest clothing or shoes.But see them on the street it's another story😂😂😂
If you're bored with Sodoku, may I suggest downloading MathDoku (aka KenKen)?
Today, I wore my moccasins to work and now it is snowing.
i love you guys!! TRUE STORY!!
he didn't & it's bc of how poorly we were treated there. offered to play both in Indy but IU too afraid.
Really hoping the #WestMemphis3 will finally be set free.
me nah!! I wouldn't do that :) I'm just always in a gr8 mood and positive and love to spread the LOVE!!
They don't make these cords in boot cut anymore!
Happy V day ": Happy Valentine's Day "
I was born ready!!...lol I need another new project 2work on anyway!
On Fri, I was by myself at a concert at a bar drinking Shirley Temples. THAT was awkward.
okay thanks
Floyd doesn't have the power to KO Cotto. Remember this is the same guy who got his face beat in with plaster filled gloves.
Locust point festival today! 11-7
Seriously you cut out saying "shit" in the lyrics of Payphone?
Lol man all these damn receipts. I ain't no rich niggas I stay on my two step you niggas lie. That's 100z living with to momma ain't ballin
I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs
The Kindle Fire looks intriguing. May have to seriously consider getting one.
Just finally set up my mobile for twitter.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
I'm being reminded why I do not like end of the day appointments.
Thanks for the great presentation and to for putting on the event this morning!
RT If You Love The Way God Made You
“: There's nothing like a warm summer night.. #LakeLife” Agree
If something happens it means goodbye to this reality! Ah
Love what jeopardy did with the "thats what she said" category.
Juss made a tweete, all new to this its kinda confusing
History beckons the Macho Man.
If you love me you will obey my commandments #mkBiblechat Also are we salt, light etc
Its cuz im a real nice person (:
And Green scores his first points for MSU. 29-24
With many families today, home care is the preferred option for their aging loved ones to a nursing home or an assisted living facility
Founders: If you could have 1 hour with anyone to pick their brain about your startup, who would it be? Reply with your answers.
Siguele con ganas! Rosetta Stone is amazing, you'll be speaking spanish in no time :)
Anyone want to play Xbox live wiff me?:}
Take it from someone who actually went to UW-Madison, Kane's antics are like a 4 compared to what guys do EVERY SINGLE NIGHT THERE.
Duke vs Carolina tonight def the best rivals in college hoops!
Thanks for the interaction though!
Half way done with Finals week... Just get me to One-Acts. :) Can't wait to work on one character at a time.
'But Oz never did give nothing to the Tin Man/That he didn't, didn't already have.'
"No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders- if they see themselves as having no choice but to build pyramids."
And a few more: #NiceToMeetYou!
thanks for the multiple hugs and being so awesome tonight!
: may I have one? congrats for TC win!
How exciting! How are you feeling? Hubby just started building us a house. He looks good in his hard hat and work boots!
the Haven's garden has an apiary: sweet like honey!
Both my ears are clogged smfh.
Thank you So much!
Home! Much needed puppy playtime & game night :)
definitely would
It's a sad day, cma fest is over! Back to work bo :( tix go on sale july 30th for cma fest 2012!! Set for June 7-10 2012!!
Got it. Thanks!
Fab cocktails and best garlicy popcorn w/ and Holiday cheer!
super sick
assuming that's a Good thing
Those priceless moments are thee ones that matter..
Last chance to reserve a table for our wine dinner on August 1. Reservations need to be in by 2 pm today!
He's real. You should see his parents...
we would like to thank and for all their support! you two hashed like 10,000 times! :) and thanks 2 everyone else!
is "my vagina" on that list?
I miss you too!
We're always recruiting sexy divas jus dm
Good morning come try our beignets & coffee $3 free side with any sandwich today only!!!
- tell the to start wearing their white jerseys at home. They never lose in those jerseys and they look better.
Nah, he's a brotha tho...and I know #They keep readin the emails like, "He's an idiot..."
Welcome to Indiana Andrew Luck
This am, I have no one to blame but myself. And Dan Cox. I also blame Dan Cox. And his friends from Oberlin.
#wesupportmahone because,he supports us♥
the thing about watching Goodfellas' on TV is that they cut ALOT of shit out.
yeah it was good!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 43
by how r u
it was a family friends house. Beautiful view doe
Goodburger is my movie. Not even joking it's possibly my favorite. WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER?
Disneyland on Friday! I am so excited!
THANK YOU Randy Newman for your quote on my project - You are a Mensch! Ro
This conversation right now!!!>>>>
Thank you!! You're a peach!
you're very welcome.
process more useful.
Have a great day, Beat Carolina!!!
VideoAnt for annotating videos at UMN.
Thanks for the late mentions:
Orioles catcher Matt Wieters is 5-6 with 2 HRs vs Ivan Nova... Who starts for the Yankees tonight.
are others experiencing issues accessing #linkedin?
RT : FAIR AND BALANCED,WHERE'S BROWN'S SPEECH? EQUAL TIME!!!
jealous :P
i love winter but then again i dont because im sick right now and it sucks :/
RT haha! i just recieved a spam text, selling me weight loss formula :P
What kind of #video would you like? Contact Time-Keepers Productions where we will create a video getting your customers racing to you.
Sometimes in the middle of the night, I wake up and roll out of bed and wonder why I even woke up in the first place
Watching good burger with my big brother 😁
Eatting chocolate mousse with my mommy. :)
Flight is delayed in Halifax....trying to get back to Baltimore to see the lady dance at the B.M.A. Looking forward to it.
im gonna bring by your cinco de mayo gift.
Today's work goal: revise at least 15 pgs of copyright bk.
Just saw the final collection of on dying to wear the last look & all the jewelry & shoes! So fab!!!!
I just love all of you will deal
u better stay outta trouble lol
no but I'll tell you .... I love you
Difference between being disappointed by the actions of someone once close, to being utterly disgusted by their actions & ultimately them
Three day weekend! Everyone who has a paid holiday off don't take it for granted. I'm so thankful!!!
5:40 seems like a totally reasonable time to wake up on a Saturday.
"You must be a friend. I've always wanted a friend." We are all Corduroy.
haha cool!! Ya the usa os pretty awesome:)
1 dog a shih tzu and a cat named oreo
Great block
it's okay. You've got me(:
Great day for a baseball game, go Phillies!
Teach me about weight loss.
I knew Fish would give us a couple gimmies. Thanks, fish.
Watching the LA tow-truck pursuit with other bored screenwriters on Twitter.
"I can hear it." "Hear what?" "I can hear the bug."
It's upsetting when a photographer's name is detached from her/his photograph. It's like an actor- or director-less film.
can we please convene an outdoor #BloomingdaleDC racial #peace summit asap?
Go Follow for jokes+fun+advice+followers and more!! <3
girl where did you disappear to... can't find you... please apparate
what time do you get to leave 4:30?
Charlie I'd begging pissing me off
ok you will probably getting back around 10:30 is my guess and your father says hi :)
First night in the new apartment. I love it here so much.
Does any one have suggestions for an EA for google tablet vs.iPad
Happy St. Patrick's Day From All of Us at MAU!
Thanks Felicia... I'm still amazed at how long it is all taking.. On Great Side, the Brace on my arm came off yesterday :-)
I hate it when that happens!
If I was a casual fan of the NBA and I met Mike D'antoni. It would take him the length of a NBA game for him to convince me he was a coach.
Do people still use those things?
I believe all the hard dancing we just did during Pilar's class, brought on this glorious rain!
what's up
haha u dirty dirty diehard! how's your quest for tickets going?
will twitter overtake google as search engine of choice in the future?
Because those who weren't abused do not want to OPEN their eyes to the afflictions and torture of those of us who were.
think matthew weiner is from MD
Setting up Summer Tour Dates!!! Any Requests?
Just took nap in car in lunch break- omg needed that. #amazing could use more lol
GUESS-THE-INGREDIENT! 1st person to answer correctly wins 25 bonus karma pts. 1 guess per hint.
Bro Where You Get Yo HeadPhones From In Yo Pic.!
I feel sorry for the lady that falls in love with ike taylor Expecting him to catch her. Smh
#BritneyIsAPerfectMother you can tell she loves her boys more than anything else in the world. #HappyMothersDay ♥
It is going to be 70 degrees today in San Francisco! What is your favorite activity to do on an unexpected sunny day?
Life is and always be precious
I celebrate his birthday everyday.
I TOOK YOUR HEART RIGHT OUTCHA CHEST !!! BIAAAAATCHH ;)
is in MSN until Saturday morning. Let the fun begin.
Ran into George Clooney at Warner Brothers yesterday. He is as nice as he seems.
Thanks John!
We have one more space open for Valentines Day, just for that person who forgot - and yes there is always one person who forgets !!!
Ah!...a much needed spa pedi before hitting the town!
God Bless Conley...let's go!!!!
Lost 15 bucks at the Casino..
Yeah still play it too :p
Going out for some barking.
I grew up knowing every #ACC bball coach by name. This year, had trouble answering half. Sad days for a once dominant conference.
GDC all week. Ping me if you want to meet up - . Yeah!!!!
About to sound off #jhudc hear the wind
Tell you what: let's live this year as if Daylight Fucked-Up Time doesn't exist. If we all do it, it will work, right?
#Honestly My Moms Bf Is One Sorry Ass Bitch .
: someone put a *banana* in the touch tanks??
Will be the September feature on our new site www.DCAfterWork.com I'm excited! ADC will be reviewed and promoted!
Seeing Mac & Cheese on the TT just makes me hungry! Maybe that's what I'll have for dinner tonight... what are you guys having?!
Letter from Wofford >>>>>
brilliant statement professor!
Ohmygosh, did you guys see me in and 's #CoolMorning2?
They told me I cant put my weed on the strip when I reedup with sess, so I put a body on the strip and reedup with death.
Thanks so much for the FF! xoxo
Indians and Blue Jays starting to tire me out. Exciting but I didn't expect it to go quite this long.
lol, u bringing breakfast, I shouldn't have to cook in that case, lol
And the sign.
“: The awkward moment when you try to step on another stair when your already at the top/bottom”
It's bizarre that at the CEO level, one would lie about their academic degree.
You're there?
Excited about a story I'm working on.
im not wrong
Lol who is beefing with? Why would anybody try her ? She's too trill!
yeah, not many hits though so I tried craigs list and found a real winner. Lots of potential with the high employment rate
Mine was Go Away:)
no it doesn't, think biblically men have always been this way. Y'all are the ones who have changed & expected something new
the browns 4th, 22nd or both?!?!?!?
Good friends of mine raise monkeys in FL. They have 25!
Saving up for a show cat. :3
*ATTENTION* #turntup objects may seem closer than they appear TURN-UP-O-VISON wavy
Bad day for Raul Castro: Cuban exiles all over Havana; Cuban exiles all over Santiago; Cuban exiles offshore shooting fire works! #ñoooo!
I need a Freeroll man! Haha need some $ on my account. Whether its NBA or NFL playoffs!
While I was out buying dog food for Bonny, she helped herself to the last slice of pizza. Naughty dog!
broccoli and cheese soup and um the national championship too!! I saw your tum tum was upset that's the worst! sorry momma
I miss everyone so much! College isnt the same without you all
David Guetta has the coolest robots I've ever seen. And I've seen someCOOL robots..
In need of inspiration for the dance I'm supposed to come up with
wya wit it
surely, that was ironic. Hate to believe that much ignorance exists.
Hiking in the mountains is one of the most amazing experiences.
Hiking with no phone. Just call me Bear Grillz.
what r u doing for NYE? :)
What is the best Teriyaki place near Pioneer Square???
oh yeah...more than enough to do.
Keep cool and be respectful! Have fun and dont be dumb! Show love and be love!
“: People who own dogs tend to be more outgoing and are more likely to carry conversations with others.”
I have such a love for animals. I really wish I could be with them more often.
les go I have 6 bucks in cash and 19 bucks in my card. I'm down
☼ New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become. Kurt Vonnegut
Spirit airlines: what a waste. Not #winning. I learned my lesson...plan further in advance to avoid you.
Anyone know a good DBA looking for contract or full-time work in LA? MySQL Cluster and/or Django experience preferred. Thanks!
"ELE, Everybody Love Everybody" - Jackie Moon
Great examples.
Like the remix
this again??!!
Someone is impersonating me and sending libel and slander tweets - please verify my (this) account. Award Nom. Actor Anna Easteden
We should all adopt the Native American way and try to make our lives beautiful
RT : :: attempting fusion :: branli, I'm really proficient in confusion if you need any help.
Leaving on a jet plane with Can't wait for home sweet cold!
h that actually made me laugh for a while lol
In honor of Good Friday, making 's hot cross buns tomorrow.... They promise to be amazing.
Trapped at Lebanese Taverna.
Got a lot on my plate and I just can't eat it all! I need to sort through a lot of things!#Life Which way should I go? ⬆⬇⬅↙↘↖↗➡➡⬆⬇↗↙
"Someone's panties are in the hallway." - quote of the MONTH by
Body aching, cough going... It's looking like a short night for me
these GOP candidates are cracking jokes about the death of another human being.
she is the best mommy in the world right!!!!!!
just because you announce you stealing shit doesn't make it less criminal
when boys talk stupid I let it go in one ear n out the other 
only to find that He was not there, and an angel greeted these visitors, telling them "Why do you seek the living amongst the dead?
haha i have ZERO musical talent. i can barely sing in tune. i said that cause i'm flying through Ohare and i wanted to see GLJ!
that's a beautiful thing bro great teachers r needed man. I can recall all mine.
Awesome “Games of Blades” shirt available this Thursday July 21st by !
my BACKGROUND is YELLOW... because I want to catch MY FOLLOWERS ATTENTION.... lol
Did not think of this: RT : conversation should be about women who have to breast feed "older" kids b/c they don't have $ 4 food
is supposed to debut but get the fuck outta here I've lived that life and know how ur family works...good luck and grow up
Your kindness means the world.
Saying you love a person every 30mins doesnt mean you are truly in love..action is always better than speech. #just saying
Glad I missed that bullet. BTW: What olive oil do you use?
dude lets boulder some time!! you name it, I'll be there!
Happy Mothers Day to your mom! She is really blessed to have sons like you rob and chris!
The same national tendency to follow a hobby horse to catastrophe. Think Francesco Schettino.
Hi Jeannie, Yes a good week...still absorbing what we learned. I so enjoyed spending time with you! Amy
Cant wait to go to pilates class tomorrow with the girls :)
lmfaooo broke bitch
Yep I see that.. I hate when ppl post fake pics. no offense -.-
Make me wanna release a song when i get outta class today
Dear Lord it's ok
do you know who is hosting?
im smoke my weed and drink my liquor
Did you see TNT's shot of Mark Cuban dropping an F-bomb?
As a man thinketh in his heart so is he. ~ James Allen
The heart that loves is always young.
Gotta give it up to and Christy Chisholm for a wonderfully written review of boro gallery.
Double Daves has really good pizza crust.
Me too <3
hows your flow lookin boss? lets see!!
jealous.. Take me with you pleasee :)
Thank you for the nice tweet. Something to think about as we build our prayer-app (see here please: www.birdofprayer.org)
#YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything
Happy Birthday to Jon Decious of The Devious Angels! Stop by their facebook page and wish him a happy birthday!
Hello! You're welcome! Thanks for following too! I'll be sure to check it out!
It's Tuesday again.
Saturday night...we all can't wait to see what your drinking on instagram
So exhausted and have so much left to do before Thursday morning. I'm at my wits end.
": depending on my mood, I may work in the pantry today." Word. Bring it!
hey! How's Boston treating you?!
Can't wait for the game on Friday.......hope to see some of my old friends there....
Wow! What a game !
Old people waiting for metro door to open: I think youre too close. It won't open if you stand too close. See you steped back and it opened
peas in your corn, eat tacos with meat!
The possibility that no one wants to confront is that #GeorgeZimmerman feared his own reflection in the face of
Thanks to for hosting us this morning, and for randomly playing Fleetwood Mac's "Tusk" by way of outro!
glad you had fun, and got to come home to more beautiful weather!
How to pick the perfect Mascara: 1. Decide what you're going for-extra curl to more volume?
if only I were landing before closing time tonight!
had such a fantabulous day. went to an audition for my girls then Washington.square park followed by Barnes n nobles:-) now laundry
We smell a special showcase.
Nice work! Your 5 steps may end up on a bulletin board in the Coldwell Banker #McLean work room!
LMAO Chick crazy
That song is a classic! Timeless one you kick back to with a special one
Massage/mani/pedi, new workout gear, books or mags you don't normally buy or even scented candles & bubble bath can be a treat!
If I took you home, you'd be a home run.
I wonder if the things that remind me of you, remind you of me.
Happy Birthday!
We are wrapped! Thanks to everyone who lent a hand, or 2 or 3.
This guy just furiously called the Joe Craft Center and ranted that he doesn't like watching UK playing in their "skivvies" for 3 minutes.
oh well would you look at that.... it seems i've run out of clothes. guess it'd better get downstairs and do laundry
yes, please. Looking forward to that.
Hosted lunch & roundtable discussion w/ Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom & San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders today.
It's Friday!!! Come hang out tonight!!! Tables/Bottles/Reservations for this weekend? Just hit us up on twitter!!! <3
RT I am starving. fruity pebbles or cinnamon chex? How bout some eggs & some fresh fruit.
I lurve this idea. It'll be huge. Bigger than MEATBALLS.
Missed the train. Not humping yet.
landing strip
Being overweight is now the norm
yes sir Rhymes!!!!!!
Heading over to for what it sure to be a memorable evening.
Busy day
So S&P downgrades the US, and Treasury yields go down. This should indicate something about S&P's credibility.
barley follows anyone which would make it mean so much more if he followed me(:
local #Philly sports fans - please follow , a new blog/twitter/FB page effort by two of my darling 7th graders
We'll see, I'm not promising anything though <3
Not sure, I'm going 2 have 2 watch my schedule, I've got a couple of new products that I'm going to be launching in the Fall
you better have gotten something for that...
Why did you even have to post that? You shouldn't have had to. This is why I want to punish librarians sometimes.
I'm in Vegas, at Sephora. Buying up Tokidoki fragrances and other cute things. Don't judge.
#hearthealer is a real sad movie.
RT : So the debate team beat Yale today? So much I could say, but I'll just say job well done fellas & coach Ilya Davis
is it bad i already teared up when i read some of the lyrics that people have tweeted? NO REGRETS(:
I know I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number call me maybee
Fitz has a good shot at being a top 2 WR in fantasy this year
We at Center for Justice and Social Compassion work on ID issues so homeless people can get medical services. Best to you!
Wat Kind Of Snake Justin? huh!?
My dog has takin over my bed move lily! Lol
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My creativity
No...actually you have my last name. ;) My dad's family is from Kansas & Wisconsin area. I'll direct message you w/my email.
playing in the froyo place!
about to spend two hours in a movie theater :O
Don't get on my bad side .
Should be set!
Sequin "shakedown" on "Dancing with the Stars". See who's "Kaputz" and who's advancing in their Capezios to the finals. Watch CBS19
Robert Ward from Arizona discovers two small meteorites in California, U.S.
You must gotta pay $10?
I'm dumb enough, young enough, tough enough not to think twice :)
Double Double is my drink....lol
im waiting on you
haha I knew it! :)
yes I made it safe and sound!!
#cars LCPS custodian also restores classic cars
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Jr. Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club (178 Stanton Street L.E.S., NYC)
Rehearsing with Symphony Crack...tomorrow its going down in Colombia, South Carolina!
Totally in the mood to go salsa dancing tonight. It's been too long!
r we heading to a 2nd ot Jeff?
I got one of those last xmas. It was a very efficient purchase.
"At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed."~Numbers 9:23
There can be ONLY ONE!!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!!
Guys soccer is the best!!!:)
Supporters of two schools in danger of closing come out to fight for their schools. at 10&11.
Not that it definitely had to do w/ head trauma, but that's where your mind goes when you hear an ex-NFLer killed himself.
The saves being made are insane right now
Anyone remember the movie teaching mrs tingle? Omg I used to love that movie
I dug your exhibit but I need to dance yo! U spinnin at LE Bain
Tired who's DTC down to cuddle
just wanted to throw that in the right stuff in there. I know it has nothing to do with milli.
Thank you for following! Happy #WW :)
What's your favorite movie to watch with your kids?
So...it's just empty calories and male curiosity, eh.
Red Lobster for lunch wifffff my Memaw ❤
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid. And if you could do it better than me, then you do it.
i seriously hope that Lil Jon is NOT at edc he fucking butchers every potentially good song
KG: 18 points, 6 boards, 2 blocks already?! Insane.
A long soak in the tub sounds amazing to me.
#HappyBirthdayBuster trending in the U.S. - Nice job !
Oh, sweet black kitten, why do you hate the printer so much? It's not possessed, you know. And what did my lab worksheets ever do to you?
These girls putting in a relationship and 2 seconds later single every 4 days is so annoying like im about a click away to delete you.
Homemade dough & sauce, 100% mozzarella cheese, locally bought toppings...We put lots of love into everything we serve: Our Difference....
Dear : The Wire concluded more than four years ago. It was a very good TV show. Please stop writing about it.
Things I like: kareoke , PBR, Xmas lights, NASCAR cut-outs, Ukrainian men, and hanging out with Mr. Bellisano. Hello Thurs night hot spot.
I'm sure someone has said something but I think you clicked a virus :/
my phones dead I'm using my friends ):
We have at least one sheep in labor, possibly three.
yes!! It's the highlight of the weekend!
Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon! Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!
Wouldn't be a festival in Oklahoma without some weather. Stay tuned we will keep you updated!
retirement Bob? He is still a spring Chook!!!! :))))
You can't expect me to be fine...I can't expect you to care
is peaking on Passover.
i'm good how about yourself?
I would love to help out and I think reviewing a local beer of yours and mine would be a neat spin :)
