I need to go to sleep..but Britney Spears "Give Me More" song keeps replaying in me head. What????
starting to enjoy Firefox again, great work on 5.0
There is a direct correlation between what you think & what you do... Choose your thoughts wisely!
Good girl...
Life is good I am truly blessed!
In this trife life. There ain't nobody you cam trust. It's called betrayal.
Rising cost of gas prices again! Various predictions of what this will do to the economy, what's your thoughts?
and should be tall together wait wut.
I slept fantastically!
Sleep on the beach, what would they say? RT via Looking for a nice hotel on the beach in San Diego. Got any reccomendations?
design. basketball. sweatpants.
if you want to taste what sunshine looks like go get a kishu mandarin and put it into your face.
I don't wanna be bored again today
Marshmallow's :) Sharing is Caring
I'm in a bit of a pickle now.
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous
I no its late in all but am
you're great at texting back :/
Business cards ,posters, stickers, magnets, shirts and a few things more for the show on june 2 coming verry soon and fast !!! Yeah dat
You know it's almost Christmas when....{fill in the blank}
Organic Chef to supply Locally Grown All Natural Sustainable Beef, Pork to Kon-E-Zee
“: Anyone wanna chirp me?” Yes.
We always recommend ordering three S&C balms at a time ... in case you're riding across the desert with your two amigos....
make better mistakes tomorrow!
Tonight I am a proud husband. My wife is being named to the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame Silver Anniversary Team.
If Goldman Sachs' clients continue to pay it money and get fleeced, then they are stupider than muppets.
Alumni...Chris Gregory Pharmacy 1988
no big deal lol just got stuck in the metro for two hours
Great article on #Aspie view of death in JAN 2012 Subscribe by 1-31-12 to start w/ this issue and receive it within 1 week!
I hope NEVER puts family members on another RH show. It has ruined RHONJ. I for one do NOT want another season.
lifes too short,why not live to the fullest
This is so bloody boring. 15 minutes in and I want to stop watching.
watching #neversaynever i start screaming whenever starts a new song or he takes his shirt off like at the end <3
i got a chance to do that once in 5th grade i belive
way more credit than deserved. I see it the other way. YOU help ME!
“He’s making a list and checking it twice,” Sounds like Santa’s a little obsessive-compulsive.
so glad you're a voice for so many males out there
Blurry Pics Lie 👎
Dear Snow, I am not ready for you yet. Please come back in January or February. Thanks, Greg
forgot that i cant run dishwasher, stovetop, and microwave at the same time...oops tripped a breaker
found mien bruder!!
GamePlan: 1. Eat the pussy 2. Beat the pussy up 3. Apologize to the pussy by eating it again beacause it's so good. (;
Right, weight loss before becoming pregnant because it increases your chances of becoming pregnant because you are healthier!
this jumpsuit is just fabulous. I sort of want you to start making excuses to to wear it in real life.
Join us at noon to learn more about #Northeastern career services available to Evening #MBA students! bit.ly/plUgtx
Wake up in the mornin' and do my philosophy homework... Wait, that's not how the song goes?
o you blocked me..you sure showed me
Playing 20 questions with teenagers: it's harder than you think.
HAD A GREAT TIME TDY, GLAD 2 B A PART, OF HISTORY!!!! SHOUT OUT 2 ALL DJ's THAT MADE THIS POSSIBLE, GLAD 2 HAVE MET EVERYONE!!!!
if she's yours then why she keep blowin me up?? smhhh lmao :)
Obama: We've gotta fight for every person who woke us up to the reality of AIDS.
lovely to catch up with you!
I'm determined to have a productive day. Off to take product photos.
everyone's out celebratin... Happy Mother's Day to all moms!
It was not me.
All I really wanna do nowadays, is skate.
Shut out of THE BABY MAKERS. Guess the universe wants us to rage instead. Hearing you loud and clear, universe.
Like the Facebook page..trying to get to 17k by the 17th...if so FREE Wendy's Frosty's for everyone!
We are thrilled to have , and join us as National Co-Hosts for the 14th Annual TandI Summit!
look up Doctor Bieber lmao it's not a real song but he made it for fun
Lol Wilpon joking about world series.. bet his asshole puckered up tighter then a cheerio durung that line....
Has Twitter helped you promote yourself or your business? Share your story for my upcoming book. Thanks!
keep in touch and ill do the same
Btw, also great for a summer evening: George Crumb's Music for a Summer Evening (Makrokosmos I).
I heard it stumped some of the contestants! A Chef ain't worth his salt if he don't know about scrapple...
I like how you've made your time in grad school so short that you barely need to give up your apartment. :-D
#Idol Joshua is badass he so hot great voice
I can't believe it's taken 3 years to find one of my fave professors on : Can you tweet pics of your jacket each day?
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Wrote a scene yesterday for this drama. Inspiration can be a frenzy.
Super excited to see the new logo concept designs from !
of course. Why wouldnt I? You're hot
I'm about to begin live tweeting.
wishing everyone a love-filled Valentine Day.......to be or not to be.....is that a question?
UNIONS try to ban consumer choice -- remember Walmart ban? You ARE funny!
Dr. N. M. Kondap is about to talk on how to choose your #career options wisely at GETEX 2012.
Always learning with Green Screen work!!
Our fridge started buzzing and rattling like a Cesna at take off. 1st I thought gotta call AB May then I thought "what would Fonzi do?"
Please be sure to follow our friends Great people, great products and service! DO IT! :) Happy Monday.
Awesome! I'm on the desk till 1pm, so hopefully I can dash down after that!
You know who your true friends are if they keep the syringes or not.
Tonight Intermediate/Advance NY style class in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street (The Crossings) at 8:30 p.m. Hope to see you all there!
Damn, Gary. Sad to see you go.
Ahh...Wow..I couldn't live without my diet coke..
Molly! I just made the final touches on the email for warped and I can't find the address to send it too! What is it?
Docuscope forces return to individual texts to fully see how documents are being clustered and what words/phrases make this happen.
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight #Arts #Challenge winner for your Passport to the Arts! $100,000, #WOW! :)
thankyou!! make sure you like it too, we got a goal to achieve(:
So excited for this place to open! Having creations closer to home is going to be awesome.
2 test down, 4 more to go!
RT Grandma2422 Children need to be taught correct Doctrine or as Christ asked Will there be one when I return?
Good morning everyone! :]
Mitt a nice value play at 20/1.
follow me ray dude when you get this
Just pulling your leg, friend. I'm glad to be in the circle.
OMG! we should play rock n roll together more often, or at least busk
just realized that since has my phone at home ... she can tweet as me. anything related to sewing, scifi or geeky stuff is NOT me
SBD or loud and proud?
O'Riley's tonight! Playin w/ Big John Splan from 8 pm til 11 or so! Hope to see ya there!
I wanna go to another wiz Khalifa concert
sounds like a pretty good culinary day to me!
follow me back
Lin Sanity continues tonight. Let's go Knicks. Carmelo with have a great night.
Money Maker
Well it's not Passover so you're probably right.
Barbara Walters that's fucked up RT I truly believe that the leading cause of pedophilia in this country is sexy children.
Potent. Really, really potent. MT : How was that #centralwaters Bourbon Barrel Barleywine?
At least it's Friday.
she will be doomed to have every birthday party in a donut shop for the rest of her life.
I know not saying no to anyone is really bad and idk why i dont i just dont
thank you!
I would love to see more #SanRafael info but you haven't tweeted in 11 days- did u abandon ship?
go follow if you dont already! its my personal account
Talkin to my best friend Chris. Born in Miami..BIGGEST Heat fan I know. He is pissssssedddd
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an angle gets a high-five. Oh yea.
Just started reading John Napier's book, Hands. Thinking a lot about "visual-tactile teamwork" vis-à-vis data visualization + haptics.
#ReplaceStoneSourSongWithMustard "Mustard Road"
I would consider it, but I get my bacon from Wandos.
Important message for #Baltimore bar cooks: do not microwave crabby tots!! :(
From what I recall, City Code does not allow it. Call the City first.
ahaha no problem :)
Good morning brrrr
Will you be stopping by the Spring Game tomorrow? We'd love to see you before you head off to the NFL!
I saw a guy who looked exactly like you at the mall here same face
Excited for SoleSlam this coming sunday.. :)
u dont have to give up on everything you love just cuz 1 girl is wasting her time trying to ruin you.. be yourself, live life
Sorry I couldn't make it last night!! I have no doubt you guys rocked it though :)
#60Minutes - Leslie Stahl - horrible interview with the Massad Agent.
Likewise. Thanks for the follow. Good luck finding a producer for the shows you're creating!
hahaha take us to your bio dome!!!
Thanks 10yo chubby boy running around in your tighty whities by the lake today. You made me laugh!
Who tick Nicki Minaj off?? Why she not on twitter?? Man guess we have to see her out #hope she come back to Jax FL
thanks for the follow Craig. Look forward to meeting you in person sometime soon!
i hate annoying people especially snitches n haters
We are currently looking for a talented Recruiting Manager & Recruiting Specialist to join our Farmers team. DM us for details.
I'm sorry I meant to say #Rondo needs to
lol me either
Ha Ha! I less than three you.
Love it! RT Want a free ? The first 50 ppl that use the code socialmediadel on their app get one! You're welcome
damn straight :). Let us not forget about
Just got arrested for the first time, not the best experience
yay delpo! Tho I lurve ferru too. Sigh - am still out working. Boo. Getting progressively nore distracted as the hr grows late...
spent the weekend in Brooklyn. Headed back to ATX, which has caught fire since I left apparently.
Just used the phrase "Option One" in an email. *shudders*
“Give them quality. That’s the best kind of advertising.” - Milton Hershey, Founder of Hershey’s Chocolate
all kiNds of shit
Indies & efforts like making progress on Heinz 57 hyperlocal model. Analyze tools, services for indies. Quit wasting time on Patch
YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF TOMORROW!!!! OMG!! ARE YOU EXCITED???(: I AM!! YOU CAN LICK YOUR TEETH AGAIN! ;)<33
My heart is in NY with all of my friends and family going to see the NY premiere of #BlueCollarBoys. So #grateful for the #love and support.
Tatler partners with Zappar for Diamond Jubilee augmented reality issue
Count me in for the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Rallye :-)
After another win (4-2) over the Nationals, Pirates meet them again at 7:05. Watch it on ROOT and see if they can repeat.
Maybe if he busts out a Doritos/Cheetos/Funjuns reference tonight, you'll get an answer.
I more follower and I give you a shout-out!
RT : Yes, I am an groupie, but it's because I know better than best.
i will take you and buy your ticket! :)
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the priority for each spouse in repayment of debt.
evidence of economy on the rise due to unsatisfied employees telling bosses to "shove it," reports
Happy Easter friends of the WSCC. "Where man sees but withered leaves, God sees sweet flowers growing." ~Albert Laighton
Everyone defines #dating differently...make sure you and your mate are on the same page
Yeah, but 18 one year old kids having sex is creepy as well
can i have a shoutout?
"Just thought we could same-page a little."
Doctor in a little bit... ugh...
Almost had a stroke! Tried to update the entire new website at once and it just reverted back to the old site. It looks fixed now though
ok that's what I was thinking....thanks!!! #whew!!
bacon strips!
How many more of those envelopes will he have to address in future months and years? Certainly a lot less than we did as kids.
Went bowling at South Point casino tonight. Did better on the lanes than at the tables. :)
Hey luvies what's up
I'm so surprised to hear about layoffs at a company that makes anti-depressants. What does their severance package look like? Free samples?
I...still don't know what that means.
On my way to the airport. Again.
#2 NO IU fans here in cent. KY. but there are Card fans. & I'm 49 I remember the UK IU glory days
RT : RT : I'm spending the whole day with my bestfriend tomorrow .
Waiting for "undo tweet"
any chance my wonderful writing partner in crime is out and about in Tweetland tonight? :-)
Thank you. Wouldn't offer something if I didn't use it myself.
Theses allergies aint no joke tearing me up
youtube.. please have an option for youtubers to change our username..:/
does staying healthy include chocolate?
You Might Someone Else...But You Would Never...#FindAnotherLikeMe!
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet - MarketWatch (press release)
And baby I promise that i'll never leave everything will be alright,
Just wanted to say how lovely it was to speak with you yesterday. You are an amazing person. Proud to "know" you. Too mushy?
Work to Defend Against the Fall of Gondor.
has anyone seen "Tin Man" with Zooey Deschanel? Do you recommend watching it?
I never eat breakfast
TBR HE IS CUTE
You love our crab cakes? Thank you!!! Do you enjoy them in one of our restaurants, or do you buy them in the grocery store?
If your a football fan then your probably caught up in the #NflDraft right now. #Sports!
I don't love her no more..
Seeing your reckless pass and being so happy of how far you come and what you have now.
hey if it's a family friendly app u might want to stay away from the word "anal" in your tweets (i kno what u mean tho)
so much emotion.
": fugg you guys alright...405 hoe! Lol" u kno i fucks wit both so I won't talk down on okc
Big thanks to and for hooking us up with (non-alcoholic) drinks for the #Caps long breakdown day
TAKE IT BACK! You have every right to have a fitness blog. Duh. :)
thanks for the RT sir!
Take me, to another place where I'll be.. face to face just you & me with no rules cause just like you
I am staffing multiple QA spots (including Leads & Mgrs) in the Erie County, NY area. Are there any testers looking for work?
west brom scores again!
The temp is comfortable here in VA....thank goodness it cooled down alittle.
Join my FANTASY BASEBALL LEAGUE on Yahoo -Reedy9ers 177758 password baseball -live online draft 6pm ET Friday tonite! Need a few more peeps!
#FF check out their website www.studentdebtnews.com
MIchael will be on Bashir Show today at 3pm and tonight Ed Show at 8pm where he is guest host!
i like bananas
bro they're okay that's not the point. There's way better food available all the time
TinyURL. Reminds me of my ex.
En route to #sxsw hoping to catch some z's on the plane so I can network my socks off once I hit the ground!
there's only one me
Had a great day working on my new book Your New Life: Be Transformed from Busy to Balanced. Better follow my own advice and get to bed now!
really Thunder?
Chavez shave your mustache
It's Done!
Good luck!!!
One of the toughest things about MLA is trying to choosing between conflicts.
Ran the door county half marathon yesterday, with some friends. Thanks Jon for hosting. Great race, great course, ~2k runners
“:my mom calls and tells me that I won a raffle for $750 to go anywhere I want! Thank you Princess Pocahontas:')”wanna share:P
asdfghjkl. I DREAMED ABOUT MEETING YOU GUYS THE OTHER NIGHT. LOL.
My first #FS goes to Medina's finest and one hell of a DJ
ill give it to someone what color do you want brown or black?
shoes! glorious shoes!
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said the coaches would chat tonight about the tryouts and make a decision on who to sign and who to let go.
Whadd up famo it's ruckus from I will be seeing you on June 1st in the chi! Follow back!
Thanks for the follow Pets! Check out the Jedi Nighties at Plush on March 22 with 3 other fantastic female-led bands.
Just whipped up a Mocha Ole! Yum, dark chocolate, cream and good coffee.
feenin that Aman music. United Slaves Mixtape still gets spins on my cd player
It's been a long week. Feeling punchy. And ready for some Hunger Games with my boy and my friends.
Thanks for the streaming link to your new album! I just streamed my review of it. Did you miss it? My, how inconvenient for you.
If you bring your 10-year-old into a bar, you are not allowed to yell at people for using profane language.
isn't there an APP for that? haha jk
RT : The only reason we struggle is so we can overcome in the end! #staypositive ~
#NowPlaying Usher- U got it bad.
I want to give my mic a mustache in honor of Dan Lenard!
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!: If you have a Facebook can you please go to the Pima County Fair page and like the video by Alyssa Lizardi:)
I'm not tired I fell asleep earlier on and that at 00.00 but now I'm totally awake and LISM socks
say Happy Birthday Gabby Heckard? my birthday is in a month
Willing to try meditation but having problems clearing my mind.
Yes please! I always wanted the keys to a shiny new Australia...
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
guess i go to the store now !!!
in a damn meeting...again
I'll let you know by 2 if we are still having the meet.
woke up with stuffed animals surrounding me. damn it rachel and katlyn this is why we can't have nice things.
Come to our February 6th Training in Burlington, Ma Headquarters. Axial Turbine Fundamentals & AxSTREAM Design Workshop.
Innovative Interfaces peeps-- anyone know whether a "AND NOT" condition can be faked in Create Lists?
i wish i had a real bestfriend....Oh wait! I do! To me she's my bestfriend idk who i'am to her tho. o.o
CONGRATS on the new little man :) RT : Baby Henry is here! Congrats to Mr. and Mrs. Free Beer!
Waiting on my cue to flee!
Benovia--absolutely amazing vineyard in rrv. Tasted there yesterday. Ridonculous
Yea tell me about it...But in recent years the winner is never successful...
Come to Harrison's on Third Thurs 3/11 to celebrate spring's arrival, learn what GOkickball is all about, & then forget what you learned.
Somnium is having a great day finishing up some client work and a new meeting today! Have a great day!
Morning music videos >>>>
#FollowFriday Whichever one of you gives me the most coffee today.
So scared the shit out of me today I scream so loud at the train station I swear this boy loves to see fear in my eyes lol :)
Me and have been Directioners for almost a year
At least your dad knows how to use email.
The weekends just keep getting here faster man
: Yay Eayrslee! SF misses you (especially now, during your early winter...) xoxo
"I won't say I'm in love"
god morning (:
So many people work so hard just to get there names out there. Once its out , they cant take the haterz
"No Sleep Till Brooklyn"..RIP Adam Yauch
I won't ruin the memory and tell you that it's kind of on autopilot. Oops! Sorry! ;-)
I take it he doesn't follow you? Heh.
that's a great one! Health is def going to be a topic of discussion soon. We like Big Booty B*tches!
too true!!
This is absurd. The issue is critique by those with expert knowledge.
I don't think I've ever taken so long to read a chapter. Economics of Global Business will be the death of me.
Visit to DMV. Up there with dentist and accountant.
#UsmileOneYearAnniversary ONE YEAR ALREADY?! wow!
Kobe looks like the baboon from lion king
habitat images in from Bradley Peters and Dan Koeck - 35 to go
If I had a joke I'd probably make it, but I just know a certain newsweekly is tracking its Twitter mentions, so that makes me not want to.
Well, he just got a new one
Awww! I apparently fell asleep after that update. Love me some Cheerios, but no YGG. More into PBS lineup ;)
have you started planning for ?? is in THE BEST location, see all the action from the hot tub on your deck :)
Monday Night Football: 49ers vs Cardinals. Is it Tuesday yet?
ahh hay girl, I heard you were going the 11th, cant wait to see you! Miss you <3
no worries, its all about being a fast reader. I'll give you a hint, you'll be looking 4 something here: playboy.covertocover.com
Hey sis what is the Sipp?
are we going to put a cute tag line on it..change you can believe in..war on women...how about free snow cones for votes
Pretty sure I'm getting random Happy New Year texts from AT&T, and not anyone in Dallas I would actually CARE about gerri g a text from. ..
Father who deserted family was tortured soul, admits Martin Clunes: Martin Clunes, the actor, has spoken frankly..
Christmas caroling :)
Did you try our catering department? They can be reached at 812-327-4842. Not sure when you need them....
Ah...so right! RT : Before a business can communicate externally it needs to communicate internally w/ employees
i'm finally catching up on my tv shows. i think i'll start with Heroes
Absolutely! I couldn't ask for better management at this point!
it's true, I am skipping the SOTU for La Cage at ken Cen. Which one will have more guys faking it for the sake of spectacle?
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. -Guillaume Apollinaire
My man swinging by my spot in Cleveland. Thanks for coming by - kids loved you.
Such a cool concept, I'm obsessed! RT Up over 1,000 likes now. Thanks to our awesome early supporters...sincerely!!!!
Check out the link to my IMDb page on my profile. All answers lie there! :)
sorry Ian. It's hard for me to abide bullies, especially when they present themselves as victims.
I don't understand what makes ppl want to have a conservation the entire lecture.
NC is fifth in the nation for child obesity. We are setting up a health epidemic for the next generation. Let's do better Charlotte!
We've already taped 2 short shows at our new PDX TV Studio. One is edited and just about ready for airing. One needs some TLC from FCP!
Thanks for the follow Napa from San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon
Dang this cotton candy is good!
You're so fat you fell into the grand canyon and got stuck
Spent today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb - awesome speakers, great networking, wonderful overall; kudos to Towson Univ and the planning team!
good looking out!
Gonna hop in the shower before these losers do. Lol.
i argue 1 place is limiting; the web is already the place. its an ecology of things. what solution does 1 solve?
Well, I'm bored again. Time to open the fridge again.
Let's go back to last night..
I am drinking the Kale Spinach Banana Peanut Butter Smoothie from the new cookbook right now and am SUPER happy about it!
“: Oh yeah and I got a new PR for Overhead Squat: 113# 1RM, that's 30# over my old 1 rep max! ” awesome job!!!
Incredible- live from #Syria on #CNN right now. Telling how bad situation is for civilians... shortages of blood, etc.
she needs to do both. Poop and give birth:)
Ever thought about including veggies into your fruit juices? Check out Market Girl’s blog post for all the juicy fruit & veggie combos!...
Wow I never thought I'd find someone like you , now that your here promise me you won't leave , I love you Chase Robert Scott Botts <3333333
Yikes! #Bruins win, but scary last couple of minutes. Senators are for real. So are the Bruins. Go B's!
Actually, that's our headline. It tops a 6 column photo of us racing office chairs.
I'd love to! Thanks for asking. Send 'em my way! Happy to do anything to show #WMU pride.
lol yes girl...nothin to do..!!
with Social Media; we are ALL brands now � we influence as well!
why am i still up.
are you asking me to come up with ideas?
I was considering GA players as collegians. All in same boat. Senior, junior, doesn't matter. Just not enough of them.
you are the best!
How is it I get followed by random spam like or ?
The Office is on ESPN, oh wait that is just Kevin Stallings from Vanderbilt
Join us LIVE now for Erick Weber Fan Page's final show!
: RT : 2 Oklahoma State women's basketball coaches among 4 killed in plane crash, university says.
Yesterday Mitt was in Clive, the Iowa suburb whose name Emma (in SPARKS) thinks sounds like a venereal disease.
Jus know where im going, I ain't there yet.
I know! Its all good though
I need to write a blog about these free edu offerings. I'm all for it, but must admit I wonder re the size of the classes, interaction?
remember when #umn dissolved the Grad School to essentially fire the clerical staff? and it somehow STILL exists via $$$ admins?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-68
My trx class this morning was awesome! But now my entire body is stiff, makes the class more awesome! Bam!
seriously! When will my pie teleported be ready?!
RT : Design your resume to fit the job you're applying to. There is no "one-size-fits-all" resume when applying to diff jobs.
you're such a manly man lol.
ah do you need a ride. even though you ended our relationship today I still
i know huhh cant wait to talk to you when skewl starts
what times is Tony Plush on 2morrow?
Empire of the Senseless
And then I used my thinned-out leeks to make a roasted potato dish. And dropped a giant glass skillet lid.
Dear Tiger Woods, Please stop sucking in majors. Make Augusta your bitch beginning tomorrow. That is all.
Your twitter is almost as sexy as you are.
Well be there tomorrow!
ALCS on Fox now. Pregame stuff.
You honestly never cared did you?
RT : doesn't F5 work in firefox? Yup, just tried it. THANK YOU!
We are at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week. Come and see us at booth #3 to enter our FREE book prize draw!!
im heading to Bummerfest around 2 with my work team. @ me where I can find you!
My room was clean, but then I had to decide what to wear.
Life is simple, it's just not easy. ~Author Unknown
Fakers don't last in this industry.
we will succed like last tie
Don't allow people 2 steal ur joy..it takes more energy 2 be angry..then it does 2 love..keep it classy ladies....
I will be & am looking forward to seeing for the first time.
Got to book early! RT : Waitlisting for a room for #Balticon. Curse you lovely popular con!!
Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunities. Keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
crap. and I thought I made pretty good money. union?
Did I miss this discussion?
school started last week, meaning focus is averted from making new artwork, but please check out my current sale www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
that pisses me off less than the white people who would prefer to be black.
I'm trying to figure out wedding songs!
Hahahaha okay!! Thanks :)
A person sheds about 1.5 million skin flakes an hour, most of which becomes embedded in our carpets.
How does one respond to that?
Night night
I get in my car, & the first thing comes on the radio is my favorite "Original" #YMCMB #HipHopNation AllSmiles4Me
I want to just pass out, today just feels like a crap day .-.
Don't Use Y.O.L.O As An Excuse To Be A HOE
My team ROCKS!! Good job WinterHawks. Game one in the win column!!
maybe he's recording new songss ? Idk
Whoa god, someone in my lit class is dressed as a woman today. Oh boy.
At Waffle House..bout to get it in
I vow to tweet more in 2012
thanks! It was probably the best impulse buy I've made. Haha.
Hey, man!
One of the very few comedians I appreciate these days. No crass language, just FUN-NY! >>
i just spit my drink hahah
I got a letter from Google the other day, opened it, read it, said they were suckers / wanted me 2 verify my Places or whatever
wow thank you so much!
pat Houston cuz
I just tried to imagine my life without Motown and got really sad. Never again.
Are you referring to me posting random history facts? Thought you would appreciate.
Big Different Between a Hoe and Classy Lady!!!!!
that's awesome. Thanks so much for coming in last night
Good morning everyone.Hope ya'll have a great day.peace and love Sam Thompson
You pressed your mouth on mine and fed me a star Then said we never, can truly, know who we are.
I Just Wanna Get Up There..
ahh i love you guys(: thanks so much for following :D you guys should checkout ! <3 have a fantastic weekend! xoxo
FSU is trying there best to give this game away!!!
I love you
cause he needs observation hours to become a teacher
That was the best 2:42 of my life!
Stockpiling #longreads like there's no tomorrow.
I love your book on Celine Dion! My graduate student cohort at UCLA read it for our intro to musical research seminar
Hell yeah! :)
No problem, thank you too! If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new one coming on Thurs too!
does it smell like pompous diarrhea? RT : Be sure to stop by today. I will officially be launching my new fragrance.
#What2ChainzWouldSay .. 2 Chaaaaainz! I walk in then I TURN UP.. Extendo that I BURN UP..
Friday! Out to shop with hopefully a stop for a bottle of vino tonight.
I feel great today! I think the supplements are working!
My #archaeology professor told me my essay was "flat & textbooky like an encyclopedia entry".
Congress has decided to place the New Jersey Battalions, under Lord Stirling in East Jersey near to the New York area.
Caps lost, 1 step closer to another game 7
Buenos dias miami and all of Latin America most attractive live video chat line so u can keep in touch with fam,friends & make new friends.
just got to have faith, DW and LBJ won't let this team quit, if LBJ wants the ring as bad as he says he will get it done
Quit being a pansy.
How'd you like our new club?? RT : Pregaming at Smokin Hot Aces inside Venetian! We pregame harder than u party!! Lol
“: when is Happy Aunties Day?” Every day is Happy Aunties Day.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  44
Oh, now I'm getting the concept of "iconic spirit."
started writing a song using Garage Band on my iPad 2!!
Some things you just can't unsee.
Fuck this shit im about to @ her ass!
ill be at the bronco steeler game tomorrow.. Getting wasted..lol
So if anyone is up for giving me like a massage or something, I'll totally pay you in chocolate covered peanuts.
“: I play for my team, but especially for my pitcher #WeGotYou”
When the hot persons sad everyone cares but when the ugly persons sad everyone is like oh.
Hahaha you so silly. Just a few more friends like Monie :) No one I think you know, actually....
Hot guy in a convertible....shirtless....
I hate Duke and I believe that they are incredibly talented with every position covered...they have all the pieces. .
just leave it 2 hours and heat. then rinse your hair with cold water!
more interesting reading on being multilingual via Blog: Immigrant parents’ views on children’s bilingualism -...
I would love to see the "pretty girls" in my school remove their make up.
Beyond depressed by the food options in Stillwater, OK.
My dude from PTI just picked the Niners to win the Superbowl yeah!!!
thanks for checking it out! glad to see the stylish ladies actually like it :)
We just ordered soo much chinese
yo Justin. How is the married life. I miss you guys. Guess what I'm moving to Cali this yr. sometime this summer.
Indeed I am. And at my advanced middle-age I may very well be one of the oldest cadets ever to enter the academy
OK now we wait, I will bet you money I will get like 50 followers by tonight... oh yeah..I got car, home Fxxxing monkey if you wanna pay??
oh My god!!! What the hell?! Hahaahahahahahbaha
Bucks fan!
Pakistan has given the United States permission to interview bin Laden’s wives... as long as we promise not to turn it into a reality show.
&quot;what strikes me is the power of saying no as it relates to experiment and innovation. No, we&#39;re going to do this differently&quot;
It is A birthplace, but not THE. There are limitless others, amongst them empathy, curiosity, despair, boredom, longing. . .
Watch Ozploitation doc Not Quite Hollywood on #netflix streaming. Watching Tarantino geek out over exploitation cinema is pure entertainment
I was watching #IAmLegend on my lunch break. "what are you doing out here Fred?!?!" haha
I tell students that citing is like linking on the web/Facebook-people like it better when you link to good stuff.
About to grab me something to eat at Crappy
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Thanks for the #ff :)
my nigga Glenn real as they come.
Impromptu Vegas with besties...just now hitting the town...WASTED!!!
I miss the days when Shannan would bring in a FA and not let them leave until they signed with the Broncos...
Why did Maroon 5 name their new song and sing about using a "Pay Phone" - It makes no sense. Who the hell uses a Pay Phone anymore? No one.
To the people who tweet about every waking moment of their life: news flash
App v. Mobile. Nice that some apps provides a quiet (no alert) update on ur mobile device. Don't have to click thru.
So fucking stupid. So stupid.
For today: Human Nature's "Don't You Want Me, Baby?", and Melissa Ethridge's "I'm The Only One" to name a few.
Want to see something gross? Try chewing 4 or 5 different colored Razzles for about a minute and then open your mouth into a mirror.
happy national eat what you want day.
I'm doing very good,how about u?
I guess, after this, people will pay attention.
Sometimes I start to think about the many ways that certain people annoy me. Then I remember they don't sit around thinking about me.
Merry Christmas!
Wrapping up shooting with this afternoon!
Dont let people dictate the pace you've set for yourself
Mad Men
"The materials of Native New England" have been dispersed all over the US, Canada, & Europe; digitization can reunite them.
Committee is delayed as many anti-Planned Parenthood audience members are removed from the room.
You bet. Thanks for the add!
hey all you #fashionbloggers ! we've got a challenge for you. :)
Alright UK just settle down.
Breaking News!!!!!! Mark your calendars. The first of the Build Day of the year will be September 18th!! RT NOW
Great to see you! Hope to see you again on Sunday! RT Heading to with to see "The Big Meal"
Uhh... ^^;;; How do you "fulfill your purpose" by obtaining a grant?
#iReallyHateWhenPeople don't follow me back !
Crawfish today at 4pm. Get ready for some monster crawdaddies.
Gotcha. Well, just let it happen. :)
Old Country Hungarian Sausages today! Triple Chocolate Brownies with Walnuts
Maye I will get more painting in tonight when her sister is home. Tell then just taking care of her and having a little tea for me.
#LGBT MT 'No U.S. president has ever supported a major expansion of civil rights that has not been adopted by the U.S. people'
BRo! i walk to my car to find a huge dent in my front bumper.
Thank you to for coming to last night! Great comedy show by the Avalancheros
you already know I'm throwing that in my mix!
Thank you
How are you feeling today? Good, right?! RT : ok. starting right now. in the studio. :)
ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS. SPREAD THE WORD.
#masterchefau when you watch online you get less ads
Browns may already be done signing free agents.
RAGE to have team meeting that lays out everything in Feb. Stay tuned for date and location
Is there no end to clips of Santorum proving, on film, that he is a tool? #uppers It warms my heart
good luck Lindsay Lou! <3
So you're the one watching!
Off to New York
lol ive actually been w/o since like 07 when i moved out of the Town...i occasionally go back for one tho...you just gotta
Awkward moment when youre laser tagging and your name is "swagge" and the girl after you makes her name "swag"...the hell girl!
Except I really love boys, y'all.
What are you talking about? UofL is gonna be there. (You left the door wide open for that one!)
#20ThingsAboutMe I get bored with guitar a lot of the time 'cos I learn music so easily, it's like that's just it. On to the next song.
I can't stop the bleeding.
Norwegian Swimming Star Alexander Dale Oen Passes at Age 26: Fan Remembrance
@ is kind enough to provide excellent food and drink each night at COBO! Come hungry, leave happy! Don't forget to tip.
woot! found $7 in my truck! now i'm walking 'round like a Big Shot w $10 in my pocket!
I've heard that before getting engaged we will run into/hear from exes! This is something I am not looking forward to. www.kissandim.com
Gonna miss having around El Paso though
to. Forgot 2 and we have a case of wine!
oh yea, 1 unfenced & they just built a full fenced. Bout time Columbus caught up with Chicago on getting some good dog parks.
MSN says it is no longer "super chic" to have hair blown out so straight it does not move. I've never liked that look! Yay!
Thanks for the follow! We are honored :)
Why is there traffic at 11 pm
#IAmBelieberBecause Justin said "Close your eyes and Pray" he is an uplifting human being and person. And I love him for that
Heat forward Chris Bosh will have an MRI on his abdominal strain to determine the severity.
Actually is missing everything.
Resident Evil taught me how to organize all my green herbs. =) hey-O!
Thank YOU for making life more fun. =)
Let us know your favorite part of the exhibit!
I love NYC!!! I love the people here...I love the crazy smell...the energy...I love myself when I am here!
I just might twitter date someone
Some of the ships that will visit the harbor hold 700-800 people. 80 ships will be sailing into the harbor from June 13-19th.
yea I agree...but despite how disturbing it really is I find it oddly entertaining
Not at all. I like conversation about real stuff. We're not all sure most of the time.
WAHHHHHH?? Let's see it!
I dunno. Stir fry pizza is one of those things that could wind up being surprisingly decent.
Watching "Family Guy"
I am in such a bitchy mood today.
": The dance that I miss the most is heard em all and I wasn't even in it.."all I remember was the 4 #pirrouettes hahaha
shapeology does learning 2010, pretty cool.
follwo me PLEASE
Stopped at a traffic light next to a construction crew. What's blaring through the stereo? "2 Become 1".
Howard Stern -- Penis Jokes on 'America's Got Talent' Debut
We have in the studio today! Tweet your questions for them, , or to
Lets go pens
Watching client play his ex-teammates for the 1st time.
“: I follow you!?!” my apologies, u sir are a great American, and a great man. I'm honored u follow me
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
“: Titans meeting with Peyton Manning...” he did go to University of Tennessee
You can search these items by decade or era
Yes! Please don't make me stare at everyone - come over and say hi.
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area. Draft will be Next SatorSun.Fee is only 25-50.Live!!
RT - Lets fucking go Miami Dolphins baby
Yes. Circular firing squad forms. RT : Tony Perkins says consensus choice of huddling conservatives is Santorum for president.
": Whoa I just had two cocks in my ass... At the same time!!! U can see it on www.AsaAkira.com" what a filthy strumpet!
#KIROConnect Forecast: Mostly Cloudy, dry, temps near 40. Chilly overnight in mid 40s but staying dry! perfect twitter weather
Hungry children = slower growth, more trouble learning, lower school attendance & lower achievement
I just tore off my ACL writing this tweet. By ACL I mean 'annoying caps lock'.
needs to be warmer so i can bronze my cheeks
He needs to come over so shit can get started! And never end
Had one of the best meals of my life last night in SF at Isa.. Highly recommend it! Now time for some fun in the sun with my besties!!
only map burrito recipes
Oh... that sounds interesting!
Vanilla Candles >
Happy Holidays everyone!
Ah, going to miss you so much it's not even remotely funny DDX <\3
Leggoo Giants and Rangers! ;D
Y'all are beggign for the rough side of my tongue. Esp you,
#Relationshiptips -Give the other person some space. Seriously.
God bless you brother!
He is growing up so fast
March for Babies
our 1000th follower gets to cut 's hair. he doesn't know yet, we'll tell him later.
Good Stuff Bruins...Keep your Head up..
Bill Lyon~ If at first you dont succeed find out if the loser gets anything.
my room is always open
I'm glad my headphones double as ear warmers, otherwise I'd be screwed today!
Your damned if you do and your damned if you don't.
1 shot to the brain order three more shots im goin in im on my level
Still not finished with my bedroom i have totally not finished it from last night Yay not
Stuck in traffic because of a wreck. I always hate to see this...
People watching without getting caught is a skill I have yet to master
I write notes on my phone and eventually forget about them.. them when I run into them again. I'm a bit inspired. Comes from...
#TheWayITreatMyMan support him in everything he wants to do
I wish EVERYONE of my followers would follow ..He's the reason I'm here right now and inspires so many <33..Love you Josh :D
Step brothers is funny af
If lookin like #BillGates & #BarackObamas love child is havin swag Then #SwagIsDead RT I look like Bill Gates mixed with Obama
RT : actionable awesomeness!
I'm so glad everyone goes 55 through work zones...
Love makes me a weak man. I'm not afraid to admit it.
yeah if that's cool with you.
I love when someone gets one popular song then suddenly they think they are all that and make a million new songs that are terrible.
Was going to tell him 260K
Cowlitz Co. dispatch has confirmed that a small plane crashed into the Columbia River near Sandy Island... we're trying to get more details
If you have an interview coming up tomorrow, suggests giving yourself plenty of travel time so there’s no need to stress.
Proud to be Me ^^
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen retweets you but you've tweeted at him telling him you miss him &he never tweeted back or texted you!
LMAO I know. Sad face. P3=Easter at USC.
so i cant find my directions to my project.
So it is. I'm enjoying it with my sister.
#SomeWomenCantStand Up For Themselves... (You Get It)
Thank you
She will and she can find a man who knows her worth. Cause a real man knows a real woman when he sees her...
Great reception in the Verizon Center. Who knew?
TY ma'am! Really appreciate that
Sounds like she's having a Hannah moment.
I miss you.
Heading down to uic for the night with ! Pumped to see and everyone from home.
Lol ok I didnt think anything would be more fun than facebook, but then twitter came
Get the demographic u need to increase ur fan base n have ur videos seen globally. We guarantee real people who are interested in ur music.
very good possibility
Simultaneously hoping for snow and no snow day.
what about #Cisco?
Well we hope you get better soon!
Anyways Hello world!
There's gotta be something positive going. You are breathing and typing right. Remain optimistic and anything's possible.
Tired as heck, but happy that I'm back in the gym! Looking forward to doing this 4 days a week this summer!
yep, the account. wonder what's that supposed to indicate...
I am such a big fan, i love you,your music, and your acting so much, Ur amazing<3 i hope u see this :((<3 i love you!<33 xoxo
New Online Course Facilitates Undergraduate Public Health Instruction
“: I like your tweets >.>” Well thanks! I love your glasses:)
A new day...means a fresh day, whatever happen yesterday is gone..enjoy God's gift and that's the new sun you see today.
"HULK REFUSE TO USE HIS BIG GREEN MUSCLES AS SYMBOL OF CULTURAL DOMINATION" writes "CHALLENGE MALE PRIVILEGE!"
Now's a good time to tune in to The Announcement!
love love loove love love loove lo lo lo love
With this weather, it's only right that I take a ride and burn one with my favorite bitch, aka yo bitch!
Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn music branding tips that can help you get noticed!
yea well nice talkin to ya i gtg now cya
I really like how Solange turned out.
no, it didn't work and I backed up the line....
I love this Blake shelton song!
RT : RT : Congrats to Congresswoman-elect Kathy Hochul for her victory tonight in NY's 26th District.
Oh, it's nearly 4:30 and I'm hearing the sounds of a blender outside my office - love that sound this time of day :)
Where the fuck did all these kids come from O.o?
Man...that looked really bad
Say you'll stay, don't come and go...
Tom Aldana from Super Star Tattoo giving out free Tattoo Gift Cards while guest bartending with Maddie tonight at the Monkey!!
Game over, that's all the run support I'll need
Copper bars? Oddly interesting. What do those even look like?
Give your consumers a peek "inside the tent." They love to share what others can't get.
I hope her residuals last... RT had actress say: "listen, I have 8 nationals running & I'm not avail for the cb anyway."
Gearing up for another sold out tour in the - what are you all doing for dinner tonight???
this is an official fan page tell hin to follow and your amazig
What did U do with your real teefus?
Have a beard. Does that mean I have to write a novel?
You know it's meant to be if he's like your best friend, lover, and bro all in one:)
The horoscope id thingy was so right about me. Lol.
... Dmac buddy I'm with you it's over Denver had 2 shoots and missed both times ... Manning going elsewhere time to accept that
Still chasing that trinket on a stick? LOL
o so we married now
Daniel Day Lewis, if only because the performance is so iconic it lifted a relatively low-earning film into the public consciousness.
today is just great :)
The Group Travel Leader team would like to thank all of our followers, new and old!
Down Down Do Your Dance.(; Cupid Shuffle(:
lol you don't want do that D
you know I'm mad jealous right now? Been busy, not up to date. What's the project?
NF MY FUTURE FRIEND
haha - social media manager (it's kind of an obvious one...)
oh my gawd. Yeah we do.
I'm in where do I sign up for the skip lines pass? I would also like a pass that allows for two tacos per day during SXSW
would love a ticket to Thursday's show, please!
needa take my ass to sleep.
We are standing by to present a fun webinar series: "Become the Manager Everyone Wants to Work For." What makes your manager great?
Looking for a new adult couple's #BibleStudy to do with a small group. Any suggestions?
He always knows how to make me smile
I recently DVRed Housesitter and can't believe how well it holds up. Clothes, no. Jokes, 100% yes. Just as hilarious as when I was 10.
I travel everywhere. Please let me know how I can help out you or your clients.
If I win I'll put on my ray bans & slide down the W hallway sipping it in my socks! RT: Vote 4 "Whiskey Business"! tinyurl.com/3z3aokt
Now in seventh watching a movie the day will end pretty good
Go see at the Hard Rock Cafe at 12th & Market tonight. Joe will be there! Say hi!
Missing my Mpls PR peeps at the Bash tonight! #abcbash11 Can't wait to see the pics!
Well, not really. Nobody I want to be serious with :)
oh #writing ones... join me in #writing about today's photo prompt? www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
Best screenplay #midnight in Paris -not surprised amazing concept and writing. It takes a lot to recreate legends
I work to hard to be ballin on a budget
Having no car sucks :/
Thanks for coming, Kate!
Im watching Ellen ;D
I hate when I`m listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I`m hearing my name being called.
got my screen shot app again i am just so happy ok
We are getting schooled here by on - upstream, downstream, and every other type of stream
re: so want to read 3rd gr responses to DeShawn but link appears broken. Try again? It's one of our favorites at KLU!
Once again it's a great day to be a #Blazer in
Last Day this week
#favoritesportsrant "No runs on one hit...one hit? That's all we got was 1 GD hit?!?
if time is money, does that mean an ATM is a time machine? I mean, maybe it stands for A Time Machine
Don't know what game you were playing, but it sure wasn't Mass Effect.
"Poor wandering one..."
so r we if we're readin this #imjustsayin 
Hey, sounds fun, Jennifer! Enjoy!!
Quite the thing when you can follow an unarmed kid, initiate altercation w/ him, shoot him, then claim self defense.
No, he's not perfect. He's a human and he's flawed. But he's perfect to me, and he's perfect for me and that's all that matters.
This dude needa hurry up.. Always talkin bout I'll be there in an hour.. Um where tf are you?!
I can't stand the fact that ur there nd I can't kiss u :(
Baseball season has barely began, but there are already a ton of long term injuries to many players
Researching DYI Ombre Hair color. Trying to make my ingrowing roots look passable
And #GWU #UpwardBound, Pres Knapp, is crossing borders everyday and spreading education across DC, reaching the underrepresented 24/7.
tht sucks did he even know you got it?Glad u got in tho!! I am looking at a possible residency in Orlando so will keep u posted <3
And congratulations! Boy or Girl? How exciting. I would love to catch up!
lucky cop!
can't wait to meet you
Can I get some Goodmorning Mentions??
Dont think im goin to sleep tonight
i KNOW THat tweet is about me
MT from agent : Someone please send me a literary thriller (along the lines of Tana French's fiction)
I'm only here cause your a faggot.
Don't text me anymore..you're the same as the rest of them.
I am already on it. just started following you on
Nice #Royals #MLB ⚾
thanks for the RT! love the size of that guy
I was chillin at the beach, I can't beat 5-5 nl anyway. You ready for Ft Laud round 2??? Wheres ?
Seattle's Coolest Santa and a couple of the elves will be on the O Deck from 11am-5pm today and Saturday! Come and tell Santa what you want!
#Mobile. Think mobile first the 4" screen. Growth w/kids and developing countries. 1B mobile devices 75% CAGR, Tablets CAGR?!
“: My mom just asked why am I even going to school if we arent doing anything and I was like... I totally don't know.”
RT : Remember you have till 7PM to make donations online or via telephone. The best number to call is 214.346.5500. Thank you!
There is no "D" in Baylor
Just finished watching terrific #photography #documentary on Ovation channel: Shelby Adams and families in
Just walked past a couple of cops on Broadway who were uploading photos to Instagram and giggling. Way to go, Seattle.
I got unwittingly stuck in Dalai Lama traffic Sunday evening near the U and became appropriately enraged.
T.G.I. FUCK yea! it's FRIDAY!
It's ALMOST Friday folks!!! Grab a stiff one & enter the weekend running. Gonna be beautiful out Friday & Saturday- don't be scurd!!!
Thanks for referencing us Kathryn; first extension of curatescape tool beyond , , available.
Congrats justin....hope you have a wonderful day bcoz of that kiss hahaha by the way congratulations again
the original Ryder Cup
Matt and Nick argue with the referee when he won't hand over the title belts. Matt and Nick roll out of the ring and attack the Ants.
This game is going to kill me...
100+ fever...cool.
#FF peeps are all artists who share what they know:
Raeanna is brewing your Tea!
We're all sold out! Thanks for the love today! We'll see y'all tomorrow.
yep! Visiting my grandparents for the weekend.
Ghosts of boyfriends past. Will be the name of my shoegazer act. It will consist of me hitting random notes on a keyboard & melancholy verse
Life is evolving into its greatest. What are you doing with your moments of evolution and what souls are you touching for the Kingdom? It…
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss! What's your favorite Seuss story?
LOL I wouldn't kno RT : IT IS WITH THE RITE PENIS AROUND :D RT : I guess rain is an aphrodisiac
pineapple express >
Spa Spy: Tschuggen Grand Hotel, Arosa, Switzerland
I donut like guys that take more pictures than I do. Or post more pictures of themselves for that matter.
Just tapped a fresh keg of Hoptimum Imperial IPA $10 growler fill with no limit & $3 pints plan to go through 3 more
yep. i would know because i am one of them
we're making an album. It's going to go double myrrh.
where you at bro?
while it gives me satisfaction, I wouldn't mind if all spammers were permanently eradicated & I never had to again ;)
What do you look for in good writing submission? Our guest judge says she looks for writing that is dangerous. Tell us yours
Will you be working there regularly, or is this just a short-term gig?
Everyone! The single flyin' so high is almost here, so hand on tight! #TeamShunte is coming soon.
Oprah sans ridiculous giveaways and guests...we're on the verge of boredom.
ur parts were kept me awake in think like a man
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of our supporters & partners, and all fighting hunger in Milwaukee this holiday season
Shoulda took the under...I just didn't realize how BAD Sam Bradford really was...for making millions he is simply terrible
thought that too that's why I'm surprised he's not a politian - yet
Inequality-fighting&losing that Battle since Joe&Chris's Hero:Ronald RayGun
Can't wait until warm weather is here for good!
It's hard to find jeans with a smaller waist size than length but I found them!
I had $1.70 on my card and she still let me on. Oops.
I don't want to get into Yelp, because I'm worried about getting negative reviews for my vagina : /
Shocking RT The only way to make everyone happy - 8-team playoff. Which is allegedly what the BCS suits don't want. Go figure.
Having a very difficult time listening to a speaker with really annoying speech patterns.... "right?" "right?" "right?" omg.
wow..big ole fish
“: here's to the kids who know what it's like to lose a million friends.”
Jay, I think it's up to you to spearhead the campaign! :)
soon! We're shooting a video right now lol. We have big plans for next year :)
i like that criss cross thing he did yes cant wait till the billboard awards
thank you!
Roomba has changed my life and Willett has some entertainment.
great job at pomona and good luck the rest of the season.
What's your best memory from abroad?
I would die In Vegas. A bed would be were I put my empty bottles and passed out strippers. Hoping they don't steal my $30 Samsonite Bag.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Mary H. Waldrip~ A laugh is a smile that bursts.
we r tenants of the rio but we have party with VNI this sat will talk to them about it Vince is doin freebie concert sat nite
How was everything on Saturday Night?
THIS IS A DEMO TWEET
"Jazz Crush" 4 days 2 go. Wine/food and jazz at Sawyer House of Yakima! Tickets only available for two more days! Nice group so far...fun!
Omg i just seen Salma Hayek in a burger king commercial ordering salad so racist and degrading just kidding haha
thanks for following us! USC should show our film, ! Email us if you want to.
Assembling a "Coalition of willing universities" would be hard. So would be migrating editors, authors to other venues.
Is it working?
Stole My Heart Playing in Old Navy <3
ok then ;) Only if you like metal though if metal scares you you might not like it ahahah
Just realized that I got tweeted by Master Yoda. Also realized that he has no sense of humor.
makes you wonder what Roddenberry was up to in the 40s!
Woo doggy!!! It is hot as heck in my black Honda Odyssey. Dang!!! But yay sun in Pittsburgh.
whatever i just wanted a smurf :(
Yay look: RT : Opening sentence Shaviro: What is it like to be a rock?
I have not tried that one but def recommend getting the mixer!!! It makes the kitchen complete ;)
I would love to catch this- when do you think it will be slated for?
I left a comment on their page and will RT
Night off.. wishing it could be tomorrow so I can watch the Hawks and Mavs kick ass.
third testing
There is no failure except in no longer trying. by-Elbert Hubbard
What's stopping kids to sign up for these accounts? Facebook, Google+, YouTube, etc
ahahahah thanks :D and it's okay
Shoutout!! Follow these monsters!
At your next lunch meeting impress your VIPs with a selection of our paninis, salads & Agua Fresca. Box lunches are so 2003. 619.255.2856
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.
I visited my hood LFC Queens theres always tragic news some1 got shot they say da good die young all dat mean 2 me is da hood die young
Roommate had me walking all over smyrna...smh...it's hot outside in case yall didn't know
I've got dog hair, link, some wooly yarn in several stations around the yard. She's ignored them thus far. :)
Be sure to check your DMs! Thanks!
I would have rather had a Code Red. Yum!
I like that idea, I'll have to check them out. I thought you meant the kind that swings back a forth for a sec!
Houses on canvas, not siding! RT : Nice! I thought they painted houses. : Images of Orig.Artfrom REAL Pitmen Painters.
hell yea fake ass pussy ass niggas thinkif they smoke they pussy rating going up #FUCKOUTTAHERE WIT DA SHIT
#11000 Tweet goes to...... for being fucking awesome!
not to mention the stellar defense (including that outfield assisted DP)
"when I get where im goin, dont cry for me down here"
lets make it happen Cap'n!
Pinnacle Entertainment adjusted profit tops Street
Bet You Gotta Phone On You.!
Not this one. She is aware that phone = camera. Hates it. can confirm.
Still catching up on emails from the last few days...will get to everyone today. I promise!
Morning Dolls, u can do anything just remember the 4c's curiosity, confidence, courage & constancy. They worked for Walt Disney. Be Greater
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt have peace breezzy
Thanks MB! & I are trying to see if we have any $ left for #educon #weddingbills + I wld need to pay out of pocket sub
looking to rent in Beacon Hill, know any good realty companies?
aww so cute <3 I have music with him tomorrow if I were u i would be soo jealous!!
I dislike this weather, ~.~
Im home take me drunk
For him, not for me!
only have 9.5 right now on them kd galaxy
Don't get ya head bust nigga
just got off a basketball game...
does that mean I get to design my own room? Master bath for me. What's that Jim jones...? #Ballin!!
What are some arguments for and against the death penalty?
RT : Congrats all Maine Teachers of the Year nominees. Great ceremony and dinner in Augusta these past two days!
You're in San Diego? You didn't tell me you were coming to SoCal. Neither did
Sometimes I close my eyes and imagine what it would look like if they were open
wants to hear regulators :) I don't want to push my luck, but wed love you forever
Curt menefee???? Are you kidding me? #ufc #fox sucks
Seeing the lakers like this >>>>
Pregnant snooki, just what this world needs...
Keep your goals in mind today
im not sayin i would wait for you but i am saying I'd rather be with you then someone else.
YES YES YES ! SOMEONE WHO'S WITH ME!
The link doesn't work. :-(
Abbey pub show went great !! Cant wait to do it again ! Still looking for musicians !
I knew it! Jessica Lange won on #SAGawards for best actress in a drama series.
And that is where we differ. But what do I know, I'm just a content producer. RT Literary market is not unlike any other market.
“: You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup? You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag.” Mac miller subtweet
I'm still bored by famine.
Big fat zig zag1 I fill you up from my bag! Let's have a party! Proceed to party! I smoke you big, end inhale deep, w/ a big grin I go to sl
Is at my house. She's crazy.
thanks! we've been in beta a couple of months.
#LiberalHistoricalFigureNames: Proof that not only haven't most people on Twitter read a history book, they haven't read a history wiki.
Great solutions shared at Assembly Committee hearing on Boy&Men of Color. Now we need to invest! Follow & support
Thanks 2 for putting us at 600. It may just be a round composite integer, but we appreciate it
oh no! and ive been insanely busy too, oiy. and as for your hosting company, whaddafook??
There are two days every month (take a guess) where I experience such terrible muscle and joint paint that my knuckles actually hurt :(
Seattle says they didn't know anything... Something about Pineda's 2nd half stats last year make me think they knew though..
We officially love Dallas :)
i'm seriously coming to your house to swim sometime
- I just saw your tweet :-)! Thank u
Ladies would you have a problem with a man giving you an engagement ring that he had given to 300 women before you?
off to school. I love college, but why do classes have to be so early in the morning. Why can't I be a morning person and a night owl?
I wonder if the Academic Commons at Oxy would be up for hanging an Arduino-based interactive banner designed & built by students &
I can't wait until Summer.
eww and Tranny J is on it too...
“: Spread POSITIVE energy.”
Playing xbox 360
YOUR A.M.A.Z.I.N.G
Excited and nervous about tomorrow night's standup comedy session
Led Zep 3. Long time since I played that thru. Can fit Gods work everywhere & still have room for chores. Nice
NFL Preseason starts Sunday! Come in to FOX and hang out with our bartender Lindsay, and watch the Cowboys take on the Bengals!
Go where?! Haha. This tweet didn't pop up in a convo. for some reason.
Tonight we're @ The Greenroom w/ Waiting for Brantley.
do you have a website! I'm eager to learn more about your show.
Thanks for the follow Billy
#nowplaying Wale Feat. Meek Mill & Rick Ross / Maybach Music Group-Self Made - Play Your Part on Rock Dat Beat Radio (Rock) with
Hahahaha! Love it! #MEAT!!
Oh hahahahah okay girl!
Today is payday. I'm reading CHUCK COLLINS - 90 TO 1. A book about wealth inequality. You know what that means. The poor need more.
ha I'm glad you're takin him, best class I ever took
Can the Knicks win another gme?
thanks! “: Yes! RT : RT : Congrats to & on their SEJ award
To those with monobrows.... I don't usually go on the internet....but when I do... Eyebrows-e
Koch says no data or anecdotes to suggest schools will kick more students out
Sleeping naked >
St. Xavier strands a runner on 3rd, and after 4.5 innings Eastern maintains 8-6 lead. Lefty Britt back to mound for Tigers in B5.
Today Phil's Friends begins building our new database. This will allow us bring hope to more people affected by cancer.
then find where it says <body> then copy and paste the code under the body
Is #SashaBaronCohen shows his face on stage tonight. I'm switching the channel
I agree with you xD!
Joe if that's your name... Get off my Glee and New Directions okay.? I don't like you from day one.
haha calling an NFL qb an idiot, u my friend are beyond brainless! Clearly u know nothing about football
Tune in to WREK Radio 91.1FM for Lost in the Stacks pm. We're rocking out to music from Let's Wrestle, The Wood Bros., Tom Waits & more.
So good seeing you today dear... Hugs:):)
turnin up on some #westcoastshit right now
We are gettin' REEL excited for this Thursday's movie at the Denver Film Center...tickets at outwardbounddenver.org.
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans and Creative Cloud
"what part of the tree is the peanut?"
Daniel 9:25-To follow Masoretic accentuation or not to follow it, that is the question.
#iwannameet and tell him happy birthday (in 4 hours) :)
Put a sip of henny is the farest I would go
you do, quit complaining ;)
no problem thank you too
FANS being the key word :) Thanks again, and we will see you and all of the great fans in Atlanta on June 4/5!
Cold - Kanye West
The mall was empty. However, everybody in the mall had either red or blue on.
Now taking applications for live entertainers. Next season will have 20 games = 20 shows! Need somewhere to perform.
oh it's okay:))
Shocking. RT : Sorry. I'm drinking gin :) " : Yes, I fixed that already.”"
I know nothing about this sleeping in thing. *sigh*
when it comes to movies and TV what you see on the screen is fact for that story, you may not like it but you cannot deny it
Watching Lion King in french 3. The whole movie in french w/ french subtitles lol.
feeling bad for right now, but I've got plenty of open work on my stuff for anyone that's just itching to make unauthorized pushes
RT : 1 Gig community network in Cleveland enables HD video health care services
Given how weak the job inquires are, it ought to be easy for good writers to stand out and find work. Not that it is, but it ought to be.
its your table lol.... Eat naked if you want to lol
It's super cute when our 2 year old son is asking for "Yucky Charms!"
lol I'm bored 2 and good I had a half day cuz of exams :/. You ?
Seriously Miami, step it up with the music scene. Got some talent down here you're wasting. #kitfisto #north&south
#NFAIS Device profiles vary drastically around the world. Another reason to know your audience.
AOH members Hal Maples and Mark Keever are now BHS candidate judges and heading to category school! Congrats guys!
Thanks Frank! RT : had a great set last night. Can't wait for that new album.
Looking back on my past experiences I am greatfull that God granted my favor & plenty of forgiveness.
#mystrangeaddiction fried pickles,
Im listening to a bunch of Chris brown songs right not. Its so amazing how has change from when he was 16& cute to grown&Sexy :)
no originality for whiteout? Ed, our colors are black and white…what did you want us to do? Pinkout?
Staying away from gossip will set you apart to minister effectively...dare to be a great leader for Christ!
Nice to see the Bee aligning with the forces of good in the food truck war with the Sac City Council.
Try an implicit association test rgr.cc/w82nR9 to determine your prejudice to the environment around you.
happy holidays fellow Pittsburgher! #staysafe and
definitely excited for #Chicago we need to go see the 5 story Ulta this time
Big moment, nervous but hope to come out victorious at the end of the day. 💪
Damn working out is amazing ^-^ Ima be fit for summer doe. ❤
All these girls in this room have tattoos... And thry all hoochies..
I did not know! But now that I do, I guess I can say that I'm reading Soul Music, by Terry Pratchett to celebrate.
Yeah, in fact, they've been publicly discussing it for a while. RT : I think Wikipedia planned this shit.
Wost thing ever. When u tweet somebody like &I get a mention thinkin its him when its some random person Why me! .__.
RT : You're not ready for your next if you're still trying to impress your ex.
oh shit a ladder homes? I stand on a chair homie!
I tweet that everyday *shrugs*
This part you think Apple would have figured out by now… really. The store down because of too much traffic?
We feel like you are fam! "It is not flesh & blood but the heart which makes us fathers & sons." Johann Schiller
yup, the tamales are in the hot deli at El Rey. We had the chicken :) pico de gallo always good bet to go with them.
First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do. -Epictetus
... Dot dot dot
no. You may be the last Nickelback fan in America. :---)
p-word
Have all the gripes you want about THE KILLING but the cast is great. Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are amazing.
I am in such a good mood today!
Thanks for the follow - it's always to nice to see other local PR people on here!
Following discussion at Women in Science Symposium 2010 Tag #2010wis Wish I was there!
....then the Hans Fogle show in the Eastern Panhandle on WEPM at 9:30 am for more get out the vote message!
Pulp on the radio. Car headed desert-ward. !!
Watching the Skating and Gymnastics Spectacular!
Making a running playlist! Yipee!!
FOLLOW ONE OF THE HOTTEST IN THE GAME RIGHT NOW!!!
Chen wow! 2 k's in the top of the first including Lord Hamilton
thanks for the follow and thanks for mentioning me :-)
high school reunion and of course the Connors
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho.
“: Cross the line if you always seem to hurt the people that you care most about. And it kills you.”
I've been neglecting twitter for the past 2 days :/
How can ppl say they love college when you have so much h.w
working on some wigs for a production of Dangerous Liasons today - a favorite play AND favorite period.
Big week ahead - recovering from weekend guests, moving offices at work, job interview, undergrad conference, working 35 consecutive days..
As soon as "Ride"came on bytches was thirsty for me and to do the dance EVERYTIME
Go Kona age groupers! Make the swim cutoff! HURRY UP!
RT : All motivation is self-motivation.... until you decide what to accomplish, nothing will happen ~Seth Godin
I notice that really pretty girls have a certain shape to their bodies and just different than girls that have a lot of 1 thing!
...a too-large woman in T-shirt & jeans w/ short-cropped graying blonde hair & Ray-Bans ...Due to my age-forty-five this year...
we do wat we do very well..
lol i would but twitters stupid and doesnt let me follow people :(
Long day tomorrow. Early morning conference call, meeting with , 's bday party then back home to visit with Cali wkd visitor!
Seward was unhappy, but he supplied the necessary credentials, as did Mr. Lincoln, General Scott, and others.
Visit PAEME Promotions fan page (Up & Coming Events, New Music, New Photos)
hey whats up twitter have to get ready for another talent show this week gonna be awesome
Yo U Stay Rockin That Cowboy Gear. That's That Swag!!
anyone else staying at uplace.ca next thursday? happy to offer my little suite up as a mini-hospitality suite as appropriate...
We're looking for a reliable PT Stock associate that can be available on Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays. Looking for a fun #job in #PGH?
same bra i was checkin out the game..
We elected one.": Ironic tweet of the day. : anyone who thinks Christianity is logical belives in a talking snake"
I wonder what Man On A Ledge is about.
Thanks! I'm excited!
how's moonlight
Thanks for sharing this!
what ya up too
Finished 6 miles on the trail!!! And I'm feeling GREAT!!!! 👍😉
I'm watching it now. What in the hell is going on? I haven't seen any of the rest of the season.
Be at peace, not in pieces
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Power to the People! – Before the First Snow II.
Too much
Might drop #github and #basecamp for #springloops, ... the UI is crazy nice yo! and it seems to have the combined functionality of both.
Jane it looks like a marriage proposal....using their kid as the messenger.... very cute.
God some girls are bitchy.
David, I hope you were there on day five as well - well done in any case!
Liam is so hot bguifbguo
nothing because he is MINE!!! Lol
Surfing day 1: didn't catch a wave, but managed to get hit in the face with another guy's board. Watch out Slater..Mommy's in the water now
this. RT Anytime you're afraid to try something new just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
its called a blood cloth
Why can't other states do this?! RT : Gov. Shumlin is committed to connecting every last mile of #VT by 2013.
hey steve, big fan of yours! i really like your drumming style :) can i get a follow back???
He's Fine :) and Thats Good! What You Studying?
Traveling to #InfusionCon tomorrow- anyone care to share a cab? Arrive about 9AM
Set rules, build habits: It starts at home
“: When did UCLA Medical Center get named after Ronald Reagan? Good grief.” / new building, a couple of years ago.
I am shy also but will you quit talking about joe like lincoln he is history its richard now capice
I got the rolly on my arm and im pourin chondon and I roll the best weed you know I got it goin on.
Just destroyed arms!! Trying to get tri's like my boy !! Can the student catch the master??? We may never know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ha!! RT She's so green, she brings her own Tupperware to restaurants.
stay away from ESPN First Take for your sanity
this week is gunna suck, im probably gunna loose 10 pounds, and literally want to kill myself. but i need to graduate
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die
That photo will cause lots of controversy. What mom in her right mind dresses her 3 year old in camouflage pants? Come on! ;)
Tweet me I'II follow 10 first !
#Brewers have had 3 season-ending injuries, 1 DL recently. Don't need ace starter to go down. RT Risk INJURY? Calm down.
Let's get those keys and go!
Classes starting soon! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
you should follow
Our pleasure! /cc
#chi town till I die
My mom called me twice today. First to ask me if I had red and black paints. Then to ask if I wanted grandma's waffle iron. No and yes.
forsure! Thanks for the follow!
Can some one please get rid of John Laurinaities on #RAW & #Smackdown #ASAP The guy is literally taking my love for watching away
my last day of work tonight and then im off till friday, thank god
maybe why?
