CAN YOU PLEASE REPLY TO ME I LOVE YOU AND YOUR WORK AND I MIGHT BE ON DISNEY CHANNEL AND IM 12 BOUT TO BE 13 IN OCTERBER
what up!
TONIGHT AND do some fun bits based off of your date story at at 10pm, right after Opening Night!!
Opening for tonight at Don't miss this, these guys know how to throw a party!!
following your tweets! Follow us too!
hi gurrlll<3 we never talk.
"Love is Grand; Divorce is about 50 Grand" LOL #HowWouldIKnow?
#90sBack Immature use to be that shit.. NOT imx
It's a monsoon!
How many ways are there to make a rainbow? Paul counts the ways at the Exploratorium's Laser Exhibit, this Sunday (5/9/10) @ 5:30pm.
YOU GUYS! Is on a following spree!
omg he is such a bum, he complains about everything, he never shows up so basically the only people in the kitchen are Erik & I
i saw michael jackson's this is it 2 times. it was good. i love michael jackson
Style Starts on the Street. Thats why we are running an open T-shirt design contest. Sketch, Photo, digital, etc. Win $300 prize package
gut says celek but with my luck, finley will boom while on my bench. Ugh
Happy 1st day to ! Good luck at interview to ! Have a good week with your events !
#RememberWhen packs of bitches was faintin at Micheal Jackson's concerts all ova da world?..aint seen nun lik it since.
Just went swimming (:
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHY AUSTIN MAHONE IS MOVING TO MIAMI?!? AND FOR HOW LONG?!?!?! PLZ TWEET ME IF U KNOW:)
YSL Race in Beaver Creek tomorrow- come see the young Alpine Team tear it up!
Working on some of that home-made chili for tonight's freezer party. That's when you freeze your ASCII outside clearing the driveway of snow
Thanks for the mention!
When I Go Out, I Want To Go Out On A Chariot Of Fire
OR they could ground him, and keep him from being passed around like a lit blunt every weekend
yeah me too! so are u going to their #1girltour?
Chipotle is so expensive!
Your weekend plans include going to see The Avengers, right? Joss Whedon rocked it.
Tonight was fun, thanks so much Ft. Worth!!!
hmm they're all great but I really like more than this :) you?
you always give the best gifts!
Oh so that's how that works… ;) Signed up, sir.
Is it just me or does it seem like so many are getting cancer...
Adam x Eve not Amanda x Eve & Adam x Steve but who am I to judge only God judges he is our maker after all !!
Working on another web design. I think I should go to sleep soon. Anyone planning on attending the #TasteOfCincinnati this weekend? I am!
Thank you from everyone here and !!
What did I do?
But what KIND of wine? :)
I'm fucking insane. Depression is a bitch. Fuck life. I make everyone's life, that I meet, terrible. Their life was better without me.
Thanks for following!
Love you man, but pullin Diaz from that fight is bs. Condit/GSP is not a fight anyone wants to see. Another cakewalk for GSP ugh
Thanks I hope you're doing well!
#somepeopledon't express themselves freely and don't have the time to relax!
this slinthead just tried to "prank call" me and im so pissed.. its not even funny and how the fuck do these random ppl get my number?
I finally have the iphone4s!! What apps do I need?
yes! Let me know when :)
DatingChicagoland.com launches in 4 days! Reason #4 to join: As a DC member, attend our live speed dating events all around the Chicago area
Very cool! I love it when I spot fledgling librarians in the making. P.S. Hope journey back to the west coast was aok.
Lastly (for here) avg time on site for G+ is 3 min/month! Google will likely b more successful w their driverless car than a SNS.
my iphone says the low today will be 46. it also says it's 36 right now.
Thanks to for an awesome #SmallBizPgh #Twitterchat last night!
Destiny? Is that a mobile device?
just got off the phone.
Back-to-back fast food stops.
I workout! I'm sexii and I know it! XD good jam..
Good news: Chorizo wins the Sausage Race. Better news: His ACL looks fine.
When you say #Wisconsin, you've said it all!
Tuesday begins our week! Get in for #goodfoodlocal &
"Poor Minds Talk About People, Average Minds Talk About Events, Great Minds Talk About Ideas."
Thanks for the 1,000 follow
m....Trader Joe's pumpkin ice cream. Happy Halloween!
Emma Stone is such a cutie!
Baltimore Best Crabs says great day to eat Hot Steamed Crabs at COSTAS INN 4100 Northpoint Blvd. Baltimore, MD 21222
I can't, my phone's broken /: my mom's taking it to get fixed now. But I'll DM ya! :)
I'm not naive to the underground world of wrestling piracy. It is what it is.
What a phenomenal pass from Thornton behind the net. Pavelski shot, Elliot had no idea where it was but makes the save anyways.
To take the Shakespeare class or not to take the Shakespeare class...what do you think?
Oh, Such a good night.
Question of the day: Is there a power outage in my building or is my roommate drama far from over?
City College of SF sign on Ocean defaced with words "slit town". Racist, sexist, or both.
haha come man u could do it. Then we celebrate at slide bar.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the follow.
I hate this. How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it? I'm so worried about you!
i here ya. you should get some old games with Roenick and Belfour. something diff.
"democracy is our destiny" is the voice over while Amanda was getting gagged, drugged and kidnapped #scandal O-O...
have you heard... Barefoot Blue Jean Night - Jake Owen or If I Die Young - The Band Perry
Trying to avoid teachers at grocery stores >
If needed, I'm in.. ' The new worship project begins this week ... stay tuned, cause I'm gonna need everyone's help!'
Oh yes :) always busy on the weekends. What are you up to?
. No. I thought MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE was absolutely robbed last year during award season. Robbed, I say.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
Laying in bed watching Malcolm X makes classics!!!
Time for Bucky to shine in Champaign
Although, vibrators are awesome too!
After everything, I can't believe I'm running back.
Man... tiredness is setting in now. I feel like going home and dreaming about a Panthers Cup win in 2013.
Driving through Edgewood and had to swerve to avoid a rooster that wandered into the street!
” listen, if I tell you a monkey can fly an airplane...you just clear the runway.”
Glad to hear it! RT : Loving this year!
and the logic Giovanni attempts to prove that verbing his sister is moral is jaw dropping....
hahaha oh hush upp. We have an odd family. Buut us two are the shit, so it don't matter
oh tired ass
now go out and make the world a better place ... through bicycling.
If it weren't for pharm companies, docs would have to buy their own post-its.
Please follow my friends - they are new here and need some twitter love!!
Im the only one who cleans around here 0_o kinda shit is that
": Like the Billy goat Capricorn can eat anything to survive"
Love watching that shit,that channel b showing some crazy bitchz to!
MTSU friends! Do both of your science classes have to have a lab component or just one of them?
Having beat block
Learning about my business: I don't like making custom orders that someone else designed. I don't like deadlines.
tel gabi said hello
#Feng Shui Sleeping Tip: Don't have a mirror facing your bed at the level where you can seel yourself from your resting position.
We feel the same about you, next time--> our husbands to meet- we are so blessed.()
I have seen it at some Target stores and health food stores as well.
dude your the racist hear shame on you hater group. Division of America only helps the Obama 2012 group.
Major headache
we should set something up for first week of june maybe? we can discuss this and much more! cc
did you notify all presenting companies for startupriot? Hadn't registered to attend yet as weren't sure of status.
Actually bummed that the 1st flr bathrooms at AFI have been remodeled. I liked the old skool
haha yep. Time to make the change.
Certain things can not be taught...
You are a mad, frequent RT'er. FYI...
. coming to see you show tonight. Any chance you're gonna be there?
You have so much Good inside You!
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
See you & the fam this Sunday at Super Shopper! Free Bingo, keiki scavenger hunt, 1-day sale, entertainment by Judy’s Gang & PRIZES GALORE!
I thought she was a role model for young girls. But my students roll their eyes at Rihanna coz of the Chris Brown issue.
So far perfect in my NCAA brackets since I didn't make any picks.
no prob dude
Oh nice!!! That is awesome! I've always wanted to visit!
Do they still put toys in cereal boxes?
havent had another since the first time *knocks on wood*
Happy I get to see Will tomorrow :)
I dreamed that I met you lastnight. You agreed to take a picture with me and I immediately started crying. Wish it were real!
The woman is coming today!!! so excited
Keek! xcalistax if you have one follow me I follow back! :)
I bet the fan base is going crazy because Jack, Rian, and Alex are tweeting each other right now haha
Worth a Tweet: "Success isn’t about achieving something in the future, but about doing something right now that you love."
Gosh, help me,everyday I have my headphones to listen to music so I can block out this girls talking,I lost them,now I have to SUFFER.
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break! i miss it so much!
Tell us about your #vday outfit! Are you planning red, pink?
Sad: Gene Hackman hasn't made a movie since 2004. Sadder: that movie was Welcome to Mooseport.
Oh nice! I reviewed several voxboxes, this look like the best!
I should be able to get the file edited and sent to the group who do our iTunesU uploads early next week..
good Morning
Can't believe I woke up without being exhausted after only 3 hours of sleep. Let's see how long I make it before I completely crash & burn.
#youmightbeanautismparentif you know how much your kid, and many like your kid, brighten the world.
while Pittsburgh may not offer an ideal climate year round, at least we don't have to worry about Irene
Ha for sure. No pictures yet, sorry to disappoint -but soon!
It's potato vodka. Chopin, glass, ice & a big fat lemon twist.
Ah I loved on #MalibuShores!!!!
Everyone in the #BBN, follow so he get 100 or more followers.
mane g-thang cut my hair, i needa refer some of these, "Dope selling" niggas to my dog, 20$ and 10 minutes of his time, dats all
And he might die for that. Oh, wait ......
I wasted so much time on treadmills when urban pavement pounding brings out my true passion for running.
Yeah that one was hard to miss.
same but im more nkotb and bsb hot damn haha
“: get a patriots one!!!!!” I will NEVER surrender! :)
Lmaooooooo. can you spell long $#@& ?
shorter the better. You'll pay essentially half of what you would on 10 then 30 over life of it. Chew on that
Can You Please Follow Back That Would Really Make My Day <3
Who lives in portland and wants to see Roshon Fegan in concert? Send me your email here on twitter & I will hook you up with the details!
Just recorded 3 new songs....it's nothing like having your own shit. I'm on my own time! Hit me up for collabs!
Over/Under on # of weeks before we see "Evra to MLS" rumors surface: 8. If I'm an MLS club I don't touch him: declining fast + bad attitude.
Quitting my job was the best thing I could have done. I actually have time to think now.
Now my brackets really fucked haha
another week of crappy therapy.. :-/
RT : A GOOD WOMAN can make you happy when nothing else can.
you both have an amazing day! Thank you for being such great people.
Extremely excited and nervous about tonight
It is- but Charlotte is 78 and sunny right now. Smart move on my part if I do say so myself.
As someone who has Jamaal Charles as a fantasy football keeper of course I'm lobbying for Peyton to go to KC next year
Off to Liberty Station in Point Loma to help out the GamerCon booth at San Diego's annual Asian Cultural Festival
ITS SO HOT. IN THAT. GARAGE.
New blog post coming later today!!! I know I know it's been forever!!!!
Its spring break and I woke up too early! WTF :(
Is now connected to a snow shovel.
Good news! Window signs & bumper stickers are in!
commercials always make me tear up. Why are some ppl so cruel and hurt animals the way they do?!?
anyone else think Orlandito should have softened up Martin's body more, like with left hooks?
I'm only focused on my education & maintaining my lifestyles of pay rent and bills
& are at Metropolitan Ministries this evening delivering new shoes to 211 deserving pairs of feet.
“: I wish I would wake up tomorrow and have the cutest text message waiting for me to read. #Perfection”
Ah! Tim-Tams are classics! Much love from Australia :) x
1st band at Japan Nite w harder workin than most I've seen at #sxsw. Bullhorns, audience participation, "Thriller" dance. We.
When did giving yourself compliments become commonplace? Half of the nice things you say about yourself are vain unless OTHERS say it.
Can you give some vikings news???
Motivations: media images, desire to give, human connection, sense of duty, generational education
Hi this user is making terrible rumors about you... IDC AND BTW FCK YOUR #MOTHER !
"Senior leadership in championing agency-wide collaboration is needed" Nora Gaber
Manning threw with Eric Decker and Julius Thomas today. Center JD Walton was also at the informal workout thanks
NOW FOLLOWING BACK N THANX!!!
Yes I can.
Completed form two days ago. Can't DM w/out follow.
Today is just another day to all the REAL mother's that take care of their Lil one(s) 25/8!!!!!
lol wiz got busted for less than a half ounce... i was expecting this nigga to get caught with at least a Qp
Simmons : as health foundation, think of social determinants of health outcomes...so as not to frame negatively, Forward Promise = name
Let's go #Hawks!! Wish I was at this game.
You're welcome Stephanie. Thank you for the follow. I have followed you back. Big Hugs returned! : ) XOXOXO
Graduation is in 4 days ^_^ , I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it . Lol #Lame .
Ah my mom was watching this!!! Love it. Hope I'm never on it though...
Wakin up a lil late!! Lots to do today Gotta get my baby ready to go and then taking off to Mathis! All before 4! = /
not happening though. Just wishful thinking
RT : Pls RT Midnight and Holding #shortstories “The stories were fun & thought provoking & touching (the suit!). Thank-you!”...
Using a booktruck as a movable workstation for a processing project is possibly the best idea I've ever had.
you rock
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 39
JP is such a freaking ass!!
where where where?!?:)
Thanks for having us! Check your email inbox.
I'm on your side kid... they write a release and just drop the name in if/when the pick is made...
You can thank !
Exausted! I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ... No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
Now I'm hung up in suspense, Because you're bringing me in and then you're kicking me out again♥);.I wish you were mine agian);
But, on the real, where the hell am i supposed to meet some cool ass dudes?!
Waking up still drunk is the worst when you know you have 5 hours at the studio today :(.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys! we are the shit! n any1 else i missed
I highly recommend it! It's hard but totally worth it!! Miss you Chica!!! 😊 😍😘💋
going to see the Avengers in one hour and 36 minutes.
RT : Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life.
I want a jelly doughnut. I think tomorrow I'll get a dozen.
Ryan won a 2012 Better #Workplace Award in the #Innovative Benefits and Compensation category from !
"movie" no. movies, maybe. So much going on in each book and the character development would take 99% of the movie
Life is just a bitch but you know you gotta love her
My cheeks <
Too serious of a conversion to be having while chatting on skype and looking at each other but not talking...
I bet she don't care
RIP Amy Winehouse
Hey Jeff, do you have a program that you use to queue your tweets and post on a schedule?
I care;I'm Concerned: I'm Curious! A principal who manages by walk around 30 mins daily can better begin adaptive/hard conversations
"He marched into the jaws of death every day in Birmingham"--Andrew Young on Fred Shuttlesworth's bravery during the civil rights movement
First chapter starts out so strong! 'Can't wait to buy it and read!
wish it was lol.
Good times tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Thanks to our guests & thanks for listening!
Sure did. If that o-line could get it together they'd be scary...
HA HA HA HA.. you can wash the sheets later
yes!(: now I'm patiently waiting for chapter 3 of the other story ;D
RIP Mike Wallace
why didn't you support the medical marijuana task force original recommendations? Why make disabled people's goto industria ...
Bodybuilding in addition to Plant based Hgh
vampire porn for girls, no thanks.
that was a pretty game, congrats to you and your boys
Absolutely not!!RT : Anyone else flipping between The Daytona 500 and "The Bachelor" tonight?
Josh Hamilton's line score: 5 for 5, 4 Home Run, 8 RBIs. Holy. Cow. That's a good night's work.
The Yotes are Movin ON to the next Round
If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you. I am at the motherfucking beach.
Bob Dylan. Presidential Medal of Freedom. Nice news to end a long day :)
Gettin up in 3.5 hours for the #MissTexas album cover shoot
its going pretty good. I'm not even that tired, if at all.
Aw shucks. You know I blush easily!! Love you too sis.
its probably because they see you as both strong and feminine, which is challenge and provides attractive polarity
Mad Men...2 hour episode, 1 hour of show and 1 hour of commercials.
I'm looking more for reference works, like most of the books in the Mitchell Beazley library. Appreciate your help.
Can't get over The Help. It was heartwarming.
Tell Mrs. Miceli Happy Mothers from all us ICONiacz! 💐🌹We love her💜
I'm gonna miss an organist willing to play from Watch The Throne, though.
because that's the best time to eat it!
Don't be bashful - what do you like about your Communications service provider?
really got schooled on I almost felt sorry for him as he tried to crawl away from the fact that 999 screws 99%.
look at the storagectl and storageattach
I never going to say again I'm just going to Keep it to myself
Im bored at home.. online.. and not sleepy lol..
When you're ready, just say you're ready. When all the baggage just ain't as heavy . .
It's already been a month. ❤😊
EVERYBODY GOT THE ADDRESS 2 THE #HALLOWEEN PARTY. 2NIGHT??????
What has been going on down there?! RT : Glad I'm not at school right now!
haha whats wrong with the puss-repellent?
Guys, that's just scary. Sweet and well intentioned, but scary.
On page 16 of Frank Deford's new memoir, "Over Time." He just referred to blogs and stats as "the pole dancing of sports journalism."
When old men hit on you at work<<<<
UK/Canadian Spartan "Simon Thunder the Rock -n- Roll Savior" is enjoying Montreal&New England; there is lovely scenery&people.Next week Nyc!
To Make Sure Its Secure! Lol
Let the eBook talks begin
Black Irish? I thought you were MoT. (Or is this like a Slim Shady / Sasha Fierce persona thing?)
What's Jerry's excuse this year?
Thanks for the recommendation, I'm reading it now
Gotta say, I do not recommend watching the Zombie Loan anime series. Z...
I would do some pretty raunchy shit for some vapor rub right now. -.-
Awesome. Thanks for the suggestion!
Tailgating again.... anybody up for 60ish and bluemound tonight
Merry Christmas to you all! Please remember the less fortunate out there
Dont like that one
Thanks for the RT!
Watching "Casa de mi Padre" was like listening to some of the guys I worked with for an hour and a half. , n'est pas?
Today is the last day of my paleography seminar. *sniffle*
Where are you from, my family is from Guyana
Pretty sure when I'm up reading twitter at 4a ur up too. Insomnia much?
Starting today, through the end of March, enter "MarchMadness" at checkout for 15% off of your Epicurean Lite orders!
Speaking of love handles, I'm enjoying a Sculpin IPA and fish tacos after a long day of teaching.
I'd say break a leg, but might do it again... so instead, ENJOY! :) Miss you guys.
I tired explaining the typewriter vs. computer difference, but what the professor says must be always true, apparently.
You know what this dankmustache girl actually looks cute but I can't even send that girl to buy me a forty for forty friday!!!!!
Me too
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
you can if you're willing to convert an entire pt10 session to pt9
This time of the year is the best time to get out and about and work on your fitness. I know I am! What's your fave way to stay in shape?
Im single too :)
I need a drink these people are on my last nerve hurry up and move out already
so you're telling me that to get a giant rock I needed to spend three years at the shore and not law school? #sadreality #whyamInotItalian?
you have written 3rd and 4the harmony parts to all nick and sa harmonies :)
If Rondo is suspended for one game I will cry
im following u now (: follow back ? =>.<= and <3 Asking Alexandria !!! :D
Open gyms #psyched bout to put it in their mouth
those are good jobs of course , I think my brothers friend job is military police lol haha .
I never said shit about you why you have to start crap with me?
Your 35 dating a 18 year old? Why??????
S/O to my new follower looking super cool
I'm not sure what that means...
Whoa, don't look now but Pujols has a multi-hit game.
listens to new Dylan album and gets into character by eating date-anise scone
everything came to them all at once
“Thanks for inviting me to lunch and for allowing the check to remain on the table, untouched for an uncomfortably long period of time.”
Beautiful Soul is playing on the radio... and I'm loving it
Water runs dry>>>
omg. I take back posting that song now! </3 D:
CA DMV surprised me with their efficiency. If you make appointments you can skip so many lines.
RSVP: Content House
In better news, getting my hair chopped and ~naturalized~ in the morning. Before (nappy) and after (spiral curls / natural) PIX to follow.
I am so happy/relieved this morning. I just got official approval on my dissertation proposal from the University of Denver. 75% done now.
got any .net developers with some free time? cool project
Posted Beethoven's tempest 3 on youtube, check it out
so are you gonna be a stuntfest next weekend punk?
omg. i am always craving paseo. i could go for that right about now! :)
Any colleagues at #alamw12 want to do dinner tonight? Tweet back dm!
Someone explain to me why Jordan Hill is getting so many minutes tonight.
any news on the video?
I just know these things!
so now we're on the same panel tomorrow. eek. scrambling to prepare!
This is not my day.
Absolutely. If they didn't work out, then they didn't work out.
Holy shit. That was a close call.
If it'll save time later, do it now
let's make it happen
haha, you like the new wheels, bro. I'm getting a green glitter weed leaf pattern embossed next week.
The gym is killing me. My new creatine DI-NOX is giving me so much energy I can't stop working out lol
can we talk about how ARGO looks spectacular? Ben Affleck really is becoming a fantastic director.
thanks, girlfriend! you are too sweet :)
Let's see if either Cole or Lawler acknowledges that Orton punted Jericho in the head back in 2010. Given WWE logic, they won't.
#Clippers are going to win this game. Book it.
Twitter is
thank you for the follow! Can't wait to check out your mag!
I can't deal with this thunder and lightning.
MARCY!!!! did you sign up for Ohio?
I love you!:) and of course that I'm gonna LOVE #LisaGoesGaga episode !!:)
good luck with the move!
finished coloring my issue of popeye... this thing is finally done.
The Lord is just so dang good
Thanks for the RT!
I’ll tell you what’s all bark and no bite: trees.
her first book. so excited for her.
are you as excited as for chicago haha? :D
it's my favorite show
is what you do instead of calling me back?
...why does 'kobo recommends' show me books in other languages, textbooks on mental illness, and self-pub crap?
You're right, because rt'ing him will make him relevant and that'll never happen. Let him stay irrelevant.
What are you reading today?
gotta call you !
Thanks Jennifer! Had a lot of fun!!! hope you are doing well...spent the weekend with Tim & Lisa. Timmy's birthday...
man i bet, i could barely do when i did it
I don't want to be everything to everyone. I just want to be something to someone </3
Thanks for the mention.
Ah! The 20 degree wind just totally gave me the cold shoulder! So rude..
RT : #TNI is all about Altitude this week! Are you a expert on heights? Then we want YOU to host! DM for details.
Sorry that we book up so fast! If you do want to be an extra we'd love to see you. :-D
Observations - dude on the bungee cord was tight. Cee Lo from Goodie Mob to Madonna and SuperBowl. Madge is still a player.
I'm sold.
Walking to Occidental Park to start
Sometimes I think boys don't pay attention to me because well .... I'm a
That is wonderful congratulations
RT These are not the droids you're looking for, per se
does anybody know who won the pla presidential election?
okay fellow #madmen fiend I missed Sunday we had no power. Where is the best place to watch to catch up?
expr. train would be nice for cyclists & brilliant for non-cyclists. Also: anyone selling food at the finish would clean up
Tweet me who you think should win #americasnexttopmodel!
FINALLY watching #thehelp. I am excited to see it!!
#Imagine You're walking around London. Your daughter:''My feet are hurtin!'' Liam lifts her up and carries her with him.
I swear i hate when he act like a bitch. Man up, grow some balls and get ur underwear out ur ass. Smfh!
Hey #boogs dont worry. Trooper taylor still has his hat on backwards and his towel is still twirling. So....thats good right?
Sharpy gets 639480274781 thousand bonus points
I hate washing dishes got cut by a glass looking for
Like Kevin Garnett: ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!!
UM, how are still at the office?
Wild mikkkess tomorrow night >>
future career: coresponder. a traveling poparatzi.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus - You Guardian Angel >>>>
is glad he didn't have to treat any injuries at last nights #soccer game. Sports injuries are no-joke. Get them taken care of!
We have some slots open currently for any students interested in having their own show :) Let us know if you are!
Just wanted to say Good Bye to DICK CLARK you will always be remembered.
I'm still just waiting for an answer... Yyykss my nerves are jumppppyyy
NO EFFING WAY. Greatest end to a season I can remember
RT : Clue # 2: "Model citizen, zero discipline" - RT & name that tune from GH: Van Halen for a chance to win! Panama
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not. ~Thomas Jefferson
Next month, around this time, will Christmas vacation! #hype :^)
My dude mane
RT : RT : My wife and kids is one of the funniest family shows ever!!!!!>>>#definitely <<AGREED!
Bases loaded for #Gators, pitching change for Mississippi State.
- I'm thinking more so #StanleyTools sponsoring a "Stanley Cup Trophy Tour, etc" - not actually brand the Cup
RT : Sending #FF love to an excellent org that has been so welcoming to me in my new role as Youth...
Earphones in... volume up - world out.
thanks for the follow, we're #Hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
Good morning tweeps
Super excited for 's tenure celebration dinner at with and
I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. 😷😡
just watched a CSI Miami episode about child abuse... Child abusers are lower than dirt. Join the fight to stop them Follow
Yes. Though I prefer titles like "Independent Renaissance Nerd." I'm all for your ideal of "continue learning, no matter what."
Discussion on the modern mass reproduction of #JimCrow signs as a form of memory reproduction and historical rendering.
I wanna know what it's like to be kissed in the pouring rain.
Who wants my 2,000th tweet?!?!
I'm freezing
aww those are beautiful:) lucky!
,,YEAH Team Jesus was there,,i seen You in the spot,,,lets go
not odd its all chemicals
I hate the redsox as much as anyone and I'm about done with the ads from last years game
eBay is a great place for serial killers to get rid of their murder weapons
Hahaha. He does look rather lion-y lately RT : Ricky on himself: "He looks like a lion who went on a bender and then sat on a stoop."
MacKaye, not the other spelling.
AWESOME and good for you. You deserve it!
No one's called it Columbus ephemera before, love it.
Holy shit. 1,600 followers? You people do know i'm an asshole, right? Anyway, thanks, don't be afraid to ask me for a ReTweet.
they are playing 's James Franco opening at Nationals Ball Park!
i don't even know how to make tea, this is going to be a disaster
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
hahaha!Who do I like?! omg don't even ask me that question! Imma call you!
Two little Yorkie mixes. Their owner thought we were goin to rape her since it was 2 black people at 1230
My day is looking like a #Circus. I need to get #InTheZone. Guess I need some jams.
Every new idea is an old idea. - Just ordered Imagine by Jonah Lehrer. It'll be the first book I read after the thesis. Can't wait. :3
Thanks for another RT!
Let me take my ass to the gym.
Time is literally just dragging on right now. Text me?
that's a lot to consider. Quakers have 3 guides for speaking to the service: Is it from God? Is it for all? Is it to be said now?
bahahah!!!!!!!! thats an awesome site. i might have to use some of this shit
My phone act up more than anything
Our coverage from #Syria continues....
Thanks again!!!!!!
glad to be back in bigD missing #SASF11 and
Gun killed Josh judged "completely legal." 2nd who picked up/went off judged "accident". All believe acted "responsible."
I had a blast with you beautiful ladies!!
Hey! Have a good sleep? <3
The random "nisa, i love you" from my brothers >>>> #dontwannaleavethem :-(
LMFAO - I'm sexy and I know it! Ah aha ah ah aha girl look at that body! Love it !m
r rlly freaking out about not getting tix to see you guys in May so can u, try to cheer them up?
Watchin "Don't trip he aint through with me yet!" On #centric has 3 generations in tears....
I don't care who shw was dating!!! We lost a legend! And... Her family need our prayer!
National proposal to hold a #UnitedGA on the 17th of every month 2 vote on the same issues, at the same synchronized time. What do u think?
Been stuck on I 75 for going on 4 hours and haven't even gone 10 miles.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
Writing a screenplay is like combing out very tangled hair. Brush through a little at a time, untangle, look at it, comb some more.
Can't wait until this weekend so I can begin working on my wood floors.
#Quote: By employing different strategies of exploration new discoveries are made. ~ JM
thanks! I'm very excited about the new options from So unique!
mom didn't wanna tell you..
Tonight at ten on , a mother is in custody and her 19-month old son is dead. But so far, no one has been charged with his death.
lunch date next week?
One of my favorite meals. RaisinBran and strawberries!
Sign me up! RT: : Did you know? When you subscribe to the SA Business Journal you receive a complimentary Blue Star Membership!
Yes, I'm fine. I'm staying busy with my business. Do you have a business, or a job?
Experienced, quality #educator, #tutor for hire. See my LinkedIn profile. Serious inquiries only.
That looks like a spring training game held at a home park just before the seasons starts.
Jesus said A LOT about being #greedy but nothing about being gay. Yet 'Christian' Pastors bash gay people while us asking for money. #WTF?!
Friend or foe? You just will never know..
Cruise Ship Jobs for Musicians, Bands, and other Performers! Not interested? Refer a friend for $$! www.MOneStudios.com
A BIG #FollowFriday shout-out to our #USC newspaper >> #FF | Make them win the Twitter Follower #Contest against the UCLA.
if newspapers began to falter in the 70s, why? television? that would suggest PC's and the 'net were just more failures of response.
About time 2k fixed the online associations
Check out our new photos from the Talent Farm! We have a HUGE announcement coming in two weeks!!!!
When you sleep I hope you're sleeping sound
Good Time Max
You can't expect someone else to like you when you don't even like yourself.
re: Wuppertal, see "Alice in the Cities," early Wenders, if you haven't. More great upside-down tram.
i sent you a link to an uptempo song...i need to search my archives again and see if I can find the mp3...
Thanks! Sorry I couldn't meet you this morning. Looking forward to watching the recording of your session.
a few days
Agreed. I'm especially partial to Thickfreakness.
I love ron pope his music just soothes me
I'll be at the sizzler celebrating MJs bday if you want some grub.
Sorry, sweeties! Our canning project w/ is SOLD OUT! We'll miss you of course...consider hanging w/ us in May!
INVESTORS DOES YOUR AGENTS OFFER YOU DEEP DISCOUNTS ON COMM, ESCROW AND TITLE, I CAN AND DO
the movie aint tall that,watch it yesterday at the falls but imma give it a B+
Sigh RT : Wash Post/ABC poll: 76% of Americans believe we are still in a recession, 21% believe recession is over.
RT : #Seattle will be sponsoring an event for about #HealthIT. We would love to see you there! -...
UK FINALLY WINS VS THE UGLY ORANGES
i used to dress like a punk, in 7th grade like i had the haircut, the piercings clothes..everything i was a #hottopic addict ~
Just finalized the arrangements for a show on April 26! I'll announce the venue, time and other details tomorrow!
Bottle of goose still never opened lol
yea that does lol
hey lady
a nap!?? wtf! hahaha! DRIVETHRU!!! ;) pick me up some tacos! ;)
“There must be more to life than having everything.” MT : Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Tell your moms happy mothers day! RT : Happy mothersday to all my niggas moms wordup cuh
You gotta live for today so tomarow will come and you get to do it again Get in shape it's life changing go to the gym i'm motavating myself
Do you only talk about the when you can complain about them losing?
yeah ima admit I said yeah in my head
Its a beautiful Orlando day and Im actually stuck IN a school:/ Two more years.....
Greys Anatomy:Why did Alex just call April "Apes"?
woah. the oranges in there look rad.
I love paying thousands of dollars to attend a university, yet I'm being taught via #PBS documentaries.
Captain America T-shirt 
what happened to Vimeo?!?
#WH reaction to S&P #downgrade makes WH look responsible. Why didn't catching math error help? No one likes a smarty pants.
Props for behavioral targeting me like woah after a site visit... I wanna buy something each time I see a new ad pop up! :)
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
What's a "bonus mom" ?!
I learned alot !! Jesus loves me and stuff!
Another notch under my belt.
: I thought it was amazing! You were so right! I think its gonna be a really great show!That girl is fantastic
that is my second than home
hello andrea
Lighters up at the Intlib singalong.
i followed you can you follow me back please??:)
a little of both :(
Great day for a walk in the park.
I should've time managed more, essay, 32 lit terms and this science project all due tomorrow.
hahaha and I just confirmed that has never happened to us on a Sunday morning
that's trilla my Killa. Thx for the thx! Be sure to retweet everything I say and like all my links on other sites
lmao my patience <
Clearly this tweet is not meant for RT If your boobs are big, plump and perky I hope your day is going awesome
Got chased by a dog back home that's the fastest I will ever run In my life lol
:/ but I want cake tho and pizza and rice and ice cream :'(
damn ok I got u
Everyone follow
miss you both. And yes... girls night BADLY needed. SOON!!!
get we dun. Mommy knows. What's up
LOL! Luck of the draw! Maybe image too big for my phone.
"An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards."
Haven't said this much through five games, but Teague played out of control in the lane
3..2..1… until the media wastes another two weeks speculating whether or not Sarah Palin will run. Then can we talk about real issues?
Did you get rid of your facebook?
the miz is the best!!!
*rubs forehead twice*
Did you see the "Frank Sinatra's sex drive is powered by Wheaties" late '50s link I tweeted last night?
I'm so glad Kesha didn't pay for that trip lol
I must be someone great in God for the obstacles are great on every side, but I trust GOD!
how are you? I missed you!
Even better! RTs show you really care.
Wink at me, and I'm yours.
just admit it, we have all been bored at some point that we try to trick the mirror so that we can look at the back of our head
see...a fat guy like me knowsthey arent ego waffles, but EGGO....
operations management is dumb
Damn I'm out of milk
should be here for this Gospel Ensemble Anniversary...
Absolutely crazy day w but no cell service and way too many hs kids.
me too :P
A second number for evacuees #LowerNorthForkFire If 720-454-4968 is busy evacuees can call 303-271-4930 for appt to be escorted to property
Thanks for the follow. Lets get something going!
Show me how much skill you have, suck my dick while doing a handstand....blow my mind girl
Other than playing Mega Millions, what is everyone's plan for this weekend in the Twin Cities?!
I'm good, thanks for your concern Mr. Young! Hope you're well too.
I'm listening to Hips Don't Lie. There isn't anything new that I already haven't heard out, so I'm just going through past
whole feeling of ishiness there, never want to be banished to the 'other pink crt', like I can't play on a real crt.
yea yea yea I don't wanna hear it lol
What happened?:( (creepy stalker getting into your personal life)(:
Laptop is having domain issues (prob related to new one being built), and I am due on a WebEx. Lucky I have my trusty iPad! App works great
Braylon Edwards to Bengals? Awesome! We can watch him drop passes in CLE again!
im in da 219 this week..
Hey :) LOL You said Laurinaitis was going to be his opponent? Haha. You're a genius! That choice was nowhere in my thoughts xD
Putting my song up on tomorrow...I can't believe I'm getting all this attention from 2:44 seconds of my music...
RT " Time is of the essence right now .. #RushMode" ...Same here! Every moment counts!
she doesnt even care that she's seeing me ;P
shit -___- assuming by the names i thought they was chicks, fucking patron tequila made me look like and idiot
- how's the food Vijay?
What does"LLN" even mean?!?
That's what someone just DMed me. That's horrible.
they both look good glad to see you're reaching for extra eyes! peeps have been staring at both for too long.
What the hell kind of name is Topanga?
Yes, teach them young, like children.
wake Yo but up punk lol
Brett Favre vs. Peyton Manning would help drive one of the most watched Super Bowl ratinigs ever & surpass the playoff sucess to date
Thanks for tuning in, jkkeller!
Let's Go Jets!
I KNOW. I SAW THEM IN YOUR BAG ON OUR HONEYMOON
werddd! Lmao who's group are you in? 😊
thanks for the follow-have a super weekend!
oh okay lol thts FUNNY!!! ill try my best <3
Great news, but where's the link to download the new apps? I only found the link for the iPhone app...
Int new boots came in the mail today 
Tomorrow is the big day! "Merlot Play Time" at with : 7:30PM. Hope to see everybody who RSVP'd!
Just walk away man, walk away.
Well done on your video, sir! Keep up the good work! If you need a hand, don't hesitate to ask!
I don't even like the Broncos, I just hate the Steelers.
Thanks for the RT We hope to see you soon!
hahaha Nice, Matt. What on earth are you talking about?
Before you craft your message, or figure out your product or services, you should know your WHO
I wish I could just erase you from my life. Things would be so much easier .
Holy ricotta meatballs ... though awake, have not yet come out of my food coma.
we are diving for three days this weekend. save your money and come here for dema in nov. We are taking alot of people diving.
Amazon is still suggesting stuffed red pandas to me from a searching spree I did a few months ago. Wants one.
#EFCSRchat thanks for hosting this chat!
“: Congrats to for receiving a scholarship! #ScrippsBanquet” thanks :)
Don't get me wrong, I'll never stop making art. I'll always have tremendous passion for art. I think I'm just getting...
Welcome to Twitter FINALLY! #sandiego #wine >> Thanks, had our heads down making wine. ready to share now ;)
Hackers seem to be the new pirates
Getting ready to make 20 lbs of real home made apple smoked pepper bacon. Get in line now it goes incredibly fast!
Will Smith Iz By Far Da Best Rapper Who Doesnt Use Profanity. Im Not Sayin He'z Da Best Rapper Eva But He Da Best Who Doesnt Curse.
I hear what you're saying but he can't remain vague-or worse denounce it. No doubt his hand has been forced re #Biden &
note to self : do not email Afrobella!!
Sleep is for people with no internet.
You rock! Keep tweeting, my favorite college basketball junkie and #Jay #Bilas hater!!
In Woods Hole with the EOL team at the Marine Biological Laboratory all week - and yes, the weather is glorious.
Thanks for your kind words... =D
Hey. Call me
nice! I went to #ntcamp this past Sat in Philadelphia. I'm pretty sure there are ppl who have done internal ones for inservice
also the holograms on the card mesmerize cashiers, which is always useful
Best part of a killer workout is the pain you feel the next day... The worst part of a killer workout is the pain you feel next day.
Central Union Mission is the city's oldest non-profit providing these types of shelter services to the homeless.
I can never get to school on time!
LEBRONS A BASTARD THEY GOIN CRAZY IN CLEVELAND
Cataloging Palin's memoir "Going Rogue" and thinking of subject headings. How about "Rogues and vagabonds--Alaska--Biography"?
Barkley: "If you locked DeAndre Jordan in a gym overnight & told him he couldn't dunk, you'd have 6 points in the morning."
Twitter is kinda confusing..
Truth! RT Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up ~ T. Edison
both are up there. Nod to the Clips for being on the road and down 24 with 8:00 to go?
its not the first time they did this ! they did it when my sister was in highschool 1O years ago . they were off for 2 weeks
so what part of the Apple r u from?
I like nice things so it's back to work now = )
He's coming to my library systems music and book festival! Can't wait!!!
um hm um hm!....trippy?
“: I bet the best thing about being a Ginger is that you can be 100% sure that none of your ancestors were black.”
“: RT #ThatAwkMoment when #UC fans actually thought they had a chance. #buckeyenation"
#SNL "Fox and Friends" Parody. Funny and most truthful episode F&F I've seen.
Lagos drivers are freaking me out! :(
of course!
Pics coming??? :-) RT : Just home from #GUBA , it was such a blast!
I learn off of other people's mistakes more than I learn from my own.
Whats next? Is the #GOP going to strip women of ability to go to college and vote? Is that the next step in #WarOnWomen ???
Thank you for the RT on my book review.
It's definitely a craft -- an acquirable skill. The quickest path to wordsmithery is lots & lots of reading -- & lots of writing, too.
Who dat not goin to the Super Bowl?
I need to find some productive to do
You are absolutely right. I asked for it- I wouldn't say I frequent the Note, but I am a man about town. It's inevitable...
Cougar Challenge 5k my time was officially 23:55 and I was 17th.
Yo Breath Ah Muthafucca It Suppose To Stay Smelling Right Especially When Ya Got Ah Hoe Wiff Money Thats What She Like Lol
Racked up shawty
Do it Now
one hour to showtime , no tweets yet?
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned. Also, my resumé just got interesting.
that's ok son, next time, find me some latina whoors.
lol ibsodnt edit nothin? Meredith was hittin stop and record.. Thats why its all over the place
The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin! This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins! Stay tuned!
Burgers :D
Can't sleep should of never took that nap
God bless the child that hold his own god bless the woman that hold patron god bless her friend that drove us home...
yes we are reading farenheit 451 and I hate my teacher and it's boring as hell so I was trying so hard not to fall asleep
has two federal paid health care plans but you cant have one
i need them detailss
Noah has his hair in a bun for National TV game with Heat.
Thanks for the LIKE Amy Girdley Clarkson. Hope you LIKE your new ezwalkers®
To me you just a bummy chick ~
thinks he is hilarious.
#ThingsIDidOverTheSummer got engaged to my high school sweetheart
Will do homie....I'm flying wit cha!
“: #ABoyfriendShouldAlways thank his girlfriend for coming to his games. #BaseballGrlfrnd”
Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day. May your skin be doo-doo brown and feel like leather.
Adam what is wrong with your hair, lol
Sometimes I wish I was a dog
Hi,I'm a neophyte New Orleanian that's been here 37 seconds.I have all the answers how to fix #NOLA cause I'm good at stuff.
The British soldiers are rowing from Charlestown Point to the Lechmere’ s point. About 500 in troops total.
I wish there was a way in Outlook to decline a mtg but still have it appear in my calendar as "free" time so i could always reference it.
agreed! Can't wait to get rolling. Thanks brother
Saying goodbye to my son and his wifethis morning at 4:00. Safe journeys and tailwinds through life, Travel well my friend.
The best proof of love is trust.
Sorry if you took my kindness as flirting.
always wondered how men were more prone 2 suicide than women.. but sometimes i understand where they r comn frm.. not saying im susceptible
i'm trying not to, but it's tough. LA is better than Chicago at this point for me, but it's still frustrating.
Hot as hell an ii got practice smh
Willie Nelson song was jamming
so glad to end this day #asap. couldn't be any more serious.
This breaking dawn part 1 ad on Pandora is a joke.
Up against Bob Rogucki this wk in the coaches fantasy league finals. Tried to get Yahoo to sub my 2 RBs for WRs...they didn't bite.
the "Thin" briefcase?
oh me god!!!!!! Go watch new cover!!!!!! It's amazing ah you'll totally be a fan afterwords!
Who wants to call me? Dm your number..
you better cook that grilled cheese longer brah
I am an Aztec for life. Go Aztecs!
you watch Illinois games live but watch Badgers and Packers games on delay?
Did you have a blast at Prada last night? It sure seemed like you did.
Raise a toast of non-alcoholic cider to Andrew Haswell Green's memory on Saturday, November 12th! Stay tuned for details...
70% of voters in SC used the internet as primary source for information about the presidential primary according 2 google
i tried it in explorer got same errors.I wrote "fill in the blank" for each blank spot-that's not it
It takes a great deal of courage to stand alone. Can you?
Sigur Ros and At the Drive In here :) can't wait!
Listening to play PIANO! Quite Nice~
agreed. Text messages are short and to the point lol
let's drink!
I remember these days...:)
European audiences LOVE to hear American
Biggest feat today was not crying at the gym when #bones had the baby. let's discuss.
Scumbag : Oh, you have time to watch hockey for the first time in 2 weeks? NO GAMES SCHEDULED.
RT : Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it.. that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear
I want to correct myself!! Ag-Ed instead of Vo-Ag! Old habits are sometimes hard to break!
Someone should tell that person something to help them out... but it's not going to be me lol
hope you're enjoying the desert! Frigid here - may I suggest a welcome-back drink when you return?
Learning about the amazing power of #twitter w/
#DrakeCriesWhen he falls on stage llz
waterproof works in the snow too. Gore-tex more like bore-tex. I'm talking h2ofriendly-tex
Going to replace the fill valve on the upstairs toilet #again. My upstairs tenants (my kids) are seriously working on being evicted. Lol.
Pretty sure Smith stole that roll around the crease move from Huet.
Give me a break. RT : 'The world's most expensive burger costs $5,000 and is served at the Fleur de Lys restaurant in Las Vegas.'
30% emissions in Houston from tailpipes via Arun Banskota of
I wish I could. but i dont have enough money to come up june july and august -_-
lies! Everyone knows im the king of funny!
Get a TonyTAT original art piece. Visit or join Facebook TonyTAT art page and view. Anthony Tremblay. Or need a design tonytat8789
the first session is 9:30 - come for irish soda bread and coffee starting 8:30
I'm so perverted minded. Someone said "its so hard" referring to a math problem last week & i was rolling on the floor.
Peggy, I'm going to art shows Saturday night. Wanna come and meet my cool friends?
Now you know you my nigga
I definitely can relate- I think I felt that way when graduating too and maybe still some now, a year later
and don't example me to your punk ass followers lol
Doing promotions at Club Cinci's in East Atlanta..... Nice turn out, thanks to Xtamina Energy Drink fans from twitter.com for coming out!!!
Brr. I need to start wearing my Snuggie to work. cc:
I take that back, marriage isn't obsolete. Find a sugar momma, get rich.
you can't speak? Mike and I called you name 5 times
Frode is my savior
I'd totally buy one off you if I didn't have to work at 630 am tomorrow. You free tues pm after work, btw?
my new coffee maker!
Need to be like Monet and have multiple canvasses.
hahaa yeah, but it seems like really good chicken
Anyone use the I heart radio app? Any good stations I should check out?
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” ― Anne Frank
Hi Nita! I found you! So great to meet you on the One Love Cruise! Tell Dorinda I was absolutely thrilled to meet her, too!
Clearly I internalized my 4500-word-count goal, as report just clocked in at 4450. Unfortunately, actual word count is supposed to be 2500
3.5 seconds. I bet they show it 3 times before the end of the game.
Gia is so crazy!
Back atcha, but this time, at night!
hey rob my wife and I love u man can't wait for the new season big black is back do work son
We leave in one week! Meeting tonight to finalize details at 's house.
at least tell me you grill with charcoal and not gas! Hahaha
It's so fucking cold outside. I want this 80• weather back!
feel so sleepy :) good night all
"I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!"
Does anyone play crime city...need Mafia
I don't like this Anderson teacher
#BeautyOfIslam is seeing beauty in all of His creation.
When Rosen says Ann Romney never worked it's class warfare. Mitt saying 'get to work moms, have some dignity' not a war on women.
Wish I had Esperanza tixs for tonight!
If so "This is such a pity" by Weezer is a great song. The new Eclipse by metric is great too. ;)
As mayor, my 3 proudest accomplishments were my great building projects, my Boost #Chicago efforts, and...uh, what's the third one there?
HAHAHA YOU ONLY HAVE SIX FOLLOWERS ;)
You are welcome.My birthday is on the 7 of March.
Forget being 10. I want to be 21 again! Now that was spring break!
Fair enough.
I have been all things unholy; if God can work through me, He can work through anyone. -St Francis Assisi
Free comic book day is always the first Saturday of May. You didn't miss it.
My friends bug me every second of the day coz they know they can't live without me!!!
I am getting a bit frustrated with my photography "dry spell" and need to get off my duff!
Thanks for retweeting my website URL. I appreciate it!
Good grief. 48.
The #Pirates need to stop acting like the Yankees farm team. Cannot wait to see what they give up for overpriced, head case AJ Burnett
"You can write whatever in a paper, just bullshit your way through twenty pages…" No. You can't do that at all.
Yessir. May 10th will be my first day back in the lab
great! I'll find some good tunnels for us to walk through!
creative motivation: The best way to get over a creative block is to place some constraints on yourself
How am I not smarter than a fifth grader?
We have an official High School League that plays in Newtown Square. Neshaminy has a real good team, what high school do you go to?
my allergies are doing the fool !!
Any Bulls fan watching? Think Algren's epitaph "Road is all, End is nothing" and have amnesia about this post season.
I knew I could count on you!
My pleasure. I love your apps.
do u expect Wily Peralta to replace Chris Narveson in the #brewers rotation?
We adored U from the time U hit KilleenTx growing up & will always B a fan of U in all U endeavor. We'll miss U
I live for moments like this one!
Leo's eyebrows*“: Drake's eyebrows > this girl across the room”
My mother in law is the BEST! She's the only one who freaking understands me
My roommate: "I don't really get Twitter. Up until recently, I thought that RT meant, right?!"
Reading it.
He makes me so happy.. Words can't explain it.
Someone please make sure Bobby Christina is safe & OK.....
yeah I'll have to get that in a couple weeks when I'm back in kc
Mason folks: myMason and Courses restored. Looks like 45 min outage total. No incident report as to why yet.
As long as you stay on your coast. I have the west on lock with my corner. #SALES!!!
is going swimming.
Wow is blowing up the timeline.
you earned the right...
Slept in the latest I ever slept in years. 11:30am
#PurpleStrifeMKE meeting on Monday, Apr 30 at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
DANCING in heels & still looking fabulous. Only she can pull this off. :)
you love Lville
Hi Scott! I am #caprsa and Iw ant to be sure and meet you.
Damn, I didn't realize it was 7pm. I was wondering why people were tweeting about GLEE.
It should also be stated that the we are based out of Bloomington currently!
I would never get accepted
Watching the ESPN documentary of the Knicks/Pacers in the Eastern Conf. Finals and just watched drop 25 in Spike's face :)
RT : Ok, ok. You twisted my arm. will be hosting the #WeekendCountdown and #HitBound THIS WEEKEND!
I highly recommend not joining CanadaREIC its a investors club that when you try leave they don't remove your email after many many request
Photographing an audio recording. Long-time staff are sharing library memories for SJCPLS history project.
trying to ban the HP series for "occult" is as stupid as complaining that D&D teaches people how to raise zombies.....
LOL I caught that too. Was waiting for her to snap like the last time.": Sue Simmons just fucked up on the air"
me you tay?
Go Brew Crew!!!!! #Brewers
Nicola_Christine <---- Follow Me On Instagram , I'll Follow You Back (:
i invited him over for a game of monopoly. he just might be crazy enough to do it.
After a week off tmrw is going to be annoying 😒
Shorty got potential ..
good taste :)
that's hilarious, I hope you're both enjoying your obv makeout session opportunity
SC sounds like a trained parrot, the latter being more intelligent.
Clients that swear a lot are awesome.
HIs album was pretty good, I cant disagree. Thankfully he didnt go the 808 & Heartbreak route
In love with Kevin Smith much?
RT : Whitson walks nine-hole hitter Frost on four pitches, gets the hook after 3.1 ip. Daniel "Skrillex" Gibson coming in for...
Very nice site!
So lucky to have met IRL. She's inspiring and made me feel like I was ready to try to conquer the world again.
Adam threw my phone in the toilet but it still works
can you follow me back by the way haha?;)
I dont understand what i keep doing wrong... Everytime i talk to you it seems like.everything i say is stupid
if she grin, then i got her.
#TeamFitness 2012 lets get it! the year of results
“: Watching the #PresidentialAddress. Would love to read the fine print of this #AmericanJobsAct” I have a copy.
same I'm a #sexyhobo today
That's a pretty picture. Made me want to walk outside for a bit.
My parents and emoticons...
so question..any love for the radio station where JB started early? K104 NY..can i do a phoner? Hit me up? Skywalker
fyi: the counts of #-done on checklists get all out of whack if you check then uncheck stuff (especially if done fast)
What you don't understand is that i'd catch a grenade for ya... Yes I would die for ya baby.
<--- one funny "mf" go follow him. Like now!
love the show. Always DVR it and watch without commercials!
oops the can was added by autocorrect
I love that we get to use "terabyte" in casual conversation about computers now, like it's no big deal.
oh stop. you know you're the shit. people still hitting me up about our photos and how great you look! :)
nice body youngsta
his past (or present) girl DVR'd it?! Lol
I tried to play a few tongue games....she screamed NO!!!!! SMH! I need to put the games back into rotation.
Thinks Brendon should of stayed in the big brother house!
(I ate the goddamned) Frightened Rabbit
Someone told u to kill urself??
admin leader: jesus geeks monthly meeting tonight at 7pm, room 354.
Beat goes on for Le Roy, Albion school music programs - The Daily News Online
I'm going now to exercise and my reward is #TVD because, you're right, spoilers are everywhere!
Do not let these guys get off a 3!
Tired of everybody
Languid (adj):Feeling like you think you're making up words, but then you look in the dictionary and it actually exists
I'm so proud :)
Well, there we go! That's why messenger services exist right?
In need to try new things ..
Three words summarize 2011.
Listening to L's new favorite song, In The Summertime by Mungo Jungo. Nice!
Risky business? Who in the museum field is cultivating calculated risks as practice?
They just don't learn
Looks like a great resource. Can't wait to check it out more when I get back home after
Don't think I go a day without singing
Need some items for around the house? We have tools and yard items up for sale right now! www.dealshow.com
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." Albert Einstein
hey , the huge street-wide sharp pavement gap on 19th St NW (betw M and L) almost caused a giant accident. please fill ASAP
Good work! We appreciate you.
book of Mormon?
We're shooting a NEW short film at the end o' July! Yowza'
A ? for brother Kirk Franklin, will you ever in the future go back to school and get your GED?
Hey I am good to go next week. I will email you for details...
I have a friend at Nike AND they are selling them here at SXSW in Austin
yeah I do m8
i don't think it'll happen with adriana, sorry
You have to let me heard that when its done!! RT : "... BITCH IM GETTING MINE!".. Me and Pry killed that song!
#ilovetheweekend... Ready for the #ChiBlackhawks home opener tomorrow and ready to watch Jenny in the #ChiMarathon on Sunday!
Hi everyone follow me I follow back
F. Scott Fitzgerald's Tender is the Night over Great Gatsby. Colette's The Pure & the Impure over Gigi.
I checked it, and then unchecked it, lol. It was a setting that I hadn't noticed before. Thanks. So many familiar faces too.
Jesus people are in a bad mood today
R you thinking what I'm thinking??
Home from work
Needing sex.
Prep'd and ready to tweet!!
;)))) RT : it will be later in the evening for a round (or 2) of #BloodyMary's
Why am I so clumsy? Lost my beautiful prom earrings somehow before I even got home :(
Thank you from taking down my bestfriend Jered's photo.
Idk how anyone could wear pants to school it's almost the end of the year
haha I'll tell him not the first date maybe the 5th haha!(:
DVD: Yep, got it. Blu-Ray: Check. Instantly stream w/ UltraViolet: Huh? What the hell is that? What's next? Watch in Green Clover o'Vision?
Blackhawks game on NBC!
JUST ANNOUNCED -- The Dirty Pearls (5/5, on sale Fri), Mickey Avalon (5/10, on sale Sat), Rhapsody Of Fire (5/29, on sale Sat)!
got a rake?
do oranges believe in god>?
Jack White with all female back-up band on Saturday Night Live. He looks like Michael Jackson in an Elvis suit.
If happily ever after did exist...
This lil 11 year old Gia is a grown woman
I like that short film you did. BeBrandon, #BeMilwaukee,
Q13 completely agree man. Need to eat, and love to work out
looks good ;)
oh damn!!
OH in the cafeteria: "You know what was a bad idea? Rattails."
hey guys follow for me please! :)
Fuck it...I'm going to bed...good tweeps..thanks for listening
Hang out with enough and she'll have u spending all your money on shoes.
still working on my novel though, "While He Prayed..They Preyed" may self pub that one...just thinking on things. Researching some publishrs
After the 5th six weeks I think..
Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person . ❤
good saturday so far need some ppl to text though
Bout to listen to yo mixtape while i work:)
SO much fun...feels good to be getting back into it!
Gonna See Today!! ;D
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom & my best friend! Dont know what I'd do without you! Im the luckiest daughter ever! <333
ATTENTION MAHOMIES PLEASE FOLLOW IF U HAVEN'T AND U MAY GET A SHOUTOUT FROM !!!
Need help picking a #Derby winner? WWW.USSportspages.com
The way City was flopping, it's not hard to imagine they had a Barton plan in place, for when QPR drew even. Freakin expensive red card tho.
- anyone at protest to do interviews?
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
thanks sweets!!
We're here to pick up what you drop, yo.
Thanks for sharing!
End of the day Michael jordam better than kobe so what he past em
Congratulations and thank you to all of the great people that work in my places to make them ALL something DesMoines can be proud of!
Aladdin, The Lion King, Super Mario, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and so many more
So important, you had to tweet it twice! :-)
your not gonna die ... You might explode ..but your not gonna die lmao :)
Singapore? Even dept. chairs there are evaluated by the performance of their teachers' students' scores
I've really wanted to see that movie - sounds like you highly recommend it!
I wonder if there's something dishonorable about using flying drone robots to assassinate "enemy combatants" in foreign countries.
do you play tommrow ?(:
TP could have gotten a part time job & sent her money. There are ways to help without violating NCAA rules.
Just finished the #Avengers and I gotta say, the #Hulk is a Beast!
I RT'd that 12 star notification from favstar just to let you guys know I keep my expectations extremely low on the internet
Calling all poolboys ...
I'm very happy to announce that the WRP universe will be growing with not one, but two sister shows on the new YouTube networks.
our good friend Bobby Cuza is currently at Guantanamo Bay covering the arraignment of the 9/11 terror suspects for ... SIck!
Drivin to Ohio😊😊😊
wait what?
thank you! I thought it'd be nice of me to surprise you at your door ;-)
I just saw the avengers in 3D IMAX. Love. It.
Congrats to the University of Maryland Eastern Shore for winning the NCAA Women's Bowling Championship!!!!!
80's music all night at the bowling alley.
Don't forget to vote today, Wisconsin!
Bubba!! for the win.
Truth. RT Few better feelings in journalism than when sources finally come through. Almost always at the end of the workday.
Maxim #1- Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Texas storage wars another bad portrayal of Texans
just trying to keep it real.
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A DREAM COME TRUE I MAY CRY A RIVER IF U DON'T UR SO AMAZING PROUD OF U SO.FOLLOW ME PLEASE <33
So far the burgers are going good
Had a great time at 'Illuminate'. Thanks to everyone who made RAA a stop on yer Gallery Night & Day agenda! Thanks 2 Raoul Deal & students!!
At my cousins house......she just made some delicious enchiladas!
wondering how soon computer eye-strain (also known as Nintendo eye) will be an "official" medical condition (if its not already).
didn't he make an excellent choice CC lol
first phase: denial haha
listening to Mark of speak to my #unrbrand class. Thanks, Mark!
Won't The Pats' TEs too???
Thanks for my Followers... You're amazing !!! ♥
everytime I hear about this club, I get confused. I always associate "Bunker" with the label.
If I say HDDR, you say_______!
anytime is good for me
I mustache you a question.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!🌟
and I getting our cheesecake on watching The Voice! Excited to see
looks cool, I use primarily Macs but I will check it out when I get a chance...thanks...Merry Christmas
Good morning. Open early & ready to serve you. Dbl punch drink of the day: Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10-50 % Savings on everything in Bookstore.
Make sure you tell them about reaching 1000 & getting a bracelet..
You are an amazing, beautiful, person that deserves to be treated like a queen. I wish you could give me a chance ANONYMOUS
Had fun with Damion & Torrey, going to sleep now, church in the morning, goodnight. :)
theres nothing like food anytime!
If that's the case your all sell outs for not thinking like me...especially you hoes that be hungry before during & after sex.
What i need to stress foe i must of forgot who i am n what i can do
She looked gorgeous! RT Emma Stone should be named MVP of awards season.
That awkward moment
Hah! It was near 15th and L earlier today. Shame they didn't address it on air. This is important stuff.
Protecting your identity and the environment. What did you do today?
Someone who cares is all I ask for.
what do you mean? I'm a proud Taurus dude :-P. Thank you for the birthday wishes btw you were the third one :-$.
Eating salami charcuterie - worlds tastiest pringle
I haven't watched Grey's in a while, but I'm terribly anxious about tomorrow's death.
Beat that pussy up like some Dre beats, #haaannnnnn (;
thanks for the RT. How have you been?
RT "#CaseyAnthony case is so creepy 2 watch alone on a Friday night. or to watch ever #messedup" shes gotta b guilty,
what size docs and how big is the cluster? :)
Duckin bitches at the mall ass bitch
Apple seminar this morning. Wtf? No Danishes? Had to buy my own muffins. Shocking.
This Schlatter kid is fun to watch wrestle! Waiting for Holm to come back out
Plan for today before I go to work: Clean room, work on concert choir final, work on senior book.
Aww Alex I like you so much right now. Omg.
Nice drum work at the #oscars !! :) you've got talent!
you are very welcome, & thank YOU for the business! Glad you are happy with it.
LOL that's sweet !
Banks holding vacant houses fined. Enforcement of ordinances for all parties is what I'll continue to urge Bing Administration to undertake.
Tu sabes. But I don't really drink alone so I need to make a date with Señor patrón soon.
YouTube just rolled out live streaming for all nonprofit partners, details to come tomorrow, says
I'm loving this sunny, warm, not so blustery weather!
had a great time with :)
is my boyfriend:)
your boy says he loves you.
was taught to always tell the truth :p
Last day of radiation. I'm a very proud daughter today!
GM Beauties! Inner Quote: A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.-Eleanor Roosevelt
We accept cash, all major credit cards, and welcome accounts(personal & corporate). Hell Bent For Service, Black Crown (206)722-7696
Instead of frustration, you can experience joy. Instead of disappointment, you can know fulfillment. (via )
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 60
shit has been so ass since last week...but cant be negative just keep on moving.. life goes on
“: Folks! My workplace is looking for devs. Please DM me if you want details!” what kind of dev?
White people make great victims in scary movies...if they were all black...well then it would be a comedy show
TRob just can't hit anything. Purdue up by 1. We need a defensive stand big time.
I just blew my own mind.. Tim the Tool Man was the original Rick Ross
It's certainly a lesson.
Got You Fam!
omg smh. just give her the gift while she on the phone
“: Don't catch feelings too early.”
hey follow me it's emerald
None of my roommates are home tonight, this should be fun after the extremely creepy week I have had
Today’s consumers don’t just want a reliable real estate company to sell or help them buy a new home - Learn what agents don't know here htt
Ceremonials Florence + The Machine
That's so exciting! What model of reader is it?
Aww yea. My iPods so old I can't install Twitter. Legit.
thanks to all my new followers for following
Fun games keep your dog engaged and help to let go of built up excess energy
if you got it, flaunt it. and you definitely have it.
really? Now u wanna teach me stuff. I'm liking th sounds o that!
Is your interview online? Would love to read it.
Of course!
I really fucked up, huh? 😔
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
HEY MKE: I was Google-mapped TWICE today - watch for small car, Google logo & tall pole w/round pod of cameras :+D
is all over the IBJ real estate section this week! Nice job on the #belden deal boys!
Christmas shopping fills us whatever spare time I actually had. I guess i could mellow out on searching for deals and just go to walmart.
I just spelled pencil wrong o_O >.< no :D
